watch they will catch on :D .... but by then ill be on the nbt
2 out. Runners on the corners. Lucroy at bat.
Just tapped, Vortex IPA (replaces Torpedo Extra IPA)
Philadelphia area Wal-Mart stores, brace yourselves for mass broom returns tomorrow.
oh and get my tumbling.
I'm with you on that homie. Tmobile has been ok but I need an iphone...I just don't know who I should switch too....
Well I havent seen the word#villan on my timeline for a while!Get this trending for YEA YOU HEARD ME!TREND IT!DO IT!RIGHT NOW!
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 65
"you're the one thing I can't get enough of... so I'll tell you something, this could be love" 🎤 dirty dancing makes me smile :)
already there, girl.
Trying to finish the vocab today so I can do the questions tomorrow
If someone hasnt seen your previous tweet...this one would look AWKWARD. lol!
#ImminentDanger Zander: cites points in story, but then says story ignored them.
8 days to Go and still keeping My tradition Never spent it alone and will never do , From worst to best Am sure ;)
The King's Speech wins #BestPicture #Oscars !!!!
Haha! If it's anything like Quarantine, I'll be sleeping with all of my lights on after I see it.
Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
K you can stop talking to me now
Tie between Dick Tracy and Bulworth!
Have a good day everbody.....!!!!
so a lion not a crab?
great meeting you!
Well the chainsaw's chain needs to be replaced. Looks like this job gets postponed.
Very cool. Good Luck in the Rock N Roll. Let me know how you do.
Thank you for the #FF! Our committee of loves working with your organization!
#cil11 Just noticed the tiny sign on the podium. For track B the network is East2 and the password is cil2011dc
Experienced my first pro day today at Wisconsin. Sort of like a circus, but with stopwatches and bench presses. Definitely interesting.
trying to make a rac run tomorrow
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time. ~ Julie Andrews
#usbank loss draft department employees need to learn to say: "M'am, I am so sorry. I will make sure this gets done." Period.
yes today is a good day. You're alive to live & bring hope & help spread acceptance!
Gingrich counts as southern. Military brats get to choose.
Am I crazy to pack my gym bag to hit the pool right after the Bun Run?
Check out our website www.cellofury.com to purchase our new album! more links coming soon to the site
on #Leadership - New York times turns a mistake into a misdeed. Mistakes are for learning; misdeeds are for consequences....
Sunday, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Should I get
I'm going to start brewing my own beer soon. Been several years but ready to get back into it.
photo or it didn't happen
just play with it you will figure it out ...RT
I love that one so much, especially the line "in your scope I am content"
My gravestone will read: "Here lies Trevor, whose pants just never seemed to fit..."
Or better - 'the suspect was described as an hispanic man in jeans and white t-shirt'. OK, that narrows it down. Useless.
text me you asshole! Its been awhile. I miss my flaming faggot.
I must leave I cravedarkness absenceofsound the coolness of the brambledown by a creek Myheart wants to speak of sweet love/ myhead tooweak
Do I carry my high school diploma around? What do you do with your hair? What happens if there's inclement weather?
exactly why LEBRON needs to be shooting the ball at the end of the game
Only thing u can control in this world is yourself...
I hate when you have like 45 hair ties, then your friends come over then you have like none.
Hi Sylvia! RT : aloha everyone - better late than ever... tuning in to todays convo
Moving day went gr8, now time to unbox! Its fun making a house into a home!
Whenever a longtime figure like leaves the poker scene, it makes me feel, deep in my bones, that I really am a lifer.
money and fame will make any person look 10 times sexier
Can people change?
can not stress enough how important it is to have the support of the for the campaign.
Baldwin: "The original bill I wasn’t comfortable with, but we can't have outright theft of U.S. intellectual property."
we found some neat ones at Micheals.
great to meet you tonight w/ !
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy I fell in love. #GladYouCame into my life
Wearing shoes sucks.
Adora Svitak challenges us to rethink who can be a "teacher"
My wife thinks the #onion is a real news print .
I was just thinking about that sundae. Can we go back and just order that?
can you bring me a case please ill give it back when i get mines
Hopefully they'll play two story love song (or whatever that song was called) and everyone will forgive and forget
Can't say--I only just started making my way through his filmography, tho it's a steep drop after the progressive HANG 'EM HIGH.
haha :) feel better Kay? just get back to school
There's a bear wandering around Glendale who has a predilection for Costco meatballs.
Join us at Jame's Hoban's restaurant for Happy Hour. With a donation you will get light refreshments and drink specials. 5:30-8p.m.
It's an XL, it doesn't even fit me
awesome lol! Dude you wont believe where i am...:/
#GrnBz #If11: what if all consumer electronics were upgradeable? what if energy efficiency were the new granite counter top?
Yay #46201! RT : I think I will start tweeting more about my #46201 community.
Listening 2 coast to coast AM 640
Love is objectified by what men say is right, so express your humankind, fight for your rights.
-- an afternoon paczki is mighty tempting right now -- way better than the tasteless yogurt I'm pretending serves as a dessert
I concur. Like said, good being around other social crazies.
got so much i gotta do tonight...record this blog....record a few songs
Working on a book layout for a client and graphics for another. Always makes me nervous to mess with someone else's creation.
oh I'm good at recognizing signs like that. I'm just unclear of the name of the source
Enjoyed her lovely concert: #ElizaVeta here at #TBWA\Chiat\Day
Katharine McPhee makes every song better! She's amazing!!
Free tickets for me, yes please.
Workout! Give them abs some neighbors! Lol
At least its not raining! RT : Good morning! Mondays.. Smh
So what's the difference between dangerous lightning and normal lightning? The TV weather guy keeps warning me about the dangerous kind.
C'mon Taylor! Make. A. Layup.
"Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another." ~John Dewey... Have fun connecting the dots. ;)
Can't wait for March 23!
I'll beat the pussy up up up lol
Indeed! RT : Measuring a company on money raised is useful. Measuring them on money earned is more so.
kind of wondering we all haven't grown one.
Man that was easier than scoring on the bobcats.
Laid down and decided to listen to Samuel Jackson narrate "Go the fuck to sleep"...... It actually worked. #SleptGood as shit too.
All bst JH FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
RT : Thursday - the next best thing to Friday. Right?
Thank God for another start to a beautiful week, stay FOCUSED and walk towards ya goals!
Daughter has #Packers plates on her car in Nashville. Said a man ran up to her at a stoplight and did the Discount Double Check.
Tell me ya'll have had a day when you're feeling " Burn " by Usher all the way down to your soul. Because that's today.
imagine that! 1975!
Did you tweet delete all day?
“: there's no such thing as a "girl code"” there was, not anymore tho...
And the last pick goes to.... The NC State Wolfpack!
This is how I monitor my drinking ,, measure it !!
You have really great hair.
My Morning Jacket >>>
good how r u :)
Ev & Biz r on, Sherri twittering live. Whoopie asks "what is it?" It's an information network, they say.
Rumors? Well at least you're spreading something else besides your legs.
I am on the 2nd floor working with Robert York & :)
M ice cream sammiches
that shitty that is going to be my 1st race I go too
And with only a cheap half working bike reflector
Translator had difficulty telling Koji he's been traded to Texas - which may explain why he bought me a cowboy hat and Chuck Norris poster.
Dropped my phone in the toilet
thanks! glad you like it! :)
enjoying my "work" trip in San Diego…staying at a nice hotel, visiting La Jolla tomorrow and behind the scenes at Sea World on Friday. I l…
Can we make sure don't ban banning banners?
Can't find my remote!
From look of crowd, guess MR PHELPS had no prob getting tickets for family and friends!
wonder if this would have happened had the suspension not been overturned
Life's a bitch, and I'm its pimp.
oh yeah agree I don't mind. I'll get where I'm going
short shorts and tshirts.nice day out
that looks amazing!
fazio, don't sue Siri - she's been busy learning Japanese.
It's a pretty amazing and appropriate reward.
RT “We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.”
The body is telling me that I'm toast. Till tomorrow everyone, goodnight and God Bless. <><
You and your awesomeness -- Thank you!
Seriously though guys, marijuana should be legalized. Let the States decide.
#blend12 #DIETribes Fortunately I have a boss who agrees and encourages this.
Thank you for coming! It was so fun. We'll let ya know about the next one. In the meantime, follow #ShowAndMail cc
I WANNA GET TO 370 TWEETS BEFORE BED I JUST HAVE TO!!!
Cheers for everyone that came out to our one and only homecoming in Sligeach Epic great people..
💗good morning ! Hope u have a great day n the baby is healthy!!!
On the road again. Philly, I will see you tomorrow!!
•I’m tired of love; I’m still more tired of rhyme; but money gives me pleasure all the time
Now playing: "Passive" by A Perfect Circle. "Someday, I'll walk away and say..."
I know Dirk has not been dominating but Terry is suppose to be his #2. only time he has been more dumb is when he hit Finley in the balls.
Tell me about it. Think of all the wasted bandwidth and memory for shit like that. Now I want Pizza Shuttle.
Our goal is to match anyones price and provide superior service!!
Been building my website all night.. Off to bed and it's still not up. 😡 #technicallychallenged #mustsleep 💤
starts following me at the exact moment I order 2 copies of "The Whore of Akron" ( needs one too!) Fate?
- Hey, tell me more about your company. I always like to brainstorm with other marketing professionals. heidi BVEN Boutique MKE
im almost leaving lol
Marylin movie night with puppies for prizes
DM me your number :)
Planning to bundle up for some skiing on Lake Monona, to suck up some rays of Sunshine.
Dear #STLCardinals: Feel free to leave Phoenix early. Good God
Im starting over on Monday!!! :-)
like frickin NATO
ate my cookie 😒
Super Bowl Sunday at Sunshine! We are open all day and the game will be on with sound! Fried Chicken and football
Please win this game
Boo-boo bunny is accompaning us for dinner... Not due to boo-boos, but due to friendship and conversation...
Every time I head to Georgetown I get stuck between a parade of trains. Time to catch up on Twitter.
who was laden with wealth, with but the riches of divine grace alone. from the service to St. John on Jan. 27
f-brilliant: Lying on Resumes
CALLING ALL 21 AND OLDER FEMALE FOOTBALL PLAYERS! INBOX ME OR TWEET ME
yes and were all hanging out friday ! kay thanks glad were on the same page ! have a good week b rad !
as long as i can come to the wedding.
Ugh - caught some bad mojo at the casino! Was doing fine - tipping along and then found a damn losing streak!
ill take it
Arabic numerals are not really Arabic; they were created in India.
Starting #insanity again from the start. Feels like I hadn't even finished it, it was so hard this morning! 👎 but I feel so good!
“: Congrats Kenyan on a big win! #ward4supportsward5.” hoping he has a change of heart on fighting crime
Re: #CV Council vote Tue. to dissolve CVRC; wanted to add I am still very committed to redevelopment, just didn't think CVRC was right way.
Great meeting you and spinning with you. Jealous you're already in bed. Last song was at 2:45 ugh haha
come on out sister, we had it cookin like the summer heat, hopefully they let us bring our music again, that is the magic
Fix the stoplight at 42nd and University. I'm tired of no green light in the AM turning south onto 42nd from university.
Devastated 2 read abt Reynolds Spoke w her after my novel was pubbed. It deals w pain care. She was passionate articulate& inspiring
I think the Thunder are good enough to sweep! 😊
POCKET PAL.
that awkward moment when you're the only person on the planet with a smart phone that's dumb...
Why the hell did jessica simspon name her baby girl a boy name?
recording a new song soon, who wants to hear it?
Plan for tomorrow: -get hair cut -do an enormous amount of laundry -get ready to head out for Branson
I feel ya sista!
Same on this end!!!! Can't wait.
I'm talkin' big boy rides, and big boy ice.. Lemme put this big boy in yo life
so stupid ! I HATE people who just want you to follow them & in the next second the unfollow YOU ?! what the ... ?
Q: What is Active Data? A: Change Sensitive Data. Basically, what #AWWW refers too re. time variant nature of Resources.
This rain is stupid!!!
me too!! i'm applying in philly first!
Lemme know if you wanna try them:)
Happy birthday , even if you may not see this, just remember I love you and I was here even past your last birthday <3
loved the script, can't wait to see it :)
Congrats to for winning the Wells Fargo Player of the Game by selecting Jamaal Franklin!
I love some trivia
TECH: Art. Dir Adam Fitzgerald () gets black paint on his eye. Prd Dir Lori Prince: "Ha! You look like Adam Lambert, but old."
and I just compared notes - 16 medals total for SD brewers. 5 Gold, 3 Silver, and 8 Bronze. More soon!
Happy Mother's Day to moms, stepmoms, bonus moms and all the wonderful caring women in this world who have loved & nurtured anyone!
sadly agree: everyone either stops using drugs -- end demand -- or legalize it. lets all just drink beer, eh?
Apparently the numbers I dreamt and played in the Mega Millions was meant for the daily and lottos at the bar. :-(
...why must we want what we can't have??...so if i work real hard at it will i get it evenually??...
(That would be bad; the APRL needs a librarian.)
Tempted to sing along with Bohemian Rhapsody in the #library. "Nothing really matters to me."
I'm hungry for bdubs. Can't stop thinking about it.
Hey old bud
shoutout to thanks for the Follow!!
Who's excited for the reunion show December 3rd at ??!! We have pre sales now!! Hit us up for one..or more :)
So true! RT : God is not done with me yet.
data entry and wine could spell disaster. oh no! don't worry , , i just started!
Is it counterproductive to drink kombucha and a latte at the same time? Big questions.
ew...tell me people do NOT say that. #LOTR over everything.
... You do remember the Tonight Show debacle right?
the window graphics are great! :) they look so cute! Thanks again for doing those for us!!! Now you have to vote for us!
Dear mr.raulston, tomorrow you shall expect me to be eating food in class. I will not stop cause you tell me. Im a hungry teen. I like food
Con 2L d agua de limón y Eucasol a la mano... I will put up a fight!
EW OMG i just saw a spider on the toilet seat what even i'm never using the bathroom again
wat happened y r u sick
Started the day with an audition and moving on to unrelated but equally exciting prospects. I think I like this week.
haha yes there's gonna be a cool girl house sitting over there you could go hanhout! =Plol but yes for sure after
Please share! Manpower in Richmond is currently hiring for Assembly Technicians (airport area) and CNC Machinists- southside.
indiana eifs contractors, eifs contractors indiana, indianapolis eifs contractors, eifs contractors indianapolis eifs repair indiana
thank you♥
Set aside some time to digest it. The article is long and wanders around the narrative in places.
Some ugly basketball to start this thing!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies on my timeline, and a special shout-out to my #TwitterlessMom, who taught me to be strong & proud.
go with me , every Tuesday it's two for $25 :)
Don't use etc. in press pitches. It's lazy... If there's more info, share it.
The hottest guys in the world? Well.. Justin Bieber, Pattie's son, Selena's boyfriend, Jeremy's son and Jazzy and Jaxon's older brother.
#5factsaboutmymom 1) Smart 2) gorgeous 3) She can't take a joke 4) i LOVE her amazing cooking 5) best mom ever!!
Really notice a difference when I alternate upper body free weights w/ resistance training a couple times a week.
All eyes on the Windy City this weekend! & face off AND we are hosting the #NATO summit. Everyone stay inside & lock up lol
When NBA players win the championship do they feel ten feet tall?
congrats to our 1st 10 followers for following us. We are giving them each 1 free night @ our Midtown West apt. in the heart of NYC!
adri got lost and mom's mad. Now were all in trouble
always needing a sweater, smh
OMG i have to get it! :)
Pretty! I want to see it in person! HH after finals?
why would they want to be on it. You Lie
In Taylor's songs i always can get some advise.
Her mortgage payment is $100 less than what I paid for rent for a 700 sqft apartment in this city, & that was only my half of the rent.
He'll? Don't know how someone can go to he'll.
Cameras at NBA games are to good igudola for sixers was just digging all in his nose for all to see
Haha. Good one. : The "healthy choices" menu at fast food chains is like snorting cocaine off the inside of a celery stick
my day was pretty great. yours? sauthuf? ;-) LOL
I thought this was the magic! There's more?!
Or how about break-ups...like a band-aid...RIGHT OFF! :-)
The top remashed song on Mashup Is M.I.A. - Paper Plane. What's your favorite song?
thx! She's heading to NYU London in the fall :0)
Don't want the weekend to be over.. There is a busy week in front of me!! I guess that's not a bad thing : )
Some family members will cross u quicker than a mofo on da streets!
Following up with responses on motorcycle photo shoot I looking to do.
Proud of my guys for battling today. Lost a tough one to St Johns by 4. Have got to correct mental mistakes.
Do you have everything hooked up.
King of hearts <3
can u copy the picture or would you like me to send it to you?
nono this was so I could do LESS work not more ;) LOL
RT Being a stay at home mom is hard. Being a working mom is hard. You know what makes it easier? Millions of dollars.
off to work i go.. was going to go to the scooper bowl after work, but its raining so idk
Special thnx to all that came out last nite, , Espn's Barry Melrose,Jeremy Roenick,, ,no ?
Do you consider the building itself to be a part of the museum's collection?
haha that's definitely not a good thing because I kind feel the exact same way about you! Do you still have my number?
Hi Mom! You are now apart of the TWITTERVERSE.
when people get mad at work and tell me that bj's suck, cosco's better like it's suppose to hurt my feelings and make me cry myself to sleep
Wondering about a second masters in user-centered design, to complement an MLIS...a useful combo?
the amount of butter i put on my food usually ranges from Reasonable to Paula Deen
Most Americans don't even know who he is, doubt the robber did either.
No one was even injured. The situation could only have been worsened by additional firearms.
Better hope I don't find you . Cuz if I do , imma punch you in your ugly face .
I always cry. I'll be crying like a maniac at the graduation.
Let's talk about the website you need 312-725-6995 -Andrew
Decide what you want, pick out one goal and go for it. Can't just say "I want a mentor."
Christ Almighty
Worst cities for traffic where I have been: Bangkok, Mumbai, Bangalore, Dhaka. LA not even close.
How much more would it have cost to just get Eminem? Come on
go get me some candy
two buck chuck is my buddy tonight
Favorite Halloween candy - what's yours? I have to say I've got a soft spot for the Reese's. The soft spot being a gut, of course.
I really don't care what my peers have to say about their work experience, it's not going to be on the exam.
thanks for the make-my-day-hashtag #CueFanGirlSqueals I also love the title The Time it Rained in Puerto Rico!
Any time with food=best time of the day
thanks man, it was an awesome surprise!
Change he was in there a year to long
wondering when I drop these KANSAS CITY compilations will I get the same support I give out!!!
I'm good...and you?
Agree. Of course they would also sell some ads around you as they added you to that group....:)
#ICantStandWhen the weirdo treats you like your the weirdo
If you ever decide to come back and take pictures, let us know!
Like this girl posted a picture on facebook of her three positive pregnancy tests.
Putting my phone away to study
A day of silence, meditation and prayer - sending the love and many blessings to all as we head into this holiday weekend!!
Working on some cover letters!
the one by rihanna? Omgeeeee!
one job is enough to turn me into a couch potato every single night!! Us hermits need to unite! :)
Had to reset PRAM to solve a problem on my Macbook. Didn't know that was still a solution! Now I'm straightening a paper clip just in case.
BREAKING: Pete Thamel to investigate the Tupac hologram at Coachella
omigosh, this tweet seriously made my night...and I thought it was just me?
Medicall Massage is offered by some massage therapists. A doctor's order is needed and the massage therapy is often covered by insurance.
1 gimp + 1 preggo = bad lawn care crew. Anybody know a Triangle teen (or other cheap labor) looking to make a few bucks raking leaves etc?
^ Family involvement is a valuable thing and playing together actively can be the '90s version of it. Instead of just watching, you can...
Words i never thought I'd ever see "Whitehurst leads 7-9 Seahawks to NFC West Title"
See you soon RT : Fog so thick you could cut it making me late for pc at Mt Bonnell. Be there ASAP.
Tomorrow is the day, my LAST day of my undergraduate career. I can walk out knowing I've achieved something so significant, a BSBA degree.
AUCI closed up 22% today, look for a good open tomorrow! With news, I see this trading over $0.01, up from 4x from $0.0022.
BOOKING PORTRAITS! ONLY GOT A FEW SPOTS LEFT THIS WEEK! BOOK YOUR SHOOT TODAY AND RECEIVE 40% OFF PRINTS.
i got a friend out here who just put me on to a bunch of survivalist game too... stalking prey, finding edibles,
I didn't mean to RT that and it won't let me undo it.!! Lol but I'll claim it in Jesus name.!!!!
DHS foster care suit settlement OK'd - Tulsa World
Why can't people be themselves and stop trying to be a wanta be
RT relationships should never rewind ...... so true
no way jose
I have 100 oak trees in my tiny Focus. Amazing how small seedlings are!
I'm with ya! RT : I am out after this year. And I will actively encourage all conservatives to leave the GOP with me.
Always keep moving forward even when you don't want to.
Man, this would've been an awesome game to watch on
What is the record for the most #Christmas dinners / events in one week?
It was a good day
Lyle Wallis says "in order to make a sane systems dynamics model keep your units consistent"
Memorial Day parade goes right past my house - always a treat to see the police, reenactors, and scads of Brownies and Boy Scouts.
Ever fall so hard you wanna cry , yes that just happened to me -___-
Got some crazy shit up my sleeve, its ridiculous
Just familiarize and you will know
So excited for much anticipated Avery news on tonights episode. I love THG, but I miss on 30 Rock!
If she Knew what i knew about Him, she would've stopped talking to him a Long time ago ...
BLT sandwich hold the tomato and lettuce
hey! Hope all is well. Miss u
are u at Towson lax?
thank you *breathes easier*
yes. Im going to go like all your instagram pictures to blow up your notifications(; haha. I'm bored(:
that's what me and boudreaux was talking about.
text me so I can save your number (: 786 366 4000
Can anyone describe our genre?
UHH CHAIN letter's YES or no??
#Omgdoublehkp My friend's name is YURI <3 :D
Eddie Johnson just retired, Portland Timbers announced. There's your reason for picking up another forward today. Best to Eddie!
To be or not to be....that is the question...
Floyd Mayweather & The Money Team will be at Perfections ...
do you wear a brace? That might help.
Pat Noonan is on!! Good for him, I guess?
Today is National Pretzel Day..and if you're obliging, there's only one 'must have' - the Philly Pretzel. Get on a plane & go get it.
Now THOSE I could look at all day long.
That was like a srimmage game for OKC
👏👏RT : "In order to be walked over, you have to be lying down." somthing I refuse to do. over my dead body
Rex sucks at announcing. I miss Frank.
Love this weather. Cloudy but warm and bright. <3
I'm so pissy right now.
We've got a pair of Kenny Chesney tickets to give away this week - tweet with the hashtag #KennyChesneyinPDX for a chance to win!
#RochMN this hours $1000 challenge match has already been matched! Call 507.286.8742 to make your pledge now!
Almost forgot today was computer christmas at work - Hello new macbook pro + Cinema display. Next up: standing desk.
well feel better as well my darlin!
Look for a special issue of Bus Lines on board buses and in information racks located throughout Milwaukee.
larron king had a bad wreck earlier this week and we woulda missed the prayer service so we brought the prayer service to us.
now im hearing Beat of My Heart♥ <333 :D to the best of my....to the beat of my heart :D ..... ♫
FOLLOW NOW!!
I know! Im always at school & I hate it!
Happy Monday to our MTCP'ers! Who had a school musical last weekend? How did it go?
You don't see too many single person trampolines these days. #80'sexercisegear
Happy Hour with live music from Ruben Garcia and Free Taco Bar Specials this week: $6 Patron, $3 Coronas, $3 Well drinks, and $4 Drafts
Hit the Lights!
EVERYBODY BETTER FOLLOW BACK ON INSTAGRAM! !!
lol amazing is the word lol
Still bad after Cutch's HR? :)
OH : "Can we just get in the van and leave now?" wants to roll! We leave a week from today.
hahahha I don't remember lol
When you point a finger there is three pointing back .
Dude go with your family, and be happy for your mom cause tomorrow is mother's day! Screw this social bullshit!
i was acually in the best mood ever till u started chatting me.
#Imagine Zayn: Roses are red, violets are blue, God was feelin’ good when he made you. :)
Note to self: Stop buying rice milk and chicken stock with too similar packaging.
one week without the internet, i'm so glad it's a long weekend.
that explains more than that novel of a blog post I just read. Gracias.
Is It Weird That Now When I Ask My Dad For Money I Say "Daddy,Can I Have T-Money??" :) I Feel Weird 0.o FML.
RT : Nice (& overdue) to see more women moving into key exec roles. Seems is doing a nice job with Cinnabon. Others?
Just In. NEW Generator/Alternator pigtails, Single High-Temp Spark Plug Wires, 4Speed and 5Speed shifter knobs and a few molding Clips .
Woke up needing Advil, not due to hangover but aching feet
#WhenIWasALittleKid I thought Batman was scary
Everybody thinks they areas special but I have some news for them...I'm way better then they're sorry asses
we had a blow out on our way to NYC. we are thankful for NJ roadside assistance!
I'll be there for the concert tonight
Its to early! But time to rock n' roll :) gotta make them scripts for Vegas next week!
nah they just don't appreciate me lol
Chicken fried
Wow this really is March Madness!!!!!!!!.
mine too. Was just thinking the same thing!
The Cribline is live!
get it
Now Following.:))
#best90scouple Bobby and Whitney
waiting on u to DM me <3
Laying on this damn couch with nothing to do
Dinner & drinks at w. my mama, pre-Chicago!
Is It Wise to Travel Away from Home While Your House is Empty?
lol!!! I shouldn't have been taking that pic while driving, but it was scary looking, had to capture it LOL
I hate typos
Thus concludes all the Faculty Academy presentations! thanks to everyone who participated!
Who else feels like they still haven't caught up on sleep since #C21GC?
R.I.P - Whitney Houston!
Rumor has it #TSC might return with ABC or some other network #FingersCrossed in the meantime can't wait 4 new tv series Beauty & The Beast
#DentalTip: Completely clean teeth. Floss between your teeth at least once a day, after dinner and before bedtime.
Grandmas birthday is this Friday! Hopefully that means I get to see family ??
omg i just read one of camerons tweets and immediately recognized it as what Oogway said to Po in kung fu panda(x omg.
i often wonder which of the lies i believe is most egregious
nobody to talk to yet!!
One panel has been ransomed! Come down to see it!
maybe its more like a preferred taste in artists
i hit you up with an email and on the website. get back to me when you get a chance.
With Phil Anschutz possibly buying Tottenham, will - also in L.A. - take on a GM role (along w/ Grantland responsibilities)?
And that girls are conditioned to be feminine and this may result in their being reluctant to be funny.
Walking by the Game Developers Conference in SF makes me wonder what #PLA12 will be like next wk. My guess? 100% more women.
oh hell yeh. Can u imagine the trouble??!!
In some cases, inventions prohibit innovation cause we're so caught up in playing w/ tech, we forget about what's important - Dean Kamen
#thingsilove driving on the highway at night.
Pinterest is the ultimate exercise staller...
nothing more pathetic than a girl who forgives a guy who cheats on her
“: Dallas! Who's ready for ? Doors open at 11am. Pick up a set times sheet at the table!"
Ecstatic!!! RT Since u spoiled TheOthers- I'm spoiling this season of KeepingUpWTheKardashians...they all die. Happy?!...
The Clubhouse reopens tomorrow at 11am! We're so excited to see our members!
MAYBE I SHOULD, JOHN. MAYBE. I. SHOULD. (No, but for real, I think their kindness would smother me and I'd drown in syrup.)
Loving the new Sections feature in LinkedIn. Just added all my languages w/ it!
Q. What's female Viagra? A. Jewellery
You know the times have changed when an offer for a high-yield savings account is for f-ing 1.00% APY
Might actually get cards out before christmas!
Awww, thank you. I love writing it! Here's an early #ff shout out to get you started on tomorrow.
Make the right decisions.
NO!! That was WAY too weird!!!
if you were there, youd be amazed. Theyre like, the walmart of junk food>.<
tell me more...warm weather, great food, and a place I've never been. Now can I get a reasonable flight/accommodations that...
hey DM me now
*starts counting sheep*
thanks for the follow!
I thought this worked universally — shift+option+hyphen
Not the only one. Penn's branch of has helped West Philly kids succeed on the SATs for years.
fill in blank and RT -- My favorite DPC pairing has been _______
Daly City Auto Repair, Sanford Firestone, Offers Tips on Brake Repair and Maintenance
Fridays class is at 5:30.
You got to see them live?
this cat is not singing "stronger" right now
hi, wanna hang out?
Yo I got you a new swastika flag for V-day hahaha
Have we mentioned lately how much the First Person Plural Reading Series in Harlem hearts ?
hi how are you doing i got to ask are you single
When you feel down and out- it's time to get out!
Treebeard tosses it away! That was big!
I'm sleeping beauty's second cousin... uh oh, I'm feeling sleepy again... z... curse this spell... z
Thanks for the #twitterlove this morning You guys rock!
Porr you :P RT : Hair! Why you look so weirdy today?!?!
thanks for the follow - can't wait to read the book!
Rehearsing for 3 sets on Saturday night.
Playin for Kevin Boyle for another year will do nothing but help him develop even more as a player.
I am swag
we love the new look! Remember everyone accomplishes more together & Keep achieving :)
So if I tweet a reply, only the person to whom I am replying can see it? (also, sweet grammar tango back there, right?)
thanks for following! :) i also sent you a friend request on facebook
RT : It's #WhyILoveMuseums day today - so what are your favourite reasons?
please i have a great idea, but it needs RTing!
Congrats man made of stardust
Good for you! I've never known someone who actually owns one of those things. Post pictures!
u know be nice lol if oden striped off suit into uniform and came back and kills pacers for blazers win?
the stuff people say
Thank you
Of Freeman's last 27 hits, 13 have been for extra bases.
Excited about the idea innovation. If you're part of check out our Jerusalem Jewish Cabaret and vote for us!
Unite #Spurs fans! Battling the Pacers tonight at 7:30.
Looking more like the KC Wizards currently. Finding a way to implode.
. I've not yet been able to get vim registers, os x and tmux to play nice. I have enough shortcuts to get around it though.
Losing my license is the fucking worst.
The word we're looking for is "ouch."
Spring Break!
Twitfam, if I started a tumblr consisting of hot girls wearing funny bike helmets, do you think that would blow up?
After a long day I like to kick back with my headphones on and drift away in rhymes
Going back outside
thank you so much!!! You really think so?
I had the Q speech memorized for a long time. Was (aptly) on the Q train when I got to "Who shall blame him"…
What an impressive entertaining fight. On both ends. Great fight.
Join PJ the DJ tonight at Jays Sports Bar at The Iceoplex in Southpointe. Karaoke and your requests 9-1. $2.50 Corona
off to #sanfrancisco in 10 hours. NIGHT! :)
Focus on end user tasks in rda training -- good tip from Glenn Patton.
Anyone see the comparison with mcelroys arm and tiger playin on a busted up leg? Hm :-)
IT'S EASY
Virgil just tweeted you Shieki baby. Says that you were never a Million $ Champion, like he was.
Consider registering for a charity fitness event (e.g. a walk that benefits a specific disease). This will help motivate your workout!
Ok so finally home...missin my other half..anyway...........sweet dreams ((muah))
Avoided the sweep, I'll take it. No more Cards until July.
haha well there are just some things that you can't control, and that's one of them
Carmello Anthony sues ex bus Mgr saying he stole over 2 million from him, I thought you were against snitches Mello!!
Fruits & veggies = awesome health/nutritional benefits & should form basis of ur diet. Great farmers markets in Austin - get it fresh!
sorry I'm not all on ur cock anymore! Lol
so pretty!!
RT Lady Gi now following also!
You're the best, Amanda! We're definite super fans of yours!
Aww I just love how apologizes to he's fans<3 that's why I love him(:
#10thingsaboutmyself I'm very very gullible
It's just what I heard, just what I heard.
i just wish i felt better
come to visit us!
Of course! Do you have a facebook? We will send some support over there as well!
omg like thats perfect!!! Support people!!! :)
When it's storming an raining and u have nothin 2 do! Just pull out ur play station and play Rock Band 2 😁🎸🎸🎸👾👾
"Language is the dress of thought; every time you talk your mind is on parade." -- Dr Samuel Johnson
#VivaLasNASCAR To meet DW and stream the race to my EVO 4g while sitting in the stands. Old school fan and new school tech.
Ah #gmail. How I depend on you & miss you when you're down. It does help to know I'm not alone and that you are not my only option. Yet.
if u see mt buddy Skip tonight, have him give u my number and email. He will be there tonight
Tgugh loss to Baylor, but now it`s time to show some huevos in the NCAAs.
At least the cubs won :)
U ALREADY KNOW FAM!! Thanks 4 the support! :-)
#nce11 ravitch: closing schools does nothing to address needs of students
I love Björk so much, have since I was a kid, and the Biophila app is fabulous, and, and...I wish I liked the music in it just a touch more.
it really doese
Cheap and easy - reminds Mommies of their youth. ;)
More painting today, and a singer songwriter showcase tonight!
and the same to you guys!
A good publicist...is strategic in her or his approach when working with media.
Hey lil brother! miss u!
So very sweet! / “: Beautifully written, Professor. Years later, I'm still grateful to have you teaching me."
#FF hey thanks you for the mention and for add me on your page
Enjoying a 2008 Ghost Pines Cabernet Sauvignon, very nice for only $14
Happy Friday y'all ....Muah!!!
Survived, with a terrible aftertaste. And to be accurate, I just chewed it up instead of consuming it, a great decision.
davey jones died :[
Thanks too :)
Thank you #facebook for changing the way we can add tabs to our fan pages.
yotes = some of the top young talent in the league, how else could they make playoffs 2 yrs in a row with no-names?
Cyber Monday! Have you been wrapping up your Holiday shopping? Don't forget to stop by one of our stores for some stocking stuffers!
sleeping bags on the family room floor. Fantastic Mr. Fox. and my 3 beautiful babies.
I'm calling a double upset Coto and T.Bradley are gonna both win bye split decision watch!
Ack! My laptop's screen is coming off! To the genius bar asap! （;￣O￣）
Freezing my booty off, but am committed to looking the part for /National Library Week READ poster photo shoot today!
My little brother gets what he wants by screaming at the top of his lungs -___-
I think I'm going to have to hop on the New Jersey #Devils bandwagon the rest of the #NHL playoffs. Would like to see Marty win one more.
I hate when people complain to my mother about me...
And that's it for office hours for AY 2011-2012. Things are winding down.
You lost credibility on that one when you say she's from your home state.
pushing in corners again. Not good
They are each a different theoretical discussion. In some ways, it doesn't matter which is at the beginning and which at end
don't hate. It's twitter. Don't judge my creativeness :)
I feel yah bad Miami drivers
Likewise, gorgeous! See you this weekend :D
Hey buddy congrats on the f&w nod. Been a long time. Hope you are well
With the changed iPad policy at Yankee Stadium, does anyone know if they also lifted the ban on kindles? Planning ahead for tomorrow.
I'm you're boy dummy
Brewing some beer!
Best of luck today Let's finish what we started. All the way to LA!
Wow. Weird, weird dreams. Told a childhood crush I crushed on him, stole cookies from a woman who lived in a train car (it had wooden slats)
Great passing on that goal. Also I see NYC apparently can't support two pro teams at once, since no one is at the Yankees/O's game.
Breaking... to run for #GWU U-at-Large Senate seat. Stay tuned for more updates.
Jealous? I didn't even have to make up my own place to get a mayorship.
Pittsburgh Power? #cmonman. Go hear the symphony instead.
Such a love/hate relt with Lifetime.
that worked :) thanks!
Thanks darling! Hope you get your LFDY fix soon. Miss you guys too.
uuuggghh hate being sick! and tomorrow is friday!
i might be quoted in the Chicago Tribune soon. if i am, would you mind picking me up a copy/
Food for thought: Bacon is delicious
I have a major crush on Rihanna. Thanks to the English =)
Must be diarrhea. (Sometimes it's better not to ask.)
what contest are u in? Tweet the link to me
Huzzah! RT : Reading up on my pal, 's, game reviews in the Red Eye. Swift and to the point. Full of hutzvah.
RT: on CUNY TV African American Legends April 7 at 6pm with Dr. Roscoe C. Brown
Happy Birthday Liz!!! enjoy your special day! :D
2-0 yesterday, more games today!
AND the same issue of features a charming photo of our own John McGivern on page 62.
ya but a little dab will do ya ( or me, at least). I like the liquid form 4 this. Even so, only @ nite. Stares turn into dreams.
Had cocktails and wine w/ the surprise of awesome appetizers. Thanks You rock!
thank you Alex....but I coulda used the pants Dammit. Haha
for sure!! (: just text me and let me know when girly. We should all go to din din, park, or w/e. lol
silly bananas!
Just found out we're getting ! Excited to be able to measure VOC on our site :)
I want ihop right now....So hungry nomnomnom
If I had anywhere to go, I'd be about ready to pack up and leave. On second thought, maybe I'll have a sandwich. Guess I'm just hungry.
I want to go to the show.
Half day + rogers = success
80 percent of the houses sold in Pike Township are under $150,000. 20 percent are above $150,000.
Break a leg! Looking forward to reading about it!
Check out www.achealthcare.org, a great resource for info. about health care services in Alameda County!
eww.. Hoarders. these people are disgusting
comebacks are a bitch in the golf game
Have any questions about #Schoology? I'd be happy to help.
I'm excited for ABDC tonight<3
#unorginaltweet "Four for you Glen Coco, you go Glen Coco!"
Apple TV...why did I wait? Makes the Netflix/Pandora/Vimeo/YouTube interface on our old Blue Ray feel downright primitive.
"The FBI can look into people's computers, why can't you?" -- customer, talking to the help desk
This world is going to a shithole quick...and we are all to blame. God have mercy on us for completely losing the point of this existence.
My dad was a quote guy. My favorite one from him "you can't soar like an eagle if you hang out with turkeys"
One week til #TurkeyDay! RT if you love #Thanksgiving!
yea bout that....
>30 yrs old digital immigrants vs. <30 yrs old are digital natives
oh no
Aw thanks. I made #3 I think? Lol but still thank you ;)
No problem!
physical location, using Harvard's distant off site storage and sever farm as an example. Possibly as a rhetorical device, but.
Oh damn! :-) RT : Tonight I'm Gonna Put My Body On Your Body!
Thanks holmes.
Callback. The one I had a good feeling about. Keep them fingers firmly crossed for a bit, please?
I'd love to see an example of that. Could be a useful model.
yes for sure
Did you know The Iron Horse Hotel now offers free weekday valet parking for lunch? Hmm ... will it be the DLT or the BLT today? YUM!!!
Who's watching #Wrestlemania?
Yo, can you get to a mic right now?
worst pickup line ever. ;-). Btw, what would a Boycrazy ringtone be?
My eyes hurt..
New track "Jack-O-Lanterns" is up on Reverb Nation and Facebook
nah jus cuz you love us
What do you think is the WORST venue in Brooklyn, and why?
I'm listening to Never Say Never xD
not crazy you just don't love your dog as much as I love my cat and if you knew hope rose you would be obsessed too
Shhh! Be quiet! Do you hear that...? That faint sound...off in the distance...it's getting closer each minute...Isn't SAXAppeal on tonight?
lol why u mad now ? i just got done eating my chinese platter im bout to call u ... lol
Really? That's awesome! Is it exactly what you expected, or no?
That was a great workout last night!
yep, I am in Jacksonville, did you leave Alaska or are you visiting Florida?
Do we need to register?
Omg i just caught myself watching #americanidol...need to get out of the house
When Hawaii Said No to Football: A Fan’s Look Back
Got gassed twice. Still standin. Bring it cops.
Just a few final touches, and we'll see you this weekend at Our House by Theresa Rebeck!
Enjoyed the open house at #Exacq tonight. Nice to see such growth for this #Fishers business.
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS! FOLLOW EACH OTHER TO GAIN
Quote of the day from : "it's always colder somewhere else."
Lovatics and #BritneyArmy let's trend this: Stop saying bad things about Demi and Britney! Let's do this, and show de power that both have!
Wishing I had more time to practice (music, that is).
#YouWasSexyUntil i met ur mom and seen what ud look like old...
But thank you for trying. :)
WOW.... :D Awe, thanks for the compliment & showing love. Appreciate it.
Looking for a list of favorite websites k-12 that you teachers enjoy using with your students.
Please bring Austin to Washington DC! Theres lots of things to see around here! Like the White House! ;) (c)
good advice, frequently ignored, to the peril of the tongue- wielder ;-}}
UGH I HATE BEING SICK
We had such a good time last night!! Thanks!! #FF !!!!
JB imitating Adam Lambert's album cover and channeling JT on his new video... Is he going through Identity crisis? He's at the age.
Final minutes! I got a good fealing about next year:)
Unlike the #TeaParty, #occupywallstreet is NOT funded by billionaires. This is what a real grassroots movement looks like
Dig into a skirt steak wrap at the Springs Cafe today, stuffed with spring mix and avocado.
you okay babes:)x
Twitter jail? How'd end up there?
to the right people, yes - wonder if you could screen for mechanical empathy? :)
you're FAKE
Lol RT : #ThatMomentWhen I know it's definitely not my ringtone, but I'm going to check my phone anyway.
Just watched gobble a muffin in .3 seconds.
I Wanted to try stand up but i am more of a sketch comedy person
How I Met Your Mother marathon with my son all weekend. Catching up. Ba dud daa duh baa dah da dah.
Hm... Interesting turn in events. Hidden motives? Let's find out.
Hi Courtney! You might remember me from the RMF conference (I'm Danielle's friend). Finally got on this Twitter thing:)
Brother she's all country ;)
“: #AMEN RT i just reallllyyy hope my boys do some work this year. f'ckn romo man. lol” thata girl
hey there. How ya been. What's been going on. Haven't talked in a while :)
#truth ": Amongst all the other Zodiac signs, #Pisces is the most giving and self-sacrificing."
what's up vince...I am still in ATL. Let's do work
PBR chilling in Soho!
OMG- Mike Tyson is 66% Ghost Dog!
u crazy, Smoked!!
The Dorito Taco Bell taco comes out today. We have band practice.
Hi Amy! You must be the twitter "face" of snagajob. So great to connect. How are you liking your new job?
Today is #MiracleTreatDay at local participating Dairy Queens. Make sure to grab a Blizzard to support local kids!
let's have a go at draw something -AyHallebo- 🎨
My favorite orthodontist was in one.
"The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income #tax."-Albert #Einstein..that's why you need The Jordy Group to file your taxes!
There's a reason your only aloud to say so much on twitter. Because its not Facebook and we don't wanna see your life long story.
They know how to spin a good boner metaphor north of the wall, I tell you what.
I know right Im drinking on it right now!!
peaches, halved and rubbed with palm sugar and sea salt. A star anise placed in each half and then roasted till caramelized.
At the doctor with the little one. I pray these treatments help him.
Snaps and hissed have replaced the vocals here at u south
happy PI day! Also, pie day, but we replaced ours with doughnuts from the Bowery Day.
sending off a surprise package today for ☺🎉🎈
Jon Gruden called Aaron Rodgers A-Rod.
I gotta pink range, and I drive fast in the slow lane.... Awkkkk.
it's pretty obvious we need to get together for a drink again soon.
se habla engles? I said your bitch made and I should block you from this shit
mhm, oreos and milk
Yep, easy-peasy. Now MLB has to do damage control with the testing program and the players. What player would trust it after this?
how do I get on a list for ditch Friday/wet republic?! :)
Have you gone to the show in the article at the Grohmann? I hadn't even heard of it until now. Want to check it out?
putting low cost marketing solutions together for startups and small businesses
RT : I find the term "twittaration" adorable ;how bout we notify Oxford to add it in thesaurus?
why do you have to get 3k specifically?
Happy Valentines Day! Make sure to tell your loved ones how awesome they are today! :)
So Incredibly pumped to see Monta Ellis and the #Bucks tonight. Bucks have lost last 5 at the Rose Garden.
I cant wait to be a Bridesmaid for my Biffs wedding!!!!! Yayyyyy!!!!!!
UPDATE! Event activites Sat 9-26 in the Town Ctr Park begin at 11 am. Auction begins at 1 PM. Please come downtown & help!
I need some ideas for the "SECRET INGREDIENT" during the Cooking with Friends: IRON CHEF class on Saturday Night! Ready go....
If you drive a 3-wheeled motorcycle, allow me to offer you these alternatives: 1. Get a real motorcycle. 2. Stick to cars. 3. Kill yourself.
my deepest condolences to you and your family on the loss of your grandmother.
Happy Friday all! Have a great weekend
cOMPLETELY Free in mind & heart..nothing else matters.
Lol. I think I'm going to. If you're not on by the time I get back, Goodnight & Sleep well, love! x
pretty common troubleshooting strategy
Hey Zack I was glad to follow you!
Merry christmas everyone!
Stay focused on your dreams, keep ur intentions from the heart, persist, keep details 2 urself till the magic unfolds. Always b #grateful :)
Yay! We love RT : Excellent customer service Downtown Miami.
Got some needles in my face yesterday
Its hotter then hell here in indiana! Sumofa bitch!
Got for all star M.V.P!!
In line for the fright dome...
Hello. Please email your resume to or call me at 305.528.2131. Have a good weekend.
We r never more like Jesus than when we r serving others.
#Sanonofre update on the tube wear with #NCTimes Paul Sisson and activist #ACEHoffman now
good afternoon on this beautiful day! how's everyone doing?
Jimmy HAM “: Suggestions? RT Jimmy Graham needs a good nickname”
Your own interactive mobile marketing campaign for only... 12cents an hour!!!!
Not even, just an understated "Clippings, circa 1920s-1940s"
The ones who supposed to be your niggaz really don't give a fuck about you.
but I'm sure will be nice and deliver cupcakes to us all
can't wait
Hoping my daughter's Mother's gift is "Mint condition" I took her last year, hope she returns the favor!
Good Morning hope that ur bac to 100% looking 4ward to seeing that sparkle in ur smile in HD! pleased to tweet you!
Working hard to completely ignore the January Jones placenta eating story. Not listening to a word, la lalalalalalala
Exactly. Plus, emerging Big Data mining tools mean that not even industry knows how all this mobile data will be used.
So pumped for #cravelaunch at dish it up in ballard! Yay for female biz owners!
There can b a million others but when u love one, that's all u c...
I'm in my new home - Honolulu!
When do we meet? RT We should start a Siri-loving, tea-drinking club! :)
I know so much, that I know I don't know anything at all...
“La parole est d'argent, mais le silence est d'or.” - Talk is silver, silence is golden.
why yes, yes it is tash.
www.facebook.com/zakdowntown LIKE. IT!
that is really, really cool.
RT : boy when they say international, they aren't kidding. it looks like the UN in this class!!
Hopefully wasn't as bad @ video game baseball as he was @ real baseball. Atleast your neck couldn't get sore staring @ the TV..
Dreadful things have always made millionaires don't you think?
A few big, timely threes from Wichita State have them looking good down the stretch.
Rumor is that the #Packers might trade for Colt McCoy from the #Browns. Like the idea - I think Colt would be a solid backup.
Hi Diana how are you? hope excellent, you can be an excellent person to evaluate something that i am doing....
thanks man! How are you?
i work back at torrid, but its temporary until my girl gets back from having her baby. i got like 2 more months at Torrid lol
?: Who played #bass on 'Inflated Tear'-Roland Kirk,'Main Ingredient'-Shirley Horn, 'Donny Hathaway', 'Captain Buckles'-David Fathead Newman?
At the Corporate Engagement seminar for High Level Meeting on Youth!
Version 3.1 is now available. Http://www.pikachoose.com/demo
Find something to do until the drive in*
fyi that's my next purchase...
Come visit us in booth S11927!
Activate beast mode in t-minus 24 hours.
Yes. Because as you know, the 15 year old me was prone to hitting people with her car before she learned how to drive.
Are you Master of your Domain?
In the 90s, Xscape debuted BET w/no backing track! Tiny BEAT-BOXED, as Kandi, the Twins, plus 1 sang En Vogue's "Hold On"
Jason Santos making fried chicken tacos with Hank Morse on the culinary stage at #BGTravel show
I am standing in the tower of the panopticon. Can you see me?
What's the good of creating IP if you can't afford to protect it. #LPO provides cost-effective vehicle for IP protection.
i just read that tweet ha i got yo name right
don't talk bout LaLa big head sis
Early bird catches the worm. Up and at em!!
Homework. Play practice. then Work. Another funfilled day
Cause people always give me a reason to be.
Commercial audition today!
Has #Meditation effected your physical #health, or impacted your life in a concrete way?
Ayers: Tension btwn digital and scholarship: speed vs fixity and deliberation
there you go again.....trying to make me have an episode!!
on what thing?
good enough reason - where had you moved to?
come inside with me;)
#GetAustinToTheTop10 RT if you LOVE Austin's abs(;
K just inbox me ya mailing addy again.
AH YEAAHHHH SENIORS 2011! HOMECOMING GAME TONITE! WHOOHOO! still pumped from the pep rally, so excited for tonight im in such a good mood
Waiting for perry! Going to party hardy tonight:))) katy perry concert is going to b better than waking up in vegas;)
#fenwaypark will be conducting complimentary tours all day from 9am-7pm to celebrate its 100 year anniversary!
Txtin my bf! He is well......awesome!(:
hoping I can interview you before you bLoW up! LOL ....and After you bLoW up
Lol I'm so bitchy when I'm tired. I'm really not that mad, guys. I think it's nap time until brings me food home for lunch.
Listen live to as struggles to find something to talk about. This week is gonna be nuts.
Your teeth are too pretty to be a resident there. Even for a year.
Johnny's afraid of strong ass smart mouth women! He's afraid of Katie Doyle, afraid of Cara Zavaleta, now u Rachel Robinson
i feel bad for all the people who just listen to mainstream music
But had a GREAT day , & Naomie was stupid smacked !
#fridayreads MORVERN CALLAR, THE DEAD DO NOT IMPROVE, HOW TO BE BLACK
9 years=zero snakes :) you'll both love it here!!
Some days I feel like EVERYONE hates me -_- Not a text on my phone in the past 2 hours:(
Haha solid way of putting it. Certainly, Kobe can do no wrong there.
when will my chin heal?
no! It's not on private! I think you just have problems!
you and John should receive the nobel peace prize
maybe NFL believes those NFL players' reps deserved to be stained, but cldnt be proved to be suspension-worthy...
A migraine right after you got home? That stinks! Glad it's feeling better!
Josh Dupont & Francie at 8pm, no cover. $5 Cosmos, $5 champagne cocktails, $5 X-Rated Martini. Also serving desserts!
A body/bodies were found 2 doors down from my son's house, cant find it on the news...wondering what happened?
DRAKE TICKETS FROM NOW UNTIL THE SHOW SUNDAY NIGHT ON KS1075! :) Listen to win em! See you there!
Wait, Manny Para? Roenicke is using MANNY PARRA in a 1 run game? Why does he hate us?
Stay in #hostels and ask the front desk staff about free and cheap things to do! They will usually know!
"longing" is like an emotional roller coaster!! I don't know what to think or expect anymore,to hope or not to hope for them
Slow day today! What's going on in your world? Anything exciting we should know about?
- Yes, it was great bumping into you! Hope you enjoyed the rest of your trip home in Wisconsin. :)
Sadly, no. I wanted to, but I was passing by it on a bus. It looked huge, though!
It's not how good your work is, it's how well you explain it.
most definitely
we have not received an email, please send us one at . We apologize, we haven't been using Twitter lately
Love your new nickname. RT : Didn't think it was possible but using my new Dyson ball vacuum brings even more joy to cleaning.
Been good! :-) When's your next LA show?“: Thanks! It's definitely an adventurous project! Lol =P How have u been?"
How Was Your Easter Girl? :)
Goodnight everyone sweet dreams p.s today was the best birthday ever!:)
if u dont save me some
No good single malt scotch but video games and comfy chairs.
This rainy, cold weather makes me just want to stay in bed!
Sitting on the speaker waitin for Cold Cave. My ass is pumpin.
Its Jake from State Farm.
it was my pleasure....
Very nice to catch up with
When was the first known -Reparations Case-?
Why is a school zone 20mph? That seems like the optimal cruising speed for pedophiles...
I went to sleep at like 2.
The thing w/ Lincoln is he's having success because he's going w/ just 2 pitches (his best 2). Can't do that as a starter.
“: Haters hating on #Aquarius because they are the most original.”
4 more followers please
RT : If you could only follow 5 people on , who would they be? #top5tweeps (via )
haha I remember watching u run 400 at centennial invite looking back at everyone in the race!
ha tell me
I remember I used to get like that lol RT“: My phone keeps being slower and slower... I'm about to launch this shit”
Book trailer is finished...really pleased with the little musical theme. Giving some trusted eyes a look for crit, then it will be posted!
“ I would rather have a career I LOVE than a job which pays well but makes me sick......#IJS”
Excited to start my New Orleans week by seeing at tonight... Next week, NOLA w/ !!
- thanks for the Mention!
Have you purchased your 61st Annual Man & Woman of the Year tickets? valleyleadership.org #phx,
Yay! 30 Rock was renewed for it's 7th season! Sad that it's its last season though :(
Why are we watching trailers?
Thank YOU, for rocking my mind at Brick City Sound Riot!
OH: at the ballpark. "later on she's gonna be wearing nothing but that giant foam finger. "
:'( not only is hurt but i got tickets for warped tour just 2c bvb on july7 & ive ben lookin 4ward to this for so long
You need it. The relaxation will feel so much better afterward. I promise.
Thanks for the shout out! I had a great fun during your demo and look forward to seeing you again soon.
Two shows tomorrow in boston. Come. 1st at Mcgann's for a day show, then Allston for a basement show. get in contact for details
Of course, the biggest challenge to mobile location is battery life.
Is there a video of yesterday's conference?
I'm listening "Sssnakepit" by
good night!!!
. It should also lead you back to your car and have the after-hours emergency phone numbers for all the garages.
So, what do you think of our new website?
See ya later vermont.
#xen #xenserver been playing around with this tell me why am I buying vmware again?
What a cryptic Christmas message!
Excited about today's event about to kick off!
Wow!!!! 2 quick goals the and now they are up 2-1 in the 3rd! They are like sharks, they attack when they smell blood!
Well if you can't DM me you can't spam me then right.
Gunna take a shower and get ready :-)
Spent all day recovering on sunday and today is going to be great
He was leaning that way. His recruitment is far from over. Bielema ended up with guys like Gordon (Iowa) & Zagzebski (Minny).
YES and YES gorgeous all around! :)
Remember we can't have matter without energy. So what you think matters! -Heavon
yes he did!
Why don't you just tag me in it next time.
for the past week i've had one of your songs stuck in my head at night....
Ur tweets look interesting, but i dont want to follow b/c something abt ur pic bothers me.
Commission's meeting for organized group presentations will begin shortly.
Today is so screwy for me! Lol idk what is going on?!
We are open from 10:00a-5:30p today. Come and visit us for a drop in. Regular scheduled classes for Monday will be held. Happy MLK day!
With the volume turned high.
Understanding is a two-way street. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
chicago does have the best pizza! having fun yet?
When you want to hear "Oh Sheila" by Ready For The World, really only "Oh Sheila" will do.
6969696969- your so adorable :) and I love talking to u when u actually talk . Please come back into my life idk what I would do without u
go Cathy! Are you training for a race?
DJ's All DJ's if u spin in any Strip Club IDC where it is I need your email's Get at me ASAP!!!
All weather is joy division weather
RT : If I didn't have anything to complain about I wouldn't have anything to tweet about
follow me please!
Nürburgring. That is all.
By taking on the role of a historical person, does the Twitter-er always act in bad faith?
pretty darn good lol. How bout you?
Had a great bday today I love my friends. School was pretty good I can't complain
The Gallery is open from 12-6p; Creative Writing Night Workshops begin at 4:30p. See you soon!
First day of Spring Break! Come to the FFL today at 2PM to see Alvin & the Chipmunks: CHIPWRECKED!
thanks for the retweet!
hunting coyotes this morning. They will not stay away:(
So exhausted from practice :P
I think their should be a show about digital file #hoarders. If there was I'd be the star. Do I really need ad proofs from 2 jobs ago?
My kingdom for Vesuvios!
very cool! Love the inclusion of Hilton history to the project.
are you going to be in LA in early August? :)
Because He lives,I can face tomorrow!
...did he just say "libary"?
I was much happier years ago, before I discovered "Geoff" is pronounced "Jeff." I long for that sunny, innocent world of Gee-oafs.
Neighbors above me are playing Pink Floyd on the patio. Thunder is literally rattling the windows in my place.
racing for shotgun isn't childish, we still play shotgun everytime we get in the car haha
cool. Same here
Alright Boomeraholics, I want to mention you tonight at 6:45. Drop your name here and I'll try and work your in. Go for it!!! ~boomer
Mikey Novak of Brookfield East, Jake Giffhorn of Catholic Memorial and Deonta Williams of Milw. South playing well for Wizards.
quiet down back there! I' ve taken enough guff from you for one day!
Future trend: We are moving toward having more data than storage space. Might already be there.
Thanks you for following us!
Can someone buy me an otter? They are so cute!!
you should check us out! Huge fan of
haha THAT is what I was channeling :) it's actually a Shakespeare quote, go figure...
Bane, Comeback Kid, and Give Up The Ghost ready to accompany me to the gym
just got to MARTA station myself...
Anyone in #Seattle news media know what the picket line at a Westlake construction site is all about? Signs read "Meter."
Are you admittedly #decorating-challenged? Make sure to get your sense of style communicated before you get your custom-design solutions.
RT : Very cool RT : The oldest #smcsea attendee ever (96) Bill Sellers (teaches Social Media to retirement community)...
Love you man! Bad game. We need to change it. 4 in a row... We must win on Wed. Let's go wolves fan
We just hrvsted a bunch from r garden! RT : Kale arm the body against the depleting effects of stress! Whoo Hoo for Kale!!
You are a big boy. You can tell me your other issues one day over a beer.
they are sure having fun though I'm pretty sure the one at the top is Minnie
I've been waiting my whole life for right now, so why not live it up?❤
Get tips for Easter decorating, recipes and more at the #HolidayHQ Twitter party tonite at 8PM EST.
They said Gangsta Rap n Heavy Metal music causes Violence. If thatz the case, what was Charles Manson listening to? Elvis
wow, it's crowded here today with a lot of familiar faces and some new ones too! I guess people are getting down to business post #sxsw!
it sucks
Only the best restaurant ever! ;)
Thanks for the RT, !
When My neighbor sees me practicing shoulder stands in my backyard...
keep beard and stay away from impact. But golf (on a public course) is a nice game.
Dude i'm so sorry about all that shit. This is the first time that I've had wifi all tour.
i see this, & also know my cousin wants 2 send her kid 2 best schl possible. her main focus. how 2 address?
Yes, yes, yes, ! Hey, that rhymes. I'm a poet and didn't know it...haha
Down goes duke!!!
Xrays on the foot tomorrow. PLEASE DONT BE BROKEN. i will kill someone if it is. </3
never ever, not ever, AT ALL!! 😊
spread the word for my Passions by K accessories! We have great styles and variety! Thank you!! We need more followers!
Mike West "Horses can be hot"
Just thought some other BHs might enjoy them like I did.
Pops tripn man..he want me to ask fa my bike back..u know I wouldnt even trip *Red from #Friday voice ...Ctfu
oh I deff will!!!!
A: "Of course we can have that. To identify and resolve a conflict is not so easy, but it doesn't take that much time."
can i send u a hot track please
Happy St Patrick's Day everyone! Take a Min and dance today to celebrate!
OMG. It was my favorite movie when I was ~11 or so.
RT : Do i miss you? Everyday.
-___- Damn you!
Sometimes listening to what isn't said is more revealing than what people actually say...
yes just let me get the rope so i can kidnap you guys
:) all of them
Woo hoo! Unexpected book sale drops from the sky. I like those kind!
SamanthaG132 no problem!:)
We're rocking out at the UVA chapel! Come on down for some live tunage!
We had more parental involvement than past years.
Kevin Durant Finds His Groove, Has Oklahoma City Thunder One Game from a Sweep: A Fan’s Take
If Meghan had told Don to play "Taxman" off 'Revolver' instead of "Tomorrow Never Knows", he'd be, "F-ck yeah! The #Beatles!"
has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha. They ran her off Twitter.
You'll have to follow to see the #RaptureTeboNow comments.
GROWN and SEXY! 90's Throwback Music @ Rocca Bar Oct 14th. Hosted by and 'PEACE of MIND' Fri..GoDJKemo mixxing'
I felt it this time!
Mackbook Pro has arrived, loading with programs now. Our post production capabilities just doubled.
Its Take Your Dog To Work Day!!!
At the olive garden big line waiting flash my card get a table in 5 mins lol
A big #FF to my tweeter friends - am traveling in Europe and will be back next week
thanks bitches
prelim #adjunct data crunching: 15% unionized. AFT most common, but only represents 1%.
Please say happy bitrthdaycto me on your austream ! I will cry if you do ! Tears of joy <333
Hi Nathaniel, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
A thing not worth doing isn't worth doing well.
I think this is mostly a Twitter thing and that the other candidates have already overplayed it.
the #IB program is wack, 3 out of 15 exams complete. done #math for life
I am now heading out to my late lunch
I could tell a thousand people how I feel about you, not one person would understand..</3 #needs.someone.to.talk.to#
Hello! :) How r ya my friend???
Thank you to all our veterans and their families!
hey folks whats going on in this twitter world?
diet pepsi is real gross.
Blake griffin is hustling hard tonight. Playoff push
so nice of u to say! I remember speaking to ur class with hundreds of days still #SB46 and now only 7!
what the hell is a ginger? Lol?
Hey Baltimore, 1994 called. Stop doing the wave.
When you want something you can't have
Awesome! Get it girl!
it's hilarious! I love it!
are you on Facebook?
I hate when people say "over exaggerate". Getting that way with the new "re-watched" craze as well. Near that your/you're level
Arizona Integrative Wellness Coalition to be better mainstream
I do believe there is 281.. ha!(:
nah I didnt.. I see how it is tho.. Niggas
Quick bike ride before rehearsal this eve = bliss. Love this weather :)
Watching a french zombie movie, pretty good stuff so far.
Everyone blames the weatherman.
I met the most amazing man today; he lives in the mirror. WHATS UP
Well that wasn't the intended effect...dammit.
Today is a day for remembering and honoring.
Tonight's dinner special is Grilled Chicken Fettuccini; cream sauce of mushrooms, tomatoes and fresh spinach. 10.00
unfortunately...he did lol
You the female version of Chris bosh hoe.
Dear , why can't I 'retweet' photos from my feed to my followers feeds?
Little Monsters, let's trend
3 New Time-Saving Technologies
image in from katie
think about Ohio and triple that.
Leaving an hour late...today was so crazy productive I didn't want it to end! (I do, actually, have a life outside work, I swear!)
Love it!
He will be higher than a kite, and won't even realize he is in Baltimore. Of course he'll play it.
" #ThingsIDislike Liars and Cheaters! Stupid people! People that mess with those who are in a relationship cause they can't get their own!”
Hey baby, you're stealing my heart.
im the one that asked the question. they said it would be cool (;
Howard why didn't you just take your private jet?
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen.. when u think u lost ur cell phone lol..
done and done
man its looking like i'll be between chicago boston and new york, what about you? you feeling anything for that hitz joint?
Yes! Yes! Yes! / is the BEST. Everyone that works there is SO great. <3
Just got 2 new juicy suits!! Yay! So excited
Time to save some lives today at the Blood Drive! Check the new songs!
stop being mean!!!!
"Deadpool needs Wings..." that and a better origin film.
Daily GTKY question: What is your favorite 70’s song?
I love #TeamFollowBack!
This Friday 4/29, come to the OTR Recreation Center for Final Friday OTR SKATING PARTY 8-11 PM! Proceeds go to OTR Rec Center! 1712 Race St
check out for support building/repairing your shelter or dogpark
I must get to barnes and noble!
No offense, but I need intellectual stimulation and I feel stupider for just having net you
": Congrats going to the Vikings!!!". Congrats go vikings go irish
nah I think he's done with that, if anything come chill at hami :-' lol
ahahaha, taste testers!
To his credit, Beatmaster V did get a lot better between the S/T Body Count album and "Born Dead."
damaged my samsung cell, trying out he htc hero. So far so good! After watching their recent press conference I'm interested in the mini!
Good morning my tweeties how is everyone today I'm back and feeling good. New goal 10000 followers follow me i follow back
"I want you to know that I am ready to go heartbeat, my heartbeat. I want you to know whenever you are around I can't speak. I can't speak."
My one chance to meet and my parents won't take me :/
Darn, I get there at 5 pm tomorrow. You'll be killer!
Needs To Go Back On World Tour ASAP !
I'm not sure I know what you mean by that.
Maybe. At any rate, I'll try to better explain what I want in the feature request.
just downloaded your cd...wow!!! definitely no Candy Dulfer and tenor too...wow again!!!
Tired. Missed dinner. But at least the game is on and I have wine.
I wonder what kind of excitement my commute holds for me this AM???
