all the people i spent my childhood with act like they don't know me anymore.</33 thats depressing
I'd like to see no/low registration fees, insurer tax abatements for low #EV rates & fed credit to manufacturers
just wait until next year!!
leading a session for the Gates K-12 team on the intersection of philanthropy and markets
Definition of a hater: always gotta say somethin negative to me about what I'm doin -_____- lol umm ok, hi
Enjoyable dinner this evening with a randomly pulled together group of 13 aiip'ers. Something to be learned from EVERYONE!
Hey ! I love you this big is a hit back home in Saudi Arabia ! You should visit there one day : )
The weather is perfect for a visit to #lincolnparkzoo on #LeapDay! While you're out, stop by for a tour!
I'm confident can go yard all day long with those big, beefy forearms... oh, wait.
This nesting business is hard work. Especially when you're the only one in the nest.
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  50
Part of that is being in position to succeed. He's been jerked around all season.
Coffee Sleeve Ads, Earth Friendly, yet extremely effective advertising...
Dude. Listen to the 1st one from last year. Brainchild of Travis Rodgers & Seanie The Cablinasian. Priceless.
junior year makes me wanna cry
now you can add 'Author' to your work history!
Look at you, all growns up and growns up and growns up. So proud.
Favorite new hockey stat ATBF (Average Time Between FIghts), Frazer McLaren (SJ) comes in at 9:34, he has 4 Fights in 38 minutes on the ice
Lol I keep replaying #followyou , its amazing!
thank you for the #Shoutout's! Show this tweet at the door 4 two free drinks tonight!
Thanks neighbor! Cool study by colleague (and neighbor!) Matt Lieberman > Which ads are winners?
Practice = overrated.
98 on my algebra 2 test, I'll take that.
Best Casino Planning Tip - There is a HUGE difference between a casino party and a casino fundraiser. Let us help! www.speakersandeventsrus.
YES :-) Watch the Olive Garden Keek with Dave Brytus... LMAO
thanks for twisting my arms,lol stop by and peep out the ear massage.
Did anyone see MC Hammer tonight at the Hudson Hotel? Cool blast from the past.
I don't think the left is that classy. Maybe pay for their car for the back seat.
Congrats! Sounds like success!
Tracked yesterday. She's amazing, wrote all her shit off the top, with no pen and paper. Look out and
Just toured the Smith Center- and was actually brought to tears- what a gift to have it Downtown, for our children's children- Bravo!!
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
#sdmayornp "we have moral obligation to take care of veterans when they return home".
Hey really bored some tweet me
starting date masamune soon.
yea, I was wrong. That was pre combine rating. Damn!!!!!
Kind of got locked out today. In the rain. And cold.
if the project doesn't get 100% funded all of the money you contributed is refunded to you
Oh I wanted to tell you I finished 1Q84 and I loved it beyond 140 characters. Thank you for the recommendation.
Well, back to the old grind.
Oh. I have to work at 6... Hm.
Shout out to my bro follow him!
Rick Siskey - Beware of the person you become in pursuit of your goals.
I wouldn't want to do that to you as you look so good in orange...
Animal Lovers Make Tail-Wagging Music With 'Pet Rox' Band - DNAinfo
we need more true fans.. Not just when they win
Dang, oh well lets go see battleship! :)
My arms are quivering
fight the urgin! stay a virgin!
What the hell...smh.
Boutta take a nap right quick
I MISS NEWT GINGRICH
Don't wake me, I'm dreaming!
Avery Bradley is a poor mans Russell Westrbook
...and Scott Boras.
RT : I'm learning this lesson lately: Don't underestimate what God has ALREADY put inside u & the people around u. Hidden treasure!!
sounds good
The #DesignProLunch #Dallas Twitter list has moved to its new home! All you pros, check out /Dallas.
I love mowing it 1.helps my dad 2.gives me a mini workout 3. Gives me a sun tan .<3
Heart filled with confusion...
Today I'm going just be working on my resume for acting and download new music for tonight at big nose Kate's love being alone 😔
lol. The answer is no in my book. Lol
Behind closed doors . I've never said anything bad about yu .
Merry Christmas to you!
Study break! Starting the 3rd season of One Tree Hill.
Going to the gym to work off some of this stress
Tomorrow should be a good day.
You got that right.
thanks for follow DJ legend..let us know where u play at
Got stiffed, still an awesome day though. :)
ernest scared stoopid
LOVING seeing my girl in #chicago!
RT : 30-40% of WSJ content on a given day is NOT behind the paywall. All video is free.
what about today
Just felt the loveliest shiver upon walking into a sea of Columbia Blue. Congrats Class of 2012!!
Opinions? Smoller "The Other Side of Normal"
YEA UH HUH I SAW IT. THAT GONE MAKE ME... LOL YES I HAVE TO FIX THAT PROMO AND INFORM PPL THE NEW DATE
Those kind of ideas tend to be the good ones though!
Talked with State DOE yesterday. They still haven't made decisions re: innovation fund.
My self esteem is dangerously low.
i love you too baby :) now quit tweeting and go to sleep. my phone's volume is up and i get ur tweets to my phone ;)
Good morning to you as well ::hugs:: I couldn't take him this morning.
Have a wonderful Sunday Emma. I hope it's sunny outside <3
"Irony" is not unusual coincidence. "Irony" is something that is the direct opposite of what is usually meant or expected.
"A truly free and just society will be one that promotes women as homemakers and mothers, nurses, teachers, secretaries and cheerleaders."
Emily Reese will be filming BABYLU in the Moreno Valley, an independent coming-of-age story about a young girl with a mountain-man father.
I love mail!
I Can Only Imagine: "You're a beast. You're a beauty. Man I bet somebody dunn gave Cupid an Uzi. Shoot me."
Hey can someone tweet me because I'm in 4 hour and I don't like this class. If you like justin bieber tweet me.
You need to reach out to - they are awesome at finding new music and getting it out on Twitter.
Didn't even make it one lap.
dishes are such a never ending thing aren't they! lol
those are prety toasty
Lascel Woods has a beautiful voice :)
damn yea I need to dig that one up from the crates! Speaking of, I'm giving away most of my vinyl collection 2 !
": WORD UP #YouGettinPunchedIf you fuck with "
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Just watched this week's episode of Community. One of the most amazing things I've ever seen on TV. Watch it now!
Yup, Pittsburghese is well known around here.
Just got my tickets for 's Jan 27th show in Boston!
Learned the new term 'proofread that bitch'! i'm ready for the drag ball now. thank you zebra katz!
Saw a video with awesome audio sounds from upcoming music producer...
perfect can we do a Friday?
learning a little python & pyramid tonite
The value of informal learning methods increases as learners gain expertise ... Per
watching survivor :)
Getting use to this new phone
agrees<3 cant get much hotter;)
If I had #dinnerwithbarack I'd ask him if he remembered me. Then I'd order the most expensive item on the menu.
#Nothingfeelsbetterthan working somewhere that you love! , a Leading provider of talent acquisition software
source of 80 % down? Don't have one do you.
A ray of sunshine, a balmy breeze Are a gift from God above, And He also gives us faithful friends. To warm our hearts with love.
getting ready for a front page Father's Day story about a rice farmer who's survived cancer four times.
Fuck it I don't need a singer, I'll sing on my own track
Don't forget tomorrow is Rubie Tuesday!!! That means get two piercings for the price of one including basic jewelry!
In elementary I was voted most devilish child... BUAHAHA!.
Have you read "The 80/20 Individual" by Richard Koch? You quoted Pareto in that past post tweet...a great read.
": Guys, you know what's insane? That the 1970s happened." Right?!? Way freaky. The clothes, the cars, the TV shows...:)
Earl sweatshirt in the A.M only way to make though the day at Klein Oak
WOO!! Everytime yall do sumthin, we come back and do somethin better. RONDO!
In the studio gettin it in
Stop saying. Ignacio sounds like something from #HarryPotter lol
Ha ha. You're the second one to mention that.
Got our hair did... right?
Ya think?? :) >> MT : I'm suffering from a bit of "sports overload" lately.
Wade & Coach Spo goin at it..who u think wins that one there? smh
#alliwantis sunshine so people can eat and drink outside already!
watching Tim Robbins' band, what s nice evening. He's amazing and his band is to die for!
"Cause I'll get all in ur a$$ Dexter and not the way u want me to" beauty salon scene #PoeticJustice LOL
The mind-clutter is preventing me from focusing! I need some air!
:) <3 thanks. We're very excited as well.
Hey boy hey!
I'll be up for atleast another half hour haha but thanks :)
Baby Bash is back at 5pm Round2!!
Is EVERY other county BUT Fayette getting out of school this week?
you are so awesome!
Is auto-follow the devil?
the #Mets Scott Hairston hit for the cycle yesterday! Of coarse, now that hes not a padre he does that
There is no singing anymore, everything is yelling and shouting and rapping and that is real boring to a guy like me. - Bach
Early mornings, Late nights.
I can never clean my room without being distracted by all the cool stuff I find.
Dunbar punt return for TD- missed extra point ... Dunbar 13 Coolidge 7.....
The kuhf pledge drive really makes me miss ktru.
Hahah yea I almost passed out also. It was a blast.
that whats up
I HATE SCHOOL WITH A PASSION.
Give your friends and family a great meal! Hit "Share" - when they "Like" our page, we'll give them a FREE Small Traditional Pie!
Didn't hear pens cry when Rangers kneed Staal earlier this season. It's hockey shit happens.
#Isles starters: Montoya in net; Hamonic and MacDonald on D; line of Tavares, Moulson and Parenteau
Current Norfolk Rotation: Chris Tillman, Joel Pineiro, Steve Johnson, Richard Zagone, Jason Berken. Bound to change again soon.
A car accident, a divorce, painkillers, Tori Amos
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 55
Big Bear, CA. Hop, skip, and a quick little jump.
Another beautiful Blessed sunny day in Southern Cal!!!
“: Work is what I'm doing when i'm not working...” All Day!!!
First Boston Legal and now Harry's Law.
Were Looking to get our Label Officially up and running with releases and website by the beginning of May!
This weekend's special is a large two topping pizza for $5 when you buy any large Austin's Original. Use code bogo5 online
You give to the world your greatest gift when you're being yourself.
on the #todayshow! love that it means #community is back!
Looking forward to it RT : Merci pour ce re-tweet Carl !!! We need to talk soon :) Di
I wish a cop would pull me over and say "nice driving back there."
gosh I have an obsession with smiley faces. I find them less annoying than people who say haha or lol 2 times every message they send
Show your support for independent artists!
why is amy fisher on celebrity rehab? Since when are criminals considered celebrities?
I got a nine and ten and a three. So before lunch? And lunch...
'Just to soak it all in/ and smooth it out as well/ I caught a glimpse of heaven/ its beautiful as hell'
#dhtrial Several PM's answered: Yes I worked season 3 standin/photodouble/ insert shots, Yes I knew both Marc and Nic. both were good to me.
learning about game theory on iTunesU and processing a collection with original Lincoln Center plans...Monday is turning out to be great!
Thanks, Jay! Where's our "like" option on Twitter...still figuring this thing out. ;)
I started on a design but I cant get them printed here/just 2 much & dnt want to ask coworker again/owe him type of thing yk?
well he picks up on a girl with mcnuggets ...but he's no Aaron Rodgers
Why do bouncers always ask 'is it just you girls?' No, its us and all those dudes in the back of the line.
lol nah gshytt..who is feeding u these lies
a do anybody know if that new teen wolf come on tonight
It's a Hard knock Ginger life, for me!
I think I'm just going to listen to the muppets all morning
Doesn't matter if I'm thin or fat, long hair or short, or what I'm wearing. It happens with some regularity.
#ipad2 just came walked inside Best Buy in Princeton--I'm number 4 in line!! Yep!
i cant wait to meet you(;
Thank you to the stranger who posted a 5 star review of my novel #Beyond the Summit on amazon today. An adventure story set on
congratulations! I'm following you and paying attention!!
NFC Championship will be better than Super Bowl.
Pharrell Williams, one of the greatest producers of our time and one of my favorite artists, literally just made me want to throw up.
Adding facebook integration to BuyPlayTix.
could someone tell me why like every other UW school has spring break this week but us? ours isn't even for 2 weeks!
Everything about Padma annoys me -- mostly her delivery and choice in tube top dresses.
Why does my basement smell like burning popcorn? And why do I like burnt popcorn?
Pouring a 40 for the death of my PoF account. It multiplied my hopeless feeling by 100.
Spring is in the air... meeting to talk about this year's Earth Day plans this morning. Yep, already that time of year again.
yeah, I'm going to post them.
Although there was a line about "don't worry they wont be able to see you at night"
How can I help you-What problems have you seen-What answers are you looking for...oh and Hello
Thanks for the beta help!
Thank you!
yeah, I actually referred back to my NLM background check to get some of the older addresses, but remember you had more trouble!
liked the feature on the Army LB. Was questioning it at first but good stuff... booked my hotel for Tallahassee, btw.
Good work. And thank you!
Emancipation Day was the 15th, Tax Deadline Today!
T pain flow. All I do is when
loved the show tonight Jean. Waiting for the project.
I know it's too late now but in the future I can donate $5 for each referral for #AdvoCare business cards www.bit.ly/awerm
do you know how long it takes when i order ipad2 from online?
jus put all ya business out there lol jp
lebrons hands in my avi look like they're my hands.
I agree! rt vienna! Jake was simply trying to make amends...he seems sincere while vienna seems deceptive and unkind.
Oh wow! I'm behind the times. Let's do it! we can try out our #SpeakEasy theme since costumes are encouraged.
Tried to go to website.Ever think about an internet station.We are the first and largest,CyberStationUSA.com
Too grown for the bullshit.
RT if you think should have a reunion tour with the family
RT Life is like a carpool lane, you get to your destination much more quickly when you take some people with you. Like that.
I was trying to think outside the box for Mother's Day gifts but...I got nothin'.
Skipping the eating off the belly n smelln pits
thanks for the awesome talk!
“: I heard good things about The Grey Goose on Jefferson, so Ellen & I stopped by. I like.” great pizza and patio
Not too excited about Beauty and the Beast on The CW. Why remake something that did not work the first time on CBS?
GreenWays Trails Fund
Cool. Most likely I'll release a free snippet for custom_functions.php with simple instructions. Stay tuned!
yea I'm a running back lol
Just leaving work. How is it?
She can drop that number in my DM
glad our last tweet was a favorite for you, your support helps
did you catch our set??
Ironic that they call it spring break because I'm getting ready for a 6 am lift before 9am boxing. #Dedication 7/7
hahahha. But we needa chill son !
We are not a friends,but not pare.We are just from side.We can't leave without each other,and we can't be together
Cruisin with the bros. Gonna be so sick. Might not survive.
For Christmas I want to get you some new commentators.
Yeah, I'd say the C's chances are much higher to win.
Im a 80's baby but the 90's was the shit
im going to miss that long hair <3
before you...
It honestly would, because every #REAL belieber should have a chance to see in concert:) right?
Chrysler is playing second fiddle to GM and Ford though
Ugh Long Day.. I hate college so much.. make me feel better! :D
u hoopin bro
lol well we're in contact now!!!
Oh I'm having a lovely decaf espresso with lemon tweeest! Courtesy of Natasha
18 and Life on the radio
BABY LEAVE THE WATER BY THE BED FOR LATERR <3333
Thanks Mike! #FF Have a good weekend. :)
Wait, if we do go tomorrow what time?
We have to wonder what kind of city we'll leave students if our revenue's just going to debt and tax breaks.
i freAking hate people that dont answer texts
We just made it to 716 followers!
I just placed a donate key on my roadtosturgis.net. Please donate to the ride we are short of sponsors and any amount will help.
Best player in baseball H2R
We still love you ; ) xoxo
getting ready for a meeting at the cosmo
The drawing for Megamillions is in about 20 minutes! Good luck if you bought tickets!!
Bear Down Candice!! Look out for the real wildcats next year.
oh and we drove the new Genesis Coupe, Equus, and Veloster! :)
I'm training to be a competitor for a team. I know what I need to work and focus on to get there. I can do this.
Is it wrong that I hide my MamaPita leftovers from the rest of my family?
I try to behave but sometimes it's hard to do.
And I will be strong, even if it all goes wrong.
Congrats to Stacy Fuller, Western Region Art Museum Educator of the year.
schedule for nakba cup is wrong on your site.
Its a great book call age of the beast and its under new projects lanuch everybody had to start somewhere even Tyler Perry ask for help ...
your so lucky u met will! I'm so jealous :) he's amazing but so are u :) well have a good day
I don't remember him doing that in my dream, but it's quite possible he did that....my god I hope he did....
looking for quince dresses ;)
Can't wait for P.E tomorrow!!!!!! Bring on the waterworks! Haha jk.
I'm not hungry now.
my volunteer job may B a payin job by th end of th week say a prayer 4 me
Twitter Me This & Twitter Me That <3
Thanks for following us! Your work looks great
An iced licorice drink - I'd have needed better lighting to get a proper picture
naw just trying to be witty... Maybe failing...
Aren't you struggling with millenial membership ASTD? Stop referring to us as "them" and maybe it would change. Move fast and we'll be here
RT : RT : hire good people and get out of their way!
That still has to be sorted out. One professor basically said I could do whatever I want, haha. He's a geologist though.
that sucks - cuz you've had some great posts today!
how that tally life treating you
You wake up in Chicago.
Happy birthday!
I've never seen His dog shoot film… no interest in it… but it seemed trite & sad attempt at shock art, which I feel is beneath me
Reading is for idiots, if something is good, they'll make a movie. If it's subtitled you're kind of fucked though.
Happy Mothers Day <3
I been Watchin the show #BreakingBad man this is a good ass show anybody watch it. Im always lit when I watch it you got to be
No more ginger hair for moi.Dying it back to my natural color!(:
DITCHING! Naw she liked me :) It was easy cause i had it last year. And i needed an E on paticipation to graduate
painting :D
follow me UR amazingly talented and absolutely gorgeous I live you fam. <33 xoxox Watching UR show right now love you
Is is really happening? Dare to dream of title number 20?
"if you were a dolphin I would totally stick it in your blow hole"
#ArmLegLegArmHead Peace to the Gods & the Earths. Get your math on.
I think Pepsi Max is becoming my new fav. "Energy" drink
Markelle Martin brought the boom there!
RT “: Obama is capitulating so much that he has decided to vote for Rick Perry.”
Red for love. 💋
Flying solo today Hate this. Not nearly enough time for twitter and words with friends.
Only My Mom would Go home walking from the gym -.- #ImTried I Need A Ridee Homee!
Nice. Very smooth.
Rise and shine #Madison!
Watching Rio with my brother :)
sounds great. Looking forward toot. Thanks.
I was going to buy Extra Innings this year, but I don't know if I can take watching this terrible #Rockies pitching all year
I might as well let them read my diary.
www.MyZooRadio.com check out our past shows! And follow
Being woken up at 9:30 by my cat? She's cute and all but seriously Jewel, I would like to sleep.
We all serve as an important piece of the HubSpot puzzle, and we fit together perfectly
Oh God, please don't tell me people out there are using Trayvon Martin as a means to hurt other people...
#youngkidsshouldbebannedfrom from using technology during the summer. go outside and play kids!
I got to hang out with Kenji Sugahara.
Thinking I might be too old to be watching the #VMAs. Oh well.
Do not make plans or promises if it is not guaranteed...
Nothin much and you ?
We will be releasing the first song from our new EP "The Heavy Crown" very soon... stay tuned!
Rempiss Percussion Quartet bringing A game @ Hideout right now. Tim Daisy you are ridiculous.
The new is pretty awesome. I miss the place I went to for the last ~25yrs, but still like the new.
I need a boy to play with
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha I found it in my house and I just had to.
Since many transactions occur online these days, set your company apart by how you interact w/ customers who are actually in front of you!
Using a trash can to elevate my legs and "borrowing" a random ice pack from the break room.
To Succeed in life, you need three things A wish bone, a back bone, and a funny bone
Superbowl Sunday..... friends, family, food and frothy beer. Good frackin beer! Have fun and be safe tweeps!
I am listening to interviewed on WNHU about social media
Sure! Cool story.
Philip Crosby says "Quality is the all-important catalyst that makes the difference between success and failure" ;)
haha I love it!
Would you want me if my favorite day was Thursday....
Learn to start or boost your bakery business without leaving your living room! Order your copy of the Business of Baking Seminar DVD...
Water broke this morning! Working on getting some regular contractions going. Pain is good! Well, today.
told you to drop out!!
no problem!
Ames! Feel free to use the hashtag:
she missed you. we had a long talk today about how to play a youtube video. RT thx for coming again, tho we missed your mom.
hopefully they can get their act together and win tonight's game or we might not see another home game this year
Thank you! If I knew where that was... :)
So (fingers crossed) it looks like there's a good chance I'll be starting culinary school on Tuesday!
we will see Saturday at the highlight factory.
oh yeah imma look to cute tommor
I was watching someone swing outside of lines and then everyone cheered so I assumed first time. Pretty sure it was you!
because I went through a bad break up a few months ago and I don't want to deal with anyone elses
Direct right. Then another young Scandinavian kid two to my left, and all the dish across from me: (
Sound Check*
What Gucci Nigga
Nom Nom Nom I Want Some Chinese Food YUMMY!!!! :D
Bout to go fool
So... my indoor football team, Soccer Stars, begins with the play-offs tonight. We'll do our best +1. Wish us luck!
fingers crossed it's sooner-than-later!!!! :)
Dropping a country's rating three levels=poor prior analysis of that country....
Defense proceeding with witnesses who saw Love hit #Huguely with her purse in exchange days before her death.
Soccer game at 11:30. Let's get it.
Wait it's Friday and Oakland is quiet?
How is it that I've managed to work at two offices that eat lunch at 11 a.m.? This cannot be normal...
Freeway being shutdown and driving on 'E
Gah I shouldn't be going out ...
Thank God !
The secret of success is to do the common things uncommonly well. - John D. Rockefeller
Wokeup quick @ about noon just thought I had to be in ChiTown soon I gotta get drunk b4game begins b4MattGarza starts pitchin bout myfriends
Good job Neil in Pit Bull your Boy H
It won't happen since its on TNT. They'll wait until 8 p.m. to switch it to that game.
All caught up with tech now! ... Thanks
Major fundraiser for the President at Tyler Perry's home tonight... $35,000 per ticket... Who's in...
idk something anything otherwise your life is just a waste
your cover is blown. Dump this profile and try again ,)
Wonderful idea!
4:54 Fran time a PR As Rx, am coughing now
I see that now, thanks. Makes a lot of sense.
no way! I dont want to!
Now I am wondering how pissed me off so bad that im on my back porch in my undies drunking a 24 ounce Busch Light ............
Los angeles: where there are more cars than people in the streets
Thanks for stopping by!
RT: “: Frankly, it's a lot easier to spend your life doing pointless shit. But it's also spending your life doing pointless shit.”
Anonymity is a powerful tool for trolls. RT : A lot of people following me have no Twitter icon. To me, you are all faceless eggs
Every person has the power to make others happy
DO YOU MISS SEATTLE?? :) can't wait to see you in Phoenix! <3
I have a pair of Gir slippers
I'm far past depressed sad hurt pissed I feel like the phoenix bird loose for the very first time with all that fury
That concert is gonna b unreal!
Private tour this morning then Easter Bonnet! So excited! :)
will do
Out for dinner to celebrate our two year anniversery.
Happy Birthday Kurt Cobain .. 45th.. good music died along with you. <3
ProTect Painters = proud sponsor of KUT 90.5 just mention you heard us and we'll take $150 off your next project of $1000!
RT Congrats Oskar Blues, Firestone Walker, Full Sail, The Bruery, Maui, Lakefront, Weyerbacher & Black Diamond on GABF medals
agreed $ is spent on scouting and player devlpmnt. But what has this produced for fans. One decent team every 4 or 5 yrs?
😡😲lmao that parents for you psh I remember I went to prom last year I didn't come home till 5am lol
Had an awesome time at Jazz for Justice last night! Looking forward to playing at Bistro 135 from 7-11pm. Come hang!
*waits for Brian to say something*
Watching "Total Leadership: Be a Better Leader, Have a Richer Life" presentation organized by Thanks Dr. Friedman
Project looks AWESOME!! Keep us all in the loop. If you get less than an A, we'll send Courtney there to be mean 2 peeps!
I was colouring with an old marker and it scratched against the paper and it sounded like dubstep...
For free moustache trims your team can visit any participating Kennedy's location. We want to show our support!
"It's important to remember that in nature, there isn't symmetry, but balance" Maria Cristina Jimenez class love!
I just want to find like the most perf icon and keep it forever.
Another great Gareth track. Wait until u hear the remixes!
My geckos ran away : ( WTF who's geckos run away?!?
48% of organizations have made tablets available to employees #letsgetmobile webinar poll
Down points: Cheesy CGI. heroine doesn't really kill anyone (only a bit). Design sometimes over the top (still amazing)
We need not think alike to love alike. Francis David
But now. I have never seen him so excited. A lifelong Lions fan. Its amazing. Thank you! Great work! And dont stop now!!!!
u first :)
I really enjoyed the videos I watched
I hate awkward turtles, and why is the ninja turtle tryin' to holler at you? Fuck that noise
This is taking too long.
thank u love!!
S/O to for being cool as hell
I almost slammed my finger in my desk drawer...nail is sore... thank God it didn't break. I must be more careful 💅👼
Yes, you CAN get famous soaps by in Scottsville. Check out Charmed Butterfly Boutique and Scottsville Farmers Market!
: definitely #ww by any indie author interested in the triad: discoverability, exposure, & traction, critical watchwords for all.
Hallmark Channel is having a I LOVE LUCY MARATHON AL DAY
Chow baby on my agenda..
I LOVE YOU THX!
You used to reply to my tweets. Did I do something wrong? I can change!!
i wonder how many stink bugs ive sleepily ingested since living in pittsburgh
Check DMs please :)
We have a quick video on the home page but its short so it moves fast. Good idea on the how to page!!
Mason-Dixon line somewhere south of Farmington right? RT : because ya'll speak their dadgum language n such.
Holy mother of god it's almost 11:45.....well... im going to bed(; night tweeps💜 Get to listen to thunder💚💚💚💚⚡☔⚡
Anbody wanna do some of this chem oydessey for half the cash ??
Nothing lined up right now, but would love to make it up there sometime soon!!
My room was vandalized last night! Someone, daughter and friends, broke in a placed b-day wishes all over.
I love being with the #MONKEYS in the
Dark Knight or The Changeling had the best Cinematography!!!
My dad wants me to go to prom.
“: These nights spot Venus - it's a must. Bright as she gets, in the twilight dusk..." too bad I live in Los Angeles :(
like it has nothing to do with She is a distraction. You Sir, nailed it
You deserve! The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it but what they become by it!
who invited you to this conversation though?
Philip's house.
“:senior”we all can't be light, cute, skinny or whatever but we r all GODS children
Yup. RT : Was 's "Uptown" track harder than "Successful"?
RT not sure where i'm gonna end up when i go out so i pack clothes just in case
figured it out hun! I'm followin u again
Welcome to another Monday! How was everyone's weekend?
Instead of focusing on Obama you shoukd be talking about how we can get rid of him.
It was hard to see the Brewers lose last night, but they still gave us an exciting season and I'm glad they're part of Milwaukee
I'm about to punch you..
Yes, but conveniently omitted the put to death part!
excellent choice...any others....
The worst is over. All I have left is to build the set of Top Dog Underdog, my SPT for Stage Combat, and the Santa Clarita Shakespeare Fest.
#DAMLA users want a Google-like experience with DAM
I'm rolling sweets and smoking sour. Girl if you roll one for me, give me an hour.
The flu is in our house, but I am choosing to not participate with it.
that's what canadian girls do? Sims? ;p
Holy shit people change
No problem dude. How is the new keg?
isnt that basically our cellphone? Except externally.
If they defuse by agreeing, I am totally OK with that.
your so young
This day needs to move faster!
Harper on fire
I cant wait to listen , Thank you so much ... :)
i feel like hiting that zombie
A plancharme el pelo o o o o o o o o o o o o o
I think it'd be the coolest thing to have either Morgan Freeman's voice or the British narrator from Planet Earth
what are you up to? :)
What it says: 3-5 paragraphs. What I read: 3 paragraphs.
Good and it was alright :) wbu?
U go to Grammys? We need to talk Whitney, I'm engrossed.
you bugged out last episode i was crying...this bitch kristen was running like wwwwaaaaaaa lmao thank you for that
I'll be there this weekend!! Thur-Sunday!
I miss talking to Brian, it's been like 2 months . :p
RT Oh no.... I think I'm coming down with something...
Thanks for following and
So glad you enjoyed it!
JOIN US TOMORROW! MLK March & Rally.
Always happy seeing Keena Pearl
thank goodness.
#DontYouHateWhen The main character dies in a movie.
it's not on for me :/
#LateNightLesbiansRadio #LateNightLesbiansRadio #LateNightLesbiansRadio RAPPERS Tune In Tonight & Showcase Your Skills With Us
they were. Finally starting to get better. Thank God.
Hope to see a win for tomorrow! Best of luck & everyone
I'm guessing that my lean pockets aren't that healthy for me
Just received a large shipment of Brazilian Blowout products. Come in and stock-up before they fly off the shelf.
not a thing what it do
I sent u a request (Kp)
Late night happy hour from 10:00PM to 11:00PM! Play some shuffleboard and have a cheap pint with us!
you look like a landscaper in your photo :P
I gotta be ccareful at work might catch sum sexual harrasment cases tryna flirt HA!
omg when you put quotation marks next to the words "Global Warming" it makes me want to go pee in the snow with joy.
What a beautiful day to say
Ignore the haters and Just smile <3 either way she's making herself look dumb cause you actually did tget alotta numbers :p
Speaking as the generation Y panelist at the Prince William Chamber of Commerce generational summit this morning.
im tired but i wanna do something tonight......
About to watch the Heat tear up some nicks, time for to throw down
“: ooh i was gonna say. but yea i feel ya” Yeahh mengg
A real man ends a relationship before he starts searching for another one.
Finished analysing a clients results.Now watchin Liverpool FC match 4 Hillsborough memorial hope the families get the justice they deserve
Panda hungry.
oh . well i feel dumb now . oopsies !
Pshh. Why bring up the past?
#always you should be happy! 👍
ok let's see here : JOEY "randomtweeting adventurespectacular" CAMM
TREE INFO-In a natural setting, decomposing leave litter gives trees nutrients. Get lawn out from under your tree and replace with compost.
Woaaah, One Direction look-alikes at my dad restaurant! o: asdfghjjkl
hey no homo I just wanted 2 know if u knew why twitter would suspend a acount
me2 its like a long time we didnt talk
I want some
my cat thinks that i am his official 'rubbing up against' post and that my bed is his bed
Should Mitt Romney speak out about Mormonism? Experts vary
Happy birthday!!! Hope it is fabulous!
Be the positivity you seek, and watch the universe yield it back to you in every aspect. -LT
lol I always tweet the wrong people on accident!
We recommend following (our director) and (our composer)!
Subscribe to GraceAndChristine on YouTube!! If you do I'll give you a shout out!!!
We made our way up to the attic. The water was rising too quick. I was able to close the door down. And I held the door down with a stick...
Taking a break from this work.....
Miss you doll : /
Delete. Delete. Delete.
how come the tv and radio announcers don't trade off and go back and forth like they used to?
Any young artist... Looking for a home... Follow <<< this company got it So Swagg
Coming down to the final minutes here. Stay on the page till the clock runs out. You're gunna wanna see this. /te
OCLC survey: 87% of institutional archives reports to library; 70% responsible for records management
At Bob Rohrman Ford getting my car looked at. I may not make it out alive if my brakes go out again...
I could! I hear b-dubs has an amazing selection?
Neva See Me Plankin Less I'm On Your Boyfriend. . .Llls
Raven Tools, just found out about this, super Awesome!
This weekend already craaa!
yes for sure. I'm in NYC this wknd otherwise evenings or up in CT what's ur sched? Xo
what movie? If u don't mind me asking
Fire. Helps.
Trying to bring timeline down <1 month for getting HW in for hosting.
Monday has me hustling like crazy for clients and indicates it will be a very busy week before I can take my Spring Break.
In civil rights training. The slide has a cartoon pic of a black man with an afro, gold chain and angry look.
yeah I remember you too. The other night I just kept thinking I knew you from somewhere
I'm just starting to get into that album. Say It Right is also really good too.
I thought artes changed his name to " meta world peace"......shouldn't he at least live up to that?!
Excuse me for not feeling sad for JoPa. He was a good coach, but he was not a great man. He did nothing while kids were raped & molested.
completed project in Dallas for Mpls-based client. Produced panel discussion with leaders in radio, film, stage, and symphony.
my brother and I just said same thing!
[sing with me] "How do you solve a problem like Scalia?"
North Carolina's Stilman White's play reminds me a lot of
,Justin Please followback Me,Love This son
don't even risk pitching around Calhoun. give him the free pass.
Greetings, Twitter world! xD
I think hatred of others is their core value-Try to make us want to stoop 2 their level with their viciousness
oh boy. last minute of play in game 7. Rangers still lead by 1
aww thanks steve! :)
Hey -- is it Talia, as in Tuh-leah.... or TALia?
Hate is just Love at its highest peek. Remember that.
Last night I had a dream that I was suffocating. This morning I woke up with my chest all congested :(
Aye i like freaky girls .
Truth: RT : is doing an amazing job teaching the intro to HTML and CSS for
Jus got up drunk as shit head spinnin....last night was a good night
celebrates its founder, operatic voice + visionary, Dorothy Maynor, Sat. April 21 12noon-4pm.
Just saw two of the guys from The Wanted unimaginably hammered stumbling out of saddle ranch into traffic. Good look.
Careful what you ask for! RT alanhahn: Pacers fans chanting "Beat the Heat" as Indiana closes out series vs Magic.
Can You Spend It?
thank you! <3
Wake Up In Your Makeup in the ONLY Board Certified Permanent Makeup and Instructor in Las Vegas! Make your appointment with the best!
We congratulate Jean Dujardin & the film "The Artist", and everyone who received an oscar last night !
phone punch.
Absolutely. I have 3 kiddos in CitySchools! ;o) They are worth 5¢ RT : speaks in favor of bottle tax increase
Thank you for the follow! I look forward to reading your insights as well.
Watching American Idol...they sound pretty good!
Workin' out w' my favorite team, the MARINES!
Good times at forest lawn cemetery. Ps CK Tea later...?
Uh yeahh, today makes it 318:D
Development, is like being under construction but much lonelier and with fewer enraging cat-calls
Just so you know. we are not heavy news driven and are moving towards content creation for boomers.
I don't appreciate how people think ima bite my tongue & censor shit because they to afraid of the truth
the gym need to be gettin ready 4 u lol
Every minute, every second, every hour of the day Iyiyi Every hour of the day Iyiyi Everytime that I'm away Iyiyi Missing you
LOVE the Priority Inbox. This totally makes up for Wave.
Sports thought of the day (STOD): I have the utmost respect for sports statisticians.
Thanks Thanks to you my Amazon Wishist (21st century version of the pile of books you want to read) is now significantly longer.
Subway takes forever
I love listening to Spanish versions of songs. Hardcore worldwide.
follow us
I determine how good my life is by the food I eat and the bed I sleep in.
Im the shit bitch you the paper i wipe with
Yup! “: Seriously... Even if you aren't a sports fan, the drama right now at the World Series is amazing. Turn to ”
Jordan Taylor is the most overrated All American candidate in the country.
DM no need to be sick over Barkley announcement, he's coming back. What a wuss.
u r 2 hours ahead from me.. but i heard that everyone found it :))
Full House >>>
#UCDA don't put all your eggs in the facebook basket
CONGRATS, Mel!
That bitch be my stuffing... Like we really be fucking !!!
Reports Dwight Howard asks to be traded to Nets
Louis Daguerre, as in daguerreotype photographs
Refreshed, renewed, recharged and diving into this mountain of work! God's grace is sufficient.
I love going to the gym at this time
Come by Hearthstone Coffee House & Pub for a Lugar for Congress reception from 6-8 tonight. Open to the public.
Make Your Own Fashion Headbands for Girls and TeensJust Share - headbands for teens
Come to the 'Burbs, too! RT Just drove by #rva food truck court. Slammed. Richmonders want good, affordable, convenient food.
well you're the pastor so I'll go with it! ;)
yeah bro i got you
When it comes to treating fleas in pets-read all labels & administer product according to directions-don't miss a dose.
Sorry I missed you guys! Catch you next time for sure!
I'm totally into the show, Murder She Wrote.
Remember: if you have me on speed dial, you can get me on the phone b4 the lawman gets to your window! 713-222-7577. Put it in your cell!
yup, I tend to weave back and forth from historical content to current events... to keep them hooked.
Ain't it just a beaut' ?
True Greatness!
Marveling at Gerry Passannante's new book: ms transmission as the history of atomic/alphabetic collisions. Fabulous.
Thanks sweetie!
My parents are making me go to a highschool called "ScITeK". Might as well slap a nerd sticker on my head.
ewww u guys are nasty! dirt all over the pizza sauce lol yall are brave
yeahh cuz were both use to grouplove since its their song
bord just got home from skool
I dig your new Twitter profile pic! would this be an appropriate place to say
went looking for a copy of Grapes of Wrath, published 1939, Steinbeck died in 1968, it's still not public domain. Kindle book $16 WTF?
Signed up for the St. Patrick's Day "Shamrock 5K"...even though I haven't run more than a block since last year's run. Lazy much?!
lol tell me about my Bff bre said hi lol?
Link for the poll?
Wow, I never knew I had so many fans. You all are so great. Now let's see another #Packers win!
Let us know when it is finished. We will help spread the word on our Twitter & Facebook!
I Bet You Anything You Won't See This.: It Would Make MY Day To Reply+Retweet!!:) Thanks♥
Happy Birthday ! Caw!
let me know when you want to work something, out what type of event would you like sponsored?
i wish everyday could be like today! :(
here honey how are you? “: Where my peepz at?”
in order to ensure i "score" with my hand tonight for v-day, i secretly gave myself a few roofies. (jk im being all romantic and shit)
Sitting at the outside bar enjoying a brewski watching the Tribe!
Hm, somebody better tell the people in Fort Worth they're getting robbed then. I know we use to love not getting taxed on food.
Play is now 23 pages long. Life is about to change. I am applying to law school. Perhaps one day I will be your entertainment lawyer.
I'll TAKE IT!!!
"baseball is new englands game" - actual quote from outside the lines today. New England arrogance never ceases to amaze me
the lack of originality disappoints me.
well good night everybody
Therapeutic For Your Relationship
Couples that refer to each other as "Mommy" and "Daddy" are fucking weird.
I love how people use social networking as a platform to voice their complaints.
I haven't seen that many bricks since the era of Anthony Mason. That was a college score...
How so?
I am more excited than ever to help make #IACA a true success for Iowa families and students!
Whatever you do just don't tell me you love me.
My throat is officially sandpaper
Staring at the world through my review competition there is none B.E.T.awards Oct.1st we in the building where u gon be haters kill yaself
I hope all those songs get stuck in all of you clcs graduates heads all day today! 😊😚😘
We promise not to tell if you say they are from you. :)
If you have "follow back" in your bio, it's very unlikely that I'll follow you.
so when do I need to b ready
list of most expensive colleges, No. 6 overall, priciest in D.C. at annual cost of $53,340 ( annual: $53,275)
“I just don't throw it to the other team. Don't like to, never have. I don't think I'm coming very close either." -
Supporting the The Frail, Ron Wilson was Fired, Im listening to Elvis and my Fender Jazz is looking Hot. Its gonna b a great night!
Love and loyalty doesn't make excuses, they make it happen. drkevinforeman
Ah!! I want some shout outs -_-
that is like; what do you want more? kiss or kiss .. both :D
thanks for joining us and making #Friday a fun day!
Ugh im really get mad. Today went from bad to good to bad
Yeah! Let's get on it. Lol!
Why is Starbucks so expensive...?
Madison lied about two things... 1) me and him are dating 2) I shower with him...he is not alone in the shower
Hey, that's why they cast these ppl ;)
"WOW! You're hot! At night... Miles away....Behind a wall... ln a cave... Deep underground... To a blind person."
we have to add to the crew.Remember when we were all in the hospital together,having Ryder,Jett &Gabe ;)
drop it like its hot
“: We need Latos to dominate tonight. 7 or 8 innings would be sufficient. Chap can handle the rest. #MustWinGameInMay”
Yeah ik (; He loves us <3
I wonder why they don't eat them, they're like mangos.
sum one made this for u guys and it's so cute plz watch it and post it
we hoopin tomm at 4pm up pitt if u free... good runs too
U too love!
Unless u r gay.
I like it. RT New Thing: the combo of beer and wings will be called "bwings." This is going to be huge, right? Right?
thanks for following
GET IT TOGETHER #KNICKS!
Huge fan of you and all of .Good lookin out! I LOVE YOUR MUSIC!! #WerkMe is my Official Morning Wake Up Track!
Playing at Pete's Tavern in Cleveland Hts. 2night. No cover. 9-1am. Cheap booze and honkin surf music.
It's in Louisville, that's why I know about it. haha
Driving to Hilton Head
Was at worl & missed it! Will watch it on sprint tv 2moro. : I cannot WAIT for Revenge tonight!"
'Crisis' is a cool word for something that is not as cool.
Go bathe with a toaster.
GOOD SO DNT ASK FOR NOMORE CANDY
": CAN'T WAIT TO START GOING TO THE PIRATES GAMES <3" cough cough :))
i miss you...a lot.
done. We're also on a 106 Draw Something streak, sitting next to each other.
It's all about ME, baby. And the dog. MOL!!! Just wittle ol' me. I don't have to share my Barbies. I'm good. :o)
I smell moisture in the air! Ahh...
Camas High alumna takes on Indian water pollution - The Columbian
Yea, "Indian Human hair". But increasingly i wonder if what they label as human hair or even "yak" hair is really that
Enjoy your weekend!
sounds like a very hairy adventure.
Good luck to our partners for tonight's #NFLDraft. We can't wait to see the pick come off at #28!
RSVP: Sentinel Pictures
Welcome to our team ! John joins us as our new tourism manager.
awesome! Super busy but loving it, it's so hot today haha you?
Downing me and.shit.man.people so fucked up
err, rather on Wed. whatever day it is ;)
“: Oh, you're getting a white iPhone? Why don't you get the black one? It runs faster.”
your not supposed to eat food anyway on fridays! You drink beer!
You poor man! I feel ur pain RT : Being read to from a ppt at 9 am on a Sat morning may constitute cruel and unusual punishment
when doing high volumes of displays my philosophy is keep it simple & keep it stocked. Do pretty & more creative ones quarterly.
U Cant Compare Me 2 U Cuz R Life Aint Da Same......
- You're kidding, right?
oh well so who wants candy
Start taking pictures of your meal at the Daily! Person who shares the most pictures wins a $50 gift certificate!
Quick Fact: Actor/Comedian Bill Murry was once considered to play the role of Batman.
has the best interviews period!!
Good morning SteadyS have a bless day!
It's sad how ppl try to live YOUR LIFE for you!!!
there is a waiting period for brooks brothers suits, alterations usually take about a week there
Can't wait for my bruh to slide thru
follow the
Portland trivia for the day. The OCC was the first convention center to receive LEED certification. True or false?
I confess too that, w/ hefty carpool commitments, my family often was nowhere near a dictionary, so mom just told us the meaning.
all these sports tweet😳
So we wrapped up Uprise Festival...great show by all the artist both days!!! Most importantly you could feel God's presence....priceless:)
IKR!!! Mann I don't wanna be trapped inside my house wit no fat food -,-
Delicious and beautiful. Call today for a custom flower candy basket!!!
Who knew playing scrabble,with his sister, then I-Hop just chilling and talking with him and my mom and weird bro could be so much fun?! :)
“: VICTORIA SAID UR A ASSWIPE” WHAT WHY, WHY WHAT IS A ASSWIPE!!!???
There was a lot to love about the scene. They had ppl stationed all along the route cheering us on. Beautiful. That's what life should b ...
ya tape done how many jams u doin
Didn't notice the earthquake. All good here. Hope all is well out your way! :-)
I'm hoping for at least 3 pounds
thanks for being a bad ass! I DM'd you the code!
Thanks for the great advice buddy!
love when you give me head but i hate when you give me headaches = j.cole
ass ugly too!
Open source maybe the place where new standards gain some traction
Hey thx for coming in! We just launched this location and got swamped. better burgers on the way.
I sweet heart !!
It's about Damn time #Preds I mean Wtf is going on out there!!!
I just laughed out loud when a customer told me they found our website while searching through Altavista.
#FF , from whom I pilfer links at least twice a week, and -- Charles Pierce is my new favorite political essayist.
We Bring Visions To Life. Thanks Be To GOD
.us citizen 1 year anniversary.
i wanna be on that money from strangers show omg doing random shit for $1000 its SO EASY
I just want to freaken meet them
Me and were wondering the same thing too.
"Yeah man, you're in here every other day."---caffrey's bouncer, after he didn't ask for my id. #cool?
one strike was all it took
Have you used Goldstar, Groupon or other deal websites to buy arts, music, museum tix in San Diego? I'd love to interview you. (Plz RT. Thx)
So are their like 8 flag wavers for Chivas
Setting up a little photoshoot and I just realized I probably left my tripods base plate back in SD ;( darn.
We need to start the drinking game. Drink every time there is a celebrity you've never heard of. There's one.
I cant believe i only have 18 more days of highschool left
>>S/o back at cha homie!!!
awe are you not coming to my graduation?
So interesting. Also, I love that a robot just tweeted it...
I'm excited for Friday tho
Instead of asking what's wrong, try asking what could be right.
-and by our I'm thinking unconferences, DHSI-type gatherings, cross-disc. teaching opps
Will you come to St,Louis in August plzzzz for my bday i rele wanna see u sing 7 can u bring me on stage plzz plz reply <33 (;
I wish that Happy Sunday aired I miss 1n2d and what qualifes of a man :(
it was awesome seeing you!! Can't wait for the next time we see each other gonna be crazy haha
- Send drinks to yourself & friends for $1 to Chi's top bars. Then redeem the REAL drink for $1 at the bar. Dwnld the free app!
You are cool because you don't wear Nike socks and atheletic shorts everyday!
Love will find you in it's time.
Depend on yourself for your own success.
oh ok
have a blast at the meet n greet!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer32
Just heard that the girl shot in PSq passed away -- so incredibly sad...
"Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value." #Einstein #genius RT
JUST GOT HOME FROM WORK LONGDAY SUNNYDAY JUST ENJOYING THE BEAUTY,,,,,,,
i love hiphop. :D ever heard of brad taylor? i take classes with him at competitions. :) & i might. one day. :)
#uknoyoughettowhen your bling weighs more than you do.
slow to trust but i'm quick to love.
#4famouswords I heard they talk
case in point, the occasional disdain for the new materialists.
Hate being sick.
yes, we are a separate event. Great Lakes is still in planning I believe. You may want to ask
Anybody ever tell you that you look just like Damien Echols??
keeping it real take notes lady's this women knows what she is speaking and it ain't the BS I read from most these lady's ;)
well. I think the has some great spots right inside! Ask the front desk for those details.
thanks for the RT!
Very cool. Well-deserved congratulations!!
if u could dm me I have a question about one of my former students there
My 4-yr old was very impressed with my rendition of Kool & The Gang's "Celebration"
I'm single... Again. 💔 -Maria
forever unnoticed by sigh
Yay! Glad to hear it!
Hey I'm the Newest Baller on Twitter! Follow me!:)
umm i a boy. this just go awkward
I got the ustream up yall who goin tune in to the first ep. Of the jones tv
Yup, grizzly bear even…or maybe wolverine.
My opinion = invested users will always beat financial investment. Just hope this doesn't change the user base/technology
updating my profile on twitter
Thanks for tip, will have to see if any of my stores carry. Have ant prob every summer, won't use chemicals around my cats.
Chya of course should win Song of the Year for "Rolling in the Deep!" woo
Bring on the sweatpants!
#ireallywant some ice cream. yum.
I just posted a well deserved, glowing review of #WinningTheCustomer on Amazon. It's a great book, Lou!
who wants to be a co-owner on this account??? tweet me
Well my bracket is blown to H-E-Double hockey sticks! Didn't see MO going down. What's next march madness?
Very last session! Creating communities of museum learning professionals. Great for EMPAC training!
Must be Friday, is listening to Bust a Move by Young MC. I still know all the words.
Taking more stokes off my game than I could ever imagine!
i believe they do this discretely with their mobil device
There's still time to get tickets to Sat and Sun (Oct. 1 and 2) dance performance by Alban Elved Dance Co. For tickets, www.secca.org
#detroit #jobs UG Designers with automotive experience! Send your resumes to !
Depends. Do you have experience with other languages? Start with Python or Ruby. A Java course sounds good though.
Do you Bust Wigs?? We're looking for certified Wig Busters to blog for our site!
“: They'll never admit it, but #LakerNation is nervous tonight! And the Lakers would be dumb to fire Mike Brown. DUMB”
Great as usual -- about 20 showed up for an evening presentation near the crunch time of the semester: I was impressed!
Pain pain go away; do not come another day! :( greatful I'm alive!
I love this video. I still can't remember the name of that guitar.
#MDSParentLectureSeries how can you support their struggle?
I love $1 Sausage McMuffins. Thanks
lol we probly will end skewl after you still tho cuz they always have like a million snow days=/
Do many fun things to go this weekend in Cincinnati.....The City Flea, Pop up Shop on Main, Asian Food Fest, Weston Art Gallery party!
Angelina Jolie has the knees of a math club dweeb
Thanks, Bud!
I LOVE IT!!! i still have my millennium cd :)
as a soccer fan in KC, thank you for showing Man Utd and Arsenal match this morning
I feel you! Who are you riding with?
Harrison: Brady 'skirt' comment a joke
Awesome thanks for the quick response!
Quit sending me these things that say" people are saying bad things about you." shit. It's gay.
If I were at the game, I'd try to get an "Eat the Clock! Eat the Clock!" chant going.
soo I loved sleeping with baby, & Waking up next to him ;* yeeeaaah, good morning!
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!
God bless all of my new and old friends
Imagine America without conception.
that's so great
Desk are so uncomfortable. But at this point, ill sleep on anything.
that seems to be a great evaluation tool, though! I hadn't seen it--thanks!
she has both most likely plays xbox i have proof cause she talked about halo in a interview and chris has xbox she has both
Hey buddy, I needed you today.
GO FOLLOW ==> and she will follow back EVERYONE!
Just wanted to say i fucking hate you. (:
Headed back "home" again to LA on Dec 8 :-) Working on exciting new projects for 2011.
Youll get used to it maybe lol
Anecdote about the killer writer : If you go out to eat with him, he will order a bowl of whipped cream. And he shares!
I feel like Usher comes out with the same "new song" every 6 months.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 5
Plaza's no way to experience Istanbul. Plus, you can't counsel me with that poor wi-fi. We need to fix both :-)
A good apology has three parts: 1. I’m sorry, 2. It’s my fault, 3. What can I do to make it right? Unknown
Sleep was definitely better than finishing that essay. Thanks Daddy.
RT : nice seeing you at - hope you enjoyed the slice. :)
Frank Ocean is a beast makin quality slow jams, the dude's legit
Also found a giant chartreuse/tangerine abstract oil for $2, naturally husband thinks it's hideous. I'm all about semi-ugly paintings.
just tweet me and I'll give you status
Nigh-nigh, gwyn~~
as being an independent artist... its always best to stay that way...
Nicole asked when you are angry at God how is that being acted out..God is able to minister to us from His own wounds...He loves us
Come on Giants!!! You can do this
Have a Super Saturday
You make me really freaking sad right now. You say you want to hangout...but you won't even reply to my text😠
I suppose that deserves... a thank you?
Well now I definitely have to because I got the tweet from the one and only Annie Mac!
My room is a mess.. :s
I Love Rap music.
Would you be available to do shows for a catering company that has shows worldwide??? Proms, weddings, backyard bbq's, etc. etc.?
It's definitely too quiet in this house tonight!
Come in and get FIERCE TODAY AT SMASHIN' LASHES Couture Eye Studio.It's FIERCE FRIDAY 21621 8mie Detroit MI near the Northland Skating Rink
What Makes 1D Beautiful
It's too bad that the full numerical value of pi is more than 140 characters or I would tweet it…
'Double-Wide Drag Queen' is great. If I had a band, that's what I'd name it.
On Feb 13 #ICA will perform Beethoven’s Trio 4 Clarinet, Cello & Piano, the famous “Gassenhauer” Trio, meaning trio based on a popular song.
already confirmed!!!! can't wait to see you guys :D
It's official! Not like we're not here every week anyway. :)
Michael Ken concert Fri only $5. Bring chair or blanket. Food from Will & Pop's, Natty Greene's beer & of course, estate grown Grove wine.
“: Chris Christie says Wisconsin is the center of the American political universe. Let's explode all their little minds.”
Our Pleasure! “: Thanks for the follow! Definitely need to make a #twittervation to check out your restaurant!”
Good morning Twitter.
Wanna see the real change look in your mind.... -Lupe
Can not believe some of the stories in s book....can't put it down
or use the money oak n buy all the tickets lol
..listening to song Bewitched..i ♥ it muchly :)
I'm a big Jerusalem fan. Love him in the Niebelungen Ring.
I feels bro... I love everything electronic! I've been practicing in FL Studio.
Spectre SL...give me Chain Head Shot
Uh-oh.
“When you're safe at home you wish you were having an adventure; when you're having an adventure you wish you were safe at home”
Bahaha. Well someone has got to keep this relationship unpredictable. It's sent and sitting pretty in your inbox.
We can't wait to see uou all! : Looking forward to BHL visit to CDL tomorrow!
Pickup Line: Wanna ride? i got a truck and a box of condoms.
you rocked those heels.
I know so.
oh no
Oh and who am I not following back? So I can do that whole follow back thing
yes it is LoL
Haha, I see!
Find us -- w/ & Hussey RT : About to see the presentations for the redevelopment of Navy Pier at
A new study finds 1 in 5 adults have a mental illness. I better check with my 4 imaginary friends to see if any of them are sick in the head
Happy New Year to everyone
The coming days we are Berlin. Come and find out more about our adaptive e-Learning possibilties.
I'll take it RT : #Chicago long term weather forecast says #March will be warmer then usual but a wet month.
fuckin up bro...
I just changed my own spark plugs and my car started/didn't explode afterward.
good luck containing the sugar rush you are about to encounter from him in T-minus 20. Lol
I love you.
the rich once bought racehorses now they buy presidential candidates.
Had a blast at the Tailgate Tundra Zone at Lambeau yesterday! We REALLY would have been much happier with a Packer win though :(
needs to come out with a video game
you chill
Thank you RT : Thanks for happy thoughts and #FFs from
: when you find them, name your price!!! Lol! :)
Trying to grab dinner with Spokane friends directly across the street from where PAX is taking place.. Not the best idea I've ever had.
IS there such a thing as a job that is both fulfilling and mentally stimulating AND which can be left at work at the end of the work day?
Rain is on its way ☔⚡🌊
Clearly you must heckle, loudly and coherently.
Mindless behavior has been surpassd by 1d! Oh 2 bad
Or BTO (Brewers Time Off)
Nothing like starting your birthday with a nightmare about being attacked by a moose.
Are there people that make careers out of night AEing? If so, I am most definitely NOT one of them.
Josh Billings~ Laughing is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one spot.
If You A Real Hustler..You Know Its More Ways To Get..Money Without Selling...
One of my all time favorites.
also i would like to chat about when you follow you get a message saying i'm a STUD? come on! ;>
I hear ya bro
Harris county gold card 2011 | Sharing Reviews &amp; Advices
- tryna get up outta here !
good point! another thought: don't remodel--you may never be able to get the TV out.
There's only one way to cope with 5 days of rainy, gray, flooding streets: So. Much. Coffee. En route to latte
could be doing lots of worse things to your neighbors!
Andre miller..get a fade or something
better yet what if Dj Khaled did the ring announcements for boxing matches.
I read tweets all the time and don't tweet enough. Too much pressure.
How don't you have one :O
I know you'll always be there no matter what. Even if the whole world walks away ~
YOU GUYS WERE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #PROUDDIRECTIONER <3
I need a bitch to fuck .
I still want an autographed playboy...just tell me when and where.
Thanks Pat! Glad to hear that coming from a guru like you.
building this device may have been to big for the eyes for my summer pet project, gotta get my embedded programming skills up
Game time: 7pm this Friday at Stone Stadium in Columbia, SC. We're playing the Gamecocks. This Longhorn team is pumped! #TexasFight!
What's the plan tonight im done wit class at 430
Yep, and good night Honolulu.
No probs! Just wondering how *every single one* of my friends kept getting quoted in stories ha.
Happy is always good! :)
How often are you getting them checked out? any major sunburns in your past?
RT : JJ Sullivan, Lorrie Moore, Geoff Dyer, Rowan Ricardo Phillips, Seidel, Ellis, more: 's 200th issue...
I just listened to your music! I love it! You have a great voice!
It's a cool writer's school where you get to shoot guns and do car chases and arrest other writers and stuff. I wanna go, Mom!
If you go to bingas than I probably hate you
My Friday night!
oh I am, on some level here
I can already tell this is going to be a long day I am so frusterated
#lookingforwardtotheweekend omg how tiring is to wake up at 6 am every day.
no problem :) .. And. Just to rub it in HER face you are B.E.A.U.T.F.U.L :). I'm smart like that lol just kidding :))
RT: Celebrating Women's History! founder Dorothy Maynor sang at 2 presidential inaugurations: Truman & Eisenhower
Hey girl !!!!!!! Your Beautiful
#IAlwaysThink of u till I remember our past and wonder Wat I did rong
Yes he should. Although I do blame 's live blog from distracting me from an unrelated writing project.
Sexually frustrated smh
#citysoul Good idea! #np column in bus. section of the #LAT. will look into it!
aw i know miss you ! We better be having a photoshoot with with your profesh camera :* hahahaha
“: gah, blackout restrictions, you are my mortal enemy!” same here in chicago :(
It pisses me off when people talk bad about you to me and then the next day your there best friend. I could go all day about this
When suffering burnout with the task at hand, is it better to jump start and keep going, or let the whole thing go up in smoke?
I don't know about Krav Maga, but have fun! I know A LOT of guys that love it, but chose Capoeria cuz it's non-contact. :-)
Why are girls getting so wet over The Hunger Games?
And if you're voting GOP no matter what tonight-- I do remember how that feels, and I didn't watch the debate to hate you better. Peace.
They alighted on the floor, quite unashamed of themselves, and the youngest one had already forgotten his home
thanks uncle sam!!
yup. You should have a Podcast Tumblr so that each episode has links to things you've referenced.
No hacky sack...have to use a bottle
:( at least I get to tell everyone about the awesome artist that painted them.
Sherlock = radio silence.
Well you ain't met a true Burger Boy. Well you met one, just ain't never had one. Haha.
#HappyBirthdayLangston Hughes. The literary love of my life!
Magic City? I'll have to look into it ... Happily watching Tea Leaves right now (mad men.) 😉
Insomnia is a bitch. Any tips on getting to sleep?
solution until #Chicago gets its sports act together become honorary #Wisconsin #cheesehead You like #cheese anyways
follow y'all..Xx follow back? :)♥
"Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions. " Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
So jealous! Seeing albatrosses in the wild is at the top of my travel wishlist. The very top.
Dam bro that sucked, I was expecting alot more outta you. You were in like 2 sketches. You need to put that 100 lbs back on Son!!
-Saving you 1111 tweet for
SMH at OKC fans. Leaving early? Really?
Thanks for the shoutouts bro if you can keep them coming and have other people too I am trying to get more fans for my music.
Watchin a superhero movie marathon on the movie channels today with my man :) Thor, Green Lantern, Iron Man 2
We'll be hanging here all weekend while we're at The Biggest Tattoo Show on Earth!
we'll discuss once I can piece myself together.
Up early,couldn't sleep. Excited and nervous about todays game. God doesnt make mistakes though, thats why will win
RT Made over 10k in 3 months selling items from here on Craigslist. New site, no people. Bid at 3 seconds! www.barginbids.us
wait...I thought it was "research. Woo."
I can go for a long time without food but
glad Karen made it through all 8 seasons, she's 1 of the non main chars to make it but it's sad that she's gonna die D:
I have no idea but your thoughts sometimes ... Lol I be like why is he thinking of such weird things
The nicole video gone be nutts
funny people >>>
Enjoying #miniCONAN with the Big Aristotle.
Just spend all day on a Windows 2000 computer, so the fonts and resolution of my Mac are freaking me out.
Who's got a truck in St Paul and is headed to ? I need a ride to & Old 97s!
Professor answer: "to endure and grow"
Why is Molly Weasley trending on Twitter?
I am going to do that tomorrow, lol
that's what I wa talking about.. Lol!!! I got to zipp it and load it up .. Lol!!
Congrat on your 1st gm as closer! MT "Now that I'm the closer...I feel like I have to start tweeting more often..."
Kobe has got it going tonight
Get your order in now We have sold out of ReHeat and Eat BBQ the last two weeks going to be making more this weekend
Definitely! I need more Soave soon.
wish we were at the Wolse x
": When Mcdonalds fucks up my order <<<<"
#chopped New dude judge is a douche
Imma hurt that lil bastard if thats the last thing i do
Based on their obvious orange skin and too much makeup, I'd say that Jersey Shore is coming to TM
Dave that is indeed dope
bye idiot
MoBettaMondayz Sold Out Last Nite Frm Showroom, Sidewalk, Parkin Lot, Bar, Even Alleyway Bring Heat
Kinetic Playground 1113 W. Lawrence
looking forward to brunch this morning with my two favorite ppl!
I have Moonlight Sonata stuck in my head. It's like my brain is waterboarding me.
bo frank
Yeah, I know. Which makes me more inclined to try to be social and go. The great thing about the internets is I don't have to be.
Whoo Hoo! Hope you book it!
Yay and God said let there be light! Power is back on
Night night Cain! TKO Dos Santos
2 HRs given up by Marcum already...what happened? I thought we were supposed to have a good pitching staff. :(
He compares POORLY. Higher #s in all the key metrics means worse performance.
My life is good, my bitch is bad
2 East Austin Shows today: 3:45 at Uncorked and 6:30 at East Avenue Lounge
I'm writing my rankings right now
Back to reality watching my girls #softball #tournament! #nothinglike home
I'd kill to face OKC instead of San Antonio RT : okc is going to beat your ass..and the universe will rejoice.
there's not enough room for regret in my life.
lol only children from Stevens
