August will be the best month ever! Paradise will be out on the 28th and on the 29th is liam payne's bday! Wooohhoooo!
thanks for checkin it out
do i want churches or no .. hmm
After the time in the capital I feel up to do something bak in Hurricane, where the cool people are. Why are we cool? Cause we save money.
Good friends are like stars you don't always see them but you know they're always there
hit my email at
Thanks for your support Andrew! We appreciate it.
The black cat currently has 123,803 miles. She still has a lot of purr and hiss left.
There's a drink called skinny water now? Diet water? Are you for real??
My cat has decided she likes to be cleansed with warm washcloths. This now makes me her butler.
I literally have 1/2 a friend in Arizona. Lonely as fuck.
no you walked away to the concession stand & we just rolled out
FYI, seems to be working with 1.5.0 though.
MT Today in #Herstory: In 1916 Margaret Sanger opened the first birth control clinic in U.S.
that's so fucking hot dude! :) nice
Happy birthday to my beautiful and talented friends and ! Love you both!!!!
Thanks LA! Is there somewhere online we can tune into your Hooters Nation Morning Show??
I handle marketing and social media for other people all day long, it's time I focus more energy on my own endeavors.
you know what i'm talking about,end result look out for yourself cause if you don't know one else will.
Waiting on my girl to finish cooking these steaks is making me feel impatient.
no your dicks to big i dont want that in my vagina<------funniest shit i heard today xD
Hillary to meet Jayalalithaa in Chennai
": sun raped .... #burned :)" that's an understatement lol
"Urban transit systems...have become a genuine civil rights issue." - MLK (#J15 '29 - #A4 '68)
so all of my chats with my 11yo on 'what's appropriate' just flew out the window. Thx gaga
Thanks for the follow! WOW on what you do for entrepreneurs, authors, connectors. Hats off to you!
so hot.
Good morning everyone! #Shoutout to God for doing work, letting us all see another day!
Design & credit attribution for scholars, coders: We need to "roll the credits" for DH projects
That awkward moment when you try to break up a nug you found on the floor and it ends up being dried dog poop.
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I'm probably gonna feel like an outcast. Everyone saying goodbyes and what not. I'll probably be by my self.
Time to pack for Boston then get practice for my show tonight!! Hope to see yall there :) Mozarts, lake Austin blvd 7:30 come say hi!
Oh yeah, this is just weird though
Good Afternoon Tweetopia!!!!!
I hope I never run into Michael Imperioli in a bar.
the first year mfas! arabian effing nights!
Don't be mad
you're named after Sam I Am right?
The Raven was an ok movie but not great & The Cabin in the Woods had a shocking cameo but not my kind of movie but great for it's genre
Omg I didn't even notice they put sugar on Lou in the first picture lolol
too excited to sleep in! Gonna go watch you on tv. Xo
Even if you won't be physically at the #SILTweetUp you can virtually attend & tweet at/with us! Will miss y'all.
haha that's funny
Oh yes. Many fond memories of the modem grinding to set up a DOOM or RotT deathmatch :)
right side...i'll get back to you on that! I WANNA GO SO BADLY! omigosh its so not fair.
Its raining so hard that we have tornado warnings in Phoenix AZ
right on.
As of now, OSAA Class 6A, 5A and 4A football finals will take place as scheduled at Reser Stadium in Corvallis.
Cool, stop flirting with my girlfriend before I knock you the fuck out.
IT'S THE STOCK HOLDERS MONEY, NOT LIBERALS "MONEY"
For you I'd write a symphony.
Just delivered cookies to Queen Anne... and warmed up with their #vegan / #glutenfree Lemongrass Risotto. So good!
RT can't believe Michael Jackson is dead. That's gotta be the wierdest thing he's ever done!(I think its less weird.)
Comm. McDowell, internet going mobile, minorities leading the way; allow consumers informed choices n competitive mktplace.
Full faith in my music but I was always tought to have a plan B
It's Friday Night and I'm sitting at home
How was #NIGHTSWEATS rehearsal? Any commuting adventures to report?
Simultaneously excited and terrified. So happy to finally get this project up and running. Now all we need is some funding! Please help! RT
i ship niam so hard. they're just so adorable. when they're together its like puppies pooing rainbows & glitter. yea.
#ISecretlyLove nothing. I usually tell ladies I love them. Better chance of getting laid. Don't admire from afar..
that shit is hot
Bout to crank this shit out. I need to play
Hey Fans, Log in and check us out we have some big upcoming events !!!! www.iBand.me
patience is a virtue. especially while driving
iPhone (unequivocally, without even asking what you need it to do)!
No clear answer but Lynn Hickey says for football vs tx state, still need to see if they'll be in the schedule.
The size of 's ass in the 'Starships' video is not real life. She's just great.
Just got a shout out, thanks Aaron
Have a fabulous Friday!
Sort of like Bloodsport, but not at all.
Linsanity.... That is all
I just ate come dark chocolate.
Teachers orientation starts today at #DreamYard Art Center! See you all there.
Rick, you're better than that.
That damn tv just scares the hell outta me.
Uugg it's early
: Crime went down in areas where public housing existed b/c many residents were relocated 2 neighboring counties. Ask Clayton Co?
All Nighter With Jordan ((: This Is Gonna Be A Loonnggg Night :p
I'm fine Thanks.! Whats ur name.???
IM THE FACE OF MY COMPANY!
320 off NFL rosters so far...only another 864 to go by Saturday. This last preseason game means a lot to those guys on bubble.
Take the light rail, pretty easy. Follow the signs in the airport. Get off @ Nicolette. Go 5 blocks W on Marquette 2 10th St
If You Have A Problem With Somebody Just Tell Them, Don't Expect Them To Read Your Mind...
Watching basketball wives w.
Yea this isn't gonna work out
#HomeSweetHomeRT I live in the STUDIO!!!!!
Happy Birthday
yes! We'll have to go!
I think I am going to use two rectangle tables with box pleated linen covers until I find just the right thing. I love the antique
Geocaching: "We use multi-billion dollar military satellites to find Tupperware hidden in the woods."
just surprised me with flowers. At work. Just because. <3
My bros new girlfriend is awesome! Can't wait to party again
"LOVE IT WHEN YOU TAKE IT TO THE TOP" .... .. . . #PARTYRIOT STATUS
The future is taking shape now in our own beliefs and in the courage of our leaders
I love watching House Hunters.
Miss you too! We need to catch up:)
At least it's not a loss. 😏
Is there published research about effectiveness of stand-alone K-12 social studies vs "humanities" classes (integrated SS w/ELA)?
Invest in Yourself, Workout with Me!
“: A 4 minute PR on "Christine" this morning AND I did it RX for the first time!!!! #crossfit” huge!!
Best song by is "Mystifyed" Got The Album "This Is My Time" wen i first entered high school i still jam to it! btw im 21
My mom think zayn is hot, but she only has a chance with harry...
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 253
haha I wouldn't be surprised
Goin to sleep gotta get up n 5 hours n run the track n hit the gym
Posted up at gamestop wit some goons waiting for #mw3 to drop at 12
my favorite way to spend time? ad hoc meetings!
what do you mean?
Guy next to me just blurted out "Jesus Christ - what the he'll is going on" at all the traffic downtown. I said "ahh..... The Super Bowl"
Hey, ! I was just thinking about you! Yes it is! And we are very excited about it!!! Would love to chat and get feedback.
On average a persons hair stops growing at 3 ft 91 cm
#imagine Zayn: you naughty girl get on the bed. you: make me. Zayn: i'm your commander *winks* you: oohh i'm so scared *winks*
I took no pleasure in watching that game. Negative pleasure.
awe man I was hoping it be the other way around haha jk :b but that sounds like a great plan, I don't think they charge to
I know... but... I still don't want to listen to Pitbull.
Eye infection?...... No I got into a bar fight
Alrt friends, doing heavy work tonight on #undergroundhiphop on #slacker. What suggested heaters u got for me to check for and add?
For last yr’s words belong to last yr’s language & next yr’s words await another voice. And to make an end is to make a beginning. TS Eliot
Yep! Super tasty. :)
man yea u already know that feast Sat was on point!
RT : Bob Dylan: 'The first guy I met in #Mpls like me was John Koerner.' Free Koerner Concert 2 pm @ Hosmer Library in
Thanks! There might be hope yet for my wild and wacky (and loveable) #UU Fellowship!
Walmart, other bigs are moving to cash in on public $ available to fight food deserts. Would it be better to invest in local alternatives?
Teaching it it's place.
good idea, I'll do that one during our next lecture :-)
To the person who continues to libel me in an Italian newspaper, I say: morte!
when is the next trunk show in Southern CA, preferably San Diego? Fiancé needs to pick a matching band?
Get out your #SmartPhone, Upgrade your #DataPlan, Tell your wife you're busy. 's back, & this time I'm bringing the
oh... my.... god.... hahah. im in shock. he blocked me from facebook a while ago .. not sure why lol kick her ass
the way you make me feel you really turn me on
yesr i do....ha....that shits easy money....plus since my uncle owns the club i dont have to do shiat....lol....
it's my sister! And it's her puppy! So... It's the puppy's mom!
“ RT if you agree that EVERYBODY IS BEAUTIFUL in there own way. Because nobody is perfect.”
Can you get a subscription to Camtasia?
lets do it the week after..
Gosh I feel a sickness coming on...
P.s. I'm at main event ill buy u a beer come now.
Finished my Anatomy project :D
My Workout is Effective.
Social media causes what is referred to as FOMO -- The fear of missing out
Memorial Day is coming up. Is our annual meet-up far behind?
hey lady shoot me a text pls had to get a new phone
Drakes Coffee Cake, Duane Castro, Jackie Chiles, Eduardo Chorrochio
Very attractive photo.
Try one of our Kremey or Fruity Krispy Kreme Chillers - one of many that complement a delicious doughnut!
Nothing much just hagging and looking for a family and Edward or anyone
I want to go to sleep but food seems to be getting in the way of that
$99 dollar XBOX on the way... (with 2 year contract) You heard it hear 1st..
Happy new year to u 2
Not everyone is good at brewing beer.
I'm missing my other half...
Movement Mondays is on air right Now!! If you like Hip-hop we'll be bumpin mostly underground and oldschoo Hip-hop todayl!!
I keep trying to skip steps in my own Writing A Great Script Fast step-by step process. I have to go back and do it in order. I'll email me.
Oh! Now I get it...lol.
The girrrlss room!
need a ride? I got you
The GMC Compilation album is going to be nasty!
Lights are back on! In memory of the great #blackout of 2011 use coupon code blackout and save on a waterproof ipod. 9/8/11 Never forget.
As it withers, brittle it shakes. Can you whisper, as it crumbles and breaks. As you shiver, count up all your mistakes....
PEE! Good to hear from you. I worked w/ Poop at Videoport years ago, and see him around sometimes. Thanks for checking out my site.
me too Benny! #goodoledays “: I miss being kept in line”
Are you making fun of me, brah?
"can i have a bad bitch w/o no flaws come to meet me w/o no draws"
Currently listening to: Adele - Turning Tables.
Would you ever consider doing the Big Spring Jam Festival in Huntsville, Alabama?
Fuzzy yellow balls
i'm afraid that's exactly why I personally never use Premiere - isn't that weird?
Going home.
Nutrition Myth: You should eat anything and everything you want when you are trying to gain muscle.
Get all the reaction to Lou quitting on the #Cubs here-WWW.ussportspages.com
My #fridayreads was "I am a genuis of unspeakable evil & i want to be your class president"
Damn bra!! Where u find dat 1 at?! Send me an mp3 fam!!
Welp, it's still Monday, I hate everything about Mondays.
ooh ooh i want a tablet!!
seriously how do you have hood night one night and gay night the next!!!!!!! Who does that????? lmao
NICE! Gonna be a packed house
Isn't that the plot of BSG?
Imma drink this Peach Ciroc to ease this KNICKS lost!
i like that !
hope everything's ok, David!
talented people :)
I thought I knew....been wondering as of late.
Trying to scramble for a flight. I hope to be out Tuesday if everything come together. So much to do, so little time
You know it's bad when this account had to be created.
Storm approaching western Dodge county showing a little rotation. Watching closely.
lol well wake my ass up :)
#sacscoc create necessity for preparing & attending class
#3days till the Boyfriend video <3 I also want #BELIEVE here now (: make June 19th come faster!(:
It's the other part of the country that people in DC and NE forget exist and then wonder why they are losing votes.
twitter's character count is actually 140 mr tomb
. well, I'm teasing up my hair & heading ovah! 'Everybodees workin for the weekend...'
Actually, it's because I mixed up the tweet conversations and thought you'd named your third nipple "Andy."
Staff weary of user feedback? Abomination! No, really!
At American University offers 2, 3, and 4 week programs for students to get hands on experience in the world of communication!
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK I need more followers!!!! :-)
RT 2 hrs left! Win 2 tix to see Beckham & LA Galaxy take on DC United this Sat. RT this tweet until 5pm to win!
Who needs #comic-con when you have #rooftopless ?
Isn't it creepy/weird that the CRT has become an artifact of another age? I feel old.
I'd Rather have watched commercials than that craptastic half-time show
Looking for a co-owner!
Guess he felt the need to text me just rub the dirt in the wound a little more, mission accomplished #timetodrinkwho'scomingwithme
300 people 'googled' us to find our website in Nov. If they made a donation they'd get a keyboard calendar with our web address on it!
Im at my photo shoot! I should be tired but this is absolutely energizing! Love you guys
well hello Keith ;-)
What else are we up to? We're hosting a screening HACR's "Insider Game" documentary on Dec. 8th at Time Warner in NYC. Rsvp info to follow.
RT : Being healthy is just the slowest way to die... -
SAD RT : MAYBE I SHOULD TALK ABOUT LIGHTSKINNED GIRLS, SO SHE CAN "SMACK ME UP" O_o LMAO
hahah. I know. Crazy, right? :)
need a link?
Or ninjas!!! You have such gorgeous children!!!!
Awww, shucks. <blush> Thanks: that means a lot!
I had no clue what to do so I called them & told them he was out there the lady responded saying ”omg where 'bout is he? we sholl forgot em”
Nap time!
What? There's no one funnier than Bachmann..funny that people actually take her seriously, of course.
wasn't it a bowling alley? Idk, all I know about great literature I learned from wishbone.
Win or go home #NW #nuggets vs
You know I used to loathe a lot of country songs. That is until I kind of wrote one today. Guess I better buy some boots...
Hi (: how are you today ? <3
Barry doing his thing ...
I wish I was in Milwaukee so I could catch the bus to the lake!!!!
Thank you for the follow - looking forward to your updates/opportunities!
Lol this ugly little girl popping and attitude on here.
Let's go !
Save the paper! Use multiple channels for your message #Salsa2011 REACH!
Ask he has been there a few times
followed, follow back ? :)
We'll be closed this Sunday for Easter. Open tonight with Fish Friday and Saturday taco night!
Apparently a happy bunch...
LOL He wont go unless you remind him every sec. lol i would bother him lol :3
NEW Single "Tongo" in the making, available on Facebook soon! Don't be the only one without it!
Took the day off, played Pokemon for 8 hours, read comics, and ate pizza. Yup, I'm 12. And single.
we should record a new track soon embracing angry. Sundays are usually open
I urge everyone to support the Innocence Project get innocent wrongly convicted people out of prison. Support DNA testing.
Just heard on of Spkr McNulty's treachery in sending #civilunions to Military Affrs cmte to die. #GOP dirty tricks boundless.
oh ok They any good lol
Also, checked out your website. You do some pretty kewl work! Now I'm hungry. :)
Thanks dude!
right like for real
Have a tattoo you regret? October special: 50% off ArtErase, pain-free laser tattoo removal. 866-Reveal.Me (866-738-3256).
I'm working all day tomrrow *sigh* i go through hell just to make my money.
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first...Stop in @ Firehook Bakery and Coffee House!!
- you inspire me! <3
yo evan... let these fools know what time it is...
Now over 120 camps on our schedule for this summer. We've hired more outstanding college coaches-Will accept another 20 high school programs
DUDE you're the shit.
Happy Saturday everyone! I'm on my way to cover the West Indian Junior Parade in Crown Heights.Hoping the rain holds off for these kiddies!
On my way to another jail... Is it a crime to look this good? If so, lock me up! Lol.
All this hatin that is going around is getting old.
At the Museum of Science an Industry talking about extending the family and increasing access for kids.
you're evil!
Happy Holidays from Bye June
Tying run at the plate in the figure of Jason Giambi...
I hate when i fuck up..i just hate it!
in the middle of dunes drinking MGD listen to old school skid row
Yes..he was terrified last night.
MTV's Fantasy Factory and Nitro Circus on tonite Travis p. tries to back flip monster truck...kick ass.....the best shows every sunday
The Frantic in Philadelphia, PA tonight at North Star Bar. Playin' with our new buddies in 21+ starts at 8pm
Join Susan Bernstein for her Evolving Directions lecture "My Archives: Print, Digital and In Between" on 5/1,8 1:30-3 @ Memorial room 126.
- Candy Shop by =p
aye buy a Hawk Card from me son
I'm comparing brandy back then to rihanna now. Brandy don't fit into this era. Music all about sex now, that's not her style
I really don't want him to be mad at me all day.
#StupidQuestion #RigSoHard RT : Hm mm......I wonder why all the teams without "Stars" are getting their ass handed to them mm
I hope the rest of these speeches are brief
Don't take the bait.
Right !! He just died .... I'm not sure to be happy or sad about this ... He was a hella jerk .
You better stop for food. I fear for the dogs if you come home that hungry.
Tonight is the night I finally start my taxes. Ick. Bleh. GAH!!!!
HOLY HELL IT MIGHT HAVE WORKED
We're headed to Eastburn for this week's PR 3.0. Join us for happy hour & spirited social media discussion Thurs. at 4: www.theeastburn.com
Yes Connor Frizzelle! Way to pull it out even though it wasn't out best game. Everyone who played contributed.
Like my facebook music page. Upcoming R&B Producer. www.facebook.com/calisadroitprospect
are you going to the Boston #TeeParty August 11th man? Should be a crazy event!
hookah and music with come chill with the two sexiest men on UC's campus. also may join us lol
RT : ESPN should just buy VERSUS and get it over with.
I'm really excited to see your tweets about baseball ratings this season.
Omg hot Koreans at the counter!!!! My day is made!! :D
Making the great depression my bitch!
They ain't gone never learn.
Yup. I think we can finally call it. RT : And that's the ballgame, folks
Happy birthday, Neal Cassady!
Good morning good #tea people! Today is a great day for watching dreams come true. Don't miss a moment.
Check out our new website!!!
Just hang on!
Ok November and Day 2 of Storyworld lets rock.
Sick in bed :(
MT We've grown a supportive, intimate community doing this + see resonant challenges, hopes + ideas. Nice self-check, too. :)
MY LLAMA CRASHED A WEDDING TOO
Grinding at the Palomar. I need to bink a tourny or something.
I am...drinking water instead...but its just not as much fun as cinnamon toast crunch...lol
Happy birthday
lol you have a great sense of humor.have you ever gone wine tasting
I don't want to be your favorite or your best. I want to be your only one and make you forget the rest.
All Good..
I'll sit there all day n be anti-red niggas. Then somehow they manage to find my ass. N I actually date them. Knowin damn well ion like em
R.I.P to the great Whitney Houston :(
The price of covering Alabama football? Tweeting gymnastics. That is all.
As if he hasn't done enough he got me sick ..... ain't that a bitch
oh really?!? How is going so far?
ohh you were so tired you couldn't sleep (:
IF I was having a child in the near future ... I'd make sure it's initials were MKG!!
yay!!! Cant wait to see my girls again!
it's clear after reading the interview, that Joe did not try or think to cover anything up.
same here :( haha De little ceasars or costco :9
Excuse me for being awkward my fellow followers.
web team: transferring over web content to the new site with cms. lookin' good so far.
Back to the Doctors in the a.m. Get to go pee in another cup. Yay for them contaminating my previous urine sample.
thank you! :)
Agreed! I feel like I once saw a competition for works <90s, but ultra-miniature miniatures sounds like more fun!
i can really use a relaxation right about now. if u know what i mean ;) lol
Fa Shanks!
isn't is so sad! I think I tortured myself and watched it more than 50 times!
Happy #FF to people who get us through the week:
Why do people find Sarah silverman funny? Did I miss something?
She likes the taste of captain Morgan  cigarettes  oh she adores them. She can get a little crazy sometimes 
Now that will be my favorite day of the year. Lucky... er, smart Jennifer!
someone like u!! ;)
Good for you! And I recommend Toastmasters to hone in on your speaking skills! :)
I'll have to ask him, I think he's from around there too- God Bless, remember work everyday to reach your goal- Its possible
go to sleep man
Let me rephrase, b/c of #burningman I made a trip to an event I otherwise would not have & experienced such a joyous epiphany that I needed
I'd rather go all in. ;)
hate you asshole
Baseball: New York Yankees closer Mariano Rivera suffers torn knee ligament ... - San Jose Mercury News - Error
wicked tired peace out twitter scouts! :)
That moment when you corrected the teacher: (≧▽≦)—☞ HA! BITCH U WRONG!
nope a woman and play the man!
Three trips to ACC... Three TRAINS!!!
ya my cousin is freaking out lol she's cracking me up!!
": I need more time to practice nail art I've been practicing my hello kitty nail art" <--- 3D or draw... Anyway both r cute
Hello, pretty!
Hey Jim. Congrats on getting in so early. Thanks again for taking a few minutes to chat at the karaoke at
Become high off life. Move and do something. Go crazy and krunk. Get your weight up. #Get KRANKD!
one more month to the year,seems like yesterday was January 1st,& a once blank calender is down to it's last page,heres to makin it hapn
yeah but idk i hope so.... lol so wat u doing now
me too!! Love chocolate milk!
A great tenants meeting at 470 Ocean Ave. We got clear direction on how to get things fixed. The notorious Pinnacle Mgmt. Beware!
String overloading is the work of the devil.
#JustPromiseMe you'll keep your promises.
no more in-laws at my house. . . YAY for going home to a quiet house tonight :)
Today the National WWI Museum will be FREE in commemoration Waddell & Reed's 75th anniv & National Military Appreciation Month
On this day in 1944: The World War II Battle of the Bulge ended.
shoes for school ?
#TeamFollowBack Retweet If You Need More Followers!! (Must Be Following me - im doing promo with 52,000+ Followers !
Waking up to an empty house>>>
there was that brief, awesome time when someone grafitti'd the monroe. If she was all grafitti I could be on board.
I think "We Found Love" wins the 2012 Superbass Award for overplayed pop song I don't mind hearing all the fucking time.
had a good time 'slapping haman' on my dumbek at yi this morning.... :)
Loving having my iPhone back!
wake and bake right after my corn flakes
Clay "Vegas says your 12th best in SEC". Dooley "I think we are finally talented enough to compete. About what happens on the field"
just spent the last hour getting fucked 👍 im bout to smoke & knock.
at the moment? no. although I should probably sign up for one to force myself to train. i've been lazy for the past several months
RT : Best thing Bears have done this offseason is adding competition to positions that need it. Competition raises level of play
and luckily we are 100% chip timed by !
much love my man
Checking in for the 4th year in a row @ Starzyk's New Years Eve party..this live year Blues under the stars....Magical! Happy 2012 y'all!
understood thanks we are in L.A area and so far ten others.
I can't wait to have an experience too if just Dm'd once thats all the experience I need
Bad bitches wit no walls <<<<
no, just drug and alcohol...my mom wants me to take it at a DMV...i think it would be easier and faster if i just did it online.
Why don't you tell us Wayne?
all you talk about is soccer lol
#ListOfTurnOns when guys dress cute, but don't try hard.
Then go to sleep(: : I'm so freakin tired , I'm sore af too! ): What the hell, my eyes be closin.-.
Watching play softball tonight. What else would I want to do with my Friday?
People must not know I got special vision I can clearly see through the bullshit
turns out riding shotgun may not be all it's cracked up to be.
Good morning to all my amazing Tweeps! (I will being back asleep soon, I'm having an insomnia blip here) Had HH w/ the Tigers last night!
how is the not smoking going.
hey ya'll, sock it to me, glad to be following you
Well there weren't actual tears....unlike the Dawson's Creek series finale 😜
I haven't even started it yet
Call me stan cuz I'm always on standby
NO YOU'RE NOT EDGAR
So grateful for great family, friends and our four-legged bundles of joy who greet us at our front door.
If u every get caught sleeping at work,jus slowly raise your head in say 'in jesus name I now say AMEN..Lmao works every time ..
We're taking your calls on O's, Caps/NHL Playoffs, Lax and NBA Playoffs. 410-704-5309
You didn't miss anything. General assessment from several people was "a few good booths but overall it was repetitive & bland."
how odd. Maybe try again later. Link just worked for me.
Lmao u a trip RT "Hopefully in 2012 , lacefronts will be banned"
I just saw it in its entirety for the first time last year...
Hopefully that somebody will appreciate it people these days aint faithul
Polly will be pleased. RT : Mountain Empire has a snow day tomorrow!
I'm really liking the new twitter look, very slick. The official iOS app for the iPhone especially so.
nope, I don't get financial aid during the summer so I have no choice lol and nope I work in the mall now
The faster we yawn through Hunger Games, The Amazing Spider-Man, & The Avengers, the faster we can cheer through The Dark Knight Rises.
Do you think its' better for brands to allow others to post on their walls or not?
Ive always done best at hiding how i really feel .
Thanks for following fam
I seriously need to stop listening to Throne at work. I wanna dance around my cube.
haha am one of them..but am from kuwait..If U know it
BOYFRIEND PLAYING ON Z100!
If you’re catching @ #TheVic, join us for $3.50 PBR tall boys before the show! We’re just down the street from the concert.
Barf. Most overvalued degree by far. RT New estimates peg the law school class of 2015 w/ an average debt of $210,796
she sits next to me in math. We're friends..
sorta! I think she looks more like you though.
<3 FFL's range of programming -- crafts, hard-core techie, book-making/writing -- 4 all ages. FabLab = USEFUL space, not just cool.
I was just at the Lego store... What what!!!!
Just cut my hair on Mad Men....sorry....but my manager likes it...
Great job last night! Show is terrific - but then, you know that.
WWOS doesn't consider mental health issues a joke.
Holy hard shells! Arcteryx shells, insulated jackets hats, and shirts has arrived at both shops!
Did you know we are announcing our new 2011/2012 Season this Sunday?! Any guesses which shows will come to Baltimore?
Superman Kids T-shirt DC Comics Logo Shield Black Tee Youth
All the money raised at the 34-year-old tourney has gone to Paraguay. Speaks volumes about their relationship with the Kurrles.
they didn't even give me an application because i'm still seventeen. i fucking hate my life
so we've been quiet for a while.....I'll give you a hint why: Android.
Home from the hospital. Whew, its been a while..
This one is cooking-themed, so likely much less snark :(. But the snark is not gone for good — it will be back!
": #Pacers #fuckyeah"<-just like the old times watching on the deck!
buddy the elf
Damn I Kant Sleep It's 3:30 n The Am N Im Still Wide Awake......Fuck it Bout 2 Hop On This Big Bang Theory Season 4
"Tell-a-Vision"
good luck!!
Yes, OF COURSE can come!! Seriously, let's do this. :)
When you desperately need love, the best thing to do is give love and you will be fulfilled.
Nothing like road head on a road trip.
"Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart."
Good morning Twitter family, live your best life today!
Tip off for rival game in less than 4 hours! Best of luck to the women who tip off in 2 hours. We need the at 100% tonight!!
Bring in the goats..
There will be cuddling.
yes. Totally.
#MuchLove B-Lock!! Shouts to !!
Customer validation of planned initiatives is exceptionally motivating. As is spending a day engaging with dynamic people.
ditched ff myself bout a year ago. Tried chrome but it didnt take. Now using IE. Sigh.
Thanks so much! I'm better now! It was a stupid implusive decision that I regret, but I'm much better now. <3
shut up we have problems in now im lookin at a pot
Lazy #AF today!
PR'd the SHIT out of that 5k!!!
fantasy factory > pretty much any other show..
You know what time it is? Timmy time!
Yum!! Long time no see my dear!
That's what I'm using, but it's not good for FB groups, i.e. Tweetup organizing and communicating!
Teaching improv comedy to teenagers at 8am has been an interesting, but fun challenge for the past few weeks.
we need to do some actual hanging outside of political events.
: investment of time and energies.
Thank you for the favorite - I feel special! XO J
Tashia & Lakeytha were the only non lightskin black girls ive kinda liked
Just posted "Julia" a song I wrote with Bonnie Hayes. Thanks so much to Gawain Mathews for a lovely mix.
I replied and you never did? :o
Your all beautiful because you all have different faces unless a twins ^.^ ...
Man, no one is on twitter at 8am
You can be a guest for the first chat, just re-watch Season 1 Ep. 1 Wanna do it?
Ahh When Are you going to another Videoo:)<3
Great convo with today. I explained why freemium games will push #gamedevs to drive innovation in the market.
good spot
Just got done watching the fighter. Very illuminating stuff!
I have to be up in a few hours, but my mind is keeping me from sleeping. So many decisions to make.
Brrrrrrrr! Get in here for some of that renown Fuji warmth!
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car.
Great presentation on tourism by Lieut. Gov. Bill Bolling at the Virginia Hospitality & Travel Association Summer Mtg vhta.vayamobile.com
Will do! Great meeting you, too.
Why question my family composition or my commitment to my children. Please focus on the topic on hand-Fenty=results!
Your so funny, blake would just love you
I TRIPLE DARE U 2 COLLECT 15 SMILES TODAY.... :-)))))
Coming from a guy who's a huge ECW nostalgia mark, please let the shit die already. No no care.
Congrats to one of my BFF's on graduation!!! So proud!!
Thanks to all who allowed the Spirit of the Lord to move in them today in church as we gave ourselves away so God could use us. Great church
Building understanding, support and acceptance begins with earning trust. ~David Cottrel
Hard to express how much I enjoy working with -- the work he has done & continues to do in Denver community has touched many.
Are you going to be a waitress at the Crab House? :) Good luck-- we hope you love it!
Got punched in the face a few times at the for a drumstick...still didnt get it
haha oh snap :P
Bought a watch @ Target, how cheap is that
RAW 7 Input is rocking my nuts off.
Just a reminder y'all, if it's raining & and you want to bring in books to sell, make sure they stay dry (or wait for a non-rainy day)
Congress has announced that Jan. 1st 1776 will be the first day of service for the seamen and marines in the newly created Continental Navy.
Good party at the Casa..
yeah whatever
crisis averted! Phew.. At least we were going out of the city..
Busy day, will also be at #UMaryland #CollegePark Law Fair today!
Anyone know of a bar in kc playing the real v barca game tomorrow?
To say something when your not supposed to say it
Well I aint "all" I'm better than "all" you will see in time
Becoming my own and beginning my career is much more important to me.
This has been a rough day in basketball. Extremely.
Louder: Collisuem or Qwest?
word. I like the beginning, but it takes a long walk down the essentialist crazy road at the jump.
eww that sucks. Luckily I was able to sleep most of the evening so I'm good, just need a nap before I reload ;)
Everyone who is not , Twitter-side: that was one hell of a context-free outburst, no? Sometimes I can't contain myself.
I'm so sleepy but I can't go to bed ...:(
Got my wife a subscription to a womens magazine. #WorstGiftEver havent slept good since. Now she has something to beat me with when I snore.
Haha, thanks that helps!
making cake lollipops!
I`m producing the next episode of iNickelodeonShow 2day on set! Happy mothers day!
wow.... this just got real.
Prediction: by 2015, every US student will be using an m-learning device
Shout out the homie He got hits on his hands.
Total pleasure! :)
I didn't know Braden had a twitter, Dang!
looking forward to hanging out with some Production Team Volunteers tonight.
Agreed! The first dozen were cute.
Who made it out to the VOUGE event at Public House tonight? whatd you guys think?
Am buying and reading the book because of that sentence! re: Favorite sentence in upcoming review today...
In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns. ~ Fabrizio (Angelo Infanti), 'The Godfather'
My Epic is so dang good.
NYC has a Rat Information Portal - who knew?
Live art, opera, and theater and dance performance
I miss mine sometimes, bc the call quality can't be beat. But I like the simplicity of one number...and the price.
Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass... Now make that mother fuccer hammer time!!! Lol!
“: you finally getting your GED, I'm proud of you fam!!! Lmao!!” hahahahahahaha
Tomorrow ill be signing my posters in Chino at Yanks air show!!! Come say hi :-)
Not only is ham delicious but you can GO it!
hi followers hope your enjoying this day my family n i our having a crab boil gotta say get on it if you dont know bout it
What the heck kind if kindergartener tells people they're going to hell...Sorry, but SERIOUSLY!!
got a badass bitch just bouncin' on my dick bouncin' on my dick bouncin' on my dick
What a bad bad day.
RT : if Obama wants to lock my vote up this november then he needs to ban throwback thursday on instagram.
Wait. You're really going to Finland? Art?
FACT: An estimated 66,290 new cases of primary brain tumors are expected to be diagnosed in 2012.
#raw10 Have you ever had a Wish sandwich? Bread, mayo, mustard, lettuce, a slice of tomato and wished you had a piece of meat to go with it.
My batting average on MLB is going down.... Fml.
Lucky, we still have 2 weeks :'(
When I'm talking to my sister and she cuts me off and says "Ok, stop talking. I really don't want to talk to you right now." Oh. <<<<<
Dark chocolate-because it's a mood enhancer! It's a little taste of heaven-& I never get sick of it!
#WhenIGetOlder I want breast to still be perky! No sagging titties!
Maggie Vanetti's streak is over ...take charge Indy was there! Ended up DIS
alien love?
Was at a pretty fun wedding last night. They played "Birth Ritual"...twice.
“: Luke: The #Ravens offense has a much better tempo to it. Like the aggression.” look at time of drive. keep that defense fresh
The IT Crowd is fuckin Brilliant!
haha i feel ya, and yep! amazingly better.
WDYR The Drive fixed its power problem, broadcasting classic rock again to the Fox Cities
Happy Birthday Ariana! I love you so, so much! Have a spectacular day with your family and friends! #Arianators love you!♥
A well lived life means balancing your work life with your family life. Have a great weekend everyone.
Excited to see what ends up happening for the Detroit Red Wings in their prospect camp.. how nervous are those kids?
"I'm a mother of 28 kids." YOU'RE A FREAK, BACHMANN.
shoveled for the third time....
I was totally hilarious tonight. Cracked up every person I met.
So jealous...how was it?
i send my love
Haha what the heck! Do you live over there??
ever come to Maine and play? Couple awesome courses !
WAFFLES WAFFLES SYRUP WAFFLES WAFFLES WAFFLES BACON WAFFLES WAFFLES WAFFLES COFFEE WAFFLES WAFFLES WHIPPED CREAM WAFFLES WAFFLES EGGS
No Kaylie!!! AHDJDJDKAPDKD DUMB ASS PERKEY GIRL WHO I CANT REMEMBER THE NAME OF
My csa soup with homemade veggie stock smells amazing on the stove this cloudy day. Starving!
are u talking about the photos of Koko with students in Japan? Cuz I used still frames of those in my package from power point
#DearJohn is on.
Grande nonfat vanilla latte.
We should. Only we would know its him XD
morning SEXY right back at you!! I got 3 words 4ya "Damn Ur Hot!!"
hahaha didn't think u were
Lady eagles lost 29-40 against Madison
God bless Kyle Korver man
Love how mark brown is Arthur and some. awards.
yu got the same number??
Agreed! “: , is there ever enough ? #no”
WHO USES A MAC TO EDIT VIDEOS?? LIKE OR COMMENT..
always a flare for the dramatic! I've gotten the "JT might not make it" call 1 too many times #youreinvincible talk to you after
I need at least an 84% on my Econ Final to Ace the class...Do not distract my Orangeness from studying...
Praying for successful Value Village trip to complete 90s tourist day outfit. The Hilfiger carpenter jorts just sent are epic
enjoying a Francesco pizza from so delicious!
Never forget.
Still we can't wait to see it. You always do an amazing job with whatever you do.
& I'll kick that hoe; punt.
did he really just tell me to get back to work?
Broncos have 6 of the next 84 picks. They will be busy on Friday.
let me know when you find your centimeter ruler hahaha(:
My sister is so annoying, sometimes I want to choke her........smh!!
Thank god for another day
Spent wkend in SanDiego, no change here either. Temp cool, 62 there this morn to 95 here in afternoon!
Kyle Korver is ridiculous right now. They will be tough to beat when Rose gets back into the flow.
And back! It's been a while since I have been here and I am happy to see everyone
ha! I like "i am TOO going to keep chickens, david!"
Did you miss lunch today? Don't worry, we have everything you need at the B! Open til 5!
I am in a live truck about to go live. No, i'm not slacking around. (Or am i?) wink
Seems like no one wants you when you’re single, but all of sudden people show their feelings for you when you’re not Available.
Just got the new Pate de fruits from Flora Confections. Yum! Catch her at
Trying something new today. Scanning tweets in our stream to RT favs, those that catch our eye.
how dare anyone hurt this lovely girl.
Camera Fun Time. Thank God for cropping! You know when you take a shot with friends and 1 person ruins the shot? Practice a big smile today
Now that the #FF barrage is over, once again: it's Fu*kin' Friday, Follow your Heart!
I am trying watch live online but it say you are at commercial and its been 10 min now.
Go Marquez GO!
Are you having a bad day? Smile. The physical act will make you feel a little better.
the Hoosier dome!
Do you know that saying. You know how it goes .... I guess I'm figuring out how it goes
That #NBA commercial with the Celtics in the tunnel pumps me up
The Sinatra song is the '50s equivalent of the '60s "Love the one you're with"
Mrs. McCorkle is feeling a little under the weather today. We are not going to make it but I can recommend many places...
Of course we are!
Aw dang! Wish I could have made it to Miami! Have fun and rock it out!
When given the choice of putting the spotlight on the problem of child sexual abuse or who's wearing Vera Wang, There should be no contest.
Diamonds are a girls best friend ;)
God really answered my prayers last night...& I am so thankful for that..and him.
I'm tappin out early 4 once....
Big day tomorrow...big big day. Pray for me!
thanks for following and mentioning!
I follow back, just ask! :)
once my eye twitched like that for a week straight. IIRC it was when grad school responses were coming.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-28
I do it big like that! lmao
2:30am in Guam. Headed to airport soon. Then off to Iwo Jima.
At least they washed it first.
Excited that we got to meet yesterday at #btg11. She thinks we might have a thing here.
Glad to hear it!
the fact that i have to present my UN project today <<<<<< #RuinsEverything 
somethings are better not said on twitter. N jus cause u say "don't judge me" doesn't mean we won't.
#ThingsICantLiveWithout music baby, RT if you feel me
I know she bought to ask me how she look I tell her beautiful and how long it took
Kony2012 if you don't know.....find out!
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.-Napoleon Hill
Having to babysit in this weather...
Lol. I'm sure I'll see you again soon.. #raceseason :)
The weekend starts now
Just a question who thinks is a true champ without manny fight??
oh no...hope everyone is ok. Poor Pixley she probably wanted more sawyer time.
Thanks. I really need to figure out github. I kinda like keeping the website on an edu domain, though.
allyouneedolga.webstore.com poised for world wide internet sales domination link is on my profile go find out why we area the best
aw love my best friend Neva the Diva :) ": My friend is da bestest! :D"
Frustration with - No internet after Comcast tech error and soonest service call available is in 5 days
Would love to meet you at the Muddy (or anywhere!) sometime soon! Enjoy your mayorship! ;-)
This thing lasts till 1ish....basically half a school day
Album coming together nicely... stay tuned.
These brownies sure are tasty
amazing! I'm so glad you like it
IT'S 2012,,.....FROM EVERY HAND & A$$,..... MAY DOLLARS FLOW !!!!! TAKEN FROM RAP GROUP, ABOVE THE LAW'S 1992 RELEASE "BLACK MAFIA LIFE "...
sings in the shower..& squeals when says "I heard youre looking for a gentleman..is it cool if hes Australian?"
So excited to meet tomorrow :) You girls are so amazing!
Thanks to for coming to conference.
James Joyce dates complete with several bowls of Lucky Charms...the official food of the Republic of Ireland. Probably. :-)
ill keep him in my prayers
concert in MIAMI Friday but tickets to meet you guys sold out :( I'm so bummed out :p
Thank you!!
Sorry to see it go. But here's to even bigger things in the future!
Royals looked good tonight! Next year is gonna be the year!
I actually talked to real people this weekend. It was weird.
I know everybody was worried there for a sec but the weather is clearing up! No excuses, come out to Bar 7 for Intermix Wednesdays!
It's much easier to gain weight than it is to lose it....#lifelessons this applies to relationships too
I'm sad/proud to say I'm right there with you.
Thanks for being for #AdFreeTV but I'm for
then come over for some beer and pool
Sometimes I wish I had someone to call mine..</3
On that note, it's moments like this that make me afraid I'd be an action film semi-villain. Coupled with my super power...
Nope, Unfortunately But if you follow him and he gets enough tweets about it from other people he may do it.
I'm alright, you?
We need double-bass and breakdowns.
told me I was #hoe in my past life. Lol "I need my pronto getting it in the morning like a Alonzo"
I like this from Rick
We only #Party on days that end in a 'y'
We have flip cup and beer pong games going on. Come challenge your friends.
why cant more guys think like you? <3
when Colt 45 comes on, I just have the URGE to start rapping to it.
GANAN LOS MARLINS !!!!!!!
Djokovic is annoyingly good.
thanks so much for the intro Paul! ditto!!!
Oh spammers. >.<
YEAH SHE'S LIKE OMG AWWEWW
Made to the church with minimal interference from the Raleigh Christmas parade.
has connected to NBC Action News Weather Blog.
lets talk about your article on my sports show in Portland NWSports Tonight
Latenight bowling. Holler. Im beating everyone. :D
omg i'm so sick.. i hope i get a job soon!
I know how you feel...
The office is off to visit the Buffalo Fire Historical Society Museum! We'll post pictures later, so stay tuned.
John Mayer in the morning >
Just found a giant spider in my office, must've been eating lost children in the library. Going to be paranoid the rest of the day.
hey guys. Ha sub teacher huh?
thank you for facebooking us
where are thou??? Library or BAS
Patience is SO not my thing.
are you watching Spider-man?
Watching tv so bored
God moved Tonight! I truly thank him for tonight
that's so sick!! Hahahaha 😝
MLK:“The ultimate measure…is not where people stand in moments of comfort, but where they stand in times of challenge.” #Leadership Matters
I can't stand it when girls sing WMYB loudly and badly in public. It realllyyyyyyy bugs me.
Michael Shames of UCAN says allegations of fraud and mismanagement are "smoke and mirrors"; says his lawyers will "obliterate" his critics.
Did you know our menu is continually changing? The opportunities for never-before-seen combinations are endless, you'll want to try them all
Lowe's apparently uses Linux for their in store system. UI looked suspiciously Gnomey.
Thank you to everyone who came out to our new client orientation tonight.
RT Gemini Signs of greatest overall compatibility: Libra, Aquarius «««
Only in Alpha can a brother excel to such moments in our history where he literally walk among kings.
My mother buried three husbands, and two of them were just napping.
DO NOT GIVE A BAIL OUT.
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT!?! ALMOST #500KMAHOMIES THAT'S CRAZY RIGHT!?! :D
Powell's on Hawthorne has Crunchie bars. I am in trouble.
May not be a better way to spend Holy Saturday than urban gardening w/ &
yea I got you
abc countdown in spanish.
yes exactly!
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 25
Okay I give up have a perfect day !!!(:
Tell us your favorite pre-game meal
Thanks for the info! The rights issues are what always throw a wrench in my plans to upload content to WP, too.
Good. Thanks for spreading the word lol. We can get the whole world talking about comedy....
C'mon Heat close this shit out!!!!
Indeed I see your name. You'll meet him I'm sure. Along with a number of other VIPS like
If you're not wasted, the night is.
Cuse! Should be an exciting second half!
thank you for the birthday wishes yesterday. i had a wonderful day full of love
got the job :D
hitting the pause button on the weather. Did that work?
Yo was blazing on the drums tonight doc!
CritSpace: mark-up and transcription.
ok that makes sense. It was a security question...I thought you set it up, Josh.
Fun night, met some new people. But now its time for bed (:
Awh I'm always in your life <333(:
Animal crackers in history class....I think yes!
I need to let loose once in awhile! I care way to much on what people think about me.
Chili and Yuengling with #Packers vs #Viqueens. #MNF doesn't get better than this
Preparing to launch The Range Cafe rebrand..www.efgcreative.com
We're looking forward to have you speak on Tuesday at the May event.
I wish people would stop asking me about #oomf.... trust me you know just as much as I do.
wanna play words with friends? First one to flop out a collop wins...
Watching "Pearl Jam Twenty". Brings back memories of watching them open for Nirvana & Red Hot Chili Peppers, New years eve,1991,Cow Palace.
I know right!
I think I may have slept through a meeting this morning…. -__-
yea they got some young players now, but they still boring to watch.lol
very cool find. Thx!
Either he really misses me or he just really bored. I doubt it's that 2nd one though.
I HATE DALLAS! F/U LeBosh Wade!
July 18th: Class of the Day Pilates Mat @ 6pm : Drop ins only $10 tonight only!! Come get your abdominals ready for the beach!
You got that right. The daughter scene pretty borderline, too. Welcome to showbiz, ladies.
No body like me ): !
Ugh, another round of robo-calling my office.
Like they say in sports, "Don't peak too early." We need you ready to go on October 27!!!
Babe keep me posted on your manager hope everything is ok..
sent you an email. Chat later
Brenda Brenda Brenda Just finished watching Obama's newsconference. I think he was good!
One step at a time!
#schoolmemories Cheating in heads down thumbs up
code for the avengers would be awesome! :)
Attention, thug in the black hoodie with sequins, sequins are not gangsta.
We had a wonderful day at the Restoration & Renovation Fair! Thanks to all of our attendees, exhibitors, volunteers, and speakers!
How old are you guys? Some of you are like the boyss' age and I'm () a 15 year old freshman. Haha x
We are not in the web page business. We are in the content business.
In his last 11 second-round games, Alex Semin has three points (one goal, two assists). That's...not good.
Happy Birthday <3
hate hate hate hate hate..t keep your soft porn movie making aspirations to yourself son :)
Fair enough. That quote was priceless.
Seriously, fuck those guys.
Kohlenberger: 's innovation strategy is working. Tech is getting people engaged. Stay the course.
OMG!! I literally laughed out loud! Good thing I didn't have a drink in my mouth at that moment! LOL! Luv ya!
Big thanks to the crew from for the visit and props! Look forward to hosting again soon!!
I crack my phone atleast once a day.
So sad I can't attend I have a speaking engagement but pls keep me posted on anymore upcoming events
got it. Thanks man!
Releasing our new design on the 21st of this month!!!
that's a dope concept I might have to slide through on that s... What's been good by the way
guys i just need one more follower to get to 1,100! anyone who wants to give me a shoutout will get one back!
Tis in the plans... I have four weeks in June to read and the series is on the list... may start it sooner. #
American Crystal Sugar union workers not happy with latest contract
check it out @ www.taxproblem.org
Thanks for the mentions and RT's, Gail...You are awesome!
RT : 12 minutes into the game and the Gophers and Middle Tennessee State have combined for 17 turnovers. Ack.
girls decluttered book tubs, of the non schooling/book supplies that gathered there from kids stuffing there when cleaning rm. LOL
good luck desi!!!!
Do I ever! Using it now in hopes of RT from Lovett MT Mel, comment? RT Am I the only 1 still using the Secret?
: Lol im dead serious doe...
Don't be surprised when I don't talk to you anymore, because I don't like mean liars... #isthatweird?
I prefer Book Damon because he actually acts close to his age. He's arrogant and cocky, but mature at the same time. It's More realistic.
and just like that, everything changed.
To see crack get sold, bodies turn cold...what u think, i think thats cool bro? -Lacrae
That is a definite. Time & patience is key! If it works, it could b a massive turning point 4 the movement.
Back to work I go.
Be sure to follow as they tweet about #ISDIP2012 event #Diversity and #Inclusion Matters!!!
is ultra mega hot.. and its 10 pm.. damn cali
Lakers win by 40 points! Did Houston get the memo this is the playoffs?
I'm probably performing tomorrow Omg #Imsoexcited that made my night! :)
Today i start writing the album that will start my career!
My bar of soap sucked but I will conquer this quest to add soap to my menu.
Because it makes them feel as if their in control, after all we do live in a world that is based on look's sadly. just do you xoxo
Anyone wanna do some slight photo-editing for me? Just need a logo off a shirt
Do you have (had) any roosters? We had none and we're decimated by foxes. Some folks said a rooster could help.
Work sucks!
: Umm, did you switch position? lol
Sad, sad day (yesterday)
The older sauce "box-packets" had more volume, right? Also, bring back the #bellbeefer !!
Thanks! Wish I spoke French but still appreciate your great work. cc:
Was just in a Turkish bath with a man named Happy. Now I am off to see Spider-Man.
no Remix straight Rihanna
on my way to Palo Alto today for #medialife and #mediawork meetings & talk at Stanford University. yes: orange luggage and headphones
the inventor of spaghetti o's died and the food network admitted that the food from Iron Chef wasn't really from the white house garden.
Black hole.
it's fine just don't send it
Set two in five minutes at johnny's. Stop by
Expect good things.
#imagine you and Zayn are in a restaurant and he starts to seduce you. you: not here. Zayn: then let's go to the bathroom ;)
I've selected my poem for #PoemInYourPocketDay tomorrow. How about you?
oh lol and thank u. ugh i hope thats not true. i mean its there biz if jelena is off or on. but i dont want to them sad :(
Just one more day of exams, Pack! How are you feeling? Confident? Wish you were more prepared?
cause we're the three best friends that anybody could have...
RT if you born to be Smiler.
Does anyone else use the 'favorite' button as a bookmark? I use it for things I can't read now but want to read later.
you go Rhi! Congrats!! See you tomorrow!
I've never let anyone piss me off this bad. -__-
NIGGA. give me a shout out. i love you.
Exhausted from the stubborn, tantrum-y toddler antics that dominated the second half of today. I blame the
wha?? That's cool! I love it when people talk about me!
Good am Mayor, you visited a school next to my barbershop. My chair still has your name on it. Seventy Sixes 11 Central Avenue
Im just sayin
That's not a very nice thing to say to
what! That's...interesting. Did he see those kids get shot?
hahahahaha. Didn't even think of that. Never experienced "The Clap"
remember when we watched the exorcist? Or something like that...
#CyberMonday is here! Where are the best deals?
Thank you, Universe, for working out so, so well today.
: So glad you liked it. Bubble milk is great - just the right amount of sweetness.
You may have a heart of gold, but so does a hard-boiled egg
lol I saved them so I could do that dumb dumb ;)
I know, me too. What excites me the most is the effect it has on my teens-moods, behavior, focus, athletics, body comp.
Two things i love in life. You, and the free promotion site on my profile. great for follows. follow4follow?
Can't wait till Valentine's Day!
Double Rainbow Guy: "That's why I make videos. It doesn't sound believable."
nicely done, doug!
just got my 50th anniversary edition of Amy Vanderbilt's Complete Book of Etiquette. So excited!
um I got a new number but idk
glad u ok.... Actually I In st Louis so I'm sure imma find something to get into
Does anyone have a Harley they're not using and want to give it away, since my credit sucks and no one will finance!! Jus askin'....
Watching the celtics or spurs play is like watching the Ravens or steelers play, its boring as fuck
Snow>RU kiddin? Better rush over 2 Sonic & get our specialty dogs>homemade o-rings/ tots> limeades & pumpkin shake b4 u get snowed in
#BoyzAreBack ! yay on abdc! the stage just got SWAG
is that tweet about me???????
I love my job. I get to listen to music and figure out how to market it online.
Every time I'm on a roadtrip I wanna stop at Waffle House. The people I road trip with never agree though.
I need you here, but you're always so far away.
What's your favourite song to perform?
blowing trees
Reverie - Don't Forget To Shine >
lol. I heard its funny
Why doesn't she call security?... It would be so much easier.
That outfit is not Grizz complete without the yellow shoes though
STATE BOUND!
I live here dude. Ran into him last weekend at the Jane Hotel
Lucky Tweet #217 is a shout out to the band Goldfinger with the classic song "Happy"
Guess im walking home from second street.
what's wrong? talk to me fam, dm me
hahaha , miss you too ! and u're right i'm not that old ! its just amazing and scary how 5 years has been passed ! Good Luck !
I agree, Van Pelt inspires major library envy.
yep, four weeks and then we "graduate" lol
If it not made in Kentucky then it is not bourbon.
so so much fun!!! And I got home safe.. Kinda haha
ah man y u aay that?
This barber will surely not be getting a tip. This waiting for 20 extra minutes is ridiculous. I really need a personal barber
did done
yeah sure ;)
Yeah, workin' on that detail. Not (personally) good at photos.
that's definitely not good. If you're gonna fail any classes, fail them this year haha
instead of hunting ducks :)
Just finished the latest season of Dexter so next season starts tomorrow, right? RIGHT?!?!?!?
Fantastic having you w/us! RT : What an amazing bunch of people at Great playing and some great new friendships.
Coming soon! RT : Great Optimism Rules interview with today for !
Hot mess, Monday.
Every eight seconds, a human life is lost due to tobacco use somewhere in the world. This equals about 5 million deaths every year.
Oh dear. Glad U didn't get stung! Yeah I think the earring belongs to someone on my side
And I have a headache plus my stomach hurts. Sucks 2 b me right now
Check your sources he's a bronco
"Honey Badger Don't Care." Well worth the view on YouTube.
1/2 of funding for hungry kids might be cut if we don't tell our delegates to keep the Governors proposal.
Stupid commercials..
HAPPY HAPPY FRIDAY have a nice weekend :)
Wonder how the refs will screw the USA today ??
Getting ready for our first meeting with our new web design firm. We like what we see, and still, we need to ask annoying questions.
Lol. this is why i love you!<3
Home of the Brave | Memphis
We received our Silver Anvil trophies today! Unfortunately, one was broken.
I can email you step by step. The message would be 2 long 4 twitter, since they only give us 160, God forbid I was dying! -_-
How'd it go today? :)
that's what brought on the waterworks! And yes I do remember :) fun times at the back of the people mover
did u ever think ur southern ways r backassward for calif. & maybe the ppl. In ur neighborhood r not so stupid. Just a thought!
All you guys out there who have some aggression Towards your woman it don't have to get hectic That crap is pathetic -Hopsin<3
who knew sprinkling fake turf on a 12 foot long sculpture could make my back hurt so terribly so. time for some liquid painkiller.
wanna make out with me soon?
#Happy V-D!
hm whos german and can help me with german homework?
ah I cant wait!
Thanks for the cupcake! . Salted caramel = Best cupcake I've ever had!! .
my kinnect is one of my favorite ways to stay active in the winter. Kinnect adventures will leave you hurting.
hahah. thank you. but so are you :) xx
Thanks! I hadn't heard of scoop.it either. Looks like a good resource.
Oh cool! I'm glad you're following him and thanks for your concern. :)
+1; Wed after work beers at Sherlocks too, yes? ?
I wish I was that brave...
thanks! You are so right! He works in mysterious ways! :-)
Remember: "I" before "E," except in Budweiser!
glad to hear it! They are just nuts!
Yoo who bored
happy mother's day homie 
In separateness lies the world's great misery; in compassion lies the world's true strength. ~Buddha
Safe travels and Happy New Year! RT : Chillin for a bit then off to the cabin!
I have an emerging view that core of "factory model" issue is scale; creativity emerges locally, eg. Bertie Co
missin her boy
Who's ready for a big 2012 season of Denver Browns Baseball????
Good morning :)
well you did get one retweet already, I think you've won the crowd! ;-)
Hm......already miss SoCal like crazy.
Last practice today </3
should interview on artful, community-support villainy!
#FF early - - Actress Adrienne Barbeau is now on twitter.
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and Professional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show! started: Fri, 12:10 PST
the 1st one was incredible! Read it in a day! I got bored in the 2nd one but I'm going to try and read the entire series soon
Day 2 of New Age Music...z
Last night we figured out we can send corpses to polar bears to stop their slow extinction :) its like donating all your organs to one being
Ladies. It goes without saying, regardless if you can fit in them, if you're older than 25 you DO NOT wear Abercrombie jeans.
Let's talk food! I'm taking your questions for our food expert today. #AskAnExpert Monday
I know I am n ohkay
ouch. sorry to hear that. it's so disruptive when ppl bring their personal issues in the mix...
Fantastic Indiana Real Estate report for August: The number of pending sales increased 12.0%
Meek Mill be countin' $
specifically w/ preschool if it's cut, children will be hurt; in long term so will school system scores
Product conversations with instructors is always so enlightening. If you haven't been to the product store please stop by.
Life can suck and be boring sometimes...
I am intrigued...we will have to find each other at some point today!
We love the Barb! Hope you enjoy them:) RT : i'm thinking of getting the barb by
looking forward to a successful, better year.
New Yorkers: Your lovely hostess mlr made her annual pledge to How about you?
Wish I were there
My name is Dorothy and I am a mother of 1. I stay a home doing daily house work and take care of my son.
Started it last yr dont think U were following me--Dont think many were following me. Only have 600- Thanks for the complimt
Next Thurs May 24th at 12 noon EST Drumageddon Manhattan is being released. Going to be an epic drum solo all across Times Square NYC!
Amazing and entertaining keynote from Snowden Becker of the Center for Home Movies. "Hi8 won't wait!"
#10ThingsIHate being famous for an (intentionally) leaked sex tape.
anything for my famoly
You guys i need four more followers to have 800 FOLLOWERS(: Help me out please?!(: hahaha well pretty good day today<3
lol. Yeah I gotta get up to get some practice in for this prom I gotta dj tomorrow.
My birthday tomorrow. Going to be sixteen tomorrow yo!!
Love this!
DJ Tim playin on one turntable... just another day on the radio :)
Happy Friday. Join us for Todays lineup for #NCAA #MarchMadness is awesome! Games start at 7:15pm then late night Sounds by
But anyway, I've been listening to a lot of Joe Pug lately. It's pretty good you guys.
“: Okay Let's see who wins the rubber match tomorrow. Feeling good about my What about your Dodgers?
I wish Don Draper would say, "Let's go someplace darker" to me.
Stay classy NY Rangers fans
Need to work out so bad tomorrow!
Help us get more followers and you could win one!
Just finished my hair...whew! Being sick does suck but this rest Im getn was definitely need'......
Thanks, Karen. I'm there! RT You guys are truly, truly fantastic. I hope you sell out every night. You have to come see me, too! ;)
Go to see John Doe, and get home to find Mastodon on Letterman...charmed life?
Lazy day with my mommy? Yes please. :)
My weekend starts today!!!!
Redemption day
I was thinking the same thing when I was writing. My gas station is slammed in the morning and evening.
#nowfollowing , writer/blogger
Agreed. Tried the fan page but found it 2 annoying. Instead I use my reg fb as a way 2 share what's going on.
I was so drunk last night I forgot who I was!
u say u love me?is that true?u say u love me but who else too?u say u love me but do i love u??
LOL in it like Walmart!
we do too!
We just missed a huge fight! Damn it!
Cool, thanks!
I AM TIITAAAANIUUUUUUMMMMMMMM
Mangoes contain vitamin C, vitamin E and beta-carotene. No other tropical fruit contains all three of these powerful antioxidants
play me KristenHH
Sneak peek: July's LU&H agenda will include a discussion on the proposed Property Value Protection Ordinance as requested @ last month's mtg
The judges will accept that answer. :)
#WeLoveAllOfOneDirection every single one of them is AMAZING.
Nothing beats the smile you make when you've realized you are completely and utterly screwed.
LoL, I know, I'm just messing with you.
Well Floyd might as well retire if he isn't gonna fight Pac.
Ok I thought I was RT : No. Lol RT : Am I the only one who randomly make their knee caps jump?
Friday the thirteenth, I am stuck with my bitchy ass mother that blames me for her stupid actions -_____-
I was just talking about Roscoe's over coffee with a longtime friend visiting town. That sounds like a great reward!
hi its Dan. Mencer and will also see u Sunday
Mhmm , Dude . I love you
Apologize for the site crashing. Working on getting additional servers, and getting you guys your free tickets.
I have seen #ThePrestige a half dozen times and the multiple twists get me every time.
It's Hot as Balls out today.
seriously I want one
you get tickets for this mornign babe? x
thanks buddy! #EricChurch!!!
Are you a Financial writer? Interested in editorial writing for American Live Wire? Send us a direct message telling us about yourself.
id rather not cuz I'm not paying gas and for food stops
lookingt Canon EOS 60D files I shot last night.
Syracuse/Albany/Rochester New York! :)
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
RT - Fantasy football, espn.com, League: Go Jaguars, pw: Jacksonville, autodraft 9/7, Join Us!
Now you understand why Pitt is a double entendre.
Congratulations! It's about time :-)
Carlsbad School Shooter O'Rourke guilty on all 14 counts (7 attempted murder, 7 assault w/ firearm)
Awesome statement by : Do you remember when had a tongue ring? That was funny.
You know what never fails to be time well-spent? A cup of coffee with 's Smart guy, great heart.
i saw a teaser for it last week, but didn't watch it. definitely something i'll do a FB post on. thanks for the heads-up!
evening bro how u been
ah! I wonder where mine is? I had the blue ...
Today is our youth hockey championships! I can't wait to get my guys out there at 2! Plus Bailey from LA Kings will hand out trophies!
hey DanIel...yes, Edgar has found a nice home here at the Roy house. Hope all is well.
Nope, we got it - you should be good to go now. Apologize for the inconvenience.
Bored on broadway,
Hope everyone's stayed caught up on the Hockey playoffs this weekend? Who's going to take home the cup?
Hey Brian, I cannot respond to your dm unless your following me as well!
Happy Thanksgiving! Hanging out with the Michigan Shaws. :)
#SaySomethin is on replay for the rest of the night. ♥
I just want to thank everyone for following me on Twitter!
I would tap that ass LOL
#aaa2010 I cannot believe I just got in the Starbucks line at the Sheraton.
please tell me
first follower on my blog, awww
M Hot Buttered Latte....swing by and be amazed!!!!
how'd you know I was thinking about chocolate pudding! ESP? Don't do it, don't do it!
Went to sleep in the middle of the night, woke up in the middle of the afternoon. I feel like a rockstar :Haha
Have fun! RT: En Route to Portland to see what the "cool kids" are up to. Only benefit to travelling w/
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass. ~ Maya Angelou
Gotta see the lakers lose tonight! sorry to my Cali followers!
“: Bobby Jindal's speech is much better tonight.” ha!!
yes...we will connect
Thank You! We are so glad that you love your "Old Fashioned Brain Eaters" shirt.
Happy New Year when it comes KC's!
