Had a great group of attendees at our session at #NERHEUG on Change Management! Good content in the others sessions so far as well.
No one knows enough to be a pessimist ~~Norman Cousins
Or maybe I'll just go with daring. I'm pretty sure seaworthy is boats, not people.
To all the Directioners who in their spare time still go back &watch the old video diaries(:
#thatawkwardmoment when and I always say the exact same thing and the same time.... *awkward silence...walk away from each other*
That is such a great park-love to watch the waves!
I'm a little surprised Good wife didn't move. I'm fine with, but surprised
Gozamos is at Queer Prom! Stop by the photo booth to say hi. Chatting w students from Bogan and Morton East
Werewolf bar mitzvah
We got plenty of em here in Florida to choose from :)
Waiting for the finale of #InPlainSight, after which I will mourn the loss of a terrific show.
Still one of my favorite movie viewing memories. RT : Ten years ago today Sam Raimi's Spiderman opened.
don't fret precious i'm here. step away from the window and go back to sleep.
Woke up with my back all sore /:
Continuing to read "Bloodlands" by Snyder. Not the best Shabbat reading, but an important book.
just ordered something called the "maria burrito"... and if this cashier is maria she better not mess up my order
Naughty naughty girl..
those people are jerks. Don't listen to them!
Im almost positive, I just missed my flight.
You can Babysit me!!!! :) lmaooo
colts and Detroit Lions...originally from Ann Arbor.
what's good fam! And downloading it shit bangs!
People fail forward to success. -Mary Kay Ash
on my way home 2day I chose to walk 3miles in the LA rain it was all wet but didn't give a #&*% LoL I'm a crazy cookie but it felt awesome!
it would be more of a 'betrayal' if he didn't back Emanuel since he worked for him. CMB is really grasping here.
LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!!!!
I go from 29 to 30 folowers everyday. I want to gain not flip flop. Derp.
Beautiful day for boiling maple sap. We're using fire AND ice. Freezing has cut our boil time down by 1/4!
In the VIP tent
#ravennation bring it!
thanks for the #ff Fara! let's sign off the season in style tomorrow! have a great weekend dear! cheers!
"I can't believe that out of 10,000 sperm, you were the quickest. " ~Steven Pearl lol first laugh of the day
#GOKINGSGO GO UP 3-0 IN THE WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS!!!
Oh good lord..
Right and in the context of any discussion, that perspective can't be lost. But almost always is.
The Green Jemile? Awesome movie.
we in a funk rite now we can decide on the next single
do ya thang do ya thang do ya do ya do ya thang. ❤love that song!!
Please use this tool because it works. Thank you! # in and Please RT
In band practice
Okay... must fly. Goodnight... #Peace #Namaste'...
My thoughts exactly. But sensible me tends to come out when I'm giving advice.
Lyrics from 5 Grams about the crack era: "Too many young dependents/left as remnants/to live life as defendants"
what would i do without my dear ?? thanks for bringing me my cup of coffee! :-)
The Titans are just hard to watch this year...
Wish I'd brought my to work.
I love your phrase- not everyone can create a filing system put of a piling system! Great!!
Why was yesterday the first time I ever watched Blood Diamond? Such a good movie.
Patron Azteca Twitter Hook up, Just come in and purchase a regular Margarita and say SUPER SIZE ME, & you will get a 27oz Margaita!
Did someone say $3 Summer Shandys till 8pm. Oh wait... We did. Be there!
haha- Now if I only had his album sales numbers...
Hey no worries! Looks like you're having a great time in the Portland.
Almost didn't answer the phone :-/
added bonus...we get to see your handsome face again soon!
I think she said that too!
Why the startover button? I clicked it instead of go twice. #notpayingclose attention
I fuck around with people.. I don't care
is going to Philly, PA for the 2009 American Association of Museums Annual Meeting...I'll be back in Dallas, TX on Monday evening.
"There's plenty of fish in the sea..." "That's cool and all, but I'm human."
Deliverance to have taken place in North Carolina?
Makinq cupcakes at butter lane
thaxx queen hopefully this wknd is awesome
I taught my mom well. She now knows that when I say 'The Boys' im talking about the boys.
Who else but Buckles the Bucoto cat to show up this time of night.
It's funny how people will be so upset that you've moved on when they're the ones who pushed you away.I'm free as a bird & happier then ever
Sometimes you don't need all the flash to get the best shot.
No problem, great info and brewers do a great job w/ SM...I joined but never got going, have pinned maybe 4 times in 3 months
It's a Morrissey kind of morning.
Awesome concept for those Super Bowl ad units integrated with functionality. Imagine Shazaming an ad to unlock content and coupons!
Tomorrow uncertainty promotes today's urgency.
So cool to see the Murat Theatre on full display for the Honors show tonight.
bitch pls nobody is trying to chill your ugly ass. Cheap ass HOE mybe even groupie . U just look like it ............ So don't ..
CU still has a mens basketball team?
you're welcome
How many times have your kids done something like this??
Win through your actions, never through argument ;) x
Long nights lol
Networking and information sharing related to the real estate investing
Thor was good. I think cuz he's HOT.
Come to the P&H HappyHour special till 9. Burger Fries and a domestic for 7$!!! And 2dollar PBR draft TILL 10
Need an encouraging word tonight!! anyone have one??
In keeping with my positivism, I'm going to say,"have a lovely day, everyone!" We all know what that really means. Teeheheheh >;) <3 xo
In this era of "report it before it's official," I love the fact that Blazers GM Rich Cho is keeping everyone in the dark.
I completely agree what she did was terrible- how would she like it if that was her family
school today :( fuck that !
I wish more people were feminists altogether.
#Newarkontrent twinning AGM yesterday. Disappointing turn out. They obviously don't know that #twinning is so on trend at the moment!
JaVale McGee is not good at giving interviews.
I just love the way you are. I wanna marry you some day! ;D I love you babe <3
When a whore pops up on my notifications on fb it makes me cringe...
Just got back from my brothers D.A.R.E thing lol
“: Just dropped my iphone in a patron bucket full of water tho! 😞 <<~~~ DAYUM!!! (via )
#10ThingsIHate dumb bitches...
Puh-lease. That is merely a sign of good sense.
In flight movies with occasional vertical hold is not recommended #FTW,000ft
I just don't
I'm not quite sure what that even means. When you pour it out do you end up with a glass full of binary code?
ah, now I understand why you were "cool" when you saw mangoes on sale.
I'd think you could do different sauces. Hot would just be natural though. But feel free to honey bbq it up etc.
Is a passport required to go there, or is a state I.D. enough?
Ginger Willingham is pregnant. I'm shocked. I didn't know Josh Willingham could hit ANYTHING.
don't worry, I'm #foreveralone too.
Its a WRAP, two hours of sleep last night and two long but amazing days of shooting.
#ObamaForgot to support the legalization, taxation, and regulation of recreational drug use.
It's been a great day so far!
« When boys wrestle with you on their bed.♥»
Have you used the wind tunnel ones? Stick your hands in the machine then tornados engulf your hands!!!
obviously the ritual is the thing.
How ever you celebrate with your valentine, I hope there are lots of smiles involved!
Im in High Point...never get to see stuff like THAT though....
Great Read, "Endless Referrals" by
really all I said what your cute then you started talking shit so yea okay
not quite sure.... Hahaha
I sound like Tommy from Rugrats hahah let's hope for the best!
can i come?? please...i'll bring food
yeah thats y i need my peeps to tell their peeps if i give you a few buisness cards will you give them to ppl
If you ask me NO phone is better than another. What the hell they all work the same way so stop praising different phones
Rangers bathing suit for my birthday = so excited!!!
Takin a few snaps of Super Oasis OG and then time to hit the hay!!!
Hilo continues to roll, as they knock off No. 1 seed Kailua this is the 1st time since 2009 both 1 & 2 seeds lose opening games
Delegations for tonight have ended for tonight. Thanks for tuning in and supporting EDUCATION. Continue watching...
What's the diff between a Rottwieler and a Poodle? If Rotty starts humping your leg, let it finish.
let's hope the R's stand by their agreements on this
We have worked so hard making so many desserts and having team meetings. I am very proud of #thevoice. Thanks everyone for your support! :)
Anybody not think Vikings will take Kalil with 3rd pick Thursday?
Once in a lifetime experience to see Discovery's last and flight tomorrow in DC.
Welcome news! Just bought blood oranges, which are a great sub for lime, esp good with Mezcal. Bottoms up.
That'd be AMAZING <3 aha i love Niall
If we could change ourselves, the tendencies in the world would also change
How are you bro!?
The difference is four heart felt years of mustering
Thank God my sister and nephew are both safe.
"Most people who went through a divorce as children have few happy childhood memories." See our Facebook Tips for making Divorce more civil
Looking for a job? Have amazing .NET openings in Chicago and Area. Apply to:
dylan is not here he went somewhere by the way im hes sister
And now hanging at LAX waiting for my flight back to Minnesota!
Going to sleep early tonight
Saw a wrestler from an very old match from the 90s wearing a NEVERMORE shirt!! Good taste in music I must say!
Thanks for coming! “: Just got here super excited! Good luck everyone. :) ”
hello there! thank you so much for the shoutout~ hope you're having a great day :)
Everybody look out. Rise of the Pluto. Pluto Dash Inc.
Yeah. Any good massage therapist will do a detailed intake to elicit info like this.
#nowplaying Dance Gavin Dance --Lemon Meringue Tie. 
Ha ha, not half price but $100+ and not $800 -- good heavens, who would pay that? And not a feeling of superiority 1/2
of course we love you!
Because I shopped at the local flower shop from my hometown, they delivered my moms flowers 3 hours later. She loved them!!! 💐💐💐
Almost done with www.briophotography.com promo video...just a little bit more to go!
Ivanka Trump is beautiful!!! Love Celebrity Apprentice - I so wanna be on there cuz I am also adorable just sayin!!!
Social media for HR outreach and validation.
WOOHOO! RT : Its a great day! I have been accepted by to #studyabroad in New Zealand in the Spring!!
Its so past my bedtime! Good nite muah!!! Sweet dreams!
you made my night.
I think he's a human...
Well that 5 cent bag fee really cleaned up the Anacostia
I love the "shuffle" feature on my iPod, it's like the best radio station EVER. Except a few, how did they get in there?!
do u wanna fight lady!!!
smh at you girl x((
Disneyland is restricting it's Halloween fireworks show from regular park visitors, I'm not going to renew my pass in October now!
my parents do that too like why
haha look what you did! Now I have an excuse to go to the movies. I need that popcorn!!
Ah I hate not talking to him before bed!!
haven't done any Pink Dolphin, sorry
What a fantastic day in NYC theatre. Wandered into the drama book shop to witness a Noel Coward reading with Simon Callow, and Dana Ivey!
Next up is Rebecca AKA - she's a Teen Whisperer.
Welcome to our team Michael Sugar!
I wonder if niggaz in NY is still about that
": boo sniffs my witch 0_o" hehe
#sljsummit10 Don Leu Struggling readers often denied access to online reading - results show they often perform better when reading online
Pretty sure Jonah Hill flaming-shit-bagged Christopher Plummer's porch last night.
somebody's been playing grand theft auto
Way too short #punk'd
Looking into a WiFi router for my daughter to take to college with her
2.0 is on its way to #e20! Preview how enables enterprises to have #socbiz the way you want it.
thanks for hosting us. We all want to move in.
Love the level 10! Keep it going!
Keep doing your thing....good luck this year
i think it should be that if you are over a certain age, you should be required to take your driver's test every year.
Through tech, 30 Americans can empower people to voice their opinion. Making art accessible to everybody!
I post lots of tweets 24/7 but I enjoy conversations and getting to know you as well:)
My nose is killing me
Baja Blast is without a doubt the best drink ever made. Now to figure out how to get it at home without kidnapping someone...
follow coolest up and coming latin actress
Lol about to go fail this AP world history test with pride.... 👍
Who's going to see The Hunger Games tonight?!
#textingdisaster - Don't txt and drive. It can save your life. Seriously. Put down the phone. It's not your whole life.
Election is nearer. Are you registered? Get registered and be sure and in November.
& should appear more in episodes
yo is my nigga ... he is too funny for real - I gotta tell you this story man. your ganna die
sir, you are a delight! You're gonna be a big star.
There's 3 people that I know I can always turn to for anything: and ! Love y'all, thank you <3
So the #Saints should just move to LA and start fresh.
Good times catching up with old friends.
Sitting by the break room. Pro: first to know if free food arrives. Con: when people microwave fish
oh yeah cool im in houston right now ima look it up hows yo bball goin
Can we do it fo reall?? I thought you were down with the positive and spiritual ideas?? You can do a diss track w/ us
because u sexxy boo
A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking to you and never question the friendship.
It is. I like that the most absurd thing (her being friend with "Dawson") is actually true.
Everyone go follow my on instagram it's the same as her twitter username ;D
I just unlocked the "Bento" badge on ! Irasshaimase!
No Shoe Strings Yo Girlfriend like to Do Things Yo Girl Like To Chew Things Ball Dribble All In Her Mouth Like Im Hooping.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected. - Charles Lamb
As always it's worth making the trip to see you fight. Congrats on getting the W last night.
What a beautiful tribute for Whitney Houston.......R.I.P.
Thanks for the shout out for our Charlotte Trunk Show!
Now & then I thnk of all the times u screwd me over Part of me believin it was always somethng that I'd done But I don't wana live that way
Teach me how to dougie, teach me, teach me how to dougie.
#NP 702 where my girls at
woman on muni is making a mayo sandwich, complete with licking excess mayo off the outside of the jar.
I don't ever want to leave!!
TRIVIA TUESDAY: Wes and Jared met each other on the second day of high school. They have been best friends and bandmates since. Cute, huh?
Getting lost in San Antonio trying to find my uncle a birthday card. CVS and Walgreens had absolutely no selection. Also food coma.
Sue reached her 1000 tweet yesterday
Yes! Strange, spooky, and very well executed. I liked it much.
You have a 50 meg line?! Do you take in renters? ;D
anyone you want
Dq with Jacob mom and joey ! :)
My parent's favorite word : "No."
David Ortiz comes out to Rick Ross, which seems appropriate, while Jarrod Saltalamacchia trolls the crowd with Falco's 'Rock Me Amadeus'
Does a door count? Used to have anger issues when I was young. Still young, just no issues.
last time I remember being this excited watching #mlb is when Kirk Gibson hit that all time classic. Congrats
I need a cold drink... Preferably alcohol!
I agree with that. Sometimes a kid will turn it over when someone screaming at them to pass it to them
#kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Friday, May 4, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset Boulevard,...
Can I help trend this?
Thanks! RT : Your the best :) Can I get a retweet <-- just one click will make my day :)
Oh ok i get it
oh hey I love you too <3
Ladies, I'm complex. I'm an enigma, wrapped in a conundrum, wrapped in something really awesome, like bacon.
I'm bored...I'm gonna write a song
When people take forever to text back..
Having fun while watching my son learn to shave...it's only a thin line of hair above his lip but he's starting to get the hang of it!
watching movies with which i had a cuddle buddy hmmmf.
May your neighbors respect you trouble neglect you angels Protect you & heaven accept you.
MT KCBS Radio's "In Depth" has 30-minute interview with CA Chief Justice Cantil-Sakauye Sunday at 830am & again at 830pm
hook up with kim tonight bro
WOW....So,i will leave you.I will talk to my followers.Much love<3 Hope you follow me.
that's a whole different class.
Listening To Rick James and Shit!
Hey Mario. Any ideas on the best PC for 1400? RT : weekends what do mostly plan to use it for?
did you win it?
M(to I, who asked to sleep in her bed): "No! You'd try to have sex with me! I think both of you would! I think ANYone would!"
“: #3 for Nova best on-ball defender I've seen in all year. Easily. Dude is a nightmare” U meant Hugh Robertson
Pour it up Haaan roll one up haan shawty do it too fast then slow it up haan
Not lookin to good for money may
where my promo
Show December 2nd @ The Gate with for their EP release show!
You are welcome sir!
Once again Coach Q proves he is the worst shootout coach in the NHL. Hossa never scores, why does he never let Frolik go?
'you dont gotta drive a fleetwood cadillac; you just gotta know some of the words to fleetwood... mac!'
is trying to figure the Twitter thing out...
Agreed. Sorry to be a downer.
You cannot be friends upon any other terms than upon the terms of equality. -Woodrow Wilson
Word. Imma try to come see you.
That awk moment when mr. Bruce is doing sit ups right next to you.
the best #Rosewood couple is Ezra and Ariaa no dought !
The Olbermann sketch was horrible.
It is done. The pringles have been lifted, the sensor recorded the charge...somehow now I only wish the can were bigger...
hilarious, right? i've experienced so many of those :)
I'm sorry mr.lenz, I rather sleep then do you're take home test problems lol
That's right , the Sand Wedge very golfer's favorite tool, was invented in New Port Richey, Florida
learning about tons of tools/resources; head about to explode...
im gonna have to be on twitter all day
watching got tired of watching the globes got borning
Play yo role BOY!!!
I wish i could re-live Friday night all over again. <3
I thoroughly enjoyed that band, except for the screaming and the tight pants.
damn i just realize how of a outcast to life i am .......because i don't fit in ..
damn lucky
I'd expect a price range of $100-$500.
I love it. We sorta do this in the teen library now...we hide things in books, movies, games, etc!
I've got a wp site that uses a plugin to create pdfs, but I need to generate accurate metadata for ebscohost to harvest.
Tonight at 10 on TMJ4, the I-Team has the story of another school bus driver busted for bad behavior
Lmfao what I like about bosh he has a jumpshot
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles T-Shirts – Pizza 4 Faces Adult Charcoal
#GreysonMMag What's your favorite candy? :)
Out with lol u know what that means
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend.
Jonathan, any chance tomorrow? I am around all day. Thanks!
Custom skinning a mediawiki install isn't quite so straightforward as I thought. Now consulting books (at least not Mediawiki for Dummies!)
“: Awesome ends with "Me" and Ugly starts with "U"” Crying laughing.
Ready to sleep. Sunrise in brickell
I will 100% be there! You can count on it!
It is another year and 2012 is promising, at least, for all of us optimists.
Oh. I'm running to your arms.
it's super fun though, totally worth it :)
Sorry for making you s , i know you didnt wanna stay .
I use the same talent in the bars of tampa.
you're so perfect, omfg
I think Dianna Agron looked amazing! And yes, Dakota looked good...there was a bit too much material though, like you said.
My thoughts and prayers go out to Chris Myers and his family.
i love it too lol. easy money forsure. !!
pringles is calling plays from his moms basement.
Hope under my tree 2morrow :)
Fat cats who oversee our courts-two years of expense reports reveal gray goose martinis, steaks, wine and questions tonight at 5pm 10news
Dont forget tonight to mention: AZ PartyLife @ the door at Suede Lounge in Scottsdale for the Hookup. Line wraps around the street by 12am
Thank you for following. I love your profile pic!!!
Reno designers! Do you ? We have 1 invite we'd like to give away to a Reno local, please @ us with a link to your portfolio!
There are 5 juco coaches here watching these ladies hoop!
this was definitly the icing on my cake..definitly best mothers day ever for me!!!!!
Great conversation with about #inspiring more #dialysis and #CKD patients. Patient for 30 years a motor that doesn't quit.
Great day for WI sports..Brewers walk-off and Steve Stricker taking the JDC title!
YAY! Thank you :-)
Black ops release= date cancelled. Sweet..... Gahhhhh, stupid video game.
4yo just said to the cat "if I have to tell you ONE MORE TIME..." Funny/scary to hear my own words.
Wimps, whiners, and complainers coming out of the woodwork
There's a band with a tuba, trombone, and bass playing at this thai restaurant. Love DC.
I fucking hate school!!!! FCAT can suck my dick and gargle my fucking cum!!!
Time to go work. First equinox n long overdue steam shower.
Sorry, 6AM was not in the cards for MFF this morning. ;)
but it will be awkward. Ahh, I can't wait to take a picture of you two! 👫
coming home to my apartment feels like a punishment after a week of #TulsaTime. I miss you Tulsa, see you in the fall!
Pizza today features tomato and garlic cream sauce, sausage, mozarella, onions, and green peppers. $12, free ravioli with this tweet.
Most People Are Only Alive Because It's Illegal To Shoot Them.
energy drink + preworkout
John Zelazny's "Bad Santa" will be going on tap at the brewpub at 6 PM tonight! Stop in for a sample of some strong holiday cheer!
San Diego Press Club's J-Awards tonight. It'll be a blast -- great restaurants, wineries, plus answers to who won what! See you there!
love the blazer!
Happy Monday morning everyone.
#idRatherHave Go To BurgerKing and ask For A Medium Pizza No Sauce Just Bread Than Go To Dominos!
Ok, now I'm going lightning hunting. Time to find a high spot in Green Tree.
I am following you!!!!!
It's a surprise! ;)
lol u bet u r!!
You know you're a photographer when you know the exact times of the sunset and sunrise for the entire week.
Those are amazing! The one above the railroad tracks looks like it has a face (creepy) =) lol
www.webegreater.com now up.1st edition of SF>LA shirts to be sold prior to/during Giants vs Dodgers series in June.Follow us 4 latest info
I need all my sexy ladies to tune into 88.1 tonight. Its gonna get real crazy
heard that.
“I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.” ~ Mother Teresa”
location is still TBA, as i still haven't found a place. lol.
Going to see a movie
Wow im #selfish song tho., lol i aint heard that song n a long time.,
Aw my Bestfriends hugged me real tight (': gave me 2 hugs☺
Wish there was a Sonic close.. These commercials are makin me supa hungry
Good morning and happy #internetday for our followers.
NOT enjoying this gnocchi today!
Coworking is a movement for startups!
"I love Ariana Joan Grande" you must be new
How many #SuperBowls will #Rodgers win n his career!? I think 5 if he keeps it up!! Wat do yall think!? #GreenNyellow!
If you're heading down to Fun Fun Fun Fest this weekend definitely bring a bandana. It's crazy dusty down here.
So exactly how well do you know my friend ...
and it's only getting worse
represents this state well, Typical WVU player. Good player bad attitude.
well im logging off! haha So happy to be going home later :D i'll tweet later...
I can't stop crying... Not one ounce of good news from back home in last week or so...
I need to cut out almost 6 minutes out of show tonight. NO FUN.
..sorry i didn't get back to you. didn't see this till after the show?
Don't try to run before you can walk. - Darkovan Proverb
“ I wanna thank all yall for helping me get thru #2011 now let's go #2012”
Haha how are you :P
Nothing like having a mini break down… in front of your 13 year old… Like I want her to think she has to worry about me and my stuff...
#minnesotatwins Danny Valencia! Mr. Clutch!
i think my grandpa is part american indian
I'll be here!<3 Hang in there, lovely.
- winning. what did we bet?
Journey's
Gus Macker this year?
I just really like him. And don't know what to do.
Make that change.
yet they did for like 65mins smh..
I think part of same problem -- in some areas, we have unduly high expectations of our stuff.
is in south africa?
pray you don't have any flight delays or there won't be any trips til after college!!
Best way to describe this #bucks game is in the immortal words of Mr. Ronald Joseph Aaron Burgundy: that really got out of hand fast.
Hanna in a country bar...also kinda awkward turtle.
Sis I don't do it to get you in trouble, but learn from my mistakes, but never did I talk to our mother like that, hate now thank me later!
Beer > Vodka
was watchin the GRammy's last night and i LUVEd it #CongratstoAdele she won all 6 awards #SWAGG and i luved #ChrisBrown's performance
Come over this weekend to help me edit some of the #LearnFromTheMaster footage! It's looking awesome!
Digital strategy: Content, Devices, What is your goal? More subscribers, generating readership + social media.
It's a perfect night to stay at the Aladdin #hotel. Remember to ask about our rewards program.
Well my car is fixed, guess it was really bad
Thanks for interviewing with me on I was yelling play free bird the entire night.
Smiling Now :)
Sometimes JLo acts like she didn't realize that she would be JUDGING folks in this competition.
attention King and El Fedro i need yall to start posting pictures and music on here thank u -Bolo Da General
#Detroit win tickets to the #wwe smackdown holiday show dec. 28th at the joe on DougFM.com under the contest page... Good luck
Uncharted territory...I am up for a beach trip. I just live for an adventure...among other things.
Because we just love liberty that damn much ;)
In chicago bout work in the studio wit some of chicago's finest..I smell a new project brewing!!! Sub 0 Records let's go!!!
"On Q Entertainment" the newest Latin Promotion Company in Chicago is looking for models for our Latin night venues and promotions.
Last night I heard the longest thunder I'd ever heard--like a UFO passing over. At least I think it was thunder.
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Choreography, Resident Production goes to... Irina and Ben,
hi again twitter. i must say i didn't miss you much.
checked into same Holiday Inn in Blytheville we stayed in on tour. only thing missing is
RT for a S/O
I just bought lifetime prescriptions to the Lex Herald Leader for both of you for $8.50.
WORDS TO THE WISE: DON'T MAKE EXPENSIVE MISTAKES - PAT FORD*
Tomorrow features some of my fav films I got to view pre-festival : DETROPIA and UNDER AFRICAN SKIES plus the return of
You may fear that your partner will make a fool of you by having affairs that everyone else but you knows about
Smith Micro Connection Manager Solution now available to Clearwire wholesale partners
Oh, Groupon, a deal for a dance party? You shouldn't have. No really, you shouldn't have.
Mills just covered his head and hoped the ref would end it all soon. Luckily for him, it did. Rory is sick.
Not lookin cute at all today. Wrapped up in a hoody and yoga pants :)) lol
I WILL Followback
Bye Dipity, hello Storify for tomorrow's presentation.
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesnt believe, and leaves before she is left.
speedbumps are heavy
It is. The cake chunks are divine.
Today was filled with many meetings. One of them included a corporate sanctioned flash mob. Yeah...
I'm gonna rip this bitches hair out in a second.
Seriously, must people use speakerphones in a farm of cubicles???
WOW. The #Orioles are getting RESPECT on ESPN. I've longed for this day. #LetsGoOs Jake is no Joke.
Trip to lean
It takes a long time to grow an old friend
lmao this is so great! lol
More balloons. My friends are so cute:)
hopefully you did that yesterday and won some coin!
will be at the Vancouver USA Marathon in June! I hope you're all training!!!
Is the Komen funding disaster an example of #occupyphilanthropy? Are we seeing other examples of this kind of intervention by indiv. donors?
I only enter names and numbers in my contacts so I can c who im ignoreing when they call
Hey all you people with truetwit. i'm not following you
What my mom just said to me >>> awhhh.
Goodnight amazing peps.......Recording studio tomorrow
Nah, that was not from mcdonalds lol
That sounds amazing.
O: what's it say??
All I want is a girl that will stay truthful and will never lie to me.
Fruit and heat: RT : New favorite cocktail, watermelon + jalapeño + vodka = delicious concoction from
I had my vegetables today! I ate 3 slices of pizza!!
Then what they should do is shut down the club and ship it off to Yellowknife.
the pool remember!
RT : What's everybody up to tonight? Sim City? Me too.
drunk and playing PASSWORD. we are such knerds.
It's typical in MANY co's to manipulate hrs on timesheet if salaried - 40 is often max allowed - news anchors do homework!
Bonsallpalooza 2012 is in 3 wks on May 5th at Pala Casino, get your tickets now Stay overnight at Pala, reserve asap!
Why the fuck does it feel like Friday!!!!
I feel a lot better about myself now that I know everyone in One Direction is 18 or older and I can be attracted to them #NoLongerACreep :)
only on Wednesday nights! It's pretty new ~ & long overdue
The next big thing: digital pancakes.
and that's likely to be the case as well. Definitely not going into this match as confident as I'd like to.
Well that sucks. I tried logging in to like, 7 of my old youtube channels and none of them are working. One of the accounts had 986 subs :(
Tomorrow: look for our booth at 's Business Expo!
YES! Oatmeal is the best. With brown sugar!
what are you doing..
Table secured at the Marathon. Ready for the FA CUP FINAL!
Exciting!! THank you!!
I really like your vision! Mogul Marathon. Would like to work with you someday
SIR. THERE MIGHT BE SOMETHING WRONG WITH YOU
Make this Summer count, do something wise with your time. Volunteer and give back to your community. Remember, every little bit counts =]
What should Larry Page focus Google on now? My vote: get serious about social media and Google TV. What's your vote?
Call me childish if you want, but I still hold onto that last bit of hope.
Recording sessions
go soul!
Picture texts of our brand new niece might be the only thing keeping me sane today.
Just saw Cabin in the Woods. Totally awesome and not the typical horror plot you're thinking. Summer movie season has begun!
Post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today for free tell your friends about us also if you would like
that sucks
Why pay millions for something you can put online, right?
So I guess I'm nothing but drama...well if you say soo
Same here. We seem to have lots of common connections.
Several reboots of the modem & router later, I was ( ) close to reading a book tonight.
I'd see that band.
Worked last night now 2 days off, taking my kid shopping
going to o'charleys with my family(:
Massage parlor raid... so much for my happy ending
@ Valley India cafe with my spouse; Enjoyed Authentic south Indian cuisine in LA after a long time! Goat biryani must try.
I'm not single, I'm in a long distance relationship with someone who lives in my future.....
Resentment is a beautiful song :")
#ItGetsMeMadWhen nobody texts me >:(
I gotta shave this dirty ass 'stache off my face immediately.
Listen girls...stop texting me your sob stories. I can't fix you're bad choices but I can provide you a diagnosis...it's called "MBS"
Had fun today with the family now going to relax and watch some movies with my sister and nephew . Happy 4th of July!!!!
Tom-yes it's available, Julia or Caryn would like to talk to you, because it's an import item 1-800-42-MUSIC Can u call them?
I want to text you, just to say hey, but theres a pretty good chance you'll see my name and press cancel...
Wait a minute! Where did you get a 6 pack of Hopslam??!
I think you look beautiful!
my alergies is kickin my ass
ultra lame choice should be a productive member of society
Going thru my files put me 1 step closer to my next big project--developing an online archive for a now defunct publication
Audition for a disney channel show today... Can always play these up a bit... :)
Thx for any RT! to perform stunning "All About the Women" concert at , Fri 4/20 at 8pm! Must see!
Dropbox fantastic for sharing files with co-researchers. sharing
Noodles & Co NEW Fishers restaurant, open hiring tomorrow from 10a-12p, 8654 E 96th St, Outgoing? Energetic? Enthusiastic? Apply in person!
yeah both of my finals were in there even tho neither of the classes are lol
Thanks Mike! RT : Good article on Pocket Tales. You guys are doing some great work over there.
Before you talk shit and write it on Twitter, learn how to spell first.
Songs for my #minimarathon playlist RT : Journey is a must.
happiness is often the result of being too busy to be miserable- a fortune cookie
ok sorry and i hope your dad feels better.
You have got to be shitting me. Johnny Damon? I got taken yard by Johnny fucking Damon?
I'd rather live a life of "oh wells" than a life of "what ifs"
Yeah he does! RT Quote taken out of context: says "...but I have the taste of meat in my mouth."
My bed has never felt this great before!!
GOOD DAY GOOD PEOPLE!
Being a fan is stupid.
Finally getting the "Boys & Girls" album from Alabama Shakes for my commute today. I've been really looking forward to this!
not going to prom anymore !
That's cool
Both projects posit alternative histories through critical and reparative memorial practices: "connective memory work"
Best of luck to our new Iota Pledge Class!
I'm sorry, correct nomenclature: "NOIDist" (via )
The Dallas Cowboys are really coming together!
Discussing benefits/liabilities of working in public. Concerns include misleading people, overpromising, tipping off others
good mornin how you doin love
Solid day today
this may sound corny, but i wanna see your o face
How can we ensure our teachers know these strategies?
Did anyone take any pictures last Saturday? We're looking for a couple of good shots for the print version of the review.
how about a mention of www..arethepackersundefeated.com with on this morning. Created by a huge fan.
Consumer Electronics Association (CEA) represents job creators in high tech and innovation industries. Proud to have their HQ in Virginia.
$12 Buck Tuesday- Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens! Add on Unlimited Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for only $5 more!
Wish it would snow, I so want to go skiing!!!
2 new stored opening 30% off with twitter account check them out
UR PRETTY....NOT IN A LEZBEAN WAY (DONT NOW HAW 2 SPELL THT)........p.s.not a lesbean
I know the feeling lol. I wear yellow shorts and shirts all the time
I think Juan Williams should be compensated by the very cowardice decision NPR made to Fire him.
Say I had life-size cutouts of + members made & records playing during my wedding reception, Would people buy it?? 😉😉😊
The Kindle Fire is definitely on our list as a great option for the casual web browser and reader.
ICYMI #Breaking: #GollumW.Bush endorses #MittsyRomney while slithering into retreat behind closing elevator doors Details
Governor's office announces end of fingerprints for food stamps. Cuomo down state, but calls into albany presser
Last nights show was one for the memory bank. Feels good to be living The Dream.
best idea I've heard in awhile.
lol im back on sorry bout that lol
I guess gifs are the hanging mobiles of the digital age :)
Day one on fitness kick relapse! Chicken & veggies 4 lunch & then a 5 mile jog! Will I pass out???
Supporting at risk families can help children live with dignity, safety, and health and make positive contributions to society
Thanks! We love that you love us !
RT : Heading out to meet cool people, eat yummy chocolate & sip delicious wine at Theo's with the rest of the #ChocoTweetup group!
I'm purdy tired... And hungry... Don't know if I should eat these chips
Trick or treat! Let's make some money for the #RISD Annual Fund!
:) I followed you on instagram.!
The here and now is all we have, and if we play it right it's all we'll need.
Vinny got his mohawk back. Omfg. The tears. I can't.
#CRE offer for the day: Refer a friend & new members get free MSA eMarket blast! Contact us at 888.889.1063 or !
i bet it is fun for ya'll to have so many fan including me i love ya'll and i wish i could see ya'll in concert one day. bye:D
New C-L-E shirt is really nice.
Okay okay I'll admit maybe just a little lol
been writing a lot of music!! can't wait for you to hear it
They are all very different. Feels more like listening to a musical than a band in some ways.
Mojo's World is currently under construction. I am completely refurbishing the site! so Stay tuned for the new Mojo's World! :)
If I create an HTML form, will it generate an .php file so my visitors can email me their info or will i have to create one?
pa follow mga dude!
Ima start going bak to how I use to b which is saying how tf I feel at tht moment & don't give a fuck how yu feel at the end! ,
I need a good massage
I accidentally a word: reading 's Checklist Manifesto on my trip & learning a lot - highly recommend!
Its mad bright out thought I woke up late !
You too, Mark!RT thanks for the follow Amanda. Good to meet you and some of the NFLPA team yesterday
Love "eyes open" by Taylor Swift. :)
thank u sis! I'm sorry so late responding. Been crazy over here but yes can't wait to meet up! & very special Happy Birthday 2 U!!!
Never did I just have to put my uggs on
that was directed at Chris for liking Biebs. But same goes to you and your boy Wiz
i will find sanctuary in your arms
oh ya and
and sorry for being weird and creepy today
Picked up a last minute gig @ Bananas in Poughkeepsie this weekend Upstate tweeps come say hi!
Why was erickson selected in a week, but 2 months to find coach? Erickson states he won't be around as long as football coach
at georgia periemter college at the dunwoody campus right now and bored
I thought I saw you on the road today :) happy new year Tony.
I'm pretty sure I just watched a 3D movie without glasses because they put the wrong film in the movie theater.
Andre Iguodala's Achilles Injury Raises Concern for
my favorite graffitti in a vegan restaurant. "Have you hugged a fat vegan today? Yes! We exist!"
ha ha. i just couldn't pass that up. obi wan!
Good shit man!
oh I live like 5 min from downtown I live by like norridge and harwood heights
Just on the mountain bike, not the road. I cracked a rib I think, and got some cuts, but I finished the ride. So I'm OK.
Ethics 20/20 hearings ongoing; I am in Judicial Disqualification hearing on proposals to amend Rs of Judicial Conduct
Are people seriously still saying that? It stopped being clever roughly the second time anyone did it.
A dot has been added from WNY :)
We may not have scored again, but we didn't let them score, either.
Traci Lords needs a musical comeback. 2000 fires?
Thanks for the nice Christmas wishes! And the same to you!!!
Need a job in Arkansas, tweet me!!
Thanks for having my back! I owe you one. Teamwork!!! xoxoxo
There are going to be setbacks. It's whether or not your let them set YOU back that matters.
Come down if you want. I forgot my power cord so I would be typing much tonight.
Me & Alex went for the corsage c: now we just have to wait till Saturday. PROM!
waaaittt huh!? :O
i really like what is gonna wear tomorro:))
Anyone else wondering whether we're moving from #Democracy to #Democrazy? This is going to be ONE heck of an ELECTION PROCESS IN 2012!!!
anytime love! >> is always in them he probably has better advice.
Exactly! Oh no....Downton Abbey isn't on for another week. What will we ever do! Heavens to betsy.
RT : You like to take pics of cupcakes on #instagram? #Facebook will now push Weight Watchers ads to you! #YAY :)
RT : 1st of 6 informational meetings done today for the Firemen will be mentoring in
Register at www.watchnhllive.com to get all the up to date hockey news and discuss hockey in our forum come enjoy the action.
I'd like that.
Want to see something really scary? Herman Cain has the DNC and the GOP establishment scared... all for different reasons! Yes he Cain!
#alliclass is in session!
Awesome Blog Paolo!
Nice seeing you too, lady! Thanks for coming by :)
New SINGLE CHEF Live at 6pm LA time Salmon Croquette and Raosted Potato's done in 23 minutes. Watch live tonight! www.theroomlive.com Matt
+1 RT I've still never seen an episode of Desperate Housewives.
Practice was awesome today.
Is it still considered #BlackFriday if it starts on Thursday night?
haha...true that but I'm a twin and she got the nasty attitude..I'm too nice..smh
hanging with tori and tomrrrow after school.! woop woop going to be fun!
_ You are welcome for the Klout!
RT Lol i`m watching MB videos yo ! Acapellas, interviews & MBCams. DANG I MISS THOSE. *fans watery eyes*
Any attorneys with #crossborder lending experience looking for in-house work? email
Sitting at a lecture by #DrManiBhaumik on quantum physics. Why am I even here again?
Doing some research for the upcoming "Yelp Redemtion" blog. Anyone seen a good one lately? Let me know.
Start w staff. Be willing to listen. Look at the numbers, the questions, the needs. Ask the user.
Finally, Sergent Garcia helped me to chase the sleepy bug away.
About to visit w/ & Edna on a gorgeous day in NY!
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana man (Cinderella man/rain man)
Love it!
Have fun at Panda Express?:D
yay! Also, u still want to shopping tomorrow for the food and stuff?
...Need 3 more yrs to decide? let me grab another beer, if this is gonna take awhile is like to start it with cheers
I am female. Fe=iron Male=man Therefore I am Ironman ^_^
they may serve beer too
Wants to go see Dark Shadows!!
saw the space shuttle flyover today!
I feel like a ticking time bomb...this baby could come at any time (according to signs leading to labor). The waiting game begins....
wait, i thought you "lived" here?
I could use a head massage right about now! 
happy monday everyone. just preparing today for segment airing may 8th for #babyshower #gift #ideas. stay tuned!
Whhaalleee just finished my book!! Now I need back to go to the library tomorrow to return it & get another one!!
ok what's ur name on fb?
same to you. :)
Volunteer Adult Literacy Tutors needed in the Downtown, West Indy, Wayne, Pike, and Eagle areas. Find out more: 275-4036 www.indyreads.org
Three visits from On-Trac then one from FedEx, USPS. I was wondering about UPS. Open the door? Two packages there.
When the cat's away the mice will play!
I cannot wait for and a week apart from eachother in syracuse!
haha, I haven't found anything to hate yet, m, tacos.
I've now waited over 10 hours yesterday and today for a service person to show up at my house. How is this acceptable?
Impressed by President Obama's speech. It wasn't a partisan speech, it was a well-thought out plan for the future.
Overwhelming desire for fried apples and chocolate syrup over ice cream.
Hahaha just saw the dance. You did so good !!! Officially love Mike Greenberg more than when I read his book. ;)
it is currently 85 degrees, wet, and rainy, but it is supposed to be very sunny, clear, and warm for the next week.
Thanks for the follow! Huge fan right here. Props.
Elementary students appreciate the ability to participate w/out having to raise their hand in front of everyone.
Im a lover not a fighter :) ❤
Not to mention... The Cure, Duran Duran, Midnight Oil, The Fixx, The Tubes, The Sugar Cubes... lol... shall I go on...
Excited for the bruins game tonight... They r going to do some serious damage to the canucks!
En route to Nottingham with to see
OH MELO IS THAT U??? I'M CONFUSED.... LLS
Make sure you practice smiling all day today and refusing to let folks make you age faster with drama and mess! Stay Positive!
One thing I gotta do this summer is start lifting again, get my weight up
The moment I've been waiting for! Adele!!!
Giant hole on the inside as far as Ankiel's swing goes. He Can't foul those off. Big K.
it went very well. Came in at exactly an hour. That will never happen again.
so hyped for my dominos to be ready pdfogjilkhndfh.
You must of caught a glimpse of me in your carrot patch.
Of course I would have been. Then my opinion would have been the worse of the two.
Sorry if I don't answer the phone every time you call...sometimes I just can't take my headphones off...morgen
is that a good thing?
Hello everyone! We have lots of food and lots of space today so come on in!
Both teams stink RT : Clippers and Grizzlies are 11-of-41 from the field and neither team is shooting 30%.
Yeah Yeah but I see that u r still checking for me!
Thanks for the follow!
Plane boarding, seconds left. Worst possible timing EVER.
2 finals left tomorrow then im done with my freshman year of college! Ah! Wish meh Luck!!!!!
Watching #iona beat on #mormons like #santorum (ugh)
I had tuna for lunch but that sounds so good !
thanks! We'll hit him up.
If you write on your profile that you help people find work through Linkedin, and you belong to a group I belong to as well, how come your …
What's going on about this stupid rumor of justin cheating on selena with this kaydee girl?
The funds youth media in 26 communities from newspaper 2 radio 2 tv but w/ journalism focus 2 promote free speech.
Thank you honey!
Send me some Athens fries!
she is beyond precious!!
we did dance look at the weather today...ur welcome :)
I think they thought I was you on FB, because I've been getting all the stupid messages about it.
Can't we all just get along? RT : that's cool not like i'll be there too or anything
I should be editing..but now I am watching Teen Witch... You can respond with your jealous comments.
Severe thunderstorms on January...nice...
Ok thankx man. Im gonna email u
A big congrats to our and their win over the Miami Heat tonight!
Welcome back! I missed you.
Good run extended - This is Kent
Bulls beat the Bobcats by 32 tonight, MJ is about to be responsible for the greatest NBA record ever (96 bulls) and worst ever (2012 bcats)
At my Doctors office waiting to do my follow up exam, after my surgery.
Whooho! Off to see Coldplay live after work today! Who is going to be a rocking grandmama? Me!
Promo code alert! $100 off Colorado flight+hotel packages. Go to travelocity.com/colorado and use 'COLORADO100'.
Eating Well: Magic crust reminiscent of 'impossible' ones - West Fargo Pioneer
said it could have been don't think it was
Ok Cowboys just to let you know We are due for a Super Bowl start connecting with each other and let us see you become number one again.
I pooped my pants..
so excited for last night and for what the Lord has in store for today! hope the Lord blesses yall's days as well :]
Hopkins: A World inside a City is Fri @ Turner Auditorium. Courtland Robinson, Ph.D, Bloomberg School of Public Health is a storyteller.
well it looks damn good! I wanted to get a dream Catcher tatted on me too! But now I can't :( but it looks amazing though!
Getting ready to board the train to Chicago. #MWRC12 here I come :)
Although I did earn over $1000 in OT last week so I think its ok to spend just a little of it on myself
ustream right now!
Over lunch got two new producing gigs. Drinks are on me tonight.
yep! Love CALI
listening to repeat show - my fav phrase:put on your big girl panties & deal w/ it!!
Marty: As a Washingtonian, I thought I knew open spaces. But man, Houston to Orange is a hike — and that's only East Texas!
please click the follow button =)
happy happy happy happy bbbbbbbbbbbeeeeee day!
Those are the best kinda of vacations! #loveyou :)
Just as a song falls apart with inconsistent time, so does a life where time is interrupted and restarted at the incorrect speed
I just opened safari on my phone & I forgot the last thing I was looking was porn lmao
Sleeping alone<<<<<
": wait in here listenin to Heavy Metal music 0_o Alrighty!!!" Lls u funny!
Long but successful day, tryna celebrate 2nite..
Enjoyed my day w/ my Mommie & sisters :)
ok...I'm done this time...
“Fashion fades, only style remains the same” - Coco Chanel
Ah.... creating textbooks, the good stuff... iBooks Author
Nothing feels better than crawling into bed after a long day
is awesome.
I think the #Zoltan thing is pretty lame, but if it gives the offense any pulse, sign me up.
just got home #weloveyouaustin♥
Best brain foods include cranberries, egg whites, grapefruit, kiwi, lemons, lentils, oats, olives.
"Hell is full of musical amateurs." -George Bernard Shaw
I've still got a 9-5, could we meet at lunch time?
Got offered the job at Staples! Will be beginning paperwork and schedule on Monday. Swizz!
In the lab with ...wait tell yall hear this one
I didn't want you to see my giant pimple 😞.
Sometimes it's depressing how efficient I am working late at night. Maybe I need to shut off email/IM during the day to simulate conditions
sounds nice, sit back and read ! Good luck! We miss you already!
Uh, that sounds cool.
RT : The only explanation for the way some people dress for the airport is they think no one else will be there.
The Best !
Welcome to the danger zone. Step into the fantasy. You are not invited to the other side of sanity.
This is def worse loss ever 4 me! 2nd is 07 title game loss, 3rd 98 SB loss to Denver! Also, wild card playoff loss to 9ers
3 steps to have a great morning; open your eyes, take a deep breath and go back to sleep. Good Morning.
Anything you can imagine is real. -Pablo Picasso
Lunch at Philippe. Love that this joint pretty much looks like I think it looked in 1908 when it opened.
Special thanks to our sponsors , Comprise and Innovative Interfaces for making the Tech Summit such a great event!
Season four of The Vampire Diaries is going to be AMAZING.
Adults with food allergy session with Allergic Girl conference! Yay!
a stretch - looking for Irish "McFerron" ancestors
calling out on our current leader board battle...
Twitcam isn't working:( I can't get on 'S :/
Damn it. Too bad the line at Church's chicken was too long.
Dro: Eyes on the prize, mind on the title, Dro lookin' in the mirror, seein ... - Gonzales Inquirer
Man. That is seriously a heartbreaker. RIP, Whitney Houston.
RT : Thank you from the Harp and Shamrock for the best potato soup ever!
“: I am so glad I'm known as a weirdo and not a slut or a drunk or a drug addict.”
Get your pup's costume ready for our 4th Annual HOWLOWEEN party on Thursday, Oct 27th at 7:30pm.
Home sweet....oh god why did I come home?
Please.Please.Please.Follow 'm begging you. #RyanSeacrestFollowRicardoOrdieres (:
finally someone else who thinks that. Lol
pretty much!!
google my name pacmang74 i'll post new beats soon.
Got another gig announcing at the freedom stadium for amateur games and tourneys!
How is Mark Grace not managing in that league?
Awesome! See you there! RT : Just received your invite for the Holiday Gala
Apparently I have mad Grimes tracks. I'm enjoying quite a few. Would I be wrong to say I like some of the older stuff better. Not bad though
We are not open. But if you didn't get enough turkey show up tomorrow and have a Thanksgiving dinner calzone. I'm not kidding.
Wow is all I can say. Punter on third round? Really? Glad I am a Ravens fan!
Never!? Really! Still working on your movie!
“: the more you give, the more you get.” Holler!!!!!!
#JohnNichols from will be on today discussing #ALEC. Come out of the shadows boys, #wethepeople are watching.
This goes without saying... RT coffee ;)
And then there were no rules about "leave the family alone" Everybody was fair game incl chickens, goats and dogs.
Amar’e Stoudemire is out after punching a fire extinguisher - whats is up #NBA ??
has been getting mostly compliments on my announcing voice.
Dear Creep who sits next to me in period 1 Stop staring Sincerely, A banana's all I have for breakfast today -_-
Band concert then free pancake day at ihop
Watching #ToughLoveNewOrleans and might i add i thought i had some dating issues but dayumm ladies wth!?!?
message my fb cause my phone diedd
You are welcome!
prefers Hweat Thins to Cool Hwip.
is she getting shiny buff?
The 1 Million Accounts Linkathon begins soon on Facebook for ManyFreeThing's site AFREETHING.COM/yours Where you place is where your linked!
. will announce "strategic collaboration" with to offer interactive programming around major sporting events via
ready now! Sucks that it's gonna be 4 weeks before we can really get going!
I have a bunch of rogue strawberry patches growing in my front yard.
Forgot me "." beforehand.
This beer tastes vaguely of spearmint. In a surprisingly good, earthy way.
New day dawns for the program...the alumni and students in this program will change the face of corporate education...
Text me
pretty incredible Look forward to running into at a show one of these days. keep rocking! sj
Did you do anythind special for moms at services?
Just watched #Five Year Engagement with I loved it! , , ChrisPratt were hilarious!
I couldn't even respond to her ignorance..I'm just like draw my blood and be quiet mmk
Ditto here. (MBA; double major Biz/Econ) What does that have to do with Ann Romney? (net worth $200 million)
The Nue Jazz Project Jazz Club Sat. Aug. 13th 4-7pm Click on the link for further details and to RSVP!
You know, #Surrey could avoid the follow-on if they are allowed to multiply their runs by their wickets.
Jenny girl shall I come visit you not this weekend but the next?
but yet American women and British are still giving it up. Smh
Whatever happened to Herman Cain? I kinda miss that annoying #999 nut job.
BLB fans make sure your following and This is how we can tell who is a real fan and who's just a follower. DO IT!! RT!
To be ignorant of what occurred before you were born is to remain always a child. ~ Cicero
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BO LOL
Watching How I Met Your Mother >>>>>
looking for a hair elastic i won't miss... where'd i put that wicked loose one?
I can't make promises like that.
Someone call MTV and request that me & denise have a reality show called Pimp My Pants ;)
we all retweet
At This Rehearsal Wit & is up
Is she writing me a letter too?
Follow me back Is an Hot account related to Porn ;)
. applauds the president's decision to support same sex marriage
Shark Tank MIGHT be one of the best shows on TV.
Mac & Cheese is the sole reason I haven't gone completely vegan... M.
Courage is internal belief.
No leg or arm pain today!!!! Thank God for new matresses!
#Sabres' #Rob #Niedermayer sidelined for two weeks
Who's coming to hang out with us at TOMCATS WEST in Ft Worth, TX on Thursday for the show with ?!?
I know that I just said we gon get bacci's tmaw
Think im going to get me some sonic...
Ah, right. Goto is really confusing because it doesn't do that. Only way to do that is setting playback position via script.
Wade is frustrated af
ok jay z lol
Pro Tip: always good to drain all your holes before a weekend ride.
Any resident owning a vehicle registered at an address within the ERPP program area will become eligible to apply for residential permit.
oh ! if only you can be so crazy like me & go under his shirt & touch his body lmfao
The infamous debate! J. Rose talks about skip 1.4ppg in HS and playing JV as a junior!
Write the bad things that are done to you in sand, but write the good things that happen to you on a piece of marble. -Arabic Proverb
I hate feeling like I did something wrong. 😭🔫
I'm feeling like that one time in Target...
#WhatILoveMost is cuddling with someone .
haha yo its all good. thanks
I'm a lucky turkey! and I went on a date recently! :)
lol I'm just that nigga I can change people ;)
Haha! Not too much damage was done, fortunately :)
Wow I'm addicted to twitter.
Remember everyone you can post your Lyons events here.
but a chicken wang?
Beautiful...very beautiful...see DOCTA FUNKKNU when U r ready for da FUNKK
well nice when I get back to Indy we'll share one!
Headed to showcase with Casting Director Allen Hooper. Looking forward to it- he always cracks me up!
He's the workout guru of ATL. When you see him tell him I did not forget about him and I'll see him soon.
Live, laugh, love, FART.
Relationships are like glass. Sometimes it's better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
For more information about them, see ourmanagement page
Happening on former Guthrie site?
LOL I figure if I get it done early this morning I'm DONE and don't have to fight the crowd on Saturday or Sunday :)
I fucking hate having to run to catch the train.
Agree to disagree.
Wow, I think I still have my 3dfx Voodoo Rush lying around somewhere.... this stuff belongs in a museum.
SO GOOD
NEW! Google Instant: Major Change for SEO
people that seen me perform know im one of the best after you see me ill have your mouth falling to yo chest
Slightly what, you ask? I'LL NEVER TELL!
oh HELL YEA baby bird!!!!!!!! u r so smokin freakin HOT
On 524 on the way back to Detroit. Another week away from home.
Oh shit yeah. Show needs Michonne.
Thanks guys its building www.spiritflowtv.com lets hit five more tonite
i hate tooth aches ah freaking hurts lol
Welcome to NY, Tebow. Those are called hookers. Unlike your offense, they're easy to score with.
We hope everyone stops by and joins in for #ANHKC last event "Famous Faces Mask-Making Party," a fun & free printmaking experience. Sat 11-1
still in mine right now......it's fine..
Doesnt matter what we do if the refs give the heat every call
Jazz-Spurs Preview - USA TODAY
At least I'll get to see the keynotes and read all of the daily news writeups -- something I never quite accomplished when attending
I'm on my way!
u guys don't even know half of it .just keep the abuses coming. Eventually u will stop coz I already said sorry
Anyone know the cartoon Grayling is referring to?
Y are u goin to Evansville
folks r afraid of him. rt I don't understand why they keep Kasey around. He's such a snake!
one time i reached the max of tweets in a day when i was trying to help #saveninelives, didn't work :( what ever happened to them in the end
BRB Going On My Backup
Thanx loves for all the support, it truly is helping me not to be so scared & hopeless right now.
She know every song on the mixtape.
There ain't no other kind like mine ;p RT just one of a kind ;)
Who let her come out of the house looking like that -_-
Congratulations to all the drivers who competed in the 100 Acre rally! Hope everyone had fun and a special shout out to the volunteers!
Does the #rapture start at 6 PM eastern time? Or british time, and then move from time zone to time zone?
yeah I'd like that pick. Big, tall speedy WR. Something we've never had. Just tall and slow..
RT : High Heat & Humidity - stay hydrated - what you TODAY will help later this week - hydrate, hydrate, hydrate
Caramel deLites are evil little cookies and they're calling my name.
Do u know where the Waltons lunch box is ? Find it and 2 other artifacts and win a prize during
The wine is flowing, appetizers have been served. Life is good.
We can still split this series?
i've been a vegetarian for 10 years.
meet the latest fan - Woot.
Sen. Collins says she will vote for Blunt amendment "with a lot of conflict" cuz "I think...amendment has a lot of flaws"
you are already living the life. this just kicks it up another notch.
Thanks for mentioning our publications and sharing our blog on Soft Skills. We're looking forward to following you!
De hello I need too speak to big boiiii is de big boiiii hear cuz like a sombudyyyyyyy who is speaking oh nothe fuck fuck guy (loling)me
": I'm Not Missing Anymore School After Today"
Hell Yeah cant fuckn wait!
cindyhill: Tasty Red Fish dinner w Canadians (Thanks Daniel!) & others after WWII museum (Dad landed on Utah Beach-never talked about ...
Psyched for Mother's Day dinner ! But fair warning to the chef that my MIL may cause
bored!! omg so much to do, so little money :( I need a sugar daddy so bad
Shoreline 80, Lower Columbia 77.......FINAL......LCC’s season ends game short of trophy round.
SORRY ive been crazy busy & im the WORST at call backs!! :( i promise phone date soon...& if not, real date when ur in CA? :)
thanks bud! hope your having a great weekend!
On my way home. I'm so so so tired.
Great chat with today for Look for Part 1 Monday!
I LOVE YOU MORE! man i wish i was there to see you spaz :)
Make sure to tune in to Fox6 tomorrow at 9am to see the camp represented on tv!! =)
ITS MY BEST FRIENDS BIRTHDAY AND I WANNA SURPRISE HER
RT : simplicity is the ultimate sophistication #devlearn (I think that should be our company's mantra)
Yes! i'm so HAPPY! :DD
Telling... RT : Orson Scott Card just called the world of The Hunger Games "stupid & unbelievable" . He's never read the book.
Judicial activism=Creating new law to fit the desired outcome (e.g., Roe v. Wade) versus basing the outcome on Established LAW.
You put ur arms around me and im home,how many times will u let me change my mind and turn around I can't decide if ill let u change my
Done. RT : Martini Monday! Ask Amanda for tonight's $5 Raspberry-Jalapeno or have a classic.
Right there with ya!
REVIVAL TONIGHT AND TOMORROW NIGHT 7pm North Narrows Tabernacle Narrows Va come and be with us. I'm ready for a powerful move of God!!!
Landed, checked in the hotel...now @ Practice...putting in work
Plan for birthday? Send Seski pic of where are on Oregon150. or post Facebook and tag.
I'm using the Samsung Galaxy II just FYI.
You've got the beat.
is giving away a daily "care package" for next 2 wks to person who tweets the most - must include: #HeadlessRed & bit.ly/rbYBrt
Thanks Alice! Always great to hear from satisfied customers! :)
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways treat his woman the same as he wants her to treat him <33 don't do something you dont want done to you!
today is just gonna be a cluster fuck of love and candy
this is the part of me that ur never gonna ever take away from me....7/15/10
Who is your favorite Hero in a Story?
your last name is not the only reason I root for you on the voice. You are the real deal.
MSRP is a Fair Price for That New Car
Thanks for the suggestions - since it's an intro to ethics course, I am looking for a nice contrast/complement to MLK.
AKA The Brazillian (Rainforest?) Not damaged - removed. RT : Vagina Logging with and
you shouldnt say that word carlee aha
Watching these idiots on Discovery Channel try to catch BigFoot! These are 40 year old grown man! Hahhaaha
nice work! Looking forward to our joint scanning project!
111 stairs climbed to top of lighthouse, could not look down, sod that for a game of monkeys !
Dinner with the fam
When children are deficient in nutrients early in life, even if the get nutrients later, their cognitive development will always be behind.
Really great pres by Anne Bahde abt patrons using a Bookeye for scanning in UCSD reading room.Liked her confronting fears framework.
The wine/kg mixture of last night did me in ladies and gents. Time to get out of bed I guess.
it really is that good!
Hi there please will you follow you loves you so much so please do.
The Carolina Raptor Center in Charlotte is offering free day tomorrow. I think I'll take my granddaughter for a stroll and see the birds!
I saw a vagina recently, and the first word that came to mind was "pastrami,". Nuff said. Lol.
This is how I choose my candidates. If they get big donations from corporations or lobbyists I scratch them off my list!
Had a great couple days in TX. Love seeing families passionate about swimming & spending time w/ , KLJ, MW.
I can't stand a algebraic liar- u tell two good lies hoping it makes a positive.
": #Taurus females are loyal and devoted when in love." that's 10000000% true :)
what? Don't judge.
That's amazing! Guess only 1 copy produced? would love to have one, I bet.
Easter is right around the corner and everything is coming up rabbits! Rabbits can make great pets, but deciding to adopt a rabbit...
I'm actually a speaker this year! Totally excited!
yea, time to watch 21 jump st
The FF thing is "Friday Follow" - some T. tradition that's sprung up. & rt. re: Zen. No One is looking for Zen on Twitter. Yet..
This week is going to be crazy busy but extremely exciting at the same time. Can't wait to sing at Carol of the Lights on Sat!!
Happy Fourth of July! God Bless America!
Idek what to do anymore ... I'm so lost..
Already the best day ever!!!!!!!!!
what to do-demi lovato on replay lolol oldest song ever idek
Why is it always so hot when it's hot? Yeah, I am blonde inside.
Is there a Vegas bet I can take on Tannehill mouthing "That's surprising" a la Brady Quinn if the #Dolphins pass on him? I want that action.
Save me from the library!!!!!
Good things happen to those who wait
Hey Man.Just wanna let u know i think u can do gr8 things here in Jax & have a fun yet productive off..Peace & Keep Rockin'!!
aww miss you! Promise we will see you Saturday as we will be in area. Can't wait :) RT“: come and get! :) we lo
One should get praise for being amazing, not for their efforts. The performers tonight need to learn that IMMEDIATELY.
Thanks! And, hopefully very soon. Our internal mtg was postponed due to Julie's house flooding!
Thanks, Linda!
Yeah it definitely sounds like it.
gud night twitter
Lu Lu's Beehive is packed right now. Great show !!
Junior Knowledge Manager/Business Researcher Opportunity in San Francisco, CA!
There's a huge bug in my house omg.
no problem ;)
- i better add minutes to my cell phone plan
Funny when you hear dark skin dudes saying they prefer light skin girls...lmao shut up and get a life.
Good morning all
It is pretty dope. RT : btw i have the best twitcon
Thank you so much for the shout out!:D
An escort service applying for a liquor licence is based out of a home off McCarran Boulevard.
we're on the case and building up our #futurefund bid
Wow, that about sums it up!
I've never met anyone who has been to Siberia! Are there any on twitter?
I know. It's all natural, no preservatives, and no high Fructose corn syrup. Sounds so good.
your hair looks extra curly today?? Lol
like what?
Bikram @ 13 years old won the National India Yoga Championship. Inventor of 26 pose practice (that's 2x13 poses).
I'm watching mean girls. The manliest chick flick ever
exactly and he in the price range Arsenal like
We're happy to have Brooke join us as a new team member!
When writing/recording you should always ask yourself. Am I just talking to talk or am I giving my audience something useful...
thanks I know im l8!
nice hahahah what you doing??? :)
A few words of encouragement can go a long way
I fucking hate your bitch ass! You better hope i never see you around town.
Lucku ducky. Have fun (;
david rosenthal (lockss): consideration for #digitalpreservation: cloud storage is not falling in price as fast as the cost of media
#FF People we love to follow:
Its not right, but its ok, I'm gonna make it anyways.
New idea for a tattoo sleeve. Get the number pi tattooed wrapping all the way up 2 my shoulder with a piece of apple pie @ the top.
Man I'm bout to be fucked up
That article is broken into 28 pages on the iPhone, which seems a bit excessive.
As I was collecting my trash can, a neighbor was cussing out someone who told her she doesn't pray enough? Talk about missing the point!!!
omg! I wish Britney would come back for a 2nd leg but I don't think she will because she didn't sell out or wasn't even close :/
AROUND THE HORN | ESPN
one day you will find those monkey bars you're looking for. and on that day, you will swing like no girl ever has before! ;)
Happy Friday! Relax at home, sit by the fire, sip your favorite OYO whiskey or vodka and watch it snow ...
lol watz up with that "#zap" thing u guys keep doin....+h and I hope u guys r havn a awesome time in oz
Beyoncé faria duas coisas maravilhosas nessa festa: put it in a love song e baby boy! africa feelings
shower den bak to studio
Driving in downtown St. Pete <<<<
Appalling! Guest priest at St. Huberts says not supporting Marriage Amendment will lead to beastiality.Why was this man allowed in the door?
/ : Let's meet up middle of next week.
The big #calmail fail is just crazy.
I love Daddy Dingus!<3<3 He makes the world go round!:)
Movie night!!!
This lady bumpin' her gums on the phone while her lil' son & daughter walking behind her. What kind of parenting is that?
We have a new server ready - vpn-co21 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
Thank you so much! Your tweet made me happy! :)
With Hearing 's single #BoyFriend !
Watchng Benie Mac Tribute... Comedy Channel
I look forwar to this day all year. It is Talk Like A Pirate Day! "Where there is a sea there ate pirates.-Greek proverb Shiver me timbers!
I have a Sessions Only Pass for sale. DM me if you are interested.
you were the first tweet at #herworld you will be recognized soon and receive a signed copy of shaun's book
MY MONEY ON THE DALLAS MAVERICKS WHO WANA BET?
Before I die, im going to have a tattoo by ami james.
Please retweet. These companies have given in to fascism:
Hi there!
Hope you enjoy it!!!!
Ya I just passed my test
Watching my little brother play T-Ball: Priceless
Can I get a window seat, don't want nobody next to me
Did you design your place? Very nice!
Its fucked that Capt America and The Torch are the same actor... and are int he same universe.
no I don't have too
Successfully left my house and slid down the hill without falling. Jenn 1, snow/ice 0.
Let it flow! RT : Join the bowl cut movement RT : Cut the hair or let it flow???
yeah I caught onto that :) and well I like to see ppl doing what they want with there music and that means using there ideas
did you really just ask that? ABSOLUTELY
ZAYN MALIK. LET ME LOVE YOU. LIKE NOW. K? MY BED IS >> THAT WAY, (;
