Just ate at golden corral lol thats that (fat stuff) lmao
True story. Although I did just qualify for my gold card...
In middle school I won an award from for my now useless skill of being able to set type & use a printing press.
Remember to live your life while pursuing your dreams... And watch out for wooden nickels, lots of them in this world.
Great shows with #austinmiller and #connorobrien, #nicholasrodriguez you were missed! Overnight in #costarica see you Monday night, NYC!
tomorrow at Pier 60 human statue salute to jugglers!
start one for
…✧ Gas is 4.49 in Chicago ✧…
look at you updating your picture! Shirtless?!? You skank!
Living the life.
Dang it's raining and I have no one to pop popcorn and watch a movie with
Trust is the secret sauce of everything
your a boss
Thank you Clem!
*hugs* I always hated having to buy father's day cards cuz none of them were true.
where's you go? :(
Let's get this party started!
feel better! Its new years eve tomorrow!
Waiting on #MadMen with
Hi Dee, we will be creating videos for the Kobo in the near future, check back for updates!
Haha I actually wasn't think sexually. That would be gross. So you are obsessed with them?
Not that you need an excuse to have a few beers after work, but what better than FREE BEER from 7-8pm. RSVP to !
Shaking with anger. If I was in MS i would have beat this nigga
Thanks, but no Macs for me. This is a strictly Windows household. My husband runs our servers on Windows 7.
Two things we never get with respect to the contours of ideology are a synoptic view and a strictly positivist account.
#NeverJustAGuy who ISNT a man of God. Its a recipe for disaster
Become a cash flow king. Manage cash flow like there is no tomorrow. -Jared Reitzin
You need to be more brave, like me. But I guess I'm only brave when hiding behind a vacuum, which is weird &maybe not so brave
My phone now auto corrects "goddammit" to "GODDAMMITBRANDON" hahahahahahahah
With in AZ watching for the first time!
RT : Received the endorsement today! Proud to be a strong advocate for our public employees!
Haha there's a grad student named "Will Robus"
fabulous, see you lata
good luck Lionel:)
hahaha, to each his own I guess. I haven't lifted a weight in like 8 years
RT : A3. Companies today are adapting to a changing marketplace, positioning for new work, and retooling BD efforts.
Go follow my band for updates our new single :D
thanks for the re-tweet! you always re-post the BEST sales!
Thanks for the wonderful Yankee memories Jorge!
We're so happy to be featuring the Upper St. Clair choir today during our broadcast. Thanks to them for sharing their love of music with us
#thewantedfollowme PRETTY PLEASE :o)
He's All Fine :D & I'm Blessed I'm Blessed :) You?
Yo chick , she so thirsty
Baking bananabread for the trip to nationals on saturday!
twitter now too? You're so in touch with the technology pops :)
congrats! Lookin good!
Waking up early even if I don't need to. Tired of always running on Laredo time! :/
WE BUY ALMOST ANYTHING OF VALUE !30 DAY BUY BACK OPTION STOP BY FOR FREE LOTTO TICKET ON FRI 12/23/11 (ONE PER PERSON WHILE SUPPLIES LAST )
haha I'm adding u!
it gotta be three woops!! Lls
respect ya mind and celebrate the best of times
O'Reilly: "Viagra should be covered, birth control should not." We knew that was coming. Fine! Then NO coverage 4 your F'IN lil blue pills.
the website is a consumer facing website. we also do corporate specific websites for employees only etc
the hash slinging slasher
Please, for the love of god, DO NOT trend beibs........see if Canada will take him back. If not, can he be thrown over Lake Erie?
Caught up on some well needed sleep from this #followyoumusicvideo! Was well worth the extra time though! Its gonna be A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!!
In A/C class. More interesting then you would think.
ps3 for bluray, graphics, quality. Xbox for selection and multiplayer that will help you choose
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
You gotta hit up Jerk Machine by the Lauderhill Mall tho. IT'S THE BEST!!!!!!
Oxy MO: Government Initiative
my birthday is tomorrow :D i'm so excited!
I need to watch more on them but I'm not worried.
thank you!
4 straight days mixing in the studio. Track drops tonight!
im good. and you?
My mom is talking crap about me on Facebook like I can't see it. Well, thanks..
Aww man, I'm in the AK until next Monday morning, the 14th! #boosauce We'll chill in Btown in September, though.
"If dying is your way out; then count me in, I'm coming."
You're like a moday, cuz nobody likes you. 😁
You're so right. Thousands not hundreds.
- big booty bitches
I hear that! ;)
Get away day! Let's do this New York!
happy birthday ! :D <3 i love you and so do the rest of the #mahomies ! don't ever give up on your dreams <3 love you (;
Honor someone you love! For Breast Cancer Awareness Month, we are naming Badges of Courage after 5 women!
love you hvac godmother :)
April 1st challenge? Any takers?
Last night was fun as fuck! That shit was crazy!!!!!!
I'm in a limo.
damn reality..
RT : New approach to hurricane Irene. I’m going to try to reason with it.
Reid was the guy at Right Tackle until #Ravens signed McKinnie on Aug. 23 last year
NC Cultural Resources Newsroom » “Black Women – Songs and ...
I will always feel bad about asking for a ride home. Always.
Got the GPS I wanted -- completely by chance. Target dude with a stack of them came by and heard me bemoaning my loss.
fo shizzle! It's a plan!
And we have the Provisional Constitution it replaced here in our collection!
We can't wait for a new stadium!!!!! The time has come!!!! SKOL Vikings Nation! Purple Pride forever!
Like how if Raimi hadn't made Spider-Man and Singer hadn't made X-Men (or if lesser directors had), we wouldn't have Avengers now.
GAGA's new single striking a sour note with some Catholics. Story now on 7news.
Trying not to be a dick about this, but when is the VidCon video gonna be uploaded? Cause Im super excited! :)
Project kick off today for a system-based eLearning curriculumn. Not how to use the system (clicks) but what to do with the data displayed.
it's awful that you feel disempowered as a father. How can I vote to change that without taking away someone else's rights?
Yo cat bleeding I think it cut itself and yo cat feenin yeah I'm talkin bout dat
RT REALLY ARRESTED FOR A 1,000 PAIN PILL'S...
RT : TV show Who Let the Dogs Out Talent Search this Saturday in Granada Hills, CA. Learn more at...
She left me now I'm home, with nothing to do :(
dont't u hate when the woman u r supposed to marry still text other guys behind our backs!!!!
A lot of our ops require civil/military engagement and not adrenaline rush stuff which is costly and scary and doesn't last
Mm they're so bang! Don't we do this err day day
Usually Monday are boring but I had a fun and great day today;). :b
I need money! lol
What makes a junior person stand out: "Fighting for an idea; going out on a limb for something they believe in"
McGill tip: use U.S. Freedom of Press to tell stories about countries that are unable. By talking to immigrants, we can tell their stories.
Agreed. I'd rather elect a talking horse than a mean spirted, arrogant, penguin accosting Jack Ass like Gingrich
Excited for tomorrow and the future of Babes at Sea. Here's to romance, freedom, frolic, and bright red lips.
please add us to the list "student-orgs". Thank you!
We might be able to help. If you'd like us to provide more information contact us at . Have a good weekend!
Wow, it could GO either way!!
how about Laika in honor of the first dog in space?
This is so awesome... I know someone who made it on American Idol
Can't wait to hear speak at ACRL next month!
No doubt. Good for you though. I wish I had a sweet bike.
SPOILER ALERT: For those who will be seeing Titanic 3D in theaters... The boat sinks.
Thanks ;3 “: S/o to my new Follower Follow her she sexy ;”
we had some good times at FAMU endless laughs
#Imagine You wake up in the morning, in your room full of roses and a note from Austin saying "Happy one year anniversary"
Rutger Hauer is awesome in that one
RT : RT : Join us for our "UnSpa" Week of Wellness & the opening of Any three 30 min...
I think I am going to have to hit my "secret" Targets, like I did for #Liberty - this is #missoni maddness!
I don't recall needing to contact/call you back 😳
As a long time Jags fan, I want to say welcome to Jacksonville! We are so pumped to have you and I hope you like it! :)
My stomach hurts so bad:/
hey thats even more awesome! High-fives 'round the office!
lemme know when you wanna start editing this footage
Our new Kodak 9300 is almost installed in our Dupont Circle practice. Panoramic & 3D images all in one!
Was yesterday's educoach chat saved anywhere? will 9pm Unmistakable Impact chat be saved anywhere.?
thanks jeff. Good to see that it takes Christmas to get a re_tweet
I'm so awkward, uGh asdfghjkl;
Thx, Judith! It's easy to do a good job when an author is as easy to work with as you!
Please do more specials on entrepreneurship - we need that right now to get this economy going
Have you guys ever realized that the brain named itself?
We still have 1 opening in both our 5th grade girls and boys divisions for the Holiday Tournament! Call us if you are interested!
Watch Shawn Leigh Alexander on An Army of Lions: The Civil Rights Struggle Before the NAACP at Kansas City Public Library...
Pittsburgh foodies: I've a hankering for soft shell crabs. Are they on the menu anywhere? Strip District or downtown ideal.
"Beauties Always Win! Is It That Hard To Understand!?" - And then, Bianca Won. LOLOL(;
listening to ur Scottsdale mix on way to #Coachella w
"Jesus answered,Verily,verily,Isayunto thee,Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdomofGod."John 3:5
just finished the book and it is fucking EXCELLENT. totally there to see the adaptation
A special day game here at CONSOL Energy Park today! Jhonny Montoya is the starting pitcher for the Wild Things
What an incredibly long day. I think I deserve some carbs
In this world man must either be anvil or hammer.Henry W. Longfellow
haha same shit xD were still on the same steps
I don't want to play that game lol...do u have "draw something"?
lol good! haha it probably is !
Why don't yah throw on a sweater young man, and come down and join us. Haha Cheers bud!
: So meta, I know. Plus, I'm actually AT work! Ha.
Thanks ! "and for fantastic entrepreneur training. #philanthropyday"
& PANIC!!! RT : That moment of fear when you can't get a ring off your finger.
MT : Gutmann: campus (brick & mortar) edu so successful b/c of motivation & passion from being around other people
I guess I'm lucky that I do have most weekends free!
hey I found your student ID at my house. I figured you'd probably want it back
Retweet this: Must Read: Top 10 Images in Pittsburgh Sports History bit.ly/s8ziu6
Ohh Merritt please be clear of traffic
Should be studying for finals but pshhhh I know I'm gonna fail them anyways
You should!
haven't played golf in a week.
This is some scooby doo and the gang type fog.
wish happy birthday please <333
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. ~ Lao Tzu
Following my heart. Doin my own thing. Don't need nobody. I'm independent. Imma stay that way until I find someone that deserves me!
I've gotta wake up in 5 hours to go be funny on 98, but I can't get to sleep with all of these thoughts of Billy Ocean.
Hey guys
Happy #Friday ! what are your weekend plans? *stay warm*
would love to talk with you. Let's be in touch!
We do too--usually not #kosher.- all cooked in store. But we do try many product brand samples at
Nothing but a bunch of BS!
I saw that name and almost vomited. Thanks there buddy! hahaha. Feeling better now.. what brand r ur wheels?
4real..I'm bout 2 once I take my certification test...
Unacceptable Behaviors: obscene or suggestive sounds
is that chandler?! Hhahaha
miss you too<3
I say nothing
that... may just be the tipping point that makes me buy an ipad!
Is the Twitpitch still coming up?
Im good just taking a mini vacay b4 more birthdy Sunday. I'm doing the Pack a Purse project again. I need some bags
"When the wind rises, some people build walls, others build windmills." Chinese Proverb
Buffalo wild wings with the crew!
I want to see him even though we had a fight yesterday. I guess I'll have to wait until tomorrow..:/
I am into it!
How come Coyote never catches Roadrunner?I wish that could happen someday.
Gather up your tears keep em in your pocket save em for a time when your really gonna need em
AH! I miss you Canada! Come see me soon!
Okay good :)
Sidebar: I'm so excited for MITT ROMNEY to be my next president, just like !
ooohhh I'm so sorry. This was strictly fam weekend. Next time I swear with the SAUCE!
Thanks a bunch for the RTs... greatly appreciated!
“All great changes are preceded by chaos.” -Deepak Chopra
does anyone know any places i can download free music for my ipod, bc i accidently deleted all my songs
I wanna text #Oomf somebody DM me !
CHICAGO BULLS WHAT!!!! SOLID WIN
Thank you all for continuing to donate! We truly appreciate it. The LA Marathon is this Sunday & now it's time for me to do my part: RUN!
Yeah, that's what I'm reading. I was under the impression that you had already read it.
from now on when someone gets deservedly crushed, they've been "Osama'd"
Ah! I have about 10 minutes to record today's Docjazz6 vid O_O
Gym- check, Tan- i can't, Laundry- already done
Survey: Most popular Korean stars in 2012
Off To Interning :)
ty for the follow
I like Cadillac vs. NYG only a lil bit more because he'll get a ton of touches. However, without Urlacher Sproles may go big.
Bucs gained Vincent Jackson, Doug Martin and Carl Nicks. All 3 significantly more important than Falcons-Konz and Panthers-Tolbert
Rubens cuban! :))
I'll be gwaiting ... *combs goatee"
Me too we would kill it lolRT : <---- cast member for #realworld28 :)
I got dat d-weezy coming foe yew. Be scared!
I was not built for all this free time!
: U need data that indicates org health. Its about how people .do work. U need 2 find out what data is most important
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others
did you get to hit during BP?
me and are at the #NeverSayNever3D directors cut right now! ah!
Ate at independence Grill I got the Black Angus-then went to see Sherlock Holmes,and I was pretty GOod!
Chipotle for lunch after our APUSH test tomorrow?
Follow us like um...NOW?!;D -Samantha
would you walk down the street naked if given the chance???
2 more hours 'til happy hour!!! 1/2 price beer, cocktails & glass wine. Let the countdown begin =)
RT : Thanks for supplying our delicious biscotti we hold in house every day! We've never had a single complaint
Dear company websites, Do you even KNOW what passive voice IS?! Sincerely, The one by whom this tweet was written.
Sleepover at Kaylas tonight #Boo<3
Delta and Westjet will codeshare on flights.
Fuck it. I'm wearing a Tank tomorrow.
Kidnapping his daughters What a stupid show I'm upset tht The Preppers is a TV show Come on now An. Plnt U've got to do better
Last day of work before my trip to Belgium!
Shout out to my boy happy birthday nugga . Can a white boy get a retweet around here ?
i miss u jess.....why did our friendship end over something so stupid </3
ha. Ok. I didn't think so. I like it that you mention it. San francisco is FILLED with those idiots. Shocker.
my daddy got me chocolates and flowers for Valentine's day! he's the only man i need! i love you daddy <3
Just started using Google+ and I must say I really like it.
I like it. now you got it!
Good morning! Make it a fabulous day ☺
Ohh well. And you're welcome, so have you ever wondered what the longest train for 2010 decade has been so far?
not that kind of sick... Been throwing up ALL day.. Really bad cramping.. Pale af.. Fever... (TOM time..) you know how I get.. 😔
Oh no! Can you DM me the cross streets?
and I appreciate it.
“If you want to feel rich, just count the things you have that money can't buy”
im wondering if half the followers follow him just to see what that nitwit posts
Dude, Mr. Bunga-Bunga is going to crash the world economy. Can't you make some calls and get him to resign or something?
What a beautiful day! Stop by our shop on for toffee or iced coffee!
Anybody wanna skype
Yeah I (DW still) like Smith a LOT, liked the darkness Tennant brought though & miss it now!
It's a type of night goin to be chilling wit my luv at come have some fun wit us :)
why aren't you in radio? Lol
Back at home..lets see if get interrupted back here as I finish my studies.
And Twitter hugs back, what an enlightening expression I think of little birdie wings all in a tussle in mid air. Have a gr8 day
this staying up late technique is not going so well. I feel so high. AHAHA. Been a long day. Very, Very long day. -_-
Workout done..now what
Congrats to #Houston MorganLewis partner Denise Scofield on her successful year as president of the great Houston Bar Ass'n!
RIP Donna Summers
where are u? Ive been off twitter a few days.
Ugh tell me why i got in my room and was about to check my facebook...-_- lame
Everything is $2 on Tuesday! Patron, Bacardi, Absolut, Goose, Jack, Johnny.. you name it and it's yours for $2!
We start at 10pm.
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals to Present at the Deutsche Bank 37th Annual Health ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Guys can be soo shallowww!!!! Theres more to life than just sex...
bangs & blue shoes should be the name of your first novel
Bizarrely, a woman approached me at the recycle center today and asked me a question in Hebrew. Is it that obvious?
That's what I'm doing. Go Tigers!!!
So My speech for tomorrow is 5:04 minutes. And then tomorrow when everyone does theirs it will be like 2. I really should be in honors.
Twitter is too emotional geez chill the hell out. Lol
Officially on vacation! Vegas bound tomorrow!
RT : #lrnchat - I'm going to work with the scenario idea today... <--Great! Yep, ping back if you need more help. I'm around too
Me and are on bus 77. We're going to the high school. Are you coming?
always brutha...anytime
Haters are like crickets they make alot of noise you can hear them but you never see them then you walk right passed them and their quiet.
Aww, Leonard Nemoy is there to welcome #Enterprise #OV101 to NY!
Twitter Mobile has messed up -.-
Oh man, I forgot how much fun Rock Band is to play. Thanks for reminding me!
Why do girls pay good money for bras, when I would willingly hold your boobs up all day for free.
hows new job?
Get it dirty again
I do it everyday lol ;p it's hot so free ball an make life easier haha
Christopher Columbus actually had four ships: Nina Pinta Santa Maria and Life's a Beach.
“ Live streaming service @ 7PM EST! Help us spread the word by sharing this post w/ your friends. See u there! Click here:...”
Strawberry margarita <3
Power nap, back in the studio Yeah! Later.
aww very sweet #dopetweet“: #SometimesIJustWant my mother to smile and be happy cuz times are hard and she cries alot”
not alot. I am pretty tired :P I'll tweet u laterz k?
People who are so upset by typos should really avoid the internet.
more than you will ever know. :(
Happy Thanksgiving Alumni!
RT RT : A man who moves mountains begins by carrying away small stones.
Before we get started w/this week's #femlead: anyone want to suggest a topic for 5/22?
can't believe I'm going into work in 10 min
"Midnight in Paris" reached $52.7 US and $98.7 globally as of yesterday, but foreign revenues have a long way to go.
CoD is like the Twilight of gaming. Massively popular but ultimately a guilty pleasure that is stunning game-art growth. Get Skyrim
I wonder if kids from China ever look at there happymeal toy and say "hey I rember making this"
I know, I know. I'm not really sure what this plans to contribute that doesn't already exist for free.
if you have an overbite, wearing a gold grill is being counterproductive.
Delayed or not, happy to be heading
How careful are you to keep your tattoo out of the sun?
Wow. We can negotiate NFL TV contracts in the #mnleg now?
Automotive Paintless Dent Repair can save you 70% less than traditional auto body repair. See us first! www.kingoftheding.com
that good??!? Oh man
watch and i will show people great things
Orioles pitching coach Mark Connor resigns .... we are talking about it NOW, at WNST/1570am &
Lots and lots of antiques in Kensington, but many twee, fussy, expensive. How about Good Wood on U St?
it is my email list so i don't need my own referrals :) it isn't really a biz - its just for fun :)
How was the Birthday
when are you headed to #sxsw?
ok boo
Happy hour starts at 3! Don't forget to check out and for happy hour as well!
10 days Till my Birthday :) my True Teenage years will Start For REal
Rats! Can't think of anymore.
Poll (Please RT!) - What Rookie will have the biggest impact on their team this year? Wall, Turner, Favors, Johnson or Cousins?
And you know this! I felt like we just won the championship all over again!
I'm going just need 2 no when I had 2 get out my bed
♥ and #FF thanks for the follow!
day date wit wifey... first stop Blue Moon!
-------> RT : Chinese food sure sound good, all we I need is some to go on top of it :)
I love your show!
The clue was WEREWOLF and he knocked it out of the park
hey, you're my first tweet bestie
Oh my LORD! Somebody throw me on the beach, plz.
thanks for the retweet and for reading my blog.
kool! Where do u live!? :D
I'm ready to go HOME!
Its a nice day here inn Dallas Texas 214
first day of work = #success (:
Have a great week everyone. Let's make it count. Do as the RBB do. Don't take any guff from those swine!!! If you do, then do it cool.
adorable i Love LABS
Happy to help... promotion to follow.
You are going to be absolutely amazing -Heels or no heels ;)
can you add more sponsor apps please? i have 325 credits and i honestly needed more to get grand theft auto. thanks.
Hey can u please follow us? :)
OMG Danielle is driving me crazy!! STFU already!!
Such a good day. Gonna go ride that train ;) woohoo!!
Erika and I would love to see you. If the stars align maybe all five of us can grab dinner.
RT : $1 per game bowling @ AMF Rose Bowl Lanes + kids bowl free!!
good luck and relax! It's not too awful! :)
watched Gladiator again last night. After being to the Colosseum in Rome, the movie takes on a whole new meaning.
come out Iam almost there
ah that sounds fun! kendra and i have a viking festival to attend first. come to poulsbo!
I want Chinese food.
Re-discovering ATB today, and forgot how good his stuff is.
Welcome to twitter Dirk. Hope you make it a great today with your advertising clients in Las Vegas.
#quotes #music Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue. Plato. Have a rockin weekend! G.V.
Grown-ups?
JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES <3
when is Ron Burgandy 2 coming out?
lol I sent that last night/ this mornin.. When u asked who was still up
Starbucks can be delicious but then it only lasts for 10 seconds 😭
I think I'm going to have to live vicariously through my daughter's rebellion because I certainly never did go through adolescence
do you think I'm sexy ?
A Culture of Exceptional Behavior at Ferrara School
go to facebook and and like my new band page" the absent minded pedestians" thanks and peace
i wish the suns were in the play offs :-(
That's sad they painted over the red! Cool that it's still in the same shape, though!
Psanders is ugly in his profile picture tho.
anyone going to the band of horses concert in dallas apr 7th?
that's how we do!
the Avengers was TO EPIC!!!!
Thank baby jesus I dont haveta wait in this airport for 9 hours! Lol
Watching The Vampire Diaries. #S1E8 shoulda started watching this earlier. Its great.
When someone brings up an embarrassing story from the past about you that you wish had been forgotten.
Yea their campus needs to bring back the pink and green!
Thank you for coming to the trunk show and supporting and ! We hope to see you very soon! :)
thank you for stopping by to help at A - i'm messing up guy.
Up watching criminal shows. I love them CSI, Criminal minds,yes!
is this as good as GA?
Q4: Keeping variety going and yet simple
Welcome new followers! Say hello and introduce yourselves.
New to twitter...still has no idea wtf im doing XD
Witness says #roadrage death victim in Fairfax County was driving a Buick and "cut off" dark SUV. Details at 5pm.
In a way, I feel sorry for the kids of our generation. They'll have parents who know how to check browsing history.
RT RT - I need a punching bag .
how is it you've let your team slide to this point. Only 1.5 RBs on ur squad? I'll give you Jacobs- next week.
hating ass, you know your gonna watch it too lol
Football season is almost here for New Mexico? Are you ready?
Giants win and I am the happiest girl ever right now
I'd think the vagina makes MORE sense the closer you look at it. Lol
bored out of my mind in english...
Real life is for March.
I will be having a grilled cheese at ASAP... Putting you on the schedule now!
Oh wiki.
ha! gasoline #fail !!
have fun'
I just biked to school and was totally ON TIME! Take that petroleum based automotive infrastructure!
I been single for to long now!
THIS IS BULLSHIT!! The judge set bond at $150,000......
yes he liked it. He haven't wore it yet but he said tell my aunt nubaby thanks n I love her. I said sit down
As they say in sports, you need to leave it all on the field
Fuck English biggest bullshit quiz ever.
Current TV Finds a Good Number Within Its Tiny Ratings
RT : Good morning #SanDiego!! We hope you're able to get outside today and enjoy this beautiful weather! Happy Friday :)
I don't like to run in the morning, and by morning I mean anytime before 3 pm. However, race literally starts in my driveway.
Yeah it's going ok. Very good beer as well, which always helps. Learning to drive on the other side was a struggle though!
RT : Fowler to Steve Sands: "it hasn't totally sunk in...I've got a trophy" (and then his eyes filled with tears)
ok go on oovoo rosmil is gonna pick up something ill tell you there
until you got effed up with shaving cream tho .. 😁
. just accosted Kevin Spacey at the
Big congrats to who gave birth to a beautiful, healthy little boy! We love you Melissa and wish your family the best!!
We want to hear from you! What do you want to see more on SCAN: religion, politics, music or community-focused programming?
What? It's Monday again? ? *sigh* Why is it Monday does that when Friday takes so long to show up? :-(
Making purple drank in a Gandalf cup
starting a road trip & forgot my music. PLEASE help me out & play ram jam black betty?!
There comes a point where you have to be in or out. Eventually I'll move on if you don't grave me. I can't wait forever
Gotcha. Sounds good. Enjoy fam time. Talk soon!
I've started a blog about my life.
AH IM GETTING A LIL POMARAINAN PUPPY WHAT SHOULD I NAME IT any ideas..?
#Scarythought, why do I must identify w/ #Tami from #basketballwives?
Free otter pop on bruinwalk after a nice workout
All I Want To Do, Is Travel The world & Take Pictures.<3
To all NY fans mourning Mariano...KC breaks heroes in any sport. Send us your Sanchez.
Tony Melone-EVP/CTO Verizon -- Keynote @ Credit Suisse Media Conference, Verizon rules!
Thanks for the #FF!
sometimes - gucci mane ..
I'll let ivan dunk cause if not he won't make any lmao
Pricing is as much an art as it is a science. Case in point - the current e-book controversy. Market pricing has yet to stick.
Apparently riding a charter bus means drivers stopping every hour even though we're already late, blasting the a/c, and general indifference
it took me exactly 27 years to find u. I'm not letting go.
Off work finna head to da crib, fina hop on 2k12
Thx! RT : I recommend 's Pitmen Painters for what it says about our relationship with art, no matter who we are
my mom won't let me do it :(
Happy Easter peeps!
Dilemma: two internships that sharpen two different skill sets. Should I get more experience w customer service or book/ephemera cataloging?
Jessica doing a gud! Luv her
I love my new followers' feed! You guys rock!!
#loex2010 librarians involvement in a blog allow the librarian to be more connected to the research process - twittering helps this connect
R u @ the Expo today be sure to stop by booth 707 #chiropractic kits are almost gone. A $25 kit is yours
and if he steps outside the police will shoot him dead
I have to remember that I do kind things b/c of who I am & who God is, not b/c of who the recipients are. None of us deserve our blessings.
It was and I've shared it with colleagues! We're going to discuss it further in our meeting tomorrow :)
Simon Cowell thinks he so cool with his white teeth.
This is hands down Julia's worst outfit yet.
nothing really , trying too move bck over there !
People get angry when i say shit like that...yall made me this way.
JUST A S/O TO THE ABSOLUTE BEST BAND I'VE HEARD IN A LONG, LONG WHILE...T/F/S...
Bad flu going around...knocked me out for three days
It's fondue night! Do you have a favorite beer to go with cheese fondue?
R.I.P Donna Summers!
real talk... i just play along most of the time
Making the one you love smile >
Whats up DJ!!
3 way calls with and her mom >>>
What do you call an ant in space ?Cosmonants & Astronants !
Tomorrow is birthday!!!!! Make sure yall send him tweets ALL day!!!!
oh hush hush ;-)
yay you got it?!
fuck spelling bee :(
But even the sun sets in paradise...
Kids w/ untreated dental cavities can have stunted growth & body development. Com Dent Oral Ep, 38, 2010. A Cleaner Mouth, A Healthier You!
My God! There are still stupid people in Houston!
you don't wanna know
Need help with your taxes Sarah? Keep us in mind! (888) 690-9245 Just a friendly reminder :)
#justsayin when you step in some water wearing socks -.- not fun
Getting a haircut
watching Hannah Montana: The Movie...hehehe <3
This is first time in 4+ years I don't have an official badge to #sxswi for too many reasons to tweet, but I'll def be at some parties!
Purchased a new frt load washer/dryer pair 3 wks ago-Kenmore Elite. Peeps at store nor install cre knew washer dr cld change sides!?
yep. this was definitely the first morning after i attended
You know it's going to be a great story when its starts off with, "So this b*tch!..."
No matter what i do...I can't get you off my mind!!! I'm talking about one person, and she knows who she is!!!
Katy Perry is my new best friend, AND she's going through some problems in her life. I can't just forsake her like that.
Hooray for ma!
what size??
June 2nd @ The Sunset in Seattle. We in there.
Ma dad in Indiana im thinking what's for dinner & he's not here 2 cook lazy me blah
that was a really interesting segment regarding tornado chasers.
in chicago :)
Steelers-Packers: That's a lot of Stencil font.
Have you heard of "Borderline Personality Disorder" Joan Crawford, Pricess Di and Marylin Monroe have been said to have had it. Palin??
Haha! DvD watching mode can be fun :)
Deja keep talkin bout my old a** daddy lol
When you like stuff on Facebook you feel like following them on Twitter!
Watch for us to be a part of Tuesday's Child with Kathy Mykleby. It's sure to be a fun time with her!!
brutal. That was a foul on the keeper“: What's with refs cheering for all these top teams...chelseas goal was bs”
bye CEBU...hello CALIFORNIA...
I miss my boyfriend 
Try It's a much better idea. :)
My heart is so confused!! I need help!!!
I love your Alaska books! Read them all many times. I'd love to read about Shuku & Takha as older boys.
why the hell ii wasn't invited to this event.,,
Today's a good day :) lol #UKiss1300Day !
My birthday is one week from today. I only want two things: 1) A start date, 2) A deal memo.
so, so happy for you guys! You go girl!
So is it BSBSecrets on here?
madison with reply sooner trust me I asked her a question and she followed me
logo designs? Movie posters?
i know yoru supper popular on twitter but please trend this for this girl #NiallHoranFollowvickkkkkkkkky1D thanks babe
Mom of teenager on ASD#Autism.Became advocate, belong to this family we all do, not one we chose but all belong to now.
Yeah that's what I said! dude, AAPL was about to explode over the past weeks.
absolutely! Thank you for following me. Love the website and great advice from tweets! Currently looking for a voice coach too.
green package or something like that. On an endcap, back end of the place, somewhere near 1600. How's that for specific?
"sex At Dawn"
I voted for you.
"I don't need love anymore/ I need pressure/ pain, my veins/ feeling so electric"-Evidence. Mega accurate.
ill do it then get back to you
Stand by- we are experiencing some technical difficulties with our website. Should be up and running in no time!
- can we get a mention 4 Shoot 2 Cure event on fri nite @ Chargers Park? DM ur e-mail addy. We'll send a release
It was...especially with Braun and Hart sitting out. At least Twins tickets should be easy to get in August!
If u walk out the house looking like you stepped outta baby gap #slapyourself put on bigger clothes *letting it all hang out*
Congrats #LadyVols on the SEC victory! I <3 Pat Summit!
gotta love it. Jeez.
This weekend helped me see the purity of love, and realize how much my family means to me...can't quite put it into words
Off #Peytonwatch duty for the day. takes over the night shift
50 followers, WATCH OUT NOW!!! :)
awesome! I'm just starting the P90x.........I'm sure you will look and feel awesome when its all said and done.
Bout to head to the airport for Kosovo!pray for me and my team!:D Jo-nathan
I'll make that ish for you in 4 months :/ I needed viktor to win!
An entire year of hell is over. I have 2 words for you Physics, FUCK YOU.
#1:11 & all is well in the world.
WE JUST WATCHED THE VOW DURING THE CELTICS GAME
maybe u ARE right! It's drizzling here too! Hooray!
Today is gonna be a good day. I just know it.
Gotta bible in my hand and a beard on my chin
#CbusMarathonTMT - I just started the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon. Wish Me luck!
they were only due to the school by profs today at noon so hopefully we'll hear tomorrow? probably Wednesday though. :/
So women are at the beginning of building a language, and not all women are conscious of it
Love the offense/defense sub out of Thomas by Thad.
praying for you, if you need anything let us know.
rachel maddow, where art thou?
Hi! I hope to be drinking soon at a party... hahah Happy Day!
thanks for pointing this out... Shane is the worst with grammar.
raining! <3 I love the smell of wet grass :)
Do it! :) If you do, let me know - I'll make an article about it.
And really there is business before pleasure. This is a democracy, you do need a consensous to decide the quality of light bulbs. What joke?
If you were in a deep convo w him only to have him stop texting and you still havent heard from him in the past 24 hours,
Anyone out there on twitter-verse have some good resources on #digitalhumanities? I'm interested in learning more about the field!
Would Kobe let Steve Blake take that shot? Would Michael let Steve Kerr take that shot? HELL NO, even if they were in a slump they'd shoot
Sometimes it does feel good to use a pen and write in a notebook. Much harder to accidentally delete. ;-)
: planning, writing, editing...
the baby birds and i seem to be on the same hunger schedule though.
Haha! By the way, it's very nice to e-meet you :)
I know right need to start booking in the summer
Light, steady snow “pounding” the area, in the parlance of local news anchors.
Just got attacked by a tranny on ave A... Real
warm fuzzy slippers from make a wonderful holiday gift, especially when it is 30 degrees outside!
I bought some at Uhaul for $2.50 to $3.50 each (I needed specific sizes) then have scavenged the rest.
Brown Bag with Heather Hale
I may be working on Friday after all, but you should still come in. I figure we'll hit the river Saturday! Call me for details.
i need a phone asap -.-
RT : Come see The Cheap Shots rock the Milwaukee Ale House - AGAIN! Saturday, May 19
Lock it in and turn me on.
Urr on the riGht track ;)
If you still talk about it, you still care about it.
So staying up for that NJ/FLA is kinda kicking my butt right now.
Mark Twain penned plenty of my preferred political proverbs. :) Thanks for sharing.
O yes RT : Two great spots in Chicago to watch the Bears Game tonight Go Bears!
L Moore's awesome new book: Sister Arts: Erotics of Lesbian Landscapes (1/2)
So confused! Hotel room clock set back automatically.
Bridesmaid dresses at www.shopshop.com
“: Singing Shake Señora with >” Pitbull. Really. REALLY?
didn't get any I called u now
I am writing up a resume. Any way to see which semesters you have been on the dean's list?
Congrats to #teamPSE client Cam Newton for breaking the rookie passing record!
My name on the 'cleared' list shows as GOOG. I like it.
its ha
the building, contact Sounds like a great place.
A piece of advice from someone who has made this mistake: under no condition should you open the lid until you're done.
you need to go outside.
When pinches me
Where has my motivation gone?
I'M BACK!!! rubber band man, BOING????
The weather is making this spring break look great
eating a poached pear with cote du rhone sauce....yum
I know Miley isn't God, theres one God and I love him more than her.
indeed they do. I love their moon pies tho.
At first I was thinking South region, but now I get the feeling they will go to St. Louis.
what's good
and are trending right now ♥
Happy Birthday! Still funky & fabulous, just the way we love you.
I am endlessly amazed at the vast number of highly specialized hounds!
Good morning! Today ‘Abdu’l-Bahá will leave Washington for New York.
#FollowReader Thanks for RTing my misspelling. ;-)
Hm this is interesting
So baby, don't go go go, I don't think I'm finished with you yet.
Yo #NBC5 . Youre effing up my Biggest Loser episode with Santorum babbling... Making My Tuesday Not So Super
meet me at Night Moves
Just add bourbon. RT I wanna go to bed so bad but this "Cola-high" is f-ing me over in a big way.
I like Ville Leino tonight
Sitting in class watching Loiter.Squad ♥
I'm on the job hunt..starting next week
Aint stay home to Babysit
Ready to #Win a FREE rug for your home? Simply follow and RT to enter!
U don't have to be rich or have a contract to follow ur dreams I defy that person that sausage no
HEY ERRRBODYYYY FOLLOW :) She's super amazing and you can relate to all of her tweets. oh and shes my wife kk. SO FOLLOW.
Am I the only one who thinks Vday looks like it would stand for vagina day?
#sacscoc Just because a student can Google and game doesn't mean they can be successful online.
RT : "Detroit is big enough to matter to the world, but small enough for you to matter in it." Love this
Who has the best chicken wings in ?
“: WSHH need to do more Thick Girls Thursdays. #Addicted 😍”😂😭 sad case
My fever is down to 98.4... getting back to normal!! i usually run at about 97ish
672 calories burned in 40 minutes with #TurboJam woohoo! Now I need a nap lol
I hate jet lag ah :(
I thought it was going to start pouring... and it did for a second... and then it stopped. Fakeout! Exciting weather never happens here.
Thank you, Ann. I accept via internet. RT : i'd like to give you a hug.
Would be pretty awkward if you had mentioned any of our clients in that rant.
A year ago today the US Government shut down US online poker.
OLD CHURCH FOLKS GOSSIP TO MUCH LBVS
ur appt moved up to 8pm so make sure you are ready!
Notes at the Blue starts today! Free lunchtime concert series at 310 W. Wisc!
Will you be with the same classes until June?
you are officially next on my list!
#ufc143 is what is wrong with this country
A guy at the office got his invite to purchase one today.
please follow me ☺ I am your great fan♣
Ha Ha Texas beats Kansas
follow back? :)
Scully really needs to be issued a Heckler & Koch MP5. Has that little pistol ever done her any good?
I love being sore the day after a great workout
I'm very glad you agree!
I like to think of the Lakers jamming LDR in their locker room after a loss.
I am looking forward to Season 3. Love the show.
- it should be noted that "not being afraid to fail" is a mental power that can be taught.
Look for me @ the Robin Hood event Monday night here in NYC
Make the money,dont let the money make you
I look forward to making your dreams a reality!
I'm about to upgrade my whip for the summer on you haters
Only 47 entries remain in our $100 Sweet Sixteen contest, 39 of the 47 have Kentucky as the National Champion, 4 have KU and 3 have tOSU!
Shiiiiiit! My farts smell so bad
Your dreams are more powerful than your doubts.
WHY DIDNT YOU COME TO SCHOOL TODAY! i missed you also shaina and we put your books in your locker!:)
everybody pray 4 japan
I just love when my "friends" add my ex on Facebook... NOT!!!!
Thanks for retweeting!!
RT : "Baby it's cold outside, but I understand that no means no, so have a great night and bundle up!"
Its true it does not. Lol. Blessings! RT : it's all good.. I don't think coffee helps fingers.. :) bless ya!
hope you look at that reseller shop in the feature. Should be big hurrahs for handmade/vintage/supplies. Not resellers.
Lunch is at 1 but I'm going to miss that's. salty right now
v-day hugs to friends and fiends alike.
I need to meet with some interesting peeps.
His tax returns are in the vault where he has his Swiss Bank Account.
Floyd Maywhether won't fight the Pac-man cause he knows he'll lose. If Floyd loves money so much, he'd take that payday. Egotistical coward.
Scary people must be avoided!!!
Last day of training at my new job
wing champ AND UCAR driver?
wat up follow back :))
Thanks for keeping me in the loop!
RT Who cares, he is Kobe right? Right. RT : RT : Kobe is NOT Jordan . Period .
I want all people to know every law that exists in their nation, state or city, so as to be truly informed when new laws come to be
anything to help a video guru out!
Thanks for promoting the Atwater Village tour! #GOODLA Today at noon! Join us!
Curtis A Funny Mf'
im still confused ahah
Finishing up the week with a few more people to train.
back to work after spending some time contemplating the vowel-colored "r" sound.
many will play few will win.
Beeeeeah meeeeah To My New Followers -
haha :) guess we need to learn how to putt
I need help planning a backyard wedding!?
I'm more concerned with appearance than functionality
we're the coolest kids and we take what we can get~
At least they are pink slipping everyone today, would hate to drag out the pain of the demise of the shuttle program. Sad.
I feel myself turning into a skeptic again...
Words from Dennis Bartels "New buildings are stage sets." After the move, that's when we figure out who we'll become
delete it -.- now.
#TEXASFRIGHTMAREWEEKEND i'ma meet ANTHONY MICHAEL HALL FROM SIXTEEN CANDLES AND THE BREAKFAST CLUB!!!!!!!!!
Good Morning :) <3
:-) I think many cookies have magical powers, They bring out the smiles! Heart-shaped ones also bring awwwwws. :-)
where do u get all these pics? love them :D
Following my dreams each and every day. Not letting anything get in my way. I'm 23, and not stoppin anytime soon.
": #ILookForward to coming home soon(:"I should be There Friday Morning we Need a Ride to Go outt!
So is the hockey community still rushing to knock Sid off of his spot as the best player in the #NHL for Giroux?
How can we help re: logistics?
Just received it thanks!
I was confused about the server message. When it was a password issue. Thank you
Orioles paying over slot on some picks. Drafting hard to signs, paying them what they would have been offered, had they been taken earlier
TY!! More peeps I'd share coffee with:
I am in a Ph.D. program...and the fact that I am pursuing it has opened doors for contributing...so I would say "yes".
awesome choice :)
RT : Props to Susan Siavoshi, professor and chair of political science, for receiving a distinguished University service.
Got a long day ahead of me!
Found my stash of Reese's PB Cups from Christmas! Today is officially a success
lol, no worries. I have more up my sleeves :)
I'll check hir out! (Did you notice the new pronoun I learned on genderfork?)
Ok why can't I follow anyone anymore?!?!
As stated, get your Moscow Mules ready for the last show, and the best place to get them in Pittsburgh, is Penn Fixture & Supply!
Grilling Snowball burgers for the SuperBowl in Fort Worth Texas!!
Remember, FREE ground shipping on any order within the Continental US it's today only. You have until midnight EST, use code UNCLESAM11
AWESOME Study Break No. 5--Get your photo taken in a galaxy far far away--go [Hans] Solo or with friends for a group pic. 7-9 Final Perk.
The Mechanical Turk requester interface is making me crazy. CRAZY.
Song- Monkey Man Album- Let it Bleed
Which is neva!! KEEP SPITTING!! KEEP SPITTING!!
Playing with QR code for a poster..kind of fun!
Sleepy & Tired.. Tired & Sleepy..
If you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?
I picked the beat up, but then I let it drop.
If i have to call you one more time, I swear!!!! 😓
Watcing Beauty and the beast. #childhoodmemories :)
I can't believe the admins took that path. 420 is always an embarrassing day to be affiliated with Uof Colorado.
oh wow.Was waiting for someone to call this guy out.Can't stop following him though as his tweets are train wrecks (haha). Bravo
Ha! This is ONE AMAZING BOOK MY FRIEND!!! WOW and WOW LOL!! LOVE U TOO!!
RT Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure
I named my bulldog DH because he's lazy. - Ozzie Guillen
moving where?
happy birthday, dear hero :)
is journalism as content curator a blow to investigative/deep reporting?
mental toughness! Train the brain to drive the machine u have! Good ex J.noah, bad p. Jones of baylor.
makes me proud to be a hawkeye
Can't frickin wait to watch you guys burn it down tonight!
good. Maybe he can go back & sanitize all the awful references from his unenlightened days...
and got the nerves to have a baby on the way! 😂
Thanks for the recommendation. Next time you're in the area, stop in & I'll give you a Twitter discount.
15 years sober today! Time flies when you can remember what you did last night! Back then, I had no idea life could be this incredible!
Yes! What do we have to do to enter?
If you think Ibaka deserved DPOY over Chandler, read 's timeline. So much more to defense than blocks. He's good, not great.
what a lovely thought... Which was more entertaining, game 2 or 3?
I'm a one-man non-traveling team art advisor. Call me Justin.
meet he jus moved there!!!!!
I believe that relating to lyrics makes you feel less alone.
Tex is coming out with "Sprinkle Of Greatness" mixtape in Feb. 2012! Be on the lookout!
beware...that way lies cheesy official songs, odd-looking mascots, and breathy montages about archivists' life stories
I never saw you guys :P
You have got to be serious. America you are kidding me.. Jessica is the WINNER!!
"What gives a child born to rich parents more of a right to receive proper healthcare than a poor child? "
my pleasure! ;-) RT : I'm going to go for a coffee... thanks for the reminder
have gotten too many responses on this, I was just making a joke, I don't care about citing a tweet, thx all who responded
What if I don't want him as a friend :/
OMB... JUSTIN BIEBER IS JUST SEXYY!!!
dang it man I have to leave for my track meet at 2 so I am not coming over for mentoring...you picked a great day!
I cant wait to see
Facilitating a nap prOcess on the open space of my hotel couch...
Also, legitimately surprised at the minimal amount of trolling I've seem today with #UWRightNow. Badgers keeping it classy/constructive.
OH HOT DAYUM. THEY SHIRTLESS
you mean him?? and i need to see 2 and 3
Had an enlightening conversation with a friend of mine about the Bahai faith. I love it when my friends open my eyes.
Bieber is holding Mayweather's belt?!?! What?!?!
Students need to work in public to connect US (academy) to reality too?
can this Latina get a RT?! you were amazing! thanks for making us laugh like crazy ! :)
Remember that what the government gives to slackers it must first take away from achievers.
carpet will be the new toilet paper.
Yount hits a grounder up the middle, fielded by Quinones. But they'll only get Gantner at 2nd. One down, Castillo at third.
follow her today
Thanks we try to stay on top of what's hot and the latest news in the #Philly #Tech scene/community!
Eating spaghetti dinner and watching the movie, "Hereafter"
I Hate Sundays .. -______-
Eli Whitney: Honey, I just invented the cotton gin! Mrs Whitney: Big deal - who wants to drink a fluffy martini?
Maybe I don't wanna find a girl here. Maybe I've already got my eye on someone.
Where do you find monster snails?On the end of monsters fingers.
ARE YOU SURE !?!
I'm up -_____-
I am loving Sean Avery right now !
Trying to get this new newsletter out today! Stay tuned for some new great items at The Black Art Depot.
Ethnic edible at vino spiff fest today, stay twittering for my eat.love.burg updatrs
#Adele has got some PIPES! She deserves everything she gets!
If you don't want to take part in the process, don't expect to get the results. The journey is the destination.
Final top four rankings for 2012 #NFL draft, Quarterback. 1) Andrew Luck 2) Robert Griffin I 3) Brandon Weeden 4) Ryan Tannehill
I love you moose background... Later Moose
"As long as the outcome is income"
Done!!! RT : hey follow me back? #teamfollowback I followed you(:
Why it took me 'till 8/22 to bring in iced coffee for the office I will not ever know. Totally hits the spot this warm afternoon!
:P Need anything, let me know. I pretty much got this Twitter thing down pat.
"Good play by the ball boy"
Awesome-Sauce! RT : Nice lunch with the mayor, and
X issues is a definite turn off, especially when they're constantly re-occuring...spare the next til u done wit the X!
Apparent with all this Tebow talk, the media is just angling to create another Favre. "He looks like he's having so much FUN out there!" W/E
more like an apology to his sponsors.
Cosentino: First round case interviews are toughest. Partner interviews more open. Might just be your opinion on an idea.
Boah that food did me right! (:
Great idea to have students create their own paper through paper.li
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. Albert Einstein
I feel like I should have fought for the higher pay here. Apparently we are willing or naively work for less.
i miss them too:/
are tests random or do players know when they are scheduled well in advance?
Soulja Boy got off on what you know
We are so excited!
Thank you so much for spending time with and tonight! Great insights!
This weather <<<<<
go healthfood store get arnica gel and put it on every hour. for the first 24 and ice it. That will keep swelling down.
Attachment parenting is idiotic. There I said it.
So much fun last night!!! Met some very nice people!!!
At least they are recovering with a "Vengeance." Float Boat almost hit an Iceburg!
Healer Intuitive Mark Earlix Coming to Chicago this weekend
you're welcome
That would be AMAZING! I'd like to do a #50ShadesofGrey scene w/James Scott, too! Lol.
What an odd past few days!
Q:In OBI, how to ensure badges are being given for learning/skils and not willy-nilly by any site? Any guards 4 this in the system?
I have a family to support. And I'm not always going to be doing exactly what I want to do.
#Offline #goodnight world(:
you captured the event and cause perfectly! Thank you so much!
Thank God It's Friday !!!
DIRECTV Launches Nomad
Never watched that show....need to! Is it on HBO?
Just a reminder Congressman Mike Coffman will join us on Thursday. What would you like him to talk about?
Awesome to hang with and chat #Bangalore and #tsw2012... More to come
Just made it in now im anout to get dinner started
you know starts with a "R" DO NOT SAY IT!!!!
#KEEPITLOCKED and follow for #NewEdition ticket giveaways!
My heart hurts bad for #troydavis. A pain in my soul. America, I hope you know what you are bringing on yourself.
How was the tour? So glad you came by with !
: We've decided it should be called #ChasingTheSunDay on May 20th what do you think? UK pre-order on iTunes now RT! http: ...
Thank you A & A! Can't believe you two were here 2 weeks ago now! Let's celebrate next time I'm in town!
A drummer is a musician's best friend. (from a Martin Mull album)
and thanks for the RT!
Yay! Adding this to my reading list!
Just did a little networking, now getting ready to do a 45 min. workout
My pilot this morning: "Today is a great day to aviate."
I like you xoxo *adds to fierce list*
it's an Honor to watch you and hear YOU sing. Thank you!!!
prefer to work with a script kiddie using good scripts than some of these developers writing beyond crappy "custom" codelol
Wowza. RT : Verlander 50th straight start 6 + innings. Only others who did that: Bob Gibson, Steve Carlton, Catfish Hunter
great meeting you last night my man. Great job on the panel! Thank u very much for the follow as well!
Ask. Believe. Receive.
Congratulations! A fantastic thing indeed!
could be better
=} hi.. guess i was frustrated last night, how's it going in cow town USA?
Keeping my fingers crossed!
I could seriously use a vacation. Who's with me?
Good news! just tapped Brooklyn Summer Ale!
to who
Tiniest of grey kittens crying under parked cars -- I am trying to lure with tuna, no luck! Feral, hungry, lost. Don't know what to do.
Snow cones...you know it's that thing where Albinos wear cones on there head and rave until they get some color.
good morning beautiful!
I've exceded my 12 hour work day by some time....
Not a good day.
Eating popcorn and rereading The Hunger Games. :)
I wouldn't mind if u was bi lol that would be little hot
I was disappointed in Hitman vs hollow. This is the second time hollow was in a belo avg. Battle. Not cool.
I dedicate my 540th tweet to and I to learn 540s together in June!!!!
I'm almost done with HOME my Toni Morrison. Her voice is very different in this one. Very different...
awww whhhatttttt white is so much better :P
i gt another question.lolz
we have it all in c-town buddy!
. will lead by example. We are all in this together.
dysfunctional relationship one has towards their relationship with their body
Over/under a week till ogando is the closer?
4/15/12 We are proud to be hosting the Jewish Federation of Las Vegas charity poker tournament. Come one and all for a great time !!
Long days at work can go to hell. I need, at minimum, 7 5hr Energy drinks.
Oh! iPod with headphone buds in AND a blindfold? Clever, Christian Grey. Clever...
exactly same here..?
and I can't imagine you MORE on fire woman!! Go girl.
some one want to tell me who the heck is
Have a very Happy Birthday !
the twins have fallen fast and hard. worst team in baseball
How was the concert?!?!
Thanks for the follow too! You rock!
Study? Nah, there's a special about Aaron Rodgers on. 👍
Hurry up and get your spring garden started! Lettuce,brussel sprouts,carrots,beets,cabbage,string beans and peas will grow great now!
Now that's awesome.
Lakers are playing some good defense, but it helps that James Harden has apparently forgotten how to make a layup.
Off to go celebrate amazing week plus launch new website & #SAG new media scripted short
Cool! I'll play it a little later! RT : brass monkey
How can I work today and tomorrow when all I'm thinking about is bamboozle?
"WHERE'S OLD MAN JENKINS?"
63 left, short stack ninja w/ 18bbs
Start thinking of a program. As an uncon, you have the power to make this happen.
wish I could but I'm playin in akron friday night
Need something fun to do today or it's gonna turn in to a
I'm glad you woke me up at 6:15 so you could chew on a thermos.
he may have been but thats all they got from d-town, n if he aint hittin they r scoring 52 a game
it's all good
I'm so pissed ! I don't have all A's because of gym :/
Wow, so I haven't used this in a while...maybe that should change. Expect a few articles in the next couple of days!
Hey there, (Linawkj), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Probably the best couple of weeks #Charlie Sheen's could ask for during his #meltdown while using twitter comes in at
Watching Living Single-love this show!
PITTSBURGH! Presents SUMMER JAM 2012 @ Consol Energy Center. Follow them for instant updates, including performer names!
WOW you are an idiot for supporting #RickSantorum. Just quit talking while you're ahead
I'm in vegas right now! Seeing Frank Caliendo tonight.
Instead of screaming about job openings, You should want to scream about the people and opportunities behind the your company. Companies s…
#Sanford City Manager Norton Bonaparte: "Sanford needs to move forward, we need to keep going."
itchy itchy bye bye. smooth skin, oh my, I feel good :)
Thanks so much!
remember some places are nice for vacation but not great to live. It can be nice for a few weeks but you know were home is.
Help us save the Office Of Targeted Business from the Budget axe of The Detroit City Council! They are bringing real business to our City!
well I texted Elliot and it worked
I've always liked her too, but I don't think she'll be the mom! I recall him saying he meets the mom at Barney's wedding. So...?
And when you find that straight acting class let us know! Need/want to take one, too.
I did, till some A-hole stole it out of my car!! Hoodlums!!
#cuteandconvenient = dresses with pockets
I can't, it makes me too sad.
me too i like the sound guess that makes two of us that are weird...😄😄😄
#Labrador #Retreivers are so #smart they have been known to self train, observing behaviors in humans and repeating them.
Hey can you follow me! Please!!!
#HappyHanukkah, Tweeps! Hope you're having a great start to the holiday!
Oh - only the best iPad game ever!!
you really love to do art?!
J. Cole - Grew Up Fast
Long boring day!
this is correct. We are building a mail/message platform for the site. Stay tuned as we will be rolling out soon.
this girl got me like.... 0.o lol she a strait 10
... plots & be mouthpieces @ expense of character& plausibility.They don't have internal integrityof well created charactrs.
it's been two years since i've had a class with scuzzlebutt. i can't believe it.
You rock, call ahead for anything you need @ 4079237040, Monica will take care of you!
Delay always breeds danger; and to protract a great design is often to ruin it. -Miguel De Cervantes
Put in my first job application today!!
strongly considering moving out of the country
stay classy
lol...i'm out of both:(
In the auditorium. But I only stayed for about 20 mins. RT : where we're you? I was looking haha
Early #FF Smart Women edition
My man! Thanks again! Good to hang with yall cats. Definitely be in touch.
Been out all day doing wedding stuff, spiritual counseling, cake tasting & visit to the hotel we booked whew!
Have u ever dropped ur phone on ur face? I have :) and I just did :P
Thanks! please let me know what help you might need I will DM you my email address.
hing they just get it.! ♡
finally posted on my fan page's my band page the songs my producer & engineer mixed on 2/29, part of your heart and all i'm sayin. enjoy!
Hollywood Bar and Grill at 8pm. at 9pm. at 10pm.
hi i have a friend who paints too. i'll post a pic when i get it set up. her paintings are fucking sick.
It was a baseball kind of day....weather aside. #cubs! #sox!
Well. Wasn't that a fucking fun drive into work.
Yes, only other thing could find! We are ALL META-SOAMES! She, for us, is Beauty.
I already feel mentally checked out of school and that's terrible because I have 2 papers and 3 finals to take.
THIS THANKSGIVING AND CHRISTMAS SEASON I THANK GOD FOR MY HATERS.
Thanks for sharing!!
#skc win all things
What I hate? fat girls who are trying to be skinny
For brands. I'm an author.
“: Messing around with someone else's boyfriend just shows everyone the lack of respect you have for yourself.” amen!
It's open bar at Closet Sundays!
Im guessing you're there. sorry. I do know. its tear jerking, but u know u can't be around that without being that.
Training today at Wil-O-Way Underwood. I have been waiting *months* for an opportunity to put this velociraptor sign on the DFC front door.
totally! Super pumped!
Happy Earth Day! Purchase a book online today and receive a code for 25% off your next purchase! (S/H excluded)
In the jungle the mighty jungle, the lion sleeps tonight......
The both of you look happy together. She must be a good friend.
Dolphins name Packers Offensive Coordinator Joe Philbin Head Coach
I listen to 's mixtape #AngelsAndGentleman probably 189453219 times a day :) ♥
seems like the World Series is much better than Monday Night Fumblefest
Tattoos are sexy AF. Especially on Lightskin Dudes 😍😘❤ >>>>
he died exactly on my birthday, the right year to, sad....r.I.p
Fears like The Ring.
Kitten season. (:
How about I stay home and go to sleep.
. the one in franklin .
Got an Instagram. Follow me
Yes! Today is the day! See you soon!
Just texted bud and asked her 2 borrow 800 bucks can't wait to here the response haha
�The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it
See you over there soon i hope
Almost finished
Tough Love.
i wonder if michael jackson never existed, where would music be...right now...
It's so amazingly beautiful!! Breakfast on the porch! Coffee & pancakes.
I hope I did not just see Rihanna in a movie that's coming out... Since when does she act in movies????
researching SBA loans (commercial property loans) - wondering if any commercial lenders are on twitter that can advise?
OR...the reason I ate/drank this for breakfast was because of
Definitely! Look forward to catching up soon. Once again, great info shared at
they haven't even played a regular season game yet and I want to just throw my arms up in disgust.
Their customer service is a joke.
So is it Friday yet?
how did u get so many followers .
You might want to check with Steve on that first...
Getting the reel together.
ACM- David Russell performs music for solo cello. Today. 12:15 PM First Church in Boston's Back Bay
RIP Whitney Houston so sad, prayers to her daughter and family.
Thank you so much for coming to the Genesis Awards
they played a few new songs but I grew up listening to their old stuff like Screen & Buttercup.. they closed with Buttercup
any mutv links...fucking adverts all over my stream.
Write your screenplay idea as a novel first to really get a feel for the story. Sell as eBook and publish it on CreateSpace.com. to test.
no it doesn't exist. You would use externship. I did my externship at ...
yup - Sara's graduation.
That awkward moment when you see someone copying your tweet two minutes right after you posted it... I'm not blind bro.
Naw i got a Samsung
the vmas were great: (mj tribite was great,russel brand was better than last year) and taylor was getting her first vma... and then kanye
ur confusing me now
Silly question but I can't find answer: what does BA stand for in your tweets?
Emma loves it! It's super fun! Any tips?!?
starting my sunday off right with brunch at Veselka
Cute black guys everywhere!
he told me the same thing last night...
Eyeballs? wtf was I thinking?!
lol come on down! The girls went to a concert so ots just the baby n i
Interested here in Maine! HUGE potential but policy makers need lots of educating...
Remember you are a creation of the infinite source of all creation, perfect as you are.
We still working to organize "Hotels" and "Bars" by type and should have them completed soon..."Entertainment" and "Accommodations" are done
Big #CSR day. & CSR Reports, discussion on outlook for corporate giving, and survey of corporate giving!
RT : Don't forget about the I Love Memphis party tonight at 5 p.m.
Have a super and sexy week ...
You doll..I love you..Getting ready to put your amazing record on and listen..xo
If it wasn't for my cuz talkin shid I woulda never thought of u 1st u had a #BADD reputation now u should never sho yo #face n public
Thunder up yall!
That shit be funny as hell!! RT : These niggas rolling on
Many don't know the meaning of true sacrifice.
Damn I just loafed really hard on my texts hahaha
haha i got the a anestesia done and i was messed up! Look at some of my tweets from yesterday and they look like: ksjsfu suxushe jkf
lies, all lies!
Hi, not sure what your photo is implying. Can you clarify?
Glad you enjoyed your #ShakenSTEAK Myra! :)
thanks! had a ton of fun :)
Today's beer challenge question: other than the obvious rice lagers, what style of beer do you like to pair with your sushi?
Thanks CE GROUP for making our ADDY JUDGING at the Pearl possible!!
yupp.. Yupp as usual x3... Of course i do i own it all x3. And u own me babe
I just want 2 thank both of u4 being reasonable people! Pay no attention to ...admitted troll.
Good morning raining New York!! Location scout of "The Wailing" SAG project. Test shooting with photographer!
last moment problem thus we postponed it for tomorrow :(
breakfast? you dudes still in the city?
. good luck to you and the crew. We #spacetweeps will be watching
Lots to finally be happy about!
Still waiting for it in Boston ☹ RT : Hello sunshine, nice to see you again.
Thoughts and prayers with you ryan
Smoking on that killa
Ready for new beginnings:)
good luck mollie-mae :)
We've noticed you've been testing the system extensively. Can we help you with questions?
Happy New Year! I'm actually in LA, lol
luckily it's not of myself. that would push me over the edge.
After all I do
Museums need to move from value in data to value in what is built *on* data
Great to see a pair of red tailed hawks circling over last night.
my research has lead me to a memetic hypothesis of how certain behaviors are transmitted across generations.
tease! You're not open!
that is funny..lol
True, especially really timely steals.
Everytime I get fucked up I be hungry as a bitch when I wake up.
You should sign up for our street team when we get it going
Im #highasfuck nd I look to my right nd im face to face wit
Unlocking many questions so far this week, on all fronts. #Excitingtimes ahead...
OMFG. austins cover of mistletoe! ---dead---
is old number 4 still content in retirement? It's about that time
