Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 39
yes , ofcourse . she sweet very giggly & cool ' but people fnd her annoying
up on my grind...again
Based on the copious amounts of cat vomit this weekend, my new working theory is that one or both of our cats is binging and purging.
#HuguelyTrial Day 9: Medical expert brought by Huguely defense team testifies that it is possible #YeardleyLove died from pillow suffocation
i will lol]
hannahlittle: RT : Alex Sharpe and Cole Metz will compete tomorrow in the regional spelling bee at Belmont
READY TO FUCKING GO
Missed my flight to Israel & now stuck at JFK for a yet-to-be-determined amount of time. Great start to the trip.
thanks for all the recent check ins! :) How was your experience at Mizu?
To all my fellow NYC summer fashion interns -- join me in applying to Fashion Campus NYC!
I have a strong desire for Pita Jungle.
I'm off to see if it's still possible to buy the latest issue of "Rolling Stone" magazine at midnight in this so called land of freedom.
Congratulations on your new house!
Hey are u feeling any better? I tried to dm u but u don't follow us so I couldn't lol
hey ross, its robert......i'm following you now on twitter
Went to Dunkin Donuts, paid for a lg coffee and walked out the door w/ out the coffee....it's going to be one of those kind of days...
Just to be clear, not knockign NCHEMS on Pikeville report costs. Just making the point that politics costs real people money.
Why must people hate so much?
12 friend request. um yeah i think its time to accept them all..
Really!!!! My hard drive was working at home now I get to the club it anit working at all!!! Wtf
Super tired from work.
Thank you for the RT!
May have found my next abode for the year!!
What a productive weekend!
I'm a Dynamo fan. And I was not proud to see our supporters group behave like that at the end of the game.
Checked this morning & the hat is gone. Bummer. Must have been a glitch w/selling out of it. Guess I wasn't fast enough. :)
"A Dramatic Turn of Events", Dream Theater's new album. Might be pushing your 6-month limit, but it kicks ass.
a new & interesting class :) not sure what it means, but as always: more will be revealed _/|\_
IF I DON'T PASS THE ALGEBRA ONE I HAVE TO TAKE THE CLASS AGAIN NEXT YEAR LOL
Five years ago: World Bank President Paul Wolfowitz announced he would resign at the end of June 2007, following controversy over his
this guy is nothing but gold mine to generate ratings for your show. Come on, bring on real entrepreneurs than this sham.
m on the way!!
at least it's not Pawn America.
Recovering from a nasty cold has put a strain on rehearsing for the next performance, hope I can pull it off :/
Forreal! Stay coming up to me on some creepiness.
Bears are for real, the rest of the league better watch out!!
thank you!!
“: I wish I was a ginger.” your children.
Biz that replace guardsman while fighting oversees and don't give job back should be padlocked and owners sent into exile, maybe Afghanistan
So hearts are popular these days. Are you going to help make Stained Glass Hearts popular? Promote us! Promotion contests coming in 2011!
Until very very recently "Arab" was used in Roget's Thesaurus as synonymous with "hobo, tramp, vagrant."
Tweeps! Check out our friends to find other products that go towards doing social good.
Thank you, Ms. TJ for the RT :-)
I know right??? It turned into Lost!
There Are Millions Of People In This world, But In The end It All Comes Down To One
alright gonna go watch the hunger games, eat panera bread and get a henna tattoo
Sometimes the people who are critical are more motivating. I find this to be the case for me.I like to prove people wrong
yep. It's a too short I tell you!
Ha! RT : You spend your life fighting the spread of evil. Then you learn a Kardashian is pregnant.
Put down that boring, soggy brown bag lunch! Spice up your lunchbreak:
What the world really needs now is a Farsi translation of Amazing Grace and Chuck.
The unique value is "he's the village idiot" :P
On the rd. in a few hrs for Nashville! Runway audition this afternoon for the show! Hope the weather for this drive is not to bad!
love him and love the pic. Though I admit I live in fear that someday you'll tweet me out when I'm having sex on Cam4 :-p
Dan Savage just told me that Rachel Maddow just told him that Herman Cain is dropping out of the race
It's time for a #watercheck. Keep the kittens happy today :-)
Caught it on Good show old man, get ready for the fame!
PUBLIC RELATIONS: Publicity Program Planning, Perception Management, Crisis Management, Event Media Management, Ermerging Media Services.
#ThingsIHate people that complain all the time
Had good talk w/journo students at IU in Bloomington on investigative reporting. Looking forward to scenic trip back to Indy thru MM forest.
Men invented fire and women play with it ;) x
All this golf talk has motivated me to go play a round !! I think here soon im going to schedule a tee time :)
So happy KennBalls mixtape was finally released
|#quotes In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm.. in the real world all rests on perseverance.
he will.
AHAHAH my dad having to completely litterely rip me and my brother from eachoter as we just fought to the death
is killing it on Live with Regis (Kelly) - He may be leaving after this performance!
hey beautiful hope your having a great day :)
happy birthday Joe ;)
cool! Sounds like a winnah!
The disappointing moment when I big bag of chips come half full.
Finally made it to Jersey City...omg i felt like this man on the Path was caressing my ass. That shxt be hella packed.
Thank you God. <3
he'll yeah and I'm a Heat fan,!
Jazz are getting slapped. Id still use them in 2k
Conventional Wisdom: Newt must attack Santorum. I disagree. He has to target Romney's electability & ensure a long southern state primaries
Never allow someone to be your priority while you`re just they`re option.
of course it is. it's kinda the only brunch spot in union city, right?
You're welcome! RT Great morning at #edcampCincy So grateful to the organizers...they are on a mission. I'm ready to follow!
see you soon! Have a good first night
have you ever done a q&a about being a vegan? Would like to hear more about your choice and like/dislikes!
Ah is following me. Maybe I should stop tweeting now?? NAAAAAAA
follow taylor?
My rooms too hot, sleeping on the couch tonight
Its pretty hot! I think you will be pleased!
yes. Body swap movies are the best.
We won't let you leave!
Pretty nerdy coffee talk. More Linda Richmond, less exotic tea names
Its Niall not Nial its Loui not Louis , get your 1D right girl t-.- have a nice day , o & Harry is sexy (:
thanks! Will keep cheering for & Oh, and have you read "In the Garden of Beasts" by Erik Larson?
thank you
Did I really just see that?? *dead*
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. Thomas Jefferson
Love me some ! Think I've watched that talk at least a half-dozen times.
The arts mean jobs in IL & so much more! The Land of Lincoln is home to 33,939 arts-related businesses that employ 140,313 people
I'm so sad! #Twitter says I have reached a #follow limit. :( I need more #followers in order to follow more people now.
prob bout some bullshit. Don't sweat it. Head up Chest out Oscar
it better no be slicked back
Perfection does not exist - you can always do better and you can always grow. - Les Brown
Ask what he thinks about Andrew Luck and what he's done for Stanford football.
miss u punkass
I'm playing hookie from work for baseball, but so is my boss!
follow back?
Pressure Busts Pipes....mmmmhmmm
I cannot believe he just said that.
awww thank you you rock #SHOUTOUT!
the black mamba!!!!
do you watch American Idol?
Just finished A Secret in Her Kiss. Loved it! Terrific setting & characters.
that is awesome. What did u think at that age? Will you go back this time?
met you tonight! Awesome job :) follow back?
"unconfirmed rumor" - is the same as "rumor" or "untrue"
Congratulations on your victory last night. What a battle
Really? How come? I was always (and still am) a science moron. (Not that that's relevant)
Making my way to Chicago already!
Can you say 5-0??? AND STILL UNDEFEATED....THE PACK BABY!!!!
Jeff Mittie: Pat Summitt was a rock star in her game - Fort Worth Star Telegram
free show this saturday at centinnial park..
I gotta get me a pair of glasses...
just finished putting together tomorrow's breakfast: scrambled duck egg and apple sausage breakfast burritos.
Yes, pizza is a vegetable
Wilson: "society takes information for granted"
This song's got no title, just words and a tune.
(facepalm) But for comedic sake, keep going.
Our thoughts go out to the residence, businesses and environment of Arizona during the huge wildfire spreading over 600 sq. miles!
A period is just the beginning of a lifelong sentence.
Why does always gotta happen to my homies, Im thinkin in my head man is god really judgin me
Not a problem, keep us in mind though, we maximize your supply line solutions across a variety of platforms.
Just saw the #Dove commercial that said 6 of 10 girls will quit an activity bc they don't like the way they look. Powerful stat.
All of the Star Trek tv series are now on Netflix instant queue. so... see you in a couple months? :D
That was published before the crisis. This is new thinking. You need to give yourself credit & tell Obama.
Up early in morning and already at work trying to make it happen and stay positive. Good morning FB fam.
Recalling last night's mock eulogy of , "Why is this man wearing a shirt!?"
thank you very much!!!
Hey:D This Is Danielle Soon To Be Famous Singer! LMAO.
Saw bits & pieces of Seau tribute, and Tomlinson was just terrific. Makes u wonder how even he couldn't fix #Jets locker room.
Bobby Newport is such a fantastic character..
throne or something!
Except when they run insurance companies.
That for the RT
I'm pretty good just busy with school and softball hbu?
Fun starts tonight!!!! @ 6pm
Happy Monday all! I'm on my way back to #Miami today - I've had a great time on the west coast of Florida, but I miss my home! See you soon!
blah. i dont know if i should go tonight.
Oh my - 388 people have confirmed on FB...
being sick that long isn't okay... :-/ go to the doctor?
we have flights in PIT :-)
signs with K5 International, one of the top international sales agents worldwide! Lookn fwd to the collaboration.
2 piece... Swimsuit. Imma have ppl in Chicago saying that.
Yeah, I'm basically miserable. Haha
I'm not the nicest looking person in the world, but I have had a few relationships. A couple were very bad, but another couple were okay.
- I was very lucky to have known him - life changer.
do you think he'll write me back?
It's just what people associate with poison and other evil substances.
And.....here we go.....Let's make some history today.
Ze Frank appears to have taken over the Museum-Ed Web site. www.museum-ed.org.
hahah me too u had a lot of goodtimes (:
I feel like the only Panthers fan that doesn't hate the Devils. I hate the Rangers cause their fans are a bunch of a-holes.
i want to follow me.!!!!
This is why I never pick up my phone... Lol
Using a #hashtag in my text to my mom knowing she is gonna be like whats that.
time for bed
More people need to text me because right now NO ONE is texting me!
Lion installed. Mouse scrolls backwards. Makes you go hm
People just don't understand how difficult it is to be me. they think they can trash me and hurt me, but I know I'm real.
Feel better! KISSES!!! X
Congrats to , , & You've won a copy of Sex & the City Uncovered! Email ur address to
What's everyone doing this weekend? If you get a chance, stop by for some coffee while you're out. We would love to see you!
Night night.
Out Of Order LLC presents 'Woodfish' at Bar A in belmar. CINCO DE MAYO PARTY SHOW! Woodfish @ 9pm...Tix at www.woodfishmusic.com .C U there!
I'm a whole new level of lazy
What does the #contentmarketing mean to you?
Kobe no.8 would play for scoring title... Kobe no.24 would rest for another ring..
RT : Still need to rewrite the document, but this is much more fun.
i prob am..
Smh at my grammatical errors....
My mom started complaining today and I was like... Why you asking all them questions! Lmfao
RT : recording this Sunday at 7pm at the Full Moon Club on top of Zinnie's East. See ya there!
so you agree. you think you're really pretty.
Christmas is the season when you buy this year's gifts with next year's money. ~ Anonymous
Tomorrow we hit the stage with some of the best acts to grace the Dog from 2011. Reserve your tickets for Big Dog Theater Anniversary!
Zooted out mind
YAY! Congratulations! I voted for y'all, and I hope y'all win.
share with you also bro is you are interested.
- Wow, that's happy! We'd be happy to have them!
you text me idk if i have the wrong number!
Tight work.
RT : FB: Here we go! Position units coming on the field now; QBs first with an incredible game of leapfrog. Spectacular.
Take A Shot For Me .
straight outta of compton!
Drunk at the camera. The photo is upside down meathead!
Get your play pants on for the all night art bonanza ! We have been anxiously awaiting the evening of June 4th!
yea we need to get to work
see.. Yall aint even come back....
Today was a good day for music was made. good music at that
Why do u refuse 2 rescind a single one of our 9,500 RIFs? Is this some sick attempt 2reconstitute r entire District?
I had difficulties logging on! I Would love a burrito
We won't know until after Lakers-Nuggets.
and witness with my own eyes you are going by what you hear your friends weren't motivated sucks for them
So happy Gus Johnson is calling this game right now
We have heard lots of great music! We cant thank musicians enough!
Love my hubby. Even his leftover pasta is cooked with love. yum... Might convince him to do French Onion Soup soon...
Mets better give Santana run support, or, I swear to fucking god, Johan will murder the whole squad in their sleep.
Does giving thanks - give you gas? Carry Protection. Happy Thanksgiving!
Obama fucked up with the new law.. Hell nah. Nasty as law..
Eminem ate him
obviously Mia doesn't dig physics. Her field is paleontology. Play to your audience, dude.
you have that smile that only heaven can make i pray to god everyday that you keep that smile! :D i LOVE you
Thx! We are very excited for warmer weather! RT : That pool looks amazing! RT : POOL season is rapidly...
aww good luck!! I know you will do GREAT!!!
80 degrees with a hail storm. fire and ice.
Monta barely gets to the line though for a guy that shoots so much and he only shoot 77% from line for a guard.
Playing the role of Jr Incident Manager ...LIKE A BO$$...WAKE UP ALL THE NONESSENTIAL PEOPLE!
Yeah. I Cant Decide Which Ones My Favorite!! :D But It Would Be "Beautiful Eyes"
Good morning, #tweetiebirds Thank you for another beautiful day!
Not to sure if that tweet was a #sadtweet or #happytweet ....
Awkward/funny moment when ,you open your car door and you hit the car parked next to you......WELP!
Happy Birthday to one of Western PA's finest!
Just did my crunches and push ups, now it's time for Insanity workout program!!
I'm not a fan of the barefoot contessa, get some shoes on.
Hope everyone in Denver has a happy Friday today!
Definitely going to order food from Schwanns when I move out
Riding along with SC Highway Patrol tonight!
It's all gucci!
The Blue Angels use conscious breathing techniques to withstand high G maneuvers...
Nice job on the pork chops honey, way to spoil good meat.
Heading back to Cambodia
any reporting done the results of this meeting? And follow-up collaboration sessions scheduled?
Hope you get on a flight soon!
Happy Friday, #Boston! Will you be 's Party on the Harbor tonight?! One of Boston's best event's and museums!
Starting tech training for our new teachers.
I can die happy. I love you Spiderman(:
Only the knicks can get into a fight after a go-ahead 3 pointer
I hate liars !!
Finally saw "Night at the Museum 2." Utter silliness, but so much fun on a summer's day. Ben Stiller can guard my museum any day. What?
huge favor! can u pls go follow my bf she's new here and luves your music to death! much appreciated if u do
Talking myself into going out for a run. I wish I was the person who loved getting out there when it's still dark.
It was a fantastic sunrise on Old Hickory Lake this morning! Enjoyed with a great cup of Cream Brulee Coffee! Hope your morning is good!
Me and been talking about throwing a comedy show for like months now. Get yo material ready bub lol
Beaver tranquilizers ruin all the fun
douglas kept pushin me today .
Upon my asking Joseph to do the TKC man auction for the turkey team, he replies, "none can afford me." Am I talking to Joseph or ?
Out drinking w coworkers even tho I'm still not feeling myself. I want what I had back. I'll be home soon thinking about the good times.
Looks like concert this Friday 11-11 in Albuquerque will sell out by TODAY! If you've waited, don't wait any longer. KLOVE.com
I'm interested in art only because it is "always dealing with new possibilities" -Ai Weiwei,
Had to take a Twitter hiatus, but very glad to be back! How is everyone??!!
Thanks so much! Love your amazing! Did you get a chance to rate our app? We both need to get our message out to parents!
can you plug in library's monitor or works?
All the women in my life freakin sprint through walmart like theyre on a mission
anybody interested attending a "wax party" let me know ! Special prices on waxing of all types!
Lol my cousin just said "Face your problems, don't Facebook them."
#NowPlaying Jack White - Blunderbuss
Thank you...I try. Like you said it takes practice. I pay attention to my twitter friends!!!
Uh oh, that could jeopardize Softball night as well. Ack!
can I play? I've already seen it ha ha
Hungry want some #soulfood...fried chicken N' fish, greens,cornbread and mac &m cheese... hmm #Lawshea's or M's
My pleasure! Great work you guys : - )
get ready!! It's going to be epic!!
thanks for the RT (just saw them now...)
Can you believe it's been a year since you were on ABDC. Are you watching it tonight!? <3
is about the only person on the planet I will get up early for...
On my way to see space shuttle *Discovery* fly over DC on it's way to the #Smithsonian Udvar-Hazy Air & Space annex.
: not sure if they're preventing red light running. Maybe lower the fine since everyone hates them. H-A-T-E-S
slap the lady in the wheel chair because she's a poser. Then get buckets!!!
What was your favorite moment of the first round of the #NFL Draft?
Whelp....back to reality!
more pee to smell in the front!! Haha
i'm sure you would ;)
Thank you so much for posting and for the kind words!
The word 'studying' was made up of two words originally - 'students dying'.
There are some things in life you just can't compromise
SAVE THE DATE! We are holding our annual Mow Down Pollution event on June 9. Recycle your gas #mower and get a discounted electric mower!
Herb.....putting a #& at the end of Fuck doesn't censor the word.
Sherman doesn't give any answer on Peaker plant proposed in D7
I don't tweet that often so when I do i shall dedicate it to you. :) I love you this weekend was so awesome!
So damn hard to fall asleep on Sundays
I love American politics. Where else can you hear a senator say 'Monster Trucks' twice in a minute?
You a straight nigga for that response! lol
funny you thought same thing I did.. didnt realize she um uh blew up lol
I know, smash season 2 cannot come fast enough :/
Katie, thanks for following. Now, I'm following you :)
I bet! I'm so excited for you!!
#schoolmemories sleeping during lecture
The is on in 10 minutes. Tonight we feature tomorrow's news. It's amazing. I can't tell you how we do it.
By the way, I'm really glad to know there's someone else that thought that book was just a little nutty. :)
you died your hair again? no, it did that itself. -___-
Have you checked out the PerfectTix blog lately? It's the best way to stay current on everything happening around the Twin Cities and at...
Nothing like getting up for work on Monday morning after having off for 5 days straight. This will not be fun...
#STLBLUES! THEY DID IT!! THEY WON GAME 5!!! :D
"Changing the way you perceive fitness". MindFirstFitness
Well are you game?
Safranski is great. And a great subject. I'll have to see if I can track that puppy down.
I sit here n the tub with my rubber duckies all lined up! Look at us we match with our little bubble mustaches uh huh uh huh
The boys in are going to be throwing down at least 200 tracks tonight. Come get your #humpday on with them and Stellar Stylee!
Following up on our conversation back in Sept. in Philly- would you like to be a guest columnist for our upcoming HEALTH edition?
Grown Folks Game Night for the inner YOUTH in us all!There will be a 50/50 money raffle. Tickets are $2.00.”
Then I'll just follow you here. :)
Thank you for following us!
you could be a retoucher you have the eye for it
Oh my God. This is so ridiculous. SO many people here.
I was born ready, always curious steps in place before release. How many empty tubes did you buy?
start stabing dumb people until u feel better
Congrats to all 17 Orioles fans that witnessed history last night
how quickly he forgets
SLPS #13: Luke to Adam- "You guys can have sex on my bed as long as I can join"
will do!
All I wanted was some sun not a heat wave.
True;-) RT RT : "Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.”
RT We r ~~~@ 5900 wilshire come and get some!!!!
Being a real person and trying this whole bed early wake up early thing... first a lil #trueblood with JN
Quote of the day. "Everyone works for Jay-Z eventually." -My Dad talking about him working on the new stadium.
Embrace Change: Mark Twain, “The only person who likes change is a wet baby.” Learn to like positive change. Be dry, warm and grow...
Im soo numb *_* i can see my blood through my skin..vainz popin out.
Ion be wanting to go kick it cause I got other shit I have planned for my life
Eating neopolitan ice cream, reading Cosmopolitan magazine.
awww glad i made ur day love ya to=)
Die? Im immortal baby. I'm gonna travel time with Doc Brown and run that friggin Dilorean until the doors fall off. :D
i see ur point, but don't you just feel like getting wasted when the Packers lose a big game to make u forget & ease the pain? :)
Corey, we create custom twitter backgrounds for pro athletes. We would LOVE to do one for you FREE. Follow & DM us if UR interested
NU3MBERS at 2AM is about Electronic Voting fraud. It's like the TV knows I'm putting together a portfolio of my work.
Sycamores and Stags are underway at Third place is up for grabs between a pair of great mid-majors.
Already the last day at World of Asphalt! Come visit Kraft Tool in booth
Cool any day before the 15th is a go for me. I have a gig at the Elbo Room July 14th, FYI! :-) hit me up too!
my son playin football and is 9. Broke arm couple years ago and hasn't played last 2 yrs, any conditioning he needs b4 pads?
If I were in the running for most awkward human being... I think I'd have a good chance at winning that thing.
are you the middle child
Why don't aliens eat clowns??? Because they taste funny....
What? that's awesome. what's the app called?
Riverside and Lexington in an epic battle going into the 10th.
of course but still xD
Curious to know why there are no longer any internal office photos of Pandora's "Music Genome" processing online...
Thanks man. I appreciate that.
At the brewery!!
Let the church say...Amen. “: Good Morning!! Jesus is always with you....you are not a lone!! Sing ya'll”
any new album you coming out with? If so I'd like to assist you in your album cover and design work. keep that in mind ;)
Chi chi chi! Le le le! Los mineros de chile!!!! Thank you god!
How is everyone??:)
Hey did u get ur phone back yet mama
"I'm waiting for the apocalypse in 2012 / But I'm so wasted / I'll see you all in hell" - Al Jourgensen for Poet Laureate
school then the Cortland game then going with Mickala and Danielle bowling....fun day for me today....really need my jamocha shake :)
yes :) if I'm not in NYC all weekend. Haha
I appreciate thoughtful ppl....the little things mean a lot!!
Opening was fantastic! People turned away at the door Saturday, Sunday matinee with roughly 150 people. Can't complain :)
I'll be in my bunk.
#nikenextwave is Sczeszny! If only spelling it were as easy as guessing it!
Stand up. Speak out.
I love getting my nails done, but hate how long it takes.
well said. RT : from #AGUSPC12: "Good #science leads to lives saved" - Tim Manning,
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
We're daring the rain & planning to go ahead w/Tai Chi Chu'an @ Fitness by the Fountain - 6pm tonight. Wear your rain gear & come join us!
am afraid it will be like the Parsifal I saw which ended with singers drinking Koolaid in Auschwitz.
Ron Paul will bring troops home, save trillions$$. Maybe we can use that money to balance the budget.
Maybe it's like that for you, to me even the Internet gets pretty quiet at night. Maybe I need more Euro pals.
I learned today that I am a better window cleaner than a mechanic. Still had a very productive day either way you look at it.
why hey gorgeous how r u
Lol... Come and we will educate you. :)
Just saw the ship's doctor to get some medicine for my headache. It won't be gone too soon… Off to bed. I'll be sure to update in the a.m.
I know brotha. Livin' the dream!
You're braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think
welcome more new tweeties to my timeline Thanks for following!
Yea it was a baby picture of Mox (the first one we got)
Skylar rises when she is needed
o what's gonna be on it?
thank you for trying it out!
“It is the heart of a star that leads its way to the sky.”
omg. Is there any buses?
Seems that life in prison (without parole) will become next frontier of justice-seeking sooner than we imagined.
We've currently got room for... 2 or 3 more transcribers. Volunteers wanted! (Inquire within..!)
Leave it to the helping profession to be unhelpful.
Ticketmaster should have the info RT : Where can I get info on VIP Tickets for the concert on 6/22?
Love is a feeling, Marriage is a contract, and a Relationship is work. Lori Gordon
Friday Tip: In the event of a Flood....Prepare a kit with emergency supplies. Also prepare a safe room in your home.
The UN chief has said he is alarmed by escalating violence in Syria - and warned the country's president to stop.
because I won't be in Seattle :/
I do have ur numb!
"Derivative writers seem versatile because they imitate many others, past and present. Artistic originality has only its own self to copy."
hope you enjoyed your delivery today
Sorry for putting a damper on your day....
no im not mean, no im not stucked up.... I just dont talk much...
Did they also make a compelling case that PR services have a good ROI for them or their clients?
I love Fords! But bought a #Nissan this last go round,...shame on me lol
should visit the garage!
omg you guys are the best :')
I missed it. How bad was it?
Saving & sharing history!
for sure me and many ICONiacz out there!!!!! :D
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our upcoming 9th Annual Users Conference June 13-15!
Because it pales in comparison to your beauty.
“There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world. Love of books is the best of all.” - Jacqueline Kennedy. Happy World Book Day!
Gov Patrick talking about Big Dig lighting fixtures replacement - "It [Big Dig] was never adequately payed for or overseen"
I like instagram, but $1billion? What money-making special-sauce do they have cooking that we haven't seen? Loony.
Also, takeoff and landing? My kids know to look over and hold my hand. In a way, my fears free them to not have them...
is working hard on summer programming! #Yoga does not stop in the summer for our students!
Finna Take Ah HOT Shower (:
Working solo @ my kitchen table on doc she wrote...offering suggestions. Virtual. Does any1 ever work "with" anyone anymore ;)
Wednesday is the new Friday. Get with it
Amen! Thank you ♥ RT Yes, and for you as well! God is good!
Me too. Going to be great. RT : Anytime! It was a great show. Can't wait for 's next week! cc:
should be on the list?
Gotta get the win in Miami!
Sleep when??? power nap if anything.... up gettin this lettuce as u should be doing too
I get enough of that sharing your bed,
I'm trying to see where my bro is so I can get the car and get one
Madonna was solid. Interested to see how they top that with next year's halftime show!
Not in this series RT : .... woah. Haddadi-Gasol lineup? Have we seen this before?
north off the blue line rosemont stop near the hyatt hotel u cant miss it
it's a beautiful day!
who won best of show? Bummer I missed judging this year.
Shut the fuck up
“: Well it is October 1st. What will you be doing today?” a rain photoshoot!
With the Lord as my strenght What can man do to me....cover in his blood
Thought your FC article on Kickstarter made a lot of sense.
Big thanks to for always doing such a great job. Guys in Arlington, be sure to check them out.
"they should make braveheart with rihanna" I'M DRUNK DONT JUDGE ME
What time do you eat for Wednesday?
Brilliant. I love having careers in which yoga pants are standard work attire.
John Mayer's voice soothes my soul.
Is every so called video vixen/model really this bad at buisness? $500 per day plus travel and hotel seems not to be good enough!!!
ughh fine >.< and i dont leave until the first week of August!
Thinking so much about life lately
Yes jean day for the next month if we bring a jar of peanut butter to donate to the food drive.
Ah. Gotcha. RT he's Tom cruise short
Production Asst tv show was shot in the stomach yesterday while trieing to protect her wounded cousin.
I can't wait to record the new MTYS album..not to toot my own horn, but it's going to not-suck and not-suck hard...
Deb, great to meet you and thanks for your insightful talk on "Making Innovation Real" at 's Forum yesterday!
Depends on how much you already know about video. You can call us 619-594-5640
real eyes realize real lies
Like Occupy Wall Street? Like Science Fiction? Write for Solidarity Science Fiction magazine!
Competition is was makes the best things in all forms.
Troy and Abed in the morning... Nights!!!
FOLLOW she's a cutie 😚
Great Lesson with Patrice Rushen...now in my music of Miles Davis class... then haircut :)
follow back please
Lmao but i had a good time! taught me how to eat sunflower seeds :D
ritard: there's one in every family.
along the same lines as a singleton. Just caching in a static variable so all instances can share the same object.
im never sure whether you're just tweeting or running some smart viral experiment
Tumbs up...I mean, thumbs up to Made in Jersey
Graduation is next Thursday! 😃😁😱
RT BREAKING- Multiple Police agencies at home of reputed mobster in CT linked to Gardner Museum heist.
Wait a second, I knew that! Did you date Leigh-Anne????
are you in for fish fry and flick?
Some people put a little bit of their life story into every tweet... 😄 just type something!!!!
Steelers and Bears fighting it out in the 4th quarter. must be going nuts!
jordan!! u & your mom should come to our show at the roxy tonight! -
Happy December all #Sagittarius. Our time, our month, remember to point those arrows to the heavens above.
How accurate is google translate? May b a silly ques but I need to use it and i'm worried LOL
Currently researching for a massive coffee tasting!!
I'm almost positive me and come to Walmart more than your average human beings.
Weekend at Polyneices's
I never did very well in math - I could never seem to persuade the teacher that I hadn't meant my answers literally
So sad mb's not coming *crying*
ETC is invading Northern Cali in a couple of weeks. Bay area folks please come and see us at (1/13) or (1/15)
CNN has become Watch Watch Happens Live, but with uglier, less likable people and slightly more boozey conversation.
Planning on going to the #MMA Fight Pit Genesis this SAT,August 13th? We have a special $99 rate for! Call 1.800.233.1234 to book your rm.
New spam free search engine rocks
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please ♥♥
thank you for your support.
thanks for following!
you trying to go there tomorrow for someones
This fool stay falling asleep on me! <3
#ThingsNotToDoDuringAFuneral Yell Out "Y.O.L.O"
My morning text from , "Hi yontee. Happy earth day hipster!" LOL
I typically loathe college-wide email chains about lost keys but am delighted Oxy reunited a cute/lost pit bull with his fam today.
Plans tonight? Someone invite me somewhere. I'm actually bored on a Friday night. :/ grr
My sister should be fucking grateful she's finished with school, instead she acts like she's depressed
The Silk Tie likes the Vampire Mob! If you get blood on your tie and need a new one, thesilktie.com
I've been in the car five minutes and I've already had three people cut me off.
Smoking that #Supersonic, that #Gary Payton
Only if it made sense for u...happy to help make sense of a meal schedule for u.
2days workout was great! Did my 10 sets of 15 reps on 4 diff hamstring exercises. It was tiring but I am getting some grt results frm it.
Heading to tonight! If you are going out. Join me for a drink or two.
The one here in Springfield is Nasty AF! Lol, only ate there once since it's been open.
Sunday was great, i havn't laughed that hard in a while!
Blowing off some steam with
#atnight is where I come to compleet terms with" what is, what's not, and what was" its a shame I hate to see it all hurt so bad
Everybody follow an get them to 30k so we can see the video!!!!!!
I'm spending more in gas to get to work than I'll actually make today. Them cutting my shifts every day is getting old fast. New job please?
That awesome moment when PorkyPig says "Im about to go H.A.M!"
AMEN to that :)
TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that takes place ON A TRAIN.
Tech instruction meeting afternoon then reference desks...busy day
*hoping (typo)
Welcome back! Hope your project went well!
Looking forward to using this lens RT : A new study suggests a contact lens which provides a dual focus can slow progression of...
Me and Jordan Benker are sassy friends for life.
Heading out to event with
Let's be honest, nobody wants to hang out with anyway.
I Love your tweets. Ahaa (x
My interview with a UC Davis student who was pepper-sprayed down the throat by Lt. Pike. Powered by Plu.sr
Just started watching HIMYM. Why am I so late to this awesome party? Also, I'd like to marry Ted. Should I suit up for him? :)
Whats up this morning?
Last day to tweet about Gaultier Fete! Contest ends today.
Be yourself, because life's too short to be anyone else.
Tonight-Art Opening: The Horizon Line ~ Paintings by Ellen A. Lewis Sat. 6/4, 7-10pm, Sycamore Place Gallery, 120 Sycamore Pl., Decatur, GA
WOW WOW WOW WOW
Cry Baby, Whiner, Confused, Too Old...? Say what you want but "Favre" looked awesome and proved he still has what it takes. Ouch Packer fans
Do you use a PC, smart phone, or gadget to record your work, sleep, exercise, diet, mood, or anything else?
Boy that Schonefield kid sucks! Right
Excited for the #boxing tonight at !
Just ate a peach. Despite popular belief, it was a poor substitute for pussy.
yupp im in that too...iv been studying all day and have literally just given up
Girls are just girls, you don't need to understand them or make any so called theories regarding them, just enjoy and NOTICE their presence.
he's a 7-foot catcher, he wasn't gonna get much slower
Our new monthly consulting plan is getting serious traction. I'm finding that the more clients I take on, the sharper my ability to help is.
Consumers value choice. #IHOP offers choice in menu items, caloric content, and healthier items for substitution.
Does that mean the short rib at Momufuku Sunday was a bit disappointing? Duck was outrageous.
Im not even gonna try to tweet chris..i know he wont see it anyways
Cause at 4 am when the sweat sets in, did you get my message did it send? Or did you just get on with your life?
looking forward to you killin it tonight!!!
Can't sleep.
Shake that skeleton
making it pumped for the team! Muah
“: that cashin out song cold” definitely coming down bro...
"The words go deeper than the slaps."
Welcome to Twitter !
#Yankees are a 197 MM Team.. "Patience" Flies out the window when you have to take a 2nd Mortgage to see a Ballgame.
Thanks for the RT : - )
why you did that , coz he did it? And well obvious is bad that someone cut itself :)
Happy Happy Hour DC!
a dunkin donut! :)
I totally blame non-vision execs who restrict IT RT : A5 I blame IT..but it's probably more financial in a lot of cases...
Rough day.....Good night twitter!
What a wet weekend in Wisconsin! Did you manage to stay dry?
I have been up for over 5 hours and as of yet have not started crushing. Why not
We would worry less if we praised more. Thanksgiving is the enemy of discontent and dissatisfaction. Harry Ironside
I just watched the first two eps and so far, my favourite part is that credit sequence animation.
Getting a Good Fan base started :))
my day went from bad to good thanks to my girlfriend <3
Free Unlimited Direct Website Traffic, Banner and Text Advertising Always FREE Every Day!
I feel like a Lil kid waiting on Santa Claus...
Sounds good, thanks Shary!
Greys Anatomy. You get me every time everytime!!
The 4th of July is right around the corner--give a patriotic candy arrangement as a gift to a soldier you may know
get ready, this friday we get the A team back together!
I will not be using helium from now on! I'm glad to be informed.
I'm allergic to beer (I KNOW!), but I will happily post the slides to Slideshare later this week.
nice running into you this morning and congrats on the new position :)
I AM WHO I AM BCUS I WORK HARD 2 B WHO I AM!! HATERS FALLBACK!!! BOW
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
Poor Shirley, Heather's dead and can't
Just passed Little Miami High. Almost there.
so I should mess with skarlett? Cd who do u think is the most technical in the game and unexplored
Yep, but I might try to make a Twitter list -- better than going one by one to each participant page.
Yes you do it too RT : u do it too
You must be on the redline. LOL
Tough choice but A all the way!!!
Boogie Nights. What a great film.
New Rain Makes Applesauce Post: Mommy! Saturday Story Time
Reggie Evans , Gone Beat Marc Gasol Ass
20 assists and counting...
Whatever though, just gonna fall asleep to Regina Spektor & Ingrid Michaelson.<3
lol u should have went
From this week's print edition: Profits for publicly traded #Illinois companies in 2011 soared 42% over 2010 levels.
are you coming to movie night Friday?
I ain't nothing but a Hound Dog...with News about Houston area Apartments. Everyone needs a gig.
There was Danish in this box? Man, why didn't someone tell me?
I want Justin Bieber's Someday perfume
Good Luck to all the startups presenting at the #TechStars Boston demo day TODAY!
Have glanced at it before, but not really my interest. Thanks for trying and being potentially useful.
How was everyone's weekend? Everyone watch the Brewers and Packers show 'em what Wisconsin is made of?
I love you woman!
you're so beautiful omg ilu
This OSU-KU score shouldn't surprise anyone. Purdue should have beaten KU, and OSU is much, much better than Purdue
Sitting back waiting for karma to do it's job.
That's an awesome photo of Freddy Mercury!
Why must it rain every time I decide to run a 5k? I'm 3 for 3
Taking a nap.
Did you know, 40 SEI Academy students made HONOR ROLL this quarter! So proud of all our academic achievers!!
Channel 13, Rick Scott is lying to you. The website he took down helped consumers compare ALL property insur. so they could get best price
Idk all of it so im skipping to the parts ik haha SO WHY YA STANDIN OVA THERE WIT CHYA CLOTHES ON
Anti-jokes are the best
I love being an esthetican!
#heyarnold i want a room like arnolds!
Metro president Steve Jordan at the podium to accept the sculpture
would it be better for us to visit now or sometime after the baby is born?
Get out to 1400 Idlewood On Saturday for the Black Love Fest! We are expecting 10,000
Track practice, games, school, homework, boyfriend it's alot to balance ahaha
Just saw The Vow and I got to see some Tatum bum-cheeks!! :P
Good discussio at the board meeting today around site selection. It's exciting to be zeroing in on the home for Hope Lights.
nice n comfy @ lebann, indiana rest stop :-)
Traffic in LA has not changed a bit...rush hour on the Santa Monica Freeway...
you're a redneck. you should've known that since you have the american flag painted on your roof. but then again rednecks are
Think twice before burdening a friend with a secret. -Marlene Dietrich
Ok bout to HEY GURL hair than comn nxt...
i like being naked
Thanks for continuing the conversation! It ended up being quite a lively thread. Many great links & references.
*yawn*...driving home.
I was riding the train earlier thinking: I want to see puppets do Shiva Nata. But would the puppet master's head explode?
that's so mean!!
Welcome new followers!! Thanks for the follow :)
Singing at academic conferences would perhaps invigorate the academy more than anything we could possibly theorize!.
you are welcome.
Can't wait to hear 'Kill the King' and 'Break for it' on the new album.
A hater is just someone who wishes they could be you, so thank them for their admiration & move on.
I have no problem admitting my mistakes, I just hate when people feel the need to rub that sh*t in my face..-_-
w.e your doing an tweet her happy birthday or dm stop being rude an do it foreal please
bc i just got home from a party and im wide awake lol.
6% DC ticket tax coming and drop in arts funding/distribution? says "we'll get by as always, low prices and fun material"
#blogchat Don't let perfection be the enemy of the good :)
I would love one.. Could even toss you a few bucks toward your favorite charity.. Even if that is you!..
yankeeincanada: i can't consider empty complaints to be a prof responsibility (free speech sure) and i have seen a few la ...
i will try to follow everyone soon, #f4f everyone c; i always follow back!(:
When you think about me, I'll text 143♥
mexico is not the answer.
Moments like these concern me
i might get a membership for the summer... but it sucks they dont have olympic lifting platforms :/
#nwill2011 some Softchalk features: interactive questions, activities, and games; media & widgets; ADA compliance, metadata, scoring
I have no idea, I'm hoping sometime soon. But idk cause I didn't do that great in school :((((
How are you not intrigued by the acts of anonymous?
Get over the fact I rejected you to the public.
to answer that in 140 characters would be tough but theres a lot of great sports action!!
John Mellencamp - "No Better Than This" ...the first mono-only release to make the top 10 since James Brown's Pure Dynamite! in April 1964.
I need a dozen people to follow me.
Happy Happy Boy :) I love days like today!
Sha sha sha Sharks! Wish I had a TV or internet!
Welcome to Day 27! 'Abdu'l-Bahá is eating breakfast at the Euclid Hotel with some friends. This morning he goes to Pittsburgh.
Top 6 Comments on Mashable This Week
I haven't done an upgrade in a long time, but I believe CF8 upgrade asks for CF7 lic first, then CF8 upgrade lic, is that right?
"I don't know who this Darwin cat is, but survival of the fittest is anything but sociable" Palin added.
I got you tomorrow ")
got my thatcher ring just now. summer camp is almost over!
Congrats! I still have 2 weeks.
my clips???
God yes please. There aren't young people; I need your company, haha. Where are you working?
Great to hear from you!! Hope training is going well, thank you for all of the mentions! :)
Tired of not finding your friends? slow load times? Crashes? Us too! Major updates to today.
does urs go to dc?
Then again... "no cat anywhere, ever gave anyone a straight answer."
I do miss u ugly... I'm mad u stopped txtn me over sumn petty
Thanks and Merry Christmas! MT : Last minute shopping for the politico/history buff in your life? amzn.to/u5ob54
Lol I thought I was gonna have a productive weekend. Guess not.
all i can think about is Peyton's echo coming up next week...
Just be a follower. All Random.
Thank you Adam! :-)
It makes me sad that people seem so more ready to act on anger than love.
What do you do to lead others?
guess I can forget about the extra tree for the spare front bedroom, Bah humbug!
The clock
There are several dates available at Edgefield for a company picnic, 80 to 100 people in the Amphitheater. 503.492.2777
Can't fall back asleep because all I can think about is HAPPY GARDEN. Baaaaaah!
(well, now you know that I'm definitely NOT that patron -- this was my first time, I promise....)
Alright bro thanks
New game!!! Guess the person! Like (+3 is yes)
good luck yall!!!
Personal and Professional Development Tutor
great pop culture pieces. Will you send your next one to post on Vitamin W (3 WC women behind the curtain?)
Carrie underwoods new cd is great!
Ditto. Gotta edit out the bad, girl.
Need to make my dreams a reality!
Great recruitment lunch yesterday. Only 5 twitter followers away from 50! Who can help us get there by the end of the weekend?
rice crispy treats :)
as long as you don't find a hook dangling on the outside car door handle, things will be fine, for now.
Right? Makes me want to kill somebody. Actually everything makes me want to kill somebody. Bad analogy.
There's something running threw my blood, takes hold of me, taking me to heights you'll never see, that I'm your wildest dream
It's always way better when youre not the person driving when you go out , but tonight was fun
Praying for and her family. Stay strong sweetie
What's the deal with the Dem's? They can act all tough with Obama, but rolled over for the Gop?!
You let your kids get dressed with prostitutes? What kind of mother are you? :)
haha, well no more helping you text!
still hoping for green billed St.Patty's Day Nole's hats to pop up for sale. Any lying round the equipment room?
- Lets get both of y'all set up! Call me D.
I won't give up -Jason Mraz
haha! It's my son's boss!
um no so much
Why you bieng so judgmental of people lately? lol
Beginning of "the curse"-> RT : bad Hamilton decision letting Travis follow team around
The Vatican has ordered re-opening of 13 Catholic parishes in NE Ohio. What's involved and what do you think? Discussion now.
Avoid sugar shock: Enjoy some vinegar. The high acetic acid slows the breakdown of starch into sugar. Use some in your salad dressing!
Girls should have to pass a self-esteem class before being allowed to date.
tonight!!! Are you going?
I fly solo
:) Whoot! Thanks, Matt!
Q5. Who has the best Twitter avatar? Most unusual Twitter handle?
It takes meatballs to call a place Little Italy when you're not Italian or in the actual Little Italy.
I love u more❤
President Obama: "What's the difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull? [beat] A pit bull is delicious." Wow. Just wow.
No problem. Its what I do!
shit is wack. The dumb bastards are digging their own grave. Unemployment for young people is huge. Just a matter of time.
This movie is a joke..
business trip or pleasure?
i legit lol'd
i hate the snow!
I wish we were allowed to wear capris to work. Long pants in this heat is no good.
Im thinkin about getting a loft downtown.
Everyone calm down.. lil boosie still got 8 yrs in prison... People talking like he getting out tomorrow...
Okay, let me see if I have this right: POTUS supports same sex marriage and the State of NC does not? #whatswrongwiththispicture?
I didn't get to stroke Hunter's face for you omg
He hurt me & ill never forgive him 4 that. I cant believe he can do that after all weve ben through. Well hes lost me,now im gone for good..
Just checked. I'll be in SF. Damn. Hate I'll miss it. Will there be video????
With all the challenges, how can coaching support teachers to navigate our end of yr challenges?
#wewerecooluntil you didn't let me make that thing drip sweat.
Something's missing from #RHONJ: bring back Maybe he can break bread with the #Manzos this season?
Hi BOO BEAR! :)
I hate that depressing song in Toy Story 2 when Jesse reminisces about her old owner #makesmecry #imabigbaby :( :(
- No It Aint . . If They Don't Then They Aint Real .
settling in. :)
We hit 1600 "LIKES" today!! Thank you UC Peeps! Your support keeps us dialed up to 11 all day every day! Cheers! - Geoff n Ivy
MY iPHONE IS ON iCRACK.. SMH
#barneysbride Barney & Robin! Now I gotta wait.
WOO! “: just bought the album "Houses" ! :D”
FREE SHOW! If you're in the Vegas area tonight head to Yayos Tacos to catch our guys #TheEnclave at 7:15 pm
Let your work speak for itself.
hey & you too(:
I dont like it. People choose to live in the suburbs- commuting to events. Others choose cities- traffic, noise, events- baseball.
She don't want a man she just wanna
hahaha! Some people have no life's  just laugh it off, bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks 
Ive never hated the Flyers more in my life than I do now. Id rather stick my dick in an electrical socket while in the shower than like them
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR FAVORITE DANCE MOM TIED WITH ! Please don't leave! We love Brooke & Paige!
Experienced dancers male or female between ages 18-21, interested in becoming one of my dancers...DM
How about yours?
Waiting in line at Buff Exchange to sell my clothes. These hipsters are SO slow, these people are obviously transplants. -_-
Awesome performance u were really kind and nice to talk to stay sweet!! <3
Did you have a great breakfast?
lots of patience...
They were very good tonight. Very physical.
I Love You Too :)
Thanks for following!
Were a film office out in new mexico. Focused on future productions, tv series, and all areas of film.
then that's their fault/stupidity if they get hit. But a biker/walker getting hit by texting driver has no choice or chance
Thanks!! Have a great weekend:-))
okay, TEXT ME lol
I Swear His Girlfriend Is SOO Fucking Dramatic. Seriously. She Needs To Be Brought Down Ten Notches -_-
how yu been
Oh, yum! It smells good in here! Ham & scalloped potatoes in the oven.
Have u created a profile on www.knowledgesafari.com? Join others talking about #specialneeds #autism #hydrocephalus #cerebralpalsy & more!
more! pple pies, blueberry pies, cinnamon biscotti and maybe coffee cake (we'll see). Hope to see all you locals there tomorrow 8:30a to...
News working for our soldiers and Vets helping them get benefits join rickeys team rickeyleewatson.warriorsupport.us earn 6,200 mo.details
love that Seli
So pissed over everything from today.
we have an awesome Alaskan Brewing tasting event all day today too - not only great Rubicon beer - but 5 beers from up north too
I got my first two grades in grad school back today. -- :).
15 or 17? Hahaha crazy chicks. But whats funny is that I meant to upload some photos these days, I even asked Carla to help me
Loved on Real Time w/
You did. RT : I knew the heli crash was fishy. And Abottabad is not just "outside Islamabad". Its way, way outside.
Came upon a love song I wrote... It is my favorite original song by far... It's called "Eyes of an Angel"
ur mom always does that to u lol and yes I HATE IT follow plz
#Booked ! Shooting Friday on horseback - oh, yes.
You got my ticket?
BEST NIGHT EVER & YES THEY SAW ME! I THINK
Twitter deal - 1st 50 people through the doors after 4pm today get a $1 draft beer! Mention twitter to receive the discount.
I love how your Brothers give back with the charity work they do. Good Guys
miss yuh to
Starting the final chapter!
#SaySomethin is perfect, have listened to it 213 times ... Your perfect in everything you do #cometoohio watcha think?
shit im ready for tomorrow
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history. #TVC ~~Mahatma Gandhi
hi you rep the west
Hey how is everything going for you
framed my signed poster!(:
Saw it yesterday. Loved it :)
God said YES YOU CAN...just wasnt my time.
And kp no you cant know LMAO
once again Leyland shows himself to be the worst handler of pitching staff in the AL or perhaps all of baseball
tweeted about unabashed illegal book downloading. Anyone run into this with teens? Can libs. Do anything to help?
Wake & bake.
time to play my favorite game!! How far can I drive with the gas light on ..
Alright alright alright!
Hope everyone had a good thanksgiving!:D
NFL Redzone is so damn good!
Austin didn't wear me to Teen Hoot last night <|3 :'(
What are you waiting for? Come to Saratoga Downtown Farmers Market! The #ahi and #salmon is ready and fresh! Let's Go!!!
Should I buy the over priced coffee table I've had my eyes on OR pay my parking ticket debt?
The Rumpus Room. Please give an extra pat on the back to our waitress, Jennie, she was beyond excellent!
bhahaha....you should have seen all of us this morning. We looked like a$$!
Thank you following me. I am looking forward to networking with you.
Creative writing. Liberal arts ed is learning how to deconstruct ideas + construct arguments. You can't learn that on the internet
hey girl im home not gonna be in class tomorrow if you let me know what we did
what the heck you talking about? Pekachoos?!? Slow down on the booze ;)
Thanks for spreading the word! I dare anyone to watch the trailer and stay indifferent - Watch
Thanks so much for participating. Enjoy your I-Tunes!
Download "Money and Mistress" on our purevolume for FREE! Help us get to 10k likes on facebook and we will make the rest free!
NO I DUZ NOT.
Its called a bubble, which eventually popped. Just like the housing bubble.
Rondo with the buzzer beater !
LeBron claims he's the one true king. Seems like every lord in the realm is claiming to be the king these days.
Every time I see a gorgeous woman on the streets of Las Vegas I think "she's off to give some other schmuck a headache"
Cutting pensions have consequences, too RT : Remember when Obama used to say "elections have consequences"? www.StandWithWalker.com
S/o 2 I love ur tweets! My type of female!!
love that man.
awesome training! Sorry had 2 run out! Think I left my. Sunglasses!
#ndpl "we need to move resources, rethink roles, and all services to existing clients" -meg bellinger
Radomski's entree to baseball RT : "I started off as a Mets batboy and then became a clubbie." Started in 1985 as a 15-year-old.
#Texans going as Jekyll & Hyde for Halloween.
Enjoyed meeting my new iConnect students at #usffw. It's going to be a great semester!
whats up bro how u been
- anyone want to help me paint?
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
who knows the best place to have a espresso #coffee in #Miami?
Try a pancake breakfast in Fennimore with Elijah our grandson and a tractor toy show
Albania heritage 4 , exploring roots, camera fllwing. good luck! RT : I'm not familiar. What's the scoop?
Have 45k going into 800/1600, last level of the day.
Big love to all the music lovers Mint, for Afrolicious live last Friday w- the Pimps of Joytime. Was an epic time in LA!
so disappointed in abdc tonight :( pitbull such a fuckin sell out -_-
#Jags take WR Justin Blackmon in the 5th overall pick
DEFENSE IS ON POINT..
Pickup Line: I've had quite a bit to drink, and you're beginning to look pretty good
not a fan of ppl putting inspirational quotes in their email signatures...
did you send it yet? Just wondering how have you been?
TREY SONGZ JR IS DEAD NO
Wishing my mom a Happy Birthday today, u are my inspiration and reason for waking up every morning, I love you!! : )
Off this morning to meet Mike from , Check out the beautiful custom porches and homes this company does!
Our front-of-house representative will be getting in touch with you. Let us know if you don't hear back for some reason!
I need 7 by the Saints...soon. SF's secondary is fired up.
eMarketer: Attending our client-only breakfast today? Follow principal analyst David Hallerman's presentation on video advertising w/...
quote the girl off basket ball wives ( you not about that life ) wtf you all have never been in a fight proven fact YOU NOT ABOUT IT EITHER
come here and I will tell you
EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE A WILL. THOSE WHO HAVE A WILL RARELY NEED IT. ANYONE INTERESTED, CALL ME (772) 283-2868 FOR A FREE PACKAGE
is she in mt p with you?
Hitting up an open mic or 2 tonight. Hit me up if you wanna join me.
Samuel Smiles~ Hope...is the companion of power and the mother of success for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.
I ain't the kind you bring home to momma.
Im In The Hov Lane ...
feeling like crap zah is wit her dad giving me a chance to relax
thanks for the fab cocktail recipes and retweets!
I give in..Goodnight :D
Listening to practice
Eric Chow, President of the Pan Student Council, speaking on behalf of the students of Eastern Virginia Medical School welcomes Dr. Homan.
battery life for my iPhone 4 White (3 mos. old) so bad since iOS 5.1 update had to spend 100. on a Mophie battery case! :-(
Done with class. Sent 4 emails in rapid succession, now for a department mtg at noon
definitely! we want to make the best for our friends =]
Job opportunity: VP of Marketing & Communications, with a sales & marketing background in the medical industry. Oncology industry experienc…
Too right, big chapeau to the young lad.
Sound good to me, man!
naw you feel like a moose
The odds of one of Berkman/Beltran getting hurt are high. 2B every once and awhile. Rotate offdays. J.Jay is hurt.
How the world gets information is changing so fast it can be dizzying.
Rut Roh... I'll be watching the news
I love UR sense of humor! Muah!
Jenny's a freak #dislike!!!!!
Thats great! :) I miss her & you =\
The Capitol halls are echoing with someone repeatedly shouting out "Who's John Doe?"
Nordstorm's is a good place to buy a suit for 1-2k imo.
: Thanks for the welcome! Thrilled to be part of the #SVN family
been offered Rivers/Charles/Witten for ARod?...I'm thinking too little, he has 2.1 too. What do you think?
Problems with the transmitter. Should be fixed Monday.
Looking for a birthday gift? Our giftcard is the perfect gift for everyone.
Applying for Hulu job has been surprisingly enjoyable so far. Friendly, responsive people. No forms where you repeat everything on resume.
Just saw a comedy show and now eating cookies and cream gelato. I'm rounding up to the nearest weekend.
Meetings for April 13, 2012 - The Advocate
HOLY CRAP IT'S HAILING IN MIAMI.
I enjoy playing with a hose:)
Last week was National Flap Jack Week!
John DeAtley (KY Council on Postsec) describes challenges of driving state change. Logic, evidence help, but behavior change takes time.
you dont have to tell me twice
Fred Couples and Doug Flutie. Some things never change, Jared.
I need to get involved with a charity. Anyone have any recommendations?
my stomach hurts...I have too much on my mind.
Good Wednesday Morning! Laura Diaz (or Demi Moore as Erik calls her) is back from bout with bronchitis! We have the whole crew here!!!
Hey, thanks! I'd love to know who does your social media. It'd be great to connect & and network!
I want to have chips, guacamole, and mojitos with my coworker, as she jokingly suggested. But instead I am getting drive-through Taco Bell.
don't even tell me you're doing the exact same thing right now?aha but yes we are England themed&Disney movies every night!
My cousin finally has a twitter! Crap... gotta watch what I say now. Haha
What a nice surprise! :)
Reconnection Youth retweet my last tweet to get the word out about the new Reconnection App out to ur friends. New sermon available.
Working at NewVox... But stepping out for coffee
Don't think about the business opportunities- think about what you love ~Deanna Brown on successful bloggers
If you don't get out my mentions with that bull...
thanks darling I miss you!!!! :)
We were too damn young to know any better.
it is near the iste store, I think the same floor as registration.
Is that selection bias at work?
Forever waiting for the day will follow me...
RT via : I have become that person who answers work emails with "That's fantastic! Writing a blog post about it?"
your eyebrows have a personality of their own. Lol
Nice! Hey! A lil hump back!
thank you for booking mahogany on the TV sitcom. we will see u guys tomorrow.
can't wait to see my amazing boyfriend tonight an hang out with my best friends tomorrow
If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.
Written rules or unwritten rules - when two of the best college football players EVER get snubbed, it's stupid.
hmm on game night. And I thought you were a fan :-) hope its a good one
#hbrchat - profits enhance society
how r u?
A1 A Beach-food-spa loving one!
music just turned my frown upside-down.... <3 this job!
Happy Opening Day!
wish i was close enough to take a tour!
Coach, which defensive player benefits more from this new Rob Ryan defense??? D. Ware??
Awww yeah, shadow day at the high school tomorrow
awww kk yeah, that pic was so cute, it's bound to win something! :)
hi guys =)
No probs. Enjoyed the trivia, food and drinks last night. Will be back soon to use our gift card.
hahaha I better be seeing you in your new clothing this weekend then!! 😁💁
very doubtful. Brady IS the read deal!
oh hush que
i dont understand why girls post half naked pictures of themselves with a quote about love or some shit...
tonight I was supposed to go work out but I decided to watch the new footage from a short film I did. All I have to say: amazing!
better than anybody. i know. :)
Day 7 giveaway Enter this code @ rawrr.bandcamp.com/yum: tc93-gd87 first 1 wins a DL of "The Interlocutor and the Subject"
Wear your shirt to the tonight and you'll get a pair of tix to the next rollerderby bout!
“: Got my cool backpack during first step at hazah!”
Can we talk other there 😉
It got me 2.
hey friend
Peanuts are in fact not a nut. Peanuts are legumes, which contain the properties of both a bean or lentil.
I slept like a baby last night and by that I mean in a crib.
I believe everybody ought to get rich and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they may see that it is not the reply.
Currently wearing a Superman snuggie. Judge me.
New Zealand on a rampage so far at the 2012 , winning their second match 42-5 over Japan.
Date night with tom (y)
Check out for this piece, business only Q+A site ONLY using LinkedIn API & ppl can make money via telephonic consulting.
love that. did you write or are you quoting?
I sometimes get to talk knitting with patients
Hometown Glory | Adele
#CLIPPERS & will play GAME 6 in LA Friday 6 pm (PST). They'll close this out then. will ROCK!
Chiefs need to do whatever they must do to get #RG3!!
Work flow
Getting back together to review our small group action planning
Going to watch baylor tonight. want to see brittney griner.
Too busy working tonight.. Not going to get to rebuilding our website until the weekend... ugh
- in lisp a domain API becomes a well named set of functions. You still don't want to "repeat yourself".
we're also getting a ping pong table.
lol how fun would that be if I had a twin
Great seeing you last night!
Just home from Burnign Man gathering in San Fran, will build on that energy w/Maker Faire Detroit mtg WED www.socializr.com/event/315219229
everybody is upset about the no-show. no excuse is good enough.
back in the saddle.. I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Wish I had a bike rack for my car so I could easily take it back and fourth with me
Whats good! Obama 2012, ya'll better get out there an vote like last time!
It sometimes seems that we have only to love a thing greatly to get it. ~Robert Collier
been fuxxin with your shit, you need to drop more. lets link up
All week on #GMA tv show reunions. I feel old that #inlovingcolor and #murphybrown are included
just like the #Knicks in #NYC rt : It is ridiculous that the Grammys are shot in LA yet it is impossible to watch it live in LA.”
If anyone follows me I will follow you back. It would be a + if could follow me. She is my fav #TNA knockout.
U aren't afraid to cry/RT : You know why girls don't hate me
Thanks for the RT, Mark.
you right. What I mean is I dont need your morals right now lol
Sounds like a beautiful morning! :)
Where can I check that out at.. YouTube?
Happy Birthday <3 your amazing! have fun ;) XOXOXOXOX
3 days until the show at the Paradise Skatepark on Merritt Island! Playing with Still We Rise from Orlando and others!
(while learning about herpes): "This is my high of the day!"
Today only! 15% off accessories for Riverwest 24 Race Riders!
it's so good!!
She's in denial.
What is greater to gain control over Marketing or Cash Flow
Oh. Em. Gee! Me! Christian Bale is fine. It's going to be so good!
Starting a new business, or need to retool the presence for an existing one? Contact me for help with fresh web site design and branding.
I wish I didnt hold back on so much. Its prevented me from so much.
Do you have trouble making up your mind? well yes or no?
#PRSMS Media Panel:
Comparing the Readability (is.gd/lxOn) and Readable (is.gd/qFRp) bookmarklets on the updated content Readable best.
This Katy Perry song makes my asshole pucker. I curse Russell Brand for this. Among other things.
Why Yes! But of course.... That's what I Do Lil' Mama!)
lmao you thought that was your last one!!
Flinn family trying LA restaurant recommendations from Palmetto Bay friends. "The Griddle Cafe" this AM & now "The Stinking Rose" 4 dinner
Watching burlesque didn't know was in here...good movie
kinda wish 3/30 was april fools day and what happened wasn't real. too hard to understand.
lets start a wolf pack. you can be the alpha male.LMAO!
Cant.get. #boyfriend .out.of.my.head. <333
Re:PENN STATE; Certain things aren't acceptable BUT have Compassion for BOTH parties. RE:MASS; I'm CERTAIN YOU are F#%*ing up in some way.
Uhm, it's the one right next to Holiday?
Don't know why emails not coming through on LVpublicity today- Please redirect the press releases to for response
Prom dress just came, actually fits perfect!
Kennedy…..what does it all mean?
RT : Check out next week at - "A World of Difference"
RT : I always wonder if 1970's recruiters used CB radios as a sourcing tool - random thought <--LOVE IT!
My news paper is
Quote of the day: If you want #change, you have to make it. If we want progress we have to drive it #SusanRice, #Stanford University 2010
yeah i imagine!
up to season 4! wondering if i should dl now or just wait for netflix to catch up to season 5? yes! it's terrible!
School has been fun but I wish the snow would stop
Yeah, something is broken, eh?": temp at 39 degrees? is this Alaska or Atlanta?"
It's all good! haha I'm doing okay. School started again, so I'm trying to get back into the swing of things. :D
lol I know but what I'm saying is ill probably forget xD
Is 24 hours?
my favorite is our new fathead of course!
Pumped for the wknd: Booth tomorrow, then gathering SD Scenester Contest Winners to see & !
I was giving you the eye lol ;-)
well I'm doing hot pink instead of red again. & nice (:
is astounded that more people are following me than i am following. i better get out there and find some more clever people!
lol idk church street..but im trying to fuck with ucf u feel me
Frank Mulgrew, President of the Online Education Institute at , on designing the next generation of #elearning, now at
When commercials are louder than the show your watching <
We have a disposition to trials and tribulations in this world, but the one thing we don’t have to work to earn is grace.
Walking into the arena and me and my best friend started crying, and they weren't even onstage yet...♥ Jonas Memories
I'm complaining a lot 😔😒
nevermind just saw the email ....lol...
Google's New Search Algorithm to Crack Down on 'Black Hat Webspam' - Wired News
It was no small thing that the apostles were permitted to lead the colt away . . since the owners, more likely than not, were poor farmers.
when you know someone actually reads your tweets >>
you should join the facebook group I'm in. It's called something like "I hate Dan Brown strictly for literary reasons."
There's so much comedy on television. Does that cause comedy in the streets?
Oh cable back on
So happy to finally meet you. Thanks 4 your support & the work you do to combat negative Latino stereotypes.
Thank you my dear Jim, Glad it helped :) Blessings
Truth. RT : "If you aren't a graphic designer, don't do your own graphics." -
no my friend u suppose to like the steelers lol
do a single digit if u can't do 1, do 2!
that's because you are and it's the truth
any chance there will be a rain delay tonight????
Happy b-day Brandon!
yep you just went there
Omg ! Lea replied 2 me ! *DEAD* TOO HAPPY RITE NOW ! .... Hope it was the real Lea doe.... If not... Sucks 4 me !
Madd af.. bout to take a nap
Santa says he's sick of cookies. This year, he wants DeAngelis donuts! (Can you blame him?)
yeah!!! I feel so #special now :-D
have pride, show character, build tradition.
sickest. Haha I'm actually really lame but thanks :b
