Got Ink?
Hey tweeps...would you follow ? This charity was organized by one of our own therapists and is a great benefit 5K!
Fun fact! The Buffalo Bills have not trended on Twitter since their 1994 Super Bowl loss to the Cowboys.
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
Asked to be an intern for 3-6 months in Gigante, Nicaragua with eco-lodge/voluntourism/surf lodge, Project WOO!! Nica I'm coming back baby!
"Be sure to do something today that deeply nourishes you: remember the world needs your happiness." - Judith Lasater"
not HIPAA if they come forward on their own. A sick pt is more than 1k words. #APRN chat
Please announce the pick
Are you parked and open?!
Jazz comes in for a hour and a half after coming in ten minutes late. Dusts the back bar and gets to leave I obv have to stay.
Looks like everyone is divided today..
they were undersized & Bogut is 7 ft. Curry/Ellis couldn't play together forever, the defense was pitiful
Worked with Dawn Upshaw in Carnegie Hall performance of Ainadamar by Golijov. She is VERY nice and down to earth.
It's officially "Hocus Pocus" season. FINALLY. Bette Midler is my spirit animal.
is forgetting the Sugar Daddy Dream... I'm looking to meet Joe the Plumber :)
The only "entitlement" that needs reform is the the funding for the military industrial complex.
So good to hear especially after our conversation on the podcast! Can't wait to check it out!
there you go...starting a ruckus AGAIN!! LOL :)))
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter Follow me Please
RT : Q3) Does it require a job aid? Hinderance alert!!!
Girls play the game just as bad as some dudes.. If not worse
Publishing service package pricing was risky, but worked for Pre-qualified leads, reduced biz dev time.
Had a great chat with Richard & Lisa who were manning the booth at
Happy birfday If u is having cake I would like a slice please
what it do what's your name
“: i'm enjoying your speculoos via waffallonia”
I'm between the game and bball hoes
gross dude
I love and will come to daily if they keep it streaming constantly!
It's Friday...recapping win over #Hornets, and looking forward to #Blazers @ #Clippers with
It's your mindset that determines your level of success in life. Keep smiling.
ChrisVestal: BTW is 140 characters really the best way to discuss the alignment project?
bullies! :p
Just read a great article about McD in the Sunday NYTimes. Loved the dialog between RonaldMcD & a franchise owner.
I know walking with my math teacher to class looks wrong but hey I got to do what I have to do.
Bikini barbershop jersey is the best show on t.v. is the man
thanks!! So glad you could come ahttt!
Yes! That would be a freakin blast.
#rangers going to the world series!
I have unearthed my desk! It only took most of the first week back in the classroom but it is done. Can I go home now?
UK doesn't seem to feel an ounce of pressure. Impressive.
#NBA #PHIBOS RT : Timeout Boston after an 8-0 run by Philly. C's down 51-47 on some ice cold shooting.
True dat. They always always bring it. Like nobody's business
Just one thing to say,and it is: Never give up ;)
Any idea if men's soccer NCAA match this Sunday will be available on TerpsTV?
Anybody have advice on grad school/ undergrad prep course loans? Trying to get my MBA despite my lack of funds
see ya at ur house! Leave the key LOL
You have right !!!!
Couldn't agree with you more! re #twoandahalfmen trying 2 hard 2 B funny. Comedy is about who we are, not just telling jokes.
Our amazing candidate database is growing - thank you all for spreading the word with your friends ;)
Thanks 4 talking to #OccupyDC for 30min & speaking against #ucdavis #oo police brutality. We're paying attention
That flower joke that starts "the five year engagement" is so blah..
You see Bruce posted the video?
put your hearts LOL
Accidentally typed "wirtual" instead of "virtual", so I guess I'm Chekov, now.
heh. much of the backlog is from the days pre-delicious. Now I have a system. Then I didn't. Now I lack xtra time.
do you still live on the Drive? I just moved to the neighborhood! Coffee?
not yet
OMG oh my goodness I love yall tweets!
Have a great, safe Spring Break everyone! I'm sure I'll see some of you at #SXSW this week.
The Militant wishes he went on a preview ride of the Expo Line. Of course that would have involved him revealing his identity.
eating healthy it too difficult and expensive? are you kidding, it east and cheaper than buying junk..
AP) U.S. military forces flew in helicopters under cover of darkness on a raid into Somalia & freed an American and a Dane held hostage,
I was afraid to travel by airplane; noy i think #damn it feel like the games in Six Flage! LOL :)
After finally starting the unpacking process, I've come to the,conclusion that packing was a lot easier -_-
keep feeding that locker room with positive energy. You guys will put it together soon.
Lol do what you want Tay
I remember high school..... as a very melodramatic time in my life, it was fun though!!
but I can shake the.....nor did i think this through. We have to come up with something.
1935-#DUST BOWL-The drought conditions & over-farming had been building for yrs but this storm climaxed the decade long event.
lol...I gotta buy the 4 pks, cuz I'll eat entire rows if I buy the regular size
LOOOL, I was waiting for you !
It aint no fun and games when dat heater in yo face
Great drive for giants.
Lester J. Pourciau~ There is no monument dedicated to the memory of a committee.
Its a weed eat kind of day & then taking Mom to an Ivan Parker concert for Mother's Day.
Hey, thanks for taking the time to share and RT
Yes, we have a creative community of 140,000 members who work for awards - cash, recognition, client relationships
Changed my profile pic :)
DEC. 17 MIAMI! burn some rooster!
Follow our manager !!!
“: this dear...everyone on fb is really annoying me”thank u.
thank you for writing my new favorite song!! <33 I already memorize it!! #UndercoverBaby <3333
Damn No Goodnight Love :((
whats good bra !!!!
Whoa, Shecky Greene is still alive?
RT : Listening to on this long car?
Anyone else been confused and keep thinking it's 2011 already? Kinda like when a Wednesday feels like a Friday.
“: -I love your logo for "Gourmet Airways". Very cool! #MoverAndShaker #Genius #Innovator” thanks Shawn!!
When you say "Liberal" this or "Liberal" that, I honestly don't know what you're talking about. Present your argument, don't attack people.
The average household net worth for entrepreneurs is five-times more than that of the traditionally employed.
John Weber: "Make online experiences that are simpler but more compelling... Do less but do it really, really well" YES.
you should be following DavieBrownEntertainment's Twitter :)
Nothing's changed
you're welcome! xD
This is so sad
Yes!! I'll be there the 6th-14th I think. I see a lot of beach time in our future...
I apologize to my followers for next hour or so I am in an interactive play where audience responds via tweets. Plz ignore ;)
Plans are cancelled for tomorrow . The fuck now I gotta go to school D:
Currently being lectured on how I'm a jackass.. :)
What a great 10 min barefoot walk in a thunderstorm so I can study for stats
RT I'm at #AVNAwards.. it's starting now.. so many hot girls!! <--- Follow Her!
i think i've decided completely that i want to be a special needs teacher.
Please God tell me I didn't just leave my whole wallet in the cab I was just in.
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.
Oh my, I'm afraid that I have . . . Tequila Brain! LoL
The words "I'm disappointed in you" are the worst. I think the people who tell you know that too 👎 pure torture
Early morning wake-up for my 6am flight to Orlando for #nRFLsummit11 See y'all in a few hours.
We offer FREE Business Networking for Musicians and Live Music Venues. Helping to connect the dots without cost. For the love of it!
Dis girl on he other side of the fone gone make me hurt ha ass
aw, circle cat!
Martín Espada reading tonight at The Writer's Center in Bethesda, MD. If you are in the D.C. area, or know someone who is, spread the word.
. I just find Sulia to be a pain. But if it helps you stay employed, I can live with it.
O: With who?>_< stalking me, I see(;
Them boys from #OKC are taking that title this year
My mom gets me my favorite expensive brownies and my entire family eats them all. Thanks assholes.
haha did Jackson drop another 2 to celebrate his birthday?
I'm pretty sure if Aliens were watching earth as a reality show we would look like
Been shopping for four hours with my family looking for clothes for the wedding..
I added you as a friend, I'm PixieIce18. I see you are in Hufflepuff. Your house currently has 82 points. See ya there soon!
TY so much for the RT. I was serious that I had 2 make several attempts on that blog. Hope it makes sense!
Don't blame the mirror for your own reflection.
Feel pretty gay eating cadbury eggs, creme Everywhere!
What did you want to believe about your enemies today? Did you get what you wanted?
female dogs. Only female dogs are bitches
cool ill follow you !
all I'm waiting for is an invite!!
Back home from a hot day of work!! I Love South Florida weather! Better Sunny and Hot than any type of cold!!!
I'll be doing a Talk Back with Sistas The Musical on stage at the theatre later this month!
RT : that is aggressive. Guess no answer can survive without a little spin.
Teach me how to fake it as well as you do.
u act like u missed some big special show??
Audience question: how would you sustain and support small businesses?
Topic was Obama's recent higher ed proposals. Caller suggested we round up drop-outs and make them pay back aid $.
forget you old lady
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME?:D
Relapse+ recovery= redemption
That song " somebody that I used to know " is my momss SONG . I swearr she be jammmmmin in the car . Lol
a beautifull day
I HOPE NICK FOLLOWS me:)))))
How was Spain?
Yup, you gotta enough ?
I'm shwaggin today
There are those who know who we are. 2ndly, some sources asked for their own anonymity for the pubbing of gossip.
will be out and 'bout today--look for me downtown :))
Thx 4 link. We know alienating players/fans doesn't usually end well..Interesting to see if Minister's comment will have effect.
baby you can lay me down
Going to study for Econ, and a little bit for my permit test:P
Cool thing about Networking For Ppl Who Hate Networking: she classifies "centroverts" as way more similar to introverts. Being one, I agree.
I'm about to get a hour of sleep before work then go to starbucks for greentea frappuccino!
Your new arent you ??? Lol u dont ask to add, you ask those who have it to Follow you..But i will..
Where did Andrew Luck eat after being selected first overall? Del Frisco's Grille!
We do publish some titles in French, but I should note this is a French-language catalog of Mid East, Islam and African St.
“: that's how we roll! Come see us soon here in Wichita!” heck yea!!! That needs to happen soon!
I ordered a back issue of the Advocate back in Jan & still haven't received it. Have sent numerous em. Can't find phone
Surprising my sister with tickets to the colts game tonight..........PRICELESS :)
... pharmacotherapy with sympathicomimetic agents (e.g., ephedrine) or anticholinergics (e.g., imipramine).
RT : Those bartending classes on Groupon suck. Get some real learning at The prgrm is endorsed!
did you keep it close
#np “No Letting Go“ - Wayne Wonder
I've said Hamilton was better since 2010.
It's just a bad day. Not a bad life.
Trying to keep up w/ tweets makes me feel like that guy in The Plague who counts peas all day.
a shout out to my new follower
Look at precious baby Stephen!
the same, hangin in there. How you doin?
I need some "Crime Scene" tape, I just killed a moth with an AMEX bill on the floor in my office.
oh no! I just heard that #vidalsassoon passed away today. We had taken photographs of him at his home. Such a lovely person. Def be missed
Had a feeling u would ask! Nail polish matches skin tone so you look like u have mannequin hands.
Those 4 shrimp i just ate have been out since kickoff...
that's not true >_<
Had to replace the hard drive in my 3 year old Dell. Windows 7 actually boots quickly when it's the only sw on the drive!
So far so good today all I want is to make every moment in life last
Just got accepted to THATCamp!! Can't wait!
If you haven't seen "Game Change" check it out! It's amazing
Just seems then other way. But tonight main story is ignored. Wheeler and awful defense against the triple.
My new website is coming soon stay tuned!
a girl told me that nobody wud notice me rappin im gonna keep rappin hope one day somebody hear me
subway makes me happy :)
Hey everyone... Follow my lil Bro
sorry Keyra didnt mean to tagg u in this...But that gurl.
#Youcuteandallbut we just don't click.
is praying for a miracle!!
you will be happy to know that I DID remember the camera & video :) HAITI HERE I COME!
Sony going broke. Xbox> PS3
Does anyone know when then J Crew spring rewards cards expire?
"I am a very theoretical modeller now. I am doing digital humanities just like Aristotle did."
The strawberry shenanigans continue this Friday May 4th at the NYU Strawberry Festival!
Your mom.
Don't shit on cowboys vs aliens. It's my dream to see fembots vs aliens, and we'll won't get that 5th sequel if this one bombs.
Sleepy af! I feel bad i fell asleep on my tumblar boyfriend
Took the last parking spot next to ButlerPark/DAC. Waiting in shade ready to kickoff @ LongCenter
párese que me tienen botada los dos lol (jk)...if you cant 2day, try 2mm around 3 in the afternoon but ill be waiting though
North of $1,700 for Steelers Super Bowl (XL & XLIII) per ticket; not including travel and costs outside the game).
Have u ever been bullied before ?
I missed that haha
“: Our engineers our working w/ GCI to figure out why only audio is being broadcast. We apologize for the inconvience.”
Did they stop the horses from shagging flys for safety's sake before the Kentucky Derby this year?
Missouri, are you really going to mess up my bracket like Alabama and West Virginia?
Whats baking in this twitter world today?
TGIF tomorrow.... Legit.
bcuz education is revolution
HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY !!! MISS TWIST will be OUT & ABOUT ALL DAY ON ROUTE !!!! FREE SPRINKLES IF YOU MENTION TWITTER !!!
Back in the day I used to punk kids for there Easter candy at the park. What a Ass I was.
I don't even like Ledger. Brandon Lee (Crow) ripoff. Oldman allows me to watch the third reel, but doesn't save it.
This thang you call a dryer is burning my ear's.
My favorite part of the Cosby Show is the Billie Jean poster in Theo's room lol.
At least BC isn't performing as bad as Duke right now.
correlation does not mean causation. Though i'm sure you're just being facetious.
I highly recommend some Reading Challenges! They are lots of fun :)
“ #Leo's after sex comment: "Wasn't I fantastic?"”
omg yes! it was amazing! Definitely not the fashion scene it is made out to be but amazing people watching and great music.
Prose I could wrap myself in. Borrowed a friend's copy, but now have to buy my own.
Ha ha love it! Right ?! : Love the #wine you're with.
Great Thursday.wishing hubby and daughter would get better quick.Headcolds ugh go away
With Russian permission, murders 1,000 innocent Syrian gals and lads / Bashar al-Assad
Oceans in the back, Porsche's in the front....
RT : Source confirms that Rick Carlisle has agreed to a new contract with the Mavs. Story coming on
Sandy, it should. For this month there are so many vendors!
You know this is going to be a bad final when a guy walks in with two monsters
RPOF admits partisan intent on voter reg. laws now that they sent press release boasting that 45,000 more Dems got purged last 3 months.
it's true, there are a lot of pointy bits to watch out for on medieval stonework
Texas is in bloom, and so are my allergies.
Very happy right now :) <3
So I came to see play in a recital and this broad will not let us in Grrr
Blink 182 and Fall Out Boy as i sleep = a nice relaxing nap!
it's totally okay because we still won 1st place, hits next time please :D
LOL. SOUTH OF ATL. HOUR N A HALF AWAY FROM ATL...
www.Codeforamerica.org Code for America launches sign up!
what do you want to build? If you want to build widgets to visualize data go as3. If you want to build websites go
my man . this man to applaud the, successful brother
"No man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
More like Takekonout.
": I dunno y I'm up so damn earlyy :/" because your so 'cited about ericas birthday!! ;)
“: Nina Just Knows When I'm Trying To Grab Ha Attention.”She a diva tho... But I think we can fix that hahaha
we gone make a plan so we can move weight from here to there
Anyone else play little empire?
my legs are so sore today...danced like a rock star to "I kissed a girl" in class last night....never to old..
That's exactly why I haven't made the jump yet. I feel like I'm getting closer every day, though...
In what ways have you seen healthcare technology improve efficiencies at your doctor's office?
Still recovering from "Eat all the things!" Potluck on Monday. Relegated to miso soup until further notice.
Awww, no more Blake Eskin for the #NewYorkerOutloudPodcast after this week's episode. That makes me sad. Tuesdays, you always ruin the week!
Great data in "OMG: My Pancreas Just Texted!" Follow it here:
I just want to say congrats to Brad Haugabrook for graduating! So proud/happy when our players walk across the stage!
Damn... this sure does hurt. Learn from ur mistskes and move on.
if Gerv was dead, the world would be a better place.
So true RT #Taurus only has to know you for five minutes and can still have a lifelong impact on you
Thanks for the follow of !
YOU TOO, BABY<33
And that's how he'll STAY one of the richest men.
Opera Review: Robert Lepage x2019;s First Complete x2018;Ring x2019; Concludes at Met The first complete cycle of Robert Lepage x2019;s x
me too!!
Fat Bastard?
I feel sick
know what else is my favorite? MIDDLE SEAT. BACK OF PLANE. TURBULENCE. Good stuff.
your still my brother! You are one bada$$! Proud of u regardless! Come home so we can kick it!
Error, no keyboard. Press F1 to continue.
someone that played at UCLA during the 70's should know all about that!
everyone.... is famous no big deal
- Curious about your project. MSG me.
At the least they are making up for it well by giving the next iPPV for free.
Thanx for the follow. When in PITTSBURGH look us up, lets grant a wish? Want a UNITY T-Shirt?
Magic city shit!!!! Today...
We're loving #Lolla weekend! Who's your favorite so far? Who are you seeing today?
Haha thank you, I think they are pretty neat :) They are funny to watch too, so big, slow and clumsy LOL
Agreed! RT : Fascinating to see announced as a global sponsor. Smart marketing move.
just saw two good lectures by robyn wiegman and scott lucas, convinced me to tweet
YAY!!!!! :-) Lets talk when I get back from FL! x
There's almost nothing less interesting than fashion. Style and purpose, however? That's where there's something to work with.
just thought id tell you you're the only guy i know that uses winking faces (; and i think thats the coolest thing EVER! :)
Damn. Then I'll have to drag out the folks from the "dayjob" out during the week!
Um hi I love Chicago.
indeed I do!!!
7 Blue Skies in Tampa tonight at The Pegasus Lounge.
Moving down the highway listening to late night wacko radio.
Long day...body is shutting down.
Song of the Day: Lotus Flower by Radiohead
"If you don't need a friend, you need help."
Watching the lion king with the girls. You know? Before blu ray, I never really noticed how ugly simba is.
“: Apocalypse survival tip: Hang out with Will Smith. That guy always survives!” him and Chuck Norris
another day another day closer to my dreams
Im not gonna make im sick of this already lol!
Hope you'll join Chatham Baroque this weekend!
Love me hate me do whatever to make you happy :) idc
The Brother can cook how is that so strange?? He's the only one!!
Don't play with me just bcz you're a palyer.
That's fantastic! Congrats!
You cannot make up for Serenity's favorite band. She needs pure unedited,
oh man, I bet that would rock I used to do twitter parties from my phone - no fun
It was great seeing you at the and show last night! Hope you had a great time.
Thanks for the followfriday mention, Sue! Have an artful Saturday!
got all positive responses on , been trying it out. like it. seems to have grown a lot of features since initial release.
Indeed! Love that account - all should follow. RT : Oh my is interesting this morning.
"The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness." The Dalai Lama.
Beautiful Chicago late summer afternoon at Renegade Craft Fair in
#starhawk reminds me somewhat of Giants: Citizen Kabuto. Man, need to fire that game up again.
I've seen first hand what happens when you try to teach introductory coding to normal people (well, art students). It ain't pretty.
giving great tips at #SHRMTalent T2
Yay, can't wait! RT : Welcome to the team, ! I look forward to working with you soon!
following back ;)
Pretty sure vincente Padilla was an extra in the movie scarface.... He is rocking that mullet tonight
Happy to see so many of our Brooklyn Museum Educators for the conference
aww thank you.a
: journals take turns (or don't): in C: 'assessment' turns slowly, 'multimodal' micro turns; and 'students' don't turn
RT : VCU had 189 vendors who requested to make their gear in 2010. A year later? 823 vendors wanted to make licensed VCU gear.
What are your plans for the superbowl?
So excited for tonight's #Movember kick-off party with the
thanx ' love you too
My step dad pisses me off I want to punch him.
Had to turn the heat on :(
The coach definitely had on his preseason suit. Potato sack with buttons?
#50ShadesAwful just happens to be the PORN that ppl r getting down w/ right now. That's cool, whateves...
See you soon?
Agreed! RT : Be smart about your image and HONEST in the PROMISE OF YOUR BRAND. Deepest way to ensure yourself success.
I go back to Orlando Monday and I still haven't unpacked all the stuff I wanna leave home.
That awesome moment when you ask your boss if she has a Pantera CD and she says "Of course!"
It feels like it is going to snow in LA; it's cold!
snacks, SO RAD!
Back when I first followed he only had like 200ish followers & I thought he was so cool cause I only had like 50 xD haha
don't play 2 many games, but wat I will send out 2 ya is some Chi-Town Luv, ya dig... I salute ya movement!!! "Psychotic K"
Tell me, I forget. Show me, I remember. Involve me, I understand. ~ Chinese Proverb
Why is it that every time I get on here something about PV is trending?
-Flying into Cali tonight. Looking for a ride from Redondo Beach area to tomorrow. Gas money/beer. Takers?
1st Page Bing - twitter.com/expert
Do you have an older dog w/ hip and joint problems? Give your dog the nutrients they deserve with Omegas 3&6, found in our supplements!
Will be speaking with senator coons Monday afternoon
I called full moons Mickey Mouse when I was little.
Took me a while to figure out what bloomers are. *lol*
Lol i'm sorry X_X but 3 hours? uhh, are you trying to lose 400lbs or something lol
#HillerHelps - Pre-Nuptial Agreements can minimize the financial costs of divorce.
Congrats Amazing geology on your blog - love the sandstone islands and the columnar joints intruded by the dike.
Raised quite Catholic, so that always stood out. I think all Anon "politics" make more sense if you've dipped a toe in 4chan
Dumping your boyfriend because he doesn't like Taylor.
Interested mostly in tracks. Subscription req'd for that? Also, I see $49/yr and $99/yr on their site, but don't know difference.
This show is so stupid sometimes
Hello to all our new followers! You are the BEST! We only need 7 followers to get to 1k! would u give us a RT?
Genentech just posted 16 jobs in the general Job listing section on LinkedIn.
Feature article on $ANIK coming out about 10 minutes before market open. DD it ahead of time, sells for over $13 a share
Michele Woods from says that there's very little hope for orphan works bill this year. Perhaps next year?
Don't like when people feel the need to leave comments on outstanding posts about tiny typos, grammatical errors, etc. Seems so trivial.
lol i didn't know "KaKa" was trending about a person..
you post the answers onto that page :)
tonight!!!!!!! gonna be one amaazing night
lmaooo me a lame
It is going to be a beautiful day.
Giving thanks to our Creator for the kick rock in WIFI partnered with the rock-n-roll blended...
LOL, Like I also did at first. I'm really great, haven't tweet with you like forever. :))
and the only one I talk to now (my BBFFFL) even don't trust me, she is showing that she don't care when I need her! :-\
Neat! RT Video: Printing and Binding a Hand Made Octavo « The Blog of the ABAA
A radioactive hazard zone, Chernobyl's is big example.
really you too?! For what class?
Sending happy birthday wishes to - You should know that everyone here in Philly is drinking heavily to celebrate the day!
Do we need defined hours of work any more?
just sobbing silently on my bed RT if you hate older bros and sisters
Star Wars will always be the best thing ever. Shout out to George Lucas and all the Bothans who died to bring you this message.
I agree. Platform is 26463637272x better than Facebook, but there's no incentive for people to switch.
This is why I shouldnt drink.. Just woke up from a 6 hour nap!
what state u in?
Getting ready to go out to eat for supper with another couple
Um We have 666 followers. This is awkward. #sandiego Share this and help us get another follower please!
Best thing about being out of news: have a window so can see fires. Don't have to go to the scene!
did u think you'd be interviewing a master's champ last year at that Miami game?
": Girls with that natural beauty >>>>"
Full moon in the skylight, feeling legitimately crazy.
please follow me♡♡ I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 90
I expect youll be #pmki for the next several years RT Baltimore bound!!!!!
Men are born with two eyes, but only one tongue, in order that they should see twice as much as they say. -Charles Caleb Colton
that's my philosophy for administering Windows Servers. :)
"be nice to people. Play well with others" #ala11 lead tech serv.
"I thought I was going to die! I thought to myself this is the end!" -Shari "Cause you stabbed yourself with a subway knife? Lol." -me
It's not my fault that i'm not 18. I am only a couple months away from it, and if I could I would turn 18 #RIGHTNOW if I was able to. =/
Was either that or risk being pummeled by you. I've seen the avatars!
hahah we can take her to the concert too
I have too many ppl close to me that disagree with equal rights-so I am always happy to see ppl in power step up to the plate
yes yes then that is good just make sure u put "omfgosh";)
Ok now I think its 48 days until I see 1D in concert!!! :)
As I close one chapter in my life, a new one opens with hope and promise...And I am ready!
Geez, thats deep.... prob a hybrid or driver
ouch... well, it's more fun with bad timing
we'll be waiting for you! (but we will start class on time!)
thanks it was great! We're gonna watch bridesmaids again!
Pat Basset just listed ISENet on his opening keynote slides!
My dorms for next year looks like Hogwarts my friend says.... Their better not be any suspicious wizardry goin on.
three cheers for well mannered delinquents?
The trouble with #SocialMedia is that it's so anti-social.
Boyfriends running around Greenlake then we'll get to enjoy the sunshine :)
Had a great #church service today. It's not my place to judge others. Peoples true colors shine through and everyone has to answer to
Gene Wilhoit: Effort is the primary determinant of education success in many countries, it is not the case in the U.S.
but why? I just don't understand.
If goes home, this officially makes one of the worst days ever. I'm nervous. Ugh.
Just flipped out and cried cause there was a spider in the car but killed it loueyouuu
love the image
I have to throw my lunch away bc the fridge at work is broken. And it was Joy Luck.
i will get this audtion tape in& i will sing at hootfest!! Watch me :)
What you bout that KD?! Haha
Lol when I meet Louis I'm gonna be like "Hey we're in YOUville!" HAHAHAHHA.
“: I dont trust these bitches..”tell en Zoe !
"I usually wake up right as I'm starting to pee" - someone at breakfast
Lol I call people pet names too often lol
It may not surprise you to learn that my living room features both a wood-paneled stereo receiver and a beige Commodore Amiga 500.
On my way to thee mall then Pacifica!School Tomorrow;O
Hi Leigh, I'm honored by your comment. Stay safe!
Get ready for the Holiday Gala again this year! December 23rd at
That must be why she has no pants.
i love being tan:)
There's no "d" in "Michigan v Ohio State".
One hell of a rainy day.
Got my phone reconnected ;p
If he wears the same condoms
no worries, use it when you want!
SWEETY… Really sorry but it ain't nothing sweet about me ha !
Knowledge indeed! Ride those tracks like a silver bullet train.... Got House?
I wish I knew personally. He seems so down to earth. :)
Ill do it my stepdad if it come dwn to it i cant stand these mfs in here mfs @ work some opps too iaint fwt no more
Making Salsa Verde.. Chicken Nachos.... Um! Delicious!
thank u bookie! Mad dat Anit none of y'all at wrk wit me today!!
Hanging in the sun with my buddy
"Be Our Guest" invitations from CFA have "Please Use By" dates (not expiration dates)..so you may still use them
yea we got you Tati!!!
Nice, Im from Saginaw,MI But I live in Florida
What can a girl do to get you to notice her?! I know it's ridiculous b/c I am 18 and you're 16 but still. Haha!
A car full of people, one cute cat and on this morning. Heading to the valley for the weekend.
Take big goals and break them down into small pieces. Set a deadline. Get moving. Keep smiling.
commuting on back road, see a middle school boy waiting alone for school bus. ear buds in, dance moves busting out. Happy Monday!
See you in San Diego!
27 for #linsanity last night..I might have to start watching the #Knicks again..
That 2 mile run just gave me LIFE!
good call on the recital 👍💃
Pretty much. I knew it would be too but this is what he wanted so I support him. It's killin' me.
“: We had such a great time at #RescuePallooza!” So successfull!
Even a girl like me could enjoy watching Ninja Warrior :{)
I am so happy my phone is back on...
Don't you just LOVE your #Windows7Phone?
I'VE GOT THE MOVES LIKE JAGGER. lol jk, i dance like a retarded penguin.
oh yes!
Thank you TK :)
It's so cold outside today 
My lit girl wanted to hurry up trick or treating so she can get home to pass out candy to others kids. That's my boo boo girl :) I luv u
great! Thanks for connecting with me!
Thank you to everyone who came out and supported us during the run of TAPE!
I am hoping to have the post on youth soccer, as well as my Cauldron article up by Wednesday!
With and and savs :)
Painting a farm snow scene today-it's amazing how much color is in snow.
Aw, thank you!
"It has been a pleasure doing business with you and your crews"
..next question
Guess I gotta grab 2 zones to get right
guess he's not gonna call at ten like he said...
No text back yet…
A good book on your shelf is a friend that turns its back on you and remains a friend. ~Author Unknown
I followed you for this weekend. and possibly this weekend only. I expect good stuff. real good stuff.
Yea and that's not good
Yea i know its hard, but i see something you don't. Hope.
Umami donating 10% of today's proceeds to Madison Waldorf School. Still rez available between 5pm-7pm. Email Randy at
You're my favorite poker player
what every happened with that track u wanted me to do
Cold ones, old friends, and a tee time at Country tomorrow. This Saturday is coming up Brosef.
Wanna go to the movies? :D
“It’s Wednesday Who—One Thing You Might Not Know About Me” Click on my fanpage to discover one fun fact about me:...
Emotions blow, once you figure out how to get rid of them, let me know..lol.
Ask Dev about the story... RT I'm drinking like still takes care of me, then my bill arrives
lol Im just messing'
My point exactly! An inconsistent player for an inconsistent city.
learning Sencha's EXT JS Designer today...wished my head wrapped around these concepts easier
Let’s just say that ‘X’ is a variable name (“Asynchronous Javascript And X”) and keep using our current fancy acronyms.
no problem Ronnie, it will bring you more joy than it brought me :)
Yet another question from the Innovation Leaders Forum: Should we think of innovation as an *outcome* or a *strategy*?
The bus is nasty
I wonder what scent of douche Rick Santorum is?
Sounds like a perfect day! Enjoy and let us know how it goes :)
Wondering if my will get a primetime game this year. RT 5 hours until the schedule release!
RT Just reported a hazard on Veterans Hwy, Bristol, using Waze - Drive Social
'Information alone is not enough to change behavior'-prof. G. Mangiofico
it the perfect hella aggressive og addict track homie
Right! I hate it when that happens, specially when you just washed your car the day before.
Learn Chinese for the day: such:这样的, happen:发生, rock:岩
should they have interest in brad penny?
Honey mousse with parsnip cake - I'll take it!
keelelellell i miss you:(
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 58
Don't be
Come get your 35mm Lars von Trier on this weekend at 5th Ave Cinema.
Can't wait to see what God's will has in store for me! Getting impatient though. It's like he's never going to die.
That nap was clutch
14 billion ant traps set. Come on bastards im ready for ya!!!
Don't worry, Kathy! At least I know your name.
Your site kicks my ass! :D What a pleasure to visit a horror author's site & find something creepy & fun!
like you get a coin magnet and triple value coins and speed boosts! Go to the store on the main menu page!
My mom racing my step dad is literally an accident waiting to happen
for part yea, why?
Mystified why the guardian doesn't post a way to contact or email addresses for their employees. How do you get a hold of them?
thanks. Its been a long time. How you been
Hey I had a ball at in ATL - seeing Ed do Unchained and Light Up the Sky at soundcheck was worth price alone - thanks
caught your podcast (1-3). I hope the Shamrock went well. I'm also training for MCM as my first marathon. Good luck.
Never seen a video like that that would make me want to make a change. Not just gonna sit back and watch it happen.
Preparedness Tip: Good source of safe drinking water in power outage: your water heater's tank.
love that song!
Nice #INT by the #Falcons ... they're hanging tough tonight. Might knock off the
We'll check it out. If you get an error report it to
#Excited I want black car for my Bday suprise!
Never underestimate your own intelligence and never overestimate the intelligence of others
stock project.... 202 assessment.... now i remember why i stopped doing homework.
down for whatever as long as I dont have to throw 100 for a bottle #nohardliquor for a while rest 4 vegas
It's awarding to help a child find a job. We're looking for OKC companies to contract with to place our teen students. Pay job or intern.
That must be it - how far can you throw the computer, er, paperweight, perhaps?
WE'RE BACK!!! AY Nati and The Sports Freak have produced their first podcast in over a year and its a good one. (1/4)
Sunny Sunday ! :)
M! $1.50 Beef/Chicken Fajita Tacos as well as Tecate to wash 'em down with tonight @ the Goat!!!
Brewers home runs are the best way to make new friends
Catch SAVASANA tonight at in Raleigh NC!
hey my lady's can you two follow my new account please
I don't think I'll ever get over them haha.
Lower _un_employment rate? ;)
Dipset needs to come back
Just because you can doesn't always mean you should
Portland, we're playing Friday night at 2211 NE Holman, with some old old friends... And we'll have shirts!
google the little giant!
had to rush her to her to the hospital text my phone
Oh snap. If I don't have a corporate job by then, I'll walk with ya! Did you get ahold of Alan?
Condescending library patrons are my favorite sort of library patrons.
Awesome show love hearing ya on WGN Radio 720am on Saturday mornings!!
But the hottest opportunity is education– foil stamping needs not be limited to the few as it use to be a “trade secret”.
New SNOCLOTHING Shirt in the works be on the lookout... www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Tonight, the t-giving prep begins. Anyone who knows knows that proper tablescape tools are a must, and we are in short supply!
You should let me love you let me be the one to give you everything you want and need:)
#TVD today! :D
Nor is seersucker, I've found.
DON'T EVER GET OLD also got a star from Publishers Weekly. Seems almost greedy, doesn't it! ;)
I love you dano!
good bye el paso hello Albuquerque (:
Another tool is Mucktey which explores the path of power and influence.
she can't stop shitting.
haha, now that made me spit my coffee out! How'd you know? ;-)
FACEBOOK FOR XBOX 360 ANNOUNCED!! WOW!!
december seventeenth twenty twelve ! <3
you not the only one
Kids need to stop bullying each other. Just seen a kid on t.v. Get jumped because he is from another counry thats so SAD!. CRAZY
oh my "cousin" wanted to run his mouth about me but couldn't handle it when he got called out by Ben so he ran to Daddy to help
Happy Friday!! Have a great weekend!!
Just saw the most amazing doc at Sundance
Final audition at APU is completed.
I Probably should be cleaning my room.
This'll matter for nxt 36 hrs or so RT : It's times like this when I can't help wonder whether Lincoln should have let the South go.
oneday i will die while looking at one of your photos! Yeah you're murderer and also a thief! You stole my heart:))
y not i'll tell u mine and i wont lie
To the producers out there... YES we are listening. Submit beats to
At #statefair we are about to test out the ferris wheel!
&ii don't count a mans pockets..
Paul McCartney just warmed my heart!!!
That would be a lot faster.
my head hurts.
well, you do have the #thunder going for you...
he just announced he wouldn't be choosing today he's postponed it
Good morning looks like the assassins failed again.
#Kforce is turning 50 tomorrow! A big thank-you to all of our employees, clients, and consultants for making this day possible!
Is it a mom community? Ugh. I'm so sad that any mom place has a reputation for cruelty! :(
Watching ish that piss me off. First freaking recount on HBO and now two Americas on Current
Former Lakeland High star and current Carolina Hurricanes winger Patrick Dwyer skating for Team USA in World Championships
In the last 2 months, I've shown The Girl: all the Avengers (live action) movies, BSG, Hitchhikers, Spaced, The Office, IT Crowd...
A.maz.ing. Phillip and Bob Seger - wow. Just wow. #Idol Standing O - about time, judges!
*hugs back* I'm glad to be encouraging towards someone. Usually, I feel discouraged. xD
Bout to head home wit my baby! U got Wat u wanted but not Wat u was lookin for!!!!!! 😃
WANT A SHOUTOUT? TWEET ME! (MUST HE FOLLOWING ME!) WELL GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOWS BACK!
and he took your cookie thing away. Haha.
Oregon's star #wolf OR-7 leaves 5"x5" tracks, bigger than a large domestic #dog's. He keeps himself well hidden too.
A new plant nursery just opened up a few blocks from me! And it's really groovy!
The automated voice on the phone message says, "You can tell, we're really excited about this new service."
Pamper your car!! Get 20% off any auto detailing if you mention twitter. Call (619) 928-4848! We're MOBILE & come to you!
Why do my people have to get up so early! I tired!!!!
the waitress had to call manager so he could tell us we had to order more food or leave? She couldve told us herself
what an amazing comeback by djokovic!
Yay! Makes me feel special inside.
a year already? can't even RT Congrats #BU seniors! You've made it! Can't wait to hear who your speaker is!
Quan just p'd me off
First rule of leadership: everything is your fault. ~ A Bug's Life
Some days I wanna see Bron just whale on someone
Where is evidence was "hounded" by the "far left" into leaving Romney campaign b/c of his sexual orientation?
I havent had sex with a black girl in a long time.I had jungle fever for years..#team pink booties
Thoughts and prayers are with the family of Delegate Dale Martin.
Roller skating at a party!!!It's so fun!!!:D
Aww, I'm gon have to come up there and visit you.
Fina-fcking-ly. At Huntington Beach. Cali boys in!
I agree he's on a rage this season
Rugrats!(: #hell yes
Love my new Samsung Epic 4G! Just got my new phone today... excited! :)
Eggs and Bacon
Those people, who stay in different cities, can celebrate the occasion by sending valentines gifts online
:( allergies suck :/
Gotta die with money cuz i wasnt born with it
cry ya hay senales de la raza
have a great Christmas...slightly different I suppose!! Hope all is going well...
In the lab baking cookies! #praiseGod!!!
Still can't upload my run today.
Well…I can't say no to ! Done. “: Play "work hard play hard" on at 7 on too!!!!”
Sometimes I forget how good it feels to bang out a great workout..
honestly I'm just waiting for that day when a bitch wants to call me fat to my face instead over the web so i can knock her out right there
Yes! New songs came out today from The Word Alive and Childish Gambino. Happiness couldn't be described in any other way....
well now I am intrigued
man I could have used a 45 min Easter mass today with the way my kids were acting.
meaning he get to much credit or not enuff.......???
oh man. You're gona be left wondering about the travesty on your face until you get get back to a mirror
just did!
damn you dont remember the Pacers part tho? And Denzel was like "The Pacers dude? Come on now" lol
alright, i'll be there in a minute... and we can leave when critical mass is reached
Bitch dont worry about my goals, and success level! You keep punching a clock!
yal are acting like crazy people
Ok! One last clue, coming in the next tweedle!
Don't you think should be on. #MIOBI to talk to kaylie?I sure do!!!#StayStrong#StayStrong!!!
Pretty sure i bought out this morning. Cc:
Thanks again for listening appreciate all your support!! Later 0n!
": Bought 2 lottery tickets a hour ago. #FullForce" lol..might hit
Join us Sunday, June 19th to say 'Thank Dad' by treating him to a delicious Bloody Mary & Brunch !
I wish I would talk to you more:/ youre a great person!(:
k...ill be waitin
I'm buying new pedals next week and I need that sound brother !
you ain't gone @ him doe ?
e.g. for credit courses with few students but grew over the course of years (would have been easy to cut it in "strategic" times)
for an old fart you stay up awfully late!!
Senior year has been THE WORST out of all four years!
just don't pass to RT! Lol
I'm young and gotta do it while I can. Its easy for games as well.
yur welcome mama (:
Very relaxing and centering session with Thank you Cristhal!
"one good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain" - trench town rock
Popo just busted us! Aw!
Odd. People tell I'm simple all the time, but they usually are shaking their heads in despair when saying it.
�The common reputation of Twitter is that it�s frivolous, which isn�t the case
I know your out there somewhere I just hope we finally meet sometime real soon <3
Nap time 💤
solid choice lol
Also missing: reproduction.
From our family to yours, #HappyThanksgiving everyone
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
#MentionMyCrush Sorry, no crush. Just eyes on one guy & he's mines by the looks of it
Politics should never interfere with people helping people.
Who remembers the bump? The hustle? The funky four corners? Go retro with us on Thurs' patio party! Cocktails and live music from 6 - 9!
ru havung a red&black party for v-day lol
Would you/do you wear white before Memorial Day?
yay! Welcome back!!
Fletcher= J-E-T-S, JETS, JETS,JETS!!!!
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 28
I know I am late on this but glad you liked it!!!
is my new bruno/mac/liam.
Make that triplets...or ghost army?
If I had dollar for every time I tore open a package and THEN saw that it had a re-sealable opening...
You don't know my struggle
where oh where will we get breakfast today?
Fitch report: high yield default rate expected to end this year in a range of 2.5% to 3%.
Not my weekend, I guess. Shoot.
Dark Shadows was great! Super funny/dark/twisted. Reminded me a bit of Death Becomes Her! were amazing&beautiful
then dont! Keep it fresh :)
Is that Charley Murphy's voice in the NBA commercials? And if it isn't, it should be.
Religious beliefs?
it goods to be back. this place has been missing some mediocre randomness..
Looking forward to it :)
-"i'll wow your married friends with stories of my sexy-life" -"oh see, when you said that i automatically assumed sex-life-past" -"oh thx"
the realization of knowing you have no chance with </3 sad times lol.
Handling fires as the pop up! Everything is waiting on someone else...so hands off the steering wheel!
I'm there May 3rd :) which ones?
And your ass you stinky bastard : Oh man my mouth is on fire!!!
When's the last time you hear #Streetlife by #TheCrusaders on the radio? You're hearin it now! Pledge your support. 612-529-5236
#GoodMorning everybody T.G.I.F
ok u had me scared like really
dang u flew a lil bit! Maybe u won't get struck while ur there!
#whatiddowith500milliondollars pay off my student loans. And with the $100 I'll have left, maybe a nice pair of slacks.
Thank you!
Laura Prepon is doing a show with Chelsea Handler? Why Donna, Why !!
haha that was hilarious
Thank you. I did! I figured it's too cold outside to drink water. So I went with booze.
it really has.... how you holding up?
Three days to go until the Indiana AIDS Walk & Ride! AND we just added a new sponsor. Thank you Wishard Hospital for supporting the event.
your postcard is taped above my head where I sleep
Google Ads thinks any marginally tech-savvy woman I know is a man. Pro-tip, Google: Ladies are interested in social SEO and app dev., too.
Chill mode
o shush
It's always "going to be okay" when it's not happening to you.
I CAME WHEN I ATE IT
Good heavens!
I will save the best for last...great Mawnin 💜💛💜💛💜👈🎉🎉 wayment no celebrating cause y'all LOST last night! 👊💢 boo ya!
No, I will not share my iPod with you. It's called an iPod, not an usPod.
what kind? (x
Now I want some cereal and milk
lol they were at Coachella and almost everyone there smokes
Ordered my 4th skirt! I just love running in a skirt now!
I am workin on it brother!!! and when we come back well stay there!!!! Keep being the 2012 ROCKSTAR U R!!! JOEY WIZZLE!!!
See you tonight my dude. Jimmy's is the #boss hangout spot tonight.
Thats why we like it. RT : twitter: the only place people can constantly name drop and not get called out for being obnoxious.
Felling sick to my stomach so I'm attempting a nap...
The hardest thing to do is,watch someone you love, love somebody else.
NFL may be locked out, but not Pros and Cons - first feature film about fantasy football....find out first at facebook.com/prosandconsmovie
What a croc of crap, huh?
I've only met one girl who doesn't like that song, and her reason is because "they sound British" Chick's a dumbass
You don't have a movement. You have a subsidiary. And you're still a piece of snitching shit.
I'm 20 tweets away from 1500. With rehearsal being today I shall be way beyond that before the end of the day.
feeling all roofus doofus right now...might find me some trouble to get into this weekend...come on weekend with your funky self!
A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art - Paul Cezanne
Sometimes a fella just needs to eat himself some Arby's
Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
Yep!!RT : they're on other stuff thinking that.
sounds a bit disjointed. As much as I love him, probably too much in a 33 min mix. Would like to dissect more DM maybe
How did your last show go? And a thought - add #Actress to your Twitter profile!
Back to da money!
ARSENAL BEATS BARCELONA!!!
I think macirb (part of macruby) is about as close as you'll get.
Ur words are sharp like a knife...
I need sum
So, what are the #terrorists that my #Zionist #US gov has sent into #Syria up to today? Packing up 2 go bak 2 their #NATO countries?:)
good idea! I have a feeling though, she'd still want to jump around it.
TABUUUU!! Downtown Say-Town poppin! Get here now....
We were able to donate another $60 to help aide Japan. We've donated a total of $340 with your help - thanks!
I just uninstalled Path from my iPhone. Not sure I'll ever reinstall it with the current feature set.
do it! Am I awake, am I dreaming. Listen to sndtrk. It's crazy good and creepy.
Scared to ask because I don't want to jinks it, but...any snow in the future??
If you're surrounded by people who agree w/ you about most things, you aren't learning & you aren't leading. ~Donald Miller
Only installed on desktop w/ mouse so far, laptop w/ touchpad will be next.
Had an awesome conversation about bikini waxes with the women at school today,,, funniest shit EVERR
and a gorilla
Looks so amazing! Your pics always make me hungry :-)
Drugs are a bet with your mind. - Jim Morrison
thank you :) I just shaved on the edge of the bathtub hahhaha. Made me miss you
pushin carts then off to Leesburg Ga
that is so exciting!! <3 Santa Cruz! Can't wait to meet up. Things are going great with me. How has the move been for you?
Barajas yelling "loud noises" from the dugout on Cutch's shot was honestly the best thing I've seen all day
you look a little like Kelly Leak
let's pick a night and get the Studio City crew back together! everyone at Cha Cha, let's make this happen!
But does it taste good? ;-) I LOVE me a skinny latte!
Great interview with MR, Molly! I think I could use some business tips from you
I'll just end up at the across the street until the crowd dies down a bit :D
Thunder and lightning like crazyy. I love thunderstorms.
What book has influenced you greatly? How?
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 (Ben White) Full Stage with PA and Lights. 1115 Bastrop Hwy (183) Austin, TX 78702
I feel as if I'm missing something funny
Blu-ray Review: Three Outlaw Samurai via
Attending for #Nonprofits - Google Analytics > How are people using your site from different devices?
go get em tiger. Im starting my gym thurs.
April 2012. Barcelona here I come.
. will Deepak respond with anything other than, "Words words, big words, made up word. Words pretend things word."?
can we order one of these? I love it!
general hosptail is getting hotter hotter
Dude this girl getting rape in this bar I can't deal this shit is crazy
thanks so much Naomi! I'd love to connect sometime if you're free :)
I cried when Will smith killed his dog in I Am Legend
Less talking. More making. My mantra for 2012.
of course! :)
damn only 2 more full days of high school
You bet. I'm always happy to answer questions! Drop me a PM.
shut up. Amazing
come it's great!
Nonsense "patriots" thought the GOP budget was too progressive, but you think the Dems would present a more conservative budget?
#MacBook #Apple Apple MacBook Pro 13in Core i5 laptop
so much I need to say..
major score!!!
I really don't see it as that big a deal; women who chose not to have children are a minority; it will not stop man-kind....
We have many Tea Party-ers who are unhappy with how that movement has developed.
I know how lame is that! Arg it needs to be $14000 to be really competitive
Boulder, CO! We would, shall, and will traverse Kansas for you! See you on Friday at the Fox Theatre!
lol old ass movie.. I'm watching the karate kid, tryna sleep lol.. But its not goin too good.. What u been up to?
SHUT UP I AM NOT.
I really don't understand why you follow Chris just to talk shit.
I see no heart from the Lakers. Of course except for Kobe.
Hehe! The most satisfying thing about this season? Newcastle will finish above Chelsea with all their millions. Life is good.
Jack White's new album is going to rock
thats great. omg.
What are you up to tonight Luis?
I'm still working on the bit about how my dog ran off with my best friend...
Stand tall.
“: Sen Ellen Roberts, also an R, reps same area in state senate (Durango/Montrose)..voted FOR #civilunions. #coleg”
"baby in a microwave!?"
I have some business to do and several friends in the city. I usually hit the E Village, Brooklyn and Midtown West
I still shake my head is disbelief whenever I turn on and hear of #OBL's demise.
Did Kat Fernandez think of that idea? That's a fantastic recruitment tactic!
Why pay taxi rates if you can get a sedan lincoln towncar for the same price? Visit Transportation100.com
Justin Timberlake Skipping Own Wedding If Exes Can't Come? - Gather Celebs News Channel
4 U FLASH,CASH, & ASS MOTHERF@#KERS THE NU COLLAB PLAYCLOTHS G SHOCK B ON TIME GET THE BREAD & BUTTER WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes Page Th
is there a mobile app (android preferred) for myslice?
Announcing today. Very much enjoying the DVD guros on Filmmaker Roger Corman.
recipe please?
Where should you go if you need to replace your old lenses???? ;-)
There are some things that can only be changed by tears brought on by the holy presence of God.
romney didnt inherit $ (fair enough) but certainly he inherited many unique advantages: networking, a famous name, etc...
Have any of you switched from a Mac to a PC as I'm considering doing? If so, did it trigger an identity crisis?
Hehe today I tripped me stupid brother or what I like to call my sister!
HAPPY BIRTHDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYY!!!!!!! Love you boo!!!!!!!
Come the fuck on
How is Tim Geithner's head so....vertical? Like someone put it in a trash compactor.
Now that the weather is getting nice, try changing up your workouts by doing exercises outside! Enjoy the fresh air!
:) just made my day by calling me a hXc (hardcore) EDGE chick :) thanks man! <3
what is the hashtag for 2day?
hey nice profile pic.
Almost in the field house.
This is what Chad Billingsly looks like against a team that isnt named Pirates or Padres
I will say that if CB told me to do something I would probably do it! Much respect for that person!!
saaaaammmmee!! Next date there maybe! I have a habit of ordering everything that comes in toast there.
After praying... I continued standing still and awaited an answer... It came in the form of a feeling... Continued next tweet
Good morning everyone - have a productive day!
I could think of even worse ways to describe some of the people I've dealt with.
maybe a serious sass hole
If you go see Tree Of Life, do everyone a favor and DON'T EAT (or chew ice!!) in the theater. SHHH!
During their show dedicated "Don't Fear The Reaper" to of who died today. R.I.P. MCA.
The public market is a great space.
#medlibs In meant time, to add outside events to your #mlanet12 itinerary. Import into your calendar & add your events in your calendar
RT : Today I choose to be STRONG
So Matt Roth lost his scholarship to the Next Big Thing at IU? And Hoosier fans are surprised? Thats #housecreaning101!
Digital preservation value of HathiTrust for journals seems under-appreciated, more than 260K titles representing >2.5 vols...
Your #Carmel taxes are so low because like & Nat experts, investing in quality of live returns dividends
the bones of ancient creatures/fall from glass and steel hulks - / so many renegotiated raindrops bursting on the sidewalk
Got Some Subway
no way! rootbeer floats all the way !!
where you heading off to?
Dawg u know I hate onions
Thank u gorgeous! Thank u for the follow! Separate tweet to follow coming soon!
yep, for sure!
Starting to reach out to local startups in the Philly area to interview about competing companies. Updates will be posted to the blog!
why isn't your account verified?
I look at it differently,when u r growing a plant Who don't know how it's going to turn out but u hope 4 a gorgeous flower RT
k bout to now
Just booked Maxwell House! Yay! They are "good to the last drop" in my book!
pendulum vibe is a classic- u ain't got enuf body parts to cut off for it!! :)
clearly, you have never been to happy valley.
this is the best thing you have ever tweeted
Looking for a natural ant repellant? Any ideas better than 'Meditate and communicate with them and invite them to leave'
Do things that won't scale; it will teach you. (Co-Founder AirBNB.com)
Great way for me to look at bad moments.
You are right. I think I will download the book and read it over my vacation.
State test 2mr -,-
Hai Gooodmorning have a god day! wish me good luck on testing ? <3 (:
no but I'll go check it out now!
watching ten year old girls walk around 400 level terrace #BeastMode-ing around by themselves
If we're doing countries, Tony Parker, Nic Batum, Kevin Seraphin. Not too shabby, Frenchies.
i figured. Haha
Exactly. Me too.
I love shooting, however I'm really enjoying post production a lot. My goal to retouch images w/out drawing attention to my work
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 3
Drew D has to be standing on a box, Trace is 6 ft 6 in
": Man gtfoh Soulja Boy tryna remake Juice I give up on life if this happens" Lmfao (Agreed) lol
It's quite possible that the progressiveness of our generation can be attributed to The Golden Girls. Love them gals
And, it begins. Breakfast, prep, maybe breaking for an interview, wedding, more work. There are no vacation days.
"Children consume over 7.5 hours of media a day." Holy shit, that's a workday. via
better get it checked out.
thank u=]
i gotta see that movie! and besides you dont have to pay, jst sneak in. just like the old days.
You as Morgan Freeman for 10 minutes almost killed me today, dude. NOW HOLD ON, REDBAN. Hard R's, dood.
You mean white people in North Carolina? RT : WHITE PEOPLE STOP MAKING ME LOOK BAD
Lovely email from one of last year's #CGT 256 students. Today is the day! :))))))))
: lol, but remember, she can't be on that iPad ALL day. She just gone have to be mad...
Stunting ass people <<
If you want to annoy me, chew real loud like a cow.
What a cute Doggie! What's her name Zak?
RT : Our latest partnership for = Bubba Watson. Launched less than one month ago!
Canada is taking over ! !
toys like baby toys? ;)
text me :)
yess ill let you know because I really like it :)
ahah straight up G
Still haven't gotten an email about the case being opened.
Gotta love #CollegeBaseball: Utah Valley wins tonite at #11 Arizona State
I'm finally getting some muscle 💪
my entire weekend has been altered i'm stuck home for the entire weekend..no Church services,no mta/train running ugh and i'm bored
fucking hottest guy EVER is online right now......
Maybe a #ccGlobal Olympics project next??
shut up. We both know that you're the adorable one on youtube! Haha.
omg what candy? I'm heading to maui tomorrow
Facebook's other co-founder, Dustin Moskovitz, says "I don't intend to amass capital," hints most of his wealth will b donated
Boy, do I feel stupid. I just discovered that OS X has a built-in #font management app called Font Book. Doh!
I will never watch a Ken Burns documentary in the same way again.
got the most amazing woden carved heals from Bastille Days!
The first track on "Radio Music Society" (Radio Song) is smoking. Demonstrates Esparanza Spalding wide range musical talent.
lmao then she got trey young as his name like ... Who is that?
I need someone to converse with. Somebody text me.
Thanks; glad you thought so!
beautiful outside.. park bound
just did my nails meow
thank you for all for RT's
Whenever I drive out this late it feels great. Just wish I could go ouy for a drive on the freeway tonight.
American Museum app is packed to the gills with features. Did they leave anything out?
Interested in doing photo mods of the beautiful followers. Candidates will be chosen soon...
like skyscraper <3
There's nothing like a walk off win to send me home happy.
depending on when david gets here, we should go somewhere and watch....me freak out.
I haven't talked to her in a few days. But I guess we're good. How are you?
If you're looking for your favorite diner, then Google Places will lead the way and even provide you coupons if there are any!
If Chris Paul won't re-sign with the #Hornets, I think they should trade him to anyone BUT the Knicks. Send him to the Pacers
I wish relationships in movies were the same as real life , ♥
I'll bet there's a fat sack o' chronic in Dick Clark's sock drawer that he never told anyone about.
I'm going to start watching The X Factor (USA) in the fall. HEY, we have Uncle Simon and Demi Lovato!
5 months of thinking about it and I think I finally have the official question for my senior thesis! The thesis of my thesis?
Thanks dear!
I'm taking my buddy to his first production: Makropulos Case! Special thanks to for affordable orchestra seats!
in the studio with the fam as he works on a exclusive track dedicated to his mother.. "Everyday"
IKR we r just that cool :) <3
Wah ok so maybe i shouldnt have started my bday cely so early...i hope i make it out.
Check here for my AVON Deal of the Day. Everyday I will post product deal here on Facebook, Twitter (abeachdude) & abeachdude.blogger.com.
Investgaion by freeh should be wrapped up by May
Please show us support by pressing "Like." Thanks everyone!
Ima Sacramento Reprezentative Workin Hard To Make It To The Top Every Day I Work Harder Then I Did The Day B4
Today was a great day! Day one of school in the books :-)
stormy throughout chicagoland...what gives?
Think that is where we are going to go to and then home.
Getting ready to leave Dubai. What an amazing city!
The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to accomplish success?
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 12
I feel sick i been snezzing for hours and i still have a sore throat:(
Jack White's Blunderpuss streaming live on iTunes
ewwwwwwww!!!! Hahahah weird! And holy fuck I just saw my horoscope online! Holy fuck holy fuck! So true!
exactly what we do at class night
thank you so much! :)
me too.
where is "here"?
Heading to Indiana and the Feinstein Initiative for a couple of days.
Woke up at 7:50 & thought I missed my ride to school. Then I was all like oh it's Sunday. Silly me(:
Ok now...close-out the quarter well.
Let's Go Bullets
can we please figure out this communication thing? Lol I don't know if I should call you back or not
How has new media changed PR?
Fuck, can't unsee that one...We are truly living in the end of days.
I think in about 2-3 months Becky will be replaced... It will be a sad day, so many memories!
Thanks to you and everyone who celebrated with us and supported #Toys for Tots!
apols for not knowing street talk, can we have a translation please? LOL!
Who tryna make some money hit my dm
Please don't go blonde! I'd kill for porcelain skin and dark brown hair. Gorge. :)
They are so cute! Love the Santa pjs! We celebrate Christmas year round. :)
Lord, lead Me not into temptation, but won't you let a few things slide. -BAC
So little time left being a college kid. Things are starting to become very surreal.
I want to be when I grow up.
Bill says what the Irondequoit streaker did was WORSE than this next man he talks about, who may be headed to jail. 222-6000
Don't forget, we are closed today & tomorrow for our yearly maintenance. See everyone on Wednesday!
A four letter word that works wonders: L-O-V-E
Cindy is explaining how to use other webinar platforms to poll
Join the ASTD Lighthouse (/astd-) for their first meeting of the year at BancorpSouth (main branch) on 2/9 at 11:30.
I know yall bout that thuglife. I'm just tryna make it fair so yall won't jump em.
Wassup peoples?! It's !
Then a unicorn in leg warmers is likely on its way to you right now! Along with some socks... :)
Some people are so poor, all they have is money.
it's ok. Do you really feel like "playing" with a theatre company anyway? Nope!
is awesome! If you have a chance to see something there, do it!
Ferguson "Israel is in many ways the healthiest Western civilization in the world including the United States."
He's losing it...
I know, who does she think she is? Hahah
RT #Smallbiz owners can save up to $14k a year by using mobile apps for administrative work, says a new survey:...
Happy birthday to you Happy birthday to you Happy brithday dear Happy birthday to you (:
MAN....ONLY THANG I CAN SAY SHOCKED HELLUVA SEASON 4 DA EAGLES VICK HAS OFFICIALLY SURPASSED REDEMPTION
It's cause he is the dumb one! with
. so glad you enjoyed #AlvinAiley at NJPAC! Two more shows this weekend!
perhaps I oughtn'nt've deterred you from your path.
funest thing to do
asdfghjkjhgfdfgh THANK YOU! I just announced a shout out on fb to like your music n.n.
Thank you to our sponsors, lane hosts, Lucky Strike, and attendees for a very successful #GPPCMA Bowling for Hunger event!
We hope everyone's having a gorgeous Sunday! Enjoy this day with your loved ones!
where you been?
mid project Windows decides its fucking alright to close everything for updates without warning or any chance to save ANYTHING. not cool.
haha oh that's perfect. An then we'll live happily ever after :)
I just opened my eyes
me too haha:'')
Run WITH fun...nothing can happen other than u building personal strength. enjoy. :)
The greatest success is being yourself.
Good rec! I still find that plus 1000s of things in my feed so overwhelming! I need big chunks of time to write/research too
Crazy smart with no comma in between, right? Congrats winner of FL Bk Award! She's a crazy smart lady too.
did you know postsecret is on here?
Whoa! Don't get too tired now. :)
Already have been to one doctor today now on to the next one..Lovely!
KCAI animation is hosting writer/animator David B. Levy at 7 p.m. Feb. 16 in Epperson Auditorium - free and open to the public.
Do what you like doing even if it seems stupid or you think people will hate it. If you like writing poetry, then write it!
call me the dumb American but do you guys in Canada get to vote too?
Just got your email! Great to hear from you, Bryan!
"Our mission here is too profound for marshmallows..." --VOLCANIC IN ORIGIN, tonight @ 8PM
me too! We could be roommates next year.
One week from today! Do you have your tickets yet?
RT : Number one biggest lie everyone has told: I have read and agreed to the Terms of Service.
": I love Stu Scott. I think he's hilarious" for good reason he's a
Just in case...
"Action is the foundational key to all success"--Picasso,
Jesse thanks you for the link to land mind video.
17 inches“: couldn't pay me enough to drive my truck out on the ice.....pile of vehicles went in on bago yesterday.”
I think that's right. There are so many beautiful areas in Austin! Let us know if you ever need our help with anything.
I Love You So Much
We're getting set up for the Pre-Ride Party (optional) at Lucky Lab. It's today from 2-5, come get checked in early.
and Do me with a churro, arriba!!
eMusic has totally gone down the drain....thanks Sony!
Great movie!!!
Can he bring us a bigger WR? That would help. RT : Wright said: "I can't wait to see what I can help bring to the team"
It's called Finding Bigfoot and is on Animal Planet. I'd be too scared to actually go look for a bigfoot! lol!
Thank you Dianne Miller for coming out and doing some photography for the Bitter Sober show last night!
do you get a "pop tart crumbs on the bathroom floor" badge if you check in at garland enough times?
haha i would have gladly accepted right after you received your mvp award
Rise and Shine!! Today we will be renewed and joyful!
I keep it real with everyone, but I only fuck with those that keep it real with me.
Konk Pack performs in HOUSTON, TX :: TOMORROW Saturday, April 3, 2010 - 8pm !
On Enemy Soil opening for Kittie tonite at the Hawthorne Theater $23 at the doors. Doors 7pm.
My daughter is scared of the #blacksanta. She prefers the #whitesanta. So her pic was without Santa. The first pic without Santa...
Students said "fast on" was positive aspect of iPad. This fits the extending the classroom plan.
Politician visits retirement community
I love , I don't care what happens.
I want to buy a helicopter.
This the day the Lord has made; we are rejoicing and are glad in it!!
so you're doing bio notes which means you have your book so why couldn't you find it
basically over my "man" well one of em. She lied to me and said her and him were not talkin,
One of my teachers got Twitter acct today so she could follow NCAA.
< 4 hours sleep. coffee-less. consider yourself warned.
No problem!(:
not much here. Sorry I missed your Skype call yesterday.
