I guess today is National Llet's all Drive 20 mph Under the Speed Limit Day."
. to LA Chamber: We're losing 5.4 businesses a week in CA. And I'm not blaming one side or the other. We're all in this together.
Marketing opportunity to advertise yourself/company at RIFT Red Carpet Premiere. 300 ppl attending. 7 levels of partnerships available.
I'm so in love with that our work shifts make it feel like an eternity apart! Counting down the mins til I see him again!
I walk out of the elevator to the Security buildup for the Occupy March. Whoa...
Emergen-C for breakfast: not as awesome as Huevos Rancheros but sometimes a good idea.
We vote white!
( I sort of suspect my shilling for is going to earn me an unfollow from )
why do u want to go to the strip club????
Every person who left a review on #SeeNoMoreOniTunes has given 5/5 stars!
The best way to start the weekend? FREE appetizers at Blackthorn during Happy hour!
I'm going to agree with that.
Back in 2008: *person sneezes* ... Everyone around them: "Ewww, Swine flu!"
2: point at his shoe lace, (like in telling him they're loose) he's gonna bend down, you're gonna slap his ass. ;)
- way too risky.
Way too much fun last night. Work has never been more rude!
I hate awkward moments SO much. Like really...so so so much... -__-
she's crazy.
why do you follow sesame street?
#Wine Fact: European wines tend to be classified by region (Bordeaux, Chianti), while non-European wines are most often classified by grape.
Exciting audition for an original hulu series today... :-)
Im hungry ,, Like alwayss
Headed to play with Tommy and his edit of Life Tracker.
at least mine has an optin for bagel ;)
crazy lightening!
Stinky Gringo will be giving away FREE samples on Monday April 4th to the tailgaters at Opening Day for the Milwaukee Brewers! GO Brewers GO
I love weed
is at school :)
boys I meet randomly at the beach and vacation think I am. Wut is life :0?
i was reffering to you....
www.Benchplayersports.com will be on ESPN's Sportsnation today at 4 EST 1 PST. Tune in
great voice over session yesterday! Glad to have you on board!
I'm so tired of always being in the wrong.
Look at my background homies
Where the eff is my bio book.. I already lost my math book...
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant
Ok. I love one direction. KCA got me hooked.
The stupid smoke alarm thingy is out of batteries and it wont shut up and I just wanna sleep
#100thingsilove my cousins girlfriend i got you back
when me and go to the Rangers game we kill more than half of the bag by the end of the game!
Donation appeals need to be positive and emotional
Thank you!
I miss
Just out of curiosity RT this if your in the Los Angeles/Pasadena area? or reply with "ME!" lol
Stop looking for someone to make u happy,and start looking for someone who cares about ur happiness
try meditating. If that doesn't work, drugs.
Watching the #Jerzathon!!! <3 Cuz i have nothing else to do lol(:
Majority need to hear things 3-5 times from different sources to believe
so your taking shots of dude all night or are u trying to do a dude on the bar? Gotta say
Wait no.i don't wanna go back to school. 😒
Stop by our website! We've got all the #office #design solutions you need - furniture, dividers, and much more!
Finally made it into Texas where slow people don't drive in the fast lane!!
Alan Kay: "Stories construct the waking dream." "You don't see what's on your retina." Davidson: Invisible gorillas are everywhere.
Ah thank you so much Robin!! You rock ;)
four elements of tching & lrning experiences: Learners, mentors, knowledge, environment [plus] management & perf goals Boettcher
Sorry but with Tbone on the mound our team definitely would've won. The only pos that was better was CF.
I titled it "The one who got away...or did it?" I got to stay positive. Its about love and a childhood dream.
Ouron is on Netflix. Thus begins an unproductive night.
RT : The next 2 new followers we get will win tix to the May 7th game!
RT: 4 days until Founder's Day. Performances, tours, visit classes, meet our faculty, special guests. April 21 12noon-4pm.
AGREED - where's the ladies?
Do not doubt in the darkness what you have learned in the Light. Happy Weekend <3
Technically Beethoven would've called it B. RT : Beethoven Awareness Month. Be there or B-flat.
Kells, you still wanna go to game tomorrow? I'm going and two girls from work wanna go...Holla Balla!!!
Thanks for the RT
Waking up to Muscle Spasm is Not a Good feeling😁😖 ugh!!!! Grrrrr!!!
Working at TPS report since 5AM...
Just back from work...Just in time to see my Cavs in action
thanks for the follow & keeping our harbor safe... We never charge extra for emergencies, nights, weekends, holidays.. 24/7
Tummys hurting a lil bit... Missing him already :/
I Haven't Pooped Yet.
lmfao what class was it?
I'd love it if you'd follow me! You honestly are an inspiration, wish you the best, God bless you and your son =) <3
the one with JECKES? And WHY IS HE GOING WHY?? :'(
Did you just hear a cork pop? - We did! It's National #Champange Day and we're celebrating with a Delamotte Blanc de Blancs
OH-THANK U 4 THAT I BET THESE TALK SHOWS WONT LAST 5 YRS. LET ALONE 42 YRS.GIVE ME MY SOAPS BACK.
it would have been settled if you didnt try to give me them ugly names
I love talking to u only if its for a few minutes
I don't have a place in Norway anymore, and leaving my wife to play WCOOP would not give me extra points ;)
not yet, sitting below the jackson bluff dam right now drowning bream...we have a 9lb channel cat on board
Thank goodness it is Friday. I am ready for a weekend of margaritas by the pool!
Give it a bit more time. If it miraculously jumps to #50 or above tonight then yes, I'd ball my eyes out.
You are most welcome on the follow!
Grateful for another year of life, and for a wonderful birthday!!
And great owner back story! This is why I love the Derby!
How many times can I break til I shatter, over the line cant define what I'm after. ~
follow the these boys too they #liveaf-----.>
I reiterate: We can...barbecue? (Also, akjdglajd;lkasdjlakjdg puppies!)
It's only 2 wks until the first show of the season at the Farm Bureau Insurance Lawn - - Fri, May 4th
Brewers 94-68 will win the Central
NP. Thanks for the follow and the RTs! Have a great EOW. Paul
Me too! Lets have a circle jerk-off
beat everyone
I fell asleep in 6th period and Rudy had to wake me up when the bell rang. Real embarrasing >.<
Vampire Diaries baby!
AND IT A GONER FOR NOW AT LEAST !!!
If its not you Jen ask Dan or Nickelodeon if they are MAJ... someone has to be MAJ there lol
at the mall with mom shopping !
funniest 10 year old ever ' are u born guy?' RT if u think its funny! (must be following)
R.I.P..Dwayne Muhammed......A great Pittsburgh Music Pioneer and friend.
For the record, I don't see CAR taking Floyd, but I also have zero clue who they are taking. It's down to prob 6 players.
ATTN #interiordesign #bloggers : We know that many of you have questions about your websites and we would like to help.
R.I.P. MCA....No Sleep Till Brooklyn.
All power is from within and therefore under our control... Robert Cullier
“Joy is the serious business of Heaven.” - C. S. Lewis
aw she has such a great doggie smile :D
Youre Welcome Raja return the favor...You Have A Good day Now!
like. have fun.
just a note to say... I believe in your work! Keep pushing forward. PS. will never look at SMPTE bars in the same way again.
Our soup today is Roasted Garlic-Chicken-Potato
How do people rejoice in death?
lol um yeah I do know I see y'all !!!!! Lmfao
APEX Museum Salutes Our Veterans. Free Admission this weekend for veterans. Friday & Saturday 10am-5pm.
entry is free, parking is $5
“: My lips are the gun. My smile is the trigger. My kisses are the bullets. Label me a killer.”
There is always a story, and if there isn't I'm doing something wrong. -Me
you randomly said megan foxx??
I love you Jacob!!!
Great American College of Cardiology Conference in Chicago. Lot of discussion around stem cell therapy.
don't forget next weeks party for with march 12th next fri. hope to c u there..luv ya salvador ;)
We need some wide receivers! Ok? Ok. And Timmy - throw the damn ball!
any good?
“: Sad. Davonte Neal gave his verbal commitment to UA today and his dad wouldn't allow it” so what now???
I think that he just said you need to learn how to control virgins.....WTF is he talking about?
#edshow OBAMA buckles under the weight of the Gay Agenda.
"You teach best what you most need to learn." -- Richard David Bach
I try surround maself with love not friends
Hate smelling like chlorine
The $10 store got The hoes lookin good tonight but u wont fool me..i can Smell a broke bitch frome a mile away
S/o to my new
That is a pretty big jump in responsibility to me. Just proves government is in the pocket of big business.
I can't fall asleep either. Catching up on my DVR. Many episodes of parks and recreation have been watched
Knoxville sure is getting closer.
I refer you to my previous tweet that hungover me is far more productive than normal me and that has created worry within me.
when youre in a sucky mood and you go on to twitter only to find that everyone else is having a great day<<oh and first flat tire today.whoo
is now following me... Im honored :) y'all should follow her!
Awww me & Laura's song is on. <333
Wow. That's quite a tradition. But sometimes Thanksgiving can make that seem a totally appropriate choice.
nutella taste best with wheat bread.
Unfinished Brazilian Teak - Cumaru 3/4" x 4" and 5" natural tan tones, with tight even grain. Both in-stock!
Chase Shields coming out "In the Air Tonight" Badass. #boxing -ms
Great to hear! Come back soon! RT : Dinner at Two thumbs WAY up. Great job, Chef
Why cant your office provide information on Ingraham Street bridge light change--this was made more than three weeks ago? jw
Well I will be back later! I tweet you once the movie is over! Love ya! <3
Our Valentine's Day baskets make a great addition/alternative to flowers for that special someone! Grab yours at the Shoppe today!...
Are you craving delicious Italian food? Check out our Nine for $9 on Cafe Napolitana in the newest issue of C Magazine.
Fascinating #SwingVision comparison of at ages 3 and 23. Kostis: "He's never lost the naturalness of his swing." Unlike some.
no...can't say I do Cameron....Haha.
continuing with aging detectives: HARRY LIPKIN, PRIVATE DETECTIVE by Barry Fantoni - the oldest P.I in Miami Booklist star
n i was like wait u like BREASTS
HOORAY! Thanks for all the updates!
Happy Birthday Joseph
We're a little late in opening the Sherwood Ave store due to the marathon, bare with us! DT2 is open.
just got done with 4 hours of practice out in the frezzing cold :/
I'm ready to get out of the burgh for a while.. In less than 1 week! Yes
Just turned a friend on to yesterday, mere hours B4 they migrated to a new build that DOESN'T WORK! Beta test much???
Call the trademark lawyers! I think we can win thisF!
Dayumm kid. You weren't playing around. You better check all those numbers on your own.
Hollie went home .-. im sad.
We will raffle off a new BMW, so register for your chance to win. Register at www.globalwomansummit.org
it had the babies bashed bones stored in it?
I just met Yvon Chouinard at Seatac. I'm going to Chicago, he's going fishing. Really nice guy.
15 straight wins, 64 point in the last game, player of the week jan26-feb2
I think I know who you might be talking about...
best move of the draft - colts keeping TMs together
I'm here/Starla, Dear.
just tell her you're married to all of them?
everyones excited. Preserve the hog....
SHOUTS 2 DEM TEXAS BOY"S !! YEA YEA WE EVERYWHERE RAIN 2NITE WIT CHALIE BOY & DA VIP CROWD REPP N AZ ! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes Page T
I can't afford to live in fear
agreed - with that perspective that person will definitely not be learn anything anyway!
“: U in Vegas, son? San Gennaro Feast this week! #FatKidCarnival #TeamFastMetabolism u already know!
even Clipper fans would agree Stern should win.
rather disappointing. I haven't forgotten your recommendation of The Last Circus, which I plan on watching while on break.
if you're asking if we sell fan shirts, we do not. only official stuff. :>)
I know! Nirvana! Well, throw in French fries and a shake, and it would be nirvana. HA!
Someone just called looking for a 20 year old ImageWriter II printer cable. We could not find one, but we're digging deep to locate one.
Asian Kung-Fu Generation. Too Dope.
; -runs to corner and sits down . Nibbles cracker-
RT : Songdo - entire city networked, running city based upon networked information - all Cisco products?
#Panthers and #Devils now tied with 3:28 left in 3rd period of Game 7. Exciting stuff!
I'll be a judge tonite fashion show. Can't wait to see the amazing creations from Boston's best interior designers!
Being blessed is a beautiful thing. In knowing that you are blessed, how do you try and help others? :)
Unless someone magically drives by and says "here's your ticket to Ojai, now slap some makeup on" then all bets are off ;)
I need a good laugh I'm bored
Effective tomorrow, our stores are opening at 6am (except Grand Ave). Sip slowly 30 min earlier! No foolin'!
I'm on a diet.
I need a second job for the summer any suggestions babes?
#20thingsaboutme I don't see the point in doing dumb things. I have my whole life to experience with stupidity. (:
Ringling Bros circus is coming to San Diego in July. Have not been to the circus in years, even though sometimes I feel like I live in one.
on a PP!
so awesome! right!
Only six more days until the SCT Movement Workshop!
Passion is fuel. Tricia Harris
hello to all my twits out there Mr-X is back at ya with some new shiznit yo. :D
Waffle fries are the perfect vehicle for your favorite dipping sauce. Which sauce do you take for a ride?
Really can't wait to start my career so I can see people and actually have social interaction.
I was visiting the weird side of y'know with all the "Aliens." "Tumor people." and "Deformed faces." .......
ah, yes! What kind of music? What do you play?
man I needhella tracks mix and master get back at me. If u can help
you donate a lot of tweets yeah?
omg the security just offered me a pixie stick and i was like "no" LOL
lmfao... How dare u make up stories lol lol
did it also make you think about stuff?
Thx + all of the faculty/staff for the support, dedication + hard work
(damned auto correct). Commie bot. Just watch.
...and that was YOUR best tweet ever.
Everything is bigger in Texas. How about a huge comeback?
feeling almost invisible to . Lolololol. Hi jake(:
This guy reminds me of Chris Rock >.<
sure knows her stuff
Thanks, dear.
alright. cool. whats up?
I love how my mom kept calling me Madam President all weekend. Lol
Whenever you get there will be fantastic, love!
Universe, that was unnecessary...and kind of a dick move on your part today.
Don't miss 's first event with & ! bit.ly/sYqO1P
McFarland: it's easier to appeal to solidarity with those who are far away or famous than those within your community
wow. Can't compete with that. It's finals week here. Then, summer sessions starts. New position begins July 1.
Check out our diverse portfolio of closings at www.remingtoncapitalclosings.com
We coming for Summer Jam my Nugg!
good analysis. I'm going to remember this tweet.
You know you're on the internet too much if you read "0mg Cholesterol" on the salad label as: "Oh my God, Cholesterol."
There was a little payback in there but it was SO worth it! Look for the story on Tues morn.
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay , "I Love My Haters" -Stfu ! Nobody Hates On You -.-
Going to sleep. Goodnite everyone
i have a migraine. ouch
gotcha! (re: Hirsch)
during the incident, they may include her testimony as a witness as to what she heard during the encounter
We love the Brick Oven Zesty Supreme.
Really? Uh.
No!!! My heart cannot go on!
Here we go! Cotto vs Mayweather! Who do you got?
We're all still energized by Monday's advisers meeting. Got lots of helpful feedback and some new ideas for the documentary.
RT Super Hyped!!!! me too
RT Jets r marching...ugh , were marching
Yo if is following I believe that u shld too!
Cookies...?: double choc, Chico chip, double chocolate sea salt, banana choco truffle, carry cake, potato chip, red velvet, peanut butter...
WHAT UP DOE?!
Marlins offer Albert Pujols a 9 year deal
The reasons why a bird was meant to fly.
Kanye liked Jennifer Hudson's rendition of "I Will Always Love You" but says Beyonce would've done it better.
Chi-chi-chia!
Serving in front of bluebird 6th and 7th on Walnut.
Chill pills need to unite!
“: Oh now that #Republicans know they have no Minority Women Gays Youth & Half of White votes The race is up 2 Independents
BROOKLYN'S HERE!
I love Hendrick's. I tried one called Right Gin from Sweden last night that was awesome too
you shaved your head, huh? (; you can't fool us biebs! xD
Trade proposal: Chris Johnson/Jay Cutler for Beanie Wells/Cam Newton. Stupid or smart?
You can get what you want if you help enough people get what they want. -Zig Ziglar
Check out Jatropha Oil at www.sgbiofuels.com - Usable fuel for planes, cars etc from a plant that grows easily all over the place!
yikes! That night you just mentioned will come back to punish you!!!
trying to figure this out
Indeed, Mr. Speaker. Where *are* the jobs?
made a "totally-unrelated-to-christmas" christmas mix CD...fun :) merry christmas!
Come on, post office. I know you have my movie. Email me already.
YOU FINALLY GOT YOUR EARS PIERCED!!
i guess its good i don't care what guys think....or else my feelings might be hurt right now. :|
Yeah- kind of a milquetoast endorsement. Moms.
Oversized sweatshirts are probably the best things ever. It's like a giant hug with sleeves
STOP TAKING PPL.THE THINGS YU HVE N LIFE FOR GRANTED
Anyone know how to find pdfs of the Story Time brochures does? I swear I've found them before...
would love to chat about the job. Follow me so I can DM.
We're doe-moo, as in a female deer and the vocal stylings of a cow.
they chose from James Beard finalists- we weren't eligible as we haven't been open long enough. Not that it matters;)
All in top 20 on Atlanta hip hop charts Cash Clown Planet Moolah Album Coming Soon
so tomorrow? Lmao
I've run outta energy... Good night my awesome earthlings!
why hello der
Good morning and Happy Friday! We're pumped to play some more music for you tonight!
Interesting o.o...lol!
RT ": #YourBiggestProblem you need to realize what you have now, before its gone."
Up to early and not feeling to good.
it won't let me see it! :(
TJ looked right at ref smacked hands together and said something. He prob deserved it.
Use LinkedIn Groups to find partnerships, project help, other people you wouldn't normally think of to work with!
Watch 's interview with in a few minutes on coming up.
keep grinding I heard the songs you wrote too good work
right! agreed
HE gave me an amazing bday Jay...feel so blessed..had fun with friends as well..it was great!! :-) ur so funny...lol
He told me to "be patient." WTF! I got bills and kids to feed! I've been patient now I need a JOB!
there are all these pregnancy rumors and engagement rumors can you clear them up please
Thxs! RT : There is a line out the door at Twin Anchors and people talk about fall-off-the-bone tender. Sad, but true.
Oh my god, I AM "plucky and dishevelled," aren't I?
Omg My Mom Drives So Slow -.-
hate to disagree, but there are plenty of women who are exactly that stupid. I grew up in the south & live in the Midwest
Aw thanks grrl, you are the sweetest eva. Lucky to have such an awesome editor/reporter
Out of context, feels a little like culture snobbery, instead of a lower class we have lower cultures? Interesting can o'worms.
.Drum & Bass in yo Face muthafukkkkkka!!!
S/O to Chauncy Billups the hometown hero on The Toyota halftime show
what you guys did there was simply amazing! Congrats to you all!
So much fun in L.A. We don't want to leave!!!
Hope to see you girls this Sunday at Ripple! Bring new Winos if ya can.
NEVER enough time. I swear, if fangirling was a job, Directioners would be billionaires!
Do you like me? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
Shekinah Glory "I Will Obey," Kari Jobe "The More I Seek You," William McDowell "Closer," & Hillsong "Jesus"...............
We will be turning in 2500 voter registration forms for the primaries. Everyone, make sure to vote on March 20th!
Administering massage & verbal abuse are my 2 greatest skills. I'll rub your back and call you "bitch," bitch. Miss you, too!
Doing exciting new unit for 10th grade: students choosing books with stories not often heard in American lit classes
A man on a standing room-only bus just offered a pregnant woman his seat. Always nice to see such kindness on
So great to be w/great men of God at SBTC evangelism conf! Great job !
hanging out wit nicole
thanks Terry
You can watch the game, you can play the game, or you can change the way the game is played...be a Gamechanger!
yeah man! it's definitely really really hard.Hopefully our new album will break some barriers and change some lives.
Nvm... I think you deleted the tweet... Haha xD
EXCEPT that it wasn't even open early enough for those affected by it :p hahaha boo
Thanks for your eloquent support.
Pretty girls shouldn't waste time on careless boys.
no, fuck that! I'm staying home & watching movies all day >_>
I agree. Fage is The Awesome.
we back on the 15th
it's kind of my obsession.
I'm simply twitterpated today . . .that's all!
Just implemented the <marquee> tag in an HTML5 site. ...no, really!
I'm gonna live my life No matter what, we party tonight I'm gonna li-li-live my life I know that we gon' be alright
Thanks to all who joined us for our webinar today! And if you missed it, an archived version will be available online later this week!
how is it that I have jeans that fit perfectly but as petites are too short.. I buy same brand, same size in avg. and they are too small?
I was pretty sure she was. Now it is confirmed xD
#ff because he's lovely ♥
Thanks for the #FF mention! Have a wonderful weekend!
Don't make any plans for June 10th until I say so.
#BackInElementarySchool i had buck teeth now that ive grown my teeth r PERFECT while u got all that metal in your mouth. who's laughing now!
Everyone follow I guarantee she'll follow everyone who follows her.
Ahahaa oh she is TOO good!!! Earrings off - bleeped out every other word AND Why y'all gotta stop me all the *#@#ing time!?
We need more buses at rush hour in Oakland.
KILLED IT!!
called me and screamed in the phone after she watched the mail vlog today. Haha too funny
Attending a recruiting event with a client today. Speaking to a group of college students today about careers in SAP Consulting.
it better be there or Im coming to get you! :*
Can we all just stop for a moment and talk about how awesome is? // Lis Pardi is awesome.
Lots of great live demos on VMware View 5: Technical Deep Dive Breakout #vForum w/Todd Dayton, Desktop Specialist
Life's good, if I do say so myself (:
come up here please and come see me
Thanks so much for the #followfriday love! I hope you have a fantastic Friday and an even better weekend! :)
I became a fanatic about healthy food in 1944
Most talented singer hiphop singer? Most talented rapper? most talented country singer?
Don't worii, it's okay :) RT sorii that was just #random lol
Bitches b claiming 2 have some cold ass agendas when they ain't around u but when shits supposed 2 pop off she at the house smokin Dro smph
Avs have traded Winnick & Galiardi to San Jose for F Jamie McGinn & two prospects....
Home to the
Prepping for the first ever #SSSMTweetup! Booze? Check. Boats? Check.
**sings** What is love? Baby dont hurt me...." Ok how many of you started shaking ur head to the side? Liars.
#Nw remember the titans
broke my computer. . again
joe rocks. How were the kids on the ride? Hopefully u and joe can come out for roxann & my Christmas party Saturday night
Can someone introduce me to a #graphic designer
...DC missed us! Feels good to be home!!! Where u qt
Thank you. That's still closer than the one I know in Slidell. :-)
You can call an apple tree an orange tree all you want. But at the end of the day, a tree is known by it's fruit.
focusing on the job market this week - preparing 20ish applications hoping to send out 50+
Agree. Every Wozniak needs a Jobs.
I wanna touch ya body😏😏😍
I'm scared to go home tonight. I think is the ice truck killer.
yes I can. How do you think I got this belly?
Im bored. I hope I don't fall asleep in class tomorrow.
Custom DNS service of supports update packets, but only for A records. Their docs don't make this clear. What's up with that?
Fact learned on this morning: #Pittsburgh has the highest elevation of any city east of the Mississippi
never been so excited to read a book in all my life, "Sh*t My Dad Says" and "I Suck At Girls" by Justin Halpern
Oh my gosh, my dad is so drunk right now -.-
by "sax" I assume you mean "cock"
What's good twit fam, being getting some other things in line for vol.2, time to gone wrap it up, Haan
that was easy: apt-get install s3cmd. Who knew it was in a the standard repositories for Debian/Ubuntu?
Finally done with wack ass Manzano.!
been a heat fan since harold miner glenn rice tim hardaway n mourning... Fuck off. Lakers, packers.. #bandwagon?
Those lakes better be filling fast with all this heavy rain...no one messes with my sleep without a damn good excuse!!
which comes 1st? Shanahan makes decision or crosby gets his 1st pubic hair
I'm in section 19, at the top corner of the stairwell
hey are you covering LAAPFF?
hey man, Thanks for the follow, i'd love to hear your songwriting catalog...
: Thanks for following Rod! Back atcha!
Can the #49ers win the division or will they falter down the stretch?
I believe what you say only when you prove that you mean it
a jadne li smo... I'll be cooped up in my room memorizing artworks.
Good. Now Nana will stay with us all year round, holidays and all. :P
...you sound great: warm, understanding, etc. You follow her leads well: food, legal sec, etc., but she wasn't letting you in.
"They say we learn from mistakes, well that's why they mistake me." ;)
Regional Director Conference call = on!
Can't sleep right now because of how exciting it is to see and Jack White tomorrow. here we come
not bad. I think I'm inspired to try it.
Don't you hate when someone hacks your twitter and makes you look dumb? -_-
Happy World Theatre Day!!!
hi.lol I wore my bvb shirt today and sum girl gave me a dirty look
I think if I'm Cundiff I'm hitch hiking home!
thanks for the RT!
Story of my life ": My bedhead this morning looks better than my normal hair style. #firstworldpain"
I'm gonna feel that in the morning
Almost back to the windmills!
RT : "We wish we could play this week," Pickett says. Guys excited, watching film. Want to bring Lombardi Trophy back to GB.
Thinkin about makin the trek to Kansas in February to see and possibly to both Kansas shows!
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste. ~ David Bissonnette
"Blame It On The Boogie"
Guns, razors, knifes!! RT : FUCK WITH ME!
thanks for the mention.
Haven't been able to sleep since 4... Suppose i should try again now tho.
i gave up food 'cause that shit's expensive
AWESOME Saturday night Stacked Pickle! A million thanks to the dancers! We had a blast! Who's wanting another round of GEMINI at the Pickle?
What issue or topic do you think will be the most important for the candidates to focus on in the 2012 Presidential race?
Cheers to H2 friend & colleague on his 2nd gig! This FN junkie is stoked!
I miss u
Am i really about to study tonight? Oh the things i do for my education
Tom Beaver
May the good Saints protect you and sorrow neglect you. And wicked bad luck to the ones that disrespect you!
I bet half the people on Hoarders met their significant others in chat rooms…or through their World of Warcraft guild.
Jesus paid it all, all to Him I owe.
What are your thoughts on the best place for a church plant to host sermons? (in addition to iTunes)
loved your photos on playbill! I wanted to check out the Hoboken art fair but was at crumbs all day /:
And so its begun :-) RT Look at me! -- Angelina Jolie's Leg ()
Wasn't it to get to 100K got 3 months left 😉
if Kat's not busy I hope she can come. .___.
that for following me
Gorgeous, gorgeous day! Love walking to work on days like this
Live without pretending. Love without depending. Listen without defending. Speak without offending.
All I owe the world is my art.
Thanks for the follow! We LOVE Belvedere!
Carroll. 6. Acceptance would repudiate some key philosophy
- I heard its a lot of ppl from west Mifflin n steel valley there and I applied at the fish market tryna get a job
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. Wayne Dyer
Since I'll be in meetings all afternoon and unable to listen to baseball, I will put this up early: Go Nats!
I swear I've met #oomf in another life.
it appears I missed this somehow- shirt looks amazing!!
Stay Close my number on fav song right now. Stay awesome (: XOXO
The very first Opera on Tap at Benders in Denver
Damn it. RT RT : #Yankees announce David Robertson to DL with strained left oblique.
Beastie Boys are a part if all of us!! MCA RIP
At Andrew Hull has been the best so far :) really enjoyed his presentation!
15 years and you are just figuring this out...unreal... Did I hit the nail on what you made
that's awesome! I'm great! Back in Columbus. How are you???
Masters is the only golf I ever watch
Can't wait to see what the sing-along will be!
haha me too:)
#ASACollege ends in 2 wks. Despite some students who cheated, never paid attention, or misbehaved, I had 5 wonderful sections of
There is the LJ Placement and Salaries Survey but I think their data is a year behind the current graduating class.
mothers day Sunday funday anyone?
ADR's 4 JV PLC Victoria Island Nigeria Nira has support downloads ur SEC forms majority fine Agriculture Oil & Gas
collection developing social work books at
Why are you up so late.. lol
And if authors will give away 6 book box sets on Kindle, why can't we arrange a similar program for public libraries?
Show: 2011-09-29 - Say What You Will's First Show @ Brewster Pub and Pit
GET BURNED!!!!!! Jordan just shitted on em!
Moment of truth... Do we think Hunger Games is in Film Symposium tonight? No e-mail about security leads me to lean towards no...
What's your favorite music to run/workout to? Does certain music push you harder?
Good news Lions fans, Matt Flynn will be available at the end of the season.
Happy Easter!
I just realized how big of a decision I'm gonna have to make pretty soon. And it's going to be so hard. 😣
that light snow just turned into hail.
We have just lauched our new hotsite www.florensegreen.com
Welcome to Pennsylvania!
my grandmother spoil me just like tiny mom spoil king lol
don't get up this twit twit talkin smack lol I am one of ur faithful followers !!
It rained? Wtffff.
cool thank you!
Follow for the rise to the top.
at least it's relatively safe at work.
I love you cuzzooo
Go online to register and secure a seat. Or call: 212.594.9616
bird is what it is but Terps playing a heck of a gam and you are posting no love
Fudge im losing followers :/ What a sad dayy
For the NBA Jamz game call Courtesy Coin in NW PHX. They rent games, but prob know where to buy. 623-516-0544
Cadillac, Mini and Ford are accentuating the stick shift in ads in response to consumer interest in cars that drive more like sports cars.
Sometimes all you can say is: 'Who Cares!!!!!'
Come out to tonight for night 2! Vote for your favorite singer and earn driving credit!
Lye: Cal constitution is better than federal on battling private censorship.
s/o to all my new follower thanks to the
Family is where the heart is.
Ima d boy you just a decoy whoop whoop !
check it out ;) ~ xo
not even 5 min after I picked up my car... So mad. Also, while we're here, thanks again for the coffee because it's been ruling
Your House Sits a Long Time on the Market This is every homeowner’s’ biggest fear. Your house will sit too long on the market. It sounds
well if ur ever in #Denver id love to take u out an show u a good time
Beauty Tip: Put a little bit of shimmer on your legs & collar bones when dressing up.
That walk was good, and to those of you who asked it was very very nice, the trees and sun and water were all so relaxing =)
loved Vegas Vacation! That one, the original and Christmas Vacation were the best. European Vacation was funny but the weakest
Sorry, I was/am up in Appleton for my sister's birthday. I didn't see this until now. We should hang soon, though.
Also Rocky loves emily and phone calls from home with be playing the canvas clash show on saturday!! so get as many people you can to go!
no he didn't. And it's okay
RT ": Cee Lo green can't be serious" he is wearing a glittery dress...
yeah ill def be at Wouldn't miss it!
Domino's doing me a solid, so be cool. He, Mon & Al r all my familia...learn 2 love, like the fake laughs
thank YOU. it was a really great segment. please, you have an open invite on the show if you're ever in town.
Hi HI!! How's it goin Cam!!?? I hope good.
We're looking for an experienced blogger to be our correspondent in NYC to cover hot events and blog for us. Interested? Follow and Ping us!
same schedule for me but imma nap instead of Thornton
Whats the details? (:
How many pets do you have Deidra lol??
Lebron getting killed on Twitter trends right now LOL
oh definitely the 20/20/20 - get a little bit of everything!
Happy Valentine's Day to my hubby ! And hope everyone else has a great day
Just bought a hunger games poster for my new room :3
Loved the 3 ?'s post. Can see I need to talk to my new character!
Idea: Maybe you could have a separate account for bus alerts? There's a lot, and so far none have pertained to lines I ever ride.
The vertical lines on the #Heat's unis really accentuate the length of Bosh's neck.
If you don't sense the love within, you can never sense it in another. Your feelings come from inside of you!
I drink two kinds of beer...free and anything from Wisconsin!
a non-profit handed out comps to inner-city stu if they +fam went thru training, why isnt tech a community activity?
I know MWSU`s win was huge
We are currently having issues with 500 internal server error. Sorry for the inconvenience
Exciting and entertaining bowl game! Go NIU! Get that ref's mic fixed!
Q9 Once I start getting a #cashflow, how can I continue to grow?
My lucky friend gets to see you and I get stuck at home!!:(
they have women's too.
Thanks Tyler! I've been looking forward to seeing them for a while now, should be a great show!
Katahdin, in Maine? Enjoy your walk! Oh the memories! (AT 2004...)
and tht y ur my idol and my role model
Hm thinking of changing the layout on the site....... feeling artistic ....
Thank you for adding links to my tweets!
When you're super stoked to play tennis, but all the courts are full.
Will is making us listen to megadeath. Double door in chicago tonight! Totes excited
#OscarTweet Show is really well produced this year.
...version of Now's the Time & Bob Dorough did Yardbird Suite. They should both be easy to find.
Good Morning! Getting coffee now.....
#dh11 All collaborations need a reason for collaboration; don't collaborate for collaboration's sake.
I want hot tea with lemon! Wohoo! Boo!
Not if you get acquired! RT : You Must Have Customers Or Your Business Will Die.
THIS BITCH IS GOING TO WIN A FIAT 500!! I WANT THAT!!! GIVE ME THAT!!
man forget goin to meetings i just want to watch #ESPN all day
If it will make you feel better, then you do what you have to do.
Someone just told me "I've got it made in the shade"
I've the best reward system ever: If I get in A in the 1 college class I'm taking- I'm buying myself a flashing toothbrush.
I'm in end of year ebook purchases #cataloging hell. I have staff on vacation. And I've got CONSER OpCo later this week. NOT ENOUGH HOURS.
oh well lol
when is the big race?
hooray!!! back to running?
RT not a nice feeling when people hate you for no reason
Have a great vacation :-)
lets do it!
RT Can't wait to find my soulmate <3
#SmackDown wow that was cool
IT'S FINALLY HERE! Dr. Joel Gendelman presenting Consulting Basics & more. Is consulting the life for you? June16, Denver www.ispi-frc.org
No problem. Thanks for saying hi! You use Facebook?
having to login in on office computer, internet been down all day!!! :(
head of digital projects and metadata at the Beinecke. SO thrilled!!
Doing our big interview of Oscar right now. Sure to be the soul of the film!
Follow the young g !
really? april?
no lolol I'm mad at myself for not getting myself a dang ticket LOL
Planning a fun week of accomplishing things, cooking things and more :)
I have not. I will have to add them to my list!
#shutup bitches say u got
I'm dj'ing tonight at 9pm eastern time on with the legendary , rockin' with the OG's tonight
Nice looking loaf!
Meet me under the Kaufmann's clock.
Wow! Some people never learn.
LASIK pre-op appointment. In less than a week my glasses will go bye-bye.
hahah, stop complaining (;
I Wanna Go Home And Sleep D:
Plume isnt really working for me, idk
Getting ready to go to SixFlags wbu?
Plans for New Years Eve? Stop by Applebee’s for great late night specials running long after ball drops!
have sexy times with jojo
I seriously wish i had someone to talk to, that understood me, and texted back immediately.
Charlie Sheen is quality entertainment. Not his work...but HIM!
two birds, one stone.
congrats on being done with exams!
Haha! Oh, I'm sure that could be arranged...
#thatawkwardmoment when you catch someone taking a picture of themself at the gym and then he catches you tweeting about it
But hey - different strokes for different folks
Chamber's Gary Tobin: "Thank you for open door to business."
When someone tries to outsmart me and they fail =] .. pure enjoyment on my part, hehe
Happy Ray Allen's back, hope T-Macs ok though. These injuries need to end!
hay quae where u at
I should be focusing on Fall 12 manuscripts, but I got sucked in to and was forced to check out 2 books.
I don't know. Its been quite a while since I've stepped. :) though if it's in my neck of the woods... Who knows - maybe! :)
studio session @ 3 1st of the new year.
nope, low carb here. More cupcakes for you!!
I would say so. Is it possible to be totally impartial?
In the end, will you sink? will you float?
Individually, we are one drop. Together we are an ocean.
We are dealing with the best-educated generation in history. But they've got a brain dressed up with nowhere to go.
is moving her grandma's furniture into her new apartment.
SHOTS FIRED!!!
As sad as I am that #OV103 is retired, I'm grateful the next generation can be inspired by her legacy
#ff everyone in my followers list, go!
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
What the fuck is the Lakers problem,their defense is so messed up. They are guarding Jason Kidd and leaving the 3 point studs open.
Alert! Alert! Thursday Drunks are downstairs at Fanny Ann's! Well, until the karaoke starts at 9pm. *hiss*
all my step sisters and my step mother and my teacher thats pretty much it lol.. I just officially joined today
Study: Filling out your bracket after the tournament is over greatly increases your chances of winning.
I wanna perform. You can check me out if you'd like to.
Jury duty today
when you always seem to lose your underwear
How are you?
. You know, I debated complaining about this on Twitter due to probability of finger-wagging. Wasn't my fault, I'm just the inheritor
I WANNA MAKE HISTORY TOMORROW NIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!
shhh don't say that she's still a baby
Hahaha. We don't do anything in physical wellness 😊
Nope! Keeping my V-card. Hahahaha
I'm so bored at work
What we really need to fix in this economy is jobs for teens. Bachmann for President!
Novak damn smh dat suppose to been n but melo save him tho wat a team mate
Yay its friday! And im up in the gym working out to
Pretty sure I just got completely ignored..but it's cool.
Congrats for raising $4.5 Million In funding!
One more to go
WOW!Massive 0,0 man everyone think im buff at school benching 150 normal days and 185max 0,0 when they look at u they will faint
The Man Who Was Thursday by G.K. Chesterton
yet another song for all the ladies!!!!!
THIS IS GOING TO BE MY STATUS RIGHT NOW Lol
Thanks for writing it! It's fascinating that some peoples success almost solemnly depend on them being unnoticed.
Being a good listener means you are a good friend.
Let there be more joy and laughter in our living.
what next for you? You'll be missed!
wheres my mom O.o
Don't get caught in the rain hailing a cab in Boston today! Use coupon code TWITTER2010 for 50% off your first ride!
Photos from Earth Day are coming soon - blame NICOLE for the delay!!
When people put dots after everything they type, I feel awkward..
Wow we just had a great meeting with Taa from Business is good, we refuse to stop reaching. Thanks for your time Taa.
Just bought my ticket for the midnight screening of the avengers on the 3rd.
They say this cat Shaft was a bad mother - CSI: Isaac Hayes
Down Square until 1:30 pm. Come on down!
That's where $ and politics are a factor. I don't want to pay to have my brand associated w/ a stiff.
“: awweeeeeeewwwee” worst table in room and familiar faces
RT : "Mr. Cain, without repeating yourself, how many Supreme Court Justices are there?"
#ParticipatoryBudgeting going in #NYC!! Do it in your community!
Tweet me #AustinMahoneDeservesARecordDeal !! I'll rt, it'll make it trends faster!
I know! Surprising isn't it... it's still #1 in our books :)
When we win big we celebrate big. Car flipping may seem extreme to some people, but those people's team probably lost second round =]
Everybody go follow she follows back:)
ugh yeah very up and down but nice to see Ovi score that final Power Play goal since he struggled in game 1 (ONE shot on goal!!)
i miss ya already </3
not surprised--he's always ahead of the game. Every game. #wwJJMd = amazing
great to meet you yesterday at Showbiz Expo. Thanks for the great tips!!
Z sleeping...now on to some laundry, dinner, dishes, emails, reading....
Thank you for sharing! Love hot-air balloons! :)
Thanks for including me in your daily. Following you back now.
RT Proud to stand with our President in support of marriage equality. Thank you,
link to replay?
Can't wait 4 my B-Day
Makes me laugh every time! RT "Angela Lansbury's man's berries"
Thanks to all who attended #thatcamptx and made it such a success! Our leftover food went to Mission Arlington, so yay! Safe travels home :)
Congratulations #TexasTech debaters!
I used to be pretty.
The Victorian era is the sexiest age for me, but I also like a woman in a pair of Jeans. ~Dylan McDermott
Wake Up Bake Up gotta get my cake up
hell yea I'm rooting for a Ravens-49ers Super Bowl
Now am tryna figure which truck in my apartments parking lot has more gas in it.. Ford? .. Chevy?
Getting ready for a trip to Chicago tomorrow. Looking forward to admiring their wonderful architecture and urban fabric!
First lobby day at State Capitol a great success, followed by well attended reception. We appreciated the invite to participate!
"Let her Rip"
I do! And I will go if they ever come back. :D
RT : "Good Stuff . . . . ” Hopefully today brings even better stuff! Cheers!
that's great, I'll be sure to read yours when you post - looking forward to it!
We also have an awesomely passionate team here at HubSpot
BUT THATS OKAY HE IS THE EPITOME OF PERFECT
Is MADDLY IN LOVE WITH YOU PLEASE TWEET HER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!;D <33333333333333333333333
If you count the granny I hit in summer 1993 I have one more than he does. But you probably won't.
Reputation is what the world thinks a man is; character is what he really is. -Anonymous
the really snazzy chocolatiers wanted to charge $25 for shipping. Forget it. Etsy is fantastic.
Polarizing. Concussion talk is here to stay. There are more than 12,000 former NFLers, less than 15% are plaintiffs. More stories coming.
RIP Gma B. You were the strongest person I had the privilege of knowing. I'm the person I am today because you, I <3 you and will miss you.
I just want you to talk to me.
I am such an idiot sometimes
what's good in da studio?
nah not real. Yet
Oh.my.goodness.The Great Gatsby - w/ and - this world is finally starting to make sense...can't wait!
WE ARE THE NEW BREED!!!!!
Doing the TM on saturday too. What's ur run time starts? 09:30 here..
Thank you for the follows , #HappyWednesday!
Thanks for the opportunity to speak at #VA1 -- I really enjoyed it!
RT IsntShay_Lovely If the money get Low ima Grind Some more!!!
Does anyone actually know what National Lampoon is?
,ok,see you then.
Q : Are you dating someone ? A : No I'm single.. For now..
You got lucky..lol..
Alien Nation with James Caan was the #1 this day in 1988.
With the exception of the Blaine's brother-centric episode, I think it's been pretty good.
when you were my friend .. :(
aww you look so cute!
Saturday FEB. 18th LIVE at Club Dajtumir 356 Chestnut Hill Ave Brighton, Ma Hosted by of
It was great meeting u after Cheryl's workshop last wknd. Enjoy the warmth of Mexico while you still can!
LOL. Yeah some of the scenes I'm like um... didn't happen but as TV show, it fits. Plus I love GoT so I'm more lenient haha.
once or the cover of crown of thorns. i can't decide.
Sub again. Ah
Hey coach Purdue hit and obvious HR by getting Painter and a Grand slam by keeping him Strong & honest perspective always
Go Scorpions!!!! I am watching online now.
Nice. Great post and great comments.
I DONT EVEN CARE IF IT RAINS! YOLO. hahahaha
Pretty stoked to see STOKE :) here in Kansas City, August 1st. Brit boys running wild! Hide your wife! Hide your keeddzzz! Haha :)
EP is basically done now. We just have to get our guest vocalist to come in and record then we can start getting these CD's made.
tuesday meeting! tonight, fourth floor, 8pm!
Wow... Romney demeaning Santorum! "Nice try... Let's look at the facts."
I find u!!! Hehe! Lol how ya been stranger!?
I'm making a film about bullying, inspired by your video. Send me yr email so I can send you the script x
Apparently knowing how to use Excel (sorta kinda) makes me a computer expert. Scary.
Am I an old man?
KMSL yea I hear mike show me wat he be doing dats crazy
Erin & Christina, PLEASE contact me ASAP. We have many Financial backers, Adam would have wanted you 2 involved. If only 2 others wouldn't b
Finished video interviews with all of the SYTYCD judges panel. Got all but Tyce. I'll post them next week. Back to solos.
I wonder how often a business cleans their data.
name a dh tool you would LOVE to use in your research or classes but you find inaccessible (for whatever reason).
I jumped on the Netflix train, any recommendations?
be careful out there lil sis
Woah! Audrey from Mocket sighting at the Octant show.
I'll look forward to listening to you on with . I also look forward to some hot pics.
i'd love to
aw hi Tommie! So sweet :) Happy Thursday!
Can't wait to hear the string quartet on the bridge of my song, "Plans". Should be ready in late June/early July.
Sounds fun!
"It's not gonna work unless we dig deep."Kayla Kelly, American sandcastle builder re: your career aspirations, are you digging deep enough?
Heard about on the news yesterday. How fascinating!
When Zimmerman get off, what yall gonna do?
i love ice creame boys
Order a “Cool Bird” sandwich or Salad & get a FREE medium soft drink by mentioning Twitter!
if u really respected yourself then you would naturally respect others,life would be so much easier that way!
Heya, I'm finally following up from #THATCampAHA a million yrs ago. Howdy!
Oh fuck off Monday you filthy whore
is this from Chile?
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove
#thewantedonthevoice this might be the worst song I have ever heard...
Shooting a poetry in motion video for "Chained expression." It's gonna be Hot! Stay tuned!
thank you !
You only get so much time to live, so enjoy every moment (a2ib4ue) Let's get it :-)
just saw the advengers with my boy. <3
Mischiefmaker and In Case Of Attack are up and ready. Bring on the consumers!
Watching "War Games" Blast from the past (1983). TRS-80 used an 8" floppy. Just about the size of an iPad.
Niggas know I'm sick.. I don't spit I vomit, got it
#7daysofsex ? Yes, please.
and yet somehow that abortion #Glee hasn't been yet! WTF!
Sure feels like it!
How come every time I get done watching porn.. I always feel so dirty lol :-)
Pat your weave girl
Boo Yeah!
is hosting their annual drawing show tonight and we will be attending in full swing. Go see what they've got!
you promised.
One benefit to being up at 6am is that I get to experience the most amazing, refreshing weather.
GOODNIGHT TWITTER!!!!
Indiana's 11th District American Legion: home to Speedway Post 500 next door to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Watching Ella Enchanted with my mini. Love this movie!
⁰RT/ i listed to some of your music and i love it
(Anonymous) Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
Finally found air heads!
we can do it
most gay guys date evil wicked women so it appears as if she emasculates him.
Checking out the Mileaukee #BizExpo this morning!
I was just reading that article! Seems like a great idea.
lol shit I know i'm guilty *shrug*
Celebrating Friday the 13th by watching the NHL playoffs with Jason Voorhees. He swears every goalie is his cousin. I call BS.
LETS go get a gamer of football before the krew or whatever i have kyle ahckett here
I love eating in chick-fil-a
Fact: when I can't sleep at night I listen to the podcast Design Matters. Turns out I find Debbie Millman's voice soothing.
En route 2 to c some of my favorite peoples in GA Ave
'96 = tornadoes in the spring, leap year, and a ring for UK. '12 = tornadoes in the spring and leap year. Coincidence?
optimus grind! Nice!! Wanna go the Dolphin Game?? Hillis won't fumble, I promise,
Up early getting my daily dose
is excited about attending Experis Client Open House on Wednesday June 29th at 4 PM
The conference call - oh God, there has got to be a better way to communicate in 2012.
Making an audacious, hopeful wish on this #SuperMoon ...
so you think you can tell heaven from hell?
THANK YOU for introducing for the 2012! Incredibly: this year´s program just got even better! :)
Thank you!!
Haha, where is this coming from?
We're back! Look for Honcidie stickers this weekend!
Eh. I deleted that tweet...
Nice! I also miss Godzilla....
So close to get the really good scores! swing is solid, need to make some more putts and less 3 putts!
Nothing phony, don't hate on me watchu get is what u see
Cleveland needs the Barons back, screw the Blue Jackets. Cleveland Hockey!
Just ordered Grace's birthday outfit!! I can't believe she'll be 1 in under 2 months....
How many entrants expected for the poker tournament?
I got a cheesesteak spot for you
Nate's gonna have a Baby Sister...yay!! Congrats Mahons we can't wait for London to get here :)
I see! Lawl. And ah-greed! I luh-v <3
Follow me for free!!!!!!
Exactly. I always knew Red Sox fans were douche bags. RT“: just a bunch of swagger jackers”
Try eating at #thebigtexan in amarillo when you dont eat meat.. salad was awesome tho!!
Driver coming upn ESPN
Phew! Power tweeting 101 - get all of yr tweets out in 20 mins or less... ...Thank U all 4 being such gr8 twttr friends! now back 2 work :)
Baron Davis kicks fresh doe
Utterly telling that the main industry pushing for the Pirate Bay ban in the UK is the British Phonographic Industry.
You are seriously the biggest dbag ever lol glad I kicked your sorry ass to the curb
Congrats for getting $$ to produce #TapCaps. Loved having the project on VitaminW's crowdfunding column.
it's looking like the new steelers 3rd jersey will be the 1933 jersey. They wore this jersey in for a game in 1994 for the NFL 75th
Chat with us live today until 4pm ET if you have any questions while shopping.
That is so frustrating! Why does Vanisha always have the same ideas as me!? It looks like I'm copying her>:l
soup and pudding? somebody forgot to take their plan b pill!
Even though I haven't seen the movie, I can see The Avengers taking the crown for best "popcorn" movie.
Why is it so fucking hot ?
Compassion and humility - these are two qualities that should never be weary woman.
wrong city guys! London, not San Francisco! ;-)
I wish BELIEVE would just come out tomorrow...
please follow us? We love you! :) 
On set for short film!
It is satisfying, I have to say. I know all the things!
Hey, you know I saved those papers for you? Lol
Happy birthday to Glazer Children's Museum, Children's Museums of New Hampshire, and Children's Museum at Holyoke!
C': lol. it's cool. i tried to play it off but it was too late. haha
#CAFcruise getting ready to cruise! We will follow bridges opening.
They just struck up the Redneck Locator Song at the MN State Fair rodeo, where the bulls are throwing cowboys with
The three great fundamentals to accomplish anything worth while are, 1st, hard work; 2nd, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
Rest in sweet peace Vidal Sassoon. You will Forever be missed.
I hope we have a Cardneasada!!!!<3
Thanks for the hospitality ... our guests will come see you next week while they are visiting Charlotte
Okay good! lol, and its starts at 7
Will you be performing in the Midwest any time soon? Would like to go check you all out.
It's bad when commercials are more original than movies we have these days.
Thanks for listing us!
well debra sucked i wouldn't even compare her close to how really great k2 is kelly kelly is definatly in my top 3
Here at #ERANYC is starting to go viral using the power of referrals in a $53B market
"Get out of your way. You can spend your life tripping over yourself & tripping yourself up. Get out of your own way." ~ Suzan-Lori Park
Best line all day "I just shit myself! You got some tp miss"
You are so confusing...
just made two posters for check me out. download. give em away. SPREAD THE WORD. you ready for your opener tomorrow?
Wth...I kinda like candy mafia
“: Momma you deserve the world for bringing me in it!!!”. And for that I thank her!
long time no see! how are things London way? was in your old stomping grounds at TRiP last night. tell Giles I said hello.
You went down nigga! RT : your going down nigga!
looks a little like a tick to me
RT : The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. - Leo Tolstoy
Woj: LeBron is the best player in these Eastern Conference playoffs, but Rondo controls a basketball game like no one but else but James.
Thanks for following kula, the world's first social marketplace!
Edupunks are learning on their own and then just want to sit for the test or certifications.
Brenna is making up random songs on a voice changer thingy &is laughing at them.... Shes such a dork (:
Keep digging! I have a Whole Foods a mile away from me. You just got a new loyal customer!
Just one time they truly delighted me, but it took a carefully-crafted letter. As to the rest, we are cattle.
that makes me sad :( i miss you! 💜
Is the solution to U.S. educ issues? Probably. RT Failing out of school unless tweets at me
I really love reading but I swear if I see one more it's/its error I am going to scream. Seriously.
Where to this week? to name a few. Go #studyabroad!
Vickie, why are you such a hypocrite, not so funny being on the other side of the deadbeat dad situation is it?
you spelled poon wrong
I don't think anybody here is advocating making theater more passive. If anything, more interactive and social.
Haha, step two: Join FBI / Go on Speaking Tour / Write Book / Movie Deal. That would make a good session...
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone! We are thankful for our new fans...
Homebuilder sentiment index jumps 2 points in July as builders benefit from low rates
Kirkland looks terrible against the counter-punching Molina.
#gettingoldsucks stick with beer away from liquor too much sugar
LOTS of chocolate at the Meadowlands Expo Center Sunday! www.chocolateworldexpo.com
“: Next week is My last week of school and feels like its taking forever.” congratulations ;)
She said she love me but she knw I'm social
okay my pet peeves - women who pee on the toilet seat, men who cut women off when they are speaking and chewing gum - yuck!
I'm very nervous..like I'm excited but I just enter wnna get homesick
yes! Love what you guys are doing and can't wait to figure out a way to work together in the future!
There were good discussions @ MEIEA. The young ppl R smokin w/ideas on developing the music biz. Gratifying 2 witness. Ck out www.MEIEA.Org/
Protect her like a daughter, love her like a wife, and respect her like your mother.
pretty sure you did buddy
we love you guys! you inspire us!
Have questions about waivers? Participate in our twitter chat tomorrow at 11:30 EST!
Another great day of working on my book at Paradise Bakery. The best place to get away and write.
Grounded, never thought I was gonna love it this much. Slept in till 3pm. HELL YEAH
well my friend called and im afraid im gonna get in trouble bc i said i was gonna kill myself and shes probs gonna tell
Rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic.
Thanks, Ezzy. I'm going to stick to sign language for the rest of the day.
Thank you very much!!!!!!!
Vlad and Morgana have been using my AP page, Teemo my AD page.
What happened to the 70 degree weather we had yesterday #Detroit? I need gloves and a winter coat IN the office today!
gorgeous lady!!!
I dont think she is here right now, or at least, i dont feel her here Another question, did she know a person named adam?
Taking #oomfs out this weekend ,
lol, I believe u..
Junior Seau's mom pleading for God to take her not Junior...my heart is breaking for her right now </3
To be real, it doesn't matter anyways..
Sorry to hear this, Best of luck in your future endeavors and we are looking forward to seeing you in a new project soon!
Congrats to our partners for adding a new sponsor to their roster: International Autos! Exciting news.
!! I've been outside !!
Yeah I'm using my account to test for work, but I think it's got great potential to promote our photos and our Tumblr.
its the shit aint it....shit u cruise around the city on a summer nite wit yo girl
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: have loss their main player Sam Bradford for most of the season
it saddens me that juan uribe isn't close to the worst offensive player on the team anymore
Duplicating/Printing DVDs today as well as editing video clips for YouTube. Mastering a single for Vamp Angel right now...
totally agree, i've always felt that their differences made them great together
sounds good. Looking forward to it. Who knows :)
States and cities seeking to balance budgets by rethinking green initiatives are trying to turn the clock back.
Is Netflix down? And I don't mean the stock price.
Nnamdi texts Al Davis, stating: "Thanks for the great time in Oakland, but Green Bay is my home now."
I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides w/ their own desires-Susan B Anthony
I'm so happy for you! I hope you can marry! And forget those judging people. They judge from their own fear.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Vincent Pasqua ⁰Rising 8th ⁰Newton, PA ⁰Travel Team: Perkasie Knights ⁰Shooting Guard 5’0
RT : "Life has no limitations, except the ones you make." - Les Brown
yay! RT : Super excited about HTML5 hackathon this weekend. And seeing speak is geek bonus!
#OsOGang #BAMSQUAD.........The Movement is coming.....
you exist! as a person! this makes me happy.
thanks for spending Earth Day with us!
It is really my least favorite state. : I. Hate. Arkansas.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter It Was Something Fun, Not Everyone Has One.
Hold steadfast and faithful to your vision. That fork in the road will vanish and a single path will eventually appear. ~Me
Just read that is now a free agent. Congratulations bala, we'll miss you in
Welcome to the family !
thanks. Minus 10lbs since the first of #2012 .
On the couch cuddling with and making pot roast, mashed potatoes and homemade rolls! Yum yum :) love homemade meals with friends
Apollo is now a registered Service Dog. :-) He is legally allowed access to all public buildings.
and i are getting stuff done on this campus. what!
I've got a lot on my mind for the 140. Might go old school w a journal for this mess. Learning too late about people I made a life around.
Why not?
understandable. When working with larger more custom projects I usually think about custom a lot.
why not what??
Yes you should post new pictures (:
I honestly wish I could share it with the world. *latte
Need like 20 more followers
nothing much outside of what Ive reported thru Twitter!
DO YOUR THING JOSH TRUE TALENT
got me at a bad time, just about to log off, got to study
Social networking that cares? That's what we're all about! Jessica, we should be in touch!
I talk to everybody. That's just how I am. I don't talk to a select 'type' of people.
#mytestimony!RT : so glad I made it!!! :)
I'm disgusted by this delusional american military soldier worship. I Avoid All Sides.
Most of our #ForumEA attendees are on their way to Boston - looking forward to seeing everyone!
ahh Thanks bro!
They say sharks are more afraid of us than we are of them, which I find hard to believe. I don’t think they have nightmares about us..
Thanks for the follow. We really like your tweets! Happy to know you are out there for
my dad told me I was logged onto "tweeter" all night.
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
The Grannies are wishing everyone safe travels this holiday season whether it be by car, train, or plane!
he's a lab, he thought he was having a spa day
should of had her come with you!! Would of been awesome I'm sure!
Our twitter connect function is Greatness! Check it out!
Guy next 2 me is telling this obvious 1st date how well he knows geography & can draw each country/continent from memory. #she'snotimpressed
only a 30 min layover... Next time! “: come see us big boy!
so jealous of your life. I can't find my CDs 😥
all I get is a wave??? Wow lol
But they are convinced that having sex will get the a diamond on the left hand. Um, okaaaayyyy!
not sure how I feel about that. :-|
Just saw a really really super cute boy. We called him Swedish Boy.
In the Spring of 2012, you'll have the opportunity to invest in life change through the purchase of MOVEMENT121′s CAUSEGEAR® and CAUSEWEAR®.
My First my last my everything. God
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
There is only one pretty child in the world, and every mother has it ;)
jelly baby girl
My first class tonight , I can't wait!
Having lunch with my mommy
Roberts using *Julia and the Illuminated Baron* to revisit narratives of the American Gothic. Glad to see 2nd paper on Sally Wood.
2nd annual Swimming With Autism Conference starts Friday in San Diego!
Galen - and yet again they tweeted excessive zeal
I use a Star Trek phaser - set to stun. It's much less messy than the light saber....
SURE!! :) Any person u would want? :)
Does RG3 think that punting stats are going to put him over the top for the Heisman?
Don't even kno da situations but wanna start drama..
#Tips: Remove draperies, #pictures, mirrors, area rugs, hardware (if possible), and switch and receptacle cover plates before
Yoga this morning at the Squirrel Hill JCC!
you just woke up !
I have to figure out a Mother's Day present.
While the last 30 minutes end things on a sour note, #HungerGames is fantastic. The rare blockbuster that achieves poetry.
seems like all they do lately is talk. NO ACTION!!! What ever happened to actions speak louder than words. Still don't get it!!!
In all the hecticness, I forgot to mention I'm performing some improv this Sunday! Come by the UCB theater, Hollywood, 3/4, noon, $5. FUN!
hey I was stuffed into a can before I knew what was going on and didn't get to say goodbye...but I'm doing it now
skip the first two chapters. it's stuff you already know. and her stuff about Indians is just so lame, at least so far. bleh
On that note, any Denver chiro recommendations? Capitol Hill?
hi im kens cousin. i went to the game at pepperdine on 9th. u no where u dunked. im the loud one.lol
Who's the Bossk
#smwchic love where you are, life beats you down at every turn make your home your own identity
Happy Spring Break Everyone!
Ok I have to many pages, this one is tied to twitter and I'm trying to change it to my real FB page...
what is #teamfoe about? I love my Jayhawks and I am seeing a lot of them hash tag it? Thoughts!?! PS excited to see u in the NBA
Can I really post once and have it go to all SMM accounts? Way cool
glad testing is over can wait for the weekend!!
"If you give, you get. If you don't ask, you'll never get." Mike Ross --- Abraham
Sitting in a kid's play place waiting for my girl to wear herself out. My saving grace? "Good". This place is 10x better.
#TimeWarner 4 months in & these assholes still can't fix my Internet issue...lies, not showing up, not doing the work..pathetic
sounds like a new take on the "Barney" theme song. Memba Barney on PBS? The annoying kids' show???
Your chick she's so thirsty!
My 1000th tweet goes to myself. Birfday let's go
that's an old project new one is coming in June homie!
Its not that I can't its just that I wont bow down to bitches its not in me not to stand up for myself fuck it be about it
": I got Alabama! Who yall got?" What u said b!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I AM STRAIGHT!
So far Pip is my fave on #TheVoice tonight! Awesome singer. I like this show way better than Idol:)
I hope lil D is hungry.. I'm thinking Five Guys..
never ceases to amaze me. i don't think i've ever cried so much during an episode than this passed Thurdays!
Adults are always asking kids what they want to be when they grow up because they are looking for ideas. ~ Paula Poundstone
where did you hear that cody shaves? lol
Seriously, why is Spider-Man dodging the question? "He's got radioactive blood" is NOT an acceptable answer to the question "Is he strong?"
There's a good chance that we did, but I'll take a look when I get there later today.
Anyone get out on the #OakLeafTrail the last couple days? It's my favorite.
nice! I had some Chelsea Grin blarin' for bis and tris
Can you imagine being blind & deaf? Living in a world of darkness
we totally feel your pain.. our online summer classes are only 99 per month. let us know if we can help out!
At the highlight factory, Go HAWKS!!!
Get ready for Takashi Shimizu's newest #horror flick #7500!
Really??? I am shocked and disappointed! That's a dusty old chestnut when I and my geeky friends go there!
Sometimes i feel like i need to cry to just let everything go Im holding on inside
stay hungry, stay foolish
Almost ready for the Fall/Winter preview show! So many beautiful people here at !
So cute. Poor Peanut, at least he has you guys to take care of him.
We're caught in an inescapable network of mutuality tied in a single garment of destiny.
Lion is out! Are you brave enough get it now? or are you waiting?
Last day of the NCL Freestyle Dash Sale - don't miss out on reduced deposits & onboard credits! Hurry! Call our NCL experts 800-803-7245!
When is this warm up supposed to start again??
tha Giant won whoop whoop
Good riddance Due to a third horse's death attributed to filming, production for the HBO series LUCK has been shut down indefinitely.
is (pending a few formalities) officially back to being employed within the Cincinnati broadcasting industry. Hooray for the Vast Wasteland!
talked to student using Viewshare abt sharing & she's fine with it. Will send invite to site. Using pie charts, timeline, & sorter
No worries. I actually was going to ask you if it was legit and was going to research it some more. Someone hack your account?
Not running #Boston #Marathon, Eating pizza with my dog, & 2 time PGA Major Champion is following me on Twitter:) Priceless!!
RT : When all else fails, read the instructions.
Today, the Friar's Tale--it even has a picture! www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets
We understand yesterday was Fat Tuesday...but how does that differ from today (Fat Wednesday) or tomorrow (Fat Thursday).
I wish Verne and Raftery were working the Louisville Michigan State game. Need
what was it?! Im in minnesota so i cant see it!
damn right!
I'm good! :) Glad to see biz is going so well!
#LAStageTalks Frances I know what u mean. My pet peeve, bad intonation since my study is music.
Manhattan foot traffic is Frogger extreme. People, cars, bikes, and skateboards come at you from all sides. Maybe It's more like Asteroids.
No doubt there will be lots of tweets and squeeing
says social media has nothing to do w/ recruiting whatesoever - does Toledo Tommy agree?
...to expand learning and facilitate the creation of new knowledge. #ACRL Standards for Libraries in Higher Education, approved in Oct.
2 in stoppage time ... Insane way to go man city!
nice photos-did you know high def fullscreen hosting has a free trial?you can use RTV hardware/software-no switching cost
And finally, the Heat in six.
#WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan posts are yet another example of how misogyny is demeaning to men as well as women.
Also... I think this is the youngest PIO I've ever seen? But he's good.
