It really is. I'm just like wow, that's all that find me attractive. So depressing...
Now that I can agree with.
Why do people find the need to wear shorts when it's 50 special giant fat girls!
- Where are you going? I'm starting in USC's this fall!
Thanks to for their submissions today! Makes us incredibly happy. :)
"Everything I'm sayin I'm super saiyan like Goku" What a beast!
Thanks for the love and support :) We'll have a very new version of Words Well Chosen up on Youtube very soon!!
I am so frustrated
There sort of doing the whole hound thing like it's the Loch Ness monster. Okay. I'll bite. (I still hate this story though)
“: I hate when people are unprepared to win! Biggest night in Hollywood-if you're nominated, write an acceptance speech!”
Need to tweet more often. Reading new book and loving it.
worthy for sure!!
This is my point: megachurch pastors would rather tickle your ears with rock music and famous guest speakers than preach the truth. Payday!!
Tokyo, steak n shrimp
If Google can't find the answer, then it's not a question.
definitely my favorite line..but I'm a Whovian n00b.
but you laughing though? #MamaIsa lol
RT 20 more views until my next cover video!! #GoWatch --->ttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DyqRpnYsyg&feature=youtube_gdata_player
Good morning! Even though it's cloudy and gross it still feels like its going to be a beautiful day. :)
I love my 6 pack so much that I protect it with fat ;D
hacked and fixed... And people are saying bad things... Lol
My 5-year-old just informed me that when she grows up she's going to be "like a half-vegetarian" who eats no meat except for bacon.
Whose DropBox folder?
myTab founder is having a Cinco De Mayo party tonight. We've an Angry Bird pinata called Pedro. You like that name?
Cool Idea! Bucky grads in ag! : #SO to people reading my messages on the sidewalk about
All Seeing!!!
Alright so I havnt been paying attention to the Heat games and I don't understand why they are doing this foolishness -_-
ah yes. couldn't track that down on slow hotel wifi. I'm looking forward to reading the paper
This nigga tried to play me!
over 3 years now... i lived in ireland for 2 years before i moved here. you know i really like nm! were you born in abq?
It is a scientific impossibility to overstate the awesomeness of the #Avengers movie. ()
So thankful god placed me in the arms of the best eye institute.
Yes it does!
I really don't wanna talk about I'm sorry
Can anyone recommend a good guide to making jam?
are u doin it still
I have the best sistaa 😘“: Making home made cookies for my sissy! ”
lol I know you check mine!
There was like a week ago when I checked... Idk maybe she decided to show up.. Or shell be traveling across seas and taking s break
Where does the day go???
"Scratch a lie, find a thief..."
I'm loving the HP TouchSmart 9100's that we've got at work...need to get one once I can rationalize buying a fourth computer.
Can't Have Sex by Myself ... Nd I Dont Think He Wants To ... LOl
In my ♥, I know who won "Compassionberry" " ...I didn't have a chance 2 beat an ailing Bret Michaels! #littleturncoats LMAO
Wishing everyone a Happy Diwali!
haha I really need to get their music on my iPod. Soon.
Your knife; my back, my gun; your head.
Yeah but it's not the Rolento players fault that the other character is throwing fireballs from a distance lol.
just bought a new area rug that's really going to tie the room together. cc
RT : It's National Library Week – what are you reading? Here's some good stuff to hunt down at your local library:...
My hometown aint too bad huh? Keep an eye on ! RT : Little Rock! From the bottom of my liver...thanks for the party.
I don't even have anyone to pour out to right now.
Buckland loaded a boat with musicans to drive around the Arctic & tell what is happening in a new way. capefarewell.com
I sure wish the MSM...ABC & CBS would quit using Layvron's baby pictures on the news! THAT kid didn't beat up Zimmerman!
Aint Nothing But A G Thang Baby
Why do people just not get it? U explain things to them and how their actions affect people, and they dont get it/care.
Now my life is sweet like cinnamon! ...
Yep yep. When? Also, what are we doing for mother's day?
Happy Mother's Day Ladies, Enjoy.
haha oh be quiet :P
Looking forward to it! xo
He has been sick for a while.... Kidney failure!!!
happy mother's day! que pasa amiga
the south!
And Paul says we don't have enemies all around the world. Huh.
Or do you not think so far...ahead...
There's also World On A Wire on blu-ray here for $20. Oh wait - no there isn't. YOINK! 😃
sick!!!!! I've been missing partying with the puño.....
good stuff, post was geared towards new member referrals, some CU's & many banks are offer cash to join
Booking auditions is a game of inches, what are doing to get better, stand out and win?
GOOD CALL
Just recieved some advance copies of April - Phyllis Van Doren's Spring Interior Design Report looks great!
i am on my way to your house now
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 276
Everyone in Louisville support your local artists.Buy new album.Im gonna check it out,I heard its pretty tight!
S/O to people who haven't done any homework yet over break !
Sundays over already?
I saw that
The way to combat noxious ideas is with other ideas. The way to combat falsehoods is with truth. Douglas, William O.
Police told the new next door neighbors they can't work on cars on the street. So now, the neighbors are working on boats!
you're right. Looks like your run of the mill action film.
get some good wiper blades $40 and anti-freeze windshield washer fluid
If you got sumthin to say bout me let the shit be known....
Attenuation of age-related changes in mouse neuromuscular synapses by caloric restriction and exercise
Follow my personal account?
Its amazing how when you stand your ground you have to be playing games!
PC > Xbox & PS3
I really like your Angry Birds tweet. It got me lol.
Stocks go up, stocks go down, watching indexes that are painted can't help. Hedging will. Not a science, but an art I am here
The uofl vs Davidson game is being terribly officiated already!
Happy Friday! We have a delicious variety of Belgium Beers on draft and by the bottle!
you are a tweet machine on fire today!
the next time someone asks me why I'm abstaining from sex, I'm gonna ask them why they're having sex. SMH. LOL
THEY ALL KNOW! THEY ALL KNOW! ah foi mt foda.
I hate when I have those random deep thoughts like what do I wanna become when I'm older
Coffee is honestly the best part of my day.
I should join the Air National Guard?
thank you kindly sir! (resumes admiring all the North Korean-esque propaganda in Praetoria)
St. Patrick's Day trip to the WI Humane society.
Happy HTTP Status Code 401 Unauthorized Day!
Nothing wrong with a cheap tester. I just get tired of using a photocopier for R&D. That doesn't advance the industry even a little
Ann Marie is the best congress women we have ever had
A girl with awesome taste!!
I guess sharks aren't so bad after all, If a stranger came into my house wearing a speedo i'd probably attack him too..!!
Vollmann's The Rainbow Stories? Callenbach's Ectopia? Salas' Lay My Body on the Line? Just throwing some out there.
I'm not there and I'm laughing! I can always count on you for having a glass when I am :) xoxo besos!
Me : Go : Go Jayla Me : Get that lol : Get that Jayla, the bigger the better xD lmfaooo i cant
any time my brotha from another motha
nun. On break for school
Hey! is great, not hating on her at all, just a lyric in a song, that is all!
“: If anymore leads get blown at Miller Park tonight, John Travolta might fly in” awesome
Im so proud of u love...yay!!!!
I need to fuck a bitch!
Everything can be learned, including, to a very large extent, to be what you are not. You can learn to be pretty if you are plai
I say how much you need? He say a lot. I say you know people kill for that drug right? I just hope he got the message
RUN! Hey what health and technology advice do you have for zombie attacks?
Guilty until proven innocent
Forgot to bring the video camera. WHAT THE FUCK!
see you soon! Or maybe not?
Cant wait to hear the new album!! :) Xx
Ambition is a start to ur goals. The reality is ur vision is to be obtained with faith in urself with our creator guiding the way!
RT : I'm too cool to be smoking weed
#Nowplaying The Last Song Im Wasting On You - Evanescence <3
Feels great right? RT As of this morning Credit Card debt is nonexistent in my life!
IT'S THAT IMPORTANT
that's short for am juggling and dropping balls at the same time :)
My three keys to success: one, work hard. Two, be your own person. & Three, have a passion for what you're doing. ~Juli Inkster
this stupid website is spammin all of my followers just ignore it, its not true
2 auditions today. One for a kind mentor the other for an evil bad ass. Fast U turn ahead!
I'M SCARED D:
Honda Classic started today and McIlroy is right there again
~~~~~~~~~~Wrong! Not all maybe some, but if men act right then women, would not act up! Whats good for you, is same for her.
*Waves back* Hello.
It's great knowing that the only thing Heat fans get to celebrate are free agent signings and Lakers losses
you should have come to the Derby with us!
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. ~Swami Sivananda
no rain! Picking up photos, counting cash in cash box, securing headphones and heading up to the storage unit!
Wait... its raining in LA again?!
Big meeting today. Boss and I already plan to work "silos" and "echo chamber" in at least twice.
Nice 10 miler this morning in the Cleveland MetroPark. It had a little of everything. Convo, hills, snow, laughs & more.
Anderson, the STUPIDITY & CHEESINESS; the DESPICABLE PARTISANSHIP of the Romney "bullying story" is BEYOND EMBARRASSING....
That's great advice! Thanks.
Watching Veronica fondle a handful of Cheerios for the first time.
Cinnamon challenge complete
AN OTHE R DRINK!
Watching Parks and Rec Season 2. I have eaten at the restaurant where Ron and Tammy have their argumentative/sensual reunion.
damn right we should burn one sometimes together huh
tweet any Tech Sources/Activities used in Social Studies classroom to
what font program do you use on OSX?
RT The IRC's New Roots garden in San Diego is a veritable United Nations of farmers and foods.
It's funny because it's true.
Q re CC Expn: if Coastal Comm says can approve only w modifications, then what? (Thinking of the low cost pub access solution in plan.)
The Grammar Police called. They're all committing suicide.
A big happy birthday to the one and only
Great. I hear the opposite from some.
thanks u! :3
Thx Beth, for your always active participation. You deserve a shout-out!
#SAGawards Outstanding Female Actor in a Comedy series goes to BETTY WHITE! Yes!!!!! Go Betty!
Chronic 2001 better than the OG doe !
Golfing at Yale
AWW UR SO SWEET TELL UR DAD THAT I SAY HAPPY FATHERS DAY
There's an #Evernote version specifically for schools. Has lots of cool features & disc. rate.
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1967 #TheWho made its U.S. concert debut in
Smfh i really hate when people think its okay to act funny one day then the next wants to be your buddy. Foh!
Team basketball is such a lost art today in the NBA. It's two guys playing pick-and-roll or one guy posting up, and 3-4 players watching.
make sure the world spoils you today :)
its always the subtweet hate right? lol after graduation, all will be well, hang in there haha
CONGRATS to Oxygen4Energy Athlete Nichole Wangsgard for winning the Presbyterian Hospital Invitational Crit this past weekend in NC!
Text me...
completely soakedd! never ride the raging river....gonna go get airbrush tatooos and eat lunchh(:
save it for tomorrow night?
: Drat… missed this completely… I'll see you all next time...
I got an email today about it and I think they mail us checks but I think it's also possible to get a direct deposit if you want!
: Anything like Roger Daltrey crying out "Meet the new boss, same as the old boss"?
I'm right there with you, Alexander. Already had the terrible & the horrible. Just waiting for the no good & the very bad to add to my day.
Cadillacs are like rolex watches... For the geezers!!!!
I so feel you on that , *shrugs.. don't really care what branch, just tryna go .
Learning is about seeing, hearing, smelling, tasting & touching.Integrating your senses. How have you tapped into your senses today?
Words hurt. </3
love you to!!! Cant wait to see you lady
yeah you should've answered the phone....
So glad you enjoyed it!
Looking forward to tonight's Audio Tree session here at JIRA! Young Buffalo live at 8pm
She ant me
You got that smile, that only heaven can make, I pray to God every day that you keep that smile. You are my dream.<3
": I'm taking Ty he's been impressive." I'd agree, he made the series go to 7, just lost steam
May the best man win.
time for bed hockey boy.
Happy Hour special at #Pirates Hall of Fame Club > Clevelander at #Marlins Park
Thanks, feel great today! Gearing up for B-12 mania over here.
RT Nice! : Jarvis Cocker wipes his arse with the News of the World onstage at T in the Park!
My heart got hypothermia learning since a lil kid
We're shooting a new commercial, getting ready for the start of TRUCK MONTH! "Deal"!
Catching up w/ people on Facebook, watching the playoffs, and waiting for my husband to get home from work... I'm bored out of my mind!
If I'm so fake cum c me perform at Broadway comedy club on Nov 18th in nyc
Today's weather is perfect for a drum circle.
beware the inappropriate lol.
Woo! Finally been confirmed registration for Can't wait to go! :D
Why did I not know Matthew Weiner is from Baltimore?
Good luck to those trying to win tickets on RT : #VanHalen have postponed all concerts after June 26th w/out giving reason
Happy Mothers Day to all of the Moms out there!! You're loved and appreciated.
I wonder who is subtweeting lol
Think is a great move. Takes substance
Just had to do it....I need Jesus everyday all day
Up w/ Deuce & he keep lickin his balls o_O
Shout out to whack ass niggas and their insecurities...BANG
yeah I feel the same way lol
Instead of getting ready i'm on twitter smh
no so i could meet up with he at like nine somewhere xD
We will be going in spring, daughter in UK due her 2nd in march.
So glad you loved 's keynote! Power + Passion? You’re “The Ringleader” – Motivating and vigorous! Compelling!
I COMPLETELY FORGOT ABOUT THAT.
hey Mr. LV cab. Do you want to take a Twitterer to insert coins from wynn?
Magnetite? O.o
Lets Make These Moves Champ
Cool can't wait to read it
indeed, I might be a little smarter than that
My hair really needs to get better.
follow he's an amazing singer look him up on YouTube he's AMAZING !!!!!!!!
RT : Portland City Hall locking its doors as march heads that way
hate studying for exams
we used to be so close an now at the most your a ghost of what used to be.
#FIXVOTING Reducing time for early voting NOT combating FRAUD - combating VOTING by Americans! Need MORE early voting time - NOT LESS!
i LOVE Some Girls!!!
Squeezing in an episode of Sex and The City before I start my weekend officially!
welcome home!
especially enjoyed the 3d maps in but was not so happy about how they were used..
why wouldn't you?
Q: over 40 in interview they ask Wont you be bored in this position-I was at job 12 years! Doesn't this show that I wont leave in 6 months?
I HATE COMPUTERS!
Finally got my XBOX 360 Elite!!! So stoked!!!
Aw lol I had a pit bull she had 9 puppies then she died!
: It should be a good series. If Perkins is healthy and the Lakers play up to their potential it should be a good series.
For the price of 2 beers at the bar, you can enjoy 30+ different beers @ Much Ado About Brew. Get tix before we sell out kgoradio.com/beer
. We will draft oline, but most improvement is believed to come from new scheme. I think our guys r underrated
TELL PPL TO FOLLOW ME LOL
have u read the book?...great movie too
ido was in the room I would have hit him for how he talked to you.
.!-_!~ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Kobe to clutch
how come you locked your account? someone messing with you? am i gonna have to choke a bitch?
holy mother, Lauren. Those look AMAZING!
Again for !
Learning about EdgeRank from
Uprooting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
well that's always goo:) I know you Miss tinychat bestfriendfddd:)
#McCall Smith, The Double Comfort Safari Club. Soothing Sunday reading for a bit of decadence to avoid thinking about unpleasant tasks later
I believe in God. I just don't think he's very spiritual.
MT : Says at #DigitalGovU, 4 Things to Remember: "1. Social Media is free like a puppy is free. It takes work."
Welcome new readers from Friday's promotion. New website for us and our novels coming very soon!
i know
sure. its a good idea but 10+ others already at it… and i have yet to find one that makes it seamless. betting on !
POTUS tells fundraiser decision to support same-sex marriage "was a logical extension of what America is supposed to be." (via
Sipping on #water, watching the #Clippers make a comeback. #NBA here at Library Bar&Grill!
Maybe to Windsor, so I can still live in this area but I get TSN. Sick of ESPN and their NBA score updates but no hockey on BML
Graham: The city took the step of being the successor agency bc it wanted a say in how AB 26 is being carried out.
o yea i forgot it was!
If only guys like Hosmer could really get the top part of the order REALLY going.
#WhatHurtsTheMost is when u find out your so call best friend was talkin a hold a bunch crap about u!
i'm learning how to make a bridge [:
if you're gonna hate the least you could do is use correct grammar
oK, I admit, I am thrilled!!!
Plan to come to the #burger bar of course!
March seems to be a bad month for you guys. Losing clients after sticking with you last March :-(
What's your favorite Belgium beer? We've got a few of 'em at half price tonight!
What? Run into a pole again?
RT : coming in tonight to promote the Blackhawks Luxury Box Raffle! Redeem a $1 Bartab drink during the game to enter!
We had a winner of the Miranda tix, but they couldn't go. I just picked another name..is it you? Check your DM!
Ebay of Pigs
Feeling so creative!! But have a headache so I am feeling so lazy too! Inspired =)
I think the dot races might be a little more competitive than this game
The crowd was so into last night and so out of it tonight. This is baseball, it's a 7 game series and we are still in it, come on!
Thanks! Happy Friday :) MT : Follow Friday: Vendor Edition: ...
"It looks both backward for causation and forward for remedial measures." Victor Turner, on Divination, from The Forest of Symbols
I did. Did you find out via his twitter earlier? Lol
thanks for following!
A man's stuff is the most valuable in the world. But when he dies, people go in his home to clear it out, they say: What is all this crap?
ahaha hell yeah. Where you at
I like The Happening.
hell yea lol
The anticipation of how my hair will turnout is the worst part
Here's what we know, what do you know, in crisis situation. MT Great work yesterday on breaking news by
. PLZ RELOCATE OUR CONVENTION
When the mind rests upon the Self within it no longer indulges in material or sensual thoughts. Its gains self-restraint.
Absolutely, it follows. I knows herds of unemployed writers, editors, and fact checkers.
OMM! OH MY MAHONE? I HAVE ONE OF THOSE! He's tickling me right now(:
what back ground picture lol
I can't wait till april vacation I need a break!!!!! Ug
In 09 minutes my TL will become #TeamBreezy & claiming they been with him since " Run It "
I love that you mentioned me in the wet hair tweet.
Me: mom can i go see woman in black? mom: no. your not ready me: im almost 13 and it has dan radcliffe! mom: maybe. if i can see it
girl, that ain't good🐗
“: Are you #uprising with us tonight? Rally starts at 7pm! Join us! #LAthtr #DTLA”
to be love by you....
i can go for some bdubs right about now
Who would have ever guess that John Terry and Puyol would have disagreement?
Thanks for the RT!
My condolences & prayers go out to Valerie Simpson, and their daughters on the passing of Legendary Songwriter; Nick Ashford!
Good Luck Today End regular season on winning note
I clicked on your link and a Justin Bieber ad popped up next to the article. HOW APPROPRIATE!!!
The first public theater built in England was called 'The Theater'. A nation of innovators.
#followfriday peoples of interest
Hey it was nice seeing you last night! That should happen more often.
Thank you :)
That pic is from Spa-ghetti Day!
When your teacher asks for a volunteer & somone says "I volunteer as tribute" ha this actually happened in my class.
I want some cake.
Yes RT : A6 Women's Health & Safety!
I was so star struck lol. He was like I heard you couldn't come out so I wanted to talk to you before I left Dallas.
Great song!
WELL TOO BAD CAUSE YOU SUCK AT TIEING THEM 😌
RT : Hiring again....looking for account manager to run brand + celebrity programs. Must have 5+ years experience. Tweet me.
been up with the roommates since 4am watching the news- just starting to give us warnings. Everyone check your kits for water & batteries!
Casey Pachall highlighted a record-setting game with a 42-yard touchdown pass to Skye Dawson with 4:26 left to lift TCU to a 31-24 victor
Seeing Savannah tonight <33
Nice! it's cold and raining here in Austin!
I'm watching "Step Up 2 The Streets" on ABCfamily! :)
Thank you for following us! If there was ONE tweet we could tweet about you or yr business, what would it be? Please DM me
I ran into and #courtneyjancocolous today and they wouldn't let me cut for food:3
Or I'm bipolar not sure.
The moon wasn't big tonight at all, maybe I caught it too late. Gonna try to see it again tomorrow.
Fine tuning the tandem for tomorrow's trip on the Empire Builder.
no, not true, April Fool's from NPR- I should have checked more. :)
RT : Chris Brown hits her, Eminem lies to her, Drake can't remember her name = The life of Rihanna.
- thank you sir
PR tip: When you are sending a press release to a newspaper, you DO NOT need to put a Word doc in columns. Come on now.
Wow my granddad old... u kno u old when u talk about nothing
Tonights the big game. Who is going to win Kansas or UK?
July 30th club vain. W.thekeyplayerz.com. Be there
i believe so but they sell it there in Indiana?
Happy St. Patty's Day! Become a fan of HRL on FB by Tues March 23rd for a chance to win a FREE 2 night stay! :)
No, seriously, I'm here and of sound mind, but I have to catch up on my other stuff before I can deal with your not-so-urgent matter. Jeez.
Et Cetera => And the rest, often abbreviated etc. or &c.
''Everyones birthday party!'' Excited for this weekend
we just finished our first tour and we'll be releasing a new single pretty soon though!
on my way to the Vans Warped Tour in Houston!!! I'll be updating the scene all day, so follow me if you want to know about it!!! Peace b ...
Looking at my feed & wishing I was in Austin for #tilts (#tilts2011?) today. Missing talks by , , , &c.
Headed to the Bats game.
Up watching Martin...
When your jammin out to your favorite song and the headphones get snagged on something random.
Throwing down an acoustic jam with YFT in Woodland Hills tonight. Sticks. Check. Bag. Check.
I like to tweet one-handed while taking a leak.
Had a great time this weekend! Thanks to all !
So its decided! My hair dresser and I both want preppy white boys with swag lol
yup sounds good homie
WTF MY VIDEO ISNT WORKING IT SAYS ACCESS DENIED WTF MAN.
Neck: stiff neck
Me too!
I'm absurdly happy that my college age daughter is snoozing on the sofa while I read.
just.. Leave it
Thanks for the RT! Are you watching Delhi/Kolkata now?
*WINNING* #teamtigerblood speak your mind your lips have been sealed to long express yourself and hell with everybody else..
In the past 2 years, someone insisted to me that their professor told them they must use two spaces after a period.
Video Amazing Cup Stacking Skills This Kid Got Fast Hands - cups stacking
Moved my blog off of UT's servers...
The Angels are bowling ✌
thank you all for the MT's during the #jazzday concert last night, we appreciate you!
Happy Chocolate Day everyone. The bake shop at City Tavern is cranking out #chocolate hearts glazed with ganache.
I'm so tired but I can never sleep when I want to 😔😞
I hope cums his pants on his movie date so his bitch can point and laugh at him >:) lmao
Papa john looked like he was on crutches and they edited them out in the commercial running during Sunday night football.
DONTT U HATE WHEN U LOSE THE ONES U LOVE ?? </3
the guys are tops... glad to have them as part of CodeSquare!
Send questions for the Next "Ask Aunt Lisa Video"!!! I'm going to pick about 8 questions & give away another 2 signed posters NEXT THURSDAY!
you're only with her because you don't like to be alone.
": <3 JOE <3 omg join our marriage :'-)"we can all marry
I finally stand my grounds and now I'm being respected more than ever. Like me for me, not for who u want me to be.
that's my problem with AOP. Nobody seems to know about any other useful application.
Get ready for St. Pattys Day-stop by for our Baileys and Guiness CUPCAKES-Come early for best selection or call ahead
I can. Or how about lack of response.
That's because you're a tool.
- Very nice. It's a great team. Everyone is working very hard to make an exciting show.
I can't remember my first time! Ha!
My bro gave me a Miller High Life... It's not too bad.
“: It’s easier to lie to me than to yourself”
No coffee within 4 miles, and car. I see why crackheads are always walking around.
Firefighter support: Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch receives endorsement from Milwaukee Professional Firefighters Association.
It Just Mean Boa! lol. Wassup?
Happy Friday mate!!! Enjoy the wkend. I'm listening to Forbins from SB IX. C'mon dates!!
We have a nugget tonight!!!! :)
¡Hoy es noche de Carne Tremula! Drop by the tonight for some serious booty shaking!
I MADE THIS FOR YOU!!!
is that the same aide who works on etch a sketch????? :)
ouch. Get better soon. The rest should help.
Are you ready for #chicago June 8 with NJ ?
do you have a iPod?
Congratulations Emilyy.!! so happy for you.!! love ya girl!
Hi! How can I contact you?
I REALLY hate sitting in class with a rain wet shirt...
Inaction is not only the result, but the cause of fear~ Norman Vincent Peale
when is it?
I would rather watch Hoarders than the NBA. It's too much about self indulgence.
Innovators getting ready for nashville and Tennessee area
Happy New Year Ray!!! I wish you an awesome 2012!!!
“: Getting married before 25 is kinda like leaving a party before 10pm #AmIRight?”
Hi All check out our website for our amazing sales on our boog 77 tried and true home based business www.createmoneyweb.com
Today starts 25¢ weekend! Anything at Diversity Thrift with GREEN tag, electronic, clothing, household, is only a quarter!! Don't miss out!
people don't like because of his FAME and LOOKS! But because of his talents, and the inspiration he gives <3
I think I am going to start stalking Paulina Gretzky's #Instagram account...
One more month and I'll be in Lima. Can't wait to try out the fantastic restaurants there.
Thnx bro, those fx you threw on there are crazzy.. can't wait to crack some more out soon!
I 💘 UA Bookstore!
bleh. i didnt get to meet im so sad :(
I was freaking out. Smoking is so unattractive. I'm glad that wasn't you. It was just a stupid person. :)
is awesome because it has a classy atmosphere. i feel like i'm in sex and the city when i'm there!
Wait... I jus saw what ur talkin about. That's a generic tweet automatically posted by Soundcloud when u load sumthin new.
": With all my heart I praise the LORD! I will never forget how kind he has been. -Psalm 103:2"
Cool & rainy in San Diego. First panel on the schedule is Danny Elfman
“: I hate when I'm so happy about something and then my happiness just dies... Because of one thing. ONE LITTLE THING.”
O.. Like Sum for me !
You have an AWESOME job!
haha man I'm boutta go fishing at the river, you wanna go?
100 LIKES & I'll Sing Boyfriend For My Facebook Peeps (;
Don't worry about the people who hate you, worry about the people who love you.
I don't care if you see my messages days before :3 I just want u to see em and have great days and lovely times :3 I LOVE U <3
very exciting meeting today with one of our marketing partners on a viral YouTube campaign t. More to follow.....
Seriously, siting in this class for like 3 hours is a waste of my time!
Went to weed one book, ended up weeding 12 shelves of books.
My phone really needs to stop acting retarded, before I somehow manage to throw against the wall or something.
This organic granola is a subtle blend of aromatic barn sweepings and fresh bark mulch.
Norfolk might to be outta there.
Long day of shooting is over! Time 4 food...a drink and my couch!
RT : We are honored to be featured in the case study with ! Public Relations in Urgent Care...
what about a pool girl?
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.
1.29 a taco... You live on mars or what?? Lol
On the road to Canada!
Thanks for the #ff yesterday! :-)
Liking everyone's baby's pics on instagram! Awe ^_^
Thanks Jack. look forward to watching
Yes!! Me too! All the hard work paid off!!
Wow this bus driver is amazing! Shall I marry her? Lol she is giving away gifts and wants to take us to Brazil...
Just about to leave for #Context. Ah, the convenience of in-town cons. See you there?
the only reason people dress up for halloween is to look "sexy". *eye roll.* get over yourself.
hey love :)
Apparently to some people...getting nothing is better than getting something and having to give some of it back.
RE: Aoki's name of course...sorry for the cryptic tweet
FREE FREE FREE WEBSITES LET US HELP YOU GROW YOUR BUSINESS LET US HELP YOU GET MORE CUSTOMERS DON'T WORK HARDER WORK SMARTER studio5one2
Coupons for buget cars rental
Sure! Let us know what you need. :)
Man I miss my San Diego family. I am gonna go there as soon as school is out.
Temporarily blocked from FB again. I posted a picture of a bicycle seat that had a dildo attached. Someone was offended and reported it.
Be of good cheer, the One who sent you into a storm will keep you in that storm, and in your darkest hour will come to you walking on it!
Re: snow showers MT : It happend twice in a span of an hour. Each time it lasted 5-10 minutes. Sunny skies now
Lol it b my co-workers! We need to go to el tequila. do too! Girlz time!
Vegan donuts! I just one. Wow are they good!
“: Fml kill me now.” <~ No, we need our fans to be alive!!
you had a dream you were in world of warcraft? What a nerd
I agree! I can't believe this stuff hasn't gone mainstream yet, very intriguing
Hi Oluwatoyin, you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
If you're happy and you know it clap your hands.
He doesn't just put any old words that rhyme in his songs. He takes his time and writes incredible lyrics that have stories behind them
Then they asked if they could have a bite. Rofl
- Text me?
Our pleasure! Have a fantastic day and #tweet4assistance if you need any help or have any ?s :)
Be yourself because everyone else is taken.
We've heard it's COLD! RT : To my NY folks... How's the weather over there? I'll be in your city tomorrow
Today there is one minute more of daylight than darkness. It's a good start.
make up is ruined
Thanks for sharing, Ross!
Where did you find this information? I'm curious to read more about it.
Don't let your fears keep you from living...love
Resistance Training Reduces Signs of Parkinson's - Medscape
No murders or suicides in Detroit last night, none in Wayne county at all, makes for a better day at work!
Also, can we just have Tyrion slap Joffrey in every episode?
If love is the most treasured thing in the universe then why are so many people scared of it ?
is she not there... I will kill her if she overslept
Lmfao.. Why would you do that 😂😂
lets do it.
writing formulas for a giant excel-based dataset.
ELECTRIC VEHICLE SHOW: 10am-2pm, Sunday, August 22, Millennium Plaza Park, Lake Oswego (via )
Who really advocates choice for women? Conservative Repubs-to choose total liberty or Liberal Dems-to choose being bound by regulation
So sad with the 2 pm lunchtime at Robeson. That's affecting the students' ability to learn. Please tweetpossible follow-up.
I've depended on numerous hosting services over the years. None as horribly incompetent as Heed my warning...
#sow #hick where ya at?
Tell us your idea about the #power of conversation.
Its time for "Pink the Rink" at #Fredonia State University! Lets go BlueDevils!
IN THE AIR THE MIXTAPE DROPPING SEPT. 1ST
I don't need this fucking world, this world brings me down.
I know and so was I...
do jellyfish scars ever go away? My leg looks like it was in a knife fight...... :(
#Power Plate Sessions with Louis. Your first one is Free 786.287.8487. Mentioned you heard about it on
#thingsishouldsaynoto: my pillow cuz I really gotta do this paper
Good call. I'm sure they have it. lol!
Going boating then state fair :) what a fun weekend, break from work :)
At a packed house party we're going to perform tonight. is performing right now. Al's got crazy eyes at the right moment
Thanks for the #ff s/o!
the usual is going down tonight..skating with the bestfriends🎶😜
Don't forget that MYC prayer is in room 6 today! 10AM
:O Oh no! Best of luck on whatever you are doing next. Thanks for helping me meet folks in Yahoo! London.
Vinny Zollo trying to punch his ticket for the dance tomorrow night
I'm All Bored N Shit .
i can goo
Oh.. Napa Hour... A wonderful way to end the work week and bring in the Weekend!
That's just a part of animal rescue. You have to be able to roll with the punches.
#nce11 Conn. Supt: November presentation reframed my thinking on how we use tech. We need to change conversation
RT : If I can't be with Craig Gentry forever and ever, then I don't want to be with anyone else!
Ain't no Hater ova here .... Great game #OKC Congrads on game 1 win #NBA .... U know how it goes if U play poorly ya get blown out
very true. But that makes me even more nervous :)
Eating a cookie in bed, watching the clouds go by. Sunday, I'm in love with you.
Celebrate New Years Eve with Robbie Laws at Beaterville!
lol so funny... I feel like that's something we'd see in
I am feeling a little stressed out. :/
we'll see what kind of beat down delivers tomorrow. My other trainer has a softer side for rest days
I WANT to LIVE in a WORLD where DOPHINS get BULLIED. Touché dolphins touché.
one love BD
Shout out to for his remake of 'NSYNC's Girlfriend video. The Boyfriend video looks exactly the same.
Way to go #Rangers coming up big in the 11th
Just "Liked" Planet Earth on FB. As of this moment, 630 people have checked in. Who knew Planet Earth was so popular?
OMG, Marion Cotillard's white dress with the red trim in Midnight in Paris - gorgeous like her.
Hello, my dear !
this one guys girl friend
2da few singers out there who think they come close 2 my 6+Octave E1-G7 range.Theory training&Be able2sing instead of just hitting all notes
Here comes Sipp, there goes the game.
if you wantt
thank you(: ♥
#WeLoveUandUrDaughter everything will be alright! Lizzie is in My Prayers :) <3
What show are you most excited for this season???
I love it! Making it into my doc design class into the spring.
haha ya it's good stuff
Just because you put a pretty top over a muffin top don't make it a cupcake sweetheart!
my rap name is "Mad Chatter"
The application my son brought home for First Graduate says in 1 spot "shared goal of collage graduation". So they do arts/crafts?
Haha, State Farm Bobby Knight discount double-check commercial is pretty good! He's no , but still funny!
Finally read MY BEST FRIEND today. Loved it! Thanks for the rec. It's on my next Follett order.
Hey - I have openings Tuesday, 11/1, from 8:30-9:30am and 11am - 1pm. If anyone is interested in coming for a workout it's on the house!...
. There is something wrong with that timer, as soon as I change a diaper, he needs to be changed again. :-)
Tell me why alaya nd kalil are burried in the play pen full of toys.... lil badd ass kids
Hahahahaa he is stupid
lmfao!!! That's really funny, its so awful xD I love making fun of myself now.
join da party Kodak
Later on. Who ova deaa' ?
Tonight: Denver Chamber's BAH, Ohio Center for Broadcasting, 404 S. Upham Street, Lakewood 80226 5:30-7:30 I might take your picture :-)
That's funny...I just "cleaned" mine out this week, making an effort to stay on top of it and informed!
Dorito taco to end off the night great (: now just waiting for that txt!
Okay Thanks :)
Just downloaded new book on Hard to use the site, but I now feel like a sparkly, sweet, media princess.
I saw Brian Posehn & Boon Shaka-laka on the same corner of Cahuenga at the same time! It's a star studded nite out here!
Hearing a voice outside in the middle of the night counting down can be disconcerting. As far as I can tell nothing happened at 0!
Saying hello to the readers from Greece...:)
We always call homeruns & if your wrong you have to buy beer. Last year I was right on my only try, that was GoGo in game 162
Wtf like really?
Legal Tip for the day: Exceptions to the automatic stay of bankruptcy: child support, criminal proceedings, and divorce proceedings.
just got done eatting pancakes & smoke sausage!
Eminem kills you in any freestyle, any album, and any written lyric, you have no talent dude, go do drumline 2!
I liked MS&S, but it's probably going to b more theoretical & less connected to events in your daily life than sociology of work.
LOOKING FOR MISERY
do you do roof billboards in Dulles flight path ?
Megan passters just had sex with a girl from kentucky...she is a lez..only in 8th grade
#evernoticed how great sex is when your having it with someone you truly LOVE
;) love ya buddy
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
hopes heart is in Seattle and I know if we had a team here you'd be Seattle all the way! Hope all is well fam?
what happened????
Looking mean! Beat Bisping's face in.
I miss my lil boo thing
Great first hour ... thanks for making it happen! Lots more to come right after the news. Stay tuned!
Its a signed poster and an EXCLUSIVE pic!
Exclusive Lego R2-D2 Is the Lego Set You Must Get This Year [Video] - null
hahah can we remix that song
thanks,you as well ;-)
it's about 3:35 here on the west coast haha and thank you! You too
Manning hits a fly to medium center. Kingery has it, the throw home and Sveum is SAFE! Braggs moves to 3rd, #Brewers lead 5-4!
Patience is a virtue? Working hard to be virtuous.
Thanks for the love!
We're all still alive, guys! We're preparing you some new material! So keep your ears open!
Through the locks without problems
u an alum too? One follow coming up lol
Thanks for the follow! Got any good food news for me?
The internet will help u to an extent. U still have to work ur singles.. hit the road, work it in different cities and b humble
lmao he really changed it to Dont forget the comma
Oh honey, my hat is off to you if that is the case. Gone with your bad self.
#Heat better fuckin' ball tonight..
you can :) part of really believing you can comes from trying, failing, but persevering <3
thanks I will have to show you the original I'm iffy
9 straight Ks at the beginning of a game & 4 straight BBs to end it? Now *that* is original.
that's quite the stat! :p
it isn't but you put your entire sex life all over twitter for everyone to read. Stating my opinion. That's all.
Not a word choice issue either. Just a bad opinion issue.
-cool. Enjoy your weekend :-)
I HATE when people try to make you the bad guy ; the villain for being honest I'm not gonna let people do that to me anymore
Well shake it shake it shake it baby now! Nothing like waking up to the almighty Beatles!
Hiya pal!
follow me
I love being let down by my sports teams. #Orioles #Ravens #Caps the last two just can't get the job done in the playoffs.
This Is It! The last time 2 support EJ during the Spring Drive. & I will bdoing the "This Is It" dance starting @ 8pm ET.
Yes! See you SAT 8-12pm RT : We are excited for the new Saturday morning Farmers Market at #TheAutry at #GriffithPark - awesome!
In 12 hrs I will be out of school lol
They should really put the wonky wheel shopping carts out of their misery.
And that's the difference between the whiskey and you
who doesnt eat there cake with a fork...? I sure do!(:
Thanks so much, Ann! Happy Easter to you as well. Enjoy your weekend,
Rumors swirling that WAR HORSE may be looking to move to a different theatre to make room for a revival of THE KING & I with Kelli O'Hara.
Just got in line for the Exterminator... We're here early & the line is still a little long!!!
That awkward moment when you can always find the opposite gender's bathroom faster than your own..
Damn, I need to get some religious scam going
Hello world, I'm home.
TF I look like wearing some Tom's
Can someone explain to me why everyone is going on about how Cody is single or not???
my little sister will be 3 in October (;
Yes penalty!
yea you did
I think without make up , you still bad as hell 🎶
im sick :(
It's so funny watching my boss trying to figure out how to use the copy machine lol
You are so welcome! We had a great time and it was nice to breathe in some fresh mountain air. Thanks again. :)
On my way to enjoying the finer things in life.
S/O That's My Better Half..!!* #Real Talk#
#FF App of the Day devs for the week - thanks everyone, and have a great Christmas!
ok bye. But were do u live.?
I'm so confused.
#Brides and #Grooms to-be! helps you bring together photos, videos, and updates from your wedding all in one space
We've got DJ Beach tonight. April starts at midnight, start it off right
Just wanted to say whats up, and Keep it going with Massive, its an awesome Party
A van-load from + from heading out to for higher ed social media workshop #hashtaganyone?
I guess this library card is only good thing I have. So I can still get on this computer. Watch out if I have get back on my feet.
Thanks for the kind words!
looks good.
Just made lunch reservations for my team @ 360 Uno Pizza -- it is always nice to get the team out for lunch off-site.
KETTLE 1'S AND SPRITE S/O TO DRE PABON
I have armyworms eating my mint. Every time I think I have them all picked off I find more frass and another caterpillar.
If you are interested in the business side of sports, follow , and Good stuff.
Ah, Super Bowl Wkend. Hope the game is good, halftime show is engaging, the ads outrageous and Glee is over the top
thanks for getting your tan on with us! Hope you're enjoying the long weekend!
Paille with the gooooaaaallll!!! #Bruins tie it 2-2. This 2nd period is becoming a shoot out.
JLo is that your....?
his 3 picks . He's awful. The d will Will this game for them if they hold on....that's my peace.
Rick Santorum isn't a practicing Catholic -- he's perfected it.
Court this morning lord I pray
totals ! & i SO called that sofa :)
Yes, When we post the AFC South...
Is the KCBS FM band 106.9? All I got over the weekend was Hip-Hop from 106.1 in SF.
lmfaooo snatched the damn bobby pin right out of my hair then still smacked me! #rude haha
Is it obsessive if I have over 40 posters of or am I a real belieber
*mumble ": I ramble sometimes :/"
I have no idea might just chilln in da crib and watch movies and eat ice cream idk
That is lesson learned from carter's mistake of not doing the same after the fall of the Shah of Iran. Iran now exports terrorism.
New news coming tomorrow!
go on fb
Stop by the Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce Business Expo Hospitality booth next week Tuesday and tell me about your business.
PLEASE! Anybody but that asshole Calvin Borel.
we're around the corner from you!
Congrats to everyone! This is a fantastic panel.
Thank you for supporting. Glad you had a great time!
just send it to me through YouTube or in message here
1830s Boston is a microcosm of US politics. Spend $ to support business, seek foreign loans and add to debt, blame social programs for debt.
Happy Saturday! Visiting with family and enjoying the weekend. Anyone have any big plans?
eww yeah. My cats yaks too, worst is when I walk in it. Ugh f'in cat!!
I'm Tryna get on the train next
Lately, I've been watching France24, the rest I get here.
Good Clean Puddy Cat>>>>>>
#DTHR getting the scoop - > will be in the house on Sunday
": I'm still waiting for the "Once you go black, you never go back" episode on Mythbusters." Bahahahaha
- Likewise! Love your quartet name. Would love to see you perform sometime!
I hate people who just get their stuff handed to them.
The saddest people always seem to be the nicest.
I am potato, to be are fruitcake?
RT : For Lent, I'm giving up not drinking this. — Drinking a Nugget Nectar by : just picked up a 6 pack of this today!
Enjoying a beautiful, crisp winter day in the Heartland! It is sunny, breezy and the view from my window is like a winter postcard!
Stay with it, though :-)
PickUpLine: Do you know what part of the tongue registers the salty taste? Would you like to experiment and find out.
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic recorded at Curb Studios in Nashville, TN! **
#quotes The successful person makes a habit of doing what the failing person doesn't like to do.
Keep your eyes to the skies in DC, MD, and MD! #SpotTheShuttle and be a part of history.
am not just meant to survive, but to thrive! and that I shall do! New music on the way!
She Told Me Go Bacc 2 Tha Old Wayz I Told HER o No
do too, where all dat come from, n whose yall?
Thank you for the follow! We are following back too! :)
thanks bro !!!
Hi Sean, this is the CTG Education department Twitter! Nice to tweet-meet you! Victor works for us & says hi!
thank you
“Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.” Maya Angelou
No, I meant for the human. Is putting them on the cat "a pain", not painful. ;)
she'la miss u!!! Let's hoops soon
bold statement, sir. And possibly true.
The latest spammer, whose name is Lance, says he lives in Kuwait City. Someone's bored over at
Thank you so much! I haven't had a chance to watch it yet!
Get it MInzy!!!
that's the first I've heard of them! The album has lots of different sounds. That's still my favorite song
hahaha, you already know Big sis:-) Your heart is too big, thanks for checking on me:-)
Thanks for the mention!!
my order went through o.O
sorry! On broad now!
And the John lennon wall
RT : If you're on your laptop at , check out 's twitter background. I love it! Tweety Got Inspired.
They have multiple bars but they are really expensive. Best to just bring your own drinks in a flask or bottle.
And just in time!! #MARSunplugged! :)
i need my laptop soon, i wanna. use via web! i think id be addicted :3
I agree. I don't have it either. Somehow it seems like these people believe she performs miracles instead of The Almighty!
I think #MKEFirkin is a great idea for your next #beerclub event! Lots of great stuff for beer connoisseurs.
excellent decision my friend!
if UK wins tomorrow Tenn. is #2 SEC. What about Vandy , Fla. ?
I should have called it an "events calendar" though some regional incident data collection would be way cooler.
. insists that several high & mighty people have declared the term "cock-a-hoop" not indecent! Do I have a new fav word? Yes!
true that! good old u.s of A
ohh that's good Hurley! I've had other pals do hydrotherapy.
I listened to a couple of your songs on The Country Network and fell in love with your music. You're amazing.! I love you.!
Jazz concert in our Rotunda starts in one hour! UCLA music students will perform pieces by a variety of jazz legends. See you there.
So , Ariana,peoples laugh at me becaude my skin color please support me.<3
thanks! Our android version is coming near the end of May. Stay tuned through our updates on tapcongress.us and see the site.
Forget Facebook ads. Focus on good, helpful and useful content and update your blog frequently.
i hate that i take a nap than i can't sleep
Damn life so short...fuck it I don't wanna go to court
Coming from a performer/teacher POV, teachers dont get enough credit..next time I hear 'those who can't, teach' BS I may cause a scene...:P
Any negative behaviour a dog does will get worse if he gets told off for doing so
RT : #celebrates GIRLFRIENDS' GETAWAY #afterparty | see you all tonight!
where do you work at?
envious about Mehldau. Hope he throws in a Radiohead or Hendrix cover for you
im back from mexico guys ugh so tired i see none of my friends were active enough to reply to me
Promote yourself, but do not demote another. Israel Salanter
Last Day for collecting March Madness Stickers!
retweeting like it's my JOB! Cause I basically say the same things every second of my life
A part of me wants to watch the second half of My Week with Marilyn, but another part of me keeps thinking about the bland first half. :/
yes!!! I'm going to send u the link so u can register. :)
Seeing The Kills tonight! I'm a lucky girl.
I really can't, but Tom should!
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have.
Pumpkin Porter is pouring at Fatso's - get some before it is all gone!
This is where the British girl quietly slips out of this convo :P
I was just complaining about this the other day. So tired of "Drop 2 sizes!!!!" articles.
- yes & energy efficient too! Welcome to check them out anytime!
LOSING AT HOME IS LIKE WATCHIN YOUR BITCH GET FUCKED IN YOUR OWN BED
?For many people, hell has already arrived
I am.doing good actually thanks.it was good and warm today here 78 #jealous? Haha
#IfWeWereTogetherRightnow I wouldn't get to chapter 4. This book isn't gonna read itself...
I really wanted it before and I had an opportunity to go to Strasberg, France-- beautiful! But you know how the cookie crumbles
its been almost 6 hours and i still feel like shit
david foster wallace?
I knoow who too!
Chris Rene got a cam on #XFactor he will pawn it for drugs.
When you sleep till almost 4, and you can't sleep that might <<
Playing finish that song at fantasmic..they play sweet Caroline. I definitely said go pitt instead of "so good"
May the 4th be with you! The library has Star Wars books, Star Wars movies, & John Williams music(!) ...all free with your library card.
My opinion better matter I have #freedomofspeech on my side, suckers!!
I miss u to Mikey! This is my last week of school then we can have bust sessions everyday!
I can proudly state,“I worked hard on the practice field, in the film room and at meetings” after all, football is my passion.
follow back :)
Design solves and surprises.
Thanks for the love!
Doug Fister would have been a Cy Young contender had he been in Detroit all year. 7-1 with a 1.79 era in 11 starts.
Haven't worked a Friday in months....don't like it.
Feels good to beat boston baby.
I really hate School... :(
we are exhausted, happy, joyous and tired. And we are taking a melatonin and hitting the rack. Looking forward to seeing you!
6-7 scoops of beans, water just below boiling, 4 minutes= perfect :)
Eveyone should stop everything and follow the March/Rally in Sanford,Fla. It could be your son, your nephew, it could by you,Black Man!
makin a spontaneous trip to u of I for Chiptole
i like your style
Gettin' ready to take my lady out to dinner for her birthday!!
Busted lip :'(
I'm not alone,i know that god is always with me
Still writing: Qualitative Case Study on the Engagement of African American Learners 2 Raise Achievement through Community-Based Initiatives
Joining ' xcllnt "Money Power & Wall St" Part 3 late thnx to v long day at
Free actor profile.
There's snow outside this airplane window. Can't remember the last time I saw it.
Air hockey with a 2 year old... And he's got game! That's quality right there!
The ‘Aquaponics Soldiers’ of Camp Aguinaldo
All I Gotta Say Is Im Definitely investing In One Of those Fitness Balls lol
I saw you at the AMA luncheon yesterday. Wasn't Tony's stunt funny? :)
#2000thTweet is dedicated to amazing people in my life. ! You guys rock!
late night tonight. You're welcome to stream it too. :)
alright ima get in the bed
sorry, we didn't. Got some Yards IPA.
Started morning trip to Denver by spilling coffee on 10 people around me. Not the most popular person on the plane! #coffeeinluggagebin= ...
what's with the drink on it video? Kinda weird! But love the song.
we love ya too beybii :)
I concede private lives indicate character, but wish we all focused on economy, foreign policy, policy understanding, insight, leadership.
Stop being selfish, make the eggs for the two kids, and forget about yourself, find something else!
Riley attacked private citizens--graduate students--who never offered themselves up for her critique. Walker, not so much.
Derek Lowe? Atlanta is paying him to win in Cleveland.
Enter Coupon Code: DRAFT for $4.00 off your delivery tonight. Minimum order= $30.00
#10ThingsILove Jesus, husband, my kids, family and friends, nature, songbirds, chocolate, photography, writing, learning
#NFAIS Key philosophy for Small Demons is to allow users to follow through. (i.e. Add all films mentioned in a book added to queue.)
You should eat makeup so your pretty on the fckin inside
I'm not a fan of remakes. But huge fan of Channing. *swoon*
Chuck Brown - Chuck Baby
no porq solo me vy a animar con vs
yo text me bro
The text I just sent >>> HAHAHA
John Crosby thanks Andrew Taylor Still for the gift of Osteopathy.
thank roomie!! We're on the brink of something great!!
“: 2 funerals in 2 days.....lesson learned never take life for granit” I hear ya buddy! Too many little ones are leaving to early
What is going on with all the flashing lights downtown state st at the inner loop?
Where the fuck is my grain belt?
LOL DUDE. PEOPLE ARE FREAKING OUT. Omg. This is too funny.
Thanks, friend!
Touché - RT So yeah ... was and is a success, I'm drunk eating a Philly cheese steak
Weddings and funerals are the hemorrhoids on the timeline of humanity.
Don't tase me bro.
ABSOLUTELY! RT If they're bringing the Cosmos back then #SportingKC needs an alternate 3rd kit Spurs Uniform
Big weekend, time to pack up and move!
We don't nd 2 disrespect women 2 criticize them. Now, Ann Coulter...well, u might convince me! :-)
certainly would be a validation of his leadership/policies. I just want a new arena. lol.
Not fishy at all! You mean, because it's an election year w/ lousy incumbent, and terrorism is red meat issue?!? Oh, you cynic, you!
Time for screens and short dump offs. RT : The coverage downfield by the Giants has been great.
N/p The One I loved back then. One of the best songs ever
Cheeto's = #awesome!
“That annoying feeling when you're dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.”
yes, not for another year
Happy birth day Chuck Berry!
Think your multivitamin is all good? Watch out for fillers. They are equivalent to the packing peanuts used for mailing
Tomorrow is going to be a coffee 24/7 study at Barnes and Noble kind of day.
out of town tonight, but can be around earlier tomorrow afternoon.
i really really wish there was for blackberry
(founder of Internet Archive) giving talk, "Universal Access to All Knowledge" via Skype at
Next time!! “: Very sad to announce Jack is not feeling well, and the family will not be able to attend the twins game tonight”
I would marry every guy in one direction 
That ice looked scared girl. I hope you were kind to it after you finished.
I'm going back to bed. It's too early to be up.
Meeting with Gwinnett Medical Center today. Discussing future plans for the Google Adwords marketing program. Program is producing results!
Your advice offered comfort and helped many times but I have not yet bought any of your materials
Hey Dennis! Trying to contact you regarding a Boot Camp opportunity. Can you please call me at ReelWorld...206-448-1518. Thx
-Seeing a couple and saying , "forget both of you , just because i'm single !" -___-'
*falls asleep with contacts on* *wakes up* *goes to take them off* *it feels like you're peeling off a layer of your actual eye* :(
It's 2:30 on Tuesday afternoon, what's your #energy boost "go to" in the middle of the day?
Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez now speaking to the press. Said there was tremendous evidence. Happy with the verdict.
cutting all my hair after graduation. cant wait to donate it!
well i suppose that's a start. did you at least crack open the cover yet?
What little I have goes toward my commute. $4 gasoline.
crazy marked the bush on Michigan Ave NE. That camera has been here for years. Private property and defacing our home!
where should i get cupcakes in LA without driving all the way to sprinkles?
Nah, I just pull my quad muscle every time haha.
Forever on my fly shit
Lol yeah.. no worries, you missed nothing.
I may just decide to stay single longer.... mayb another yr
▒ Books worth Sharing ▒ FICTION ▒ The Codex file [Kindle Edition] by Miles Etherton Michael Robertson’s family has been murdered to...
Would also check domaintools.com
''Omg, I'M SO sAD CUZ I MET DA BOY'Z LYK 10 TYMES MUH MUM ISN'T LETING MEH GO TO MEET THEM." Um stfu calm your tits. I Never Met Them. -___-
thanks for following! 🌷
We are going to be mixing it the week of July 12th so it will be finished by the end of the month but i think we might wait
only 102 others? Sounds like a lousy game.
Chris: Knowledge of creating finding aids and delivering content through finding aids is increasingly more common
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
isn't it too early for a white lady with a sombrero to be making tequila cocktails?
Thanks for the RT! Get your votes in!
#nsn3DSaturday The movie was amazing! Going to see it again tomorrow! :)
congrats ! You've won the beauty kit from Johnson's!
#GirlHoeLyrics hey i just met you and this is crazy but heres my pussy eat it maybe;) lol
thank you for trying to get to the truth. The laws must protect all of our children.
Tomorrow night we're playing at Coupland Dancehall We will be playing before our buddy so get there early if you're in the area!
We offer bulk discounts so if you do choose to start your juniors on products call the office to purchase for best deal
South Dakota State is the first NCAA Division I school to extend a scholarship offer to Sussex Hamilton sophomore Brady Ellingson.
The moment I've been waiting for since I got to europe. Off to florence! I'm coming for you!
Thanks for the tweet. Let us know if you want a demo of the GoingOn platform.
Chris, what is the latest on Trust me, the guy is still in phenomenal shape.
You have 9 minutes to get to the premiere!
RT Craving Jiffy-Pop popcorn and don't know why.
Anyone know of a car repair class for women in SD???
Thank you for the follow. Hope you are having a great day!
I'm not getting into that with you.
dude. im sick now! my throat is killing me
music video called cheekies tho, I'm done with earth
I'm glad you came JK
breakfast of champions and partyproofing
followed love :)
For our shows at Long Wong's in April and The Rogue in May we will once again be giving away free Valley Metro goodies, so come on out!
Do you need to hire Business Development Directors? One of our customers just did (within 2 weeks!) with one of our phone-sourced names!
email me i would like to be on the show im in atlanta ga
just stayin busy fe, text me tho. I'll hit u back wen I can
I'm happy you made it home safely
On my way home, cause early release!!!
#Script is almost done!
Happy Earth Day! Go for a hike, jump in a lake, get outside today.
I swear auto correct! Lol I ment welcome(: it corrects it wrong!
“: That's what we want! ” How long are u on tonight?
you may want to send an adult to the #Bing party. These children are slizzerd and need help. It's like a #sxsw frat party.
Where is everyone today!? Did I miss a holiday?
Down time after expo.....sad it's over till 2013
wen u say where is my such such on here dat jus means where u at on here not dat ur mines crazy lol..... I was Twitter talkn
Things to do when you have lost your internet connection: Open the curtains to see if anything has changed over the past 2 years.
where black people even wear Aeropostale.
The quiet meditation of ideas - describing the act of reading. Love it!
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
At another fitting for Vampire Dairies. It was great to get an email asking if I was available for filming. Filming is on March 13 & 14.
Nice next week for cleaning windows?
Is it just me or are the magic hands trying to induce more rally. Guess the pros need to get shorts off. These indexes seem frozen
can't wait to taste your chili. Pretty tad name
Hope to see today!
Just filled up at costco for 3.63! Winning!
Oh my God I will got my wish, I found my camera. it got reinstall into my laptop again, Thank God. My B-Day will be perfect after all!
CCPE wishes all of our students a happy, healthy and safe holiday!
ooking forward to Latin Grammy winning Salsa Legend--Lalo Rodriguez!! At the Conga Room--Thursday, October 21!!
look at the stars. look how they shine for you, and everything that you do.
is seeking a Chicago TW for a short assignment, writing assembly instructions for furniture.
Ate one hot dog and two hamburgers
dude it ain't Mickey D's... it's "Macdos"
The 3 C's of life: choices, chances and changes ~ You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change.
get some pork belly and you'll feel 1000% better.
The quote: "Genius Is Only A Superior Power Of Seeing" by John Ruskin remind me that we all have unique ways of perceiving the world.
gonna need those barens b4 thursday...
Samsung iCloud Competitor Will Apparently Debut Alongside Galaxy S I - Gizmodo Australia
RG3 is the bomb.... He'll succeed!
Trying to get a hold of my mentor seems like we are both very busy. Motivated to reach the best I can.
Happy May! This means it's almost time for the #ACLFest lineup! Yay!
#SignsYouLostAFight the person your fighting starts taking your jewelry..lmao
Getting ready for the weekly luncheon with
I love you too!(;
at least we are all pretty on twitter
i miss
Felicia Day thinks our web series is funny and cute "This web series about dog walkers is pretty cute!" (Cut to dog=instant comedy lol)
Yoga time
7d on the way
Don't conservatives ever get tired of hating everyone? It must take tons of energy to hate women, gays, other religions, and other races.
North Carolina bans same-sex marriage. Next step? Bringing back slavery.
proud of my Team tonight!
Im in it in it till the finish and a mistress that is fine like.a.fucking parking ticket
with a true Bob Dole moment referring to himself in the third person.
Serving size is same. Only thing I can think of is the toffee coating adds so much volume that you get less in the serving.
it's a great photo!
$15.00 Booster Draft starting at 2:00pm! Then onwards to FNM! Hope to see everyone tonight! Have a great day!
Eminem obviously 💙
That OVO and that XO is everything I believe in, I know.
Headed to the Thirsty Armadillo in the Ft Worth STOCKYARDS tonight! Mike Stanley Band kicking the night off around 10:30!! Bring yer asses!
that's me on some psychic shit :)
Please RT "Social Problems" summer 1 is a great class- get done faster on a fun-filled, learning adventure!
Hey hey how are you
Leaving for a Big Party tonite! Fun!!!
denim on black.
happy brithday brandon
age is nothing but a number!!
For Event planners get your wristbands event and Custom Wristbands at NYC Printing 123. Custom Wristbands for events, parties and...
please follow me , I'm a fan of yours 
We're always thinking bout you.
Well I'm thinking is losing out on a whole lot of money because was sent home.
She's got a cat tattoo and her dress is blue.
This week: the kids are fighting for the right to load the dishwasher. Next week: they'll forget what a dishwasher even does.
What about your life savings?
the first 5 People to come into Joe's today ONLY & Mention this tweet will receive a #FREE Cheezy bread with ANY purchase.
Learn to run and effective two minute offense when its time to up the tempo
Saw a really cool doormat written in French. In France do they have cool doormats written in English?
I can give you tons more details if you'd like cause it's hard with twitter limiting each message to 140 characters haha
Well yeah, the whole team has... But he was in the MVP race last year.
Too bad for CSU, but now rooting for Murray St. I think they have shot to advance another rd. #CongratsCSURams for making it this far!
Send me your resume and contact info and I would be more than happy to discuss!
Be strong, my friends.
New Life Class watching Courageous at 5:00 pm today! #pizza time
“The devil is a better theologian than any of us and is a devil still.” -- A.W. Tozer
Thank you for promoting my sister and her book. She rocks!
Dualities never really agree...they just have a symbiotic relationship..nothing more...nothing less; hence Love and Lust. Peace!
like reptiles.
*Hackneyed statement* looks just right
Cinnamon raisin bread & green tea to cheer me up.
no one cares what happened ... shhhhhhuuutttuppppppp
Deep condition your hair before a color
What is with the "I complete you?" There is but one source of completion for people and that is the Lord above.
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."
forgot about Halloween socks yesterday (was wearing sandals), so I'm wearing them today
:) lol yea maybe that could possibly, most likely. Less likely. Or will happen. Hahaha. Till then. Time will tell
It's Going On Now... Stop By! Http//www.IncredibleNetworking.com
Tax Season Update 3/15. More in, less done. Am waiting for those pesky amended 1099s. Odd how last month it was just the opposite.
I respectfully disagree, but will save this argument for dueling whiskeys.
didn't even notice ! Haha maybe it's cuz ur super quiet
The emergent of 2 creators who contribute to a paper is 3rd "band" that is the combination of the 2 authors
Iwanna go see the vow :*
Interesting avatar by the way, as I don't recall you looking like an egg at all when I met you... Times change I guess...!
Hi Pam - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Always happy to meet a fellow Tuscan Texan!
Any Waffle Houses up your way?
ok I will
Read to a Dog from 3:30-4:30. A dog's 3 favorite things: walks, pets, being read to by you! Bacon is probably in there somewhere, too.
Y'all would see I'm smiling
Yeah Betty!
LOL I know
CBS Chicago has chosen to our event up on their site. This thing is for real. So is your calendar. 26 more days, friends.
im listening! #Saysomethin!
- yeah, GPL not compat with AppStore - the Droid app had to be rewritten from ground* up in java #moodle *(pi:-)
boutta go over GM house
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 55 to 60.
Hahahaha it might as well be called that.
#mad social vs
This House floor debate on repealing a cost-control board in health reform law is heating up. Upton vs. Waxman in round 1.
thanks for the retweet. I hope someday soon we get to meet in person!
follow me?
#noidata viz1: conditional formatting, bar graph, line graph, scatterplot (for continuous values, not for time), pie chart, stacked bars
“: I LOVE YOU haha” awe so sweet!!!!! Follow mee and i will scream and video it and send it to you ;) jk
even out of character do you ever find yourself saying Bayyybe like Gunther? lol
Seeing as how you've got such a sexy body I don't think anyones going to mind at all Bunny! Wowsers!
okay you went a little too far now x)
and now one #Singoff retweet for Sara Bareilles too! “: Aw, man. Our little show needs some love. :( #SAVETHESINGOFF”
he's getting 13 punches from me already :D
Let's have an NL Cy Young to go with that AL award.
she's wanted to make cookies for weeks.
Yay! I don't have jury duty tomorrow!
somebody will be out of a job tonight
Welcome to The ABP Expo! "Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from 1 generation 2 another." G. K. Chesterson
they ae probably whole grain! :P
i took you by the hand, and we stood tall.<3
- 30 minutes into the concert & I damn near passed out. Taken during the Mikwaukee show on 8/14/11.
So true! RT : Klout is so bogus ... you go on vacation & your score drops 20 PTS ... Really?
What's the other game in the Final Four?
THANK GOD IT'S FRIDAY!!!
“: Some people are so poor, all they have is money..”
Well hell yeah I miss my dime piece BIDDIES
“For God so loved the world, that He gave His only Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have eternal life." John 3:16
Homophobia is wrong... homosexuality is wrong... Lets start quoting bible.
Korean Running Sex Ring Nabbed
keep it popping in here
Those little phone calls mean so much <3
But HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone! I'm thankful for all my friends and family for sure. Excited to head to NYC very soon from Philly!
what if the pbl lesson is driven by sudent interests. The "p" in pbl can mean both project and passion
Hitting the road today & tour with Seven Day Sonnet starts tomorrow!! This is what we love! See you all out there!
