CLOSE TO THE UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA
Oh yeah free beer and music at the pre party.
had to turn off 810. He is clueless
Jury Duty?
Go 'head with your bad self. Lol <.<
The world looks so much better when leaves are on trees.
Thank you so much, that's really sweet of you, I appreciate it!!
You still have that Two Guys humor man.
GO FOLLOW GO PLEEAAASSSEEE C':
Sworn Enemy
Seeking more? Grow personally and #follow:
T-minus 13 hours and counting - miles on the trane
I'm really more of a cyclist.
Never ever disclose your networth. Give them a taste. Find out if they are worthy first.
im not usually the first one to start a conversation, i just sit here and if they need me im here.
I shouldn't have let you back into my heart. Disaster waiting to happen.
We can't wait to attend the Smart Tan convention in Nashville this weekend!
RT : Just landed in the Chi! Make you're listening to in the AM.. Gonna be co-hosting the morning show all morning l ...
it's, um. Kind if upsetting and shocking really. The gin stuff. Straight down the drain.
I got a basketball jones. Who looks more like a gangster: Calipari or Pitino?
yes I will. What is email address. Thanks a lot
A win is a win is a win is a win! #Buffaloes playing again on Saturday!!!
Wow! #The Artist is perfection!! Must see!
'Twas a joke! Rest assured, I'm an equal opportunity PDA hater.
The book and cd signing at nubian bookstore is at 5:00. U coming?
thanks for quick help on Xto7. Love what you are doing for FCP X embracers.
Did you win the NHL video game you were playing on Up All Night?
"Life is a balance of holding on and letting go."
It actually feels good to be back sitting in a class.
I really liked that show.
was it an amazing day full of Noodles? ;)
LOL .Betsey Johnson was the last company I figured was going bankrupt. Then again more ppl are price conscious.
my brother put a car smelly thingy mugigy on the door knob to make it smell good...hes such a weirdo, i mean who does dat..haha:)
"a little DAGGA!!!!"
of the mutton kind
Playing a few songs at the bluebird cafe tonight with
but that would mean a great many people would get involved with the movement again!!!
Not yet, but here's hoping!
Stook In Between The Too ... i Really Dont Know What To Do ... Dont Choose The One You Like Over The One You Love -&- GoodNight`
i remember the first time i heard the word BITCH on national tv, i was like Whaaaaaaa i can say it class now!!!
finally back from cape cod :D
My back-up profession: EMT :)
should we use twitter for "library discovery" product user group communications? doubtful since folks like me may ignore it for a month...
Obstacles are great incentives.Jules Michelet
is there any Ginger caramel cookie left?! We'll just have to get more from ;)
The greatest weakness of mankind is its familiarity with the word "impossible"
Kn where she ono you from and this ain't her page anymore
When you love and he doesnt love you back
he swaggin with them #PurpleContacts.!! <3 :-) They Dope As Hell
You don't have much longer till he/she is here yet do you? Do you know what it's going to be? boy or girl??
Who is excited for the and concert at Wednesday & Thursday nights? We are!! :-)
Help us reach 100 followers by next week! Tell your friends and colleagues to follow us for the latest on #Holocaust restitution issues
Burn. And hilariously done. RT : Eating a butterfingers RT : Where is Jermichael Finley?
that's my problem stupid bitch didnt give back anything idk what to do
My penis is so poliet, it stand up when a girl sits down.
Tired of inaction.
All of my songs on my iPod got erased. Why!!!!!
If she couldn't, she wouldn't .. but she can, so she does.
Never give up hope. Know that you are loved.
I can't today(: I'll do it tommorow morning!
The guy that i'm a sound productions asisstant for is ashton kutcher's neighbor...
Is here an optimal order to watch in? I know extensive analysis has been done on the Star Wars series. RT :
Really? Wild. Hardly used it first 6 months.. slow learner RT Today 1 year on Twitter:
Twitter PRO!
Check out the new custom Facebook Fan Page we built for Melloy Dodge of Albuquerque, New Mexico. (www.Facebook.com/MelloyDodgeAlbuquerque)
love what has done with #vegan testimonials. Please share you testimonial
worst mood ever..
Waiting will be the death of me.
It's not even an argument, lol. It's us giving our arguments and them going "LALALALALA THE BIBLE LALALALALA"
RT Senate is taking up resolution commemorating Adam Yauch.
Clear Port Boutique has brought back Lay-A-Way!
A superior just said I have a great email personality-Was complimented at first but now think that may be like a great face for radio.
Vito & Nick's (II) makes frozen pizzas. We'll see how that goes, after that, Fasano's (they ship)! Xmas presents for out-of-solved, I think.
On my way to go sit around an empty house waiting for a fridge to be delivered yaaaaaaaay
So happy I got a mani and pedi today <3
just started using this app too! It's awesome
Remember when they said the cost of acting was far less than the cost of NOT acting? This is what they were talking about.
Boo! RT Crig Counsell says thought has crossed his mind in last 24 hrs but, "I have no plans to play."
no doubt! thank you for the follow back, if you ever need us, holla!
What the heck?!
correct. Tomorrow is quiz 1 and completing the discussion on what is creative? Jake is set to visit (& maybe Tess) too.
These pussy fights on Facebook <<<<
Can I just tell u how ready I am for some new jams in my life?! (You know I'll have to MegaMix this new album when it drops.)
Getting close to album completion. Look out 2012! This is happening!
Can't take that sack. This 49ers pass rush is relentless
Yams Farmers' Market after Giwayen Mata's dance and African Art curator's yam harvest kick off lecture at noon. Join us!
You can easy to download and use it for free! | Runescap For Fun Blog
Thank you fro the follow
It's national high five day! Twitter high five 👋 #StinsonOut cc
": How can I help when you push me away..." *Brings ALEX into my arms* talk to me boy, what's on your mind?(: <3
I wonder if Kmart stores dream about being Target stores.
dwl...no. I luv B too
": i be up all nightt, for noo reason !"/// d.m Dat number ..
Hey, the world needs to know. See, now that's just not true.
She always has to ruin my mood does she
": 403E4CE3" Team blackberry Milwaukee midwest region and worldwide fuck with your ninja we'll chop it up!
Your like the bests friends like family then always someone has to try less and feelings fades and u don't talk to eachother anymore...:/
haha reggie is so legit.
thank you for the comments - much appreciated
All the time": My mama tries to talk to me like she's Dr. Phil"
exactly!! Its like having a conversation on the old Nextel walkie-talkies verses a regular phone conversation.
“We’re born naked and the rest is drag.” — RuPaul (b. 1960), drag diva.
Wipe those tears away. Sending you a *BIG HUG* :). When one door closes another one opens! Hang in there!
I think both luck and rg3 will have good if not great careers but Cam Newton will still be better
Never liked the Shins till now.
Y is that butters from southpark is always getting grounded for realli nuthing
"Fuck the life that you live!! Fuck everything you stand for!!"
I wish my office chair had an ejection seat. Then we could use it...
Follow Back.
#idontlikeyoubecause you communicate with everyone but me
I slept like 4 hours. I wish I was back in bed. :(
Amazing day of business strategy and giggles with How lucky am I to be her accountability partner??
A new freshman class of leaves has arrived on the dark twisted branches we call our woods, turning green now—color of anticipation. -Pastan
#National Margarita Day...I'll take
And I know what to do with it...
I'm gonna tweet at you all the time. Hope you're ready for this.
YES!! “: Go Niners and Cowboys :)”
I love it when the cam crews catch random shots of in the crowd. He's always doing somethin random. But.. Thats why I love 'em
MM said Neal had a knee bruise at first though... :/
My days and nights are mixed up. Crazy how ONE hour messes me up. :)
Back from a fantastic wedding tasting Deeeelish! 3 months and counting...can't wait!
Gone too far --> RT : So now I'm supposed to look forward to #gopher football season? That's just as depressing...
No problem!
hey football head !
Painting a 'happy birthday' baseball- almost done, but can't decide how much more detail to add.
Watching the film with the Striders, doing interviews with 88.9.
Just drove by Springfield High School and it sent chills up my back
“ Some males aint shit but some females ain't either ....the fucked up world we live in”
im going to have a nightmare that im trapped in a merge field. i know it.
I'm prepping my presentation for #TheShutterFoundry tomorrow. #nppa #journalism Coming???
watching big east finals at
whats up my man? when you coming home next
don't you think I'd make a great housewife...for Anderson :P
#AGT what is with this father daughter stuff
it was yesterday , but Thank You babe <3
Wow.. Haven't been on here in a while
Congratulations to all the #CODiE12 award winners last night, especially and !
Coming up on NBC 6: Convincing your kids to abandon a dangerous habit. See my story
Watching "Psycho" for Short History of Film class. HItchcock is my idol!
All this week use the code "BLCKFRDY" and get a 15% off any Tvhead shirt.
Why the fuck can't I sleep!?
“Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty
Putting parallel parking on the new Mercer St
For some insight into Bordeaux wines, visit The Stout Report on TheBlendBlog.com
Awe no worries love!! Keep us posted on your up coming shows too! Gonna be in LA mid june so hopefully we can catch you then
Austin Green Festival Oct 23rd. Eco film festival, studio tour, cycling & Gowalla tours of green projects. FREE...
Early morning working
she really reduced focus on objects, devoted herself to learning. Shelves were a mess (but the kids still read like mad).
Mo b*tch, get out the hay. - Cow
there's always next year for best dressed but you picked some great peeps!
Tx 4 following!
I know. He is so inconsiderate
RT : RIAA's Mitch Glazier: We cherish our relationships with you & we know in this room sits the future of the music industry.
<3 you Matt Barker
no reason to. The skeleton is out...#romney should remain focus on the economy.
oh & get better man you are truly amazing <33
6:10 call time is making me all sorts of tired
Come on rain, please wash this pollen blanket off of Atlanta.
Anxiety could feasibly impair orgasmic function in women via several cognitive processes.
Rt!! Love it:) style segment baby
no way! That's awsome can lie though huge new zeland fan here
Don't apologize for who you are, son.
'SOK. It halfway looks more like a revival meeting anyway. RT : Nah. I lost my motivation...
Looks like Asomugha is going back to the raiders
Jogging Regularly Can Add Years to Your Life
Being the #HappyGoLucky type has it advantages but I dislike it's Disadvantages.
You in my bed.“: What are you guys doing tonight?(:”
Man, I hate cabinets. They're so shelfish
Very cool, that's really good to hear about Red Tails. They had to get this movie right!
I've Been Married To Him For 2 Years Bro! Thatss Right Get Somee
*What my bitch Ally said to our teacher* Who the fuck are you talking to right nowww?! Are you fucking me right now?! Like really bitch..
I wonder if it's possible to be too obsessed with your dog haha
We understand. To each their own. More specifics to follow.
Aw, now I'm blushing.
love me some bourbon. Elijah Craig and Basil Hayden are some of my favs.
Here we go.
- thanks. I want iPads/iPod touch for all students now
my PhD advisor is involved in this study
Looking forward to our volunteer appreciation event tonight! Are you coming?
This #HolyWeek, we are thankful for Jesus' sacrifice and remember that His light guides us and forbids the darkness from overtaking us
maybe. it gets deployed in a lot of places though, from "troll" overdiagnosis to comment policies that ban certain topics
Cats can play the lottery now??!! Sweet!!
Does radio count? I only listen to NPR for news.
Which is your favorite #LasVegas pool to kick back and soak up some rays?
Thanks, We appreciate those kind words.
All is right in the world after last nights win! Now on to great games in the ACC tourney.
Kudos for using Reason in an historical period of its absence.
Yay!!! Another project in the works! Thank you Universe!!!!
not till tomorrow morning. Estimated around 10am, train is running an hour or so behind.
I love this new race they're having ...Who can get the most followers....WOW!! now you can get all you want for $67..are these people nuts
It will be nice once I get it and get up and running with it. So far, it is still in "one day" land :/
Three of my students have emailed that they're sick and can't come to class. Is Anglicana really that scary?
I like the way you brush your hair and i like those stylish clothes you wear
Happy groundhog day!
ITS ABOUT THIS CRREPY MAN WHO WAS SITTING ON THE HALFWALL AT MY GYM TODAY. FOR REALZ.
Good fight
Leaving space for leads
Tons of new stuff at Crafty Goodness...get up here and see! Gifts for Mom and more!
Well that gives you plenty of time for fun stuff!! Hows things with your girl?
Bob Dylan on the jukebox. Perfect ending to a perfect night.
So what's the next step with the screenplay after its finished, gonna try and shop it?
Thanks for asking
lol you know I always do this to fuck with you lololololol
"Don't talk to the neighbors. Thieves want your things. Neighbors want your time. I'd rather give them my things."
flow this morning as USUAL... I WANT THAT GHETTO!!!! QUIT PLAYING SIMP!
D karen_w_brown Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra was founded in 1895 and the Cincinnati Pops was officially founded in 1977.
I just decided I want my Flex map back bc I'm mad at u 4 leavin us.
of course his father earned those. but mitt is not an entirely "self-made man." worth noting. have to go! good talk joe!
Help me welcome to twitter!
yeah,, when the buses are more that 15 min late, we should NOT have to pay! We depend on you but WMATA UR NOT DEPENDABLE!
Watching Eight Legged Freaks. This My Freakin Movie Bro.
it might be. I don't recall any analysis predicting a $122 day high
2nite is 's Eye Of The Hawk #PintNight!! $5 gets yr 1st pint & U keep the glass. $2.50 refills! Runs all day!
nandi im bored you got any ideas
This should've been the rule for your digital camera, miss sunburned ass.
Productivity Tip: Read the manual. In hindsight would have saved so much time.
*spastically grabs for coffee* *cuddles the warm cup and lays back down in bed*
It's true. If you think he's hot I am too. He looks like old pedo.
love that song! One of my favorites to hear Greg sing
First day in Paris. Sun is shining. Had a lovely lunch. Into the Marais tonight.
thank you
We shape our buildings, thereafter they shape us. - Winston Churchill
Héctor lavoe tempranito en la mañana . It's something about those Hispanic roots that make you want to turn on the oldie salsa music<3
yea he missed out on a great show that poor guy lol
Speaking of Monsters . . . | Angel Street Mom
#ThingsBlackPeopleGetArrestedFor dating white girls.
haha I did but u were a little (lot) gone Friday u must have forgot
Couldn't drive straight coming home. Thought I was really tired. Got home and realized it was just really windy outside
FYI the team sheets for Wis and MSU posted on NCAA site are incorrect. They show that the teams have played one another 4 times
Gentry: "Because if you say it’s a must-win situation, then you’re pretty much saying if you don’t win the season is over."
yeah that's how it is!
Miss giving you them back shots girl you remember that.
I love how the VCD kit and bianchi bike do not match in the slightest.
I am waiting to leave work. sigh.
Still nothing... I guess their responses are like their Internet service. Either VERY slow or NON Existent ;-)
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
miss you man
Seeing you differently. Changed my mind.
this is a wonderful use of technology...
hey you... your so fucking cute, okay bye #(:
What? Somebody is gonna betray her? :O
I love my teammates
Woke up with #portlandia on my mind, someone give me #Stumptown and #voodoodoughnuts!!!!
Final class , getting mix ready for wed
lol, idk. Like most people think she turned into a ... Now.
The game has end lol
Come out to Rice Park and enjoy this beautiful weather and sunshine! Hail Carnival!
how wonderful; then you must do the Mallaig trip! And they'll love the Edinburgh castle!
This storm is freaking me and my dog out!
If I can smell your body odor from across the counter, it's time for you to shower.
So, so lame.
ah!!! Ben! We need to Skype him again!!
Please donate your $10. or more today. Blue Martini Kendall is tomorrow. JOIN US 4 live music and lots of fun!! www.docit1.org
take out throwing knives in infection it takes the fun out of the game and makes it 5 kills long
I don't know, but I'm not happy about this at all! :(
Have fun! give that a hug for me please!
where have you been?? :)
So sleepy it's not normal and I can't even Sleep >.<
Got my prom dress :))
going to the dells for mothers day weekend. Me and Ethan. Treat to myself, cause every mothers day has been horrid
Weird request, but who knows. Anyone have access to the script from the movie Stand By Me? I need to see how a scene was written.
Chimera is ugly as fuck, but he is quick as shit.
I don't think I'll ever understand why girls fuck over good guys n guys fuck over good girls?.. N I don't understand the point of allergies.
Acceptance with one's peers often becomes a more powerful incentive than orthodoxy. (Sam Storms)
why even bother? The douchebaggery of UL fan never ceases to amaze me.
Two new clients today. Great day. Announcements soon enough.
How is earnhart jr doing
How many teams out there have a guy like #Tomlin in the 3-4 spot?
Need cash for clothes? Email for details on consigning summer clothing and accessories at an upcoming event.
if harbor town or midtown sound as good to you as they do me, then YES :)
mistletoe is a nice song :) I love listen to it. ;)
sent ya a couple DM's.
thanks dude! Maybe we can make it up there one day!
I know Michael but I just feel like it x)
I just wanna kiss somebody right now. Under the moonlight.
This town was built to remind me of all my mistakes.
it was a joke so smoke a blunt n chill k blood?
why must we be so awesome?
You can only say "Kobe looks really sick" so many ways. This broadcast team has covered all of them. Twice.
Yes! Go
The rain has stopped! Excited for my last long run before the race. I never thought I would see the day where 12-miles was considered easy!
you should sing Just So You Know by Jesse McCartney :)
Final trailer in 12 days!
Loved reading them! Poetry is a secret vice of mine. Thanks so much for sending. :)
#DodgerFam...wrking on a NEW segment for my show...if you could ask anything to your favorite current Dodger...what would you ask?? :)
You're only cool if you have silly bands. 2011: Planking is boss. 2012: HEY! Let's all choke on cinnamon"
Thinking of changing my name to Davin "Old Hoss" Wilfrid for next week, to accompany my backslapping American ways in London
Hello Austin! I love you!
You too--love to find new tweeps!
total beers to be consumed at Minnesota games?
I do LOL RT : you want mine to bring you some lol ;)
I'd really, really like to be that victim.
He did! I suspect it wil be a regular spot! :) How was MM?
Love Heidi's turquoise necklace!
May 2nd 9 day and May 3 9 week eve. salesperson real estate classes coming up! WWW.TUCKERSCHOOL.COM! Get your license with Tucker!
I totally get it. These ppl r a-holes but not stupid. Mags are filled with ads for diet pills 2. Distracts fr higher goals.
Sleep is probably one of the most hardest things to achieve in my life...
Wow, that was incredible. #Grammynoms Who was watching? Tons of tweets. Thanks everyone!
go follow my real account
“: You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't rob a bank. That's a felony. #antijoke”
wahhhh i miss the old insights :(
Question: What is the greatest lesson you have learned from a teacher?
Im so exhausted
does that mean no tickling?
"The biggest gap in our lives is, what we know and what we do with what we know."
Reds or Indians?
what? you're gonna walk around the house and look at yourself in the mirror all day? ;)
Each time I speak with my mom, she tells me I should marry She has good taste! Too bad he's taken.
Featured Bit - Shats R Us. Hear it at www.freekshowradio.com
Look like dnt nobody like me no
mummy, stephen, and I decided i'd come over next weekenndd
Raven! Please come to the premiere of Una Noche which is in competition at Tribeca! The film was shot entirely in Cuba!
You following me is pretty much impossible... RT and follow if you noticed :)
I followed!(:
I don't have warranty anymore though, how much do I have to pay?
all in all a very good day for this chap..a successful interview and fun lunch with a new friend..yep, its a Scotch night
Plaque on pets teeth is invisible to the naked eye.
know it's not true! good luck
Hey, did something happen to your follower count? I'm not sure how I "unfollowed," but fyi it wasn't me.
Thanks!!! Mwah!
SB 1530 (Padilla) passed to Senate Appropriations, will all Committee members present voting in support. Some amends were made, tho unclear.
oh word! Apple care!
Jesus loves me this I know, for the Bible tells me so..
That moment when a spider lands on you and you instantly become a ninja.
i know..& it's stupid.
Grant committee just approved grants for two teens to receive piano lessons!
i think you need to play #SaySomethin on B96 AGAIN!! <3 im in the car and wanna listen to it!(:
Ha, it wasn't crazy by any means. The extras were pricey though, of course.
"Da do da do da do you believe in magic?" - "Why yes, I do that is in the bed."
I think the ultimate act of revenge that would bring the greatest amount of satisfaction would be cuming in his food and watching him eat it
the art of beer is Thursday though!
Welcome to #SportingKC, !
what u got goin on today
Why not focus on knowledge instead of time as the principle idea of education? -
I used them last year. I am not in the classroom this year but will take the survey based on previous experience if that will help
Worst experience so far to date at the lake Watched people walk in and get seated before me after 1/2 hour wait. rude hostess.
Who would like to take me to school tomorrow morning? :) I'll pay cash money ;) no joke.
I believe!!! RT : I can't wait till A.J. Burnett wins game one of the World Series for the Pirates
you are too amazing for mere words. Thats all I can say. I can spend the rest of my life telling you how wonderful you are.
#edulive apparently we're all narcissistic idiots for sharing too much- generational viewpoint difference? How to teach students to be safe?
Ha! I see everything ... lmao, You're NOT slick :0
congrats on Remix....keep expanding your empire.
So it seems to be happening just as it did with MySpace, I am moving over to Twitter. Not completely, at least...not yet...
is on the laptop now, us cellular is gonna kick my ass!!!!!
Finally checking out Going with the Otis Oatmeal Stout.
GOOD Morning, hope you have a good day (: !!!
Sitting down to watch a ryan gosling love story alone with a bottle of cab sauv. And you thought 1) I was str8, and 2) emo was dead.
me i want a dollar and 35 cents
I feel relief.
Enjoying being different......
I will tweet you when I'm around.
You absolutely should not! You have a baby to spoil! They are cute though, huh?!
Y.B.Y.S.A.I.A Yea Bruh You Stank And I'm Appalled
I love kids but ah they get on ever nerve I have!!
I was gonna say Alan Mulally, but you were my next guess
Think it'll work? It would take a miracle.
With the cold-front coming, Chi Fests will be less and less. SO make sure to check out the #CoyoteArtFestival this weekend 9/30-10/2
#Church RT : Stop trippin off of/hatin on ppl you don't even know. Especially on fb &amp; twitter.
had a really great time at your show! U were amazing, too bad i didnt get to meet u! We waited outside a long time for u :'/
me too. I hibernated!
Agreed. Like Siemens' slide detailed, depends on purpose and desired outcomes.
FUCK YEAH! Finally got the CD!!!!! I LOVE IT! <3
Haha! Yes, just me being facetious :)
I am inspired by the trails and tribulations that my foreparents endured to give me a chance to be successful.
Would you like to get paid for coffee, tea, or hot cocoa? Get paid to use soap and toothpaste as well. 646 519 5860 Code: 64630# at 1&9 EST
Where do you get that shirt you ask???
Im not cosigning lol.....we was there from 7ish in the morning til 11...! && why you wanna see the both of us.?
My nose keeps running and then I was thinking to myself this blows and instantly started to laugh I am such a #dork sometimes.
midnight session.. back to the lab
Well...it is snowing in Boston! This probably won't be the only status about that either haha...
The worst is over folks! Brooklynites dealing with the Irene aftermath now..People out in Coney Island are relieved it wasn't a lot worse.
Have a great time tonight!! We'd love you to share your pics!
North America Switch Market Review - TTI MarketEye (blog)
Gay ja vu - when you see two different gay guys who look exactly the same.
Lakers are going to roll tonight!
I see!! Lol I'm driving to long beach tomorrow
i cant drive past a target without going in
Mazel Tov! RT : My voice just made its cable news debut.
Guh! I was referring to your earlier tweet about the show you're seeing and the company you're keeping tonight.
Woke up to the best text ever :)
yep thats the way to be shawty
: Happy New Year darlin'! May 2012 turn your dreams into reality. =)
is challenging all the High Point Christian school kids in chapel to honor God by encouraging their friends and family today!
You're joking RT : This nigga said 'what's trap or die' -_-
but did you spread it all over your boobs? That's the important question here…
Watching and amazed. I must see humpback whales one day!
Hey remember. the old days. here on Peoplestring
They give you your soul back if you drop out. Mine's pretty beat up, even after less than a year, but it still works
thank you!!
Like your link as well
whoever calls me back first wins a high five! Ready.... GO!
�I think you sound like an angel, and everyone else sounds like demons.�
Started reading Angels & Demons. It's very interesting so far... I just hope it stays scientific.
Lol thank you :/
5 days to go before Talkbiznow.com solves the online advertising problem of placement - don't miss out!
Finished revisions. Next week final read through b4 back to agent!
yeah, you know who my people are? You guys. Because you're great!
Unfortunately I have gotten very out of touch with new FB changes and developments these last few months - so sorry girl.
Grand Slam!!!
Music Marketing 101 - Artists & Musicians: Go where you're Celebrated, not Tolerated.
What classes did you have to take to be an EMT?
kinda like the ho that posted the lyrics to One Thing on Facebook. Bitch please lol Xx
hahaha I love you
With Brook Lopez out, would you start Marshon Brooks over either Jason Richardson or Afflalo? Thanks!!
#DontYouHateWhen you finally have the best hiding spot in Hide N' Go Seek but then all of a sudden.... Damn I gotta piss
thanks babe!
Me either! RT : Can I please get an Ipod instead of a stereo? My heart ain't feelin' this.
Another grass fire wetmore and Nacogdoches in San Antonio
Except when they move to poor, shanty houses in timbuktu
"These shorts are for a younger person, wouldn't you say?" Thursday nights on NBC this fall
No way really?
Raisins, apples, dates, prunes, figs, pineapples are excellent sources of fiber and potassium and are fat-free.
Okay! I'll send you the updated artwork today. You're allowed on your email right?
i am solving this right now!
Im gonna film today! If my allergies cooperate with me today!
Fave Kelly Kapoor line 2 Ryan remains "I have a question...how dare you?" We say it all the time in my Office.
Thought the wind would blow my car off the road on the way home tonight.
haha I know:( they might get lucky if Barcelona doesn't score soon though
Hard Work does, when luck doesn't.
That and I was having connectivity issues :-) so I stopped posting!
oh hey and what happen cuz u have changed like ur a diff person literally
A lot of ppl may not like my choices but I make them for a reason, its all apart of a plan
When you sign on to something, there will be issues of trust, deep trust, the way the members of a string quartet have to trust one another.
Live your truth & BE the vocation that you're called to do.
#MondayConsoleTypos - "bungle install"
Steve and are at the Euclid Tavern in CLE all nite for comedy then Karaoke! Come have some fun! Caricatures tonite too
Friday the 13th, Rain, Wind, Thunder, Lightning, Snow! Cold & Blustery out there...Be safe. Can u believe 80's by Tues?
oh I gotcha I respect that, got to avoid the drama. Smart thinkin
HAPPY BDAY MINES TOMORROW :-)
following that blue dream
Tickets available for sale NOW on www.whatsfunnylive.com for the BLIND, CRIPPLED & CRAZY TOUR!!!!!
some days you're the dissenter some days you're the door
Attending talk now by President and CEO of the Skoll Foundation Sally Osberg. She is addressing social entrpreneurship. Amazing!
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ? 4
Curly hair tomorrow? I think so. :)
Just got Rita's w/ my babe ❤
Colts took Chris Rucker.
I think we can do better. :-p
Two feet of snow, two feet of snow! Come on, everybody now! especially you !
The prospect of sassy salsa has blown the clouds away. It's a come as you are class so get your sass in gear - 6:30-7:30p!
thanks for the add! im digging your music : )
you little tweeter
that's exciting can't wait !
#3WordsForYou I'm not her
This form auto-complete just turned my address to "Hard Drive." Ok, universe, you're hi-LA-rious
if you make your self look like an idiot your value depreciates.
Hey, we can kind of agree with that.
Good morning hope everyone had a great weekend. Welcome back to Monday.
Mr.D's painting is a proud user of Dunn Edwards paints for all of our painting projects. Call today for a free estimate www.mrdspainting.com
BTW, when I say lots of Russia-related material, I do mean lots. The woman apparently saved evverything that she ever touched.
so much.. he's in my econ class -_-
you're not the person that I knew back then
Ima pick somebody and visit them tonight. I doubt I'll be able to sleep.
aye, check your DMs please ?
You can have people search your vid in the search bar and smash your vid. The next competition starts tomorrow.
My mommy
If you're hunky and you know it clasp your hands.
Dont’t fall in love with someone you can live with, fall in love with someone you can’t live without.
fresh dressed.......sike
Thx 4 Fllwg All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
LETS GET IT
your lip is busted?!
I thought the same thing, but it lets you modify your pics to look way cooler
It is surprisingly loud around here today!
Got my Krispy Kreme fix this morning :) this has become my morning routine this week!
And I, for one, am glad you are, ! Where have you been?
Thanks. Sorry for the misinformation & on is tomorrow, not tonight!
lots of work, and some hanging with friends. I'm back at Gamestop. How've you been dude?
Today I'm doing work I've not done since high school. It's interesting but it's hurting my poor eyeballs.
RT : Tip for blogging: Get organized. Create a blogging calendar guides you as you plan out upcoming posts and topics....
lmao! the truffle shuffle! awesome!
I told a joke on an elevator...........it worked on so many levels.
we work together now nigga >=) lol
Essentially: "Well, these chicks were sending me nude pics. It would be rude not to send one back!" A true gentleman's junk pic policy.
yay, im glad ;] love u too! just ignore those people
have a great lunch!
An average American, in a lifetime, will spend an average of 6 months waiting at red lights.
text me 9192475638
Im buying 20 mega millions tickets. So what?
Bill Clinton...sort of.
Happy Fathers Day
Thanks for the inclusion.
me+food=romantic date for two
I'm not sure when the phrase "Clown-housing" became part of my design critique language, but I like it! "That looks too clown house-y"
you asking me out on a date or is this another dig on the HGB? ;)
Hiring a 3rd guitar and/or piano teacher for my mobile teaching studio. Good money, training provided. Contact if interested.
You been keeping up with StuuDxThuuD?
follow me and make me smile please you teach me never say No you teach me the dream will come true if you believe in him
The Milwaukee Youth Council will be focusing on job creation for youth tomorrow. Questions/Comments use hashtag
Hmm Kristen Bell maybe?
Watching Seed of Chucky.
Mediatakeout is reporting that Odom is hooking Kobe up with Kim Kardashian. I would say Kobe is an upgrade from Kris Humphries
Lame! Blaming the victim when your manufactured cause is involved in ~1% of pedestrian crashes. Car culture kills pedestrians!
Juliet my hear broke tho </3
hey i hope u feel better
National Lab Day Seeks to Leverage Hands-on Learning to Broaden Science's Appeal: Scientific America www.scientificamerican.com
All I can think about when I hear QC Prophets is "Game don't start yet" being yelled from the bleachers of Assembly Hall
Most children threaten at times to run away from home. This is the only thing that keeps some parents going. ~Phyllis Diller
So happy to be out of apple hell taking a spin on the evo instead. Ah yes, I can feel the android refreshment now!!!
. (and ) on The Colbert Report!
One direction is famous because of their looks not their talents
Mary Gentle's The Black Opera: a librettist in 1820s Naples must write an opera in six weeks to keep Satanists from erupting Vesuvius. LOVE!
so very sleepy today!
It was great! Thanks for asking! :D How are you doing?
You're too good to me, ;)
I've come to the conclusion that everyone in Reno is still sleeping in preparation of "green" activities tonight. BE SAFE! ^jl
I'm a man of many surprises. RT : I can't belive ur doing birkram! Never would have thought
Being awake at 4 am is never good when you have to be up early the next day...
i fucking love the royal couple, im obsessed.
Great to be back in the office. WSWA was an incredible show this year. Our Cigar Cabana was a hit. Can't wait for the show next year in ORL.
dam im bored my,game needs to hurry up
I would love to! 12:30? You name the place.
I saw izzy was on so i decided to get on.lol. -Shelby
RT : Dear mother nature, i'd like to cancel my monthly subscription...sincerely, 100% of all women.♥
i hate school SO fucking much.
I miss you more
is updating my Bella Ragazza line (childrens jewelry). Whimsical Fairies and Secrete Garden, Mood Bracelets and boys items coming soon!
I am gonna give the Mains new album a chance right now:) gonna see if anything catches my attention
I 100% approve
thank you for following me, look forward to following your tweets as well. Ed
Haha how many bass players does it take to change a lightbulb? One, but the guitarist had to first show him how to do it. It's joke day!
do you think I can at least go to bed or do you think something will go down tonight?
followd ya can I get a follow back pretty please
Tonight The Top Shelf's Garage. Scarlett's Web.
Thankful today is over, let's just see what nightmare I go into on Thursday
#Timeline is a place that I am proud to call my home #f8 ... allowing users to express their unique personality
lmfao oh yes, definitely!
im bored so entertain me (:
Reason can lead humans to perfection and to a heavenly existence on earth....Locke
you are to me tho...
Goin to downtown sd!!
happy Mother's day Mommy u are the best mom ever LOVE U<33
This snow does not feel magical enough.
I was a blast in a glass tonight. would be proud.
Mardy Fish is knocked out if the Aussie Open! Roddick will have to step it up for the Americans.
The containers we use are 100% recyclable. The Earth matters to us, and we know it matters to you!!
hope you feel better
Thanks to and for the RTs
of course! I'll inbox you tonight so you know what's going on :)
Working out with Megan = success :)
I shouldn't care but this makes me sad.
RT : Jamie Moyer... 49 years old... 0 ER in 7 IP... oldest pitcher to get a W in MLB history... epitome of a great competitor!
Lovely Skyping with my gal , glad to know you're here for me and same for you too!!! :)
Praveen Madan says, wouldn't it be nice to up current% of people who read a book after high school from 50%?
We love letting our supporters meet the many families they help...nothing like showing them where their money goes!
it's subjective. Might be slanderous/libelous to post a photo of someone and call them a creep on a site like that.
”I hate money but love to make money” #shoutout to for a #hiphop classic!
Just copped this new phone... Its too sick
Driving a loaner car. 13 storage compartments at front seat. I guess I should travel with more stuff.
Deerhoof... You did it again. Wtf?:)
I told papa I was ready for church but I'm in bed tweeting.
Because Gaby was there to take it already. Don't charge so hard if you aren't going to make that play.
When I actually get a text when I say text it
Clay Aiken in the house!!!
Wish I had someone to spoil for Valentines day #
Phew. Just did a word search in my book manuscript and it doesn't appear.
Andy Paul wrote a terrific book, "Zero-Time Selling"; I read it, loved it, and I think you will, too. Order a copy today!
My family came over for dinner(:
it's out already!?!?
It's game time! Outdoor game. Time for some old school to get pumped. Tribe call Quest - lets go.
We find it appropriate that Judge Sumi would continue her misguided hearings on April Fools Day. Enjoy it while you can, elitists.
happy birthday!!!
floor likely has no control over the situation but im playing scoops instead too
Partying later with & #watchoutworld #hereiam (bridesmaids reference)
Curtis Granderson is a fucking stud
Tired of all this...
Still can't get over it. Miami of Ohio!!!!!
Damn Artest I felt that here in DC!!
what it do fam
omg. We are definatly best friends.
Should be another busy day Ready or not here we go.
My wish is for to follow me!!?:)
going shopping at the market for some sexy foods... what's your fav food to bring to the bedroom? giant dildo veg? chocolate? whipped cream?
amen sista! It happens less and less. I think they sense the desperation ;)
“If it ain't broke, don't fix it' is the slogan of the complacent, arrogant or scared. It's an excuse 4inaction" - ColinPowell
is that url right?
just joining twitter!
We won the best mask contest!
The beautiful thing about dreams is they have no expiration date. They stay alive as long as you want them to.
who are these people following me??
i just think its wierd and pathetic. Asking for a follow? and "2kewl4skewl"? Wow
Thanks for following! , , and for the retweet
Anchoring RocCity We're talking w/URMC nurse about new study that shows kids more likely to dev autism if their mothers r obese.
Thanks for the props!
On my way to improv class. Let's hope it's a good one.
Is this an infomercial!?
I love going to mommy atm
Listen here girl >>>No Cuffin<<
omg I did the same exact thing to my phone this weekend
craig's quote of the day: "I should just start wearing a camera on my head."
#Shabbatshalom to everyone. Hard to believe we arrived for #TribeFest a week ago. Was great to see everyone
You keep telling me you love me, but I want you to show me.
Welcome, Boswell and scribe.
According to , 52 desk appearance tkts and 34 held for arraignment (disorderly conduct to assault on an officer)
Our lips are sealed...
Going there now to look for middle school ideas! Thx so much!
kisses very hot, i would love to kiss her LOL ♥
We are starting to get all the snow here in Chicago!
Staff at Imboden Creek Gardens just ate cicadas to raise money for Alzheimer's. Check out our report tonight at 6pm on WAND!
Broke my hand when I fell last week.
Thank you! And God Bless! :)
Judge rereading portions of jury instructions.
OHIO 4 teams in the Sweet 16. 2 here locally in Cinti!
great! Hugs!
LOS SUNS!
better be
Sometimes, I think I am the funniest person on earth. I really crack myself up. hm
Mumf doin This Tim Tomorrow with the Kinks? Noice!.
Tonight- Boulder S'Wedge - CRITICAL THEORY - Hip-hop - 8PM
Ha! Bro, if I did I'd be there with you! HST is the man!
Welcome to our new follower
Oh indeed. Fun to see those I did, hearbreaking those I didn't.
HA. You wish. I'm out of your league
All you have to do is stand still and look stupid
and kept bragging about it
the special beet and ramp salad is offered in all of our new york locations - we think it is delicious as well!
you know you've got it bad when your trying to sing "Call me maybe" but it comes out "Call me crazy" haha #210Takeover :D
no. I don't really know. Haven't seen the bracket
CHINA MONEY-Selling blue-chips will take more than low PEs
": If your headline sucks I'm not reading your blog."
Diet tip: Eat a chocolate bar before each meal. It'll take the edge off your appetite, and you'll eat less.
Im tryin to build my clientele to where I dont have to work and can just go to school...wishful thinking
RT : shut your trap RT : Man u females basketball watchers is the reason behind this right now-Haha
Let's do it again -jboog
“: “: I'm glad you only text me when your bored. #littleshit” when do you text?” how's the food poisoning
Just noticed "dime president" is the last thing I searched in google. Means I was getting murdered in trivia by last night.
BYU will come back and win this game, dont doubt Jimmer!
<----- everyone go follow her I am trying to help her out so just follow :)
2012 Fantasy Baseball Analysis: Comparing Josh Reddick and Gerardo Parra - Opposing Views
that's deep
Omg I'm retarded
coming to see u in Orlando
I'd say midnight is as good a time as any to throw out everything I've written for this 10 am deadline and start over.
"So is it going to be easier to do it in a new univ or expect our existing univ to comp change?" Does our gov know USF has an eng school?
RT : Take care of yourself & you will be taken care of.
hahaha when I first saw your profile picture i laughed for 10 minutes and I still don't know why:D
happy birthday beautiful lavvvvv
She's coming to my town for a book signing you should come here and I'll take ya
Not even the part where you insisted we reenact chapter 10 of "50 Shades Of Grey?"
try an image search on st. agatha.
Worked out w/ some cardio & yoga (yes yoga, don't judge me...that ish is hard!). Walked Pharaoh. Cleaned up. Now time to get ready 4 tonight
I perused the medicine cabinet today and pondered why anyone would choose regular over Extra strength Gas-X...
So appreciated!!! Can't wait for you to see Mequon;)
Rachael, enforced by coercive measures
yo man, rock on
#SouthFlorida! Embroidered polos, printed tees, uniforms, logo design, promotional products - www.shirtguydirect.com - our mobile site is up
good morning :)
Hey George!!
RT : Reviewers should be cultivated and have guidelines based on the nature of the specific communities. J.Bardzell
Of course!! ;D
WELP looks like it didn't work.....this time thank God. But they are still in their think tanks
#Aztec Baseball has won 4 straight games! During their streak they have amassed 29 runs, 42 hits, and 25 rbi's.
Thank you, for following!
My pandering for followers is 15 followers short right now.
I wish that everyone would just stop playing the victim and take responsibility for their actions. Is that to much to ask for?
Is it becoming mandatory that vocalists in bands have to own clothing lines now!?
Just finished reading Jesus Land, by Julia Scheeres. So good, so heartbreaking.
wish you were here!
RT It's still legal to fire someone for being Gay in 29 states in U.S. But not in Mass.There, Romney will just make you quit.
im just a dude livin life to the fullest nephew.
has emotions n ties n certain feelings. Sex is just sex. They would be considered "quickies "...
#ncaafinals UK all the way!
'who do you think you are, running round leavin' scars.' _jar of hearts
thanks for the RT!!
not possible.
Pftt... Thank you very much Mr. Practical. :) Maybe Santa has one in his bag for me. I've been REALLY good!
Never would have guessed going into this weekend that I'd be so eager for #SPARQL 1.1 to be widely implemented.
Well hello there my fellow fabulous NJ gal :-) hope all is splendid.
oh well
lol Kk I gtg I'm taking a shower
Somewhere a meter maid is ruining someone's morning.
Seriously the help sucked. Bridesmaids is 1000000 times better
thanks gee <3
PSA: it is not true that cats always land on their feet.
I'm so brown I satisfied my craving for spicy food by eating flammin hot fries. If only there was a subsitute for rice.
Thanks; it's been... busy.
Might you know of a local band called 'Imagineers'?
Your source for unfinished Brazilian Hardwood Flooring & Decking.
totally agree haha
Malibu's most wanted is dat movie # aint seen dis movie n ah minute
Okay, second interview done. I think it went really well too! It's always nice when you click with the person interviewing you, it was fun.
: The New Economy will be a Metropolitan economy.
We enjoyed it! Keep tweeting! MT : #FulbrightEnrichment DC team, thx 4 an awesome social media presentation: keep wired!
Don't get mad at me your sister follows me on twitter
It is a beautiful glorious morning in the nation's capitol. Only a one day trip, but it's a great day to be here.
would love specifics about what's inaccurate and would love to read a smart alternative if you've got one. :)
Sounds great! How did it go?
makes great pillow like he makes great beats
Thats crazy. Wish I could do that race.
Man I love taking a cold shower after track practice on a hot day like this. Feels like I'm diving into a pool
homeguuurrll take me to arlington so I can find James Franco c; lolol
You're looking for answers everywhere except within. Learn to master self-realization
1st gen students AND scholars often enter the academy to serve their communities. Dissatisfying bait & switch when academy tells them not to
Tacos and bookies. Dong
just got done killing zombies hahaha listening to Avenged Sevenfold til i fall asleep !!! :) :)
IT'S NOT ACTUAL FISH OMDG
Randy Wells is trending and Derrick Rose is not.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. -David Frost
is your mom?! I didn't make that connection! Def bring her in for the shake
buy a track and record vocals for free at , DM me for details
Planning to watch "The Age of Stupid" on Friday night at the Center of Light - Milwaukee at 7:30PM. Be inspired to save our world!
u already know
I'm obsessed with Bond #9's new fragrance Madison Avenue... love it!
Out with the old and in with the new.
Just found Tenderloins Podcast on Zune! Subscribed right away, great stuff!
Hm....we agree!
Yeah, the old ways are coming. The choke out had me shook until I realized it was probably a dream.
Those moments where you want to scream really loud and break something.
; That Ratchet School , Lolss .
Can u check the mail please
AWESOME listening to you for the 1st time at #TAOM. Thx esp. for sharing about I'll nvr again track hits like an idiot :)
what have I done with my first day not having swim practice I ran 3.5 miles instead of doing hw.
I THINK I HIT THE PICK 4
you can also confirm the genuine players on as well - when they get round to having a twitter account :)
Hey! I am following you.
Recommend: Nov. issue of Smithsonian. There is a fascinating article by Ralph Frammolino titled "A Goddess Goes Home".
-- - I know that prob sounds silly, but it's something we're mindful of. :(
I'd be interested in presenting on Explore Baltimore Heritage at some future MHCC meeting if that might be welcome.
: Happy Birthday Bro!!! From the Show Stoppaz Family!
lizzie mcguire movie 💜
Anyone wanna come with me to Cinci tonight??
eat fresh.
A Chance to meet you and the Boyz ♥
UPDATE: Tonight's holiday gathering has been cancelled as I'm headed to the ER for chest pains & breathing problems (doctor's orders).
I thought you said you were spending the day with your boyfriend?
Thanks Katie. :)
MY CARDS FINALLY WON TODAY?!
No kidding. People just don't have respect for others anymore.. They only care about themselves.
this day! it's so busy!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Hey you! Was great seeing you as well. Always awesome (though it's too infrequent) hanging with you my friend!
our convos are the best
Way to ruin things ! Now my mammogram business is back to 0 customers.
your welcome! Thank you for writing such an enjoyable piece.
Saw some great examples using interactive digital whiteboard app ShowMe in #slbootcamp breakouts! Nice job, everyone!
I've been good. Going hard in G+ I got almost 8k follower. And GSK... wow. outdid himself on it. 10/10.
I am dead ur tweetin my ghost lol nah i know what u been up to??
thank you(:
Makes you want move to Southern California. Life is not bad.
"Though I expected students to dislike the electric shocks, they reported feeling gratified by the close attention they received."
Waiting on at Circle Center Mall. This place just really doesn't change. Not good, not bad, just is.
Hey #edcampCincy peeps! We have sold 50 tickets. Three weeks before edcampCincy 2010 we had only sold 30! Woot!!
. Isn't that actually three things?
RT i agree. if SM outcomes were measurable, someone would be making a lot more $$ right now
LOL Word! I'll email some wings over ASAP
thanks! We learn from masters like you!
Bitch , Your baggage ain't mine too carry ! Get outta here . >.<
Another day at the #thehellhole they call school
I'm almost in my 30's so I gotta put that work in NOW
It's been a crazy few months, but I'm looking fwd to connecting tonight at the #smcchicago holiday party & refocusing on social media again!
Coach McCarthy doing a live PC today?
its such a boring night! |:
I can't decide who wears more ridiculous T shirts, kids or adults...
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, “Submit to God and be at peace with him; in this way prosperity will come to you. Accept...
Laundry at our house is a constant, daily chore. Like doing the dishes. It never freaking ends.
#raw10 met a Guy, who went 2 his wife drunk wit lipstick on his neck n pants! She Crazy glued his shaft 2 his leg. After hrs, nail polish wk
or girl underwear... ;)
So excited to work w/ Maureen Cooper at Goliath Promotions!!
I know how u feel! ur daughter is so cute! she looks just like u! (great job thursday!) I still have a sore throat!
"The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time." Bertrand Russell
Don't cry for me when I'm gone. Just put a quarter in the jukebox and sing me home.
lmfaooo goodbye :p
Judkins carpet liked this
You are?(: of what?
What a fun way to start the day!
LOL! RT : I can't be there, but sounds like it's in my honor! RT : #sangria #Sunday 50% off pitchers of sangria!
Omg this lighting is scary:( my whole room lihts up rlly bright!! Ah, reception is going down!!!
we love you more for expressing what all humans need to know. Thanks!
the Memphis is good
good day Tuesday is good for me :)
Thank you. Great webinar. I look forward to digging into the functionality deeper.
Looking forward to it!
John Laurinaitis Sucks!
Ah. This is the weather I was looking forward to for SXSW. Added benefit is that it's luring people out of the convention center.
Pass the ibuprofen, please. It's going to be a long night.
I'm bored
the #USASF is so dumb. i swear if they change the rules for sure..
Quote of the day: The more original a discovery, the more obvious it seems afterwards
Watched "Missrepresentation" tonight w/ watch & let's make a change.
Everyone, come to 12th and Porter tonight at 6 to see ! Great music, no cover!
Gearing up for a busy day tomorrow. Spending the day with my fellows and then getting dolled up for the Gala!
Love the Zepplin re-entry
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
*LRB = London Review of Books, askers
A lot of good music out right now! Can't stop listening to it!
Thanks! So glad to hear, come back soon!
- will do! Same to you!
no problem hearing/seeing you ! thanks for this #soctech!
What is the best place for wings in #mke?
Morning to you. Another beautiful sunrise in Denver!
Kinda nervous about my first day tomorrow.
I have zero desire to get any tattoos
The one day I really just don't feel like doing anything I have to work.. of course.
when I accept friends on FB I make sure they don't have shoe ads
I really hope KOBE gives the team a tongue lashing in the media to jump start their hearts .... SMDH damn shame he never has consistent help
Not feeling the best :/ Watching the new Punk'd!
u go girl!
In #poker and #blackjack (or any game that's not #craps or #roulette) you can't "nice hand" or "nice hit" your own hand!
hah same here victor!! Hah your a beast!!!
Love your profile quote!
we love you too buddy!!
Its hot under the cover..but cold not bein under it:/
Holy crap guys. Justin Bieber's Never Say Never is actually a genuinely good movie. Seriously.
Looking for #gapyear #travel ideas? Check us out we have added some new and exciting tours around the #USA #student discounts special offers
RT : Humility gives us both the willingness to change & the vision to make the changes we need to make.
“: hilary remains overrated because people don't want to let go of their childhood.”!!!!!!!!!
see ya when you get back!
we all will be happy>>> RT ": If the Lakers lose tonight tho... Smh"
Home sales are increasing in price as the economy is showing increasing signs of improving.
A full day of exam prep for the Series 6 financial securities FINRA license. At least the weather's great!
Absolutely cannot listen to music while doing academic writing or reading. I pay too much attention to the music.
C.J. Watson: NOT. SMART.
Since when do Bahama Bucks spoons change colors???
A good time for new beginnings.
Is u still scared of a Chihuahua?Follow me,n follow u
don't make fun of that young lady
Thank you for supporting Purple Door and local businesses!
So much fun shredding the powder up at Stevens tonight... Slowly becoming an addiction!
great meeting you at the Summit yesterday. Also great fun connecting with the most active citizens in the District.
Leaving for Ohio today. Cedar Point tomorrow! Txt the cell. :)
-i swear i jst made bout 5 new great friends this weekend: & in only 48 hrs we then laugh, cry. And almost died together... Lbvs
going through the same thing, This guy Zac lied to me to get into my pants, made me fall 4 him then started acting like a jerk.
Did you smoke a cigar too?
-Hi Dolls!! I need to pull from you asap! Sending you an email now, for a FUN music video w/ !! xox
Good morning .
Do you love a good blog? Then check out these tweeps for #FollowFriday - (via )
Doing a Movie tonight!!! ME & shotta luv my son...
My mom just told me she wants one of those "Cute little phones that will talk to you."
thanks for buying that black hoodie!!! It looked pretty badass! Love the pic ;)
haha I got you!
Wish I could wear my starwars shirt tomorrow. But I sold it to platos last week. For lunch money. Grrr
Listening to RADIOHEAD….does this make me a middle aged man?
What an incredibly blah evening. I graded all day and I am feeling a little under the weather. So many more topic papers to grade. Bah!
Especially when/because the conversations never move toward solutions.Arguing does EXACTLY what the powers that be hope to accomplish
RT : Rangers win, 3-1, to take a 1-0 series lead against the Capitals.
CALLBACK: Alex (starring) in the feature film WALLABOUT
Boulder policeman facing attempted murder charge - Colorado Springs Gazette
That's how my bro get free tickets to the panthers game hahaha my bro and I were laughing bout it on my way home from the airport lolol
And now I gotta wait for my drug and alcohol test...
Lame Nigga b quite ...u in a real Nigga presence
No Shame is tonight! 3914 N Clark at Luna Central. Show starts at 10:30pm and drinks are cheap!! We dare you.
Now I may have wisdom and knowledge on earth But if I speak wrong then what is it worth?
A disgrace to Simon-s everywhere RT #Orioles starting pitching numbers to enjoy & a former Oriole proves it's not the uniform.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me3
Happy Mother's Day, Mommy! How does she want to celebrate? "I just want to not cook and then watch Game of Thrones." O Annabelle...
You started again huh? More followers xD
Byron Alvarez gives the Comets the lead again on the PK, 8-7
Thanks for the follow, Martin!
is the general lee parked out front of Augusta??
My heart literally just shattered..
my fav psalm I use it a lot when I visit patients @ th hospital :)
So lives on tedder?:B
On at 5, a look at the state of downtown hotels. Is there still room for more? Would more hotels help Indy get another #SuperBowl ?
#asha11 WOW - great turn out at ASHA - and its great to finally meet so many of our customers in person!!! Team IEPPal - Booth 1514
The trip started with applying sunscreen in the 4am darkness, now he is dancing and singing along to a Justin Bieber song. T ...
It just might be a bit warm today so come on in and cool down with some SCOOTERS frozen custard.We have lots of ICED drinks and SMOOTHIES!!
You'll be pleased (you WILL be pleased!) to note that I modified my diagram per your excellent pt about public humanities folks.
Guy is actually singing #PurpleSwag on Purple Line Express
Headed to NYC for the next few days - looking for suggestions for good exhibits to see?
Thanks for the RT Natalie!
Lying in bed, windows wide open, listening to She Ain't You; Life's good.
Outta control
Did you get something yummy? I was there today as well - had a Cebee from
yo kid I can't get enough of that polar bear track shit is off I got that shit on repeat
and when district 11 through the riot I was like "GET EMMM"
ha love it 😊
It wasn't clear whether he knew about y and his need to torment k.
Hi, Ron from Southern Oregon. Ready to roll.
good what about youu?
Work out then hopefully seeing !
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did!
Happy New Years Eve to you too! Good Night!
The home opener is the day before she's due, but 4 of last 5 at home insures I can go to the Ralph and not get divorced!
also it crashes way too much for how big the app is these days
WOW! That spa looks nice!
Coming up with a new post. Which do you like better, apps or sites? Discuss.
Thanks for having me today! Great event by !
Boring I have to go to school:( Can you please follow me?
My music will be debuting on KARP Radio 106.9 FM in Hutchinson, MN tonight! :) From Plymouth, to St. Cloud, to Granite Falls, listen...
My timeline is filled with everyone's hate for school. Glad I don't have to worry about that anymore. :)
no I see you in like 10 minutes!
good for you, if it goes bad, when fm and satellite dies or you wish to syndicate. let me know I might have an outlet for you
I CANT STAND YOU!
Happy Birthday to Steven Seagal and Mandy Moore
RT : What's your favorite warming winter comfort food? RT with your answer!
when i dont got no numbers
Attention Louisville, KY: Johnny’s will be opening at North Commons this Friday! Come by and give us a try!
looking forward to chatting about your class travel safely!
Oxnard Wedding Receptions, Business Meetings Take on New Look at Residence Inn
we are internet im in fla and is in memphis 7602835110 now
happy 4th of July! get 15% OFF YOUR ENTIRE purchase at our boutique (today + tomorrow) when you mention that you saw this on twitter!
i'm going to the
get ur head out of ur ass!!!!!!
Halen is absolutely one of my FAVORITE bands ever! Love those guys! I'm so grateful that they put out a new album with Dave.
Has it really been that long since Kagan joined the court? Where has time gone?
Ha! Next time I'll totally mug you
So damn tired...it shld b illegal
somebody stop me again. On my level
forgive me I think some twitter accounts have been compromised. I am not sending you any messages personally.
wow cool. Saw him once & just couldn't believe how many hits that guy has written. Eye opening when you hear them all together
Addiction is a horrible habit... I see it all the time! I talked to one of my little brothers yesterday... the most loving person out there!
There's a hole in my heart where you used to be
what is your favorites gnr songs
DELETED HER TWITTER !!!:(
Good win cats! Bring the ship back to ky!
Then I'll send positive energy your way for that! And if these tweets help...even better!
Though luxury SUV sales may be off, the Navigator still has much to offer those who need room for eight
If a woman stops showing respect to a man, he stops loving her. If a man stops loving a woman, she stops respecting him.
Thursday! Don't forget it is movie night at Salute and the patio is open! Movies outside!
We had two great events yesterday! Thanks to our clients who keep us "on our toes" with fun and exciting events! Total Greatness!
did you get a juicer? How 'bout OJ?
Being tired doesn't even describe......
Patience with others is Love, Patience with self is Hope, Patience with God is Faith. Adel Bestavros
listening to you while running. Have to stop and tweet u. As a big UK fan I detest Mich. St. BUT..
The shit i go through to get my grades up.
will be hanging out at the Ultra Lounge in #LoganSquare #Chicago tonight. We play there Monday night around 9:30pm :-)
I can't wait to see the venue tomorrow though!
Thanks to everyone who came out to last night at and helped make it such an amazing night!
I'm way excited! RT : Who's excited about the Entrepreneur's Conference in Chicago? We are! Hope to...
": Girls trip me out. Like bitch have a seat"
u wanna see a chick flick? And i saw hunger games
Tribal Energy Cardio is taught at a San Diego based dance studio, but you can also purchase a fabulous DVD on www.tribalenergycardio.com
Question. Which tweet deck u have ?
Kristina kosogorova idk who she is I just saw her in the pageant an thought she looked just like you ha
My bride and I R Headed to Vegas tomorrow to celebrate our 1yr Anniversary! Such a blessing.Gonna miss Rod jr. My 1st plane flight..ohh boy!
Love it! Is she on itunes? I need to update my ipod :)
yeahh , you probably could've ! being in the uniform made it worse for me .
just finished cleaning phewww i'm beat XD
114th anniversary: April 24, 1898: Spain declared war on the United States after rejecting to withdraw from Cuba. –And got our asses kicked.
well I still have some time, right now schooling will finish in june or july with no breaks.
#shedidntcall because you didn't put minutes on her phone.
Happy New Year 2 all of our supporters!! Along w/ thks 4 da love
Slideshare app through LinkedIn and clients interested can see it ahead of time
I seriously need to send that neighbor something nice.
Looks like a real Halloween-style trick-or-treat witch is now following me. Thanks :0
next year is going to be pregnant as a freshman with Aids living of food stamps in a motel
Was just on a rush hour 6 train subway with a homeless man smoking crack!!!! Really?!?! #wtf #mta #
Second AD, Matt, holding his sneezes during takes. Priceless.
A brand symbol is “anything that leaves a mental picture of the brand’s identity." Leo Burnett
im tryna fucks with loyal amd real people..but we need to do dat
RT Handjobs are over rated, why even go there, obvi the guy has his own slick moves for that
Get ready Chicago! The Victor Hotel is currently putting together some sick electronic music events - stay posted for more info!
Now that the scheme is starting to unravel, will the euro drop back to its proper level in time for me to go to Italy this year? Stay tuned!
Palm Sunday
Put together a project Photo Album featuring my husband's awesome photos on Snapfish - entered it into Pioneer Woman's contest!
Thank you!
Washington Redskins 20 Carolina Panthers 33 Final #redskins #panthers #nfl (Via )
Good Morning World!! Question: What do you want to see out of social media? How can social media better cater to your needs?
you're writing for people? :D omg ok un momento x
Thank you two times?!
You're welcome!
Somebody has the grill going already. Yard smoke.
Got myself a new iphone
I love you sessy
Better than any answer I could have anticipated. Brilliant!
Sure. Also factor in staff costs, stage prep and other costs. I was just doing math. Not calling that number a profit at all
Reading submissions and other lit mags and just subscribed to Productivity!
You ain't the only real nigga . -Drake. <3
kilt it
Maybe it's a glitch.
kind of feel like a christmas tree now that I have tinsel in my hair..
RT : I hope wins that emmy. She makes #sytycd so much fun
Most of poker is about tilt control. For the [sic]est of [sic]o's this is next to impossible
James Harden is your #NBA Sixth Man of the Year.
For the next week I'm going to try to express myself with just "K" and "YA" it seems to work for men....
Hootsuite is pretty damn slick.
HOLIDAY HEALING (Jer 17:14) Heal me, O LORD and I will be healed; save me and I will be saved. You are my praise amen. #Sir Court
NP you remind me of a girl
if Derek dies, I swear I'll write the editors and bitch out the fucker who wrote the episode.
Don't u worry... I'm bout to post the shit outta some old pictures.
Me: "Im over him. Im over him. Im over…" *see him out of the corner of my eye and hear his voice, talking to someone else* "-Nevermind -__-"
Congrats to the Atlanta Hawks and Memphis Grizzlies on clinching home-court advantage in the 1st Rd of the NBA Playoffs!
good idea.
Hi Carmen, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
As long as it takes!! RT Wondering how much longer can I hold on....
Writing about pelvic floor prolapse and doing my kegals
Omg me and are so fucking cute<333
that's cool are you looking forward to it or not really ?
The Senate Health Committee will hold a hearing on the bill to life the Family Care cap this morning at 11 a.m. in 201 SE.
bout time! lol
Love you Doris….
Kubel or Chipper Jones for UTIL spot?
Legendary song-and-dance man Ben Vereen will be conducting a master class with musical theater students today at 2:30pm wow
Stupid sleep UNpatterns!
ouu i mean i technically could but we can all go out in buffalo friday.. Im comin home friday
Hey, Twitter was down for a while there. That happen a lot? They get hacked? Anything to worry about?
This renovation cost $8 million and doubled the number of rooms and conference space.
2012: the year I bump up the number of wedding photos I've been cropped out of from "some" to "all"
My husband is bowling tonight. He bowls in the Tuesday Night league at Astro Super Bowl (last year, their prize fund was 110k+). Good luck!
hahaha dude I was ballin' with laughter! first you flip me off then draw a busted monkey! lol (that game is too much fun)
im havin one of those days - _-
OMFG Y U GOTTA BE SO CUTE. AUGH I HATE YOU.
Congratulations to Julia Kern who just booked her very first commercial! Nice job, JK and I am not jk! :)
He's ten minutes away from my house and I'm just starting my hair lol
A cute girl calls me Riddler...I can live with that :)
Dear People, you should at least know me pretty well before you go sayin stuff about me
Having a Birthday party going to be parting
happy birthday to me -Justin \m/
I'm well you?
twitter is like the shuffle-play of human discourse. Think it's weird to follow Hüsker Dü with ABBA? Try Trent Dilfer after Kurt Vonnegut.
