“: Man! What is up with this weather?.. This must be "EL NIÑO"! Lol”
Albert show them why you shoulda got paid
Watching #LongIslandMedium makes me cry every week..but I love this show. I want to meet her so bad! Drives on over to Wantagh! lol
Learned a lot today from VA Tech's ! Thanks for the great presentation! Pages of encouraging info
can't believe its only been about a year.
🎉 Impressive!! --> “: Only up to 255 DEADLIFTS today but the reps felt solid strong and nice;)”
Mindless reload it was roc who was dancing in djsoundwave jean jacket
Being broken hearted<<<<<<<<
hahaha! Thanks a lot, and a great reminder!
What just mouthed to me>>>>>
Now that's what I'm talking about.
np! test drive us out and let us know what you think :)
Drake was a guide to my life
I'm just going to eat cheesecake and hate on Courtney for the next twenty minutes.
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive: Playing the cello, srsly...#cellists are sexy. Female cellists are powerful-sexy, male cellists are steamy-sexy.
I heard there are an abundance of Pitino adidias Track Suits half off!
if you have pamdora, punch it in.
Install week at the VAC! We are sad to see the old exhibitions go, but excited to see the new ones go up!
What is your Favorite Las Vegas Hotel?
Every time The Script comes on, I like to imagine its actually singing.
Lol, you heartless bastard. Go to hell.
dang it!
Thompson, Joseph and Kabongo. PLEASE
#goodtoknow RT : The lethal dose of caffeine for humans is ten grams, or about 100 cups of coffee consumed in 4 hours.
I think I'm a little bit. A little bit in love with you.
I think the hero of today's story is going to be the sinus infection that is in residence in my head.
Follow me?<3 ;D
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause we're not like everybody else. We're weird & not normal, just like our idol. We like to be different.
I can't go to teen hoot because I live in narnia.
I'm sorry!! I forgot I you
#RHONJ :) fun times.
keep at it. you're about to "BLOW UP"
Looks like some good eatin that Turkey is on point!!
Please follow back
For real thats why his ass is mos def getting jumped when he comes to Mass though lol
100 days baby!
WIZ SAID "U CANT COUNT ME WITH THE LIL NIGGAS NO MORE, WE MOVE LIKE WE GOT DEGREE FOR THIS SHIT
Come on, one more goal!
me omg i would die like i would scream i love ur songs but i still wish 1d would follow me!:(
This world is full of liars, and users #truth UGH
Tomorrow were hosting Holiday Hound up! Dog walk, treats, fro yo, pics and more. See you all at 2! rrrruuuuffff! That's "YAY" in dog bark!
When are they going to play one shining moment?
- loved the Eric Winston piece - total class act!
Thinking of building your own home? Check with our experts, they will guide you through the process. We design custom and stock plans
Well, hey! Missed your tweet till today :)
Byte! Bit by Bit!
But if they could, it'd be a match made in heaven! cc:
The simple lack of her is more to me than others' presence.
I did! It came in no time! We love it so much! Hubby and I don't have to scoop poo anymore! LOL. My smallest cat is obsessed.
pleased to tweet you!
Bookshelves for your library perhaps? slideshow of creative bookshelves.
Awww, thanks Laura! I look forward to meeting you in some city, some day.
"My future's so bright I gotta wear shades, niggas hating on me.. cause I'm bound to get paid" -
Cannot wait to see #HungerGames tonight!
aw :) how cutee! thanks hope all is going superblyy
Thank You!!
HAPPY LEAP DAY... WE HAVE A BONUS DAY 2 MAKE A CHANGE IN OUR LIVES.. TO REACH OUT TO A LOST FRIEND... 2 TELL YOUR LOVE ONE ”I LUV YOU!!!”
very true
Not having spell check on twitter is dum.
loved your speech at the NPC Seminar at bevs this weekend
Would you like some Mama Pita now, or later?
Just climbed up a gigantic hill. Fighting the urge to roll down it.
My son has mild Autism
No matter how bad things are u guys NEVER GIVE UP!!! EVER!!! We all belong here for a reason & a season :-)
not I, but who's on tomorrow night with me. Don't forget
An a good morning to you, !
"Nobody likes you when you're 23..." Yeah, I remember thinking omg 23 is so old. When that song came out. And I was 12.
I hate that I'm disliked by people I really care about
Thanks Amy Pohler for shouting out Upright Citizens Brigade at
welp havent been on in like forever so whats up with everyone???
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. ~John F. Kennedy
Patriots touchdown
Eminem - Lose Yourself - 06:53 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Truism: Design is a choice. It doesn't just happen.
#Coincidence It was great meeting 7moody and you ! Keep in touch !
what i wouldn't give for mine to do this.
working on new logo design with
Thankyou do you no how to make icons?
PLEASE FOLLOW!!!! I
i LOVE The Wanted
thats good! im doing great too (:
well my mom is on her way with KFC! and me to im so hungry!
is in a #NEWYORKstateofmind .. welcome to our neck of the woods! We missed ya :)
Great new site! Congrats!
what kind of beats you throw down?
Hope it passes! Such a great idea! : At hearing to make an animal abuse registry in state. Much like sex offender registry.
Awesome! I have BB Ellum session at 8:15 but can stop by for a bit to enjoy Cville EduTweetUp
Yes They Do!!! I have that ringtone for my cell phone :)
HPNG Latino Leaders Networking Event with Ruben Diaz, Jr in the Bronx was a total hit! We must do this again at Elmo for our Manhattan crew
Thanks Check out too.
thank u so much, this means the world!
Blaine just didn't get the memo in time.. and you should appreciate my efforts!
Our weekly news wrap up episode should drop sometime between tonight at midnight and sunrise Monday morning.
And I found out was on Twitter via How weird yet awesome is that?
Bridesmaids start out strong but quickly went downhill. Don't understand all the love.
#AStateOfBlue ALL DAY!
me too
Auction: with was amazing! Thank you to the bidders!
Thanks! RT : nothing else gets me ready for the week like
Watching Skins before going to sleep, Gives me happy thoughts c:
Economic dvlpment meeting 2nite 630pm @ Broom Factory (press 235 to get in). Topics: plans for Red House Tavern & new townhms. All welcome.
Busy day equals coffee day.
Softball,theres nothing soft about it, it just leaves a bigger bruise.
Looks like the defending champs are about to go down.
Mark Twain: You can't depend on your judgment when your imagination is out of focus.
Uhh.... Lake Havasu. I just spent 5 days there and it was ridic. I took a few pics of stars that I can share with you.
I missed today. I just got back to the office. Yes, I do need to post more often. Or just often.
Tired of living forever? There's a slayer for that.
haha my rule is...I can't date freshmen I can only mess with them!!!
I always get so sad when my lunch break is over
Everyone follow , he's donating 10 cents to Breast Cancer Research for every new follower he gets this month.
Still awake....
How come no one ever messes up on #TheVoice? It's live, but no falls, missed lines or nip slips! How is that?
Updating a real life finding aid today. Kind of makes me wish I had taken archives 101 before starting this job lol
RIP photojournalist and film maker Tim Hetherington and Getty photographer Chris Hondros who died in Libya today.
#MySinatra weaves the life of #CaryHoffman through the songs of his hero,
o great reminder! setting up a running date now. Patrick's Sunscreen in my pocket, of course! (don't want wrinkles)
Sending love to your feed! How have you been?
Thanks for following me to!!
I think my doctor really likes my choice of sensible footwear...I overheard him telling his collegue that I had "Serious healthy shoes"
As much as I love getting dressed up, there is something so much more relaxing about putting on my sneakers &glasses to walk free
i feel really sick i am having very bad belly pain
me either -________-
Massimo Lollini F'12: new tools for rich linking & text layering, along w/ visualization of Petrarch’s early manuscripts
Great Mad Men show last night. Elevator moment! And apparently it cost around $250k to license the music at the end.
Happy Thursday! Just a day away from breaking out the Rebecca Black.
Too tired to work...
That mom beating up the 8month really hurt my heart.I wanted to jump in that mother fucking video n beat the shit out of her until she cries
Thanks to for the follow! If you have not tried mobile marketing let us help you. It's easy to reach your customers phone.
VACOLS is 400,000 records in six linked filed. Showed delays in appeals & that 13,700 vets had died while cases in the works
Hail was not in the plan of this band trip
NF. Have a great day!
Can't sleep. Tomorrow can't get here fast enough...
Fux dat. Family should be an exception. You suck
Dex's (instantaneous) response: Sharon Stone crossing her legs in Basic Instinct. Classic.
Last night's Great Big Sea concert in Chicago was fantastic. Great live performance at the House of Blues. Still recovering!
Congrats to #BCHockey men's team for it's win over Air Force in the NCAA tournament. Go Eagles!!
i hate my life
unable 2 direct msg u. CSD wbsite has comments that are posted on their website with names #'s along w good feedback 4 CCAC
Yes,Mr. Thunder has been a Grammy member of the P&E Wing since 2008.It is comprised of only about 5,500 producers,engineers,remixers etc.
your voice is heaven.
The first public hearing on #LA's budget for FY 2012-13 is getting underway.
Thank you Internet - free shipping and no taxes are wonderful things
. I am an annual pass member. LOVE LLFL! Been there 4 times! Do we get to come to preview day #waterpark pls lmk!
3rd day off...exhausted...3rd day up b4 8am. This was supposed 2 b a weekend 2 catch up on sleep so i WONT b exhausted all week! Grrrr :-(
that sounds grand! how!
Gotta have a talk wit lil homie
3. day of fasting was 10 times easier than yesterday. Had a great work out, no cravings, lot of energy. I feel great!
So well said.. we need to send this love often. Blessings lovely lady
The weather today was PERFECT!
Ronnie please follow me and by the way I love ur show can't wait to see it back on in June :-)
Cotter Smith is a gem (and I'm not just saying that because he's my teacher)! I absolutely can't wait to see this!
Just Wax It and Crises Averted tonight @ 9pm, Second City Hollywood. I have a comp for you.
Truth is we mess up till we get it right... I don't wanna end up.. Loosing ma' soul... (8)' - I love you.. <3
There's someone for everyone:. Be patient
Need to get out this house. Tuesday Party!
think he was crazy the whole time
Peloff: Can't get through #MadMen because it's too painful to watch that period.
Big Show tonight on #Mariners, previewing #Huskies opponent Baylor Sigi Schmid on #Sounders new keeper. 930
"Ok, so ur probably going, 'Is this like a Noxzema commercial or what?'but seriously, I actually have a way normal life for a teenage girl."
Called Me Like " WTF IS !!! Lol
When I'm pissed I unfollow A LOT of people. IDGAF don't like it? Unfollow me for all I care!
Oh my god.... Seriously
thanks for your weekly support:)
At underground lounge.
Hey! Follow older brother ! ;)
lol its on facebook may as well be on twitter.
It's been a quiet week... let's kick it up a notch!!
Spam messages xD
Special thanks to the Book Sale Publisher sponsor Wisconsin Energy Foundation!
tonight we going ham one way or another , L.A what do you have for me and my homies?!!!
< Thanks for the Follow!
thanks for the follow :)
Sounds like me
B.o.b keeps getting better and better
This lady at lunch asked me if I was from California. I was so flattered!
yes we are!
Random Shoutout to ! Follow her!!(:
"Who are these lunatics, Frank?" "These are your most devoted fans." - House (1986)
Don't talk to me when it's warm n***a. I'll muthafucking embarrass you...
My 3 year old son yawns and says "I think my mouth did something sleepy"
#WHYiGive? Because each act of giving can spin off a hundred more.
what category are the "ripley's believe it or not" outposts in?
Gotta go bitch
I'm a moderate economically. I'm a Reichian, probably....by no means a Laffer nor a Misian.
It's always fun to have a sneeze attack right after putting on mascara.
Follow back me! Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating!:*
Yes, which is a function of his lack of self awareness. Draft picks are too valuable to risk completely wasting one.
I am all too familiar with this...a vast majority of my channel's comments are SO disgusting!!
You bet! RT : Thanks for the RT!
#ThingsGirlsLove when boys try to draw hearts.
Tonight #swag tomorrow
Down came the rain and washed the spiders out.
Food Truck Wars in the morning: 40 of them from all over Florida. Oviedo Mall Noon to 6pm. Live music, beer garden and more...
This bi-polar ass internet connection -____- turns back on right when i call the technical support people makin me look like an idiot
I'm reading about the 38th chapter and what i can conclude this girl never wears long pants . shorts and dress .
Today was one of those days were I just wish I could take a vacation from my life.
Tricia I looked it is fine as a discussion forum but they are is sill just opinions -- just more of them.
We would LOVE to! Give us a call or email us with the details!
You have some psychological issues. YOU'VE GOTTA HAVE THEM.
Justin Bieber Boyfrend video >>>>
come to Rockford this is cold lol
211 by me is a cool song
#WhenIGetBored I walk two houses down to my best friends house....at 5 in the morning.
I mean do you wanna make a 0? Keep being hateful.
Hagadone striking out side!!
Police seem in no hurry to escort the suspect away from 38th and T. Another MPD vehicle just arrived to join the squad cars already here.
Today, Mach 15th, might be the greatest day of the year in sports: first day of the NCAA tourney, NFL free agency and the NBA trade deadline
A Very Happy Karva Chauth to All of the Suhaagane!!! May GOD BLESS You All and Your Husbands with All the Love and Happiness! 
YES!!!!RT : don't chase blessings...chase the One who blesses
im azz naked .. i dnt wanna move !!
whats the craziest thing you've ever done?
Thank you... so sweet :) You're gorgeous yourself!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Princess Leia Barbie ...Barbie with the hairdo from Star Wars
I ruined her party life.
Have taken a few days to be completely lazy in most every way. Resting my head and body.
"Don't Leave me This Way" was performed by Thelma Houston, but not written by her. (TSOP) Guess that's what I get for watching
One minute to the end of my work day!
Lazy day.
That would work! We like your spicy hot one with the peppers. Thanks for the suggestion.
Why small talk? To convey a positive personality while discussing a small thing: optimist, cheerful, positive, energetic, fun, confident
Basketball best players in order as of right now 2012 Lebron Durant Kobe
thank you...
love vibes
IT'S FRIIIDDDDDDDAYYYYYY N IM UP AL NIGHT
Going to write a song called "Laundry Room Jerks."
We're looking forward to catching up w/ our #craftbeer brethren during next week's
Formulating some new recipes today!
I love the back of the dress.
I'm a little amused that the "for dummies" books in German are "für Dummies." I can just hear that with a German pronunciation.
my pleasure. I am looking forward to watching when I get a chance to sit down. Sounds like we are both working & tweeting.
Ex-Bulldog hines Ward hopes to catch on as analyst - Florida Times-Union
"Creativity occurs in the moment, and in the moment we are timeless." (Julia Cameron)
Hello Jose how r u?
yo, good piece on hill. dont think itll hurt against denver if hes out of the lineup. but will hurt later on.
Hm someone has been acting good!
daytime during week should be parking close to mcasd.
Today is tutor day at Positive Tomorrows, one of our student's favorite days of the week!
take a bus
Dance Moms. I don't even give a fuck.
U.S. Auto Sales Rates Seen Skewed as Rebound Continues
76 years ago on this day #Yankees Rookie Joe DiMaggio made his major league debut. #5 "Joltin' Joe" "The Yankee Clipper"
is honoring Bruce Wichmann, our firm administrator, & Amy Winch, a legal assistant at Axley, as Unsung Heroes today!
I smelled ‘Cool Water’ on my way to work today. Woah, what-is-up 7th grade?!
"Ladys love beirds, ladys love chicken. Give me a chicken beard."
Disappointed w/quality of ur print materials over past 6 months -blurry printd flyrs & dot pattern printd work -whats up!?
RT : Are you a closet knitter, handbag creator, hate your "day job" and want to focus on what you REALLY want to do?......
I know! And on top of that, how will they know what you want from them if you never direct it towards them?
"The world is too dangerous for anything but the truth, and too small for anything but love" - William Sloane Coffin
back on the twitteratti after spending the past few weeks getting next release in motion. what did i miss?
eating you :D?
It is pathetic to see UCLA football and how pathetic it has become. A sleeping giant with the right coach and facility upgrade
are you guys going to Saratoga on the 9th? My hubs said hell watch the kids, but not sure my car will make it
Well, here we go...you knew it couldn't be easy, but to blow a three goal lead. Let's go Pens...
ha it's true :) that's my mom
Vote for !!! Dial 1-855-864-2301. Up to ten times per phone/online!
. The reward for their racist actions... paid vacations. What a disgrace. The rats are all jumping ship.
i was gonna change my name to Benja_Nguyen but my real name is now available. sorry lol
This Sunday! Frank Sinatra Tribute with Joe Marillo!
have you checked out and ? they're awesome
Wow today's preaching was amazing like God really moved!
anyone else just notice the "at-a-boy" tap on Palko's shoulder from Haley
I like anything described as "swirly"
Wonder how much Fiat paid to purchase
Only 2 more weeks and I'll get to see one of my best friends in the whole world here in Los Angeles. Whoot Whoot!
Teaching! On cold meds! Oh this will be fun!
E.H. would use Bieber's hair to clean his rifle RT : It's a rare man who can look like Hemmingway and smell like Bieber
Just double-checked the spelling of Miley Cyrus on Google. The shit I do for accurate celebrity tweets.
haha you're so weird.. but that's why we love you
Thanks Amanda!
would love to know when next #LinkedInChat is. Would love to join.
#ConfessionNight i act like i'm from the hood to get attention but i'm actually from juniata park
#dhtrial without a doubt DH actors were best collection of most versatile actors on a show I ever worked on. They could all do most anyth'g.
Just bought "Break The Spell" on Amazon! Thanks for letting us know about the awesome deal. Love it!!
Congratulations Cindy Polo-Serantes - you are the winner of our Valentine's Day Challenge. You will be receiving a box of Cao Chocolate's!
don't forget your surprise! i have it it my car for you/deebs to retrieve :)
Listening to #unstoppable on my beats is insane. Even more intense
The Guto is the white version of Usher.
A mocker words hurts like daggers but a wise man redirect them in a postive way. vonchell
For everything you have missed, you have gained something else, and for everything you gain, you lose something else.
Reaalllly hoping my bro can get the job at UNCG or even WSSU.
No more AA concerts for me.REASONS:1.they attract scary ass young alien lookin scene kids and 2.they cry when they get pushed into mosh pits
☆★Tomorrow last day of sophmore!★☆
Really exciting times for Colorado State, . Probably won't get a wink. Next game will be awesome, though - rivalry: Air Force
Taking today and tomorrow off from the gym. Another session on Saturday and cardio Sunday! Then all over again next week.
At the morris
no, going to el hospital to figure out what the hell is wrong with me
Thanks for the kind description of my students' work.
GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Its an own goal, but caused by the #FrenchResistance crashing into the 6-yard box!!!!!!!
is the balls, and that's no lie.
SHE'S HOT
Tonight! and at Velvet Lounge! 915 U St. NW/9pm/$8. Tell your friends!
well as a girl I'm tempted to say League of Their Own. Really its Sandlot. Honorable mention to Mr 3000 for obvious reasons;)
So excited to wake up to live today! It's going to be a busy weekend!
I've had two sips and a trully giddy. Hell.
GWBush "StandYourGround" from 9/11 attack was wackier than Zimmerman's version and killed over a million people.
“: Don’t sweat the small stuff.”
Should be all set, try again!
Only in south carolina would they proudly fly the confederate flag
MASSIVE SHOUTOUT TO !!!!
Haha, just couldn't focus this am! :/ RT : Ohm. Ohm.
Guys who think they have swag just cause they wear a SnapBack <<<<
wow. so not cool. whatever's. it will happen for me. it will.
if regis retires should join ripa, while they are at it tell rachel ray she spells her name wrong and get her off the air
yes only a little though :)
Secondhand Serenade - Fall For You is trending lol this doesn't make any sense but ok yes good song<3
Love hard...
yeah something that goes over the muffler underneath the car idk lol
Do they not keep you busy enough at NWE?
Just woke up, so tired, was watching twilight last night o. YouTube
If you could meet any historical figure, who would it be? I'm torn between Virginia Woolf and Georgia O'Keefe.
Ok. Just checked. Yup. It's enormous. Wow. Bigger than Favre's ego.
Thanks LD. (does anyone call you that?) I hope your knee is feeling better. xo
I'm calling it early: (some) faculty become a #Gadfly to the #Church in #NYC over the next few years
Im so in love with Justin Bieber new song
Your mom < Jeffree Star
"I know we're doing CSS right now, but don't SASS me." I get bonus nerd points for making a CSS joke.
Love you too!! How was Italy?
lol like... Somewhat resembles Andy Six :P
3 of the SC top ten were Calipari players. Dorsey, , and Wow
I love how Sylvia Fine always appears on Happily Divorced! I know that's not her real name but she will always be Sylvia Fine to me!
Looking forward to this weekend...
#Everyonehasthat1Friend that they wanna be something more with.
thieves break into several body shops...find out what they took...coming up at 11
Just 2 be clear, UK would lose. Charlotte is atrocious & tms dont play starters but no way are they going 2 allow themselves 2 lose 2 UK.
hope your ready for me nd rob to com back
I hate goodbyes :'(
Fergie Duchess of York the utlimate example of entrapment and the undervaluation of mothers and women present in western society
anii de:C:C e sheh :P
Happy Thanksgiving!
Need Ah New Default... Any ideas ?
Thank you!
Have I met her? No. So, yes I mind that she can hang with you and the guys and I can't
what are you directing these days?
I don't like your shirt. You should just take it off..
Seriously, people go to #Stagecoach?
Andy Pettite signs Minor League deal with the Yanks, getting the band back together?
the sparknotes community is so strange
Each workout is broken down so that learning is easy and you can grow at your own pace.
yes!! i want that too
for sure man I'm here all break
Pound for pound should easily win against anyone. But will American race issues get Romney in the WH?
How does one whole side of a town smell like garlic??
Everyday we get a little closer.
Cheers to a great afternoon!
I miss you! That's all.
Happy ground hogs day
Good morning Twitter fam! Everyone have a good day :)
#20thingsaboutme 4. I'm really insecure, but everybody tells me they can't understand why.
In order to be the man you have to beat the man!
Your time is coming soon.
I walk into my bathroom and my dog walks out of the shower #whattheactualfuck. And she scared me too lmao
Mfs get mad when you be real with dem but they always say just be 100 with me.
sorry baby I love you
Well, thank you so much! Nice to have your vote of confidence :-)
what a loser
and you KNOW THIS..man!
follow me. PLEASE. I love you.
true mom & dot nonsense i am sure!!! Have fun :)👯
I'm gonna make some tacos tonight thanks to lol!
#mywordoftheday #enjoy // life, love, liberty and the pursuit of happiness
"… and to violate would be oppression." - Thomas Jefferson's first inaugural address, March 4, 1801
Hoffman: terrorists can frame their own message on Web in ways not possible before Internet.
I think Turley Curd is a moniker for Curley Turd that he knows he can't say on the radio.
With three rows of seating, the MKT's unique suspension system promises a comfortable ride for up to seven passengers
Thank you, Sarah! Happy Mothers' Day!
I need a job and I'm not gonna stop looking til I find one
happy birthday (party)!
By sending daily emails with 30% discounts I guess.. lol ...
Beautiful day
Celebrating International Coaching Week ~Multicultural Coach for his great work
Tonight we'll be chatting with about their translation app and the future of voice command technology. Join us at 10pmCT/8pmPT
5 a.m. bedtime after major project work is done. 8:30 alarm. Not asking students to do anything I won't do.
Listenin to Under the Mistletoe in May ...(; lmfao <3
whos next to perform@ nine72 after hour..........you decide
re: #interracial families in short ch books: try series, Brendan Buckley's Universe, Calvin Coconut, Tiger Turcott
Yea Ms. Reilly's exam
BOOM! Thanks for being a part of it all...
No matter how hard you try, someone is trying a lil harder than you
this is good news!! I am trying to write more, send good vibes! Let's do Jake's Deli one of these days!
make it FabulousTweetpeeps
... TOO delicious.
“: yesterday, I learned why you don't do paintball for your birthday party cc: ” lol
ready to go pump some iron.
12 s/b, 9, probably. There may be some stuff 9 yo doesn't get, but it's inoffensive. One has some blood, but no sex or violence.
This masters 6 screen coverage is something serious
where have you been bitch
It's a compliment and you better say thank you. lol.
Tantalum Chip Capacitors deliver high CV value.
I bet!
Trying to imagine what it would b like to live in a country w/ Santorum & Gingrich in charge. Painful just thinking about it.
just DM the names. And why are you at their table?
#fridayreads also reading The Castle of Otranto for school.
what do we get out of this? Seems like Colleen and I are doing all the work.
PAUSE-Continue to pray for the Seau family. Pastor Miles is on KOGO right now and Fox5 at 10pm sharing his thoughts
so wait, if Mayweather is going to jail for beating up his ex-GF, why do people like him so much?
Special thanks to for being the first radio station to play our music. Just a few weeks later we're being picked up by !
New Client: Aztec Construction, Inc. - New website coming soon for this MN based company. Excited to work with this client.
Watch the big game tonight at Fatso's!
#IUBB fans and #UK fans may never get along but both share an intense passion for basketball. Check out some of latest tweets
Please create a #ItsAlwaysSunny themed #storagewars, you could so much with that #FX "storage war, storage war!"
personally I like Blackberry but hate their utter lack of vision
Glad to hear it! Yes, I get a little better each day. :)
its early but the weather is going to be very warm today in ATL. It was kinda hot yesterday, so dress for it :)
Feed my sheep. No problem.
* Dreams are unrealistic, impractical, demanding -- & absolutely essential to living a rich and fulfilling life. *
these Yankee games lately are painful to watch !
OMG... I've heard "Stronger" like 5 times in the last 10 minutes & I can't help but think of !! :)
There were some moments of bromance during that last song with 's Gary lighted and
happy Birthday Kendall.
god night bed time <3
I heard you got engaged Janel, congrats! We saw your engagement photos online! Lovely!!!!
Learn to make your point within one to three minutes it will keep you relevant.
#best90squotes You are the weakest link, good bye
officially signed with 1 of the TOP agencies in town! Thanks for making me 1 of the cool kids
The foundation of every state is the education of its youth!!!
GAB, "and a recall election to fill her seat will be held without her name on the ballot."
win and beat the Shitcago Cubs! Great 2 b at miller park. Aren't cubs baby bears? Bears and cubs both suck
In a worth dying for mood.
do you mind checking your DMs from me?
I hate mothers day, the end.
To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.Flaubert,G.
Stayed home today:)
thanks Adam! Appreciate your presence.
Agreed. It seems incredibly outrageous for someone who has had a pretty good reputation in the past.
RT : At one time doctors recommended cigarets for digestion! < Cocaine cough medicine was OTC. Both give to preg women.
today has been the first day i finally rested since the cruise!
You should follow me(:
Lunch date=Portuguese breakfast special=so deliciously full. Haven't eaten this much since I don't know when. Not liver-friendly but whatevs
haha yeah we kinda have been strangers :P and its alright
girls were fun, exciting and eager to work the cam
Thanks for the follow just started working with an #SEO company, Ill be learning from your feed.
Had a wonderful day and evening of campaigning for Walden, Jarvis, and Eisenhower!
Trust me, they'll be one of the first stops!
I'm off my game this morning. I blame...um...myself.
Life was so much easier when your clothes didn't match and boys had cooties! ~ Anonymous
Don't drown the man who taught you to swim
u never hit me up
lightweight lol. Have fun
awww. so cute!!!
Merry Christmas Eve! Have a great day(=
Waiting to see Hunger Games minus all the screaming 13 year olds. One perk of empty afternoons.
Allen Cooper invites us to join families in acknowledging the west Mesa murders. On 400 Roma NW, Sept 18
#yourock yep! That's one of the many reasons I love Maker Studios!
In which case, I should still get it. Because. I'm a boss
Glad you enjoyed the ice cream!
One Direction Mania: Activated! gonna buy their album, go to their concerts, buy merchandises! their music AMAZING!
#ThingPeopleDoThatGetMeMad , Take Shit Off My Plate Without Asking .
My second to last tweet that's starts with "see " I think is the best one
of course not! You know darn well Delilah doesn't air in Omaha until later!
Time for a run!!
Welcome man! Hope things are well with you!
Fantasy Ink: Weird Tales, J. Allen St. John
Accidentally did some screenwriting today. I knew my complete lack of a social life would eventually be revealed as my mutant power.
lol.. no it's crushed stone. Just looks like dirt. ;)
If God didn't want me to drink too much beer he would not have made to so cold and yummy
see what
Our mascot is a vengeful God
I totally agree! It was totally worth the pain on monday! (And I totally got a major thigh/butt workout!) HA!
Au contraire, your #tweet was excellent. I'm just drilling into the how, as much as the what and the evil, of the embedded app.
Buffalo has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians! Be sure to support your local artists!
#zap You would tweet me back, bro /:
Really glad is back. I wasn't too comfortable with having a backfield filled with 1 or 2 yr players. His blocking is vital
yes no service...still problems
what's good my brotha !!!
Thanks to all who made our first day on the East side worthwhile.
Your such a slut
lol well maybe you shouldnt get in whipped cream fights...
going purchase a football helmet for me and a dome size bucket for big head
The song that makes you think of a specific person
I just took the most amazing hour nap. It was so needed. Now time for business...
Alley Katz it is gentlemen. Tower of power!! Haha
no idea but mad props for mentioning one of my favorite bands of all time
is this a quiet subsidy to private sector.
#iwoulddoanythingfor some chocolate
People will respond to you on Twitter if you are helpful to them says at
Goodbye twitter/life. Be back in a week. );
#followmekianlawley just do it already
Don't worry about what others think. People are always negative, don't let it bother you.
ill be there too matty
still waiting too how timberlake's purchase might revive it.
What goes around comes around. That’s what people say. So all the pain you caused me will come back to you someday.
I'll miss you Jarret Johnson & Cory Redding. Sincerely. But have fun not winning a Super Bowl.
Welcoming new client, Mary Feldt with Park Towne.
ahh ok Good deal.
It's open already?
5 second call??? Are u SERIOUS??? NBA refs= fail
what's the name? And where are you from?
Yep! As of a few weeks ago. MT : Wait, is now ?! good to know! :)
It's College Radio Day! Can anyone tell us where to find DeVry University's station?
Will look it up right now! -J
Hey. I'm pretty sure I know the answer, but are you going to be in NY for my graduation?
Took my iPhone out its case to change the screen protector, forgot how sexy this phone was so sleek
#Glee or #fun.? Can I join?
No. You do not have the right to whine about the line-up of a show that's FREE. Sorry.
"she had split ends and a really cheap dress” #punkd omfg crying
#Romney Praises #MegWhitman Poised 2 Cut 30k #Jobs. #Romney fired thousands of Americans @ Bain, he would respect #Whitman firing 30k ppl
Who ever heard of a rich liberal anyhow? Although... u gotta make bank to cop a nice bag of weed these days. Got that going on..
craving coconut water w/ the pulp!! See what you do to me!! Lol love ya girl!!
We do it.
Why has been suspended?
Still No Power
howdy there..doing well here..we should chat soon..love to catch up
Happy birthday - hope it's been a good one.
Thank you for saving #Cougartown!!!
ough, should be celebratin it everyday instead of waitin for one day to finally decided to do somethin nice. Its still a regular, jus wi ...
On my way to the Hilton for #2011grantsshowcase ; traffic is backed up on 240; going east on walnut grove instead
man you're really missing out kid this life is great lbs hahaha let me stop rubbing it in
The Four Ms. Bradwells by is (finally!) my
truuuuuuuuuuuu........we gotta match up
Golf is a game whose aim is to hit a very small ball into a even smaller hole, with weapons singularly ill- designed for the purpose.
I heart #SkyPriority. Your #LGA Terminal C team rocks!
Thanks, I appreciate it! And yes I am
Follow owner of
Always nice to go back to things you've written and find that they actually make sense.
at least i got my acg boots
Hahaha! It's DJ twitter rush hour.
AC BABY AC PARTY :)
VHS or Beta just blew up the Empty Bottle people. Soul clap?
HAHAH I'm the one who taught HIM LOL
Brr cold! And 60 next week??? Crazy
re: loading down citations with tons of metadata. IMO, citations should be lightweight - let's not try to boil the ocean
Thanks for the RT! You really are Rev. Danny Fisher, right?
Happy Mother's Day! Hope you have a wonderful day with all your little miracles <3
she's just hoping it has a conversation with her.
I really should go to bed
Yay! When are you going?
Fuck g shock watches for not letting me buy the one I wanted
I lift things up up an but them down
you should! And when you do, feel free to say hi... or throw tomatoes at me lol
I need to learn to drive a stick and get my god damn lisence. I am sick of being told no when I ask for a ride to school.
Just added on KPIG 107.5 in Santa Cruz and San Luis Obispo " Who do you think you're foolin" and Between the lines." Yay!!
Never letting my little sister barrow my black converse ever again. -____-
fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug, fix a bug, find a bug....
Are you going to make it to our #SLP presentations tomorrow?
Sam Adams is the main reason I know what season it is.
We're aware that the site is down. We're working to get it back up soon! Thanks for your patience!
In Fallbrook this AM - homicide detectives spent the night searching a home as part of the investigation into Brittany Killgore's death.
#exnavy ad on #facebook... the rest should read.... hurry... theres still time.... join the #army before you family finds out you're gay.
HAM!RT : whatcha think bout it
miss you too baby girl. Feels better my love.
Wait, today is Friday? Cool....
Very solid road win for the Hoosiers tonight @ NC State.. Final 86 - 75. Best of the Crean era
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. If we are to fear anyone, it should be God. We live in awe and aspiration of Him.
Twitter takes one's sense of entitlement to a whole new level.
I love reading your tweets because I know your watching the parade too !
when are you coming back
you mean ?
& that's the truth. Not even a #Redskins fan but man if my #Chiefs woulda figured out a way....#*(#&&%
Because of shock value? RT Karmin SERP rank is #2 for "suicide roll hairdo" see the power of keyword marketing?
Happy 4th! The studio and store will be closed today. We'll be back as usual tomorrow!
Derek Lowe retires the Angels 1-2-3 in the first inning
make that 13
P.S. if you got a direct message from our Twitter account DON'T RESPOND -- it's phishing
Thanks!! BTW you are in a very nice part of KY.
#NABEFCareerFair is coming to Vegas! Get a job in TV or radio, talk with a broadcast industry career coach and network with recruiters!
anyone who has an iphone, facetime me now.
i just waiting :(
dont know if were making more but if we start selling them ill let you know
It's nice to start feeling almost human again.
In my internet country, WLNIA, too.
Dry time in PNW. Make sure to stock up on water.
U needa bring some of your friends down here lol
thanks for the shoutout ! we like you too!
Yeah, do that and eat your Wheaties and you might actually live to see 5 feet tall!
everyone went to see Bundy pitch.
i'm gonna annouce my follower of the hour 17 mins so tweet me if u wanna be my follower the the hour :D
Nothing better than being with your family , & appreciating someone really special , I love you mom (:
FUCK that is so me. my frizzy ass hair ._______. lol it was gabby i know it!! lol
I think that's good for me!
hey I saw you!
Any list of 100 Great Guitarists that does not include Keith Richards but does include Skrillex is ultimately very artful trolling.
Er ignore that last tweet. Niece is competent!
Thanks for becoming members! DM us your info and we'll make sure you're all set. Happy Monday!
Blk i p's more important Fergie didnt perform well at all. The Chx from glee was lame 2. She's sang well just dnt like the way it ws dun
Happy Birthday! Thanks for watching!
did my dog really just chew my headphones.... again.
will do brotha
Now that was fun. Lets ride this.
"Common sense" is grossly over-rated and may be the antithesis of disciplined Critical Thinking.~Don
Need to plan LUNCH!
The more we dwell on what we don't want, the more we get it.
Hello (Cleveland in) Miami!
tweeting to get connected
Not yet, but it's in the works. Thank you for asking. I'll be sure to let you know when it's up and running.
did i take nyquil instead of dayquil or am i just this drowsy..what is wrong with me today.
You were?! I must have missed you!!! How are you? How was your taping?
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
Awesome - looking forward to it!
hahaha yes it is :) x
A lot of Brewers fans are in denial. Braun cheated.
i luuuuuuv it....this is my motto...i try 2 emphasis this 2 ppl all the time..i call em "CC's" aka Chronic Complainers
TONIGHT WE ARE YOUNG SO LET'S SET THE WORLD ON FIRE
WTF my laptop is gonna die grr
these are the best quotes ever ! Happy to find some with out cuss words finally !
Slick Living Apparel from
Tonight lets be lovers, then tomorrow go back to being friends.
help me get my 50 in ts :)
Lol @ cutting our neighbors tree. Even though she clearly told us, she'd call the cops if we ever touch her tree again.
yeah . were recording our EP for Maybach Music, but we got some fam over at Konvict.
both information meetings went great. thanks to everyone who showed up. keep spreading the word around and get more girls to join
Can you play Stellar Phoenix by David Geftakys? plz?
IN LOVE #SAYSOMETHIN OMG LOVE IT !!! We must meet. K ? K 💙
HAPPY BIRTHDAY VIEJA!!!!!! Love you :D
Whale Wars finale
That moment when you feel like everything's falling down.
If you. had a wise or a planning in life what would it be
All the fun is in how you say a thing. -Robert Frost
this cold air making me sleepy...
Budget vote today. Don't forget to vote Rocky Point!
If u missed it Blake Shelton's @ Salt River Fields & we have tickets 2 give away 4 Woodjock fans. We'll keep u posted how u can win!
Oh, boy, dog-gonnit. The Wife's been using my computer again, which means I just sent a bunch of emails to librarians . . . from my wife.
it may be that more people prefer to be passive audience vs. active community?
I call dibs on her lol ;D
Looking forward to my lunch date tomorrow with at :-)
The 5th six weeks ends on April 12. I'm counting the days.
Can we see it online ?
I just supported Gran Lakou dancing troupe in Haiti to buy costumes for Karnaval. They are a proud and talented LGBT inclusive...
Yes! RT : Hey Houston startups, coming to ?
USA Waterpolo is interested in me!
Spurs starters: Tony Parker, Danny Green, Kawhi Leonard, Boris Diaw and Tim Duncan.
It is a monstrous moment w/the glasses, but the play prepares you for it; Kitty's taken every other thing away from her.
Show on the 10th at Brooks Landing starts @ 7 and goes til midnight. The line up of performers is like a who's who in ROC entertainment !!!!
Why is it when you run into a spider web, you suddenly turn into a ninja?
Traffic already!!! Watch out with all the stupid idiots on the road!
is Facebook looking to buy ? I'm seeing a lot of facebook friends being very active on quora all of a sudden...
u the baddest of them all
Hi! Do you have tips on how to foster constructive conflict and hence more collaboration in a totally conflict averse culture?
hopefully the sub did some teaching/learning while not following the lesson plan.
New biz idea: an "Unsubcribe All" button. Removes you from all junk email lists in 1 click. Anyone? Google? Bueller?
Overhead business students talking about paying taxes: "It's weird. The more you make the less you get back."
where's ?
If it walks like a duck & talks like a duck it is defiantly a pilar bear in a duck costume.
I ain't never got used to... Being what I used to.. Be
This the type of weather Mr Rogers would come out too & speak the bullshit
Jordan says the district will also creation of an option on the hotline for employees to report wrongdoing
#BurgMYT I ate pizza.:-) 5 today. Had a great week!!!
I still cant figure out how da fuck my nigga get killed n he was n da POLICE CUSTODY
That one person you can count on for anything >>>>>
It's the struggles you manage on your own which your friends nor family can see which makes you independently stronger
One of the most difficult things to do is to think of a color that doesn't exist.
Here we go again SMH
I always knew you'd be a star!" sighted on late lunch & a beer on the near west side earlier this week" LOLZ
Thanks for the follow back!
official timeout in 3rd of
Sounds interesting. Will we be seeing some report or publication based on this investigation that we can take a look at?
me too. Ive got a hunch my examples are linked but I might be crazy. Hopefully reading Steigler/David's answer will fix my brain
lol gone on some where bear ! don't start with me !
Being good and making money is not an either/or. You have to be creative, but you can do both.
For the LORD is good; his mercy is everlasting; and his truth endureth to all generations. ~ Amen and Amen
The link to the the clip from yesterday's show points to the wrong segment! Desperately. Want. To. Link.
To do list: get on a plane to #Kauai tomorrow morning and forget about everything else.
yes, I know just how lucky I am!!
thanks for the follow. Look forward to your tweets! I hit my 2000 follow mark and can't follow until I have more follows.
“: If Colorado doesn't..enact #CivilUnions, we will look like Mississippi & be really ashamed of ourselves really soon.”
I would much rather try it than see it being demonstrated to me, which may be the easiest way to show, but not to learn it
2dayyyyyy!!! I can't wait... i go to and we go to....? NeXt session <33
Just had an interesting debate on difference between social darwinism&natural selection. Sad it was in need of clarification
“: yes. ! I obvi counted you. Heck you're staying with me there the whole summer ....” 😏😏👍
everyone looks great on this montage, but Adam Sandler looks like he was off to get bagels at the bodega
ur not jeep cool anymorr, trader
you have the worst tweets
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sonicare Floss Holders and most oral care products.
Question from the audience: What's a typical day like?
#1thingiwant4christmas is a girlfriend that doesn't seem to have a problem with never ending reflections of eternal love
Who the lineup this year for SILYMI?
We are super excited to visit Live this afternoon!
One hour until Texas and Cincy tip off in Nashville! Tweet us your score predictions!
We have to take advantage of these situations when we can. :)
they're all at working making lattes...
Another bar receipt in my purse, I need to stop taking my card out with me
WE can get some LOVE from the NHL Network!!!!!! Say what's up to Mike J. Check you guys out on the Network tonight. DEEP!!!
Morning! Mom says she is going 2B hell on wheels 2day. ? I don't care if she's the Pope just feed me. Gotta go sit by my bowl and look weak.
thanks for "favoriting" my tweet! I am a life coach and we started a new page to chat, I would love to share the link?
Not belated. Ditzy Colleen thought you posted that yesterday. Derp. ;-)
I would love a barebones playlist. Also team tactical. I wouldn't mind having 5 or 6 ppl in co-op.
Aw no don't! I posted the link you can watch it :)
Your just somebody that I use to know
RT : Gayle Smith of the National Security Council says food insecurity undercuts, inhibits 's priorities for the world.
I haven't changed my BG in like two years. Because what it says hasnt changed and never will. I'll always be proud to support
right back at ya! (__)3
Twin Cities archdiocese says gave $650K last year to support gay marriage ban; dwarfed by anti-amendment group but others still to report.
^ I wasn't very good about juggling family and my career. I was interested in who was coming to the children's birthday party, what my...
At iron works studio wit & workin on this record.
HAPPY to b member of Family. Instructions from WolfPAChg to follow?
New days, new ventures... Email/mention for blogger opportunities ! Also we are looking for clothing designers to work with.
The Script & Maroon 5 > you unless you're drake (;
HA HA, LOL, LOVE THE CHOCOLATE STRENGTH! I'm working on the wine now! lol Have a fab day gorgeous!
Ima just go jump off a cliff now
We do! Check out the front of the store the next time you drive by! If the weather is nice we usually have it extended.
Next few weeks are London, LA, Vegas and NYC, but hopefully Oz for Xmas. Hop that pond!
Very fun show at tonight!
excellent. Put it on the calendar.
: we should make a distinction between metaphors and vague language. Vagueness is precisely defined, though hard to model
Yay Friday & payday!!
SAVE. GIVE. FEEL GOOD. Daily deals with meaning...coming soon to
": xo .. I want a lot of goodmorning tweets when I wake up" goodmorning big daddy primo lmfaoo (:
we are anxious to hear your style tips ;) tonight at our #WeddingCakeVodka launch!
If you aren't at The Mill in Prattville, get here! It's going to be a fun show!
lavender essential oil is supposed to keep moths away and it smells better than naphthalene
Need some help promoting the dishcrawl debut in San Diego, can you please provide an email to send more information. Thank you
Dallas is working today! Haha
Sending a proposal to FO on Monday for your services. Text me back ASAP.
Finally back home. Where I belong<3
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
But how we know who to look for? & how would we know if we found him, ? Man w/ journal?
okay sweet tizz
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there. We definitely couldn't be who we are without you-especially &
At post office, pink Floyd playing, funny!
Big Idea: students can choose what to do and can be proud of the product (eg building a solar car, or developing a musical instrument
RT You don't create jobs by cutting thousands of jobs that educate ppl on how to get or create better jobs.
Still on a high from our amazing show with SWOON at the Cantab last Saturday. Thanks to everyone who came out!
I'm a lucky girl living in Tucson Arizona, enjoying the sunshine and good weather here. I like to DIY things a lot!
Dog that shit already leaked and is weak as hell RT : #LASERS 2days !!
Pumpkin Pie "Oh My! Your feet will not only laugh w/yummy thoughts, but will thank you for this Holiday scented Foot Scrubby
I wanna go to Menchies this week!
Are a member of FetLife?
Its never too cold for ice cream!
It makes me sad to know that no matter how important you are to me I'll never be that important to you...
reckless kelly, sunny sweeney, mickey and the motorcars, and the damn quialls!! Awesome weekend!!!
.: Wondering if you want to sign wave for DM me. We'll hook you up w/ a sign.
“: One of a #Gemini's coldest features is their ability to totally detach themselves from any emotional situation #GeminiSignz”
Took 18 hour flight from LA to Bangkok with 18 month old across the aisle from me. She was nearly flawless--only one little whine
great service and wonderful company!
My wife's laptop is about gone. It'd be a better investment to toss it into the freaking ocean. Then it'd be a Dell...rolling in the deep.
you'll kill it! But when's Boston's show?!
I love the sound you make when you shut the fuck up ;)
It's a good day: graduates from Full Sail University today, and has her MFA reading tonight. So proud of these women!
Looking for a Richmond, VA Realtor for a friend who's planning to sell. Any suggestions?
♬ Hi Kathy Thank you so much for following Archie-Rose Music. "When you have Music in your life, you are never alone" ♬
Congrats to #WilliamsF1 and Pastor Maldonado on their win today in Spain!
Baaahhh!!!! (sheep sound)
. and put a bong in the dugout ferchrissakes. whatever it takes to hit the reset button. go #sfgiants !
it's usually BLAMEstorming not BRAIN storming that happens!
1st place or 2nd place they are still gonna spank the Bulls in the playoffs like they did last year .
Please dont face Big Show.
oh you know...just to like Target and stuff.
Welcome to the Space Room Lounge, where dreams are known to come true.
First WaPo delivery at the new address and there aren't any coupons. I'm not paying for news!
Have you told your friends about us?! Share our page! & Stay tuned for exclusive offers :)
YOU'RE MEAN.
“: Texas is by far the best!” Whys that?
Text me
Want the Youtube link? <3
it's ok <3
Just finished taping "Newsmakers" with Bill Bryant of WKYT. Now headed to Covington to participate in the Magistrates Candidate Forum.
Sorry it was a little loud at the start of your meal!
We gravely regret any harm we have brought our members in the process of launching our protest via
I love your guys' song!! It's flipping awesome!! [:
Face value is $15 each. $60 for all 4 seats.
thanks!!! Yours ain't too bad either! And thanks for representing my birth town! Namaste!
Way to go Obama... it takes a tremendous amount of strength to go stick with your convictions rather than give in to the will of others...
By saying that people are going to think we are going to have a 3 way. Hahaha.
i tried aha
done and done! Every day we are closer!
I did thats why I was like HAHA WHAT RT : Omg it's a Ja'mie King quote like how dare you not know that one.
no sleep… but i finished my 20 page paper!!!!! my prof said i couldn't do it in 24 hours i did it in 12!!!! and its 30 pages :)
Sorry I guess I am too busy on my #reading level to be on your CIA level
Such a beautiful day out
Locke horks for great justice! Chilly MN love from our emergency vet pro-cat Mhenlo <3
Pleasure! Thank you for supporting Boys Hope Girls Hope of Detroit!
even has 100000 followers more than u. It's kind of embarrassing please do something about that thx
- Today is taking forever! I just want to go see and
Hello and good morning. In order to bring social media to vegas...i need help putting on an event. We need 25 people to make this happen.
No I dnt but you get use to it after so long RT : You Like Staying Up ?
Awww,.. I love ya love! Oh ok,.. I'll be waiting for your call ; ) Have a good day at work!
The Mail Online overtakes the New York Times website as the most visited newspaper site on the web, according to new data.
I just said "circle back" on a call. Someone please punch me in the back of the head
ONE UP WELCOMES THE GATHERING OF NATIONS TONIGHT !!!! GRAND ENTERY PARTY TONIGHT !!!
How the hell does my mom ban me from leaving the house until she comes home when I have to go grocery shopping for her ???
Epictetus~ Know first who you are and then adorn yourself accordingly.
would love to read some of your stuff
Hey Debbie. Miss seeing you here in ABQ. How are you?
OH BET UR ASS I IS!
cool. I last talked to them in Jan. and they were still working out the kinks so I was just curious.
fresh at 106 - From Pucci to Pudding
I wait in line, make my order, wait even more for crap coffee. Thanks for sucking… I'm going to
Best Hooks gig yet. Roll on 2011. I can't thank you all enough.
newt is always ok.
Follow of the Laredo Lemurs! #bigJON has #LemurFever !
Where did they host big conferences on campus before WID and the new Union South?
Just get out here and work. Thats what we did before social media. Maybe I'm old, but... ah nevermind
I'm gonna cuz I miss u!
Hi!! Can you you email me at regard a celeb event for Bo Jackson in June. Thanx!!!
Ben Vershbow, NYPL, also mentions “edge to core”; emerging as a key concept
They tell you what to know but it's better to believe.
What did the Horny Goat get on his SAT test?
Testing from my phone
SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARON SHARIN
Haven't tweeted in forever! #miss twitter :(
back on T61 but not as active as before. No community tools. :(
Good Morning tho 😘
Writing a simple javascript for a mouse rollover to text. Just landed another web redesign job! colemensurveying.com/newsite/indext.htm
Haha great plan! :P
late night officer meetings! :)
Now carrying Flying Dog Brewery's Raging Bitch IPA & Founder’s Dirty Bastard! We didn't name them! We just like the way they taste.
Well Milwaukee, congrats on the sustainable, local restaurants
good news is she's at home, in her own bed, with family. it would be great to go that way.
I will have to send out a pound of Neuske's bacon to you both as a token of appreciation.
Online Rehab for Alcohol and Drug Addiction can help all family members. Low Cost! $399 for 90 days. www.OnlineRehabClinic.com.
The scenes set Beyond the Wall on #GameofThrones are unbelievably gorgeous. Where is that?
A zip code should not determine a childs destiny
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You*
excuse both of you. It's Katniss and I believe I'm your girl?
Q1A/Q2A: (Echoing others) New tech tools becoming second nature - we'll see increased specialization with narrow niche beats
heading back to San Francisco
I love u bestfriend
Is this true??
oh jeez, wont happen if there's no instigation
Well, I must say...Rock winning clean was indeed a huge surprise.
On Metro in DC and fellow rider is reading Emory Public Health magazine. Emory is everywhere!
OMFG I HATE CRYING!!!!!!!! UGH SOMEONE TALK TO ME IM LONELY AND SAD
Just When I Said I Want Some Reese's. Good Reese's Pieces I Just Found. (:
It got real lol RT How I dream about fighting some girl for taking my parking space at Popeyes -- lol
well.... remember what you were like or who you were before the epiphany...
Had a crazy as night wit mah niqka's wish the bro' was chylling wit us to. // now on mah way to the casa
who does everyone pick for the superbowl?
That awkward moment when someone asks you to sign their yearbook, & you don't even know them. Lol
Wow! thank you *blushing*
I hate Omniture.
lmao let's play real base ball
I was just about to drop something from my cart because amazon had a better price, suddenly $65 auto discount!
turn-based strategy game called Proximity (unpolished proof-of-concept is in my twitter pics). Will keep eye out 4 Waking Mars!
Getting BurgerKing for lunch with my dad (:
Where are the #SWMadison group photos? On a Facebook Page? I totally nailed the jump-with-hands-up-while-sitting-down shot! #TAGME!
I don't get it. Is this some kind of april 1st non prank?
Mosdef is a sensational rapper
“: William Gay needs to released after the game. RT this” should have been released after the Superbowl
I might have read one of her pieces, but never really heard of her until yesterday. So crazy how quickly it escalated.
lets get married.
We will soon be traveling to #Orlando again for a #Convention. Did you know we drive double the amnt of traffic to your booth?
Rebel needs clans so we can spotlight them on our website! casual, hardcore, it doesnt matter! get at for details! RT
: thanks for the reminder!
B Thankful fr Being Alve! Love to one and ALL!
Live debate tonight! channel 9, 7pm, or listen on KUOW. Debate will be on KCTS9.org afterward. #seattle ^jh
#SMSK tickets go on sale this Thursday at all area Wegman's... 6/9, 2 bands, Nola's. Come party wiht !!!
grooving to some funky music and hitting the mountain Wednesday for some snow boarding.
Just when you think you've hit rock bottom, it gets worse.
This Week's Coffee Chats will host the Tiger Woods Learning Center (Tues) & Corporate Executive Board (Wed) Come chat with us!
But many of the opponents were women, too...
I think there is one at the natural history museum
Considering my job, I should know better than to fall for these too-good-to-be-true social marketing 'offers'. There's ALWAYS a catch. DOH!
When she makes sure to say "friends" 3 times in 3 conversations, I think there's some subtext happening...
thank you :) <3
Ok. Fast #Day1. Had to go out w/ a bang for last night. We actually took it quite easy but wine was necessary.
Its been a looonngggg day.
Just sent u a text since I couldn't DM u back on here my man.
Cleveland Critical Mass is two weeks from today, help spread the word!
is pleased to announce that we have teamed up with Metro Family Massage and now offer great massage packages for our brides!
did big bubba get to u last night........
that's what I was told. (:
I was being thick. Wasn't at last night's debate, but thought I remembered Carl being absent. Nope. Some other.
No reinstall yet - just installed it today. Thought it might have something to do with Jetpack, as I haven't used that before.
I was always terribly shy, so a great thing that acting has done for me has forced me out of myself and made me more generous. - Judy Davis
lol i was finna say fucki it, back in tha lab tonight
Beat gramma is cards
uhh... I think you spelled 'kidrauhl' wrong ;P
thanks for making your guess about the restaurant. I'm looking fwd to see who guessed right!
All guys should learn from Mario Bros. No matter how far their princess is, they should go after her.<3
“Your willingness to look at your darkness is what empowers you to change.” Iyanla Vanzant
RT "Be ungettable and you shall get."
ahh, miss that place!! See, now you have a reason to miss Rich city
For a second there, thought music shelflisting would be easy. Then I picked up a Chopin piano sonata. But success!
Ah! Probably. Oh well. It might improve my Klout score.
It doesn't say it'll be Parks & Rec and Community's final seasons though. Unless I'm reading it wrong.
I love when u get into ur car and 4 songs in a row are ur favorites! What r the chances of that!
Bulls giving a lot time to their starters. Pointless game, too. R the pacers that much under their hide?
Paul Lambert has a LOT of football experience in that head of his. Very underrated.
I'm at Beta Brokers, where are you? Check in on neybor.com on your mobile.
Happy Easter!! Love U, 2!!
My cooking tonight is a study in cross-contamination. would be so, so proud. And by 'proud' I mean 'weeping uncontrollably.'
RT : Rokita amendment will reduce the number of employees at Department of Education.
"holy shit I got u good fucker" "eat the soap rabbit" "oh hell gimme the god damn soap!!"
Sales today at Sherwood location: 20% off all furniture, buy one get one free DVDs, CDs, and TVs so you can relax indoors with the AC on!
Thank you for the #mention! Have a great night :)
nicely done, #BU. and are pretty solid followups to
Don't be a girl that needs a man. Be a girl that a man needs<3
Yes! Just when I thought the show couldn't get any better...
I ain't even made that they hating on Lebron! F*** it! Join the damn club!
Hi Mona!!!
Just checked-in at the CHEERS Beverage Industry Conference!! Going to be a great 3 days!!
It has to end no later than May 9. They will run out of legislative days by then.
Ha! Oh lordy. Have fun this weekend cheering on Lyd!!
Exhale love.
Choose Strife
pause. Like for real for real cancelled?
Off work, going to see me best for a bit :)
why is every episode of Cops shot in Broward County, FL or somewhere near Melbourne? explain please!
Nice piece on Copycat Project
Btw first day at work went well
Today was quite an unusual day. I carried the weight of unfinished business most of the day. Thank God for tomorrows
Craig Sager's suit actually looking pretty normal today
So smart. It amazes me sometimes
Al picks up the valuable shoe sales account for Sterling Cooper Draper Bundy on this week's
I am in love with
God Bless you my Brother. Love from Miami. Would love t o open an outreach in this city. We need it.
Big Brothers Big Sisters hosts "Bigs" & other friends @ fun mixer tonite 5-8 at Humphrey's on Laclede Ave. Join us!
why does my tuesday have a case of the mondays?
Ok Cool. I have a meeting in midtown at 7:30. Gonna try to make it after if it doesn't go too late.
tinker tailor soldier spy at union south yo
Awesome tribute to the troops from Keith Urban.
An effective SEO campaign can bring a higher return on your investment than any other type of marketing for your company. Pls RT
Try Annie's or Kashi brand granola bars, they're 100% natural and one of the best choices!
Ur welcome love!! Good luck with the NYX face awards i helped u out with alil vote! I thought ur entry was super cute:)
Thanks for the queue feature! Excited to have the ability to prioritize my bookmarked course list.
Thanks to for sponsoring keynote, Glen Heimstra,
Great reporting Pierre and It takes balls to make the decision but Radulov has been lazy and a disappointment
Take that task on your list you've been dreading & do it first! Better to get it out of the way. Or if it's a maketing task, just call us!
Come see us tomorrow. We open at 11am.
Android phone back on deck. Guess I'm back to tweet life :)
This shit is serious
UPLOAD THAT SHIT
Thank you for the bday wishes, ! Was a wine + sun soaked weekend, sprinkled with pastries :)
Heyy r either of yall goin to pride this summer ?
And in a shocking development, it's Sunday night and I can't sleep...
I agree
I forgot about you last night for the first in a long time I did . I hate getting messages from you. I hate the things you do.
Thank you for your awesome guidance last week re a video and renting a microphone! Very kind of you to always help.
I wonder if the Republican House number falls below 30 in the KY State House after all the redistricting and current members leaving??
It's the 2nd round of the playoff edition of team trivia presented by tonight at 8:00! Bring your game face people!
Ibanez can you at least WORK the at bat?
Day off, so...I'm digging into Pottermore. Nine months after everyone else. Yeah! So hip.
Music Monday! Plugged in the earphones at work =) Listening to... Taylor Swift: You belong with me. Tweet if you are strongly opposed ;p
that sunburn from last week is now peeling off my face. attractive.
Aww, where's Mickey when you need a hug??? RT : Disney is not being magical right now!!!
Opening night of "La Cage Aux Folles" tonight @ Campus West,Welwyn Gdn City Herts!Glitz,spangles n men in dresses!!!Come see the show!!! X
will do. Mom already said thank you.! 😘
You ever feel like your train of thought's been derailed?
Yum, sexy body! I wanna lick you everywhere.
Chicago, we're coming for ya!
Greg Stink is in the house!!!
you guys been here longer than me.
If you could change one business decision you made in your career, what would it be?
#Isles SH as Streit called for delay of game.
If we don't have enough to go to Phoenix this summer, I'll save up a bit more & fly somewhere to meet an ICONiac i love from twitter.(:
Oysters in the house! Choptanks and Blue Points. Tis the season. Chilean Sauvignon Blanc pairs nicely.
mike I'm in vegas are you working 2nite? I wana say hi reaal fast.
Just realized why The Notebook is called The Notebook.
And a bigoted racist homophobe RT : It's not a #RPW2012 convention if I'm not called a big government establishment neo-con
RT : Don't do something that is permanently stupid just because you are temporarily upset!
LIFE OF THE CLUB... ARROGANT LIKE YEAH!
Hey FUCK THE MAVS ITS STILL WADE COUNTY
Joshua Tallent speaking about Ebook Design, Formats and Workflow stresses the importance of editing in quality ebooks.
Starting February 1, Simmons library will offer walk-in reference service in the GSLIS Lounge Tues/Wed from 11:00am to 12:45pm.
It's doesn't matter what u say or what u do. No one is going to take away my shine and happiness.
The moment you accept yourself. More people will accept you.
love reading your great A&E pieces! we've got some cool things up our sleeve #TweetSeats #IdiotLA. DM us asap!
Calling yourself 'Bournemouth' because Harry says it's a pleasure to play you ~YOLO~
Big Week
You should notice the effect in 2-3 weeks.
I have been! Cheers!
Watching "Social Network" and this is funny. RT“: Sorry Zuck, I had to do it eventually. (Actually made me do it.)”
Funny - my genome's out there for the world to download, but I think Spotify's crazy for wanting me to share my music playlists!
mentally preparing for class - nothing like continuously compounded interest
keep them at bay. Rabbits have devored my young leeks as well.
Thanks for the tweet! Much Appreciation, Have A Great Weekend!
False alarm, Boy do I need coffee this morning!
MOTHER: Why on earth did you swallow the money I gave you? JUNIOR: You said it was my lunch money.
Thanks for hanging out with us! RT : Relaxing for a few : Will have to visit again on a open mic night and listen to...
missing nyc but so glad to see my house and my family again :)
Funny how that is never their argument when the voting trends to the Left.
Im all for lettin a dude get his "Aint Shitness" out his system before trying to have somethin with me. do you lil daddy please do you lol
CART? What the heck happened?
All the LEEP 2ers are just leaving, most of them talking about crying all the way home and it being ok eventually.
I worry about this sometimes, given that if you're using a mirror you're optimizing for a flipped view...
Congrats to and on the new deal with the #Texans. 2 hard working individuals doing well.
u r the greatest role model I could ever have. I'm soo grateful to have you to inspire me. Thank u & i love you!(:
The LOOK: Blonde Is Beautiful - GoLocal Worcester
no problem! It's great and WAY easy to use and connect to FB and Twitter...and you can connect with other bloggers easily too
Will you pretty please send me the picture of that cool Pop! activity? I really want pink balloons in my library too!
See you tonight! Ricky Cruz is also on the show! Going to be an awesome night!
I like your commitment to originality. I anxiously await pictures of you cuddling with plants.
Kobe bailed OKC out #bigtime": I can't even stunt, I thought OKC was about to take that L."
I feel like the Dallas Mavericks could upset OKC Thunder in the first round of the playoffs, a veteran team vs. inexperience...
Home sick today; Bleck!
: Well as gutted as I am ... That was unbelievable
I've always imagined a #GoldBond ad with the word "Bonding" at the top w/ two dudes high fiving to a cloud of white powder
oh no! Now you both are sick?!
TRAFFIC - EB Belt @ Old Sauk - two lanes closed
RT : RT to take her out the game RT : MY BATTERY IS ON 4%
Thank you sir! Where you at these days!?
I want 2 challenge those @ my church to take a stand for our communities stop being selfish taking laps 4 self
Why tf do I even go to this school.
RT My hateful anti-Yankees exegesis, 26 years in the making, in , out today
This early Sunday morning at church ;-)
So, let's embark on a new journey and say "Adios, le book de face!"
I aint being a baby!!! You stop being a bully!!!
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
#Flesh eaten. #HighLife drank. #Backyardbrush burned in a #BBQ in a #driveway. #Drunks watched. New peeps. Happy #StPatricksDay, #Milwaukee!
Both look good for me right now.
Thanks for a great #bapi conference! Appreciate you letting us share our #API story and see you in Austin for #SXSWi!
Create. Protect. Recycle: Cerebra touts innovative 360' cradle-to-grave view of Supply Chain via IT, LPO, eWaste #Outsourcing services combo
Yes number onee FAN
I would prefer buying new workout clothes or gloves for boxing than buying make up lol
Now I'm curious! Text me.
great minds think alike
Watching the only movie that really makes me cry.
happy bday old man
no not nexus revo
1:43..that's one heck of a race, my friend. Congrats.
