Sounds like is a ringer for the team!
rt - Packing for a weekend ! Come visit me and my crew at the tent! Big signing tomorrow Uniondale!!
Meet at hotel reception or First Crush?
In line for the first time! Line is already long and it smells like heaven.
Well, definitely come see us! We want to make sure you have a button and a hug!
$120? What happened to the whole "Free Healthcare" thing?
At my first NBA game! Nuggets vs Magic
Of course she's gonna says she's happy for you and fake a smile, but look deep into those eyes...she's lying.
I'm running food at curators at 5!
I wonder if my sis gonna follow me back!!!
I'd wait for you forever, but the damn world is ending in December so please speed it up!
I like your editing skills of blurring the ex.
Hey sports, can we please stop with the brutally gruesome injuries today? Baron, Werth...no mas, please.
We'll see you soon! :) RT : cant wait til a few more months then i can actually go in lol :)
a brandon belt?
If I wanted to be a waitress, I'd do it at anOlive Garden in the Columbus suburbs. Me, I'm headed for big time. :)
a head's up display... ray bans for the ar age? or how about a biodevice inserted in your temple?
Want to hear the 2004 97X 97 A To X again? Click here: celestial.no-ip.org/97x
Yeah sure
Snow's stopped, 1 hr to showtime and Lo-Cash is serving up $3.50 beers & cocktails. Come on out!
Positive of having an all true/false final: if you go in completely blind chances are you will get at least a 50%
We went to Astoria today, and now we are watching Goonies to see the landmarks!
Nice, excited to use it. Really trying to up my game after that embarrassing NHC 1st Round.
Congrats! That is exciting.
Good to see Rivera back starting.
RT : Possible tornado touchdown 3 miles wsw of Racine at 8:02am. Reports of trees down and some damage. More on 12 News.
Covering #ofcrschneider funeral in Lake City. Hundreds of officers now at church.
During a science test, the sub told me to go to where he was and told me I should dance professionally
human stem cells to grow mice bone? Also, work is continuing with adult stem cells, because they work better.
ACMs? That's the worst.
TX! RT Follow Moms making apps
"You look like a prostitute" thanks for calling me a whore in a nice way :P
Pence got me the win lol
Woke up to snow. Winter, you're too late.
Women in Technology South Florida with help from Cross Country Homes is offering Membership Scholarship WITI's mission is to empower w…
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path. -Buddhist saying
Rain in Portland, OR too... Not in Denver, CO record temps!
brain trail
Are eating disorders addictions? Join us tonight as we discuss theses issues & more at 9PMEST at
...start counting down the days to #KingsIsland lol
That song kills me every time. Over and over. It is guilty of multiple homicide; lock it up for life in the prison of my ears
Worth blowing my voice out for sweet child of mine at karaoke last night? No. But hopefully somewhere, it helped a child. A sweet child.
He followed me too! By far my most famous follower.
True, but not necessarily stable either, correct?
Baby And Toddler Baby Bat Costume
Crazy ah i love justin bieber ..... i love his video Boyfriend OMG. Hi is so sexy hihi .....
aight bro im bout to right now
Yep :) Nah, They Wouldnt Have Killed Everyone, The Wouldve Murdered Every1 :P I'm Okay Today :) Feelin A Little Bit Blue Tho :/
Am glad that Dr. King's Dream was all-inclusive! May we all strive to make it reality.
Alot of writing...New song coming along though
I got my middle finger up, ask me how i feel.
I like your new haircut!
I just bought Dragon Speaking Naturally today for our special ed teachers that work w/ struggling writers
People beginning to gather in Sheboygan for Santorum visit.
(So nervous!!!
We at the gym with it tonight?
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength. Richard L. Evans
lol RT : RT : The #indians got Bobby Abreu? They're totally winning the 2008 World Series now.
I'm a little drunk on you, and high on summertime.
oh okay. Still not doing anything?
Love's hard, especially for those who dont know how to trust, how to listen and how to forgive again and again...
it's more fun to get you fired up
Yo son...I'm bumping that first step ep right now...got turned on from a video roundtable you did....I'm fuckin with it...
I appreciate your concern. Thank you! I had trouble with my web connection. Glad it's working now.
Instagram Cargo Cults: Not island inhabitants but all of the not-quite-right new companies that won't understand why their $1B isn't coming.
forget Bio class
RT : Go Robot Joe! / Ha! 's nickname's still sticking!
Many thanks, Anita! Its great to connect with you here, too!
They've known this was coming for some time. They are trying to hide the inflation I believe until after the election.
I really hate being sick.
Shrek wakes up when he feels like it, pours on a bucket of filth and greets the day with a "humph". Im like that but with more of a "hey"
my theory for better schools...you need do nothing more than fill the cafeteria with balloons at least once
oh okay aha <3
That is a long flight. Have done it a couple of times. Boo jet stream.
Life is good! :)
Maybe actually playing in LA as opposed to pretending you do helps “: RBI: Kemp and Ethier 24, all the #Angels 29. #dodgers”
Is it an actual iPad app or just the iphone app on the iPad? All I cld find was the iphone sized one. Thks for android info.
yea it's raining here bummer weekend for fun in the sun
4 of my 5 close homies have babies now! How we gonna explore the world! I wonder can they get away for a few months lol
Blackheads on your back? Why, that's Blackne, of course! - Sarah K.
339 Followers! Lets shoot for 400 By Wednesday! Please Help
If Dickinson gets 8 periods next year I'm transferring 
Excited to be #thisclose to launch! RT For those who haven't heard, we are giving the SMPS Atlanta website a new look!
Sunday is always a funday!
Had an amazing party last night! The hostess received over $100 in FREE product and has more coming to her! Do you want to book your own?
3 of my 4 sisters just burst into song. Amish paradise by weird al. Wow.
bouquet of flowers. Bucket of flour. Same thing, right?
That just sounds so sad.
DM We are developing a digital book & cloud to make digital academics affordable. Is the Sen Edu Committee the right start?
Yes. Beautiful instruments.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY(: go to hooters and have a AWKWARD LAPDANCE oh well at least have sone attention amd FREE CAKE!
Great, thanks for the feedback Tammy! We also LOVE those empanadas here at Cater2.me :)
RT : Look back in forgiveness, forward in hope, down in compassion, and up with gratitude. Zig Ziglar
your ball struck my foot.
": It's time to get my number changed .."
It was the only thing that looked yummy at Starbucks. Lol.
right here my nigga back to the days when we only had ZO
Far too many times!!
not a catch 22, just Something that is unfortunate.
Friday I think
omfg that's the best thing ever
Love the show and your leadership style: common sense, and what's best for the brotherhood.
Thanks for the follow gf! <--- friends...please follow.
Perfect time to listen to collie budz.
her smile is gone, replaced by tears.. some how you confirm her fears. you used to be her playmate when she got dressed up to play pretend.
ALL SHIRTS ARE ONLY TEN DOLLARS! $10! Two day shipping only 99 cents for any order! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
On the way to Fellowship of Christian Magicians!
well said
Wow, 8 straight bowl games! | That is pretty impressive | Badger school record |
that'd be a good question for
Fuckin celts lose I'm gonna just go to bed they win getting hammered
A rep for Mayor Cahn proclaimed April #Parkinson's Awareness Month w/ help from Advocates Sid & Lori Katz
We agree! That was sweet of her!
It's funny reading that while seeing a pic of you sticking your tongue out at me!
Heey watcha doing I'm just tweeting yhu during school
Go to bed or watch "Moneyball"? Why do I fight the pillow at this hour yet when the alarm blares at 5am... that pillow is ALL i think about.
1 sec let me tell you his name and if you want to check on his stuff ALEXLUKE19 Want to see his place right now?
Stop the tape and rewind. <|3
One week left of bachelor life. Funny how time flies
mr what happened to hope & change? it's mostly fear mongering & misinformation you offer us now... Comments sir?
Lol,alright,why?
hello fellow beyonceee fan (;
left out
Hey , we'd love to talk to you all about an upcoming arts event in D.C. What's the best way to get in touch?
Really!? Hm I will need to check this out!
please rt if u didn´t now you have ecuatorians fans
LAFF ASS MY BUTT OFF!
Hey Madison! Hope your day was ICONic! #followback ??
#SACUBO keynote: Judge Beau Patterson "the BO's Key Assett-Leadership" starts with a rap (oh my)
My mother is insane...
almost ready.
RT Mastrophobia is the irrational fear of breasts.<is this real?
That Neon Trees song is really cool...
All this news about concerts and shit is is really irrelevant to me lololol. Austin should come to narnia. ((:
#NOSCA priorities: equity in college & career readiness; leadership in systemic ed reform; transformation of #schoolcounselors practice.
the Cubs? “: Has there ever been a team anywhere in any sport that chokes as much in the postseason as the #Canucks?”
thanks!! Sis love you that means a lot
Garlic Stuffed and Black!
When the terra cotta starts falling to terra firma after a year, then it's time for somebody to pay the man
Sold out show tomorrow night with all that remains.....this is going to so much fun
I am now following
Beautiful women dressed as sex kittens selling perfume with a blank, vacant look in their eyes. Welcome to the Panama airport!
those shoes ruined my knee! :(
Your words carry a lot of weight today, so make sure to use them with care.
sick as anything, again :/ home sick for me..
don't listen to his nonsense...wes check my TD# this season I threw a TD for every time I slept with your mom
agreed. I miss you all the time. You are very irreplaceable.
This man is fine ass hell.. Dam
“: I got a call for 2 interviews for positions in the media field! God is GOOD!” Yes He is; make us proud!
will you be in Cali anytime soon?
Hey I am headed to Sharks for dinner tonight based upon your recommendation!
“: #FF RT : This is my first rodeo. I've never been to a rodeo.” / Rodeo Drive?
Derivatives don't financially ruin people, people financially ruin people;-)
what network is it on? i can't find it
' Sure! You two are fucking sexy. Wait! I just called my sis sexy. Eww ;)
Ditto. Best time of year. Regardless of race or religion.
Yeah buddy! #800!
I parlayed giants and under. Win!!!! Go Tribe!
becuz my momz in mexico and my stepdad cant cook or clean and hes goes to work rlly erly so he cant take us to school
Check out www.TenacityCircusArts.com for updates, new session registration, and upcoming workshops! Get Healthy Denver workshops Jan 8-9!
My Loofah Cookies look just like a Pop Tart, except mine are made of Loofah n Soap They smell like you just want to take a bite,..Hm
We will! We will try to figure something out!
I got hit on my by ex's former bandmate. Who happens to be dead-sexy. Is that wrong?
Martha felt entitled because of her efforts. We're not entitled to God's favor by our efforts but rather Jesus' efforts!
you're in Cali? And waking up at 2:45am?!
WHO THE FUCK IS MAN. UNITED?
Who says they don't? RT : Y do young ppl 2day give no consideration to #STD,#unwantedpregnancy, or#consequences be4 bed hopping?
it doesn't matter what you write as long as you write what you feel
Calling bands for
Too many nonprofits ignore their existing donors when they start raising funds online, says
Check out Google doodle 2day celebrating St. Patrick's Day with a nod to the Book of Kells created by medieval Celtic monks
RT : . is celebrating Small Business Month with a Twitter Chat today noon-1pm. Join the conversation
Is the Braun MVP ceremony tonight of tomorrow?
At BJs Club today, Mom Friend to Me: Oh look, bacon! Me: Sorry, I only eat homecured bacon. #snottytweets cc
I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, I love you #MahomiesForLife please please follow me :)
#YouKnowYouDrunkWhen sneak in ur girlfriends bedroom window&have the #nastiest #beastiality type sex ever,then realize ur moms house
so cozy in bed with the rain :) <3
If you're a true #Mizzou fan there are 2 teams you root for, #Mizzou, and any team that is playing
Picked up our Thanksgiving capon and now my hair smells like smoked meats.
#pghpenguins #pens “Please pull Johnson out of the cage!” <3
I don't get it. Why do people txt me and then stop?????
thanks boo (:
(also: good luck!)
Good Morning :)
A person is only beautiful, when their own beauty, is reflecting on to others. ~ Tara Grady
I'm here for u now baby
Now following :-)
The intuitive application of exercise principles... -MindFirstFitness
teaching niggas how to fly... taylor gang or fucken kill your self!
you can look for casting calls... And build a team
The Perils of InfoPath « Ellen&#39;s Digital Workplace
Dude, yes, me too. Ovaltine is where it's AT.
I thought of your priceless words of wisdom while at work today - "every good library project starts with a Google doc!"
Slick Rick Springfield
Bra-less Saturdays!.
Playing tonight with the trio at Bistrot Lepic in Gtown. Join us for jazz and wine.
My grandparents were talking about moving. #pleaseno #tomuchheretoleave :(
#Relationshiptips listen to jack Johnson the first morning they have stayed over, make coffee, clean the bathroom before she comes over.
I knew that. :) I was just having fun and being positive. I hear you about the learning. And yes, eyes wide open.
Yeah. It's the weirdest thing.
Tonight at 11 .... local musicians who appeared on American Bandstand remember Dick Clark.
Getting ready to head down to Blue Dust for some Smoked seafood and Troegs beers. Trust me the smoked oyters are killer. Starts around 7.
follow back family -Rico
#DogScandal ! abuses dogs eats dogs But has bought a dog for his kids?
now following
Starting this beautiful morning with some ballet barre then studio with Slater and Hamrick! I'm such a happy camper
You need Genuine Problem Solvers around you who want to solve problems for you so you can solve problems for others.
Morning all! Headed to the Rep. State convention in Green Bay this morning! see you there. Todd Hicks TMJ4 Milwaukee
Best handgun under $250? What's your favorite?
I don't know how to take candid pictures. -.- Need more practice
YOU are???
Layin in my own bed feels good
Just smashed on some campers in 2v2
Okay, I'm all for exciting games but this is absurd. Why can't the #Capitals just win already?!
This Brian McKnight Video by Funny or Die ....
Come in this morning for a freshly baked savory scone and hot coffee...and of course some oatmeal cookies!
Something very rhythmic about the way business travels board a plane, with ease in concert, its efficient. I heart it!
Glad you like them! haha something to remember me by :)
Please check it out.
Wow...surgery makes using electronics difficult. Especially when ur down to 1 hand. Sry I've been MIA twitter...but I'm baacckk!!
In the internet age, there is a pr0n for every requirement.
were homeless , made my day bby :)
what the fuck is wrong with our counntry c: lol. because of me.
when lies become the truth, thats when i run to you. <3
somebody using excel as a database again?!?
I do recollect you mentioning this tidbit of info. I shall check it out bromance! 📢
Failure has to be an option. Beth Comstock, GE.
Everything comes out in the wash.
Went this morning for the #hungergames premiere and it was amazing <3
Nice! gets a No. 5 seed in the NCCA Tournament!
Now would probably be a good time to get out of bed.
#BHAG(s) to Stimulate Progress: "Democratize the automobile." via
Hold it against me!
sure tell him we say hi!
We got you covered :) Happy Wednesday!
Life is a climb, but the views great (: love that quote from the hannah Montana movie! Js XD
That awkward moment when you ask your parents a yes or no question and it becomes another freaking lecture!-__-
And I got a Sonic!!
Nothing brings two people closer than when they hate the same person, haha.
The fear of death is among the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead.
We're sorry to hear that. :(
Big win over SW last night. They are MUCH improved and coached by my good friend Donnie Bostwick. Rams are 57-1 in last 3 seasons at home
to many people at one place to have fun. Maybe go back on a mon lol
Interesting question. Considering he did so much on the job learning, yes. If you want more, perhaps we can email.
Monster Mania Pit Party @ LazyE Arena starting in 30 min! Head this way now to get autographs & go for a ride in a Monster Truck!
Give Me Everything Tonight-Pitbull
Thank to 311!
SXSW news coming tonight!
lol I got you
Come home
The mechanics of punching a book.
Pain killers<3
we need to talk.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 24
#MM thx for sharing my #music & other artists!
Last min decision to see 2 movies in a row w my baby girl.
Congratulations to Radiology Equipment Services in San Diego for wrapping up their initial Salesforce build this week. RES resells radiolo…
WOW!!! I'm bored I see #whenimhigh is trending...hum??? Lemme get ready for that one...
Tonight's episode of #TheWalkingDead is scaring the you-know-what out me, and I'm LOVING it!
They cloak greed in legislation that they paid to create.
You're all there?! Sounds like a highly suspicious "work field trip."
It was good. I'm glad we went.
BUT DO U GET IT POPPIN
My twitter app is acting funny..
It's starting to fill up here at for the Q2 #TechSocial. I better grab. Fran's chocolate before they all go bye bye.
Definitely hope she doesn't think I'm going Saturday wit these baby sitting shit hell naw.
RT RT when u a grown ass man watching bad girls club.... #aintnobodygottimeforthat <<<
just booked another show at Jones Beach Theatre!! this time, we're opening up for Maroon5, Train and Gavin DeGraw!
You are an Officer and a Gentleman, sir. Thanks for the everything! Safe travels-
Don't get caught by surprise, understand customer usage and adoption and take a proactive approach to prevent churn
with you when you right
referring to Barton being sent off?
I'm fucking up.
Oh shut up or I will poke you in your eye
Hey - working on the (U.S.) holiday? Good day for many to study and play with #ZBrush !
I NEED TO FIGURE OUT WAT IM FINNA DO..ROLL WITH U OR ROLL OUT
My New Video is out!!! www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
We've got two more shows scheduled tonight, 8 and 10pm. Just for you. Wouldn't it be a shame if you weren't there to see it? Yes. It would.
Bad chest cold, I want to play poker tonight but may need to take off the night and rest.
was really happy about the highlights i got at first now idk..
be safe homie
Robert Kennedy often encouraged great societies, "To whomever much is given, of him will much be required." (from the book of Luke). - JDG
the Smart Guy kid, probably cooks meth now
Well make it happen somehow. Watever it takes
just slip out the back, jack...make a new plan, stan...you don't need to be coy, roy...just get yourself free
Reading and discussing with at Periodically Speaking panel at New York Public Library: June 14th, 6PM
Excellent article, Turkey gets spared a lot of critical reporting... according to Wikileaks Erdogan has terminal cancer...
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific
When my pillow is cold >
Nothing can make you feel like your gym membership is a waste of money quite like trying on a pair of
#love is a gift
at bj's with my momma <3
Take time to show your sons and daughters real love! You expected it too!
Exciting weekend. Magic, a wedding, water guns, and hiking. Monday, you suck.
my butt hurts and I'm freezing
Perfect Game!
safe travels BB.
no email support listed on ur contact page?
Damn Shariah just txt me saying imma lame nigga
been trying to text you
Wow. What a sad little man. RT:“: didn't know you were actually gay..... #unfollow sad” No skin off my gay back!
I'm going to see him the 19th
Informative day planned talking about mobile dev at Mobile Strategies Forum sponsored by
RT : "Let's Have a Kiki" is my new summer anthem. So great!
Thank you for your support! Equality knows NO race, sex, class or orientation.
Hey krbe, when is todays giveaway of the ipad?
I wake up earlier on the weekends than I do for work.
is it what i think? if so dont say what it is...lucis only a sevy
Also, had a really good time at Fenton Lake. Managed to catch 7 trout. Rainbow and Brown. Beautiful fish. Beautiful overcast day, too.
is this andrew and faisal fight really happening ... ?
Sacramento Kings trade away #7 pick for John Salmons, pick. But why? We think they're gearing up for something bigger. www.bartenderme.com
i have a buy one get one for ! thursday?!?
On my way to work. Imma need a prayer to get thru today....
lol could have fooled me
Monday its morgan
Texting this wonderful one >> (:
Happy 50th birthday ! We're bringing back classic cocktails from 1962 tonight - just ask Mike our bartender about it!
R & B late night does the mind great....
Watching present on the new stuff in the unreal engine at GATech. Awesome stuff.
what event?
you read my mind. I want at least 20% equity if im gonna do it tho
im with it ill be in cali stsrting monday
i cant study for it
It's weird knowing I won't be going in to work today...
im not watching that piece of shit!
wow- what a great site! //storywheel.cc
Colin Ferguson was a founding member of Second City Detroit (I worked with them in Chicago).
Oh Houlton, how I don't miss that long, long drive to your courtroom. (Takes less time to get to NYC from Boston.)
I am so stressed out right now. -___-
Honouring active contributors on Reach website
“: Justin Bieber in minor crash today in LA in Ferrari. He is reportedly OK, not hurt. More ”
#GoTribe the INDIANS have more wins than the RED SOX. #GoTribe!
Damn. was too engrossed in his phone convo to realize I was trying to get his attention at Starbucks.
S/o to the shutters on my window .My room is pitch black & i love it . It feel like its still night time
Nahh I'm just playing, bron is the most talented player in the world. The best?
Hey, Tracy -- welcome to the chat!
so fucked for this test its disguisting
Yes! Perfect weather for my favorite sport: Leering
Your not a man,your just a boy that shaves &you put on a good cover.Cus if you dont respect her when she says no You certainly dont love her
that sounds bloody brilliant? YouTube evidence?
Eye of Fatima gets me every time...Lisher and Krummenacher are unheralded geniuses...
nothing could spoil my good mood right now!
If a girl gets back with her ex-boyfriend, at what point does he become her boyfriend again? Is he now an ex-ex-boyfriend?
The trends today are wack
Haha, life is tough back in the U.S. of A
Without taking chances in life...you're always left to wonder, what could have been.
I got money in the bank Shorty what you think about that?
I'd say banana creme pie
two tens for 2nd dance, one for first... All the rest nine's
ohh! I got my wallflip outside! I tweaked my ankle Thursday so I won't be able to do angel drops til next week outside
I wonder who would pay 5000 dollaz for a sex doll when they got hoes out here giving up p$$y fah free lmao
College.....UGH
thanks ss much for following mme!!! I love yyou!!
I'm lucky I put a bra and shoes on to be honest. Haha
Organic growth is much more valuable than buying fans
Follow plz :D
Right People +Timing = Opportunity
Boats are at their best when rocked.
broken social scene, sorry for the neglect. please accept my listening to you all day as an apology.
Curious what you hear for vs.
my watch is zebra print with some white diamonds WOOP WOOP
"The gratification comes in the doing, not in the results." -James Dean. HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!
congrats! Your first?
Hey any storms on your side of town yet? Not much weather over
yay Dallas! Welcome!
i got this. well on that note im headed to the studio!
Finally off from a long day time to kick back and relax
Also, FYI: I'll soon bug you about what you want my students to read in advance of your guest lecture.
Satrapi: "I have a problem w/ the Internet... makes world a small village - everyone sees if you have a finger in your nose." [rolls eyes]
Going to look at cars, finally found a decent priced honda hybrid. Wish me luck! hopefully driving it home! :)
a double win is the goal 4 DC 2today
The Skort, skirt in the front, shorts in the back; it's like a mullet for your butt.
the lady is about to BURN!!!!
Very similar to my view, you must be near by. /waves
you asked me what my sign was and i told you it was STOP. I love that song.
Q2. Yes! Mobile first is great. Mobile optimized websites are the first step we recommend when beginning a mobile strategy
it great right
Wearing the hottest lip stick ever!!!
just kidding.. Now come over and eat
Had a great show tonight . www.focusSocietyMastermind.com
University of Florida&#39;s Kytra Hunter Receives Honda Sports Award For Gymnastics
Always do your best and you never fail
Poor , he's really going to have to DIG DEEP for some show topics this afternoon
Hell yeah!!
LET FINALS BEGIN...and may the odds be ever in your favor...
That's fantastic! I'm glad you got to go and glad you had a good time!
Really What the fuck! People should be happy just to see u play Who cares about if u came on late.
Dang it just tuned in and your cut already
Dear JLo in the Fiat commercial,...Go Fuck Yourself!
WHATS UP DENVER ITS A BEAUTIFUL DAY OUT!
"You cum on your wounds for protection?"- Rube Sheeber
Awesome week of great weather on the Union Terrace.. Enjoy today... cooler by the end of the week
why not stop by #OAH2012 while you're in Milwaukee this weekend? Lots of relevant history to be had!
I earned the Ten Pound Club badge on Lose It!
RT : So the guy who bought MySpace is now in charge of the company that didn't buy Facebook.
Do u think revenue loss = end of press? I think it just shows a change in the how not the why.
Yes we are by getting rid of you!
RT : Opportuninty! RT : "Smartphones r owned in higher number by ppl of color" - on tech &...
Yeah! Everypeople workshop added strings for our show at transistor on the 18th.
Gotta start job hunting
Agreed. I live near DC and I'm excited to go see the shuttle @ the Smithsonian.
NP: Al B. Sure. - night and day
Happy new year assholes :) stay with that quote ::
The good die young, even though they aren't supposed to.
#SaySomethin is amazing... Its juss perfect... Thanks Austin for everything... Ur an amazing person. Love u.
Social night sounds fun! We're excited to feature PRSSA in a MyCSU video!
Don't let insecurity ruin the beauty you were born with <3
“: Chapter 11 furniture commercials make me want to drive my car off a cliff.” their mattress really are comfortable!! Love mine!
DM me the acct tel #, i'll check a few things
any reason?
The only reason I ever need a chiropractic adjustment is because I get so tense in the waiting room. waiting.
What's your favorite sound?
My crystal ball foresees some whining bulldogs and a big fat W for Bucky
I strongly believe everything happens for a reason .
You pull one quote out of the air like it establishes orthodoxy. The guy committed suicide & that speaks volumes.
And everything will be just fine.
awww i love u sam:-)
But 30 duplicates in that size a sample seems avoidable, no? Wouldn't the campaign do a sample and notice the problem?
Why is it All the people I've babysat for have such well behaved kids!!?! :))))
What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying? The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving.
My man kills on his new record
Any runners out there dealing with the it-gets-too-dark-before-I-even-get-off-work blues? Nighttime running creeps me out.
I just unzipped Google...it felt dirty...
Pike Picnic in the Park was a nice new way to enjoy Sunday dinner with the fam :)
Nah, busting heads! RT : Two more sets of tweets. Oh, going there? Come on #cenation, back me up.
LOL - i had "boo" on mine then took it off! great minds... :)
Who's watching the Golden Globes pre-show on E? Can't wait to see all of the gorgeous gowns!
This is great napping weather..
Therapeutic Massage is not a luxury anymore. Poor posture, hi stress levels, weight gain, weak core muscles, a massage plan is necessary
haha it was a fun night ended a lil soon, but fun! Haha
Hey dudes are you ready to!
Google's Eric Schmidt: In an established company like Google the challenges for the future are always internal.
The best constitutional right is the 30 days or your money back one.
You got hasseliebe in my shcadenfruede!
hell ya nigzzz haahahhaha can't wait!!? EEk
<3 “ without you two I don't know what I would do”
I'm 3 eps behind on New Girl but am loving the athlete possibilities of Winston's new workplace. Might Fox Sports Radio personalities b nxt?
Tee hee #ImStillAKobeHater :) RT : Can we cut ALL OF THESE BUM ASS DUDES RIGHT NOW MITCH?- Kobe right now..
Why is Baltimore such a cheap place to fly from Boston? Not complaining, just wondering.
wish your headline never existed there are enough ignorant people out there without the help of a major media channel.
Wat did she do'?
that was a fantastic tweet!!!
the #PHXCC is on the 24th-27th of May i hope 2 release before that. editing is taking longer than i planned & thank you for the help
Yahoo! Small Business Launches Marketing Dashboard
Super excited for #shameless tonight
Done with the haircut!
Get ready!!! Voting starts tomorrow for the Jill Scott competition, so I need everyone's vote!!!!
you r so cute<3
Very interesting - thanks! Getting behind a good cause is a great way to engage
How does Kiss still get gigs?
Do digital libraries create a preservation problem by moving born digital content to tape? Sometimes.
proceeded into the cvs bro hope someone helps her before I come out cause I think I'm peeling on her!!
We should give masochists a fair crack at the whip
Cheap Prescriptions - Reduced Costs up to 28% - Pathmark - Generic Drugs -
- This Monday #OTAs start. We will call this Monday
Serious hostility coming my way from the 2 seat, for some unknown reason..
MUSHROOMS! and prosciutto
yeah buddy
#2ChainzNextLyrics - 2 Chainz so my neck is froze. Cry for me like Mario. Got a black girl & a white girl, so when we together OREOS!
The audition went well...ate at Hard Rock now having a blast at City Walk
Almos done with my essay! Yeyaya
#wtf I MISSED the #LockedUpLovers preview?! I'm so ashamed. I'm at work and I can't listen to it! FUCK MY LIFE =[
I forgot how much I missed yoga until I went tonight & loved every minute of it!
#Breaking: spokesperson says fed judge has lifted stay that allowed TX to exclude their clinics from #WHP. Stay tuned.
Why do you text me? You kniw what it does to me.
kinda wants the beard party to be a bunch of "straight" dudes with their trophy "wives", now that would be funny!
follow back? :)
haha yes I know that. I can tell with Evan..
I got this drink in my cup
You crashed the site!!! :)
That was a really nice piece! Thank you for sharing that.
Soo God!! RT": 5 hours of music making "yesterday" with and = 5 hours of 100% awesome!"
hahaha good. I love you eric haha :)
just landed, literally still on plane! Will check out the slides tomorrow. Nice meeting you and !
GO BEARS
I'm so tired
Hector's response to Danny "Hahahahahahahaahhahaha wow."
ch'e bella!!!
completely agree. The 2 clips after the credits were great!!
I'm just hoping this #Orioles game is over by the time #MadMen starts.
S/O to Austin King for his speech in 3rd block
MLG reports a total of 3.5 million viewers this year. MLG reported that viewership was more than major TV Networks.
Nature does nothing uselessly.
whats the question
For realzies? Dont mess with my heart RT Heading over to see BTK!
My favorite Links moments: "Disaster" Dickau, your 9/11 posts and, speaking of April Fools, "streetballer" Jesse Dunn.
itunes saved the day. It was SUCH a good episode!
Just curious- what's a NHTer?
This week has been a blur
Smoke and Fuck
call me!
Sherrie Tucker uses "straightness as a queer analytic" in asking "When did jazz go straight?" Insightful and entertaining!
If you haven't heard She's the One by then you are seriously missing out! Might just have to bump it in the whip lol
thank you!! You pray for me too!
Silly rabbit tricks are for kids!
Good night mi gente !!
The strongest most confident people Are the one's who have been broken the most
great analysis!
yup. never again.
thank you!
UPS and FedEx just delivered packages to my house at the same time...
Haha, no worries. I'd say let's catch up now but I'm about to crash. I'm at an extended HH tomorrow.
Hey, is this thing on?
you're right, I shouldn't even stress it because people will continue to hate on him no matter what, sadly :(
is cracking me up with this new lately. I love her so much.
Thx! I will! See you Monday night at the Garden.
Tonight, 8pm, NYC: , , , are all waiting to make you !
Please stand by. Commission meeting will start shortly.
Wow! I bet.
on my way in a bit.
Bummed to be missing tonight at Water St, but pumped to see him in Aug at Outside Lands.
Will Ferrell on SNL? Let's see if he's still got it
Another trend #advanced #analytics applications I agree.
": #ONLYBLACKPEOPLESAY once u go black u never go back"black people dont say tht ha
RT Shorter Newt: I'm Reagan. (drops mic) #FLdebate Noway He,s no reagan
ok haha. A lot of the guys where I live would probably get mad or something
RT « Reason to root for the Nets to lose? There is potential for a 4-way tie for 6th (Lottery standings) between NJ, TOR, DET, GS»
THe Super Mystery Jackpot ($80) clue is: The lead singer of this song had a number one hit with another group when this song was released.
RT : RT : It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do a little~Sydney Smith
Where's this thunderstorm?!
Who wants to bring their sick friend egg drop soup?!
yes Pappy then you can show us poor fans your best cover in that super cool plane :D How about a contest for the gang?
AMHN 8/k out, watching for more volume...
I like to use the word dude as a noun or an adverb or an adjective!
It's supposed to be 72 degrees and sunny tmrw- come hang on Brady w/me- going to see how many patios I can hit!
RIP Bert Jansch of Pentangle fame. Another musical trailblazer dies of cancer at the young age of 67. Sad to hear.
Your mom is so FAT.. the only thing that's attracted to her is gravity.
You'd think, right?
I am trying not to be mad. It's not working.
“: always roll with a book” [words to live by]
Thank you so very much, Dale!
Working today at South Park Mall, Gotta love #xmas gotta, love anyone else working holiday season
did we? then how about the master three parter?
I consistently misparse your username on here, and then my brain throws a segfault when it gets "chuckless mith".
We want everyone to post #BuildDayMemories from last year. If you have one share it with your followers!!
too late and you wouldn't dare...
#RIPBIG best to ever do it
New up and coming back ! Go follow them, If they get 100 followers they will release a track from their E.P.!
I can picture u n lace the eating kind so could other but there 2 afraid 2 say so any material girls n Jerri Curls Plaform Shoes
Happy Easter!
Wow I come to twitter and find that is trending! This is so cool! He has such loyal fans.
I think I lost my unicorn
I mean, they were pretty much directly quoting from my mother. Truth.
SO PRECIOUS AWWWHH
Looks like I'm riding solo tonight
WHERE EAGLES DARE is like a live-action version of Castle Wolfenstein! (The original '80s Apple II game, not the '90s FPS.)
With all that has happened with this past year it makes me so sad but you have been so strong! your kids are so precious =)
"I am thankful for the difficult people in my life. They have shown me exactly who I don't want to be."
What step is tripping you up? (If you'd rather continue via email, L-at-Shelby-dot-tv)
So both LA NBA teams #3 and #4 found out why the other teams finished #1 and
Campus is closed until 1 pm today! Power's out...
took 2.exams in 56 mins in done thank god
A hug means I need you. A kiss means I love you. A call means I miss you.
do y'all have any depends? I might pee myself.
Damn why Do i have to be sick ugh i need a boyfriend to take care of me!
Congratulations Maria Medoza on your 4th Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Franchise Owner! We value our business relationship with you!...
oh my goodness! He did retweet you!! Are you happy?? I sure would be(: hehe(: I love you(: #follow?(:
message me if you have good tips for generating high PR backlinks...
Damn you ears & eyes . If i didn't have them my day would have stayed peaceful . Haha.'.
The energy out of on stage is pretty impressive. "we pre load all apps on our iPads"
Cal's lack of scores doesn't do their story justice. They are really 3 turnovers away from actually winning this game...they blew that int.
come on Sam. When is it your turn to be on DWTS!! You'd rock!!
Its so weird how I can call shit before it happens when it comez to people.
So psyched to host tomorrow night's ! Come get some drinks on me, and grab a postcard for an AMAZING headshot deal!
I'm wondering if I should even bother taking a shower cuz it's so hot. yeah, I know I should have done it by now lol #biteme lol
#mobileappred continuous client developer
We've got 11 followers! watch out! We're going places on
#Wondering - Can you cheat your Tweets or is this a game w/ no rules (only word limits)?
Walkoff Saturday! Another game in less than 12 hours
If I wore one I'd probably be the only one to get yelled at for it though.
can u convert that price for ur magazine to american dollars please? I have have 7 yr old PDD andwould like more info
LOLOL FINDING CUTE GUYS TWITTERS FROM SCHOOL AND FINDING OUT THEY ARE A TOTAL DOUCHE. COOL.
Eavesdropping on a table of retired gentlemen talking about the "good old days." Ever wonder where a writer gets her ideas?
All I want is for my hair to grow :c
Follow He is a good #writer of some funny #poems and thought provoking sometimes controversial stuff! #FF bit.ly/c3z6Jx GOOD!
RT : RT : The white guy community needs to do more in order to distance itself from these acts.
Leaving for Writing Retreat #2 in 2 hours!! First stop? COFFEE!!!!!
My love for Kian is undiscribable <3 I think I spelled that wrong tho' >.<
Attending SoxFest on January 28th at the Palmer House Hilton. I can't wait for the White Sox!
Anyone heard of or expect interest in Ramon Sessions?
i dont even remember da lazt time i didnt get faded on a Saturday but i made up my mind and im not drinking today #aint feelin it lol
Listen to our album for free at Bandcamp.com and look at our weiners for $1.
I think it would be something like "Je suis le poinçon visage!"
they were probably aiming at CJ Watson
NOT ALL OF THEM #offended. :/
Today I learned that the guy who directed THREADS also did TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE. But which was the more scarring experience?!
miss Jay
Looking for mature #gamer #gamers to start a crew w for #maxpayne3 on #xbox hit me up if intrested
Gonna listen to some while my office mate is at lunch ;)
Expecting a Baby? 4 Money (and Life) Saving Tips | Everybody ...
Are you going to Decorex at the end of the month?
Writing a new song... And it's about you!
And second seed in the East is very possible!
Thanks for following!
If Mark Twain were alive his Twitter feed would be off the chain!
Dat ain't right! He should always keep the homies up on game
agreed! If the building blocks of everything is energy, then wouldn't it be beneficial to consume absorbable energy?
May the fourth be with you!
Should driving with "FIDO" on your lap be outlawed in the State of New Mexico?? Rhode Island is trying to do it. What you say? Tune...
When doesn't know who wrote Anne Frank... #uh haha
you deserve to. your the most dedicated/obessed girl on here. lol, joking joking. im jus curious how you get all those pics
Well if you battle me I will revile. People always say my style is wild. You've got gall, you've got guile. Step to me, I'm a rapophile.
They have good customer service, great warranty and warranty support, easy to use, easy to clean, not heavy, etc....
#NP : ”1000 albums came out last year and I get one” #DavidBanner SWAG
lard is the word haha
Thanks for your support, John! I hope you're having a great day.
A beer before a school meeting? Tsk Tsk.
I wish he'd message me. If we had all the same classes together like last year, we'd talk everyday...like last year.
One of Boston's hidden treasures ...speaking of...let's hope this week turns up their stolen artwork.
i just updated my MX records for Google Apps but i am not receiving mail still How long will it take? can you help speed it along
Fab. Design Tip: Tiling your floor? Using larger tiles will give you a feeling of a larger space.
Museum day! :)
Getting a kick out of the overlap between Forbes and Departures.
you and i'm a huge fan of yours if you would just follow me i would be so happy
you are verified ! :D<33333
OF COURSE NOT YOU, CRAZY GIRL!
Hi, did you see my email?
and of course, walk up and introduce yourself
Didn't catch it, what happened?
Truth RT : Kentucky Breakfast Stout &amp; The Misfits at = better than what you're doing.
Watching The Bad Girls Club gives me a sense of superiority.
I keep picturing him in that line, waiting to meet Lois Lane - heartbreaking. "I'm just SO ecstatic right now!"
Hm Same time?
it was pretty tasty.
Hopefully i go to 's presentation tomorrow <3
I'm cooking at the moment! Lol
Back to work after a few days off. Taking a deep breath. Opening inbox....
Unscratched ex library stock. Double album - SAMPLED - Virgin records. If you like your breaks 40 soul,jazz, funk originals. Tunes!.
I lost a great friend today.
I don't care much for leftovers so I'm going to do today different than yesterday.
it's ok :( Jk an I'm just playin
Not yet. I probably won't hear anything for another week or two, at the earliest.
I got all my bills online and if I ever went shopping maybe I could use those coupons #workfromplane :)
Not the best caprese salad today. Brown avocados and a pit in an olive.
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back ~ Henry Youngman
is happiest with her silly family. <3
cutting you out of the picture was the greatest thing for you and for me.
thanks! We'll get to your invite real soon!
Moderate use of technology as to search in the Internet, stimulates the brain cognitive performance and prevents Alzheimer. / Dr Gary Small
I have waited over a year for a reply back... Ugh
Did the #ClevelandBrowns even practice these last two weeks? This franchise is a mess
Do you practice attachment parenting? Tell us how it has or hasn't worked for you for our noon show
Global warming is just Jesus's warm love coming closer and closer!
Muahaha...What happened my friend?
#swag #swag #swag <3
I wish I lived closer to that Disney exhibition - SO amazing and my dad would LOVE to see it!
I'm down
you know what i hate i hate when a dam bird thinks he can do whatever the f*ck he thinks by shittin on someone, good thing it was my friend
It's noon and I'm JUST having my morning coffee. Well I guess it's considered afternoon coffee now.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 14
To entice myself to finish grading, I'm not turning on Christmas music until I'm done.
Bored, lonely, loving the weather though. Rain is always the personification of what I feel, a bit of sunshine now and then.
People say the most ignorant things. Do you have a brain?
One of my all time favorite movies! Does this make you love him even more? Brad Pitt cried watching 'Life as a House'
on your place's like that? Me too. Suck, and more pretty slow lol than there
heart and mind open singing the Whiskey Lullaby
So fly
lol me too
We decided to just fully immerse ourselves into Coachella 2012. We did that… now we are back. Recaps coming soon- fuck, it was awesome!
Pay attention to anxious adaptors like fidgeting, clicking pen, clearing your throat. Erica Lamm offers confidential consultations,
The Carbon is active tonight baby!
About ready to start the March Professional Development event on private development with DAI, Chemonics, and IREX at #peacecorps HQ
you feel me? lol Pokemon is ageless to me.
I the cabs that look like police cars....
great interview on friday with victor cruz... the kid is a class act..
#Huguely lawyer says defense medical expert did "not see violence" after reviewing Love's autopsy/medical reports.
ow my head hurts.
Just a thought..what does do with all the bras that are thrown onstage??? I'm curious.
wanna go see drake?
Sushi dinner with some of the raddest gals around... Who aren't on the Twitter. A good Friday indeed. should be here.
Subject I never learned in first grade: Wumbology.
I love how you think you know the reason behind my tweets :) its so cute :)
I dont click links of people with eggs for pictures..
Ohio sucks RT : Need responses for my next article on Do you consider the #Indians and the #Reds a real rivalry?
Great to see Jane Lynch talking about #MarriageEquality on Piers Morgan Tonight ... thx for the support Piers! Love you Jane!
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':7
It is Follow Friday! Add us in your #FF tweets today and we'll follow you back RT!!
is waiting for that Brewer rally to start any time now.
We Not Even Together And You Already Fu*kin Up...
#sometimesyouhaveto smile even tho it hurts *takes deep breath* ^__^
: we could just agree to share 's birthday present. or 's. *cough cough
Sadly, I have no hug emoji on my computer :(
Thanks for the site!
I'd like to see a graph over time of who's applauding on their feet during the #sotu and which line prompted them.
Number 8 is on the way
Ridin solo...lovin me so much I'm ready 2 make luv 2 me....llfs...life is good!
What it do? Miss u guys...
Pettitte is going to make his debut this year on Sunday! I BETTER NOT BE FUCKING WORKING!!!!
This acid makes me feel like I'm on the "Starships" video.
what about djs
I'm sticking with Chicago tomorrow
yep. that's why we spent so much time on the street.
So what's everyone doing for new years eve??
Thierer begs to differ w/Berman - we have way too many filtering solutions. Berman retorts that there's no simple solution.
happy two year, indianapolis. i'd give you a big ol' kiss on the cheek if i could!
hello i sent u a message on Facebook can u get back to me as soon as possible
I could use a back massage right about now
After a defensive stop, Roper finds Sippio for another touchdown pass, Preds lead 20-7.
Happiness is when your husband cleans up the aftermath of a giant hairball the cat yakked up right as you're leaving for work.
DeLeo responds to Grogan: "It is my position that any type of new tax, I just don’t think right now is the right time to do that."
: Gotta say what's up to my midget friends.. Ok well I only have one!! ☺-- eh, he's ok...
I think she is sexually frustrated....
Twitter twitter twitter can't wait till 2norrow my thanksgiving is a day early and I get to pig out
nice, haha!! How'd you even get up there??
Hi guys! Hope your enjoying your day.
Love makes people lose sight of logic and detail...
me too, i was just sitting outside chilling and it just fucking landed on me out of nowhere, my life.
Packed house for my Google+ brownbag. Oh boy
isn't is obvious that they're getting out of control? I'm getting nervous for tomorrow's game.
#Nothingfeelsbetterthan hearing sing 
In Sag Nasty Michigan for those that don't know Saginaw Starlito was a NO-SHOW I guess I don't blame him...BUT plenty of chicks!!!
See a brand new, specially made "situation" by Claudia Rankine and John Lucas at Poetry Off The Page in May!
Go catch Andre if you can! Great show. Say hi to my friend & coworker Jason, on guitar. :)
I'm with on this one: INCEPTION & THE DARK KNIGHT for sure, & THE AVENGERS is pretty freaking phenomenal as well.
I still can't believe we're meeting. prepare yourself.
awww I Love You guys!!!!(: made My day.
He who lives only to benefit himself confers on the world a benefit when he leaves.
Come down to the new club Montage tonight, 3rd floor of La Cage, i'll be tending bar, and there will be an amazing show!!
thinks eating 3 bags of 100 calorie pack cookies defeats the purpose. :-) oops.
I am asking for opinions: Do you think Mirror, Mirror (PG) and The Hunger Games (PG13) movies are geared towards teens?
RT ": When gets impatient its the funniest thing"
I said I would love you forever. Well forever is over.
glad you like it!
Will do!
Its balloon day at Sydney b. Come down and get yourself one, two or even three!
Spent the weekend on Christmas cards, projects... It was a great weekend! :)
Have you heard of #Movember? Promotes men's health. Let's spread the word!
right!!! Ole hermit ass!
Taught Boellstorff's 'Coming of Age in Second Life' last night. Homo cyber: human beings are already virtual beings.
My daughter said it would be "selfless".
Justin has real talent THANK U TWITTTERRR
Thank you for the #FF ! We're in great company! cc:
About to head in. Didn't want to hear that.
I'm sitting in the bank waiting for a meeting wearing a jacket covered with splattered bugs. I feel like a strange part of society
why thank you sir!
That awkward moment when somebody's making too much eye contact with you
YES WE DO!!!": The most beautiful girls are the ones that have more to offer than just her looks...."
I can't take not one more social site, these ppl are so bogus! Lol
sounds good homie!! This weekend is good!!! Do it up in beantown & hit me when u back ...
yes. Great. You mean my background? #Somerville theater with sarah and steve. Years ago. Just like the pic
TELLIN MY STORY AN MADE HIS-TORY!! #DRAKE!!
Why is it that the more I clean, the more there is to clean? Where is the progress?
I love
If I Ever Get The Chance To Meet And I Promise They Will Love Me Im Such A Sweet And Sily Person!! DREAMING BIG
he boys on the stairs <3
Speaking of BKLYN... Are you going to be hitting up any games there?
finally reached 300 followers c: ohh i feel proud.
Thanks for the RT. Happy ACBW!!!
c'mon clouds... LET IT RAIN ALREADY!
I never get tired of listening to 88.3 way fm.
when a random number keeps prank calling you like get a life . -.-
Sweatpants day<3
Or proper slice of pizza! RT : You don't know the value of good bagel until you leave NY..
Well, my friend. Anxiously awaiting Fri night. Cas? Back? No one stays dead on #SPN! Hope ur day gets better!
Really, I don't need a "free Swiffer pack". Really. I also don't need dates or links to porn sites so please stop assuming I do.
Tomorrow's exhibit hours are 9am - 5pm. Remember that from 2pm-4pm there's a Spotlight on Adult Lit.
thanks! same location as usual?
There must be a secret button that sits on to shut off the music.
RT Suite in Epic Center is racist as hell. I will NEVER patronize that establishment. <<<Please follow
Finally. Practice is over c:
*noah sees my binder* "Noah: do u like rockbands?" "me: yep" "noah: did u kno that at a rock concert someone injected people with aids" 0_o
Just chilin at home.
leave now?
I'm wit kicking it just as much as the nxt person but if u always kicking it and looking for a good time when is u gettin to the money?
In about one year, you'll have it all figured out. These big city dreams are what you're about.
#WHATAFEELING it will be to see my #Raiders beat your #Browns again
Mine looks like battery acid
having a fierce battle with my serger
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 50
im good - how are you??
Ranger hitters launching airstrikes against the Angels outfield.
We all find inspiration in different places, where does yours come from?
help meet is like swim meet only with less water and with more need for help. help
um hold her :-) how else will I meet the tiny tot
I'm taking another little break from social media. 'Bye for now!
Merry Christmas to all and to all a goodnight!
I am american, don't let my spanish skills fool you.
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help...
you'll be presently surprised what I have for you today! Enjoy your interview on tonight!
Listing things on craigslist and ebay this morning like its my job.
hi liam i like your face.
I've been to 37 countries, especially Nepal. Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance is set there. $.99 on kindle
oh shoot! you're not still in town, are you?
I can't even believe how bad that was haha
RT : Cherish every meeting with someone. The odds of not meeting in this life are so great that every meeting is like a miracle.
Uh oh.. one step removed from the dreaded SLEEP OVER. Good luck, parental unit! ;)
Right!!! We need a backup qb bad and WR's, OL - hope Angelo isn't there to screw up the draft again!!
would only do that if he could body slam him.
The University of Maryland Chapter of Lambda Chi Alpha will be serving as the Big Brother Chapter for our new colony at
us? How many people? Lol
Plotting at Starting something new and my new recruits are super stoked! I've been buzzing about this for a week. More soon
Hates sleeping alone....
I wanna go out. ._.
Setbacks happened all the time. The key mindset is: "How far have I come in the last 3-days, week, or month?"
Actual clit or hood? The hood piercing doesn't hurt at all... Small pinch RT : Scared to get my clit pierced 😖
Surely the righteous will praise your name and the upright will live before you. Psalm 140:13
ha! So true - this place is huge
Had to TURN UP!! | “: My nigga Went Next level in Dat gym today”
what happened to your old twitter? :(
No way! Lebron can dunk???
Absolutely disappointed.......
everybody I post some cool stuff tonight but it all got ignored im always ignored by everyone like im invisable
I literally have the cutest baby cousin ever. So don't try and compete cuz she'll put you to shame!
The Middle Ground: Reflecting on Judge Dredd's Return to America With the news that IDW has the American rights to produce original Judge
is watching McGyver. Yay McGyver: a wonderful amalgamation of '80s sexism and junk physics. And mullet.
Were you ever robbed in Muldrow, OK? My Dad claims you were and he knows the guys that did it.
Thirsty as. :I
GigaOM webcast with BleacherReport. #Ruby not fast language. They use #Rails as little as possible by caching as much as possible. Telling.
Does Lopez know he has another hand to grab the rebound?? Stop tapping!
thanks fo info
Thanks! RT : Congrats! Wishing you many more years of success. <3
Time to listen to A Loss for Words again.
I'll never eat another banana in my life...
Good morning here at #Newark penn station and sitting in the waiting room with the homeless and 4 nj transit police not saying a word
there's a bunch of different types of yoga & instructors. some are gentle & suitable for injured people...
Pretty cool that 18,000 OKC fans bought tickets to watch three referees tonight.
Promise to always give you me, the real me.
Rafael was in my class today, he don't talk to me though. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
psst - "the fed" is short for the federal reserve. i know you don't like when i correct you but congress and the fed are way diff.
Hooray! Love the Bravos in knee socks.
i find that if i sing my notes in my outline as im typing.. it makes writing this final paper a lil less tedious.. 10pgs to go!
you need to let me use ur ipod tmrw nt LANE
Goin' for a gay and merry ride, but you can walk if ya like... a la
Thanks to the new Saver Gator Fans!
#MyBiggestFlaw is letting stress over take me
Today was a pretty chill day, cant complain lol
Can someone point out the new footage to me in that international BOURNE trailer? I don't think it exists.
Amen sista! : When you know your value you understand you have the right to be selective.
I am at the Chicago Auto Show!
Glad to have you here; we hope they mastered social media! #4H #CoopExt ^RS
are u looking for new artist
any time bro! Cheers!
Im sorry its 2012...im sagging my khakis ...gangsta Republican
Good luck cheering you on at The Corner Bar on the West Bank of campus.
Mark your calendars for our open house next Thursday, August 18th from 5-7pm
Just Maybe One Day......nah
easily. beats audio & quality speakers
“: I almost got mad, but I had to remember this is twitter... just twitter” lmao don't be mad :)
Great Blog brugh!
what's up?
Ah. Ryerson's got us hangin with the great Danny Gotlieb!!!
can u imagine the job fair for that career field?
No. The band bowed with the cast!
working now, then have to go home to finish homework and a presentation...blah, but I get to start work at tomorrow!
Hi all my new followers!!! Thank you!!
think I may go back to eBay. Too much BS on NT.
True or False: Going to bed WITHOUT washing off eye makeup can increase chances of fine lines and wrinkles. Let me know your gut instinct.
RT already did bro and you needa tell tre we need to collab
I was thinking the same thing ;b Lol
lol sounds like the joke was on you ....very weird/ creepy!!
gbp/jpy looks pretty too. but I have a full plate. Waiting on crude too
maybe you guys should have listened to years ago
hahha see maybe he'll notice
Just realized I left the groceries I bought yesterday in the car... awesome way to start my morning!
Fundraiser for the Austin city food bank.. Help fight hunger in our community
so you know Ryan gosling has slowly but surely become one of my favorite actors
I'm a little late to it, but xfactor is awesome and Rachel Crow is amazing.
Volunteers aren't paid, not because they are worthless, but because they are priceless.
I love when it rains because those yellow and black sons of bitches don't exist sly dig at bees
Wish I hadn't seen that Lakers/Nuggets is on TNT Overtime.
Depends on who's there. Khalil is a no brainer if he drops. Keuchley should be the pick if he's there. Wouldn't mind WR though.
why don't they do the same thing to sports agents for improper contact with college kids?
Thanks! When Cox's burned down I had to take the show on the road!
Great thank you! These are both very helpful. Appreciate it!
Goodnight from Paris ! #I'm not tired !
“: Blessed to see another day. 🙏”
Love the optimism. RT the line at the media elevator should be a heck of a lot shorter.
I like birds
Do not shy to write and Post here at Twitter more! Make positive and fun for all fans globally!
Never wrestle with a pig¡ :8) you'll get dirty! And they like that!
BRYCEEEEE! LET'S GO!
LJ is a young 30. Got a late career start behind Preist. Vermeil ~Take off diapers
I just know that owes me a dollar. >_<
Playing Tonight @ Water St Bar - Downtown Sandusky 9pm
See you for Monday Night Social w/ Get on the list ! 818.602.7979
Hey make sure you listen for my radio spots, started up first week in April , running through Sept
you know, im just cool that way...
TONIGHT: Valentine's Day Bash at Hooligan's in Webster 9pm-?? w/Pauly & DJ Razor Ramon.. games, prizes, alcohol, food, and loud music
angelakle have fun ladies! wish I was there!
Trying to get out of the house to get to class, hands full with everything….. but the keys to get to class.
Ahh, I see :). That's my coworker's name, and he's also from your part of town. Cool, thanks!
hope you can come tomorrow!
I always want to beat the cheating Chinese in Women's gymnastics.
I keep spelling ur name with an s my bad
Good luck to our brother Jesuit school, Loyola Blakefield. They are competing on It's Academic this morning. Go Dons!
"i need new thomas' "-
RT : When the environment accepts bad behavior as a norm, You dont pay too much attention to it - Dumisani
I loved that movie! You going to make it to my neck of the woods?
A Porn Star Says A Baseball Agent Would Use Her To Seduce Potential Clients via
Thanks for checking in! When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was.
Take you down , I really wanna take you down;)
Enjoy the day, remember the Dream.
We are filing a HUGE scene on Saturday. This has been an amazing journey.
what song was he singing
Anybody into Spies Like Us?
nothin better to do kid? lol lets put one up wit and soon
Paraphrasing : does #journalism's embrace of emotional storytelling & publication shift comprehension, understanding, trust?
So glad the sun has decided to grace us at #sxsw. Looking forward to hanging with tonight
Only 5 runners showed up tonight for our weekly hill workout. It was a great night to run.
whys the weekend gotta end? real life isnt nearly as entertaining
I know but I've heard Dodgers fans are scary and mean if I wear anything but Dodger blue! I'm nervous.
I have nothing to do tomorrow.
Balsamo: In a digital age, how do we teach people about ways of the hand? What’s the role of the body in knowledge-making?
You are such an inspiration to all women. A positive attitude brings strength, energy and initiative to all who receives it.
I am so starting to freak out at the thought of this being my last week at Aetna. So excited and all at once freaked :-/
Opinions about posting interview questions on site ahead of time?
Keynote at saying many factors pointing toward economy pickup: casual dining up, manufacturing moving back to U.S.
I believe you.. #IMeanThat Lol What u been up to tho
And, indeed, it's presence in our lives points to a kind of utopian idealism prefigured a century ago....
lots of people are texting this amount, the key for me is that we don't forget how to communicate in real time :)
OH: A large Madison company concerned about moving their entire IT staff here because there wouldn't be enough .NET talent in Madison, WI.
- you should start writing under the name Juan Kim from Covina.
Gotta move this sore body! Yeouch!
Is there a cover charge? Haha
#NP Twerk It...should NOT be in the office gettin it crackin like this!! LOL
Lillian Hellman~ Lonely people talking to each other can make each other lonelier.
Yes, I'm sure in no time he'll be dancin'... Yeah!
Got a new phone. I am loving it =)
would like to thank Julian Tancredi and Joe Hamel for donating to our upcoming reading of Antony & Cleopatra!
Let my prayer be set forth as incense before Thee, the lifting up of my hands as a sacrifice to Thee.
hahaa, wow. you are such a little bitch.
Tonight on #DocMartin, the doc struggles to come to terms with fatherhood and his estranged partner, Louisa. On MPTV 10 at 8PM.
Yes he is, I know him well, just forgot him. Thanks.
who #twitterlessRoc and ?
you trip me out
i know im bout 2 stop following ppl thtz not following me
I hate the thought of you being with someone else.
Travel Deal: Columbus to Las Vegas, $249 United, various dates in May. What happens in Vegas stays on Twitter
Mrs. Truman is resigning? #wtf #sadAnna :/
MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE. GO ON TOUR. I NEED IT. PLEASE.
If you enjoy christian music, you should check us out!
Ericka Dasher from Jane by Design has amazing lips. Every episode I'm intrigued by them
“: 4:20 is just "everybody talk about smoking weed" day. You fuckers act like its not something you do daily”
Time to go get a hair cut
Confiscated a Redbull from the breakroom like a fiend...first day back after surgery, working @ 7am post GM Launch
It hurts to think that you made me think that you liked me and cared about me when you honestly didn't give a damn.
that is great! I'm so proud of you! I know you're going to do big things!!!
YOUR THE REASON I STAY UP UNTIL 11:11 WISHING U WILL FOLLOW ME HOPING 1 NIGHT U FINALLY WILL BUT U NEVER NOTICE ME FOLLOW ME<3
I am a ranger
What's the best #Cleveland bar for Thx giving eve?
Self-trust is the first secret to success. Follow me for the rest of the secrets to success.
Looking forward to seeing you back our way!
i bet it opens w a couple in a park at dusk
not yet, but let's see what I can do.
Just call them, they should refund the fee. Crazy though.
According to the christian girl at school my soul needs a cleansing and I follow the devil
Thank you so much, Christy! Were u able to get the show downloaded to ur computer ok? Off 2 bed, chat tomorrow!
I'm done with this bullshit
presents Library Econtent Alliance at #PLA12. Hooray for bold leadership!
agreed. tell em we got 3.
ur a hater
think I made a wrong turn back there somewhere
Be careful of who you pick as a friend, most people pretend to listen, but are only gathering information to judge you with.
“: Whenever I see those cancer commercials I wonder when it will be my turn. #raincloud” with that positive attitude #sarcasm!
Lying helps you until it fucks you up perfectly.
thank you!!=D it feels better but hurts to poke stuff ha ha=p
I've been waiting all day for some film to arrive. It just came in and it does not disappoint. 2K Scanity scans from Cinelicious, Amazing!
“: I stay tweeting thug shit, but I'm sweet as can be 😊😊😊”haha me too
You have awesome tweets! Please follow me ;D
Life is being on the wire, everything else is just waiting.
Glenn Liquor store moved leaving big space for lease at Utah & University in NP Prime craft beer heaven. PLEASE somebody cool move in.
Peter, sympathetic insight
#NiceHorrorFilms A Beautiful Day On Elm Street
Glassjaw pandora station is awesome so far: gj, atdi, mars volta & chevelle now
sorry! had to cruise out to DC!
Thank you Kemya! (I know I'm so late! :)
i ment ready
I thought about all the promises of God for our needs... Continued next tweet
did he take down his bball stat tweets? I can't find them anymore.
I'm so excited!
Just know I appreciate everything you do.
This bed is so comfortable.
Woot! Touched down in Minneapolis for #aam2012 after a great conversation on the plane.
glad you are finally on here now i can just retweet instead of steal your FB status's lol
Hornswoggle won it in mid-2007, Vickie stripped him of it, officially retired six months later in 2008.
does supernatural HAVE a next season?
Beer & social media wk? YES! Come by our office for a taste of both. RSVP so we can make sure no one goes thirsty: on.fb.me/wUQTGR
Done with budgets...now brainstorming for proposals...!
just stopped in!
Listening to 11:11 while I'm on the bus :)
Wow what a nite!!!!! I'm still feeling the aftermath!!!
I know that but the fact that i didnt ask for a followback made it nice of her :)
Why did I have to park next to the dude breaking up with his girlfriend on speakerphone in a parking lot? Gah.
Mother's Day Special 50% off ALL wigs. Now you know why we waited 2 days before Mother's Day-50% off.. Ouch for us, Yay for you! 855-DRWIGGY
Do whatever you want, just remember, a dance with the devil will last you forever
lucky u
I loove that we live in a world that many different kinds of cats can roam freely
"Why are some things easier to write than say?" -Matched by Ally Condie
Where are you?
I see you becoming more YOU today.
Sounds like a great conference & I know you'll rock it! Have a great time & enjoy CA with the fam. See you when you get back!
Where did you take Mom for Mother's Day? Best brunch spot? A nice dinner? Who had the best specials?
Listening to an acoustic guitar band w a sax do an acoustic mashup of Eagles Hotel California w 2pacs California Love...and its dope!
RT “: RT : 62 degrees in December at 8:30 a.m. THIS is why we live in Houston! // no doubt!”
What about the all-u-can-eat hot pocket diet? : Boy, I guess I look like an idiot falling for that all-u-can-eat donut diet
We miss you over here in NYC when r u coming back :)
it's going to be crazy ass crowded.
I find millenials will spend a lot on their kids rooms...the more expensive the crib the more value they see in it.
Windows open in the Owl Bar.... spring has sprung. Wait, no it's Feb 1. Whaaa?
