It finally snowed!!
Bring it day. I'm ready.
Bout to make a bucket list
Lol I'm stupid.
Do you know any experienced bartenders (w craft cocktails) or servers looking for a new J.O.B.?? is hiring!...
": As I see no one wants to get embarrassed in 2k ? Lol #realtalk tho" I hear you barking, but I don't see you stepping up
hope and the crew are enjoying it :)
hehe I love that stuff so much girl, I haven't had any in a really long time though. Bring me some :)
Hey Tweeps, FYI: I'll be sharing *value* w/ LIVE tweeting from in #ATL today and tomorrow.
Now to decide what to grill out for dinner.
We're shooting a new Mortgage Minute today! Look for the next edition next week!
Listened to XMPR segment on vuvuzelas, the noise makers at #worldcup soccer matches in South Africa, while driving to the PIT airport.
Today is what watching baseball is all about. Go Rays
Visiting my brother at Purdue :)
OH at SG : Wait, isn't that like an old Hymn... No wait, that was Bob Dylan.
16 days until the unveiling of Team Hoyts commemorative painting..Purchase 1 of 300 signed lithographs. Contact $299.
That's funny!
“: Does anyone in Greenville want to go to the and show w/ me Thursday?" takers?
Love you, Richard!
See you there!! RT The details are coming together for the #WestinWeddings Bridal Showcase this Sunday - so exciting!!
From everyone we want to say hi to our new twitter, facebook and myspoace friends
There you go! One you can't see since it's locked - That's the "special one" : )
Nice one Captain Obvious. You're welcome, Sergeant Sarcasm! Indeed, Comrade Comeback.Thank you, Senior Smartass. Anytime, Dictator Dickhead.
Crazy day trying to get ready for four presentations between #sec12 and #stc12. Leave tomorrow AM for both!
REAL WOMEN shouldn't worry about being a DIME.... cause REAL MEN don't like to carry CHANGE!!
I would like that 😔
it was a Day time party,we are having Mothers day dinner at my house if you wanna come pass my nigg btw where those grapes at 😳
Look at this funny video I found of you! : MEANS - A: Virus or B: Im stalking you and saw you do something funny so i recorded it bro.
Breakfast for lunch.
Get my take on #MayweatherCotto PPV event on May 5.
it's pretty awesome - get ready!
We both hope everyone had a wonderful ThanksGiving!!! xo
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU
just listening to music and on like 5 diffrent social networoks lol
Not sure how I feel about this Greek yogurt.
How do you update twitter so much and trade so fast??
lets be bff :D
iOS backups, temp space while transcoding audio, and other as yet unidentified files keep eating all available disk space.
When is a synth note done playing? When the note, the ADSR, and all the effects have processed their tails...
just in time for Thanksgiving family fun. That's crazy, Helen!
Dear motivation please show up today, I have no motivation today. Maybe bcos of the weather!
that pic was in south Nashville-outside my house
nice to see you on Twitter, David - thanks for your coverage of the #PDX culture + arts cmty!
welcome home!
Already tweeted some of my fellow harvick fan followers to help spread the word buddy. \m/ 29 \m/
we glad you enjoyed it! : "Fantastic 5 course chef's tasting menu w/wine flight tonight"
Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life. ~Beethoven
Alright, we're ready for a commercial. The beer fridge is in the other room.
I know about that #IcanRelate >> RT : Another day, another dollar. Oh, and the freezing temperatures of the Midwest
Did hair , and did it too good ! out did myself
sorry! We left and thought you were behind us, then waited...where did you go!?
alendaring, I prefer the Blackberry.
in a bed of snow every snowflake belongs and every snowflake is unique....
I'm learning some Portuguese for my trip to Cape Town. #don'task
whenn my babe says were gonna celebrate 2 days because we didnt remember our date >> lmfaoo :)
Awesome! I've heard it's beautiful there :) Suerte!
More renovated units are coming out March 9th!! Make sure to stop by and see what they offer!
#MoreFemalesShould stop playing stupid or cute while falling for ASSHOLES then feeling like SHIT afterwards.
I know right? needs to come too!
Thank You to all #Volunteers who have served with our ReStore. 30,000 hours logged this past year! YOU ROCK
best show gets best guest star
Making Mexican jokes should be illegal.
Two More Days of Class. Im So Excited.
He was adopted and tainted our family's and my father's good name. A horrible human being...
I haven't been a looper since I did for the Dali Lama
Goodnight everyone hugs :-)
I think the Packers will put him on the PUP list and wait till week 6 to go the route
Food Fact of the Day: April 14, 1927 Clarence Birdseye of Massachusetts received a U.K. patent for frozen fish fingers.
That shit makes my blood boil when somebody include me in they lie
Great weekend
Dinah Lenney - Did my father have to die to be the person I would become
congrats on 10th region championship...kids bought in n earned it
i just found out a very good musician friend died in Chicago today. I'm stunned. just shaking.
Uh, NC? God never got married. Suspicious?
are you in San Diego for Halloweener? What are you going to be? miss you #sister!
where n the hell u goin
#FF I hope we play sometime, little bass girl. nice to meet you. C u in july!
A new Outdoor Living Company is launching a new website on Monday! Welcome to Elements of Charlotte!
It appears to be Adam Ross,
Next is Jennifer on appetizers, small bites for brief 1L teaching.
Off to the Poisoned Pen tonight to interview Cara Hoffman, author of So Much Pretty (Simon & Schuster)
eventually everything and everyone will fall apart.
Happy Mom's Day!
Jealous because they can't be in your position.
So much for that nap
First day to cheer without my brace! Hopefully My foot will survive the tumbling!!!
You know Valana Minerals is available on Kirby? Stop by n tell 'em u luv Valana Minerals!
#whitepeoplehobbies...beer pong and soccer, #blackpeoplehobbies...selling crack and robbing liquor stores...
Because of last week's power outage, all CWSL refrigerators will be emptied Monday night. Per policy, all containers will be discarded.
RT : Loved Tree of Life. Difficult, beautiful, ambitious, brilliant. Liked Drive a lot. Thought Warrior underrated.
#notgonnalie I'm a little bit white girl wasted.
Asik & Watson the most hated ppl in Chicago now
Book of Mormon last night, Hunger Games, Doritos tacos, rehearsal, and beautiful weather. It's been a great 24 hours.
I'm free after work 5:30.
": “: When girls say "finna"..... 😒” when anyone says "finna" bc its not a fucking word" this
we're here now! !! Come down.
Does this mean the walk-off Pie tradition is completely over?
Downtown Miami Riverwalk Festival and Boat Parade,Nov 12, 10AM-4PM - stay tuned for further details soon www.miamiriverwalkfestival.com
Tonight on 10 tips for last min. holiday shoppers and another round of winter is coming our way!
and then we meet 1ce a month for a mom's night out. I'm focusing on the emotional difficulties of FA's as a mom
Yay for insomnia!
yo just caught your new video....loved it....and yes you need a camera man!! lol j/k....if you need help let me know
if you'd like to have fun, there is a party at Minnna Gallery on 24th. check this out!
Just a shout out to all you Twitterers...thanks so much for keeping us updated - feels like I am there. Brrr ;-)
It's been kind of wintery lately...good weather to curl up with a book. Any suggestions?
All writing is done for the next album now for the hard part Who's serious about recording?
Thanks to the for the follow. Contrat's on your grand opening!
Other #lesmisindy perfs going as scheduled. I'm on Butler campus now, heading home, & there are a gazillion cars in the lot, so yay!
that's cool!
Everytime I see a car chase on TV I expect a Michael Weston narration and am disappointed there is not one.
how long will you be there? That's not too far from me!
or Panic its alec
Lol.. RT : why u don't himmie up nomoe? Kinda sad. Gave u my 5,000th tweet and everything
Dear God...that should be illegal..
Get your popcorn and soda ready, DealShow starts in 5 minutes! www.dealshow.com
Thanks!! It's been a fantastic day indeed!!
Get 'em next year /:
Congrats! RT : I've accepted a position at Eastern Oregon University teaching a freshman intro course. I'm excited!
Dear Bus Driver, please kick Homeless Man off the bus. I don't mean to be rude, but he rly needs to take the next bus so he can dry out
Finally made the switch at work. At this rate I am on target to never touch a PC again!
My grandfather played pro football before the NFL - leather helmets and very few pads. my grandpa was a badass
#i4cp2011 i4cp data indicates #HR "driving change mgt" shows highest positive correlation to an org's market performance.
I always wake up at 6am, always.
- Same here! Gotta thank networks like #ESPN, #MSG, #BigTen, - Great time and future for womens sports
OMG LMFAOO!!!! RT : Your dumbass is still waiting on me to reply.
Hey Gregg. How are you? Hope all is well. would love to catch up over coffee sometime. Let me know.
Jack Valentie likend the VCR to the Boston Strangler, not Jack the Ripper. But great talk! Everyone should send this to their rep.
Saturday night, at either 7 or 8pm depending on the Lakers/Nuggets game going on right now
Love is a leap - I was never inspired to jump.
I'm the opposite - haven't had their Pinot yet,but I'm sure I will since I joined their club.Love the Santa Lucia Highlands!
Prelims on , yeah
Going to get my stitches out today - can't wait to hear about the crazy things I said during brain surgery.
Mikey just reminded me about the relay for life walk from 6pm-12am , damn i forgot to tell my mom to drop me off!!!!!!!!
“: Von Miller is already our best player on Defense.”
It just doesn't make any sense!
I think I'm in shock watching Dancin on Air lol
The Real world: there has bin a war goin on for years were thousads of people r needed.. C.O.D world: a couple of guys take on a whole army
Abracadabra originated from the ancient Aramaic language and means "I create as I speak." Today, I remind myself that my words are magical.
Any graphic designers out there looking to help out a struggling art gallery? I need a logo designed asap....
Learn the difference in the coils in your bed Smart response vs. classic coil: 11% better motion separation with Smart Response coil.
recollections reflect worn tales my mock self tells me polish the mirror
Some days have bouncers and won't let you in
Are you in RKy or Louisville?
I do NOT understand the whole "here's my cell number, call me maybe" obsession...don't even understand isn't it a stupid teeny bopper song?
Today we earned the name Mass-holes.
#socialmedia way to go Thanks for the info.
People need to stop talking to me about teenage pregnancy. I CAN'T GET PREGNANT!
Not a fan on sac bunts on pitchers who are not pitching well
hey hannah!!!
Six days to go for opening night. The view is going to be great from section 308 Row 2 at the new stadium with dad.
“: karleeelovesyou Me too!! Ask yo momma :)” I'ma be with my dad, & I'm on his not so good side right now.. -_-
Yes! Thanks :) RT "Companies are finding new ways to bake fixing American education into their corporate DNA." Think
My friend just asked me "Karina what would u say if I die"? Me: I would say "one less bitch on this world" #nojoke hahha
transformation is still going....
just saw "wild ones" by on youtube. can i like marry you guys. so perfect.
students: What's your favorite place in #Doral to hang out before/between classes?
no. Im nt. i hve a boyfriend. And im not a cheater.
I know it was october of '03
Mint chocolate chip shakes
Had to delete the video. Glad i could entertain you blood thirsty foos though!
bitch! Get your lazy ass outta bed!?
happy birthday!!!
Mickey dees for dinner.
Apple store is currently down. The Lion is being unleashed!
Mayor to #RocYPs: We want u to go to all the places in our city where you can have fun...Enjoy the city
Question: Who Freakin watches a show about being in Jail??? HUH???
Have a wonderful weekend.
What if she starts crying?
Wilson is a stud. Height is NO issue. Worked behind huge linemen here - no problem at all.
apparently was good, but I'm hypercritical about my performances. Video? to follow h/t 4 song choice ;p
You have chosen a PRIME TIME to comeback!
Never say goodbye to someone you love
#EricCantor publicly stated that the #auto industry should die in 2008.
Duuuuudddeee take me with you next time you go there the observatory is my FAVE
Your no one until, someone finds you
RT Considering how often Jedi's drop their light sabre's you think they would use a lanyard. {#brilliant}
Sometimes we have our demons. Right now mine are brewing. I'm trying my best to beat them away. Sometimes it's hard.
Is the "search" function search.twitter.com?
let's go! LAVA in broad ripple!
Not really tired but I'm gonna lay down and read until I fall asleep. Gotta work tomorrow.
Why are people still waiting on Jesus's resurrection? He's been here for the past 24 years.
": #winterfest Wheat, Amber, Brown, Stout, IPA, Gingerbread, Muletide, Sin Bin and Sweet Georgia Brown Java! #indianabeer"
Why yes, I *will* crowdsource the part of DnD where I'm weakest. But I'm still doing puzzle/combat//plot development on my own. For now...
"Finding ways to engage your faculty will take your #1to1tech program to the next level. It's important to think ahead & encourage them"
Life is like a camera lens. Focus only on what’s important & you’ll capture it perfectly.
Overpriced crappy hotels in Green Bay are pretty awesome when you're here to watch a playoff game at Lambeau Field!!
Im super clumsy...dropped the soap in the shower stepped on it n fell.
What if we just hit our open jumpers...
But us fellas tend to give a pass to females to say any out of pocket bullshit they want, so long as they look like an easy lay in their avi
can't wait to see you guys there! Go Mets!!
you would have enjoyed seeing me park lol
I am headed to Guangzhou!! So excited for the shopping! suggestions for purchases?
Theodore Lyketsos (COL'15 ) will share The Impediment to a Meaningful Dialogue Between Science & Religion
it won't open for me. My shit is broken
i just read "about me" section - wow, almost as bad as
supporting you all the way!
Ah I'm still upset that step boyz went home :'(
Bout Makin Bread
Son of a bitch, Hermain Cain dropped out. What did the people in the crowd think he was going to say??
Our August Specials are up! Head-to-Toe Express Facial, Mani & Pedi for only $60, save $20. And great deals on Arasys too! Call 617-227-5499
Just found out there is a Wilson Phillips reality show. Sadly, it is on TV Guide Network, which AT&T U-Verse doesn't carry. Torrents?
i gotta do this shit all over again....
Can't wait to get my Elna sewing machine back this weekend!! Hoping it will run like new and be all lint-free!
The news cycle moves so fast in 2012, I predict the next trend in journalism will be reporters guessing what next week's news will be.
just caught 1/2. Seems to have promise
Not one person can say Lebron James doesnt deserve MVP
This world revolves around assholes!
While everyone is talking about the grizzles, prom, and the act.. I'm missing my dog like crazy and wishing I could go home and cuddle.
I just landed at Midway. Taking taxi to downtown for hotel and meetings tonight and tomorrow.
outside is randomly littered with furry pools of feral cats.
aha aight..do u have a fone.?.
haha....ok, well fine. Do you always follow Mom's orders? Gotta respect that unwavering faith!
Is. This. Real. Life.
ugh I hate woopi. She was doing a reading at nyu, completely unprepared and just riding on her fame.
Ive reheated my tea 4 times today and i keep forgeting to drink it
yep. You should write a book. With 140 character chapters or tweet dialogues.
Thanks Jay!!
Night and day in 2 hours. Apple Store Lincoln Park listened to me, diagnosed the issue and can fix it.
we will prolly play first
post show strip down. I'm dirty and sweaty and tired and sore.
I hate #WhenYouDont reply my text and keep tweeting and updating your fb status.
who's in the sexy six ? Haha; just wondering (:
you mean north Korea? Not china.
finding my dress and waiting to buy it online so no one nasty ass was in it &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; not being able to find it online...
Need your video's detailed reporting statistics for documentation? Download it! That's how we do it with Oculu!
that show is hilarious!
All these Mahomies saying Austin's big announcement was stupid well it was big news for him. Stop being so selfish. Honestly.
yeah. I was thinking about going to ub maybe. But idk. It's so different from niagara or canisuus
� Soul-mates are people who bring out the best in you. They are not perfect but are always perfect for you. �
Then what is #beer made of? RT Did you know croutons are made out of dead bread?
yeah bro cuz Os fans are so much better lol
YOU'RE HOT
shut up, Jeremy. Suffocate on a Kroger bag.
Ah School, I really want to go to sleep.
Ground ball to the left side, and that'll get through for a base hit for Harold Reynolds. Tie run comes to the place in John Moses.
that would be much more insulting if you knew how to spell hide
then you want my cousin Katie? bahah
yes! Certain songs make you dance no matter where you are.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Opening Night of MilkMilkLemonade !
Everybody follow Awesome Monster!!! follow
I love that song!
liberating to turn to new projects
God damn that #Transamerica commercial -- about that lady's husband dying -- is depressing.
Oh, so you're a wine connoisseur?! Let's see if you can tell which one I've roofied.
they're selling justin's actual hair dna in a necklace in canada. LOL um.. that's not creepy.
Of all the talented actresses out there looking for a break, insufferable rich Atlanta Housewife gets cast on Glee? Un-American
Starving! Lets #eat!?
So today is our last day here at our old spot now who wants to help us move our stuff to are new location after 9pm retweet
A person very close to me lost her baby giving birth in a hospital. Many women don't even have that. That's why we need
check out the new graphic intro.... Time to turn it up a notch....
Someone could introduce some JSON?
good morning!<3 how r u!:)
:) RT : Just saw a bumper sticker in Central NY, thought of you
I want to jump inside my compute :(
Dinner was good hats off to chef... O wait tht was meh lol
I'M SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO YOU!
I need someone to text to keep me awake n this class.
Dreading the moment when I have to awake
He's definitely got the look down :)
thanks so much for asking...I am recovering and excited about everyone's positive feedback. Enjoy your weekend!
If Gov Walker doesn't cave, we're leaving teaching to join at Current TV
Still haven't watched Million Dollar Listing/Psych from this week. Tryna do that when I'm off.
Must be in play offs now
I miss Boshy Bear.
Talia, during a walk this morning: "I trip sometimes, but then I just get right back up and keep doing my thing."
Going to the hockey game tonight!
Don't wait! General election registration deadline is October 8, 2010.
Can't understand why the media isn't all over #JonHuntsman. Articulate, smart . . . fresh ideas.
Dear mom, thank you for teaching me how to hustle at pool and darts. Love kent
Gnocchi is my favorite!
We offer customized moving solutions to best suit your needs. Long Distance Moving Companies Business To Business moves are an ALL IN A BOX
exactly I'm with u on that
okay. :D Well how you wanna do dis? Like meet and stuff so we can?
Hypher we all know what she wants she cannot deny it forever
Have you ever wanted someone so much that you think about them every second and cannot keep them off your mind I have RT if you have #<3her
hh_knee have fun at formal you two! werkk on being the hottest couple there!! #missyoutwo!
Enjoy the weather while it last!!! Come enjoy 1/2 price appetizers and 1/2 price speciality drinks today...
Leadership - It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy.
you got to give #archer a few episodes. Its the best show on tv
they are not to be treated as irrevocable rights.
my parents are broke! Not even kidding:( even tho I want to come
Someone tweet me 😊
Thanks Brian!!
stop sending me one word texts omg
Congrats! Very exciting.
Ahh! Mother's Day is next week and I have NO idea what I'm going to get my mom. Any Suggestions?
Scalia is owned by the Koch Brothers & Corporations - he won't support HRC as it costs insurance companies #
Talking comes by nature, silence by wisdom.
that's a fan-base that knows basketball.
i agree, but this is just another in a string of state legislatures getting involved in deciding who has a right to unionize
That's amazing! So I'm free to use liberally and at-will =D
Will do homie !
RT : Mind. Blown. just got our very 1st donation. We haven't even launched yet & we got our first $5!!
How to make people actually watch #Game7? Easy. Start the game in the 9th inning.
My car is cursed. Had it 1.5 yrs and its been rear ended twice, keyed, kicked all down the side, most lights went out, and the brakes r bad.
We'll keep you in mind when they go in to production.
Approval of Upper West Side rezoning plan is victory for small biz & consumers alike. I applaud for helping make plan a reality
Hey bestfriend, you need to text me(:
Neither Wade or James take the last shot. Would never see MJ or Scotty act as decoys. Especially Scotty.
Open government: Transparency, Participation, Collaboration. Effort on the part of bureaucrats to share information
Best thing about - TELEVISED DAY GAMES! Go
Too bad the transporters won't be installed until Tuesday, eh? :)
SUICIDE IS NOT THE ANSWER.
Looking forward to working with you in 2 weeks at your book signing in NYC!
lol - you must be SO excited. tuned it at the end and he was so happy and emotional. Hope it turns his season around!
You must think you're pretty awesome (Given Jada et al) RT : The better person you become, the better person you will attract
Steve Blake straight BALLIN.
My honey works in the yard, while I work in the office..... Life is good!
- that's my point, really.
"You sir, are a douchebag. That's right, a douchebag"
I'm really happy I purchased a heavy bag this week.
I hope the iep goes well today. :) <3
Fellow movie buffs: which is better, Mystic River or Sleepers? Got a debate goin on over here... Lol
here or outta town.?
Check out Stay Killer Design, City In Peril, Convalesce, and Frameworks right NOW!!!!
Obama: We now have Cordray to protect American jobs. I was able to give him this job b/c the Repubs were sitting at home not doing theirs.
Another key to happiness is to realize that no matter what you do, not everyone is going to like you.
only one more day of work this week!!... then the Christmas fun begins.....
Watching Boris Karloff's original version of the "The Grinch who Stole Christmas" and thinking about North Korea w/o Fearless Leader.
It's Friday!!!!! Blessed to have made it through a crazy week! :)
So rad! Congrats.
howdy Partner!
love you both, too!
11.60 shuts down at each attempt to open a library database. The report I send says they can't find a reason. More to look into?
Growing up I was told guys want one thing, sex...liars... it feels like I might have to jump my bf to get him off xbox and into the sack. :/
#Str8LykeDes... Just leave you before asking because you think you know...
Yo I heard that new tweet that your gonna drop tomor is going to be sick!!!!!
Can't beat this weather. Join eli escobar and lloydski tonight at submercer. GET WORK'd
They did show Mark Moses at the end...he was among the dead people watching Susan leave the Lane.
I still don't see your tweet, but I'm glad we ran into each other! Puppy playdates and/or drinks soon!
We tanked nothing for Crosby. We won the lottery. Literally. grew our team instead of NY philosophy to buy a team
Okay I'm hungry. Tim Hortons round 2.
all my followers should go follow :) oh and read her fanfic! <3
Good idea...
I miss you somuch!
I am a model but I would love to start acting!!
Yes, you can go back later and add preconferences and other special ticketed events after you've registered for
:You just left work and they are puttin you to work again!?
Just hanging out with Troy at his dad's show :) I'm not for sure which dress to wear though!
Someone killed Don Cornelius
Happy #ValentinesDay. We hope you spend the day with the ones you love.
Photos from the finals are being uploaded right now!
My mind is my worst enemy.
Interesting video, we must also pay close attention to "Social media" and be authentic in our approach, ours is #die cutting
thanks, pretty exciting stuff!
I hate watching television but i love watching movies.
really :o i'm sorry )': but they are really nice , don't worry at every concert they do meet&greets(:
Success is a relative term. It brings so many relatives.
letting your child record your family's voicemail intro is not cute, its more like annoying.
all the good ones are taken
and u got to play madden. Kick ass.
Hot dude + perfect skin + perfect hair + perfect manners + rich + gorgeous eyes + tall + clean fingernails + SINGLE = GAY
man, that would have been sweet. I've been digging heart emerges glistening a lot lately
ur still lame af and i can just ask someone to delete
Found the kid's corner at my gate, and Captain Planet is on!
I guess the Jets sure have the 'nobody believed in us' angle cornered this playoff season.
shhh u hear that
Some message me your draw something username! I'm bored as I wanna draw something!! (:
Tell her to just pass that burden right along to you.
I think my heads about to explode
great show last night guyss ! hope to see you all again soon <3
Watching #SpiritAir dig themselves a deeper and deeper hole is akin to watching the Titanic sink. Boggles the PR mind.
Ballantyne ponders divorce from Charlotte - Charlotte Observer
- when oh when is the Green Route going to start? September maybe?
Attn: #ATSU: Blackboard is down temporarily right now. We are working hard to restore it. Thanks for your patience!
Yoga, contractor meeting, new listing, party, in that order. Enjoy your Saturday!
“: Virgin Airlines is about to let passengers make cell phone calls during flights. Innovative? Or annoying?” Annoying!
Maybe She Don't See Wat iSee In Her
RT : TO BE HONEST, I'M STILL NOT REALLY SURE HOW TO EXPLICATE A POEM.
Now that #nyfw is done, it back to my workout grind
Number two yayyyyyy
Thanks for bringing this story to our attention!
Wow that just blew me. forreal thou?
and her name IS Mary J! youre almost obligated to smoke yo
Inlaws...makes me not as sad about my parents being dead.
Lol thanks doll ": I think . May want to asks real basketball fan tho *shrugs*"
He wasn't the only one running. There was Sullivan. But Abele bought the race and we're paying his bill.
That awkward moment when you really want something, check the price tag, then sadly walk away.
does he skateboard? Do u know?
Wow - excited to be included in this incredible group. Cheers to C-Bus!
Got to get back in the workout routine this week. Have been bad since returning from Mexico.
There is?O: RT : Theres food fair tomorrow? Lol
Yeah, the beagles is doing great, turns out she had some sort of parasite. Sorry to have run off so quickly on Saturday!
Here's a question for Dale: How does he stand that beard inside the helmet? Makes me itch just lookin at it.
Im an hour and something away from by train. Trust I will be in new York every chance I get when I get the chance!!!!
It seems damn near impossible. Only Elsa's has gotten it right lately.
Last day of the Sultan Shindig. About wiped put, though it's been fun. Looking forward to getting back to Isagenix calls!
Those who are faithful know only the trivial side of love; it is the faithless who know love's tragedies.
that's very cool. i'm looking forward to seeing it.
It takes a couple seconds to say Hello, but forever to say Goodbye.
A4 A large % of NFL fans have no idea about the concussion issues & legal action. They just want to watch on Sunday. Money rolls in.
I be glad when my thoughts stop racing. nerves on edge
decided on the Firefly shirt
how do you like TJ Graham being added to the
Going to be a perfect week! I'm stoked. RT The weather is amazing out here here right now!
I luv it! RT : oh! i SO need 2 do P90X! but . . . RT : Had a great workout! #P90x before bed ;-)
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!!
Cant Wait !!!
People who roll in 3 hours late for no reason, should not be allowed to participate. Volunteer work or not.
Weeping, and shouting through interview. The Truth, FINALLY!!!
hey ladies hope you are all having a good week so far(: today will be the first day I see Blake in weeks!
Hi Tasha: Brilliant work. What you said supports this silver surfer's POV on generational hysteria and how it misses the point.
fuck yo luck, I smoke clovers . ;)
The grass is always greener on the other side. look @ the bigger picture...
We've seen some great submissions from your program. Thanks to the MFA students!
I love surprises! :)
WORDS OF WISDOM: Just because a person "likes" your photos does not mean they "like U!" Applaud the picture w/o apprehending the person!
Who will the #Chiefs take in the 2nd round of the #NFLDraft?
LeBron shut up
almost time for me to go home !!!!!!
Goodbye everyone..i miss laci :(
Raced an Audi in the Blazer..kept up with that bad boy for four seconds
Happy National Gift Return Day!!!
said lerner was the most irrelevant millionaire.
let me check and get back to you. probably sometime in May
I don't know yet. But I'll let you know when I do.
We need a strong outing from DP tomorrow night. Pen needs a night off.
y u saying u miss ezira : O
I'm going to hate myself in the morning
we still have it ;)
So many people use the word "unfair" too much. Quit whining and start doing.
now we're discussing Web Analytics... I miss my last position as Web Analytics Manager for USA.gov. That experience has served me well.
Now, now Ashley, you know Jabril For REAL can be a bit slow on the uptake. Let's give him a bit of slack.... ;)
Monday Monday!!
So excited for tomorrow. Fingies crossed.
have you ever tried pepadew peppers?! they are a blast of spicy sweet heaven. I bet you'd like them.
we should hit a workout my friend , we gonna blow timmons up!
Happy Fathers day to all our rocking dads! Hope you guys have a wonderful day!!!
I usually read "UFC for the Modern Intellectual" on MCTS.
“: ooooohhhhh zinger!!!” Oh snap!
RT : the intro was PRICELESS! LOL cool track. Im savin this one<=== yes! I will email u mp3's
I don't like to call people out but there seems to be a lot of undercover #Heat fans on my timeline...like for example...lol
fashioning blue shield voodoo doll
LA. Cinco de Mayo. Sold out show. Oh snap. Sorry I'm not sorry for partying.
It's crazy that your future husband is walking the Earth, doing something right now. Isn't it also crazy that he might be someone you know?
Tell your mother that your fat ass was all over the bathroom sink, tell her...you whore.
Completely exhausted...and so sick of people :-(
Back at you! Have a great week!
At c conference, comScore's Elise Neel says digital content subs grew 26 pct last year.
If you have an iPhone, check out RAVN Events. Free app that helps you find killer events / things to do in SF. Brand new!
RT : Put passion and sincere care into the work you do, and the results can be astounding.
#Aries, #Leo, and #Sagittarius thrive on adventure and adrenalin rushes, so they don’t mind a walk on the wild side.
I'm of course going to have an issue sleeping on the day with one less hour to sleep. lol
Antoine Dodson committed to Ohio State?
My Tinkerbell received a clean bill of health and my bedding meltdown has resulted in a successful purchase!!!
Its time for all the children of Africa to stand up do not make American Mistakes and do not try to make us out to be terrorists FREE EGYPT!
nothin much how ya been? Long time we havent talked :o
"I don't make love by kissing, I make love by #dancing."~Fred Astaire
CANCER sucks! Just sayin.....
hey! I'm doing well, thanks. That's cool you're coming here! What for? I'd totally be down to meet up!
I talk to only like 2 people in my westest group. /:
. explains his contentious piece in CJR as effort to prop up certain nodes of communication amidst vast sea change
Forced 2 watch a Real Housewives of NYC Marathon.Wishing I was watching Rams vs Giants. How bored am I that I'd rather b watching that game?
great show on Friday at the Discovery Den! #PandoraATX Now if only you all were on Spotify US :(
Drove by the birthday party at Aragon and it was nuts, but didn't expect to see security extend all the way to Montrose beach!
The LA Business Journal hosted its first Asian Business Awards for 300 attendees. The 7/26 edition will have profiles on the winners.
figured it out, looks like you need to be following me for me to DM you
Get it all day/night ma!
Its been a whole lotta fun the past 3 years with you, iPhone. But now Android is my new BFF! ;)
Vanilla yogurt with a teaspoon of peanut butter mixed into the cup is a very healthy snack to pick you up late afternoon!
I wonder if i really start designing sneaker shirts would people wear them, a lot of the shirts be in store, be weak forreal
nothing's wrong atm
Use what talent you possess:/ the woods would be very silent/ if no birds sang except those that sang best. -Henry Van Dyke
Used Lynda.com today to "facilitate" a Keynote workshop... interesting blended learning mashup of sorts.
white people turn 21 when they turn 13 lol
Drinking an Atwater Block Cherry Stout. Blah.
hurry And get me another one hah
American experience on hulu has me consumed.. in 3 days I will be smarter than all you bitches...
Did you know that you can't make a straight without having a 5or a 10?
Thanks for the follow. My event planning services are free for the next two months as I am building my portfolio.
Keep your muscles loose with routine massage therapy and daily stretching. Great way to stay pain free!
At the end of a, per usual, jampacked day...
I'll be back for APHA at SFO this fall , let's devirtualize then :)
maybe I need to start It's always sumthing lol
ha! Didn't even notice
Don't worry, it only seems kinky the first time.
Can't wait to have you stay with us. Anything in particular you're looking forward to doing?
RHT is seeking Technical Recruiters for exciting internal opportunities. Contact me at to learn more!
A prudent question is one-half of wisdom.
I know I'm desperate when I make a 7am chiropractor appointment. Sheesh.
Thanks for doing your part by recycling your leftover paint!
there was a man, from a distant land, he couldn't dance, no he couldn't dance
#nowplaying stronger-kelly clarkson
COURTNEY! i really dont understand what im supposed to be doing? hmm mebbe ill just tweet random crap
happy birthday ! (:
The little girl is like "Ahaha I dont care about Greyson, I'm too busy posing cutely for the camera!" XD
El-Tayeb on Euro-based activism that draws attention to the queer time and space that queers of color are located in.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
was hoping this was about the nude translating
"Guess How Much I Love You" really isn't the same when you read aloud Little Brown Nut Hair instead of Little Nutbrown Hare
Can you believe that didn't know that a Klondike bar was ice cream.
I'm so afraid :(
ooh yeah thumbs up to gucci.. he goes hard.
i got a stupid nightbrace :( - eugene
OK is there an iPhone app for twitter? can't seem to find it!
yes sloop ready can't wait we gonna party...........
just caught the end of it
why am i losing followers tho :-////
In the eyes of God you are a soldier.
Don’t blame others for your problems. Take ownership of them and with God’s help, defeat them.
Always such a delight to work with #Prada. Who is this devil they speak of?
OK. Sit down, enter the Internet. Dumb.
shears shears shears shears! aaahhhhhh! i got the goodness!
Going to prom tonight - 1st prom since 1993! Much less exciting now, and no pre-prom photo shoot.
Happy Easter All!
I'm not a journalist, I'm a fan. I don't spend every moment on twitter, therefor I may behind your curve.
RT : Hey Until you apologize for your support of Citizens United, you won't get a dime from this household.
;p lol alexis i knew who this was.lol. i was just playin with u
yea i remember that u rat bastard lol
because she said he's changed and just uses his fans for followers!!! WTF!?!?!?!!! THAT'S BS!!!
I didn't even realize hoe much home work I have!
Headin to the studio. Tryin to finish up the album
thanks man. do you bike or mostly transit? atlanta has crazy sprawl.
work is always boring
Orlando Magic are like the girl who everyone tells her her man is cheating and she just keeps denying it...get over it
Blazing it with Steph, Eric & Jr c:
Whatever happened to being here forever, it wasn't suppose to be a temporary stay.
a good place to ride is upstate ny, most call it tug hill lots of well groomed trails
Alice: This is Impossible. The Mad Hatter: Only if you think it is.
WE LOVE YOU! Miranda Nicole is the best act in Atlanta! She performed at the first Gymanimals charity ever! <3
i mean you won the contest?
Agreed. Extremely cute, but *my* feet hurt just looking at them.
Not really good it's cold and it's raining :/ and by you?:)
Oriental Express is so good
I can't stop laughing at a glittery Stanley Fish.
#'s are for Twitter, it's #annoying when you see people using them on other sites.
Second chances they don't ever matter, people never change. Once a whore you're nothing more, I'm sorry, that'll never change.
It is Kentucky after all RT : A girl in the Kentucky student section is holding up a CBS sign: "Couches Burning Soon."
thanks both - no baby yet :) she's taking her time.
New overtime rules.
Barely slept after 13 hours of pushing around hex-nuts...about to head back to the studio to do another 12 hours!!!
Back home & back to work, but I sure do miss my family.
: I consider them people w/o a soul; successful "products" of our ultra-material world. Congrats to marketing/advert execs!
A recent turn of events has me feeling like a teenager again. In that nervous, hopeful, doubtful, scary type of way.
Its raining and humid, and middle schoolers are still riding bikes
I wanna learn to skate again..used to be a lowkey passion like basketball was to me
No luck getting it back?
So much fun at the hofstra telethon Saturday and Sunday!
I wasnt that drunk ? dude you were asking my grandmother if she was a Virgin .
Sneezing before your mascara is completely dry = big, fantastic mess
This kid Austin who sits at my lunch table is super duper fucking cute! sadly, he wasnt there today... but i saw him this morning :s
#fireiceexhibit Pop culture hurts facts but preserves the story. History is always legendized via story telling. Cool exhibit!
I LOVE HOW IM NOT EVEN CONSIDERED xD hahha :p
will we eat animals on the new earth? If #Jesus hadn't eaten that fish in Luke 24, no for sure. Still, #vegetarian eternity seems right.
yes indeed. yippee!
eating lasagna , or however you spell it lol,and i realized i now gained a few more followers now i only need 8 until 900 THX!
Tbh i cant connect with anyone ....Idk ...could be a drunk tweet
Hearing Skyscraper.. LOVE THIS SING<3
Thornton hits his fourth three to put Sparty up 15.
head to new orleans to shoot a reality showit about giving kids who where athletes got in trouble in college a 2nd chance Road to ReDemption
I don't know any dope smokers who have not given me plenty of other reasons not to have any use for them.
I always eat food off the floor. I have like a two minute rule lol
Sick. Watching #United93 I hate Al-Qaeda
Just guessing here, but I'm thinking the unemployed guy paying $4/gallon for gas may not be swayed by Obama doing comedy bits on Fallon.
u probably wish every place had a Tim Horton's haha.....plz follow and retweet me....it would mean the world to me if u did
happy Cinco De Mayo everyone. time to party! everyone be safe
Excited for my niece's first Easter this weekend :) the innocence of children and the magic they see in the world inspires me
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by our standing in our own sunshine.
I'm a scofflaw! So sue me!
#IAFF2903 two...the Citizens of Lacey zero
come hang out with us in NYC
How many types of sexual relations can you name? Check your answers at mdih.co as we enlist them all.
New flavor-- All you need is love. Get some with vanilla and berry swirl
yeah that's the best weekend for me as well. So let's plan for 11-19-11and we can workout the time and place.
That's how you play!!!
Chef Sam is creating an "O So Comforting" Meatloaf and Mash Potato Feature this evening...You won't want to miss out on this!!!
ha ha!
#ROC #recruiters & #HR: Over 90% of vendors @ our last Career Fair likely/very likely to recommend attending our next one! Next is on 5/16!
im still looking for some by good writers..i will def let u know when i come accross some :)
Interesting to the grp that the first person to die in the play is a baby. Signifies plague can hit anyone?
so I'm a bitch to you now....ohh and I should just leave you alone cuz your 'single' finee
needs 1000 more followers, before they release "Break Yo Back" feat !!
so, where is my bottle?
I feel like I'm bout to fall off my bed..
Commenter hasn't been able to stop thinking about race since she entered #AAS3rdCentury ; we *all* must think about ethics of digitizing.
Your 140-charac reviews of the ipad2 could at least make some sense. Ending with "the." ??! Come on!
#writing #writers I'm reading the best book: Write Like the Masters by William Cane
I reported for spam and now he can't follow me. Nobody tell him what I'm saying!
we have a keg of waiting for whatever kicks next
And I ran out of data.
I wish. I need it. Will have to settle for hanging on on Saturday. Can't hardly wait.
Jesus, and I thought "What A Wonderful World" couldnt get any more depressing.
And thus influential. Because do you know anyone else who doesn't have intense pro- or anti-Banff opinions?
- AMEN! I work with homeless kids all the time and every day I am grateful for my Mom and her strength! xo
We need JD Drew back
My followers are any lover
Think its time to make dinner.
Do we have any exceptionally talented artists in our Twitter network?! Hit us up :)
beautiful book authors
#ShopDSE Today @ DSE..."The Renovation Sale: Extended"...Everything In-Store 50% Off...Open Till 4pm.
He shared the latter title with his co-emperor and superior, Diocletian, whose political brain complemented Maximian's military brawn
#sxswi lesson #1 get to session VERY early!
Can't sleep! Got too much on my mind!
Housley "IETF is successful when participants care about the problem and represent all stakeholders"
hey guys whats up
you'll never know the bad shit that didn't happen because people worked hard to make it that way
Confusing is not fun. What confusions are you running into?
#whatmakesyoubeautiful <3 this made me smile!
A delayed thanks to my recent followers. 100th follower gets a copy of both Matador albums (matadorband.com). Sweet.
From Oz: St Pats Specials are: Pistachio Creme Brule, "Thick" Mint Cookies and Mint Chocolate Chip Macarons.
Off for drinks and dimsum with the #SocialDriver team!
he said yes- its like in vitro rare but possible. Theres a mental illness where women feel pregnant & get the symptoms but arent
which moviiee ???! :D
Bwhahahah.. sorry that just made me giggle.. really loud. RT : Um...Lightning down?
whole heartedly agree. in fact, now i'm hungry for some.
ANY ACTIVITES THAT DONT MENTION MUSIC AND MONEY IS BULLSHIT.
My go to insult for the month of February: "you fucking pinhead." Gonna use it at least twice tomorrow and more throughout the weekend.
Lmao RT : I need to have a baby with a chick black as soy sauce so my son will be dark skin. light skin niggas be too soft
(AP) -- Minnesota House approves $975M Vikings stadium, but with big hike in team's share.
Would it be bad to get 1 of each? MT Fri soups Corn-Crab/Creamy Spinach/TexMex or Turkey Chili/Tarragon Mushroom/Spanish Rice
Health is a matter of choice, not a mystery of chance. Don't hope or wish for good health, choose it!
Once I thought I was getting chased by carrots with machetes xD
What did you eat this weekend?
This weekend >>>>>
Gotta be at work at 4:30 in the morning on Saturday.. #monneeyyyy 😍💰
Kat is so stupid. Kim had to "backstab" someone ... she's in an alliance with everyone!
School < Sleep
Everyone turn it to CBS and watch my cousin on SURVIVOR!!!
I will!! I'm somewhere up top. I'll check in with you there...maybe we meet up for a"We're gonna kick Coyotes Ass" pic?! ;-)
I've been watching the birds, some predator, some prey. All seem to fend for themselves without $. What's our problem?
Made it through the first day of Session. Lots happening in the #OregonLegislature in such a short period of time. Here we go!
hehe. Ahh I'm so calm and in peace. If only you knew!
I'm always curious about how many people worked on something like, say, the new Gmail design. 5? 20? 1? I have no idea.
You can live BOLD without living LOUD.
So please forgive me. I really miss you a lot and I want to be close again.
Ann special guest ♥ RT : Time to hit up - FoodTruck with
That's it? Mark Whiten had 12 RBI when he hit 4 HR
No office hours for champions.
Right Thru Me is good. It proves Nicki Minaj isn't crazy and retarded.
I hope to see you at #blogpaws! We're working out our schedule. I'm a busy dude, you know.
Y'all need to stop DMing me about new Smirnoff screwdriver beverage. Lol
Rumors at one time surrounded the house's affiliation with Rosicrucianism - sound interesting? Hop on a house tour Saturday between 11-2!
“Work hard and become a leader; be lazy and never succeed. (Proverbs 12:24)”
Much love, brother. <3
New years with :)
I wish I could have a day with my girlfriend. Cherish every moment you get with your loved one.
Man Im so ready to get off i might jump in the river and swim to the bank
then you'd better START flirting with me instead! :-P
my emotions are heightened, get off me.
Someday will play and it will be INCREDIBLE
We're out signing paperwork for Mom's new place! Yay! Barq's (our Cairn Terrier) has a broken toe. Boo!
yeah I know. Haha.
GO RAVENS!
: I tried to throw the internet out the window today… Didn't work. It was already out there… In the air.
gotta get my Ls back
Dick Clark died the other day. We can no longer ring in the new years... well played Mayans!
where have YOU been sir ?
Giants have to be considered a very live underdog at plus +4 or so points in SB
I'm always honored when awesome tweeps like enjoy my milky-ness!! Thank you for the ToTD!! Much appreciated Kevin!!
Hope you have great writing night. Thank you for dark chocolate - am saving it for writing in Vegas. "It's good for you!"
I thought I'd be more clever tonight than I was.
THAT GROWN MAN SH%T ON DECK MAD BUTTON DOWNS 10DEEP KID ROBOT STUSSY PLAY CLOTHS & ROCK SMITH !! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
At home...jonesing for some coffee
Adizero crazy light 2s come out may 24th. That when ill get the pair like baylor wore in the tourney!
where at?
Watching all the pieces come together ..... oh it's a magical feeling! Hard work and determination pays off!
The games are afoot!
I am out by the pool!
Not everyone is relevant to your purpose. Don’t spend energy making irrelevant people relevant.
Cant wait to see the premier of Big Brother 11 tomorrow night-unfornatually I'll be at the ballpark watching my son play 4 the championship
lol okay I'll tell her
Just heard an amazing speech from Amazing brother doing great things for future generations of black leadership.
friend asked me, "how's your love life?" shook my head so she said, "what about that kid from twitter you love?!" omg ha :)
I've proposed it as a " Birds of a Feather" session at NECC, so we'll see if it gets accepted. TX would be great, too
NEW STORE ALERT! We're proud to welcome into our cashback online shopping mall! Let your friends know!
I do believe the concept for klouchebag was originally ours, amIrite? Whoops there goes 10 grammar points...
hey cousin
They'll be popping the champagne for Josh Hamilton tonight. Oh wait. Never mind.
I'm having a hard time convincing myself that replacing my windshield is more important than buying an iPhone.
The robots.txt methods are now in testing
Reminder to Mark Your Calendar Dept.: MT : Performs at Rose Inn- Indiana PA April 28th! 10 PM! ...
Just bought myself the most amazing Italian leather purse #addicted #needmoreleather can't resist the smell
Trying out echofon for iPhone....thoughts anyone?
- Hey buddy, thanks for the follow. How is Oman?
We gone be here till the morning. I got a thang for ya.
Happy b-day and congrats, Patrick!
The St.Anger album is badass...but that snare....rdhesijodfvijbug. no.
Anxiously awaiting the arrival of my first son...The countdown begins.
I swear I am never spending $10 at McDonald's ever again.
re: usability testing I'm guilty of it. With 140 character limit I sometimes take shortcut !
yeah someone had to say it!
definitely bright & sunny!
It's Friday, kiddies...what are we gonna do today?
Henderson seems good but blew it for me when she started to list her accolades. She does focus on the citizens well.
DC bound
Heading over to to join girls on air for Feb. issue previews. Gonna debut purse for power of the purse!
Excellent! Very small world. Absolutely -- Go Bills!
Recompense injury with justice, and recompense kindness with kindness. ~ Confucius
You wanna go, bro?! RT : shut up jerk
First practice this Wednesday from 6-7 on the parade grounds
On the way to PMG Studios to record a track with !!
I can smell the patchouli and compost from here
Q, morning, just sent you a email.
Ive been watching it from the start, excellent show!!!
Today in 1960 Roy Orbison was at No.2. with "Only the Lonely" recorded it himself after being turned down by Elvis & Everley Brothers.
Bunting with your #3 hitter usually turns out well.
In the studio with what's good Play some Trillogy on your show
OK, next year it's the cast of #Parenthood accepting for ensemble, right?
Hey #heat fans its the #nba #playoffs you may want to be in your seat for the start of the game, smh
MasterCard exec tells it has launched safe, simple #mobile payments from smartphones. Would you use a phone to buy stuff?
my moms close friends nephew plays on the Spurs wtf she never told me thiss lol
why are you tweeting right now?? Stfu
Maybe the "sham city" is legal, but it is undemocratic and unfair. People want to elect a Mayor.
he's always dressed that way..........
girl who said that????
How many times has endy been up tonight? Feels like at least 8
I love the sound of thunder
Go #Blue!
Wow I'm in a good mood but super unmotivated today
Good to hear the is not going to wait for #AGvHT to conclude before working on §108
This bus driver sucks at driving. I feel like I'm going to be sick.
ill be your body guard. I have 5 months worth of muay thai experience and very limited knowlegde of jui jitsu
oh it's may. guess i should feel lusty.
How is everyone's Sunday?
It's hard to know for sure. That is for sure!
we def need to catch up soon and get together
Austin's mom reaching out means alot
GET YOUR ASS ON TWITTER RIGHT NOW YOUNG LADY!!!!!!! p.s.i know where you live\ p.p.s. call me
tomorrow! Can't wait to see you lil wayne!
Happy Belated Birthday Hun... Sorry Im Late
How great is our God?
BUT WHEN IM LOOKING AT YOU!!
Oh gawd that looks tasty :)
Hey, did CMAC use Bowery Presents to book this year?
best movie ever !
HEYY GUYS!! PLEASE help me out by following my other account !!ツ PLEEEAASE!! I follow back!ت
Everything that I do, girl you know i do it for you <3
majority based voting at the #CPD2012??? Truly outrages and sets bad, horrible precedence. Stop the
Asap Esther im missing you
I think this is where G+ shot itself in the foot with it's "real name" policy. Opinions?
sad you couldn't play today.
Happy Easter
Truly when it's reported that the #RunAwayTowTruck was listening to
Can go to the Broncos too?
In Soviet Russia, car shine you.
With any part you play, there is a certain amount of yourself in it. Otherwise it's just not acting. It's lying. ~Johnny Depp
How was therapy ?
Yessir. She's an amazing talent and a beautiful person.
aww you are so SWEET!
RT : #runchat if anyone needs running gear let me know. i can normally get good deals with the affiliates i have.
HYBRID VEHICLE!
U should be doing interviews tonight, Anik looks nervous handling both. Honestly, Anik would be better on color, w/new PBP
“ I dont need no lock on my fone cuz once im in a relationship. Nobodyy bt her texts,pics, number, calls gone be in my fone.”
No. Why r you asking me. I haven't seen him. I haven't seen any rabbits anywhere. I would not eat a rabbit. Don't ask me any more questions.
we're at 367 Alhambra Circle in Coral Gables.
Thanks for the follow!
thanks girl! :)
great morning for a quick bike ride around the city. loving the crisp fall air
Once you set your heart on a goal, almost anything is possible.
Looking for the vandals who did some serious damage to homes and cars in Belmont. Story in minutes on #7News at 11:00
- I'm an actor coach. 90% of my students have agents. I teach actors how to run their careers.
I haven't actually logged any food since singing up, but am eating better thanks to the daily email. Lost 3lbs since
That's my jam! Wobble-Wobble!
Congrats on Grand Opening! Good luck tomorrow! And thank you for being a valued customer.
Ugh I think I'm getting sick. :(
I.D.G.A.F.O.S. is one of the most beautiful things I have ever heard. It puts me in a truly meditative space. Thank you!
No, but the photos I've seen of Liev Schreiber are perfect! Good preview?
You shady lady. I know it is a weird feeling.
Is there anything better than country music circa 1993-1997? The answer is no. And there isn't an argument against that. Sorry.
It takes all kinds of skill to get a mallet finger making the bed. Right Sheila?
What's up Long time no see!
Being concerned of others� opinions of you is a form of captivity
IHop and Panera Bread are the best 😊
Aww :) loved meeting you both, girls! , any more creative ladies you want to send our way...? ;)
simply making it better
"Lets hire someone to do this"
thank you! Yes. We're back up and running!
keep an eye on our announcements! Thanks for coming!
Psst. Plenty of room over here. Plus, after today's announcement, we'll have better catering and nicer shoes.
love love, its a beautiful thing
A DULT look it up in dictionary. a DULT = MORON. ADULT. I AM PETER PAN. NO COMPLEX. it SIMPLE. BE A KID
less than 40 more friends and we hit 300! Help us out yall! =] <3
lol from phong right ? I took soo many shots that night .....
Reading a news article; found a strange appreciation for the word 'reportedly.'
RT : Bob Uecker, radio voice of the #Brewers will be inducted to the NAB Hall of Fame tomorrow! Congrats Bob!
what's up guys get at me songwritermusicofdash on the work work flow! Let's make hitts
All I can do is leave it in God's hands and hope that my fans feel where I'm coming from. - Aaliyah
My neighbors love my music so much when I blast it, that they invited the police to listen.
Registration for the Winter 2011 Day Intensive Programs happens tomorrow and Wednesday from 11am - 3pm in C354. Don't forget!
Lucky you! Our visit on Saturday was great. Atmosphere is unique & tranquil. The Indian was still in the corner
PREWORKOUTS: Which products are your favorite or find most effective?
thanks dude!
Officially have a clean record
If you cannot accept me at my worst, then you don’t deserve me at my best.
Hi Kevin. Likewise. Nice work!
Google Alert - Katy Perry ~ Da 411 On... Katy Perry
Thanks to everyone!!!
Huge thanks to Stephen Mak from and from for speaking at #owasp Orlando last night!
YES. I DID. WITH IT WAS AWESOME.
Listening to and his mama chat with what I call their "Southern Yankee" talk.
Thinking about playing. football.?
how important is your career when your managers email is LIL Stacey? #youcallthatbusiness?
Music. Music. Music.
That test was so long!! and they like reset our calculators!!
Sometime when crafting a pitch, I start with the problem. Other times, the vision. It seems both are appropriate at times.
"Even Puffy wears a suit to court!"
When ppl say "I Love You" because it just feels good to say are the type tht pisses me off!
Resident Evil's too scary for me. I've played Skyrim. And I don't really like the FF series... They kinda bore me.
can mobile devices be used for the #hhrising voting? our fans want to know.
Heading 2 New Orleans next month to do a 1 day course 4 a business & then off to Phoenix to speak for the World Scientific Congress of Golf.
It's crazy how things work out! God has a plan for everyone! 🙏
I'm really Worried how my Fams going to act when they meet my babe =/ only my cousins knw the real truth thou.
Goodnight!! please follow me Ari!! <3
It was amazing, Chekov was a little too much. That curly mop top just didn't sell the character well. Combover, Chekov, Combover.
Lol, you already are famous! Too bad our next film is taking place in a high school... are you cool playing a 15 year old?
I just got a call from a 14 digit number. Lol wtf!
6 days left of highschool...it's going by way to fast now 😔
A tear divides my heart and yours.
Sitting here jammin ' to my baby Drake :)
thank you :) its my favorite cut by far! It's so easy :)
Headed to LA in a couple of weeks to check out housing and for an interview. Where should I go for the best tacos?
thank you!<3
do you know when/if alpha omega is going to be released on the US itunes store?
Happiness is an inside job. If I don't have inner peace, than I have nothing. Today, I find time to breathe deeply and look for the good.
Chivalry aint dead. But it is seriously $crewed up. (notice the dollar sign)
Kevin hart is too funny.
Pretty aint what it use 2 b ;/
A pair of would complement this hella nice day really well
Looking forward to discussing and the need for a strong civil justice system with students today
i thought you were talking about the school of business one ok thats fine
O, to be in snowy Britannia today. , you've let me down (again).
preciate that!!! do a favor and share that thang!!!! we tryna get it out there!!!
LOL!! aw but it's true :(
I think he had to go. He was a great man, but this was a staggering failure. Reporting child abuse should be easy decision
Old avi back
My aunt wants me to tutor her in math so she can pass a college exam??
Hi all! Creative Recruiter here with Vitamin T, division of Aquent. Hope it's not too late to join in!
A quiet morning for remembering, honoring, and meditating on this day 10 years ago. Have we cared and loved in those years and honored life.
Can`t sleep!!!
I KNOW I'm awake, BUT it sure does feel like I'm asleep.
Beautiful & inspiring.. you had me choked up big time. Happy to be a part of it in a small way. Xo
I don't know man, I just want to notice me. <3333
The six day Chick-fil-A WinShape Ride for the Family comes to an end TODAY Friday, October 14, 2011 at 11. Come out and show your support!
Paul George... You have been EXTINGUISHED!! Nope.... Doesn't have the same feeling
CRWV so much for a million $ promotion. Thats how quick it can happen kids!
Jammit is free to download and you get to demo a Rush song for free...so you can try it on your iPad/iPhone or Mac OS X first. (PC SOON!!!)
Bulls on Early as fuck...
Anyone else feel like the thumbs down button on #Pandora is bullshit?! I swear, same crappy songs play days later after hitting that thing
Nah, it's best left to the imagination
Every time Obama comes on TV I can't help myself. I have to change the station. Tired of the blah blah, blah
Really bummed when good creatives are forced to leave Portland because they can't find work. They found jobs in SF and LA.
Just heard and eagle cry for help. No joke.
are u talking about that festival?
Dang! I was excited there for a second! Lol Hope you're well. =)
Sin will take your time away from you
That's how I roll
Haha same here..Global warming has finally struck..
Free at last, free at last, thank god almighty i'm free at last
Thanks! I need to hire a stenographer for the office so I can just dictate the articles while I drill. :-)
I bet I could take some kick ass close ups of flowers and shit. I bet people would even want me to do their senior pictures!
of course! another dude to holler at would be too bruh.
People underestimate brick squad . There just jealous that waka screams in his songs and there still hits.
Can't remember the last time I didn't tweet for three days. Been very caught up in the emotions of leaving this amazing place/people
haveing 1 of my bullies almost cut my hair 4 the 2nd time iam DONE
night twitt twit
BOYFRIEND = AMAZING ...you just keep making us #Beliebers PROUD!! :) LOVE this song.
BACON-E.
Aww waste of tweet, typos make me go on suicide watch.
RT : "A man does not have to be an angel in order to be saint." - Albert Schweitzer
Long time no talk. No love for your old friend anymore?
"mother's day brunch for one"
At the bus stop listening to Jack Johnson's "Sitting, Waiting, Wishing."
I don't even know you and you're talking to me like that ? How rude
Layover in Seattle on my way back to Sac. Ah! I wish I had time to go home and see my peeps! Thinking of you all and miss you dearly!!!!
my parents tell me i'm popular...it must be true
: Congratulations to the Golden Eagles and the Badgers!
We will be there loud and proud...Great job on the road trip guys!!! BC will be jumpin! Stay pesky!!!
Depends wether you are happy to see the Polians go, but we have Let's Go Blue Pancakes! They will help you get over any coaching change.
My wonderful husband cooked dinner since I was pooped from cleaning out some closets today. Now my house smells like bacon & I feel loved.
": Just had a GREAT RUN ON ! Can't wait til the water is warm enough to jump in!"-ON keuka?
If you aren't watching live, you are probably living.
I wanna make a collage of you and Austin :)
You're probably following and I'm the invisible one.
what if the supe's ? wasn't, "how do i get this person to be a principal?, but, "how do we help everyone do this work?"
Camp today and 2mrw in Boyceville, then off 2 Chip Falls McDonnell for 2 days of camp, then Chicago 4 USJN Great American Showcase!...Busy!!
Absolutely horrific. I'd be praising God for sparing me, but where would you start?
Finally have time to watch a Brewers game tonight for the first time in 2 and a half weeks! I missed baseball. So much.
But so is former Avon Mayor Richard Burke. If it comes down to a convention/nomination fight the breakdown goes something like this...
Any recommendations for reasonable, close place to stay during conference? Hostels?
i'm in the market for the same setup. what gear did you use?
Never been! Some year, I'm sure...
Yup. Need those magic fingers for tweeting & blogging thus no dangerous sledding.
I'm doing very well. Meeting with clients and working on paper. The usual right... :-)
even if he doesn't play baseball
“: Kinda sad I'm not going to Prom now...” that's sad everyone deserves to go to prom.
perfect! Look forward to meeting you
In science class I dissected a frog...it was cool yet gross @ the same time. My friend cut off its leg.
hey sweetie i hope you have a great day as well
U can win a MVP by yourself, but u gone need a team to win,a ring...
YSL - Enjoyed greatly. Only needed live models to animate the fashion like YSL would have wanted us to see!
Health Tips: People who go on Atkins diets do not suffer higher rates of Heart Disease that such a high fat diet should indicate!
Why my office is usually in my jacuzzi, until I drop my phone in it....lol....
Hey: Here's a mothering tip. check out Cool the Earth; free climate change program for mom's to bring to schools!
Bow ties are really cool this season, just make sure they have lots of fun colors in them. www.southfloridaalerts.com
#CopperMnt got 3" inches from this "storm"...certain promises were made and not kept, mister weatherman!
Enjoyed Archon, but feel off-kilter this week, like 5 days of Mondays with 4 sneaking in under different names. Already thinking about 2012
So tired, but a Glenn is here!!!
Hollywood is gonna be nuts tonight!
movies tonight with Maddie (:
Broncos plane w/ John Elway on board now en route to NC. #TrafficCopter850 watched it leave at 8:24am MT. latest
"It is about engagement, not marketing,"
Sometimes stuff just works out
would love to, but somebody's gotta be on the news desk at 4am!
I know! Why do men like the couch so much?
I HATE BEING THE THIRD WHEEL ALWAYS BEHIND
The great thing about going to something like #Armory is you decide very quickly what you're willing to spend time on.
seattle: always imitated, never duplicated
what the heck alex:D
I'm not sure which black bars I hate more, the sides, or top & bottom. Remember when TVs didn't have those?
Sticking around for #Drogba11thMinute but then skipping the final Chelsea game of the season to plant flowers with my Mom.
will face on Sat., at 5:30 p.m. MT in the first round of the NCAA Tournament.
-- I live 5 minutes away from Turner Field ... haven't been to a game yet this year.
There seems to be no lengths to which humorless people will not go to analyze humor
Hello! I'm having trouble accessing the English language link - is there a direct link to the English site? Gracias!
The air quality isn't that good either, always feel like I'm wearing most of it.
This is too spicy.
yaayy! I hope good people are there tomoroww
What's your advice for our 2011 Summer Camp Counselors????
In this world, be yourself. Everyone else is taken.
Anyone wanna steal a car and go ti the beach? I promise I'm a good driver
So proud of client “: Words can't explain how happy and blessed I am to be apart of this organization.let's get it!
love me Bo Jackson. Hated the Bolts tonight though. They looked horrible.
haha (: i sure as hell am :DD i like cant wait . ive ben waiting for this for what seems like ever !
i just want to go home :(
Early release prison program
Well here comes the STORMS!!
Clean tech has positive impacts on ops and the environment
Tonight we'll be talking about the flurry of NBA moves this week, and the start of camps, the IU-KY game, Xavier-Cincinnati, and the NFL
The Single Life #187 - It's Blasphemy, I Tell You!
beard kill 99.1% of germs. The other .1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard.
RT : New to the twitters: - Petworth's new hardware store!
World Geo, why?
It's only 19 degrees. Good day to spend in my sauna of an office with its old-school heating.
Knowing you made someone day is a great feeling.
is this my favorite Peter? Lol
There is no victim yet. Zimmerman is innocent until proven guilty. Due process even for people we hate
I'm a foodie! Thanks for following.
could please follow me !!!!!
Go USA!! We need to take advantage of these opportunities!!
so. freaking. awesome. almost froze to death but so worth it to see my pick win!
Thanks for the props.
Clint Eastwood for Motor City on comeback commercial imported from Detroit during #Superbowl now that ROCKED
Thanks for the follow - looks awesome!
Did you hear? will be available in just days! Love to see local ice cream pairing with local biz...
I don't think I've ever used "gosh darn" ever in my life until today.
Better hurry – you only have 5 minutes to answer our first #SunbeltTT question!
Someone come get carissa& I from her house on 120th & Center. PLEASE.
Headed to for their second service of the morning! Happy Easter everyone!
Today For the Last Air Up There we Having a Sale for the Dopiest Concert Series EVER... Come thru and Save on some Kicks
Cool. I think I'm going to try to go, so maybe I'll see you there if you can.
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
Need to get away and just relax ☀🍸
unless you're then it's just a good time with good food at a good price.
Thanks for giving me permission, lol.
Looking for an experienced KITCHEN MGR ....immediate opening starting rate is $15 per hr. come on in an interview direct w me!!!!!!
So proud that we have so many local sponsors this year :] Thank you Reno!
im toasted like it ain't no 2mar
Everytime I use a public bathroom I think to myself, damn this many people got sharpies on them at all times! lol -_-
Polybius~ Those who know how to win are much more numerous than those who know how to make proper use of their victories.
FOLLOW RIGHT NW LETZ GET TO 700 FOLLOWERZ SO YOU CAN HEAR OUR NEW SINGLE
Trut's own words to me: "not yet domestic"--some key pieces missing in the domestication puzzle. Repro is one among many.
OMG! Happy birthday matt!! #HappyBirthdayMattGraham :)
Spurs lead Lakers 63-47 at half. Can they maintain?
have fun you two!! Take care of my Piccolina!!
Carrot cake and coffee breakfast. Happy Friday!
He who drinks a little too much drinks much too much.
likes ignoring her daughter :/
No sword in the video?
thee only thing keeping me here is you...
Thanks man, worked really hard on it! Think I'm gonna buy a cannon rebel and be a photographer. What do you think?
Are you an interior designer or realtor? I work with designers and realtors to improve spaces for living and sale. Lets talk.
RT Duney_Jefe Money...sex...something being ratchet ..swag...eatin pussy. ..etc <-----typical tweets on twitter..:-/
“ I wish u would make up ur mind.. LOL!! RT : NYC for my birthday.”| Lmfao I know I know lol
I'd do anything, I'd give you my world, I'd wait forever to be your girl.. :'] Perfect memories. ♥
please follow
A man is the sum of his actions, of what he has done, of what he can do, Nothing else. Mahatma Gandhi
hello ronald!
We see a lot of clients ignore YouTube posting to Facebook & Twitter. That's a big mistake for SEO and SMM!
Will also be presenting "REST API with Zend Framework" at 9:00
Follow #GiveGlobal12 and stay up to date with the Conference!
dear #stevejobs, thank you for being a man who made everyday life better with your gadgets.
Had the most epic fail trips ever:l, lawl
Went GF last year, less aches and pains, overall less inflamation, overall feel much better. Stay with it. Make 2012 great!
Believe in the i m p o s s i b l e <3
: welcome to Twitter! I will write a new letter soon...
Did you know that Jamaica has the most churches per square mile of any other country in the world?
Just tuned into the Clippers Griz game and Gilbert is guarding Nick Young. 2 former Wiz going at it
♫ Claire baby, I wish you could see how it all got twisted...♫
are you talking to me?
Plastikman bout to help me get through proofreading this group essay.
#Always : shoutout to I fux wit her da long way
Have fun Kathy! My advice? Make arrangements NOW to have charitable contribution truck come by for post-sale pickup!
And he's back!!!
If you gave clothes to your grandkids instead of candy, I would have to give you a beatdown!
mom, i honestly thought i was going to be raped for a second. he had the craziest look in his eyes & at one point, he said "let's get it on"
Nice, I like watching ESPN on mute and listening to you guys. Way more entertaining and more Bronco perspective that way.
Wanna learn how to dance like ? Follow !
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 11
< well,well,well wut do we have here?
