Congrats, roomie! You continue to amaze & inspire me in all you do. RT : Personal record. 4:03! (@ Boston Marathon Finish Line)
omg congrats on meeting Cody & Toby! Your tweets are making me fangirl! Hahahha. Sounds like you had fun! :)
A goal of 's app-dev project is to rent/distribute iPod Touches to visitors. Not live yet, your ideas welcome!
It's more fun to be a Pirate than to join the Navy.
set an alarm clock.. haha
Aint been texting nobody back all day..
love that team picture on your Careers page. :)
ill think bout it. turns out we get raw here on Aug 13 last monday before summerslam. soo Big bday bash lol
I like getting negged because it only makes me work harder to win his affection.
Actually I have always been a geek at heart.
If you make a commitment... You should see it out, no matter what it takes.
Rooting for OKC to go all the way this year. Durant has been ripped off from the MVP award for 3 years in a row. Go Thunder.
“: my stomach hurts I'm so nervous for this exam. can't i just have the answer key. please.”<<<<<that would be cheating
RT via Ice Cream lovers: Haagen Das is giving out a free scoop of its "Bee Built" ice cream to promote bee conservation today only
To the top my bracket goes! Always trust the SEC :) right come on Ohio!!!!
The 3 drinks for 2 are: Scorpion Bowl, Rainforest and Blue Mystique. Congrats 2 for being the 1st to ans correctly. Plz DM us!
aww no fun but being productive isn't a bad thing :)
That's it I'm going onna diet
well you should have a read of my new ghetto love story based in Detroit follow me check out free preview on my blog x
Appreciate it EB.
New 10 minute workout plan. Rac for 10 minutes then chick Fila for an hour
I need advice from the great majestic <3
Or if someone says "hey, I'm flying you on my private jet to Italy...." keeps getting better.
When are you coming downtown???
The only good thing was tht is here nd we have candy!!! Hahahahahaha nd tree
#MusicVideos on mute...some are better that way :)
Like : There's very little more comforting than hearing an Aussie on a 9:30am flight, order a beer.
??? Racist much??..spread luv dude gorillas r beautiful
Tigers beat Yankees. Tigers win series
Man.... I am ready to take this leap to success.
RT : Wanna play professional basketball in LA? Play for us! We have 7 more numbers available than do the Lakers!
well we're stuck with it now, might as well give it a chance and see if they actually can make it work.
gO hEeLs!!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts 3 Pack of Universal Touch Display Stylus Pen (Red + Black + Silver)
Now she wished me a happy Easter and tossed her walker at me.
Hunt: could save so many women's lives with just one week's spending in US war in Afghanistan.
Why isn't Oktoberfest in October?
Up early time to get to work.
I really am an introvert. Too many people, too little sleep, and bird food at the conference... Bedtime, now.
Me neither. Don't remember him at all.
lol oh no! Let's hope it does not bite u then! What a beautiful creature :)
I hear there's wet cement outside the offices...Rebellious art/vandalism, yay or nay?
Happy Friday the 13th!
Keeping with the autumnal theme, welcome Maple/Almond flavor to Porter Square! It's amazing with our cinnamon sugar pecans :)
will you please follow me please please please.. I LOVE YOU <3
Wow i wonder who will reach a million views first.
Great time! Thanks for the fun and YUMMY cake! I had to run from Hermosa Beach to Santa Monica after but so worth it!
Needed this! RT When reviews hurt remember the rule of thirds: 1/3 will love you, 1/3 will hate you, 1/3 are indifferent.
My throat is killing me :/
Hoping today will be the day I'll skype with ... Oh wait, never mind ... He didn't accept my request yet! JCJDJSSJDJ UGH!
hello buddy :) •Diamond
"God specializes in using flawed people and changing them..." -Nate Mirza
Im climbing the building on #StPattysDay 4 the #fightforairclimb Help out & search 4 my name on their site & donate
Nim and Nem (Thought) play songs we know This Sunday at "Church" - St. Dymphna's 9pm - 118 St. Mark's near Ave A.
yes it was. I hate when he doesnt talk to all of you. I mean, what does the girl from Big Bang theory have to do with the show?
Need to find a good online hierarchical note-taking solution, but so far coming up empty.
It's hard work finding good San Diego Tweoples. Thanks to those of you who follow back.
i am pretty sure you are somehow related to , he is a #MANIMAL too!!
well it should only snow on top of you house cause Milwaukee don't need none we get bombed every year!!!
How did you get the #3 pick in your own draft lol? He barely left the garage all week so he'll be on it ;-)
-i miss my bestie
With all of the communications options that are now available...you would think people would at least be moderately effective communicators.
If you are hiring a high profile celebrity, athlete, musician or coach, you absolutely must know what a "morals clause" means.
Get the look of ’s #DowntonAbbey (season two airs tonight on ) in our latest Dress the Part! ow.ly/8m3kt
You must consider the output device when choosing aspect ratio. Projectors may not be able to handle HD video.
I fully support this! We need a A.C. Slater vs. Val Venis Rematch!
joe joe how's life my man
Thanks for the support. I enrolled in Loyola's paralegal program. Radio's been a great journey, but I need a different path.
If you have not seen a reply email or blog post and have sent blog material to me recently, send me a reminder email @ .
This is Crazy!! FULL HOUSE!! wit DeRAY, DAVID & Deon attack of da "Dee Gang" & Sexy Marlo, DeRay That My Dogg!!
Her comma usage is off, though.
Why didn't I get to see you? WEIRD format Zack - we were shooed out! :(
So many more blog post to build and put up. Shoots people have never seen, video too.
My body aches 😞...Plans 4 tomorrow: SPA! #NoteToSelf 👈
well, i've more cute pics, but more than you expect, but i won't put,I'M TIRED -.-
right? I have ceased caring ha! It'll be a nice surprise for those who meet me in real life.
Y FUCK WIT A BROKE BITCH. SHE CANT BUY ME NUTHN... ALWAYS GOT HER HAND OUT
Getting #pizza in my science class tomorrow :)
Every Thursday come out to fiesta grill for the hottest thurs night in the valley by Hosted by
And now the moment we've all been waiting for...#Giants vs. #49ers! Who will be crowned the #NFC champion??
..." When two join as one... They have each others back! Pray together to stay together. "
Happy Tweetings to you too K-Marie!!!
Find us on Facebook at facebook/arizonahousepainters to enter to win an Ipad!
Cheese ravioli and salad and bread sticks at olive garden before a long day at work
Gardening is the only time I'd let a leaf tickle my face. :)
Please check email. Thank you
Deuces, anchorage!
I Pikachu When You're Naked.
Easy to way to help support us. Get an Albertsons key card & 1% of your purchases comes back to us! We can mail you a card just ask!
Ask an Expert: Entrepreneurs, you need a great company name - USA TODAY
Many thanks to Checked the schedule, ran and made the bus instead of waiting another 30 mins.
Thundersnow works the same as thunder in a summer thunderstorm, but obviously with snow involved.
...and thank you ;) RT water heater is fixed! Im almost as good of a house mom as mother Mary!
I'm seriously taking the stage after Paul Overstreet.. This is ridiculous!! #kwswf what an honor!!!!
thx for your quick response. How soon could comcast determine why our wireless is intermittent? DM if needed
where is the picture of the guy taking pictures?!
maybe in the playoffs, but not much intensity even during this shortened regular season. Even Heat-Bulls was boring lastnight
Stil up here on the east coast. Burnin' the midnite oil writing more lyrics and strummin' one of my way too many basses.
there's no time like the present
thanks for the follow!
Holy hot as shit in my room!
Is cleaning.... Yay me... Loves the way mah two year old walks away shruggin his shoulders when I asked if he ate all the seeds...
lol you ugly
you're so one-sided and you complain about fox news being like that but you're just as bad lol.
god i just unfollowed so many people now i like only follow celebs ugh sigh
Dinner turned into 4 hours, meeting June, and seeing a little more than we bargained for...love and sweet, encouraging talks!
We thought you'd work in the ice cream! You know is now a customer.
I'll have to try that. I've always convinced myself that someone would ask to sit there anyway just to spite me. Lol
THE BIGGEST STUPID HOE AWARD GOES TO......
don't hold on too tight! Coasters r way more fun when u throw ur hands up and scream ur fool head off!!
YES I WAS CAUSE IM AN AWESOME TEACHER ;D &jk your nice!(:
happy birthday!
RE: Students Learn better with Engaged Parents - I know it does seem obvious, but sadly it doesn't happen nearly enough!
hoping you mean "vicariously!"
Enjoy the class! : Just about to begin #Articulate open enrollement class in Los Angeles put on by
If you don't give me enough attention I will look for it elsewhere
#Wow when I ignore you, that's when I get the most attention
Going Ice Skating with Whuddup?
Did you get the audio? Send me a direct message if you would like it.
Fuckin god damn history why does it have to repeat god fuckin damn it
It's been a good day. I have no complaints. The good news I will have more time for my artwork.
been there. “: I just remembered that for a few hours last night I searched craigslist and ebaymotors for el Caminos.”
Public is invited to the "$5.4 Billion Bake Sale," 10 am May 18 at Main Plaza, to raise money cut from public ed by Texas lawmakers.
In the studio tomorow with to shake things up in Miami
thank you for the fight week blog week video man. its great to have something that can take my mind off finals for a bit
we had a test Bro! One of the security guys was looking for you
No school for me.
We would love to hear your demo's. Please email them too:
There's like 2 weeks left of school .. its CRAZY howw fast this year went.
That's racist! ": We've moved on from doggy style discussion to ethnic food on , good times."
Gack!! The #ASTD2012 app on my iPad has no idea who I am and no record of my selected schedule?!?!?!
how do you guys think Gamel has done at 1B so far? I remember how bad P was in 2007 ctd
ignore my last tweet. I just saw Jay's email.
Miss you lots sunshine
Thanks for the RT!
Its hard to take a role in someones life when you're not even apart of the script..
Bet That
Don't worry brother, I think the show "Thunder From Down Under" here might be recruiting.
So nasty!!! trickery
hi Ralph! The lad has been jamming w/his electric cello at school
Don't give him the ball, at all.
same one bro
yep, this what we do. c:
Last name Bag, first name Douche.
Good morning! "I am always doing things I can't do, that's how I get to do them."- Picasso. Enjoy & Create your day!
Baby you my everything!
is it okaay for Thursday if I have a digital clock on my desk?? Can't tell time very well.
RT "He only masterbates to pictures of himself." what....? I think that tweet just lowered your penis' status on MRS
Hahaha...did ya get the smack down?
Thanks SO much for tuning in!
have you met yourself?
Final day of #exhibitor2012 show floor, ready, set, go! Stop by and say hi to the BoothTag team and at booth 1571
More music you know better you can deprive ideals from. Listening to some sebe king and Freddie mercury at the moment on forex getting paid
#PrayForAlexRiegle that's all I ask for 🙏❤🙏
#Tregillis, Bitter Seeds. Alt history WWII; British demon-dealing warlocks battle Nazi engineered mutants. Likely the first in a dark series
Fair enough
Will do! RT : Please dont hesitate to keep the conversation going. You can find each other using #nytmuseums!
Where scamming happens. RT Another successful sale on #NT .
Didn't watch the Grammys. Friends that did said it was mostly (predictably) terrible.
Oh and the lineup blows
what is up my nig?
A woman who knows her value will only put up with a mans nonsense for so long. You either get right or you will get left.
.. that was funny lolol
Can't wait for tomorrow!!!!!!!!=D going to one of my favorite places on earth! The <3 Hahahahahaha
Poor booth everybody crying :'(
RT :, wht's the most creative pizza U've evr made/had?// Pineapple/Ham, home made marinara made w/RADA pizza stone, of course.
only a few more weeks sweethaht
"Oh yeah. Have fun. Go tweet that."
Great Season #SAINTS . Unlucky today but we still love you. Thanks for a great year!
Searching for samples!
I will open the vegas line at 6.5....any takers? : How many times will Kim Kardashian be married?
very awesome. Congrats.
ru using Jobu's rum again ;)
My stomach growlin but I'm not hungry
Just received new fermentation vessels from Oso Brewing...fantastic folks up there who "get" craft brewer solidarity! Buy there beer, too!
If you have an Instagram, feel free to follow us! Our username is of course !
My scooba was having issues today, took it into w/the black tie protection got it replaced for free and got a $50 gift card. LOVE.
The prices for Halloween costumes can be downright scary
Interesting! Sent my email address to you; we can talk more about what sounds like an great venture!
wanna watch me explode into happy, tiny pieces? Sign Peyton, Let Timmy Learn behind him, 10 years of Super Bowls for the #Broncos endure<3
I will pay you money I need a new one
The hulk is no fun when he's not a complete dumbass. I need him to go apeshit
Wrapped a TV pilot yesterday and wrapping a feature tonight (hopefully !)
You likie!! #winning Philly's finest is pleased! * Dougieing* “: loving ya new avi”
Jus saw someone with #potbellys *craving resurfaces!*
Not entirely sure that #eTrade understands customers and their needs
Rebooting my iDevices seems to have kicked iCloud syncing into action with -- not an elegant solution, but effective.
the things I DM are just too cheesy<3
Finally, "Pistol Pete" shall wear a dress and henceforth be called "Prancing Patricia."
ohh and no the roomate msg has nothing to do w/ me.i've been living solo for long enough i enjoy it..but the friend would be a great roomie
no problem love!. I know what its like. if u ever need to vent you know my twitter. :)
Wrote over 1,600 words this morning. Time for a little break then I'm diving back in.
Just told my mom I need to be put on Adderall. Her response 'no you dont because obviously you don't have a hard time getting it.'
Okay. I'm up, pie is baking, and kitchen is clean. 7 hours until everyone gets here - I can do this.
thank u rob I would like to read some of ur work
Shamrock the Block is a fun #rva event. Food and libations in Shockoe Bottom. And green stuff.
Finally got my Phone back YEE <3
Thanks for the #ff!
Be careful who you trust & tell your problems to. Everyone who smiles at you isn't trustworthy👊
RT : heard this on #uppers “:The police in Rekia Boyd's case was only charged with misdemeanor assault."
« #nf my big cousin »
Good lord! I certainly hope not!!
I haven't watched csi in forever.. it just doesn't compare to criminal minds or law&order.
Going back outside! :\
The best part about memories - You have full creative control.
Anyone want to play some basketball this afternoon at klotschke?
Kudos on the redesign. Super sharp and clean; a huge improvement.
This rooster alarm on my phone must go! Scared the ish outta me!
#oomf has me on an emotional rollercoaster i dont wanna be on......:-(
and you never will
Good job! Spurs Second round of the Playoffs, hopefully they play against The clippers cause I get 2 see my love Blake Griffin(:
I wish Jamie Lono would come back. Just for
The economy sucks. Friend tells me that only when it's dark enough can you see the stars. Hm. Looking heavenward.
Deco Art just gave 2k in supplies for our Gwinnett County Public Schools! Wow!
I go to the ink spot in bay view
We leave Paris demain!
I want to be known as no filter phill...but will still accept me?
we couldn't agree more.
Facebook kind of ruined my day's productivity, but at least it was exciting
I just almost broke my ankle on a crack in the sidewalk opened my car door into my shin & then f bombed a six yr old. Keepin it classy!
Wrong! Have you checked out Monif C? The models is bigger than a 13 and she is THICK and Fabulous Boo!
OAuth2 Autonomous profile supports client creds or receipt of SAML - as WRAP does. WS* has a lot to it. Question: what is enough?
Nine more days till the Biggest Sagg. B-Day Bash ever at !!
my phone keeps auto-correcting various words as "party."
Hope my fro turns out good
I can on Friday!!
On behalf of the Phoenix metro, I am truly, truly sorry you are being treated this way as your first stop on the revised tour. :(
I'M NOT EATING FAST FOOD YOU MUTHAFUCKAZ
This day in1987, One of the greatest jazz drummers of all time, Buddy Rich died aged 69 due to complications caused by a brain tumor.
sorry about that! Thanks for letting us know.
how long are u in town for?
The live feed was shitty too. A think "they" were trying to block out the feeds.
So I almost feel bad for the dude I caught moving my laundry to an empty dryer. He was a like a deer in headlights
I'm out and about at Uptown & Coronado, who wants a coupon?? To find me, you must know I only date superheros. :o)
Thanks for sharing the nice compliment!
hope ur wrong too. Gotta have faith hurney & co know what they are doing.
I don't want anything new.
I try to respond everybody, but you are apparently so right.
“: Domonique Foxworth has been unanimously elected as President of the NFLPA by the Board of Player Representatives.” >> Good man!
Woke up sick this morning with a sore throat :(
I totally agree, super crummy.
Happy Mother's Day to all the lovely mother's in our life!
Relaxing evening after this week's burn out - MST3K movies and documentaries from Netflix.
RIP Facebook. Twitter finally killed the right thing.
OMG! Scallops with black truffles was unbelievable! So good!
C u twitter! I'll be back in a few days!.
It is impossible to look cool running for an airplane.
Heavy D's passing just reminds me how much I miss the "fun" Hip Hop I grew up on. R.I.P.
Fashion is the enhanced version of who you are while style is the outer reflection of character.
me when my ipod is on shuffle: no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no yes
I thought it was good. appreciate the RT
thank you TalentoMartin!
Hypothetical question: Which list is more talented and will win a World Series first? The Yankees' 25-man, or the Yankees' DL?
haha i dont think you should tell people that
Interesting show produce by on ocean pollution. Ocean of plastics now twice size of Texas-Need global solutions.
Me: omfg I'm gonna cry. Mom: why Me: reasons.
$2 Mexican Cervezas ALL DAY Long!!! Gotta love Hump Day !!
That really rustled my jimmies
Did you like me yet? www.facebook.com/agloenterprise
watching them eat that made me sick hahahha ewWw - the nachos !!
sadface. let's fix that! RT : Watching #ModernFamily without and ...this isn't as fun as it should be.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer41
I miss my nose piercing :c
Debra Granik's film, WINTER'S BONE, is the first must-see film this summer. Check this out.
Hello Piers, Describe what Qualities makes a Good TV Interviewer? I feel you ask your Guests Great Q's on your CNN Talk Show!
i think your icon's gorgeous.
know about la explosion? any restaurants nearby?
#OomfNeedsTo STOP giving me Mixed signals!!
please be my wifee i promise I won't cheat
Bosh bad turn over. Dirk made him pay.
hahaha it was so random and hilarious!!!:D
Nice catch. Sigh.
What happens in Atlantic City pretends it happened in Vegas.
Midnight premier of the hunger games = josh hutcherson on a big screen!! <3
superb job tonight!
true lol & you really are (:
wow. , that is your highest so far
Hey, it wasn't rainbows or unicorns. Lol
“: Just a typical Saturday night with baking & wine" next time you do this let me know, I'm always up for baking and wine :)
On my way to Universitas21 Conference in Vancouver. Snowy Denver layover. Not used to that white stuff
According to the NIDCR, adults aged 20 to 64 have an average of 24.92 remaining teeth.
what is it
is permanence illusory? what's the impact of the retail model?
follow back? :)
bet has more total blocks, just cause honor will be shooting all day
Thank you, , for the Shambala recommendation.
I luv u too baby!
Rubio: &#39;The world cannot make it happen without us&#39;
It is part of the cure to wish to be cured. ~ Seneca
No twitter war for me tonight. Just suggesting Colin gets the stick out of his ass for once. Or get laid
HEADING TO THE STUDIO LATE NITE SESSION
planet of the hoes
MRNG PEOPLE, THINK WE MADE & STARRED IN HANGOVER I, SMDH
Lots of of bitter tweets regarding the Lakers on my timeline.. On the other hand, haven't seen my sister this happy about a game in a while.
What happened to Monaco, B.G? :(
Thanks man!!! How's the job hunt?
New season of ridiculousness
Who is at 57 Degrees Food Truck Extravagnza? & more! 1735 Hancock St, San Diego
- no longer have any streams or dashboard for my account.
TRICK QUESTION. Nothing is better than pizza.
So basically, the press conference contained nothing new?
you are very welcome. Austin is a nice city.
omg i just realized that u changed your username. Nice!!! i cant believe that its snowing there already & im missing it
Counting down the days until The Mars Volta's "Noctourniquet" releases!
Sounds like a busy but good way to end the week.
a journey is like marriage: the certain way to be wrong is to think you control it
Did you know the president is super super super sexy?
♥♥♥ Happy Valentine's Day to all ♥♥♥ "Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own."
I heart you too,(:
I have 3 FREE tickets to the NM Bowl! Any takers??
because she is not sure if she has a son or a daughter anymore?
THIS RT HE'S DOING IT AGAIN! Josh Hamilton smacks 2nd homer of night, 17th of season. And it's only the 4th inning.
Just had "Big Balls" sung to me for my bday. I have the best friends ever.
Now watching
depends on the sue. but sounds like that's how you use it
had a awesome commercial audition today!!
Tonight was just fun. Also, I'm really impressed by the crew of Those set changes were big and went off without a hitch.
First time ever! $22 million from local donors for health, education and income via United Way. #uwcelebration. THANK YOU
I knew i fit in here! Luv johnny on the rocks too! RT : vodka (or scotch) is the official drink or #shehchat :)
RT : I just confirmed to speak at the Spelman College Women of Color () Conference in May. #Humbled&Honored
Side note: I need to get me some B12.
Some kids are cut off from high quality instruction. We ration it along lines of class & color, school by school, & within schools.
uh oh. We are talking tomorrow.
that was awesome
western? What's the pitch? At your site?
Can I have your autograph?
Just released a white wine from Burgundy! This 2009 Aligote is a tasty little gem! Only 60 cases were brought into the U.S. and is only $23!
Thanks for sharing! Great photo!
yay! I'm hoping to be as well. Thanks for the heads up on the email.
thanks for posting that siquieros sketch, that's one of my favorite pieces of all time
Another SEO challenge to sink our teeth into... SEO for These apps lately even turn up accurate responses to my NY accent. Awesome!!
Meanwhile, LSU SLIS students in their final semester are taking comp exams today. I'll be there in a year. Good luck, all.
I'd love Leslie to win, but if Bobby wins, we get to keep Paul Rudd. It's a win-win.
Nice guys finish last, thats why I'll treat you like trash.
Thank you for the support!
New agent. New union status. New year on it's way!
well im sure thats only when ppl piss yu off.. bein around me, ull always be as sweet as pumpkin pie haha
the avengers is supposed to be good. and 21 jump streets the shit
Characters must change more or less throughout scene.
must be from the same folks that invited me to Nigeria to claim my $16b
ah that happened to me on the subway! not the rear ending but the iced tea al over lol
He has lost credibility. He doesn't seem to be up to date on many issues.
RT : My CTIA Wrap-Up report is mostly about obscure handset vendors clogging the show floor with dual-SIM featurephones
Now the Sox are trying to blow their game. This is a great night.
tonight she lets us know that 48 hours of rehearsing foreign sounding names is possible for her
oh weird? you should be able to type msconfig in search and it will list the program. your not adding anything to that search?
About to lock my tweets, shits dumb getting in trouble for tweeting something
Thank God!!!
the long ass bike ride me and my nigga took today !!
I should get every Friday off.
A union boss candidate will not be strong in general. Barrett or Falk will be candidate I here. Others lack$
Love this weather.
bring some over here
": I will have these memories forever and I hope we can make more someday. I'm gonna miss you man."OMFG YOU GUYS NEED TO STOP:,(
From Rodriguez on, that game was electric.
Lol there was about to be a fight
What, you don't have an affinity for Nicholas Cage? I thought everyone did.
Having a good time with the lil prince. Spa a lil later. Happy Mothers Day to me!! 😄💐
we have rolled out an update to our team roster display which will ensure that the correct roster is displayed for the summer season
Watch on Rachel vs. Guy!! #GoTeamGuy:)
Any word on an amnesty clause with the current agreement?
at like 10
It will be in your "mentions" section.
IdoBasketball.com is up and running! What a wonderful day! Come in and find videos, tutorials, blogs and book me for private coaching...
He's signs a new monster deal, and talks about how much harder he's going to work.
Somebody paying the reffs off!
hit up
i didn't know you followed me (: ha, i miss you baberz!
Hi Mike! Hope all is well with you. Thank you for the RT : )
don't worry I make banging cupcakes (;
thats what i need
Yeeah i miss-typed lol.Ooh it doesnt matter,i just wanted to check :)
If she does notice, just kick the hornet's nest as you run.
Agree, used to love it but so many BS decisions the last few years have tarnished the sport for ever.
Nick just asked if I like pickle slushy eww
hit my phn bro
I messaged you with it
yeah I can hold out but 50 sure is tempting.
no my business trips are technical stuff I don't sell hapiness like
Don't let anyone dictate your life for you or ever put you down!
doesn't matter when there aren't any real men anyway.
I'm taking my frustration out on a pint of ice cream.
Every time I get upset at how dirty my roomates are, I think "I'll graduate, I'll graduate" - great motivator to do well in school.
Sure thing! If you ever need a video, let's discuss - looking forward to it! :)
ahha! Do you want me to bring yours tomorrow or do you want me to keep it until the concert? :)
oh, the terror of the blank page in my tumblr.
adam i miss you! (: i hope your day has beein going good <3
I do not have the knowledge....
Jordans such a sweetie though.
he made me laugh thanx i needed dat
Dear 2k NBA 2k12 is so annoying The servers r always down online assoc is good but takes 4ever for FA to sign Ur games r bad
Beautiful Souls: Saying No, Breaking Rules, Heeding the Voice of Conscience , with Eyal Press, TODAY 1 pm
PLZ FOLLOW ME (: I NVR GET NOTICED BY YOU GUYS ):
hahaa not even the whole afternoon.... Say 45 minutes- hour tops.
- Atlanta misses you! Hope that you come back soon. My husband and I can't wait! May God continue to bless you!!
just finished a #productionsession in the #writingroom at
By James Dinh Rihanna made her third appearance on "Saturday Night Live" this weekend, giving a memorable performance wh
what a horrible mystery.
No haven't. But Wimbledon is on our list of packages we would like to put together to offer as a complete trip "Giveaway"
from what I recall, it'll be replaced with another O'Shea's as part of a refit of that block
I will keep asking... I want more on Thursday nights!! No excuse for not having the tag champs on.
Having the knowledge is just like having a treasure map, but you don't start the adventure until you get going.
OH SHIT, It's shout out wednesday. Right back at u fam
Got cha. Now, if I could only understand this twitter like I do FB...anyway good afternoon
Look at the one guy in the Louisville polo!
Tara Sounds! iTunes iTunes!! :)
Feeling AMAYZING today!
i like this one
Keep in mind that, as an Envoy, you are also eligible for the CEN internship...which pays more!
“Experience Design Practice Development”, a Workshop. Livia Labate,
hrrm how's the data mining, i mean game development, going?
I'm going to draw water alrighty. Lol I'm coming to crash the party! Me and Shenea
is that open to the public??
Oh do I ever! haha great pic!
How about our #SF #Niners!! Way to have the lead at half! Go #49ers!!!
Well... Don't lie
It is unfortunate that New Jersey's govrnor cannot have a civil,or honest discussion about what's best for America-ProPublica
#nowfollowing you back , thanks for the follow !
yeah we met at a show :p and you're music is great!
Yo dude what time is the phillies game today
don't forget kyle
Lolol.(: I look through my baby pictures and caption them!! That's my favorite part of pictures!
A fine reason. And the time diff will help you get there by 6, a necessity unless you love long queues.
I Got You
Fuck you #googlechrome Im going back to firefox! -.-
Milner-Fenwick's New 'Hospital Quality of Care' Education Videos Support ... - Newswise (press release)
very well said
we live in a negative world if only we had more positive ppl wit more positive thinkn wit more positive words to spread
I love D Wade but after that he needs a Sprite
celebrating the hometown win with a fried egg sandwich this morning. pretty darn good all around.
Coodies washed off...in bed...wearing my Iron Man pjs...life is good.
is the hardest worker I know, always up late studying #straightA's
HAPPY THIRSTY THURSDAY! Come on down to the HUSTLER CLUB for $3 Absolut Vodka Drinks, Bud & Bud Light !
Midnight showing of the Avengers with Kelsey and & yes, it is my 3rd time seeing it, because I just really love Chris Evans
Remember Black History Month Women's History Month and even Confederate History Month is all American History and exists beyond these months
Listening to jazz guitarist Joe Beck alto guit & jazz vocalist Deborah Brown. The nearness of you.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
about time Clare - see y'all soon! RT : Ooh I just found on twitter! Sweet! the w/ Pops 6/7-6/10
hey you better be there Thursday or I'll probably cry! ;)
I'm TRYING TO GET IN I'm watching them through the window they're like playing skeeball lol
thought my family was the only one to call it a clicker... definitely agree
sometimes you've just have to make sacrifices
Omg I just saw the video where that ugly lady beats her baby!!!! I seriously just wanna cry, that's so ugly!!!!!!
New School is done til mid-Jan. Rapper session 2morrow. Pete Lanctot on Fri. It'll B a bizzy break.
Overheard outside the Overture Center today: 'That's a whole other bag of cats.' I feel bad I missed the rest of the conversation.
Wedding stuff.¤ blah its too late for that jazz
How do you veiw others? Check out: todays minute - - “A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching: www.johnmaxwellteam.com
Josie's napping, of course. Darn kids.
10 hours from now, we'll be shakin West Chester to its very foundations. Where will you be?
Getting some much needed rest its still early in the morning here in da Philippines
Happy National Volunteer Week! Thank you to all the volunteers who are busy making the world a better place to live!
thanks!-shouted your shop out here! I'm loving the pic frame jewelry display & LEGO phone holder. Two very cute ideas!
I'm about to put For the Fallen Dreams new song on repeat and go to sleep!
happy birthday marshall
sounds good!!
Does anyone else have a butthole for a mom?
sorry dude it's the truth that's why she didnt reply to your tweet
#SometimesIGetSickOf Not Knowing What To Wear
agreed, and too lazy--please send my way!!
all black everything I salute u
Idk whose pandora station I should listen to ):
Why did the fish get kicked out of school?......Because he got caught with seaweed.
How is the Senate fighting Wall Street speculators who are driving up the price of oil?
It's very difficult to argue with that based on the first term.
Thanks, the money became available sometime this morning.
"Library Journal," huh? so your real name isn't good enough, any more? your grandfather from Hungary will turn in his grave.
the way it works is they play against two games. One home and one away. It counts as two goals if you score away and one
My 'No Doubt' Pandora station took a turn for the worse. Creed and Nickelback?
american cheese, shredded mild cheddar,& too hot dogs grilled, on sourdough bread . Nom nom nom :-) :-)
As I figured, told you to f'me.
must balance rate of application of training stimulus with rate of adaptation
just answered no to All them damn questions...lol
At #CloudforceDC where are you?
Congratulations to the UW-River Falls softball team on winning the WIAC tourney for the second straight year.
Today is the first day of Winter! So get those shorts & flip flops out j/k. Snuggle up w/ loved ones & order in from EAT OUT IN!
Wow! Ms. Warren shut down the Boyz on the show. You go girl!
Thank you! RT : in Austin is awesome!! Used to go there and loved it.
“I don’t trust doctors, preachers, married women.” Sounds like a Via. ;)
That moment when you know you're losing someone but can't do anything about it.
I'm Too Impatient...
why thank you :D
The workers at target r mean...
Listening to 2 minutes... about to start writing... ive been away from the pad to long
i do follow u tho :/
i do <33 and you actually accomplished to make me smile :))
keep in touch
morning ya'll
Editing our show can take forever.
Thanks for tweeting #EVN12 --interesting topics covered!
Congratulations to !!
How did we keep 9,580 pounds of plastic out of landfills? By using recycled printer cartridges! Just one of the ways we're going green!
Good girl, he needed it ;p
AB 2145 for better discipline data passes CA Assembly #education cmte -- 'a great need for information' says bill author
I just read an article that side bangs can give you lazy eye and now I'm sure I have that so now i'm paranoid omgg
Its so nice outside. Why do i have to be inside? Lunch with my sis Kelly. :)
Merry Christmas the day of having ur parent yell at you for not cleaning the dishes right or not smiling for a picture you didn't know was..
We LOVE our fans! They come from all places near and far… where do YOU come from?
man I'ma kill that beat, that beat goes hard as fuk, so does tha song, thumbs up homie
Yea, me and you could be the extras in the background! We could play two silly cheerleaders! ;)
both great.. Kind of out of order but both super fun
Have you considered fixing your hair in wax?
At Il Davide in San Rafael
just registering to vote has become so difficult w/ all the new "rules" created by repubs..to keep some people from voting
3 hour nap is no bueno for tonight.
What's looking good for lunch today?
RT : Inside scoop: #EversaveSFL is launching local deals tomorrow in SE Florida! Please
If people stare at you give them a reason to because you are beautiful <3
#3WordsOfAdvice KNOW YOUR RIGHTS
I fucking love it!!
Yeah it just got put together as an example today. is the next stop for the personal domain ;)
Fortune is a great deceiver. She sells very dear the things she seems to give us...Vincent Voiture
come say hi! We're at the table across from the bathrooms.
What do you think about the case so far?
Thanksfor coming out today!
PODS® is a unique service providing innovative & convenient solutions designed to make moving & storage more efficient and flexible for you
Ima leave you stranded in your shyt
Full healing of the skin may take several weeks to months. .keloidsurvey.com
Great, I smell like charcoal.
Aw shame for the boy but lucky break for u!! #come on Wales!!!
well alright enjoy! Tell me how you like the movie afterwards!
I'm waiting for marriage lol
Status: I haven't had any sleep since Thursday evening (literally). But once again another satisfied customer.
"In Spite of All the Danger" is one of the first songs recorded by The Quarrymen,
I am definitely not mainstream.
that's what they said to Admiral Ozzel. Look how he wound up.
I hate that I'm getting used to seeing empty storefronts on 101 @ the
a hamburger with no onions 
phew! tall request
so far no black cats have crossed my path! lol
Heading to Cancun with for the PEI young executives conference
=( The concert is a month away, I have to get 25$ to go.. oh and the ride to get there and back. not looking so bright=(
Please call and request #BeautifulThing :
I don't care about your hangover go complain somewhere else that's not twitter.
Welcome back Ron.
of course! We had a blast!
At for #mothersday and this place is a disaster hope everyone else is having a good day with their mom
Plenty has caused me to lose faith in it before, will be interesting to see how my experience goes.
Headed to the awards banquet. One of my guys, Jason Lawson,(did 2 TICs for his school) is national double-goal coach honoree!
hey juls! I didn't get a tweet from you in a while..... you'd make my day (:
You want to make something awesome get
Be yourself because everyone else is taken and besides no one can make a better you than YOU(: <3
do you realize when someone checks you out?
Happy Birthday to the best punter in the league!
Obama can get OBL in a distant country and in an undisclosed location; but he can't identify a single criminal on Wall Street.
Holed up in Parma Heights.
Omg brain fart I totally forgot about that haha. I don't follow them anymore, so they arent able to respond back neway right? :c
Saw a ladybug, does that mean good luck? Ah
sometimes a bitch snaps. today might be my day.
Do we have practice today... 😒
This is the best baseball matchup ESPN has had in a long time. Too bad I'm going to have to change it at 8 for Desperate Housewives
If you are struggling with the grammar concepts, please see me asap! It gets more difficult from here.
NO IT'S NOT MY BIRTHDAY NO MORE!:(lol
How despicable! But there is no GOP #WarOnWomen You speak the truth and they can't deal with that. BTW, you look great too.
We're delighted to have writing her first post for us on being female, black, and Reformed.
hi i'm luke carr and i am legally obliged to tell you that i have a boulderbadge
Welcome, Heidi M., Jack and Janet. Thanks for your support!
Something's gotta give bud, we are still in the "not farting in front of stage" when I get dropped off its like a jet engine
Everything looks setup correctly on your end. Try contacting your gateway for more details on the error.
You're too kind! We're blushing! Thanks for being a fan of Quaker Steak & Lube!
It's terrible, no way he should miss a game after both teams were physical all series. Just terrible.
via : OK taking a snapshot while on a wireless connection in SL really messes with the video.
i'd rub her back
I'll give u a hint initials are H.G. from Germany.....Go lol
We wish you an AWESOME weekend!!!! Let's have fun!!!
LOL...yeah...meant going to bed! My bad with that last one. Going to bed during storms! - Bryan RadioNOW
“Love is not selfish...U can’t meet someone...then tell them 2 stop doing the things they love. Even if...U might lose them.” Cate Wittmack
ever try doing sun salutations - there your yoga AND cardio RT : Tweeps: yoga or cardio? Someone tell me what to do.
Dont let her smile fool you.
Just messaged you back!! :-)
Aren't you guys talking about Twitter and small businesses next Sunday? Could you repost details please?
Saturday on the scooter and lunch #Tremont647. Great margaritas and bloody marys!
I'm so confused! I read some things on my timeline.... but I don't get it:/ hope is all fine...
Child Fatality Review Panels, a statewide forum needed similar to national proposal. KY needs a dialogue around prevention!
Great series of presentations about condors and the lead poisoning issue at Ithaca College campus today!
Me & are on the run
Funny shit. Cashier Says: have a nice day. 4 year old kid says: Have a nice day, how do you do that. Lmao
Still not sure why anyone would feed pigeons.
Thank you for the webinar mention!
My favorite band and singer together?! D: I MUST GO!!! :D
I forgot what a stunningly great song ocean size is until they played it to tonight. Janes Addiction is still at the top of their game.
texaa tech's d isn't the calibur of oregon's. we'll score but i at least want a game.
haha! lol, yeah but i dnt need 60k i got my DJs helping me but they like to do it for free!
Thanks for listing #WritingEditing /local-biz !
- we wish you were going to be there tomorrow. Hope all is well.
I will help whenever u need
#Imagine Austin singing to you until you fall asleep in his arms.
where are you located?
Thanks! It has been very useful. Pictures sell a space better than anything. Can always add contributors... :-)
loved it. Jaime is good people ;)
oh ok. Follow me. What's ya favorite hobbies?
Right, and in the intervening period, I moved to NYC.
By supporting its revitalization, it helps promote our health and support youthful DNA.
Can somebody tell me what 'regular printing' is these days? I have no clue but we get a lot of people asking for it.
Working/Making marketing contacts while gambling in Central City! Relaxing friday night actually. Lol
Rejection is not defeat !! Don't get it twisted! Try Try Again
Your back home:D Family of 5 once again!(:
Come visit us tonight. We are breaking in a new wok!
The fact that I saw lightning ten minutes ago and continue to hear thunder is making my night just so much more enjoyable. :)
google reader is curation central for digital and RSS info
I'm there son!!
Bodemeister, Daddy Nose Best, Creative Cause. Book it.
thank you! I really enjoy both of my optics (35 & 80 w/ Composer) and highly recommend them.
Same day Delivery Solution for ALL your Courier Service needs! Open 24 hrs a day, 7 days a wk! www.lonestardeliveryonline.com 877-527-5737
Judging from my timeline, I am not the only one with a girl crush on
what part we on the way to Dallas
Check out during tomorrow's 13TH Annual Walk/Run for Awareness & Hope at CBS Studio Center in Studio City tomorrow morning!
me too
what happend to your last acct?
Luv filming part of my second video at Bean Groovy - Thanks Brian <3 you all
So when u going to Korea now?
I'm a highlighter. Your a crayon. You may color the world, But I make it brighter.
..bastard! No follow aloud? Ah, trey trey desole', mon cheri..ciao! -Stronodelarosa
ugh I don't know if I can.. Or if I care enough to try!
Pretty picture ! :)
Why does it look like Carlos Boozer drew on his hair with a Sharpie??? Smh
Enjoy and snack up during #SLS12 break
Everyone thinks me and my mom are so close, but really, its the opposite of that.
can't wait to come in next week to shop for my new job!
With Boychuk being assigned to the Rochester Americans, is there still a chance we get him back or is he gone for good? Thanks
Aw #oomf got him a lil girlfriend. Im so happy for him😊
thanks for the warning, think we can handle and her partner in crime....Xo! ;)
4 Climate communication gaps: it's happening now, it's us, we have a choice, & scientists agree.
Can we plz get Greg on Twitter? : Thanks to Greg Ratliff and everyone who attended our session.
Sweeney Thank you for having your Mother's Day Cooking Party at Piccolo Chef!
Chargers, you're breaking our hearts!
Just embarked on a project where I'm writing a 21 day challenge on making money online - both fun and challenging.
Taking down the arena is making me sad
Good luck to all of you on your panels at #AWP12! And have fun. :-)
OMG TODAYS BEEN THE BEST DAY EVER followed me & so did Harry Styles !!
This mother fuckers shirt says Yolo ....
when the batter finishes some of his swings on his knee he means business!
Condolences, Rough one yesterday. The G-Men are tough, and the NFLRZ Chat love for Prince was too much to overcome.
im done
Smoking pole made me so relaxed and happy that I actually got to fall back asleep.... so sweet.
THANKS, Emily! What a day of remembrance - thanks 4 joining w/ us!
Skip, we're startin an all new twitter page 4 the revolution of baseball in Miami RT & get REAL FANS & plyrs 2 follow!
Duty is a word I don't miss. 7 years of no midnight phone calls and counting!
the dude is an idiot. He wont cry, he said he says what he believes...he's apologizing because the teams making him
Just cleaned my oven. Without letting it catch on fire this time.
Thanks to everyone who requested "Bad Mutha" on The Local Buzz w/ on lastnight!
Thanks girl! Enjoy your week and hair, see you next time:)
Just do you...someone will notice!
- I guess 4th time (4th Season) is not the charm.
haha well I'm home now so it's all good
I might need to go to the mall
I hate when females cant find a dude so they magically become bi just so that can have sumeone taking the chances from real bisexual people
when i listen to country music, my southern accent comes out. it's bad. #whathappenswhenyouhaveamixofasouthernandnorthernaccent .
On display at
YAY! RT : Had a great time! Thanks to those who organized!
#Canucks fans getting a little cheeky after #Canucks stave off elimination
Not sleeping tonight
anyone have a clue as to who might sell #gratefuldead hoodies with a bolt all the way down the back? they're at mtn jam, ne fests
No one wants to help trend Rushers Rule The KCAs? #WheresMyBTRFamily?
oh haha yea I love them!
Every museum needs a tweeting dog.
told you... Been following you for years
I am NOT liking the new twitter!
ANOTHER COMMERCIAL BREAK? I'm done.
Hopefully it's some hoe'x at tha fair tonite...
We'll have a both a clown troupe and a paramedic unit standing by! :D
Woo-hoo! Congratulations, lady! That's amazing news.
Ditto-- Thanks for the tweet!
Hi Judy I bet you're pretty busy right now. Keep rocking!
Undergraduates, when you don't staple or number your papers you cannot be mad when I assume you only turned in two pages
LOOK AT MY LAST RT. refresh the page & vote for Austin again :D
First time ever to try craigslist - listed office space I have for rent and 6 calls already! Wish I had tried it a long time ago.
yup, she's been out there for 8 years or so and did meet her fiance out there too
Which ones? Very little of the good stuff aside from Tokaj is available in the US.
Power point about how to do Excel
S/o to meeting up with reminded me that we gotta get back on what we started. Any word from kmk?
RT : "Everyone loves a flash mob!"
If you are a non U.S. Cycling coach, DM me if you would like to record a class for our latest Spain DVD series.
So indecisive
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 6.) Technology! why must u always crash down on me when i need u the most!??!! HUH?!!!!!
can Dasan come?
Yes! Love it!!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you run out of awkward moments.
Or trying to avoid capture by Interpol.
I wanna be a metal bender now!
your book has made a great gift for the women in my life .... lkn fwd to reading it myself..
it's when you refresh too much twitter cuts ya off to tell ya to slow the fuck down. Lol I wish it were real!
AND I LOVE IT
Thanks to for this past friday and to everyone that came out! What a great time, with great beer! !
wheres a picture of her?
To get the wino foursquare badge, do you have to go the a wine place 5 days in a row or can you split it up? Do you remember?
"in this hour there'll be ten thousand funny videos that are uploaded- that aren't funny." -brilliant
have you seen what we just setup here? bxt.me/ncvs2010 Hey #ncvs! get the TweetNotes from the ENTIRE conference. Every tweet.
Make you a skypeee !
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. -Benjamin Disraeli
Just saw the Obama-Sphero video. Super cool. Hope all is well with you guys!
the same hahaha
Thanks for showing our SURA students around the studio today. You've inspired them to be just like you & we think thats great.
I hope not :( if they do... Idk what I'm gonna do
I'm starting to feel a little better.... Thank You Jesus .....
Lost half a toenail to punk rock last night.
#EMAC students, there were zmail issues yesterday. If you do not receive a response from me w/in 24 hrs pls (nicely) re-email. Many thx.
i have one more class, one more hour of my undergraduate career...wow.
So glad u enjoyed! RT : amazing night with the best friends I could ask for and the rest of Manhattan #LOVE my life
#1 rule during arguments: if you're losing, start correcting their grammar.
Yes we do, thanks so much!
Exchange concert at the Shanghai Conservatory today, and then back to the US tomorrow!
I like your pic:)
"Tenderly" is finished and set to go to radio, but God is intervening wonderfully!!!! release maybe pushed back a lil!
Thanks for filling the Secret Style Suite closets and
crazy cold outside if u dont have to leave stay home warm in your bed :)
#SexisBetterWhen when im hittin it n make her speak another language i papi
Good morning babies 😚
hey i added all my followers pimp me how are all you doing out there new pic's just uploaded check them out ;D
lol so true.. who knows... they might win once?
looking forward to dinner Wednesday
When I was young, I told my parents...."When I grow up, I want to be a musician." Now I have come to the realization that....You can't...
...but you do
Got invited to a LinkedIn power users event in May...pretty cool.
Trust me, "Ghostbusters In Hell" is better left dead. Dan couldn't even get Ghostbusters 2 right.
Only two days left on INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on #Goodreads! Get your name in!
It's fake, dummy!
We all want the same shit. It's just how we achieve at getting that shit.
Dynamic Productivity and Organizational Guide: Secrets to getting and staying motivated, achieving your goals, more free time, more money
SEO Rob - twitter.com/expert
Ok...you're Terry Ryan: What do you do with this #Twins roster?
Big fan of your show David. Special memories watching your show with my grandfather. I adore Pearl Jam too. :D <3
GO ON
wanna explain why you keep following and then unfollowing me? Is it a yolo thing?
Happy birthday to my best friend, my mom, and Walt Disney today! What a day to celebrate!
Starlings are believed to come from northern Norway.
no other company incites anger in me quite the way at&t does.
Happy Birthday to The Prince Of Soul Brother MARVIN GAYE! B
hey man, sent you an email
perfect match.
thanks for the follow :)
thanks for the follow!
Downloading music, its such a passtime :)
ENOUGH!!! thats like ur 20th tweet on football. Give it a rest
i think it is now finally cold enough to wear my new headband from !
Nice! My day has turned out better than I expected thanks:) so what're you up to?
Good Morning, Thanking the man up above everyday for my blessings.
You just described a typical #DC politican. MT OBAMA is a pathological liar, an opportunistic community agitator.
I alwys get distracted....now to announce what I came in here for: KAYA JUST MADE SHE-SHE IN THE TOILET FOR THE 1st TIME!! (Y)
Austin, Tx bound! So ready to see family, frosty margaritas and friends. Home is sweet.
I often struggle with the thought, am I robbing my children of their childhood by forcing them to grow up in such a Violent community?
Love. Peace. Respect. Music.
RT tons of new articles, interviews and free downloads at www.ShowtimeXposure.com
uh hi. How are you?
Frankly I don't think any such sentence has even been frank, let alone true. Well, except for that one.
My Favorite Year 1992 The Chronic Album was Released!! Where's RBX? Still no Detox... oh it's coming out tomorrow
Let me know when your new web-site is active .. i produce and i am also looking for new record label for 2012 Tour..Thanks!
Depression is nothing to laugh at, but a depressed person is.
Me thinks this is momentum.
What about the animated series? And the video game? You're through the looking glass here.
it's like riding a bike. It will come back to you and You'll feel your way through it.
Have you considered scotch, instead of polar bears? the endgame is obviously free samples.
Brouwer and Kelly.
HAHA Thanks, I'll try to make you proud! RT Get it, giiiirrrlll :-)
Kasey Hill out of Montverde is probably one of the quickest pg i've seen. Kenny Anderson, A.I., Kasey Hill in that order.
You know you're at The Block when your ass has been grabbed more than 5x & it's normal
has over 900 fans! How soon until we can get to 1,000?
Congrats :D
Newt's bus is five minutes away. Or so they say. NEWT-tron bomb. I love politics. I don't care who it is!
Hey we record thursday Ill let you know when you can hear them:) also let us know if we can get on any big 3SP shows next year!
Favorite lunch spot closed-now icky mini mart-boo :(. Happily though ice cream sandwiches now in office vending machines yum!
what's that supposed to mean?...
Kings are no joke!
Last smooth commute on the Alaskan Way Viaduct before #Viadoom. Glad to be going to Hawaii next week. Enjoy the traffic, folks.
RT : ... google just as capable of getting things wrong as the rest us us :) [and we'll still follow them over the cliff cliff]
RT : if there were 3 effective food banks in yr town, you wouldn't start another one. So when starting a thtr co...
Awesome - thank ya!
: Thank u Kaylaaa :D
Been up all night sending in resumes. I need a job. Driving a truck is just not for me.
Grant money from Rotary will provide materials, social work and training.
Great now that I got the orders out (10 new boutiques!) + a little time to organize b4 the NYIGF orders! Thank you CA Gift Show
i saw you in the Huffington Post today. That's kind of a huge deal.
I've cried this whole episode
Not surprising to hear Chris Webber is already bagging on the Mavs.
Outta work can't wait to go home & relax
my thoughts have been shifted/bettered by friends (new and old) - this is what conferences are for -
Monkey from
And we still have some Coronas left over! Glad you could fit it in. BTW, I LOVED the sea glass wine. It is so me :)
true alright hotstuff c ya later ;)
Elle Varner not too bad..
A few of us wondered out loud about Google buying Blackboard. G-learn, anyone?
You should do it, they're 4 floors down from you. :)
Probably the most famous Green Party member is Ralph Nader.
Watching the sunset with you on my mind. I'm missing you.
Thanks for your support Cristina! Enjoy 15% off Medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/1/12. Happy Sunday!
I'm comfortable, and I know my surroundings
they may have the skin color wrong, but they are damn right about the name!
... tonight! I'm performing at the #MoustacheRideComedyShow at show starts at 8:30. come thru!
busy season ahead for you! Can't wait to create some beautiful books for your beautiful work!
and theyre like best friends off the court too!“: Cp3 or Tony Parker? i wanna see that mach up”
im goon molly miss lady.i could neva b too hype HYPE 2 I DIE
When you realize your relationship ain't shit now, but everyone has told you before <
Thanks Kelly! Big hugs to Seth!
Thank you! I'll let you know!
Rejection Letter V arrived via email. Worst blow yet. The job for which I had prepared my syllabus for a Chrétien seminar.
Thank you for pulling your ads from #Limbaugh's show. Definitely show of character and decency. Many props.
MENTION ME PLEASE just be like I love u it's ok we all know the truth Dylan lmaoooo is would be in love Wit me 2
When you get a raffle ticket tonight be sure to designate as your beneficiary!!!
No Pressure!
You've got what it takes, but it will take everything you've got.
so done trying please everyone else time to please myself
Just not mentally into the game, etc...
Off to a meeting. Have a fabulous day!
How do you forget a pencil to a final??? We are in college.
Free comic book day!!! Do you know of a store participating? Seems like most of our local stores aren't
Hop is good for beer but Hope is so for me.:D
you rock grandymangFTW14 I'm so ready to go to a Yankee game, especially with @ you guys, 4 real... Yankee baseball baby
that black guy push taylor down so funny
Last time I give my number via twitter
Kids can sniff out those who truly have their interest at heart. Sup could have gone about it a diff (more respectful) way.
Can't wait to see Victoria and Oliver in Young Hollywood talks about #Victorious #MakeItInAmerica :)
I need some more followers
Tonight on MPTV 36 at 11:30pm, talks with of ESPN and CBS Sports about the NCAA #Sweet16 preview.
I want everybody to hear loud and clear that I'm going to be the president of everybody.
If you're not watching #AmericaRevealed on #PBS right now you're missing out.
Here is the “Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 2 ″ Teaser
soo many earthquakes at a time..something's gotta be wrong
hey, will you be at the region II conference in fort collins? i'll be there, and i'm stopping by GLA on thursday am!
but then was upset because no one used it???
Libraries =content+community ~michael porter YES!
Trading in some games at what do I get? Skyrim or Masters PGA?
we're just script kiddies after all, right? What about script kiddie designers?
Quick poll: How many armbands do you think we'll be able to sell at Lambeau Sunday? (with $4 from each to cancer research)
Bayer's working to strengthen bee population
It took you 13 days to come up with that response?
the intent was to expidite efficiency not to provide police with more power or to take away citizens rights cite me were this is allowed
lol at how im like scared at how loud the wind is...
I love this!!! So true...
I'd imagine the theft itself won't get addressed. But I do wonder if we'll see the housekeeper if, say, Hannah visits her parents.
it's 11:11 making a wish and listening to "11:11" ❤❤❤
Oh yeah, HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our bass player, Michael Skaggs!
I would like to find out what else Andrew Bynum finds easy. That way I can avoid them.
Hey, enjoy all the rain.
my God is mighty to save <3
from SXSW you were with us man!
Anderson, Gloria....You are UNDESERVING to be called JOURNALISTS. You are but PARTISAN MORONS.
get used to hearing "hey you were awesome in bellflower" so you know
lets all just be happy friends and love each other
I miss you!
This is how you know your kid is gonna be a beast one day: The girl's dance recital is Sunday. She's dancing as Snow White. +
These playoff hockey games are the only thing keepin me goin everyday.
I'm not wrappin no gifts 4 xmas, they going n gift bags, lol!!!!
ya but what does tyga have to do with golf?LOL
Great use of QR code, using my smart phone to scan & enter airport & gate to plane 't get any easier, no paper needed!
#tnla12 There is a gap btw what people know and what we offer. Now we make them cross the space, figure us out. Libn's need to cross space.
Thank you all who participated in the annual Mothers Day Botox party. It was a great success.
for Anaheim 1 supercross not OR dumbass! But don't worry I'll try to keep your secret under wraps haha
FUCK YEAH BRO. IT WAS FUN CHILLIN TOO>
absolutely. I don't know how to talk about this stuff without also talking about teaching & pedagogy.
No better smell than fresh cut grass on a sweet spring morning
Saw 'Lost Girl' on Sci Fy -- interesting, tamer version of True Blood weirdies walking among us.
pop it! I love popping pimples lol. Or buy safe guard soap :) it helps a lot with acne.
is VERY excited to be so collaborative in 2012!
lol I love it to c(:
Heavenly Hawaii: Dos and don&#39;ts
Haha! It's all good! :)
Bitch you aint no barbie- i see you work at arbys- number 2 super size hurry up i'm starvin, gnarly, radical, on the block i'm magical [;
Just got back from Newest exhibit, "Push-Play" will encourage us grown-ups to use our imaginations once again....
the food i'm eating right now >>>>>>>
improving access to healthier foods & reinforcing those pos choices can alter feeding behavior & decrease obesity
Save the trees, wipe your butt with an owl
sad to say goodbye to the food of ny, but happy to come home to some good mexican food.
Trust in Allah(God), but still tie up your camel. Use your tongue as a sword and books as your ammo. KNOWLEDGE IS POWER
awww where's the fun in that?! Haha
Jessica and Joshua in the finals.
For once, I just wish you'd care about what I want and stop thinking about what you want and looking at all the negatives.
what's sad is the Seahawks play in the worst division in football and they still stink haha
If someone at Casa Bava were to get on ds106 radio, that would cheer me up/distract me.
PEPPERCORN TUNA: Torched Tuna covered in grounded black peppercorns on a bed of daikon, served with ponzu. Find out more 106 West Seeboth.
great to meet you!!
im watching it ! Ahaa
- aw! anything to make your heart happy!! :-)
finishing up this episode of house them going to bed cant wait to get a mew phone.. catch ya later twitter XOXO Amanda Lynn
i can't answer omg :(
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. - Buddha
(that's not actually my new jam. it's my month-long jam.)
- Thanks for the RT!
Tweet away world. Someone is reading. I need more reading material
Hear here!
Alf liked to call 900 numbers until Kate and Willie blocked them.
It hauls toes? Or did you mean tow truck?:-)
Tumblr seems to be littered with crankiness usually. Darn kids and their angst.
I mean... certainly open to asking around if something's going on... but that's true, as well.
Now that it's spring, do you see a change in your utility bill?
Study time, Bible style!
The Wine Group, the world's third largest winery by volume, announced it has entered into U.S. distribution agreement with Bodegas Trapiche
Love is... Your mate making a three hour drive to come have dinner with you; then having to drive back!! My WW is the best!
you guys are still engaged right? :)
THAT'S SO BAD! Kick them back!
GBP was what I was going for there. Forgot the initials feh.
There were 9 of us then, only 7 of us left!
You are wrong and history will prove it. My straight marriage is only threatened by divorce rates, not more people marrying.
San Antonio: Severe Thunderstorm Watch and Flash Flood Watch. Some t-storms today could produce large hail and strong winds.
It's amazing what good a small thing can do sometimes.
I'm either going to kill myself or somebody else I'm so mad.
so this is what insomnia feels like...
haha cool, ey its up to you man
Are you expecting me to make sense? Hah!
Hello, all! I'm the founder of - a new Chicago-based app that gives you cash back & donates to charity on every purchase!
worst cf to hit hr in majors?
Happy bout day! Killah Bees v Elm City $5 narragansett rink!
The final draft of the book is DONE and at the publisher! Hallelujah!!
thanks for posting buddy ;)
Commission is recessing till 12;45.
I keep wondering if I could get away with declaring a PJ week. haha
The Seven: Tangled Webs is right around the corner! Can't wait to see the shows and the other great events in Savor Albuquerque
So many good productivity tips here. Best one is brain dump for me. Feels so good to get it all out.
op #backup lol
myvinespot When in Denver try these great joints. Rioja, Tomayo. All downtown on/near Larimer St
I can't #livemylife like this. Waking up at noon, getting laid on a reg, drinking as a part time job.. you know.. It really is tough
I feel tired but my body refuses to go to sleep..too much on my mind..so many business plans and business ventures
Let Individuality shine BRiGHT,No Matter any Situation <3 BeYourSelf <3 LoVe ENVY PROTEGE
SS. Let it happen big guy RT What is Boston doing, they just stopped playing defense, no rotations
super sorry I missed you!
Quiet before the storm
Doin the best I can
DJohnson out with a broken collar bone...tough luck.
With the warmer temps, are you starting early on your 'spring' cleaning?
Watch the award winning recruitment video here... www.cinecraft.com
We are going to see the show Spiderman later today
Do you keep the tags on or off? i know you do sometimes to your hats...
On my way to the for the final show of - I'm gonna miss it. Oh Scamander, let's make it a great one
i feel your pain. ;-)
I want a #Fiat Abarth now. That car just looks fun.
You mean, to complement the rotisserie?
Closed today. Takin some sniffling, sneezing, runny nose, coughing, achy head, fever so I can rest medicine
excetera was hot!
RT : That really happened.
Went to the ballgame last night and watched the Rockies boot yet another one. No Roctober this year me thinks.
weekly dose of watching legends and getting physically ill watching the clowns mash
Todays earthday! Well officially it was yesterday, but its really everyday!! Love the Mother!! Care for her!
Brittany! Are you going to the Mint shows?!
#FashionStar is so awesome! I have been waiting for months! looks #FABULOUS!!!!!
Gotcha babe
Hot dog race!!!!
you so nasty. Lol
Dance Gavin Dance >>> 😍<3
to John: thanks for the comment on my review. great show. too bad abt ke$ha. see you next time.
I worry Pierce will play in slow motion tonight like he did at the end of Tuesday's game? What do you think?
can't do it I got booked last minute commercial shoot in Wellesley. Gotta reschedule or skype me :: jerkomorizzo
someone on here referred to women as "females" and was shocked when I told him that we're women, not females
don't you live there?? Besides it might be fun and they have garbage plates!!!
really? What happwned?
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life - W. Churchill
: I was right. Full blown cold today. I really hate I'll miss !
Boom Bap Effect tonite , Hip-Hop Open Mic feat. producers Premise, DJ Vex and Geeman - more beats than u know what to do wit
sure go ahead, Wake County is on the left, Mecklenburg is on the right, both v impt in General Election
you cant make jokes without context or over-the-top sarcasm...read it back to urself & just think if it sounds like a joke or not
Basic graphic design tip #5: An effective logo must be memorable. Is your brand memorable?
. is always the neutral touchstone for all things Apple. When confusing, go to for truly balanced analysis.
I didn't think it was that rude, there could've been other reasons. Maybe it wasn't even him, or he's just. pissed.
Its raining... So the sky must be crying for my last day of spring break.
heh, "naked" mandolin-ing is the only way to go!!
Exactly. Yet they ask for donations. If I can't finish a podcast because it's too long per episode, it loses value for me.
- Myself, I like Smirnoff Vodka straight so I can feel the burning feeling all the way down!
We are so happy that the San Diego History Center has jumped on board Diversity Platinum Rewards offering 5% off their banquet hall rentals!
How are people wearing coats right now??
I hope Denver is on that list! Are you announcing all cities today?
our infrastructure partner is having issues w/ server outages..new signups & plan builds may fail. Should be clear by weekend!
met with the AIDS Foundation and Equality Illinois this morning to talk about budget issues
outside is the nicest side
I registered for RocCity 2.0 Event on 5/17 but did not receive a confirmation back. Is that okay, not okay?
#MoreFemalesShould TEXT BACK WHEN THEY START CONVERSATION'S
I can't say I understand or support all O's decisions. But I think our econ would be a lot stronger w/o R obstruction
I like that better! Good choice
Yeah I'm a dog and I don't give a Damn, if you want a boyfriend you need to find another nigga then.
wondering how it is i managed to loose a bottle of wine.
Are fricken kidding me?!Omg I'm soo sorry if you got anything from me,I'm so sorry,I got hacked.
me me me please
i don`t have any !
That would be the worst thing ever!
thought I put away my winter coat for good this past weekend. sigh.
Where are you? ._.
They say treat life like a party too much, considering the life i live i dont party enough
S/O to ALL my new 32 followers (:
Love it: spam email inviting me to send my info in order to receive payment for "scam victims compensation."
If the root of social distress, is poverty and ignorance. Why #NATO?
I was just thinking about that this morning. Best entrance in the business.
Help, followers! I can't RT AND add to the RT -- it's called "quote" on my Android app. #stillanewb, #twitterhelp,
Tonight's agenda: eat dinner, finish The Arrival for ME2, at 8:50 start repeated refreshes of Origin, stay up way too late playing
Had a similar incident on a flight to Israel. MT : woman refuses ultra-ortho men's demand that she moves to back of bus bit.ly/rCOuWX
Someone bring me lunch. I'm starving! 🙏👈 pwease! 😁
sweet pickles are not the best...spears homie
thanks for including my photo!
if you run in to at GABP remind him that he has a twitter account. Not a tweet in 644 days. I would enjoy his insight!
it'll go great, congrats!
You're a fag.
Ron Paul looks like a man among boys.
Instead of focusing on your weaknesses, focus on your strengths.
hugs and kisses(:
Little children, let us not love in word or talk but in deed and in truth. 1 John 3:18
Thanks for the mention for #FF!
Hahaha very very true. I have a funny story about watching Ghost Protocol I'll have to tell you nxt wk.
sleep, hell weeks ultimate bread and butter
Haven't talked to Autumn all day .. #ImDead ..
Really!!!! My hard was working at home now I get to the club it anit working at all!!! Wtf
Not to mention a tail. And a nervous, chattering energy. I may pull this out of the bag yet!
good idea.
DANG(: haha sorry I was watchin a movie did u got to bed?
You're fortunate! is delicious!
after sending it to 363636 I sent it too 383838 now please follow me?
