I am not even joking anymore. Whoever thought it was brilliant to put new tab in place of capslock is very, very weird.
no problem!
Also, how dumb politics gets RT : Worst part about an election year: monthly fundraising deadlines
Sasha Pieterse marked my letter to her as one of her favorites. That literally made my day, possibly my life. =))
Your Most Welcome, thanks for sharing all the info!
Fall seven times, stand up eight
I had some baked ziti at the mall today.. it was AMAZING
Drinking orange gatorade again for the first time in like 12 years, wish me luck!
so who wants to have a 3some??
you got a nord?!
Customer centric strategies, being innovative and having exclusives - keys to the success of Macy's online and offline business.
We LOVE you Whitney!!!
because I'm graduating with my MBA!
80% of noncouch potatoes would like to get more exercise, but say they don’t have the time
Congrats to ... YEAH
web democracy! :) or some such
my girlfriend just saw you in the hallway of the Cape Codder, and was too shy to say she is a big fan. She luvs u.
What channel are you watching The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame stuff on?
yeas it's so beautiful and touching :) <3
exciting! Hope you have a great time... Tell africa I say hello
I didn't love Best Coast's Crazy For You but so far I'm digging the broader range on The Only Place.
how ya doin?
I dnt wanna get out the bed :-)
Thanks. Fascinated by the "networked privacy" concept.
im i following u
TGIF- with DJ Ivan tonight at Chi Cha
nope... I wish tho
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3^
hope you had an awesome day!
Accent offers complimentary bottled water, in Car Wi-Fi, XM Satellite Radio, GPS Navigation & Vehicle Tracking Systems.
"We're in a great position to grow and expand...That's why we're being so aggressive," from Gov. Walker in support of #WIDairy 30X20 prgram.
I'm in a dark room bc I'm too lazy to get up and turn the light on
NICE! Love the EGC. PS "Fuck you, still here" is the best sentiment I've heard in a long while.
Don't hate me because I pass notes via text and iPad during LMA meetings.
do it friends > RT : I'll be Djing VIP Club Zone Times: 9pm to 1:30am tweet me for promo-code for few bucks off
Nice!!! a new #JuwanEvansAngel!!! :)
True. But when you consider it capped off a 1-5 homestand, that's pretty low. I don't even know what rock bottom is any more
we'll have to try to cross paths some day
Weighed in for Summer Biggest Loser contest. Game on. Final weigh-in Wed Aug 29
Peter weak
dinner at Bigoli. gahd i missed this place haha
#NowPlaying: "High School Musical 2" Soundtrack.
Why is it so hard to say goodbye?
thanks for the RT love
If you want a good read, check my Twitter feed from 2 days ago, starting with "the response I got from a friend".
Best way to get out of a text convo: "The message could not be delivered. Please try later. Error 226110"
- Hope it has no connection to conceal and carry! Yikes
nope:/ I gotta go but ima be in Wisconsin for a week
Another day lounging in the sun and barking at the neighbors. Life is good.
Ah yes, the article that ruined my breakfast this morning.
D'oh! We could have gotten you to be her graduation speaker! Bet they'd remember YOUR speech!
Didn't find anything this time. Thanks for the link! Keep trying!
Great weekend with my other halfs family in Pittsburgh. Love a big Italian family. Feels good to get home tho! Happy Easter to all!
I just realized that I haven't eaten today... I don't know if that's good or bad!!
naked girls all over the projector what kind of class is this...really now..come on 12:50
Love how #DC meteorologist talk all week about how we r going to get a ton of rain & we only get a few showers. They suck.
Does anyone have the recipe for pizza sticks that used to be on the side of the Chef Boyardee pizza kit boxes?: Does anyone have the ...
Phahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just scroll his TL when you get the chance lol, hilarious
Yes...I wll continue the quotes. They are a part of my everyday conversation with you! Thx for the encouragement. :-) —DJ
thank you (:
New official photos have been uploaded to the website. We are currently experiencing technical issues with uploading photos to Facebook.
Hitting the road to Boston tomorrow for !! Who else is going? Stop by our booth!
I hear that! You'll be great parents though, no doubt! I'm so excited!
More often than not, Radio Paradise, uh, is.
Too wrapped up in Long Beach Airport disguised as Sunnydale Airport and Santa Barbara skylines (Buffy S6) to notice the fluffy winter snow.
Anyone ever get their wisdom toofs pulled out?
awe ha u missed me? I missed u to :) I been alright I'm gonna be a senior this year. How you been ?
Steak and eggs at The Dizz this morning.
Did the damn thing on Good Morning America with Anita Baker this AM, now ready to rock out at the Skyroom tomorrow night!!
Ren Harvieu: from Salford to stardom for a soul princess: Ren Harvieu tells Andrew Perry how she has put disaste..
howdy still waiting to heat from y'all.
To be in DC and stuck inside a hotel...well, it just sucks, basically!
i just cracked up xD
I am! RT How many bodies do you think are in the park? RT : Announced crowd: 20,192.
thank you. It was wonderful meeting you too and I look forward to earning your family's vote at some point!
RT RT : FLASH: Libya's Gaddafi dies of wounds suffered in capture near Sirte - senior NTC military official
#WaysToImpressMe sign over your winning lottery ticket
words cannot express my love for jersey
Good to see you are a supporter of this initiative. I'm working with pre-college school to help build better administrators
hmm having trouble too. Will try again soon. Sorry!
riding around the city and i got my calculator i'm a mother fucker monster when it comes to getting that paper
have you been able to track down any of their songs?
yung boy... I BEEN A MAN!!! sold drugs TEN A GRAM.. SPICE EM UP... CINNAGRAMS.... Den take a pic!! INSTAGRAM!!! Lmaooo
Good Morning my friend. Off to learn major new social media stuff this wk at #REBCORL then our state conv then work on me
Brew City Brand Sale at Summerfest! Whenever it's over 80 degrees, all of our t-shirts are 20% off! Stop by and say Hi! Sale
I'm up 20 bucks in the casino!!!!
#Gangland ... Fire... Glad I got to hear it being made before everyone
that's a question that might be suitable for no seriously
maybe one day but not soon.
Could not read chrome manifest file'C:\Program Files\Mozilla Firefox\extensions\{972ce4c6-7e08-4474-a285-3208198ce6fd}\chrome.manifest'
one direction < anything else
I mean, it wasn't as if he was going to need them
Music is 90% Business!
oh I am well. Funny and frisky.
Looking forward to DC WEEK. We will have an installation and will be selling our awesome shirts and prints. It will be good and funky.
I heard on NPR this morning that Russia ratified the START treaty, and so re-newed disarmament for our two countries begins swiftly.
#TwitterLessSteve I miss the hair
when reporting #data, step out of your shoes & into the shoes of someone who doesn't 'get' numbers
just finished prelim layout of a 128 page photobook for an atchitect builder. worked in 6 hour shifts for the past 3 days...brutal.
Apologies to the few very-frequent posters. I had to unfollow to give others a chance. Kept you listed.
:-) st.Andrews tonight !
In Concord, NH today. Visited nhpr to plan for an inventory of their recordings. 1980's primaries, here I come.
"Twitter is stupid," ...36,000+ tweets later....
we should get some coffee and catch up, got time?
Christmas vacation starts now....:) <3
New Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley says Non-Christians 'not my brother,' 'not my sister' Shame on this schmuck!!
Probably gonna need a boat...
Stop by for fun times, drinks, #freebeer, just tell me an alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do!
#NoManShouldEver be left behind<3 I Love and Support our Troops<3 oohrah(:
I count seven people on this red line car who are asleep. Out of 12 passengers. We all must have risen extra early on this
ran 2.75 miles with Bob this morning
So.... the big news... the big reveal.... hm.... well.... surprise, surprise... I went and got married. Booya!! Can't hide happy!
Hey I want a S/o please!
I know!! Have you heard the before?!
I already get them... so we're good.
Where are you going?!
Torn between wanting to work in coffee shop and wanting to be somewhere where *loud* guy is not monologuing across aisle to another patron.
That nigga just made me get weak as fuck. I taught yo ass well. Some real shit hahahahaha fuckin #payout n
I'm glad you're sticking around to keep the Prez honest. Secret ballots tend to end up the way the person counting wants!
Income tax return filing process initiated!
okay cool. Well just hit me up
This is why Kobe is still my fav NBA player. So fun to watch when he is hitting and closing games
Right back atcha...
lucas = hanie RT : No Rose and no Noah is the same as no Cutler and no Forte. W no Rose and Noah Bulls season on life support
Josh Hamilton. WOW. cc:
thats what happened with me when I got mine out. Was back in action the next day.
I am truly thankful for the people my family and I have in our lives!
Starting TODAY March 14-18th earn TRIPLE POINTS at the Flagship on purchases made w/ your Nordstrom credit or debit card!
Especially from an American actor. I hated that movie.
lol shut up no where near bitter sweety
that's good:))
T2 - the theory sounds good, but I don't know how much I believe incentive hypothetical that is painted. so many factors.
Spending time with #FAMILY (:
All I saw at first was "Stronger" and I thought: seriously--you haven't heard that awesome Britney Spears song?
Ugh I feel trapped I wanna go some where
Thanks for the follow :D
Spent time in ER last night after smashing door in my face. My teeth cut through & left hole.Thx to ER doc at United.
Finished my narrative for school
I can truly say that , , , and made this a historical concert! #Tinygiant for the win!
Yea im always his regret yea im always his regret
You can plan a pretty picnic but you can't predict the weather.
Mm, yes :) come by and pick up my order tomorrow! 11:00.
I know but you have to admit it was funny as hell
Yo! What's good with cha?
I hope you're not talking about me! Oh my god, have you ever even seen the inside of a shower? I can't breathe!
imma fuck her up like really
your icon is beautiful.
BIG salad for lunch! Healthy - #glutenfree #peanutfree Yum antioxidants
Does Twitter no longer let you edit RTs? TweetDeck still does, but I'm getting no love from the main website.
Like the Bulls this year. Boozer's back, Noah's a stud and, Hell, even Scottie Pippen's courtside tonite. Also, Bron Bron's out of the conf.
RT : RT : Summer is over, but Fall is here! Get everything you need for your park from...
Watching "How It's Made" and thinking the music director really controls the tone of each episode...
Lol, what's the specs on it?
#LSENetED the feed seems to be down on the talk
wrong tag bro, go tag , sounds like a sex act
you asked me to wake you up right after I wake up. Then when I do, you complaint about only sleeping 6 hours.
Packing today. .I wish it wasn't so nice out so I had more motivation to do it!
what a terrific video sharing the university's commitment to sustainability - every drop of water counts!
Inconsolable after yesterday's loss. Rolling around in a bathtub filled with Yankees fans' ticket money isn't working like it usually does.
Why r people sayin Zimmerman is not white? is he black or asian? There r 3 races. white/black/asian. Hispanic is not a race
so glad you're my #1 fan
Jay-Z & Linkin Park mash up. I'll just turn down the volume during the lp verses
I just finished season 4! Damn, that's a good show. How far are you?
I've been brainwashed by McDonald's "Mc" - I'm adding it to all their food items. Today, I mistakenly ordered a Bac. Egg & Cheese McBiscuit.
how to use tweet #HashTags correctly..
Yo momma q:
Yeah My fist ! if he dont fix me nothing imma kick him ! lmfaoooooooooo and yo brother probably making you cereal lmfaoo
#thingsthatpissmeoff when people tell me i'm wrong, when I know for a fact i'm right.
"have" and "prodded" and "say"
(I should have added: #everythingisrelative)
Thanks! RT : The show will conclude after the Blue Angels perform at 3:30. No fireworks tonight!
Never too late for a beer and some hot tub... I'm really gonna hate life when I have to move out of this house
world's colliding! + meeting up. wish i could be there.
Studies show that T-Pain AAAAYYYEEEEE
CircleCenterMall I go there all the time! :)
horrible mood. i dont even care, i want left alone.
50% off details until 1pm. Buy now, use anytime in 2012. No limit. Get yours before they are gone. Purchase by phone call (619) 531-9319.
Suggestion – First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
Looking forward to Light Up Night Tonight!
pork maybe? I'm not sure.
I hate fucking hypocrites.
The NYPD and the State invokes "terror" when their police officers attack innocent civilians.
My mom will not stop callin my name! All i wanna do is lay down an relax!
Kill the beast and free the world.
My UPS just chirped, for no apparent reason.
give me a follow
Cried today...
don't go sleep in!
"That's why chicks dig you man, they love that freaky poetic crap."
i like him but he broke my heart once and now im scared
did your dad get mad?
As an optional rule, sure. Keep the core simple. Monster blocks list resistance.
SoCal event tomorrow at The Grove! Excited to celebrate the best in homebuilding!
Im just a holy fool
I made a quesadilla instead. It was delicious. Now I need to run. :)
does anyone have any ideas for homemade easter cards?
Looking for Online Tutoring Software? Http://www.virtualclassroomssoftware.com
I have felt like I was the only one like this!
Thanks for not conforming to hype and giving an honest review of Uncharted 3...wish more reviewers had those kind of hangers!
When memories come back, some you keep and some you trash in the can.
No, dear, please don't help your crippled fiance bring in the heavy wet clothes out of the pouring rain. Really, it's fine.
bitches try way 2 hard to be fucking sexy
this is about to be BAD.
lol and guess who forgot to vote
Want too
“: #IAlwaysWonderIf people find me attractive” i do!
Skrillex just blew your mind?
I have been on line a long time posting videos on the 1st thing you learn is never even acknowledge the haters!
YES, I remember you....Good to see you. Saw the invite on LinkedIN - Let's connect
Let's make a difference today to ensure that the future for girls is bright, equal, safe and rewarding! Happy
Fuck things breaking always at the worse times
Do you like what you look like?
I haven't even started that yet, so yeah, that would be good. Working on my other project now.
Um, and I love and love Glee. We punch back.
Looking to increase productivity? Log out of the twitter.
See, a real friend will share french toast with you at 2:30. Everyone else is in bed. You alright in my book, Mal Mal.
THIS WHOLE ALBUM.
i see you still grinding fam :)
Good sun is good for the soul.
keep on pushin to the top!
I give ' personal number out all the time. And his address.
yeah sam, on the curb right outside our place :)
And now Sally Draper is fastly becoming her mother. A bitch.
Brady, Brees, or Rodgers? That's the first of 9 picks to make if you want cash in the $500 #Rotowire #Freeroll. I'm goin Brees? #Whoyagot?
Excited about connecting with alumni through #UMNproud !
write about the Sonics. Haha jk Duff. But really- remember that time the Nuggets beat the 1seed Sonics?
Go follow my main account (:
Re: my last tweet. What is fun to do in Chicago in like 5 hours ?
I sold my $50 voucher for $25 (market value) since I won't be here to use it. Thanks a lot.
really we are at oyster house
Things never change
make sure you have a power light on the furnace. Small led light on circuit board
#NickiOn106 is gonna b crazy, I love her,she's my idol. make it happen Nicki,leggo
Thanks for the follow Fairfax! We love working there!
As I look out the window, I see a very beautiful planet that seems very inviting and peaceful. Unfortunately, it is not. ~ Scott Giffords
of course. Please link!
Oh yes i was :( lol
Walking into the BC to watch the
So I'm playing wwe 12 and it halfway froze so I'm just laying here listening to background noises
It is my prayer that justice will be served for Mr. Davis. The victim's family deserve the truth. It is my hope that God will intervene.
The size of the box is inversely-proportional to the cat's desire to be inside the box.
Yes, you can buy them here.
Iwanna go to Bikini Bottom haha , (:
picked on by who?
The evening hr is among us & the best place to refresh yourself is where there's a warm smile & a Hot Cup of Joe (@ Peace & A Cup of Joe)
Moving on to chicken stock making. We'll coordinate a time for you to p/u a jar of soup tomorrow or fri!
right on! Fake numbers are low life time customers. They have no value which equals nothing for your sales, or sponsorship!
She cries now but she'll laugh again
I seriously can't believe that we've had these 2 angels for over 7 weeks now! They make 8 weeks/2 months this Saturday. Wow.
That car was parked on the corner of street. I'll keep posting more pics of the interesting cars in the new neighborhood.
Shuffling your collection or an online service? Cuz it's a good mix! What I like about shuffling. Prez's "Every Tub"now.
Dang ima miss these seniors.. They were like brothers man...
Happy Friday & thanks for the RT! I hope you have a great weekend!
haha. I also had a fit when I had to take five minute showers.
pretty good actualy how bout u?
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
So really... why? What's the point? I've been hoping and waiting for SO LONG and then I think it's here, only it's completely jacked.
I Love . End Of Story <3
terrified at the idea of Mary Fallin for Mitt's #VP spot. Also not sure if I should be happy for #Oklahoma or sad for our nation
Breeders rawk.better than pixies.
These guys need to get off their lazy asses and start shooting.
I hope my boyfriend doesn't leave to Mississippi for work:(
TY. Have a great Friday and weekend.
Cal on visit to White House: "I’m excited about the opportunity for them to meet the President of the United States. ..."
Who else is totally stoked for opening night?!? #TheHungerGames !
For what it's worth - I have a good feeling about the TEXANS this week!
Recently, a woman ordered a White Petal latte in the retail space. With soymilk, no less. Claire was a bit apprehensive, but the woman...
"i had nightmares about that dumb thing."
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
Poor :( Poor :( #Wisconsin #businesses. They don't have those in united-hostile-trolling of
TONIGHT - Black Lotus with DJ's Xibalbalola Adddj, LAD, Nihil & Guest DJ Ritual from Denver, CO at ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
As you saw in the 1st inning, you keep Dunn in the lineup at all defensive cost
drafted by ! Congrats!!!
(312) 266-1616 Call us today and see what we have going on!
Leave it to an italian to teach me how to time re-map
This my page who ever dnt like what i post can kiss my natural black ass n tht order!
Thanks Paranormal activity 3! Won't be able to sleep for days and I probably won't ever want to have kids... Toby are you there?
Edward Lewis just said "face book is dying in my opinion" in a room full of social media professionals
Looking for an Acount Director for Current Lifestyle and Marketing with beauty and fashion exp. email me at
Q5: Greater ATL has mutliple SIGs/GIGs - attendance to events is part of membership...and that includes food! Priceless!
I studied and studied, but I think it was the little pony on a stick that that sold it. :)
Also Ruben pierces today till 9pm and Currently we have tattoo openings after 3pm with Dag, Thomas and Gustavo!
omg aw<33
Call me wacky but I think BC covering is a lock and they might even win outright
I saw that jquery/template has been put to pasture. Do you know of a good replacement?
Two great museums! Hope you enjoyed your visit! :)
The #Ludwig Book by Rob Cook is useful w/ lots of photos, too. Is there a book (vintage or contemporary)that focuses on #Vistalites?
U have the ability to influence those around u... Do u add negative or positive in your world?
I hope everyone is enjoying #FatTuesday! Lenten season starts tomorrow. I am giving up social media for
Omg ! That is so funny !! He looks just like him... a little "mini" version.
hmm coincidence that all of us Janesvillians can outdrink anybody else???
I love it when you start the conversation :)
Umust have just unfollowed I can't DM you back. FYI Twitter DM is mainly spam so often totally ignored.Not a good way 2reach me.
Interesting that all three plenary presentations focus on community and participatory mapping at the WB GFDRR new mapping tools workshop.
good point
Like my nuts just dropped
Im Done Tiarra Aint This What We Said Lastnight That Shit Is Pitiful<<<<<<
sure same number or is live at the scene if you want her to describe it for you. Here to help!
can't wait for the movie to come out
If I'm going to bike to work in 5 hours, I should really get some sleep. #insomnia sucks
and the what do I do!?(;
Just found out is going to the Seahawks. Exciting!
making a survey that asks readers to match narratives to data mashups...seeing if the results can in turn be used to model the readers
Crossing our fingers that it sticks after November! Pretty sure it will though.
Avengers hype is growing...is this a guaranteed billion dollar global smash? I say "yes".
Chk out www.privacythemovie.com Supporting role of Adam in this one.
Going to Alabama tomorrow for the whole weekend! Yeah buddy #BamaGirl <33 xo
Congrats on big win today!! , , , Going for Sweep tomorrow!!
heading over to check out the space ! see you soon! excited to catch up
RT : Who is visiting me at the new downtown today??
Put the herbal essence in the air & pay proper respect to Mr.Bob Marley.
I thought of both of those as, basically,feature-length previews for The Avengers. FWIW I liked Thor more.
Any SAAers want to join in on a road trip to NYC tomorrow? 2 seats left. Refund your flight.
I'm recently diagnosed bipolar CC helped me through high school. Thanks.
: RT : RT if you want a Miley album in 2012!
Sometimes life is no bueno.
CANNOT WAIT! :-) RT: You will get to see my apartment on "bethenny ever after" this season! That's why I'm hustling for you!
Kennedy: The guys in Blood Brother were upset with her; until their families started reading about what happened to them
Is it on TV or online?
this book looks great.
actually I said for your "terties" not boobs!
Of course a long commute by bike is just the opposite as long as you plan ahead.
You can't trust anyone these days.....
"Gingers are calm, cool and well-meaning people. # the fuck?!?! Hell no?
my dog hates getting his picture taken
This will be a long night
:) Just a name change, tis all.
I need a valentine
Quick 3 miles in Boilsder co today #lifeisasport #makeitcount ... hippies get out of my way!!!!!
Got a stealth yeah!
yes! We're open Easter Sunday! Hope to see you soon :)
My office, its been awhile
Thanks for using NEED magazine! Just wanted to let you know that we're needmagazine not NEED_magazine. Thanks again!
So cool! I'll be on there with ya!
Likely, Romney. Though it wouldn't be an enthusiastic vote. You? RT Who will be your presidential pick? Don't be shy now!
totally jealous! Starving right now!
Tell your friends to follow us, Please :)
Thanks for sharing it. Would love to see the movie. Did you make any scenes?
Some people are in love with the idea of love not the person there with..
as mentioned, we made that correction right away. Thx very much for supporting ! Check us out again soon!
here too! We luv r River North biz partners:)
is Anyone awake wit or jus the doggies :)
CRASH: I-205 southbound @ Killingsworth, rollover wreck on the left shoulder, delayed back to the Glenn Jackson Bridge
I'm going to the Sox game tomorrow! I have an extra ticket! Too bad you don't live closer...I know you are such a big fan!
Happy BirthDay to me:) Thank You Jesus for allowing me to see another year.
So glad you like the matching aprons!
My friend offered me tickets to the Jimmy Fallon show tomorrow. Thinking about going....
Bloomberg: "This is a major turning point in the history of American civil rights.. a testament to the President’s convictions"
I'm so behind in my work man << I have to get it together! 😖
Loving being able to go to work 3-11pm! I love lazy mornings and sleeping in!
Very powerful presentation delivered by Yong Zhao at NCSL about possible negative effects of a national curriculum.
haha not at all ... #cmworld isn't officially a party without you in the lineup!
follow me ? :p u r an amazing singer !!!
Definatly gonna make this monday my bitch.
we wish you were here!
Good! I wish you well!! See you tomorrow.
The #Rangers need to go up by 3, cuz the #Cardinals will just tie it up again if they go up by 2.
it's inhumane...you'd have to be a pretty big jerk to steal someone's hashbrowns
#bb13 will b watching with people not in the know 2nite. Shutting the f**k up is hard....
"Who is your daddy......and what does he do?"
Yearbook with and
This was the 7th in Super Bowl History Couldn't have happened to a better person than 12 for the Pats
Why is Perkins wearing Urkel shorts?
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I Want A Vlado Purple Shoe Really Bad...
In Long Beach without my mother knowing :D
i feel amazing!
These hoes still fucking random dudes as if aids has a cure..they do anything for attention.
Thanking god for another gorgeous morning! RIP to all the real niggas worldwide I salute.
If it wasn't for the humor and captain America.
#peeve, when people u never hear from send invites with store registrations for thier kids graduation or wedding gifts. Done, off my chest.
Legit sad that One Tree Hill ended. I feel like I grew up watching this show. Used to watch back in the dorms...
on a twitter binge where my dog speedy and get ready for this new Ray lavendor video song crazy
Comic book professionals I have a question: What is the industry standard in regards to naming a Letterer on the title page of a book?
From Jeremy Brett's performance as Basil in Dorian Gray. Watch from 1:47-6:23. I find his speech intensely moving.
wait.. da faq.. US one direction...
Hello from genuine human followers in #COSprings!
DANG well he lives in Texas and he does it five
Can't wait till august 8th! The weights are coming, oh yeah and crystal is coming home :p
Chk it out w/John RT : We are at the Classic downtown
at meeting amazing taxpayers who are getting their taxes done for free.
HALLOWEEN DANCE THURSDAY in the DONAHUE CAF. COME IN COSTUME AND LETS PARTY.
Damien Jurado is here and getting a bit of record shopping done before his set at 6pm!
Thank You!! Happy Easter!! :)
"Honestly I'm not hating I'm just laughing at how ignorant you sound" lolz great workout ;)
Lmaaoo what is this I leave my dog for a day and u guys are plotting to prostitute him out
RT : said "gay marriage" 6 times in an 11-min presser. Never said "civil unions."
I like your hidden talent then 😄 haha.
Thank God I'm not going to school tomorrow :(
hey, we'd love to talk to you about coming out to , our farmers market and holistic health experience.
Thanks for the RT
He just realized he must continue wearing Adidas.
what was you're favorite dance on Dancing with the Stars last night?
got it.
Oh, well then you'll be fine either way!
about Nip/Tuck though
#Somewhereinthehood there is a Martin Luther King Street.
Be sure to follow Melissa's sister on twitter and also check out her fashion blog!
RT Still Friday somewhere, right, ? Graham Swift's WISH YOU WERE HERE. Incredibly good.
Last week of high school!
Wouldn't it have made more sense if #Google had shown us how to set a "homepage" on sites before they indexed billions of dupe homepages?
For all those following #ignitedc feminism is not a buzzword... It's a movement. Please don't liken to megacorp "synergy" etc.
what it do?
I feel so happy! I gave a lot of food to a big group of little city pigeons!! They are so happy too :)
thanks for the RT!
10th may 2012 auctioning a SIGNED #CoronationStreet Sign on ebay raising money for Kyran & RT!
No one picked ?!
Preach on! We can be our unique, best selves while respecting and celebrating our differences. Glad mentioned it today.
never heard that one! but we like it
There's talk of a traveling metadata circus , I want to go to there.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other
": what are you doing right now? #UWRightNow" working hard
are you back yet sexy girl
Rickie makes me so glad to have baseball back
guess what mamacita!
Summer Series Wine Dinners! Mark your calendars for May 23rd for our Spanish Wine Dinner!
Awesome!! Yeah we wrote the album right after we moved to LA, or Ellay if you will. Love DC! Hope to make it out there soon.
Superman saves hoes and whores I dont
How's fuck you you stupid lieing bastard
That's at the TOP of my list ;P Hopefully my mom isn't gonna be the one on the roof in this scenario
#YouKnowShesTheOne if she looks at you like no other.
AT&T: "Fans sometimes think we're deleting comments but we're not, they're just hard to find." <-- that's happened to us too
I want the girl in the 'Bad' music video!
finally baking me some cookies #Yummy !
"Able to fill in bubbles for hours." -- High school resume
Bozos is a nice way to put it. Wowza.
and I need to drop my books off at campus while we're in town. tryna get out of a late fee?
Bout to hit the sack. Don't wanna stop looking at this poster of myself. Hopefully Bosh don't f&%k this one up tomorrow. Tootles!
haha I guess. I love Christmas lights, I keep them up all year round.
well now they lost a customer right
I did... u just gotta be patient... :)
haha cause i'm not.
youre in the wrong place for that, sir!
I see you are above average bowler, but how are u when the pressures on and the disco lights are swirling???
ya. but i mean sometimes i get it in my head that im way better than them. they'll never learn a lesson.. :l i just hate it
Where is everyone going for spring break?
Omg all the members of mcfly look exactly the same except for Danny, I didn't even recognize him
Its said when a couple breaks up bc both ppl thought each other were the one for them but sadly no
She told me while doing background that the only possible way some people would be attractive is if they swallowed a magnet
We're going GaGa! Put your #pawsup and join us at Victor Hotel this Thursday nite!
#westoppedtalkingbecause you wouldn't take your bi-polar meds
cause im sick :l RT why didnt you comee?d:
im eating a banana now :)))
Listening to the blues. <3
Power just went out around area. Sheesh...a little rain and look what happrns!
swag...mason
me too
OK BYE! BE BREEZE!
I personally would like to thank Julie for being the mother of my inspiration, a talented writer and an amazing friend. Gabi
where where!!
And that was supposed to be Ahem not Amen -- although I suppose praying never hurts when it comes to concert tix
Please diregard the post on my page about Justine Jordan's webinar by ExactTarget. As of July she has no knowledge of how email for mobile …
For some reason late night tweeting turns into late night calls or texts with new people.
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
I CANT WAIT WOOOHOOOO! i already know them me and scooter are tight yoo. LOL jk i wish.
Wouldn't have mattered for us..Flyers best us 5-1 in reg season...Wait!!...We beat them in Game 82!!...Series is 3-3!!
happy Monday to one of my favorite people!
On the PC side of things, I don't claim to be.
Getting all my shit on my ipod .
"TFLN:The problem with Wednesday evening drinking is that no gets to my level. It's like like a one man party. But it's a god party."
Hey kids, at the champs in strongsville that had sewn Sizemore jerseys $20 and a crapton of hockey stuff, lots of Blackhawks
boys (sans shirts) playing frisbee on the lawn.
It's more a matter of will.
Blog!! Go check out our latest blog about summer! And tweet at us with some of your awesome, or not awesome plans for this summer :)
Awesome. They'll be lucky to have you! RT : It's official. I'll be joining and starting this summer. Can't wait.
The Mets are now 6-2 and are looking good after a depressing off season.
Thanks to the small, but valiant crowd that came to the movie last night! Sorry about the cold wind & messed up DVD.
#OneThingIHate When people use the letter 'z' in stead of an 's' like it's supposed to be.
Merry Christmas
singing " I wished you love me " on ustream >>>
Very course in miracles!
I-5 NB through the Terwilliger Curves slow to stop and go approaching I-84
Yeah it totally was. Most of the time that comes back to bite us in the butt. Luckily, we got out of the jam.
Callous RT : Belated Sun. NYT sports reclue: 53A, "Insensitive" can be "Legendary Harry, we hear." Seven letters. Go.
got 99 problems and herpes ain't one
is it for children to learn their personal info like name, address, phone number, birthday, etc....
when apparently my mom is more worried about me than brian because i came home wasted one time
thanks! Done! :)
Unless you're texting or in a private chat. Then, go crazy!
well at least they're trying...now any receivers out there...hey congrats by the way!
I will be sure to check it out!
Small class v large class dynamics
We'll be set up downstairs for the draft. You will have to stop in to see the action, and check out our Ted Thompson Wall.
“: pre-sale front row center stage ! Woot ! Never ending Summer with cincy , cbus , Indy ! Here we come
I want to listen to rancheras.
Thanks, Clark. Ian is talking to G Burton about doin' a show together. You think that would be a good fit?
I feel u! It was so clean
Sir Henry Taylor~ The art of living easily as to money is to pitch your scale of living one degree below your means.
Thanks for the
The NYT building looks really different when you're looking down on it from above.
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't 1 ;)
Instantly my new favorite movie of all time.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you...
Or perhaps Apple Casual?
Doesn't get any better than that!
I've been waiting so long for you to follow/tweet me! Please let TODAY be the day that you do! Please? Loveeyou♥
ill prolly call u n a few
Where's your favorite bar in Seattle?
Its time to have a glass of wine w/ sue.
Mahatma GandhiThe weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
BJenkins would have 15 sacks against that same comp. he got 7 sacks on this year.
nicky nick! 
This newport woke me up just right.
Yes! Can't wait to hear what you guys have to say! (cc )
Glen Campbell's sons are opening with a short set. Campbell will be on about 8:30.
Gaslight smells bad! Ewww. Next stop.
ESPN using "Real and Spectacular" as a heading is great work.
I can't wait till December my BFF from Uruguay comes to visit for 3 months ❤ I need to speak uruguayan
Icant wait til dat woman beater go to jail
I liked you better when you were funny.
May actually go running this evening. I have no real excuses not to, although it's kind of hot outside....
it used to bug me to have nothing to do, but to be honest, it agitates me more now to have 1000 places to go and get drunk
I'd like to thank #blackberry today. Allowing me 24/7 access to micromanage and ridicule my staff.
I don't know, but they're hiring on the website for Albuquerque!!! Most excited about the fresh masks!
lolol! I know right. Haha :P
Finished final cleanup of the yard, watched the Packers lose ... grrrrrr. :( Getting tired of ham leftovers.
:)...thanks! Stop in and the next one is on us!
Casper puttin' the team on his back... Attacking the rim & it's #LBSU 57-57 UNM with 5:40 to go.
every scar ihave makes me who iam .
Great news for all followers. We are hosting a PHENOMENAL giveaway for Mother's Day. Stay tuned for details.
again Im not being shady...I have hit a follow limit...they won't let me add you... add me
Prosecutor Sherry Thompson will be on at 6 p.m. to talk about the Arevalos sentencing. Tune in!
Guess its that time again. My body is so sore from yesterday. I can't wait to have these next 2 days off.
They say talk is cheap, I guess that’s why I bought every word she said.
We are always looking for the book it is necessary to read next. Saul Bellow
OUR MORNING TABLE SHOULD DO A 3 WORD THING TOGETHER!!!!
He survived HR orientation! Now comes 's boot camp. Today we're welcoming new Web developer to the Scholars' Lab team!
please untag me out of this conversation.. lol
Me and just killed a fox
boyfriends who take long to text you back because of video games.....
#cil2010 Out of 84 ARL libraries, only 7 had tested homepage and other webpages and opac, all three, pre- and post- and during design
Though some of us might cling to them for dear life, lose the Oxford commas. It wastes print space in press.
hey buddie i need advice
“: As an #Aries you tend to favor someone who is self-assured,decisive and capable of leading more or less.”
We're going to have so much fun!!! :) RT aww looking forward. :)
Anyone going to a farmers' market this weekend? If so, which one and what are you buying?
it's fairly small, has a filter in it. It seems like that is the most probable reason
Omar Vizquel still plays baseball. He's 84 years old.
You had me at enchiladas! Let's do it!
merseyside debry in the am....come on reds
I hate that impotent feeling that comes with trying to edit photos in a confusing program I have never used before. Darn you PhotoScape!
I've never held a conversation like that. I wouldn't even tweet while ordering! Pretty sure, anyway … no, definitely not.
That's the best part of #twitter is engaging online then putting names and faces together! Enjoy networking &
welcome from two seats to your right
“: 'The Art of Fielding' by Chad Harbach. Definitely not strictly a baseball novel but incredibly well written.
Just puch me in the face when shhhhttttt gets too real!!
take that back. Pitbull is amazing
A5: Do they fade? I've managed not to call the desk.
nicole we were going nuts lmfaooo i kicked the ladys head by accident oy vey
My mom's boyfriend annoys the crap out o me, he doesn't even have to be talking, just his presence make me wanna punch him in the face😡👊
Was just reminded of my strengthquest results...i feel like i was made to be a military general. Why cant I just be a woo??
Even when it feels like theres no one holding me..
Work stress, lack of sleep, lousy diet, and days leading up to your monthly period are the perfect circumstances for sudden rashes of acne.
hope you can make it to the #Bazaar this year - lots of #bourekas and other delicious goodies!
your cousins name is Jesus?
we were so happy to see you last night!!!
How old was Neil Young when he wrote the words, "Twenty four and there's so much more"?
Spent part of my afternoon cleaning out an old staff member's office. I found two unopened boxes of transparencies.
|#quotes The goal here is to build a brand around social relevance in media (with his Participant Productions company).
it seems like april takes long haha.
Jack Flash - $35 an 8th - No Tax
#RT if you are a single father and take care of your kid the best u can
I see you Davis
S/o to for being cute and cool af!!
cmon guy its easter
Watching Tangled......you knowz it! :P lol
Just finished playing for the State Band Competition. Feeling pretty good about the performance.
My strategy is extremely effective, don't you think?
#iWishThat most people wouldn't be one big disappointment & would actually amount to something
Love spending time with my family and god son :)
Will do boo!
is that coincidence or have u been on my website??! Love love love it miss!!!! X
Ok But Follow Me You :)
Quote of the night at the bar from the waitress: "you guys are definitely not next"!
Did everything download okay?
His grace and loving kindness despite myself leaves me speachless! God really is amazing!!!
I would never be able to fit my kids & groceries in one! :)
#Indie #artists & #filmmakers are in some way obligated to "stir shit" and make people see a different perspective. Agree or Disagree?
TY for following Check 'em out
The average number of people airborne over the U.S. in any given hour is 61,000
sometimes loves comes around and it knocks you down just get back up when it knocks you down <3
Spielberg's bout to choke a bitch
I was just informed that getting upset over the word "tootles" is an early sign of depression.
As 4 #Thanksgiving, I #GiveThanks 4 being the person I am!! Cuz what doesn't kill me makes me stronger & nothin can bring me down-bet on it!
Neil Patrick Harris was nominated for a Golden Globe in 1988 for his role in Clara's Heart.
What statue should take the place of Marilyn in Pioneer Court?
We dig your music :)
I make a great hemp tattoo balm. I can private label our All Natural Hemp Tattoo Balm with ur logo.
I love Ms.Rileys class!
still poppin' off in tha shop !
Bored out of my mind
Busy morning at Florida Flute Convention! People definitely buying this year!
But Marissa Alexander is sentenced to 20yrs for firing warning shot in FL. No stand ur ground for her
Yes!!! Cabby!!!! Winning run at third!!! Come on pronk!!
Cancer's A Dick!
Don't be discouraged when you fail God. He can forgive you and even use your failure to further his purpose in your life.
thank you, as always you are too kind! now spread the word, I am the greatest artist in the world....
What it do? --> Hello, how are things going? #GhettoTranslations"
you mad!?
really? I didn't know that!
On Tuesday, it will be one year since I moved to NYC!
wished for a dick today.
Think visually! If your pictures are good enough, they’ll end up on the front page next to a thousand-word article.
please, please I beg you, be my 300th follower! Love you so so much!!
taking the stage at #health2con to discuss ONCs role in innovation
That moment when you realize how weird you and your friends are(:
I am where I'm supposed to be , in my bed (:
Reuters--launch took place 7:39 local time. Stay tuned to Biz Asia America...we'll have extensive coverage starting at 9pm EST.
Hey the sun is out in Cleveland! Please stay for awhile.
without , would be torn to shreds! we NEED to get a National Kenny Hamilton Day , if you ask me. iloveyouKenny♥
It is very cool!
Thanks for the interest! And I hope you're right about the attendance, Kevin.
What the heck is wrong with these referees at the Clippers game?!?! They are totally from Memphis
It's so weird to see people from hs with babies...Or married! How does life go by so fast?! I swear I was in 7th grade yesterday haha
Once again, we thank our friends for the K+ on #kosher #food. Used to strive for A+... now we love K+
Im so happy for you it's you're time to shine
Welcome. do you make margaritas?
HaHaHa, better dust that resume off Charlie
#A1C results at 5.1. #bgnow at 130. Think I had a bad start to my day.
My friend asked me: "When are you NOT listening to hardcore rap?!" (i.e. meek mill, ace hood, jeezy, etc) I always listen to hardcore rap
Back in DC after 10 glorious days on Taglit-Birthright Israel w/ #JFGW240. Thx , , & Shorashim for an amazing experience!
I don't mind "male," but unless it's Edith Wharton or something, I'm not a big fan of "subdued." I like my reads intense.
Got to embrace the hate
This quarter is gonna be cool.
I wanna talk to u about something can I??
Thanks to everyone who is following me. <3
The best way to protect your work is to register your songs with the library of congress
Think about life for a moment
Going to be on Fox 10 Arizona Morning with Kristin Anderson talking about the Mardi Gras Gala at 8:20 a.m. this morning!
In a way? You could almost say that about string cheese itself.
If I had a#KeurigVue brewer I would call it my little lifesaver.
someone sent me cracker jacks!
Chilling with my aunt!
InSpotter is expanding and seeking business partners.
Hi how have you been?
wwyd as the GM this offseason?
MALKIN is the worst hot right winger out there!
thank you! This has been great. Now if I could quote Bridesmaids I will be happy.
Saw Ariana at the mall i missed her
Happy Friidaay Eve to you!! :-))
Can you give us a teaser? What've you been influenced by as of late?
(1) Legal deposit not required & is formality prohibited by Berne (2) Most sell-pub work isn't deposited (& often can't be)
Next on the at 4, previews Game 3 from New Jersey. It's playoff hockey tonight and puck drops at 7.
He wants me to have a couple of x-rays and CPP blood test.
Goal #Barca I'd say Chelsea is screwed with a man down.
My house smells funny. Not funny ha ha. Time to light some candles and play "find that smell"
Have really started to like the new Keb' Mo' release "The Reflection" It has this Bluesy feel about it, yet with a contemporary R&B sound
Pleased to announce that I have won a UN Foundation Global Health Journalism Fellowship
To person who stole a personal phone of ours out of a vehicle - leave an email and location where we can pick it up, no questions asked.
merely offering an opposing point of you. Would be unfortunate if you truly believed only 3 things to be done w a woman.
Gingrich was like a 90s remake no one was interested in watching.
RT : Wow -- all Mets will be using Beasties songs as walk-up music tonight. Perfect. I love when people are perfect.
yes and thank you!
Team Meeting Tuesday May 31st!!! email for details!!!
Thank you really appreciate it :)
Mob Wives Time
I saw an anti-Romney ad on TV this morning that was hilariously terrible. Priorities USA needs to do better.
Date Night: Caribbean! THIS Friday....there's a few spots left! Better sign up...it's looking TROPICAL!!!
Anybody watching Wheel of Fortune? Tell me that guy in the middle doesn't look like Napoleon Dynamite.
your welcome u just made me happy im readin pt 2 on ur story and im startin from chap 1again its to good man Peace&Luv
#excitedforsummer DUH! i can't wait!!
We should probably get involved in this
ok & y'all anniversary is today?
Celebrating my bday by going on with today at noon. Call in and share your passion for Baltimore's children.
Teachers and teacher-librarians! Looking to interview people about their digital storytelling projects for my thesis. @ or DM me :)
Thanks for following. If you ever need an Apple Guru were here to help.
(Rich) Waiting on confirmation for an investigation this Sat night. If it happens, will be tweeting from the location!
loved the show. Going to miss it. Wish all the cast the best.
hahaha, your crack me up!
Thanks to all the people that helped make April so great here at ! I had my best month ever! Yeah!!
eyerytime I hear yup, it's like finger nails on a chalk board
Ugh... Nough said...
They need to to put ma fool on that 2012 freshmen list
power nap w/ my lil dude ...
thanks, sara! We'll be sure to keep you in the loop. :-)
I just favorite'd yours
fuck man id represent for the east if you send some my way... All about promoting the KINGS
Wonderful discussion. Great to see you!
Man these guys aren't the demographic I'd peg for my readership – "GunRightsAttorneys liked your post 'The Challenge Of Dodgers Ownership'"
Mr. Rushdie:Is there a chance to talk to you about CF? I am the DC correspondent for CF home newspaper in MX City. Please DM
So on my way home I read her txt n got ta rolling.lmaoo
- Wedding fun! TY for the post doll, thanks to my faves at STT! Xox
i will talk to you
I just got really confused because I thought that was in my web browser as a website. lol. you kidz
#7NewsSouthFlorida just blasted my moms school for clearly abbreviating "Kindergarten" but claiming it was misspelled. This is newsworthy?
ya damn right lol
Women listen with their heart and men see with their heart. That is why compliments are important to women.
Anytime. Nice to meet you.
So many ideas and concepts!!!!! #ANightinHollywoodLive! [official name]. I don't think you're ready!!!!!!!!!!
Congratulations! I'm glad you made it! :-)
Whenever I see a guy in LA with a tiny hat and a mandolin, I am reminded of how capable I am of killing someone w/ a mandolin.
dream chasers
great meeting you too -- can't wait for to meetup for photo adventuring!
Waking up early for school sucks, but I got to get that education.
Thank U!!
The most important thing to value is your time #wimlink Women and Leadership
Follow us (:
happy birthday, Alice Paul, one of the great heroes of
Go #reds baseball! #OpeningDay in Cincy is a beautiful thing!
Congrats Jasmine!!! So happy for you!
My 30's have been my favorite decade by far, at least so far!!! Embrace it.
damm was there wed guess next time
I resemble that remark. BUT I definitely improved some drastically out-of-order corners of my mind.
How was Pike County?
Hi Nice article! Do you think e-books and online copy of books are slowly replacing paper bound books?
Best new show in a long time- thank you! Please have 52 new espisodes a year cuz I don't want to go thru withdrawl.
That pretty much describes me. Lol.
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
I have enjoyed a breezy springtime week in Baltimore but do sort of wish I was in Lisbon
right..the good thing is that i can see my friends everyday :)
Looking forward to god taking all the christians away on Saturday, the world WILL be a much nicer place :)
ah... no wonder I keep getting all those sheep and goat ads. cc/
Joyce Carol Oates: "Technique holds a reader from sentence to sentence, but only content will stay in his mind."
Looking for African American married couples to discuss the state of marriage in the Black community.
are tearing it up!!
No, it's because he ran one route in college. I like Hill as a pro.
no prob, just dont talk 2 the wrong people, u mite get kidnapped and raped. Lol
#BreakfastBurrito ... one of the best burritos known to man RT : Jk bouta make a egg and bacon burrito! M so good.
Lol your tweet made me laugh! Ive never stapled a blouse but I have stapled cuffs on my pants that fell. Too funny!
I can't imagine where I d be if it wasn't for God
Yes ma'am!
AUSTIN IS SO PERFECT. :')
Some pizza place called big daddy's pizza just followed me. What a great name.
Chance of a lifetime is staring u right in the face. Everything u want and need is at ur doorstep. But yet u dont jump on the opportunity.
#kids MY LITTLE PONY Project 2012 – Screenings and Signing Event: MY LITTLE PONY Project 2012 – Screenings and Signing Event from...
Say hi to Theo for me! Sorry I couldn't make it this year.
have you read 's new book #SBAU? You won't be able to put it down!
Our sincerest apologies to everyone who received spam from this account. We are a sketch comedy group, not spammers!
Andrew Garfield. Also in Venice. Swoon.
8th period when you have a game is the longest class of your life
I am so sorry I feel so bad. I am trying not to cry but ........
Lars and the Real Girl reminds me what my favorite movie genre is: "depressingly optimistic"
You gotta butterfly tatted behind ur hear talm bout... Fuck it, ink my whole body.... Bitch ... #stfu ... Get like me...
Is it really so terrible that I laugh at adults who put their fingers in their ears when the F-15s take off at #PDX?
says he usually leaves the LSP tapings feeling like shit about himself. There's an on air confrontation going down right now!
maybe next time when they release a new album and they come back to SA, I'll try to see them which would be the 5th time, but next week...
Had so much fun today!!! You got so many great gifts!!! Can't wait until Thursday!!!
Depends on what other teams defect from the Big East (like Louisville) and what UConn looks like post-sanctions and Calhoun.
Now this is what I call a beautiful day
is always a great time, and the has bands on the weekend. Sculpture show at
It's a sign of the times that so many political cartoons feature a drawing of the collective uterus of U.S. women.
Did you know about the Portland Public Library's Summer Documentary Series? We show POV films before they air on PBS! Tuesday's at 5:30pm.
In Class .
"Fortune and love favor the brave." - Ovid
#vsa2011 ha! Who's afraid of the word remedial? What does it bring to mind for non-evaluators? Are there other terms you use?
Amazing Year!!! RT : All hard work paid off! Record attendance for walk. 3,025 walkers including 173 SURVIVORS!!!!
See Bynum? He's smaller than you BUT HE GOES AT THE RIM
": you and this mouth lmao"---yo body gone b beat tho.
"Aww F it"
( #ICONicBoyz ) favorite childhood memory ? shout out to roxana esquivias
Too funny !!!!! But I love her
Kottaras would have doubled. Deli is open, Bro Namath!
Awww. Heart shaped cookies are cute, and yummy!
Yes! It's a pretty shnazzy new card! All the cool kids have one! :) : guess I should pay my dues.
awesome. drawing with yarn today into crochet sculpture. Looking forward to some creating and tv later. Enjoy!
Beta testing is going well and I hear another small round of invites will be sent out today. Not long before public. :)
#travel #quotes The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page. Saint Augustine
Bicycle Day! Bike to the market and have the Beans Cycling team bike your purchases home with you + Ethan Keller performs! 10am-2pm
Finding your birth mother or father may finally clear up the issue of those nagging health questions.
I swear I hardly have anything to say on here when Basketball season is over. :(
lol u know it
planning a workshop on how digital media is changing the language...
BREAKING: Chicago Bears project themselves to win the super bowl in 2013. About as true as Walker projecting a surplus in 2013
Rod Smith running hard late in the game as Scarlet tries to run out the clock after a Guiton pick on the goal line.....
Short man syndrome is the
Love. Those pics are on the back of my door!
Excited to see my family this weekend, but not excited because of the reason we're seeing them.
absorbing all this new music knowledge from and deleting a fair share as well
Shout out to my lil brother MR. She The Truth Him Self....PARTY ALL NIGHT!
I met you dustin at NAMM last year I'm coming to the tipitinas show tonight! Play indentity crisis plz?
lol I forgot how too kinda its been rlly long since ive been on here n dey changed this
TRADER JOE'S FANS: Retweet oif you think TJ's should offer a Reward's Card!!
What hat do I wear on Suspicious Densities? More like the beret of an artist!
Me too! My geekery is starting to show with all the excitement as well.
Do you know what's bad? Not having a cellphone while 12 year old children do. Not cool.
Smh I fucked aROund & updated my Twitter app now I'm mad I have to use this
aye no dude ha ha then when it broke on them xD
um...pretend to faint? Or stop by after work. :)
Let's talk about Sex Baby! You know through dancing.... not like a real convo. We don't need words to make you pay attention!
just like you, i get lonely too.
Keep to yourself to many false tongues be speaking lies of you.
Their always the best ever...till u get played
Mad men and the killing both absolutely brilliant today. Happy Sunday to me!
Hahah Jonathan is such a dramaqueen!!
#LEARN 'the recipe for good choir sections' at a "Master Class" w/ on JUNE 21 in DC! More to come, but SAVE-THE-DATE now!!
I'm starting to like this whole online education thing...
Ugh. Not looking forward to that.
Thanks so much to everyone following! We should use the Internet to its fullest potential to get the message out there! MUCH LOVE!!!
I can't... I am moving to Vegas!!!
On MLB Network after the game, Harold Reynolds said Philly is a 45 minute drive from DC. Don't know who gave him directions!
Employer Brand improves quality of hires & reduces attrition. Many orgs see it as recruiting marketing. It's more
I'm awake. Waiting for the sleep to wear off. Mildly angry about it lol.
Making you laugh was a hoot.
I'M here
Sounds good. We just sent you a DM. Let us know if you got it
I LOVE talkin' with my #Awesome friends♥
I'm seriously not scheduling classes for monday mornings next year.
2011.08.21 #Brewers 6 #Mets 2 | Swept the New York Mets / Road woes are left far behind / Happy birthday Craig!
Hip Hop BBQ on Pandora radio is nice
°o° Pardon our dust, new updates have www.eartothere.com up and down periodically.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right
OMG. literally my favorite movie of all time!!
Good day so far. New client mtg all set. some #xdlab time now off to lunch with to do some web-coding.
Jelena haters...-_- wtf? They r dating leave them alone u can't do ANYTHING about it.
racks on racks on racks, maybachs on bachs on bachs on bachs on bachs, oh shit it's just
In a meeting and "Photograph" plays on the loud speaker, can't concentrate now.
Heading to BISG's Making Information Pay meeting today. Is there a hashtag?
Mike Maddux's mustache is epic. Derek Holland's not so much.
Portland, do you know about , our downtown steampunk-decoed eatery?
Thanks to those who submitted questions tonight!
Alcohol was legal then illegal then went back to legal cuz ppl were acting a fool lol. Can Mary J get a chance?
downing those yards.
I fucking hungry !!!
hme now but me n shay was prolly gon pull up later
rdio.com wins. i've only used it for 7 minutes. grooveshark is too akward.
"Anna's emotions immediately transform into resentment at his bullying tone"- ANNA CHRISTIE
My master's project was approved by the Associate Dean! One more sig to go. But, my adviser said I'm set to graduate regardless! Yay!!!
My biggest fear is losing my parents.
I retract, Glee girls in "Cell Block Tango"... Hot.
Mom's know everything!! Even when they don't say they notice it at the time, they do.. This is why I love my mom <3
Soon your just gunna be somebody that I use to know like all the rest.
thanks for following me :)
Great article from on analyzing mobile blueprint. They're a brand we have much admiration for!
why?? So we can watch him play more golf
Dear, T-Mobile 4G network commercial: Lies. All Lies
ABCs of photo organizing: Album, Box, Can (yes, trash!)
Good spiritual writing requires courage, a willingness to walk into the fire instead of around it. - Sarah Sentilles
Completely ridiculous. “: I'm not a Pat Lee guy, but how is he the only one who gets flagged and then gets ejected there?”
I don't need a man, my best friends make my day <3
Thanks & Welcome! :) xoxo
Just walked in on my sister
sigh...sadly no...lol but we are halfway there so yay!
USA is in NYC until Thursday, May 10th, spreading the word about a FUNDING OPPORTUNITY for artists! Help us share the news!
Success is not a place at which one arrives, but rather the spirit w/ which one takes the journey. Stop "doing!" Live it!
Pats or G-men?? Really need to win by 4, 5, or 6 points!
Stay out late cause we like to party who wit me lol
Thanks! Glad you could join. See you next week!
Enjoying Clint eastwoods place in Carmel by the sea. VIPs here for film fest.
Consider that getting on a plane or on a bout without a clair destination and time of arrival is the same as going in to the week
Vikings owner Ziggy Wilf calls it an exciting day announcing a new stadium deal has been reached
Watching Friday Night Lights
#NF Twitter said we are similar. Whatever that means. Jk, it means we should date ;)
slow sanced with today during Last Song at digitour. my life=complete.
Globe Trekking #Brides! Pick up the Spring Issue of for the ultimate #honeymoon experience to
Im so tired of ugly people lol. Fun band camp though.
you only know that because of your failed bulimia attempt.
Please don't call me un mango. I don't even know what that means 😒
Living on Mission – Randy Friesen, Guest speaker Relay 75 | Go ...
love you babe 🎎
lol just popped in my mind!
Boots knock wooden planks/tramp tramp tramp tramp tramp tramp tramp/night spent in a dream
Whoa, whoa. Is this on the Not Even Really A Stereotype Network?
is exactly why we need Brockers. I think Washburn can improve his pass rush. He's got Seymour/Haynesworth ability
smh at whores. they screw up everything!
Did you lose another phone and get stuck with one that only has capital letters?
It feels very weird to know that #NIGHTSWEATS is rehearsing tonight and to not be there. is at the helm tonight. Kick ass.
hm well lemme know then.
More than four hours of sleep last night
Ballsy move, #BradyHoke. I like it.
you are SO on target!!!! Go Mr Henderson!!!!!!
comcast's customer service is terrible but their BW is amazing. Game of Thrones Episode 4 in 60s
I hate having a crush on someone that used to like you,but now is in a relationship. Like wtfffff :/
Run? Who needs running when these shoes make you fly?
OMG now there's a "Dance Moms Miami". LOL.
Thanks for mention!
You don’t get wiser when you get older. You just get older. You have to practice to get wiser. ~ James Altucher
are you creepin we mean following our band?! NOW!
I absolutely LOVE Stevie! Oh, and BTW... That lady has to be the MOST FAMOUS CHURCH NURSE EVER! LOLLOL
e20-002 pass, Great test. Everybody should take this one
you would come out with that story as UK makes a title run,good timing on your story douche bag #BBN get em
is organizing #swmilwaukee I think he's shooting for Q4 of this year.
Pinterest continues expanding into mainstream websites with Amazon & Ebay adding Pinterest Buttons. What are you pinning?...
Get on my level
So Google is announcing all the things today, works for me.
can't wait for VEGAS!!!!!
GOD I HATE THIS MSG ORGAN.
MT : says libr wanted "come hither" approach to digitizing: do materials to tantalize if you can't do all.
Is it possible that the super committee's failure is a good thing for states? bit.ly/rvUXrO Tweet us your thoughts.
Telling a girl she is a non mtf factor.
I did it can u do it for me thank u
Sometimes driving, I glance over at the passenger seat for a moment and think about how I wish someone was sitting there everyday with me.
Just tried Garniers BB Cream foundation and its really good coverage but a little too heavy for my skin, it feels like it cant breathe
And one that's a bit more obscure: Why is a bassoon better than an oboe? The bassoon burns longer.
Wheres my lighter, i have to go set fire to the rain ;)
Your website looks great! I loved the finale of 90210! I hope Adriana and Dixon get back together. Your new main picture is
happy holiday's
Getting ready to talk about IML's Junior AV Club as part of the Playful Interventions Panel, 11AM
Cause it's Wild Kratts now!
and making yu happy , makes me happy ;*
#15 Your so pretty !!!!! I love your icon!!
#edchat, absolutely. Cognitive Coaching PD changed my conversations as a principal. Focused on outcomes and steps to achieve.
have you seen fear and loathing in las vegas...same char johnny depp plays, but is in vegas messing with a trippy drug
same as every other new tech: sex.
Thanks for the info!!
Is it weird that I'm kind of enjoying the rain right now?
and lunch or dinner this week?? Miss you girls
I love the show #Shameless <3
no doubt, no doubt
I'm ready for #toughmudder ! Yay get ready Austin tx , San antonioans are going to blow your mind away ! #mindblowing 😉
Need Prayer? Feel free to e-mail all prayer requests to: All requests will be kept confidential
no kidding! Absolutely!
Midnight run...!!
Seems that's a long tradition. My husband did it during 1970's wedding w/ transistor radio and earbud to get W&M game updates.
Mothers day I get to spend it wit my beautiful daughter!!! :)
<3 (to your mayday parade lyrics)
Rep. Sensenbrenner at Darling event.
Just beat Highland Park, finished 3-0 on the day! Our overall spring record is now 11-0....
#CelebrityTwitterPasswords Justin: "JERRY!" *Next weekend* Girl: What's Justin's password?" Beliebers: It's too long...- RT If you get it
It was pretty cool last night too. Actually I learned it was a cover from a band called The Strangeloves in the 60's.
John Mayer ;)
just be the Dad you want her future BF or Hubby to be. She's watching more than she's listening.
Thursday evenings! 10% Dinner dish twiscounts for our followers, infused drinks and Gypsy performances.
1300 dollar outfit for work today...how can I top that one? Mhmmm
this paper is not getting finished tonight i cant focus...
Netflix Takes Up 32.7% of Internet Bandwidth [STUDY]
What game is that?
Are you going to one or both?
What do you mean by this? Just curious.
Happy Friday! will continue our coverage of #OccupyPortland from downtown! Our live reports starts at 4:30 am. See you then!
LOL I JUST GOT ADOBE SUITE FOR PC.... WHOS YOUR DADDY
There should be no school on Halloween!
Just saw final destination 5
Daily Muse: "It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are!” E.E. Cummings
You mean 'Shenanigans'? RT : Next person who says I look like #ZachRandolph I might smack
GWC settles case for family of deceased Carpenter for $10 million dollars
#NP Marcos - Just For A Day (Luke Bond Remix)
Jeff Saturday to the Packers? I love you TT.
ADULTHOOD OFFICIAL TRAILER - In Cinemas 20th June 2008
Ur probably rite about the DEs. I do think LB is a deeper position and an underrated unit on our team and wanted ur take.
You bet! Kim and were just debating whether your hubby will show this year!?!?
Shooting a video for today..this should be fun..kids and structure..let's see
This game is giving me agita. Shouldn't have eaten that
Thanks for coming out & celebrating with us. Happy Birthday! See you at Irish Fest!
Never buy Dawn with Olay dish washing soap, it stunk up all my sponges, eww.
THX it took 6 years, 8 months and 1 day to get to about 1/2 of what u guys got. But still a great out come.
way up on Sahara...
from one Damon to another, I salute you. I'll be there assuming my arm hasn't fallen off by then.
Dear David Brooks: Most Americans only pay 14% in taxes because they're broke. And you're not a sap you're a fool. Obama tried playing nice.
Cannot. Stop. Laughing.
you are #perfect to me
Leadership should be born out of the understanding of the needs of those who would be affected by it.
Shortly after our weekend with Dead & Gone, we'll be releasing our full length titled 'Keep Calm' THEN releasing the split with Dead & Gone.
Hate When ii Think About Shit And ii Start Gettin Mad Aqain Or Feel Some Type Of Way ..
#MyPastRelationships were nothing serious.. if anything they were a joke.
Thanks so much for checking out Off My Mind. So glad you liked it!
i dont get it..
Good luck to my #PRSSA friends on your finals over the next few weeks. Remember: you survived Conference, finals week will be a breeze.
good meeting you. Pleassure doing up them Scrumptious Waffle Stickers. " )
Walked by an old man outside of Reiss today. He farted very loud. Twice.
Who is seeing this weekend at The Bottleneck? We will be there!
MT : Miss Tammy's awesome #ballet class. More and more students every week! we're gonna need a bigger boat!
i'm also wondering if you are free 6/8 between "morning" and "mid-day" (guess fuzzy words are bad)
Yes, I am at tonight, indeed. Free before 11pm. I go on shortly after.
rednecks these days..
Im home again
So Tired -__-
I'm sorry I can't be perfect, Sean :(
Stopping by to say hello. Hope you have a super week.
probably was. Lol
i am so hilarious. omfg
Loyalty is everything when it comes 2 family I love my familia
I know I'm running from a warzone.
I've no idea and I'm afraid to find out LOL
so... would you take a 2nd one online? that way it's more flexible for your fun #summer sched! let us know if we can help
#AlliThinkAbout is music.
Thank you for hosting our VISTA team meeting today!
what? How? I wasn't being mean -.-
Boo WJZ cutting off the Adam Jones 'walk & ride your bike for the Bay' commercial with an ad for their news!
RT S/O on getting promoted 2day! When ur on the Bottom God will bring u up an Over! We got 2 reasons 2 party now!
has new music and videos up on myspace and youtube...with more to come! And catch us live at Blue Nile friday night!
are you coming out tomorrow? It's been a while!
Retail price per gallon of black ink in the average printer ink cartridge is $4,731 (from PC World). Why complain about gas prices?
Hey I believe the saying is 2 in the front and 5 in the back..With the visual being the fist
Wondering why I have such Apple envy? Is and Apple computer really better than my PC? Imagine me paralyzed by indecision.
RT : Kinda pissed I'm up this early for no good reason// Hm
RT : Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day. - Sally Koch
In order to increase what we have, God needs to increase who we are.
you are out of your mind, first half 15 fouls to 5 wow cheatin
girls r complicated
ha ha. you don't know who he is do you? ;)
I'm always afraid I'm gonna say something and make someone mad at me or judge me. I try not to care what people say/think about me, but I do
Don't forget the and their glorious concert in March- Mahler 2!! I can't wait to play!
you were on fire tonight. I bet it had to be a little fun to finally play in a game. Tell the D you want the next game off.
i bet you think you're MIGHTY clever right now...
ight that's mr Henderson to u
You bet!
omg go have sex with
So happy I decided to watch the voice over the bachelor! Such talent and looking at Blake and Adam isn't hurting!
its raining and the last of the tomatoes needed it,but my car needed it more. I may be able to go at least another month without a wash now.
ur welcome my name is jerry and u?
oh, so you must be "7 Days of Sex"? Or #MasterOfMovement? Or r u #ineedyounow?
Thanks. Will read.
Starting Monday. Starting Monday. Starting Monday. No! Start now!
Happy opening! I watched Linus and Alora tonight, and it was beautiful!
The World Health Organisation says significant progress is being made against malaria thanks, partly, to a campaign of using insecticide-tr
I think that and should just go and be on a toothpaste commercial or something why are their teeth so white
#BillRomanowski anyone that watched you play doesn't believe you didn't go head hunting. But that's part of the game...don't hide
I didn't answer the first text. Don't keep asking me the same question.
Good morning! Love Is A Painting And Your Heart Is The Paint Brush.-Unknown
I love that many of my followers had a day full of blessings! :)
thanks for the follow! How do you like Experis?
