At my grandparents house...I just seen the biggest bug..wasn't a pleasant sight
Sup guys just a little update we just recently got Will Taylor back and we have about 8 songs in the making right now maybe more. And...
Wish I was standing on a corner in Winslow, Arizona instead of Oconomowoc, Wi.
how r u whatcha doin so nice to talk to you :)
Listening to Apple earnings call now...
Sorry we just miss our connection....guess our friendship wasn't meant to be
OMG CODY FREAKING SIMPSON FOLLOWED ME brb fangirling
I didn't know that. I'd kill to work there! It'd be brilliant if I could connect w/ Dustin Robertson!
and The Onion. Pretty much the same thing.
The role of marketing is to become the chief storyteller says Develop a story to pull the team together.
": Y U NO FLIRT WITH ME WHEN I'M SINGLE? Y U WAIT UNTIL I GOT SOMETHING GOOD GOING FOR ME TO SHOW UP." Your life
I miss you! Can't wait to see you in a few days.
Hey! That's so rad. I'm glad you enjoy it. I'll be releasing lots and lots more this year so I'm excited to share with you. : )
": Oh, man. Frontline's on the Murdoch scandals. Great #Celtics game, too." It really is quite a boston media nerd dilemma...
These fools really having a shirt off
the dude off of the grey? He dresses in some dope clothing.
Hope 2 c u there RT : RT : Tomorrow is Tip A Tiger! You can hang with the Detroit !
Simply compose tweet, and assign h-tag generally at the end of the tweet. To "categorize" or assign a "keyword" to the topic of your tweet.
I feel you
#Justice2012 in #PDX: smooth admin, strong participation of artists, and great conversations
Now body every told you it would be easy, but now you know, let's get back to achieving greatness!
I got done talking
Now at home with some tea and watching Harry Potter. :)
Game 7 Power Hour? Yup! #LetsGoB's
#wsop28 $1500 NL about to start, I'm at table 133! Table full of fishies so far :)
a train, a plane or an automobile
You'll get the there!
I'm honored to be mutual followers. Maybe I'll get to see you guys in concert sometime...
hey Annie are you in Orlando?
Palfrey at HLS: we need more librarians, not fewer.
The best education in the world for your future is to be a super hot girl.
Then please don't throw them when I'm gone.
dear david stern for my bday i want the lockout to end
might be coming in the morning...if i can find a ride to the airport
The frosts have arrived and I couldn't be happier!!! Busy week starts tomorrow at ridiculous o'clock!
home improvement time! today: the garden!
No your not. You don't even like me doing music.
RT : LBWN is currently accepting applications for the Economic Development Manager position. Please click on the post......
Stand up world. Your time is now.
they wouldnt let me get on a pole
Learned what zoris means today.
Let Linx Entertainment host all your events for FREE. From birthdays to bachelorette, from office parties to fundraisers - call 2129319020.
my head hurts
Prett bummed I missed #TheEvent tonight. Oh well, that's the life of an onstage personality.
Yaaaay taking Ruby home!!! :)
Toastmasters tonight at Sinai Hospital, I'll be conducting the second half of the meeting. See how you can improve your communication skills
l think its for kids not for dogs :-)
Happiness is when what U think, what U say, & what U do R in harmony. ~ Mohandas Gandhi
-- lmao shit plz don't , we don't that to happen !
can't eat? Why?
#bsu fans think Blount was a thug....say hello to Vontaze
If you had to choose, what would you pick: Garage parking or in-unit washer/dryer?
Grill cheese too.. not so healthy though
Whitney Houston karaoke? Girl's vocal chords were no joke. I imagine that will be a painful night for the ears.
#NeverShouldYouEver lie.. The truth will always find its way out.
Tomorrow I gotta work at midtown n then my job. . Talk about goin have to get a Relaxer
attention vs permission is important in email ... obvious, I know.
Yes! it was so good meeting you as well! I can't wait to try your products! :)
Just returned from helping Chinese client assess biz opportunities in SLC and LAX. It seems Chinese are starting to look at investing in US.
I can't wait to move and find the perfect place for me.
Doors open at 8AM tomorrow. Get there early to register. Keynote kicks off at 9AM SHARP!
Leaving for Montana... Now! Watching The Office :-)
Dentist office wasn't all tht bad -.- wahhhh. Now gettinqq food. Yeah buddy ^.^
From my second book ... self-published of course just for me & my wife
Have heard a rumor that after two weeks there have been 270,000 signatures collected. That is half of what is needed to recall Walker.
Dear followers, please follow I know it's stupid but casters, wheels and replacement parts are near and dear to my heart.
Bring it, 14hr work day. Also, I wore a tie, so clearly I win today on basically all levels.
There's no better audience than a 4 year-old brother if you are a 10 year old practicing magic tricks.
Your cookies were a hit at the cigar store Saturday, as usual
Thanks for covering HP's digital content model, great view of your overall approach. Will you be sharing copy of PPT?
Sexual homicide conference at Binghamton U ready to start soon.
John Lucas joins World Learning as senior vice president for academic programs.
my dan tammy done got bigger since the last time I seen that fat
BANG BANG I SHOOT YHU DOWN
I dunno. Trying to figure that out now. You?
How was it??
lol I'm dead serious you know I gotta mess with you but I've been good, u? Are you back in nashville?
have fun at work! :)
THAT CALL I JUST GOT!!!! 2thumbs up!!!!
Your unsolicited advice is welcome. I just can't get motivated for more bog gov't.
boys realize they hurt your feelings and do everything they can to make it better and cheer you back up
Did you know that if a man has his balls crushed, he won't be allowed into the kingdom of heaven... Interesting.
wow man, looks like a great lineup... Can't help but be a bluegrass fan living out here!
everyone who came out to Baltimore Boom Bap Society- we're making it happen. #Real Hip Hop
wait I'm following u boo
Thank you! Cc
you know you love it #donthideit (:
Thanks to new followers!
I spent it with my computer and HBO. Lovely but missed u!!! See u tomorrow!!!!!
Shawn.... You're not turning INTO a woman for all the support of us, are you? Lol! :P
I just want her to hang with us at Brother Jimmy's
In the backyard looking for the Super Moon and I come back into my house with Bad Moon Rising by #CCR playing randomly on my iPod. :-/
Ekkk with people at Kalher and my huge cracked screen i can barly see what im writing SMH
Calgary has some great beer bars serving some fine Canadian ales. Check 'em out while you're there.
Pujols now just 72 home runs behind Bonds' single-season record.
It's a rare day off for Our Man, but he'll be playing tomorrow and Friday, naturally. Full band in Chillicothe on Saturday!
Beer-Con is kicking off. T-minus 5 minutes till Beer Wars Keynote.
Celeb siting this wknd. Was lucky enough to meet the one and only , music video superstar #whatsluv cc:
When you cant stop Faried, smash him in the head. When that doesnt work..... run like hell.
Thanks. Yep. My body is screaming but I am determined! Every time he says DIG DEEPER, I want to punch the guy!
oh haha you're funny (:
Dig the concept here, but...you guys afraid of a good ol' fashioned double-edged razor? Can't beat it (with a bit of practice...)
I really think we got a shot.
Make=craft... Admittedly made assumptive leap. Shall leave any required grounding to you:-)
Goodnight everyone..hope you all enjoyed your weekend, come back tomorrow and pick up our strain of the day; Island Dawg!
keep getting ingrons n bumps what brand of razor is it that your useing
right back at ya!
As with anything, it totally depends. Parents need to be parents, and let's face it, kids can't always make the right decision.
Auuggghh! Downton Abbey night, and I can't get WHTJ.
that was very obvious
I sure love my crown and coke a nice drink before bed.
#ravens trade out, see Smith, Jenkins, Martin & Wilson drafted - didn't want any of them, will get the guy they wanted plus gain a 4th
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ... I forget the other two. ~ Red Skelton
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
The one rule of show business: Be nice to everyone!
i could imagine why it might not be the #1 priority.
i was creeping on your dads twiiter, he loves you , his tweet said so ;)
you can save that 15 cents by having internet dinners
my feet hurt. off to zee gym.
Good Morning Twitter , <3 !!!!
Key West star turned NFL direc MT : Congrats to Gator Ran Carthon, named the Director of Pro Personnel for St. Louis Rams.
Good morning! Been sick all weekend and there might be ice tomorrow. Yay.
Bitch I bet u don't even have Facebook
Yet another dope staten island studio session. Makin that magic! Stay tuned...
YEEEEEEEEEEEE. Getting my braces off the day before my birthday!
I am honored to accept your endorsement.
See you at the launchpad tonight!!! "The Bachelor of Science." #stoked!
Thanks for making me laugh.
Good Lawd is all!!!
Ready to watch hoping my fantasy team shines tonight and of course my man
RT : I wish people would stop making fun of Tim Tebow's religious faith and instead ridicule the way he throws.
I just did a FB search and notice only 3 state boards were listed.
How is everyone today?
Great quote: "It's not about HR KPI, but business KPI. If there is no link, measure it but don't bring it up." - Hertz @
Wow! RT Our Libraries are BUSY places & our collection is popular. Over 1,000,000 items out between Oct. 2010-Sept 30, 2011
Attention fellow ANMLS, please send us pictures of you wearing that new new AnmlHse. Thanks in advance. - management.
You know you want a "Dude, you should tweet that" shirt. And we're taking advantage of this huge screen. Holla!
NO! Alshon goes to Da Bears.
Today was sick. The streets were filled, bar were packed, everyone was out. It felt like a summer day. Summer summer summer summer time
You know how I know I am sick? I am choosing sleep over setting up my new phone. It needs to charge anyway.
. of computer scientists: for CSists, 98% OCR accuracy is good; for us humanists, it's not good enough.
Sat: Middle School Initiative at went to see The Lion King on B'Way. But we first got to meet the choreographer and Nahla!
Hunter the heel
Nice drive Miami!!
#norfolkstate say they go shock the world
#Cosign RT : It's Never Too Late to Follow Your Dreams..
nope #jersey baby
3 students arrested in connection to Friday's fire at Woodburn High School. Debra Gil will have the latest, and I'll have your HOT forecast!
Adele looks so gorgeous tonight!! Congratz
Owen and I are headed to puppy kindergarten!
You mean something like this. #FollowFriday My haters hate it when I say I love them.
U.S. construction spending increased slightly in March
BUUURRRRRRRRNNNN RT when I get a real shout out that Im actually in my car to hear;)
Question of the day: What's your favorite sports team?
If you're ever feeling homesick, watch - It will make you even more homesick but in a good way
But seriously your really starting to piss me of so just guck off and leave me and him alone .
Work. Class. No editing reel. Good day.
At the stockyard it's my backyard that's we're I grew up
Bravo to 4 sharing w/ us some of the mean things people have tweeted about him during other keynotes. We're not worried.
thanks for letting me know :)
best band and singers on the planet, the Ellen James Society. Unfortunately they live on only in my CD player!
RED digital cinema better release the Dragon sensor by the end of this year if they want to stay competitive.
Hi TJ! Thx for the follow. How are you?
Watching Puss and Boots !! 😄
miller light>keystone lol
Hey I just figured out where those jobs is claiming came from. Kathy Nickolaus forgot to add in the 50k new jobs in Brookfield
Reading The Circle Maker by Highly recommend! I believe on the power of prayer and just got challenged to a new level!
the more i see Gomez out there, the more i feel klose I'd still the best striker for the national team
i need a glass of milk, so the people near me would get the full effect of the humor: with milk coming out of my nose and all
I Like "It" Hot & Slick.
keep the change you filthy animal!
RT : “Love is giving and faith is receiving. Without both, the flow of the universe is broken and we are less than complete!”
In case you forgot, Scalia, Roberts, Thomas, Alito; the corporations are people gang, are republican appointments…do you want more?
OH: You know, if its Latin, its serious!
She wore lacy heels, some small gold jewelry, and carried a black clutch
Times like this I
Yes I do remember you. :)
ok what's your number ?
Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online Episodes
Hi Grant, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Made ice cream in chemistry today.
Morning coffee >>>>>
I, I want to be, every little thing that want, that you need, that breathe -
I don't know why, but I'm just super excited for our Rehersal today:) #
No work today. Just chilling at a pool partieeeee. All Day and night!!
I got a big surprise for you at the end of the week. I know it's killing you inside but you just have to wait for it brah ;)
GOT AN ALBUM RELEASE PARTY OR A BIG EVENT AND NEED THE BEST HIRE THE DJ'S realbiz only end info to
Remeber Honor Society's old youtube videos? Yeah those were the best.
May Day - the day to give baskets of flowers to the people you love or smash in the window of the businesses you hate.
Margaret Thatcher~ To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan you should wear it inside where it functions best.
R.i.p. Junior Seau
Prayer breakfast at New Sardis Church, O what a FELLOWship!
Love is like a FART. If you have to force it, its probably shit. :3
I have the stupid stomach flu and it is not fun :(
Celine Dion just came on my LeAnn Rhymes Pandora station. My heart just melted.
#tasteofdc starts TOMORROW! what will you do first when we kick off at 11am?! taste the food? listen to on Main Stage? or...
RIP ETTA JAMES!
Thirsty Thursday again! Brady Street is the new Jazz in the Park!
Someone please explain to me how the #Dodgers are worth 2 billion.
And give my love to Girish. Tell him I can't wait to hear him play topless. He'll appreciate that.
getting recognized in the local rite aid das whatsup.
Apparently answering emails is a very difficult job for small businesses and non-profits. Jeepers.
hi!! Watsup! Its been a long time! I hope we can hang before summer!! Miss u!
That's awesome! I have heard so many good things about Pinterest. I'm excited to join! By the way, thanks so much for the pin :)
What is your favorite activity or food at the Wisconsin State Fair? What's new that you're going to try?
shifting back from vacation mode. savoring being at home again, though trip to Oregon & back was fabulous
Happy Birthday! (:
"What should I be for halloween Valerie?" "Asians celebrate halloween!?!? WOW" "Yeah..." "You should be an eggroll or something"
I would turn gay for 😍
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Have you decided who will take care of your business and personal affairs when you are no longer capable?
RT : Pleasure is always derived from something outside you, whereas joy arises from within
any deals on walkmans? my spin doctor's tape is stuck and I can't get it out. Need a new one.
Bette Davis could be a prize provocateur. It takes a special person to succeed in acting, whether a he or a she.
Some good convo at the elbow room
sorry, that last tweet was really mean... NOT
Hello Tweeters, Well school has resumed . We have moved n 2 our new school bldg. The children and staff r so excited.
Phew! I was worried for a minute there. :)
My on personnel quote for the night if you not happy how can you make someone else happy. So always put you 1st 🎉
"How do you get your head so shiny"...
“: Today 7pm. Open scrimmage @ the AT&TCenter. Free 4 everybody! See you later!”
Ja-mike...ya-mike....oh who gives a damn!
bahahaha LOVE YOU!
#ndpl business models workstream will consider innovative new ways to aggregate content from publishers (and etc.)
agreed. it's why I'm going into Employment Law
RT House music is my drug
the depressing moment on sunday that you remember: tomorrow is monday -___-
Told ya, Lambs going for a career night! 8 already.
There were moments of gold and flashes of light.
wats up cute
Playing a little no-umbrella Russian roulette today.
Pfffff i just had to say that...
thank you for the follow, looking good.
i hate when ppl start fights and then they blame everything on u!
Hells Bells should be reserved for Trevor Hoffman!
The slow motion part of the DAWMH video where the arm with the inner circle bracelet is up in the air <3 Whoever you are I wanna be you! :)
Shopping mission with my client was so successful! 2 dresses she can style 5 different ways for under $250!
RT is awesome if you want to reboot 10 times g a show
Talk is stiil cheap..........I guess
well of course I do, I even remember what it means!
i wonder what time #oomf comin
I have been saying that 3.5" disks were going away for over a decade now, it's about time I get to be right
u leave me alone all day. i give you holes in the rose bed.
I look forward to working with you!
Win a new client, lose an existing client. We still get up every morning and make ice cream.
Here we go America!!!!! We are here live!!!!!
Agreed. I have to admit these things looked tempting recently, despite my better judgment. No more-too good to be true always is.
": #NoGasDay this Friday March 30th. Dont get gas. One day of no sales they will lose millions and lower prices! Pls RT!!"
Be true to your self
it's okay. I need to pack anyway.
Are you happy with the winner?
just said that she wants to be mummified...TF?
Thank you for the ReTweets and the Shout Outs!
You can say, "I read him when..."
I still watch Omar in "Broadway Empire" as Chalky White!
Good Morning RT : Good morning twitter
Schofield is a great player!
yup those FunBites are brilliant. Why didn't we think them?!
this is the soundtrack to my life.
how do we get meet and greets ?
There was something special last night before going to bed...seeing all the Christmas lights of neighboring houses covered in lots of snow.
no I'm not! & all girls are pretty :) I hate when they think they're not :/
Cliff Lee threw a bullpen without feeling anything. Says he will throw another in a few days, then should be activated.- Matt Gelb ()
where you been??
u welcome
RT : RT : Happiness is walking through the convention center and stopping frequently for hugs.
I utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it bad.
just saw your segment! what fun ideas. Loved the crayon wreath!
Commencement Season! Congratulations to all of the graduates!!
its okay, not your fault!<3 and sure
I can't believe I actually get MLK day off. Not working in television is great!
who the hell? what the fuck?
I'm on "Mind Body Spirit Expo", Edison, NJ. Many great speakers are here - Deepak Chopra, Doreen Virtue ... It's a weekend of enlightenment
Beautiful standing ovation by the audience. Opening night was a success.
In line waiting to see Harry Potter in IMAX 3D...so excited!
What did you do for #Halloween weekend? Share your pics with !
purple shirt.
Let's golf this week!
I will have to add tonight to my personal milestones!
Goodnight sweetie! 💗
naw go ahead and keep them, i aint taking no more meds, i been taking to many!! everything will be fixed this month
You can try and mess with me but when you do I'll kick you ass
just ran 4 mi *how long will this last*
Quote: "No one can give you better advice than yourself." Cicero
Finding it hard to sleep after one point loss!
thanks for the shout out.
It's just a quick flight from LA, right? We'd love to have you here!
Genghis survived but he's wounded.
Thanks Tom!
True, true.
nah there open n when the knick$ when ima let it go
Yeah, cooked in a completely different way there though. It's basically uncooked and very pungent.
Chief Wray says the violence has a tight grip on the city.
Super excited to see at the comedy store tonight. He brings the goods and you know you're fucking with a champ!
i'm financially straight like a lion i aint lyin all my hoes on they toes ballerina black swan
Man, I slept hard! I have an indention of the remote in my back
Thanks! Things are okay for me. Still fighting, head above water. And you?
Yep, I'm getting a "problem loading page" error as well.
Haha, duly noted! I passed on your info to my sis - she'll decide whenever. The academics play a big difference, I suppose ;)
I'm playing standby games all day. Also, no, I am not comfortable leaving. But thanks for the offer!
He said: I'm allergic to condoms. She said: That's okay, I keep Benadryl in my purse. #Moral: Don't play games with an educated woman.
Filming a music video tomorrow at the beach(:
My boss handed me the reins to our weekly top content #analytics report. Result: I was excited to go to work on a Monday morn!
so every time we have to do scentances for 9th grade literature me and my best friends use :) <3#support we beast like that
naw mane is it dope?
Reading Doris Lessing's "Briefing for a Descent Into Hell", an experimental firestorm of imagination and spirit. Great stuff!
New York misses you Justin. :(
Happy Canada day Graham. May all your maple and poutine dreams come true today!
9 years since we invaded Iraq. Do you feel any safer? Oh, and how's those gas prices?
Ah yes, I was thinking of stopping by! Thx 4 the reminder.
Gotta make a move sometime...
In the top of the 9th with a client on a six-month overhaul of their signature presentation. Devil now is in the visual details.
shut up. I hate you.
We've successfully boarded the bolt bus. Here we go to NYC!
Last Day For RedsFest Specials!
Pooped!! Someone wanna hang tonight??
I hear ya loud and clear Ax, got a 6-month little man myself. Crazy little critters aren't they?!
Happy St Patty's Day? Gotta get my share of them Green Pancakes and Green BEER BATTER I dont think so ? i stick to my Gravy and Sausage!
Watching three people scramble out of a taxi to get into a bus is probably the stupidest thing I'll see today. Then again, it's only 10AM...
I'm in love with the nutter butter flavor!!
They should be but unfortunately some players don't work that way. Stinks.
There are days I sit in my room, paging through my books. It's magic. There is nothing like it.
Dinner Friday at Christini's in Orlando was fantastic! The food is so wonderful! Olives from his farm in Greece, etc. Perfect!
Even funnier how exchanges between those contexts are often ignored. Hadn't thought of it in relation to periodicals!
Movie and ice cream with BC
yeah. It's got pine nuts, mozzarella, tomato and balsamic.
mixing tonight will be fun
Sweet Sixteen
NO WAY!!!! I love the fact she stood up for man I wish that would happen more often!! Putting his teammates on blast wasn't cool.
Lend a helping hand; become a mentor!
Happy Easter to all of our non-Orthodox Christian friends and families! And to our Orthodox Christian friends, happy Palm Sunday!
Thanks!!RT : Everyone has #ThatOnePerson who inspires them for me it is and with :)
^Scott Finally finished uninstalling & re-downloading , now installing from #Win7OS64bit Desktop.
Can I get a reeeeefilllll
: That's all he's really good at.
So when does filming start for next G.I. Joe after this one shatters the box office?
#YouTooDamnOldToBe workin' in a fast food restaurant. These jobs are for high school & college kids, not for you with your US work visa.
I was gunnna go Friday morning
Hell, some of my friends have grandchildren already.
Border Fence Part of Larger Solution
I for sure will be
Good Morning!
I really like Chris Mann but that pairing diddnt really satisfy me ...
Congratulations to Khylin Rhambo who has just booked a lead in a huge Feature Film!! Go Khylin!
You too Zenita!!
Exactly, Dan. Who is the public face of your #nonprofit org? Constituents are "customers" and customer service counts
Thanks for the follow!
urggg. You can move to Iowa and join my dance team (:
S/O to DirtIrvEnt for comin out tonight. Got a new promotions deal. New teaser reel real soon. Hit me up
One guy Has a child, The Next one dosent pay me any attention, And the third one just found out he used to mess with my little cousin :/ FML
Can't sleep cause I keep thinking of new concepts to shoot
Sell out crowd in Mt Horeb as Barneveld is up 44-24 at the end of 3.
Yes yes. Now I don't have to wait for somebody to let me see their iPhone. I'm doin my own thang, salts :@)
I told Andy MacPhail to release Justin Duchsherer today. Apparently running a no-kill shelter for hobbled pitchers has no tax benefit.
boo - gotta disagree with you on the #madmen view...
Congrats to for being our most distant participant! Must be cold up there in Kodiak, AK.
how heady are you right now
If youre really spiritual,then you should be totally independent of the good bad opinions of the world, you should have faith in yourself.
They are amazing creatures.
Jimmy Butler just needs someone to believe in him...that someone is clearly not going to be Alex Lunde
haha awww i wanna see her now
Remember that failure is an event, not a person. - Zig Ziglar
Lunch with Lorraine today at the Tabard Inn lovely. Looking forward to the Folger dinner Saturday.
Did you refuel with the pancakes afterward?
HAhahahaha! Won my first fight mother fucker. Bet you didn't see that one coming bitch.
Yes :) Welcome♥
Pleasure was mine! Lots to think about.
If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up some place else. - Yogi Berra
Got a busy day ahead of me, but best believe I'm still rooting for that black and red!
yikes, Pens are hammering the Flyers. hopefully the can finish off our series.
I hope is going to call me and sing happy birthday on my vm ]ril 7th like he did last year..I still got that msg..he's amazing!
Are you offering him a job?
our child dev. binders aren't due til Friday, right?
We're back and ready for 2011. We have entered our 26th year - still independent and the best choice for publ'g admin!
Pray for my mom!😔
Heey (: i think imgonna change my username again
you are such an inspiration! #MuchLove (:
We love you too! RT : You love that place almost as much as you love
follow back dude?! I like ur bio I'm agree with it. :)
Good evening and welcome to our healing, breakthrough and deliverance serivce! We will be broadcasting shortly!
Im Not In A Relationship . Therefore , I Can Do Whatever TF I Want !
"A YOUNG NIGGA W/ HEART I AIN'T HAVE SHIT 2 LOSE, PULLIN' MY PISTOL ON THEM FOOLS U' KNO' THE RULES!!!!"-2PAC"U' CAN'T C' ME"-ALL EYES ON ME
Nothing has ever bothered me as much as my recent realization that I have never seen bird testicles.
I know!! hahahah
Almost certain urs - IIRC it was DVD+/-RW where the industry decided we didn't have enough fragmentation. They didn't learn…
Cool like a cucumber
we're using the same artwork for 2011 but dates should all be updated - please let us know if not!
Thanks for the note. That is awesome! Its such a smart way to get those sales up
damnit, thought my pleated kakhis and nacho fetish were going to get me laid.
damn is it that hard to close the doors
Sad, sad day. RIP Adam "MCA" Yauch.
Happy Tweeting! Hello to all... =)
Let's travel the world
I think i need to pray...um...can we pray??? lol
giving up and walking. 9:52 is 33 min late and 10:12 is 10 min late. You NEED to get GPS in your buses. I got to get a car.
Yay for FT's!:D
Phew, a lot of work
This time flow and fullness
I don't think the city would be allowed to make content specific decisions.
So I have poptarts and chips in the freezer...
National Kiss Day on #Fridaythe13th Something tells me that’s bad scheduling
AH SO CUTE!
I'm currently perusing the right side of Patrick's face
dont feel dumb, we knew all the ppl there basically. Thats the shitty part. Someone we know is a thief
no problem. You can also keep checking on tumblr & here for updates. What other bands do you like?
good luck tonight big man. Show out.
hi Selly it would a dream if u followed&ilySOmuch ily& SOmuch u guys r such inspiration, iluv2sing cuz of u and JB
Do you think Pat Sajak really gives a shit if they go bankrupt?
My New Year's resolution: to tweet more. Just can't bare to part ways with my torrid love affair with Facebook...
Special Forces returned safely, but still needs a smog check. Ugh!
just yawned.. wow! i'm pretty shocked cause i am not tiredd..
Great stuff...and timely for me. I'm planning to give my gown another spin on our 5th anniversary--12.01.11.
youre very welcome :)
ok I got u fam
of course .... No worries babe
ohh! Well I just got off work and am now doing the same thing! Ahaha do you wanna do something?!
ok i will <3
how bout you come visit ME mmmmk
u first
And if you're unhappy still I will be hanging on your line.
Got some great marriage advice on how to keep the romance fresh from a 20 year marriage veteran....I'll use the advice one day!
Great Latin Night at Salute! Thank you for everyone that came by. Stay tune for the next one!
I'm McStunned that you went to McDonalds.
Thought U might like this; #StarSlinger #mention at the bottom
When I feel on top of my school work.... professors pile more homework, test, & projects and it's never ending! so stress #whereissummer?
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
What will the #presidential #election look like in 30 years, when #GenY candidates' college Facebook pics are discovered?
happy birthday paaaaaj.!
Better Be :), But you Never talk to Me anymore "/
The rainy weather here has definitely helped me get in touch with my cozy side. I think we actually turned the heat on today.
i saw your tongue tied tweet im like OMG I MISS THEM
Are u okay Tre D ?
just a little. :-)
Stealing other peoples toys on the playground won't make you many friends.
#whenitwascoolto use Myspace...
Thanks and for this morning's webinar on SSO options. Groundswell of interest out there
It's almost the weekend! Look, there's a Rio Margarita at the end of the tunnel!
m everyone should try
loolahoop #what she order,fish-fa-la
The headquarters is ready for 's magic. Lets go!! Shooting tonight!
Hey, y'all like my new hat? I've been both naughty and nice this year.
Most people like to eat chocolate mint after dinner
If I ever get rich, I VOW I will pay #GoDaddy to STOP MAKING COMMERCIALS.
Cranky thanky Now get out and get business!
Follow they will #retweet any DM #message you send them. (After u follow em and viceversa) -
Iggy wants to be a supper star he is his time to show it
we played for Santa from the Macy's Day Parade!
oh man. What are winter grits?
Karaoke at Park 33...
What are good restaurants with wifi?
Official News: GLEEAM selected for NY Fringe. Production negotiations underway. Stay tuned!
they threw him up then rebecca black built him back together bitch dog shit as glue
Life is full of questions. Its sad that not all of them get answered. Right??
A. Why are you asking me this on your anniversary celebration? B. I think that scheme sounds perfect. You could lose the tan.
Why does the FB spellcheck not recognize "mtg" as an abbr. for "meeting" and offer to correct it with "MTV"?
4 batters in, 12 pitches, no called strikes, bases loaded on walks and a HBP, things not looking pretty for the Freak
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -Finley Peter Dunne
Check out the June/July issue of "New American Paintings" to see work by alumna Katie Miller '07, '11 (Hoffberger)
"know what fuck everybody, im always the blame"
Nyquill is hitting me like a truck. Z.....
Our hearts yearn for simplicity. Jesus reduced the entire Scriptures down to this: love God and love others! Simple is good!
This nigga Rondo a alien real tlk
I give up
Red sox announcers last night spent a minute debating if mittens have fingers. It was said to have been more exciting than the game itself.
“: has the best blog in the world he talks all about the packers and football & the nfl draft” thanks, Chai!
wow yknow it would have been nice of her to tell us that beforehand!!!
... oh man, don't tell that Jake Gyllenhaal is there or she'll make us move to your hood.
Animals & children under 6 are innocent. That is why most of them can see and hear spirits.
A Series of Unfortunate Events
I UNDERSTAND THE SONG BUT THE VIDEO IS JUST HIM IN THE HOSPITAL BY HIMSELF BUT THERE'S NO GIRL OR BABY OR DOCTOR OR ANYTHING
It was great. I did enjoy the Hulk more now that I didn't have to see him over an entire movie. He's a better supporting guy.
It's interesting that the #GSU decision doesn't address the use of any medium other than books. Not sure where music or film would fit.
": I was going to ask you about your hair. It was pretty!"< thank u. That's my girl Annagjid
wanna cover my shift? Hahaha come in and hang out! I'm there at 10
It's crazy how dead quiet it is on a Friday night, doesn't even feel like itit's all due to beginning of
U win some and then u lose some... Tonight is a draw...lol
what official mahomie thing?
Would love to watch the draft tonight but doubtful I can wrestle the TV away from my 81 y.o. dad. Thank God he goes to bed at 8.
We can start with how Congress' disapproval rating is 82%, highest on record.
Thanks! I definitely have alot to learn from him...he is a true legend for me.
so much regret. mrawrp.
don't tell us people are using the old "high motor" analogy?!?
isn't his reasoning contradictory? I totally understand why you feel the way you do....
#followed and
I want to Publicly Thank for helping our organization in many different ways. We wish you much success on your Shalom Bayis tour!
or fully naked hahaha
Have you decided what your #midlifecrisiscar will be?
My mind, body, & spirit need some peace & beauty rest....i have a very busy day planned 2moro #CALLINGITANIGHT (Wine & On Demand)
what school?
Hey, Obama got Bin Laden. All that other stuff doesn't matter!
Failure is a stepping stone to success
The only constant in this life is change.
#launcher Sims 3 Late Night Launcher Error
Cruciferous veggies (cabbage, broccoli & cauliflower) can lower your risk of many types of cancers.
yess.): and right across from the mall!!
Gotta be up at 9 and I'm still up! Hahaha thug :-)
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.
I'm on the prowl for UXD experts/firms w experience working in nonprofit world. Solid grasp of info architecture would be a plus. Any recs?
hahaha ok u the phenom tho
Big Wednesday: Look for the new DocShop Before and After Gallery App! It's huge!
It appears i've lost my ipod. It was only a matter of time
Another music legend gone too soon. RIP Donna Summer.
Somebody PLEASE SLAP OLIVIA!
LMAO!!! Now I'm gonna be thinking of that song!!
you can come to missouri
Thank you!
I agree... it's just largely missing from the literature, or tucked away in papers about other things.
Jack Swagger from WWE is at KUPL for an interview! tune in to 98.7FM!
wandering around town is the best way to spend a birthday! good, good.
“: I hope all the young'uns watching this game really take Duncan in and appreciate him. Truly.” ~ well said!
Got a iPod touch for Christmas.
The 2010 MLK High School Battle of The Bands-Houston Is Scheduled For UH/Robertson Stadium January 16, 2010 Beginning @ 6:00 PM
aren't long distance relationships hard? Haha. Especially that much distance apart. It's like across the country....
Happy Birthday! Today is mine. Go Pisces.
Why does everyone hate Griffin now?
Happy Birthday! :)
as long as you came across with the info.
"you've seen all my mistakes, now look me in my eyes." ahh I cant wait to see you next month ooohh boy!
Hello San Francisco. Very happy to see the son. Just finished with merchant. Fabulous little store.
Cleats to the head...somebody better get dumped you have to protect your keeper
I'm performing at Mekka April 13th so you don't have to be 21! I'm really grateful my hard work is paying off
Audio Post has wrapped on "The Chief". Happy Thanksgiving!
oomf done showed tf out by posting a damn picture of his dick on here
I think you are correct.
Well, WHO DOGGIE!!!! We hit over 2,300 likes!!! YAY!!! & THANK U THANK U THANK U for all your wonderful support!!
Ahh you were there ? You didn't tell me! But thank you
We're experimenting with using a backchannel to enhance our videoconference meetings
Pickin up fam bout to clock in
both those places are sickening now.
Fun video. Could use another edit but the students had a good time making it.
Rewatching 's "Never Say Never" movie...
How’s your bracket looking so far? You can catch all of the NCAA Tourney actions on our big screens!
in all his brilliance being interviewed on Even cooler than his cameo in Iron Man 2.
I draw a difference between the work and the notion of a field.
Boston love <3
Fantastic! Thanks!!
Thank you! And totally appreciate the follow!!
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL "wtf?" "omg get a life.." "no one cares.." "attention whore.." "that better not be about me..." "
Ann the musicians keep coming in to jam & celebrate good music & the unity of our NYC jazz scene...
Go Janice! It looks very yummy!
#TradHome thanks, Stacey! can't wait!
never working hard enough. Plus, today will be HOT!
High Lifes! Gotta be classy!
I'm currently making some changes in my life . If you don't hear from me , you're one of them .
#Pujols leaving St. Louis totally makes up for them winning the World Series. I love to see #Cardinals fans miserable.
Everybody in my city fuck with me
Tough consolation. Borders gone on Boylston, but Boston's first Pret a Manger, Athleta will open there.
All we need is a high resolution digital photograph and we can print it big size on a fine piece of canvas.
Thanks to for referring ‘s wine blog, A Glass After Work. It’s an easy, informative read & entertaining to boot.
Everyone should be picking up Bear In Heaven's new record today - 'I Love You, It's Cool'. Go on. I'll wait.
I was there in 2003 and loved it... I didn't want to leave. Worried I won't want to this time. :)
The blast at the nuclear facility occurred just hours after officials said they feared the reactor could melt down.
Ray Ban Replica SunglassesNew Wayfarer Ray Ban Replica - sunglasses case
happy birthday Kasee!!!!
Loving the atmosphere in the office today.
Me either! Thanks for pushing and challenging me! I'm looking forward to kicking some butt this season.
Any idea what it might have been? Something like optparse for python. Would be handy to not have to roll my own.
Reeeaaallllyyy looking forward to having my car back :)
But you always have Angie! :D
Oh do you need some sun? Cuz you're shady as fuck.
Yeah so.... i'll just do homework in first period. Knowing my luck we will actually do something in there tomorrow.
What are you inferring about #healthcare and the #cloud? Your #tweet sounds skeptical, but your link is optimistic.
sho' will...can't say enough how big a help has been during our money raise! cc
Made $152 in Amoeba store-credit from selling CDs - used it to buy a bunch of classic vinyls - total came to $151.67.
How can we hope to have a strong economy in a country where political pandering to ignorance earns votes?
so confused right now lol...what just happened.
Roses are red, violets are blue. Dont u wanna kiss austin? On his lips and neck too
No , but like seriously , I need a new gym partner.
I drove home drowsy AF! from13hr night. I got home,had 2cold kit-kats and did 20 chinups Now I'm wide awake when I want to be asleep
's KC BBQ Crawl = Chicken at #Rosedales, Beef and Pork sandwiches at #ArthurBryants, and a slab at #Gate's... Freakin Stuffed!
But Jemele watched Vick's title game (and apparently nothing else) so she's an expert. Somehow.
Washington Governor Gregoire to announce state of Emergency - Whooping cough
The first ep I saw was either Dungeons & Dragons or Modern Warfare. I was like, "I could watch more of these ppl"
So full. Might die.
Cameron....him and he's hp moment lol
Hey Taap Fans! Where is the best place to eat in the ABQ?
Reimbursement models, lack of insurance, under-insurance, volume based med... tech innovation can't solve these
Looking forward to running the Foot Traffic Flat Half marathon on the 4th of July...anyone else?
lol yes ugh ready for school to be over me& him broke up fir good lol dont wanna talk bout but im fine im hella chill
What is the name of the song tht goes oh here we are so close so far or something like that?
#smx #1a1 Code your own url shortener in PHP. Use it to track revenue, clicks, etc. Good idea!
thank you have a good week. Appreciate the support.
Glen Campbell belting out politically correct Rhinestone Cowboy and Cowgirls.
RT : Who ham? >>Good guess, though. Thanks for the RT.
Working on lots of stuff...looks lovely outside... maybe later : )
I'd like to be everything you want.♥
Does this idiot singing in pro bowl wearing a leather jacket and skin tight jeans realize it is Hawaii?
The sun smiles on Milwaukee! Come run, walk, stroll the park at lunchtime/
What is the most painful tattoo you've gotten?
you should really come back then <3 we miss youu
I miss the D so much!
You graduating and don't want to work for 'the man?' Start up your own business. We can .com
She's ordered kuz she always deliver
And I did another 200 after that. Day's total around 1100. High five baby!
Quotes on mind of the rest of the league "Terrified" "Amazed" "Seen nothing like it since Gretzky's Oilers!"
if you keep saying things like "Randy Quaidzy," you'll be of Dunham status in no time, cause that's badd as.
Are the network graph experimental visualizations not available for embed yet?
&& ALL the mommies out there ! && Single daddies ! :).
Really wants to get focus group together for #Baltimore scholarship program, need ideas from leaders in all walks of life, plz msg! Anyone?
RT : RT - Save the date: Feb 11th, major concert for #Haiti by
I've said the same thing! “: Why does everyone always have amazing sales the day before payday? That makes NO SENSE.
I feel you. Kinda feeling like taking a break from it too
Great and launches at the #eisummit this year. Good to see measuring soft skills become a focus for
My throat hurts & Imma be late for school. >_>
Good man. In NY now trying to live the dream, but im still in dc pretty often
Sweet, thanks for the support! <3
going out later and making plans for later on, hopefully going to the show on September 25th. Music is life!!!
Love Them Or Hate Them! You have the RESPECT The #DiazBrothers Ability To Fight! Them boys Can Flatout BANG!!!
I need to move out.
#FirstThingIDoInTheMorning roll over and go back to sleep
This art drama is out of control! We all just want the arts to thrive...right?
love surfing the web laughing at dumb shit lol if u do the same retweet or follow me
crook & opportunist--how about the sweat shops?
not dat fake purple, diz cat told me he had purple and it tasted like brown dirt
By "online workshop" do you mean exclusively via webcasting? Lots of genealogy orgs train people in paleography, but usually 1-on-1.
your a cum guzzler
Definitely worth a rewatch then. Especially now that you'll appreciate it when they talk about "Painless."
Let's wrap it up Big Blue #Giants!! Nice TD
Death at a Funeral Funny movie
I just found a bunch of tweeps in the realms of taxonomy, metadata, keywording, and digital asset management to follow.
Weekend promotion: enter "cyber" at checkout online and receive 25% off your order.
Not much were recording today :D
You're welcome ^_^
(the probability that we are living in an unsimulated universe) = 1 / ((number of universe that could ever be simulated) + 1)
Why do I even do anything other than read wonderful books and eat delicious food? Something about earning money for shelter, probably.
Iron Law of pricing complex projects: you never know EXACTLY what you need until the day before you have to report on it to your boss.
Just picked up my Hunger Clean-Up t-shirt! Looking forward to helping the #Mke community on Saturday with 's team
RT : #cloudforce Kundra talking about disruption and social revolution underway in tech
You think you're hot stuff with all that plastic, don't you.? You need a reality check, hunn.
thanks for the RT !!!
Also need to hear from our followers soon...HC Wake Forest is looking for a "high profile" male writer...have anyone in mind funny? Cute?...
I can't find Zhu Zhu.
Who trynna burn , ?
3D! let me know how it goes
Ha...asparagus. I just meant as opposed to another object.
can school just be over already?
FINALLY on the right train. I knew I couldn't leave Italy without at least one misadventure
I want to see THREE #Phillies batters walk every game.
Has Google *dramatically* changed its search algorithms? I'm finding it weirdly impossible to find what I'm looking for tonight.
is blogging about history as an open source.
Im new here so not too sure how this works but happy birthday
Had a great shoot with the peeps today. Thanks for letting me join your ride.
Thanks Bro! Looking forward to seeing you there. I definitely want some awesome FUPAC representation!
Robert screams ~ROBERT THE YOUNOW STRIPPER mom~ teresa wht r u doin~ me~ o nothinnn...
excuses excuses
Looking forward to it!
I'll call you tomorrow. I can't wait to see you!!
#Love hurts & 2Pac said #Fear is stronger than #Love & I say I will neva fall in love again...
You'll Never! Be me, so stop trying ; your loosing time to find Yourself...
Would be cool to service the companies on the West Side of the Flats this week. Like and
no fuckin duh it cole...O.o
I checked u in Cali so now u have to make a trip to H Town!
Freshmen trying to start stuff with me and
Stupid nigger ass bitch
wat r u doing ?
I wish there was sshfstab.
I'm guessing you're not watching the Grammys...
Our other location on Sandy Blvd is now open. Please drop by. Happy hour all the time.
I think I might have the wrong number, :( send me it again!!!! <3 cuz i texted and nobody answeered </3
I need 2 tix for your JJ show May 27th. We can meet at DFH for dinner and the exchange, yes?
Hi Mark - thanks for following Better Wine Guide! I'm always happy to know a fellow wine snob and a banker.
I'll bring some kerosene. And I'll be right there with ya... Maybe not so much there in mind. But physically I'll be there.
yepp! Be scared, or ima give yhu something to be scared about!
Quote: "Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens." JRR Tolkien
This two-hour Frontline episode has moved me beyond depressed to downright scared. I should just go to bed.
it's all fun and games til someone loses an I (eye) cause then our name is An.
JOhn hard to give the advice with guys on the DL...
Singer says inspiration from all corners of life as chats with her at last nights Glam
How is gay marriage illegal but that dude can marry bacon in a church?
Oh okay.
Kvelling. MT : #hhawards for Outstanding Supporting Actress, Res Play- Gabriella Fernandez-Coffey AFTER THE FALL !
I'm feelin myself. who wants to touch too?
#introvert MT Are you an introvert or extrovert? You'll network differently so it's helpful to know before you start planning
hehehe yes we know this!
No but seriously I have what appears to be a working 8mm film projector, if anyone can think of a use for that sort of thing.
yea! That and AP tests! Can you skype at 2 or 3pm my time, 3 or 4pm your time?
Joe Watkins: archaeologist take heritage and transform it into economically viable (indgenious populations viewpoint)
what happened
Ugh, knew wit all this crazy rain a migraine was comin soon. At least I have some time 2 relax b4 I gotta go 2 work 2night...
You know it. ;)
thx cuz! See ya soon with Devin the Dude??
is Pranking us!!!!!! #AprilFoolsDay what a prankster! (;
followed mee! This is an amazing surprise! Still pissed you didn't win American Idol! :O Even though that was a while ago :)
Great 4 mile run with Now for some food at yard house with and
Hi Duane! Great time to reconnect. Looking forward to catching up. Techrangers strong since 96. Merry Christmas! All the best
And it let's me make fun of new Yorkers. But all of it is just waiting around for Game of Thrones to start
oh yeah! Are Cameron and Taylor friends?
2nd St Jazz Bar in L.A. 2nite, gonna go c Eyeshine:)
Have a good afternoon everyone:)
we're getting some fun ones in tonight!
Thanks! Reading is always so much more fun when begging is involved. :)
lol. Send me the pic you want
'Its a Mad Mad World' may have been fun in it's time and era, but by today's standards, its a bad bad film. Great cast and cameos though.
Falling down the stairs fuckin hurts!!
we were probly the classiest 2:30 am customers they've ever had!
Feeling good is good enoughRT : Is in a good mood.
Brain Floss: Believe it or not, an asian elephant in Canada has crowns on his tusks! They weigh 28lbs each and are made of metal.
is it really u on ur icon ?
RT : Free $10.00 gift certificates! Lu Anders Boutique on Mineral Point Rd. today with code word found at www.phreeps.com
This Balvenie is perfect.
Today is a good day, bless up twitter fam.
Freedom the gym temp is warm.
bahaha did i say that?!
Can I geta thank God Hallelujah? :) <3 :)
It really depends on what type of job you're looking 4. But overall the market is decent. U just have to hustle when u get here.
Intel cards won't support it :P
Haha love it
Big weekend begins tonight. Here's to all of the #teamPSE rookies who have worked tirelessly to prepare for this moment.
#whosgonnalose - Washington at San Diego - Washington will lose
I didn't know jeff gordon played baseball.
Been fun, let's do this again...in 20 years - ready for live shows next week! RT : 20th ann. tribute to Sam Kinison on H100/H101
Everybody need somebody,sometimes<3
Lol. I've been that assistant, among the many jobs I've held in Hollywood before getting paid to write.
just saw Santa wakeboarding down the Willamette
College Book Art Assoc. exhibition, BIBLIOTECH opens today. Be sure to check out items from our own Grabhorn Collection while you're here!
happy #teenwolfing tonite!! Oh and fourth of july!! Rt if you love your fans who are skipping fourth to watch!
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy
"Every moment spent with you is a moment I treasure." ❤
I Love You Two
I'm the type to swallow the truth.. & belch reality
Still I rise, Still I fight, Still I might crack a smile keep my eye on the prize, see my haters tell em hi ;*
i hate sluts and whores.
oh. I would forgive you but your mean:'(<\3
Hi guys!:)idont feel well :(
we invited to the show tonight to talk about #winning between sets. my guess is he won't show
WTF NO I HAVEN'T!
Ask yo main bitch she know who I am ..
RT : Thx to all who tuned into MDA Telethon & supported good cause that brings hope to so many.
Wow. Last night in Lubbock for 3 months. SA tomorrow with and then until August!
SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT HBN – plz RT our updates – exciting things R happening & we want 2 share w/ EVERY1 – Thx 4 ur love/support–God Bless U
I've been going hard since Wed. It finally hit me 😖😷💤
Would you be interested in speaking for our PRSSA group next week? Feel free to DM me.
fight with me. oh yeah, thats great. and i'll disguise myself by having my account be a fan of someone else, when really all im gonna do >
Don't you suppose Warren Buffett's move on BoA is politically motivated? He is up to his shoulders in Democratic politics.
Have you ever considered writing a blog post for young people on why they should have life insurance/plan their estate?
My world
is there an audio books hashtag for #fridayreads?
There are some things you can hold off from fixing/changing in your apartment. Toilet paper is not one of them
Ok or a real big one:-)
aww i remember you would make those in 8th grade
Palin is so dumb she cant even answer Hannitys softball questions correctly
Awesome... thanks Kyle!
Chanting deport Chase as they pass the bank.
test test test
listening to Anne Willan talking about hot European cookbook history at , hahaha.
so does wine
By a great artist :) needs to be resized. I'll do that now :D RT : that is one fine look twitter avatar
so close to being done this monster-long fiction piece. Why does it have to be nearly 70 out? Must focus.
#Ravens reportedly take Kelechi Osemele from Iowa State at pick 60
'cause either way we both lyin' more than half of the time, except for when I’m home workin' on your graphic design.
*crip walks into ' mentions & waves* hhhhheeeeeyyyyyy :-)
HA!“: I thought a relationship was only made for two people, but obviously #SomePeopleDont know how to count.”
Chocolate and Strawberry cupcakes are baked. Now to icing and decorate early mañana.
with the fam, hoping my bro feels Betta soon!
Thanks to the leap year you have one extra day to redeem your 35¢ Garlic or Cinnamon Knot coupon! Hurry before it expires!
thank ya!!!! Post a video when you do! =)
Empire State is going great! It was suppost for we to be rehearseling but we are doing so great that we already started shooting it <3 Xoxo
Big weekend.Final Four Sat,but Sunday #WRESTELMAINA. My Pick= EX D-3 All-American O-line vs EX "D"line from the "U". Epic Battle
Such a great trip home!! :) now back to Texas
Just listen to the Pavement record. : )
Maddox on his way in from the bullpen, two outs, two men on for
Olive oil is your friend-helps to cut your risk of heart dis. Use it on salads or grilled vegs
Week end! Thank God its friday!!:)
Settin off my hubby's phone
check out the new mixtape from our artist K.P. While ur at it W.datpiff.com/profile/homicide112
lol im so pissed off at him I think he gave it to friend ... -___-
Shooting future soccer stars, proms and the stars today.
YWC : Many thanks for mentions & RTs!
No, I heard it wasn't really worth it.
Vampire diaries season finale....most insane thing i have ever seen in my life
Planned my trip to GB today. Cant wait for the season!!!!!
#asksuze my husband and I moved to Chicago for a job oppurtunity for him. Was it the right financial choice?
#whosgonnalose - New England at Buffalo - Buffalo will lose
Fabulous talk about poverty on #npr #onpoint with Tavis Smiley and Cornell West. A new book and discussion on living wage jobs for Americans
Great meeting with Source Local today. So excited for what they are doing! Next week a huge surge in CO products ! Come get it!
just my heartfelt thanks.
Thanks for coming! RT : Loved meeting you all!
Thinking of a day trip to Normandy while in France this summer,
Thank you !! shout out!
Thank you and be blessed in your walk as well!!!
New Jake and Kyle Show on www.wolfpackradio.com. Lots to talk about including and interview with Joey Shaw Forward for the Nevada bball team
Try "Road House" the movie!!!
I'm just gonna throw this out there...EROCK for President? Has a nice ring to it. EROCK
Number Game Tweet me numbers (:
I agree :( Let's change that soon?
Gettin my basketball fix right now, watching NBA TV!!!
#twitterpeopleIlove :) Love these people!
"I knew these girls real freaky I guess you could say she was a sex queen" Freaky Girls
GUYS. CLIPGRAB ISNT WORKING. doess anyone have swac clips/episodes. espically ones with chad and sonny. Please.
I've been listening to a lot of Black Sabbath lately!
Well here, we wouldn't be allowed to have volunteers staff it, but maybe in a bigger library? I would love to do it!
Brunch menu available from now till 3 pm, with 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas! What a great way to kick off this beautiful weekend.
Boris Diaw has had 11+ rebs in both gms this yr. He only achieved that 3 times all of last season.
that's wassup!
Hey you guys make sure you follow the band members and ! #goodnite ! With <3 ER
slackers. You have practice wednesday?
Fuck up Wit all these pussy rookie Mc's ...Smell like a bunch of pussy to me!!!!
Beyond twitter and Facebook, what social media platforms lend themselves best to sports coverage?
it's past ur bedtime shay
gives great tours of the amazing Heurich Haus Museum, one of DC's hidden gems!
S/o to the bitch niggas that hated and doubted, You have no idea bitch nigha thank you.
"Extended learning" is too formal for kids - how about "follow-up time", and stress how important it is in all aspects of life.
RT : RT : is a great storyteller - truly adores the young people of
You know, this has been really good. If it only had a better venue, but it's good & the staff deserve credit
i change my mind now cuz i'm sucking
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
Am I crazy thinking that? how wild can you be? and that's not the first time.
RT Teen pregnancy & HIV/STDs awareness is a LGBTQ & Heterosexual issue. We must be ALL INCLUSIVE! Stop separating them
Hey I changed my name what do u guys think
Success - They can because they think they can.
honestly think it'd be a better fight between me and Mayweather...my plan for him...whip his ass #ThatIsAll lol
No.it was a creative commons recording posted to Woices, a website that let's people post audio recordings of where they are
He's too stupid to live. Send out my address. My AK-47 says you won't
David Cordish is developing the "Maryland Live!" casino at Arundel Mills; He's concerned the proposed PG County casino would take business
hey are you still interviewing tabatha minchew today? The site is not showing it anymore?
#romanreloaded leaked!!! #Jammin!!! Time to party it up!! #SOOGOOD!!!!
Im Up, Extra Bored Lol
All my friends talking about baby stuff still doesn't make me want a baby
Nothin like watchin a bulls game in a chicago bar
who do you have?!
I think I'm gonna grow my hair out to its natural color
:-) CBTL is coming to washington state; where? #QFC of course--don't be silly
Hate to see Chauncey go
D3's March Madness. D3 extends good luck wishes today to: M.P., E.M., C.S., E.L., E.Y., as well as C.L. and I.S.! Good luck to all D3 cands.
i love watching you play im a huge fan just wanted to say hello:)good luck this season im going to try and go see a game live!
i just followed him :) and i need more followers D:
hi peoples
Sure. Please remind me next week and I'll send it to you.
When friends offer to buy drinks at flannery's, you can't leave flannery's. I think that's a rule.
Pacers got a win wow..I think Miami was a little emotional that they didnt have Chris Bosh in battle with em tonight
Richmond, Va concert was crazy. Had a blast playing with some monsters for a Jazz Festival down there. Hope to do it again soon!!
first shoveling of 2012
dear im very proud to be a belieber, i luv yaa <3 follow me #neversaynever maybe #someday is today ?! <3
Everyone is getting pregnant like its a trend.
We like the way you think! RT: Sunbelt Granola Bars>>>>>
I can get you whatever you need... you looking for singles or package production?
Can you PLEASE address the electoral college? And get rid of it, so EVERY vote counts? Maybe more people will VOTE!
I really like that "Credit Wipeout" Free Credit Report . com commercial. They be jammin.
has a snow emergency been declared for tonight?
yes yes and yes! Can't wait to meet in person Rebecca!!
i love MWC<3 #MDubArmy for life<3 !wish me luck at my dance competition this Saturday?<3
I still jam to My Beautiful Dark Fantasy hard af.
My running group starts on the day it snows. I think there's a sign in there somewhere.
Hes going around giving speeches preparing kids for it and the system of how it works
do you have a link for that article?
You should quiz the rep on the terms and conditions. I bet they haven't even read it themselves. :)
Sitting with my bestie and enjoying Pinot Grigio thinking of how we can conquer the world artistically and immediately
Without me, how much less sparkly would SE Mich be? Seriously, would you not miss me ;)
MY MOM TOLD ME IF I WANT BELIEVE TICKETS I HAVE TO SELL MY TRAMPOLINE LOL OK
Need 2 fill a basket? We've got tons of beautiful purposeful playthings that will brighten UR day! Stop by & we'll help U pick a few goodies
Having the same birthday as Jim Morrison is the kick-assiest gift every year. I just wish I looked as good in head to toe reptile skin...
Your very welcome.. :)
definitely. How are things?
Brazil’s Maracanã Stadium Continues to Cut Seating for Locals | Keku Blog - new blog, PLS check out, like, and RT!
Good morning and Happy Friday tweeps. We must seek joy in our lives so we have some to spread to the world. Be blessed.
RT You should help get to 5400 followers. And listen to some Icelandic lullabies, too. They are both awesome.
Don't you think Uthoff should have spoken face-to-face w/ Ryan just once before airing a DAILY blow-by-blow with the media?
Raising over $100k in 10 weeks for #llsusa is remarkable! RT: #overwhelming but
WheN U SuspecT ThaT Sum1 IS NoT LookinG OuT FoR UR BesT InteresT; ChanceS R; TheY Ain'T..
A7 Keep vitamins on the counter next to my breakfast.
Please tell me you have seen the old man on pawn stars. They just bought a Shelby cobra and I swear to God it's Dad.
#Lovin this weather...wish I didn't have 2 work!!
Happy Thanksgiving!
For every new follower on FB, TW or Pinterest for Tomlinson's, they'll donate $2 to Animal Trustees of Austin. So follow them now!...
thanks for RT
The People Vs. George Lucas, just showed up in my instant queue! -A-
I love all you tweets! You're so sarcastic and halarious in the morning! Also, very good athlete!
I'm back from New England. Keri Lynne Pratt's wedding was amazing! I love New England in the fall. But now I'm back to the Hollywood hustle
Spent last night at the MGM Grand at Foxwoods! Holla!
- I'm a current FIOS TV customer. Have any double play bundles for FIOS internet and Directv? Not looking to add phone
sitting on my porch reading
ugh save me some...my family is having turkey
This should be a good conference call if anyone wants to join in at 4pm tomorrow.
Daughter making pancakes and only plan for today is watching football
New Photos:) Check em out and lets us know what you think?
Never regret anything that has happened in your life. It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten so take it as a lesson learned and move on.
You're making me miss Virginia pretty hard right now. There are a shortage of porches in Paris :(
MEN: Eat fruit, on a daily basis, bc your girlfriend will really appreciate it, when she swallows & taste apples & oranges instead of salt
When receiving her key... "oh it's actually my key!!!!!!" and she danced!
lol I still call rhat a foyl, no bribing the interviewers! :-)
Allow no limitations to be defined on your behalf - image what you can become.
So awesome last night on when won said "nobody but Jesus, Nobody!". That was awesome and this man can sing!
"My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever." Psalm 73:26
This long primary has revealed, 1 by 1, the inherent weakness of each candidate. Santo, a good man, but undisciplined candidate":
#celticschat The C's have gotta keep the offence under control.
yo joe. I hear your name every once in a while between noa emily and mer.
Got my boots in the mail:D
Happy New Year to all of you. Make 2012 count, be true to your self and follow your dreams.
So can I be considered a native if I stick Irene out?
LeBron James missing as many free throws as he is chromosomes.
Bored. Ready for 730.
follow and please :D x78
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his. Bobby Darin
What are the best #blackfriday deals you guys got at local Milwaukee businesses this weekend?!
Her smiles are as fake as your promises.
is the pick up a book a challenge...?
#hiring an experienced direct mail/digital print sales person in #Philadelphia PA
Some girls need to eat makeup so they can be pretty on the inside.
I think chutzpah remains the only proper word. Thanks for the reminder. My ancestors would be proud.
use protection kids.
COULDN'T AGREE MORE!
for a second I thought you meant he had rap battles with Zayn. I was enthused. Now I am unenthused.
Netflix with it
And thanks for the follow. Stalking -- er -- FOLLOWING you back...heh heh....um...AWKward...heh heh
Man i fuckn love me some
College of Arts and Sciences offers four new minors
good luck on that! Enjoy the day!
#IThankGod for everything! He is my #teacher, my #savior, my #firstLove, my #everything, my #father, my #rock, my #strength, my #foundation!
Yes! We still want empanadas at Union Station today!
#bizforum the world needs more Info Saras!!
was my first follower
Just got home from the worst an best night ever
Great morning!
A1: Perception is something serious... You can just perceive that I have a sense of entitlement.
Have a great day! Summer is coming to an end so let's make it a safe one.
at least you get me t nasty
I sleep more because I can control my dreams. Dreams right now, are better then my reality
time for me to stop being scared and to just go for what I want
Going back to the past, what does that solve? Nothing.
I can't stop missing my roommates though...
Austins new song. R.I.P ovaries
We've got a show TONIGHT! David Rogers & Bobbie Morrone will be playing at 7pm! 15% of artist's favorite drink! Bring friends!
I'm friendly. If someone was staring at me at a stoplight, I wouldn't say "Wtf you lookin' at" I'll say "Hi :)"
Gotcha. It's a must-have for a Mac, the next update will make the iPhone app the mail app killer tho.
#bitcheswhowontdateme Fat white women!
Report from the Boston front: premonitions of winter now becoming expressions of winter (in the form of large wet snowflakes).
The hypertext structures you build should be related to the story you're telling.
I felt dream about you that your #Incredible #Singer on Everyone loves you to watch. #LoveU ;)
'i want your face painted in my heart and i told the painter that it can't be erased'
Time out during the Little League game: snake crossing the 3rd base line, heading to the mound.
Soo angry right now
"the twist is much too strenuous to be as wicked as it looks" 1960s NBC response to the discovery of
I could literally stare my blog for hours, the moving water background it has is so relaxing.
see you said it yourself is a stud :p
I dunno:3 I like them both^o^
One working escalator at medical center. And it's not going up.
Why the FUCK havent they opened the big yellow slide to the public yet?
Oh no!! Whats the problem? I'd be happy to help if I can :)
Why do bus drivers always have to be so rude? Just because you didn't get an education and drive a bus doesn't mean you have to be bitter.
Do Not Disturb: #np 'Wake Up'
“: #teamdictator all day just push them down u get the girl I got the sister”
was good
Winter Storm and Blizzard Watches in effect for much of Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Region for Tues/Weds storm
Watching "The Beaver" starring Mel Gibson.
On my mama u cant get a piece of tissue tu wipe ya ass from me freaky ass bitch
Either way, the aggressor is the asshole who exited his vehicle. He's not an official authority. No one has to answer to him.
woot, woot! <3 marketing already RT Excited to welcome to - newest member of the awesome & growing team!
Businesses will want to cut budgets this year; however, advertising will shift it's budget toward social media, mobile, and SEO.
GOD MORNIN :-) HAVE A KILLER DAY :-)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRA you're a Cinco De Mayo baby - Shots & Dranks 2nite
You know you live in a college town when you see someone eating breakfast on the way to class and it happens to be pizza.
(hmm we need to get Fran on Twitter) We are all looking forward to your visit. Safe travels!
Lucy van Pelt describes Snoopy's brother Spike as "part beagle, part disaster" ... Lucy obviously never met Kosmo.
Doing a That's BS! office photoshoot.
You have them hanging up in your house or a studeo? Terrific works of art.
My phone is possessed tonight. If you get a phantom call I apologize. I promise it's not a pocket dial..i have no pockets
yess doo please and thank you much love <3 ♥ ♥
This explains everything. RT : you *are* a fairy.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you're ready to save when you get to Tally
How about twins?
I dont walk... the world moves under my feet
Everyone so angry at work today... almost... free...
I love everyone who loves me period!...and then some, I wasn't raised to hate. Happy New Year Family
How was everyone's weekend? Let us know!
I like the Rueben Randle pick for the Giants. Gilbride loves 3 WR sets, 3rd wideout is like a starter for NY.
Wait. Do Jack Black and Fergie have matching outfits?
Too bad TRU TV doesn't have a Twitter acct. so I can personally ask 4 more episodes of Forensic Files and less of these damn reality shows!!
Sweet! If you/they ever need to refer to someone in Charlotte, NC... :) Looking forward to the tweets.
Goodbye cookies, M&Ms, Nutella, dark chocolate almonds, froyo, cupcakes and cakeballs. You've been so good to me.
Oh no. Hope u feel better soon.
Now im all stressed out. I'm already in debt over their last tour... How am I supposed to swing this one too?!
Agreed. It must be addressed at a system level and supported by administration. One or 2 people can't just decide this.
So much to do today, big things are afoot
Marty Golden is the oldest of 8 children born to Irish immigrants who settled in Bay Ridge. Marty & wife Colleen have 2 kids Michael & P.J.
may I have some? :)
Right after we smoked that joint the cops came shit was too scary..
Neptune and Ganymede are my two favorite planets tbqh.
Heyy that's me :)
Sippin on my tea, about to chug some Chia Seeds, then getting ready to go on a run with my
That was GREAT!!!
Sitting in a Park West art auction on a cruise ship. The guy is really working the audience. A true master of schmutz.
Amen to that sister
Great day for a walk! Can you believe it's nearly 50 degrees in Jan.?! Stop by to see us at Lake Bluff! 1300 N. Prospect
Good morning! I only have 4 days of school left! Ah! :]
....as part of settlement for healt-related lawsuits brought against tobacco companies. NC is one of those states, I believe
headed to Connections n Vegas. We don't want what happens in Vegas to stay in Vegas! Come check out
:/ my sister always does that.. & my brother...... He's just psycho. How olds your brother?
nice not yet where is it?
wake me up - ed sheeran
RT Digital Preservation people, I'm writing about emulation vs. migration strategies. Opinions?
Hey quick question, for the game on saturday are we allowed to bring a guest as long as they buy the $7 ticket as usual?
I vote changing it to 'Sloths & Cowboys' (:
#FoodieFriday live Facebook chat with is starting now! Come get all your health & nutrition questions answered!...
Wouldn't miss it! RT ": ": #SommChat with Doug Frost MS, MW --DOUG'S THE MAN!”
TOTW is now ARTS FEST - and biennial. Look that up in your Funk and Wagnells
I work out because I know I would die first in the Hunger Games.
RT “: Today has been a chilled day so far ^.^”
..!!-- SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..$2 DRINKS..SEE THE VIDEO--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
I don't mind Justin, not at all. It's his psycho fans like you that make me irritated at him. I'm done now. Goodbye weirdo.
Thanks for the RT about my travel tip!
Study the menu before you go. Decide what you are going to eat before you ever step into that dangerous restaurant!
