Happy Birthday, and Jenny Miramontes! We will be singing 'Love You Like a Love Song' tonight! :)
#PlanetFitness late night workout
looking forward to taking my husband and 10 year old daughter to First Steps LA!
VERY INTERESTING WEBSITE! GO ORIGAMI!
RT : You Niggaz Smoke Good But I Stay Higher
Marlin a fool
Great season from LP--superhero epic "Men of Steel", murderous suburbanite video game "Neighborhood 3" and CoLab's Meth Proj!
Dm.: no sorry that was my fault
Even the moon came out for Cinco De Mayo.
Gas / Food Never Pay, www.downow.info I am giving 125 leads a week, enroll www.dowsite.info, no one gets hurt, only helped
You should be a guest food blogger for 's authentic eats!!!!
Michael Floyd to the Cardinals. Him and Fitzgerald are about to get after it!
Unfortunately not attending #sdsms, but will be following & for updates! Great insight already!
Ah well. It's Project Runway in all of its Project Runway-ness!
Following -1 Followers 0 (Twitter Hiccup)
A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
Paramount PR is hiring: part-time assistant. Must have college degree and had a PR internship. Send resume: .
ya you nba refs need to start showing denver love you help the clippers win that was some bs!
what's good?
. Thanks, ladies. Morgan Fay White is wonderful in every way! More photos soon :-)
check out I<3 video in Austin. I love that place!
Current tab up on #Chrome - The 'Albino Squirrel Preservation Society.' I'd pay someone a lot of money to trace how I ever ended up there.
desserts or bread?
hey who's your favorite team for the
I just discovered that every day on my commute to/from work I've been driving by Wayne Newton's house. There's a jet in his backyard.
Laundry & the B.Ball Game ! #LetsGoCeltics !!
he path to success is to take massive, determined action
It's such a beautiful day--on so many levels!
what's the best social business you know of? are there others like TOMS only better?
You don't have the time to write your book so let us create it for you so you can become a published author in no time! -Your Thoughts, LLC
"Libraries are places where the imagination begins"--Heather Barbieri, author
Tomorrow #eyetracking glasses on tour in stpoelten austria www.eyetracking-glasses.com
For sure, the pain is NO fun.
thanks for a great presentation. My favorite at #sxswi thus far. And I like your sweet arm warmers.
dance competition in Memphis tomorrow. Ah I'm SO excited!!!!!!!!!
Matt is right on this. Often guys don't realize the power of simple authentic praise.
“Find out where people are going and get there first!” – Mark Twain
Beautiful spring day in NYC! Who's going to go out there and shoot it?
They are being very control freak about when I wash my hands.
Was great to hear at the #PRSAPhoenix media breakfast this morning!
Negative people are like "stink bugs", they just keep multiplying. Avoid the negative people, they will make you one too.
Is because we didn't want to sound ghetto! Totally TCBFFAE
How are You?
#88 | Art will no longer be silent and last on the list...
y do u pinch ugly kids? What did they ever do to u? Lol
Fast Facts: Lethargy is tiredness. This is sometimes constant in children affected by metabolic disorders.
Watchingg new cover of Cry Me A River by Justin Timberlake!! It's amazingg! Love it Austin! <3
ONE WORD TUESDAY!!!!! My word today: Driven!
Mastermind going down!
thank you
Having a read through of my script today! Very excited!
miss me already?
": This game got me shaking like im on the court!!! #TeamLakers"<<< lol me too
O.o
or go round and round in the spinning door
what? And u aint added me on the ps3 bruh lol
Thanks for sharing the blog!
Ice Bath 
are you a singer or model?
Why did you give them that much the US dollars?
RT : A team of strangers on a bus traveling at 60 miles/hour have 3 days to build and launch a startup...
RT : When the Dodgers play the Rangers, are we actually going to get to see any of the game in between shots of Magic and Nolan?
grt piece today. reveals to me more than editorial, that the pageview based rev model is what needs more innovation/change
I want to fight Suzie!
We discuss what's building (or soon will be) across SD County. New homes, commercial construction, remodels, etc.
oh my, i'm so sorry! just saw your message. i'm emailing you right now.
doing it now.
I'm scared. this girl with 0 followers, 0 following and 0 tweets just tweeted me a link
Alexander Meigs Haig~ I probably carry more scar tissue on my derrire than any other candidate-thats political scar tissue.
there both full of caffiene and anti oxidants .. its a win win .. kinda :)
Happy Saturday!
Tell all your friends that Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie is going to blow their minds at Tribeca.
I'd say Rip Hamilton is healthy again... Monster game so far!
Either you just watched the A Team reboot or the old HDS videos. Which is it.
Tragedy in Jax yesterday-a murder suicide...apparently over a lost job. There is hope & its not in jobs, money, or people. It's in Christ.
Maybe if I just act like I'm doing my work I'll be alright
dude #Bieber is way cooler than Tim allen !!“: you would support Bieber.And yet u get onto me for liking Tim Allen
i had to turn imessage off because they all get sent to my parents email or something weird
@ Abq. City council meeting
watch the second quarter it didn't make sense. I really didn't think it was real. But it was. Offensive foul n tick tack
Love all you guys hell of a game way to back me up.
Good Morning
#FF This system is doing huge things for us right now. Watch out for these guys!
4 away from 2000! Can your friends help?
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho hash tag on Facebook...
Happy weekend, Mark!
Well hold on now. Some Ricky Gervais cartoon nutso stuff on Let's set up Kerry's iPad another day! This is better and easier.
BAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA so true 😜
Encourage your child to eat healthy foods, get plenty of physical activity and maintain a healthy weight.
Awesome, thank you! I really appreciate it.
No, cutting doesn't mean I'm looking for attention. It just means I'm hurting...really bad...
I just want you , you & only you. That must be too much to ask.
That man is me, that man is me
19 days till #GirlsNightLive will be at Bellevue Christian Center in Bellevue, NE!!! Retweet if you are coming!!!
Yesterday it was sunny & 65 - today it is snowing! At least I have a hot chai.
yuck! Hope you feel better soon!
Who's Wearing Green?? :-)
Wish my baby sister the best of luck at her interview today
now that's funny!!!
“: #Pisces prefers sex in the dark.” that is true ;-)
lol you silly... I'm down
OMG its birthday tomorrow and i wanna say HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN ! <3
CORVETTE AND ROCKSTAR BIKE ALMOST DONE!!!!!!
I will gladly celebrate cinco de mayo by myself. I do not want to be accompanied by them. -.-
I want Chinese food..
I guess it only took two weeks for the cracks to start coming out...
RT : "If you do not stand firm in your faith, you will not stand at all." Isaiah 7:9
I want a bad bytch wit good pussy and mean head!
Yes we Did! Thank you for everything. Venue, food and your folks were wonderful!
You really got a hold on me.
We kick off our panel with a constrained film noir video edited by It's the first of her work publicly shown in LA!
yes! I will tweet all about it this summer.
The Wilpons, Madoff, Woody clown and Rexy bear are way up there with Dolan. The Jets circus will hit full stride very soon.
Totally, moreover the concept of community is expanded w/ internet based peer support; a real-life supporter is priceless
whats the spread in vegas for heat game
Glad you could join us!
You reblogged something about your mom for mothers day? She must be so proud.
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)m
- THANKS MANG!!! BC/AD KILLS IT!!! RAWWWWR!!
Only paying attention to the ones that matter you know who you are<3 :*
Hah! RT : RT : Maybe I'll spice things up in the bedroom and be the big spoon for a few nights.
The NFL combine is exactly how I imagine a slave auction would have been. lol
I think you have to get a summer pass
Yes! RT : home alone, national lampoons christmas vacation
After you've made purchases online, check your e-mail. Merchants often send confirmation e-mails or other communications about your order.
I am here guys... 22 games in a & it's time for THE Marlin fan & lover of baseball to be with you guys nightly.
Today's Feature: Traditional Carbonara w/ linguini, ham, red peppers, Edamame & garlic cream sauce Soup: roasted butternut squash
This is wk to do all the ridiculous things ppl say u can't do @ 30. But next wk realize u get 2 do it all over again! Lol.
we are gen x, for Malcolm... Lol
- thanks, Simon!
Only to a certain extent. There would be rounding up & rounding down to the nearest 0 or 5. The convenicence would be worth it
Rodney Carrington is playing at the Verizon Wireless Center tonight He has to be one of the most unique entertainers there is!
Happy birthday #libchat. You don't look a day over 0.
a sideshow, really. That's sorta insulting.
Just do it
#Pirates need to _____ to start winning. The blank cannot be filled. It is the blackhole of answers. Void of hope.
“: I want macdonalds.”
affected by MN gov't shutdown--may affect 32 partners in 10 states + DC participating in Preserving State Gov't Info project
Thank you! I may even agree with you on some of the tweaks (not that I have a say).
general strikes are illegal in this country (can you imagine?). Tomorrow should be interesting indeed.
Amazing the comparisons in their proball careers between this kid and the kid we should have drafted to begin with, Tim Lincecum.
💗 hope yall's day is going well! Updating soon~ love you holland!
Lincoln: "Liberty to all-the principle that clears the path for all-gives hope to all-and by consequence, enterprise, and industry, to all."
Its way to early for a saturday!!!
Anytime brother. Looking forward to working together.
I'm such a twitter slacker. I will try to do better!
My little guy is turning 6 months today! How shall we celebrate?
If you could choose any celebrity to be your partner in this week's Streak, who would it be??? and no choosing Chuck Norris.
oh i was wish i was rich and had that water bed
I had a great time too. Hope you enjoy your time today.
Ohh my gosh!!! blew me away with that version of "99 Problems"!! It reminded me of Hugo's version. I'm so in love<3
spank you!
I remember Rob and Billy stepping away to record that...turned out great.
My mom thinks she gonna get drunk off two Margaritas
how could u not? Lol
Just signed up to hear #ROC Mayor Richards at Leaders Studio May 24.
this could be a long night....
“: We salute John Glenn, the first American to orbit the Earth, today on the 50th anniversary of his historic launch... .”
happy to have your #attention! want us to pay some #attention to someone in #pgh?
The Nomad School for Winners... leave the Brick & Mortar School for Losers.
:c im sorry
for real send me ya shit
Firefox, I love everything about you except your memory leakage
Bobo, Hugh Campbell, Gail Cogdill and John Chaplin set to be at the Cougar Legends presented by Sterling Bank!
Attn: #Baltimore -non-profit scholarship program April 3rd needs contestants/sponsors: www.DistinguishedYW.org
me :D XD since we havent talked in ages :P
is a great guy or what?
Started back 30 min ago. Just got a guy to open shove q9 CL?? On k35 flop one club when I had kk. 115k
thank you for the follow
ATTN: TRILATERAL COMMISSION MEMBERS AND AMNESIAC COURIERS -- coded message coming in case my paranoia is real but only tied to social media
Low humidity = time to explore the North Side on foot and enjoy Korean tacos at delseoul.com
glad you know the difference hahaha
#NowPlaying: Juvenile – Back That Thing Up
followed :D
I was just so humiliated and I don't think my kids were acting anything over what a normal kid acts like, maybe just cause I know them
The furthest travelers from the conference today are from England, Holland and Australia!
what you doing 2ma?
they really could. whats their age difference?
Happy Mom's Day to all!
very close! Are you doing the Mexican Hat Dance?
Thanks for the cool shout out!
and ethan took faye's granddad's one from charles???
awesome. Ive been composing my TIATTY post all day in my head...tomorrow will be my day
Meeting today to try and figure out how to implement CC standards. Struggling with how to implement district wide, any ideas welcome???
go big girl wat u go do lol
Just because you hot doesn'tgive you an excuse to be a complete asshole
I do!
Let Go and Let God
sad to miss the last game. Go Red Hawks!
Me too. I'll pray for you. I'm watching Dance Moms Miami.
Excuse the swag i'm trying to tone it down like Jenny Craig
she'll always be there with you hun. xx
I might be at the Tavern, but I'm still drinking #craftbeer and checking in with
am I forgetting something? Besides my exit 30miles ago?
Sustainability should be practiced every day. not just on
For those of you who still don't know-- we're installing new, BETTER equipment! We will be back on fm when the installation is finished!
is that what its going to be? That's great makes me happy!
I've had sun poison before it does hurt like hell
Travel Impressions offering vacay for skiers in Colorado, Lake Tahoe or Utah w/Seize The Slopes promo a free night on 4, 5 or 7-night stays
Happy Valentine Day♥
All FCF family and anyone else that whats to join us tomorrow evening at 6 pm - Calvary Walk thru Eleanor. Meet at industrial park entrance.
if I don't follow you back it's because twitter has imposed the 2000 follow limit
This is going to be a great Summer! Have you booked your Makeup Artist for your wedding? Email me at
You ain't the only one who tryina be the only one. But your already the only one.(:
When I get on my bed I always forget to bring what I got down for in the first place.
Save the Date... Saturday June 2 ....for something Enchanting!
The only saxophones I can put up with! Miss you three. :)
The story of Reddit starring Adam Sandler should guarantee that Razzie nod.
oh ok, one of my friends read it and said she found a lot of typos. She's the only one to mention it though, so now I'm
Sounds awesome, Kyle! I'm sure I'll get my turn to travel overseas one day soon :-) Can't wait...
Josh, listening to Wu-Tang: "no, they don't sound high as shit at all!"
Please Join Us: Newark Master Plan Meeting Mount Pleasant/Lower Broadway & 7th Ave Barringer High School 90 Parker Street-May 21st at 6pm
Good luck!
Oh, I got ya.
it seems like i'm not gonna be able to finish my nhs hours :( this semester's been beyond hectic. i'll do better next year though.
Gotta put some things on hold smh
this is best shot until next year. We are in line for the number 1 & 2 recruit.Noel could be better than Davis on defense.
What we eating
Was rooting for Game Of Thrones but am still happy with the Boardwalk Empire win
I've cut one system - working my brain through cutting a 2nd - cut several specials...
no you do lol
Bet y'all don't know what FISH means. It's the new YOLO.
I'm talking about you tweeting about a camping shelter made of recycled crap!!
Vengeance is the Lord's! Shut your mouth! TD Jakes
Just yelled DIE MOTHERF**KER! while spray-killing a bug.
Q5.1? We have a policy card, written by our library board & we remove political/religious stuff and hand them a copy of the policy.
it's 2am already? i should go to bed, i've to get up at 6am tomorrow, good night everyone, sweet dreams :)
Where is my bestie when i need them
Come to for grand reopening w/
Art history shouldn't be boring... is it the teacher?
Watching the Packers game on our two-hours old flat-screen. Hello, 21st century! Woot!
DVR and Netflix give me life
I made a new friend today .... yay vans daughter is so sweet and funny
LMAO oh boy he did the bullshit -.-
Its a fact, is the greatest #artist of all time. And thats no lie.
Matthew Jensen of the shares with CNN details from the amazing rescue of 3 children after a car slid into an icy river in Utah
middle of July!
sounds like you've learned from experience?
We are changing the game # from #ganechanger to
( I know why the dog howls at the moon. )
Done with the benefit for patrick harris, me and had fun. Fugetaboutit.
don't be scared. i installed it already on my GalaxySII. it's beautiful.
I see the schedule change didn't filter through to the REAL NZ website - will fire an email that way now...
Dim and Den Sum in Cleveland! It's amazing! RT : What city makes you green with food truck envy?Where should Big D look...
Dipping out of Python and doing speed critical stuff in C reminds me of a passage in Walden about brushing against the bottom of the pond.
I would like to be submit for this role. What do I need to do in order to be considered?
Just walked into Kauffman Stadium - last game for a while...
RT : "Jewish camp is where Jewish kids find their Jewish pride."
ur the most beautiful girl I've ever seen
hey luke I have some original effects In mind but I don't know how to go about creating them!!
voxer is a walky talky app and snapchat is a picture app.
So cute! I'm happy that you had this happy day!
Thank you for the feedback. iphone app will be updated shortly. Right now, we're working on #ripple #iPad application!
And it was a girl xD lmfao! So me and my bro started laughing histerically!!.
Grizzline was off the chain, my dad made a vide
WHEN IS OUR PROJECT DUE?!
The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore, my favorite of any of the 51 #Oscars nominees I have watched!
Haha second time that shit happened.
Got HD? San Diego listeners - We're back on , so if you have it in your car, give a listen @ 96.5 FM, channel 2.
I'm on my second iced venti unsweetened green tea of the morning and am full of donut-shaped sugar. Bring it,
People complaining about how they won't have anywhere to go during thier lunch break now that Borders is closed. :(
Where has the loving people gone these days? Such a sad times these days. They only think of people after there living on the street.
good to know! I always assume that every question/answer just turns into gold as soon as it happens inside the studios :)
having hard time w/Google Translate--what is this story in English? Hope you are doing well.
I am <3ing Google Docs. So fluid like cupcakes dreams. OMG, so glad to meet you!
You had me at a raccoon in Jim Jams.
harry Potter fan!
A "Jiffy" is an actual measure of time at 1/100th of a second. Thus the saying, "I'll be there in a jiffy."
Today is day 1 of 2 in Sutherlands Springs, Tx :-) will be performing there. Time 2 share the Gospel through our music! 😁✌
is it wrong that I want to make the stuffing and skip the mushrooms?
Getting paid to be warm, watch movies, and order take out takes some of the sting out of staying in on a Saturday. Actually I'm loving this.
Welcome Jessica, North St. Louis at Camille!
Catching up on "Work of Art," which is awesome. The book covers challenge is fantastic... Pride and Prejudice as nude bathroom portrait
I won staring just gotta win talking ;D
''Ke$ha is a beautiful woman.'' -Dirt Nasty
Holy F this hail is madness!
yeah, but what happened to Teal? Smh
oh man... last year and had beer and wine licenses at tavern on the green. food and beer is bestest
points out that it's the old Uncle Lee's building Clarke asked to condemn not Mr. Lee's.
I've been drawing crazy lately.
Props to these people on #CBS with the Get Golf Ready program. I would lose my patience teaching them.
I can totally understand why!! You 2 are a BEAUTIFUL couple!! Congratz!!
All of the juco sites said he was visiting Thursday. Did this change?
We can all dye our hair red & drink ginger drinks & eat ginger snaps all night long! But in all seriousness: Let's do it.
The Shower was a success and the Mural is finished! Can't wait to see the nursery all set up!
Prayers said for all. : Tweethearts, Our dog, William is in final stages of congestive heart
It's a step above a methadone clinic, and many steps below the 7-11 at 23rd and Penn.
Omg,this guy looked so cute after.school!
there are mcdonalds there too? I promised my guts I will not torture them like that anymore
good writing morning. Now time to do other things.
Talking to - looks like we will be on live TV during the morning show tomorrow at 7:45 to talk about the event.
Send me a pick of your house in the L.I.?!?
At the scent of me he barked shortly
#What2ChainzWouldSay I got five kid they Rugrats I'll punch you where yo nose at My shit hot from East to West I fuck yo moms Delonte West
One track mind...... Can't keep up with mine.
No earmarks, says Obama! I can get behind that.
Breakfast in bed breakfast n head
: Glad to hear our gummy vitamins helped; thanks for spreading the word!
nm. im bored and need some followers. you?
Claude Giroux just made Chara look like a little girl on that play. Two pretty, pretty goals so far.
is just trying to keep the Titan faithful from rioting...GREAT feeling here in Denver on their chances!!
This game has gone by fast
": many thanks!!" Do you have a portfolio? Id like to partner up with you for t shirt designs.
us new yorkers keep it real #realGswag :)
Men...don't let the pink bottle fool you! Lose weight and live healthier with Skinny Fiber. Here's a video testimonial as proof. Order...
Pasting is about 73% of most professional writing tasks, by my estimate.
REALLY?!! Dude!! Let's meet up!!! I'll be at around noon. Still looking for someone who'd like to join me for free.
. Yes, we will also have projected subtitles. Enjoy the show!
look at the tweet i sent
No longer going to text back. -_-
1 of the best movie quotes I've heard in awhile,"We're sexual beings. It is the denial of it that gets us into trouble."
welcome to all my new followers and thanks. I promise not to disappoint. Thanks
Solid weekend of gigging, despite a weather cancellation. This week: back to the woodshed.
were u at class
this explains why you aren't in your office.
that's what's she said!!!...loll
Exhibition: Journeys in Beadwork at Shipley Art Gallery - Journal Live
pretty easy dayy... i like those dayys
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name.
I love pabst, pabst pabst pabst. Here it goes down, down into my belly.
While I dance I can not judge, I can not hate, I can not separate myself from life. I can only be joyful and whole.
Well goodnight everyone hope you all have a great night
What kind of game am I missing!?
yall know I'm on twitter, right? ;)
Thank you, darling!
Happy Mothers Day to all those mamas out there!!
“ You won't control a #Libra, ever! We may game you, let you think you're leading, but it's always our game. #rememberthat”
If you allow yourself to be offended by every single little thing in the universe...boy, is your life gonna suck! Pick your battles.
Surprise night off of work...out on the lake with a drink in my hand
great presentation...I will forward this on for sure!
me too and tanning always fun.
Good day everyone! Have a blessed day
If you have questions, feel free to email them to .com
awkward or murder moment?
For some reason my middle name #Anthony is not on my readers card
making a mix of my fav songs from last 10 years.. 75% of the songs are kanye west or songs produced by West, he dominated the last decade
Lol, my dad's from Memphis & my Mom's from Mississippi
That would been a bright idea! Lol
YAY you won tickets to Tiger and Woods this Saturday ! email us your contact info at ASAP
go to sleep at 5:30-accomplished. Wake up at 8:53-accomplished, drink five cups of coffee-halfway accomplished .-.-
well you are the freshest of the fresh
On this day in history, 1921, the Band- Aid was invented, keeping festering zombie bites clean for 90 years!
Due to a suggestion from a friend, I believe I have the swagger to pull off the golf wardrobe of Ricky Fowler this spring/summer
great First/Last, Hugh.
rated next generation killed it
"Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?" - Eliza Dushku.
Yes! RT : A3. Exceptional customer service.
*possible sarcasm detected* confidence level: 85%
If shopping bring your receipts to Guest Services and help local schools earn points for cash prizes!
Who has resigned their lease?
Taking my ass to sleep, this job is working the hell out if me. GN!
I did laundry this weekend too.. for some reason it's still in a pile...unfolded! what a weekend ;)
Im always falling asleep somewhere lol
MYAH! Come whenever you want. Britt and Shannon are coming after school.
Staying up late futzin on Wordpress... feels good to create something jazzy. My contacts are stuck to my eyeballs.
Thx big time, Tarik. Monumental cover.
i wanna go bowling again!!!#hadsoomuchfun:D
Facebook is the leading cause to cell phone battery deaths.
Oh THATS FUNNY!!! Insure me BABY!
oh, got the dress and shoes. Thought of you and asked if both came in men's sizes. Good news...
Also... I finally discovered Fleet Foxes.
thanks for the mention #worldslargest #photography. Hope you liked the exhibit
I want that to be us one day lol!!<3
The phrase, "Hot as balls." comes to mind.
when that Ross and meek mill collab comeing
Talking to him just makes me feel a whole lot better. (:
but niall's just looking down at you
Would be going to #Greenfest2012 @ SDSU if #Tpain wasn't the main act.
Ill be posting it soon
HEAD OF THE CLASS network administrator needed in houston..
Can you please suggest more quotes? I was making my own generalization in everything that was written in this blog
it's just amazing to me that people think this is an effective rhetorical tactic among adults.
Looking forward to today's on technology Head to Leo's dining room downstairs at 5:00 PM today to take part!
Have only played around with the Android tablet once. Prob need to check it out again :)
Lovesick Clothing is selling shirts to raise money for Japan at 18th/Baltimore-come say hi!!
Doe it make me a super creep if I added his girlfriend cause I wanted to see what inspire his beautiful music? If it does than I dont care:)
I havent seen you in ages, when will I see you again?
i hate the monthly ritual of trying to figure out how to pay my rent
Chilling @ home watchn Jessica Biels fine ass in "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" with ...kids chilln as usual
New just dropped.
Happy New Year to you and Mr. Z!!!
Two more have left us. RIP Johnny Otis and Etta James. Nice memories of them.
You're welcome. And all of this raises a very important question: has picked a date for #pp3?
we need to get to do a flyer or record cover for us..
My little sister is so funny.
This isnt important, what we should be doing is busting those underage college kids drinking! Im sick of their hiphop music!
#GrandpaFred At what time? See that knuckle there? One that just flipped em. Debbie?Are you busy?On you. 1drop..
Ugh its so freaken hot outside :o
Soo according to pedro we are bestfriendssss now :) woah.
im kick your little mexican ass wanna when i see you xD wach
anyone had and good/bad experiences with #crowd #design marketplaces such as #fiverr #crowdspring #99designs or #designcrowd?
Welcome Back!!
this is something much needed in Boston. You guys got my support.
LOL NEGATIVE. ": #Sagittarius are good at keeping ex's as friends."
Probably means you've been nominated to serve on a committee. It's fun.
Harassing the conductor..
Sometimes I wake up 2 music,but its in my mind.weird right?whats w/that.why dnt i understand what this is?gift or curse?swear im not crazy:(
Just caught up to your reply about #ISTE12. I would sneak you in my suitcase if I could. ;)
yea, he was feelin it yesterday...
dive 75, some guy got pissed at me for eating the last reese's in the bowl and i was like, I'M HOME.
Its possible... If both teams step their game up as hard as you stepped you twitgame up today
read Proverbs 31 to find the criteria for
If you are against same sex marriage, don't marry someone of the same sex.
it's really hard to live with someone as perfect as kaitlyn
Retweet We have less than 4 hours to get all structures out of camp please come please help
your welcome! <3
sleeping is overrated
Omfg my dad changed the channel and the first thing it said was "San Antonio" slfjodfpdlg I still think of Austin<3
very nice photo. I think people just looked classier "Back in the day"
it was such an honor to work with you today. Hope to work with you again in the future!
I just heard the preview of break your back by It was awsome!!!
I hear that! I have the same "gift" - inadvertent rampant verbosity :) [But yes, it looks good to me so far!]
Very good stuff. Joss did a great job balancing a lot of major characters while getting a lot out of all of them.
I've never done a #soupswap but since I'm new to #santacruz I'm up for it!
Overheard: "you and your olive tapenade. Were just going to the park for lunch. I think you're overdoing it."
PROM IS NEXT FRIDAY! #EXCITED!
yeah I just wanted them to win, my real team is UNC all the wayy!!!
haha yeah I left too
My future is so bright I need sunglasses.
So True :) I hope you will get a tweet to Adam :) He's outstanding supporter of you :) ♥
Ask yourself: Do consumers recognize that they have the problem you are trying to solve?
that would be great!!!! Very excited to return to Japan
the business in Europe for actors is good? Where exactly?
foundation important
word bro! What you up to?
Jeff Lawson, CEO Twilio at #tedxsoma: Ideas are cheap, Execution is Hard. Couldn't agree more.
they DO have access to a lot of tasty, low cost snack food...
yes.. Yes it is. But then she blames us for not passing spanish 😒
or find a gamer girl
I've been waiting for Filner's Fornication plan.
Hi. We are both off tomorrow. That's cute eh.....
Made all the more difficult by OverDrive's new rules for USB-to-Kindle downloads of Penguin ebooks.
Mechanical Eye videomaker meetup tonight at 7 at Summit Artspace. And don't forget to tell 13-19 y/os about the contest starting April 15th.
Happy 83rd birthday to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. His influence continues to positively change our culture!
WooHoo! I knew I could count on you! Thanks!
I don't wanna get up. I don't wanna eat. I don't wanna do anything. I just want to sleep and wake up and find that all of this was a dream.
Tomorrow will be on the #prettyprogressive show! Tune in at 11AM CST on
Everyone in our office is ordering Chinese food today so that they can get lucky numbers in their fortune cookies!
ah hacked boo by kaileigh tehehehehehe love ya(:
awesome enjoy the game and bring us some luck need to get a winning streak going !!!
YOU CAN PUT THAT ON THE BOARD!!! ON THE MARK!!! GONE!!! TEX MESSAGE SENT!!!
I know. But there's more Steve. I want the more.
ill think about sunshine;)
Peppermint is one of the oldest and most highly regarded herbs for soothing digestion, and may also restore digestive efficiency....
Thank you for a lovely evening xo
WCF experts, is there a type of extension that is guaranteed to run before and after any operation (with and without unhandled errors) ?
lol I'm good
I'm tweeting HONDA LA Marathon times for Crispin Lazarit in real time on race day. Brought to you by HONDA LA Marathon
Had so much fun today. I got a fake husband, 2 fake daughters & sat on a "bench",folding chairs,&pretended 2 eat ice cream. Life of an actor
what I mean is that if violence were to result from Wilders' visit, he could hardly be accused of "inciting" anything
94% of #pet #parents say their pet makes them #smile more than once a day. Small wonder people with pets live longer with less stress!
It's beautiful RT Finally got a frame for This last night. One of my all time favorite movies
Love the Dixie Chicks. Another great concert.
I'll be there tomorrow
Happy Birthday!
Congrats on the 2 American Country Awards nominations! We'll be voting every single day!
Speaking of, I just noticed that my company is right below your husband's. "The little big city?"
...when the cost is not very high--though I like to think I devalue the personal costs when someone needs my help.
Discovered some new buttons on my remote. Watching harry potter in spanish with french subtitles... #Likeaboss :)
Talk in-depth about the editing, compositions, camera moves/scales, lens choice, staging and sound in 4 double-spaced pages
get to watch your fam on #fashionstar tonight!
good morning.
Very cool! Was there a sign at the register?
Watched the Mentalist last eve. What a great episode! Loved it.
I can't understand why Way Too Cold is only at number 73 on iTunes when Wiz Khalifa is number three (?) and Maroon 5 is number two (??).
ay real talk fammo... Thats why half of them do. I get confessions all the time.
i really wanna talk to you, but i get paranoid and think that i annoy you.
#IfYouWereSmart u wouldnt of told the whole world ;)
Bored :p
Really dont want to mow i cant even lift my left arm
I'm not living life, I'm not living right, I'm not living if your not by my side.
You are just something else. We need to relive those glory days of Goodbye Earl, haha.
Thanks for the RT!
Saturday is the big day Sagg. B-day Bash!!
“: wth!? Jus got home n checking twitter, I'm suppose to see,"bum wins his 1st ring!!"sigh..see u in Nola”
Thanks. :) you're too sweet. ": I love your voice"
Thanks! I have been enjoying yours too. Happy Friday!
#Kentucky up 4
Heavy on the Van Halen too.
My alma mater Villanova pulls one out with a 29-point 2nd half turnaround. Go Wildcats! Bring on the big bad Bruins.
Thanks Man. The scary part is they are 100% real. The hardest part is remembering the good 1s for twitter
I agree with that!
then get out the house
Don't drink your calories! Stop drinking sugary beverages and only have green tea, skim milk and water.
Unblocked charliebean48 hopefully you are reading this charliebean.
bout to water my loud plants : )!!! a few more weeks they will be done.
chillin' with some of my MAY favorites right now
Stone Roses - 'I Wanna Be Adored' on repeat 10x.
Support your Huskies! Bring your purple peeps and cheer on Romar to his 200th win.
RT : Give staff freedom to try, freedom to fail & freedom to try again.
I wanna move.
I CALL IT THE RUMBLE IN THE JUNGLE !!!
Clouds of poison gas, and earthquakes.
Always interested in green living
me too :( do you have skype dm it to me ?
cant wait to see u next !!!! leggooo!
*answers phone* ahh what's up r.kelly mah nigga?
Find dolma here... STEWART JEWELRY STORE 121 N. MARKET ST WASHINGTON NC 27889
having one of those "I don't want to interact with anyone" sort of days
I haven't read the Jones or Klosterman pieces yet. But I'm very excited for a venue that promotes long-form journalism.
plans for champagne party in the CRC are in the works as I speak
Great job tonight man, your effort and play makes me proud to be an A's fan
no im at mtsu
omfg im screaming YOU'RE GOING TO CANNES?
Just booked a guest spot on Curb Your Enthusiasm! Very excited!
Do you have ideas about great Baltimore entertainment this weekend? Let us know!
95 on cost accounting test! Should stop texting in class
Ya, I was only talking about LeBron. I'd be more than happy to take your bet for his career #s :) some1 could dig em up!
I noticed that the other day and said the same thing.
I think it's so stupid when 18+ years old go to those "facebook parties" the fuck. Grow up and go to the club with people your age.
you rock dude. Love the show tonight much love to you vinny.
My mother >
I know I shouldn't hit "retry" on the MLA JIL, but I just can't help myself
Hurry back! and have a safe flight.
#imagine Austin: Oh Lisa:What? Austin:Stop teasing me*wink*Lisa:I'm not teasing u. Austin:Yes,your hotness*wink&kiss ur lips*
; No matter gay, straight, or bi lesbian transgender life I'm on the right track baby I was born to survive. :)
2010 walk to Empower Corporate Breakfast on November 5 @ 8 a.m. at the Daniels Fund. RSVP to
Don't try that pouty shit with me.
I love when a guys veins pop out of there arms or hands .. Idk why <3
Live from rendezvous ballroom at #LTNY - Creating an information advantage through data mining and industry bench marks
Had one of the BEST girl nights in awhile!! :)
Aw thank you!
Breathe in....& just let it go.
Retweets. For the one who tweeted & for those of us who missed it the first time around cuz of something inexcusable, like work or sleep.
Why shouldn't God accept Gays and their bond' After all he created all. I don't get the point to the question. They are people.
I am just saying, make it harder for guys and they come running.
Drat! Thought that info was just for us & since I don't usually weigh myself I didn't. Hope that didn't take me out. Feel great
Waddup let's go...
Guten Morgen Thanks for following Newark Twinning. Look forward to seeing your website launch tomorrow!
We live in a world where people believe that happiness lies in buyin stupid things you don't need. I can't stand materialism.
Fine, I'll watch the last 20 minutes of Up close and personal if Air Force One is on next
I saw that there's a free registration required now for some articles. Is there also a paywall?
Just got back a picture I sent out with the signature of the talented June Foray!
I mean everything i find there is a gem, but that... That is like a 20 karat diamond.
Holy crap blackhawks. After I didn't think you could suck more... #terrible #blackhawkssuck #whyrootforanychicagoteam?
Love brings you face to face with your self. It's impossible to love another if you cannot love yourself. ~ John Pierrakos
Lmao 😂RT : A douche bag of your magnitude could cleanse a whale's vagina.
“: Gonna go to the gym , before I do anything .” good shit😍😍😍
thank you for following as well!
On The Phone With My Bestiee
G.M.N.I.: Is under the weather. I need a headrub, some thighs wrapped around me, a glass of Welch's white grape juice, & boneless bbq wings.
The first few seasons of South Park >
Your music was everywhere growing up. From my first skate video to my first car. You will be missed.
they might get it by the cases I get it by the pallet❕❕❕❕dtfl
My moms at the game with my brother too :)
That presentation was deep!!!
Swiss Beatz - It's me bitches
#HappyMothersDay to my beautiful mommy <33
hey prodigy, i heard you were sick. i really hope you feel better, all that matters in that your ok. i love you, get better
No internet access. This sucks.
yes, you too.
Actually it was $107. The taxes made up the rest. Crazy!
Fan on the field in Toronto.
Democracy is hypocrisy without limitation. -Iskander Mirza
Wishing everybody a happy, safe 4th of July. Enjoy the beautiful day!
#Sixers game day! Philly going to take a 2-1 lead tonight!!!!
Thank You Love <3
Therefore, the summer will (hopefully) consist of mucho travel, due to an excessive amount of vacation days in the bank.
glad you liked it--he blows my mind. "between the folds," a documentary about origami is on netflix and pbs--he's underfeatured
This is the most dreaded part of the relay hangover, when your body doesn't understand which side of the clock you're on.
hell yes!!! what a night, thanks!
If you're off the dating market and have forgotten what getting dumped feels like, try applying for some grants.
There was a fluffy black cat outside my house that was meowing at me and let me pet it, so I named it Reginald.
Had to sign up and learn how to use Twitter for class. This could go horribly wrong.
My car is no longer moving unless I'm going to either of my jobs or cutting hair.. not even for pussy,if they aint driven... I'm strokin it!
Cashier: So are you buying all of these.? Me: Nope, I'm stealing them, but I wanted to tell you first.
great! let us know if we can answer any questions for you :) I DM'd my number over to
thanks Willis :)
Is it edible? O.o
I'll give you an answer but it's complicated so I have to practice it first.
You got it!
Let the countdown to Cassoulet begin! Dinner service starts at 5:00 p.m.
Luckily there's so much out there, I'm sure you'll find one that is for you! :)
<----- good person, better friend. xo
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
up at 2am for more than an hour, why I have no idea but it totally impacted my morning workout plans.
YOUSE GUYSES, ONLY 26 DAYS UNTIL I GET A DAY OFF WORK!!
I love that the bagger perfectly packed my groceries. Frozen together, produce together, etc. Saves me so much time at home!
Eww I just a bird pull a worm out of the ground :(
Only a politician could think it's a great idea to purposely quit paying some of the US's bills-Don't forget we already spent those dollars!
- Leaning left, I read a LOT of criticism of your FP piece. While no authority, believe what you write stands strong.
Live from Universal Orlando with and on the other side of the glass!
pshh u know u like him c;
omg - it looks like that wta / xperia patch on arad's chest should read "hello my name is...."
(replete with Kissed Her Little Sister mash-up backdrop)
_|.-~. SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX.. SEXY..SEXY.. GOGO DANCERS....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Sure. Follow for DM.
when are you done with finals?! come play friday night with and I!
Listen To Rocking With The Classics Vol.1 Right Now At www.tinyurl.com/mbclassic1 -
It sucks that I just painted my room and in 4-5 months I'm leaving for college.
Life is Full of Microscopes & Telescopes...
don't think so!
Great to see is Support partner of the year
Thanks :) Sometime it's the little things in life.
so true. I put it off thinking it would help me get home faster, but rush hour had other plans. Home safely now, though. :-)
And make my investment back over time
And...another 10 years with a bad passport picture.
Thinking about booking my Vegas trip for August. Daughter turns 21 taking her Vegas for her present.
Testicular envy rears its ugly head.
Good Monday Morning, Jay! Thanks for the Mention! ;)
" - love is following me!!! they have def motivated me!!! love em! :)"
can u please please please do a girly football player tutorial?????
Now they are running a tile cutter above my head. Awesome.
just informed me she's going to class naked. Watch out boys.
great job this morning on the panel.
That thinks a TV series set at a think tank would be boring shows he never stayed late at an MI Xmas party ;)
you can't take them anywhere. especially not together.
I got hit on by two men and one lady.
Shawty got ass for hours, it be extra long in the shower, n best believe she go to Howard....ode to
❤ You make my whole day baby.
welcome && Carrie is performing so excited to see!(:
RT : should be my new best friend. I should ask her?? ;) hm
I am OBSESSED with that song!! So excited for the new album!! I've already pre-ordered the vinyl with 7".
RT : Yes Dave, I will be there! It's a MUST attend!
I love getting my hair cut!! What oh what will I do?!
Still laying in bed. Not because I want to, but because someone gave me the flu for my birthday
"I was rapping at eight." - Nich Cannon
Tired and I miss her might see her today
this girls wearing yoga shorts...
ha - same here. Good luck!
um no, I won't look until the week before probably. :)
TONIGHT: All Night Happy Hour 'til close! 1/2 off your favorite appetizers | Party Tunes by | Guest List 916-295-0720
I know is going crazy while is making his entrance lol.
Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
Imma cut you. :P
Hi Campbell! How are you? (:
Banks Resisting Fannie, Freddie Demands to Buy Back Mortgages
It took me awhile to figure out the VC part in your name <3
just saw this. so sorry for your loss, Katie! RIP Duke.
Sister and I are on the cable cars. I think she likes it!
what's on slate so far, yo?
Mark our words: You'll be hearing a lot about the WORST Superbowl halftime show in history over the next few days.
hit me with I heard you keep it in the freezer, on the phone with black now
EnglishMajor.com has now added over 450 qualified, passionate writers to the Mechanical Turk ecosystem.
Avoid the yo-yo dieting trap (gaining and losing, over and over). Yo-yo dieters have a 70% higher chance of having heart problems.
Any chance we can get updates from Fulltilt? Poker Stars is Tweeting, why can't they?
yeah I know
I love when my Pandora gives me a little Journey pick me up. You know me oh so well.
It does't make sense. Congress courts the wealthy that control the country. what about us too. Don't we count too?
Got to 1000 view baby!!
👉👉👉RT : Some Cap'n Crunch french toast would bring me life right now.......
. Happy Anniversary!! (14 minutes late.)
My desktop could be on Hoarders.
First quarter's not over and 's already broken out the St Patty's Day Angry Birds.
C.R.E.A.M get the money
I really liked the train episode... but I'm only like 5 ep's in.
Forget what we're told before we get too old.
Waiting for the last of the financial reports to come in. Some seemed to have missed the deadline, again.
I enjoy the simple things in life. Like your opinions.
A grandiose Newt wants a major implementation of 10th amendment and new limits on the judiciary. What @ checks & balances & sep of powers?
Cobb County woman wins Jeep playing Georgia Lottery
text me imy!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME I LOVE YOU GUYS (:
If I want mind control over him. Is that too much to ask?
Being in a relationship is a full time job if youre not ready then dont apply
I never see rainbows, ever since i moved. sucks for me
Last chance to get the mani/pedi special! Call now to get yours before they run out!
Thanks for the RT love!
Dutch ovens are illegal in some states
Each of my days are miracles. I won't waste my day; I won't throw away a miracle.--Kelley Vickstrom
I'm liking it, it's just not getting better than just good so far. Though the characters aren't bad like everyone...
Everyone follow
Good luck!
whahahah! Me too. :)
RT : We've got a special surprise to announce Monday morning. You're going to like it.
For those who have thought: I wonder what Erikka thought about this week in politics...check out tonight Ch.8 8 & 11pm
Hehheehehehehehe >:) I see you.
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
trust me you dont wanna know
OMG HI💙
no problem. has sent me a few of your videos
RT : Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, live the life you imagine. Thoreau
Love the photo, thanks for sharing!
Audio engineering and audio consulting will be provided by Shinobu Mitsuoka, check out her bio in KP services.
Metro train driver this morning from the whiplash school of braking.
#DuringTHeSummer I will go to Warped Tour with my guys and my babee and I will go to Mayhem Fest and meet Phil Bozeman.
I only hope that you guys come to Seattle one day. You guys are awesome and should follow me, yes? :)
Hey has made her own Twitter account, separate from this one. Feel free to follow here there! :) Thanks!
Can't wait to eat the chili made last night!!! It is SO banging! YUM-MEE!!
Man. RIP Yauch. Sad times.
Check out smbmsp.org/live to see the event they are hosting LIVE!
Seattle was Great! Off the Kennewick for the next 2 days. 3 more classes to go then home for 2 days!
I love when my body is on auto-early saturday morning wake up. Now wtf am I supposed to do? Im the only one of my peeps awake!
I'm so happy I can't verbalize it :-)
Burgers build smarts! RT : hard 2 concentrate on my paper when i know i'm abt 2 get sum w/ so soon!
Im watching every game of the season
like I said man you're listening to the wrong country!
please disregard tweet, i have your info. checking into this.
Day game. First pitch. Hit it off the left field foul pole. Beautiful.
It is a good thing that you're moving past the drama! Have a great weekend!
RT : #womcc Key principle of word of mouth is "would anybody tell a friend?" About your ad, package, service, feature...
For display in journal pages? I like the idea of reciprocal links, like trackbacks.
Woohooo! is up and ROCKIN it at
Whaaa!!! I think it was super bad timing 4 him & as a independent I dislike him, but im not in favor of any of the candidates.
Arrgh! Why Forest why?? Time to drink.
70% of revenue of ntl chain drug stores comes from annual event. Focus is on value
#2011in3words? Very damn strange.
Santa Fe NM 1st Quarter 2011 Home Sales and Median Prices Holding Steady.
#milwaukee What projects around the house does everyone have coming up in the near future?
Also, every time I type "sharing" I'm afraid I'm accidentally going to type "sharting"
Remember, it's National Slap Someone Silly When They Sneeze Day.
They sell alcoholic whipped cream now?! This is truly the greatest time to be alive.
#gossipgirl was actually kind of alright tonight. As much as I love the show, I can see it ending soon :(
So I messed up my contacts and can't see much, its blurry like I'm goin 100 mph! Ha
Debate among yourselves - best drummer ever? Retweet with your answer!
#ThatOnePersonWho Hates on Austin Mahonefor no reason.
Where is that made?
Thanks for great write up about The Battle of Florida Collegiate All Star Game. Co founders Iamunno/McNeely.
where we going?
Damn, Florida Panthers finally make the playoffs after 10 years & there are a lot of empty seats in their arena. Lame
I really was surprised but how cool! RT Looks like and I are taking our show back on the road for
Cardio. High stepper then trainer for an hour session now back in the gym for more cardio really trying!! Getting hard pushing through
def not winning
I'm parting with my old habits. I'm kinda sad.
lol yeah he's back and I like him....afraid him and Robin Thicke are too much alike tho We'll see what happens..I love em both
Up Early On This Writing Flow. Wrote About 3 Songs In A Hour. Gonna Try & Get Some Sleep Then Hit The Studio Later On
i expect him to be as good as he was in november
A Night of House Music at the Black Lantern Audio Den, Huntington, NY! Me and my boy Joey Pinto on the same venue tonight!
Ugh. Baseball is so boring
That last tweet will seem random to some, but others will get it.
Great win by the Giants tonight - hopefully the naysayers will eat some humble pie this week!
😌 yeah that's right
watching stepbrothers with I wish.............
Sorry, but I am pretty sure THING is correct.
Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.-Mahatma Gandhi
Bored waiting for grandmas spanish food<3
so much anger little one
I haven't seen The Toys. Guess I need to to cast my official vote, huh. :) (Something tells me I'll still pick the DJ. Haha!)
'You know son, you can't trust all the info you get there, see this review?'
RT Tell the world I'm coming home.
If only I could turn the hands of time...
<3 I would very much like one yess ahahah
Next up is the Beef Brisket, Once that is done I have a couple deliveries to make! Sure smells good!
We're live-tweeting James Barham's discussion of his new report on #foodhubs today at 10:30am PST. Think there will be news?
flirting while in a relationship is highly disrespectful,&while it may seem harmless,it can be very hurtful to the person who loves you.<\3
its whatever you know feeling good living better
why do I half to drive to L.A tonight
Gonna go swimming in the backyard then play some playstation 3
I miss 7th grade when we were all best friends. :/
Why they keep trying to try the bears
Dr. Renee Hobbs talks at #acmYMS offers snapshot of national youth media, and the rise of its practice.
To me it always has been.
Better to remain silent & be thought a fool that to speak & remove all doubt. -English proverbs
wow. bean.
Are you fucking serious right now?! Hahahahahaha best all call ever mr. noll
The concept is really cool and quite adventurous. Looking forward to seeing more. Would go well with #NewIdea for
I was a part of a top25 program, yes plenty of additional $$ was flying around, but there need to be some add'll consideration
Not wanting to eat before my dentist appointment... Starving.
I Really Need To Get Up.
Thanks for the RT! Enjoy following your tweets on Colorado.
Lol I'm not quite sure. J-Bar I believe.
Are we giving kids BOTH access and opportunity, rather than just access. -
#NP "Who's thinking about you now?"-
As much as I have learned to hate the Capitals over the years, I must admit I gained a lot of respect for them this year. Bunch of fighters.
: You know it really real when she washes yo azz. Now that's real love.
I make no apologies.
#salute, i just DM'd u
Check out our new Church Site (I still have 16 more pages to ad but) IT's LOADED with Great Stuff for ALL, ESPECIALLY over this Passover/… #
The Aquifer tonight peeps. Houston's own Kyle berg and myself on the decks. Party starts at 10p.m.
Will u #follow me plz today i found out my parents r getting a divorce & a #follow will help a lil bit
HEEBUM : Help Everyone. Educate. Be. Understand. Manifest. H.E.E,B.U.M, today! :)
leave me out of that.not gonna be responsible for killing your skills.lol
Im so sleepy
Thank you Scott Walker for triggering the Law of Unintended Consequences. Now the People are coming for you!
BRING MY CDS TOMORROW OR FACE MY WRATH.
Yeah, you'll love it by the end. You'll sing its praises from on high!
thank you for the mention. Most appreciated!
So many great quotes coming out of 's mouth... "Brands need to be engines of difference"
Thanks for the RT!
Great idea! RT : Q1. We send an email to current staff asking them to welcome the new staff member via email or phone.
right...how's the weather over there? Im burning up over here. Im abt to go to spin class thats all.
i have double checked the bible and i dont see any dates predicting the end of the world
I was explaining how costs of finding loopholes and write-offs out weight benefits for small & middle size biz trying to grow
Love it. RT : 3 guys came to Boise, a liberal, a moderate, & a conservative. Boise said...... Hello
I highly doubt you caught a monster bass
A tie: Blood, Bones & Butter vs. A Visit from the Goon Squad
- you should pick yourself up a pair of smarty pants!
what u need
:) Midnight birthday calls >
Happy Monday….. Stop by Colima Linda Apartment homes and check out our killer deals…. 7575 Linda Vista Rd.92111
Ruled Halloween. Next up, ugly sweaters, of course.
Happy Haitian flag day!!
I can't see this idea of being 600 down and betting 25quid on one number not working every time!
This ice coffee omg
#Wausau #Wisconsin, open house, free food and a tour of the public access computers next Thurs April 19 11-3. Stop by!
I wish I wasn't at work right now
Ann, a blithering idiot like Sarah Palin managed to squeeze in career & family. (But we applaud you for being a stay-at-the-mansion mom!)
I'm just can't wait for #BELIEVE I'm so excited((: #TweetmeMaybe ??<3
haha I love the Canucks but their fans are idiots. I hope they come back though that city doesn't deserve a Stanley Cup.
Look up bull$hit in the dictionary. Now, Google Santorum and tell me which one you'd rather have on your shoe.
Joined our Text list yet? 1 Free kids pass if you text 'TERROR' to 99000
Coming up in 40 minutes on #RadioMAQAM: #Fairuz Good Friday Hymns - Eastern Sacred Songs. Tune in!
Joel Anderson of Banning scores 30 again tonite
Interesting how the #Dodgers are using #DefeatSF instead of
I saw a saying. Sometimes you cry, not because you are weak, but because you have been strong for too long. :)
All mfs do is lie now days.....
I only do it because I know you can handle it. You should hack together a site that displays their tweets on a map
Let's play: Stand-by!
AET working to get smoke and flames in hell. Will that be a problem when I’m in hell?
Warriors didn't foul down four with 33 seconds remaining.
Not the band, just a good ol' Block Party at DTX!
The Twittercast begins...NOW!
Perhaps we shall speak of this shortly. Regardless, ensure that you have reservations. It's not so much on the QT as I thought.
Adversity is a fact of life. It can't be controlled. What we can control is how we react to it.
Awk...we live in the same house.
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." ~Einstein. Thanks to for sharing that wisdom!
what am i watching ? O:
"Jeff Who Lives at Home" was a great movie. Very funny and uplifting.. and you're right, a little bit of everything.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just heard the good news! Can't wait to come jam with you in May!
American’s Favorite Destination for Ventless Gel Fireplaces Launches New Products
At the historic Senator theater about to watch Gone With The Wind for the first time
someone just asked me "what date is cinco de mayo?" If you have to ask that question, I don't think Mexicans want to celebrate with you
Next up, commercializing Health 2.0. Lower barriers to entry creating more applications.
Control & Balance. Balance kind of falls under Control but Balance is a lil more descriptive.
lmao chris it looks like glasses but its just a line by mistake
i reall miss you claire!
lol IT CAN'T BE STOPPED. RT : . ooooooooooooohhh snap! GIRLS There it is again!!
Four day weekend for me!
"MR ROCHESTER: Mistakes. I've made a few. But then again... too few to mention. JANE EYRE: I have a list right here."
TY! So excited about tomorrow night's gluten-free #CampusChat!
We saw at Prism Barry McGee show. Were you there too?
I love when people make game apps for things I'm actually good at, but suck at on mobile devices. It's hilarious.
aww thank you hun, so nice to c you care...lol
The more sleep I get, the more tired I am. Why do I function/feel better with 5-6 hours of sleep? I am dead if I get anymore than that.
ok so a murderer made a twitter so he could find mine. #scared with
Q: What do you call a carpenter working in a electrical panel? A: Dead!
Leg 1 of 3 part 18 day poker trip.....Flying to AC for borgata spring poker open $1000 and $2500 re-entry 1 million main event.
Always be friends with the girl that brings food
Yes, we are working on this. Hope to have clarifications and good news from City tomorrow.
#Lugar to #Mourdock "get off my lawn!"
Thanks, Claire! Jill's writing reminds me of yours. Minus the TJ's references. I think of you when at TJs!
In court testifying against our gear thief... You're busted!
Well done sir, well done.
you're awesome!!!! Thanks a million!
Filner says he's the only candidate that would break the strangehold of special interests on the city.
The sex is too damn good.
im on the look out for zombies just i case. Lol i never know...
You know me and pets! =) RT : Please don't own a pet. Leave them for people with more compassion. “:
and TY Keron for the compliments. It means a ton to me
RT Hey kids, don't forget to look both ways before getting hit by a car.
lol, im sure
If you have an idea put it out there. You're a puzzle piece, just keep trying every corner till you find something that fits.
Today’s African Proverb (5.13.12) The woman who is loved receives no refusal. (Kenya- Kikuyu) Like Unlike
oh! haha dang it!
On the other side of the street I knew. Stood a girl that look like you.
i'm not asking anyone else.
r u singing at rafertys this weekend??
can't wait to hear the new music! Hope you're doing well bro! -Jared, P143
Congrats! Hope you are doing well.
that's how i felt this morning - it's particularly hard after such a long drive!
Welcome new followers to the #Museum: , , , and !
I have to agree with you I just watch gdla for the screw ups they have no format
Criminal Minds does a rerun of old vampire episode and awesome stuff ensues...
Im a baby daddy though lol
Tax refunds, federal jobs, national parks...all at risk if the government shuts down. The latest from Capitol Hill just ahead on CBS19
YAY! that works :)
Listen to my ipod goofy<<<
so true i have at least a dozen unfinished songs haha
My new iPhone cam lens with tripod. Fun fun fun!!! ;)
That bitch be lyin like a muthafucka
it's been so long! Do you?!?
Glad to be at #ASLRRA2012 with
the way u make it seem is like a man is selfish. but thats not the case. we go off of what society says we should be to be
On the flip side of my last tweet, when Marquette plays like this they could lose to just about anyone too.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!!!
Sending you lots of love and energy tonight miss your face! Xoxo
Murphy Lee...Either he's dead or just signed to YMCMB
I won't give up so God save us
I think it was time for a new profile picture
You're a lucky man; what a great group of people.
The Josh Hamilton show
Are you living by skillful means?
Uggggg, Needs a date to #RPPROM, Who wants to go with me?!?
Dear Buttermilk, Where have U been all my life? I love U. U make eggs better, soups heartier & cooking in general more fun. Sincerely, Me.
Hahaha funk just compared this game to "some flying chickens in a barnyard!" gotta love funk.
There's something so comforting about a mediocre ambient airport light installation
Dude...awesome...thanks, so much!!!
When do you send the eggs on twitter?
Laughing "I had neighbors that were trekkies. They were alcoholics."
Oh, the places you'll go! #happytobealive!
I want to have elf ear cartilage modification.
It was really nice meeting you the other night!!
NHT wants to know: What gets you to the theater? Is it a certain actor, a kind of play, because your bored, etc...
Sunday night is Five Buck Burger night! Come in and enjoy a burger and a pint of Elliott Bay's Organic Demolition Ale.
Fighting off this cold so I can prepare for another busy weekend: 5+ photo shoots, concert and concert!
Great to see in the It's Easy Being Green Finds email! Congrats & happy sales to you!
"Navigators tell us of black nations, who think so differently of their own condition, that they paint the devil white." Robert Boyle, 1664
There's only 1 thing I can count on every day... and that's morning wood.
#alicebucketlist Do it.
Oh I see. We speak the same language! woof woof? :)
How are museums and civil war venues celebrating Presidents Day. consider featuring the LincolnsDC iPhone app at...fb.me/18Fw7UfBp
Sry that was actually a bit confusing. Pick back up April 14th, but there are also 14 total races in our series. Ok, there we go!
Head'n over to Taft for some afternoon
love you plz follow me and hope you get better soon
your welcome! and im Melanie! happy summer to you to haha :)
"lying underneath the stormy skies, the sun must set to rise. This could be #paradise " 🌴
Had dinner with two #BSPI members last night and met many people afterwards. Looking forward to today.
Today's gift card winner is Kasey Alexandra Noel. Congratulations!
Thanks for the mention!
welcome back! too bad i'm in austin and don't get to celebrate your return.
#FollowFriday Follow these wonderful people for great info.
I will post on the SS Ning this weekend.
is u ok
two days left of work!!
his form is different when he's wide open, it's weird and much slower
I culd just keep doing this for the next 10 minutes lol.
Good nite sleep tight. Don't let the bed bugs bite!
just want to fade away
Just call me Mr. Making shit Happen
Get in touch. Win 2 tickets - Last Night of the Proms 28th Jan Palace Theatre #Newark. Just tweet or DM why you deserve to win by 19th Jan.
These are for you Bailey
We're glad to hear it! Welcome, and we look forward to working with you!
PORTLAND!!!! we can go from seapunk to icepunk in only a 3 hour drive here
RT : Terpujilah nama Tuhan.. ~ What language is this, if I may ask?
This. So much this. RT Nicki Minaj's lyrics are so complex!
Even Some Vigorous Activity Boosts Kids’ Heart Health - Adding 20 More Minutes of Exercise a Day Can Make Big Difference...
#ImHopingThat i can get this house painted today
Members of Arts Council of Fairfax County, Arts Council of Montgomery County, or Cultural Alliance of Greater Washington - DISCOUNT ALERT!
did you send it as a "broadcast message"?
Girls who look at you up and down like there's a problem , but to pussy to open up there mouth to say anything >>>> #Haveaseat ...
This rookie has got some game!
Bandwagonning it tonight, Lets go Heat!
so pretty disappointed my 18th b-day is almost over and no tweet or RT from
If #Angles Bourjos is on the market, #Phillies should offer minor league SP. Bourjos replaces Victorino when he leaves.
because everyone loves having to figure out time differences to watch the opener. It's a mental spring training
Toots with brother!(:
I don't know I signed on with my fb account
i love you iconic boyz
Only a couple of days left....then onto the next chapter.
Curious, which competitive sport do you think provides the most physical activity for young & old through the lifespan? Share your thoughts.
Bring the Spring & welcome back Cobble Hill's as they officially reopened this weekend with new flavors like maple soft serve
Did you see that last break by #Louisville?
Meeting tonight!
Take care over there. Do hope you have power and phone for Saturday.
Philippians 4:13 I can do all things through him who strengthens me.
its about time. Don't forget to follow imani And
Ok, thank you!!
Hi Chaterine thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, who knows maybe we can even work together??
if you have anchor holding you back, cut the chain or it could sink your ship..
Brown got called for a dive but Smith didn't when he barely got bumped and flopped all over?
I'll have to remember that but I doubt I would drink that in public. Haha
hahaha accurate, maybe.
Te gusta el cake?:) RT Now these scrubs are tweeting me cake -_____-
you cant phase me is a beast...about to lease it.
Happy Monday! Still a few days to enter week2 #wonk photo contest. Rules- american.edu/wonk -while ur there take a challenge, read a profile
Don't forget- tomorrow's FREE Arts in the Park & Cosmic Carnival 1-5pm at the Balloon Museum. Food, live music & astronomy
keep calm and carry on.....drinking, doll.
Halloween Weekend Special.Save $100! "Halloween Tour" is available on our website's online res system. Book now, tours filling up quickly!
I know I'm 2 weeks late, but my good friend sent me the most thoughtful hand written valentine in the mail and it was awesome 😍
Sry about your bike, but glad c2g could help! RT had my bike stolen in downtown this weekend, #car2go saved my life that night.
Truly, I hope not.
I think I have fallen head over heels for you. The last four tweets were priceless! I'll cogitate on the word 'masticate'...
:D Cansada mil :O
Cry me a river :-* - Timberlake
Dude, he built this team from the ground up and had to overpay just to get anyone decent to come here! The team sucked before that
What's 1 sentence of advice you have for properties to use in their 1st sales meeting w a brand/agency?
I'm gonna be scared to even consider getting on the Max from now on. I would've peed and they'd have given me a ticket for that too.
Jackie Chan, Anna Paquin, Neil Patrick Harris. *G*
just tried your sales visualizer: very cool :) ...Feature suggestion for v2.0: higher numbers! ;D j/k. Thanks for the tool!
Mondays are ruthless, amirite?
If u still wear silkies under yo pants, my nigga you are a fuckin bum
why didn't I see this tweet till now?!? What coffee shop were you at?
Ticket in hand thanks to You owe him a beer since he gave it away for free!
hahaha love this so much! :)
Ally thought that the white stuff on the taquitos at Cheesecake last night was mayonnaise.
'Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you' Ralph Waldo Emerson
Haha. You're adorably queer. :P Yea, 1st season was way better. Maybe 3rd will rise to the occasion.
they say that one loses wisdom when getting their wisdom teeth pulled.
Who has better glasses? Tyler Clippard or Alvaro Espinoza? Discuss.
On opening weekend. Twice, maybe.
Chandra Manning talking about why the Union troops loved Lincoln as part of the Abraham Lincoln Association's Symposium in Springfield...
Nice loss #WhiteSox ! Had Dunn done something... like field the ball in the 5th or not strike out again and again... you would have won.
Congratulations to last week's online voting winners: Mrs. Coloardo Int'l - Melissa Heideman & Mrs. North Carolina Int'l - Kimberly White!
People cashed in over 250 groupons last week. There are still some 1000 left to be used. Bring it on!!
There can't be very many of those.
Spectacular last day of Summer 2011 in Buffalo NY! Brilliant sunshine… 73 degrees …& the aroma of street vendor hot dogs….
Anything for you my dear!! :))
I dont think nobody in boxing history couldve beat the early 2000's Floyd...maybe one of the Sugar Rays but that's it
I can't wait to start my new job!
It's my own Very Special Kickstarter.
you are amazing and don't you dare let anybody tell you different.(:4
we can make that happen
Red solo cup, I fill you up.....
Yay booze. ": Gov. Dayton's spokeswoman says in email that Dayton would sign bill allowing beer at TCF Bank Stadium.”
i'mma go talk on the phone with #oomf. #goodnight. <33 :*
is having marathon rehearsals here in Utah! Composers covered today: Ravel, Erica Ball, Mozart and Mendelssohn.
My mama always used to tell me: 'If you can't find somethin' to live for, you best find somethin' to die for.”
Dont text or anything, wanna be left alone...
A 3 1/2 hr lunch with my BFF and shopping at Oakbrook on a perfect day is a great start to my weekend
Discussions are underway. Expect a formal announcement soon.
What did the egg say to the boiling pot of water? (It's going to take me awhile to get hard because I just got laid by some chick.)
just ate some Chipotle i feel full as FUCK
Is that in D-town? If so, where?
Im nothing without you, baby..<|3
studying for comp. must b a good student
Shout out to for winning the free pizza contest.
thank you for following katie. what is 'yogini'? let me grab the dictionary! lol
For those saying "We Love Keann" is a stupid TT, have a heart. She wants to commit suicide we're trying to show her we care so stfu.
Getting your subconscious on board with your conscious commitments is a beautiful thing! Utilize your emotions & symbols to do this. Enjoy.
