Take your passion
“: How can the D's not get the gas subsidys puld?” watch Cspan & GOP filibuster!
And a good day to you sir!
RT Creating a successful vid campaign starts w/ figuring out the right content. What's the goal?
Perfect for my nite off & 4 lax games! #weather Right Now in Lutherville, MD is Partly Cloudy and 75°F. Sent from The Weather Channel
Hmm just don't feel like a #CraftBeer. Ok someone slap me for saying that
What are you going to do for exercise today??? I'm undecided.
Please ask Dave if One Shining Moment was the background music of his dream that he had of Chris Smith making the big shot?
not technically from GB, but close. I think we can do better! :)
thank you. Work in progress. I go back for the rest of the sleeve in June
Waking up with some nice iced coffee. Hope everyone is having a great day!
After 14 long years, this day is finally here! UK gets their 8th Championship Tonight!
First though comes a major battle with git to resolve a boatload of merged files. Thank goodness for #bbedit and syntax highlighting.
Do Tarantulas Shoot Spidey Silk? Clues suggest the arachnids can shoot silk from their feet, but some scientists argue it's not true.
You too!!
Thanks for the mention! That Sangue di Giuda piece is the most popular post on the site, which surprises me.
CAN WE ALL TAKE A MOMENT TO APPRECIATE EMILY BECAUSE SHE JUST SAVED WILL & THE WHOLE FUCKING TRAIN STATION.
think im gonna start like eating more healthy
watch out for ticks when you camp.
what does I'd cap that mean?
HEY SOMEONE HACKED MY ACCOUNT. DON'T TAKE THINGS SO PERSONALLY!!!!
My dog is being chased by my daughter swinging a sleeve of crackers. I hope he figures out if he hides under the bed she can't get him...
Hey We Follow You!
Today is the last day to submit your questions for ! He will answer via UStream WED at 7 pm EDT. Submit ?s using
So jealous of my boys for getting to go to Vegas this weekend. Have fun and don't die :) Love you
While #lucidending may have died today, Hallmark has dozens of cheesy and thoughtless statements for their Sympathy section
Informal manager survey regarding employee sick call-out via a text. It should not happen. #Eyecare team member must talk to their manager.
so happy for you guys!
RT : St. Patrick's Day goodies starting this Friday, March 16th through Sunday, March 18th! Pre-order yours now
Saddened by unexpected loss of a dear family friend's daughter who was 33. Pray 4 them plz! Show love to who u care about bc life is short.
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1884 the first long-distance telephone call was made from #Boston to #New York.
We've been quietly following you. We had a great tasting at Chicago's N9NE Steakhouse -- probably the best tasting ever
Hope everyone enjoys their Sunday Funday... we will be closed all night for our annual employee party! Cheers!
“: If Khloe & I take a city what city should it be??? #Kim&KhloeTake...” San Francisco, CA
I'm so sleepy
They made me a birthdaycake at work sum idiot mispeld ma name i dropd that fukn cake on tha floor on purps
thank you 
I just had to block this girl from following me, her weave and drew-on eyebrows were bothering me
can't focus at all
hi stranger.
“: I need someone who i can text about anything and everything ok lul” oh pick me pick me ;D !!! Xx
come on Pens, let's beat the Caps
Jenny Lind: My Life as a Fairy Tale. Women's History Program at Castle Clinton March 14 at 11:00am.
My parents are in town today and we need a good lunch spot. Suggestions?
im bored af
follow this guy. your visual senses will be challenged, provoked.
Badgers back to back Sweet 16's for 1st time in school history, Marquette back to back Sweet 16's for 1st time since 1977
Bread and Yoga in Inwood &
Argh. When can I see the next Hunger Games movie?
MC Retro Rock is a great way to get your Saturday started off right!
I misses you back! There *may* be a little part of me there Saturday ;) And promised text updates.
Happy #EarthDay and #FF to my peeps:
time to buy groceries
I'm the worst Mexican ever and I know there's cheese in a quesadilla
Today is my last day living on the edge. I'm kind of sad about it!!
This Saturday Night @ Oro Lounge in Rockville...DJ Envy One Live On The 1's and 2's!!!
Oh! I've got so many miles to go. It's alright because it will be worth it.
none nearby here in Milwaukee, I had to buy it and make my own which is just as good :)
Music is around the corner. I also have a new over version of Adele "Someone like you" And new videos are coming soon! Stay tuned!!
home alone has made 3 epic comedy movies about child neglect. funny.
- what are your plans for the holiday?
Just watched Face Off: Cotto/Mayweather...That's the most respectful I think I've ever seen pre-fight.
color starts at $40, sew in starts at $145 and cut is $35. On Thursdays sew ins start at $100
nice u do that lol
Life would suck with out yu babe :)
miss your nick's corner videos!! Make the again soon PLEASE! :) xo
Gabriel and Baker have retracted and/or denied saying it was for sure... Donovan has waffled again
Formerly known as a the BU invitational, lol. What should it be called now? RT : what is the beanpot? Haha
Oh my goshh.. I swear I be breaking curfews when I talk to you lol
Anyone know if we have to do the reflection on content for the Socratic seminar??
What could be better than shootin the fair one! Am I wrong?
Dumb question? Or dumbest question ever? RT Which is a better day for football fans: #NFLDRAFT or start of #CollegeFootball Season?
Thanks, you too,
I have my first interview Friday with a copywriter/blogger for my biz. Hopefully a good brainstorming session!
So much going on lately... Huge things great and awful. I'm very grateful to those helping see me through all of this...
you 2 so made our day with that tweet!!! Thanks so much for bringing some MEGA HUGE smiles to our faces!!!
“: had the sweetest conversation with me yesterday. So down to earth. 👍💚” You were easy to talk to!
Birthdays are the peak of Facebook activity for most. It is a lure to grow our Social Media participation, once increased it usually remains
The performance was a nice way for Justin to introduce Jerry to the rest of the non-belieber world lol.
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you♥ 3
We love pizza. #hinthint RT : good news.. is on twitter now
Having a serious mass.
Watching a walk to remember. One day someone will love me like that! And until then... YOLO
@ ashleyvaga1 Your link got cut off!!! Can you resend it I want to check out your photos... Thanks!
dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance dance STOP now make muuuffff hammer time like ohhhohhh
m smh justin U TELL HIM RT @/justinbieber: you gotta alot of nerve thinkin you could ever hit that smh
very bro decision made by you
Just finishing the book Sneaker Wars. Crazy story about how Adidas and Puma were started by 2 bros. who hated eachother. Awesome
having a lizard in ur house
Bato heads one in, first goal of the 2nd half for , ends Wave 17-0 run.
visited my doctor 2day :)... haven't seen him 4 a time!
My $$ is on Bisping
I have a donut. Lol (: -izzy
I went to Highland Mall today and had a handmade pizza and a glass of wine. Did you realize there are still shops and restaurants there?
call me an idiot yeah I know, but what does #FF mean?
Amazing characters,their lives spans three continents, portrayed brilliantly in South Asian Lit. Looking for agent/pub
Triple non-threat
I think I just became a Lehigh basketball fan!
#ireallymiss when things were simple
No like when you go over there and try to convince him to do stuff
me either john cena birthday im so exicited
Thanks for the follow. #StayClassy xo.
Important: "Support *sustainable/whole news* - with actual $$$$. Do it. Now. -
not currently this second.
Singers outside soglins office don't seem to be going anywhere, anytime soon
thank u. It's actually an old pic in Hawaii!
love u who is this guy ??
I'm not quite sure what happened last night. And I'm not quite sure if I'm okay with what did happen. I don't feel like me.
Wow, yea that should have been a red card.
it was pretty funny...definitely worth watchin for a good laugh
what's good nealy
:) i only know a couple spanish words
Any time! Cheers :-)
My coffee mug needs a Foursquare.
is watching this GOP Presidential forum.
your welcome. Where u from?
i can't wait for the christmas holidays :D.. but i can wait for the christmas exams.. ffs xD.
I'm all over it--tell me more
Tired of issues with Facebook today. Comments disappearing, notifications going away. Grr
Dancing with >>>
Photography isn't allowed inside, but I couldn't help snapping a shot from outside.
I am a twitter demon!!!!1 :P ...for all u bitches out there ...fuck u !!!
it also tells it all wrong sometimes be careful
MandySmarotov Thanks for the follow!
thank you all the way
Glad to hear you are feeling better. Nothing like natural remedies. Bi Yan Pian will help long term and is not addicting.
Yup. It's a fave.
yaaay I had your number. (: I'm changin your name in it to Lizzie Mcguire, cause I have like 4 lizs. muaha.
Newest Tweet Peeps! Thank you , , , , ,
The strangest things walk in and out of my building.....
How long (over) did dress run?
Who is excited about Friday's Street Vendor Fundraiser event!? I know we are ... my mouth is watering just thinking about it!
tonight is the night
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention: "Fuck that nigga! He's dick didnt even pleasure me." Yeah ok. Thats why you still let him hit it.
Be who you are and say what you feel, cuz those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind. -Dr. Seuss ()
What kind of tea?
Cant believe this shit
we NEED to work together!
I get "become a better manager" emails pretty regularly. Apparently stinky employees is a real problem.
lol, I know there's so many aren't there :-)
thank you so much!
Oh Cool ! I Think I'm Going Around The 25th Of July. [:
We're under a month away from Bring Me The Horizon w/ Parkway Drive, Architects, Deez Nuts, and On Broken Wings!
Lol at Colin Cowherd
a bottle of oxygen?
All leave me buzzed enough to spell horribly. Ah is to be forgiven on such a gorgeous day to wear green.
hey there
On my way back to Indy from Cincinnati- shot a music video today...
meetin fans on saturday :))))
MAGPI's 2nd Annual Content Provider Carnival is underway!! Challenger Learning Center and Center for Puppetry Arts on now
thanks for Up All Night! We love it- warm hearted, funny, well written, and bleeped out cursing :-) Love times 10!
So are we! RT Happy to be hosting the 9th Annual Blended Learning Conference and Workshop for
is so volunteer, it just took someone stepping up - to that end, would you like to build a list o members on twitter?
Shout out to all our new followers look out for our new mixtape "PARTY LOVE" coming soon!!!
www.plugintogreenprofits.com/?id=3006 On how to get your $135 this is no joke, fyi
Happily positioned in modernity or anachronistic? That is the question.
excited to see my boyz on ABDC
Damn D rose
Last night the #Marlins suffered their 7th loss by a 3-2 score, the most in
Just heard the cool news - Mrs Heck is coming to my town! AWESOME! is the 2012 Tapestry keynote speaker - Woo Hoo!
head to Texas :)
Phone battery almost dead. If I don't get home in time for end, I'll see you next week.
7 of spades & a green #4 card from the game UNO.
you are too kind. I'm doing my damndest to bring Country
Thanks to #NutshellMail!
Sure, I'm in. Just as long as we don't end up with a shot of someone feeding popcorn to A-Rod.
Nice, the links you shared are many of my favorites -thanks so much for the kind words in Final Thoughts :) #TRMA585 -been fun
who, lol u better not fed a woman up
I can't keep it to myself! Keep me posted on progress. What is it they say? The journey is as important as the destination? :)
without my chicken string u right! Ugghh majorly frustrated!
RT : RT Growth requires learning from painful experiences by recognizing the role we have played.
Damp, smarting ears and chest and legs -- the somewhat thrilling discomfort of winter bicycling. Amen,
Lmfao no session this time. I was in the bed!
Thats some science shit bitch LEARN IT
Babe better come over later .. (;
Lol i bet
I'm ready n excited to hear this album seems SUPER excited about it lol.
with all three. but i've only got copies of the one with sensenbrenner right now.
Bro My Granny Makinq Meh Mad!
very cool, I look forward to seeing it!
he looks pretty hydrated to me my nigga,
No pancake compares 2 Korean buchu jun. A chive (but Asian rather than garlic chive) pancake fried crispy + thin, not too doughy. My fave!
White man slays black man is better story. While figuring out Zimmerman's race, another 100 black men got shot by other black men
Thx for FB invite. Bummed I can't do grad wknd stuff cause I'm in a wedding 5/5. :-( 5 years of work and no celebration -- boo!
Dear NESN/FSN: not everyone has a 16:9 screen. Letterbox your your SD feeds please. I don't want to watch 2/3 of a game.
Looks really tasty. I'll let you know. Maybe Clif will actually try some.
My ls akin scared wont call out folks name say it wit me B-I-A-N-C-A
I always say my cat curls into her "Sonic the Hedgehog Ball" when she sleeps.
Some great people to follow
dude we have the same first and middle name ^-^
I'm gonna need your help. I got a free desktop. Going to have to upgrade to run arma2 and dayZ. 8o!!
Blonde's >
Tempted to spend $$$$ to see Elaine Stritch's new Sondheim cabaret in NYC. Argh. Why do I live 800 miles away from 76th St?
I don't know this guy, but I see him at the library all the time. And pardon my french, but he's an asshole
We love citizen journalists! Thanks for the follow!
Happy Free Agency Packer fans.
I am so looking forward to #wbtastetweet5 with et al tonight! (via )
Math teacher is a bitch
bicycle vs. a vehicle: Emmett street across from Memorial Gym
see i can put yo a$$ out...keep runnin yo mouth, & if yo brothers come trippin imma show em what these tear drops bout
check with
#talkaboutawkward when you see a long lost family member and you dont know whether to shake their hand or hug them
So about my transmission lasting for two more weeks......
Getting this sew in some live
and your videos are awesome also. very awesome indeed,
Thanks! “: yay! Congrats! =) Enjoy your summer!”
Just emailed ours.
I wanna ride a 4 wheeler.
I didn't write the story lmfaoo.
hahaha oh Demi x) haha oh goodness he's hot!!:D OHMYGOSH. <3 he look like a ninja in one x)
follow me to get in on some great photography session specials
great to run into you. Good luck tomorrow, I'm sure it will be well attended
lies... Chinese and slushies. I can see it now! #Gone lol
“: Judge me as you please, but i don't give a damn.”
Get buy one get one deals with your California VIP Card! Get your card today for only $30! 619.226.1121
I think someone is spamming your account. I keep getting weird messages from you.
My followers need to subtweet me this kinda shit RT : #OomfNeedsTo let me show her what this mouf do
you know the world's going down when you're stopped from doing community service.
I hate when I get a text and then I reply and can't get a reply back smfh lol
omg especially the halls fruit breezers! I literally eat them loll
I do like a nice biscotti... I am hell bent on chocolate and goo, for the moment. It's my joy food of the day!
i love you please say hii :)
Brilliant idea!
If you view an entire thing it looks that it's always gorgeous.
As women we are constantly judged based on our outer appearance. Our flaws are used to put us down, our beauty is used to dumb us down.
one of my faves too, but every time i've seen it I've fallen asleep in the second act...
It seems like niggas get older and begin to like them younger but i get older and like them older, who wants a young damb ass female
Tonight its the Friday Night Dance Party at the Beechmont in New Rochelle, NY! Spinning 10:30PM-close! Come out and support!
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom. One helps you make a living; the other helps you make a life. ~Sandra Carey
Totally fun and awesome! The Complex is amazing.
I prefer my oysters fried That way I know my oysters died.
#supportlocalmusic Live with rock/punk tracks. Stop by and tell your friends to do the same.
#Romance tip of the week: Manage money - by communicating your financial fears & developing strategies for saving and spending.
new designs coming soon!!!!
This week, Tuesday Balt & Greene Gather, Wed Charles & Baltimore, Friday Charles & Baltimore, Sat Live Baltimore Event
Less than an hour & a half till game time! Go Blue!!!
Lmaaao, I told my cousin she needs step up her texting game.
might be interested? RT A large, nation-wide high end retailer based in Seattle is looking for a SEO. Looking? LMK.
Wow, life is a cute bitch full of estrogen and when she givess you lemons nigga throw 'em at pedestrians.
THANKS! We love this product too!
"If you don't work, you don't eat". Now that's a Jesus-like statement. whoda thought?
Enjoying a craft beer and a great jazz band in Kansas City.
About to have a nervous freakin break down.
Going To have fun DIS WEEKEND AMIR KHAN VS paul Malinaggi
twitter madness #Sick :p
It is illegal to water a garden in the rain in Montreal Canada
I know the Phoenix area well also. The contrasts between haves and have nots is staggering.
"Health is simple. Illness is complicated." -David Wolfe. So true.
my friend is wondering about gardening/plant growing data do you have any good & open ones in mind? //cc
bad hair day, but everything else is smooth sailing....
This game...wow.
Soon to be on KYTE FM!
A little surprised that Roenicke did not put Krod in for another inning after his quick 9th. Brewers have now used Veras, Parra, Krod, Loe.
just sent a DM with a contact #. Thanks!
Joining a gym that is open 24/7 may have been the best decision I have made in this city.
Just ate some Mexican food!! :D
she did an incredible job opening for deadmau5 Saturday night
Your so cool :)
My pleasure.
Free Art Friday Detroit! RT : #FAFDET free art for Detroit?
Don't blow your mind with why.
“Our death is not an end if we can live on in our children and the younger generation
Two speciality cocktails tonight - Classic Champagne (Cham, sugar, bitters, lemon) & Creamsicle (vodka, Licor 43, Orange, Cream)!
Had so much fun at the "365 Days" premiere last night! Fantastic job everyone!
Thursday at 11: Kitchen Contamination
TEXT-S&P drops 'B-' rating on Creativ Group OJSC
AMEN. AMEN. To bad it's not true for myself. The pretty part I mean. The boyfriend part is DEF true. Haha
Boat Show countdown!
#LilWayneSongsILove Mirrors ft Bruno Mars, guys a beast.
Rounding the corner on the CowrieCard hacking. Should be back up within a few days. Fingers crossed.
Proposal for the Spring 2012 conference is near complete. I just need to edit tomorrow and then send it in.
jealous “: It's 82 in big d”
This Saturday about to be live
has an amazing voice....i think I have a small crush on her. jus found myself voting!
My new brother Anthony c; We got the same smile ^-^
omg thank you for tweeting this!! Lol
Rambo is so tight BABY.
Twitter users should be a little more selective of who they choose to follow or what they tweet. Don't care what you had for breakfast.
indeed. also, we should hang out soon. U SEEM COOL. A/S/L?
agreed. But if you roll in dressed like Khaki McBoatshoes, expect it up.
you know how to get to the ave
Planning on Las Vegas for ? If so, you're invited to come to our "Consultants Roundtable" panel - just before the Radio Luncheon!
To-do list for the coming month: finish grading, do taxes, pack and move, read poems, write poems, have a baby.
Everything is relative
I don't want to go to school tomorrow. Holy shit.
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.General Douglas MacArthur
Going back to be myself again! This really is what I want.
According to survey:More docs are saying if they could do it over again, they WOULDN'T choose career in medicine.Details 12
You said that RT Relationships nowadays = 1 Male, 1 Female, 1 Hoe, 1 Ex trying to mess it up & one friend secretly hoping it ends.
I won't defend what he wrote but he made twitter more fun.
Use coupon "LUCKY13" in your shopping cart for 13% off this weekend! And also get free domestic shipping for orders over $13!
hahahaha ily yea watching it with my mom i actually started to cry!
Have a great day!
I need to go buy some skittles now.
“: First tweet! Dinner with friends. Really sweet.”
100 million fewer paper W-2s than when APA started. Thats a lot of trees!
Anyone interested in joining a fantasy football league?
"I'm just so sorry I didn't start volunteering earlier." - Toni in Johnstown.
Mass and. May Crowning were sweet. Beautiful music by the kids!
Let's review: Oregon's offensive line hasn't been good. LSU's offense hasn't been good. 9-6 Tigers, anybody's game.
What are you going to do with your extra hour today? We suggest taking that time to dive back into the book you've been reading!
Retweet if you wanna hear a new Party Slayerz track today!!! :)
Brown is going to be see saw between his own re-election interests and the attraction of being right-wing centerfold
paulyD project yeaaaaahhhhh buddy!! Let a huge fan get a RT!? Send Ryan home man he has no clue what kind of opportunity he has!
I hear you.......without using my ears.
RT : Ladies want to take a photo with the Larry O'Brien trophy? #NBA101 Register NOW: fb.mavs.com/UE5
Maxwell Drew was born! yay!
I used to love hearing Rachel & Lizz describe taking their dogs for a walk in the winter - SO FUNNY!
I just remembered something I said to my high school English teacher ten years ago and I feel embarassed for myself.
A soft refusal is not always taken, but a rude one is immediately believed. - Alexander Chase
Happy Friday! What are you photographing this weekend?
I don't want to go to work
Sittin here wonderin is all this shit really worth it? But fuck it no guts no glory n I'd rather die enormous than live dormant...
I need a big showing this week!
is hosting a FREE nutrition workshop for resident tomorrow night - 5/2 @ 7:30pm. Sign up w/ the door staff!
thank YOU for the continuous support :)
I think once a week is standard, though I know a guy who does it daily. I've never ironed my sheets.
i have got to get my 3 yr old in a dance class...... any suggestions
": Once someone sees you doing better without them, that's when they want you back..." So fn tru
Thanks for the follow Look forward to reading your work If I had some way to be doing 2 or 3 things at once I'd read more
If i died today idt be a holiday, i'm not a star somebody lied i gotta chopper in the car so don't make it come alive.
if you believe it you will receive it!
Over at Eleventh Stack, we try to keep it classy and raise the discourse.
Kate Spade has swimwear!? I feel like I've hiding under a big, giant rock!
thanks for checking in with us over the weekend! We hope you enjoyed your stay!
mention julie for a rim job .. :-)
Yes we do!!! :) I am looking forward to it!
I hope your not actually playing basketball hahaha
the point is that Romney may not be a homophobe, but he is a slave to
Ozias is ok
I didn't know this ditty but it is def rally worthy. I low how she brings back the electric slide!
Done, and I'm done, and I'm on to the next one...
Thank you J Frank!
Navigating Greek town's parking structure is like being in the movie Death Race. I feel lucky to have survived. No spot. Feel let down.
Still gotta go 2 School smh
Not affiliated but absolutely loving the Highlight mobile app
Thanks for the #ff love. I've been on vacation so I've been MIA. Have a great weekend!!
Bless you too man.
Thanks for placing my #LMA12 on your your board! It was great to meet you and hope you enjoyed your time in TX as much as I.
is laughing at this "fair weather" cat calling me now when he didn't know me when he had a job
Congratulations to all the #WWU students who graduated today. You earned it!
Aww, me too(:
Finished My Nails <3 Glo Tomorrow ! I'm Excited :D GoodNightt (:
Twitter is just one big popularity contest to make people feel important consisted of the same old bullshit quotes and generic statements.
And now the studio is a bit flooded. Wonderful.
afternoon :) just enjoying summer break. Hbu :)
enjoying the beautiful spring weather in Philadelphia
girl, I just watched ur Bieber experience & lemme say its BY FAR the best! It was really inspiring & it shows to neversaynever!
Email auto-responder "Sorry, I'm at a conference and can't check my email until Monday..." He must still use Microsoft Outlook
okay now I'm definitely watching that movie tonight
San Francisco to our old house we moved from when we went to Washington. So what has been happening with you?
I'd still eat it.
Mary Mary - Go Get It: via this is it today......
OMG THE SWEDISH BABIES I JUST CAN'T I AM CRYING
Hope you had a great Christmas.
#notacatperson ": I want an ext℮nsion for my browser that filters out pictures of cats"
GET AT ME FOR A FEATURE BIG BROTHA
Bring the bartender a flower tonight and get half off your first drink!
Having to be taken to school<<<<< #NoCar my moms a bitch.
Everyone go follow :D
On a good note. The Yankees could score 30 runs and still only tie the series.
Offer for new office sent...fingers crossed!
The start of college basketball it gets no better than this.
There you go Worth! #NATITUDE in San Diego
Apparently it's Ginsberg recanting Burroughs paraphrasing Yeats, originally
RT : ACRLog is looking for a few good bloggers! Join the team and share your insights on libraries and higher education....
Child pornography sounds terrible but kiddie porn sounds fun.
beer and itunes.
#RedRaiders just embarrassing #Oklahoma right now. Exposing their pass defense on the left side
i just want you to know how much i truely love your music and your true personality if you do see this thats cool;)
visit MyCity Promotions today at Rays Wine is Wauwatosa and try a sample of Tallgrass Beer from 12-3!
I leave in the desert where u girls @ r u girls in the hight desert
Lol But I Do Agree Widd. On What You Said
CatBlock is almost making me rethink my grinchiness about April 1. Almost.
kikwang is cute! I loved the bus scene when lee hongki cries and sings the song. Amazing scene!
I'm pissed at him too and I'm a diehard Dem but what can he do to save himself? I'm disappointed so far.
don't hate
good pt, g'day also more appropriate considering global reach of twitter
What a hot ass day! Ugh! Time to hit the pool :)
people run their mouth about shit they dont need to
did ya see Mandonna perform?? did you like us??
that was my plan all along ha ha
Please direct message your contact information and we will be sure the owners of that location contact you right away
#thoughtsduringschool SUMMER GET HERE NOW!!!!!
Negative. I'm not into any of that self congratulatory BS.
Two critical issues in the post - policy and communication. More support of integrating tech into class vs. prohibiting tech.
dickhead, how your pop spin you on a chair and start grinding your head up with a razor.
HOVABOARDS DON'T WORK ON WATA... UNLESS YOU GOT POWA
iv seen that on facebook >.>
My other fave question: "How will the fishing be this weekend?" (My response: "Hold on a sec- I'll ask...") ;-)
So am I.
pix tomorrow. finally got enough red hair dye in these tresses now I just gotta be FAHHHBULOUSSSS! (sung ala jack mcfarland)
I r b still up. Though, not for long :i/
when ever ur logo says 'lean forward' next 2 it my husband + his friends drink!What a great #hurricane game.Thanks from the flod zone
it's a Christmas miracle! Play solitaire while waiting for the chia hair to grow.
Pause, bikini patrol.
I think you may have the wrong Sarah Manley. Glad to hear another namesake is helpful though :)
The Future of the Liberal Arts College at Lafayette College #Lafayetteconf 4/9-11
GODDAMN YOU, FIESTA! WELL FUCKING PLAYED.
No, Nick Punto, you cannot break the bat over your knee.
Happiness is...whittling your inbox down to 7 emails.
I think it's fair to say everyone owns at least one DVD they never returned to Redbox.
no, but your mom sucked mine last night.
obviously the other way around ha
The laptop is off and it feels so good! Lol
There were scenes during the battle that looked like they were straight from Serenity.
Shabazz on picking UCLA: "I just think it's a challenge knowing how bad they were these last few years."
and I can't keep up with your fast tweeting...but keep it up! Nothing better than the voices of
No :( I wish you could've followed me! D:
To answer ur question, all repairs are done "while you shop" we are fast at fixing any of your jewelry repair needs :)
Just Have To Do My Literature Studies HomeWork And I'm Done :)
YEAH WOO GO SEAN! :D
Thanks for spreading the word! RT will perform Cleopatra, CEO in a vacated LA corporate penthouse Feb 9,
10 Facebook Tips: It isn't Twitter so don't post a new status every couple of minutes, it's annoying move to twitter is way better!
tweet tweet
Send us you skate videos so we can help share!!
my pleasure! Great inspiration! : Thank you for RTing the Nest tweet! xox
it's all on the news. BC student went missing last Wednesday and they're searching around chestnut hill for him today.
New Driver's License in the mail. And a birthday card from Grandma that I can't open until next week. So much sadness.
talks #afrofuturism "B/c we have not been the writers of our past, we are strong stakeholders in our future's story"
thanks, have always enjoyed collaborating with artists (& you are one of my best results!)
you have a beautiful lil girl! Thats the best kind of Friday nights
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you
I'm slowly becoming more and more depressed that my freshman year of college is coming to an end..
I hate when people sit next to me and I clearly don't feel like talking.
cause you saw me, right? ;)
Pls #FOLLOW today!!!
On my way to #jekyll for #gaea conference. Will present tomorrow am on
not much. Legs hurting real bad. What's up?
Thanks for all the support! #PrivatePracitce was great tonight!
air outside is quite pleasant - can you get a cross draft by opening windows?
you have been jailed for hours now!? Twitter is being annoying lately!
Voice command is very cool. I also love the updated Swype and just the great SPEED!
Going shopping again! :)
well, it'll probably really crowded opening night. so i might go the day after :)
Damn, fast big band 2nite. Soloist after soloist, but the rhythm section keeps chuggin'. Drag is that I'd like 2 do tons, but... time flies
ah i hate oversleeping
I love people who stay true to they self
Happy Friday! Happy Hour until 7pm, great wine tasting all day-Gary Farrell Pinot, Rockpile Zin, and The Frank Family Cab! Enjoy.
I'm hungry. Someone come feed me
Soo, being that the world is going to end on saturday, I figured we should get #ifheavenwasamileaway trending! RT
I just managed to quote Joseph Plumb Martin and include a footnote on Thanksgiving foodways, all in the same sentence
No its not
well im really sad now and when im sad i wanna grab a knife and kill myself
I have a long time to think, but I must perfect my outfit!!
Hopefully gonna have an early end to the shoot today- Hardly Strictly Bluegrass festival here I come!!!
Stressed and my head hurts... )':
Moratorium on messy desk layouts, oversized stock icon sets, and "handwriting."
I think we have Mondays to punish us for all the things we did over the weekend!!
We're Splurging at Benihanas and all I want is butter popcorn and a reeses.
Bitch ass is afraid fcking frogs -__-
Epic Magic!
omg I think the show is hilarious!!!
Laughter is the best medicine :)
Trying to find a pink head band at Goodwill.
That was a great quote about the inferiority complex.
Sorry, we miss a few now and again. No automated follow backs here. All taken care of now tho. Thanks for calling us out :)
We are a Real Estate Investment Company and We Follow Back.
I will check it out. Thanks!
It is so quiet in the office today.
Congrats and for a huge weekend!!
That awkward moment when you think someones waving at you, when really they're waving at the person behind you.
- I think once you start selling your personality and image, you start playing by different rules.
im hungry !! my mom need to go grocery shopping -_-
I'll see if I can convince - she loves tater tots. And nachos.
How Bout QueenQ-tip? MadamEargasm ? lol. (Yes I go back to that Rolling Stone Brat Pack Article... hugs. stay strong. namaste.)
sleeping! Which is what I wish I were still doing right now :-)
I can't wait to see this episode--looks great.
On my way to an NYC midtown Studio for a Voiceover recording session.
PROUD TO SAY I'M MEXICAN ~
big things to come people!!!
I wish I had you to hug.
school right now, huh.
I have this great imaginary world,but sometimes I just want things to happen for real.
In the end everyone ends up alone, losing her the only one whos ever known who I am who Im not, who I wanna be
yeah, crazy. Me too but from what I heard on the scanner something bad might have already happened.
I just want everyone to know that this is one of those days where I hate the world.
haha someone's a cutie when they sleep :)
Hey Jeff, good seeing you at the Rocket Bar Opower party. Thanks again for securing the room at LivingSocial for
Thats the danger in starting a fire. You never know how many bridges you'll burn.
“: congrtaz ome of my favs so sorry I couldn't see it. Great job!” Thank You -a great production to be part of
are you not getting the love you need?
Make it snow!
All Commissioners present vote to delay approving contract to demolish Friendship Trail.
Where is ? That is the question.
Steve Jobs created jobs with Apple and so can Obama, with the help of the U.S. congress! Pass the jobs bill now and make Steve proud!
OMG that worked!!! You're a genius, and I applaud you!
Our Wednesday wine tasting is featuring 5 wines for $5 from 6 to 8. Like us on facebook at Fifty Seven Degrees to see the lineup.
Who else can tell right now we're gonna get into a fight with 8 Flavahs fans.....?
wow that ACT was way harder than the first! hopefully i improved, even just one point increase makes a difference!
That moment when you're like "I don't give a fuck!" When honestly that is the one thing that matters to you the most
is too Gorgeous ♥
Hubby didn't fall for the April Fool's joke that I ripped the Thule off the top of the car when driving into the garage. Thought it was...
Fresh Besto Pesto at Mandela Foods Co-op in West Oakland all day and everyday!
Gotta love an artist that loves her fans!
you are a great person
Editing wedding photos while watching The Bang Bang Club... Complete opposites.
I'm good scheming to see what mischief I will find myself into today . Lol
LOL! No! That was your favorite song!
1 thing I hate is not being acknowledged. I don't need to have everyone's attention all of the time, I just want to know others know I exist
Love my cashmere sweater on a mid-January day.
So, who are you wanting to win the CL final?
SOMEONE HURT MY SISTER OMFG NO THAT GIRL IS LUCKY SHE LEFT BEFORE I FOUND HER SO PISSED SOMEONES GONNA DIE >:o
english may be having a rough night but he's a hell of a player from what I can tell
really upset that I didn't get to meet you. Too much push & shove. Maybe next time? I cried every time you were on stage!
thanks for the tweet!
She's also in Contraband with Marky Mark! Have you seen that yet? It's pretty good.
You're welcome! And thanks for reading my tweets :)
yeah i know and my day has been fine
GIVEAWAY: Follow & Re-Tweet this for a chance to win a $25 gift card for an awesome breakfast at Communal in Provo!
it has been a long time. didn't know you're in RVA.
Shain Gillette EVERYONE: only hours remaining to help save our film. Please take a look at www.IndieGoGo.com/the-fate-of-phoenix
MakerFaire: The only place where normal conversations include "...and it's right next to the giant robot."
ION LOVE EM ION CHASE EM I DUCK EM...
Watching Scandal. I'm confused. -.-
RT Who's rockin out @ the Vans Warped Tour in PDX 2day?! The Burgerville Nomad will be there 2 fuel U in btwn performances!
LOL! it's ok Jorge would just tell him they moved the plate to Queens- just like when you were pitching! :)
Sometimes, the people you can't imagine living without, can actually live without you
always enjoyable. service was stellar.
So much for sleeping in, holding water for the runners out my window on 59th street.
Dallas next?
More proof of the Berkeley/Albany Wild Turkey Takeover.
I'm Stiilll VOTING IDC IF I'M SUPOSE TOO I'M STILL GONNA VOTE:D :)ILYShawty<3
Me too! I sat with my sister in law's family and her brothers friends. Hahahhahaha oh geez. That was exciting. :P
saying... "OH YEAH I REMEMBER" when you really don't
“: you believe everything you read huh? get the facts.” u must b the top 1% if not ur fooling urself
I dislike my phone's auto corrections sometimes. It makes me seem very sexual. Not saying that I'm not >.<
Time to make the donuts!!! Wake up, Get up and do something productive!!!
Speaaking to my best friend love her
of course dudes, email us when you're planning on coming through nc!
& I got off at 12.
RT : What a great acquisition Michael Cuddyer has been for the Rockies.
if you got a fine moma RT and let me see her jk haha
S/O to all my new followers
Ditto! RT : Awesome! Fingers crossed. RT : Just submitted my membership grant app. Wish me luck!
Yes, come see us in KC! I have friends on the local planning committee for JCLC.
Saatchi's new twitter avatar is ripped off from Merriam Webster dictionary, pretty sure.
my biggest fear is that I am entirely superior to everybody I know, and that over the rest of my life, I will have no meaningful experiences
Pretty cool rumor about some good concerts coming to Reading. Corridor is buzzin'.
No one wants their retrospective to be constantly held in the secondary market.
Good morning, Jacksonville!
I mean , I guess. Lmao
You've hit the follow limit!
I am! But I should still be able to make time for Justin and my followers. ):
A seemingly conservative company such as Yellow Pages are opening up their crown jewels via
Ditto that! RT nice :) dark chocolate for me please! ^J
that is both adorable and creepy, but mostly adorable. ;-)
Show tonight at Malarkey's in Wausau, WI starts precisely at 10-ish...give or take a few minutes
OMG!!! So do I. I live for college football GO BIG RED!!!
twitter could easily be the foremost tool for international communication if it would join with google translate
Follow me! is a Awsome account related to Porn!;)
It might be Tuesday, but we are already thinking about Sunday brunch! We have an insane craving for our Corn Flake Crusted French Toast.
I forgot it was Oscar Sunday since nobody remembered to put when Oscar Sunday was on the ads.
If you want to keep it professional. You can follow me for school gardening tweets. Feel free to keep following me here 2
Pamela - we're moving from Port Ludlow to Bainbridge Island - tomorrow!
Dinner with Phil and Nancy!
I act like I know everything, when I really don't. I care too much, I cry too much, I worry way too much, and I never say what I need to.
def wouldnt want him to lose his electrolytes.
nope some cash if you want food/drinks at the tailgate its going to be awesome
My job bout that fuck shit.
G8 Meeting? All we need is a zombie apocalypse and that will ROCK! :D
thanks for the info. I'm a beginner rider so it helps a ton.
Sounds great!
"But collective thinking is usually short-lived. We're fickle, stupid beings with poor memories and a great gift for self-destruction."
I bought the deal of the day yesterday..no monies, but I managed. YIKES!
dunk over Ibaka should make
I NEED A CHILLEN BUDDY. I BE SO BORED. I JUST DO SHIT ON MY OWN AND WITH MY RIGHTHAND WHEN SHE IS AROUND.
Blur vs. Oasis? Obama admitted he preferred Menswear to either.
:) i heard it sometime back and i just remembered it, God bless!
Finally a new avi? Nice. :-)
happy birthday!
I want a british accsent. :>
Just spent the better part of my morning reminding myself he aint shit. Should have remembered that last night.
I'm excited to be sending my first tweet. Tonight I'm working on my installation speech. I hope to be inspiring next week.
Happy birthday ! Loved dancing with
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height.
Hey Celtics crushed the Cavs last night. Don't think Miami is gonna be so lucky
Um, no. I think shamrock shakes are gross. Just because they're green doesn't mean they're Irish!
Out for the night with you know it's going to be crazy!
Gracias amiga, good Bday so far! Looking forward to seeing you soon! 😄
I'm filled with jealous rage right now. RT : I got to see two times in one week!
ATLAS WINKED
WHAT! You're crazy. Is that because they were a bad decision to begin with or because of society and their beliefs?
car insurance-Oklahoma City | Yukon Experience
Happy day, now go have one! Your #ChevyGirls say so.
Sometimes I just look back to what I just did and be like,"Why the hell did I just do that?"...
bf is best friend by the way :)
Sorry, internet is so bad here. He talked about reclaiming spirituality & using content creation as a service to help others
doctor major was thought up by the Greeks?
yarn,knitting needles... ugh...I'm very confused.. Haha
WOOP WOOP SOUTH BEACH NEXT WEEKEND!
We'll be playing SXSW this year with a slew of good bands. Come see us March 17th at the Gypsy Lounge if'n you're down that way.
What's for dinner? We hear the event is going great!
LETS FUCKIN GO MIAMI
Ventured into the school today...moved my bookcase (with lots of help) to my new room...negative - room is smaller....positive - blinds
hey buddy you a big baseball fan would love to have you on my baseball podcast
The decision has been made im officially moving to Florida once I get married
I see. Thanks for explaining! I was kind of curious about smaller cities too, I don't think it's as big of an influence in Oslo.
Anyone know if there's a Wheel of Fortune slot machine in the ??
.randomass #'s calling me.
I was thinking of it; but I don't have a TV with an HDMI in... I think it will be the Facetime machine for talking with iFamily.
Barcade tonight? Yeah now that's what I call a good time.
Jacksonville?! Be sure to take in all of the great sights!
Why Todd Davidson CEO of Travel Oregon was picked to chair the U.S. Travel Advisory Board. One-on-One 2 6:30pm KGW.
Did i really tell someone i would kiss their pisshole lastnight?
:)) thank you RT I love your avi
Dear whoever may be reading this, you're beautiful and don't you ever forget that. ❤
no problem
Almost game time.
Be sure to tweet your ?'s for using
I updated my Goodreads shelves w The Ionia Sanction by Gary Corby & The Mirage Man by David Willman - very different books, but both good.
tired of the same look! Nothing spectacular but any and everything about me thinks is amazing and f#%* sexy! Lol!
Also, it's written by Dan Abnett.
Waitaminute, this Kathy Griffin show is genius.
Beyond excited 2c "Girl With the Dragon Tattoo". Read books and got hooked! Previews look good, heard good things. Might have 2 go 2 theater
Small Group Night on the Houseboat in Lake Union ...
Hmm. My iPhone Facebook app doesn't seem to be working, so I can't post my every detail. . . (Maybe that's a good thing.)
Pls RT: Everyone say hi 2 #Connected 's newest family member Diane Yay Diane! We're excited to have you!!!
Doing shots at distil since I can't get into dicks. Thanks bouncer calvin
Need #beats #production #studiotime for your project? Hit me up!
welcome to the party
thanks for the follow
your welcome...so whats new phillip...whats goimng on??
Thanks a lot! I appreciate it.
Somebody help me out and please tell me the rangers score! Id appreciate it.
Yup- see you soon. It will be great to connect in person :)
So now that we're no longer together, my face is ugly, but you were calling beautiful while were together...whatever...
depends on how you read his "outside my home" Is home his house or the City of Louisville? I read it as the later...
Save Me with Anne Heche on NBC in midseason looks like a huge miss.
lol im coming up this weekend! can i see you saturday?
WIsh there was a practical way to practice hand shaking online! - #careerchat"
Thinking positive gets results!
I miss you too ! you used to always come over my house and hangout , now you never do ):
Happy early birthday! (: We love you!
really dad
Do you snore or have sleep apnea, know someone that does? Did you know we can help with a simple mouth appliance? call today 303 975 6987
Please teach your narrators the difference between "further" and "farther." Usage errors detract from your message.
What time is Heidi starting? RT : CSI is a repeat tonight. So is Antiques Road Show. Anything else on at 9PM tonight?
We are at #DriscollsMoments having a blast!!!
Let's go Stros!!!
Globe has been sabotaging my business calls since last week!.
Vocalists! Wanna try out out for our band? Send us an email at guy or girl :)
Too bad NEWT never meets expectations as a leader. Always sounds good but ego is off the charts. Never was and never will be a leader.
Thanks for visiting! It was so awesome seeing you again! :)
We are NOT back on school vouchers. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
Likewise! You and your fan are teh awesom. Great time indeed.
It's just the terrible Tuesday's setting in. Haha glad you can shake it off! #LOVE makes it all better
At this damn 5 hour course! -_-
I think I wanna chill an relax in the tub.
If Monsanto kills the Honey Bee, they will be "To big to Fail"
I really hate the way my dad chews his food -___- it's annoying Lol!!
-thnx. Standing/praying with you. Pharisees have always attacked the genuine.
Holy hell its on!! Recording the first Micro show!
We called out Ochocinco as a MUST START this week - did you get him on *your* team? #HTSP www.hottubsleeperpicks.com
any news about the LA date? My friends and I are dying to know (:
Finna start getting my body in shape for band camp...cos I'm pretty sure it's gone suck lol.
#WhatAWomanNeeds is a man who wants to hold her boobs up so she never has to wear a bra. At least put your arm underneath for speed bumps.
Love listening to my boys play and talk to each other with love!
THIS --->": We need to be around people that make deposits and not just withdrawals. - #Lifeclass"
#NYCSportsReport: First satellite tag study for manta rays reveals habits and hidden journeys of ocean
I'm sitting on my bed in pajamas. :) You?
And the #May2-4 Weekends starts now ... Have a great one everybody!!
You're welcome, Kenny! Thanks for reading my books!
It's official........Jonathan Delman is a USC Trojan!
I'm uploading this week's Mail Monday as I tweet! It's so good this week!
Why am I at a Hootie and the Blowfish show?
Final Four were we come!!! O-H
thanks for the 411 but your mate on the les paul shreds i gotta get me some of that, Joy !
Plan on having a stone cold brew by at Tap Haven to beat the heat.
Use the powerful Restaurant Web Builder (RWeB) to create your own restaurant website in minutes for Free!
Time machine, take me to The Crumperie on Christopher Street in Greenwich Village, 1920. I'm having crumpets & tea with Christopher Morley.
Have you seen the day glow cover? Open it up, two Globe stories inside!
abaut to text u buddy
"We believe the power to communicate, and therefore imagine & organize for a new future must belong to everyone"
is kicking it!
Okc is rapping Orlando
Be sure to post photos of the outcome!
Can you say "Dude, I just shredded my groin muscle"?
Miss your face
gkettingk fat as ever ima take piks with her n my son in a few weeks
Thanks for letting us come play with you today. Had a good time!
Happy hour all day today... Sonic here I come. It's slush time!
At Mr Eds
Feeling so tired, blah :P I need an energy drink! :)
I am pretty wanted :D
We've got #Atlanta's Ojeda Penn in the jazz building talking about his show at Loews in conjunction w the
Live Life Like A Free Bird...You're A Plastic Mentally Challenged Lawn Flamingo
lol! One reason why I don't carry a gun.
4/17/1756->J.F. Mercer: The persons you engage as Spies must set out immediately&if they bring intelligence, transmit it immediately to me
It was great! “: ! Can't wait to learn from Rep. & ICE Director John Morton at the Copyright of Way panel.”
we will go over there tomorrow. I don't want to drive right now
Thank you for the #FF ♥
Wtf groove shark mobile? Taylor swift? Not even if it where the only thing that could heal deaf ears.
One of the nicest tweets all day - all week. Thank you. Just learned my Klout score is climbing but I don't influence. Wha?
Next Sun Directv will b offerin a 1day free preview of NFL Sun Ticket. The Superfan pack and all HD games are also included in the preview.
Good start to #NF challenge. Indoor at #SERF I just finished a 3.22 mi run with a pace of 11'03"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Ours, too. Already attacking the raspberries and the front garden.
I'm trying to explain to my gf that we don't need more METAL we need more BASS!!! :)
Stand by - We'll be sharing letters of support from veterans organizations on the Cummings bill to protect servicemembers from foreclosure.
Good Luck and I fully support you lil bro go and get another standing ovation God Bless You
with all these ladies showing off their goodies you would think men would be desensitized, like watching the news everyday.
#ThingsiDislike confused people who dont kno what they want
TY 4 the RT! Gr8 2 hear from u. We r enjoying spring weather w/ daffodils and hyacinths blooming.
Many thanks!
aw I love you for remembering ( :
The Atmosphere inside the American Airlines Arena is Electric!!! #NewYorkSucks!!!
cool background. not
Santorum wouldn't approve of 4 guys "having fun."
I just found david garrett twitter. You have to hear this guy play! A true artist amazing talent wowowowoo.
Dare to be distinct...
Grandma's wake this morning
Just played some volleyball in my backyard with my oldest nephew.
very nice! :)
I'm going to fast from face-to-face contact with people for a whole day. It has become a big problem in my life.
if u really loved yourself then you would never ever shortchange yourselves!!! do the things that make ur career go
mp3 n mascato-
thank you that's just 1 of 3 that I have
Trying to change my password, but my email has also been changed. How do I get in to change it without receiving the email?
I had no idea you were from Monteagle Mountain ;) (Said the man who grew up on Lookout)
Good morning Twitter followers! Or is it a good morning for you? One of those just #dealwithit days?
Just found out about Looks like a cool event.
awesome! Can't wait to see the new game! Just read a little about it. Go Nord!
hi umm ya you, you tweet every five seconds. shut up thanks! (:
States spend over $25 billion in federal, state and local funds for child welfare.
Slowly but surely making every shitty part of my life better!
went to Little Big Horn National Monument this weekend. What a disappointment! They made it seem like it was the Indians' fault...ugh
What do you mean?
Out of ALL our Daily Specials, which one is your favorite ?
Who are the freeks of the industry?
M&m's commercial the best so far!
Is it true that Saban wanted Brees but was overruled?
Win an Oatmeal from McDonald's! Just tell us what your favorite thing is about the month of May. Email with your answer.
i will follow all my followers back! plase follow me! i will follow you back once im off follow limit ! your awesome ! Thanks xo
it's probably hard to get in there with that disembodied foot in the way.
Bassists in L.A Wanted: Bass Player Needed For One-Time $Gig On 1/10. Click "Gigs" tab on drum-studio.com
Day just got bad...working on multiple client deadlines without my Mac. Thankful for my iPad and Dropbox.
Our second annual film festival is on October 14-16! Submit your best films by June 30th at midnight! www.astorialicff.com!
fortune small business ceases publishing...yikes! so many pubs going out
watching Keith Lemons Lemonaide has doubled my want for a pug!
Doing my Biology Cell homework, someone save me!
THE MOTTO
how many verses? its puttin its socks n shoes on ready to go out the door
Totally silly to see you. Miss ya, gal. Bev
I just got hella sad..
I swear some people were conceived through anal sex because there is no way being that much of an asshole is not natural! lmfao
Two words that are uttered less and less these days: THANK YOU.
New items on the way for the Chef's and seasonal tasting menus, as spring blooms in Chicago...
for a week, stayin with my grandparents in temecula
when is your birthday, mine was yesterday!
KFC gots me feeling like a fat pig!
#FF back at you Esteemed colleagues: Honored!
Mystery headache: if 4 ibuprofen, 3 xtra hrs of sleep, two Neti pot-irrigated nostrils, and one giant cup of tea won't fix you, bugger off!
18 more days of waking up at 6 in the morning, cant wait
If you don't show hard or trap Kyrie Irving on the pick-&-roll you're asking for trouble. But what do I know...
It's all done with computers.
Your missing out on the party of the year!!! lol
Thank you for sharing the website. Enjoy your week!
man fuck instagram that shits be fucking up since Facebook bought and it was available on android
como diz o slogan da Nike: "Just Do It"
Just signed up as a VHP with ! www.deliveringhappiness.com
what you see is not all of me
Thanx #allofme is delight to listen to this morning
Could be screwed then. Hopefully the class gets better.
Clippers have to make those EASY shots. Spurs methodically keep their offense running with jumpers. Gotta close out better.
RT : Really excited about the upcoming Open House at the Stutz building with the #StutzArtists. April 27-28th.
Fund Raiser, then sum dancing and drinks
": Everybody talking About a Damn Valentine . #FUCK a Mafckin Valentine!"#"Aint it Mane"
warren sapp should develop an iphone app called warren's app
Does the person with the most boards win? What's the prize? Who's the mark?
If I see a picture of shoes you bet your ass I'm gonna click on that shit, because I need it, gimme.
Which reminds me.. hey are you or did fill out a NCAA tournament bracket sheet?
What's the move in the city tonight besides this toga party? I need something to do.
RT LFG12: I'm pretty sure has the best tweets I have ever read in my life.
Understand that there is a segment of this popularion that will do ANYTHING to not have this 'Stand Your Ground' changed!!
": RT any advice to unsigned artist? <<believe in urself & invest in urself TRUUU"
No luck at San Fran. I'm sad but my wallet is happy
A Tennis court just opened from 2-3pm. Call now to book 414-352-4900!!
Yikes , did I just see a hairy buttcrack 0.o im fcken scared bro ;o
You know the moth infestation is getting bad when you think its raining, but it's just the moths hitting ur window..
RT The Poor and Middle-Class Fight and Die in Our Wars, the Rich Could at Least Pay for It
I would follow you everywhere
just had this convo w/ "hard-to-get marketing"? MT Is it true that The Lot (High Line) isn't open in 2012?
Higher Education Is my #1 priority!
playgirldotcomvan.com . That is all.
Are you joining us for #sharktank??
Yesterday could've ended really really wrong but it ended really really right.
Just spent the last three hours making a super cool lego space ship!!!
Interesting... RT : The opposite of virtual is NOT real.
you need to watch it in costume!
#DYK By using a ceiling fan w/ the air conditioner, you could save 4-8% on your bill for each degree you raise the thermostat.
listening today is making me believe he is guilty even tho no 1 wants 2 believe it. Time 2 b a man and admit guilt & start a new
Oh! And what it takes to get his attention.
Oh jamie, my Jamie, Jus give me 3 minutes with Jamie foxx, I bet you he cum.
It ain't no fun, if the homies can't get none!
Just discovered great historic and more contemporary ('60s and '70s) ephemera from Chicago. Give 'em a follow.
hi peeples its time to tweet about my personal life i suppose. umm i had a dirty thought when the hot chick at Starbucks asked what i wanted
Umm megan hasn't tweeted before!!!!
I won't even try 2 argue 4 Brick Lane's finest! Wonder if I can swing a study trip before my post-doc finishes ;-)
I'm not even thinking about web-specific. More like "what does programming even mean"
An oath! Tee hee. Pony Express riders took a no swearing or drinking oath. Was it like that?
I guess you have a problem when your friend needs to take a purple pill to hang out with you cc
- its like a gumball machine full of ADD and magic!
that nigga wanted a A so bad lmfao
Extended standing-O, loudest it's been during a TV timeout at any point in the series. #momentum?
Wondering if the ref that blew the call is gonna geta beat down
It's tax prep time! Free tax assistance will be available on 3/31/12 from 10am-3pm at at the Chula Vista Library (365 F).
Phylicia Rashad will star with Kene Holiday and Hattie Winston in "A Charleston Olio". Go get your tickets now at www.nbtf.org!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY ! Can i get a shout out pleasee!!???(:<3
Some Santa Cruz local just tried to tell me how dangerous sz is... I didnt listen tho and i'm still walkin so fuck that dude!
Yessir! How are you brother?
aww Im sorry rexie :'( at least you didnt go outside...i had to and i died!
This is the last night of work, then a night off& spending it with my daughter. She's pretty awesome!!!!
android app is out. iOS pending approval.
Watching events in Tahrir Square on my new laptop. Just hope it's not 1979 again.
Yes, u should join our caravan there for the 80th anniversary in September. RT “: Wow. Just wow...”
Have not found a place yet....it's a struggle....Still trying to get 6-6 to his dreams....
#Journalism is nothing but a search for the truth in every issue, so that people can get the information they need.
God I actually know what citrix synergy is . I am a geek
Excited about the new show. Looking really good after a long day of editing...
lucky for both of us, he has not.
Happy #Easter! Hope you are enjoying this day with your friends and family :)
Tuesday, it's just Monday twice...
Baked salmon and garlic green beans for lunch was yummy!!
yes lets do it, obviously our national color is purple
#3WordsForYou Boston Three Party
The night is dark and full of terrors. A new episode of Game of Thrones starts in 5 minutes at 9PM on HBO. "retweet" if you're watching.
Get down to Lottie's as soon as humanly possible - Nick is ripping it up with The Lottie's Mule! Rye, strawberry, ginger ale!
"chocolate subway marshmallow overcoat" Richard Manuel RIP!
DAM U GOT A CAKE
": We’re all in the same game, just different levels. Dealing with the same hell, just different devils." One of my favorite lyrics
And what exactly does this have to do with graffiti, emceeing, b-boying, and turntablism?
You're welcome. We'd love for you to follow too. We focus on youth and successful transition. Mentoring is a part of that success.
Write drunk; edit sober.
What ever happened to KONY...?
When we linkin up Supreme Beatz??
"where do we go from here with all this fear in our eyes?"
Tonight, nothing but usually I am scrambling to get my assignments in by tonights 11pm deadline. Right now, I am listening to Snow Patro ...
"When trouble comes meet it, get along with it as best you can, and then let loose of it." Juliet V. Strauss
Seeking ideas for education iPad apps.
I'll give you credit but no money!
totts gf. See u at the bay.
I didn't take a nap today
I was just now told it's World Penguin Day. Enjoy it--it comes but once a year.
raises? What's that? :)
Did you buy some $HUN when I call a pop? if you'd got 1000 share you would be up 380! just sold mine done for the day.
Sometimes the girl who has been. There for everyone else needs someone to be there for her.
Cool!!! My wife dreams that one day he'll throw a bag of swag at her.
I would love to hear about the career opportunities
Happy New Year! Wishing everyone a prosperous 2011!
Why Get Paintings for Sale UK Online - paintings for sale
Romney will bring us what,a better america,hm. what they will not tell us to win ! don't vote fear.........
Wedding Shows - For Better or For Worse?
he is not!!! My baby is perfect just the way he is(:
Tenex Health Reaches 1,000 Patient Milestone within Seven Months of Commercial Launch
rock candy baby! nice! still a sammy fan.
I hate homework
It must be hard to shoot at 0 elevation.
Sorry to say my experience the same/I taught my students compassion and caring,but not what they found in the real world.Sad:(
Really?? I'd love to read it! What a great topic. I didn't realize they appraise content, I thought they accepted all submissions.
I had fun with afta shock SD
oh aww poor austin
Gt this blunt bouta feel real nice:-):-) who wanna come smoke witt da kid;-)
Slept all 1st and now I'm home for 3rd and 4th #senioryear ;)
I want to be my #SecretSanta :D
pretty good... How you doin'
So how bout them avengers $$$
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Ensemble, Resident Play goes to... KING LEAR
Whatsup ? I think it's time to go to work partna!
I'm sad and negative right now im trying 2 maintain but how can you?? Getting off for the day or week (tears)
Working this week, going to miss you all
Dinner with at cads mono!!! Amazing food!!
that's the best snack... good call
please follow ! its JADENS OFFICIAL ARMY!Tell your followers to do the same<3thanks!OH! and they follow back!
Desire can be like a drug
how rediculous is the party scene in LA for Richie and Carts now? Its no Sea Isle!
yes! Gotta send my babies off to prom lookin hawt.
thank you!:)
Ha ha! I'm actually coughing right now. But, I think it's allergies.
Celebrating Anniversary today.
do you know which games i'm talking about? they are my secret shame/passion. it's like where al of my productivity goes.
RT : "To achieve your dreams, you must embrace adversity and make failure a regular part of your life." - John Maxwell
About to go on to promote solar energy systems. Our goal is 50 throughout District 8 for low-income homeowners.
Thanks so much for following me. I hope my tweets inspire you.
I'm also "employed, with a side of startup" (). Are you Indian? ("Karma"'s Indian, eh?) I'm Canadian. Undercover.
RT : Eyes of the nation will be on Bank of America & Charlotte. Respect shareholders & free speech
Thanks for the RT.
r u serious? Look what I resp
Looking like you are ready to get out and do #Something !
Another vegan web developer in Charlotte!? I think my brain just exploded. Happy to meet you.
Congrats on your poster! Soon, we'll provide you with a web badge to promote your session. Stay tuned.
Sounds of Theo's music in the lobby & smell of Saha food is idyllic. :) Come stay at Hotel Carlton for an experience to remember folks!
Hooker lose a critical #CivilWar battle due to mercury poisoning? Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan and find out. $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
at the same shop! They guy there recommended another sauce, but I'll buy yours to compare next time too! Yum!
We already have eaten there, I think. I believe you left your bag there two years ago.
Done with College WOOHOO!!--Back to DALLAS!! Summer Starts NOW ;)
wakin up is the second hardest thing in the morning lol
let me see what's up ... give me 10 min to resolve ... back shortly
Remember to come out to COPPERFIELD's tomorrow to catch our show! We go on at 12 am - perfect time to rock n roll!!
Wow! So glad I found you gals. Love your work. :-)
A special guest will be co-hosting with & on March 27th! We will be releasing more tomorrow!
text me
Fuller says dramatic changes in Loudoun's character would be near stations, not throughout county.
All that is for me to have and its been so far so good. RT What do u want from life
For Chula Vista, it's all about on #AmericanIdol tonight! Go Jessica!
Tattoo finally done love it Yeah Buddy
Oh boy! U know it's the AKA regional here? Don't get in trouble w/the pink&green!RT : bruhz coming owt tonight
2 mile run, check....time for Zumba!
I hate that I misspelled Spoelstra.
People would rather "jump into" knowledge. Don't give me a course on driving when all I need is to get to airport.
So Louis,you finally got that boat?
Heritage Coffee Company, Juneau, Alaska has a great Web for specialty coffee roasters in Juneau, Alaska. www.heritagecoffee.com/
Gonna party at the pool!
Oenotheque? Had a phenomenal bottle of that last week. Brilliant wine that just keeps rolling!
Walk out to your car in pairs tonight, rapes up 8%.
i got botox balls.. would you lick these balls lol in my dave chappelle voice
I'm not so andrea
you don't know the half.
2nite come 2 the Launchpad 4 DCD's 2012 Calendar release party, featuring Suspended, Requiem Mass, Caustic Lye, Torture Victim, & Diverside
guess ill finish watching think like a man
My head hurts. A lot.
Thanks for the BlogWorld RT! Are you planning to attend next year?
yes, home now after a lot of flying.
but not our intern's aunt?
smell of defeat =.=
Same shit jus a different day
OK COOL.
WASTE LAND. A documentary based around the lives of garbage pickers by Vik Muniz who creates art out of recycled material. So wonderful!
thank you thank you. website coming super soon:)
Join K-LOVE for an Easter Egg Hunt: 2-4 today at Riverside Park in RiversEdge II in Rio Rancho!
Slim's charges two dollars to print your own ticket instead of Will Call. This is the world we're leaving for our children?
Settling in for the eve w/ Green Flash Grand Cru.
Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. Just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing.
RT : RT : Without healthy conflict, your development and work can become stagnant. - Lorene Schaefer
are you going to be home soon?
That awkward moment when you find out your friend is dating your ex
We are now on your smart phones!!! Come check us out!!
over all today was a legit day , he made my day <3
We are looking forward to seeing Barabara and Vikki at this week's MegaCamp for KW Commercial, and showing their App and Website!
Please open the LASER ACCURACY! Laser Pointer Store
Off to a bull roast hosted by my dad's MC.
That would be vintage Heather, all right!
ONE SHOW, we are done with you. #cyalaterSTRIDE. p.s. everyone knows totally winning it all.
I Hella Fucked Up My Freshman Year . .
Top Public Documents Masterfile searches in March: 1. Washington, 2. Spain, 3. First amendment
real housewives of new jerseey! (: try outs are tomorroww! (:::
I would walk through the desert I would walk down the aisle I would swim all the oceans just to see you smile
first experience with Megabus heading to Columbia and back today. Off to a good start: bus on time. Coming home at 4 today might be tricky
Here i go again...
ordering lunch from :-D #nomz!
Opposites attracted me to today's NY Times crossword puzzle.
Never heard such an eloquent burn RT "Your desire to live in the zone of proximal development is very low
No sacrifice, no victory.
happy birthday to my most gracious leader!
What a beautiful day here in Fort Worth! Its 80 degrees and sunny. Now If I could just import a beach!
If i think about it i slept for almost exactly half of today
$85 sounds like a bargain to me. Did your wheel taco, or just broken spokes?
“: Thanks to all our new followers! Be sure to follow us on our NEW channel #oneunion #merger” Let's see the magic!
Riding for Bike Safety
Hope you're having an amazing time! Totes jealous!
GAME 4 TONIGHT IN #SMASHVILLE!! LET'S GO !!!!!!
“All good books are alike in that they are truer than if they had really happened...” ~ Ernest Hemmingway
A rep from Wisconsin made negative comments about Michelle Obama saying that she had a big butt and should be telling us what to eat. WOW!
My hair got attacked by the humidity today. I hate humidity, love the heat though.
And there's some showmanship going on at The Garden, thank you very much.
I promise! lol I wouldnt do that to people I just send like 3 txts from my phone and they all have ringtones attached to them
yes I agree
I checked a couple of ur vids on YouTube that shits funny as hell ive been looking for something like that
lol was that me nd u who went off on drew that day. then tried to get him to retweet us? haha
RT : Another amazing weekend at , all thanks to my host/overnight roomie ! Thanks for everything once again!
looking forward to seeing you back on the course
stay positive.
My hearts heavy. .
I did! and i love this book... please follow me :)
I ALREADY FOLLOWED YOU & SUBSCRIBED YOU on keek, please………… follow back(: My name is
wow! i do remember cheese and tomato coming into it...#mental any plans for tonight?
There is always a bigger fish.
Air Force One flew over the meet. Not what i had in mind to see Obama, but I'll take it.
fuck that song that keeps reminding me of you
hi baby c:
We're with you! RT : No, really, I'm going #running any minute now.
I was Real happy to see u to Kayla I swear I was I will come around more. Call me ok.
juss nothing posted at tha crib
your welcome. No but seriously, its boring without you!
RT : Front offices of both Den and Mia remain extremely confident they will get Peyton Manning
Damn I have more fun going to studio than doing anything else ! Smh
I just finished a 1.07 mi run with a time of 11:14 with Nike+ GPS.
On his 30th birthday, my boyfriend has decided to break out his N64 and play. Should I be worried?
Confused right now. The Bartimeaus Trilogy... There're four books...? Jonathan Stroud, you failed.
How do people have drama? I guess I don't because I'm fucking spectacular.
Love always finds a way.
Just walked outside to find my dog laying in the grass eating an eggo waffle...
Human Cake Pop...you know it's that thing where midgets are covered in icing and take up pole dancing.
TONIGHT 6-8pm at NYU The Piers on Film artists and curator discussion!
Thanks , I hope so too!
#IMissWhen I would go to my moms room when it was raining.
She tried to sell some pussy to me for $40 a nut ..
ARE YOU FREAKING SERIOUS?!!!
Let's try that again...
i always have way too much energy
All I really need in life is Harry potter and pandora and sleep
