Eminem Stan is the truth
Im About To Stop Fuckin With These Unfortunate Hoes Nbs
no way really?
Let us know what you think when you do!
Still need Mother's Day dinner reservations for this Sunday? Call 608-819-6319/Email . No minimum party size.
Back at ya Sharry
Let's go jayhawks!!!!
Gingrich: individual mandate was "conservative" back during Hillarycare. Now? Unconstitutional
yup, arrived yesterday :)
You guys going to be in the normal spot in Wynwood tonight with everybody else?
don't look now but the #Pirates are 2 games over .500 AND only 3 games out of 1st place
99% of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
probably. Its just very surprising... I thought she was very... Straight?
to users? no. to marketing? yes.
thanks man, means a lot when people dig in. Appreciate it
is fierce and I love her for standing up for herself, I grew up supporting her I'll continue to do so!
Thanks for the RT!!
#backofbenz what is your shoe of choice for #NYFW February shows?
RT I know sorry • better be !
Congrats to #SportingKC on his engagement. Marriage is an institution. Hopefully a straight jacket won't be required.
Seriously have never been this happy! Defiantly going.to bed with a smile on my face<3
Test b4 the testimony!!!
I am off to Texas to judge a National Beauty pageant for positive pageantry seg for my TV show pic will be up when I get back
Vote early and often Nov 2nd. It's proven to be effective.
S/O to all the single mothers that's doing everything they can to provide for their kids... I SALUTE you!
RT : NM Supreme Court denies appeal of Salinas' terms of release. Unlikely Salinas will be sworn in as mayor before deadline.
I cannot stand group messages.
i love pups!
i lovee the wayy you look when your blazin'.
Stay in Minneapolis.... I dont want you to leave :P :(
Had a great time: I had a fast meeting today with and two incredibly smart, fun, talented women.
you don't live with her or is she in jail?
Turbotax has an incentive for IRS interface to be difficult; they present an easier alternative.Ideally, no need for TT at all
HOLLer --> rt “: Enjoy lunch on us - Lunch in the Mezzanine from 12pm-2pm brought to you by ”
Guy on tour bus who lost his hat:
Business are going to have to change how they service customers that use mobile apps.
We're excited for the #ABQ Beer Drinkers Meet Up today at 3 p.m. See you all there!
Thanks to those who bought tickets to the ADDYs. It'll be a big crowd. Glad the ADDY committee added more bars this year.
I am already sick of the Handgun Carry Law. How can so many places over ride a rule that was voted law?
not Boomer's loud mouth.
I know! And I'm sorry, but I'm pretty sure Dahvie loves tits. And she has tiny ones compared to other girls that were there
last time you said that it wasn't a spider at all!
Whenever someone tells me about a new acquisition, I ask them if they paid the Iron or Gold price. Thx
BP and Bilderberg share a similar roster. Did you know?
Happy Birthday Bob Marley.
One can only hope!
Way to egg'em on matt RT : Interesting that there is very little conversation or engagement on the PDX DMS stream
I want it all.
It was a sunny day, here in SJ.
okay, but actually instant coffee is the worst tasting thing. hold your nose and drink up
All this nice weather also keeps reminding me Stella needs a bath. Maybe this weekend as it's supposed to be really nice.
I thought the only sure things this year were paulino/Chen. I thought paulino was very good last yr.I only worried bout health
you da man! Clutch...bring #11 home to stl ....great individual and team play!
Me & made a nice ass breakfast for my momma :D
// Spanking an aggressive child is like trying to extinguish a fire with gasoline.
Roberto my man how was ur day?? Love you lots<3 hope u follow back ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Ahh Found my Ex's #Yankees Shirt. So wearing it 2morrow ! & Yes I still have his Clothes & his #Yankees Jacket !
Watching High School Musical 3 to see how they handle senior year!
haha so glad I've been meeting so many people lately. the people I thought I knew sure aren't keeping up with what I thought of them at all.
That is the worst. Especially with the price hike. RT I feel wasteful not using my monthly metrocard for the past 4 days
So... There's a line for green frog... Never have I ever
Morning, Chris.
Wow, new pic. You look even hotter! ;)
I'm probably just gonna order a pizza and chill today. Don't feel like going out or seeing anybody
sleep is overrated after 2night, great sets at #Freddys with G$, then sang with The Orbitsuns!!! My adrenaline is flowin to much to sleep
Been spending some time with family in NY until after thanksgiving. U? RT : damn baby where you been at??lol
no lol my eyes got big because I like Oreos
Thanks to for making the honoree gifts last night, they were beautiful!
Hey you. I called you
#PoliceWeek #TriviaTuesday Answer: The P.I.T. Maneuver is what police officers use to spin another car out.
Jump on items that are in the news. The media will be more excited to talk to you if you’re helping with a story they are already doing.
Excited to bring the great stuff from #gradhacker back to Penn. We really need it!
lol there is a group of 11 that still haven't gotten served and they came before us they're
Have you seen your video yet?
.... Follow me maybe? :P retweet me maybe? ^_^ Tweet me maybe ? :) I think i can #BELIEVE ^^ 38
Time to expand into video and get a new camcorder. We're starting to outgrow the Canon 40d's for fashion photography. Time for a sale.
What a turn around from yesterday!
ugh we're heading there laterz i think
Still steadily job-hunting. Expanding the search far and wide. If you know of any communications, writing, editing, or media jobs -- holla!
Good Pilates class tonight at the Church Hall! Everyone worked really hard and well!
Fastbreak teams may be more fun to watch but I hate em, I like limiting possessions (the number of people i know) because I value them more
we'll check it out! peace
Thanks so much Drew! Have a great week!
Thanks for the follow, Hope to learn from what you share
I don't give a damn... if he's secretly a superhero that shit... is outlandish.
thanks for the follow! Let us know if you need a new mattress or some new furniture ~ Mattrezzz Guy
"How old is your baby?" "36 months." WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD?!
thanks for the s/o! Stay on that photo game!
wide awake...*blank stare*
Guys, I'm too hungry to decide what to eat. I don't see this ending well.
Do not let someone who is NO longer in your life continue to RUN your life.
Is it wrong that I want to sink the bus that just drove past with an ad for Battleship?
FUUUCK!!!!!!!!! 😡😡😡😡😡 Can't wait to meet right girl instead of wasting my fucking time with the wrong ones!! I need a fucking vacation!
There aren't many places better than the
woo! Do they have the dates for the next year yet?
Youtube..young ju "cross my heart" fire shit
Oh that's what it is! RT : Sounds like the Thunderbirds are buzzing over the Third Ward as they practice for this weekend.
all at the Isles playing the Heads Up Tournament. Stu won, Fish beat Gimbel so far
Just saw Kenny G at the union square farmers market.
of course! Xx
she's better than strock
I've found that having a credit card out and visible is an excellent way to gain their attention.
Quote: "Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." Anais Nin
thank you! <3
Glee was awesome last night.. Fave episode :) ps. Watch american idol on wed. My loves audition will be on!!! Yayyyy!
Josh Wolf just tweeted me!!!! ah:D
when guys give you something of theirs. m.
Ready to get off, got 2 1/2 hours left
Have a tremendous time, Nick. And don't forget to bring your Golden Ticket!
I used to like...but now dislike Blink. If you are ever feeling a bit down...listen to some Reel Big Fish...and thank me in the morning.
she cheated on him by kissing another guy i even have a pic
Can you please do your job and talk about TNA, you didn't get to finish it last night and The Rock wasnt so great.
Ha, no. but it is the rebirth of beer.. 12/5/1933 Prohibition was officailly repealed :)
Morneau's gonna play. Let's hope for a safe game and season.
Storm now moving into central Jefferson and Dodge Counties.
I did
material shit is really becoming less and less important to me. try not spending the money you make on yourself for a CHANGE
it sure is :-) hwy 101 goes all the way along the west coast. Its a beautiful road trip route! Especially NorCal/S.OR!
Crew wounds monster...crew continues to attack.
OR OFF RT We'll never get on MT We are cracking down on Green Line Fare evasion w/front door-only boarding C, D, E lines
Waving from Castle Rock, popping in to last half of chat - I will say I've loved your print ads.
lol heard that RT Playing music without theoretical feel is like driving a hot car with ugly hubcaps...no rims
"I know that someday soon the sun is gonna shine and she'll be there" -Paul McCartney .. A great lyricist!
I was actually going to say seventies, but I checked real quick before I tweeted you. Wikipedia says 81!
I wanna dress like 80s Tom Waits.
Remember... just a few drops of Alkalife in a glass of ordinary water raises the pH to a level of 10.
I'm saying.
French people!
i keep my feelings inside & hide it with a smile <3
Tootsies, Don Gatlin Show and Jolly Ollies twice. Busy week ahead:))
Feathers keep poking through my pillow on my chair & stabbing me. Should I hold a grudge against pillows, or against birds? Someone gets it.
What did I forget? 2&1/2 days to student move in and I get to leave on time. Net results: Happy wife and dog. Cats just say "feed us".
- Thanks for the follow, fellow #costume friend...saw you at ILS...nice stuff!
Japan is really glowing...after their victory over the USA
As I sit listening to Secretary Duncan, I am appreciative that education reform is a bipartisan issue.
Loved it. The Events After Which Archie Would Allow Eli To Quit List is my favorite. I had to rewind and pause to read.
Lauren and the DCC are the Best! They appreciate their Followers who respect them! Thanks girls...
I am thinking about getting a Mercedes-Benz CLK 280 Cabrio Avantgarde for a new car!
k you can post status's on facebook but not message me back? OK thats cutee too (:
I have become a shopaholic.
So my mom is makin me clean out my drawer from hs schoolwork...
5 at 10: A mega mailbag on Petrino, Masters memories and one-hit wonders
Make lessons of failures. Minimize the tendency to make a failure or mistake anything more than a lesson on how not to do something.
Hi Jameson - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Wow for once a tweet isnt spam. #ryankennedy is a real person and deserves to be trending.
Thanks to Teresa B. for her positive feedback: "Let me just say WOW... Your crew did a damn good job. There’s no other way to say that."
I better see you there! You haven't been by in a while and Steve is in the band now
Praying for my Aunt Dot & family as I just heard of the passing of my Uncle David...He will be greatly missed!
#whatsbeautiful is mom's who find time to workout when balancing work, kids, and life :) Cheers to them!
congrats on the nomination! I was there as a ghost of social media. Herman told everyone to post pics bc of a tweet I sent haha
$1 pbr cans, $2 miller bottles & $3 tail rails. 9pm to close $5 tall smirnoff cocktails, $3.5 bombs any flavor and $1 old mil cans. Cheers
Royals! What a great night.
you are probally right... <\Slope/>
oh fasho man, yeah I'll be in classes and doin football so I'll be here lol
Thanks for being open minded about the idea!
OK. So where did my last post go?
I think scot mcnight's One.Life is one of the best out there for college kids (or soon to be)
is that in response to 's tweet? Also, are you serious?
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
because you love me
happy Friday !
Incredible game ending double play for the rangers
#teamamelia all the way!!!!!!
great dude, just start to doing crazy NEW project. Can you please help me and post one tweet about me and project? i send you
It's nice to have longer days in Europe where the sun doesn't start to set until 9:30 at night. Days seem more productive.
“There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing” – Aristotle
added new updates www.shop.lacomfortzone.com
you give us shoes and we will feed your crew!!!! Enchiladas and Black Bean and Roasted Corn Salsa! para Cinco de Mayo! lol.
thank you for trying us out!
SO FUCKING ANNOYED WITH THE BULLSHIT
He's wearing white today.
Read our latest newsletter and learn more about research in
I wish. It may have been a limited time offer.
fuck you bitch
shit if not this weekend definitely next… You ready to take over this summer ?
Two more days till santa cruz
I heard he was EPICALLY bad. Which is a shame, his brother was awesome (what else is new.)
Anna Sun - Walk The Moon
Food poisoning sucks. I hear you are running the Gorilla Run. We are thinking of coming up for it.
#18conf Brian Samuels is so on target about trauma and children
Do u think I even care cause honstly I can say I don't give a fuck!!!!!!!!!!!
We'd be dancing like the guys in that gif. lets be real.
you know it. I don't drink coffee, so my mood starts out a bit more sour than others.
Or "crystal meth," as some folks read my last tweet. ;)
We would like to make a donation. Who can we speak to?
yes I did. Sry bout the weird tweet, apparently a virus w/in twitter msgs creates accnts to send fake msgs
Don't forget difficult people in our lives help us to grow !
thats a reality show,
oh snap
I don't know how you do what you do.. 'Cause everything that don't make sense about me. Makes sense when I'm with you..
Nothing says pina coladas like Slipknot.
Tornado reported on ground in Jackson (via )
omg #figment is #Epcot?!? I LOVE FIGMENT!!!
FOLLOW THE NEW ICONiac please?:)))
I need to go out. I've been cooped up way to long...on the bright side my baby comes.home tmr. Yyyaayyyyy some entertainment. ;)
had fun tonight. Love my friends
don't we all? Lmao
Burning yourself with a soldering iron isn't as glamorous as it sounds, but the resulting scars are proof you built something...or tried to.
I might just go to kwik trip and buy a lotto ticket
Reports have surfaced that the Knicks are ready to offer Phil Jackson a 4 year 50 million dollar deal to coach in New York.
Wait... I thought Owen WAS the hot redhead.
Hey! ^^ Your selcas are ulzzang! Lol I like your bangs. n.n
Great, another boring radio station owned by a monolith. Just what we need.
ahh have a good time!! happy birthday to your aunt!xx
im bored and hungry and tired. lethal combo.
“: Enjoying life today....#inspired”
except the buzz lightyear part.
Fave moment: Gone With The Wind overture for Carlene's wedding vow renewal was sheer comedic perfection! LOVING this show!
I love Maxwell he's so >>>>>
(girl picks up devil dog)"can you deep throat this?" girl2 "psh i could deep throat a car"
have some jambalaya for me, will ya?
Just hit me up whenever. I got you.
Getting older doesn&#39;t mean looking old
Hanna I haven't talked to you in like forever
I'm progressing on my future , have fun in the present to my opponent.
#coasset sponsors wrapping up. House Ed members explaining their votes likely next.
"Images form themselves in our minds perpetually as if they were reflected in some pool. We gave ourselves up in old times to mythology...
Yay!!! Happy #RSD12, Jen! I am heading out there in a bit :)
the slow blue fox waslked over the boring dog.
shark week.
RIP Goober Lindsey, here's to all your hologram performances to those blind on moonshine.
If you're #unhappy about something, create the change, be the change you want to see.
CHICAGO CHICAGO CHICAGO CHICAGO
Go #MiamiU boys! RT In the most anticipated game of the weekend Polanski's Apostles won big over Team West coast 10-4
#Irene begins lashing East Coast with rain
To follow the House Transportation and Infrastructure Cmte markup of the multi year surface transpo bill use
all my teachers are decent haha.
What painter was hospitalized for a nervous breakdown to complete a Radio City mural?
That's gonna be his summer vacation money after he pays some bills. lol
I wasn't talking bout u.. U have to tweet him for h to tweet back! Just some people go crazy and spam him!!
please hold, ha, ha, ha.
i threw you my jesus piece during the sixth "niggas in paris" tonite! your music helps me through my struggles. thank you!
....no o.o Here, to make up for my rudeness I'll buy you some chop sticks
I think you should reply to me, cause I know that you know that I want you to. (:
Da Mayor: Mookie, [just] always do the right thing. Mookie: That's it??? Da Mayor: Yep, That's it! <It's just that simple
Do you want a free review copy of ETERNAL SPRING (A YA Collection in which my short THE PRINCESS OF EGYPT MUST DIE appears)? pls RT
Omw to church 🙏
Ah the old days...
Excited for tonight. I just wanna these next 5 hours to go by fast. I hate work
mom you yell at me for stupid things
nah you're just popular
“ The better person you become, the better person you will attract...”
omg tell me how it is
Influence: affect that was caused, how a behavior was changed. What is it YOU want to influence? #SocialMediaSuccessSummitt 2012
Has he ever heard of Mike Flanagan? In case anyone is curious: I confirmed w/Jason, he is keeping jersey no.46
knowledgemama: Just cast my #SLA2009 vote for Board of Directors! #SLA tweeps, don't forget to vote!
never trust a nigga that say trust me
feel like death ; twitter make me feel better <3
Going to auto club speedway !!
Participate in "What is Happening to NYS Early Intervention" Awareness Months -- August/September 2011. See URL below for easy to engage i…
save me a slice
!right ?right, carols christmas some for time it's means that .1st november it's
No joke just walked to my gate at the airport and spotted Fabio. Maybe he's in town to shoot can't believe it's not butter campaign? Lol
Don't forget to VOTE today!
once a librarian always a librarian.
Photosynth is the coolest app not counting pinterest
Is this professional or personal curiosity? I will be seeing what our man Werner Herzog has to say about the death penalty.
Whaddup Mark. Just got back from Kumdo practice (Korean fencing)... Hope all is well with you. :-)
oh i do love you very very much.
Follow for being an outstanding human with an open heart.
Fighting the boredom... I have to put down the phone and laptop. Stop tweeting and drinking coffee. Fuck. I need something to do.
no , tha other one phone can't get calls & he ain't textin back
I want a green tea latte :)
congrats on becoming the new wwe champion!!!!
See you soon! RT : Running back to campus for #HoyaRoundtables!
RT 'bout to candy the fuck out of this ginger.
Sick :( but on the bright side I got to see :)
Just got home from work. Was greeted by Chinese take out and 's 2012 Winter Wit (oranges/ginger).
Chapter 1 (Been There, Done That) is a collection​s of short story about never-endi​ng family reunion stories.
hi can you do all your directioners and follow ?!
she did it again the next morning with her fingernail, I changed it of course and realized what she was up too.
Irsay says #18 will never be worn again, and sheds tears. This is how you leave a team
It's humid af outside. -____-
our favorites are YouTube, LI, Twiiter and good old fashion EMAIL via ConstantContact
yep, thanks.
We're playing Ninja.
At the Salon 7 White (black) party, next Yuri's Night, then Pantyraid @ Wurk. Glad I've been staying in lately.
she is so sweet <33
Alright, it's official. You are the coolest dude in the cosmos.
Isn't that Oklahoma? LOL. I kid. Sort of.
it's ok
poli sci prof/friend of mine pointed out that older voters tend to vote in larger numbers in primary than younger (1/2)
All generalizations are bad. - R.H. Grenier
Why am I up so early? on spring break...
Previous shows available on Itunes
I'm good just relaxing! “: Hey Val! I'm good! How are you, dear?”
goto Maui bro it's da best
Off to the meat raffle! And if we don't win any meat, at least we'll drink some beers. It's a win-win
u prefer 5 pack of Dominican cigarillos or just 2 big cigars?
A thousand people buying an apple a day will keep the grocer in business. One guy buying a million apples every couple of years will not.
Did Thomas just walk into the party covered in pillow pets? Da hell.
When people are indecisive <
Woke up in a great mood ! :)
Huh? New job? That's wonderful--CONGRATS! XD
Speaking my language! RT : Become the things you admire most about others. #YouHaveItToo #TDL #quote via
Intriguing. Breakfast would be a smart move. Thanks!
Mad Men: What happened to the main characters: Mad Men resumes with season five this week after a break of 16 mo..
Hahah, can't a girl quote lyrics?
I dunno. I went to a job solicitation to sell men's shoes at Dillards w/ a resume. Boss was blown away. Got the job immdtly.
Another day of working my fingers to the bone
You can go to school for years but the only things you remember are the things you constantly live and use.
Very much so. And super hungry.
": I'm a big fan of 20 emails that could've easily been done in 1! can I get an amen Leah??"<--Oh 4 sure
Searching the LCNAF and tickled to find authority heading for "Lincoln, Abraham, 1809-1865 (Spirit)"
Thanks so much for the mention! You are awesome!
oh do share what you find! pancakes are a personal fav... cinnamon or pumpkin spice mixed in... drool......
2 projects underway 2day. Migrating a law firm to #Office365 platform & helping an accounting firm leverage a #cloud server for their apps
Why Did iJust Wake Up? >_<
Gold and Silver Pocket Guide — Buying Guide | Post-Americana
And I know that's right
Your so lucky! Wish he followed me! xx
Officially signed up for Illustration Bootcamp with this June! I am stupid excited about this.
Hunter makes up for Hunter. Sus-PENCE-full!
what is ur new business?
I Miss Your Smile ... I just want the night to get here so I can see you again in my dreams...
Good morning😝
oh man, looking down and seeing a bone, agree: nightmare!
yea you know
On his helmet: "You never know what you could get at Goodwill for $5." -
"If that was you Mrs. Chambers, I'd kick your ass."
Did you just spot Scott Wittman in a silent cameo?
"Racist T-baggers" Oxymoron?
Very close - & try
my lady parts exploded the whole time. lolwut
32 days until Believe. ah. time is going by slow.
be sure to check us out while you're in town! Just a short stroll across the patio ;)
Riding Amtrak halfway across the country is great. Would be even better if the lounge car turned into a chillout lounge w/ a DJ afterhours.
uh? whatever. i'm done. byyeeee.
The Avengers was the dopest movie ive seen in a while!
Yay I felt so good during the cross country race today the first time ever I think I improved my time by a min
anybody got a live fight link?
that's a very strong mustache you have there.
no jackets i heard..
RT : Kathy Reich: learning in public = sharing data before final analysis is done
Thanks, Annie! I'm really looking forward to sharing all the excitement!
Listening to Dr Elizabeth King!
There's no such thing as a fair fight...2nd2none
Varmus: grant applications should have a bio sketch that includes most important and significant contributions.
A3: the customer used to be right all of the time, now not so much...the customer is right when they are right
Thanks Dave! I'm looking forward to it
": Hannah Montana movie >" -_____-
“: i thought it was cute! coming to the west coast in two hours thanks kids.” It's superstar summer fab! love it!
Yo this Ture dude is a uncle tom.. have y'all heard of this guy?
own network with my madre:) it's a show about Steven Tyler:)
they better televise this shit
ATTITUDE, AFTER ALL, IS EVERYTHING –Enjoy your Sunday- InSpotter app
Great! I saw the surgeon this morning and he has cleared me to drive again.
Watching the x factor...
I Wish Guys Were More Like #AlexIsATrueGentlemen<3
RT : :) You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. Wayne Gretzky
Was a pleasure to finally meet you!
Obsessed with Anyone who has an apartment (esp. one that is small) should be reading their stuff.
Helena Bonham Carter as my Dead Dad.
She USED to care about the greater good, I think. Not anymore. I just don't like her nor respect her anymore.
Fingers crossed that this week is better than last week.
Yikes, what is even happening in that photo??
you never said when foo
What a beautiful hat. I hope a Wit's End member gets her hands on it
are kicking off the party. Starting to see some old school fans from the Vino's days. Aww yeah.
Thanks for the reply. Not sure that's how the US justice system works.
RT : Influence is defined as the effect that was caused or thing that was changed via at
WHAT KINDA OF PIZZA R U HAVING? :) I HAD TACOS
When are you announcing the winners of the I-POD touches?
Made a new friend. Created a new fan for and My day's looking up....
interesting discussion about journalism and opinion
Hello Copenhagen
Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another; but women are by nature enemies.
can unsigned artist post music on your site ?
great rack card, love the colors
I'll be right there. Oh, wait, I'm a 6hr flight away
Foul trouble already in the 1st quarter for Pacers.
Winners want to win. Losers want to lose. This mentality explains why you're a Jets fan!!
Car battery died. Stuck in a Panera Bread parking lot & my sister hits the stage in an hour. Hope I get there. FML.
how's your music going stranger ?
Long hair, definitely. It makes you look like Dave Grohl. What other reason do you need?
“: She's a California dime but it's time for me to quit her ;)” really?
aww babe I already got a rough neck nigga lol maybe you need to look further north. But I can always be your motivation.
LOLOL!!! That must be why it's my favorite!!! :-)
Christian Thompson. Ravens needed depth at safety and got some
not only it's hip and fun, it last more than 14 days
ITS GOIN DOWN TONIGHT AT THE CAFE 134TH N HALSTED WE FINNA TEAR THE ROOF OFF THE BUILDIN!!
Wait..I think I need to pray again.. My thoughts won't leave my mind...
if the pics look weird i dont care is still love austin:)
What is everyone wearing to BASHH?
Cocaine RT : I need a good vice in my life. Any ideas? Suggestions?
It's kind of ridiculous how much I want to go bowling.
I agree! RT Wasn't expecting to hear #BlownAway but I was Blown Away. What an Awesome song that is.
Aww I love how he can make me happy when I'm mad ❤
I finally got song hook it up as my ringtone when ppl text mhe so ilike texting now because iwould hear hook it up
please shut up.
not that anyone follows me but has a tweet limit
We have green leaf juices! Super healthy & super delish! You should try one...with some lemon & ginger!
#wackytaffy get some
Reason #2 that CIS works: CIS works at all grade levels. CIS effectively addresses risk factors along the #education continuum.
Just added to 2/12/12 reading: Mandy Kahn, who will read poetry & give us a teaser from her collaborative book Collage Culture.
Black Cat Classic Espresso- This syrupy sweet espresso blend has been the staple of our lineup since the very beginning. Supreme balance...
look for the naked ones
I LOVE the new JLA w/ concept! But my ALL-STAR BATMAN Vol1 HC is pissed...& lonely.
Amen, 'Mano. The Muses have been sending that msg all week. Yes. That is vital. Hope to holler at you soon!
Oh my god, I want to get (another) masters in Food Anthropology. For real.
follow back? :)
syphoning cadbury cream eggs to get my fix.
The school board just asked a huge question: what impact will cuts have on students? So, we need to emphasize the impact if TLs r cut!
fair enough. I'm going to test my ability to run from zombies at the 5k obstacle course RUN 4 YOUR LIVES,Boston
FADED FADED
#Listeningto 'If I Ever Feel Better'- #Phoenix on repeat. This song makes me want to do the grapevine in roller-skates!
This stupid tv show of god is getting on ma nuts~
WHAT A KNOCKOUT
i used to be the same way & not need sleep. Now i just chalk it up to old age LOL.
All this snow outside. Wow.
What days in November is Hoopfest?
Only in quiet waters do things mirror themselves undistorted. Only in a quiet mind is adequate perception of the world.
An ad after every post?! Are you serious?!
Magic number range: 1- 10,000. Tweet guess to #wordcampatx. Must be at #blogathonatx to win.
cool!!!!! Did you get any cheesecake?
where's that? Danielle's Gorgeous, USA? ;-)
High radon levels today in Garner and Raleigh (near North Hills). Test your home in November, and we'll donate $15 to the NCPartnership!
Use Your Illusion 1 AND 2!
Bar #6 PM Pub & Grub. They opened early for our group! #st'allis pub crawl 2012
Eating green chile cheese fries and watching the pats play. Ah... Football season. <3
Where the he'll is
“: Feds: Hepatitis C now killing more people than AIDS virus, and most are 45 & older.”
Is your name on itunes gonna be Peyton Sanders or PSanders jw...
Was just typinbg about how I couldn't multi-task. Kids would feel that too.
#instagram. ugh! i keep meaning to post, but so many other people post gr8 pix & im nervous! shoot weapons, yes. camera, not so much
well! Like father like son! ^_^
#immvt can't wait to see what my kite looks like!
No problem! It's the truth :)
well well well look at here
Family guy is to good tonight.. Lol
Laura needs to start doing hickies below shirt lines
Damn!! It's like that..people really be killing me man I swear
Come on. Name one reason why Matt's play led to this loss. Let's hear it.
The hunger games has taken over everyone ....
Awe ok. I haven't been doin much, just tryin 2 hold on n not 2 get told on. Lol, in my mike epps voice. His actual words
You're handsome to me regardless.
R.I.P. Carroll Shelby. The '67 Shelby GT350 and GT500 are two of my favorite cars of all time. The auto industry has lost a titan.
new website looks fabulous, i dig!
As much as I would love to see it, no way the GOP establishment allows Newt to grab the crown.
aww thanks so much abs! (:
lmfaooooo yes! Perfect name :P
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
If your hair is still able to be grabbed, it isn't short. If you can still comb it, it's not short. Unless a razor was used, it's not short
Happy, Happy Jazz Fest! Another beautiful day....
merry christmas from my family to urs. I hope it's a great one for u
not much! How are you doing?
Store with his friend Quinn from Valdez who is now in Fairbanks and plays in the band. I asked if it was Quinn by any chance. It was 2/2
I say stuff I regret often.
You are responsible for your own happiness!
As long as Ruff is behind the bench, Pegula is lying about wanting to win a cup.
Sushi is good for you, Bladow. I believe there are places that serve sushi and Mexican.
The world should be listening to up and coming Brooklyn MC CD is Hip Hop...she is spitting some real things
We have added two more OpenVPN servers in San Francisco - vpn34 and vpn35 , they are available now in your customer area.
Well at least i tried :/
Thanks Harm!!! You coming tonight right?? You better be here!!
Method of use and manufacturing patents and trade secrets viewed as compelling barriers to entry for orphan drug developers
Love love love this- can't wait to see more!
as an experienced fcp user i would caution any mac based editors from using premiere 5.5.2, lots of glitches and headaches...
At a fundraising for an awesome guy I met at a show...fun times.
my picture is awesome.
Why can't you?
lol i love yr tweets today. I can tell it's finals time.
i didn't know anyone actually bought pizza from that place.
i'm trying to get 3000 followers as i have a bet on with my dad, can you be one of the followers? haha, you'll never see this.
That is great to hear! Now you can focus on your crushes, the delivery man & Chipper! lolol
it's a damn shame. I've got 7 months going right now.
Dear sunshine; Please, please, please be here to stay! Regards, Amy.
UM. FROM THE HOUSE OF HUEY!!!! HUEY P. LONG TO HUEY P. NEWTON!!!! WHAT-A-LIFE!!!! BORN IN EARL K. LONG!!!! WOW!!!!
you guys should ya know, tour together
Bailey please follow me !! ❤
This is getting rough!
I felt a little sore throat action today but I'm going to refuse to get sick.
Ah. Football is in the air!
darling... Sleepytime tea n melatonin work wonders ... Loves
Watched the movie "Push" last night. That's two hours of my life (and sleep) I'll never get back.
THANK. YOU ": Happy Mothers day"
you have a lot to say about this game.
Love you, Frankie ;) x
Thanks!! I will def catch you guys at a Brownie game or two this year
#fallon #randyjackson #journey stupid in a great way
and i have so much to tell u!
Epitome of rhetorical competence: "UPS and FedEx are doing just fine. It's the Post Office that's always having problems." We convinced yet?
RT : KOMBUCHA is in da house! Townshends Tea Brew Dr Kombucha is chilled and waiting for you at ECC! Enjoy!
I'm behind like shit
asshole. that is one of the beatles best songs...and the chemical brothers whole career
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
be there soon!
One of the best jokes I've heard on the Lakefront tour: "like my ex-gf, these ball-stopping kegs are no fun to fill."
have a great bday!
I want to go on a ride already!
Love don't come to leave Come to stay........
I use sarcasm instead of punching you in the face, but don't press your luck.
Lol that is true. 1-10. What a joke. But he missed the draft.
Apparently not all guys have balls anymore
RT : Thank you NYU. My Alma Mater is always an inspiration. My #jba medal is also for the school.
R.I.P. MCA #MISSIONCURE4CANCER rest easy
Check out Jay Scheib: World of Wires
Yes, it is.... I just don't get that!
I had to go out of town a few days, something came up. But I'm completely fine, thank you<3
Thanks & #FF to you too, been way too long since last we chatted!
It's a fetish.. that's all.
Thanks for the RT!
Loyalty. Honesty. Trust. Respect. Humility. Sincerity.
Wow. Nice pic. They love them some hoops out in Lawrence. Although there isn't much to cheer about tonight...
They must talk during the day to torture me at night.
Thanks for the shout out on #FF!
Only 6 special performances by du Soleil left - don't be the only visitor not to see it! Come to hall 8b 10:45
Default, "Wasting My Time"
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
A person shouldn't have to wait weeks to find out if his unemployment is denied or not. Its real stressful.
Thinking of going to the this weekend..
Create advocacy strategy 1) Background research 2) Build out network 3) Prepare & motivate network 4) Build out calendar 5) Stay on target
Veterinary Chiropractic works for any patient with a spine, bones, joints and muscles. Call us today to learn more!
We can't wait for you to get Tybee-ized!
Shut up with yo stupid self .
Songs follow me around..... Find the words..what is the song telling you?
Just passed Estelle Costanza (Harris) leaving late dinner at Canter's on Fairfax! Heads up, (cc: )
Nah. That's exactly what I'd do any time someone isn't being real with me. I wasn't interested in try to reconcile our views.
The smell of sea is so awesome.
Awesome! Way to end a series, enjoyed the whole 2hrs, can't wait for the season 10 DVD to watch it again
An Abortion... and that hanger is sick...smh
Please, just stop welcoming each of your Twitter followers. Unless you equally warmly greet random dogs pooping in your yard.
is that a true story??
I am in need of a mini-DVI > VGA adapter as well for my 7:30 and 9:00 talks in Chicago if there isn't already one there. /cc
nice dance, liked the Bollywood a lot should have received all 10's
Thank you!!!
Unfortunately no, but planning a visit to the store in Broad Ripple soon to check out all the flavors!
Is really stinkin' *hilarious*
A mans sexual market value skyrockets into his fourties. A womans declines rapidly into her twenties.
": lmfao my cousin a whole flame. she put a picture up of her cryin. ctfu something rong with tht child furreal."
8 minute abs is horrible when you do 5 billion of the same exercise because you realize the computer froze .... Only me, I swear
are you excited for Christmas cause I am SO excited! ;) haha
Watch MomAdvocate on FOX Network Mondays 8:15am; TOY GUN segment this Monday. Did you know 8 kids DIE everyday from gun incidents!
me: "I feel as if I could be a CSI person" you: smile at the sun n try not to let me see you smiling.
- Like Vim now? Just wait until Wayne sneaks onto your computer and changes the font.
"Try and Try until you SUCCEED, We are born to Succeed not to FAIL."
"Take time to look- it is price of success Take time to think- it is a source of power Take
Pretty sure the car wash people killed my battery, jumped it and didn't tell me. Was there 1 hour. Won't be going to Gem Auto Wash again.
I Llol'd on that one hahaha
The original artist was The Monkees, then Smash Mouth covered it and that's what we hear in Shrek :D
Its back to pickin cotton cause you niggas cotton candy
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause We get more hate then normal people.
Im reading up on my friend , one pseudonym at a time ;-)
My money's on making it into the Top 10 plays on tonight. We know ESPN have enough replays.
Puts life in perspective.RT : Awesome = seeing a smile on face of Marine, who lost both legs & left hand in Afghanistan in...
Cool! Nice picture too.
,there are no"real"pollsters
Josh Hamilton going to town on the Orioles
living in Miami Coach C has to know it's all about The U
RT : The SoLoMo panel is really good. Room 304.
So the weather man is telling me it's supposed to snow tonight?! Aw, come on.
Don't tell me Matt Stafford's a great young QB.....he's a good Fantasy QB....that doesn't win jack in the real NFL
Mothers day is coming up && I want to get my mommy something !
Exactly. He really hasn't been the same guy he was in 2010.
Reading an excellent book about the life & career of Paul Harvey. Always respected his classy and professional broadcast style.
his back, It happened at his work. He's out the summer or longer.
The ceiling over my desk is leaking. There are a lot of suggestions of "oh how about just stay out at reference all day."
Party plane to Hawaii!!!
Yes sir RT : #TT Chicago edition, a grand town to be Irish in:
Boyfriends shouldn't be looking at your twitter.
Giant fans, get ready to get MURDERED nx wk
“: The worst MISTAKE you can make is walking away from the person who actually stood there and waited for you.”
So was definitely the place with the most bar tweets last night. Send us your bar tweets & let us know what's kickin'.
sounds perfect, I must check it out.
Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight: always to try to be a little kinder than is necessary? ~ James M Barrie
that's my biggest problem with iPhone
You won't feel a thing by is me☆
good to see you last night, keep me posted about the party in June
I was laughing the whole time:)
we're thinking old chicago... work?
Just heard my first Nelly song of the night and it's 1:30???
OH: Inner City vs. Rural, we are all having the same conversation & art is at the core
That's insane! I havent spoken to you in years. How's everything my long lost friend from 7th grade LOL
in this historic messi/ronaldo season it's easy to overlook how good atletico madrid's colombian striker radamel falcao has been.
Only when we direct our action outside the District will we get a 51st star on the American flag. - Mike Panetta, DC Shad Rep.
that's insanely close! I lost to my dad in basketball fantasy in the playoffs :( haha
and it's looking mighty good. David showed it to us on Friday. Great work.
Thank you sir!
Congrats on recent marriage! Getting back into HU again; Up for some friendly nerd bartering (coaching for web consulting)?
TAKEOVER..... Best song ever! My man & I listened: repeat, repeat, repeat, scream...... :-)
Who was that lady on the court @ the lakers & nuggets game. She wanted to reach out & touch a ball player.
Playinf in my ipod Wewww this is so very Fun:))
Saluting all those who played a role in our country's space exploration over past 30 yrs ... #thankyou for all you've done .
Thanks for the follow!!
Another sequence where UK just wanted it more. Didn't result in points but emblematic of the game.
Is there a way to set Wordpress to automatically update on when installed via one-click?
For my 6,000th tweet, I'd like to say thank you #packernation for being more than a hashtag, but a family I can laugh with.
A FEW JOINTS... I GOTTA WRITE SOME SHIT RT : - u got anything u workin on
And you can choose your own music and TV. And work out in minimal clothing :)
Just bought subways for & I! Making the most of the picnic tomorrow! :)
You take the front line when there is danger
Optometrist appointment... :') 
to Buffalo Dummy If I put my Size 11 1/2 shoe in that Teabagger Azz Will you sing me a Song! I have friends it's ur Mom!
It's too damn cold out here ya'll. How you northerners do this?
FYI, IDRA's website will be down much of today as we back up before upgrading our web server.
Bravo for the review of Anonymous.
ha well played
What's everyone around here doin tonight!!??.
Wonderful job last night! Big fan of show, seen it twice, friend of Dean S's. Continued success.
grinding away! And thx!!!
How Vinny doesn't like it when people curse.
RT : Love to dance and we love to flirt, ain't afraid of a little dirt. -Lauren Alaina
LMFAO RT : This girl got mad at me cuz she asked me if she could be a model and I was like "Yeah, I could see you in a Target ad.
ok wish me luck on the way to the radio station now
Feels like it's been too long already. I'm ready for an experiment!
Hey Krumrie was most relentless player I've ever seen.
I KNEW it!!
right right growing up as a Carolina fan, I look forward to the day they get caught lol
"coining" the phrase "DAUGHTER OF A BITCH"....cuz im a little mad we only talk about her sons!!!! her daughters ain't shit either!!!
We can develop eLearning in HTML5 so it will run on smartphones or iPads or Tablets :) - thanks for the follow btw :)
welcome home, lady!
life. sucks.
Hey thanks man, we truly appreciate the kind words!
Lmao ewww RT Omg my manager just mopped and the mop stank AF
RT : Sometimes getting what you want is as easy as asking for it. Ask for it! Be bold.
I love the Mario Bros. points sound that you hear repeating in the background after the roar of the crowd!
Ruffles or takis
Blake and gasol FINALLY waking up
Lots of barriers on the street this am. Seems like POTUS must be in town.
your a meanie... Give kisses to the baby for me! 
Bar stool open is today. 9th hole is with after party immediately following. Come have a great time
Horror Night at Dean Fronk's class tomorrow. Love it!
": It was great to meet you at the #EdgewoodDC neighborhood cleanup!!" Nice to meet you too!
It seems the person living above me takes two showers per day. Noisy.
Great advice!!
": -------> : When #Pisces dont trust you with their feelings they will appear cold and uninterested #piscesareus"
Slight change in plans. should be in Dublin. Can't imagine he's feeling his best right now though? U out there kev?
favorite glee performance you've ever participated in? biggest pet peeve? dogs or cats? hot or cold? coke or pepsi? <3 love ya!!!
Watch the ACT/SAT Mixtape commercial! youtu.be/uJ3mpjYemhc
Gotta love the barroom coaches in mma.
Advice for capstone students: keep track of articles in a citation management tool. University has EndNote. I loved Mendeley!
Great line up of trucks at Talin for lunch tomorrow
I was amazed at all of the consumer choices in the U.S. when I first studied here. -Healey
OCCUPY THE WORLD WILL SOON BE A REALITY. THE 99% WORLDWIDE ARE READY 2 ENGAGE. INJUSTICE & INEQUALITY DEMANDS FAIRNESS. WAKE UP PEOPLE!
thats your name right
She is something!
And the tickets my boss gave me to the golf tournament on Saturday aren't helping it get here any quicker.
4.8 Release looks awesome!!! It's such a pleasure and an honor to work with such an amazing group of people!!! GoingOn Dev Team Rocks!!!
life is what you make it, so go through the right path.
Getting 4 hrs of sleep before i go to the DMV. Woo.
Why is there a little snowflake on tomorrow's weather forecast?
it's where some guy fucks all these girls who wanna be porn stars but never calls them back haha
good morning to you as well. thank you.
Hey, any other librarians in #OCL4Ed ? Great potential for transformation in academic & school libraries
Just remembered it good friday
Tonight @ Acoustic Explosion Robert Druker, Dan Holohan, Simeon Peebler, Peter Z, Joe Weins are performing. Come join them!
True story bro!! (:
Happy Friday! :)
this they last yr even being a relevant team.. & Kobe need 2 go sit down Jason Kidd old ass havin a better season than him
Thank you bro. Looking forward to the Future!! RT Much respect to my boy part of
#ThunderUp !!! Let's close this one out
XPS 8300 or 9000 - save me some money, I get to stick with FL and all my software and get a better bang for my buck...
Thank You! RT : - best cheese and wine bar EVER. Need to go back to Miami, just to visit Kork!!
Big shout to & for showcasing Dell's social media center@ Hilton 4th floor. Go visit
all i have is popcorn
Headed out to American Indian MMA championships @ Casino Hollywood. Follow for live fight updates.
Glad you enjoyed it. Thanks for the follow.
where are you heading?
What do you think of Gov. Scott's budget?
nice. Knowing who enters the MsNBC building is more important than knowing that American elections are legit...
I wish my haters nothing but the best
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
four shots at a major in a year. I'll take an entire season of excellence or 3. Both did that
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho They dont like being in public with!
Tired....need some sleep. Got a new yard project to start.
"I just need someone new to take away all this old pain." <3
- because that's where I am. Pay attention. Don't fuck up my coffee.
but great massages!
"Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocrity."
I love you too!
Thanks for the kind words Volcom East. I'm digging your blog. Can you recommend a surf camp in NJ?
NATHAN are you coming to Conant High School!? For real!?
i think i need a parka.
I love you too. What a wonderful Christmas.
Jason & Chris spent last weekend together in the Bay Area. Tim McGraw Concert, Stanford Visit , Night Club Fun and San Francisco Food.
Late nights, early mornings: Doreen says "parents are not giving up this fight"
Hey Hon and how are you???????How was your weekend????
Jireh Mobile is proud to announce we are now partnering with the August Wilson Center for African American Culture. To find out about The …
Getting new sneakers
it's the first day of school for the munchkins! Finally.
Thanks so much for the tips! I'll report back post-trip.
Don't worry, it only seems kinky the first time.
Will you let me be your future ex bf?
Q: What's wrong w/ men?? A: Nothing and everything.
It's going to be a beautiful outside.
Yep, but may have to go in and change a few things b/c of latest developments.
I'm already CRAZY that #FKM sequestered people without cell phones. I understand FOCUS...but that's too much.
Just bid on a Autographed ball at Busch Stadium... Hope I win!
lol they dont know this girl Dime!
Dang, U have small feet.
I thought the same thing!! lol
Can't find my favorite chick flick
you must text me
MT : Any followers in the L.A. area? We've got some #PremiereLeague tickets we'll be giving way on Wednesday.
Black Thunder is Back! For more Late night Craving!
Thanks Bob, I appreciate it!
Staff are working on a new exhibit to launch this FALL. Look for sneak peaks in the following weeks.
OK, Florida vs Alaska..I'd give up alligators, snakes, & cockroaches for bears, wolves, snow drifts, and the Iditarod...Hm
Just a quick hello. Missing my twitter friends while I'm deep in the dissertation cocoon. See you all when I emerge in a couple of weeks...
The power out doesn't help me being lazy lol
After majorly cutting my sugar intake I can't handle eating a whole cupcake. #sadbutitsagoodthingright?
is there a problem with the link? I can't see Kathe's article on the page you listed.
Thank you for all the support, the last days of the Farm are approaching...so come by and say Hello a few more times before we close.
I ain't got nothing to say
I have a problem... I enjoy the song cake a little too much... always gets my mouth salivating, m I logvar
your so ugly even your imaginary friends don't want to hang out with you.
#RealLoveIsWhen u love someone for who they are and don't listen to what the haters say
Insightful analysis from my 4 year-old, "Number 6 sure does a lot of acting." #nbaplayoffs #heat #knicks :)
We are still at least not losing!
“Children are made readers on the laps of their parents.” - Emilie Buchwald
maybe 'Self Doubt and Syphilis' should be the album title. Interesting graphics would surely ensue....
let's get you some vegan chocolate.
Hey, or , do you know the URL for GSA's comprehensive list of Fed Twitter feeds? Thx! (or , one supposes?)
Took soo many fuckin' pictures last night..
RT Congrats to Ross Paule and for inducting another player into the Creighton hall of fame.
You know what's not a good pick up line? "truth or dare?" happy birthday !!!!!
We missed registration, but still want to ride. Happy to donate the $25 even without t-shirt. This ok?
“: I wish women were turned on by my Words with Friends skills.” Reminds me of
RT : FACT: Despite producing up to 80% of the food in Africa, women own only 1% of the agricultural land.
San Diego has its own vodka? I guess I better check out soon.
That crafty whore christmas eve actually found me!!
Russ Parr morning show rocking this morning!!!!
It's going to look great- don't worry!
..let the clock run out on their pick? and then pick tomorrow instead???
Going by the amount of beer I consume I think I'm technically a vegan
Vince Guaraldi's "A Charlie Brown Christmas" rocks. Warm fuzzy piano tones recorded analog. Yes!
saturdays are for activities
I'm planning on homemade scratch-off tickets. Not sure what they're scratching for, but nevertheless.
I'M FOLLOWING YOU AND FAMOUS PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's days like today that I kind of miss DC. Pretty sweet seeing Discovery Shuttle fly over!
Is this comment in the wake of the AO Scott Avengers review?
Miley Runs The World :) ♥
Ok cool
is #postdesktop going to be archived/available somewhere?
we don't have any ears for the winnie the pooh characters, only stuffed animals of piglet :(
Someone please tell Merril Hodge that a double Windsor knot needn't be tied wider than one's brain pan.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when guys can't take a hint.
If you're in #nyc, I'm at Smoke Jazz Club tonight with two more sets to go - 9pm and 10:30pm. Come on by!
the lucky one was so good. probably the best movie i've ever watched
yep. He sure is. Yet he's really really skinny. Like me, I guess we do have stuff in common! :)
might be preferable for some non-literal reasons, but no literal problem with placement of fucking. eh, see what i did there?
Okay, you get an IOU for the next one, David.
So much for sleeping early
Don't bother about being modern. Unfortunately it is the one thing that, whatever you do, you cannot avoid. Salvador Dali
whatching peter pan! i love this movie, i love peter pan! <3 :D
Buying me a beer goes a long way.
RT Today : You say "Ryan Newman" and we say "Free Bloomin' Onion"
Pot lock Monday? Hmm... Well I don't know about you but i'm bring juice boxes and bitches! :D cause bitches love juice boxes lol jk no :p
Holy Shit 2012 is around the corner- I think I just sharted! lol
would die @ what 103.3 is playing tonight, all house music!
Q&A: panel discussing idea that ppl in countries that trust in their gov'ts more are more likely to be willing to share more data.
Gym gym gym gym
its #official you are not wrapped tight LMAO! I just spit out my food laughing at your tweet!
If God did it for me...He'll definitely do it for you:)
The Clinic is filling up quickly, if you haven't gotten your registration, better do it quick.
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.8278
When you go feeling amazing, to feeling shit.
Hoping were just doin the Rocky Balboa 'getting mad' thing those first 2 and will come out like lunatics in the 3rd
Something tells me you're not in Manhattan...
didn't get the message
The Catholic Church conducts their own private investigations of sexual abuse. No outisde interference
Sunday morning. I have grandpa's 90th birthday to attend. No game for me.
"All Day" I think of u!!
I Hate Wen Ugly Females Think They Cute ... Its Hilarious!!.
My roommate keeps sticking buds of weed in my face to smell, and it is making my damn eyes cross.
I want some chocolate. Sean send me an email at and I will hook u up :)
My GrandMother makes the best italian pasta. Her Mother (great grandmom) came from Italy or Italia if you would call it.
That was probably the nicest thing you've ever said to me,lol. Thanks!
Well, at least the Dodgers won.....
Over under on #FCD missing this PK?
I love it, #TeamHealthy!!! Now, I can continue to be motivated, stay up!
What should I wear today?
OH LORD WE WANT TO LIVE UNDERGROUND IN SECRET WITH YOU IN YOUR CAVE
finally going home
You only live once, but if you live right, once is enough.
and so is ya bitch!
we've got half off bottles of wine to warm you up....or we can deliver food to you, but then you miss out on the wine!
Patrick met up with them too- I fell asleep too early and missed the hang time - bummed!
Are you going to be in Denver on 5/18?
Niggas are fool if shit ugh... Always getting attitudes for no reason... Damn should be happy someone wanna talk to ur ass
Churros are a fried dough pastry sprinkled with brown sugar and cinnamon and then filled with "cajeta" to be exact. ;)
So far old news. The first guy is explaining Facebook and twitter.
hell yeah!
All week long we will be donating 10 cents an order to the Riley's Hospital for Children. Every order counts!
Shoutout to your Chicago Fans!!! Your Amazing
Damn its been a min since I have tweeted consistently .. well the wait is not over lol.. the internet is turnt down
RT : #CanIBeHonestWithYou , i still like you. i still need you. I'm just tired of trying.
Mitt. What some of us want is for you to acknowledge that you couldn’t have made it in America without America.
Eating at Connie's pizza near Komisky w my family, per Chicago area tradition, and a #MLB legend is eating at the next table. Awesome.
We hear Gmail is down for some (including some of us). Time for a coffee break?
Can any1 tell me why is Mister Gaga trending?
Kudos for celebrating #EarthDay with a campus cleanup!
How's John Miles throwing this season?
you do pretty good actually
It's a free thing nation wide...
Congrats on your first PGA Tour victory!
Sweet swisher swishing swashin
5miles N Round Lake [Nobles Co, MN] broadcast media reports TORNADO at 02:28Tornado touchdown 5 miles north of Round Lake, MN.
New York
I enjoy virtual #coffee w/awesome peeps
Lml, You Gone Call Me M Now?
Wow, your really mean dear. Is real... That's messed up.
good night  
I continue to be impressed with the elegant simplicity and rock-solid functionality of DropBox. They Got It Right.
still that bad? Yeesh.
Hi Terra!
"Every single storyline has already been written. It's the people you're meeting." - I do love her characterization.
Tried to consolidate univ's many Apple/iOS accounts today; instead, somehow I created yet another account & changed my last name twice. FML.
Random fact: Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they don't drift away from each other. #sweetdreams :)
On 11/16, Our Hero scored 7 pts, six rebs and four asts v. North Dakota. He might've had a triple double if only THE GAME WAS TWICE AS LONG.
SLEEPOVER WIT MY MAIN GURL
hahaha proof reading skills are lacking right now
haha I went on your page and realized I already like it. I'm on top of my game :)
Excited for tonight! Love my friends vanessa,averi,jane,alex,alliya! <3
Tom Cruise looked younger than when he did Top Gun. What gives?
spent all afternoon looking for apartments. Trying to get back on a healthy lifestyle before the move!
good luck honey !
really crap. Heard of any save SGU campaines?
But yeah we said we would last time and then i got a job and point is im broke and jobless now but can hang out! :D haha
Want sushi.... now
maybe ill just make both.
but that's the thing they need to make mone. Roy said they need money. I'm angry as well.
What was the saddest moment you experienced on your travels?
Damn right...
So I drop into one show 1000 miles from Nashville, and the drummer is one of the dudes from the Small. World.
just say it i want the steelers to win lol
I wonder what & have to say about the idea that Muslims don't support gay marriage?
that's what you get for trying to impersonate Kristen Stewart :-p
Government claims it has already turned over evidence requested by defense lawyers or it doesn't exist in Mohamud case
I'd be better off trading my right nut. That one works better
Nice! I used that camera once on a short and it looked gorgeous.
Our Golden puppy, Derby shredded UPS package. Papers from Schwab. Not sure if he's long or short the market?
Only accepting credit cards and Groupons today at the burger bar, but still making delicious burgers! Grab one today!
We were in different studios all weekend getting some awesome sounds for the record! Guitars and Drums are done!
Too bad if it's not paid by Friday she loses all her classes - which will totally be her fault, no theirs. FRUSTRATED.
Working on #imprinted calendar magnet project for #realestate office www.BNoticed.com
When you text your crush and the text bad with a :) haha. Life made!
Caught my first peek at Downtown Abby. Was wondering where were the vampires, werewolves, serial killers, dragons, and meth cooks. Not 4 me.
Hire Quality EmployeesGet the Security Personnel You WantWhen You Need Them!www.bodyguardnation.com
Join the club! Hahaha... Thank you!
Adam trusted a female n got kicked out the garden. Samson trusted a female and lost his strength! See even the bible says Dnt trust em
Are u coming over today?
Making my own humor to being sick
Happy St Paddy's!
HAY MADISON I JUST DMD YOU , AND THIS IS CRAZY BUT DM ME BACK. lol that didn't turn out right
special shout out to Rick Sick Das
9 am SESSION: "Waste Reduction / Best Practices" presented by Ray Prince in Room B117
I'm no gate keeper, get after it
Lol omg right?
finalizing clues and sites for the race; getting more and more excited every day! Can't wait to see who wins The Amazing Milwaukee Race.
Hey everyone. How is your morning going so far? Mine is going GREAT!
You would shut it down
Thank you Teachers for coming! ItsAWrapTruck is serving great food. Gonna be a fun night.
Just learned about denouement, it's an ending that isn't 'happy' but it loosens the knot in a story and gives you a little rest....xo
Matt: belated thanks for thinking of me for the 10/30 Sports Sunday feature on retribution. Nice piece; always happy to help.
Fan Page Friday: Share your business fan page with us today! We'll stop by & like it!
This year, Foo was successfully Fought at The Grammy's.
Thanks, !! We'll try to make sure the wait's not too long. /cc
No make up for the rest of the year 😌
What do you know about time ?
it will be late...maybe 11:30? #it'sthethoughtthatcoumts
Same here! It sounded lame at first, but now it looks more & more like a blockbuster
I miss my boyfriend.. can't wait until you come home! <3
Spent the day playing a conflicted divorcee on a new TV Pilot.
I didn't want you to think I was a weirdo haha and one point we were right close squashed against each other haha
Scorcese drinking game!
It's a beautiful, sunny morning in Canton! Happy Monday, everyone! (Tweeting from the outdoor "home office.")
Thank you :)
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to Pretty Little Liars
Nom Nom Nom... Send them by express mail and you'll be my hero!
Yes, the very old adage is, the more you help others get what they desire the more you will get what you desire
This week final edit stages for The Healing Room... 1st Quarter here we come!!!!
thanks for having awesome tees!
Round two ..me and the Fam getting turned up
Shout out 2 our amazing supporters(2 of 2)
When can I hear it?
Galatians 5:1 Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free,and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.
In case we don’t say it enough, we love working with each month for Tamale Thursdays! Thanks for your support.
Just voted for like 20 times!!<3 I hope he gets chosen that would mean the world to him and us mahomies.
for this last text im unfollowing u hoe!
HA HA HAHA !!! YO BITCH THAT ACTION
lol but I'm coming anyway....
RT : I love me some m Cali mist!- uou have superb taste sir. Next time may I suggest the albuchronic?#guacamole 2!
Brillz. So looking forward.
Hell of a night
IM 003 HUNGRY UGH N ALL THE VENDING MACHINCES EMPTY EXCEPT N THE VOCATIONL BUILDING N I DNT FILL LIKE WALKING ALL THE WAY N THERE TUMMY HURT
Big up Lawd! Forward movement!
I didn't eat them yet. ⊙_⊙
congrats to your sister And your family. Inshallah the best. #mantheygrowupfast. I remember when she was a kid.
follow e
Next thing i wanna say is Seabass needs to pull his head out is ass and remember why he is the highest paid kicker in the league.
Thank you! :)
in New York; making his recording debut was trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie.
Follow me and I will follow u back
Before I die, I want to champagne shower a huge ass party. like 100+ people
Italian wedding & Beef Barley Soup off the stove in 10minutes!!
Our deepest condolences go out to our co-owner whose grandmother passed away today. Please pray for him & the family <3 Dustin
hi... yes i have a twitter.
what is the Bitch language consist of? :)
I was so scared! :P
tell mama Willis Mal said happy mothers day!
Thanks for your cheers! RT Getting ready to pitch MSNBC biz producer.
loud motorcycles are like oversized trucks or people who talk too loud in restaurants - overcompensating. Too bad we have to sffr
Does anyone know what's better between Botox and collagen? Groupon has a thing for collagen for $150 and Botox is about the same.
Watched Coco and Ice-T reality show and I too want a bigger house!
Cockles and mussels. Or lobsters, whatevs. Http://yfrog.com/htahifj
Shape Like An 8 Face Like A Dime..
Our office loved your whoopie pies yesterday! Thanks for following and for making a fabulous treat!
Along with everything else, Dai Due can really cook some eggs.
Tune into NFL Network right now for "NET10 Arena Football Friday!" New Orleans leads Jacksonville, 21-14, late in the second.
too much credit given because of expectations driven from the time we'd b chillin, so I can't make u a villian...ur just part of the million
working on some book illustrations tonight....due to the publisher tomorrow! time to burn the midnight oil.
I'd never heard of but if they're like the and my stuff isn't safe, I sure wouldn't stay there. Screw that!
You're really cruel.
..follow me back homie
McCormick and Schmidt
Unu Lowe mi n mi country talk nuh cho
Good night twitter! :)
word u down for some tacos an fries
come on dj plzz be in the haunted house
MT Walko: capture original condition of item. Otherwise how 2 know later what's happened.| Glad to read notes from John's pres!
modeling practice...
One more follower until I reach 400! At this rate, I'll be in uh, 52,000 years...
...I didn't take that video, but ya.
Very understandable. I'd love to get them to switch to us as we are a lot easier.
Nice! They have quite the menu again this time.
bong rips <33
I suggest #FF Get great legal info 24/7. On FB also. www.waynewright.com
3 DAY WEEKEND:))
Getting ready to head to that AA game. Who gone be in the building?
Eating an amazing dinner at Legal Seafood in RI - I forgot how good the seafood was here.
Goodmorning twitter ! how's everybody doing ??
new videos??
I had to take 2 asprins after getting through half the chorus. No shit.
#dirtyhoes will suck a nigga dick & then try & smoke up yo joint without brushing 1st.
We're thrilled to announce that we are ready to host events in Miami Circle! The beautiful park in Brickell, rich with historical backgroud
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN!!! I HOPE YOU HAVE AN AMAZING DAY=) I LOVE YOU<3
Uncrumples tweet about substituting team at halftime.
any time, and every game, #Skc for life!
You're crazy ! Do you play softball or something ?
Soon I will show you how a heart can never fail, never change. I'll never change.
why do you tan I mean according to JEALOUS people your fake.... Personally I think you look sexy guuurl :*
People annoy me-_-
i'll probably be sick that entire weekend..........
How about those GMEN!? What a game!
“: Believe in yourself. 👈” i believe I'n u
Jersey shore ! (:
Congrats to and everyone involved in for their accolades from !
congrats to my girlfriend for graduating <3
happy 17th birthday my love:) hope you have an amazing day and enjoy your grandmas cake;)
My obsession with Crazy Train is growing
chatting with bot
Really craving a Caramel Frappe from McDonalds right now <3 :p
Don't change the destination, change the speed with which you get there with text marketing. www.zesmo.com
awesome!!! Well deserved sir!! Much love and respect!!
Skincare Market Inc. Has the New iS Clinical Active Serum in a Professional Size and a Normal Size for the Lowest Price Nationwide Guar...
The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. That's real glory. That's the essence of it. -Vince Lombardi
I want to date a guy who's taller than me has brown or blonde hair , blue, hazel, or brown eyes, someone who's smart, protective & strong
oh, WC4 my dude
that's from Dave Z / Susie's lair
#GhettoEasterBasketItems a fridge-pack of Mr.Pibb
Huntsman on banks: "If you're too big to fail, you're too big."
so true! Isn't life just like that? Why must it be this way?! ;) haha
time is flying by to quick...I barely got any chill time before work...
because you are friends with me now. I'm kind of a medium sized deal.
@ bout to cop that posche thang real soon
i miss you too, mandy!
I'm gonna do it!!! Thanks for the encouragement sweetie :)
CURRY TIME!
wel you really do need one
Sometimes things just aren't what they seem.
dude were you wearing two watches on the Ten O-Clock News? Nice peace on Girls NCAA B-Ball at SaveMart Center.
This Penn State thing really makes me sick. A number of adult MEN knew about this fucking monster and did little more than shrug it off
Strange clouds make it normal - strange is the normal -is this tweet strange? No! Its normal
shit i cant call it finishin up wit skool u kno were u at now
Time to figure out what NFL games coincide with my fall break.
facebook is definately not working as expected...
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Mushroom and Lentil. Sugar free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
exactly. I don't understand why GB would even have in interest for him. We have a great FB and plenty of TE's He fits nowhere
#libs4jobs Your stories about the impact of your library are like duct tape...they stick.
word good to see you bud.
RT ": if " fuck " wasn't a word, i would have a hard time expressing myself."
Your reward for traveling for work is poles of work waiting for you when you get home. Oh, work, you're such a sly thing.
Whn ppl tell jokes,Im alwys the last 1 to laugh.Not bc I dont get them,but bc I dont find them funny.Ever.Do I rly not hve a sense of humor?
I love chocolate so much, that one time I ate an EX LAX bar. I didn't have a real chocolate bar. Barely made it to bathroom, never again.
Ready for some MNF! GO BEARS!!!!
Thank you ! We offer thanks to you as well and appreciate the well wishes. Have a great day!
Flight, always, over every other super power.
i called you back
It's Christopher :p
I swear I could eat chick-fil-a EVERY day.
Ha! RT A9. Russel Brand so I can punch myself in the face over and over again.
Please do this!
only the overachieving engineers would know the answer to that
thank you Miss #DeansList , I was making a point
that's nice... where is he from?
lollol so true
Get in the Mixx
: don't "do" social media. Weave it into everything you do. It isn't meaningful if it is on a "to do" list.
Just remember: behind every mother, was your father.
