RT : Guys suck at listening. HEY NOW.. Thats Male Profiling!
same, but with Tumblr
You be my Louisiana, I'll be your Mississippi. You be my Colorado, I'll be your Illinois.
Cash rules everything around me! No really I need to go to the ATM again it's hard to find a food cart that takes debit cards
Has anyone read the new Sedaris? What did you think? Should we review it on The Current Reader? Any other great new reads to recommend?
Look out: pigeons can use electric doors and public transport.
Marching Band? Yes, please.
i finally succumbed to twitter. more importantly, gary busey is insane and is one of the many reasons i watch celebrity apprentice.
congrats on #tedxnyed sorry i missed the recap. love your resources!
I've discovered that I'm a geek for #SOA I watched 3 seasons in one week but now I'm behind in the new season :o(
Teach a child to read - but don't forget to give them a library and a great school librarian to help with this!
Black Forest Remodel & Tile, LLC is ready to take charge of your remodeling needs!
hahahaha, i love you to death ;)
If you don't have allergies I am hating your guts.
What do you do on Fridays?
should prob get your autograph now before you get too famous lmfaoo
RT : Getting so excited planning our first annual Art Walk with during our Spring on Brady event June 2nd-...
so confused I hate Exam very much
hi coco!i love the show you and ice are soo cute together!;)
Get a rope!
Trying to figure out how to get across to Galveston. A caravan of DPS went south on the northbound side.
Another day, another chance to get it right!
Join us at The Mission Brewery tomorrow from 4-8pm to support The Honest Kitchen in an event for The Barking Lot. Raffles & drink specials!
I like to pretend and are dating when I read the news on the takeover bid.
I'm waiting for the animated Family Guy ad to dance its way across the screen, interfering with the Doppler radar image
Thursday at Friends 11pm !!!
they have a punchers chance to win games when they hit 3s or the other team turns it over a lot. That's not gonna win playoff gms
In other words, the retirees feel like they "built the game up" and have been tossed aside like old car parts w/o benefits and poor pensions
See yall tonight.
I'm so mad at McGahee right now thanks to he's stupid fumble we are now in a lot of trouble.
Chocolate pot de cremes finished, time to make a move on the cake
I am tweeting for the first time. Wish me luck.
We should have the BBQ here at the ol' mansion, no? We can invite plenty of villagers just for the heluvit!
Me too! It means I'm doing SOMETHING right :)
That and I don't want to go near my iPad data limit before the SpaceX #NASASocial!
son I'm still waiting on my ride! Trying not to be ungrateful but I'm ready to spazz!
wow ur just gonna leave me in precalc
"A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies" -Jojen, A Song of Ice and Fire
nothing but thoughts and prayers for you and your family
Sleep is the Cousin of death
is texting people shes never met on some iphone app... And she thinks im weird for reading..?
I met a long tail last night. I spent hours looking for keywords.
I love money
I am not confident that the industry will self regulate here. There needs to be more incentives
just hit me up
You'd think grimly was a yooper for how tough he is. Maybe we can make him an honorary member!
okay, I just followed him :)
Seriously. I should'nt eat ice cream. Poor tummy ):
Friends, looking for an AP contact in South Africa ... anyone?
#evernoticed how nobody wants you when your single but as soon as your in a relationship everybody wanna start crushin on you
saw your link. thank you.
rise&shine.
Wife has found out she is allergic to wheat, not that gluten thing but actually wheat...small changes and pow, she is better, just crazy...
And you can't delete the freaking thing, unless I am missing something
Thanks Ted - it was a fun group Great presentation by on social media at NIA yesterday. Check him out also
Good news....neither team scored during halftime...
this boy looks like danny AH!!! <3
American history class 😒🔫
Huhh so now he wants to take all fucking day. That shit irritating!
yay! Hope you enjoy!
Thanks for following back! Dusty Springfield channel is amazing
he is So old lol
Beer Trivia Time! Q. What year was beer finally sold in bottle form?
Kazoozles...YUM :D
follopw me please need at least another 100 followers... big favor
Love the building I just moved in. It is green! :)
you doing it homie. Can't wait to hear what you guys drop on us
a caution for something that never really was a tackle..
RT : Drupal commerce rocks - now with 80% more Drupal. At nuts and bolts session
Kells on the big screen. “: Where's everyone watching the Blazer game tonight???"
in 3 weeks :)
Don't stress about the things you can't change.
oh! Gosh! That's so sweet. Thanks for telling me that. I'm glad it moved you!
thank you for your support!
It's a beautiful night to sit outside and play with CJ in his new sandbox.
Ight no more middle fights... Lets go mayweather vs pac man..where's don king when u need him!!
lol I'm making a log house
Getting excited (and nervous) about the 48 Go Green this weekend!
Good Morning!
#TeamMEB.... Will start soon!
Hi Karen! I'm watching MSNBC. I do like CNN, but John King & his charts & graphs drives me bonkers.
At #ikea... God help me.
Designer of Ann Romney's $1K Shirt Says It's Off The Rack - ABC News (blog)
Great page on FB for homeowners and home improvement professionals called "Ask The Kitchen Guy" from DDS Design Services to "LIKE"
Reading internship posts on blogs... missing internship days!
i 💗my bad bitch🐙
Thanks Pennsylvania for the awesome signing autographs. :) *giggles*
Just realized it's only Tuesday... I hate it when that happens
I like the sound of you shutting the fuck up.
Eat immediately after a workout. Your body will automatically use the calories you eat for repair and recovery, not fat storage.
no, in the end it's how their dick feels
In study hall, listening to my dad's songs. I love you, Dad. You should be famous(:
They should pass a law against redheads, isn't that a choice too?
Courts your tweet said what has UC done since the Gtown game. Tan the Bearcats played Johnies b4 Gtown
Morgan will likely trump me. RT : = awesome wedding present buyer. Who knew?
A I need that but not for the 14 lol
If you are in Bton and can't see the CoH subtitles b/c of the snow warnings, come see Strange Things at the the Buskirk-Chumley Jan.23! :)
#schoolmemories Beating little kids up >,<
I'm tweeting too much. I'm gone. lol ✌
ma my hoodie on glow, just got slapped for calling my friends hoodie a hooded sweatshirt, just thought you should know.
My mom made me kiss her.. Most awkward experience of my life
Secure Virtual Machine Server for Military Applications - R &amp; D Magazine
#itsabeautifulworldbecause I'm in it. You're welcome
I want to watch this game!
Same here RT: I hate my dads judgements! Stfu.
She sucked the skin of this dick you shoulda seen this bitch!!
no coffee this morning cannot function
RT When someone says "everything happens for a reason" I'd like to smack them and say "yeah, I guess you're right"
iphones are the new compact mirrors.
epic win!
GH and ur performances so powerful, shld be moved to prime time. Strting campaign!
Sweet! But, can't DM you until you follow me. RT You won a complimentary app card. Dm your full name.
#SometimesIWonder if I ever cross your mind.
Tell I love him in person , That's All I Really Wanna Do
Hey cousin, I didn't know you were on Twitter! Love you! :)
I'm Puerto Rican and I speak Spanish
He'll get it!
Hi there, let's connect on facebook... www.facebook.com/jimnkyles
it took 27 min to get this after placing my order at bar
Can we please get a run for Greinke?
playing the harmonica in my room , at ease.
I think it's funny that you guys tweet about us so much!
Coca Cola went to town, Pepsi Cola shot her down, Dr.Pepper fixed her up, now we all drink 7up, 7up caught the flu,say hello to Mountain Dew
lol...been there many times
Happy Mothers Day to the most wonderful mom there is. I love you so much, mothaa <3
love that movie!
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." -- Robert Louis Stevenson
oh gosh..lol ion know who all coming
Thanks everyone! My instapaper is jammed full with things to read think about!
Can't wait for this class to be over 😉👏
I'm carrying 's child. But he's trying to leave me :( lol
nice what studio is that? and ya gonna be in LA next wknd, ill be out there
nice stickers, I've got to make sure to get some from you.
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear: Bud Lite
The silent bear no witness against themselves.
oh no... I can only imagine what someone might have said to you today.
OoLaLa! RT : Day 2 of Study Cram is here! Free snacks (nuts, granola bars, apples) open rooms for studying and chair massages!
You too, Chris. Won raffle & Mr. Witt let me select The Leader Within instead of a scarf-some light summer reading.
Just heard a song I think was written purely off of word association.
Spaz, because at least Valentine somehow got the hopeless Mets to the World Series
Feist, cornflakes, coffee,a run and sunshine in Chicago. #carefree #happiness. Can every morning be like this?
If you're a Vineyard Westside attender - don't forget to attend the Prayer Experience tonight or tomorrow @ 7:30pm - 12yrs old and up
Oh yeah? How was it? I forgot that it was premiering. Ha!
I hate that fucking song. HOW CAN YOU MISS SOMEONE BEFORE YOU MEET THEM?
I'll DM you if I need an insultation.
It really seems like sleep should come earlier and end later. Why is it you can sleep in at an age where u can't reqlly appreciate it.
"A year from now you will wish you had started today."
Didn't get much sleep last night I hate storms
sorry I missed it! If you are looking for more community participants 1. Use buffer & see when your tweets are read
...I was thinking...you should do an interview with US!!! We don't have our album out yet...but it'd be fun:D
Beautiful people all around the world.
Count down to Ieroween.
Will be curious to c how all the recent retail & travel discount sites persevere. C more competition each day. Believe this is the future.
Thanks! It's a 4x6 card, so a about the size of a postcard.
adios south beach.
Just heard Thunder for first tiMe today near 86th and Meridian #severe here in indianapolis
while standing on her hind legs
no problem. it was wonderful year, and we cannot wait for May 19!
yes no problem
good look bro this summer we goin HAM! wit da video connect we got to
Thanks Alex! I believe big things are coming! -Chris
Good Monday Morning. Hitting the trail running and getting over the first crest before first light.
Re: In this day in 1933: FDR and Prohibition -- Who said tweets about history can't be funny?
Agrees with , has the best tweets ever.
Disorganization enslaves us to an existence of confusion, anxiety, and separation. Don't let disorder master you. Start now.
Great to be back in LA! Sure, the joint's got its flaws, but some pretty cool shit happens here.
hearing sex or that he/she only lasts a minute?
Shot out to the homie make sure yall follow him!
Punching so many people in my mind right now.
stumbled on your blog via twitter. Great, informative stuff, thanks!
Designing Culture, Anne Balsamo, Duke 2012 "Technology and culture are inseparable" "a manifesto for ed progs" #feminist design
Although for him it was out of necessity. He was out of work and needed money.
Cheese steaks from Ishkabibbles and strawberry Gelatos from Ritas all summer. Don't judge me.
the play by play made me think they only cared about osu rep, not the person involved.
You're awesome! Thank you.
We are still under construction, but we are getting ready to launch our site soon
OWS:Exposing evil but at the same time persuading the adversary and keeping the peace.Those three are tough to balance.
I'm a #lakers fan but they need 2 get Bynum's ass off the team. they don't need punks like that. Sucks Phil Jackson's last game has that BS
God is NOT finished with you yet.....
I might have to move from Hurricane
What's the link? <3
Kevin Johns, head of EGRSO says 7-year term stated in document
” Streep looked shocked when her named was called, especially because Viola Davis was considered the front-runner for “The Help
Sun goes down. Drinks go up.
But you can, if you haven't already, buy the full "Really Rosie" album on iTunes. My personal favorite, too.
I DIDN'T LOL!! I'm and angel.
Doesn't he always? RT : is doing a great job tonight!!
RT Attention Graphic Designers $$$ opportunity.. needs a logo asap .. Hit them up
you mad?
lol you guys are nuts... can't wait =)
Poor brady, he didn't get laid superbowl day.
Doing really well, he actually just took the Associate job @ UNC Greensboro with Wes Miller. Started there about 2 weeks ago
We all want Christmas to come fast but the anticipation will make this month go so slow
Hate how some people feel so entitled... Get this right muggs... U Ain't SHIT!!!
looking forward to "Do's and Dont's of Quadding"
<raises hand. I do!
Guess who just broke Twitter? Me.
Taking pictures of set lists is saving me so far....
I agree. Also trainers who want clients to look/be like they think they should and not what the client wants.
Very true. And authenticity - which is the part that I think requires the most courage and wisdom in order to be creative.
Put the kids to bed. Check on them later & caught them w/the light on coloring in their beds. Hate to being the bad guy when they're so cute
Thanking God and Jesus for waking me and my love ones up this morning!
Have a great weekend !
Gm! Bridal shower tea party today in apache junction. Tea party ettiquette anyone?
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.
ATL airport to pick up
chapter 5 is up!
hey I'm headed to la in a week for some meetings and shopping we need to visit!
I would love to!! Let me pass this on to to discuss! I love that space, it's gorgeous!
Thanks for the follow, Donald!
Ain't no love in the heart of the city...that's why home is where my heart lies
How so?
I thought you were going to work for me? ;-)
Missing the point...Kanye was picking tag team partners for later
aww I miss u too. Lol what up
Smart move. RT : #NASCAR will not penalize for his use of Twitter during last night's
what is wrong
but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy
WUT IS TRUST!
Perfection is constantly improving on it until you have to put it on and go out with it. Then you must let it go. ;)
Spring is here, time for spring cleaning. Host your virtual garage sale on EggCartel
What do you think about this University of Illinois coaching situation?
In college, this is when we would all look at our phones awkwardly
filmed her new music video "Part of Me" at Camp Pendleton, San Diego. How freakin' awesome ! I love her. <3
need more minds like his in lots of industries!
Take a look: 20% metrics, replicable design for rest of country, Exports
The API is currently down, we're working to get it back up ASAP. Sorry about that folks.
I got a taste for some nice refreshing Pepsi Clear...who's got any from '93? #soundsgood I'm on the hunt...
I ain't gonna lie, reason I hate the Lakers. They've been good for so long! Lucky fans
Tonight : #SetItOff feat. , The Backup Plan, The Said & Done, Always 10ft Tall & Ridgeway, 6p.
Wonder if it would provide the technology to route people to different existing hotlines around the US?
Let's meet b4 the GI Unite gig & chat, rip that up & move from there.
Where all my Latinos at!! Come out and party with NochePdx at Qube!!
Going to try and get a few pages written tonight... we'll see how it goes. I think I have hit the proverbial wall until the weekend.
Signed my lease to return to Nevada. Another year of Reno Little Theatre, Student Advising at USAC, rock climbing and salsa dancing!
LOVE YOU <3
goodmorning well not so much if anyone knows of a room to rent or a place plz plz let me know ASAP thx u hugs
I wanna switch to a different school!!
I'm going to write a memoir about my days in concrete laying, called "Trials & Tribulations"
RT : Wish you could have a summary of The Facebook Customer Service Challenge for Brands from #sxsw? Here are the top...
Existence is a contradiction.
I love that quote!!!
First event of the afternoon: a panel on pedagogy and data modeling
Steve Martin is just about the coolest guy ever.
#thatawkwardmoment when the person in the stall next you has no shame about taking a loud dump, pushing sounds and all. O_o
gl champ rock that stack
we gonna take care of them tonite
Winners from today's #LawMeets will compete in the National Meet in Phila on March 29 and 30, 2012
ok... getting back into it. here we go
Burger Up with my dad. It's fair to say its a man date.
When you don't know if the the kid likes you back.
that's really beautiful.
Home for sale at 422 Buckingham Dr., Houston, TX - Houston Chronicle
When I listen to boyfriend by j.bieber all I hear is that bird thing in the background..
You: "what are you wearing to the halloween party?" Me: " I don't know
Thanks to everybody that came to the Bedouin Soundclash show...hope to see you at Stars & Stripes and Uncle Sam Jam, too!
Time to get some shuteye. Hope this pulled muscle stops hurting. ugh.
HA! “: Does the "Lord of No Rings" ever regret the Phillip Rivers is better than Drew Brees decision?”
Follow and check out their website to listen, and learn about the lectures Civil Rights activist James Farmer
what competition?.. Sorry I dont know what's happening
Here we go, last crunch time of my undergraduate career
LOL, wait till video #2- Rack City. Def some Cat Daddy'n goin on in there.
That sounds like wayy more fun than taxes!
"I told you I'm not bulletproof, now you know."
#WordsINeverWantToHear can I have some gum
I should be sleep
3/14 is National Pi Day! Celebrate with a “pie” from your favorite pizza guy...Johnny!
same here. nothing like a surprise root canal!
This is a proud day for Mke. Thank u to our Mayor and Common Council for your bold leadership.
That feeling you get when he gives you that long hug and you just never want let go. ?
love the ad. Looks like you guys got some great feedback. ^TR
RT : $10 Thursdays for Big Box and At-TEN-tion Span! RT to help get the word out! See you tonight!
Agreed! Very informative.
me likes Tommy. Go Green
Empower women
lmao the potato bodies = cash flow ...
Hey independents, see how Mitt stands up to extremism? This is a preview of a Romney presidency.
Still woke 4 hours later and 4 new songs laid. Verses, hooks, adlibs.
A Benefit for Freedom From Fear featuring The Sliders / The August Infinity... This Friday!
Having a grandparent with early onset, I could not agree more!
followed everyone back. love u.
that new(ish) York commercial gets me every time. EVERY. TIME.
Tune in to 1340am on the COACH COOK RADIO SHOW, Aaron Davis from Hillsborough Title will join Coach live in studio!
#SocialChat Do you monitor actual twitter feed or are lists your go to source?
Joanne Roukens on the challenges of regularly posting to the blog: "you know how much I enjoy organizing things!" TRUTH! :-)
so true!! You were a great #Bachelorette because u were real! It appears Ben is too! Why doesn't he see her true colors??
I know I have like so many cards to write out and not looking forward to it.
Apparently contacting #liberals + telling them they are wrong is frowned upon by #twitter. Been warned but will not stop speaking truth.
Message to those who s moms are in heaven may you find comfort on this day knowing she is with her heavenly father. She is proud of you.
Happy Easter from
#GreatnessIs never allowing your failures to dictate your future
“: We look forward to networking with students and recent grads at today's finale!”-->Thank You! BTO Solutions
Hahaha, exactly. It's all over my fb timeline & Batavia twitter list. RT : Lol @ girls thinkin they are really a model
Ted Allen: Chia pets, that's how we roll
Sad #WE11 is over but happy it was so successful. I can't wait for WE12 in Houston. Congrats to all awardees
what's good man!
Its showin up to class 5 minutes late cus I'm a nice guy and want to make everyone else in class look good #tuesday ...
One of the best costume parties this year, hope you join us!
There's still time to swing by the Bricktown store before the #OKCThunder game begins to pick up some new music!
So...is a rubric based on evidence seen in the work...or measurement of the work? Both?
I can't move.
don't forget St Norberts won another D-3 hockey championship.
How is it possible that I can care so much about someone who could care less about me? Ugh
I know I've asked this before...but does anyone know of a good cleanse?
thank you very much :D <3
why he has 90k* follower
I just saw you RT the Taurus joint. Are you a taurus???
Yeah I was, born & raised. If U ever have ?'s about LA, feel free to ask. If I can't answer them, my wife can. Shes the smart 1
Of course. There is a par 3 tourney he can enter with me and he'll be the favorite to win lol
Probably unrated.
ewwwwie hahah yep but listen to and ease tell people to follow me(: and him!!!
glad you found it helpful!
I love it when you listen to a song you've never heard & guess the lyrics. I'm looking at you, Mountain Goats!
B1G Tourney coverage starts today! and will have the call from Indy at 5 pm as No 9 #Badgers take on No 8
Alumni white roster: Jonathan Laurens, Blake Guyton, Steven Robinson, Mike Lyons, Tariq Gladney, & Jake Cox.
very, very strange - inconsistent between browsers etc.
moving sucks! I might need to move somewhere cheaper though dangit!
i love duncans toy chest
Yes, I have blocked about 100 trash posts.
If you didn't lock yours loans today. Your going wish you did. Rates will be higher tomorrow!
SO jealous! GJ had an adventurous day: shunts in BF's ear & excitement living next door to the flea market!
ever wonder why those great pictures of pop kids people take never show the crowd!? oh... wait.
I'm on E....not the good kind.
Loyalty without question is not loyalty it's STUPIDITY
Wanna hear a joke I heard about a funny guy named Michael who corrects everyone if they don't speak with
I can't believe that this is my final week of school...where did the year go?
working and looking forward to the Laker game. I'm nervous!
Behold, happy is the man whom God correcteth: therefore despise not thou the chastening of the Almighty: Job 5:17
Picking up #donated #officefurniture. If you know of any companies getting rid of desks, bookshelves, large tables & more; let us know.
WORK AT HOME TIP: Do not compare your business to others. Your business is unique and so are your successes.
Well that's embarrassing #soontobecollegegraduate?
Be the change you wish to see in the world. ~ Gandhi
The Guthrie Campaignhonored to announce the Appeals Ct ruled #SheriffGarcia wrongfully withheld documents & Judge Baker ruled Guthrie!””
-throws a stick because too scared to come at you-
All these negative vibes kill my mood. Cheer up kidos.
Get money or go broke
Is it wrong to say that Television should be entertainment that should be used occasionally.
I want some Cuban Cake!! 🍰
WAssup sexy!! What you doing? Actually Dm me
nice watch
#envato support sucks -- if ever I could punch a web service in the face it would be now. just one (of many im-sure) disgruntled users.
Taking off on early flight. CMH ✈ LGA
Big WOOF Out to !
Why do I buy Real Simple magazine? There are 2 pages devoted to dish racks. WTF.
well I dm it to you
the real question is how worth it is a california king - and i would say a 10. how tall is ed again? 7'1"?
I had the same thought.
sorry i don't understand?
"La Marseillaise" was composed by Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle on this day in 1792, just in time for stirring scene in "Casablanca."
Happy B-Day hope ur hvng an awesome day
Just got chills reading 's fb post......
Brunch is on!' come on down!
Jäger just swam in the river for the first time and loved it! #proudmama 🐶💚
Still spazzing over Warner. Ohmygod that kids adorbsssss ;D
Keep up the hard work. Will we see you back on the court next season?
You can hear conviction in .'s voice and the lack of it in 's
goodnight baby!
1DAY. Rehearsal was so intense and amazing tonight.
. NBA season not looking good, starting to feel the emptiness!
If the war on terror is over then let me take a big drink on board the airplane.
HAHAHA U GONNA EAT IT?!
Nothing like replenishing the supplies, well-overdue night of chillin ahead
OMG! I just balled over that touching dog story.
You assumed I was moody. I was answering your question just not how You wanted me to :-)
No quit in the Grizzlies.
totally making a video tomorrow
Another great day , cards get a W..cruising listening to new Wiz
": Wilson is a damn good pick. I'm convinced he's not a backup." Agreed, loved watching him as a badger
re: my Bacula database is 14GB on disk. To put it in perspective, we have a geologic block model for a proj that is 14GB on disk
Almost just died
haha so did I, then the test changed it!
When you clicked that one video of Austin singing on YouTube, you honestly didn't know you would love him this much, did you.
Rain Rain Rain Today
hahahah dude might be the grandfather of
Fan fic documentary seeks fans of trek for interviews
Thanks for the #FF as always!
haha, fanship starts early. smart kiddo :)
Supposedly better, and certainly environmentally a lot better.
that was the most misleading title ever
#fact about #8 There were 8 writers of the New Testament, who wrote of Jesus’ life, death and resurrection.
yep! and i hope i don't get in a fight!
nite tweet buddies gonna go to bed an cuddle wit my new baby gurl pup cloe!!! lol
Sometimes I just wonder what if
I tell people color is fixable. A bad cut is not.
get connected for FREE
I hate liars,cheaters etc. ugh really rethinking some shit
& present Club at the Newport Music Hall on July 24th! Tickets are $15 in advance and go sale 4/20!
She don't cook well. But she gives sweet brain.
ZOMBIE KANYE? LOL, thats hilarious, I thinkw e should have a CELEBRITY ZOMBIE COSTUME CONTEST!
Tik Tok: 1 MORE DAY UNTIL FASHION'S NIGHT OUT! Check out www.fashionsnightout.com to find all the lastest events
!!! Sing soon please!! :) Lovin' & , you'd better kick some massive boo-tay :D Pretty sure you will!
i was actually thinking of writing subway and telling them it's really in poor taste to continue to use his image in their ads
really loving opening week and great pitching!! I'm ready for my Halos visit to the Bronx, Let's go!!
I don't know what it is about Chicago but WOW what a show. Bravo , bravo!
going to try to not have a tv in Boston if we can avoid it. i'm becoming allergic to the sound of it, amazingly.
It is what it is....
Grrrr, I hate this geology lab! Its soo boring !
Eeeeeeeekkkkkkkk! Coffee all down my scrubs.
Got more covers for Aporia today!
Lolla lineup looks amazing as usual. The big headliners are kind of meh for me though. Cool to see but not that excited.
pretty sure I just swallowed my tongue. How come I never see girls that look like that when I bowl?
that ish is killing my stomach rite now!!!
If you don't depend on a woman's income, you may not realize why economic opp for women actually matters. In touch? Or out of touch?
aw did you have fun !!!?
I surely do not know how to get home. Astound me?
Stocks Decline After Weak Jobs Report
#Pittsburgh #GreenTree - What's with all the crazy sirens I'm hearing on Parkway?
love all the pics Jimmy especially since I cannot be there today! First time:( Can I retweet and out on FB?
candy shop !
& by happy endng I mean: Steelers lose or true love as result of angsty misunderstood stoic torment& wistful uncrtainty. #i♡whengoodwins
Chilly morning with a frost advisory in effect! Hot weather coming up in about 5 minutes! #Newschannel8atsunrise!
you don't own Top Gun?!?!?!?! Shame on you!! Best damn movie ever!! I feel like Target might have it for cheap :)
Music tonight (Fri., April 6) 10 p.m.: Mike Mulvaney, Folk/Blues
CE Image is ridonkulous. Get it and never look back.
Barrett did an interview with , MSNBC, aired with your live tweeting
Earn an Extra 400 a Week. International Nutrition Company Expanding. Seeking Athletic & Sports Minded Individuals with Good People Skills
no problem Justin. Good to meet you.
Good Afternoon! Today's specials: Carne con papas....a costa rican stew. Tuna melt on croissant. And chicken with rice & veggies soup.
go get 'em
no, but i like discovering & sharing. you're good at memorable activities.
she said she dont like #WhiteGuys ,so i showed her my 3rd leg..now she saying its kool bcuz im must be half-black.
Why do fools fall in love
And by "every day" I mean every scheduled day.
hahaha well I definitely take it as a compliment :)
#RHAPcity a virtual librarian game. "Playfulness" in #digitalmedia #digitalhumanities #youtube ..kathleen harris..conference
I'd love to see that. Save APA/MLA?etc for when/if a student starts actually publishing in the field.
#mla #s305 next speaker: Sue J. Kim, U of Alabama, Birmingham.
it's been ages since i've seen a line in buffalo as good as ennis/stafford/foligno right now. Playing with confidence.
Early dinner then off to improv class! Monday nights are fun these days! :)
not too dry, cereal is always better with milk 😏
.....met Jon at ALA last year; also used to work with his wife (she's a law librarian).
S/o to You might finally be able to come out..how exciting!!
im sorry, i mean its not like we are even close anymore....
RT : "I have often regretted my speech, never my silence." - Xenocrates #quote And SO TRUE!
One day im gonna marry an ICONic Boy... you just wait
Miami 3-1 let's go Boston can't hang wit us they too old
That's a pretty bold confession, but LOVE that he had the stones to; probably worth a sore knee. That 9th inning was nuts.
Lose one friend, gain two.
Drinking at the cherry creek parking lot lol
ND peeps- head So. of Bentley for the Friez family auction! You can't miss the deals!
Follow Us if you Love Boxing News, Videos, and Updates
right?? Thanks babe. I want it as wallpaper.
Singing, is my heart!
All this over some dick..come'on bitch it aint that serious
Ma kids r leaving 2day yeah me
RT : Great timing RT Redskins safety Meriweather arrested for DUI -- Like really??
“: I accepted the terms and conditions without reading them YOLO”
Certainly. Issue is that certain immoral acts and sins are condemned and others are either celebrated or ignored by our culture.
*high five* me too!
Ooh, I didn't even think about that!
well deserved! Share your nomination on Twitter!
Tha madness continues.....my bracket is already lookin HURT!!!!!.
ahh your shirt is so sparkly :)
Prof Bies: Reinvention is the key to longevity. Best examples? Madonna! Oprah! Dr G! Kaya Henderson!
Eagerly anticipating Fridays game of baseball. Hope your ready
I miss my psc friends
I got my PhD in Norman, so I've a fondness for that town.
Awesome performance by for #ltc today! Loves it!!!!
you are NOT alone! :-)
Union strike may kill off Twinkies? No complaints here...
: who is dh for the yanks? Ibanez? They are going to rotate
skinny time just got asked to walk in a fashion show during fashion week in October hells yeah.time to get back to the life of a socialite
Squared off for a fight. Most prison fights have the intention of being to the death. This fight was a most kind of fight. These two cons
St. Lawrence Seaway took 50 years. I-98 planned 50 years ago; still not built.
Had a really fun time last night at Musical Mondays at Splash.
Glad I could help. It's a big step in the gameday process
lmfao. Is that all you got ? Resorting to old, tired, racial jokes? Sad little person you are.
Someday your prince charming will come. mine just took a wrong turn, got lost, & is too stubborn to ask for directions. ♥
LOL! Pick them up. Weave is expensive.
hamburger helper nigga!
Okay. Bring me some food
Wow. Waiting at BART and see a raven picking apart a dead pigeon on the tracks. M yummy thing to see on ur morning commute
#supportlocalmusic Live with some random tracks. Stop by.
Just woke up from a 5 hour nap
And there are no extra-inning major league baseball games on consecutive nights. I'm sold.
Zucker is a former LA Select and 2010 second-round draft pick. Tennyson, of Pleasanton, played 2 seasons for the Jr. Sharks.
Good Lord...
So takin it up the ass while wearing a tampon DOESN'T constitute DP....SHIT I thought I marked one off the list....
Dole is putting 100 million #foodday stickers on bananas next week! And 11 million bags of baby carrots will sport our name too!
loves middle eastern food
OPENING DAY!!!
People really believe life is promised to you "forever".Remember ur body is being loaned to you until god collects it.Make do of your life.
Ok, my apologies. I thought this pic was you. Where are you in the world? Hope you are having a great weekend!
.as soon as my nails dry up though hahaa.
It's also what I did when I heard Shaq picked UW RT Shittu sounds like a baseball pitch in Japanese.
Good luck lady! You deserve it!
Foot Euphoria has a $30 hour massage....I might go do that.
Had a fun audition today and am now gonna go out with my hot Canadian guy... ♥
Would you like more energy? Restful sleep? Pain free living? Anti-aging benefits? Patch technology is here! I use them, they work!
well at least you both know the truth, even if you're not getting royalties for it
Want to exchange follows? let's support eachother. There is a promotion site that is free on my profile.
how you doin ;)
yes, you can submit your music link to
With your online MBA program you will achieve an unparalleled level of business knowledge in all aspects of management.
"The track Before I Break by Circle7 is complete kick you in the balls chaos! We love it!"
My favorite UFC fighter is Dude fights with some serious heart
I really like everything you've put together. Keep It Up!
Definitely should meet up for a drink and hear how things are going.
grrr.. You just made getting lunch my mission =]
Trying to find someone to go and see with me next month... I really want to go!
brunch > snow
I found it online but I still can't believe it! Is this our idea of a statesman?
Unless they're related to ME, I could really give a rat's ass about Who Celebrities Think They Are, NBC.
I can't tell if you guys are flirting or arguing anymore.
"“I am only one, but still I am one. I cannot do everything, but still I can do something."
“: they'll be out soon! :D Sean's going to be releasing a solo country anthemic track soon as well...” baby lock dem doors....
Cascade Cliffs Wine tasting tomorrow night. 4-6pm
RT this if you are sick like me
hey Scott! Mark here:) good morning bro!
Reviewed in Legal Info Alert: Conducting Due Diligence in a Securities Offering [PLI]
I hate my life. Someone trade me theirs.
Either that stage is really big..Or there are very few people in the "crowd". haha.
#Pens are up again. Off to for a gig. See you somewhere around the globe.
TXT ME BULLY LMAO
Rolling in the deep is harder than it sounds.
hey will you send me that radio email? time for Bald Faced Condescension to become a reality...
For one thing, they marry later, for another thing, they die earlier
Is it just me or does it feel like the #gop is blowing this race on purpose? Seriously, how did reproductive rights become issue #1??
Tequila Dinner tonight still seats available! Call to make a reservation!
Somewhere around the Capitol, I bet is celebrating right now... RT : Caps!!!!!11
If the family were a fruit, it would be an orange, a circle of sections, held together but separable - each segment distinct.
“: wanna dance?” UNDER THE BED COVERS?
Never could understand how Green Lantern is a favorite...
And I think we all have a personal brand :)
il be damned if i didnt just get the most crucial screening lol
Jesus takes 39 stripes, 2 nails, 1 crown of thorns, for the WORLD,and cute kittens and laughing babies are more recognized than #Christ. SMH
absolutely. Emphasis on "can".. I'm embarking on a term paper about this to find out how much it's actually used. Suspect not much
Sup fellas <-- stop changing your damn s/n fool
IT'S HARD NOT TOO OK
There went another dagger into the career of THE MIZ!!
I should have read that first. Is she, though ?
Today, in 1997 Garry Kasparov ,World Chess Champion, wins first of six chess games against IBM’s Deep Blue supercomputer.
Who says chicks don't know football? (Lisa Johnson) of previews #Dolphins draft with next!
flying to Spain Murcia for the kick-off of one of the most important EU projects on IPv6: Intelen applies IoT and IPv6 on
WORLD SERIES CHAMPS!!!!!
Hey Ma, what's good?
didn't see your friends! rocked the hell out!!!!
Friendly Tip Calculator - Dining with Friends Made Easy and Free on Cinco de Mayo - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
my lips are huge they across my whole face. ayye lol
and SO funny!
sending good vibes your way!! :)
“:pressure on Indy Star headline writers tonight... crappy Luck puns.” in the world of Lucky Charms, the horseshoe was purple
Wow really
What would make someone think they could eat in the archives? Am I crazy or are they?
It was led me to it.
Gotta love Ca... thank you for smashing in my passanger window, In front of a church building on a Sunday... ironic...
Ima be playing soccer for a living and for fun cause I LOVE SOCCER <3!!!!
Riding round and I'm gettin it .... Wit my nigga dre .
lol. Its a song. Haven't u heard it?!? So was the last tweet!!!
Great! Thank you so much. How can I reach you? What's the phone number?
haha which episode are you watching? I was Obsessed with that show
ha yes i am following your ass. Doing great. lots and lots of work. How are you?!
Hi girlfriend. <3
ready to see this music video bro !
A smoothie would be nice 👌
Marc overdid it with the Srichacha on the leftover food he packed for my lunch.
I've heard that Hitler was also very find of his dogs.
but they do sound all fancy when u say them. Impresses the ladies at the mansion too
Thanks, Phil. You have a really dynamite team! I appreciate you saying that!
Niggas I be with everyday those my brothers they problems my problems
And now...back to
RT : There's this sweet boy battling cancer, and his biggest wish is to trend on Twitter. Let's make it happen!
I've been following since the beginning of this season I think that deserves a follow back or at least a RT
I completely agree. We're following up neural focus group work with teaching related studies right now
morning all:))
these 13 days need to just hurry up
Cast & Crew head over to Bryant Park to sneak a scene as the park org was slow in wanting to provide permit or help. Hope all goes well
At least for now that's why I have a designer. :-) I intend to avoid learning a new tool as long as possible.
Thank you so much for that:)
My blood is boiling right now... DO NOT fuck with me when it comes to my kid.
Captain Obvious
Rainy Seattle day - great for launch party hangovers and....more promotions from 5-9 :)
Ok, big one: this whole week, mention this tweet, get half off your drink between noon and 3pm. Yep, everyday this week!
"i like twitter.. follow me.. TheRealRoyc--" "WHY ARE YOU TALKING SO LOUD?"
one more exam and I'm getting wasted
so just called me transcendent. best compliment ever!
got to work extremely hard
Outta work going to get shit done.. Which means spending money I don't have
The 6 most requested songs of the day are on now! Listen in to Milwaukee's Most Wanted. It will save the polar bears. ;)
Can't wait to finally see LEO on the big screen in 3d tonight with
yo ass look like gold fish lolol
Oh ok
thank u ~ i'm recovering *grins* enjoying your tweets ;) ttfn!
hell yes! #Pittburgh is chic. end of story
It's official - I love shooting a gun.
#NeverShouldYouEver talk bout fighting me den 5min. try to be all in my face as my buddy again -_-
yay! God will use u tremendously!
Music,money, weed
So my dads comes home with a new and my mom didnt even know... Lolol
Getting Excited about my show in two days 2012 Tour+ 9pm "Detroit Stiletto Blues" Free Show of Magic Blues!
Hi 50! Lost master files to COMPLETE XML WEBSITE (purchased on ActiveDen, 2008) due to severe crash. Any way to get from you?
In the middle of no where :3 oh joy! :D
Hit us up man! Minneapolis Media Institute/ Cade Michaels Management.
And, obviously, any local Kentucky jazz musicians should get in touch with me, too. I'm in the process of getting the new site up & running.
Trying to hurry up so I can go enjoy this beautiful San Diego weather!
Ohmygod, we have a lot of things in common. <3
Congrats on the SEC series win today , , going for a Sunday sweep tomorrow
I love how 2/3s of the comments on Spokesman articles say, "We need to make big changes unless we want to be the new Detroit."
So for real: every time an auto-DM is sent out to a new follow, a kitten dies a painful death.
i was talking about game 7. But overall, the style of hockey in that series is a snooze to me. Sorry...
your such an insperationn too me!(: i love you. I hope too meet you. Follow me please?
When I Love I Love Fareal!* #CaramelBabii..!
do both : monday is never ending. the prize is @ 8pm. work is like the great molasses..do i run or yoga tonight?
.......Don't fuck with me when it comes to this subject.
Who keeps telling Ryan Evans its ok for him to shoot the three?!?! # Badgers
Judge sets bond at $175,000 for DUI manslaughter, still deliberating total bond for Guillen
- any good #Sephardic #recipes you can share?
so do we. so do we. :-/ website work for you for now?
why, thank you! I will pass the message on. So far, we had a rought start but things are improving! Review to follow.
no problem! Great seeing you today!
Where my #SXSW peeps at. Gotta break, tryin to find somethin to get into.
I see light at the end of the tunnel
can't wait to hear it.
This is Northampton: at cafe next to young couple who are discussing Shakespeare plays with their young daughter. In Italian.
F the Prius. Rex will take the solid gold bone though.
#FF to and for a great panel at #delivesf! Keep rocking the BtoB world!
if 2012 is the end of the world soon there will be
I actually believe he existed, not necessarily exists. I love that Jane Goodall believes in him.
Going to see the #Celtics vs #Pacers game tonight! :-)
Keith Sweat's Nobody. Now That's baby making music.
All I want to do is vivre la vie for real.....
Dear Mr. President, The little thing on your lapel is called a microphone. When you talk, it allows people to hear what you say.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! Xoxoxox!! Hope it's Lucki! 💗💗💗
off to the KEG with my broom - go
#1001CubanWaysToDie bringing a black boyfriend home..
Wtf you guys are crazy. i got him in the face -_-
I get off work at 11 am saturday and got sunday off. Woot!
cool what is fgood and new with you
whenever ppl tell me everyone's opinion matters, I ask them why they didn't invite the Klan...
That sad moment when Tumblr is down for the night. Stupid people need to stop joining, and go back to Facebook. -.-
Awesome first day of #FMFGT! Now it's time for drinks, food, and networking!
She a true Kennedy. Of course Obama lies. RT JFK’s daughter Caroline Kennedy now considers Obama a liar .
will be playing Warped Tour in Cleveland this year!!! Come out and support these bros at #Kylestock!!!
I am currently a half hour into Terrence Malick's film The Tree of Life, and I have no clue what the F Im watching right now...
Most reported having to repeat it to lose the weight again. So I don't know...
Long day
was fantastic in Teenage Dirtbag. I've loved watching him since I got hooked on Greek. Excellent casting !
Hm...my grandmother was strong and confident. Granddaddy was what folk called "henpecked". They were married for 61 years.
Rand Paul on John Stewart: Lying sack of ideological crap.
What is this bright light that is coming from the sky!?!?!? I am looking in the dictionary, apparently its called the sun???
In remembrance of my mother, I cleaned all day.
baby u light up my world like nobody else the way that u flip your hair gets me overwhelmed....
Inkwars, making me thirsty
Blacked Out!!!
Alrighty... Latin Lyric final exam in four hours. *cracks open book* *dust disperses*
You'll be alright. Pick a number and get in line. Like Otu says
I'm starting to look a little old for 30.
haha I sure will, better show me around!
The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct acting from inner necessity. Carl Jung
Bolster your ding dang update servers, #apple! Two #iPads down!
no its not smooches love
maybe role for archival community in Philly ?
Boe Lightman~ Nature loves a burst of energy.
Thanks to Gerry Fried (composer with Quincy Jones on "Roots") & his family for stopping by and sitting in during our break !
I don't get what I ask for.. so I don't ask.
RT : Join me at #IntDesignerChat TUESDAY I'll be HOSTING the Topic: Pinterest And Blogging ~ Is This The New Designers PR?
AMEN!!! It's not only the exhaustion--my brain is turned to pop rocks at the end of the day.
I'm having a beautiful day today
iNeed to go to see my mommas....
I know I've been watching too many eps of Dirty Jobs when I hear Mike Rowe in my head narrating everything I do.
I want to start a drawing book with I think it would be epic if we combined our drawings.
Can't wait to drink some free Magic Hat #9 with you at the first League of Libations at Churchkey tomorrow night!
I'm bout to just go back to sleep . #shit Iswack
Luke ridenour looks like he mighthave downs syndrome
Then you'd better start taking a stand even if its not the popular one.
If people are projecting fears it may just be them. It's worth thinking about.
see aun aun see cause I ate twice before I left (janet jackson-friday)
Give em a follow
Hey , that's a double hiccup!
I just got accused of being "All hat, no cattle". I think that's Texan for "All blog, no revenue".
Welcoming Brenda, Till and Eva...Happy Monday!
that a lie cuz u can't beat me or imma tell Tobi
I'm so confused with the ending of How I Met Your Mother.
thanks for the call :)- good to hear your voice!
What's worse than the Dave Matthews Band? Dave Matthews thinking it's acceptable to go "solo." Somebody has an ego...
Branding message, logo, promotion: key to brand consistency in #twitter background.
i think they think its someone else, cant smell, or enjoy their stench.
yeah, I must say I'm pretty darned tickled by it!
I'm HIRSTY!!!
I love your live tweets of auditions. It makes me so ashamed of mine.
Day 1 notes - hardly any apps support iOS 3.1.3 and many older versions gone from Installous, keyboard delay, camera does not focus.
Hi jb fans. Don't u think jb is hot
221 DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS, EVERYONE! ;D
Big Thanks to artists and for their art donations to PVLA! All great pieces have homes via #unitedway raffle.
I was tempted to skip an open bar. I went with the bar.
Thanks for using ShowClix Nicole! Have a wonderful NYE :)
God damnit. I left my card at the bar. Ugh
that's why it would be rude! Haha
OMG, Jack doesn't know who #korn is!
You have a ton!
u dont know me that well
Textin me 'k' is the most annoying shyt in the world
I need to go to Marfa. ASAP.
God sent me a text! It's called The Bible!
What car would Lord Voldemort drive? Tweet us a pic and show the Dark Lord some love.
That is one spectacular lake. Do you fish?
really but ur to hot to be single
: Long day! "Talking #KYderby, the races and parties... tomorrow around 7:40 a.m. with on 102.3 The Max..."
I wasn't going to. All it was gonna say was "God forgives, Kentucky doesn't. #BeatIndiana #BBN"
got it.
pub in Milwaukee #espn #worldcup ESPN radio.
will be live on fox 5 at 8:25! wait. whoa, i'm a poet also!!
Anybody got one of those massive refuse sacks? Maybe two..
been alive for 5556 days, did the math at
Lol so stressed out about Junior year.
oh idk i just like you a lot you know.
Can't wait to get my Mac
thanks for the RT
Catching - The Avengers - today + couldn't be more excited!
hahaha just like the movie White Chicks lol
My grandmother has kicked me out of my mother's house and called me a failure once more. She said the ex knew it all too well and...
Intel's Windows 8 tablet: Checklist goes public: Chip giant proposes a long list of specifications for upcoming Windows 8 tablets.
I've concluded you're late based on the fact there is not one single person around in any of those shots. :)
Ready for the festivities tonight!!
Battery life !
Sometimes we wonder who would win in a fight: Rocky or ? The answer is always Rocky
Life is far too short to live it by other people's standards. Do you; the rest is secondary.
Thanks for the follow Caroline!!!
A one armed bear walks into a bar. He says, 'I'm looking for the guy who shot my pa".
Wow!Is that a lemborghini!or what!Thats pretty AWSOME!
This time next month I will be boarding the Paradise cruise ship with the love of my life to head to the Caribbean for a week!!
Organic Glow Website officially LAUNCHED! www.oglowtan.com - Spread the Glow!
Join us this Wednesday for award winning author Jane S. Smith's program on Chickens! 10:30 a.m. -- free with admission!
I see his movie pop up on netflix, Watchin it while listening to bammer bammer bammer
because its 2012 hahaha. Better see you soon!
Yes, it does. Anywho When are we talking about your reel.
I am who I am baby! lol
Not me.
Our HOST hotel is sold out, the overflow hotels are posted online now starting at only $99. Email us for tel #
my twitter feed just exploded. And I can't watch the game.
I heard you make some killer sushi?? Looking forward to having some son!
no invite... bitch!
This day is pointless. I just want to be done
obviously.. whores these days lol
Yes, those are the other opportunities. Let me know if you want me to get you in touch with our bus dev team for booth/sponsor info
I called into #CinemaInNoir but didn't get through. I wanted to chime in about Bridesmaids.
your right glen coco >everyone else . And because we turn to books in our most desperate times it seems like lmao
Yeah Ithacaaaaa! RT Yes!!! Great job
Sometimes, a mid-afternoon nap is all you need.
maybe I should stick with a fruit cup
PRAYING AMONG THE PEOPLE (Prov 18:14; Matt 4:23) The spirit of a man can endure his sickness, but only Jesus can heal him amen. #Sir Court
So many different emotions people go through. Always remember to be considerate of others.
turkey hunting season is just around the bend YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Doubt it... Wait, what percentage of people don't have access to the web? Babies, impoverished, etc. >2%
follow yuur shoulder?):
I just ate a baked potatoe w/sour cream and butter.Yummy but fattening, I know!
Meek Mill Im On One Freestyle >
yea I DNT skip nothing from begin to end .. but.. its audio dope my nigg
Quote of the Day "It's not what you are, but what you don't become that hurts."
.: Success is dangerous because often you don't understand why you succeeded. - Mark Pincus, CEO and Founder of
I am president now, and tired of being kicked around. --William Howard Taft
depends on the political economy of these new "nation state" social networks and who has what rights over what data
Workplace of the future connecting w nature - latops for all on the rooftop terrace and rain garden
still feels like crap, but gonna try to suck it up & go to school..
Please stop spamming us thanks
homes is going in, if I fall of this ledge am sitting on, it wont be the drank in my hand I blame it on,
Washington state golfers. The free GolfWashington app has added a new button. It is the rules book. Must have in your pocket while playing
I can't wait til' this #hardwork pays off, y'all won't be able to catch me....lol you think I'm on the move now..... #smh this is nothing
I have the worst mother.
hey twitter srry i am late tweeting when i got up i had to goto the store and go mail a few things but i am back!
Ahh that's whatsup! thank you <3 and nothing at a show you?
Gotta go to G,A n chill wit family
How high was the bridge again?
Fiona Apple at Cain Park on July 6th. That is all.
Falcons are so graceful
Time to shave.
adventurous journey took them places of magic wonderment. Amar Ayar’s Zanbeel an endless pit of stories of wonderland, magic and fantasy.
Best part of teaching is telling kids to be quiet & fill in their bubbles. Am I right or am I right?!
Bird-phoners: In honor of Audubon's b-day, the Audubon Birds app is on sale for iPhone or Android for 99 cents through Monday
Thanks for the shoutout
everyone is awesome!!!
Enrique Iglesias - Dirty Dancer ft Usher (Music Video)
Looking forward to joining you in the coming months.
": you can be allergic to pancakes?"
Chef Jose Duarte NYC Bureau live at 5 PM EST maybe I will run into and say hi!
Any man I date had better either already love or be prepared to listen with me every weekend.
Bless you Bishop
“: AHH i want one. i miss you :( #sadtweet” Omg I miss u too love!!! How are u, tell me everything.
Given my multiple responses to your Tweet it begs the question... Still happy you butted in Andy?!? :-)
Adios Dallas, Moto is out. Paris get ready here we come
Under Armor to add 550K SF of #officespace to #LocustPoint campus. Molasses tanks moved. Replaced by athletic field. More good
Ugh. So not feeling well today. Stomach stop revolting against my body. I didn't mean to upset you!! D:
Now I want an Acura :)
Adding "North Korean" to describe a type meth kind of takes away all of the glamour, you know?
Bored af mane.
thank you for everything you and do to continue to motivate the public to support
I am running. You better! :p
when not in one. Because then you don't really have anyone else to blame : )
the series of baby lions that you pinned today just melted my heart during my study break
When I check out someone's blog and in their about me they say they live in Narnia...
I'm so relaxed
Didn't have water at the house... so we had to spend the afternoon swimming in the bay. What a shame... :)
Just found out my computer will be here on the 14th. I can't wait to start rendering these scenes.
I did not look at his nut orchard, thank you very much.
Yeah, that's just wrong!
Right back at ya homie.
Thanks for sharing 's blog Kiri!
Have mercy indeed.
fun production has sadly been shut off near arroya seco.....
Baylor is 1-5 this season vs Kansas & Missouri.. The only two teams they played that are even close to UK's talent level overall
I am blown away that the megamillions jackpot has increased $100million in the last 24 hours.
Who Want To Come With Me And Get My 💅 Did
oh ok. Great year man. Proud of u! jb wants to go shoot at the hoop. Is that where it is?
- Did u hear about the gay man who was balling when he got to London only to find out that "Big Ben" was a clock?
AMAZING WOMAN. excited for tour. i'm gonna pay the most expensive prices. I hope there are VIP tix to meeth er.
They absolutely would disagree and in a certain way they would be right.
Had a fantastic large group of students from CPS last night at Corazón. Thanks to them for coming out and their awesome questions after!
im 16...but i still like Cody haha all my friends are like ewww...and im like ohh shut up already. get over it haha haha
lookin for a nice broom for tomorrow
Work hard play harder!!! TGIfriday!
The only thing I'm completely aware of other than my love for the amazing people that surround me is that the universe wants me to succeed.
AW THANKS BD!
@ the Library: fonts have great names. I'll be downloading "dimestore hooker" just for the hell of it.
Are they supposed to be announced soon?
Guy on train just asked me who won #Yankees #Orioles (it's tied) so he could tell me he doesn't care & would rather watch HS baseball.
Happy #AprilFools everyone!
Taking this as the sign I know He meant it to be..
I need some headphones badly
I swear my mom is a dementor. She sucks all my optimism and happiness straight out of my soul.
Haha, I didn't realize my love for Joe Gordon-Levitt was so widely known.
Pray for me people. Thank you in advance.
I guess.. the day when will follow us is coming up soon!!!!
NW: ROLL BOUNCE WITH MEAGAN GOOD IN IT
TODAY I will make a difference in someone's life!
Everyone is in jeans here - especially the ones who stayed all night!
It must have been a Ceviche night, sold out in 2 hours!
just got home from a lovely dinner with :)
thanks for putting together a great spread and a great event!
You're right. Thanks for the reminder.
Okay, Luai got lost a bit and did an extra 1/2 mile. We're down to 7 minutes ahead of schedule.
People see this staged fakery for what it is...
Thank you and for a beautiful yoga class this morning!
Love , but it's strange that I'm more self-conscious abt sharing reading list than I am abt sharing my genome!...
Walk out tommorow Save the arts Lmao
morning or night...i want have kids and i won't be as scattered --i might actually have a full, uninterrupted convo:) thoughts??
OH hey I have a formspring lmbo
Drove by "Gazeem Funeral Home" today and now Aladdin is on TV.
I completely agree!
BIG SMILES
WHAT JUST HAPPENED!!!! WOO RAISE IT BITCHES!!!!!!
I love those boys who spit poetry instead of tabacco juice.
Always keep it real with me, and i'ma keep it real with you.
#chill #chill #chill #chill #chill #chill #chill #chill #chill #chill !(;
i really want to see mac miller with wiz khalifa.
So true! ": Wake up...Put on reggae music... I promise it will make your day better."
Did u learn anything new, Austin ? ♥
: mine's "4: a nice person".
Does anybody have any video from the Release Show in Jacksonville? We need some and would love to see it!
I ain't nobody big yet
Drink>Talk #truestory RT wth do bars play music so loudly? its not cool to have to yell at your dinner friends
At Fashion In Detroit !
NY1's broadcast of public comments hearing on MTA budget cuts is heartening..
why is it always so hard to get back into the swing of things after a holiday weekend?
I may have spent all last week in Mexico, but that doesn't mean today isn't Taco Tuesday.
Thanks, Anne! We love you as much as you love us! What fun would a NFL game be without the gorgeous cheerleaders?!
Crown Kings rocking @ catch 22 tonight. 930pm. The weekend is here!
#sxswi Programming and Minimalism talk about punk with no mention oh the Ramones. Travesty
Cool, just wanted to verify before slipping any Baby Aegon references in.
Good meeting today with management team....now its time to start booking gigs
Good luck with that. I know just how you feel.
I'm for team with most points...if ya didn't understand da safety call in 1st quarter you'll not understand my strategy...
Congrats! Which fest? Promote at but also around fest starting at least a few days before fest even begins.
Bring it on, Tornadoes.
Things are getting seriously out of hand in the markets today. Can the crash preventors/market manipulators get any leverage?
BOM-Bring Own Music
Spending time w/ my sister ❤
Perhaps we'll have to bring a bottle camping?
Dunhill Wallet Uses Biometrics to Protect Your Cash
hey yea I did just got to get my Hair done I'm ready :)
Featuring Healthy / Fitness Products the month of March! Have a product or service you want featured? Let us know!
just shot you an email!
Off to breakfast then too the farmers market. Gonna be a great day in NYC
dm I wonder if we could leverage you product and our efforts in Edu as a case study?
I as well. Hope to possibly see you down in San Diego sometime? :D
being a firefighter is like having another family, they love you, need you, and are there for you. THANK GOD FOR FIREFIGHTERS! <3
just for limited amounts of time. Otherwise I get cold wet feet. Luckily just a fine coat of snow here. Mild winter
Air Display is a vacationing developer's best friend. Not quite the huge monitor I'm used to at work, but it'll do just fine…
Thanks for the mention! RT : A big THANK U 2 new members who cameout last night!
The Asians at my school have a group called S.W.A.G. It means Something.We.Asians.Got. - wow, I wish I was Asian...
Bout 2 go 2 rest my 2girls want 2 sleep n the bed w/me so I mite not get much sleep!
" Be Wise, Be Kind, Be True.
RT : #Taurus is not intimidated by anyone.
"After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as wanting. It is not logical, but it is often true."
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is for a guy to be straight up with her from the very beginning. quit beating around bushes & playing games.
Looking for new DJs and fresh faces for June! Who and what would you like to see???
So nice out I'm going to bed after class
still got that SnapBack for you!
Miss my boo.. she's working hard brushing teeth. :P <3 u.
True ♥, Love's without judgement or the need to get revenge and is accepting of Everyone in whatever reality they may find themselves in.
Why not "edible pillows"??????
I've been sick a lot, and I've had a pretty shitty two months. I swear I've smoked 7 packs of menthols in 2 weeks.
where yal at?
Join us tonight for #YPNChat at 8 PM CDT with special guest
Learn more about the evolution of the 'Skin We're In" - www.stutzartspace.com/?p=286
I hear the X-Men and Avengers are going to clash in a mini-series coming out soon.
I don't know why I miss your volatility and craziness but my god, why aren't you here with me?
Triple overtime?!?
You don't miss a beat, do you Leslie? You are one busy PR lady!!
AMEN!! Sun is shin ing and its 71 and I cant wait to give you the biggest hug tomorrow. You look amazing BTW
My Dad with the quote of the night. "Caught in a cravate, huh? I hate when that happens."
great orgs helping the homeless
Go on my soundcloud and give me feedbackk if you has good taste!!
so what is everyone doing???
R your trax published?? Contact us
you guys rock and exemplify the ultimate level of customer service! thank you!!!
Investment in al-bawader from israeli Arabs, Jews, Palestinians, British, US investors. - Hazzan.
So Oakland and Boston lost today.. Hopefully one of my favorite teams will win tonight! RANGERS!!
Refuses to refund ticket monies for dying flyer. Charges $100 for a carry on. Spirit Airlines lacks the human spirit. Despicable.
Here comes the rain again. Falling on my head like a memory. Falling on my head like a new emotion.
The Crying of Lot 49 and Mr. Belding in the same episode of
*you're* whos the joke now
ah man... Jealous. Have a good time. bring some beer and those Colorado Blue Skies back
you could talk about your favorite music #YeahImLame or give some let-down girls some of your fantastic words of wisdom :)
#Np cupid shuffle
Tweet me anything that u liked on Twitter of the year 2011! RT!
*high fives* :)
of course. :)
Not good or bad...just exposure of what you've been thru.
Omg I wanna laugh so bad right now
It's so funny, but I truly believed that North Carolina was ready to join the 21st century.
Don't get this Greg Williams witch hunt! What is a NFL coach supposed to say "hm make sure you tackle him slowly!" it's a damn contact sport
last episode of 20khz ("hot ass beat clap") with Nate streaming now on WZBC!
probably cause she wasn't cute
Thanks for the follow! New PC coming into the house next week - will bring our old one by for you to recycle and donate.:)
Who will be my 100th follower?
I have died every day waiting for u darlin don't be afraid I have loved u for a thousanr years I'll love u for a thousand more :-)
Lol... keep grinding... u over there doing too much... lol
Thanks for the RT! :)
thanks. I'm a mochaccino fan myself.
The #woodford barrel is chosen. Should be bottled and at #mgmgrandlv within a few weeks. Next up? #jackdaniels barrel tomorrow morning!!
Pussy run everything fuck that noise!
I think I might have a cavity. I've NEVER had one before :(
Happy Mother's Day lovey!
been doing good just getting settled in to the new spot and you
After careful thought, I've decided someone w/ extremely chapped lips (think razors on the face) was so desperate they stole it
Clay Ctr is a great place.Enjoy!
hope you are enjoying the lecture!
Hey thanks for coming tonight!!!!!!! :)
Street Smart
Is it obvious that the #Knicks fans don't think to much of #Lebron?
your stream skips non-stop on iheartradio on both of my Droids, any help, hard to listen to your show anymore
I'm from - DM me if you're interested.
Its a vanity thing. I'm 59, last I checked.
Hurricane is out there, are u ready? We can help. www.vcassociates.org or 305-232-3344
cool, i want a big flashy hummer k?? lol ill chat with ya in a bit, candyland time
How many of Fake Nate's followers are at a Ky Derby party, watching on TV, AT the Derby, or don't care about the #KYDerby?
$200 ounces, every day! Top shelf strains included!
something something something. and something else. I never know what to tweet anymore... Buttholes.
Holy smokes, do I really only have the concluding chapter to do?! I think I'm going to try to sleep again before tackling it.
BITCH BETTER HAVE MY HONEY!
Yum! I'm on my way to get breakfast as well (to the CVS for precisely the same stuff). Ugh.
#customerservice The customer is always right, right?
Do you have any plans to volunteer this weekend? Tell us about them!
We need Stelena, who's stelena?
This 2 great people on Twitter & SO GO FOLLOW THEM RIGHT NOW, GONNA BE IN MY MAHONESCARPBOOK, IM CHECKING!!
Thank you for the fantastic follow suggestions! Starting one heckuva list thanks to you.
for a late lunch. Love the veggie!
Evidently, we are still leaning and rocking with it.
“If you want your business lasting, build it based on friendship.”
RT-Is it ever too early to start drinking? - Na not for and Oakland boss
Thanks for coming out to the Huey LongNeck Historic Pub Crawl last night! We look forward to your upcoming story.
We love our #vegas locals and on Thursdays you will always get into for FREE!!
Everyone is entitled to an opinion in America but is a fucking dumbass for trying to equate & America together
Thank you!!<3
This looks pretty interesting. Any idea about the coverage of small or tiny businesses in this dataset?
Holy crap having kiss in your user name's the worst! Think that's why I get spammers. The latest 1 had a gross pic. Good thing I <3 my job.
hope u have a great morning! I can remember my dreams for about 10 mins when I wake up, then gone!
(: heaven tell me how to make a change<3
aw I really hope that works out for you.
do you have kids sizes, available at stadium?
may i ask whats going on in the event?
My twitter is being hacked btw :( just so you guys know
Will Alley's materials from today on STEM slide design be posted anywhere?
HAPPY SOCIAL MEDIA DAY! Celebrate with us tonight 5PM!!!
OMG!! havent been on here in forever!! i lost most of my followers :/ anyone wanna help me get them back??
Thanks for the follow - right back at ya!
why did you cut out your toes ? I wanna see them pretty little thangs !
sounds like fun!
Salem preparing for tomorrow night's Temporary Services lecture at University of Maine.
This Just in: When Romney was 2yrs old, he drew on his parents' walls with crayons!!! Alert your friends and neighbors!!
have you used tweepi
nice. Yeah I go to about 10-12 a year now
Tonight: Internationally acclaimed Richard Zeller's Recital, Theater Art's Mountain Language/Zoo Story, and White Bird: Oslund. Call 4 info!
6:00 pm still work for you?
Had a productive day of #writing and submitting work today.
After writing the script you should be able to visualize the finished video. Changing the script is easier than changing video.
"Love's went to Hell, and so have i."
Thanks for the congrats! Sounds like you have a cool car too... love to see pics!
I have zero patience
Thanks! Y'all are awesome.
Dear blueberry donut, how I love you so. Thank you for being my friend to the end. You made me so happy this morning. Love, Me.
's about to perform in my city and i'm at home. i would quote white girl problems but i'm asian
hahaha!!! Yes we should put espn stuff on our page
": Talking Heads - Psycho Killer - another classic track on OGWT BBC4 'I'm a real live wire'" Another gr8 way 2 end a Friday!
The thought of that scares me, aggravates me, and hurts me. If its true. That's the end of it. Can't let that go.
:D You never know....it could happen
RT if your Online And A Mahomie & Acon. -Ally
Hahahaha. OMG. This killed me dead. Just don't actually follow through on this hashtag
yeah, I was thinking SAC or Palo Alto. Don't take it there. The teacher was my teacher and she was ridiculous. Always late
#questionsthatdontgetanswers Why haven't you answered my calls?
