I must say your class was the bomb today! Now i know how get fighters to be champions
Gordo misplaced his beret, so he's wearing his toque. Good enough, right? Enjoy your #BastilleDay cruise!
you got it bffl ;) that's how we roll!!
Don't hate me!
Thanks for the mention - it was a great article for you to have included!
Past by some highschool students. Dude told a girl, that's why u can't dance. She replied that's why ur tiny. Idk, I say he lost that one
That gets an amen. RT : How can we listen to a bunch of celibate men tell us about our bodies?
Thanks for the #FF mention today with such awesome #Jax folks. Honored.
I hear it's lovely this time of year.
Costa Cruises Holiday Sale up to $100 onboard credit! "Tis the Season for sailing with Costa! Kids sail from $199 Caribbean! 800-803-7245!
After midnight, all conversations lead to sexual topics.
Hope all you Shasticians had an awesome #Sunday #brunch somewhere delicious in the #SFBayArea! Enjoy the sunshine, catch sum live music!
Miner number two up and safe!!!!!!!
I think you just found Ryan Murphy's next project
please wear your all black uniforms Sunday! They look tuff!
Happy Birthday !
All I ask the lord for was for better days
#YouHadMeAt "would you like fries with that?"
Still thinkin about u
Don't worry, I made it to Orlando. Barely. #cheatingdeath cc:
RT : Great contest: RT : Win A Trace of Smoke, A Night of Long Knives, and A Game of Lies!...
Let my European adventures begin. 2 countries, 10 days, and my sinuses are acting up.
agree. never abandon, but brands need to forge deeper. Push/Pull vs Push focus...
R.I.P Whitney Houston yuu will be missed
This guy next to me is counting money like he just robbed a bank 💰
QUESTION OF THE DAY? If your boyfriend/girlfriend cheated on you, would you want to know about it?
Renember the Zoey101 theme song? I do...💜
I thought the Italian was told Heidi no more animals...5 dogs and a blonde gorilla is enough
As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster......... Oh wait, that's not me. That's from Goodfellas.
I wasn't impressed w/ Black in America series but I'm giving #BeyondTrayvon a chance. I hope does better this time.
hahaha cranky old white man... i feel like i'm 80... like a man who's lived life, ready to judge the world
Whole gamut of Social Sciences - The Hindu
I am getting NO email today #yahoo I am in TN. Getting old...
LUCIANA performing LIVE at WET NIGHTCLUB this SATURDAY performing her hit song I LIKE THAT call SARAH at 915-449-2066 for info or VIP
thanks! we think so too!
had such a great time on fri nite. Thanks for letting me tag along. I need you contact info. DM?
#writers, what are some of your #favoritewords? I want to know!
So nicee to see the family and !! :)
You lil orangutan :p
In Pension Cmte, lots of visitors to hear what the Mayor has to say about his plan for fixing the municipal fund.
#10confessions 2. I love to sing
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 1
u wearing 91 for the ravens ?
that's my girl
Huge congratulations to on adding to her list of Social Media clients! Way to go!
had to eat at Olive Garden and had to have his chin glued back together (??). So much bad news for my friends ...
How do you react to the #Google+ redesign?
... the fact that if you work until after 3:30 you can't get one during the week.... And people wonder why my shit is always expired.
my problem is you sir.
have fun at the farmers market and BBQ!
I've given one talk and led two hack sessions on the projector so far. So much fun!
Make me your radio, and turn me up when you feel low, this melody was meant for you, just sing along to my stereo
This heat is killing me  -.-
Sometimes I want to sing "Colors of the Wind" to ignorant people.
let me know when you are free during Christmas break and we can do lunch or something. Maybe even invite :)
Catching up on #familyguy on they are really pushing their plus membership, any1 recommend it
lets be swanky and eat dinner in d-town!
I collect cats.
Let's go Make Canadians proud. Support them
it's all good. I give my girl props. I wonder who taught her how to hit 😜. Don't forget Max hit a couple
i love your piece! thanks for sharing it with me! i love the rest of your blog also :)
Hey, ! Did you steal my hideout, or did I steal yours?
Hogs play S Carolina tomorrow at 1 Hogs going for the series win Go Hogs Go!!
New years with and !!
My #SeniorShift is mostly Funk and Old School
Im cuddling with my mf pillow Fuck A Bitch ! lol
There is no safety in solitude, only solidarity - Katie Harman
This week I've learned a lot about reacting to newness.
“If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character...Would you slow down? Or speed up?”
Happy Halloween, everybody. JAMS is definitely the house giving away full size candy bars. No mini-toothpaste/ mini-toothbrushes here. Haha.
are thinking about 2012 show plans...can't wait 2 get sum new tunes 2 ya!
“: Lol u b forgettin about me doe.. RT : “: Whoadie b acting do fake to me smh (cont) http:// U Up Top?
Want to B inspired by a kid? We're walking with www.zachtracker.com he' walking across the counrty...almost done! RT!
we may have some screenprinting needs in the near future. Keep following. Thanks
I'll keep it simple.
I wonder if gamers are more or less likely to have played the Mega Millions than the general public. Probably no one's done a poll on this.
I can't wait to get more songs recorded. The full length is gonna blow minds.
thanks and #FF back!
Once fear, procrastination- held me back- well I�ve now put them to one side
Hey, sister, follow me so I can send you a DM.
Just talked to on the phone until 3 a.m. ! problem considering I have to be up early for a show tomorrow, Night Twitter;)
What famous living person would you want to meet for drinks?
You're most welcome! I hope so, too! :)
Thanks for the love! RT: BBQ lovers Coop's is awesome it's in Lemon Grove and they have excellent reviews on yelp.
Arguing with dad... not fun...
I'm awesome thx for asking ;-)
Tonight Birthday Party at The Federal 5303 Lankershim Blvd North Hollywood 91601 red carpet starts at 10pm all industry free!
I'm hoping for iPad 2S
I had a dream that Beyonce sacrificed Kelly Rowland and Kelly died. That was some dream.
Del mar fair, club m, Humphrey concerts, Sunday la jolly cove. Thursday la mesa car classic-SD June fun.
its leebbbbaaaahh baby ...
Lol - I had to ! Its been like 6months o.O
Video Streaming Outside The Firewall Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to 2018
I will be having 2 today buahahaha
Yea I know I thought it was just them until I talked to them
Cant wait..!! My group opens for May 26th at The Rave in Milwaukee,WI Yeah Buddy..!!
You will never be alone with me there!<3
thanks. not.
I just tweeted.
really? Twin pups!
then your uhh other cat has a big head:p
Today's Declaration: I deserve to be rich because I add value to other people's lives.
A tie between Tottoro and Kiki.
Nothing wrong with liking both teams and loving that #LAisTheBasketballGauntlet right now.
Don't forget to #vote team
Tf, Broke Ass Iron..!
I'm hoping if I do tons of yoga that I'll get the same results as working out w/o having to lift anything heavy or run
when the person you like tells you, "don't worry you'll find the right guys someday." <<<<<
What are you doing up there?
haha so true! see you tonight!
Is covered in metal shavings and grime all in the name of cool design...
what a great night at good old pump it up....
Follow your boy!!! #SS3 is on repeat for the day. #motivation then hitting the booth
I finally have somebody to talk to that's gone through the same thing with our parents.
I'm down!!! Lol sean aint here ima call matt!
kiss me like you miss me, fuck me like you hate meAnd when you’re fucking someone else just fuck her like she ain't me
Just dropped The Reign Is Over go visit www.thorobreadentertainment.com and git ur free copy
Preparing for my beauty segment tomorrow morning at 9am of Fox 35. Tune in to see part 2 of my Summer Skin Series. Excited!
Sitting around thinking about my doggy.
Now your all i think about while im laying in the dark...
Bard no-hitter gone in 2nd. Might as well go home.
RT yes! Memorial Hermann does it again! #houston hospital live tweeting brain surgery Follow or #MHbrain via
Atty for former SD cop accused of assaulting women says some alleged victims "enhanced" their stories and hoped to make $$ by suing city.
Roasting is an art and a science. . . Learn more at our Dinner this Wednesday ft a 4 course coffee dinner!
NYC here we come! Leaving at 0430 for the Big Apple! :)
Truth. RT : It's ok, because in 3 days it will be 90 degrees, then next week it will start snowing
Oh yeah EPIC Rangers gonna look slow tonight 4-1 DEVILS
Just found a nerdy NEA job in DC that I would love to have. Hm, wonder if they'd let me work from Indy? Mama'd rather stay here for now.
yeah i gotchaa
I am:) Ill play yours in a bit lol,I have a lot of requests
repealing DADT is way different than the legalization of homosexual marriages and he openly said he was against that in 2008
Just met the fantastic Wish you all the best in your climb up the charts!
what game was she watching??? Did she miss the 6 weak offensive fouls on vandy? (no offense to the misses)...
If you like Korn I love you
Hmm, really?: RT : In all of our relationships, we can only give what we have.
Welcome 2 the team!!!:-)
Good to see you're still alive; Happy Birthday! I think it's baby time!
I caught that as well. Not a good quote for UK.
actually BOTH sound good to me ! Am buying a microwave chip maker from #PamperedChef ! Let's see how it does !
lmao its like that
lol we need to go talk to them
ill always support you no matter what kay? you should look at your DMs sometimes too :) love you <21
. If you write it, Laurel, you could bring in Baxter and call it MOON'S OVER MY HAMMY.
you're such an inspiration & you can hear the emotion in #skyscraper I love it! <3
haha no. It was so weird! I woke up and looked outside to see a raccoon on our patio I'm like okay? It was so cute though!
surely serious. Just a question of logistics. Could chase drive if you gave him gas money?
Maybe an INCREDIBLY close tight shot and zoom out to what it really is ...
We only DIDN'T stay there because we got a family discount at the Marriott at the time.
Get your genetically modified vegetables at your nearest
Ahh I would have loved to see you doing the Alexa dance! I miss you and I wish you were in all my piccies with me :)
Man! I cant do anything right. Im so useless im sorry im sorry i made you sad ugh im stupid <WeMissAustin!>
Help support me and yourself by signing up for free at OneFreeAd.com! Thanks guys! :)
Time to get some burgers and pbr. AMURRRRRRRRRRICA
Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift were the big winners at the 2011 Teen Choice awards, taking home five and six wins, respectively.
uh huh? U still owe me dat cookie. Or do u want 1 (wink). Lolz!
RT : Feelin bad for taj boyd. They lost and now everybody hates on him #smh #bandwagon<..losing again now...lmao...
That would be great, wonder if some might know what it is? We all hope to see you and Erin soon. Cheers!
Tests done....Christmas Party here me and David Come! I can't wait!! :)
I bet all the folks in this video was full of the loud, bars, and powder..
I'd be naming every chain in Austin if I was there. In reality if already have tickets though. Chipotle?
Winner RT : I like olives, especially when they're soaked in vodka with just a touch of vermouth.
Thanks and Credit on video goes to
I hope so!!! Been waiting long time :D
awesome dude.. GL!
What is going on with Spain?! They just can't seem to connect the final pass!
Don’t like it when the smell of someone’s hair product is so overpowering it becomes their actual fragrance.
Lets keep it going!!
you said your getting a new 1 tomorrow
Big Time Moms :)
Brompton Dock cycle hire arrives in Manchester
oh please! Lol
I love Miami
I'm glad there's not really any hate lovatics/selenators are talking about is in my timeline. Keep the peace.
Who else LOVES Center Stage? RT : Thank you! You have been keeping busy too I see! –ZS
My student The amazing Miss Eileen Garrido, age 13, will be singing in D.C. For the 2012 Gala #LarryKingCardiacFoundation!
Giving a shot of the last rehearsal session for the Unnamed song before going on air this Sunday!
should pick off waivers #LakerDarell???
you're my new favorite stranger.
Oxy Mo: Loose tights
i am so possessive of things when i know i only have a small amount of time with it/them
Don't get me wrong. I am glad more people are focusing on our schools.The city, county, state and federal govt in S Diego should collaborate
Listening to #Rush explain why corporations are people reminds me how stupid and gullible he must think his listeners must be.
Maybe $5, but have to believe still looking at other options like Furcal, Carroll, others right?
I really think no 1 is listening 2 dis guy speech
I need some nyquil or some sleep pills or Somethin I can't sleep for shit
Just Found Out KMSL Stands For Kill Myself Laughinq I Feel So Fuckn Slow !
Just registered for 1st southern bjj gi open saturday April 28th who else is coming? Weekend in Brighton with GDR London oussu!
i got yelled at for giving someone a hug??!?!?!??
knew it.
I am tuning into on tonight to see my girl I hope her assistant didn't mess anything up! :)
#Chiefs Rookie Camp. Martin Rucker is definitely built up to the size he needs to make it in the nfl. Hope he gets an offer.
ah amazing ah ah amazing!
Crazy blessed. So much love for my people right now.
then you adopted him? Sounds similar 2 usual? same theme? Mine's nothing like that, just a load of crap regarding recent stuff
Crazy day!!! Listed 2 new properties. Will send links later. Office space (6,000sf) and retail space (5,760sf).
me and are twins born 4 years apart basically
Some days I REALLY hate #Silverpop. Really.
#schoolmemories walking into 6th period after the bell rings with since first day of school! aww im gonna miss that :\
that is the stupidest thing iv ever seen in my life
The Lonesome West opens tomorrow night! Fantastic audience response during previews... Come check us out! W.ruskingrouptheatre.com
we both wor a costume but i don't wanna put up mine lol..
THANKS TO YOU VERY MUCH!
lets win together son I'm your real father
By the time the second season comes
On the 3rd day of Christmas my Favorite piercing shop gave to me........ 30% off all stone plugs! (offer valid today only)
it's going to be a week of combatives immersion! Nothing but a solid week of fight training, conditioning and working out!:D
If you haven't been to yet, A] you're missing out, and B] it's today's Groupon! Go, buy, now!
those kitty cats :-)
oh wow!
tonight. nickleby's lounge in #akron. be there. #freedrink on me with a retweet.
We are THREE followers away from hitting 100! Thanks everyone for the support! We appreciate ALL of you! #HappyFriday :)
You like? There will be more. Different shapes, sizes and colors. Just junk wire and old metal plaster lath.
is the happiness coming out you like lava?
Thanks! Considering starting to home brew and wondering if I should grow my own hops....and what kind.
Gym time! #Coachella pool party motivation
thanks so much :)
Presentation on the history of Morgan Park and Wilson Park by Dale Green from Morgan State.
Are ya'll having a birthday celebration for GlamBar this year??
Sen is one of my heroes. Did grad school in the midst of the rational expectations "rev"----macro a mess. Micro makes sense.
FUN FACT: Spain has the highest number of bars, restaurants and coffee shops, in the European Union, more exactly 344.426!!
You guys are the reason why i never want to be home.
Thanks! RT love your blog!! what a great idea to revamp a wardrobe!! definitely something we'd recommend!
i rang the door bell as well nugga
tell me more about Provenge and your concern and stuff? Prayers are yours.
Never say never on mtv... The tears 
Good morning love
Me and ! Please and Thank you! Would Love to go!!!
Yesterday I was lied to by someone I thought that loved me. What should I do?
oh. I missed an "and" before the "which." William Carlos William didnt write a misplaced modifier like that.
#YouKnowShesTheOne when you cry when she left you cause you cheated on her... cherish her dude
We would love to hang. Next time for sure! Keep voting and next time will be soon :)
if lovin' you is wrong, then it must be wrong.
Yeah, people are going to start to wonder...
I'm sexy and I know it.
Walking, walking, walking...hoping to meet my baby boy soon! Hopefully this walking will help!
RT Excited about the introduction of the Journal of Digital Humanities
Is that we call a "night cap?"
babiez! i love babiez! i am excited you are having one!!! when are they due?
RT : Hearing that when they examined Mariano Rivera's knee, they discovered that its contents are 42 years old.
Order sent to Whitney in FL!
just woke up again xD sorry I didn't reply, I was working last night
amen RT: "Gods grace is the only reason u are what u are today. Be quick to ascribe glory 2 Him & not yourself."
It would be friggin AMAZiNG if did a show in Port St Lucie Florida!!!!!! xD Iloveyou!!! <333
you should get a bunch of shirts that say #SwaggLife So You Wont Have To Say Them As Much As You Do And People Will Just no.
Buenos DDias, Chicago! It's Cinco de Mayo & we've got new SW Veggie & SW Steak Burritos to celebrate!
#pokertips Know when you should fold.
Someone mention me or something because this makes me really upset.
I told Jordan that Katelyn was the luckiest person in the world and he laughed and said thank you.
Thanks! We're all good over here. Anxious to get well and get home.
Good point. Glad the Grammys graced us with some actual talent tonight and it wasn't all slop. And RIP Whitney :(
Mucho love RT : don't go boo :( come back soon ❤
happy easter evryone .. up gttn dressed :)
HA! No. That's what happens when I tweet at work and I try not to be noticed.
Aw! I want one! Too sweet!
Diamond you're an amazing friend!!!! - Cecilia ()
Happy Monday! Calling our guests for free classes at L. A. Acting tomorrow. Wanna come?
Oh my god, Brienne is perfect. So much emotion. So sad.
?; how about you how are things working out for you
building relationships until the end; yes sir!
River Walk Park in West Sacramento Swabbies Taco Trailer lunch and Dinner, live music with the Fortunate Few. Music starts at 6pm
Now it looks like I won't get to the #PCTBB until almost 2:30. Oops.
unfortunately i have swallowed too many of those damn pills in my life!
Possibly just "desperate."
Well you ladies obviously have some emotional issues to work out.
Can me and Peyton please just get married already? He is pure perfection
Its better to lose a lover, than love a loser
When is Justin Bieber going to stop looking like a 12 year old girl?
How have you been? Ready for Tebow?????
It truly is a good.morning now!
Nick clearly won the last 2 weeks of the year. RT : RT : . launched December 13. Shoulda been eligible.
My school would be better if would come & do a concert . Greenwood lakes middle school in Lakemary Florida . <3
awesome!! Enjoy the show tonight!
they jumped all over me cause I told them not to hate on Ariana and now there making fun of me, so I changed my account 4 n
I'm sure the spin on evolution varies by community. My kids seem to have learned about it, but... I might double-check their books.
I'm so damn hungry, I'm about to go rape the dollar menu at McDonald's.
Cheating Math: If 10 women slept with Tiger Woods, ratio of cheating-women-to-cheating-men in the Woods scandal: 10-to-1.
uhh Moran or something i think
So proud of one of my new clients: 3 weeks ago she couldn't do a pushup. Tonight she did up to 3 in a row w/o rest & eventually completed 24
Thanks for the pre #winterclassic #Olympic montage which made me tear up! Oye
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 37
Let me know when ass day is...
In Atlantic City making three presentations at an OSHA/ VPP conference: OSHA's HazCom Standard, Global Harmonization and Record Keeping
the bludot sale is coming soon! just a few days away.
Tonight. 12:30 a.m. Me: Craig Ferguson. CBS. Late Late Show. You: Watch? DVR?
after 10 hr day today and a 9 hour day tomorrow, alcohol is an absolute certainty.
Great food $155, 2 dozen roses $60, a valentines day card $5.50, great company with the woman I love priceless. Happy anniversary
It was a QT night -Kisses
Bonus points! RT : aw you used 'Natitude' in a sentence!
please follow me your so beautiful and talented :)
hope you are doing great! Let other alums know we are on Twitter now!
Its about time.
No! To meet Austin is my biggest dream but it will be never come true.. :( ..'cause I'm from Bosnia...
I txt you all the time…. their towers must be down quite often ;)
being sick is so not fashionable. :-( sniff sniff...
La liga Mexicana finals are on. Monterey vs Santos. Who you rooting for?
This was last sunday Having brunch at the waterfront hotel in Fells Point. Extra bacon please! Thank you! twitpic.com/5yumzn
srsly, can you come to Tampa Florida? We miss FTSK so much down here:(
But I do agree u need to step up and be there for the kids.
": #Penelope: you humped Mikey because you love him :) lmao" lmfao omg yolo ~
Use #xeroxdrupa in your tweets & see if you can get onto our live Xerox Social Media wall at #drupa hall 8b
Today Was Regular
Thank you for acknowledging the new brand, Jeremiah!
leaving for D.C. Tomorrow!!!can wait To see Virginia and DC with my bestie!only flaw I have to wake up at 1am and be at school by 3.30am-.-
Yes girl! So great Luv u tons RT : so good seeing you today mama...Crazy word.. Glad to have gotten fed with you :)
That one person who lets me call them and sing Kesha songs to them at one in the morning ..>>> 😊💜
Getting your business listed on free sites is so important for visibility listed on 7/28, but we're not up yet !!!
RE: A.Ailey class: You're so lucky to live near the studio! I'd love to take a class there...
..Im seeing some tweets that suggest you need some special prayer in your life right now. #UCanCountOnMe. Xo
thank you, I intend to!!!! Xo J
Emily, would you be interested in an interview with the directors of the new "Octomom" movie, ?
Watching the Pirates of Penzance w/ my 10yo. The Major General song comes on. She looks up at me adoringly & tells me go ahead, sing along.
Thanks! Looks good...I think. My taste for Mexican food isn't very refined, but I'm looking forward to trying this place.
": Just had a productive lunch time meeting w/ #bigthangspoppin.."<--Girls on a Mission!!!
Off To My Doctors Appointment.
not now but in a little while. I have to go to a baseball game
Good Morning! Once again, I am up way too early on this Saturday. What does today have in store for you?
tony! thanks dude! thanks for watching! shout out to
I checked and replied.
He looks just like you.
Enjoy! Sounds awesome
What Peyton does with Broncos squad will show how valuable Tebow was to team. Lots of pressure...anything less than SB champs total failure.
#NEWYORK #MIAMI #CALIFORNIA #FOOTBALL #BASKETBALL FOLLOW THIS GUY RIGHT HERE ---->
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in San Diego!
Nielsen: Majority of younger Americans have a smartphone Talk about a generational divide. While only 43 percent of all Americans with wi
who wants to tweet me???im all yours!~
havn't heard from you in foreva :(
thank ya sweets! ;)
:O omg hurry up and bring it for me!!!!!!
I see way too many articles online about designing a portfolio and none on coming up with projects to put in your portfolio. Ideas?
I cede the remainder of my time to the member from Newton.
Inspired to be in a room with so many #Oregon #edreform leaders at The Children's Institute lunch!
I have not taken any LDS trainings yet. It's good to absorb as much info as you can.
lol yeah... MUFFINS!!!!
Wish I was at #relayforlife at EK tonight. I'm there in my heart guys.
Yeah I totally agree. Narron would be a big draw for him. But money would be real high. Would assure Greinke leaves.
Love is problematic when you feel like a fanatic of a person that you barely know. <3
we have had a lot of requests for a mobile app. working on it currently. are you looking for dashboard?
Very cool, glad you like!
I'm an American and I support a public option for health care.
wishes to celtics guard marquis daniels for a fast recovery
Ok, I just put up the special deal for MOMS Facebook fans. Who remembers what it was from the last sale? And where do you find it?
The news deppreses me T.T all I hear is death and rape and death #ShutTheFuckUp!
What would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail?
immensity of mystery
Up gettin ready for graduation.im so sleepy =(.
Thank you as well! We look forward to tweeting with you.
RT : Reports are that a basket/box was attached to balloon... but obviously it wasn't there when the balloon landed.
i smell playoff Bubba kuchar lee phil
hmm, was this for teaching or a conference?
Epic Thursdays with ChiIL Productions
it shouldn't be this difficult. but it is everytime.
Thank you for allowing us to film at ur bookstore for our upcoming episode featuring "Kicked Out".
Share with us what Lighthouse Network Means to you. How it has been a blessing to you, and where your located?
Don't break my heart.... Please don't, Its been through enough
agreed. Sam and I are having one tonight but it won't be the same without you guys! :(
love how you can just check your TL to see whts happening about the football.
I'm just a Lil cannibal with a taste for sluty boys
Great book!
Daichi means big one and daini means big two, for those keeping track.
Spent some of the day with decendents of The Sound of Music family. Wonderful people and very talented. Follow them!
Steady snow ends in valley between 2-3am. After that we're back to scattered snow showers. Have a great night!
And then Omar came back in Ep. 3
Sweat pants, hair tied; chillin' with no makeup on. that's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong. - DRAKE. <3 <3
Happy Birthday to me!!!
YES. RT : They should make a show called "Where Are They Now: Maury Paternity Test Babies
oh yeah. I want to volunteer to wash dishes or something.
I still don't have a problem with you. Just don't speak to me/about me.
gunna take a nap tired
Just a heads up... I'm looking for a part-time editing position, if anyone knows of anything. Thanks. :)
. Jealousy is also like self inflicted blindness were you only see the other person's blessings and not able to see yours
Haha, this "Out of Kentucky Kitchens" cookbook from 1949 has a "Note about Gourmet Powder" at the beginning. Gourmet Powder = MSG.
I think I have a disease it's called slowlyturningintobillmurrayitis #butnotreally #imnotthatcool lockedoutwithmylaundryfml
Like really, REALLY good.
I'm getting so old. I can't remember half the shit I said I was going to remember, and my post-it notes are cryptic.
the only place to go IS ALL THE WAY
I love that you're reading Mark Cuban's blog. And he's so right.
Haha lmfao you are so dirty
My work softball league is now following me. I guess I really AM as big a deal as I think I am.
Oh what to do. What to do. Back to work in the morning.
Caro! I didn't know you were graduating today. CONGRATS!
hm... can't help there. sorry. gobble. gobble.
Who do you have winning the OKC/Laker series? Stake your claim now. Respond with
shoulda heard him when he announced the whole Miami Atlanta game a while back it was hilarious.
I hope my oldest son take me to see Mike Epps on Mother 's Day. It will be a good mother day gift.
Haha its the song from my special shirt xD
wow that is quite a list! DC needs this! The reverse VC pitch sounds interesting.
Listening to bonds .
#ISFF2010 - Hope the future brings visible videos!
#reasonswedontalkanymore you became a fake ass d-bag
I cut up habanero chilies earlier, now it feels like my fingers are on fire. I didn't know they were serious when they said to use gloves...
"May the fourth be with you!" a Catholic response, "....And with your spirit!"
I bet you could have learned a thing or two from ;) Believe it or not, CB is actually a huge fan of hip hop.
There's just so much you can do or take until you reach the point that your done
So welcome. I love good writing. I suck at it. Should have paid more attention in class.
Beautiful day in San Diego! Summer is on its way! :)
I'm about to fucking flip, I'm so pissed.
Yayayayay finally saved
it's about time
Workshopped with the very impressive Michael Testa. Challenging cold reads and rich feedback. Thanks, Michael!
Hahaha i know! I think i waited it out for almost two years :/
Someone's tragedy today can very well be your reality tomorrow
nice, now we know why he pulled over and had an amazingly fast lap...
These are the plans He made. Why do I keep doubting the minor details? I just gotta trust and have some faith...
#goodmorning Shaun :)) hope you have an amazing day! Text me today :)
#ICantStandPeolpe who are extremely nosy ...
haha :) You know where it is?
Check out the faggot in the skin tight shirt.
Keep us posted! :)
Madison County or Mother's Day (remake) tonight?
Umm that's up to you whatever is easier either one works for me(:
Music touches us emotionally, where words alone can't. -Johnny Depp
Real test for 4-0-0 comes next Sat vs. on ESPN at LSP. Game of the weekend with all respect to Rocky Mountain Cup.
oh, youch! Good luck at the podiatrist's!
Gotta keep pushing, gotta find the things worth living for
No! I love Philly P, but no. And Randy says that every week about something, lol.
i think I found a new car today.... 2009 Ford Focus.
I think most people tweet off their phones...📱
Yes it is.
will be giving away #FreeFuel5000 decals signed by #NASCAR drivers - & today!
Wednesday alerady? We'll take it! Happy #humpday everybody! Team #Bartab getting it done!
I entered so wish me luck! I could use some good luck lately. ;-)
RT : Today is #thirdwednesday! Eat delicious food and/or today and support at the same time!”
did u meet her on 106 & park?
Is this real life?
cool article, ill be looking forward to the ones that follow.
I'm certain that living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween.
printing to polka!!!
come on now lol, can't nobody bother me bout that no way haha
what do I need to nurture my process and turn my dreams into reality. 4 your 214 tweets
All jobs our age involve people, sadly :L Just be a gentleman lorl
Played with some great EQs about power when students read Roll of Thunder #sschat (Must find them!)
I get that it's only the NIT, but you have to be excited for next year after this run.
What's in eight ball? ": I'm wide awake like I just sniffed a eight ball. (have & never will try white)"
I hear you're riding around and getting it right now. Congrats!
LibGuides interface drives me mad! But I have used them for spec coll purposes. Happy to share.
hey monica! congratulations!
They're ads (a substantial part of how twitter pays for itself). You can block individual advertisers if you don't like them.
i love him way too much. is it to much to ask if i could mend your broken heart.
I feel your pain.
Thank you!♥
Webinar Social Advertising. Excellent focus on Sponsored Stories on Facebook.
lmao same thing happened to me on Milwaukee St and I had a thong on haha
oh no. hope you feel better soon and can get some rest.
Live by the tweets Die by the tweets
LAST NIGHT WAS SO MUCH FUN! I miss you, let's hang out soon! <3
Ugh! I agree! Almost as bad as the tea tree and chocolate I encountered yesterday! Coffee and eucalyptus.
RT : how long did it take the bring Trayvon's killer into custody? If socmedia wasn't on it, it probably never would've happened.
this class is called Information Literacy; it's supposed to be for general knowledge of tech/web; the gifs part was a bit much
Definitely! Email?RT : we've recently heard about your parlor series! we would love to do a little article about it! have time?
NSU, keep the ball. 10 seconds left. Nice shot by Missouri
Thanks for the #INAIDSWalk donation suggestion to your followers!
oh there's no show. He's just gonna be in Baltimore.
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today, 11/3/11 from 6pm-8:30pm at UCLA’s Ackerman Grand Ballroom
I guess I'm glad I got all that out first.
Putting this out there: I love licking clit as much as sucking pole. But getting fucked it better than fingered, any day of the week.
Anyone dining out in Madison this weekend? Share with us by using #savorsouthmad! We'd love to hear about your experiences!
Since im like 5'10 these dudes tell me im not gone grow alot anymore , when i get 6 inches taller imma put my nuts in their face .
Very classy.
got it! Thanks pops!
Daytona traffic today is soo snobby. These old folk just arent amused by my lavish hand gestures and smirky toothy grins.
I'm calling this game what it is: Thunder shot the lights out.
SHUT UP! I always forget it's Ron Gant I got pissed @ for crashing his motorcycle, not Otis.
Hanging out with my dad today. Haven't done that in a long time.
So close to finishing Paramedic school, i can taste it... :) Nervous as much as i am excited...
God Bless and enjoy the holiday Dre!!
about to come over to wax that ass in NHL
Please Support my friend and fan :) he's a positive motivated cool guy! Hit him up ladies!
pointy boots
That's what we strive for. :) Keep in touch! RT : Feeling nostalgia. So many amazing memories during my 5-years here.
this breaks my heart.
#BitchISmellFabulous all I need is deodorant
its only monday and i'm already hoping youve given up on this week. whenever youre feelin down, stay down cuz youre a bitch.
GREAT! Taking the baby back to Exeter. C U this week or homecoming? I love reading your articles. I talk about U often.
Um....linkage!
I think I'll go to bed now
This weekend, Seven Stories Press will be at the NYC Anarchist Bookfair! Stop by, say hi, and pick up a book by Chomsky or Zinn!
your far :( I'm in 112
I would come...if you invited me since my parents ditched me!
Prepping Gaslamp condo for another monthly rental today...sure will miss my urban vacation rental!
Thanks, Paul!!
i ♥ Notehall.com
Thanks for kind wishes. Mainly I am learning about what awaits us if we're lucky: old age, hearing aids, Polident, push walkers
yeah I saw that. How was the premiere? How'd ya get tix??
ehhh only thing out here worth a delivery is usually pizza. Usually tip around $5.
since when did she have a twitter?!
Youcan peep it on iTunes, Napster, or Amazon.. the CD is called The Progression
digital photo manipulations, artwork, retouching, designs, photoshoots, and more we are the go to guys!
If I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go
Our Participation in Tex Trends 2012--video 2 - sarongs for women
"The quality of your life is the quality of your relationships."
I love you :)
Caught the Girl with the Dragon Tatoo last night. The credits alone deserve an academy award. Spellbinding thriller. Bravo David Fincher.
your new tattoo is cute. :3
doees anyone make stickers? get at us if you know anyone that does!
So excited for you, Michael!
Used to not be allowed In the building, but now we on the rooftops.
just geting up bout to head to greenville
Justin Biebers birthday tomorrow!!!!!! :)
Thanks so much! Happy to be here.
I wish! I am more just dreaming while looking at the snow!
Laughing by yourself... The best(x
Thomas Vrabec, on Craig St. He's fabulous, but close to retirement - don't know if he's taking new patients. DMing you his
Congratulations to the most improved golfers of 2011... Ladies: Debbie Banas, Ladies (9 hole): Jan Marrs and Men: Blake Young! Way to go!
If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all. - QM
PROSECUTION: Def bound victim's wife, laid in wait for victim, fired four shots at him. Three shots missed, fourth his the victim in abdomen
do you think today is dusty last dayas the manager if the reds lose today or just the hitting coach?
was watching "Jeopardy" tonight and there were three gingers on the Teen Tournament. All bright and they were surprisingly pleasant.
I'll be here in pieces, When you finally pull the pin, And blow me away again Tie me down and fuck me up tonight.
Got everything done... Except homework lawlzlawlzlawlzlawlz
Your welcome!
I think you fail to realize that NO ONE CARES.
Yum! Can't wait to have one soon! cc
can u help me become an actor im real good
love it!
A4: Yes, you can – here are some ideas: Identify advocates who can speak on your behalf.
I want #phillies fans to follow!
RT : u need science class. Santorumdead on. have 2 save my energy to fight this blasted cancer
I wonder if you can tell how bad im hurting.:/
Pack what u think u need and take out 1/2! RT Just had a webinar with peeps. They haven't packed yet either.
Good morning world. Two days of reality before back to more chaos: moving! Looking forward to July to catch up on some things and rest! ;)
Dean of Humanities at UC Santa Cruz asks: when and how did we decide that job training is all there is?
Finished fiction inventory. So many "lost" books...sigh:( Why can't they lose my out of date nonfiction stuff? :)
- Yesterday Maria Pallante admitted U.S Copyright Office can't say how one is *supposed* to register e.g. a blog.
MT : NETWORKING TIP: Instead of being afraid to start conversation, how you are going to help other ppl feel more comfortable.
So is nurturing collaborative culture;a potential negative consequence to autonomy is isolation.We just have to balance
I think it's about time to bust out some long-sleeve polo shirts.
The only thing that ever sat it way to success is a hen. ~Sarah Brown
#AskAlexConstancio coolest thing you can do?
RT "Your Art Disgusts Me." More on Chicano art collective ASCO, just profiled on bit.ly/nJy68K
Web UI? Front-end? Visionary?
Well, half way done with today.
I said it last week, the Pacers frontline will dominate the Heat frontline.
He has no idea what's going on in Libya. It's over.
RT!!!! WE OUTCHEA!!!! JUS' LIKE THE INDIANS & WE ARE BORN IN AMERICA!!!! LOL
It usually means worse music, more khakis and polos, more goatees...But no real doctrinal difference.
Is Facebook's growth healthy? 1M members per day, if true, we could see 1/10th of the world using Facebook by middle way through 2010..!
love you too:) #cantwait!
Good morning! Thanks for all the love, everyone. Sorry, gonna be late w/ replies. Off to the #TennesseeRennesanceFestival w/J & school buds.
The Ex Race (n.): a race after you break up to be the first one to find someone new and be happy - first one to find someone wins.
had a blast getting things done for America at 's big sunday weekend with ! pictures coming soon.
We know it's hot out so we'll make you a deal. With the purchase of any sandwich, we'll give you a FREE DRINK to cool you off! Valid til 7pm
any ideas/units out there on dystopian/utopian societies that you'd like to share?
he was on the record opposed to Amendment 1 in NC. As was Bill Clinton. Romney was in favor of Amendment 1.
!!!!! RT Being born between 11 and 19 of April means you have gentler and added charitable motivations behind your actions.
If u sing u need a coach so visit www.thepremiervocalcoaches.com
. hit tweet limit guys! This is the operators!
DAMN I WANT SOME PIZZA
. I also note that Adam Rapp titles do not lend themselves to classroom-appropriate dioramas.
and hailing from Las Vegas, Nevada...BARRY O!!!
Seems like interest in Steve Ott is holding up progress on players like Paul Gaustad.
Playing at the new hotel TOMORROW night, 7pm in #WinchesterVA!
This day would not be complete without wishing a very Happy Birthday to one of my most favorite musicians, Stevie Wonder! Love you, Stevie!
Let us not be bound to this broken world.
My word document doesn't think "Bieber" is a word...
#WVU Alumni/Big XII Happy Hour today! 6:30pm, Jack Rose Dining Saloon in DC
Im so manish ooh I want him so bad
God, my husband has the most kissable lips.
A team (on the court or in the office) full of positive energy can accomplish anything.
Waking up in the morning is terrible !
*snort* I don't know.
Actually I think today was one of the worst days of my existence :(
“York University” is the fictional Ivy League school around which the plot of The Housesitter revolves!
Penn state ex coach should be kill
What time ?
You okay girl?
"DEFENSE" Double Check!!
where are you from?
Windsor Is Your Dogs Name
If you chose to "Like" the FB page, then you will get a notification on your feed everytime there is a new blog post. :-)
I mean in the #THATCamp WP install, I have 3 identies in there, 1 me, 1 me institution, 1 me #TCMNY, it's crazy in there
Kids With Type 2 Diabetes: Combo Treatment Best?
An old friend of mine is working on a new project, coming soon at dontdiewondering.com Bring your friends for a chance at free iPod!
"when businesses government and nonprofits come together for change the result is success" - Wallace White, African American Chamber
be genorous & FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Hi Diana, it is! Thanks for following.
yea dbags & dickheads start from a young age sadly ruins it for people with brains & manners
much be low on cash. They've already messaged me twice asking me to pay my bill that isn't due until next week
aw I approve. go get him! I request to play with him tho!
why is the library 1000 degrees right now?
Unacceptable Behaviors: frequent discussion of sexual acts and exploits
CHARANGA DEL VALLE (((TONIGHT))) @ Salsa Under the Stars!!!!
While everyone takes the psat I'm sitting here with like 4 other people in my class... fun
Really miss #BellingrathGardens at #Christmas time. Their lighting display is excellent.
": What if Niall got you pregnant? Your baby would be half unicorn." that baby would be a fucking god.
are you guys on Google+?
Tara, who was just on Sugarland's tour, is the best! Perfect personality for the job!
#WhyILoveYou because your words never come out right but I know what you're trying to say
W.beyondthescoreboard.net the was the reason why orton didn't remain the starting qb. That's who he'll take his revenge on
Nobodys perfect nobody's perfect aye aye but your perfect for me
Well hopefully its one of those 5 question quizzes that we already have the answers for lol.
omg EW, enough!!!
I'm great, just really hot haha. Wanted to say bc you seemed cool :-)
you acted as if you didn't even do anything. thats the only reason I was pissed enough to tell.
Thanks for sharing this quote. A good one for anyone thinking about starting an exercise program.
uh I have hair n makeup from like 11-1 so before or after that
and the 👽 will be so depressed he'll 🔫 himself and we won't have stupid geometry anymore and we'll be like 😄😊😃👍👍👍
why is Demi so pretty?
Also! Tweet at us!! Not to yell at you...but we love to hear from our followers...if not just to respond snarkily. It really makes our day.
Palmetto Bay Council Member Howard Tendrich pushes 4 more documents 2 B Available 2 the public. Opinion? Mayor Stancyzk is resisting.
Thank you Hollywood for the follow.
uh oh, I guess I missed it :-(
Trey songs is sexy ass hell in this video im watch. I need this song now..
Umm, Do you think you can follow me?!!
oh my. were you dancing when that happened? are you okay???
Why are we yelling? :(
didja know you've got the most beautiful eyes? :)
where's the golf blog now? I miss it
i feel bad for my nigga would have like to see him and CP3 together..but do yo thing homie
Hail to the Redskins!
why is it so hard to program 2 universal remotes to the same garage door? arrgh.
The things you do when you're younger really does affect ur life as an adult. Don't be wreckless and ruin your body because u will regret it
No Jokee But Mr. Warren My Fav Teacher (:
no you go ion have school all week !
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If u don't step forward, you'll always be in the same place.
I love your twitter bio! Haha ♡
The # most often cited reasons for getting a massage are relaxation (27%), relief of soreness, stiffness (13%), stress reduction (10%).
"That's high school makin me chase u round for months. Have an affair, act like an adult for once."
At a session on the #ecar report at
Do people really travel from other states to try a top quality steak? Shauna makes a trip to taste at 5A5 Steak Lounge Sun (7/18/10) @ 5:30
buy her a spa treatment!
I heard the gun shoots from the studio, My prayers go to the families... Wish the violence would end....
Going to the movies!! :D I <3 Fridays!
Funnel cake is actually carnie placenta
Naw I like mine, imma keep it forever lol
Also A Colorado Mahomie Here :)
Guests on ' panel are discussing ways to appeal to youth vote. Is there a difference between Romney & Obama for GenY?
Explains Terry Collins' comments.. oh wait. RT : Mets alderson...Says wright was coming out anyway (like david said)
Goodmorning Tweepers! Make the most of your day! Enjoy each moment...and revel in the small things that make everyday great!
Just got really excited for Summer and all the concerts and events we have planned!
Love watching the Biggest Loser. So inspiring! Go Brett!
Its early as hell and I feeling good as heaven.
Bend but don't brake...
"And life is worth the living just because He lives"
SO excited for the greatness of these girls! Follow them and you won't regret it!
if you are on Drupal 6, go to 7 which allows module updates via web interface if you don't have command line access for Drush.
yeah that's fine :)
I know real estate investors looking for apartment buildings or duplexes
woah 17 is crazy! okay unrelated Alex wants to talk to you. please call him at work
RT : raised $10,000 yesterday at their #SurvivaltoThrival event! It was a packed house---congrats!
Yea I'm balling Imma self made nigga why u think ur gf let me fuck on her for days nigga
Oh well I tried
Love love love my tattoo shop.. Inked up. Yahh
Anjelica Huston, what happened there? Uninteresting gay men? Karen's lame-ass bf?
You're right! Sharing the road benefits everyone. Thanks for your comments!
For the "no fees" airline, Southwest sure has found a lot of ways to charge for things that are normally free.
My little sister is so fat, she has been eating legit all day
I have to ask - what kinds of primary sources are you buying?
the smilin submarine sits in a pile a shit pointed straight at u wit lil wayne tied up on the deck screamin out ant poop!!!
Have a wonderful meal in DC! Good luck with quenching the seafood craving-- we hear crab legs are great for that. :)
O.J. Simpson vs. George Zimmerman...when "justice" means "just us!" A country born by the "race" sword will die by the "race" sword!!!
Thanks to for coming out and speaking this morning and big thanks to our sponsor
It's 730am and i can't drink a redbull to stay awake about to stick a fork into an outlet.
If verbally attacking someone simply because they do not have the same point of view as you makes you feel good... YOU are a
Hey sis! I'm in Tucson. How goes it?
i did, i liked them, hehe <3
Maybe I'll see you! RT : I'm very excited to get a tour of my dream marketing agency tomorrow!!
SALE ON MY WEBSITE!!! www.smirkclothing.com some styles as low as $15!!! hurry before they are gone for good!
Michael Jr was SO funny. Thanks Gateway Church in Southlake. Can't wait till he comes back Sept. 9th.
On my way to Chi-town yet again to take on another St Patti's with my Chicago homies. Let the celebration begin!
Is this the way a toy feels when its batteries run dry?
I try
Always luv Friday --- the 13th is just a scary bonus for this scary good week. Yeay, a cabernet mix is perfect for a parched throat. :)
Cory The Bike Fixer is going ORANGE! Stop by the shop to see what we mean!
The PD were going North of Stark.
and the doctors think my 9 yr (other) cousin has it :((((
failed math....atleast i passed everything else
I would like to try the text expander app, please! I love auditorium and will be using it at a conference this week.
Today as I got up and looked out the window. My neighbors kids were going through my mailbox.
Swbankapaplwndjdjdjfjriwowp......cannot breathe!!!!! Congrats Miami on winning the east....putting life savings on it
My Monday is less than spectacular because I have no idea who Jennifer Love Hewitt jerked off this week. C'mon
Almost done with Coughtry's homework, then onto my personal project. #legoo!
Is done with so many people right now.
Ryan envisions Grindhouse as a concerto for the orchestra - every section is featured.
So excited about and sitting by the pool! Great way to start memorial weekend
:( I'm still undecided!? I need a costume sponsor!
RT if you love to color
Some asshole wrote UN F*ck The World on my Fiat's rear window while I was away. A lovely welcome back :( At least my car needs a wash anyway
With the tying run at the plate and a runner on 2nd with two outs, a bunt isn't out of the question.
My red bull addiction is slowly surpassing my cigarette addiction
David, I'm going to mail some CD's today. Who should I address them to? And how many should I send?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
you ate pizza? *un-friends*
oh. my. god. i think i would do damage to myself. i need sleep. i don't know how moms do it. one of the mysteries of the universe!
my brother is so in love with you singing
Saw on a machine gun kelly music video, gettin buck on stage and then crowd surfing haha
We do carry gluten free crusts as a healthy alternative!
wow guys. thanks for the invite
Today you must cut to the chase and ask for what you want in clear, concise, complimentary terms focused on the value to reader
Off to nyc, gym sesh wit then school
If it takes me forever ill make it happen
Hi sexy babydoll! How r u doing?
Why does Echo Lake smell like Brooklyn?
When you're in Portland Or. meet Michael of Michael's Italian Beef & Sausage Co.and golf a Robert Trent Jones course with me
keep the pics coming!
Actually he is one of our original guitarists. So he is not really new...
Nice swing! Didn't realize you were a south paw.
him and that things are gonna get more and more busy as he becomes bigger and goes further in his career. he's not always going to be (c)
A fresh start always sounds appealing. As mentioned in the article - just hope they're not abandoning their reputation
at one in the afternoon? nice!
A Few Issues are Delaying Us From Going LIVE... We Will Do Our Best To Keep You Updated...!
Indiana giving Miami the business
may I suggest an smartphone app to send a prayer? www.birdofprayer.org
I just signed up, thanks for the help (we'll need it)!
Follow me please? I'm Cuban too (:
so much that you couldn't leave. If you leave me, i'll find you and  you and then I would 
u r a really great girl u r one of a kind =) i luv ya
Talking about vaginal fluids in class
Tweet Me... IM DYING!!!
mannequins ain't got shit on some of y'all.
Good morning....
Getting bombarded with shit during the last three weeks of school<<<<<<<<
Blade Runner...
match that
You picked one heck of a day for your first visit. RT First visit to
Go #Nuggets #BeatLA please please please.
Absolutely Kitten. We can do the testing in either miami or LA (it seems your in south beach right now). Give us a call !
of course u saw them 7 yrs ago. I'm so late to the game
Favorite line from current copy piece, "We even take gratuitous liberties when describing what we do." Can't wait to push this live.
That suff is so good! My son is 2 and I still use the body lotion and the body wash for him!
I support you very much!!! You tweet under what ever name you want!! I love reading your tweets.
Today is going to be a great day! Full of love, caring hearts and passion. Be strong in your faith and love openly with a caring heart.
did you see today's google doodle?
RT : Gonna be at Vamp tonight to support and #ItsOn "swag"
Just pushed play on the CD player in my daughters' room to wake them up. They are now starting their day to the Star Wars theme.
Business plan for 2012? Everything is free for a month! We take all the risk and show you results. 803-753-8833 or email
It was a pleasure meeting Bryan today from another great LoDo business, Margs Taco Bistro! Check them out for a great lunch or evening out!
off to learn about prize philanthropy... does it have the many wondrous applications that proponents claim?
now that dance is over, i dont know what to do with my life. -___-
Exactly! "I know something you do not know..."
I can't. That V word makes me gag
happy birthday Avery...hope it is everything u wanted it to be!
hopefully not rain
during DRIVE TIME, switched lanes on Irving Park. like a boss.
Just had stinky soft cheese and half a baguette for dinner. And a half bottle of Red. Getting Ready for Europe this summer!
21 NIC Sentinel staffers are headed to New York for the CMA convention.
Skippin that class was a great idea :)
For more on cost effective online research, see Svengalis.
I understand where you're coming from, that's exactly what they are, and we're going into triple overtime now!!!
Terrance Jones is my least favorite player of all time. Without a doubt
I actually tried to find out what kind of tomato seeds they were too to no avail. Not sure what NYers are gonna do with them...
Nah you latina rep that RT : My school is mostly black, most of my friends are black, my boyfriend is black... I am black! ✊
we don't sweat. we glisten.
Close Encounters of the #GreatBoobs - by Steven Spielboobs
Congrats on doing the #BlogHer12 panel, babe! You know I'll be there!
It's a utility web who's who with , , and others whose Twitter handles I don't know.
what happened to you bro?
I hope you like my website! Enjoy khatee! <3
Thank you, Mo. I'll make sure to pass the card down to you once you're done with the diss.
Was it Doc Holiday? That guy is awesome. Not the Wyatt Urp one, but the one in Berry Hill.
Outie 4 2 Day G.F.B. Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
first class is also tech. a slower service. anything under 13oz. can go 1st class, so in some weird cases, yes it is cheaper
I would never have guessed that from his music.
hello? Are you alive?
i actually had fun in dance today
#ag action will create template to deal with #foreclosures. Chris Mayer
Now I want a frappe -.-
same 2 you bra
That may be true, but a tough sell when many people can't guarantee $ in their accounts when it comes due. I never do auto-pay.
I'll be djing at club Sirius tonight downtown SA! No cover 21+ welcome. Amazing drink and shot specials! Don't miss out!
Marlins stadium looks raw af
will you be at kenilworth later?
- The contact is - They are distributing through Beechwood I believe and will be based out of Brookfield?
Apologies for the WiFi issue. Were you able to connect at all? We strive to be better and want to make every customer happy!
Excited for hookah tonight in honor of my baby daddy wwooooooop
wow that's not rude or anything....
At the same time, we knew about people's infatuation before we signed up. Felt the same way about the service.
.2004 laptop finally gave up the ghost but before I was able to put content in dome cloud. MicroCenter to the rescue. New casing. for drive.
dates aren't firm yet but actually shooting for that week in may. Will let you (both) know.
#Madonna also discussed having sex w/ Dennis Rodman. You're welcome, everyone's mind's eye!
It's a sea of green #St_Patrick's_day
Yes, I know what you are saying! Bahaha
If you r living #Israel "lifestyle": gan, army, chuppah, mishpacha & so on, tell us how u think it compares 2other countries.
Hugs to you!
Yesterday, 2 girls asked me a ? about where 2 find a book in the library. It wasn't the library I work at. Just my local publib.....
just ordered sniper elite v2... can't wait
I wonder why doesn't have a stop at the Philadelphia Zoo. I can see the entrance from here.
could have been worse...ie a guy in front of u without underwear!
oh please, like that's to make me wear those god awful orange and blue colors.
I DO. Austin, i pray for you see this tweet. Is my dream! Please reply me or give me a signal. PLEASE <3.
Work smart not harder
Paul George Harrison.
lmao just joined this thing Don't know what the hell I'm doing
I can't fucking wait to have my own place.
Orange Crush, Have a Crush on me. ;)
sounds like a lyric!
Hi new friends! Thanks for the follows! I don't send out "canned DM's" or mentions...so, thanks for the follow!
Last minute road trip to Boston for the 116th Boston Marathon? We still have a few rooms available - just 0.2 miles from the finish line...
Hi hi hi <3
This dude spits when he talks,I have to take two steps back to not get hit. Lol unbelievable
#Its2012WhyYouStill why use u own eyebrows cut em off and draw them on -->> some of yall females mentality -___-
Yeah, I even picked 2 day shipping because I was nervous so it REALLY should have shipped by now...
Good lookin out, thank u
Speaker says "face the fact, our Hispanic pop has grown." She says new services are needed.
“: Somebody should call and talk me 2 sleep... LIKE NOW :/”☎
Thank you beloved... me too :(
#MontaEllis is an assassin
- we are all products of our #expectations, not just our #environments. #ounceluncheon #ele #education #equity #99%
Retweet If you want Justin Bieber or Selena Gomez to follow you !! <3
yea they were easy i got this ill come up with a better one
you got an iPhone, I'm sure you can figure it out.
I'll Be Back In The M Tommorow Hit Me Up Im Making Moves - BAM!!!
In Music Meeting Arctic Monkeys “My Propeller” Not the most interesting thing they ever submitted, it’ll take another listen or 2
This makes 4 times that either myself or my partner have told a fellow Texan that we're vegetarian, & they ask: "Well do you eat chicken?"
Let's get it Orioles
Patriots need to stop with the sob story though..
have a great day Nick 😘😁
Hearing lots of #Denver #Jazz gossip around tonight. Not bad gossip, just a lot fans w/ a lot of ideas.
I hate a girl paying for me but when your in a 50 50 relationship thats how it goes one person shouldnt haft to pay for everything....
OUR BIRTHDAYS ARE SOON!!:) <3
follow me back please<33
Storm coming
though in *principle,* I do agree--for certain types of digital objects, not all.
very excited!!!!!
Hey it's BK, Iron Maiden bassist Steve Harris celebrates 55th B-Day today. What is your favorite Iron Maiden album?
RT : Tonights Culturally Inspired Pig Roast visit the Pacific-Asian Islands of the Philippines
Hm...Seesmic lets you see the link trail in a new window-let. I really like it for the most part.
You, too!
Annie's in the crowd
please follow me <3 u are sweet :)
who climbs over stalls like 1st graders? obviously us.
may actually be experiencing the worlds first flip-flop related injury.
You seem suspicious...
Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole
-L yeah bro! Come Fri. night or early Sat. Expecting 1/2 million peeps. Hit ya up later to talk more!
Put your hands in the sky right now now now now now :)
have a great night =)
He ain't the one.
1 wk w the new iPhone I've deleted any apps whose icons didn't look great on the retina display
"I'll Have Another"! Couldnt be a more perfect winner on cinco de mayo!
Working with our customers over the phone or via email, they strive to make each customer a case study
Question (maybe has answer?) is there a software out there that aggregates data/influence for a group of twitter handles?
Hell. Halloween. Shit if I know. Usually too cold and wet for me to care.
why did I just think it said * holy grammar ken
We got some technical and implemtentation consultant positions at Best place to grow a long term career!
I can't wait!!!! So excited. I haven't gotten my book yet! I'm beyond impatient lol.
no way. “: Let's be honest here, fake dive bars > real dive bars .”
BizCocoon loves #coworking spaces in #NYC, have you heard about the ?
Really wonderful camaraderie among these athletes. I'm excited for this team.
its nice that people are enjoying they life and are happy
glad I can help a fellow grinder even if you are in a different ABI league
Had fun skyping with #FLAcon2012 just now, spreading the #librarianscode and #fairuse gospel. Thanks for inviting me!
Sorry to miss the at this afternoon. Miss his infectious energy.
Everyone please go follow he will #FollowBack 9
DID IT
He getting up on all the "ghetto" music...(In His Words) lol
CBGB Festival? I'm so in there.
thx for your tweet. :)
Was referred to your YouTube page by Who The Bleep Is Dennis Bover. Great stuff. I'll be tuning in from now on.
I really think my toe is going to fall off. Yes, the entire toe.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells
like the cafeteria.. or somewhere away from these fags.
#TrickOrTreaterCount 6 + a complement on my landscaping. (Incentive to open the door for the next group)
#innerbeauty all day baby!!! No one is ugly if u have a beautiful personality :)
It's just my luck :/
Felizidadeshappy mothers day Abuela. Te estraño. My eyes still get watery for you. Love you. R.I.P
Hat Day tomoorw! Donate $1 to our PFO to wear a hat for the day!
What's up with Kelly O's hair?! It looks gray!
Hello Ms Lady! I'd like to make a cake for you. Can you please make some time for me? LOL
Love the "I wanna fly" tune in the commericals.
Taking my first flying lesson...
I got replies about the cable. Just wanted to make sure it wasn't only me. My internet is Frontier, so no problems there.
notin at all homey. It's still freakin cold here! I see y'all still runnin tings allova Europe
both are good, but I'd go with the beef. :-)
"Tolerance becomes a crime when applied to evil and injustice." Thomas Mann 1875-1955
Ikea Emeryville adventure with my sister on Sunday--great having family live nearby now! Weekend fun!
No one understands
Instant gratification is not always good when it cost Americans jobs. Red box videos is a prime example.
the entire Spanish-speaking community is now going to hate you for butchering our language. What's the book on?
Watch out for all those Mister Disasters tonight! Dang creepers stop blowing up our phones.. ;)
Immature is a word used by boring people to describe fun people
a week and a half ago.. my baby ( #TAHOE) got hit by a drunk driver and i get it back tomorrow!!!!!! #HAPPYTWEET!
Yes ma'am and thank you I forgot to give u a happy bday how was it? “: I love your avi !!! Did u get a new do?!”
Using hootsuite for fb makes me nervous, on newsfeed can click 'block all from hootsuite' and remove many companies at once
I've been trying to get a second job too, are they hiring ?
I now have TX tags. *cries*
Generating leads online for dummies - Beginner internet marketing -great free video training bit.ly/bvxhig
Whoa...had fun last night:)
Happy Friday!
He looks so much better. A woman would've bought a ton of smaller sizes (even when she still can't fit em).
kira has no life n shes a twitter whore
Shake your groove thing and get the workout of the century - Disco Sculpt 8:00am tomorrow
we have you covered. Check in at the check in table. Ticket will be under Allison Young. See you there!
Congrats to the Hamilton College Continentals on winning the #nescac mens hockey season. Good luck in the playoffs
Nowak: "We, together, decided to conclude this trade"
#Parnell,s a monster though
that's funny
GOOD LUCK! and have a blast....best wishes! ;) *wink *wink
I am tempted to cut my hair real short again. (via ) glad I don't do that... I'd b all outta luck
Wow love thia tweet! We are happy to follow you. RT : So excited to have following me. Know that the combination...
Lmao everybody joking n laughing doing the fave movies #tt this nigga steady complaining man everybody naming the same movies man
Hit up Don's Fish & Chips for me.
a girl can be nice to a point you fuck wit her man and her money she gone flip her wig
My son just told me two lady gaga jokes. Kid is hi-larious
oohhhhhh I'm telling!!!!
All fans who purchased game tickets & Locos Bucks for Oct. 22 & 27 games can call 702.877.LOCO for a full refund.
I sent the deal on to Jeff. He said 4 other people had already emailed it to him!
Boston Sports Club - Back Bay area is nice. Cute guys, nice amenities.
So jealous of this!
Thanks for your support! RT : Congrats on #SmallBiz nomination! Hope you all win.
Jeebus. Here we go with Reagan. Again.
racist!! Can I come over later? Do you have a bedtime that I have to make? I'll bring cookies :)
the resulting record label you start must be called POT OF GOLD! save a doubloon for me.
What up Mari!!! We gotta Party it up again! Come to So Cal!! RT xoxo...
#ppandf2 THIS SATURDAY !!!!!!
Looks like Famous Daves for dinner.
We spied a curious-looking nestbox with an inscription that read "Tweet & ye shall be re-tweeted".
Anyone going to tonight??
Love it ": The heat in Miami is intolerable!"
Going to Sandi Ego!(:
I love you I hate you
God Bless America!!! #remember 9-11
Dang It! I Forgot My Tumblr Password!
I'm not lol!
All The Way!
have you met paramore before? I know random, but I saw a tweet of yours...
NO! So sad, but #GHAP and you handled yourself so well. Well done, good and faithful servant.
School is hell to me. :(
But it was not your fault but mine And it was your heart on the line I really fucked it up this time Didn't I, my dear?
'take yourself a picture when I'm standin at the mound and I swear it's goin down . I'm just reppin for my town' 🎶
812! :D Almost done this scene! One more 20 maybe should do it!
Always be calm & clever !!!
#tendaysoffisjustwhatthedoctorordered missing the work people tho!
we do a kindergarten screening, helps us even out classes.
Smart ass move by Barbosa to stop that dumb ass fast break block move of Lebron's.
Last time #FLAPanthers won a playoff game: Clinton was president, Marlins hadn't won a World Series, Marino was Dolphins QB... Overdue, no?
love the creativity here. Nice call on Mazzei as well.
Great ideas, love the sponsorship to Learning 2.0 also. Thanks for your feedback!
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
The selfie button is the best invention ever
You got me fucked up ..
"We should all look at the man or the woman in the mirror and change the way we treat each other..." Thank you, Michael.
There are now hundreds of base organization & business listings in the Foster.ly directory.
Thanks for the retweet. How did I miss that you had joined AIIM? Great hrie for them, and I hope you are enjoying your new role!
"Many free countries have lost their liberty; and ours may lose hers . ." 12/20/1839 from Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
Tonight in the Twin Cities -- and the ... Keep an eye out friends!
“: Are liberals more open to evidence & reason than conservatives?" <YES. Consrvs r biased agnst change & use Faith based "thinking".
thanks for the follow :)
eating with
I want a real life where that happens.
#nevertrustagirl with a gun and a guy that broke her heart. It'll just turn into something weird and cruel
he's filming his show.
I miss making hockey inside jokes with you guys. Goddamnit.
NEWT? Oh yeah There's a fresh face who is not part of the political establishment in Washington..He just screams wholesome apple pie values
What i just told chasidy >>>>> lmao
Matthew . . . whoosh. There goes the time.
Who's the luckiest husbeast ever? This guy. Was gently roused from sleep by bringing pancakes and coffee... in bed!
They are forever stamps. Yeah, it seems super sketchy.
GM! What a beautiful day! Thank you Jesus !
no thank you!!
Can you (or any roommates, friends, etc) recommend a mechanic in Hollywood? My car is dead. Towing it back from Anaheim right now
#JustForToday Using Latin phrases to sound smart is my modus operandi.
lol! Oh, they get bigger. And you should see the camel spiders in Iraq!! Sweet Jesus! They get BIG!!
Our PLT. Sgt. Still has not given us our PCS orders yet, so I have no idea where the Army will send me next month. Fort Bliss, TX maybe?
im in love wit u. Wish i cud meet u so i cud tell u in person <3 ;)
It don' matter if you black or white!! MJ
You sure know the way to a gal's heart!
Just because you miss someone doesn't mean they belong in your life.
Happy New Year! Let's make that resolution of a better relationship with your dog become reality!
Zimmerman, like you, is innocent until proven guilty. Lynching is illegal in America.
John Brick, CO Alliance for Immigration Reform, now testifying against ASSET bill. Keeps saying "illegal aliens."
I think I'll go ahead and you this pinterest invite.
Dnt try to cum back around when u fuck up something gud wit a person that had they shit 2gether 4 a person who dnt & not even gettin a check
NOW EVERYBODY FROM THE 313 *slim shady voice*
ah yeah my bad
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one. Elbert Hubbard
Hello!:)How are you?
gathering scripts for teens tv and film class for Got any good ones?!
No! And dont listen to my brother he is an idiot
My phone is still getting fixed. Hit me up on my Face Book.
Why would he Retweet her????
RT“ "I'm not like most girls" - Most Girls”
t-shirt bogdanovich.
#doUremember the 1st time U took a bite out of a burger Fresh off a long diet?
Say we on a
FREE Now bitches!!
Today should be the day we finalize our New Year resolutions. You know, so we're prepared. What's yours??
just got back from lifting, getting buff and taking names ya'll know how i do
Nice to meet you! You are welcome...
no fucks are given
So what if I'm watching season two trying to catch up? It's still
#OnThisDay in 1861, the Union army suffered their first casualties, as the 6th Massachusetts was attacked by a rioting mob in Baltimore
DEM BULLZ GOIN OFF ON LA
Fascinating evolution. Local government buying some of our ad inventory. Using as their digital media agency.
I've always been partial to changing up my appearance. I had low self esteem about my looks so I changed it.
Think there's 2 much negativity on news? Well, 2night a cute/heartwarming story for you about two veterans (one with 3 legs) reunited
Storage Wars YUP Ashamed to admit that
#3words Not looking back.
Is at the Rathskeller learning about Globus tours and Avalon river cruises.
Powerball tickets in hand. Come on numbers!
Name a movie that describes the relationship you want? The Lucky One
Man I need someone to text I'm.not getting enough attention
Brooklyn Girl is the place to be tonight! . is serving his famous #bestfriedchickenever tonight.
I sleep well when the lakers, Yankees, and cowboys loose.
Twitter is not a diary
Fun. I love emergency flights. Wee...
no YOU da best❤ Andre is retarted
So im looking at the most beautifullest man ever #camnewton baby
Thank you all for supporting me and showing me Luv just by following! :)
enjoy all the big, paid for, mansions on your way!!
Beautiful liner notes for "Twelve" by Howard Mandel !!!!
