Did you hear about next week!! Gourmet Food Trucks are finally coming to
A spring wind has wafted me into Bill's Gay Nineties for lunch. I am going to miss this place.
Please dont call me to the office.. Please dont call me to the office . Please dont call me to the office
Switching back and forth between the Heat game and the Grammys. Thumbs-up to DWade, Lebron, Chris Breezy, and Rhianna for great performances
wowsa! Some people are prolific tweeters! I'm not sure what it all means!
who you got Sugar ray leonard or Mayweather!!!
Another hour another session
"Hide by her bed while her mom and dad came to say goodnight" LMFAOOOO Cyrus is a mess.
In study hall.
Up to the second book, very hard to put the book down
The awkward moment when u and ur friend both like the same guy. And she doesnt know u like him so she brags about there moments.
A man knows his woman's loyalty if she's there when he's becomes broke, unemployed, and possibly homeless
“: Only forgive someone because you believe they are truly sorry, not just because you want to keep them in your life.”
My alarm for the shitshow brewers game just went off....
Netflix til I fall asleep. Already got 2 hrs
Need a big inning from Selman, here.
damn,say it ain't so!
sup mane, got a bent alchohol bottle on ya face dont it? jermaine jackson nose ass nigga lol
Lattuca & Stark "[Faculty should] challenge students to apply, integrate, evaluate...construct knowledge by engaging them in...activities"
is delusional lol if he got onto all stars that would be a waste just like him this season lol
People screwing people over <<<
well yes young sir I said I would so #countonit another happy
#follow4follow Scott Aukerman uploaded Anniversary Party!
God I was huge on myspace. #28,000
whats in texas my friend!?! i probably would have know but havent read my twitter lol
Loved 's presentation today at #BizExpo - busting out some folks using QRs w/out mobile landing pgs - don't do that! -CV
The moment when you're finally making a connection and someone else steals the spotlight
You don't deserve a tip. Seriously been waiting for two hours.
I don't like feeling like this...:'/
Hehe did a little partying last night....soo fun!!
President Jimmy #Carter's #mother joined the #Peace Corps at age 68.
Ugh, headache...
still can't sleep
Wall2Wall Mirror Mosaics Brighten my Day. Sipping Coffee @ Black & Brew on Passyunk Ave.
RT : Dow up over 400 as investors struggle to even out meds.
Walters on North in tosa is my fav bar
Good luck UW Badgers today! Go Bucky!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME, IS MY ONLY WISH!! SPAIN LOVE YOU !<33333333
spiritual privileges bring responsibilities and obligation
I always embrace local business, thanks for the follow. Let me know if you need
Yes don't get angry if God doesn't change the sitution 2 the way you want it, say ur prayers aren't ans'd * God don't bless no mess*
Not to sound clingy, but why have'nt we heard from Colts beat staff about Mudd's new job.
well my kids understand but remember that's when they start not to listen. Gotta love it.
My brothers turning 10 today! He's growing up fast :)
Who is on?
Trying to get used to using my iPad at work. Trying iAnnotate & Penultimate. Need a stylus! Then I think both will be really useful.
The Stage is up at Edgefield, the 1st concert is this weekend! Come have a pre-concert meeting, lunch or dinner before heading to the show!
u must be sick bro lets get it add me n ill spank dat ass lol
........lol man atleast you got to sit in the front seat instead of the drunk.........hmmmmlol
we dont post without your permission. Can you please email on how it happened, please
Today has made an unexpected turn for the best.
what was the other photo of?
It's been too long!!! #livemusicrocks!!! With :D
I love you! Wish you weren't tiny so I could borrow!
I assume you do NOT work with satellite internet?? That's all we have access to.
MT : Listening to one of the great lecturers, Prof. Baughman talking about history of PR #madasawethen #UWRightNow <- love it!
What should I be for Halloween?
After my exp with parents last night , I need an escape! lol They are quite entertaining! Where are you located?
the world won't end in 2012 because they found a new fucking calendar?! the world won't end in 2012 because IT! WON'T!
Stealth startup seeks helicopter designer.
there's such thing as church son
Nice to see you on the tweeter. What have you been up to?
Had the exact same thing 4 dinner tonight and it was awesome! In still stuffed. :)
Hello baby Jack!! Congrats to your sister, Carrie! Prayers for Jack's health. Have a good day, auntie!
Just like after a night @ Fogo
haha, thanks! It's from the Big Ass Twitter Happy Hour meet-up last week. They had an awesome photo-booth set up.
NOBODY KNOWS SHIT
got u lil bro!!!
Hey Mother Nature, Father Time called and he said winter is over so get it the hell out of Omaha. Signed Ft. Time Peace in the Middle East.
Renardo Sidney from Mississippi State rolls ankle to start the second half. Mississippi State up 39-29 over
I mean, really. Why would Twitter buy out a good thing and then make it bad?!?
ain't nothing but the truth
#3wordsforyou jobs jobs jobs
Uh oh. This chart says I'm stressed. I didn't even know it....
Just letting everyone know I'm still alive
A tho head b4 sex is always good
Why aint u let me know
How many Penn State running backs have recorded three 1,000-yard rushing seasons?
Over 40% of solo respondents to our 2011 survey have primary email @ ISP or @ web mail provider.
Can't wait to head over to later for the celebration! We'll be there 3pm-6pm. 233 Mott St. See you there!
That's a pretty fantastic find!
If I could put ever song I love into one big playlist, it would go on and on forever. #obsessed #ILikeToThinkIHaveGoodTasteInMusic 😒
Talking about weak teams in the Cup Finals. But I think it's great. You can keep hope as a lower seed in the NHL...
Over 200 million YouTube views occur through mobile devices every day.
Don't wanna come home
If you walk in front of my car in the middle of the road, I will not hesitate to hit you
alright! Followed! Good luck this month - I tripled the amount of rules I had with my last game. Should be interesting....
Amanda French's presentation is entitled, "The Ivy and the Kudzu, or The Lush Perils of Openness in Academe."
Very excited to have you in!! Do you already know what you'll be having?
Pro 1:10 My son, if sinners lure you, do not be willing.
well idunno, do you speak spanish?
Some people tell me "Well She may be a mega bitch behind closed doors" about the cheating thing.. I'd bet GOOD $ on NO.
I don't know if I can cope with 10 minutes of this plus extra time.
i haven't been on in a week :O
key take away from #nyc startup crawl, startups are hiring "like crazy", #wallstreet is firing like crazy
Omg shocker .
RT synth drums and live instruments
Congrats Big Time Rush! We love you! :D
I'm going to regret this big time.
sleep good love you too lol
Thundershowers in DC
My lazyness made me forget the outlet behind my nightstand, after all this tripping over the extension cord...
Practice tomorrow its about to go down. Lmao
Diplomats Vol. 2 is one of the best mixtapes ever.
Grizz lost to one...again :/!
Thanks for the follow fulloftravel (fulloftravel)! :)
I love the new Cobra starship song
Oh good, I'm not the only classic movie fan who didn't see The Sound of Music until they were in their 20s.
Extra bright I want you to see all of the light..
oh if u can let me know. Ill be all over that
haha can I do that!? But doesn't it cost like $250 ? Would it count towards my credits? Haha
“: Energyne Barco Draino hot shot Whack attack Helium Nitrous oxide Formaldehyde Some new kind of kick”a hollywood breakfast!
You should examine yourself daily. If you find faults, you should correct them. When you find none, you should try even harder! Xi Zhi
oh yuck. Im sorry!
We love the Twitter background!
At Blum+Poe fundraiser for the Calder Performing Arts Organizations
I was in the same boat this AM! Added ginger-nut granola to LF vanilla Greek yogurt & a clementine! Fast & filling #breakfast!
it is amazing!!!!
And that's a BOLD statement. RT : This "pursuit of Manning" video feed is the most pathetic thing in the history of sports media.
RT : President Obama recognizes #VAi2 2010 innovation as a Champion of Change at White House today...
- Angela Glover Blackwell is one of the most mesmerizing and inspiring speakers I've ever heard. A truly incredible woman!!!
that hash tag made me do a spit take. Haha!
I love the FACT that God has proven Himself to me, now I must prove myself to Him...such an honor.
dont know you .. but i feel like i retweet you alot ....... awkk
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind. ~ Da Vinci
well I guess that was cawlidge hockey at its finest
Can i just kill target...
With all the abnormally warm weather we've been having this winter, it's somewhat re-assuring to finally see some snow!
I watch brave heart every time it's on tv!
he ugly too
thanks for sharing the link! enjoy your brunch!
I bet John fox loves this game no forward pass and fg's galore
Romney'd look a lot less boring wearing a Night Owl shirt! 10% off EVERYTHING in our store, "2012" is the coupon code. www.nightowlmerch.com
Keeping our 7for5 special going through today ONLY! Stop in to save BIG on single session packages! --this includes spray tan sessions!!!--
Another B12 shot in the booty by the doc 😳💉
Most Libra women r hoes u mite c them n the bk seat of a car. The men r liars
Excellent question!
Torrance Hicks wrote: "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about the things that matter" ~Martin Luther King~
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town! Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
Film or TV? Why?
My Cascada Pandora station is going off right now. Exactly what I needed to hear.
Bob Bradley dismissed as U.S. men%27s soccer national team coach - ESPN http%3A%2F%2Fes.pn%2Fo2hish
Good luck all around. Have started using here and it's been well-received so far.
the more, the less .
You ain't us
Just because something ends doesn't mean it never should've been. Remember you lived, you learned, you grew and moved on.
oh plleeaassee...do you support/feel the pain of ANY mid table/relegation bound club? All your energy=TOP CLUBS Boring easy way out
what are you talking about??? Lol
Thanks for the mention and hope you can join us!
Stricker one behind and in the fairway bunker on the 18th.
Your hard work today will pay off in the future.
YAY FRIDAY!! Have an wonderful weekend :)
lol. I still don't want to do it. It was actually taking your guys' idea and I realized that.
Korean food it is today
I can't wait for the Bulls-Heat game today, then my son and I are gonna hang out and watch the royal rumble. Yeah we're #wrestling nerds.
I know it's a little earlier of Christmas but I LOVE new song #Mistletoe and this is my 1,000th tweet
Students: looking for #career consulting advice? Contact Career Services to receive info regarding #job opportunities 216-432-8948
Driving around san Antonio, mutual pee emergency, where is this ranch
Everybody always wanna twitter after dark but what about in the morning, lunch, mid day, etc....idk bout yal but I like sex anytime ^_^
What's your favorite dish at StreetFood Asia?
We Love Percy Jackson!!!
Don't make me your number one, make me you're only one.
New favorite app- Couch to 5k! Getting ready for the color run in NYC this summer!
I've stuck around my home because I feel bad leaving my mom but she doesn't appreciate anything I do. I'm about to bounce. I want outt.
Im ready for this to work out! Keeping my fingers crossed
Packed court room. Many folks in overflow room//RT fun for geeks: oral arguments in Supreme Court for
I was expelled on pajama day. It's not my fault I sleep naked.
RT SportsNation just showed the Willie Warren High School dunk. Somewhere & are smiling.”I AM!..on the bench!
leaving for my aunt's&uncle's house on the lake! Having a family party there. So pysched to hang out w/my awesome family! :D
TSA will claim it's just doing its job, but damn, frisking Grandma is overkill.
well let you!!
Kicking it at #livestrongsportingpark, got my #omarbravo bobblehead, ready to see #sportingkc fell the Timbers! Sporting till I die!
Was going to stay far away from the Facebook IPO, but has convinced me to do more homework.
2012 PR tip #2. Get back into a regular routine with blogging, tweeting, friending, connecting, posting.
Help us take a BITE out of cancer this week by joining us at one of these amazing restaurants where a % of sales will be donated to our cam…
thanx for sharing and thank you for 'Joy' on the Preacher's Wife
Last exam week ever!!! Oh wait.....
Thinking of doing a "Pilot Season Prep" tele-class...does that sound like something you would like to attend?
woo! #angels & #sizzlers ❤😘
I'm always undecided
Happy to receive the endorsement of the WV Affiliate of American College of Nurse Midwives
lol I'm sorry it took about nd hour to do my hair
Safe opens April 27th, 2012 (wide) A second-rate cage fighter on the mixed martial arts circuit, Luke Wright lives a numbing life of rout
RT : Having a Goose Island Green Line Pale Ale at historic Twin Anchors on North Side waiting for what I hear are RIDICULOUS ribs.
Oh LA how I've missed you. On the road with
Huh. I don't think I knew that Joss was in on the writing of Toy Story, Interesting.
It's all coming together. 2, I repeat, 2 new ESL teaching jobs. Keeping my tutee, too. My cup runneth over. GRATITUDE!
What should I bring as gifts to a holiday party this evening? TOO EASY!
not even froyo from ?
Don't ever take me for granted.
GOOD MORNING!!! GO FOLLOW AKA LIL MO,1 of the DOPEST . U heard him on songs with @
thanks . What time?
looking forward to seeing the lovely this evening to talk about opening in #dc soon!
will CJ help the gimp make pizza? Get it ready, baseball is back!
got Stafford, but with his questional health is it a good bed to throw A.Smith (SF) in as a starter and bench The Staff?
Terelnisha's still around!?
Lets face it. You can't replace it
New! Introducing Happy Hour at The Local Vine in University Village. Every day 3-5pm. Be happy!
haha somehow that actually made me literally laugh out loud
Prepped breakfast, packed lunch, planned dinner. Tomorrow is tracked. #100ozchallenge complete. Ready for bed by 10:30.
So true. What an incredible voice and energy she had. Very Sad. So sad for her daughter.
I've heard that MKE thinks is wise. But can she figure out the password to #CovertTU?
Hello Palm Springs.
What's up everyone? It's finally friday! Who's ready to party?
My family is fighting over MY child support money.... Wow and not over me! Life...
No matter how hard your life can get, we always have that one friend we can act stupid with :)
4. DO NOT consent to a search of your person, vehicle, residence, business or property/belongings. Defend these rights verbally only
The gamertag was Mo0se OuTlaw thats not how it looks you just request Chloe Moretz bio says add my original gt etc and its fake
Headlines on : "WARNING: Twitter Phishing Scam Spreads by Direct Messages" & "Twitter Now Lets "X Factor" Viewers Vote via DMs."
How can you miss the extra point after all the field goals...
Mom's comments don't matter--not evidence. She must stay visible. She is the face and voice for
I love lifetime
fyi, had nothing to do with this.
it came! (actually it came days ago, but I was not informed)...what is your deadline for wednesday submissions?
can you plz get me more followers ??? i just followed you can you follow me bakk plz
I love the Sting likeness. Ugh. Yes.
Sunday is Mother's Day. Save a pepper for her.
s/o to my new followers
Beaker did that until he got his wife. Now he doesnt want to take house flights to be with us because she wont
Finally at the party. I should be able to have a drink within the hour!
S/o to look forward to working w/ u love :)
who's weird?
Psyched for this panel. Non-consumptive uses so fascinating, fun, and shouldn't require permission.
No, I've got a conflict with my office hours today. I know we were going to meet and I thought I would be there earlier!!
haha i'll be in indy.. going to the track saturday morning, but next week for sure !!
LOL, im not sure.
Work really hard. Stay really patient. Empathize.
lol you think that's funny, but you that's some serious ish right there
really like this check in, CB. happy belated :)
Awesome interview! Congrats on the Kickstarter campaign!
haha! Who taught you about him?
You me at six.
don't worry there's always next time!! :-)
"Ignorance never settles the question."<-- that's what my fortune cookie saidC:
It should be illegal to be in school when it's this nice.
#powerofwork Mayor Hancock totally gets the challenge education faces in CO. Proud he supports our literacy bill.
#Virgos is easily embarrassed, nervously romantic, wary of their partner's experience, slow on the uptake & Would sweep u off ur feet.
come on promote me please <3
OMG, I love it when someone tells me, u look pretty ;)...and he said I look pretty..yaaay, am not being silly right? :$
same haha for like one day (;
follow me on get glue Please
Best news I've heard all day!! RT : What you call 8:00, we call home. Community returns to Thursday nights on March 15th.
I hate essays for English!!!
Who wants to swap their Large #flyingpirate t-shirt for my XL?
lol, do you use a lot of post-its?
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto. - W. Clement Stone
U know how I like my music? FAST! Thx 4 the follow! We hope u have chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl! Best & Success!
Lunch time at #sjctie Great list of afternoon sessions in store. LinkedIn, portfolios, wikis, mobile note taking, Blackboard.
OK. I'm finally watching season one of "Stella." Insert you either shaking a finger or nodding knowingly here. I'll take wry smiling too.
you would! What are we gonna do with you lol
I take naps way too much. It ruins my sleep at night.
follow he got that Fire don't hate support the movement give much support for the big bruh!!!!
hahaha I think you just stumbled across the Herald's new side venture
you should check out musicmatrix.com... you could have remixed jae millz green goblin... legggoooo
I am just getting more and more pissed at FaceFuck.They already have all my info all my photos.Just let me use my fucking account
the birthday is tomorrow.
forget the Dutch Manual; today's archivists eat Dutch babies. With lemon & sugar.
Oh my you tweeted! Such a grown-up. Miss you Fina!
Well, now were in the heat of it! 1100 peeps in a 10 ft coridor!
Never thought I would actually get pissed watching womens soccer...until today
WOW!!! What a comeback by Dallas!!!
hates Wisconsin sports.
College is like a woman, You work so hard to get in and nine months later you wish you'd never come.
Actually, we'll be busy with happy couples tonight, but we'll still have room for walk-ins! Enjoy r fabulous lounge-short wait!
What exactly have I been recruited to?
Behold, I do not give lectures or a little charity, when I give I give myself. – Walt Whitman
#happy your Dreams are coming true, but Always remember where you came from, Stay grounded, and dont become a major Diva <3 U.
I was at the earlier today with and the whole family. Had a great time.
I guess the "Fat Toad" has croaked.
What do you give the person who is richer than scrooge mcduck?
it's my birthday can I get a happy birthday please? ❤
Inspiring newsroom visit today with Bob Freeman of the state Committee on Open Government. If only more officials would heed his words.
hahaha XD Merrrr is also a good word o.o
You just noticed?
oh i must have missed something i didnt think the headline was "Top 10 Restaurants for Snobs"
adorable like always :)
go check out ! I sent you an email about us! Friends with Steve Bunker
his games for his 3ds he is so xcited
It would be pouring outside ☔☁
I b quiet but when he leave I b talking again.. Lol
what. facebook has 'trending articles' ? dafuq is this?
I just teared up. I can't WAIT for this weekend. ONE MORE DAY!
I love my big sister and my big brother and nephews and niece and mi madre y mi padre!
Spinach is a heart-healthy food! An outstanding source of vitamins A & C which are antioxidants that help reduce free radicals in your body.
I finished reading the PLL series in less than 2 weeks. What the heck am i supposed to do til January when the show comes back on?!
There is currently a snoring competition going on between and Mingus.
LOL :-) Happy Friday. #ff to an awesome Diane who runs back to back marathons and qualifies for Boston!!
#2011musictaughtme that boyfriends can be compared to aliens.
Keep on rockin' in the free world.
Oh ma god labor day weekend already?!
Yes! Got my bike checked out and everything!
god damn lmao
rock band 2 time!
"Electric Relaxation" plays in my head every time it rains in NYC! Thanks #ATCQ ( & )
#np I farted on santa's lap by small children
are you kidding? What happened?
Yeah me too
Do you own it? Or an affiliate?
i dont like when fans do that.Yeah i get it that your jealous,but u dont need to hate just bcuz u r.They still love you too
Thanks Google Apps Mail for the new format for contacts!
OK #Packer and dance fans! five minutes until on
get all your friends to vote! :)
Billsfans? “: Watching TJ Graham. I'm amazed he went so early. Strictly a stretch-the-field 4 or 5 receiver w return skills.”
Props to #JeredWeaver for the
Watching a movie with my beautiful daughter, Abby!
haha good call on that one. Such a good song!
G. Dep Sentenced: Rapper Gets 15 Years to Life for 1993 Shooting
prayers from here for speedy recovery
I've probably never been this hungry in my life
lol, u silly..
I heard you say "You Sucked" meaning that night, not "you suck!" BIG difference!You earned the right 2 judge this show, BIGUPS!
Heard them at UCSD-- too depressing! Len Downie thinks its okay for journalists to be roadkill.
has great taste in music! Thanks for sharing!
I had the pineapple Chobani this morning! I loved it! You called it!
Does the guy from Eli Young look like a fat a steve holy?! # ACMs
I realize in not ur type so y settle for less
we got them no problem but y'all better pray y'all get to the second round
RIP any chance of seeing Incubus... I think I'm gonna bury myself in cats that day. Even cats won't cover up the agony.
Eagle scout to me earlier in offseason when I suggested Bell solid all-around 'Where did you hear that!' Can't cover
PLEASE follow me!!!(:
RT : Brunch is on until 2 p.m.! Homemade food, bloody marys and specialty mimosas!
Cute girl gives me a look. We meet eyes as she leaves. She looks back to see me looking. We smile.
celebrates the birthday of Charles Ives!
Never blame any day in your life. Good days give you happiness, bad days give you experience. Worst days give you a lesson.
“: This year's Games 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 all scheduled for same dates as corresponding games in 1994 ECF between Devils and Rangers.”
Way too long of a day.
This neighborhood always smells like dollar store pine sol
We'll be turning off lights & AC and turning on the tiki torches. What are your #Earth Hour Plans?
Hey boo we playin the shoot by ear due to thunder storms and shit.. RT : hey
The good life, as I conceive it, is a happy life
amen! Makes my heart heavy..
My words can be a bit harsh
Just saw the infomercial for "Miracle Socks", I'm sorry but those look like grandma knee-hi's!!! Lol. Try again marketing team! Lmao
Might be unmanly, but it'd be the better choice. :)
Thinking about jay today !
Chipper Jones retiring after 2012!! Chipper Jones is one of my favorite baseball players and the MLB will not be the same with out him.
You were at the Grammy's 10 years ago?! Um, details!
wanna pick me up at 715 outside lubar? My phone died
Nothing beats a custard filled maple bar
:-) Happi today is monday hope my week go well.
Sneaking food into the movie theatre, $3 for a bag of skittles my ass.
#breakfast most important meal of da day!
If Sid Crosby had been in Zetterberg's place at the end of game 1, would Weber have gotten away w/ a fine? Of course not.
You probably won't see this but " I love you so much I would do anything to see u but sadly right now I can't" follow me plz :)
They're cummfy! And warm...
nigga u got a problem with me now for pushin aundra..u dont push a girl nigga that sum bitch ass move
what track?
Sleep is overrated anyways
Just finished changing yeehaw.
lmao! Yes on the way to avis before mobile
watching #AustinandAlly and lying on my bed.. chillin' #goodnight to all! haha
Follow the Milwaukee Zetas! !
One of those things where media criticism only compounds the problem. Staying quiet.
Walking around SF, was reminded about a certain something I don't see as much walking around NYC.
Poll Results for who will win a championship first, Lakers or Heat: LAKERS 61%, HEAT 38% OTHER 1% - What do u think of the results?
wasnt on yesterday but Happy Bday Ray Ray .! : )) hope u had fun .!
If once upon a time I wanted your attention & you didn't give it to me, now I most likely do not find you a bit intriguing.
Thanks you too. I love how the NIke app Cheers you on when people like your "I'm on a run!" post on Facebook. Super fun.
Diet tip: Kids love it, so give it a try. Peanut butter stuffed into celery is a fat buster. *Celeb bdays daily! Reply PARTY
iPad Renews Tablet Dominance as Kindle Fire Sales Drop Like a Rock
FTCH all hits on the ask, pretty solid news....
Tonight: Pancetta and chorizo sausage with shelling beans, mustard greens and rosemary. Yum.
Nuked my #mlanet12 calendar and rebuilding yet again. Factoring in time zones.
Does anyone else hate the Ricky Smiley show? -_-
that'd be great if you could make it to a Wed. workshop. We'd love to test out a Nasty Clamp on our live video production
“: It's like I want you to know, but I don't want to tell you. #ohteenquotes”
yup but it finishes at 1030. It's new on Monday's
It's so strange that I'm used to walking around a campus that I didn't attend. At #UH again.
Leandro uses every aspect of that glass lol
and is my new twitter. Follow me there.
I love your tweets haha I can always relate!
Happy Birthday to a big supporter of , Mr. himself! :) Show some love, peeps
Faired DUNK was OFF THE CHAIN #manimal!!!
We are living proof that humanity has a right to choose.
My feeling about Republicans is they probably spent yesterday complaining about how it's okay to celebrate MLK day, but not pray in school.
thanks for the info and for finding the bug! want a job? ;)
A nigga loves his sleep!!
Wednesday, almost the weekend! Maybe buying new rims? Hmm
good. Be sure to sit through the credits.
Word magicians! Instead of pulling bunnies out of hats, writers pull out great novels. Bunnies are much less work. :)
My generation's economic goals are: "fuck bitches get money."
i be pumpin pussy like gas nigga
just to be on the safe side
same here<3 I<3how he doesn't give a flying Shizz what haters say.I no it probably hurts him but he ignores it
When keepin it real goes wrong lol
supposably if someone is talking to the other twin about you bad or good your ears make a ring noise
haha good night man. :)
Happy Valentine's Day!! "All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love." --Tolstoy.
I wish I had cool folks like you and to listen to my rants on a beach while drinking Margharitas :-)))
Feels like I'm falling in love alone.
Exciting happenings trending at HGI - #health; #wellness; #entertainment; #automotive; #nuclear energy.
my pleasure - you too! =)
Back to work after an inspiring library conf. Good results from last weeks work. Hope everyone has a gratitude moment today. Find yours
i always feel bad for the cameraperson “: why do people watch golf?”
I am only good at French words we have in English :(
I vote yes! #ReidBill is making me cross-eyed.
not really. Working on a condo project, need a few mason jars and maybe a couple of spring "brights" in apparel 4 me.
#AGBT We just had lunch with the fine people at Afternoon session of Genomic studies. Right now " Sequencing 1000s of Genomes"
aok i will say to she XD
9 hours until I'm 21!!!
quote from NARIP Music Supervisor Session on intensity of her job: a 2-min trailer might have up to 40-50 music elements
Morning Dave!! On that #successgrind (w/ coffee) RT : It's 7:30 am and is in full grind already!
u realize how stupid it looks when some1 who has never served uses military terms?
My grandma has past away this morning :( I just realized it is Friday the 13th! U will be in my thoughts always! I love you so much
So anyway. That's enough.
Before Palin was nom. for VP I said her backers don't understand the Heartbeat Test. (Hint: She didn't pass. Neither does #Rubio.)
If I take one that would even remotely pass as adorable I'll post it.
I think waiting is prudent. Are there rental markets up there? That might be a good short term solution.
In a briefing about global vaccines, Peg Willingham of tells us her brother-in-law died of chicken pox in February. Horrifying
yeah my sign lies to me a lot. ugh this zit is filled with puss and if i pop it, itll explode like like like a volcano!!
So sick, tired & fucking done with people. I'm moving on.
this SATURDAY AT 6:30 meet in front of Phillips for the official Wooden Teeth field trip hangout fun time event at
Johnny's Hideaway Sunday Night Live Butch & the Buckheads starts at 8:30 cover $5! Don't forget to see Tinsel for your free shooter
Thanks for sharing our content. Great to see SMBs getting benefits from different channels.
I either need to not care as much, or need friends who care more... My phone has been silent for 3 days, though my irl social life is better
ESPN's hiring of Brad Daugherty to gain more black NASCAR fans doesn't seem to be working.
Hat trick Carter!!!
still a light that shines on me shine until tomorrow Let it be love this song drinking coffee still ..bout to feed german sheps bb
Just saw/participated in the walking shadow theater companies new work, "saboteur". It was awesome! Go check it out for sure!
Already baby ;).
It's unique! BUT it sounds like a cat name! Lol!!
If you're networking in the same circles over and over again, then that's how far you will go. Think outside of your circumference.
oh it's fine :) i've been busy too!
Its my #Passion.....dat goes without even sayin!!!!
See you then my crazy little black man! :P
I wanna get pregnant from Justin lol
RT : heard i missed one of the best.....next time round homie
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 7
MUSCLE MILK!!!!
“: why do you never play it dick face!” I'll play it, you sing it !
San Diego prep star, controversial star Ricky Williams retiring from NFL.
Are you objecting against it being a goal though??
going to the mall to get a new phone :D
Europe's woes hit global demand for luxury homes
WE ARE TALKING ABOUT THIS NOW IN IRC! WHERE ARE YOU?
you had a great weekend, Sis!
The weekend has arrived which means it's time for #happyhour--$2 Peronis, $3 House Wines, $4 Frigos. Meet you at the bar!
I thought you were further north than that.
how much spam can they push through this thing? yikes!
mine are 8.30. And I am heavily involved. Hindsight being 20/20 I would have done it differently. Been tougher
>.< I KNOW RIGHT! RT white penis looks scary
Merry Christmas from Those Guys.
hope it's a great day!
our pick #FOGC is up 50% on 243m vol
I believe u smdh :-)
Sicklerville, I think? Horrible name for a place if you ask me. ;)
A great relationship is based on two main principles. First, appreciate your similarities and second, respect your differences
Ion smoke none but mojo now lol..
reminder to every one september 3rd free show in chicago: they are playing symphony for dolphin and duck!
About to dye my hair for the first time ever ...... AH!!!! Wish me luck
Gonna be in one bad fucking mood for the foreseeable future. Have fun on he links
I love that I was 's first tweet today. :))
Tonight's medium of choice: #lace. Any tips appreciated!
when will the nexus2 expansion link be ready? i need to buy those sounds
follow me luv. new page
It is beautiful out!
In the middle of a QA process. God knows I love QA!
Im doing me dia time around
yeah graduating this year (: my brother is a freshman at el rancho
Visit May-June and purchase an #Alpenrose milkshake and a percentage of the sales go to !
Doing the "Don't Break The Chain" project :D
I miss YOUR beautiful face baby!
aw #stonerkarmareps = no search results :(
Have to make a stop-by at Ballard to oversee some work with the boss no more than later -.-
Will it still be over if Newt's sugar daddy doesn't think so?
You look like josh franceschi... well fit darl ;)
Opening: None, Continuing: Oscar Shorts, The Artist, A Dangerous Method, The Descendants, Albert Nobbs
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning! Thanks!
I wish I lived in the UK, so I could go to and get the 1D shake. :)
want to share an online community for parents of children with autism. Parent process groups online! www.nourishedfamilys.com
Opening day! Go Phils!
Structure and order promotes the flow of life.
lmao! Yupp! That's what it's known for . ! It's like walking into little Havana.
Complaining is good for you as long as you're not complaining to the person you're complaining about
I don't give her the time that she deserves from me...
Ok. I'm a bit slow to using this but finally figured out that Command+[ or ] moves fwrd/back in Finder screen Yea. #dzntip for #macosx!
wow sorry to hear that. I know that's sucks can't have no free time. What kind job u work for?
Michigan Wolverines ‘M Michigan ’ Toe Ring – Sterling Silver Jewelry
I just found out that I have an alter ego, and she is a Supa Bad Bad Bitch, I need a name for her....
Not gonna let this dumb drama get to me and ruin my Spring Break! Just gonna ignore it from now on :)
Off the Record in studio now! About to perform now on
O BLOCK !
JOBS Act and Instagram Deal to Stimulate Tech M&A?
#health2con At some point they will care - having a family, dealing with ailing parents/self in later stages of life...
get me your resume fool!
we'd be honored to have you and your talent here in the
These refs suck!!! UK should be up 25 at least!
People are amazingly social & are more influenced by their connection with other people. -
Thank you!
you're right its gonna have to happen eventually might as well get the practice now.
never gonna goat you up, never gonna goat you down..
Hopes everyone has had a lovely Earth Day!
Thx : Ctr for Urban Future found 20% of Pratt/Parsons/SVA grads started new businesses, far more than NYC’s top science orgs.
The Indians say theyre in their infancy stage with social media
Off to the Pabst to learn about Non-profit board involvement at #ypweek!
A: It's true that is skewed young, but there are more adjust professors & librarians than you'd get at most conferences
hey homie my bad I didn't see yo tweet friday ; ) how u been homie?
better be ready for the hurricane on Sunday. Owls will be everywhere you turn.
POTUS has done his job, provide the lead, now Progressives it's our turn, set NOV. 6 on your calendar, register and then VOTE!
now you can have your mobile payments AND eat your too!
it's AMAZING!!(: and welcome!!(; <3333
ohh stop :):) save your pennies and come visit mee then we can have marg's by the pool
I would gladly diss all those things with you, except for beer. I love beer. The rest are wholly overrated.
I never know how to respond to you...
I will buy you 5 paninis a semester if you manage my financial account
I need to make this my new mantra ;) RT: "Done is better than perfect."
Favorite car? Too many 2 list: Camaro ZL1, Military tribute, Transformer SS, Classics in the back, Toyota trucks, more ....
talking to Emilee always makes me feel better(:
Have a great weekend!! :-)
Conversations that break my heart: Mom, dazed and confused in hospital: "It's a beautiful day today. Did that make sense, what I just said?"
The above the influence commercials are gay. I guarantee no body watches those and says 'wow I'm never going to smoke or drink now'
okay bitch I work and check how long I been memeber stupid hoe!!!!
Um.... #ILoveCoffee :) Who wants to plan the next #HappyHour?
So chin up and we'll drown a little slower.
hey Yaron, thank you for following us, Uri Akler
THE NEW YEAR IS ALMOST HERE!!! 2010 HERE I COME!! NEW YEAR AND A NEW BEGINNING!!
Just 24 hours left
right back at ya ;)
Who saw me last night @ #miller park? I'm promoting the Green Week! I've got a "Prince" of an energy efficiency program for ya!
Na I ain't on no fat shit im just hungry
yes. On a mission to find you, actually!
Ah Monday. Way to remind me that I'm not qualified to be my own IT department. :(
Thanks for the update Microsoft, now my Xbox is all buggy.
If my tweet falls on twitter and nobody hears it, does it make a sound?
“Spanish developers built on land not properly zoned, sell; later, the regional govt would say, 'This is illegal. Bulldoze the homes now.’
In honor of MCA i will be cooking mash potatos, cooling them, and then promptly dipping my balls in them! # MCA # RIP
now what i look like if it aint money i dnt look right
I feel that!
When sick, it's seeing evil get its ass kicked, because anything else is too complicated while on antihistamines.
me too man!
you're going back to cv? :(
Can't tell if this ratings beef between and is real or in jest....
So, turns out my Wolof is better than I thought...
On Mother's Day,I'd like to celebrate our sitter,
Step up dt
Rolle contract signed and sealed with Eagles RT : Lets go.Thanks to Andy and Nate at Players Rep.Now I can get to work
Okay, seeing Carrie the musical tonight. You're gonna laugh at me, aren't you?
Natalies comment from made my day "Gosh, I just love reading your blog. You crack me up, and make me feel SO normal. Haha!"
mo but I would like too, thay sound interesting. Have you?
The first and largest internet station is CyberStationUSA.com. If you are interested forward me your email.
#eastafrica #foodcrisis to speak about global food systems and her new endeavor,the 30 project, this fall
Happy Easter to everyone whether that's your thing or not. Just be nice for once today. How's that?
Me: So yeah. My sister: Oh, sorry, I wasn't paying attention. I was too busy staring at my cookie. BEST EXCUSE EVER.
New True Blood panel videos coming soon.
The long & winding road...probably a few months...fair warning ;-)
we should all be as zen as Abbey!
Not sure if it makes up for them double booking my seat and sticking me in a middle seat
is getting pretty creative with their #mothpickuplines We like: I'd like to be in the middle of your beginning and end.
I like dressing up
I'm a real big fan of yours but I'm quite the joke to you.
#WorstRapLineEver You a stupid hoe, you a, you a stupid hoe
But here's my number, so call me maybe.
“: Pitt: "universities mentioned teaching almost last on their 'wish lists' for phd grads" #QPR2012 #phdchat”/I'm screwed...
God answered my prayer - told you.
Happy Friday new followers!
I always have a cold during istep.
look forward to working with u
I'm off to work on my solo show with
Oh it's official, because we say so.
Shot me out of the sky.
Sounds like an awesome day! Also, we have $10 off all wine tonight, as an added #winewednesday bonus.
It's so damn hot. Milk was a bad choice. But these short shorts and nipple tassels weren't. What?.
Not an artist? Be part of ArtWalk as a volunteer! Volunteer forms available at www.ghartwalk.com
If someones gonna talk about you and they are a loser then why the fuck would you let it phase you?
Fat white girl in a "hunger games" shirt spotted.
Apparently some people find other things more important than taking their turn in WWF? Is there something wrong with me? (rhetorical)
Coolest thing about tomorrow is This, My Vendetta @ The Clubhouse..
Muddy Waters playlist
I think Lee is confused and just wants to hang out wearing kilts.
Day two of the iPhone and I dropped it. This may be a long two years.
Wow. The new Hospital is incredible! Great addition to the Streeterville medical community.
Today is the monthly Stone Hill planning meeting for Necronomicon. Will report in later if there’s anything new and exciting.
Our special teams r special
Ive been stood up again havent i?
Guess what song: Baby i just dont get it? Do you enjoy being hurt? I know you smell the perfume. The makeup on his shirt.(:
Sad sign of the times for lots of us. Inventive cuisine is unfortunately going to suffer while chains & fast food survive
vegetable garden honorable mention goes to a lady that i see almost everyday on my way home from work by davenport! north newark reppin
SQUEEP! That was awesome :)
Chris Rock brings the funny!
Just like Tampa Bay Rays with Johnny Drama "Victory" and Phillies with the light up bell and fireworks. Nats ChiSox also do fireworks.
I'm totally gonna put some up on the blog soon!
4 hours away from our Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra live broadcast!!!
aw damnit! That sounds amazing! Like mind blasting! Oh wait thats Russel Peters joke.
Just found a box of cassingles at my moms house. Who remembers those?!
Lord help me Jesus, I'm bout to run my car right through K-mart!
RIP Maurice Sendak; we'll miss you! "Fuck them is what I say. I hate those ebooks. They cannot be the future!"
Practiced "Hugging Pendulum" tonight and the wraparound kick has killed my hip flexors.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
you getting the 12's nigga ?
If you have a choice to do something and don't want to do it, then don't. And if you choose to, don't have an attitude about it.
Oh, good! You're going to love them. Let me know what you think.
"Damn girl those some nice toes"
Are you sick and tired of not know what you do not know about "The Business of Medicine"
yea I was. But if you saw the first quarter that wasn't me
Oh, this is my step ladder. My...my real ladder left when I was only 5.
-- Just terrible. Seau had a strong relationship w team, players, coaches and fans when he finished career in NE. Sad
My chihuahua pooping in the car this AM may be a sign of good luck - I got cast in a lead role for an indie film!
Maybe! Stay tuned :) cc
#scdebate, golden rule would not save the people that went to work with their pens in their pocket to make a living for their famil
we tried a new Italian place by CSUS
“We are continually faced with great opportunities which are brilliantly disguised as unsolvable problems.”-- Margaret Mead
Anybody following the NBA playoffs? Who's your Team? or is this not your event? Have a Great Day!
Breakfast for dinner tonight! Select from a few of our day-time favorites.
Cool...hope you are not having to fight for a seat!
what? You don't save stuff for me anymore???!!!!!
what the H does #donalddriver have to do to get a GD ten around this palce? #DWTS. give that man A TEN! and lets get married #donalddriver:)
My mother just paused our call so she can take a pic of her outfit...she too much for me
Looking forward to it! I'm so ready to get back out there.
Old school hip-hop >>>>> the real shitt:)
when judging hour comes,I always bring up something Harry did to make myself look good.
so many funny people on twitter tonight lol
Just got my new Evo 3D
Down with Comcast! Down with Comcast! Direct TV here I come unless my demands are met! Who wants their referral bonus $$ from Direct TV?
Who gets out of their car after they forgot that it's still in drive? does. -____-
where do you see Weeks in the batting lineup once the season starts? 25+ HR's seems a waste at leadoff.
MillionCorner: #Blackmark-it, a #Groupon like website, highlighting businesses in Chicago's black communities
Depends... : I was wondering.. If I got killed by car accident what would my friends feel like?
What if we judged ourselves by what we do in our free time?
You know it's a good day when you have a sing-a-long with your little sister on the phone!!
HUGE game from Withey tonight.
Great good luck with sales :)
It's amazing what our food has in it....or lacks, that we need. Have you seen the documentary on Codex Alimentarius?
Beer on the patio and BBQ, yes please!
Watching twilight zone with my mom.
hahahahha yeeeaaah we love each other with our fists hahah kidding
awesome day so far
Yayy about go eat some chicken walk-a-fella 's!
Don't let that get in the way of you enjoying ur Sunday.
haha we just got out of the pool a little earlier. #CrazyHair :)
Happy 16th Birthday!!!!!!
Oh, it could happen. I'm a book and a half behind, but I'll probably catch up between now and then. & watch the show.
I can't make up my mind what to do in the morning !
nah... You don't wanna ride, you wanna get rich & hide!!!
Wow, #HolographicTupac is kind of creepy yet super cool!...#MJFam! Time to request #HolographicMichaelJackson! YES!! Bring back REAL music!
AFRICAN AMERICAN BROTHRS .....pull your pants up and make christ your roll model not rappers. Take it from me.
Pussy niggas fold under pressure -- USUAL.
You paying compliments too late that's why I'm overdue! I'm twice the man you are I gotta in that's double U!
Holy shredded leg/shoulders batman, for a chick who makes swim workouts on the fly, I'm doing something right.
Wow congrats!!! I bet you love it! I definetly will, maybe taking a trip this summer :)
and not an "I will do it for you unless you don't do it for me" kind of attitude
I celebrated Cinco De Mayo today by eating a Mexican salad on the Promenade. Yay, culture! Happy CDM.
Dr. Phil? I guess he needs the ratings!
now it's not just the #COsunshine it's my boss tempting me too! 2PM
Good point! The Fisher-king, so to speak- obvious absurdities aside, not the worst kind of Fish here...
"just getting to the House"and bout to strt washing
Oh! That sounds like so much fun! Enjoy.
California first-time homebuyers - Call Mountain Trust Mortgage for details regarding the CalHFA FHA Home Loan program: (858) 376-1299
In Syracuse for the day - some training in one of your products
Yes, cuz I prefer to HELP my fellow man, not contribute to the downfall of Western Civilization, which I suspect u r involved in.
I know i'll never get my hair as curly and as beautiful as urs :) But what will make me happy would be a follow back :)
oh true tht you got dat rite there not going to lay a hand on them
If u really have a problem with me then atleast tell me? # annoying
Im sure he's talking about back-to-back national championships?
woke up listen to that nigga 2pac........
Do you mean sponsor or pusher? (fingers crossed for the latter)
Awesome! Happy election eve! A little Tears for Fears to get us through Election Night.
I ain't fuckin wit club boomerang no more pimp smh
They were toffee and chocolate chip. So good !
Post pics of your makeover!
OMG. I'm missing the Twilight premiere airing live on yahoo. I'm the worst person ever.
I will be joining on at 8:30am to chat Chili Brew 2 & #2012Polarplunge for
Word. RT : Stoked for SXSW. Love rock. Need warmth.
Shoutt out to the best looking and funniest guy on the planet !!! (: Hoping to get one back
yes, everybody i deal with could sign; also, it's apparently aimed at MBA students at school, not business people
still waiting for approval. We're doing cutting edge stuff w/ local data storage & it's slowed approval.
If anybody wants to hang later on me, I came out $12.50 ahead on my football betting this week. Just saying.
working on a student survival guide idea... let's see how this goes. yay
my liberal socialist heart is crumbling at the idea of working at J.P. Morgan but zoom into my empty wallet
sikkkee at least I know what the mcdonalds lady is saying
having a hard time watching the Lakers but came thru with pic of big bill Wennington
Did you totally love the ? We thought it was a stellar performance influenced by Whitney and the whole sitch
I can't believe they're back. Like my freaking body can't handle this.
anyway, Henwood basically said that his friend L. Proyect (a Castroist who hates Platypus) talked him out of it
My copy of Treasure Island was printed in 1950, and it was free when you bought a can of Folger's Coffee. Rock on.
thanks to auto tune
won't be able to lazy lois for a while.
I really need to stop biting my nails
great -- hope to see you next week! and thanks again for joining
i been using a backup phone the screen is broke tho. you must've text me?
Feelin lifes stress piling up. Only therapy that works is cranking up some #DISTURBED. Thanks & Your the best!
For the record, no one is to ever touch my batman sock, the came today
Let'em know 9th...they push play on this list and they will lose they mind
good luck!
Ok sickness you can go away now
Elektrolytes have a good shot at this thing. That was better than IaMmE, tbh... So amazing.
I remembered my password wa hoo I'm Twitting again!
: even BU's (enormous!) website is done entirely in WordPress.
Hey Brother, Im playing rumba in Berkeley till 6 on Sunday, when are you and Samba Rio going on? 4pm start... yea right! LOL
FOX 20 sold? Word has it that Bonten Media Group, owner of KRCR Channel 7, may be buying the Chico station.
could you follow me please
I miss you too :( Monday is almost here !!!!•
Thanks for the follow. We need more chief business officers and CIO's connecting on shared concerns.
any :p
Thank you! Yes, I will be at NEA in Providence next weekend. Hope to see you there! Fingers crossed for beautiful spring weather.
I wholeheartedly agree
was just thinkin about the big brothers commercial we shot w/ u at the GBHOF. lol poor kid was starstruck & u hyper
I was going with manly. But I see precious now. :)
are you kidding me? Shut up! :|
I wanna make you feel wanted. <33
girl u don't want it
What I've learned today. My final #mba ppr & preso need to be concise. Was told this during a meeting going into its 2nd hr.
Got an Our Lives In Motion drum cover almost uploaded now. Shit's gettin' real.
#retweet if you love playing a show every single night
ya 7alawaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa :D
#genomesolver #curenet breakout group on std assessment what exists and what do we need to build? how can we use curenet to get there ?
The booth is en route to #ASTD2012 #Denver. Looking forward to the high-energy event.
thanks for the retweet
<3 Don't waste your time giving someone a second chance, when there's someone better out there waiting for their first.
Nowak: The initial offer came out of the blue, we were not shopping Danny. Offer came after the Shalke game.
I know that success is a lot more than a great concept. It's timing too.
no just him. he was selfish, so thats why Dage was pissed about it.
Can Berkeley use your tweet in a promotion video we are producing?
Sounds great! Thx for thinking about my prep time for RCF. : )
In a world that's down & out
Totally. Famous.
you get your butt down here now! :)
LAST CHANCE to get the BUY ONE GET ONE FREE DEAL on your Kentucky Headhunters Tickets! That's 2 TICKETS FOR ONLY...
Due to the usual crap performance by the Washington Wizards and the emergence of Jeremy Lin, I'm officially a Knicks fan. #Linsanity indeed.
You Wanna Be With Someone Who Treats Youu With The Respect Youu Deserve!
I'm 36 years old and my 18 year old daughter called me old when did being in your mid 30s make u old wtf smh damm kids!
I am so out of shape. I need to start running more.lol
don't we have to?
nothing comes to a dreamer but "SLEEP"
We're hiring a part-time writer to assist with blogging and social media management - anyone? *Must be in the DC-VA-MD area.
What up homie!
I'm so fcking tired!, and my mom wont let me sleep. :(.
It doesn’t work to leap a twenty-foot chasm in two ten-foot jumps
Looking forward!
": oh hell. Was it ;*? Or ;F? Or just :)? Details! Did he use a condom???DETAILS" Haha this bitch...;)
just know that it's weird lol
After seeing #Barnard prez's giddy, fawning intro of Obama, feeling good about my daughter declining her acceptance there.
Stupid Jackyl-with-a-Y, now I can't spell the real word.
We have some exciting news to share... have to wait a little bit longer and it's killing us!
Speaking of Lincoln's birthday, how did you celebrate yesterday, the 203rd anniversary of his birth in Kentucky? -ZK
Its super nice out. What do do :3
I really like the new
Would you be interested in working with the social media department on upcoming video projects?
high Adam LeeAndEddie
RT “: The creation of a more peaceful and happier society has to begin from the level of the individual.” | Practice kindness.
of course :)
My favorite song has stayed the same going on three & a half years now,
Ugh ran out of toilet paper!!
My day today :D >
Hey there Shea! Thanks for the RT, hope all is well with you.
Today we participate in the guided tours at research and results trade show
Thanks Buddy! Have a Wonderful Friday :)
I have one! DM me your FT.
Congrats to Skip indeed! Thanks for all the work you do.
WHY what happened
Just tapped Ace Berry Cider.
May 1st already. Another month in the books. The year is flying by so fast. It will be October before we know it.
The last easter egg from the Avengers was THE BEST.
Meeting with Monika from Efficient Organizing for and cuz it's #moving and #organizing season in
RT So true...": 'Assessment should be driven by a need to know, not a need to do' #aacu12" --->Agreed!
I proud of u... Stay focused and good will come.. Believe me!!
#Fringe makes the week worth it. I need to think about something besides the Old South.
also are good to vibe on.
yep, back now!
It hurts a little when the editor send your chapter draft back 1000 words shorter. I guess I need to think more twitter & less War & Peace.
Happy kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Cute kitty, sleepy kitty, pur pur pur.
Sweet! Thank you very very much!
lol I didnt know you were referencing the song!!!
Hi everyone so what are you using for transportation? Jet ski, canoe, John boat??? Is it raining for tomorrow? www.hairinthecity.me
I'm still a bit confused, is the Flash faster than Superman or is Superman faster?
Happy Trustworthy Tuesday! This week, we thank for their commitment to ethics & integrity! They were accredited in 1993.
Practically all my tweets are subtweets. Oh whale. 🐳
Ah look who's on Twitter. . !! I'm not running her account or anything... definitely not.
Snuggling with the gf :-)
Believe believe believe!! Cant wait :)
What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?
Just ACED my ECON midterm!!!!
RT : Just finished the photoshoot for our Fall 1 look for the web.. you're gonna love it! Sneak peek to be posted soon xoxo
What stays the same? Gary finishing the book. He will become more active in getting his information out to the public about "The Real Cost …
#somebodytellmewhy , OR better yet HOW , you can leave a milk carton in the fridge knowing damn well aint no milk left!
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead is trending?
you're very welcome! looking forward to it.
In the grand scheme of things this is much more important than #midterms. Show #kony2012 your support.
I don't care how many times I've seen that movie, I view it like I have never seen it before. Love it!
... NO SADDLY SOME PEOPLE STILL CALL IT PLAYING HOUSE... EVEN MOST HUSBANDS TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIER WIVES...SAYING SO
Omg really? It's official, I'm going to start recording my life and sell it to MTV. Might as well make some money from the s* I get into LOL
Jon Jones is nice
yur willing to see me naked ? Lmao
Watching the original Halloween with val!
This just in...according to the White House Bulletin: New Home Sales Up 5.7% In September.
you miss us?
Soccer: Dempsey bides his time on new Fulham deal Fulham's leading goalscorer Clint Dempsey will wait until the end of the season before
Pancakes are just a vehicle for delicious sweets at breakfast.
hologram tupac has helped me to filter out friends via their hatsune miku references
Reality bites for the unprepared. Shorting and hedging your beta is ok.
Well that's bs..
looking for a fun place to take my teenage brother for dinner in chicago tonight. any ideas?
Big congrats to and for getting 3 stars!
Thanks guys! It went well and I didn't even have to suck back snot onstage!!
interesting article on tablets replacing txtbks! R u headed to #BbW12? Hope we can meet in person!
In the 27 hours since I finished grad school, I've been tipsy twice. LIVIN' THE DREAM!
on the other hand, is it possible that the existing vision isn't visible for any reason? Maybe abundance hides?
The pictures that Mama took of Austin, were priceless. <3
I am on the no call list but I get tons of political calls. Assholes - stop calling me!!!
hey!!!! Sorry I'm not on this all the time. I'm in la til tues ;) how r u? Love ur pic
My five year old daughter just told me the Grateful Dead was cool.
A Knight's Tale <333 HEATH LEDGER IS GOD.
Exactly - especially FB, Flickr...I feel more compelled to buy when I'm online & see whats in my friends photo's than in the mall!
why not? I haven't even started yet... Still early
Fork me while I'm searing hot so my juices can escape.
Cool - did they also call for an end to shooting rockets at Civilians in Israel? oh thats right - one-sided...
that's what's up you blown that medicinal out there? Ec straight just a lot of crazy shit goin on tho
Singing Old McDonald Had A Farm in a waiting room
we know, wish jake would have given gia the rose. could make things bumpy rt Jake and Gia of course !!!!
she was on 106 and park
First bin Laden, now Qaddafi. One heat-seeking missile while Boehner's at the tanning salon & problem solved.
that's correct, it'd the don't ask don't tell policy haha
I'm not a real nigga
- I just discovered Kickstarter the other day. I too would love to get "real people" feedback.
Meanwhile, you must be freaking out.
Hey we met you in Atlanta after your Salute to greatness award my wife and I performed for the afterparty.
You around to grab a beer tonight?!
Rooney Mara: The Girl With the Daring Red Carpet Style Cutouts have been huge this season, but we guess Rooney Mara already knew that! At
call me i am available
we usually bake our bacon in the oven, so it is somewhat less messy & smelly!
this is my part of me
Get some water! LOTS of it. :)
I have never finished the #WoT series. I should be ashamed of myself.
Week 1 fantasy team bust. I had the points on the bench!!
your style's fly n cute, Girl you lookin so good you get The Mile High Salute!!!
Thoose teachers that confuse you more when they try to explain something >>>>>
yep//“: Mike Gundy: "I think people need to decide whether they want to see a 9-6 game or a 39-36 game."”
Most people with good taste are young & poor.
Long hard day at work tonight, spend some quality time with my favorite guy
attack attack was so much better with austin...
Waiting as long as I can so the caff kicks in during night shift!
Probably not. The wife is off and I am poor!
...but the test pressing is not on swirl vinyl.
your toe is feeling lonely.......
Learn to appreciate what you HAVE...Before time forces you to appreciate what you HAD.
Beyonce graced the red carpet at last night 's Met Gala. In her only interview of the night, the newly-deemed most beaut
Goals for 2012: 1 Have fun with capitalization. 2 Send email to Obama administration in re: Dangerous Grout Mold.
ah makes sense. Hungarian is pretty difficult to make out. It's closest relative is Finnish I think
I'm thinking bots and stuff...I don't know
"we" in the generic sense. You're the rocket fuel, obviously.
Kucinich and Kaptur is like constipation and a shit.
So, I started watching Lost again... Never finished season two.
we go to Downtown location a lot because it is close. However, like the look and bar of Washington location.
Thanks for the RTs this morning!
Steve's been copying me for years. The iPod? My idea.
Awesome song! rocks! RT : LET IT GO by RT What song are you #NowPlaying?
Woo!!! my pizza is still not here! >:(
Silverbullet Dog Day Afternoon
Back from rochester
did u dye ur hair?
It appears the storm is finally here. I-70 just closed at Copper Mt up and over Vail Pass with multiple accidents.
psyched for you!
Thanks as always for listening :) We'll try to rave Atlanta up while we're there, I'll keep you posted!
She my dancer, when she dance I throw her dollas
I'm not talking 1st bell. That's when shit always happens
Yum! 4 shots of espresso is minimum for a functional a.m. @ my house, but not everyone's from Seattle & has caffeinated blood:)
Mid-term finished!
Followed! follow back please?:)
Hi Kurt! Did u attend Penn State in early 1980s?? I have a bet on this with my hubbie.
arw. He's such a cutie:)
Heading downtown? See Stephanie Marks, Holocaust survivor, share her story at the Main Library at 2pm. More info? 513-487-3055
Starting each Monday throughout the holidays, join us on #PrimeHolidays for trivia, contests and more!
Five on it Friday. Rawrr! Is tearing it up with
Thank you! I'll fix it right now.
The #WaronWomen is on ALL women, not just moms. Also: prostitutes, CEOs, athletes, students, inmates, etc. You can be different AND unified.
Eating at the delicious Blue Iguana in Salt Lake City. University press convention starts today!
Polyana n he said my gift sucks but forgive him it's not the movie it's the location Reseda 2 Red Line Arclight hum is MyStudio Open?
#OccupySeattle is making a lot of noise right now. Guest speaker seems to be getting the 99% all riled up chanting "We are the 99%".
Do not suppress it - that would hurt you inside. Do not express it - this would not only hurt you inside, it would cause ripples in your sur
I see, aano h'ya didto?
Santana dotson sighting.....who's next Sean Jones?
Man, THAT's a dawg!
omg my friend Alex is making me cry. she's leaving the shelter. she said thanks for being such a good partner :(
Thanks for connecting! Your tweets are interesting!
George Savile, Complete Works, 1912I cannot afford to waste my time making money
#StupidStereotypes Mexicans are lazy
We hope to see everyone tonight at meetings in Cavanaugh 003 @ 4:30pm....SEE YA THERE..
Blackman is seeking doc rev attys proficient in Korean for a Chicago project starting next week. Message me for an interview!
you should hate the ab workout's abs, not face
Tampa Bay leads Cleveland 14-7 with 5:23 left in the first.
If you liked the music in the movie The Fifth Element you will like my current project Coloratura. The Album release is April 26th.
I've hardly been on today i feel so out of place
Tell all your friends to add me so I can share the good news with them .
I totally agree!
This rainy weather makes me just want to sleep al the day. Who's with me!
Ugh you piss me off.
Drinkin Tips: If you drink enough, any pants can be pajama pants.
been a busy trek lately..week of springtraining #mlb, weekend+ hoops in NewOrleans #ncaa, gazing green in Augusta
When I'm intoxicated, I may not get all the spelling correct, but most of the time my grammar and punctuation is spot on.
thank you. We appreciate it
I'm hungry.-_- bad thing is I have no food or money on me.
the bomb dot com
I MISS YOU RIGHT BACK!!!!!
Sometimes, we dream of a land made entirely of pizza. Firm crust, luscious cheeses, and the freshest ingredients as far as the eye can see.
to marry julie you have to get in line jk hahah ;)
That is good to know... I was told to drop a leaf in a cup of tea, to sweeten it, but that is the only way I know to use it.
"Dreams don't chase themselves." contestant on The Voice
I like the didn't parade around after scoring his goal, celebrated with class, and then ran back to his side like he's done it b4.
break a leg! #GetIt!!!
some? I only see one.
Hey I live in Chicago, Where r u hanging out today!?!
Happy 420 Everybody!
Clue # 2: You'll find him sitting at the bar w/ the tix enjoying a WBC beer... perhaps in a cowboy hat? Stay tuned to find out where!
I love youu c:
Good video about social; curious why retweeted?
Hiding your emotions is the worst thing you can do. Expressing them to the right person at the right time might change everything.
taking the day off from rollercoasters to lounge poolside and watch basketball. tomorrow, we visit hogwarts.
So very dope! I was reminiscing bout red rocks 97 after the show when you asked me if I had a light,then we all got very baked :)
tera gold too Avenue and account for Guangzhou-Shenzhen ...
anybody wanna 2000 s/o tweet
I just can't imagine being me without you.
These Twizzlers are perfect right now! Thanks ! 😃😄
do you mean that Mad Dogs defeat the Outlaws?
don't forget to talk about how you are greening your #event to your attendees! let them know why it's important & your efforts
prove it lol ;)
ugh maybe she'll give us an extra day like the last time lol
really syd I am going to get u
THANK YOU for your continued support of and the crucial efforts to stop the evil acts of Joseph Kony.
How is visualizing Oz?
nice to have a new friend. :) hope you'll check out my vids!
OH: "Nobody wants a salad when they're drunk."
I think Sparks is in for future development.... Yes?
I did too!! Yep, gotta love them. x
Nipple suck=ten points hahahaha!!!!
Have you ever been afraid to hope because you did not want to be disappointed, again? Maybe six is the charm...
Tasty foods, bourbon, cola, #fruitninja , and . Close enough for me.
random but I met your twin on set the other day! You're prettier, of course, but she looked so much like you!!
This film hurts.
I HAVE A SHOW AT 12PM
US dials 911, Australia dials 000. What do other parts of the #world do to make #emergency calls? Doing some book research if anyone knows!
“: If Jordan and Dominique can compete why can't today's top stars compete?” NBA stars are too pre-madonna.
I ran 7 miles today... 7 MILES!!!
I'm done for
LMAO I'd have to give u directs to my face.
NYCers, this time it's for real, ok? Reading at Pete's Candy, 7pm.
Did everyone get the McDonald's promo tweet? WTF?
well princess is cuddling with me right now so she's not dead either.
I need to take my ass to sleep...guess Ill roll up
WEDNESDAY'S $HAKE UR NALGA$ CONTE$T CABARET Dj MANAGE & HOST PIG N DA MIX! 2FOR1 ANYTHING INCLUDING BUCKETS+$100 VIP BTL'S NO C ...
Stay on your grind I see you
Tweet me if you want me to post the link to the video from that picture in my last tweet.
Investigating that missing hour. As usual, we don't have any clue. If anybody has info, let us know, so we can take credit for finding it.
thanks! keep me posted on your resuts!
Man lesbians love pickles
lol! you are going to shit your pants when he signs!
Yea Bulls!
It Dont Matter Who You Are It Is So Simple A Feeling But Its Everything
Do all americans go to church or something on sundays..us brits just tend to munch on yorkshire puddings.
Rampant bongo players on the mall tonight. , please give them that park back, THIS is a disturbance!
Press Release
I just saw that you shot with Jenn Hoffman! I shot with her last weekend, and she is SICK'NING! You betta werk!
Fact: Chicken was created to have beer cans jammed in it rubbed with oil and spices then placed on Weber grills.
Work was funny AF
Insulting really hurts me. It's like your pouring salt on my cuts. :'(
will be keynote speaker at 's event "Creating Picture Books" on May 12th- if you're in the area, stop by!
Georgia women&#39;s tennis earns at-large bid, set to host NCAA ...
I'm tryna sleep, rayle' want 2 talk, she keep taking her pamper off & she moving all around n my bed, she bout 2 go n her play pin,
People connect with people, but the company brand brings in the people (both employees and customers)
Welcome to twitter! Thx for follow! Miss you.
LOL! Telling u -she was ready to get in the car (I'd say w/us), but it was cuz of him ha! :p RT got to watch those mickey d women!
I can think of a "real" reason for this and a "trolling" reason, and after consideration I like the trolling reason better
RT : customer received inquiry about home he posted and syndicated on within 6hr in CA. Fantastic Real Estate marketing
ah. I always thought it loosely translated to "holy shit"
i dont understand?
no u will lock yourself in a dark room and turn up a drake song really loud so nobody can hear u crying
Alright, I suppose I will take the words of advice I got from and go to bed. Goodnight, all! Sweet dreams.
Finna go to sleep, bye foreal •
just ranting about ranting..just stupid things ahhaah its not even really a rant.. hence the
damn.... make that a NEW laptop
O Yeaa I say 15 to 20 point win for us tonight
ya I better get going, we are doing fireworks ttyl k
FOLLOW ON TWITTER PLEASE. <3
anytime haha, just let me know! Come drive in for one
No joke, I know basically exactly where you are. I take that road going home to Buffalo most times.
oh.. then... did i tell u im seein him this saturday??
I disagree, Mrs Palumbo. Western KY is very European. Henderson almost has a Venice feel. Almost.
What up TPW noise performance on POLK and SUtter 730 SHarp
virgin is the only way to go.
“: the voice and X Factor will put it to rest soon #RIPIdol” well said!
Just got out of work. Spinning tonight at a sweet 16. Happy saturday people!
It's on! The wait is over!!! #Wrestlemania28 Rock vs Cena
Same here. Ice cream is my downfall.
starting to work out again today....
Did anyone else just see camera bombing ?
Ima watch my landlord's TV, play with their dogs, and use their Internet. While they are in the hospital having A BABY!!!!
“: This week need to go by quick. Ready for spring break with my bros ”
Almost everyday.
At the ING Marthon Health and Fitness Expo
I'm always sleepy when it's time to go to work.
I'm Gonna Go Play Basketball
Today was a GRAND day (:
Good Morning twitter followers! Beautiful day in sunny South Florida
Watching last nights episode of ABDC again!!
If I make a pro/con list of potential careers, is it appropriate to list how handsome I would be as a police officer?
Just took Emily to see Christmas Carol. Her arms were latched on to me the whole time.
Sorry I missed you. Yeah, we're open. We love donations of a couple bucks if you're going to eat (or bring beer).
That's when you're a real bike commuter... :) Went well, I hope?
William Vollmann's Imperial, at 1300 pages and $55 price tag, is excessive.
Got distracted watching tv. :P trying to get rid of me though? Haha
so i have a couple suggestions for the routine that will increase difficulty!
My son is so good with all this social networking stuff, Im the phone talking type
