i have court tomorrow and it pretty much sucks.
Don't miss the Padres Rally this weekend at the Otay Ranch Town Center; and stop by to check out our booth, we’ll be giving away goodies!
#RomanticHorseNames Lion Heart, Fran's Valentine
If WWE built some1 to take center stage at Wmania & put them under to Cena only to say "wait for the bigger picture" Id feel the same way
God's plan for us is often NOT what we expect. If we lived 2000 yrs ago, we may not have expected our "Savior" to be born in a barn
RT : Bostonians, go see Jane! RT : is here at 7pm with the debut of her new memoir, Double Time!
all the knicks fans i know are really just melo/ tyson fans. and i respect that. because im really just a lebron fan. but all you liars. smh
You must consistently work out to achieve your ultimate goal
Don't even joke...
ha! After three beers hoot becomes huit.
really if you want to fight im almost 17 you can fight me not a 14 year old when ur 17 and a fat b**** .
I love how Jason Whitlock's background says "White people think I'm racist". People who read your Lin tweet think that.
Been watching CSI. What a fun show. Not believable in any respect.
No sugar with homemade coconut milk added is how I drink coffee
happy birthday/feliz cumpleanos to to you jazzy jeef...may u have many more blessed ones..: )
This season is brutal! I love it.... Lol
Dang it,i forgot my youtube password and i just created it yesterday!!!:D
Lol really funny! I wish I got wrong number texts like that!!
I'll do a new one titties
Tell me about it. Imagine how us oldies feel.
People who smile a lot may be the ones who cry alone when no one is around.
Jeremy Lin is the biggest thing in NY since Kevin Maas
Okay day at work, and got to kick it with the Mista. Overall great day
My expectations couldn't possibly be higher.
feel better!
of course
Getting ready for the MRS Spring 2012! Attending the meeting? Stop by our booth :) visit our website to see all titles on display.
you're always welcome!
;-) how are you
In lunch listening once again to the funny thing dani, tony and Wally talk about :) aha funny friends
never!!!!!!! You're my one and only!
cant wait to see the liars kick butt!! :D
Yeah Baby ... reading that #AustinPowers 4 is in the works ...
Shout out to my twc peeps in marketing!! Nice cm
for some reason I want a nickname for myself and something bold and sexy:-)
Jared is going pro.. He announced it a couple weeks ago.
great work. Just watched it. A very strong message.
still hasn't noticed me!:'( -le cries-
please follow and let her know that i sent yu to follow her! she openend for cody nov. 19th 2011 and is amazing!
Just looked down and realized there's glitter all over me
Fade me so I know its real.
sonic ice is my favorite ice
I was gonna tweet a bit of lyrics from 'No Bullshit' but i thought that might be a little inappropriate...lol
just starting on twitter and glad i got "plaintxt" as a user name
Hey! We're looking for educators to test a new product development from DM or email for deets
If LA plays OKC, I'll be glad to put on a Lakers foam finger.
thank you for this tweet! #NoKidHungry!
Happy birthday, Kate Hudson!
its all thanks to Mr I am just a keeper of the karma
Nice meeting you at keep it that 100 ur whole career and ur gonna do it big bruh
Ha, yup. Its like a damn Home Depot in there.
damn... But in front of your casaa come on now you can't slip like dat unless das your own cribbo !! ;)
did you get #wordpress figured out?
will be at Red Eyes Coffee 4164 N Lincoln Ave tonight with Rep. Ann Williams from 6-8
Smh, I got three invites -_________- one balloon for each ;P ha, that would be funny.
Have a Happy Thanksgiving!
Listening to Bossie Father God I've been betrayed.. my favorite song..Free Bossie :)
I won't be able to see your blog tv for 2 weeks because I'm going on a trip .. Its really depressing :(
"you completely unscatter me." what a lovely sentiment!
getting stronger everyday!
Courage does not always roar. Sometimes it is a quiet voice at the end of the day, saying, "I will try again tomorrow." -Mary Anne Radmacher
Isn't it something the way that strong emotion usually brings out the best in inspiration & creativity!
this is me, except for three months running now, and the offending word is "digitization" instead of "subscription"
Ay, the things I learn on Twitter. :)
Grant with the Mammoth's 14th goal of the night. 14-12 with 721 left in regulation.
i wave my finger at pretty girls all day long
At least then after that she started eating light. Oh same here! As much as I eat, people would be worry. Lol!
I asked for coffee...15 minutes ago...when I just asked for a status update, he told me he was "pre-wetting the filter."
When are we ever gonna chill😔
Getting ready for our pingpong tourney... Bring it on !
Congrats for MVP!
Sweetheart lift your head high don't allow any man to step on your pride.
Yes...Come on down.
If you've got a kid that needs something to do this summer, come to the GVP CampFair @ Eastview Mall & let's talk
Oh No & - We finished Season 1 of Downton Abbey off Netflix! Do you watch is live or have super secret access?
Happy Father's Day to us dads!
NO HANDS
new design looks awesome! Two thumbs!!
Melias decent. Used to be a Renaissance. Area is kind of quiet/dead though. You may be better off staying in midtown.
New Jersey Drive soundtrack>>>>>>>>>
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right.
bab were gonna watch this! Your so funny man!
looks like you'll be opening up the #UM / #ULI real estate forum tmw. Good luck!
"Good nachos can be healthy!" by head chef/summer job in high school. Not be the best advice, but one I cling to the most :)
My little baby girl is doin' all sorts of baby talk now.......and she's sayin' DADA !!!!
Hey, instead of watching the wire, come on out to a real school and meet with kids and teachers? We are creating our story.
The tattoo artist called me hardcore because I fell asleep while getting my side done.
You are very welcome! :)
S/o to my nigga he in dis bitch to
Where did my Maybach go?
Lookin super adorable in my new outfit! :)
My English professor was introduced to the phrase "totes jelly" in class and is now using it consistently.
up to all #CraigFans...He's in the kitchen working on Kate's #birthdaycake. Photos of my #MetroCakeBaker 's progress to come today.
Getting pedis with my daughter then date night at Del Frisco's to celebrate 16th wedding anniversary.
No no no no worst episode ever like how can that happen she was suppose to be with Damon not Stephen ,I hate this
Dad: idk if that's cool anymore. Justin: we don't say cool we say coral
Massive lip syncing malfunction going on...
Not sure I feel any better having all this info re: #loubridge. Pretty sure I feel worse.
Today my husband sent me a pic of his aunt's newborn kittens and then told me I couldn't have one.
Welcome back to campus, Panthers! Who's excited about the spring 2012 semester?
Somedays I swear life is like a sitcom
Everyone keeps saying think outside the box but I didn't know there was a box
Hey there man, doing good. Trying to keep life fun and fruitful. Yourself?
RT : Lets not also forget that lGaddafi regime has killed thousands since 1969 coup.
I never wanted to debated you, or earn ur respect. I only wanted to tell u ur thoughts on the Gonzo matter were/are stupid
I'm probably going to sound dumb but Wth is a VOXER ?! Haha
are there any better alternatives for the online thing?
Really useful explanation and code examples, Bess!
I thought we were all working on fixing that by having everyone relocate to NYC?
...but the current LGBT debate among Christians is happening in largely digital texts. How will historians access & write about it in 2112?
ay you still gotta ear fetish???
Thank god #Wikipedia is back! Having to push ESC to access historical background info for Scott's Waverley was killing me.
She Like The Way....I Stay In A...#RalphLaurenCollar!!
"Tonight on #Conan, Apple chose my show to introduce their revolutionary new product to separate fools from their money"
font hate the player, hate my Rita's!
It's gonna be bad news for the bears Sunday.
I'm a sucker for mob wives. Very high brow.
a nigga gotta pay u 2 answer da phone
At the #idol watching party at the Tavern
What does it say about me that I have been with organizations that embraced 4 of the fads.
I think fb has a *very* different function than twitter.
Good Luck at School everyone!!!!!
Agreed. Thought you were a very believable War Horse. RT : For the 34th straight year I've been snubbed by Oscar.
I need a reliable seamstress or tailor in downtown Chicago - any recs?!?
In-N-Out in Santee vote from Santee City Council: 3-1 with Dale voting no
Argh! Had to look it up. Never seen "Gone in 60 Seconds!"
the portion of the male population actually having sex would appreciate it you stopped talking about this issue. Thanks
my dog is so confused by frogs. he'll stand there & bark at them until they move and he'll jump when they do. silly boy.
lol i'm not that funny i know, so wazzup? (:
doctor appointment, dentist appointment, eye doctor appointment z
Great networking event in downtown Indy tonight. Then at Kilroy's for drinks and their famous stuffed breadsticks. Delicious.
i bet snooki's favorite super hero is the hulk cause hes got dat giant pickle
What a wonderfulistic morning filled with glitter fairies and sparkling clouds! Good Morning Peeps! <3
and you ?
Give Your Heart a Break
Let's go! Got class right now but you know imma be streaming the game live
true story. Just a lazy mans drive.
Good morning beautiful people! Hope your day is filled with success and lots of determination!!
Peace out library. You're depressing on such a gorgeous day.
me either
Dropped triplets off for 4th grade field trip to find 3 luxury buses to drive them. Yellow school buses not good enough for 10 year olds?!
The comments by the creepers are the best
Kind of wondering how they decide the Oscar seating chart - must be a nightmare!
i like whatnot
m'gann cosplay is top-notch! right on.
aw! I'll miss you!
These hands are vicious, try me
. Im wearinq HOLLISTER' foe Easter w/ sum converse ! Yay!
Sorry!! Just followed. Hope you are having a good day!!
My diet starts today.
And you will never see another team work as hard as we will for the rest of my career!
#CountryIsBetterThanRap because the lyrics mean way more. And have other words besides nigga, bitch, and sex.
#nwpam11 sitting beside and simultaneously tweeting
Mahalo Mari! I love it! I will be getting off Internet in a little while and taking your sound advice! :)
I'll just say this; God bless moms.
Watching underworld awakening again:)
Oops, forgot to turn my swag off. My bad !
Pretty sure, when it comes to legs, Carrie Underwood is the Tina Turner of country music.
Grad school is giving me gray hairs. So I'll be a gray-haired lady just in time for becoming a librarian.
GM Tweetie-tadpoles, its time for you to grow and leap, or should i say hump into Wednesday. Be great in all you do. Blessings.
And David Cassidy is 61! Astonishing!
It's hilarious that Louisville/Indiana fans live vicariously thru UK. I guess you have to with only 7 championships COMBINED.
i cant wait to get all of this metal out of my mouth.
I WAS KILLING "TEMPLE RUN" TODAY! !!!!!
M homemade egg Mcmuffins! So much better than Mcdonalds!
A3 Also, in my communities, I like to highlight knowledgeable people. "I can't answer this, but so and so knows this subject"
So much love for 'john kramer' it's unreal..
its bad when the sound guy shuts off your mic and the guy who books the show turns off your amp.
#shithagansays I've never said reckon' before
hi all
Thanks for being part of making the Downtown Greenway Opening so special. Look forward to seeing you soon at Hand to Hand!!
Congrats to our new/old friends at : New name, new office, new awards! Proud to have developed their
I used to work for a stunt production company. That fight scene was lame.
thanks cookie! Love you! Make it a great day ;)
When and where? I'd love to come.
Have my tickets already for sky blue home game. Go sky blue!!!
A brand for a company is just like a reputation for any person. You gain name by attempting to do tough things effectively.
#iGetRealMadWhen you leave the toilet seat up!
RT I'm so ready for these opportunities to come a knocking.! Ready to peace out on Milwaukee.!!!
are they confusing you with someone's mom?
aw that sucks! Sucks living without a phone. :/
I'm a loser baby, so why don't you kill me? RT Soy un perdidor
Christopher Plummer about time
" #marypoppins is such a master manipulator" "it's called managing upwards" #disneysunday life lessons 4 #MtIda ladies
BREEZE 's Tonight with Carl Harper on the Covered Rooftop-Nice!!. Find your way there now for Happy Hour!!
Hell to the yeah!
iv followed u you since I was 10 now im 26 can u follw me this time ...lol whats good
hey are you in south beach tonight?
Lmao! " Fighting with Demi Haters makes me horny."
excellent - thanks! ha
Live is so good
hey what's up
Just went on a great casting hopefully the results will make me happy ;-)
Work hard now play hard later.....yeah ok
“The Sun never says to the Earth, “You owe me.” Look what happens with a love like that, it lights the whole sky.” -Hafiz
Memphis is No. 3 for highest airfares - Memphis Commercial Appeal
New fresh salads start today . There great!
I would love to see some #PigsInWigs!
The guy played 19 GAMES as a DI quarterback. 19. Is that a good sample size?
hey, i have as many followers as i do tweeted tweets! neato. it's my golden twitter birthday.
still holding at 13
Plus, would love to see the twitter battle between and
You know what kills me? Weapons.
thank you and same to you. The Sun will come out one day.
You are such a tweeter.
Bad.. meaning good.
wait lol how did u know my name is olivia?? #Creepin lol jk and u know my nick name lol
The Jackson 5 is on heavy rotation on my iPod. You have great taste in music. Thanks for the follow! :)
Have a great day at work.
thats what makes a market. we might both win, I am swinging
please follow me I love you!(:
you do! I just bought two new shirts, I love them! YES, next time! 😃
four shirts left of this printing! be the ones to order the last few! DM us if you want to know the available sizes/colors (:
completely agree :)
my hair color is fading fading awaay~
CA #Business face higher costs but have many benefits..2 biggest are skill of workforce, access to capital. #CABudget cuts are killing both.
This week is going by so slow.....
haha, okay. Sunday at 11 Pacific it is ^_^ Shoot me an email with your Skype screen name!
Ay, Dont It Seem Like Im Always There When It Matters But Missing Most Of The Other Time Is A Terrible Pattern
Thtmomentwhen u walk into the dentist and tht guy from public school just stares. U make it seem like youve nvr seen a private school person
dude you twitter more than anyone I know. What is it, like 30,000+ tweets. Lol
Amanda and I booked a commercial together, today! Very cool.
get ready for a cold front..it is only in the mid 50s in Chicago today...#comingyourway!
I don't know why but I love anchor tattoos.
I don't tweet like I used to, but when I do, I'm drinking a Dos Equis.
Hi Gabe - hoping to connect and discuss a speaking opportunity. Can you DM me an email address or phone #? - Trey
Super scary! Im hiding under my covers. RT : Ah San Francisco! This big thunder + lighting is scary. :/
RT : Static HTML gives you two options: what fans see, what potential fans see.
um, excuse you. i have other peeps.
Apparently my creative writing class liked my story.
Fitting for the Buffet Capital of the World LOL
Enjoyed your highly-nuanced analysis of Canadian football & health care this morning. Please repeat it for the Cablination.
not tonight girl! But have fun! I'll see u soon :)
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 261
The Age Discrimination in Employment Act says you can't discriminate against applicants or employees older than 40 because of their age
Happy Passover and Easter everyone. Hope you all had a great holiday.
Woo! Congrats! I can't wait to listen.
Great coverage of from ! Love the design from Sahco and Uppercase
Randall Cobb - quite impressive
Done and done!
Why does rain bring out the grumpy in people?!
I don't use swipe! I ain't about that life!
Is that right? I planned on going to that show. Don't have tix yet.
haha we're glad :)
congrats once again for winning Bay Area DMC...2012 is a big year for Sol Rising!
You're wrong. Painted finger nails are the best. The more colors I can wear on my body at once, the better! ;)
"Who knew that my heart could ever bruise?"
Just lemme get in my zone
He said ...I can't get enough!
Smh lol ima get his ass rite RT : so I said I was gne write yu on twitter cause ya cousin evan cme nd gt a ...
Do you book your next appointment while you're at the salon? Or do you wait until later to call?
Im Not Your Boyfriend Baby by 3OH!3 is a good song
Definitely...with observations like these and the pics to go with, I am so glad to have made your acquaintance.
Good thoughts to you.
promise we got better... and I won't hit you with the golf club this time
U are welcome, precious S! #FF RT'd Me TY
(2/3) in Atlanta, GA who lived a full and rich life, and set the GOLD standard for us ALL.
Our conference, is being put together by local entrepreneurs, contact me if you would like to contribute/sponsor :-) RT
Shocking....Stokes chooses Tennessee.
i DONT hate i just strongly DISLIKE!
Unleike what your probably used to, I don't believe everything I hear, and surely not gullable..Goodday
RT : Thanks to for inviting us to health care affinity panel! Great discussion on #Medicaid & #HCR in
Lmao my mom is such a heat up!
Motivated seeing the g40 Rva painters
going to renew tomorrow morning.
u might cuss me out but IKR
GC Tip: Your photos MUST look like you. If we book you & the client can't recognize you, that's BAD and GC won't hire you again.
Tomorrow the world. (today, just a corner of the bedroom & a few dresser drawers that I hardly use)
Beginning Today Sat May 12th #HTSSS12 tickets will be available as well as participating Fiesta Marts & locations! RT
What sorts of things are you looking for in Boston?
[It is] a Legislature based on spite & hatred. If they didn't like someone they wouldn't pass a bill - funniest thing you ever heard. [1944]
no save ur money they suck
I don't want to jinx anything but Pre-season has been going very well.... TopShelfBets.com
Lol you're not forever alone, you're only fifteen.
... your images and that scene are amazing! Difficult to find words to describe that location. Thanks for the share!
Happy Mother's Day
At JFK preparing to board flt to Boston. Looking forwrd to the AIP focus grp at ALA Midwinter!
Neck's slipped disc was feeling better 'til I loaded 8-80lb bags. Anyone strength train/lift w/ same issue? Scared to make it worse.
f you!! Sometimes you gotta bend over lmbo
I FEEL EXCELLENT THIS MORNING LIKE UNSTOPPABLE OR SOMETHING :)
my laptop hates me. it better decide to turn on and work before friday because my paper is saved on there!
This is so easy it's stupid.
Watch out for Butch. That is a heck of a crew cut.
something about sec. leon pannetta just looks shifty to me! don't know what, but just shifty. always has since clinton's administration.
Watching this #nuggets & #lakers game.....
your tweets make me giggle. c:
Q4: Has an PC been to the top of Everest and to the moon? I know they've been to the top of Everest.
great planning meeting for #ravencrest 2012! so excited to be on the committee.
I celebrated #earthday by leaving my car, mower and snow blower running all day while burning my garbage in a fire pit.
"If nothing ever changed, there would be no butterflies"
just copped the sufi tshirt, happy to support transcendental digitalism! can't wait to play with the plugs
When my dad tries to turn my country music down in the car -_- <<<<
wont be a problem... lol... said i took steps needed, right? ;)
So happy my SU student Alexis Sadoti will be home for the holidays
Sacramento isn't too bad. I'm thinking of moving though. Maybe silicon valley or Monterey
As the second half of America Now and Here Kansas City unfolds, we'd like to look back & see what fond memories fans have made.
don't worry even if Sid is cleared he won't be playing in the #pens home opener
🎎 what would be the possible usage for this???
nope. I figured what the heck.
Ya know I REALLY like #Princeton ShoppingCenter & even like its RiteAid Rx BUT #rottentomato for charging FULL price on2 clearance items!!!
Maybe we'll make a vlog. Any questions? :P
my bad, I love Tha Coolest nigga with his extra cool ass.! 😁🆒😏
“: Only 7 months to go! You stare at Chinese symbols?!” Whatever it takes to get me through til next season!
"You should only go to one conference a year and it's #AZEC11" (it's on video!)
lol.... no it's not... me and her are always going at it, she's like my bestfriend foreal.... but she knows I love her
I want someone new to talk to.
OMG WHY CANT CHER COME TO DC?? :(
It'd be cool to have that as a kind of anti-piracy tool built-in
YOUR WORLD IS NOT WORTHY FOR ME NOW THAT I BREACH YOUR TABLES HERE IS YOUR INFORMATION ? SIT AT MY TABLE
Ozzie Guillen as coach of NFL Europe's Frankfurt Galaxy: "I love Adolf Hitler. He survived so many assassination attempts."
haha. You said, head job. ;)
I will never forget our near death experience with shimmer lip gloss...I won't take it out on you again
TO THE LLAMA, TO THE WALL
Let's go oregon state beat the huskies lol.
Knitworking. Today 4:30-6 in Bistro 151. Wearing bright red jacket! Bring business card and win some fiber.
Thanks! We are planning to add more deals and function soon! Keep watching me:)
Just wanna hang
Agreed cant wait!!
lol im the nanny every day
Coming out to LA in late July. How bout taking your little angel to
beautiful! Where is this?
are you here at sxsw? How are you? I'm on 4th floor of ACC room 18 waiting for keynote
Dear WTF with the following limit?? I've had this account for 3 years. Seriously? It's so annoying!!!
it can't be lol
I want to play a lacrosse game. So bad
I love mindless behaviors song Girls talkin bout
I been on one lately
Great pictures for a loving family. God bless you guys.
How have you gotten yourself motivated? Have you tried joining a local running club and enjoying a race?
Mark Walhberg's new movie "Contraband" comes out today. If you see it consider posting a review via QWiPS and share with friends!
Getty. Love that place.
thanks for the mention :) have a great day!
You better mind your buisness boy, shut your mouth.
Dear T. Boone and Two Okla. Senators Whose Names I Don't Know: FIX IT!!!
are you naming your child "pizza-the-hut" in memory of fat dan green?
i hope so!!!! how is the new job coming... im not staying here for the summer my dad told my mom no lol
hot choc car bomb @ redhead on tues
let mhe borrow call of duty tonight
jst got done wit my hair. Look nice too. ;)
Just helped a lost doggie get back to her owner... Even though they didn't yet know she was missing...
Thx for debate - gotta run!
m i had chix wings- talked about how much i loce chix thighs though lol
nice going to pick on up
mac bots are almost as obnoxious as Scientology bots.
HEART YOU TOO!
"running post-Windows Installer configuration timing actions" is a progress bar i'm actually waiting on right now.
Pretty much
i wanna egg roll !
for real? take a picture gorl c:
Bussin it back to nyc after a great furthur show in AC. Could go for some bathtub gin. Bus doesn't have air or BR, WTF.
Thanks again for your excellent presentation yesterday on HBCU Internationalization #NAFEONATION make sure to follow him!
FA SHO... RT : ugh I kno =\ money comes first
Even harder to believe that in 4 weeks to the day I will be flying to San Francisco.
That is incredible!!!! Looking forward to your thoughts.
4/7: First Commonwealth is hosting a wine tasting event @ the Wine Loft to benefit Go Red for Women. Email for tickets
The Proposal Monica amp Kyle - boating kayaking
The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower
Great! Glad to hear you are enjoying it!
haha that was in Spanish I just realizes. Good job huffer
I have two words for you.... MAINSTREAM GLOBAL BOOM!! okay..thats three!!
I was so excited that I got to meet Roxy! And yay for friends of friends!
Reference work is knowing plus imagination.
Random thought: Do they still make Fiddle Faddle?
and you know this...
LOL RT!": “ AND JUST THEN I SAW A LIGHT FROM ABOVE..NAW MY MISTAKE THAT WAS HIS FIST LOL” the wood!"
STOP 2ND TIME
So, uh, which dead philosophers should I follow on Twitter?
Red suit, sugar plum, evergreen, candy apple. What do these have in common? There all Christmas colors in our paint wheel. Let us show you.
Thank you martha burke RT : One great thing about the Masters: ZERO stupid, fucking nonsensical, shitty, unfunny commercials.
hi thank you for the follow i <3 u!¡!¡!¡
I will indeed, Kristine!
I guess that person wants a blow job from the heroin addict.
this week comin!! School Tour.
EVERYBODY IS A FUCKTARD!? That is all... good bye!!
Looking forward to presentation about her Haiti project! Can't wait to see it! Come check it out.
thinking about you all time, wait a message from you and note that it's not reciprocal ):
Call backs kicked my ass but sure felt good to dance again!!
welcome home!
Follow my new account ---> ask me for a follow back! Thanks
Girls at the office just asked me what's wrong with the toilet. Won't stop running. I don't know. I fix teeth. Clueless about toilets.
Following in the pace car RT always knew you had a lead foot...or is driving?
Rooting for a "close game"--when your team is playing a Big Game... You should want a BLOWOUT!!!
When a girl says: "I'm cold.", don't be stupid & say "me too."
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If a prisoner is behind in child support, the government can seize his or her commissary account.
Im threw fuckin wit yo no good ass
Wisconsin and Michigan I need yall to REPRESENT!!!
special thanks to my friends over at Alternative Addiction () for featuring The Colony on their website!
Lol this is so funny
Hmm, I'm over it all, now that my gurl's gone.
Thanks hun!! :) I'm down for any time you wanna go
Words make you think a thought. Music makes you feel a feeling. A song makes you feel a thought.
Divine fire would be good! Boiler off. Air conditioner on. Chicago frigid May. Bring on the Divine Fire!!!
how do I acquire as much knowledge as this man has?
okay. Not fair. Hahaha hate you.
So today was a super fun day :D
i didn't really want your number, your friend looks better anyway
That's actually a pretty good idea!
Eatin in the waffle house right now....everyone is so country!
#Parma Mayor Dean DePiero just spoke to my budget class. Great chance for students to interact with elected official. Thanks!
what was that website where you get free samples ?
Ok, I just discovered today is Keith Haring's birthday. And it's funny because I was wondering why his work was posted on Goggle's homepage.
Kuroda takes on familiar opponent in Darvish - Error
I'm gunna take that as referring to the sausage I made for breakfast yesterday morning... hahaha
agreed. : Maryland should be flagged and penalized 3pts for those hideous uniforms. NCAA gotta get this under control
TAKE NOTES GUYS THE TIME IS 9:45PM
was that a #dare?
Ain't got but a few ends/ way fewer friends and even less time to spend/ma/ so fk wit me the long way/ the strong kill the heartache... ...
Adam Clayton annoys me.
I think your amazingly talented your gonna go far even if it's not in music. Your song 11:11 is still my favorite song.
Actually, is correct. Ongoing use of oDesk is my decision. Long term relationships are key, as is ability to grow skills.
Still looking 4 suggestions on getting cash 4 #startup when U don't qualify 4 loan.Your suggestions R greatly appreciated.
my babies are doing good being that they are around all these big ass dogs
you know whats crazy everyone ;D PIMP ME
If they have delivery in Culver City, Calif., SIGN ME UP!!
and im leaving for johnnys
I'm reading Miss Peregrine right now and I'm loving it too!! Great concept!
I'll Let you on a Little Secret.. I am
RT : Deserves a RT and follow! : As a member of Aftra and (soon-to-be) SAGI'm voting YES for one union!...
Kids' Valentine's Day parties were a success!
Sorry I couldn't make it.
Please don't hate yourself. You are worthy of the highest love from yourself and others. Please believe us. :)
Shyt Brian won't send it to me. Hit him up maybe he will send it to u
it won't let me follow you!
You: Sorry I got a bad report card Mom, its probably because the stress that has been going around, Its common u know. Mom: Then why don'...
In your stream, you will see the posts of people who've added you to circles, even if you don't add them to your circles.
I urge you, first of all, to pray for all people. Ask God to help them; intercede on their behalf, and give thanks for them. 1 Timothy 2:1
"I want to taste your cunt"
time travel: the one thing I really wanted and didn't get.
That's my home-away-from-home! So we'll split it. You buy the first 2 rounds, I buy the next 2...
S/o to for following us. You ladies are such an inspiration. Much love. Thank you!
At work on my grind money is to be made
it was ur stupid fault for going on the plane
It just may be. Get it? May be? May? The month? No?
and i hate you rt now lol have fun
Your House Sits a Long Time on the Market This is every homeowner’s’ biggest fear. Your house will sit too long on the market. It sounds
when you're not with me
Study hall today I think .-.
1/2 price martinis and food by Chef Jake Brenchley tonight at The Scholars Inn!! Plz rt
I know I'm watching too much Friday Night Lights when I start to tutor in a Texan accent. :(
“There are only two or three human stories, and they go on repeating themselves as fiercely as if they had never happened before.” W. Cather
I saw Etheridge years ago and she plays a FANTASTIC show. Grace Potter is awesome. Pink Martini always rocks.
Love me? Great. Hate me? Even better. Think I'm ugly? Don't look at me. Don't know me? Don't judge me. Think you know me? You have no idea.
Dices, que soy imperfecta.......
So my twitter is being deleted, im done with unnecessary drama that it is causing my relationship. <33
we love you too!
After last night, my spanish is coming out with a russian accent. Next will probably be british.
Laying here talking to
hello friend. :)
We are a Go for Date Night! And now I must clean my house & stock up on snacks to please the 14 yo babysitter.
WEDNESDAY I MEET FRIDAY I GO FOR MY LICENCE WISH ME LUCK!! Then Seeing the neurologist in June for my next surgery -.-
she lacks the life skills I have
Vary your workouts! An overdeveloped set of muscles could lead to injury since stronger body parts overcompensate for weaker parts.
Folding laundry while I break in my new heels. If only I had Turk to do it for me~
He asked a lot of good questions :)
Another story of people jumping the gun and inferring things that simply aren't true. Sports analysts will never learn!!! #BraunNowBo!
Got high faiths my #RRFR mixtape gone see over 1,000 downloads again. Would be great to repeat #InDueTime's 8,000...!!
Obsession was thick!!!
I've created automated log ons to all those sites (on a protected web page, natch!).
Viral doesn't mean free. In the marketing space nothing is free.
Waiting on call backs.
Way to go generators!!!
done. RT : Detroit's reckless D-line aggression requires a LB like Tulloch behind it or you get the Eagles.
I'll die then, thanks..
six alarms between the two of us and neither of us got up on time
Protip: Choose "Creator". ;-) () RT : In every moment you have the choice to be a victim or a creator.
Grown-up Simba is hot. There, I said it.
RT : #BlueFriday RT this message by 10am and one random RTer will win an Justin Forsett autographed mini-helmet! Go Seahawks!
boom! Frustration of bacon smell with no bacon AND a huge mess to cleanup
Glad I'm off 2dayz :-)
The mechanic at the oil change place couldn't figure out how to start my car. Haha. Gotta love keyless ignition!
You got bugs? I got none! CC
Thank you for the pretty music! I miss you! Please come here! And bring and with you.
lets get this music on the radio!
if you wear glasses only as an accessory, you need to stop.
yeah I shop way too much most of my money is on clothes I can't help it I love to shop!!!
Oh, oh, and Ms. Spalding also covers MJ's "Can't Help It"-- which, I'm realizing, is quickly become the most oft-covered standard in jazz
From the window to the wall! Dayo
YES RHODES REGAINS THE TITLE
Hahaha you made me laugh.
Going to Casa Azteca tonight on a bus!
The number seven is a sign of rebirth like being born again
good thinking. Might as well Get Paid while I'm at it.
tnx I mean job search,social, b2b leads,connecting others to make things happen for them, group associations,3rd party intros?
This time next month will be exam week!
What a beautiful day!! Our awesome back patio is open!! Great people watching!!
S/o to the people who put their business on twitter but always upset that someones in their business
It is your martini shot! Great work this season :)
u started that hashtag not me. I just wanted it to have a little more substance to it. Fat boy.
Watching the Final 4 and sympathizing with UConn and Butler. Classic case of performance anxiety that many musicians experience. Cheer both!
In Italian class I'm supposedly Chinese and my middle name is Lee
No game means not watching Tex AB =positive RT : I'm guessing 95% chance of precipitation in Baltimore at 7 p.m. isn't good.
thanks for thinkin of me
“ #iLoveMyMomBecause she held me down playing best friend, mom and dad.”
its okay :p but ill miss tacobell tho :'/
I'd like to thank all the visitors I've been getting to my store! <3
Thanks for the ReTweet! See you at the M Bar tonight at 10 PM! :)
Today is National Women’s Check Up Day. Take the pledge to schedule regular checkups, and encourage other women to do the same....
Pretty much have to mute the #MLB Playoffs because of this stupid Written In the Stars song that they play incessantly.
We don't! I love them but the landlord won't!
Library peeps! I need a catchy title for a career panel featuring archivists, conservators and spec. libr., to entice students. Ideas?
Going to watch the Thunder game at my dads house! #Thunderup :)
"The right thing starts at the beginning of the day, not after you've been caught." John Crichton, "Farscape"
Listen kid you're not the only one who can yell incomprehensible gibberish at the top of your lungs on this flight here watch
Whatever then, it's cool.
so hows it Going
no it wasnt u sounded great with all of ur songs (:
I'm stupid.
I will exit your life if you abuse my time.
eeekk I'm bored
And, happy graduation. I'm excited for you and proud of you. :)
Just kidding I will never h8 Paola, shes my precious friend. <3
RT It's amazing how much better something tastes w/ just a lil bit of seasoning.
I wish they had a fantasy team for politicians- and they could score it by biggest words used and most promises and sex scandels
Chris Brown needs to be mine already...
Don't think the rabbits didn't.
I'll be there April 12-15th...let's meet up! Coffee or the park?
Wonder Twin Teachers Activate. For evil!
Thanks for your involvement & support, Sharon! Our kids must have learned well from your classes. :-)
keep ignoring my texts and watch what's going to happen!
Where my homie at! I'm looking at getting that apartment real soon. FYI hah
Romance is the glamour which turns the dust of everyday life into a golden haze. -Amanda Cross
I don't think I can go a day without saying Justin's name lol
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
really?! .--. Do a M&G in central park one day! Then you could play a few songs and attract a crowd.
RT : Students: nFusion is looking for smart, digitally-savvy creative interns for the summer. Wanna make something cool? DM me.
My boyfriend or whatever ya wanna call it trippin.
Hardcore dance off with hahahahaha
God is drawing the people you need but the people you have are killing them.
LT: I will make my decision at the end of the inning
Don't forget to check user reviews on Yelp, tripadvisor, Google, and Yahoo frequently. Don't be afraid to respond!
Watching #thevoice even though my girl juliet simms isn't on ... #raelynn is kicking ass though!
I Think Im Gonna Get My Belly Button Pierced On My Birthday Hm
Same damn time just came on. I could t help but laugh and think of him, at the same damn time lol
Anytime four New Yorkers get into a cab together without arguing, a bank robbery has just taken place
Today only happens once so make it count!!!!!
lol you'll get used to it fast, its not hard
in general...
When a girl is silent, it's dangerous. She's either about to blow up, needs a hug, falling apart, crying inside, or all of the above.
Missing puck drop!
is one of favorite preachers!
Not bad at al...
thank you for showing everyone what you're suppose to do when a position player is pitching!
why we can't go to the matinee lol
POLL: Do I tweet too many pictures of food? A: No. B: No, you don't tweet enough!
Losing followers but what ever i guess.
Does anything compare to #MarchMadness?? Go GREEN!
I'd see if you could get Harding
Thanks to our friend for an insightful and engaging webinar on #1to1tech. We'll have the recording available soon!
RT if you are a Chicago Dancer!
lol i'm tired. let me go to bedd
OT w/o any sprinklers going off on the field. Looks like IDOL and FOX local news will be tape delayed
#JuniorSeau ???? SAY iT AiNT SO - so sad :(
bring me a chunk!!! Dirty glacier water adds years to your life and makes you fertile.
Awwwhh! Kay, we're cool for now, Wizard. (:
and no I am not, but if that changes u will be among first 2 know RT : WTH! are you getting married? stop talking in tongues!
looking forward to your tweets! If you or any of your customers lock their keys in their car, call us! We'll get there fast
The deepest learning takes place in the deepest relationships.
Bout to go to sleep..
That was such an exciting game! SO GLAD to know that we won't face the Steelers again this season! So glad the GOOD GUY won
Try the coffee at tropical cafe in echo park.
Celtics won na I got some to brag about at work in the am lol
haha. Well apparently I was so out of it yesterday I put it back in the wrong drawer so the mystery has been solved. ;)
Heading home for thanksgiving!
I need your help guys! I wanna get to 500 #followers LETS MAKE IT HAPPEN! Love U All! xoxo
Love or Hate: Running in the rain?
But oh at least we know that if we die, we lived with passion.
Love how Alex Russo () always does things wrong :') #WizardsOfWaverlyPlace is amazing♥ can't get bored of it ;)
Watched RJ Berger... LILY WENT CRAZZZYYYY! that was so good. an cant wait til the new season of Fantasy Factory :) so excited
Been on my grind so I can Shine
Agree RT!!!!!": i need to be a drug dealer !"
Byron Mullens has established new career highs in scoring the past two times he has played the Bucks.
At #nodesummit? Look for us at lunch if you want to node for a freshly funded rocket startup!
you take it easy now babe
An aside from vital Twitter topics: We got a new practice space dry-erase board! Must be how Metallica felt when Lou Reed joined the band.
Don't lie, no you don't.
Not a true fan of classic incense sticks? We'll forgive you.. Check out all our Gonesh smokeless product! They make great holiday gifts!...
I'll definitely let you know when we have invites available!
thanks!! Don't forget to check us out , www.StMongooseEnt.com
Just opened my swag from last nite's #newgirl party - thanks for the goodies! The bag is super handy & styling too. Can't wait for the show!
Gonna Win
Meeting this morning with an #attorney that wants to
You're a son of a bitch
Tsukiji fish market auctioneers are like dancers! Huuge tunas!
Why should we?
HAPPY YANKEES OPENINGS DAY, MY LOVES!!! #It'sthemostwonderfultimeoftheyear
Anyone that knows the dudes in we practice 2 houses down from them :)
ABOUT TO
if it's an #underwear video, all is forgiven!
2013 Jaguar XJ Ultimate -- An Ultra-luxury Sedan With A Hand Crafted Interior
I'm a fan. The nachos are KILLER
I was just described as an, "Impatient little Cheech and Chong."
One quarter left , #LetsGoHEAT !
President Fischbach says 57 amendments remaining. Take 1 down, pass it around, 56 amendments on the desk...
Today's gonna be a good day, I sense it(;
Just finished a concert at Sacandaga Bible Camp and sat on the beach at the lake. So beautiful here! Kingsville last night. God is good!
was wondering why I got a Facebook friend request.
Mexicans would not approve of a Chilean lunch.
well it will be $THLD. 2 companies in article tomorrow, the other, shush! part 2 of "hitting the jackpot with bio pharm"
that's why I love her so much! She gets my style ;)
most def! Good to see you too!
I love the mural!
Be a person that "gives" quietly. Don't "blow your trumpet in the streets to call attention to your acts of charity".
digging the service but would dig it more if I was wearing that free t-shirt you promised me :)
“To keep the body in good health is a duty, otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.” — Buddha
I think #madaboutit should be a trending topic. Could get funny
There are some things in life that you'll just never stop thinking about.
don't retweet me u fake!!!
Face down. Ass up. That's the way I like to.. SLEEP.
Rise. Walk. Meditate. Breakfast. Close email and Twitter. Work.
community and 30 rock never caught my attention. I watch sometimes but eh LMAO maybe one day
My Ok Go! station on Pandora has morphed into a 1999 hits playlist. Vive la Y100!
our friendly WMP pool is assigned & you are my draw! 1st place prize, set of Michigan Bib Overalls. Please don't disappoint.
You are a pure genius, Grays Anatomy is one of my favorite can't miss shows but Scandal is by far your best work yet
text me back woman!
Dices' date has a BAD weave on!! Sorry,I am with Dice
oh that one is fab! #drooling!
REMEMBER: Headache puppy does not approve the repettive refreshing
i don't care anymore you can think what you want and go ahead and say what you want but remember i was there for you when no one else was.
Ginger tea.
Addicted to piercings
#Lueke has learned much, but he is not a Jedi yet.
Council member Isaac Benton says there would only be a 1-2 month delay if public decides Paseo I-25 funding. Mayor says much longer.
RT: : "How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!" ~ Maya Angelou
LOL! But I'm 10 minutes into I and I'm on the hook. So happy Rocky learned how to read and speak in public.
Leaving Sunday on business/holiday trip. Beijing>Shanghai>Xi'an>Hanzhong>Hefei>Yellow Mountain>Wuhan>Beijing. I hope 3 wks is enough time.
No way!
thats what I like to hear. Il be putting in a lot of work this summer. and contacting some music labels in USA and Europe
What is the hardest # interview question you've had to answer?
Assessments and auditions are DONE.
right the shot gun wedding!
Sitting outside of Manpower?
Individuals with strong EI recognize that they cannot react to time, they must see time as a resource and manage it effectively.
3 Teens in court today for the #WoodburnHighSchool fire - #BrentWeisberg with more
ALERT: Whoa! Too harsh! RT : DPS officers posted outside ready to impound unregistered bikes can go kill themselves.
i'll blush from cyberspace. and give whoever is in the studio a big kiss for me. from SF, that is.
It's time for our annual staff training! We'll be checking email/voicemail and will get back to you in 48 hours.
shhh big booty judy
I just need somebody to love 💘
that'd be a pool of lime flavored jello followed by a shower of cherry jello shots
y'all niggas need to start fuckin wit da southside I got y'all
I want them bad in 2012 :(
I think I've got 25,000 in my inbox
First up 2nite ChuckD, IceT concert then our #middleofnowhere party w Times have really changed at the dance!
Fingers crossed that the day stays rain free for our client's wedding today!
Won't catch me chasing a nigga trust mines gone b trying see where I'm at
I wish i could spend #valentinesday with my boyfriend.
This lady is a boo
: It's better to pray 5 minutes in faith than an hour in unbelief."
Give yourself for Christmas the gift of renewed health and weight loss. Make extra $200 -$500 p' /wk. Contact me.
she said ew but she'll still come cause its sunset
I love you Seev <3 Come to Arizona please (:
what's conditioner?
IU is shooting 58%, let me repeat 58%!! And they are losing!
you can.... Click on the small arrow at the top of people's status updates & you can hide them!
Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything, Buffy, Say Anything.
Just lie down or sit in a chair and RELAX
It's awesome. Try the chicken nachos.
my ten yr old. who will be 11 in 11 days..sigh...drama
But hey I gotta accept the reality
IL models need to be re-vamped to include 'desire for info on the move' Competency-based models not inclusive enough
Ugh. One kid is finally getting over the flu & the other seems to be getting it.
Karen! I'm so sorry we didn't connect yesterday! I hope everything is going well for you. Was looking fwd to catching up!
do you work tomorrow??
My mom and I emailed each other at the same time. Mine said omg woke up w puffy eyes, im fugly. Hers said u must take a passport pic today
thanks much!
get rid of cable tv...use Hulu and other online and mobile devices
*gasp* What is that from?!
#Basketballwives Royce father is right... Stop having all those different dudes around your son and grow up...
There will be if I don't get more support for Jerry Kramer for Pro Football Hall of Fame #jerrykramer4hof :)
You live and learn. Everyone makes mistakes, the only thing to do now is to move on & better urself. Focus on the present and not the past.
Haven't heard back from you guys, how long does one typically wait for a response?
Lmao that nigga is uglier than the forever alone guy xD
Today needs to go by fast
The Love Guru and Pizza >>>>>>
Sugar free Red Bulls on me =) RT : damn, if I wasn't so tired I'd come support!
Hey what you doing
Doesn't really matter what we do. There's gotta be one good way to know. If what we're doing works we can do it night by night.
Whens the BAO-mobile stopping by your messenger service?
Good job tonight mediating the F2F meeting! I can tell its gonna be fun working with you!
Yep! Feel free to take the month off, if you'd like!
#FF welcome & thx for the mentions this week!
also get their own tweet because I also didn't forget them.
Got all morning in the studio. What could be better?
TY 4 Follow. How are you?
chillen are u single
Everyone enjoy your spring break!!!!
Hmm.. I may have to rethink my carrear path now. I was never into programing for the money..
#Boehner got a lot of news coverage yesterday, so, as a nation, we are about to suffer. Call it "code orange."
wow- twitter just lost tweets- at least 5 of mine..
YAY! RT: k I'm writing
RT : excited to be on letterman tonight with the extremely inspiring !!! please you tube his incredible speech
Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary
Recognizing unemployment one of major problems in global cities, eliminate infrastructure barriers through Internet
Terri's Tuesday Tweets! Transform 2012 - 25% off the early bird price use code TTT25 mpsconference.com
i'm will be ok just have to figure things out
Boy oh boy! If feels like a Wednesday!
u lucky that u can do this for i would love to go ahead and do what u do but no company and no real good place in md
The best thing about my job is my chair rolls and spins lol Jp again
#Genealogy What does this mean? Agnes Cummins, infant, by Robt Cummins, her next friend, vs. John Rutherford.-Br.Promise.Writ, 21st Aug1790
let then be!
Thank you, my diligent twitter friends, for a quick save!
I'm so fed up with everyone around me.
The collective consciousness that lessens the risk of injury in exercise, improves functionality and enhances quality of life...
nice bounce back game by jeanmar
Grab some Mad Mushroom cheese sticks for me! :) RT : On my way to #Bloomington!
wow so what you expect me to do
Giving away a free donut to the first 10 people who enjoy their coffee and donut in-house before work, while studying, or passing time.
#1DPerfectPerformance trend it :)
So apparently aimed to outdo in the contest of "Utterly RIDICULOUS Magazine Covers". Oh look, it's a tie!
#YouShouldNever mess with a Mahomie. I love Justin and have since day 1 but. Come on..Beliebers can be rude to other fanbases.
haha not wyoming, just the dog ugly bitches ;)
Greeted by a francophone architect at #FedEx- Caught me off guard, how nice!; "Bienvenue à Atlanta!"
We've had a Roku for awhile so I never bothered. But I want the new one now.
I can't get this question out of my head...nor can I come up with a reasonable answer. I'm very lucky.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook Everything now.
Armstrong: X-15 was designed to fly fast (Mach 7) and hot, but *not* high
my name is ashleigh
One of us will be hurt, and clearly its not you.
Confused a photo of Giovanna Battaglia for one of Diane von Furstenberg just now & wondered briefly DO I EVEN *REALLY* DESERVE TO BREATHE??
Everybody not yo friend some like u for u or sum like to tawk bout u rs
Thanks for the follow. Will be using Klout to help sort a list of librarians by influence.
it does help but if you don't do a slow increase you will plateau faster with less results
Thats as much as I will say in twitter. I left you a VM Mike call me Ill go into details. Garett also was ditched.
haha! They do look so good! Enjoy your special day!
Seems like the kind of day for a Queen marathon, no?
Thanks!!! Send me an email & let me know what you are doing. It's so nice to hear that your #usfpr degree is paying off!!
Ima thug, I'm a real thug I shot tupac
Tell me what you're considering - curriculum?
wear floaties... (or any safety floating device!!!) these eyes are deep!!!
Did anybody know blind people can text on the phone?
That's what I said!
#raw10 with being a stand-up comic, I try to find Humor in everything. But there is not a Damn thing funny abt all the Trayvon Martins'.
#YEE okay, is there a deadline for it to be done by? I could get it ready for tomorrow or tuesday!(:
Yes! For $15/yr, we'll get free admission, free school field trips & maintain DIA's legacy for our children.
It's all the roach ... ahem ... doo doo, Deepak.
i barley get on this shit
Costco withh momma
Especially considering the #Eagles had a deal on the table with the #Lions last summer for 2011 3rd and 2012 2nd
a little "nostalgia for the countryside" feeling today - pandora app and sun by the pool for some r&r
Now I just need steak bites to go with those
Why do Danny Granger and Paul George fabor each other
Make me not wanna come on twitter when doesn't tweet for more then 24 hours :(
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I like bad boys..tattoos, piercings, scene/emo hair, and in a band... :p
Style with a conscience! #socent #ethical fashion pop-up this weekend in NYC at benefiting
": When someone really loves you, they don't have to say it, you can always know it by the way they treat you."
When your Beautiful, you need nothing/no one to make you feel good on the inside or out! You stand in confident in who you are, as you are
Anyone want to see Joe Rogan with me Friday night in Pasadena? Ticks are $20
2 weekends left observing "my" lion pride. Bittersweet ending as coincides w/ going back 2 school. how you've changed my life!
We open and close doors everyday in our lives, based on the choices we make. Trust in the fact that everything happens for a reason.
Jst got backk from my interview: hopefully I get Tunis job
you are welcome! Happy Friday!
RT : True freedom is not needing to be someone special in other people's eyes. You are lovable & can be accepted. 1 John 4:9-12
you are a true
it's great the people you can meet in nyc airports! great buyer and store/site too. hope we can be friends!
Bo has never cared what the national media has said about him or his program in the past. Why should he change his tune now?
Why are people turning on Bobby?? He didn't kill her! DAMN PEOPLE!
think me & Rhiannon are gonna come visit you!!
#OWS can be discredited when corps get involved since it is a citizen uprising- Greenpeace is treading carefully to get involved
I'll give it a swift one! RT D Scott, PhD Can you kick #LaNina in the #$$ on it's way out for me? :-)
What do you think I should get your mom for Mother's Day?
call me a bitch again
Thanks for having us - had a great time with all of you rising PR stars!
Going out for lunch looking like a doll
You need to figure out what you love,and place yourself according to that, or you're going to end up miserable no matter what city you're in
That sounds great!
oh my gosh, this is why I love you :') <3
Today is the filing deadline for Q1 in Florida. We will have an analysis later today. Stay tuned!
Founder of > has no problem answering any questions or takings of suggestions.. We live 2bring forth a better #LIFE!!
We are having a blast! :)
she is here
RT And the award for "Movie With the Most Nominations that Noone Ever Saw" goes to "Hugo"
happy halloween! Its me mums bday!
will you go to my high school prom with me in june?
Do like bottle or draft beer better, ?
That awkward moment when you're trying to get champagne hookups at a party and your mom walks up telling you to go home
Now it is hard to even get Vincent to notice me anymore. He did a long time ago, but I forgot I take screen shots. Sadly... ):
We hope so, though it's not certain! Thanks for your interest!
I heard we're riding next week!
Happy Hour has begun!!! Join us from 4-6pm for 1/2 price sushi!
20 min and our Sunday is gone ;(
Swimming in the pool is like running on a treadmill...#Boring. Can't wait for open water swimming!
Choose your words wisely. They can never be UNheard.
If variety is the spice of life, mastery is its crack.
just like you
Tell them to punch their-self 8 timesRT : The worst UofL fan I know just hit me with "get over it, the season is over".
we do!! lol
"Eyelid movies."
i dont think it was overhyped. it was just a trade of two below average guys. those happen all the time.
we've always known the music industry is full of the devil, haven't we?
Doug said Turner would start the rest of the year! Liar and he has ruined Turner!!!! Outrageous!
I'm bored out of my mind!
“: I think before moves him and should make a cool morning 3!”
Going to stop working for tonight and just signing off, thought I would say goodnight to my fellow twitters. GOodniGhT everyone...
Everything is temporary.
It's more to make you feel like you're not alone...
gangsta party stove on my waste cook yo ass up gourmet lol
The Love is Amazing ...
oh wow, congrats man!
My backyard smells like funnel cakes and BBQ. There might be a faint smell of stale beer also. Ah is only once a year!
awesome! Wish I could be out there to see! Glad your playing and have fun!!!
Is so bored.
Taking care of Angel and watching Monsters Inc
holy balls are you going!?!!!
what is the name of the city? or town
Happy Valentines Day :)
Hair did!
weird.. you already peer edited mine!
Bryan Cranston... That is all.
Good morning...
I can't help where I'm shingles at
We can help evaluate your mom's condition. many of the conditions can easily be treated.
Time to check out your posture... or check out our Posture Shirts...
If you use people, you only limit yourself to their discretion.
RT : Now if we only had a mountain to ski on tomorrow, this would be the greatest blizzard ever.
Already in a bad mood.
Just watched the Avengers movie trailer - Man, did I love that comic as a kid!!!
you guys were amazing(: forever
Glad u enjoyed! Who hijacked it from my FB? LOL
Off to the park with these rug rats.
Just because it comes in ur size does NOT mean buy it
With your New Addition Bobby Brown button on your sleeve...
Lift up your shoulders towards your ears. Breathe in deeply. Then release on the exhale.
More like they're too lazy to go out and take their own damn pictures.
a little girl said that when she saw selena she was gonna kill and her father said no and justim felt bad.....
Thank you for the follow! Happy Friday - Jo
Admit it, when a guy gives you a compliment you automatically think he is into you.
Happy Belated B Day Bonita!!!!!
It's killing me, swear I never cried so much cause I never knew love would hurt this fucking bad; The worst pain that I ever had
Well if atleats gets out I hpe the #spurs stay in.
#UKnoUrPrioritiesAreFuckUp when u wearing Gucci and ur car beat up
Out on Newbury Street in Boston with friends!!
I want to say today couldn't possibly get worse, but I fear what might happen.
I really need some sleep.
Did you know?...Milwaukee has a sustainability department.
"Drive" with Ryan Gosling... tonight. Media screening. I'm excited!
Looking for hat trick from ether blue or red team
You guys are open to the public, right? Just directed a member of the public there..
Somewhere #tpaw is thinking - and I got out of #2012 race coz I lost to #Bachmann. Worst decision in politics or saved my dignity?
Whomever coined the phrase "DO NOT attempt to do EVERYTHING yourself, you silly bastard" is a straight genius! And I'm a stubborn fool.
It's saturday.. I don't have any reason to be up. Yet I am at 7 am -_____-
Take deep breath, girl...it'll be alright!
ITS VERY VERY IMPORTENT, ARE YOU GIVING A KONZERT ON THE 24th FEBUARY IN MUNICH .... ?????? MUCHLOVE
Hahah nice! so good! Thanks for the mention!
Thnx Chris. Have an awesome & productive weekend!
My Top 5 Favorite Trip Hop/Ambient Groups Of All-Time: 1). Portishead 2). Puscifer 3). Massive Attack 4). Tricky 5). How to Destroy Angels
Free Sat morning?
No-Entry Zone Eased Around Japan Plant Wall Street Journal Families with children, a group most vulnerable to radiation-related damage,...
Aries Moon sext. Jupiter, conj. Venus: A great day for taking action! Shop, clean, take a hike, snowboard, socialize, put yourself out there
Lol I just don't talk to people my own age anymore. Don't take it so personally..
&TheDylanHolland 👨 <--- he's Roberto. Kay?(:
Memorial Mall with my sisters.
I know its not friday but our favorite follower is
Life sucks
What a great American Folklore Society meeting in Bloomington, IN - kudos to the #AFS11 staff and organizing team for a meeting well done.
Dream on bozo! x
“: Ugh...the offseason. I'll miss listening to 's calls on the radio, the band, the excitement” You could take up golf
Some people just can't be helped.
Exercise in the 'now'. MindFirstFitness.
jesus christ i love movie musicals
In Chicago. On a plane. Listening to LSU/Arkansas
will win this and it won't count and it stinks! And I didn't think she should be on the world team but now, she's just wow!
For serious?
I miss you so much :/
Does anyone know why the American Historical Association is not holding an annual meeting this year?
It's ironic that my love for bibimbap and a capella did not happen simultaneously. Fortunately, being a big dork is a constant in my life.
that's why we have opinions, but i do pay attention. i'm just not a fan, if i see change then i'll think differently
thanks all
What's going on with you, Catrina?
Guy: you remind me of my big toe!Girl: why?Guy: Cause I am gonna bang on a piece of furniture in my house! (pickup line I just heard in bar)
Beat LA
Thanks! We're going going to do some iterating on it next week, to track removals, too. Happy to share how.
Lol I love how justin is literally the sweetest guy on the world. Like he's one of a kind guy.
hey meg u wntd to watch transformers rite?
Thank you, Tadd!
not watching your Ducks?
Don't let life just happen to you! Create a Life Plan to make life happen for you!
the consequenses that i've rendered, ive gone & fucked things up again
I had a really good time last night :)
Got a Blubbie t-shirt for my birthday from Lookin' slick!
Is there a free shitter n here?! I need to shit wily willy bad
It's official! Friend and I just signed our lease! Hardwood floors, granite countertops, and a rooftop deck.
Good on ya mate, get your arse here then. Good times to be had indeed!
Great story this a.m. about taking calls on air about RG3 Friday night
Chillin on my way to philly soon
new aaron tv technologies. stay tuned.
Loved all those tweets asking who Paul McCartney is. Well ... I'm still waiting for the answer.
That's cuz my tramp stamp is on my arm!
He is lucky to be married to her!!!!
Ray Lewis is 250 lbs, and Mayweather is 145ish… and that's all 250 coming at you vs a portion of the 145
ps it looks like some bad stuff might be headed through your area soon, stay safe bb!
Hahaha mom just about threw up with the drink i made. Apparently 1 shot to a can of coke is too much for her.
I always want what I can't have. And it sucks!
on the phone :)<3333
email please
You're in my FB friends. Are you following here?
Good Morning Benjamin [$(100)$] it's about that time, wake all ya buddies up, we gettin back to the money
a monkey
I like when you're patronizing in the right way.
Free cancer and vision screenings for homeless vets today at Military Museum in Old Sac.
woah ;o ! Thanks anyways(:
“: Done! Had no idea you were on twitter. I would kill for some of your duck mole right about now”
under that argument nobody in baseball would ever sell because the money will always be more
I sit in a cubicle during the day and try to take pilates
You might have her but I have her heart
whitney houston hits playing tonite...Playing thru the NIGHT!
Get it together, girl.
This little piggy limped 26.2.
We can't agree! He's been awesome with said posture.
how much for the 35mm copy after the screening? This is my absolute favorite movie of all time please consider :)
I want some
“ He loves you when: Missing u is his hobby, caring for u is his job, making you happy is his duty, & loving you is his life.”
SO TRUE!
RT : It's all good stuff. Half of it I think I need. The charging station and drying rack might be purchased here soon.
I think it's hilarious how much the staff at this Davanni's hate each other & how much they don't even hide it.
Have him or her send a resume to and we will do our best!
You really need some lotion
crazy... Just stopped dating someone bc he thought it was too much to walk around car.. Men in my life said he can't be trusted
Austiinnnnnn! Feels like you haven't tweeted in years;o
Danielle he is strong hopefully he will wake up they say surgery went well but his brain tumour isn't right
You think well, of him. RT : Hereafter, when I think of gangrenous rot, I'll always think of Steve Doocy.
Something in that simple song just gets right to my core.
Thanks for sharing!
Lepore says democratic playing field leads to seeming in#civility -- more people participate-- not only the polite classes participate
thanks - i'm hoping it provides a good workshop structure for a new book project
Awesome! Thanks so much and glad you enjoyed it!
Support Live Music Ya'll!! Buy CDs & tees while you're there. Makes the world go round & round.
“: Ive gotten so much out of the DVDs and newsletters. Now to make it to event.” Great to hear! Hope u make it!
I haven't been this happy just because of a movie in a long time. I'm still crying. And I may regret Tweeting tomorrow.
Oh hello headache. I've missed you. I'm not sure if you're hangover or vaccine related but please let me die in peace
I didn't realize that was him at first. So hard to identify him when he doesn't have a wife-beater on
hey folks- check out
Seismic setback - the building appears to need more than we can afford to give. New idea has us considering new construction - are we crazy?
Nothing you could ever do or say could fix this.
It's almost time to pick a page from the Great Big Toys R Us Book & win all of the toys on it!! -Kristin Burns
My first house in the recall signatures was in the boonies, old personalized plate that said "guns" on shed wow, got signature
Ahh.. gotta love comin in to 1st period after a 3-day weekend with the words "Timed Writing" on the board.
Lmfao that was a half asleep high af kinda tweet. ;)
Listening to Gene Harris Quartet "In A Mellow Tone" from Live In London... One of the swinginest things I have EVER heard
Glad to hear it! See you then!
If you have a run-saving defensive SS, and you put him out there everyday even though he has no bat, he saves runs in big spots. Am I wrong?
u goin to summer school?
I am to get my hair like his now.... Huge fan.
why aren't you talking about the fact that inside kicks go away to leaving no chance for comebacks late in games!
Is there a hashtag archive of the MLA e-lit readings/performance?
yep I'm going to sleep now
TIP-UP!
Exactly a week from today gajskxisnsyuaksnfkeoetatatagrnwk!
/: it's late here and I wanna sleep but if Austream will be today I wanna see it! :D
There are TONS of things that secretly bother me
Shaun! ugh how come our texting always gets messed up? :(
Help our new intern ( ) reach his 100th follower!
Why am I awake????
Bro. Frisner touched and inspired so many. He is with the ancestors. Ashe.
Dear #PRSSA friends: RT :... for those who LOVE the 99 Problems Tumblr, the comedic brilliance is on Twitter.
No red jerseys around the hoop when Ohio State puts the ball up
2-man league on Monday night! Time to sign up for some fun. All new format and great prizes. call for info 608-244-4325
Great! I hope you enjoy it. Would love to get your opinion when you finish.
Pam cooking spray will dry finger nail polish
to the name dropping scumbag: i don't care who you've "worked" with. you probably annoyed them as much as you did my band tonight
28% voter turnout in Madison, slightly lower than statewide turnout prediction of 35%.
thanks for the #FF love, have a great weekend!
Tomek Design brings you zenBUNS. Social marketing, a great way to use the web. What do you like about social marketing?
I'd rather hide behind these walls, pretending I don't care at all.
Cute designs at Officeport this Friday reminded us of our old friend Milk, and of course Coffee and TV from our old friends, Blur.
So tired can't even finish this sent...
I have always liked listening to Tribe 8. Thanks for following me back! :)
- hey man! I've been trying to find the link for the Dance Dept subscriptions going forward. Can you point me in the direction?
Oh no
's new song #BOYFRIEND is now out <3 :D
$100 gift card? That's a one-way ticket to margarita paradise! (And food nirvana too!)
re:new taps. I second but also suggest one or two belgians: St.Bernardus, La Chouffe, Malheur
2 Shows officially booked in the next month!!!! Stay tuned!!
I wrote all my songs :)
And if you have any problems, please let me know. As the owner, I am very concerned about complying with allergies and intolerances
Just did the electric slide to wake my self up :)
1)The experience 2)the food
nerf guns are awesome! I have a whole box full. We boys play with them at work. Including my boss! Hahaha.
#BecauseItsFriday its the weekend!
Right back at ya sweetie. Enjoy!
Ok. Which is good < or >?
I'm really irritated right now..
#bbrunch12 It's only Banner after someone cries. Who will it be?
looks like took his site down... Was there an "offer he couldn't refuse" involved?
Great meeting with BR Uncorked founders about an Inherit event in May! Should be really fun.
My neck is killing me... At first I thought it was a stiff neck from sleeping on it wrong...now I'm not so sure.. it being day 3 of this..
Best way to get ready for drag?? Listen to and #HotCouture... Bitch got it stuck in my head
Summer come soon I can't take school much longer.
Most companies plan budget for a year ahead - that doesn't work for #socialmedia - Have to move budgets around quickly
Lazy hands make a man poor, but diligent hands bring wealth
Loco #148 use to be on the UP lines I see, according to some research just conducted by using Google.
Wish I could go! Alas.
you know you wanna follow me
@ you too beautiful!
i dont let that little prince anywhere near my drink....or food.
This is some classy shit in here
sounds fun :)
I concur! Been cooking Passover's greates hits with mom and sister all day.
I am quite jealous. What class?
Did you know that the tallest skyscraper in Miami is the 789 foot tall Four Seasons Hotel & Tower via
why? this gotta be funny..
