give the tickets to ppl who cant afford them not like unless he wants to take a cool white guy like myself
Det, Atl, NYG would be my pref. Way we handled Det with JV today would leave me feeling confident.
Whoo-hoo! Lovin' all of our fans!! Big welcome to our latest fans from #Jordan! Enjoy! Thxs !!
I love Easter candy and these hips don't lie.
was in re: mickey rourke character in "sin city." well-deserved.
Get your end of year requests in ASAP. RT : Central Library closes at 5pm today, reopen 8:30am on Tuesday. Happy New Year!
so I just got a job offer at a hospital for the summer & I'll be working with patients. YES! (:
For $4 mil #KerryCollins willing not only to take fall for flawed Colts team but tarnish his own rep, when he actually had a good career.
like what
:) You surely will not be disappointed! Best Marvel adaptation yet! Yes, surpasses the first X-Men and Iron Man for me!
did u get a perm??
#ShowSumLove to the troops who risk their lives everyday to keep our country safe.
Waiting for these doors to open!!! Its roasting out hurr. Haha
If you like our sound, please support our band by downloading your favorite songs at 99 cents/song in the "store" icon, signing up as a...
ive been paleo for a year- its not hard for me anymore, but i do remember! good for you! what are your struggles?
Hodge not in a tie...he looks like he had a red solo cup party last night.
George Dennison Prentice~ What some call health if purchased by perpetual anxiety about diet isnt much better than tedious disease.
Getting rid of AQ Status, just in time for us to have one season in the Big East...
i literally just spent 10 minutes staring & daydreaming at my posters...
He siad you didn't say anything.. he said you were just high and he just threw it away cause it was taking up too much room
Heavy moves man heavy moves...
we'll believe it. it's a classic so everyone should see it at some point no matter when they were born
#ghettocrayolacolors rusty hubcap brown
can i please get my tattoo this year? i already know what i want!
NEW CAT
Stunning! Only way 2 describe 2nite's event! Thnks 2 Linda Tony Amy Jason Thomas Dustin Shawna Kamal Gary Donna Bill Bev Patrick & Sharon!
": I'm clumsy as hell today." Yeah you tore that metal stand up! Lmbo
Spanish class < the beach!
"I put cheese on EVERYTHING." -- America
your twitcon is really pretty!
If a back hand is discipline, and the front of a hand is abuse... then what's a karate chop?
I'm planning on it. Looks like a good program.
im just doing me bruh
I just want to eat all the time.
Studio flow
#MyPastRelationships led me where I'm at today... Happy. Didn't need you
Showing properties today from Fed Hill to Severna Park to Ellicott City to Catonsville and everywhere in between. Wish us luck!
Every time I watch a post game interview I think, "Why can't Ryan Braun say good things like this?"
No, we will be in DC! I'm going to write you right now.
I wanna go out , get loose .
brah I heart you ;)
#TwSIG Hey, this presentation is awesome!! Really... that's a real time response!! Very informative!!
Turn partial contact data into Rich Social Profiles with the FullContact API. We'll be at next week, let's meetup!
I should be doing my homework. So much for applying myself. I guess no Princeton for me thenn. :|
wait, people collapse expectedly? : Andrew Breitbart Collapsed Unexpectedly Outside His Westwood Home After Midnight
how do you keep track of the enormous amount of bandwagons you have jumped on? Bet you DVR the Kardashian show as well?
Latest poll numbers show Obama is starting to pull away from McCain, in three key states: Ohio, Florida, Pennsylvania!
It was great to have lunch with you today! Excited about the great things to come.
hahahahaha omg....just bein a hippie
God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son
hey sorry it took so long to reply I was in the shower haha nuthin much what bout you? (:
Wow, never been invited to a party by you...kind of insulted...
I am sick.
thx for following edu_marketing is a Twitter acct curated by Digital Pulp, one of the leading digital agencies in edu space
You can destroy the future by not dealing with the past.
Happy Valentine's Day BFT Family! I hope you all had a wonderful day! Any plans?
yeah I am I hope you like them :)
thanks brother!
Ahh geeze I have a little under 9 days left to get my damn costume finished for tekko!! *freaking out*
haha it's okay I won't hold it against you. I'll blame twitter for not displaying my sarcasm better. Stupid twitter!
hook it up baby ;)
you are blowing my mind
Just woke up... Want to go somewhere but where? Ahh haa Luke's house he's JUST A FRIEND!!
I'm in Iraq! It's not bad, but it's effin cold right now, 8 hours ahead of NY!
My mirror just laughed and said "You are not Tom Brady. Haircut. Now."
Can't wait to hear Arcade Fire featuring David Byrne!! Yes!
Haha...I've realized that saying # TeamFollowBack (purposefully written wrong), that you get some strangers to follow you. Weird.
Thanks for the retweet!
here outside to pick up my mom from work are you going swimming!! :)
So sad to hear about the passing of #EttaJames. She will not be forgotten! #AtLast has become a timeless wedding tune.
Home is where the heart is <3
RT #ryankennedy is a 9 yr old from Michigan w/ brain cancer. His wish is 2 trend. LETS MAKE HIS WISH COME TRUE!
But I am #letired. So have a nap zen fire ze missiles!
Excellent! Hope they worked well!
It's unfortunate that we've turned the act of flying in an airplane into a chore.
My only wish is that I die real.
JustSoGorgeous follow me please😊
Books on tape? Comfy shoes? Rainbow ribbon gummy candy? Her very own Star Trek language translator app?
5-10% of the U.S. engages in SM for sexual pleasure on at least an occasional basis (Lowe, 1983).
Can't wait to see that! In the newsroom though...
Pancake, sausage, and blueberry muffins? Yes, in fact I WILL eat all of them.
Wish it was 7 weeks from now! Ready for my fella to take me to South Beach for lots of loving! Oh yeah! Lady in the street.....
We'll be doing a couple songs with Jessica (of ) at tomorrow night! 8-10PM
Just saw AWESOME film. So glad that there are movies like this to show people whats wrong with our education system.
Uncle Green and 3 LB Thrill tonight Smith's Olde Bar! Rock it and dig it, boys!
Congrats on going to and a Big welcome in advance to the Big D!
Yay, I can think of more“: all of those sound amazing! We'll have to get into the test kitchen with some of those!”
thank you <333 I will....
is a Cutiee :-)
What the hell was Beyonce thinking men run the world
RT : A great list of design-related public good in 2011 by including AIGA Design for Good at
Fixing to tear this city up with work friends.
It's pretty obvious that Georgia is not one of the SEC's elite teams this year. I wonder what their record will be in December?
Oh yeah. The Penguins also stomped the Flyers yesterday with a 10-3 win. What's up, ?
agreed. Feels more like June. I've got to get the hell out of Dodge by July
RT : Be sure & follow for quality fitness info.Great resource with awesome fitness professionals! Check it out
Something like that. From Urban Dictionary: "remedy a situation by issuing an apology." Something like that.
Glad to hear it! I'm sure the interview will be heavy!
Congrats on your election!
National Film Challenge starts at 7:00pm tonight! Come Monday there will be an all new Ultimatum Picture...
I just lost two followes :'(
Five hours sleep in the last two days feeling a bit psycho. Just have to get over this hump.
This is awesome, and probably applies to more of you than the original. LOL ,
Trying to decide on breakfast, bananas and peanut butter sounds delish
Take care of business today , do work
It's always been me.
Hey, #Twitter friends! Will you please help us reach 250 followers by Friday?
The world is wacky. When Zoey Dechanel does something off beat, she is cute & quirky. When I do something off beat, I have Aspergers's.
"The human mind is our fundamental resource." John F. Kennedy
No base runners have reached base for the Mariners thru 6.
you are easily the greatest country guitarist of all time. Keep up the good work.
Well, that sounds terrible. What happend?
lol ive been craving some. It's been so long lol
Do you have to be from Chicago or have some emotional connection to it to not hate hearing ppl call it Chi Town? Been curious for some time.
Hows it going? Havin fun bein your amazing self?
Happy Friday! It is Superbowl weekend!!! Get excited!!
My brackets are gonna win me some money! Bout to make like 20 so I can make bank!
thanks for the mention!!
wow Andy I had no idea nice guns look god
fruit cake! I am all about the fruitcake!
I want to know how can I book
Just found out I've missed about 3/4ths of the #Superbowl. Thought it started at 6. Oh well. Two teams I know nothing about anyhow....
This game is stressing me out!
you'll know about 3 min after we do.
this morn I hit my thumb with a hammer, walked a mile in the rain, and took a 2 hr bus ride. those were the golden days, now onto DMV-hour 3
Stupid, dumb, bitches gonna die. I find this amusing. :D
They're together in case at store. LOL RT : Amazing that adults do not know that cheese IS dairy AND eggs are not.
Perhaps, though there's still hope that Mike Brown's apparent lobotomy will yield some results, too.
u did not say dat when I was fucking u in tha ass tho lol
Megatron always, Vincent Brown is in my top 20 this week, Bennet really coming on and slightly above Robinson for your third
I'm a steel trap when it comes to letting myself be emotional... Unless I'm watching Grey's Anatomy.
Padres Opening Day with the Murph, last Junior League training as a provisional, now meeting with residents of the Normal Heights community.
Is Subcomandante Marcos on twitter?
Merry Christmas and a happy, healthy New Year to all of you :)
anywhere there is open space, there will be opportunities for ad sales...effectiveness of those ads? Extremely low.
Population Justice: The Link Between Family Planning and Climate Change! Tonight, Tuesday, March 16 @ 5pm in Higgins 300 FREE DINNER!
Just finished The Road of Lost Innocence. What a horrific eye opener!! :(
you're welcome
Thanks man. we wanted our other Packer fans to see this. We wish it was up in Wisconsin and not Cowboy territory
*at Walmart* random lady: this is where I got my balls
I like when someone tweets something I said.. then they get retweeted by tons of people! Evil Bitch!
So can you state your position clearly so we aren't so confused? What does #toomanylaws have to do with it?
Take it into overtime at least if your gonna get swept
yeah pretty epic, making this flight rather less than pleasant, and inspiring deep apathy for tonights shift...
Seriously am so depressed right now :(
Oh, I'd totally hit that. It's true. Sad to miss the show in Indy bc of all the crazy Superbowl people.
Snowing in Bear Valley. Spring in
"She came through, she brought food, she got fucked, she knew wassup"
If you still wanna party when you leave beamers come hang with us #nine72 afters right behind beamers
I want to know the % of people that named their travel board "I want to go to there." I personally know 2.
Just catching this story about the psycho pastor and his anti-gay sermon. Charming.
LOL! friends wondering if he had on pajamas...shocked by him in general
Check out Mike Irace. I'll send a DM with the number. Not the cheapest, but reliable, knows his stuff, and no bull.
awhh, ! We need hang !
dinner 'Hare 2nite, not up to par. Mid rare - not exactly, many time gaps in service, no visible MOD...sorry, but I'd wanna know
Going to see grandma..
Is this really an infringement of the estate of Miles Davis? The Miles Cafe changes its name to "Somethin Jazz Club" after lawsuit..
Everybody's recommended registry cleaner
Dont you thing if we were going to invent time travel someone would have came back and told us by now?(:
Hell yeah! Can't wait! GO !
I'd forgotten about Lopez until he came to bat for the Tribe just now.
Intricate musical arrangements and lyrics about elements of nature? Sounds like beautiful, hipster-friendly music to us....
There are lots of Blackhawks fans in our house tonight. Let's get loud #Denver!
Oh, and I need to finish filling out my dance card for NAR
Wait Wait Wait.....we are calling lane violations in the playoffs now?....never mind..
Honoring all mothers, step-mothers, grandmothers, and like-a-mother-to-me's today. Happy Mother's Day!! ♥
Just had a going away party for Ken! Its time to get some gifts!
feelme that bitch got that ice t money
and uhh my stomach feels like shit
How did CAG get involved with helping sponsor Final Round? Would CAG be interested in sponsoring other big tournaments?
love ur new single :)
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing custom homes throughout San Antonio.
I want to go to there. RT : Amazing Court Gala tonight -- Bethany Thomas, casts of Angels and Porgy joined together in song
Might take in a matinee tomorrow...what Broadway (or off-Broadway) show should we see?
To all you moms out there, Happy Mother's Day!
I was just told I look like David Blaine... Compliment?
Niggas be funny just cause U VISITED THE HOOD , DONT MEAN THAT UR HOOD ..
It's like Nabokov was hired to write for the Disney Channel
Playing at corner of Lombardy and Birch to entertain 10K runners Sat 9-12. Say hi if you are out and about. We're near the finish line.
So, we want to know.. you have an extra tire laying around. How would you recycle or re-use it?
RT : The swift gray anteater bounced near the hibernating bison
"Guh she say that she ax him and he say he wuh not the baby daddy!"
The great #book swap at the dudes' school! Great way to #recycle #reuse books- & share the book wealth!
ching, ching! :)
Bad day. I need a drink.
Android Update: v1.5 is live. go get it!
OK. I'll ask for Pinterest, too, as more and more of my clients are starting to use it. Thanks!
If you stop by our booth (#1117) , follow us on Twitter, 'like' us on Facebook, write on our wall to win a monster!
I am not a score! What did I do? Lol
I'm going to start my #GhostAdventuresFriday with pizza & drinks with the boyfriend <3
“: "Take pride in how far you have come, have faith in how far you can go." #fb”
Bear Down and beat the Cardinal!
Couldn't have said it better ourselves! RT : MEMORY TRAINING!!!! ;-)
Wish I had met Frank Grimes before his unfortunate and untimely death.
Everything in my life—from doing the laundry to picking up the kiddo—is recorded in my mind in 15-minute billable increments.
I've spent the last hour and a half running, while it's raining.
#smcrva key to successful #socialmedia #fundraising campaign: short term (36-48 hrs), specific ask (amount & purpose), & excitement
I already do! I'm so hooked.
#BiggestFear my dad.
Do we think #LittleBear and Emily ever hooked up? I actually liked "in the night kitchen"
Hey, I'm in Denver. Our Nuggets play you tonight.
All Gold Crown Volleyball Players have free admission if they wear there team jersey! Don't miss the clinic before the game at 4:30!
Me and have a front row seat
he has really big feet. Hehe (;
“: you look like ur about 20 or 21” --- u close but you'll find out soon
hot topic! Classic!
If she wasn't three, I'd think she was on drugs.
Apparently I woke up at 8am for nothing... Thanks MSU Career Services.
{Italian} Dining Etiquette « msmehuljain
Need To See The Vow This Weekend
Your train-y boredom has turned you into a social media monster.
-- I can make an exception to a Twitter follower. Can I email you at the email address on your website?
Men of Bonhoeffer and will be working for Advancement Department this summer!
Tweet, tweet, tweet....
they're already making it! Thanks a lot twitter search bar...
I hope one day I get to meet you just to say Thanks for the Years of laughs and comedy you bring to the table bro.. DAILY.
Almost 19M adult males have been sexually abused. The Life of Riley short film has an audience. Help us make this film.
blow me haley
ready for Easter breakfast? we are!!!
Who bloody cares what the tallest building in NYC is now! Move past our "compensating" era & start building for the future?
"LIKE FA REAL DOE BRUH"
But Wallace was still less accurate than McCoy last year.
Mission homemade almond roca: gooey, messy fail. Mission maple garlic salmon: delicious, nutritious success.
Looks like might have the idea. Thinking we may have to follow his words with action...
by the way, we have vegan cheese and gluten free pizza dough.
I have been on the phone with support:)
I love the work you've done #FacesofAddiction. Would love to talk to you about including your work in an exhibition
thanks so much!!
those pants were a little tight.
When your change up is 90, you throw gas!
that's morning energy
you back from Texas? I'm starting to use this account so tweet me here for now on(:
aww thank you :) my co~owner thought of it :)
Armageddon is on FX rt now. I find it hilarious that everyone drinks from #NASA meatball mugs. Not sure I've seen one ever.
why must today be so damn boring
is killing me at work. "I got three cheeseburgers and I know you want all of them! Dumb hoe." I love it. Lol.
#blueNotes is the place to be!!!
Following Spree(: Follow me(:
disappointingly, no.
It's funny how all the news channels in LA call the president coming to Studio City StarMageddon
We're going to do a nice walk around the west #medford local art studios, and enjoy the sunshine.
This game? On edge of seat! Metta's group hug (floor slam) didn't initiate #Worldpeace. Only bad calls. #OKC!!!!
most are, but some aren't. It's a good show...u will enjoy it. Holton & I may squeeze out after to catch 2nd half
Twitterverse: Looking for a company/person who does story boarding?
Raspect to the writer!
DAMN can't even sleep
• This is one of those things that will just take time. Myself I'm DONE. I believe him. Time to actually WATCH baseball.
Holy tits im tired
Wow. Those are AWFUL! And here I was trying to be all positive in my talk!
The strangest part of today was last night I dreamed I was driving in a black limo with the King of Pop himself-yeah Michael Jackson-crazy!!
ahh. Cool. :p
Delayed 2 hours on the tarmac and Frontier hands out warm chocolate chip cookies. Torture for this very hangry gf person!
lol thanks!! "sometimes," haha RT : if anything they should follow u, ur tweets r informative and sometimes entertaining.
Starbucks black coffee w hazelnut syrup.... Simply the best!
message!!! rt Im not fucking with Hoes anymore. So if I stop fucking with you all of a sudden.
I'd like to give a shoutout SHOUTOUT!!!!!!!!
yea, truth is I really don't know anything. its all an illusion lmao!!
My Dominic is doing so good. He has came a long way!!
I can't find my baseball mitt and that is everybody's problem.
That's a weird message Chris. Heads up in case you didn't mean to send it! :)
Why does it take so much work to actually be informed and not just vote along partisan lines?
Can't wait to go see at Russell County! 😍
Good Morning. It's May 1st. On the grind real soon. Will be that kind of day.
Haha, Noo problem And thanks. Mine was alright too :D
-Robert Mueller Municipal Airport
Yes, that's why I said the age was fine. The feedback I get here is that I look younger than my headshot. Mid 20s early 30s.
Obama has lied that Court overturning Laws is unprecedented, that he enourages drilling ( down 36%), that border is secured, etc.
Once the storm has finished....
Hello birthday girl! Now that you're 14 U can get high heel boots! Having a beautiful wkend! Tell your Mom hi!
I think you're cool
Paul not up..wen i really need him
Don't tell me when to go to bed. I stay up till my homework is done. I'll go to bed when I'm ready.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
At #donkindoughnuts with and
Good luck with that! Lol
Come play poker with Me, Annie Duke, John SIngleton, and Jerry Yang tonight! Edgemar.org/events $50 bucks gets you buy-in, booze, and food!
Money saving print tip: Order bulk, screen printing offers bulk discounts. Think you'll reorder soon? Just add extras to your first order.
Columbia: most cataloging starts from some sort of existing record, eg vendor records and then enhance. Thus partial RDA
I love you.
Thank you and have a great weekend! RT
Philadelphia Pennsylvania
Who else out there has a picture of themselves shaking Bill Mallory's hand?
SxSW podcast on Echospace.org--6 museums collaborating to create a site for sharing /remixing collections & public resources: is.gd/twYO
Since they save searches, Google could blackmail anyone. In other news, I fully support Google's 2012 presidential campaign.
Design is like giving birth to a new baby, when you start putting the elements together you cants stop until the baby is out n alife.
Young Rembrandts is now on Facebook! Become a friend and support After School Programs that benefit students, schools and communities!
GETTING THE DAILY "you're taking 2 AP classes and 2 honors next year, stop procrastinating and be responsible" SPEECH RIGHT NOW.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present
It's #October! This is the month that #DianeMorlan's new #cozymystery #SHAKEDOWNDEAD is due out! Watch for it! www.cozycatpress.com
RE: "The Business of Being Born" --> and I would be remiss if I didn't mention the feminist insights that can be found throughout the film
To salt or not to salt...that is the 'rim' question. How do you like your margarita?!?! $5 margaritas TONIGHT!
Wind, more wind, with a slight chance of wind.
What am I doing up this early on a Sunday? Z
You just gotta score more points so ppl forget it happen, just like kobe did when he raped that girl
Bruce Springsteen Gives a Master Class at the Garden on Being a Rock Star
Means... Thank you my love...kisses! Lol
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it
*falls out of chair* We can't retweet that, but we so agree!!! :) #getyerHOGon :) :) muwaaaahahahaaaa!!!!
Scout Sunday, February 12th , Main St UMC. Join us as we celebrate the great tradition of Scouting at 8:30 & 10:30 AM, 81 W. Main St,. Peru!
So inspiring to see the debut film of Hara Motion Pictures last night! Such a wonderful program for young film-makers in Monterey, CA.
": We've all got a past, but you can't let the sorrows of your past determine your future."
its gonna be scaryy :$ i used to be scared of behemoth.. its like.. A QUARTER OF IT.
is having a hard time being on a golf course & not playing so he's been hitting a few for the teams that have been coming by
Un cordial saludo Christian.
Wow! Four talented ppl now debating for the presidency of the
No way!!! That's awesome. Small world. :)
1) Never give up. - Donald Trump’s 10 rules of success. Rule #2 in 4 hours.
I have changed for the better and whether it was a solo change or a relationship change, I changed. And I changed for me.
lol yeah. Nick was in my dreams last night. Lol hes trolling my dreams.
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE If your focused on your goals... Your on that
these new #nfl #kickoff rules are lame!! at least we still have punts.
At connect your community. CYC lab. Can't wait to learn about this program.
every time I think I've finally repressed all memory of the Pier 1 summer of r&b misappropriating 2010 soundtrack...
makes sure that the first thing he consumes doesn't contain alcohol. But he never mentioned anything about second...
Good luck to all the students during finals week!
Completely unintentional. If you look closely you'll see that some are grey and it just didn't print well. :/
NO TUMBLR DOESNT WORK AGAIN UGH
Join the call for #freeandfair elections in Congo and a #SpecialEnvoy. fallingwhistles.com We would love a David Corn column!
Has new Fox show Touch killed The 24: Jack Bauer movie?
Clearly you refer to the fourth Little Pig, Gummo, whose brothers never respected his love of poetry. & Big Bad Wolf = Amazon.
I finally know what happens after we die...thanks Google!
no cuz I'm probobly having a concert there!
are you @ #momsterpalooza next month?
Gig tonight w/ our group, Elby Brass! Gig tomorrow w/ our group, Third Stream Giants! www.elbybrass.com, www.3sgiants.com! Hope all is well!
My husband & my son attended # WARONWOMEN rally today with me in Madison Wisconsin. Great crowd & speakers.
#Bruins wingers need to come down the boards more on breakouts. Capitals stealing clearing passes from B's defense too often. Go B's!!
We love our customers! Thank you for another great year!
Thank you again Simple Plan for putting me in tears with your amazing music
Which panel are you attending?
great! And thanks so much for facilitating every week. It's always informative
U inspire me. I have been attending at DeVry University for 3 years.I would like to show u my Beats.I produce R&B music.
New York shopping= the most beautiful thing in the world.
or gay!
“: . Have to do it evenly to everyone. $20 a pay check would have balanced the budget.
Waiting for Vegas round 2
What's the saying? The days are long but the years are short.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
Make sure you visit http:///www.LoveBoobsX3.com for sexy babes wth boobs.
Thanks for sharing Ben!
Tell me is jelena together or broke apart
You got it! Added to the Twitter Hashtags category now.
Do you wanna do karate in the garage?
Wiki has gone into hiding in the basement. Tried to coax her out, but didn't last long.
Im craving some hot wings right now, foreal though.
who make s there name dhat small ass dick nigga
against=vs. which is the exact language of your ad. Don't backtrack now. We are offended and we will boycott.
people keep saying that law can't keep up w/ tech. right. But if it's designed right, law doesn't have to play catch-up
sure thing! My mom sees you guys.
Fuck everyone, say what you feel, not say what they want
I'm honestly jealous. That's a fun album.
Writing a new record is my favorite thing to do. If only someone were to pay me for this behavior, then I'd have something.
The English are funny group of people.
V neck sweater Fridays.
Happy New You, ladies n gents! Get five 50 min personal training sessions w/me for $100. Ends jan 15!
Life is Golden..!
I might just have to swing by - thanks man!
TGIM! Happy Hour goes all day and all night every Monday and Tuesday
2nd session of chronic illness group... I have to remember never to say I'm sick of attending ;)
OK, that is WAY worse.
Now Following Thanks for the RT!
Sleepy time
Since MoMA admission is free tonight, the least I can do is support art with a $9 Captain Lawrence Pale Ale in the garden.
Problem with windowless office - weather never matches what's outside. This morning, sunny in my office, rainy out there. Now, opposite.
Cranium contest win chance to win stuff and star in a TV commerical - visit Cranium facebook page, Ends May 31st.
Can't sleep. Watching Cheaters. Lol.
3am and the singing birds are at it again......someone please go tell them that's the moon not the sun lol
missing out! SEXY GHETTO GUY IN OUR CLASS.<333
I can't stop listening to #SaySomethin Its so AMAZING!!! #BestSongEver <3
I looked up who Hillary Rosen is. I still don't care about whatever she said, though.
Ayy Pimp Usah Funny Dude I Burn Sum O.g Nd Watch you Almost Every Video. Outa Sac-Town SUPPORT MY MUSIC GOIN HARD PRODUCTIONS
Send a picture of your steelers get together today. best picture wins a autograph
#FreshCutFridays Tomorrow You Already Know We On It.
maybe YOU talk to them on a lifelong period, but not me.
does anyone know what pumped up kicks is bout.....hm?????????
It's the weekend . I'm happy af ^_<
If you get the ulitmate '80s icon at your party, you would have the best '80s party ever.
The barbers at headquarters barbershop is the best in the hood. They actually have skills unlike them other nervous barbers
The #INConversation with Jim Lehrer is kicking off! We'll hear about his experience moderating prez debates.
I finally found you Danny!
If there was a zombie apocolypse&we were gettin' chased&u tripped&fell i would come back&help u get up even if tht meant riskin' my life:))
living & loving my life, my biggest worry today was trying to decide which color nail polish to wear, pretty awesome! #Serenity&Gratitude
Can someone help me get more followers please!!!!:) I don't care who!!!! I will really appertiate it!!!<3
a friend just calculated that if you played every permutation of megamillions, it would cost you 175mm but you're "guaranteed" to win 80mm
yeah... new glass and a new titanium case... ive seen it already... it looks
wish me a happy birthday ?
it's great for running Day of the Tentacle ;)
considering this is a history lesson I have heard in various forms MANY times... I consider myself quite knowledgable. Lmao. People.
actually, class likely won't last the entire time, so we will be able to collect papers & then discuss assessment right after.
Who has blackberry? Send me ur pin :)
Recession or not, Trichet may not lower interest rates due to ego. Retiring form ECB in a month, about face would leave a tarnished legacy.
Yep. Can't go this long and fail now.
going out to the lake to wakeskate (hmm maybe wakeboard) for the first time this year yeah!!
welcome back you classy fellow,, The US just wasn't the same without you and your Australian swagge 👌
Yea he told me that. He went to the new SMG studio.
I'm so ready to move. I need to make a difference. I need a change.
i'm always curious when a west coaster has a draw to the east. I mean.. Why?!
Shut up thunder. I'm tired of you faking me out, and blowing over my plants and still no rain. Even my okra died. I don't want to hear it.
I've already lost track of the days of the week this week! I was thinking tomorrow was Tuesday. Think I'm loosing it! Lol
Don't be scared to take risk in your life... That's what differs you from others! Who wants a boring LIFE anyway???
that's best friend <3 :)
So this mama bird decided to lay her eggs on our construction site (months ago) and TODAY 3 of the 4 HATCHED!! ONE MORE TO GO!! <3
This just in! Special offer: Get 20% off of your next order RIGHT NOW! Use flyer code 9s! Thanks to our AMAZING customers and pass it on!...
really starting to regret my whole relationship with
In my mind there never was a Jefferson, there was only a Starship.
hey um are you going to make a time for that?
Thank you so much!
Cordy is a stupid name... but he gets to the Bills I may name my son that
Get your 1-day sale coupon sheets at the Bingo card table this Sunday! Get 30% off all apparel and shoes at Cute & Cuddly this Sunday.
Bye bye UNC
what been up. How u been
Be aware of how you sound when talking. People are not mind readers. If you're unclear in speech or your message, you may aggravate others
hahaha how does that make you head honcho?
Some things never change in this business.
Oh god, my brain might just explode over everyone :/ #migraine 😓😷💀
Dear Guitar, #Teleport2Me. I don't care if i'm in the middle of class. Pull a Nike and
; jeez', you weren't suppose to go public with that crap. :o
what's good wit ya
Then he rings me up and says "I owe you three cents, but I think you'll be ok". I tell him to keep the rest of the coins in the register.
Okay, organic foodies. Is a half CSA too much for a single person household? Or should I stick with farmers markets???
Spurs win! #PuroPincheSpurs!
According to a recent Trulia report, it's cheaper to buy than rent in 98% of US metro areas.
If someone has a sister and your dad let your sis te get and IPod Touch What do you think? You think that you should get want too?
Hey Mark miss you on #KSR all we got is Matt !! Please come back !!!!!!
colonel asking me what i've been up to lol its only been four days so nothing
If you are looking for a pity party I am not the person to text.
How many pairs of shoes did and bring to Vegas
It's the first day of the spring semester for our traditional students. Welcome back!
Sure the truth hurts, but it's better then being lied to
You begging her for everything but she never telling me no, i got your GIRLFRIEND ong speedial if you redial it u go be suprised
I would call you but!!!! I don't have your number ))):
is proud to acknowledge the great American Hero, Martin Luther King, Jr., on his birthday!
Y u gotta b a HATER
ohh soo happy for my eveymae who just landed herself an official boyfriend :))
Roopa's great. Not sure who else is going.This will be the first time in 3 years I won't be at NAGAP.
I hate Kate bush.
“: got my dad tickets to see the red hot chili peppers next month! I am such a #greatdaughter” my dad & I are going!
it smells like Chinese food at my house >.<
Tablets make it much easier to stay connected. Haven't checked my email on my home cmptr in months #
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there’s only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen. ~Wayne Dyer
Sweet! Ditto!
It's pretty convenient that I'm from the best state in America
They're going to try to sell more at lower prices--on everything. That's what Amazon is about.
my brother's red & white game tomorrow afternoon!!!
Ya my mom got them 4me,but I think they r way 2difficult 4what it's worth &if I think their hard then you will prob hate it
I'm going to bed don't feel good and it is late goodnight
The holidays are over, but & are still recovering, so the show will return next Monday. Go enjoy a past episode!
A Pen?? Very gutsy ;)
you know you not a baller when Monte calls you out on the game cube
This whole not sleeping at night is taking its toll.
Listening 2 Kaiser Chiefs while reading briefs from December's ban by the Indian Supreme Court on plastic tobacco packaging.
I legit cried when I watched TVD season 3 finale D:
On giving shoes for the first time: "the kids were so so excited, like Christmas day"
I need a partner in crime to crash this Arlington party across the street...
Comfort objects for souls who feel better in closed spaces. Endorphin emitters through smell, touch. Most isolating objet ever.
Let's hope that continues and we see you on the Packer starting roster next year. the year the team regives the NFL the business!
I jus hurt my shoulder cookin too hard to the I Don't Like song.
hahaha Beth I can't get enough of you!
hahaha it would have been then...not so much now :p I would've peed my pants too don't feel bad
-_____- your only goal in life is to cause me pain
I watch your show Ellen cuz you laugh,love and dance everyday, just love you baby !!
I think Huntsman uses the same paint shop as Boehner.
it is lovely, and busy! Are you planning another trip?
ABC announces 'Glass House,' Big Brother-style reality show that enables ... - New York Daily News
It was a phantom "wiff" bc there is no vodka around whatsoever. I'd say it's my Lush bubble bar.
Great run of shows tonight to keep the studying not so boring: , , , &
I always forget a PC is different than a MAC!
Just started my morning with whipping cream in my coffee. I think it's going to be a good day!
All Day Every Day RT To Do List: Big Time Rush
better thank the fans and for all the publicity this season
Wow! Hoping Em will connect soon w others w food related issues...really need more kids in her situation.
Worst Day Of Practice 
Just broke a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc in my car. The aroma of grapefruit mixed with alcohol is overwhelming.
I am a color (maroon) ? and you call me names? You sent me the response first. Typical.
Thanks for the #FF, Chris. Have a great weekend.
TGIF!Come get $2.50 Stella & $6.00 Jameson drinks!Full line of gorgeous Ladies and a full bar will have you coming back for more...and more!
please please please please
wait, what do you do then ;-)
Conception to Production. On set: Day 1
For many teachers collaboration is cheating.
Theater kids did to Monty Python what 8 year olds and 45 to 50 year olds did to austin powers.
u still on the subliminal shit huh
R.I.P Cailix and Beau Shenecker.
“: Word to my momma I'm the coldest nigga living”
Happy Mothers Day to Mi Mamá! & all the awesome mommas out there! Be thankful for your family & friends. Love hard. Our time is precious. xo
i wonder if my dog know my name or what does he calls me as.
Have a happy Sunday!!
lmmfao... Boy u CHILDISH!!!
I wish you would talk to me as much as I want to talk to you.
"No furniture is so charming as books." - Sydney Smith
I'm sorry that I don't #ff anybody. Should I?
Next to you go to BW3 try the Jammin Jalapeno mm m good! :-)
Barrack Obama supporting gay marriage, he gets my vote this fall!
Today in 1982, Who Can It Be Now (Men At Work) was a hit.
PR is pleased to announce we're beginning to roll out our new web-site. THANK YOU for your patience as we grow
I sent you an email before I left the office today. There are a bunch of PDF's that I attached with info on what to take.
Great day with family today. NYC tomorrow!
Hi Joyce Walker! Thanks for the follow and for being one of our longtime contributors/supporters.
Apparently re-seating the cables didn't fix it. ACMT > Mail-in repair service, except when you get bad parts. Sigh.
Ppppppusssyy - Walter Jr.
#MyTop10GucciSongs Emergency ....my girl was in the video :-) :-) :-)
hey im a big fan of ur music
Yea CC was leaving. If anything they should be pissed about the Cliff trade. Carrasco,Donald,Marson? Lol talk about shitty.
we all know that's not true lol
We all with you Robb G!
Jeff is a good college buddy. Saw him here in NYC recently. Tell Knowshown I don't say hi.
aw! I can't wait to see you both soon!!!
2nd period under way at the RG and it's Tri-City with a 1-0 lead over the a carbon copy of last night!
Keep up the great MMA work! Our BATTLE OF ATL XLIII June 17-18 is adding Sport Jiu Jitsu sparring. See www.battleofatlanta.in
that would have been much more exciting!
Be sure to stop by while you're in #Indy next week.
They sure don't make it affordable to show off that you are an student
Not yet!
“: hi man find me a descent manager pleeaase country singer/songwriter Noll brothers”Please DM me a YouTube link.
best book for creating a more positive mindset...suggestions?
And they were not close enough.
around them that have."
very cool seeing again today for a #StudioSession! See you guys soon!
I want to see the movie where Abraham Lincoln is a vampire
I presume you'll be at Enterprise Connect? DM me and I'll make sure you get a demo
Took me a bit to follow back, but I think I am there! If I missed you, let me know. RAIDERS!!!!!
how was it?
So What Btch !
3 more weeks until i get out of school praise the lord im SICK of that place
Listen to him. RT : Listen to
And I'm chillin watchin this movie wit Meelah...for now 
hey thanks for the follow! music is our life too! "like" us on facebook! turkey is my TEAM!
aww boo lets meet on saturday I got somethin for you
. Thank you for your support!! will be a great museum and everyone should follow its upcoming successes!!
Thanks broo I appreciate that! Let me know if you ever cop something ill get you 10% off/ Free stickers/ lanyard/ and tee!
me and my son will welcome you guys back at the airport on Monday.
I was really happy all day, and one text just ruined it....STAY OUT OF MY LIFE!
Wow! #brewers let the lowly #padres offense put up a snowman in the eighth.
I'm from San Diego ,California <3(:
glad you got there safely! can't wait to hear all about it!
Does this quote apply to political advertising, as well? "You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertising." Norman Douglas
We want more on
gets me today,that acoustic album is perfect-even if everyone leaves FL,it's a year old,and you know more than me;)
Didn't you learn from not to make silly predictions against the CATS, put that in blood!!!!!!!
either you keep but dialing me or you are calling me but you cant speak!!
If youre a human being on twitter I'd like to have more acknowlegdement that I exist. Sincerely, thanks :)
Nuggets @ Jazz just started
Offensive rebounds and second-chance points are why the Pistons built up this lead..
I haven't seen it- thanks
iPad forces me to sit on left side of train to boston, sitting on right side theres so much glare i can't see anything, lol
Still got to get in the studio! Sometime next year!!
Heading upstate to cool off at the in-laws.
I'll put ya out if you really want it. I mean I have killed someone.. It was my sisters jb cardboard cutout
Sometimes i wish that i had never met you, so i could go to sleep at night not knowing there was someone like you out there.
I don't like the fact that I basically live alone because everyone decides to go places and not invite me or even tell me they're leaving.
Just Registered!!! Can't wait.
Cracking up watching #TopGear - they're crossing mountainous, crazy terrain in minivans - it's Mythbusters meets Three Stooges
I think my brain is going to explode due to over capacity! -.-
Thank You♥!!!
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music. Aldous Huxley
From leopard-print get-ups to wild and off-the-wall wigs , Nicki Minaj gets attention for her style as often as her stage presence.
But great to see you FINALLY admit, at least implicitly, that allowing gay marriage would enhance individual liberty.
Once you hate someone, everything they do is offensive. "Look at this bitch, eating those fucking crackers like she owns the place!"
I believe in the underdog, who chases dreams and breaks down walls.
getting ready for #catalyst Dallas. Hmm...what should and I wear so we can blend in? :)
Wine Tasting from 4-6pm tonight from our friends Cascade Cliffs
looking forward to seeing u guys soon hope u chose my video this time miss hearing from u both xo
what was wrong?
RT : Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – Donald Trump
Really trying to keep my religion
Thank you for everyone who came to support our business & the fire hall this weekend! :) Have a wonderful fall week, stay warm everyone!
of course you cant answer that question, because art is not to be defined...jus expressed
its even more fun than it looks
Do uever sit in a conversation between two people&wish u could run far away.if I'm forced2listen atleast talk about something intersting!
did you see Polanski's CARNAGE? If so, did you likey?
um I dunno what RAAM is??
#What2ChainsWouldSay 2chainz on twitter Wrist cost rich Dinners Nutt on her face she a sitter Made a track with WEST imma a winnnnneeeerrr
This friday around like 4pm biz kids real will be selling juice at the ryan city rec basketball game at 530 webster ave
proposed edit: "try a smaller re-usable lunch container".
Follow back Fam!! its about that time!! i got a spot we can go to!! DM #
thanks boo! It was a great night. now back to shitty weather :-/
school uniform. just another wednesday
Don't forget - tonight is Associates of Applied Arts #Degree #College Open House Night! Please RSVP at 214.638.0484.
Thanks for 'favoriting' The Life That's Waiting for You, Marie I appreciate that & am glad you enjoyed it.
I am he, I am he, Hajji stepped up on the scene, I been going so hard they saying Go-lightly (Drake Voice) Ha
Some thing tells me that your kids are telepathic.
what job are you applying for there?
Hey, man, where is the slap bracelet?
#ONTHETABLEFRESHANDHOT - Why Cook when the #ChicagoSoupCompany can deliver #Soup NOW!
Yea, because horse racing, cocaine distribution, & murder all go hand-in-hand...
Hello, stranger. :)
Last exam of undergraduate career. Let's go!
have one for me too please!
"did you just home?" lmao yeah you caught me~~
Shut that shit up!
RT : Thanks ! So happy to be chatting about #MainStreets!
We didn't realize we were making memories, we were just having FUN!!!!!
I have no excuse for today.
Go NC state!
awesome performance at Letterman tonight, absolutely love you guys!!
been using both that and pad mapper :) I think you tipped me off to it before, thanks!
so my december the DART rail by my house will be in use. finally
Out in bumblefuck, usa
clutch, shift.. gas...
Any suggestions on what to get 2 little girly- girls for their kindergarden graduation?
Also stay tuned fans as coach John Spencer will be reppin' the 503 at 4:15 with !
Watching lingo.. Omg im dying from laughter at this one guy :)
Why do people cuss? I don't understand lol.
i slept with Domo last night...
isn't it your birthday on may 4th
i don't ike them i LOVE them
College is a sham. RT : My extensive knowledge of American and European history has yet to make me any money lol.
haha. zach probably got some on his computer. my old laptop broke so i lost all mine.
ha, i get season tickets, & i will be at that game cheering on !!
so jealous right now. I'm working on finals. :-(
PAZZ and Jop poll published. Most of my top ten are in there somewhere, just not at the top. DON'T SLEEP ON
get better I love you and you still look amazing when you are sick!<3
At work. Apparently, someone stole our collection copy of Beastie Boys "Paul's Boutique". Ugh. That's infuriating.
“Volunteers are the only human beings on the face of the earth who reflect this nation’s compassion, unselfish caring, patience and just...
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 6
are you friends with austin mahone?
Well the show was canceled Saturday. But what a productive camp weekend!
I would if I knew when you had free time lol so just ask me whenever you'd like to :)
My phone is goin off about MERGE tonight sheesh!!
Good to see puhppy happy :)
buying Carlo Rossi on the way home.....
Does anyone else out there have their picture books shelved in bins? And if so, how do you keep patrons from dumping any old book into them?
Yea that was straight outta the JFo handbook! Let's go shopping together for Baby Gideon's gift btw!!
Have 2 Act Unsatisfied or Uninterested Till You Get Want You Want In Some Situations..
The untimely death of Macho Man Randy Savage has filled me with the desire to play the NES version of Wrestlemania in his honor.
my brother sam is dead hit the road freak,the mighty the cage wish you well goose girl where the red fern grows northen light
ATL vs BOS. Let's gets this W boys!!
I procrastinate cuz the challenge is so fun :)
Think I've finally recovered from last night!
Some music festival in Charlotte in 00 or 01. We hung out in lawn chairs and shot the shit for a while. Wonderfully nice girl.
Blake shelton & miranda lambert make the cutest couple:B <33
fabd was good, but smoketown USA was better. Near nachbar...
Hellenic Caucus cochairs & I are hosting briefing for Caucus members on #Greekdebt crisis by #Greece's Ambassador to US.
Looking forward to being there! RT Initial list of beers for the International Beer Festival at the IX Center posted!
I want to open presents noww. Please.
lmao mine! Nick hahaha and I really wouldn't call it a sex life lol. More like hanging/ dating / meeting life lol
That's cool.
most ppl has an agenda, especially politicians.
Dear 49ers.... Please please DESTROY the Aints!!!
from the previews Camilla looks like the badest..
Margarita time!!!
Further 300 jobs in the pipeline as firm expands - Galway News
I keep seeing famous people everywhere. I'll take that as a sign.
Merry Christmas Eve!! 🎄🎅🎁
": lol still aint got dem shirts" u never came to the fieldhouse...
have to say if i had a gf like misa amane i would be happy as hell haha
Omg, I had a great dream last night.
Totally love love love !! Must get out to Murfreesboro soon!
well if you are here to stay.... Welcome back.
Re-Tweet this 100 times and you will get to hear myself, Ron Burgundy, play jazz flute. And that's no lie.
Hooray! Thank you!
Why is "W" not called double v?
Cheeeee back from san jose now bbq with my honey, my keiki, kiana and kai...fun times
we did too. Cheers! RT :
: Enjoying the last tracks in DC
I expect to see lots of bithday wishes for my man Happy Birthday Dude!
COBRA DICK IS THERE...4th quarter let's go!!!!!
which bank are you at? Campus Credit Union has a container of pens (orange and blue) that you can take with you!
If you want to sound powerful, always say "I know a guy "
just get @ me tomorrow after 6pm
Today in 1968 Martin Luther King, Jr. delivered his "I've Been to the Mountaintop" speech.
Boy get outta here!! You know nuggets weren't gonna let the Lakers win like that...
Unlike NYC, the OSI-Baltimore targeted schools are not Baltimore's "beat the odds" schools.
have a good time :)
Thanks to everyone whom made ArtWalk possible! We had an excellent time! and you can still yarnbomb the aqua trees outside the gallery!
haha! no but it was Tim and Dylan that introduced me to this horror show.
Twice this week, TWICE, I forgot to pick up some bags of salt to put on the driveway.
! Thx for all you do. We will see you soon. RT
WHO PUT ALL THESE 7%&)!! TABLES HERE? WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON? WHY ISN'T THIS QUERY WORKING? Oh, right.
My sorority allows us to store 4 boxes. I hope they're okay with my 17,000 boxes.
Most EPIC thing I enjoy is seeing educators really *get* it in terms of what is possible to do in virtual worlds
....With a zip up hoodie on...."Derek, Pat is so predictable"
She call u when wanna shop and she call me when she want da cock!
...food. I should make some.
Yeah i know, who reads anymore!!!!
love it!!! I'm not going to the game, but I'll keep an eye out for it on tv
Who has Buzznet?
Florida Panthers will play 1st playoff game since being swept by these same NJ Devils in 2000. Panthers are even money tonight.
Anger - Every time you give someone a piece of your mind you make your head a little emptier!
now thats a good hubby;)
Kansas needs to make a run. Now.
Lilly and marshal finally had their baby!!! :)))
Thanks 4 coming down--RT : At 
post it on my wall. i'll see it tomorrow o:
it has your name written al over it!! I wish you would come
we need to get you some new tees with the new logo!
is having a beer on this glorious Sunday morning
the time when you typed something up but then didnt end up sending it
. I guess we are not building the pyramids. #software is incremental
ok red vow renewal shirt 2nd to last row blonde long curly locks !!
Brand new Baltbuster coming up in 10 minutes! Plus getting you Kelli's Cookies with the Baltbuster Bonus!
When are you back from nawlins??
": Why must I get hungry at this time??" Me too :/ bring me food
Alright. I've been on campus for 2.5 hours. Knocked out some tasks and visited with scholar-colleagues. Now, on to the greater task at hand.
I agree... He's the #Bruins backbone tonight RT Bergy berg with a huge goal tonight, you watch.
Broke a board with a side kick and earned my orange belt this evening.
i love my girlfriend :) she farts.
Fresh ingredients, inspired preparation and a friendly atmosphere combined to make dining at Mesa Grill a memorable experience!
I love to laugh!
Cant wait till the weekend!!!!
Heading to Guns N' Roses - an invite from "sweet child of mine"...Marcus. He even bought the tickets - now I am really excited!!!
"I'm friends with the rat people" ahhaaha
“: forward to seeing all the duck alumni and fans in portland this week! #GODUCKS!”--same Cam!
dear Jenica, you seem super cool! & you're really pretty.(:
what are you going to ?
you suck why are you on the Knicks you not even that good to play Cba you herb
oh okay !
RT : the sun descends on #westernma. let there be barbecue and sweet tea this afternoon, pretty please. Amen, sister!
I don't feel good 😔
Awkward moment when I go to watch video chat on silent and a commercial goes on really loud in class :(
So I totally missed the memo about Earl Scruggs
Happy Easter guys!:D hope u have a fun day kuz i know i am!
Caps fan next to me at bar, in a heavy NY accent: "If the Islanders ever start winning we're going back to being Islanders fans"
Are you interested in auditioning for Allegro? Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net seeking college age students to tour in 2012.
reminds me of the time(s) I was kicked out of other establishments for tacking $1 bills on ladies normal legs
U nig**s on the bench, like the bus commin
is it worth all this traffic?
Hey, have a good time at Harrison's? Use Yelp? Please leave us a review!
you are up early for that kind of evening.
ahh wish you were here, soo much sports talk lol. Cant wait for boxing and cinco de mayoing, see you toniiighttt!!! :)
so does Thursday work for everyone?? Where should we go? :)
tell me why I can see this happening? Lol.
To what news do you refer?
When you say you feel so alone I just want to be with you, but I dot know the right way to approach you.
Hey Bryan, I have a really cool segment idea for Evening Mag. that I think you'd be interested in. What's the best way to send?
Was privileged to attend the Interstate Softball Tourney this past year and see how much the Briscoes love their friends in Paraguay.
this is not a drive by
The dollar is at its lowest level against the euro since July 2008. Expect to see more European buyers take advantage.
The easiest way to treat people with kindness is to remember that God is watching.
Julia...thanks!!! Hope to see you to at the arena too....can't wait for hockey to start again!!!
Protect your #1 investment with a paint job from Mr.D's Painting check out our web site @ www.mrdspainting.com or call us @ 619-562-5848
Newark next and a trip to Stockholm, Sweden is coming up.
While arranging groceries in the trunk, the wind caught the trunk lid and thwacked me in the head. Now I can't remember if I have amnesia.
My body hurts like Kooo razy but I can't sleep cuz of the ghosts!
Nice to meet you Robesoir!
something i love is that my whole family says "good luck" instead of "break a leg" to me. do they want me to fail? or is it just habit?
I feel good that's the important part.
Come and get pierced, two for the price of one!
What's up in San Diego? Besides the low ceiling.
Heard pulled our fire alarm
looks great!
hey Kyle! It's Ross from VIDA! Hope to see you, again, soon!
I saw that guy give a TED talk, and he jumped around just as much. Hard to follow.
RT : S/O to professional fellow 'connect-the-dotters' , , , ,
Finish them
Goodnight guys! I'm so tired..
Baby, next time you're gonna try and make me jealous, pick a girl who doesn't look like she's been hit by a car. -Ex Girlfriend
thanks man!
cccollab got hacked & deleted. omfg. NO THIS IS NOT HAPPENING. NO. all of logan's videos on there are gone ):
how are you doing?
sorry that happened to you too, but it does make me feel better.
I know it's one of my favorites, but I can't believe they don't even use apple from Julian!
I'm super busy in Vegas tracking a new vocalist. This guy is on another level, HOMies. I am in shock and awe that he is gracious enough...
You're welcome. Looking forward to
thats cool but that means we may be able to meet before hand
Sum of that good good. 70bucks per good
Back at Superstar to show off the , , Paul, Chilina, & rest of crazy talent to Dad!
Uh-oh ... Just lost power 5 mins ago. Looks like everyone else on C'ville Rio Rd East did too.
#fringe Lost again but better
What's good twitter friends
Yup ! RT : who baby ik you not talking about who I think you talking about !?
it was ur fault.
The woman next to me just switched from listening to Iron Maiden to listen to the Postal Service.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
God in the midst of you is omnipotence. There is no power external to you. All power is given unto you.
G'mornin! I'm dragging... Who told me to stay up late watching the NBA playoffs? Have a great day, I'm looking for my coffee cup!
I think just because of steve harvey.
It's the TV show Who's in Who's Out, which I'm in, just not on IMDb but still...first step! ;P
Can you keep a secret ?
u really dont know y?
Round two of questions focus on general city issues
Congrats! You're logo is great!
Just woke Up feeling good bout to watch heat and lakers game
GOOD MORNING TO ALL YOU PRECIOUS WOMEN I HOPE YOUR DAY IS AS BEAUTIFUL AS YOU ARE !
haha :D thats cool :D your grandpa seems to be cool, haha :)
Great! Looking forward to it.
I meant they lol...but this george bush spell check I got on here is failing a nigga! Quit tryna sell pussy on twitter too
I personally find it amusing that the majority of online arguments end up as a question of one or the other's intelligence or grammar.
all the time. we're pretty easy going here, and we'll look up their record, but I usually ask for address, etc. cont.
Agreed. That was some good journalism there. I can only hope something good comes of this.
what are you going to bring in next week m-f? CC:
All of the Hope Has Come EP is now uploaded to Youtube where you can listen. Praying that it will point you not to me, but to Jesus.
And on Chinese New Year! Better get to inventing!! :)
I emailed you
OMFG L00OOL i cant believe we did that a year ago! where da fuck does time g00000?
Yes! Tania is amazing :) Thanks for supporting #WaitingForLefty!
Ready to go to a haunted house!
The Silk Tie likes Tim! Put a Tie in front, thesilktie.com
Who would you rather get into a serious relationship with? or Lamb Chop?
first day the same, then new roads near Bishop. Stay tuned for details...
Just got tatted (;
follow me and ill follow back
Dad got Kyle the Edge 3 disc DVD.
#MoviesILove starting with the Letter "X"
Your the man triple h get better soon
Haha oh the #irony. World sleep day and happens to be the one day I get 2 hrs sleep
nope it woulda been to obvious haha #Japan now we got 3 pitchers from japan, tateyama, uehara & now darvish!
UUHHGG!!! Why cant I fall asleep! I really want to but everytime I try, it doesnt work!!! I guess I could start by turning off the computer.
Pretty much my last night of ever studying or doing homework in highschool...
clear your throat one more time and I'm going to rip it out
I definitely don't use this enough. so i should. and will. yeah.
if Myles only tweeted you I'd be so jealous
Honestly wish that 1) my parents were in the military 2) I went to the military or 3) I married someone in the military cuz them benefits >>
that's what you said last time...are u for reals this time?.... 8|
was sleeping soundly until I was rudely awakened at 5am by the cat jumping and clawing my face. Thanks cat, for the lovely, bloody wound.
Every WEDNESDAY at 8PM #FUCKYOURFEELINGS on w/ and Big Zu!!
Thanks , , - for being top influencers in my community this week :) (insight by )
Getting props from artists I respect puts a huge smile on my face.
1423: your really pretty and I like your hair a lot oh and I agree with your bio 143% <3
Happy mother's day!!!! Let's go Let's go
I'd be so much smarter if I were to just keep Facebook deactivated and redirect my all my excess attention to my Twitter feed.
killin it today in he meet! She's a boss
Just had a dream I was at the Tech Oscars and Kelsy Grammar chipped my tooth playing a pre-game of dodgeball.
I can't say whether God likes Tebow more, but it's pretty clear that the refs do. . . .
so 7 or 13 for Derby?
Oh nice!(: if you still have my number you should text me???
Gotta finish getting ready for work all overtime this week with no days off...detemined
Love the new season. Funny to laugh at ourselves. The recycling bit and loved seeing Jeff Goldblum in the Knot Store. Pink shirt perfect.
Had so much fun at the avs practice. Bout to go to the pens hotel in a little while. :)
oh no
Lets fuckin go Pettite aint a damn thing changed
- aha, What I Do Traniqua
thank all of you for the support. Keep spreading the word, so we can keep pumping out those riffs!
EPIC FAIL: Man has issue with 24" #iMac, goes to unplug, Unit falls over, glass and LCD crack, unit fell over on iPhone 4, cracks that too!
so glad it's friday
The Trucks are at Kendal Baptist Hospital Today for lunch.
is the only person worth following on twitter more people ahould just not care and be original like her.
Ex has disappeared for good, it seems.
Brig. General steven Anderson, Iraq vet, says the #keystone #pipeline will "delight our enemies."
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 49
. Help us spread the word that #Nov8 is the day that the #VAGOP will have a majority in the State Senate.
I don't get it.
My bed feels positively delicious. Tell me again why I'd get up?
Yep! RT : How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. -Wayne Dyer
It is I MikeyWild me Lion and not a spaming twit!LOL!check your email
tiny let dat woman live! damn.. yu got plenty money!!
Now these two girls are in the quiet car talking about their horoscopes. Refused to be quiet. Reminds me of a trashy
My sister had an incredibly difficult paper due in an intense class. She also happened to be house sitting for my aunt. The morning of he...
its filthy in the office with the music being blasted. Filthy I tell you.
LOVE! That made my day that you just finished the words<3 what a powerful song! Love you girl! (:
hey it's ur bday you getting old hahahahahahaha j/k
And...they're all gone! Thx for that taste of heaven! Stay tuned for what's happening next week!
“ Seven times down. Eight times up. ” - Japanese proverb
Contrary to popular belief, it's actually the fat that makes you look fat. It was never the dress
Drat! I did not get to pick up my geraniums from the Assistance League today.
Wore my hoodie to work out this morning. Didn't get shot.
the awkward moment when your alone with your ex
I'll admit, I felt nothing while reading that poem.
that was dumb what you just wrote in the CR, haha what you think
Keats dance recital was tonite. Can't wait to post a vid link of his group YUP to G1Cs Breakdown = amazing stuff!
Someone's tryin' to catch me ridin' dirty. You'll win. Just sayin'. =P
flights booked for #Ohio! Excited to see family, have baby Kendall meet the rest of the Ferguson family, and watch in action!
that's right. that is how it must be! The law of attraction. I always try to avoid the opposite cause its contagious as well.
": THANKZ FAM" C'mon homeboy.. thats what we do #Supportfamily. I still gotta get u on dat record...
Operation Free is open to everyone
Idk if anyone has ever watched Money from Strangers, but this is legit the funniest show ever. I've never laughed this hard
Haha! But I'm a dog person, really.
Thanks to the Hotel Foster crew and BJ, Shane, and the Schoepp boys for bringing our residency to close in a blaze of glory last night!
and last but NOT least. thanks for the #f (faithful friday follow) shout out! , you rock!
I remember when people when they were mad at some one would tell them to "drop dead"
Miami Heat are now 2 games (1 loss column) behind Bulls for #1 seed in East after 98-93 win over Thunder. Miami will face Bulls next Thurs.
You have become master of yourself and master of your likes and dislikes by surrendering to your purpose in life. – Albert Gray
The only thing to cure a Brett Favre vs Aaron Rodgers argument is MacGruber. The opposite of
Predictions on tonights #bruins game..??
"All great change in America begins at the dinner table." ~Ronald Reagan
A lot of work to do today! Has to get done!
"#greatapes are on the brink of #extinction. The fate of the great apes has great symbolic implications..." greatapesroad02nell.pdf
I can mention myself . Lol
I assume your income is north of 300k?
Where do you get your clothes? :)
Deefizzy loves pasta.
Thats goal of the week 9 times out of ten for Roger
What was your favorite part of the Dog Show? No spoilers for those who are waiting until Thanksgiving!
Things you should probably never do during a storm....GO!
anyone outside of ESPN it seems
Thanks for the tix. My date and I had a great time
what to bring home as a souvenir from oslo... a troll or woolen underwear?
h*** yeah f***** right. Its a drake song
come over later and ill show you
Lmao 😂RT : yes we were! Omg do you remember all of the little dramas we had on our team? LOL 😄
one of these days.... when #ginaboo starts trending...
This fucking weather can [expletive deleted].
who is funny acting
How da fuck do I reply to "Lol" like seriously :/
Regarding #MothersDay - I do not celebrate a reminder that I was unequivocally rejected by both of my mothers.
#Betty White can get away with saying "the Twitter" and "the Facebook." Anyone else - not so much.
Boom goes the dynamite times three for Prince tonight. Wow.
Even Racheal Nichols knows your a sidekick.I hope Delonte is giving it to your crackhead mom real good.
When buying a home you can often get a discount on insurance if you combine your auto and home policies
Had a talk with my mom about certain things, she has to face the facts already 😌
Waiting is the hardest part. Can you just tell me already!! Either way I just want to know so I can go about my day!!!
no its not, its pats fault lol
no u not
Indeed. Forgive & Forward March...": The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook."
Sweet goodness we Florida residents are loving this delicious weather!
YO, HOW THE F#%K ARE YOU!
#SOTD is Beast by the Acacia Strain. Also #LOTD "We cannot be enemies, but we cannot be friends."
Watching get Punk'd! >>>
So were prisoners in our own house.... Lovely
Aye this nutella has been calling me every since I woke up from my nap, been too lazy to get up and get it
ya and it was at this festival outside so during aar's set there was so many drunk people just standing there watching them omg
Fag? What is that, another term for "a guy who can get more chicks than you"?
Projecting 's leading headline for Wednesday: "Rupert Murdoch acknowledges he is indeed Sarah J. Phillips."
Sadly, I did not. I don't have skills like Katniss.
Chef Steve will be back to Tivoli next week along with the Kids Art Park. Should be beautiful!
Element of suprise
So kimchi made with that pepper paste is my most delicious batch to date. So good!
“: Set your standards so high that it may seem impossible to reach them. Scare yourself with high standards of excellence.”
Gilchrist was #3 on ESPN top plays. UNC losses. UK is #1 GO KENTUCKY!! GO BIG BLUE
iight, you gotta tell me what time to come over though
Do the English people eat English muffins, or are they just called muffins?
wait until you watch Toy Story 3 when your son is older. That's when you'll really be sad.
we can play radar dubs man!!!
Why people want to know if superstars got Facebook? You on twitter and following them. They may respond to you and you can talk to em.
Ty Happy Easter!!
how in the world can a phone cost literally 1 cent with a two year contract but cost $550 without the contract
World wide trip, new offices, new team, great office in Bartlett Tenn, can you believe huge space for almost nothing. We bought a house too
Stop and go on i5 N to portland, after barber
That's benefit increases. 401k argument seems to be that DC can't be underfunded. Does '06-propB also prevent underfunding?
yooo was up sir. We still need to link up
much love! that's awesome man!
Gotta plan something for spring break
How do you know when you have a strong hook?
Send us your urban artwork and we will post to our network
There is bourbon in my blood, music in the air, and a calmness upon my heart :)
#sschat Reviews with QR code scavenger hunt.
“ what u talking about
good just got the never say never dvd hahaa i watched every bit of it even the previews hahaa
My exciting update for the day... Working on enrollment status reporting. :)
- thanks, Tony...as always, appreciated.
OMG! Come on Tom Brady!
"Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking." - Marcus Aurelius
Was not able to see it yesterday so no Lost spoilers today please
Another class act - there should be more people like her - Pat Summitt steps aside as coach of Lady Vols
Thank you so much! #MuchLove to you! ♥ ;)
I feel like shits changing . Im about to be on my SOLO-DOLO shit again . .
Observation is a lost art.
true. I thought I did too but I guess not. Meh.
yasnippet2 is a lifesaver. Love it.
Stupid clicky games like Farmville? That's my guess.
The 1st step in conquering the dreaded QLC is def admitting it which includes self reflection & taking control of ur own happiness!
Dallas wins ! Dirk Nowitzki !
Wrote a story today, so not bad :)
I've always wanted to ejaculate all over the Happiest Place on Earth.
The art of Enagement = actions, reactions, transactions - Brian Solis
Loko June 2nd we need a whiteboy scene and this classic video.
unfiltered sex scenes, awkward bedroom dialogue, mayer hawthorne & LCD on #GIRLS. i'm obsessed.
Im definitely starting to learn "Patience is a virtue" with my whole job hunting. I can't wait to start a new position ASAP.
What do you think about the new e-reader textbooks? Do you think they would be beneficial?
A little smile goes a long way.
": Accidentally sent an email to someone I hate. Recall, recall. This morning is not going well. Ug."Its ok I havent got it yet
Happy National Coffee Day! Where will you be getting your coffee today?
CONGRATS! ! KEEP CHOPPING WOOD!!
supposed to be representative in any way--despite the title's anonymity.
One little tweet can make my entire day even better :)
i hate everyone in this class omg.
Step Up is the best movie ever
"all teh metadatas" talk - Why RDF? triples can be expressed in any format with a stylesheet. FTW!
Yes you get to see Magnolia!! #HartOfDixie glad you love the show!
This home plate umpire has been so inconsistent this whole game both ways.
For some reasons a men that knows how to dress is such a turn on .........plus he smells good with nice smile ......yumm LOL
exactly! You were in the back laughing and texting and I was trying to get her to calm down lol
this relationship shit for the birds!
If I've learned anything from this game... You can't touch Lebron.
Come on by Talin Market for lunch and Oz has FREE Mobile Hot Spot for customers.
sweet man, hope you can go, i dont want to go alone lol
definitely going to check Project Foundry out. Thanks for sharing!
I spend so much time reading. Guess it is the nature of the job. I need to travel more. Been quite some time since I was away
We're quite busy on the weekend. Reservations are highly suggested.
"When dispensing bad news, do it well and people won't forget you. Do it poorly and people will never forgive you."
Number 1 prayer right now: My brother gets the money he needs for him to go to Duke
I will be all weekend. Headed to Florida.
Bout Time .
do yuo want to 2 follower go follow she follow nack and i follow you
off to have some japanese yumyum and then off to a movie!
FYI: George Zimmerman is a murderer. #trayvonmartin. Don't forget!!!
The boy & the football player! ;-) RT : I'm watching too! Best one yet! I want that baby boy! My heart aches for...
Whats for you, is for YOU!! Can't look at everybody else .
Getting ready for a big week.
"Be careful when you think an expensive education is gonna get you a job when there are no jobs to be gotten" been thinking this for a while
My line yesterday though>>>>>>> wet as hell.. Lbs
I wish I had someone to talk to 😔
Reading #50ShadesDarker and picturing the yummy as the smoldering, dysfunctional Christian Grey.
RT : Everyone please be safe tonight !!!!
Haha... Too funny. Tell your mates I say hello. Enjoy.
u should be! Lebron looked shook in that final minute! Sucha #BUM guarantee he never wins a championship!
#cbb2012 Question: Where does Ed White make the case for CBB and Rowson being in conversation? Is this published work or a conversation?
Back from the Caribbean. Tonight- family dinner to commemorate my Dad. It's been 7 long years since we lost him. Still miss him.
Went to presentation on Sakai. Next week edvance360 is presenting. Anyone know anything pro/con for either? How about Moodle?
Yes, I think Lance Armstrong is a liar. Nobody enjoys Michelob Ultra.
that is the most ridiculous picture of me that has ever made it to the internet. And that is REALLY saying something.
370-participant card sort done. I've already noticed different search behaviors among diff user groups.
: Game opponents will need to find a new angle to restrict content and hope another SCOTUS case overturns the ruling.
off to bed
Skylar didn't deserve to go. And I'm not just saying that because I'm from Mississippi. She's an amazing performer.
Good luck!
Go Swimming
RT : I see my klout score has slipped from 61.55 to 61.48. Someone needs to give them a long talk about "significant figures".
Hey, hey, catalog systems aren't boring! They're epic! Gripping! We're getting a new one soon too, so I should know.
We Film MUSIC VIDEOS!
