Should have ran errands yesterday...
Being quiet wont change anything
Rain rain go away!
Watching #Moneyball with the roomies. Want a billion dollar #startup idea? Make moneyball for the ___ industry. God is in the statistics.
I love a good chat with my teenager. School. Ghosts. Drugs. Kidney stones vs child birth. Well rounded chatting. LOL
My body hurts
Somehow I got a zit on my shoulder? Fuckin', Scott Walker!!
RT : Remember there is no such thing as info overload, just filter failure :)
I heard today on 104.3 that ubaldo was 17-5 last year when olivo was behind the plate. That would be nice...
beware the
"If you have no will to change it, you have no right to criticize it."
soo happy its the weekend and the countdown to the imats begins tomm!!!
sometimes that has a habit of collapsing into a heap...
Its spirit fingers from the cheer gods!
Happy Easter Buttons Family!
thank you for the tweet
Woahhhhhh seeing one of your ex'es and his girlfriend at wal mart just now Haha gotta love it.
"Do not mistake temptation for opportunity." -via a lunchtime fortune cookie
Professor: alright let's pick up the pace Student: I'm typing as fast as I can...
Also, Pittsburgh's most kickin' comic book store is on Twitter now. You should totally be following
And I can't say enough good things about the double dose of #Glee last night!
Getting ready to settle down for the evening.
bros before hoes
Excuse my previous tweet. Jon Lester did not get me -18 fantasy points. He got me -23 fantasy points. Ugh.
You forgot "gay."
That nigga spiked the ball in the crowd
check your email box
I feel like I'm not doing enough good in this world. Is that weird?
“: Dont be cocky about your talent or gift.......just be koo”
Found a Ninja's head in my kitchen cabinet this morning!
Looks like it was chilly out there! Amazing pics, as usual. :)
nice. How important is the Made in USA, Made In Manhattan thing?
coffee should be in everyone's future, always
OLLU SOFTBALL: Tied 1-1 against University of Houston at Victoria in 8th inning.
“We do not remember days, we remember moments.” Cesare Pavese
I love having oatmeal in the house.....breakfast is a no brainer every morning and SO easy...
Omg ate too much brownie batter and a brownie
"Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests." ~George Adams
Last week was one of the slowest ever, but I have absolutely no idea where today went.
Why am i so into this new episode of wizards of waverly place. I just gasped out loud. Fml.
congrats on #1 ranking! Did you watch #IU game? Insane!
Twitter has been cleaned up and I'm Proud to announce that if I'm following you you've made the cut for a signed new release CD new :-)
Self-censorship is nothing less than self-amputation.
Shout out to and the Littler KM team. Great talk on KM and partnering with marketing @ #LMA12 very cool KM program
Shoot me an email on time/location? I have a class, so it'll depend on the details =)
Bite her lip and lick her neck.
Anyone have some ideas for T shirts?
get it!
Yeah, that's always ok. Good to hear he's feeling better. Sick pet time is a BAD time.
This bird is so irritating. As soon as I close my eyes it wanna Fcking chirp!
lets get married!!! since i was 5 years old i have had a crush on you
Some of these choirs be kickin it
Live & Learn thru Trial & Error
you're like my aunt! Haha she LOVES to work!She wants to work overtime all the time!
I have too...she don't ever reply to her emails
you are always welcome!
Love Is A Promise , Love Is A Souvenir , Once Given Never Forgotten , Never Let It Disappear .
. Like I told yesterday. No age limit, only those who are fun, like to drink and like to be social
but does Ma have a nature or is it by definition without essence?
your welcome!!
K GUYS HERE IT IS I THINK. IT'S COMIN SOON. LIKE LESS THAN A MINUTE SOON. OMG ONCE THE THING IS DONE
#Tornado #Tourism? People looking for the destroyed #Joplinschools and #St.Johns. A local map sparks debate on the topic in #Joplin, Mo
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you'll be a success. Albert Schweitzer
It's ok..just don't feel well.. :( yours?
- Thanks for a great webinar today!
This Thursday I am presenting New Media Plus here in Las Vegas at a Financial Luncheon... If any of you are interested in attending please …
I was whip'n all day todayy (; thanks to yais husband lol.
haha I know right!? I couldn't believe he said that!
Does anyone have a favorite new LHs song? ... and by new I mean unrecorded.
But forget you guys, I'm going back to Hawaii.
true true, in all fairness I was distracted by my job. Do you ever have that issue when flipping burgers?
#3WordsForYou grow up bitch
Cool! You have video's on youtube?
Hey reminder that we have a Vocab test tomorrow. Science Method vocabulary
I missed it - what was!!??
same here.
in need of a frappe before going into my budget meeting tonight. must pick one up on the way. whole milk, full fat whip please.
3 days of my Jr year left...
The 'OFFICIAL' designation is used when it's a statement from a press release as opposed to just a random tweet.
You ballin anywhere today?
Bit cold out
And your going to be the one heart broken ,
Just saw Lauren Conrad in Whole Foods in Westwood... She looks dumber in real life!
Bout to get chopped up at the barber shop long over due for a fade
Dear mp3, Do NOT play: Some Day, 45, then If You Only Knew by Shinedown in a row. Sincerly, Those are sad songs...
You said you loved me, and i said it too only difference was i didn't lie to you.
who scribbled all night rocking and rolling over lofty incantations which in the yellow morning were stanzas of gibberish
...semester, I technically owe the university almost exactly the same amount of money to be a student that they pay me to work for them.
That’s awesome, ! Which of our bars is your favorite?
Ah crap. Tomorrow morning then?
#FF #shoutout to cause Adrian is fly
I'm working from home and hoping I won't have too much snow to shovel tonight. brrr.
Holding a grudge is like pissing on yourself, nobody feels it but you.
she really is off! You know she fuckin lies. Smh. Mommas bootin...
Yeah, I'm following you and , so I definitely have issues.... :-p
is it a bad sign when u ask a prof for a permish no. and then they send out an email telling every1 to look for hidden gems to fill scheds?
I love this mayor, he looks like me..
Totally perplexed about Kesha on SNL right now. Wasn't she just performing on there recently? This is a very bizarre performance.
also i did actually like the city of philly... so apologize =[
Now they all left a mess for me to clean up. Not very Christmasy of them.
Home page is re-designed. Looks much better. Sales page should be up and running soon. Maybe I can get out for a round now.
#TopFamEnt wishing all the gorgeous mothers out there a REMARKABLE and HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY! We love ya'll!
haha! It was a low blow. Fun amongst friends lol
Going to bed...goodnight twitter :-)
Marcum sharp through 6 and gets hit with singles-Crew needs these games against Padres after last road trip.
HILARIOUS! so much 4 theo changing the "culture!" hes already getting slammed for his coaching search.
“: Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.”
Looking forward to seeing at tonight! Thanks for coming out, Mimi! :) I'm tweeting in anticipation!
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower
check out our free app! You can post real-time location based listings to let SD know where youre cooking! see u @ 57degrees tmrw
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.
I will wire $10 through bank accounts if you take good photos and video record it
"Oh my god, we're going to have to ice skate home - hell just froze over." - Miranda Hobbs, Sex and the City
Pray for Lauren, She's from plano, texas
hmm somewhat. I remember being addicted to kool-aid bursts....
I am mourning an opportunity lost. Sad day = no blue bell. :(
They just said iconic on ABDC... don't say iconic unless the boyz are coming out
katie: are you jealous of the sonic or the museums? i know it's a close tie.
I had to take a good long rest after the weekend, way to go Trojans! Fight On! Traveler
I miss you😢
Chicken, bacon, and cheddar on grilled sour dough $7.95
I second that. Addicted to Karla's closet.
nah dont think of it as leaving me think of it as having an opportunity to speak to me in the future lol!
pleasure hearing you speak as a panelist at the #FSTA Convention. Really enjoyed your input & overall fantasy acumen.
how did your mom like it?
hahaaha no its not its my friend from chi town... Dont worry you get full credit for your nickname :)
Estate Sale in Park Hill starts in a few days. Affordable home furnishings...let's get it gone!
will he wear 18?
if yall knew summer wasnt coming this year would yall still be working out? honestly
A-Fraud chokes again! Love it! Hey Spike Lee and Jay Z, how ya like those apples! Hey Yankees fans, enjoy your winter!
i'm feeling better. :)
Don't forget to check your inbox at 7:30 for our latest newsletter release. This one has the information you shouldn't miss!
Can't wait for your keynote at BEA Bloggers in June!
Tonight is YFC ON FUEL TV and you are not fighting because your a steroid filled loser!
Which part(s) of #redevelopment do RDA enablers want to save? Subsidies? More bond debt? Eminent domain? Tax diversion from public services?
honey! If some1 ever questions your devotion to the Yankees, they haven't seen the tats
oh yea! Lol.I kinda wanna work this year.
is making you crave that greasy food right now. Your welcome
Nothins better than snap backs and tattoos
The quarterly earnings aren't in yet, but I said "what the hell!" joyrides for all later this week.
Must say, I love me some Arizona St Sun (She)-Devils
“: best part about Newt not appearing on the ballot in Virginia? Newt is a resident of Virginia. He cannot vote for himself.”
come over and swim wif me! Forget he's a loser 😜☺😄 #loveyouGman hahahahahaha
so has me curious to say the least about this story
That said, if the N. Korean rocket makes it to stage two, it will be a glorious victory over any orange line voyage w/temps below freezing.
I'm in Neeww Yooooorrrkkk!!!! I love the city!!!! 
The HD signal is bad I have to watch the #Grammys on SD.
So who misses getting up early on a Friday morning, having coffee and meeting great people in Chicago?
DUDE! whats ur fave drink and fave food? what do u like to eat and drink before and after you perform?
6 days...in the capitol of america...with people that i hate... shits bout to go down lol
University of Illinois - CNET
you talking about phones! I never would have guesses that! (;
Just saw a girl with an exposed Bump It.... 😳
RT : Pouring cereal and then finding out there's no milk is like getting stabbed in the kidney.
#10fbtips with tip #8- do "likes" count as responses? GREAT WEBINAR!
it sounds like someones dragging a dead body outside...or someone putting out there garbage.
Any new word on Crawford?
If it rains all day and my fucking game gets cancelled I'm chalking the day up as a loss and just going to bed.
happy birthday hope you have a blessed year!!!
Valentine's day-after: Realizing I can't top yesterday easily or inexpensively.
Same to you! RT Happy #FF to all our new followers this week. You guys are #awesome and
U know my bro omalika is in japan?
#Success in Network Marketing or Direct Sales takes dedication, hard work and good products.
Seattle! You DO NOT WANT TO miss at on May 17th!! Plus new LP
I like her too but I find her accent disturbing. I guess I don't know anything bc yeah, she keeps getting cast haha
I need and a #tazotea to make my #friday complete #taioworldwide - i hope you are enjoying your adventures
Bitch jump off the inner harbor bridge and play with the three eyed fish
Why did the little kid dance on the jar of jam? Because the top said, Twist to open.
Who's ready for another amazing SoCal day?!
Ironic trashed having as a partner! Good thing she's nice and didn't trash him after his crappy performance. Nice girl.
my 8year old cousin has a flat screen tv in her own room accompanied with her own computer.....lol what is life.
Alesha: hi, so nice to meet you tonight and your presentation was so helpful! Hope to see you again at the next mtg. Therese'
Who's dancin' out with NK Airplay Radio today? Our dance loop is on! nkairplayradio.com
u a fool dude! LMFAO!
#fridaylistens Still working on Capital Game by Haig - need to spend more time listening this weekend!
What a lovely 24 hours it's been - reading while my main squeeze fixed din 'Teen Witch' viewing and 12 hrs sleeping during a thunder storm
Oh no. Just heard "secret sauce" used in a presentation and I don't my have my gong nearby.
If I was at home I would go on my patio to read
Gotta give it up to the fans of #OKC they do that arena justice
Great to see all the alumni back in town this weekend for the Villanova game!
Watch tomorrow morning 10am est UCC uccma.net ustream if you are snowed in there in WV You won't have to miss church. Live streaming.
Damn it's almost halftime of the Lakers game smh
Listening to only Chris browns music all day today! Happy birthday hun
Not impressed with this Nectarine-Pomegrante Coconut water... Tastes like Amoxicillian to me.. blah
Holy Bitch.
are you here!?
RT That Suggestion track you have up on bandcamp is crazy man.
Cant put down catching fire
I don't think they should have fought
Me, myself , and I .
James Maslows dick lol what up?
your so nice and pretty no wonder justin bie ber like LOVES YOU
did you see who is going to be at C2E2??
Finally home and sleeping forever...after the Rangers game of course
thanks so much for responding!
So much for my idea of leaving work early to hit the gym before the Friday night crowd.. guess I'll run when I get home instead. :P
Ay, we got a good thing. But I really like you, so is that a good thing?
btw, for those that don't know, Alien AND Aliens are my favorite movies
#SCMS12 break: Hunger Games!!!
Day 2 at the conference is underway! How were the 7:30 sessions?
This tweet made me spray beer through my nose...RT : Tony Siragusa looks like a couch with a suit.
Craving Hibachi and Subway 
I just wanted today to be a good day for you.
Ha at least you dont get mad :p
I need new sunglasses. Pronto.
real honor and pleasure to meet one of my icons at OVW! Thanks for the photo!!!
Just found out today that we are losing our home after 17 years of owning a home not a good day.
Can't believe Carkner only got a 1 game suspension for what he did is really failing with the post season discipline
how is there not a blue tooth mouse yet!? tho I guess that's not the purpose of the ipad
My Biggest Pet Peeve: Don't Touch ME Or MY Shitttttt! *TheShitssAggy
She smiles cause she thinks she has him, I smile cause I know he's mine
Quick question , why in the world is #uwrightnow not trending yet? Students/staff/faculty local & abroad are blowin' it up!
Beware California Pizza Kitchen at Somerset in Troy, MI...got food poisoning and their response was a textbook example of bad management.
Its sunny in Seattle!! Happy Sunday.
My buddy just said he didn't want to go into the pit because he didn't want to get his shoes dirty.... I need my older brother!.
I'm good :) and you?
omg your mom's tree is soo pretty!
I love you, !
My lil brother is being extra random right now
is that the red neck coming out? What is dern tootin?
do u have a boyfriend??
Fwd: Megan beautiful Vanyo how r u:) :D
hey Bo
You act all innocent and cute but at least I know what you're really doing and with who.
Thanks for the RT's!
The question that is on everyone's mind....WHAT WOULD YOU DO WITH THE MEGA MILLIONS JACKPOT of $540 million?
Free meal at #Danshamburgers today for Vets! Hell yeah!!!
happy birthday dude!
Hey Vanessa! Thanks for following.
im gonna say May 17th 2011!
not for me! hahaha:(
Don't worry guys I won't be tweeting about my bike all day
To help International orphans, there needs to be best practices in orphanedges. There are currently none.
Duke city 505 ... get ready! RT : On the air right now with on KSFM in Albuquerque - tune in ;-)
: Man who you tellin
Keep the Hot stuff coming!!
To anyone that asked will this replace the itouch/ipod? Would you go jogging with $1k in your hand? Or ride your bike w/ipad?
I'll try not to!
it would be gorgeous out too. SMH.
heading out soon to cover Westerville levy vote tonight...look for updates thorughout the night!
Omg work needs to be over because the coffee isn't working!
I find the lack of happy hour beer places in providence to be disturbing.
hahaha, something like that. :-)
Adding to your FB status about #Wisconsin sports: St. Norbert's just won the D-3 NCAA Hockey Title
P. 12A headline Little Rock Sunday Demozette, "Weird Portland picking mayor."
Most people struggle to see the real me.... Because there heads are stuck in there asses.
I was wondering if that was it, but hadn't heard it. Thanks!
I'm all italian too, I like it...
Would love to see you. PM me when you're coming!
If i dont know you, youre not coming to my house.
5 More Minutes For The VMA's Pre-Show YEAH BUDDY
Oh god.... In 2020 I'm going to be 30 SMH '_'
True love is about finding someone who can see u better than u can!
I can't wait to see you on Punk'd tonight! #excite :)
what a fantastic picture - (never been to bahrain)
whoa high stakes!
happy easter everybody!
Must. Have. Breakfast.
This situation scared a nigga I'm never smiling beast until they take got that my daddy
and we are still working on the ... stay tuned!
#tragicmoviedeathsJames Caan as Bryan in Bryan's Song
I feel like you two are really saving me from some serious therapy bills! Haha
I'm hitting up the Boston show.
I'll make the most of the next 12 days. What's the Twitter equivalent of not holding the door open for somebody?
RT : Default [*user*] has changed from the [*lurker*] to the "friend." Network wealth is created from "friends."
We are stoked too! Welcome aboard! RT Just got my first freelance piece for Stoked for this :)
Best to have some sort of express option like metrolink, but if you build it, they will come.
Haha, that's perfect! I need to say this to myself whenever I get a sweet craving (everyday)
RT: Hey tweeties in the Madison AL area, Come see me tonight at Country Hearth Inn, Doors Opens at 8, Show at 9pm call 256-693-2004 for tix.
I deserve better damnit!
What's a"TV"? I think my parents had one.
ADM Mike Mullen: Services worry about wether their system or program survives, not if their program was the best.
Woo! 4 hours of sleep
I'd like to have 1000 follies!!! Come on pple!!!
On the plane for #disneysmmoms yay getting psyched!!!!!
Walking the talk is as much about listening as it is walking or talking.
Loving family traditions this weekend! Keeps everything in perspective
I miss you like crazy and listening to these sad songs aren't helping
What will 's 1000 tweet be? The world is waiting.
will post pick tweet on game in about an hour.
It's Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday.
I'm suck a loner -.-
I'm at a payyyyyphone trying to call home all of my change I spend on you
Done and will continue!! Let's go All Star Racing!!
The concept of "North #Baltimore" eludes a surprising number of people. East/west geography predominates.
Prefuse 73: one word extinguisher ... Seminal glitch album
OK. I am wearing silver sparkles tomorrow for #NYE (either dress or top) with spiked pumps. Do I do sparkly nailpolish or bright/dark color?
Id be content with matt forte to the patriots....
man its time to slay these thing u call legs
Just saw project X, made me really upset that I have a fucking SAT in the morning.
#69Factsaboutme 30. I always straighten my hair.
Hams workout tonite. Lying leg curls, stiff leg deadlifts, one leg curls. 45 deg lying quarter curls. Calves with my baby
“: This is when #sometimesyouhavetobeabitchtogetthingsdone kicks in.” bellissima you sound stressed
Early ape, the way home, Katie barbato, daniel collins and Michael ronstadt have been one of the best, most cohesive openings to a show!
'I have a whole bottle of Pinnacle...I can YOLO all I want!!!' -KT
MONEY IS DEFINETLY
Every time I consider being healthy, I remember donuts.
Go gk go RT : SO CLOSE!
Doing a couple of stretches and saying " I went to the gym" is not going to get you in shape people..eat healthy-cut out sugar, lift weights
LOL!! I swear I am on the verge!! At least I noticed huh??? :-)
Free Joy and Peace eCard - eMail Free Christmas Greeting Cards Online
same -.- but I'm waiting to D: ha I think I made a new friend xD
Thinking about spending $140 to get custom Reeboks Zig pulses w/ BUCN on back... Hm..
Sometimes it is better to break down in tears and show some emotion than to keep it all inside and not tell a single soul.
John and Kathy Larson, (both alums and chairs of parents council) on stage. Turns out daughter Caitlin is 24th Bruin to attend
Money, Money, Money is the sequence, without it I'm scratchin...lottery tickets
co-writer & co-dir of The Office UK Stephen Merchant stand-up #comedy 2night Congrats on the sold-out show!
Luminaria in San Antonio tonight!
Sorry about the last couple of updates, FB friends, I'm playing around with Twitter. Deact'd auto feed, using SelectiveTweets now.
RT : One day you gone learn aint NO other female gone put up with the shit I do.! / wys ikr i tell my dude the same thing!
You've been calling this morning asking for it, so here you go. Fish Tacos for lunch again today!
Why not the two Matt's? Skelton vs. Cleveland's pass d is a bad matchup. And D. Thomas over Plax. And a new TE.
Businesses: What would be the process 4 them setting up mini versions/offices within schools?
Your welcome(:
Last year's THATCamp was indeed magical. But we might be able to do something if some of us can be present.
My therapy led me to find my hidden passion. There for my Passion has let out an intense secret "Loofah Soaps n Creations" ..secret is out
Hi Mimi. So great to be connected with you through twitter. Your writing and work is a gift to the world.
wrong hole. try again.
RT Desperate times call for desperate measures. Justifying my reconciliation with certain diet method ( ╥ ﹏╥)
Ahh fuck my brother goes on his trip in a week, I'm going to miss him.
wanna follow a sexy rapper who's birthday's tomorrow ? FOLLOW &' GET HIM TO 10k !
Whoa! Already at 19 games on MLB Beat the Streak. 824 overall.
'Cause you are on my mind.
Office gem of the day, courtesy of : "Don't mess. With the CSS."
Well i was watching a movie with my family last night right after i watched the new episode
i wanna hear it!
Ah Buzzard... My nemesis!
The Rock is huge!!!
Ever go to 's Seattle show & feel super old because everyone is talking about prom and you're about to get a degree? Me neither.
Thank you everyone that was at the & show tonight. You all made beautiful videos.
The first apple store opened in Hong Kong! Its like half the size of soho location with 50X amount of ppl crammed in.
You're here ♥
sweet sweet, I'm Gluten free
i miss u more(:
sounds more like food descriptions to me.
Sittin at home instead of goin to the dance.
I'm surprised you're still wanting to live knowing with the fact you could be homeless if it keeps getting worse-
You can never listen to too much biggie
Person that excels adapts to external environment and controls how they respond
thinking time..
we go to the same church and I have yet to say hello. I'm not sure if it's appropriate haha
A huge AVATAR welcome to Juan Pablo Ordóñez who is part of the team here at AVATAR :-)
- congrats on the new house!!
#4 in MWC is worth that much? RT Colorado State's Tim Miles to Nebraska is official - per source. 7 years at 1.4 mil per season
There Is Hope- Zoo Brazil
Win American Idol Live Tix with today's Baltbuster Bonus! Brand new Baltbuster coming up at 7:35a!!!!
you said: So my dog just ate like 4 benadryl should I be worried...basically the same thing
Finished final dress of Drowsy Chaperone! Definitely worth a see!
For A3: think simple but work with big players. Find the experts and get them together. Have them play nice in the sandbox.
=) You've sparked my interest about how much you think my class experiences are worth ;). Are B pay rates shocking?
BU Events Center is opening as shelter
There…the skirts of wind.
Yes sir! Great game yesterday.
Young Justice Legacy poster!
You guys are pretty fantastic too! RT: we're very familiar with , they are great!
Be gotta be kidding me...8 plays inside the 1 and No Steven Jackson...no wonder the rams lose so many games....dumb ass coaches
Wishing I had a Peeta or at least a sister like Katniss </3
ORDER PHOTOS HERE! PERSONAL AUTOGRAPH PIC'S MARK ROBERT BROWN AS "DON' IN "AND THE CHILDREN SHALL LEAD"@
that's a new one for sure.
I could really go for some Too bad its Monday.
bad news for the people of San Diego and the future of the park.
Hi, if U R are still looking to study in NYC email mention twitter as your source.
Why is it so easy to spend hours looking for the perfect desktop wallpaper?!
Cant wait for the Laptop Lunch today!! :)
Yo. School's out soon, so... breakfast club.
Its crazy how you do so much for people and no one appreciates it!
When life gives you lemons you get lemonade..;)
yeah! theres a link on my bio if you want to check it out
haha he does look confused on the mound. You at the game?
Just because you were told, its cool to do this, doesn't mean it fits you, It's not always good to be a follower
Smaller but Smarter is Better! No more wasted space! OVE and optimize materials with a "greener" box!
I can't help but think back to that night and wonder how it could've gone differently.
Happy PB & J day! I've had amazing PB & J pancakes... Any other local #restaurants have a signature PB & J item?
I drive 15k mi/yr * 25 * 1.6 (conversion)=600k kilometers. In essence, can I get a world record of some sort?
Thanks again for visiting yesterday! If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp and Google Places!
That wasn't necessary that was a low blow...not cool
appreciate the love
#InstantTurnOn Sense of humor
is that the long version of "duh"?
Truly love Jlo but was not crazy abt that performance on idol, & the "kid" she baby-sit$ groping her was so lame. Wack choreography!!
will definitely make a point to do that soon. Have been meaning to pick that one up for years!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Crazy, Stupid, Love.
sweet almost done wit it I figured what was wrong with them joints.. They were too loud man I turned em down..
is enjoying the view of the sunset
Thanks! RT : "Okay, THAT was all kinds of awesome. GO RECYCLE MAN!"
This is going by so quickly
I'm following 1,306 Twitter people... I'm heading for 2,000. Who's going to be my lucky follower?
Pretty interesting that Rio Ferdinand was dropped from the squad too. Well you didn't think the FA would drop the racist one did you? ;-)
not sure ... Send me the details and I'll try to make it.
When even the "tick" of the clock is more annoying than usual<<<
oh yeah i know :"P lol
They tell you that it cant be done because they haven't seen it for themselves but I will rise above all that and show you
Lindsborg conference to feature National Geographic photojournalist Richardson - McPherson Sentinel
Fall classes resume September 8!
Going straight to sleep when I'm finish my classes
adrenaline kills it after a good blunt. Good work
I'm planning to make my own "mud colored" oil paint with the mud Joan gave me. This is so exciting!
So the lets everything go on Sunday, resulting in an embarrassing game. Now everything is called, resulting in an embarrassing game.
Survey of 2400 commuter cyclist: 95% ride 4 health + fitness, 82% ride 4 environment, 52% avoid congestion, 46% ride 2 save money on gas
Sometimes, the best person to take care of and make smile. Is yourself.
and this is why we continue to support you guys. You guys show how appreciative & thankful you guys are.
Jim Guthrie, owner and first technician of Car Crafters, started shop in his parent's garage as a teenager.
#sustainablefish I ate an anchovy for the first time yesterday. Reminded me of sushi!
#BOYFRIENDReview I think #BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made :) #proudbelieber 66
#Rangers on the board 1:32 into the first, Brad Richards beat Holtby through traffic, Carlson was right in front screening
Heyy Ju;) I live in Pasadena;) hahah! Poptarts? You should come here! Bring me some Jack Wills stuff too;) xx Miss you!
Take pics Justin while ur there k
I haven't looked into classroom uses of For Better for Verse recently...I wonder if has used it and can offer advice?
“: Ladies it tis baby powder season! Don't get caught with the hawt twat! ♨🐱😲” yeah dnt get caught wit tha hawt twat 😱😱😱😲😲
Shud up :D did I ask you if you cared ir not?. I don't think so(:
A really good thrill ride! go watch
Appeal to find families who will adopt youngsters - Ripley Today
Thanks for RTing!
Usually there are not black and white solutions when dealing with poverty... I sure wish there were, though.
Playing The Masquerade Heaven Stage Saturday October 15th Atlanta!!!
sorry, man. key is out. i am the keeper of the keys!
Documenting Saturday Member Play 4 of 5 for Transparency to Non-Members: Ohio St. -5 CBB
All ages Fourth Friday Acoustic tomorrow at 6:30pm, here at the library. Bring your guitar or just come and listen!
There should always be reasons
Top-notch journalists retiring today from We applaud as they leave but will miss their leadership and experience. Job well done, all.
awkward moment when your boyfriend calls you by your bestfriend's name... "Courtney" is no where near "Samm" . . .
Women are precious relational beings.
« #Taurus never want much; they have all they need.»
“: Lol I really dont know you , but some of your tweets are haliarious! #Creeperstatus” dude your lame LMFAO!!!!
Hugh Laurie as Dr. Gregory House in House, MD?
#MovieOrBowelMovement is trending, HA... why not both? I prefer to say, Just dumped one out.
Super excited about that session as well!!
fighting with the ones you love<<
I'd like to go to that party.
Greasy hair, pale skin, stick skinny, and a sexy brother. No wonder world domination was Loki's plan
Brand new clip, Brand new nine, Brand new bitch, Brand new ride
"start by doing what’s necessary, then do what’s possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible"
i appreciate all the bday love...thank you.
Very true.
DEB looks like a rainbow exploded... And I love it!
Sometimes people don't notice the things we do for them until we stop doing them.
then you won't get first downs. Game over. You will never win with cutler. He's a choker.
gotcha homie, gonna be sooner than later on that....
I think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability.
i just went and bought 10 sheets of paper didn't you want me to draw him? o_o
mine will always be I'll Be :')
food coma
Jerry Sandusky wrote a book a decade ago, its title? Touch.
I have privileged intentionality in my actions.
Hi, How are you doing? :)
Justin Ima Duude..But i still support ur music man!! aha can u follow me???
Can't wait to see live tomorrow ! Haven't been able to see a regular season match yet!
What a great evening at 's #HiddenShamrock tonight. Thanks, Julia, Scott, Michael. Awesome people, great bar.
So you should definitely show our labelmates and pals some love!
If you want to find out free info on nutrition and get free snacks go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
I don't know what's gonna happen but I'm not stopping. ME3 OMG!!! So good!
how's cali man? You gus moved out to bakersfield right?
A kind heart isn't at peace if those they love are in turmoil.
February 1945....U.S. marines raise the America flag in Iwo Jima
everything is meant to be thankgod for everything
It's lunchtime and im hungry.. what to eeeaat??
Firefighters rescue 42-year-old woman from McKelligon Canyon
So it's raining...how many bitches wanna cuddle?
my stomach hurts soo bad..:(
That's why I would like to see Rev. CL Bryant's documentary "Runaway Slave," that shows their enslavement by liberal policies.
Hi, my name's Rob. Give her 3 seconds. If she answers. You're all good. If she looks at you weird, then ask what next stop is
The Harrington School of Communication and Media wishes a Happy and Safe Spring Break to all #URI students & faculty!
We're having our Practicum Screening celebration tonight. We're so proud of the work our students did for &
I finally reached 1.3k followers & I didn't even notice it. *shrugs*
Baby N and I are busy taking in all #ATX has to offer so we know that we are offering you the BEST through Bump Club and Beyond Austin!
oh...uhm...yeah. That's rather nerdy. :-)
Didn't think it possible, but Sam Jackson's "Hotspacho!" is an even worse punch-line than Will Smith's "What?!" Gonna be a long summer.
I lied :| I said I was gonna do my homework.. I took a nap instead, Lol.
Had same challenge. Would juggle bet. institutions to figure out a summer semester where I still had contact hours left.
thanks, I am too! :)
"Transaction with seller went smoothly and quickly, product arrived promptly." - Ann from Peru, Indiana
55% Favor Repeal of Health Care Law; 56% Expect Costs to Rise
Murder suicide here in St.Anthony. All is quiet here this morning. Details at 5:30 and 6 on
Did you know? Jonas Grumby was the name of the Skipper on Gilligan's Island. It's only used in a couple of episodes.
was pretty cool
I genuinely smile whenever a student emails a final project & admonishes me to have a great summer.
Check out our new blog! www.internshipconnection.blogspot.com
"The Encore of Tony Duran" is Loving
I only took the "spin" class version since I usually had to run to work after it, but she was a fantastic hands-on instructor
#hotpeopleifollow they are so great. FOLLOW THEM(:
Pretty soon nfl is just gonna b flag football..just sayin...
RT : Thanks to all who attended the #CWISMC. Was a pleasure seeing familiar faces and meeting some of the brightest people in...
"Winning isn't everything" -Mark Cuban
Lol, beat ya! I'm already in bed! Good night!
Dolphins struggling to keep season-ticket base at 30,000
that's all im doing, watching recordings - what I love about online presentations - fits my schedule!
Why are yall so ...HAPPY ?!
": "A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road." H. W. Beecher"
I kept getting a similiar message using Explorer. So for that and a lot of ther reasons, I switched to FireFox yesterday.
Ok u may not smoke BUT I bet u eat PORK or do somethin else foul. Please dont
My dear brother. Class act. #dontworrystillveryproudofyou RT : Meeting with higher ups? Check. Fly open? Check.
Faaack i have to go to a review sesh in 10 min
this is sickness RANGERS!!
Watching the Brewers spring training games. SO excited for Opening Day!
Gaby and i making #tellatubby noises during hebrew school
do you want to hold food drive at #mikac3 this Sat?
We wanted to wish the 2011-2012 SAPB President a happy birthday!
yeah I guess that would make sense
Can't wait to be done with our Citi Miles rewards. Biggest joke of rewards company ever. I think they invent ways to obstruct.
Thanks Kelly!
Thank you OverDrive for changing the wording on Penguin eBooks to "Kindle devices via USB only".
I can hardly wait!!!
Play ya part
I want a tattoo.
Catching up on yesterday's paper after a biz trip. How come Biz Travel section only features images of men!!!!!
Yes, so have I.
If KU wins makes a contribution to KCUR. If OSU wins, I make a contribution to his station, KWMU, St. Louis.
Big congrats to all the #MSU graduates today!
Wow....finding this out just killed me....:'/
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily d
This is where I wish my phone had internet.
should I go to project graduation?
done for followback ☑ ;)
Follow back?<3
no, i came back in July of 2011... and when i was in hollywood i got a tour, and i could see the nick jonas house:) lol
MAHOMIES GO HARD
its because we ran out of chincken tenders guhhh wahhhhhh :(
time for
Waiting at Giordano's in Chicago to have my first taste of Chicago pizza. And it's 17 degrees out...painful cold.
The joy that isn't shared dies young -Anne Sexton
You are so beautiful!
i feel bad for all the babies born today.
Retail + Social + Mobile =
": the movie you picked lacked what they call in the business "an ending"." Snap!
so cruel
I love cupcakes!! :D
Words of Shakespeare came out in characters.-Lowry
Good stuff, tweets the guy who got about five hours sleep last night ... <yawn>
Happy Birthday !!!!
I'm at a str8 bar. Lol. Let's see what happens.
good morning
you can soon once we have our website up :)
First time leaving my dorm with my backpack on.
Hero of the day Steven A. Anderson. Great material, knows what he's tweetin about.
Loaded pictures from SLA Ldrshp Smmt to facebook. Great meeting; great memories.
What's the best twitter app out there? My Tweetdeck is no longer functioning...
Had a great visit today. Amazing to see Picasso's Guernica in person
Running sucks. I'm so sore.
RT : . Whatever you do: DO NOT POLLINATE! > Don't worry. I'm divorced.
"Let me show you, let me show you the way to go..."
: I know. I Miss it a lot! I want to go back to the way we used to be. Us being together every single day!!
ah rats!
brazilian bbq and tapas is whats hip now. Sushi is old news
Geez, I'm here. No need to yell. RT : PCC Cascade campus at noon!! Be there!!
What I still wonder in Braun case, is who leaked it? Everybody claims innocence.
Just had to break into my own house hahahaha
hehehe. I think Weeden will do great things there, especially with Trent Richardson up & coming, too. We shall see!
Jump Out Boys
I love ya too girl
i'm working a double this saturday :(
I'm a writer so have plenty more where that came from:)
all the desert / creatures digging in & down / the heat here to stay
Ugh I'm dying
#MadeItWork Trying to bring together sponsors, the military, love of country music and love of our country to support our troops in concerts
True :) RT : #Gemini can do what you do and do it better.
This is killing me!
Yep. We'll pick up a few pieces to cross over, then wrap it up and turn it over to Image, who will handle release.
Try our pizzette of the day, roasted onion, marinated olives, fresh mozzarella cheese and a light tomato sauce base!
There is no friend as loyal as a book
I didn't know you were a George R.R. Martin fan! I love the ice and fire series, even before it became a show.
if you see me follow you and I had already followed you, just know I didn't unfollow on purpose. shits fuckin up
So much hidden by language, Art, Myth, etc
I'd like to go but the white guilt will probably keep me home.
& are getting rave reviews! There is still time left. PLUS there is an ice cream truck here!
Headed to Fox12 Studios to film for PDX Reports with our magicians from the Sprit of Magic Dinner Cruise!
Hey , thanks for the retweet!!
I have to request to follow you on Instagram?! I thought I was special! :(
Don't forget about the tonight!!
yeah. so what is your name?
We'll be releasing a video soon to explain everything :)
Youre beautiful until your Photoshop 30 day trial expires..
Your presence should always be remembered so dress the par
why aren't you going back? What happened?
for the record team names: "CarlosSpiceyWiener" and my wife's is "Short bus Raiders" yeah, she's a special ed teacher.
Black veil brides is on the avengers soundtrack...odd
Spectacularly beautiful Sunday! The day I most look forward to seeing. The one who lights up my heart & face w/ a smile. My favorite by far!
Where Can You Go? Mt. Washington. Why? 2night & have a few pints & cans with the folks from from 8-10PM
I'm starting a #Bridal Registry for all my clients and their friends!
I want her friend tho. The nerdy looking one that likes girls lol.
dont play with fire
lets go!
Looking forward to #bikefit technology demo's booth & some wind tunnel meetings with manufacturers
Driftwood? I think I'm still a member.
I have a serious addiction to How I Met Your Mother
Airport hiking! A great fitness regimen!!
OH MY LORD
"DON'T EAT IN MY FUCKING CARE. Well, YOU can eat in my car. They can't though." I feel loved.
hey how are you hey today is my b-day I wish you was here
I had a dream about Magica De Spell.
get ready!!!! New DJSCOTTYCOLLINS MIX ARRIVES TOMORROW!!!!!
While O's green machine strives to clean-out America's old school autos, Finland's #FHRA vigorously restores & upgrades our discarded metal.
not gonna lie, can't wait to play travel trouble in the car on the way to Hilton head
Let's all get together soon!
follow me on instagram
I'd be surprised if Nuggets win game 7. Don't see it happening.
Happy, Happy Birthday!!!!
omg Ottawa and Dixon are on the map!
check out re: disrupting healthcare
ah, sounds interesting - remember pathauto is your pal
We were there, saw your great designs. Way to go!
Our new iPad journal app "eJournal" just released in app store! Search for "eJournal" on apple iPad app store now.
There are so many bronies at this convention. Oh, hello boy dressed as Rainbowdash.
New Party Bus getting close to completion and by far the coolest bus to hit the streets of OKC!
- morninq classes are horrible , but rather get it over with
Ok... I'm back on track! Now what!?
omg yes
I'm a happy woman !
hey any honky tonk plans while you're in Austin? I'm in a limbo where UX friends left and music friends not here yet.
#Twitter #Addicted .
luckily its no trouble, only because we are growing, but they are expensive.
8:00pm tonight! Part 2 of "My Image" on LA Talk Radio .com Listen in!
finish reading The Bad Guys Won bout the 86 Mets. The 86 Mets make the 90's. Early 2000's Yankees look like a couple of wimps
Ha ha -- yeah, we'd love that, too! Those bands are not anywhere near our affordable range.
If memory serves me right some ladies are getting together for pizza at waldos tonight. Check with on facebook : )
do people still say that? do you still say "winning!" too?
some of the community colleges can train in facilities maint. some do a good job in hydraulics maint.
I would give up everything for one moment with you; for one moment is better than a lifetime of not knowing you...
they better not hehe it's gonna be an epic game 4 and 5 :D
Alright its an upscale crunkness in the air...line is out the door.....POSH FOLKS
I really want my ps3 and Final Fantasy XIII-2 now please...
Who else is ready to rock out to tonight?!
My mom wanted me to use the car to go to the store but I'm to tired its me time! I know she mad lol
ur performance was amazing i loved it :)
Wow..almost passing out from a heat stroke at work. Thats cool.
This ice cream cone so good right now
Taco Bell Flow!
nice to have you back
miss you
Nice! 48F and sunny in twin cities; little early for #AAM2012--maybe explore?
Thanks for the RT!
Great way to get to LAX for much less!
we'll see about that.
Yay! Congrats, Teach!
Off to an amazing class! I always leave feeling inspired and creatively energized!
oh neither. Just a hard working 26 yr old. Lol
Yes we are RT : Plenty of great places. has been really open to meet-ups.
TREE INFO-Keep watering your newly planted trees-Even when it rains!
I don't wish to be everything to everyone, but I would like to be something to someone.
What film was it!?
RT : Obama says, "Lock your doors"
I feel the same
Super tired. Ready for the day to be over. 😔
ok good:) I'm so sorry for snipping at you!!
he leave the 24th so I still have a little while before he leave and your brother leave pretty soon!
nah its just my tits arent big enough to notice me
Sad to hear Sarah Welsh plans to leave the helm at NM Foundation for Open Government, next year. She'll be missed.
Watching Pooh Bear before bed...with all my stuffed animals on my bed. :)
LATIN WAVE is playing tonight at 830-1230!
Hope everyone has a wonderful weekend!
SAME THING I SAID
Morning people, another fresh day in your life. Don't waste it on nonsense.
I now know how I would react driving thru/in a tornado. Not pretty.
RT When architectural texts overuse the word erection.
you can have Niall now
Think he played baseball, too, so he gets to lend his "expertise" to both sports.
Tonight's show at Stoli's has been cancelled due to an illness. Sorry everybody.
if you #love #bread, then check out our LoveBread! It stimulates your brain!
People looking at me cause Im tweeting and laughing!
stuck in the cold..stuck in the cold..no place to go..cold guns bloooowwwwowowowo
can't believe its coming up on a year... crazyness. Miss you, get your butt to the east coast asap. Love Love
If you are uneasy every time someone rubs you the wrong way or you are rejexted, how will you ever get polished? You can STAND / OUT.
the apogee duet 2 is now in my ownership and possession. aw yeah!
If you follow then the van will start competing in NASCAR events. Who would drive? cc:
@ thanks Thomas. Hope you had a great weekend.
Often imitated, never surpassed. Thanks for making Wild Thursdays the HOTTEST Thursday nite!
Have a badasss weekend, we are following back!
Had a game day convo with today! Never heard him more focused then today. That's a man on a mission right there!
FOLLOW ME
BIT : A word used to describe computers,as in 'Our son's computer cost quite a bit ' - Alfred. E. Neumann
Power restored = AC on! I'm excited about working around the house today.
i really really hate history homework...
Sell your cell phone here! We repair all electronics!
Hahahahahaha this one really gets me
already done. Had no choice
But a best friend will go up to him and say, "It's because you are gay, isn't it?"
No I don't know everything BUT I do know enough to make me Dangerous!
Surprisingly, on this first day of wearing shorts in 2012, my legs are not as translucent as I had expected them to be.
Now I'm at the SLA Fellows and Rising Stars panel - go Clara!
I would totally be sprinting there if I was in TX!
I feel the need to leave you just because I dont want to hurt you.
yes he'll do it, are you still in SF?
ANA! Go to my profile!!! You'll understand when you get there!! Love you <3!!
#SACK Can't handle the GRILLED CHEESE!!!!
Thanks Chris! I love kicking arse when possible!
We'll do our best to oblige! :)
ha(: my point exactly! im only 12..:(
I would have much rather LOVED if that was on the other end of that beating
Getting some projects done and just in need of family/friend time :)
All anyone wants to do anymore is smoke pot...
i've now gone bowling with both The Wanted AND Channing Tatum this week lol #TooMuch :)
have fun in the studio. Do well!
A teenager what a bunch of liberal lowlifes they are.
advertise your business
Niggers are so fucking stupid, slow, and deaf. Wtf. How did they get pass the first grade. I'm tired of Ben Davis Niggers. Blacks r diff.
Mourdock knocks off Lugar in U.S. Senate primary
ROFL! I couldnt go back to sleep :P.. And Merrp they must suck!
This is amazing! You've really captured FOT. Thanks!
Helped take down tents today at Occupy, not one single needle or piece of hazardous waste. Just mice! EEk! Shouldn't have worn sandals!
I know, I know. But our generation may be the last to know or care...
yes excited 4 this years! : #GayPrideParade just got mentioned. teacher was in it. survived it. you were there too
lol I still need to get it checked out cuz it hurts worse than a twisted ankle
Just dropped off Little People at the hotel. Cool dude.
Son Como Son (((This Friday))) @ Salsa Under the Stars!!! 7pm!
It's lunch time!
Wenger says beating the top teams is vitally important. The last 2 yrs have shown Arsenal are just not strong enough
i was JK BUT SRSLY. we can go to the park?
Let's get it done tonight LAKERS!
Rip dj jazzy josey. More than a DJ she is my nieces grandmother
It's raining & I don't have a chick & the ps3 broke
You seriouslydisgust me.
yeah sure
Can't wait for the new season...let's just say my doorbell is a pineapple.
not if I kill you first hoe!
RT A big "Thank you" for the
that is pretty much the coolest tweet, ever!!! You are my new hero!
#NowPlaying Every Little Thing by ♥
haha Ight kid sounds good you still have the same number ?
#TPBookTitles Fumbles at the 50: My Struggles at Ohio State
RT ok. Sure! Just let me know when u r available to talk in more detail. Best days for me r fri & sat. <--that works
what you need?
you couldnt handle me even if i came with an instruction manual(;
Wow New York we got a foot and half of snow.
The US military can't/won't fund any candidate. And if they could, the guy cutting the DOD budget isn't it.
twitter is kind of pointless.. yet i still continue to tweet
CQ Today, today: A breakdown with Meg Scully of some of the issues surrounding the detainee provisions of the Senate defauth bill.
No matter how much money someone makes if they still think like a broke person, they're broke
Oomf know I want ha but she playing !
Returned last night from a great three days of team meetings with two of our PGA-Tour clients Tom Pernice Jr. and Ben Crane.
Im going to buy an electric guitar :) if my mom would let me :| but i wanna lear how to play it though :)
First day of class went well. Gotta study for my test tomorrow.
I think they sippin on i can fxck with him juice
Going to see The Raven with the madre.
get back in your cage!
Do you all post up grants, etc?
RT if you believe me :)
u know thats what u said. Lol
shorter Rep. Denny Mac: "folks, this is common sense"
Mat Class Sale: TODAY ONLY : 10 classes ONLY $100. (That's saving $15/class!)
General Meeting tomorrow at 1 PM! Be there! :)
talked my mom into getting me the iphone :) well hopefully... lol
hey again!!Mate!! Lol luv to say that!!!!
Lady at hardware store: I need a hinge. Clerk: Wanna screw for that hinge? Lady: No, but I'll blow you for the toaster.follow
#SMPP I wanna be a shaker!
Peer pressure is a bitch and she my best friend! #
im scared to touch water when it lighting & thunder cause i watch too much tv o.O
Get down here! RT : Having a great time dancing to this badass DJ where you at?
LIES I hated code Veronica! :p
This is some BS! #makesnosenae!!
Are you serious
#worstpassword 12345..... 12345? thats the same combination i have on my luggage!
RT : Welcome to our official Twitter account! Follow us!
another Monday another school day -.-
ha! maybe that's how stuff like enron and the ponsky scheme happened...
There's something about that Get It Done by that just makes you close your eyes and raise your drink like you at the liquor house.
I am definitely into formalities.
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.-- Frank A. Clark
aww shit its caking time for lovely couple & .....love is in the freakinn air
Congratulations! RT : And Kappa Theta brings home the title of Regional Ms. Black and Gold! Congrats Megan!!
BABE I CAN TALK TO U BOUT SUTTINREAL QUICK HIT ME UP
I always get super sad while watching videos about the wars.
I did when I had time!! I have been wanting to get them done, no joke;)
Tracking the Oracle+Sun webcast over
that's awesome! I should be there late, mañana noche to see our new Zeckovich family member!
I need a job. Someone hire me. I'm really good at office work and sex but I can't accept less than $15 an hour for either.
i always wanted to be an actor
Here is a toast to all the fallen #Soldiers and current Soldiers who continue to protect our freedoms. God bless America!
sounds like you had a great time!!
Shout out to my man for stopping by the pad and coppin a ticket for tonight's album release show!
never going to make sense
You got to hand it to Phil, when he flames out, he flames out in SPECTACULAR fashion!!!
same as robert sallie pills??
One of our therapist just signed up, and is quite excited and hopeful, for her first TRX class. What's your experience with TRX?
Why did I recently start caring.
start fresh for a #freshstart ;P
thank you Ali!
Yes it did.
On behalf of Ruru, BearBear tweets :Night-night. I learned this word today."night-night"
Wondering how can only have 1 notary working? 10 employees have said hello, but none can notarize. Unbelievable.
K somebody help me out here...how can I watch Mad Men online?
Kev, sounds good, was just in prague, vienna and amsterdam so was close by but not close enough...
Some days are full of surprises
I wonder who's signing autographs at the Browns Draft Party.. Anyone know??
every girl/woman #herowrld was amazing today. Taking a step towards being all you can be. Her World
How can I incorporate hand weights into my routine?
Office design is done! A sketch to reality. Raise a glass of red to toast. Now
#chartership Great idea! Will look forward to it.
Going to get my #TrampStamp either tomarrow or next weekend
RT : Measurement is only necessary when the result isn't blindingly obvious.
That nap killed my headache. Hallelujah glory days.
PLEASE follow mee(: it would make my life, I've been trying to get u to follow me forever<3
Yeah,she's THAT Dumb!!!
Rabbit Romping in the sun with the little one !
nice Trace! Kill it tonight mate!.. hope all is well! Ciroc and lemonade when you get back.. have fun!
My mom is out to get me since I wasn't living up to her standards
I hate that guy 😡
Email me at dejiac[at]gameradvice.com and we will get specific =)
RT VCU Chartering Banquet. Congratulations gentleman!
Direct deposit is so convenient
im small enough u should just take a large suspicious man purse and ill hide in it :p
That's wrong on so many levels but, LMFAO ... *Drops Head*
Keep your head up when running, nothing like barreling down and running as fast as you can... right into a tree or light post
Dont waste ur time sobbing after yesterday and start smiling for tomorrow
I don't wanna get up....
they had to move to a lab (had a hard time in gallery without a head tracker)
My Son Is Really Kicking TF Outta My Stomach So Im Finna Lay It Down!
One Game.
notarial hands from any age are difficult, and certainly more frustrating than presentation mss. lecture notes, however...
It's a fuckin rap!!!! I just remembered I got enough to get a tool.
gave us an Almond Roka (?). Now my throat itches. She's trying to knock off the competition!
Apparantly #TinkerTaylorSoilderSpy was/is also a TV series in Europe.
LOVE Arya's face when she tells Tywin "Anyone can be killed."
Yeah, but where's the warranty on those hours of your Friday night? Hope u get 2 start ur weekend soon.
What happens to the losing team's cupcakes?
4 months of patient chivalry and courtship down the fuckin drain. feel for me twitter
#shame is right Berube. I AM very busy....catching up on #downtonabbey. It's a masterpiece classic
GovBrewer must B so proud banning #PP funding 4 pap smears & other lifesaving women's health tests. Idiot! Zero #PP funding was 4 abortions.
It's not?
Please follow me !!!<333333333333333333333333333333
Went to bed with a sweater on and a heated blanket
Some people need a serious reality check..
so I think I'm just gonna watch easy a instead of reading the scarlet letter. It's like the same thing, right? (:
we hunted in Wisconsin last week and came home empty handed. Like a magic eye pic. Once you see 1, you see them everywhere.
Albert Einstein was an avid body builder. (thanks to Eric Snyder)
won't get to see you as often though! Ha
Knoxville, Tennesse is the number one place in the country for spring allergies. Figures. Ha not suprised :p
fist bumps ok. Also I don't do stubble. & I'm a chick among many who knows her damn stuff. Thanks for asking!
aww wish u could b there
I have infinite confidence that Shero could achieve this shipwrecked in the Bahamas w/ only a coconut, 3 sticks & a banana
say hi to bendtner for me! :D
Na, if she dated Lindsay Lohan then I would be intrigued and horrified at the same time.
spring break fever is consuming as well as its writers inspired posts heading your way!
I still have 2 Rose Bowl tix to unload. $150 is face value for each.
The Black Swan 2
THRILLED to be working with this week- we're gonna have so much fun! xx
A woman is like a tea bag; only in hot water do you realize how strong she is. - Nancy Reagon
my students are great!
definitely!! Are u having a party soon?
Saaaweet! Ditto ;) RT : great fun! Hanging w/you guys ... was the highlight of that party for me. Thanks again.
EVERYONE!!!!!!PLEASE RE-FOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
listening to this makes me think of what we use to have & what we could still have . #imissyou <|3
it was good, but I like your other song "Critico" better
hi follow me
yea the second one and ur supposed to say how it was BEFORE we started talking
Why does it always feel like there are never enough hours in the day??
They make such big kids sizes! I think they go up to women's 7 or 8! I wear a kids 2 in Toms. ;)
Lame (and not unexpected). I think Facebook pages are the more sensible route. Thanks for the update!
Hey congrats! Let me know if you get a screened in garage!
Swim Marathon - global effort - careful to not be too spammy. Helps if you have many helpers instead of just one megaphone
yeah I watched the whole thing, I was freakin out. It really was incredible
Only lost 2 games yesterday
I want to be the first woman president.
Please refer him as Soup Kitchen
After a great night @ Confidential, today a lazy saturday.. totally!
Peacocks terrorizing the middle class
What can we do for you today shirt lovers? -New ideas everywhere today
#EBUS118 uses social media to reach out to its consumers - took this #EBUS118 class last year
Loving this new I phone
holy tits that's awesome looking.
Just ate an entire piece of Cheesecake Factory red velvet cake and now I'm pretty sure I can take ALL OF YOU ON CMON FIGHT ME ASSHOLES
Am I currently weeping over buying my 1st pair of Gap jeans NOT from Goodwill? Yes. Yes I am.
done with football for the night, back down to the studio.
Love it!
What are your favorite Houston area bands? We wanna know!
“: By all means, move at a glacier pace #thedevilwearsprada” - you know how that thrills me.
Lmfao , I Told Kaylah She Weighs " 2 Pents " . I Honestly Don't Know Wtf I Was Talking About .
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames We Got Bodies Over Here
so glad to have worked with Michael...helped him sell records..i did promo on his Dangerous album, gave him a Gold single for his label MJJ
Cribbs Jersey...check...Designated Driver...check...sitting at Quaker Steak in N. Canton check...your pick ??
You just want to stroke the wooly sheep.
Thanks for the RT earlier this week!
until next monday. You can choose a soda if you'd like. Just show your check in to your cashier. :)
same here. I think everyone that is a professional is on the same page
is it filthy enough to be worth my time?
I still so love Buffy.
getting knowledge all day
we still in the BUILDING!!! YouTuberadio.net AFFICIAL GORILLA POSSE UNH HUH!!!
When I'm about to follow someone on twitter, I go through their tweets to make sure they're worthy. That last person was not.
New Trailer coming soon for The Suicide Blogs...stay posted
My children have developed great character, morals and values. Fathers teach your children by example.
my dad seriously makes me feel awful about myself sometimes
Never ℱℴℓℓℴω your heart, it may be blinded by love. ℱℴℓℓℴω your dreams & live life to the fullest. No restrictions, no hesitations. ♥
Shannon Treece from KY OVEC Ed Cooperative, loving getting ideas to share with districts I serve. Attending #2012NationalForum in Louisville
great point + name
Working on Movie
GoodMorning back from Florida ready to get it in!!!!
watching your wedding special and you made me cry really.
I have remedied the situation and expunged your doppelganger from my rich virtual tapestry.
“We are all broken and wounded in this world. Some choose to grow strong at the broken places.” - Harold J. Duarte-Bernhardt
Congrats!!! We'll be rootin' for ya! RT : , i made it into the Joliet Rialto Idol!!!
Changed the name and the sound and ditched the DJ Mixes. EP to come soon. DM me if you're concerned.
what do U think Reggie is thinking about? I guess the coaching staff did know what they were talking about brining in Collins
I just saw Shelby Larson speak at the Internet Marketing Summit in Atlanta - she knows her stuff!
well please keep us in the loop about the progress. we love a good story.
Eat more fiber
but the opinion is a self, does not mean its best to state in a forum that spells out a person
#HuskyNation is back in full force! U.C.O.N.N...#UConn..#UConn...#UCONN. #BestUConnTeamEver. Lets get ready for Bulldogs.
one of my first models needs to come see me and my new studio...just saying :)
Prayers for Japan and those affected by earthquake.
Possibly! I work with a whole bunch of guys that get on their radio grind.
I hate how I look like a model in the morning, but by the time school's out, I look a zombie.
Ryan refuses to be specific about what loopholes he would eliminate and for whom
I'm Donna. Digital Services Manager at a public library in San Diego County.
Going to see "Think Like A Man" tonight.
So happy for and - much deserved wins!
All of my followers please follow please
"Everything in our society is premised on inequity..." -Pedro Noguera
I really wish people would limit podcasts to 20-30 minutes, max. #devops I'm looking at you, DevOpsCafe ;)
ran today. this time for you.
Hold up......! RT : Book The Delta Flight For ATL!
you're a gem, and i always observe the
Who was that last guy on the #bachelorette?! can someone say YUM
your pops be inda popeyes commercials saying Louisiana FASSTT
Remember nerds, we're gonna bring the nerdy swag, and so should you!
Criminal Intent audition. Good vibes my way people.
who has AWD? i do!
Check my tweets, and I'll check yours, get fun
you're birthdays right now?
Glad you think so! Let me know if you have questions about Happy to chat.
My freshman year high school I lived on the chocolate ones for breakfast.
You keep doin your thang too girl! I'm so proud of you too!! xoxo
It will be my first time working away from my son so I am so sad too! :(
“: But lightskin girls cant fuck”HUH???!
When u have experience a bittersweet moment, focus on the sweetness.
Am using Hypnosis for Non Actors as well as actors for Memorization and Self Esteem Issues. Great for Children as well.
All hops for superbowl Sunday. Founders devil dancer, 3 floyds alpha king, and boulder mojo risin.
Enjoying the Masters...thankful that Jesus died on the cross for us...a wonderful day!
Lol. Then good job!
My life is a roller coaster that resembles a tacky dragon embedded with ink on the typical asian male's back.
Book Review: Cary Grant: A Life in Pictures. Edited by-Brice Dh Yannerbier
The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore. -Dale Carnegie
Let me know if u get a hit on the old magazines donation. I've got some too.
., it was great chatting with you about Dove's new Show us your Skin campaign and getting the scoop on your summer beauty secrets!
Gary Neal is headed to the locker room with trainer Will Sevening.
Got Me Feeling Like I'm 75 Damn Nigga Aint Even Seen 30
I love how is always random when he's not singing... Seriously, "supeerrrrrmaaaaaann" lol. #1DVideoDiary hotness<3
These lil girls think "he'll never leave me if I have a baby" #Pause 🏃💨👶 irrational & illogical thoughts, smack all the girls 👋💢👊
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty always some form of Chicken...fried...baked...barbecue..
oh yes we will babe ;)
Thanks to you! RT “: Looking Gorgeous!”
since your in NYC...would you like to surprise me at my sweet sixteen on Friday? ;D PLEASE. <3
u can buy it on itunes :)
~..|++ THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Bout to get on instagram *
Try transforming your blog posts into Power Point presentations that can be posted to sites like Slideshare.
please follow me it would make me the happiest person alive. and would make me feel beautiful :D
Happy Birthday to our man !
how do u make people best friends
Bruce Lee estate licensees allege unauthorized distribution of documentaries by Amazon and others.
You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through.
What about 12-12-12? You planning on going somewhere by next year?
I don't argue with simple females... That's free promotion ! #GetLikeMe .
I am beyond excited for this next year. Although I have no idea what the Lord has in store, I have complete faith in Him to guide my steps.
I started interning when i was 16 but thier is no right age to start the more experience you have the better you will be
“#Imagine *having a pillow fight* You: I'm gonna kill you!!! JB: Not if i kill you first. ;) *takes shirt off* You: *DEAD*”
So much code
understandable. You know I'm treating you like I'd treat Sami.
TKS AGAIN BOO SMILES ,,,
P.H.A.N Crew till I die ! Fuck man need to party ! Been to long
I think I'm going to quit.
RT : u can never have a dull moment w/ these guys ! Napkins armed & ready.
Starting to look like it will be a busy summer of recording at
YAAAY IM GETTING A NEW PHONE!! my old one is a piece of crap. Bye bye stupid phone, hello new one :D
Go bucks! My oldest is at OSU & my 18 y.o. is on a bus to OSU right now for wknd. Where are u guys?
to keep up in the "who can be the better lariah" contest, taylor bankus had to go and get married too :P
aww, the feeling is more than mutual. :)
I work with a girl who hit 11 batters in a softball game...in ONE inning!
now all is left is basketball tomorrow .
A reading of James Cone's Cross and the Lynching Tree ably renders points in that book meaningless.
And the guys who aren't young have been awful - Drobnick supposed to close, Ochoa supposed to set up. Both have been bad.
Do Ya thang Miss Jackson Love You
Aw Okay(:
it's simple don't smoke the blunt down to the end!!
RT : RT : #VERGECon 7 words for comprehensive utility reform: "an act of Congress"; "demand competition"; "standards"
Sounds about right. Also, reading, thinking, scheming, dreaming . . .
hes the one who turned me in for partiality on coaching.he still lives with his momma.
. now tackling the question of cheating with clickers. Solns: monitor, low overall stakes, make clicker Qs valuable to learning.
i'm stressing myself out pretty hard, just fyi.
“: Belichick, about evaluating Tebow: "I would look at the win-loss record"”( the Hoodie of Belichick has great insight )
I will never regret having my engagement at Driscoll dining hall, even if the relationship didn't work out.
not me. I run SRAM, Tuck runs mavik and ran fulcrum. Nice.
I am RAILING my captains license studying!! Pretty stoked that I'm memorizing all this!
fam click the link in my Bio I used 1of yo beats the song is called boss check it out
never heard of it but im on netflix all the time. ill have to check it out
no haha it's better that way
If you say "you don't mind, do you?" after doing somthing really rude, is it ok?? Uh hell no!!
yay tweet mentions
happy birthday!
#interviewtip (DEC GRAD) when u graduate, treat job searching like a full-time job. Get up early & search avidly til u find a perfect fit
She out celebrating nurses week!
The blunt is lit...
That's awesome!! Thanks for checkin out the boys!
Lol, I love those bands!
s'all good, dude. I don't really care.
cant believe Justin's gonna be 18 remember watching OneTime, watching him get all his awards watching his movie? omg :')
That was fast
I was reintroduced to how much I love doing cannonballs today.
Good =) Well take care have to close for tonight=)
Goddamn Thrill, that was hilarious. I had to go to a party hosted by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association.
Austin's smile, voice, laugh, eyes everything about him is perfect.
o ok.
