Tonight I will be making 's Chicken with Balsamic BBQ Sauce! This is going to be good!
NEXT TRACK...
all good things come at good time
6'2 Aamahd Walker of Culver City HS commits to UCSB yesterday what a steal this late for the Big West .
This is a taco, burrito conversation. Nachos!
Hawks win!! Going to game 7! will have the AWESOME highlights &11
As usual, everything is put in proper perspective after birthday email from one of lifeBFFs in China who should have died from aneurysm.
We could balance the budget by purchasing police scooters instead of Harleys:)
I'd like to Thank God for loving me the way he does.
#MLK and our founding fathers refused to take "No" for an answer. Why should the 99% #ows #occupyburque Stand strong!
morning howie! how'd ya sleep?
#OHDAMNSON Its time for the #oldskoolrewind w/
Funny how 2 guys talked about being the best at the table, of course I knocked them out and won the sit-n-go.
I prefer #SF's over FF's anyway! Great to Podcast w/ you!
are you sure thats yo present or do you gots to do sonthing to get it
true true. I need a real job though haha
“: U know the show is going slowly when they tease the Necrology package - 'coming up, dead people!'” lol Bill!!!
Feeling good about my weekend. 1st sunburn of the year. 2 challenging, awesome runs. Started re-reading 2666. Hope the week stays awesome.
OMG thank you ! Your awesome ! :-)
Hey, Dave, I haven't forgotten your consulting question.
The impersonal hand of government can never replace the helping hand of a neighbor. -Hubert Humhrey
You're ONE of a kind, SJ! Seriously :) Can't wait to see the full spread! #Swag was off the scale!
i think something big happened, everyone! there are spinning globes on HuffPo!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!67
thinks I may have a job voluinteer @ 1st but wud then B hired in really excited bout th possibility & it is doin wat I luv 2 do :)
Hate seeing familiar ppl and dont remember where i know them from lol
Beyond grateful that my speed-dial Chinese restaurant is still willing to deliver in this crazy-ass storm.
Thanks so much for the well wishes! And thanks for sharing the internship info. We'll pass it along.
Yea I love dat ass to death but aint no 2nd chance. if i fucked off wit yo friends would I get a 2nd chance? lol gotti told my story haha
Stuff-A-Bus Day 2 is underway! Arlington Heights. Palatine & Rand. AT&T Store. Collecting donations for the Salvation Army w/ !
Hot, cold, hot, cold, hot ;)
does anyone know anything about Bowl of Dreams-the documentary coming out?
Thanks to for speaking last night! We'll post a link to his slides here as soon as they're online.
"Tom's eyes turn from one to the other. A stupid smile plays about his loose lips."- THE PERSONAL EQUATION
Whenever my internet goes down I just think 'Why do bad things always happen to good people?'
#ItsAwesomeWhen me & the wifey got the same week off!!
I've decided I'm not going to start watching a new show until it's in it's 4th season...then there's no heartbreak if it's cancelled early
Under the sea!<3 #pandoradisney lmao I have such an interesting life.
Eating all the goodies my clients are bringing me.. no wonder they need a trainer, they are the best cooks!
The tourney is a crapshoot if we crush the Hoosiers I will be very happy. Back2Back Final 4s after the darkest hr in UK HIST
Happy Friday all! It's been a productive week and I got all of my important work done. How about for you?
Hey! I'm doing great! And I havent released my new Album yet :)
Thank goodness for windy day for #Cubs, or Ryan Zimmerman has two HRs today. Better keep that ball down against him tomorrow!
text: zesmo to 368266 to see what an ad might look like.
Open today from 12:30 - 4 pm for tours & kids activities. Beautiful plants for sale in our Garden Shop!
After encouraging start with ComETS, equally encouraging beginning dialogue with MTAG. Lots of interest in deep collaboration.
In Geneva at a UN press briefing. I feel so important! #united nations
Stay tuned: Updating Content & Scope page to explicitly state #DPLA is considering e-book content.
Our challenge is that there is no informal learning at my org. Need a big culture shift!
It's the liberal arts one. I think people actually get their name called at that one? Enjoy your graduation party.
If i was demi, omfg. I would have been crying.
Chris Paul puttin the team on his back right now
Oh, and none of the copies of *redacted* have EVER seen the regular shelf because they've been on hold. They're stolen from the HOLD SHELF!
Tonight's pretty little liars was not as good as it was expected to be!! Thought they following the books? Can't wait till next season
It wouldn't even let PayPal take the money out of my account for a UK-based business transaction.
Coke will feature video of 2 animated polar bears during Super Bowl on micro site – 1 NY scarf, other NE – reacting to game in real time.
"wasnt he on #BarneyMiller? :-) : When is #Carp coming back?"
Remember that funny joke you told ur listeners in Sept? The Angels. ha ha classic
This is what we love to hear!
Yes! Wife surprised me with an iPhone to replace that incredibly frustrating Samsung Gem
RT : The Pres speaking at Ohio State today: “Its time 2 stop a taxpayer giveaway 2 an industry that’s never been more profitable.”
I think your twitter account got hacked. I got a SPAM message from you. May want to reset your password.
I pulled a pedro moment today and cut my hair by myself.
is at OIA awaiting for my biggest gift this year..luv u JLB
It's up to you!
I made sure I got home at a mildly decent time from the wedding I officiated last night, just so I could read the early this AM.
it's officially ignore jess day i swear
yea theyre coming in as we speak, but soaken wet!! poor blake looks like a drowned rat..lol
lmao I can imagine that :o
set out for adventure with the end in mind; plan & continuously think of the BEST case scenario for the present and future
Lmao Bro Mad!!
what?! We've had 2 of them in this smallass town for years..
Students don't forget to take time out from studying for YOU time. Especially all you engineering majors ; )
what are you up to in Taipei? How long will you be there?
My mom says she has a DMB ticket for me for the 9th if I can get my hubs to stay w/ kids. Probably never happen
There are TONS of ways 2 battle ur Quarterlife Crisis! Check out the 4 girls blogging how @ stratejoy.com 4 some inspiration!!
email me at and i'll send ou the information. let me know when you email me so i can check it.
thanku so glad ur a fan. Hope ur having. A beauitful day
“: I love my makeup and weave but I don't wear it cause I have to” WTF?
man, I feel the same way.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
I really don't. Know what to wear
make sure it's not a paper jam.
RT “: It was our pleasure! We had a ton of fun helping out!”
Winston Churchill said, "never, never, never give up." Every day is a good day to fight to
#digpres Thanks George and Cassandra for breaking down mechanics of audio and digital preservation for us! Good stuff.
“: So many kisses.”iIn Football?
#MISTLETOE IS NUMBER ONE ON ITUNES .. nbd.
are you kidding?! guys arent allowed to shave unless they're on a swim team!! this is what happens when we dont talk -_-
The Voyeur was pretty fun last nightt : )
denny's <3
you want my opinion? I think the neck tattoo was a WONDERFUL idea...
So thankful for this journey #LA #Blessed #Humbed can't do this without God
Once thought that smoking was the nastiest & most inconsiderate of habits. But now that we have chain-smoking neighbors...I'm certain of it.
I got accepted into college James!!!! it would be great if you replied
perf - then we can be BFF!!!!
Applying for a job at Target. I I get it, I'll be a cashier. :3
Huntsman quotes Pres. Wilson: "be a person of your time and history"
avi looks nice!
worked at Scottys and mowed the lawn
I really hate emailing people with gender neutral names..
That's McConnel's department ... in the reptile section...
me too!
happy monday//yuck to the rain but yay for friday bc will be here!!
Jane Wyman~ The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
That's it. I'm cleaning my desk this week.
Sing something from Camp Rock PLEASE !!
some weeks, John Hamm's strong jawline is the only certainty in my life/thing keeping me sane, I swear
Love your stuff! Can I get a little love back?
have you considered state benefits, industrialization of cannabis? Tourism? if cannabis legalized.
i see you guys on ABDC
Congrats to JHU senior LB Ryan Piatek for receiving award from Brooks-Irvine Mem FB Club for Most Outstanding player in D3 from S. Jersey.
You start to be able to know by the lack of tang in your farts...no spice....then turds are nigh
getting strep the day before my birthday and two days before the play is seriously just my luck.. 😒
- Oh yeah. Who? Jeff and Russell?
Deli counters are the worst.
That's good he's home , Chemo does suck... Hope he gets better soon! I'm gonna pay u guys a visit over at Fed Ctr mid Jan!
Ugly run this morning :'(
#FlyUnion is the best group ever
Davidson speaking:Games aren't just fun-fun has a half life. Need pleasant discomfort.
“: “: #Cancer - a lady in the street, a chef in the kitchen and a whore in the bedroom.” ;D LMFAO!!” 😏
What! Were can i get a copy of that? Id like to see that
All You Can Eat Wings what? Seriously. Why aren't you already here?
Bright sunny day in the metropolis, what activities should I get into? A picnic, a stroll, ok ok cup of java at an open air cafe
You're welcome for the follow. Thanks for the mention.
#youknowsomethingisnotquiterightwhen you have more tweets than followers.
text me babycakes!
plans to change PAts defense to 4-3? Since that is what they play now. Disappointed to not have Hayens and Wilfork on field
I WANT RED MANGO MEOW
that was my reaction
the parts I was still paying attention to were awesome, it was just way too much music in one go :x
I'm thirsty.. and i don't feel like getting up
Ok, 80s Rock trivia. The band Kingdom Come was best known for what controversy?
no I wasn't one of my drivers was though
Touchdown. World peace.
hahaha! I wanna go with a guy! Lol, but no one would probably ask me, so... idk imma go with u and linda :)
I would buy thatRT : I like it! Do you have laser hair removal for high-shedding dogs??? ;>)
Ok Democrats you heard it here first if Vice Admiral Carmona wins the Senate seat in Arizona. Clinton-Carmona 2016!! Thoughts?!
ha ha ha that's true :-)
I can't see my niece again until Friday. Ugh I am going to die not being able to see her!
Handle my light work...
Very productive day.
Fact: The vampires in The Lost Boys are far more badass than any vampire in Twilight. Bonus Fact: No glitter on any of The Lost Boys.
it makes me mad he isn't playing good he back on now I want LSU
So the point Is, don't sneezing while driving. It's dangerous! Also, won't be there to bless you, so really what's the point?
Haha, fine it was good. Happy now?
Thank you Lisa :) LOL...
RT : RT : The trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk even more. -Erica Jong
The contemporary #art scene in #Mississippi is sparse but you can find some gems if you look in the right places.
How do you fuel for games? Reply or RT with your favorite pre-game meals or snacks
cool. thanks for the input! that definitely helps.
I hope everyone had a great thanksgiving!
5) Liam taught me to never give up on my dreams… no matter how impossible they may seem.
Check us out on youtube
haha really? Someone I know??
you say redneck like its a bad thing
I watched it on TV, so no 3D. But, like, the way they made the movie was so "YEAH THIS IS 3D!" And lol at the Sony thing -_-
ok text me :)
When I try to buy something out of the vending machine and it gets stuck. OKAY. I C.
Did you know that we sell Sonicare toothbrushes for kids and adults in our office? Keep your teeth squeaky clean and pick one up today!
Diane Smith,advisor, Mobile Future, infrastructure key to communication in rural broadband
going to the bathroom and to eat and I really hope doesn't hack my Facebook twitter or desktop background
that moment when retweets you and you can't help but fangirl over it >>>>
no such luck my friend.
a job well done! Couldn't have done it without you! Excited for our turbulent 7am flight back to a Monday of monthly reports
I will do this.
Smh I'm telling mom
Democrats want their govt programs. "Republicans" (neocons) want their programs. Ron Paul doesn't want any programs.
Hi Peggy, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
yea but you good now punk with to white self !
Shoutout to all the Dj's and artists puttin in work in the music game...don't give up ...get better!!!
my mom is too silly this morning smh
go find one
Prepared my first #crockpotmonday at Recreating my internship video and servin' up some chicken fajitas!
these roads are looking very familiar
We'd love it if they did! :) Could be a lot of fun...though we love playing LOTRO as is also! :) Epic story.
I know! I was like 'Damn'
So many Hispanic babies at this $1.50 screening of Paranormal Activity 3. Did I mention it's after 10pm?
Oh yes! Food too
A Monday or Wednesday between 2:30 and 4 somewhere. Google video chat would prolly be fine too. Maybe march-ish? Could be fun.
Stoner Peace - Peace, Love and Getting Stoned! If you agree get this shirt and let everyone see...
Thrift store ass nigga..
Best Picture - I pick THE DESCENDENTS. Nothing compares this year to this amazing portrait of a family in crisis. Great performances by all
#youarebeautiful but your friend looks better
Yes I have an orchid. A cymbidium. :)
The President just made it OK for a few more people to be who they are. May 9, 2012.
hi everyone
Judge now composing thoughts before issuing ruling.
love the website!
please just date.
he's backing down "looks like Harvey did a lot of good work, I just understand parents not wanting kids to be indoctrinated"
Stuck between awake and on my way back to bed. Red Bull Save the day
i need 2 tweet more
Well who's advertising 'weaves' and 'nails'?.. really ya got to trip on that too...I mean 'chicken'...fried too?..Nuccas do all of the abuv
for sure!!! next weekend ill be in DC though, for my college hoco, where i will be pretending im still in college!! next time!
she found a "recipe." Then we had a fight. Now she is cooking. I mean it's flank steak, but still ...
How's the handbell choir going? Intense.
But he's also one of the writers I can't read while in the midst of my own writing. Their prose overwhelms mine--not good.
Sometimes, driving in traffic makes me feel like I'm playing Frogger.
I got the same reaction from stealing a friend's car as a joke. Some people are just humorless dicks.
3rd block I'm with you girl <3 I love days like this when there is no paths. :D
No doubt! ": Hard not to get drawn into the discussion on the CH listserv. RT : Z Burger Sidewalk is quite contegious!
*Glances at profile picture* awww but you're so pure >.> Why is it that u can only see the worst in me
It is Mule Day. "One has fear in front of a goat, in back of a mule and on every side of a fool."---Assyrian Proverb. Happy Friday Eve! :)
- Eff You Ugly , Im Pretty Cute If You Ask Me ( ;
no they didn't
always a pleasure working with you Jim. See you this fall
Man, the news today is just too much for me. I need to stop reading headlines.
omg! Thank God you're ok!
Got our songs ready for tonight! Me and our ready for our duets together! This is gonna be fun!
were excited to play on the 15th! Looking forward to seeing you again!
If I ever get to write with I will die a happy camper.
snort -->“: Santorum is officially announcing his Romney endorsement in his autobiaography, "50 Shades of Grey Sweater vests"”
Lil Kim who????
Hunger Games: not sure if I'm devouring it or if its devouring me. Either way, I stayed up until 3am reading!
better yet, I have people go through my sketch book, fuck the flash, even better...
Coming up at 2PM Ninja Turtles at MOA, War Protest in Minneapolis and St. Pattys Day reports. On
That makes me happy too... Since I'm in an upcoming video game ad :)
#vsa2011 difficult-conversation-phobia a #museum and # world epidemic. We've lost the ability to civilly disagree. Bummer.
toast and butter
uses to be on Mcdonalds commercials... I almost forgot lol
Do I have to grab my car keys, young lady? *stern look*
I hope that this all works out OK. Between the audition and the interview, this has been an interesting 24 hours.
i wonder how true this is? Or - are more studious people in general more apt. to come equipd w/iPads?
where its at 2day
marketing commercial real estate for green industries
Shut up, dumb bitch.
Padriag Harrington birdies 13,14,15,16,18 The broadcast did not show any of it...CBS forcing me to the web ...pick it up slackers
i play the dolphin flute like a champion.
yay glad you got one! :)
sometimes people annoy the crap out of me.
#fact “: it's all about the moderator!! “: Big thx to & who give great panel^””
Know why Santorum's been undercounted in exit polls, Chuck? People know they should be embarrassed that they're supporting him.
Standard Desert Kooler ... You can get em back tomorrow .. Good Luck
Picked up groceries...Carla, I bought the pizza dough!
The Goal- Build a Legendary Empire Why- Cause we strive for Greatness. How- Anything thought can be achieved with Action.
thx for the follow back! I miss One Tree Hill!
Tonight dancers talk about growing up, including Driver's mother sending him to live with grandparents. On DWTS.
Packing, driving, unpacking, will & grace break, and repeat.
No one ever wants to share a urinal with me
You lost that living feeling 🎵🎶🎵
leave those holiday decorations up til. March like my neighbor!
Happy Easter! Hope you all have a blessed and beautiful day!
did you FB friend me just to show me photos of your flowering backyard?
� Basically, the only thing we need is a hand that rests on our own, that wishes it well, that sometimes guides us.�Hector Bianciotti
OMG what a productive day: event @ WGA, met some writers, got another website client, makeup artist, now off to rehearsal.
"...a faja can hold the stomach so tight, Ms. Cipriani said, the wearer loses her appetite." I just lost mine.
Happy Monday! By which I mean, drizzly rainy Monday.
like to see tha clips pull this one out
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Mostly sunny. Highs 62 to 67 near the coast to 66 to 71 inland. Areas of winds west 15 mph.
Pool side
Fridge is full of so much goodness right now...Sour in the Rye, Smoking Wood...had to stop myself w/ MotherFunker!
I hate you,for no reason, but i hate you
been struggling
lol. I wish!!
Woot! RT : I'll be on with at about 11:40 this morning to talk #LGBT #politics and
heard you got a new bike. What kind? I may be in the market.
I wanna bake something.
settle down people relax for crying out loud
God Send Me An Angel Too Whip The Tears From My Eyes ..
what time do we need to be there.
pretty pathetic this bullpen can't get the job done without having to go to the safety valve again
thanks dad. See ya tomorrow.
Back Street Boys al the way!
Going for a walk with my brother
“: Over dramatic people <<<” I love you:)
I second that
Today is going to be a loooonnngggg day. :/
Call me callous, but I have yet to garner much sympathy for those who ask for last-minute research help. Life is about making good choices.
Im at the mall
So strange this kickstarter fund-my-book thing. Don't know whether to be insulted when I'm asked for money or to admit it took balls to ask.
Btw, what's that black spot on the sun? Does anyone else see that?
Making house pizza with toddlers - a 2 hour experience not to be missed!
lol I was kidding to.. The trunk is already full... But honestly there is roof rack!?! :)
The fact that you act like you never even really cared at all absolutely kills me because i did.. more than what i thought i guess.
Yes. Awesome indeed.
About to walk my pooch & listening to J.Lo's "On the floor" doing a few pushups! I know, she's a hot Latina! LOL...What you listening to??
RT : #DearSon ~
u did that on purpose haha
Still rockin at MotoCorsa! Lots of people....400+...and they all been photographed by me and the photo booth!
going to Todd game after that nothing inbox me ur number and we will come after that
I didn't know I had that much strength!
from presenting for my #entrepreneurship class. Advice: "Don't believe anyone - stay true to yourself"
Night jog at Alki, diner at Toulouse Petit, this could become a Saturday night tradition..
I love the way your vintage dress smells.
Mitt Romney to appear on respirator for Honda return to reinstate lawsuit accusing gov't officials say.
apathetic “: “: "Hypopituitarism" is a rare disease that doesn't allow a person to feel love.” ”
caraschatz: HQ shares the pics a few weeks after the conference each year- they are free for DL. Check Connections/SLA Blog 4 notice ...
Iz
Thanks for following! Havent had any luck with the ladies since moving to ATL, maybe you can help in this area?
YaY for your new monthly newspaper + great stopwatch, keeping us on track here at
The dude at the bank looks like a young brian mcknight.
When did it get cool to leave a hat on with the price stickers?
Happy Birthday 2 who I am looking forward to c'ing in Portsmouth, NH 2 wks tonight I Pledge Allegiance to the HAG
what kinda cost we lookin at there?
With at waiting for !!! Woot!!
♁Give it 2 Mama. So if you want to, you got the green light. Go, Go, Go! Green Light! You holding up traffic! You the king right? Go...
the Dominican center for women.
Join us at 7pm for our Town Hall Mtg at The Associated, 101 W Mt Royal Ave. Our proposed FY2012 budget will be presented for public comment.
awww ok hun well thank you anyway!
Going to church for Kate's 1st communion then to a bomb fire #partymode ;P
thanks brother!!
what are you ever trying to tell me,woman?
Thank You! (: And I love you too Kate, (:
noo i just didnt feel like saying anything
I'm down about 8lbs cause of the counting calories. That's with no working out besides my normal 2 hockey games a week.
Home sweet home.
just an update that we have a new main number. 949.385.0605 give us a ring if you need anything. R5
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Get me 100 followers.
If I pick apart all the lies you're building what'll you have left to stand on? Lmao
My sister is snoring....lmao!
I got mine from the on Sunday!
I got trapped by old friends.
Ah the sun pops out for Bryce Harper's debut...finally
alright I'll take half of them back tomorrow but you're gonna love them!
Hey, can you get me some Q-tips?
Alright... Alright.. Alright!!!!😜
have you had time to check out our website? let us know if we can help!
I did! It was awesome, and two of my fav songs were on it!!!
You never fail until you give up.
miami first
RT : I would wife jada stevens, no questions asked.
just trying to network on twitter....
#PlansForTheSummer Summer School almost EVERY DAY ugh...
Enjoy the rest of your day!! I'm just getting ready to go to bed!! :)
Just to be sure, that is , from , and I am updating my profile pic.
we gotta tlk ASAP
cioa bella. Just saw your note. I am great. Miss you
Mahalo for including my posts!
Just started following, but congrats. Happy to make any recommendations in Atlanta...also a transplant from Northeast.
Neednew speakers in my car thanks to theseguys> && #speakers=blown
Okay there has got to be somethin to do in paragould today
And now, into the Metro!
Wow for real u got a stalker wat the fuck
Bitches will be bitches.
Not as glorious as you might have dreamed. If I ever meet Bob Newhart I will have a few things to tell him
It's true. I work with the most genuine, wonderful and gifted people I will ever meet. Thank you,
I'm gonna put my phone on airplane mode..then throw it in the air and watch it fly.(:
wuts your address, I might roll thru
Verlander mindfuckin these indians with no lube
With a love like that;You know you should be glad.
oh my
Video conferencing meeting provides face-to-face communication but several most advanced equipments are used for the communication & meeting
I like players on the team it's baseball I can't deal with... Takes too long.. Not enough action.. IMO
Having a 89% B+ the week of finals and being so close to having an A- <<<<<<
I'll be playing with at Carinos next to Fayette Mall 7-10 tonight. Stop by and see us-BH
Waiting (im)patiently for final semester grades to be posted... I already know one, need to confirm the other one.
Being in love
I love youu.♥
Just fixed 2 bugs - "Edit design" is now under the "Profile" link and the reply button is fixed - reported by - thank you
There's a lot of Latin to be read.
I'm big on promises I don't care how small it is you better keep it when it comes to me cuz if you don't your word means nothing to me
HEY !!! WILL YOU PLEASE VERIFY HE FLIPPEN DESERVES IT!!! HE'S EVERYTHING YOU CAN IMAGINE<3333333
My birthday is on thursday!!!!
OFCCP regs, which focus on hiring vets & PWD, "break down barriers to effective & diverse workplaces". Is your biz ready for an audit?
Always great to see my #Buzzation peeps!
Balloons last night.Balloons this morning in the parade.Amazing dinner in hell's kitchen.Most grateful for spending this with my family xo
Girl: There were no slaves in Africa on Prisoners of War.
Thank you for listening!
1,007! Woo! 1,000+ people like what we're doing! We love helping people live, work and engage in #Detroit!
just gonna spend the rest of my evening fantasizing that me and are in love.
One final left!!!!
Guys, I'm feeling totally gutted. I forgot to open the Bailey's on Christmas. ::tear::
I be going hamm
A pessimist is a man who thinks all women are bad. An optimist is a man who hopes they are. ~ Chauncey Mitchell Depew
Only 15 more minutes of work- then bikram class-tg!
Just smoked with my little brother. Awesome. Haha
yupp next time they play is weds. && i 🙏🙏🙏🙏 they win
My nephew has downloaded all these games. I'm throwing tomatoes and papers balls in trash cans and peoples heads.
In gonna kill u u dinasour beachn bitch!
Showbiz morning hangin' with and Awesome guys!
No one will hear from me I'm going MIA
sorry to hear about Spartacus, I've been through that, it's very exhausting. I hope Sparty is ok. Give him hugs. #Love dogs!
As much support as you guys can give Occupy Pittsburgh today -- They are picketing the bank on which their camp is located.
Wishing you a sweet and sublime solstice!!!!
they could, but much like the tattoos themselves, they probably wouldn't show up.
"Where do we come from? What are we? Where are we going?" GAUGUIN, inscription on one of his paintings...
Oh no. Charles just picked the Lakers to win. We're even more f**ked now.
Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.~ Bo Bennett
Our goal is making our clients happy and their lives so easy that they actually forget all about us - and just focus on building their biz.
David Gregory called PRESIDENT Obama SENATOR Obama on the Today Show...when will they get it? Or WILL THEY? **Their President also**
Thanks, Carly. Love to hear specific feedback. Glad you enjoyed!
Merry Christmas to all our alumni, students & faculty from Pastor Kevin & the College staff!
Buttons Family, help us out...who has seen Think Like a Man please share your review!
Dictators ride to and fro upon tigers which they dare not dismount
And now we can play all the vinyl we insist on acquiring despite not actually having hooked up the record player.
Marketing is math now - successful people are analyzing data flows
YES. I had to stop, and I don't even know if I'd hit half the comments.
Dont get me wrong, im excited to go back to work today, but running on three and a half hours of sleep isnt ideal
A real man can stay loyal to one girl without getting sidetracted by easy hoes.
Learn not to know.
It's rained for 2 days straight.. what is going on?
Hello, John. Great Mothers Day message. I am in LA first week of June. Hope to meet with Bishop Blake. West Angeles COGIC.
It has housed the senate and the House of Representatives for almost two centuries.
. bought an Alan (The Hangover) bobblehead in Vegas. Tonight, it started talking without us even interacting with it.
Its too bad I wasn't Speaker of the House, I'd have impeached Prezbo without hesitation! Must elect Congress with integrity and courage
I Like The Oreo with out the Cream
#Lovin' #life and, #im #living #life too th #fullest #:) CieraMariexoxo
Thanks, GF. I'm tired of the skanks playing games just to boost their numbers.
Attention Families! In June Milwaukee Public Museum is having a slumber party where you can learn all about the great state of...
Happy Earth Day! We should always have the earth nice, cleaned & recycled! Plant a tree!
I need to get up to speed on the Angels, time to see what has been up to in the desert (AZ not PS, that is)
I def will :)
OK - I am over the Pacers/Heat game. Chalk it up to
LAST DAY TO SIGN UP FOR IGOOPON'S PROMOTION. DONT MISS THIS CHANCE BEFORE THE SERVICE OPENS AUG 1 TO RECEIVE YOUR $5!!!!
Airport run.
Clear alcohol is for rich women on diets.
American Apparel?! :( RT Get ready to say goodbye: 10 Brands That May Disappear in 2012 yhoo.it/jxvdNR via
School librarians: do you have a favorite educational e-book provider? Looking to expand my collection
next year preconference workshop on how to fake an online fan base?
When u send those messages and it feels like they don't care, that they dont understand.
Specyph what you Believe
-- Did you post the job opening on monster?
thats an awesome idea!!!
& Morning Coop! We gota link up
Um yeah, you think the NHL wants Pittsburgh to win this game??? #MakeACallSIR!!!!
l hate the way we live today, so l see you tomorrow.
not that I know of, but depends what bldg he's in. There's a lot of us around here lol. But hi nice to meet ya
today feels like a friday
I love that Michael J. Fox is adding spice to tonight's episode.
“: #Gemini loves it when people they barely know connect with them. It never fails to win their heart.” Yes Yes I Do!
Thanks for the RT.
Uploading! Should be up in about 40 minutes. Stay up late y'all!
Time to read 100 pages for Art History class. It's actually really great. Glad I'm older to appreciate the arts.
Congrats to all the founders in TechStars Cloud! We love all you guys, and had a blast going through the program with you.
but you're right and it gets bound up in feeling like they themselves are being rendered obsolete and that's not true at all!
Lillie and I just got closer today ... Think im going to start calling her my step mom now haha :)
just checked my ship date and it got bumped up to April 2nd, could be magical timing
What will #OurResponse be to #humanrights abuses against others? How can we make a world free of #torture if we don't *all* get involved?
i bought new mechanical pencils and on the bag it says "10 PENCILS!" but i got 11, haha whos boss? me
Girl you make my speakers go boom boom Dancin on the tailgate in the full moon
- I believe Ziggy was also in Generation Kill. HBO must have him on permanent retainer.
Go Credenza Crazy! www.midcenturymobler.com
====>>>> Those are the people with great tweets and follow backs you know what to do! [*0*]
Cute dress..looks familiar;)
Finally a backlash of food posting pictures starting on Twitter.
Had a great time playing paintball with and on Monday! Thanks guys!
Do Roman paramedics refer to IV's as 4's?
Happy May Day!
See you soon!
#ImHappyWhen when ur happy & of course when I shop!
It’s a bummer that the Muppet Show as it existed wouldn’t happen these days.
Hello Scott: Thanks for your interaction on Reverbnation and here on Twitter. Thanks again, Robert
When somebody in class tries to make a really funny joke, but everybody else is just like, ". . . Get out."
today has been mucho exhausting.
how is next Thursday the 12th for dinner & drinks??
yeah. Unfortunately my mom won't let me go. :/
Procedural vote on bill cutting oil subsidies is 92-4, but only 'cuz GOP wants to spend the week trashing it
The playoffs gone be interesting
So #askSarah is trending...obviously meant for me. Ask away :)
Congratulations to Xue & Sue Vue! It's their 6th anniversary as a Jan-Pro Franchise owner! Thanks for keeping Sacto's businesses clean!
I'll try if he notices me.. Hahaxx
yay!! =) <3 you should totally check out my music?
Wow! helped us raise $70K for college prep at our gala's live auction! That'll help a LOT of students achieve their dreams!
---.~! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
omg cant wait
What a nice spring night
Don't be yourself for others, let others see you be yourself.
Maybe he's confused? Thought it was HORIZONTAL stripes that were slimming.
Upcoming flix at USC this semester: Kill Bil Vol. 1 & 2, Trainspotting, Clerks, Madonna: Truth or Dare...not a bad selection 😉
Sign off for the night. #CelebApp and choc chip ice cream await. XXXOOO to each of you!
Matt Light, Gonzo --I get it -- but why is the local media not talking more #Celtics?
I agree QT : It very important to take care of ur body
Sunday she's all ribbons & curls
You don't have to ask for permission to be awesome. True story.
Lucky you!! :) RT : Meeting my ideas happen A true blessing you love what u do, I count mine every day!
4 more weeks until DeadPro rocks out Cosmic Charles again!
And that was a true story lmao(: haha happened to me today!!
'They'd rather steal than work'--British citizen's description of looters in her city sounds a lot like the philosophy of corporate banks.
#NowPlaying Justin Moore "Til My Last day"
Thanks for the great info about #boxee ! Austin
#TradHome excited to see you at Lenox Hill tonight, Stacey!
Ugghhh! Unleashed/Magento integration is hassling me tonight!
Hi Bobby, great question. $20k cash in Las Vegas will buy a nice Hyundai. :) Condos start at $30k, houses at $70k.
I've never seen Glee. Do I need to have a seat? :-|
Nice! RT : Pirates Home Opener Party. $2 off pitchers. , , , & more
Waiting for the subway ..hear some sort of noise that sounds like a wimpy car alarm.. ..should I help?
omg, NARCOPOLIS! Isn't it amazing?! Mind blowing-ly good. Loved it hardcore.
if we're going to do this, we need to go on a date first...for some reason I'm thinking fried chicken?
“ “ Relationship last when you dont take advice from your single friends and random twitter followers!””
Hey pretty <3 the Getcha Sexy Back in Bright Blue in Small if you have it =)
Need a dress? Any guys out there? We have all Dresses and Menswear 25% off until May 12th!
Amazing rehearsal for our Roxy show! Debuting a super dope acoustic combo, as well as a couple new songs ;-)
Ur so annoying and boring to tweet #I'm out
Hey, thanks for the
U obviously have never been to my hometown RT Why don't you ever see ... horses wearing funny hats, wagering on people races?
lol okay good! I was just hoping you werent making fun of her
Is it even possible to train a cat? Bc mine is being a real asshole right now!!
haha nice :) watching family Guy :p
Good luck contacting customer support. I've been trying to speak to an agent for around 2 hours now.
I just got up not going to work fuck that
Well...we just lost a stupid soccer game....and i officially hate half of my team...i thought being captain would make this year good..
Mine's been down for a week now. If it weren't for the work vehicle, I would've biked to Southfield by now.
Day 2 of
looking forward to seeing those photos. A woman was just in all decked out from GON-gorgeous turquoise headpiece and all.
thanks - and we need to get together when we're back!
XO good morning!
God created you, not your problems... I like that! :D
Clickbank Tutorials - Is FAP Turbo A Scam? Find Out If FAPTurbo Is Scam Or Money Maker
This is beginning to be a waste of time.
The sex appeal >
lol you don't do that on the regular??
wake up at 6 am to go to work, but waiting up for your song! it's midnight here in California!
Happy Birthday to my birthday buddy.
After improving for the first time in almost two weeks yesterday, Mortgage Rates increased back to Wednesday's levels.
wasted 4 hours of the day just sleeping in :/ ugh and my ankle is killing me....i wanna go to track so bad but i cant barely walk!
Were super excited for the #shredathon tomorrow at , come out and support!
this is so undeniably true!
Hey iBeliebNDirect! Thanks for following!
looking at tan girls with perfect body's and big boobs and perfect asses makes me feel like a huge pile of dog shit. fuck everything.
damn you're cute
": "We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves, otherwise we harden." Goethe"
Reading up on stream of consciousness, cool stuff!!
Someone's knocking at the door, somebody's ringing the bell. Do me a favor. Open the door. And let 'em in!
Merry Christmas everyone! Making Some grasshopper crackle cookies!
adding all the bits and bops for the Timberwolf in the parts shop
RT : What to do when there is a blizzard in NYC? Take off your clothers & eat burgers with the Polar Brrrger...
Gna attempt to cook for my mom tmrw
How was Brenda Laurel's presentation? Think that it might have struck a cord - even though it wasn't just about Black girls.
I would but it's so hard for him to get your tweets cause theres alot of people that tweet him lol.
I bet you look fine(: don't worry
Hugh has me in tears tonight. Hate to turn off the radio, but I must.
would love to do that if there was any way to track.
Now listening to and interview on WRAS 88.5 FM!
I would starve to death waiting on to feed me -_-
RT : recognizing complexity will find its way in2 the equation; not an issue w/a simple foundation
Intersession "Elder Robert L. Waller" Father stir up the sound tht wakes up ancient anointings and makes them relevant!
Preventing homicide since 2010 RT : Thanks for being the only Union blog with writing that doesn't make me homicidal
My dad wears camo. On the daily. It's bad.
Man....what u know about Reasonable Doubt!?
The hardest thing about #telemark skiing pregnant is trying to buckle my own boots & bindings. Oh, and walking after 2 days of pwdr turns :)
Ok...time to stop tweeting, roll outta this bed and hit the gym!
I wonder who is the boys from ICONic Boyz first crush was!!!!:))
Being a Mom to adult children is much harder than when they were cute little babies
that's cold lol
I will be more productive in April....April Fools!
Countdown: 11 days,14 hrs to Battle of Atlanta 43; nominate your instructor(s)for Officials Hall of Fame; www.battleofatlanta.info
It's hard being a jack of all trades & master of none when I sit in meetings with Masters who have not worked 2 master their craft.
Hope you are well Bro! Love to you and the family!!!
it's a pretty personal subject
LMFAO at the "Head Wedgie" commercial.
The only thing that can beat Linsanity is Melocrity.
Man I did bro #roscoeschickenandwaffles off the chain RT : Dont hurt yourself bro....lol!
the DH is having himself a game
I can't wait until I leave Oregon.
I hope everyone stays safe!
Other than the awkwardness of running into my ex's mom, this was one of the best nights I've had. <3
Yeah right oh well thanks anyways for being you :) !*)
We're curious... why did you choose the Medifast program?
You are coming out of the land of the lost my love! Here's to another summer of silliness, trips and wiggles ;)
hahahahahaha, is that why? #ihatebeingpretty :P
how's that awkward haha?
Writing music. Recording Music before i go to class so i can have something to do in class.
Inspired me to dye my hair blonde when I was 12, about the same time that my parents first kicked me out of the house.
so hard to believe it's been almost 2 yrs since Lisa Stone went missing. Still no justice, but I will never give up!
can we expect any accumulation of this beautiful white stuff here in Bloomington?
As of 9:15am, back-up on S'bound #JFX extends from construction at 28th all the way back to Cold Spring.. Good thing I'm going North
make sure you explain why iOS doesn't have all the carrier bs
good luck, best wishes!
Lust for lime.
Thanks for checking up out ! Come check out our live show at The 5 Spot in Nashville, TN on 12/08. Should be boogie-licious!
thank you for sharing - i just responded!
you want to
Gerhart for any potential answer to the question RT : who's the better prospect, turbin or gerhart?
awesome to hear about class. Let me know which class ur taking!
Hey thanks Dan!!
Want to volunteer this week? Hit me up.
Mom finally let me drive in the streets alone.
thatmeans i won the standoff
Good call! If anything hit my boy that does ticket sales. Ill tell him your fam.
yea yea. txt me bck
A positive word written is better than a thousand words unspoken. -John Errigo
Thanks a bunch for following. I've always been a believer and have had many experiences with the other side in my life.
Hey, West Va.! Thanks for following.
i just saw this... legit you looked like him
hahaha ofc:-) will you be interviewing the wanted when they are in Chicago Friday ? Or one direction? Thanks!
I just shingled a motherfucking roof.
Wait for the new big SLJ headline: "YALSA stirs controversy with new website policy."
Thank you! I hope you love it!
IT'S DA BOOTY..the condition and position...George Clinton said it best: do the knowledge to Maggot Brain..his intro..word
Absolutely breathtaking!!!!
Thx Coach! RT The Monuments Men describes the efforts to save art and culture during the frantic end to #WWII. Awesome read.
Thank you for a successful 2011 LiveText Assessment Conference..stay tuned for more updates on upcoming events: www.livetext.com
Doing the first of two Ph.D. exams this morning. Should be "fun."
I'm not a big fan of Mondays so let's make it a lil more fun. Who's down to get this trending..? => #DescribeYourPenisWithAMovieTitle RT!
oh & i can't get replaced baby
here, here! Let's catch up!
#Tweegram guess what?? I love you
Cool! What did you have tonight?
Who's MCing? RT : This weekend marks the much-anticipated return of "Pilots Got Talent", Sunday, 7:30 PM, Buckley Auditorium
#NW The Client List
It was very surreal. They were from Florida and came up to see shows, ending in "Bash". I was blown away.
was simply awesome!! So glad Bubba won just a great guy!
Join dean Larry Kirkman at a reception to celebrate 11 years as dean!! 4/18 7:30-8:30 p.m. in the Perch w/ food and refreshments
Dear north carolina i hate yew
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Take No Prisoners! – How USA has treated POW’s
it wasn't too bad. it was a very odd show though. hah.
You can overcome some potential objections with your testimonials. Ask leading questions when asking for a testimonial.
I got a certain lust for life
Totally! I love it.
Words can not even describe how heart broken I am. 💔
Dear real estate agents, calling me Honey is totally not cool. Thanks!
Wow my sis is actually coming to church with us, but that's only cuz its easter smh -___-
Beyond sage and wise words which we need to be reminded of often. It's good to have you back!
First meeting of comics course accomplished: great exercise having them reassemble a cut-up page from Shaun Tan's The Arrival
As I think both parties are in the wrong in this fratricidal war there is nothing comforting even the hope that God may prosper the right.
I understand the caution; so far I've not seen evidence strong enough to doubt his word. He was touting it months ago.
- Sam came to pick me up. Thx!
It's killing me! | RT This is both awesome & agonizing! Bk & forth, bk & forth!
Due in three hours. Working on it.
Hey we'll be performing on May 8th! Plz RT & check us out!
If you ask me, I think they should make the day after the Super Bowl a national holiday ... SO THAT EVERYONE IS FREE TO WATCH 'SMASH'
Updating the ol' resume. Trying to keep it to 1 page but my list of AWANA awards is making that tough...
cold night in Chicago, brrr. Watching the baseball game. Making my lunch for manana.
Today's Sandwich: Ham & Co-jack on a French baguette with lettuce & dijonaisse...served with a cup of soup....$6.95
Power is out in Cane Ridge.
Me too lol
Daydreams may be pleasant, but accomplishments are more satisfying!
And we are going to the 10th
Thanks for following!
It's not thursday, but #throwback; she dont want a man - dynasty <3 <3 <3
woahwoahwoahhhh. "Please don't stop iCarly"?!?! DO NOT STOP IT. IT WILL BE THE BIGGEST MISTAKE. FIRST DRAKE&JOSH, keep icarly, please :(
good call! I've had Glasper on blast
I'm actually not overclocked. For whatever reason, this board will refuse to power on when overclocked.
“: I dont like to get political but Mitt Romney is a embarrassment to our country.” And to all those guys named Mitt.
The 2 LA basketball teams might not make it out of the 2nd round but the Kings are still winning.
#citysoul How do we lift the soul of Los Angeles #nonprofit? 'shut up and listen!'
When a random stranger checks in on 4sq, I like to show up to the restaurant, slide in booth and excuse myself for being late
You're really annoying
I just sent my email to Karen and Steve about that Nashville NACA and talking about BOA made me cry -_-
Here's to your success and absolutely no money going to !
thanks man!
cool! I know they did that for BMW too. Thanks for the tip!
Your a tool.
The average age a child is first exposed to pornography is 11.
Turkish news, translated by a wire service, highlight of my day:
no way the first ones a classic!
I think I need a bigger suitcase.
SKEETONES are back JUNE 10 w/ ProbCause & Dark Colour! AND both floors open all night - Marky C and RSS holding it down in the basement! $5!
A mere three pages away from finishing out the semester.
Crazy long day. 5 hours mixing 2 songs. Helping out an audio engineering class at MMI. Video Editing tomorrow.
Q2: recommended by Sams Club during a twitter party chat
Great to have you part of the #ClearedJobFair #COBOL #C++ #security clearance
WOOHOO! you are going to have an AMAZING time!!!!
thanks! Lots more to go.
Please don't bring it. I'm tired of hearing being a cry baby.
Q3. Most annoying spammers you've encountered
Im so jealous of everyone that gets to g to the zoo tomorrow .
We're not friends; We're not enemies; We're just strangers with some memories
Congrats Rookie of the Year
Any bloggers interested in doing a giveaway please DM us and we'll try to work something out!
: We refuse to allow nonprofits to use the same rules as the business sector in order to balance the inequalities.
Free skin cancer screenings May 12, 8-10 a.m.Lansdale Hospital’s Orthopedic Institute, Michael Stierstorfer, MD other local dermatologists
...meaning they could be trying to keep out bikers and appeal to a more upscale crowd
no sir...? Elaborate?
Have you been searching for an authentic, deeply integrated #SocialMarketingAutomation solution that really works? We have what you want.
The Cat in the Hat makes me laugh daily. This cat is funny!
Is it okay to report someone for spam because of their horrendous spelling?
Stay hydrated. Otherwise, you may feel really tired.
I give yo Page Mad Love This is what im talkinq bout #YOLO♥
Casey Anthony that kid ho
I'm not asleep! I'm just resting my eyes..
RT Improve yourself by other men's writings, so that you gain easily what others have labored hard for. ~ Socrates
#1DTOURUSA June 2nd Allstate Sect 103 row bb seat 12 Are you the jealous type, if so why?
Let see, I mowed the yard, 3 of us dug the weeds out I the garden beds, and I put the first coat of primer up in the workshop. Now beers.
Thank you & happy holidays to you too!
what kind of pie? I think we might have moaned to you about the dire lack of proper pies over here.
Anyone who sees Homeless Coach RV on streets of Austin on March 3rd and tweets it will receive free Austin original meal in the Coach!
This meeting has cut into my break.
Going to have a good night with my best friend
A link for???
ARSC list comment of the year: "I wish we had someone with deep pockets funding analytical labs populated by people who understood tape!"
Happy Monday!
That is great news!
You the best! Thanks again. SO good talking.
i just noticed how every laker fan from last year became a heat fan this year. all you hear about is the heat
Just started working with a great company, named Greenerprinter.com living and breathing the sustainable business model.
sad to see jonny buckland trade in his teles for strats. and yet everything still sounds exactly the same. hmm.
yes i agree roll up shawty
Happy Friday!
Great #taptalks in DC privacy summit! Tx
I had to go there to believe it. Jesus.
is in search of creative inspiration... Any ideas?
“: "I love your crocs" Said by Nobody, Ever.”
The man who goes alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready. - Henry David Thoreau
Justin Is Our Buzz Lightyear. <3
I seriously can not get ready without music on. Idk how some of you guys do it
OMG i just saw Never Say Never and that really inspired me to put videos of myself singing! hopefully someone finds me <3
LOL I'd rather you tweet it to the Buffet or answer on FB or even anonymously on the website. But I'll accept if you must
#edcampcincy I use Twitter to ask questions of other educators and to invite others to ask me.
yes!!! That's so funny I love it! :)
you pick :D
Good luck with the book. Sounds interesting, to say the least.
@ edna, but again they blogged contented indolence
I might have to talk see if I can talk The Hubby into Netflix. He's not big on subscription things.
Good food in the Amazon Grill
Yep, I obviously did a great job raising him huh? :)
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
ok that's weird. But it beats an unripe banana and bag of pretzels?
Somewhere over the rainbow peaches are performing a musical.
Panic! At the Twitter.
making me hungry.
just watched "i saw the devil"... way too gory O_O
I'll make your insides, on the fucking outside.
Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to fight. Why am I trying to see, when there ain't nothing in sight.
Beer Fact.....Beer is the second most popular beverage in the world, coming in behind tea.
Just proves my theory, Mock Drafts are a HUGE waste of time and energy Believe it! Avoid them at all cost. Don't write them, don't read them
#sigh is making me jealous tonight. Love #theboss !
Oh so now all of us glamberts are gonna start saying ig 'nant? cx
“: Quote of the day: you never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have!”
#BeaverNation is everywhere, even at the airport on my way to Juneau
Happy NY Clay, tough finish and tough day today for Vols. 2010 will be better.
Thanks to all my fans... haha. Oh, trying to keep pace w/you... gonna hit 30 pages this weekend!
RT : Twitter is something some of your school friends find boring yet you are addicted to it.
In a place where I don't know which way to turn.
Me either he keeps buzzing people before they get a chance to do anything :p
OK I can't upload the damn NEW TRACKS on myspace, but they are here: www.ursession.com/rosellaband Please vote for them! Comment blah blah.
I used to have super-human powers, but my psychiatrist took them away..
Coffee. Coffee. Coffee? Coffee!
I definitely agree
such a great idea--do u have a link to this?
Congrats to the class of the ignored for getting call backs :)
Hey you should follow and They are good folks to know!
u said music twice
#IAlwaysWonderIf you even care as much as i did..
your a joke. Nice egg.
Man, I'm headed to the Academy right now!
~I wish I would've bottled up all the tears you've ever made me cry… so i could DROWNED YOU IN THEM!!!~
Sure am glad the election is all about the economy....can't wait for November...sigh
Gahh. Why must everyone attack me? "because its your fsult for having a bad attitude" My bf reads all my tweets anyway. No privacy with him!
yes you should
CANT WAIT FOR YAL TO COME DOWN TO TAMPA
I've always wanted to be an apple
Love it! So excited!
Thanks so much, Frank for sharing Alex's post with your followers! Hope you had a great weekend!!
I think I want to get to know her better..!?
"Can't knock the hustle"
#hth2012 interesting tensions. Digital is not authentic (earlier). Now want to reach public but also fear what public would do with data.
just had a fantastic meeting with musical theater writer. she's got a show going up at yale rep this year.
Off to soccer!! Spider man went to Wal-Mart with me :)
Accept and let go is the first step to moving forward with change
Cool....not only the weather but today's Zany Holiday. It's National Kool-Aid day..take it to the beach: Play in the Sand Day too
youre right about the tweeting!... the ray rice and ryan clark twitter war ended awkwardly
Unbelievable!!! Damn, he is good...thank you Obama!!!
Get the big dippers and the ribs. Request corn bread.
Pedro Martinez makes his Phillies debut tonight against the Cubbies ... does he still have it?
Baseball season.....
Niggas ant shit watch who you trust its not always females
How do you eat your macaronii??? wit a spoon or a fork???
this year will make sense next year
i think it must be some unspoken rule that elementary school clocks are neither the correct time or set to the same time.
hey thank you for putting so much info in such an awesome spot
up.....guess what im doin
Do not regret growing older. It's a privilege denied to many.
you too, sir!
Bravo yourself, Sir. RT : BRAVO
Poor girl's Grammys - no cable - watching John Norris online discuss the awards... Is dude wearing a toupeé?
awe !!!! MERRY CHRISTMAS SYMONEY !!!! <3 WHAT YOU GET ?
missed that tweet you sent! But yes we are classmates in this educational life ;-)
This is a young man's game, so get out the lane.
You nasty boy...
Tried to join a Yahoo group with my Gmail account. Apparently that was a terrible, terrible idea.
Why is it so hard to understand -- vaccine recommendation DOES NOT mean mandate
RT RT I'm so glad im outta high school. << Lmao, I think this ALL the time. I hated it there.
I always enjoy touching base with you! Thursday PM?
thank you:) we're just a local band from Kentucky promoting ourselves before our ep release!
Companies are using #LinkedIn and #Facebook to recruit new employees... Is your brand doing the same?
call it Bucketworks and we share a name and idea with you! Use the name recognition! will help launch!
I especially love listening to an album the day after the concert.
The Indians have taken the lead! WOO!
Hey : RT : Check out charity taking off! Be sure to check out from benefiting
You & your stupid flip flops I would love 2 throw you off a roof and watch your flip flops fly of your feet as you fall 2 your death lol...
I guess it wasnt meant to be
I have a serious case of the mondays through late thursdays.
"He frees the revolver and fires point blank at the guard's back."- THE EMPEROR JONES
My dad is having a BBQ for my mom. Your invited!!!! Please come! You probably can't but can you follow me? And tweet back?❤
CHRISTIAN! YOU LIKE SPONGEBOB?
Despite ESPN's Boston bias, gotta love
Chloe, thank you SO much! That is wonderful news. I'm so looking forward to your cookbook - grace + peace :)
#FF Podcast I've listened to this week
hey boo
yes, that is correct. :)
Today's the day
Regarding the article mentioned, I hope to be able to finish & post it soon. Let me know if you are being informed & learning something.
Thanks to the Nat’l Wild Turkey Federation’s () Jakes Program for being a great partner at the Youth Fair!
What Jordan expect Paul Silas to do with that roster... He coulda gave em another year, he cash out on bums anyways
I love holiday baking!! Yummy apple carrot muffins comin' right up!
and the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now, next chapter
NCAA Looking into Nerlens Noel ...would they if he didn't come to UK?
Good Morning! All art is but imitation of nature. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
where are you?
spoiler alert hahaha
Thanks for trying. Sirius is just trying to shake down those of us who were lifers.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. Einstein
#Smoothbeats.com in the #ROC #Southwedge Office, keeping energy high and sipping the
that's right, keep em in line!
wat do u need to no??
What is one secret that you haven't told anyone?
Momma bear always looking out(:
Robinson's mother tells me he had walked to a Walmart in Stockbridge. She is with him now and relieved he seems to be ok.
Merry Christmas John!
♬ The Canyon Wren sings in a Chromatic Scale which divides the Octave into 12 semitones, while Hermit Thrush sing in a Pentatonic Scale ♬
No place in the world like good ole SA.
Gotta pay where u lay
2012 17U Uncommon Girls Select Basketball team preparing to make noise during spring and summer tournament tour
yea I followed you lol :]
That's good stuff right there, so true.
Dude, save some for me. I'll be there Friday night.
I'm doing VO work for Pizza Hut, which means I'm guaranteed to be craving pizza for lunch!
That's why you make the big bucks!
Im so excited to see Titanic in the big screen can't wait #althoughihavethemovieathome 🚢
DM Can you DM me your email address?
Hahaha I love Caris. ;)": Every time they mention Game 6 of the WS in this game, I make it a point to shout "IT SHOULDA BEEN US!!!"
Holy crap I have a LOT to do today. I just don't think it's gonna get done in one day.
Whose gonna be watching the Ufc in fox this evening? What are your picks for tonight?
RT : When someone tells me to RT something, I immediately don't want to. You may take my life, but you'll never take my tweedom.
why can't i ever find ppl from school on twitter :/
Thanks, Martin! Here's to a new year of sharing our deepest beliefs with one another! Thank you for a year of inspiration.
Im sweating buckets..
in need of silence.
EDU Online Community $107.4 Million Awarded to more than 100 Schools that Focus on Serving Latino Students
Saturday with my family , we are go to the beach !
If Obama wins reelection, Israel parliament will force Bibi to resign within 6 months.
Tis the season to be sporty... baseball playoffs, football season and hockey fast approaching!
pfff - i don't need no man to get me ice cream, i'm self serve! hahahaha
thanks love! Britney always looks so fab 😊❤
wonderful! Now you can come visit me! I'll make popcorn...
yes, I have a couple of them. They are comfortable.
ha, oops. Forgot to uncheck the Twitter box in Hootesuite.
and yes, still on nights.
It's gonna be a great show. Coincidentally, I'm listening to your pre-recorded segment and you sound very smart, Bud.
I look down on my haters!
We both reached for the gun..
Huff hit it hard. He just hit it right at the first baseman.
Solo Improv to perform at Hawaii Festival of Improv this Sept! Woot woot!
Last weekend as a high schooler!
Rules for #adtech 1) Don't look up when texting 2) Jeans & jacket 3) No eye contact, just read the badge 4) Say 'social' & 'cloud' often :)
Twitter!! Where's the love? We appreciate our 15 fans, but we need MORE!!
<--- NOT FROM CHARLOTTE.
I smell a partnership! Or maybe that's just trogs shoes!
Attending political fundraiser for my friend who's running as an Independent for Congressional seat in NoVa
You got the swag sauce, you dripping Swagu.
I love the song on the Internet Explorer commercial.
#know12 IT orgs are still clinging to "call the help desk" mentality. Better to encourage self-help, self-service models
So know they are re-scaning my whole order. Been at check stand for a @#$%&*? Hour!!! And I still don't thing #Walmart has it right!
#Kentucky coach John Calipari is the _most overrated coach in college hoops...
Proud to announce, Lynch Exhibits has joined #NSF #sponsorship family! Lynch's stadium #technology creates unmatched #sports experience!
What we need is more movies based on comic books.
Good morning! How are you?
Sender I meant sender the question
Off to work heading north from greenfield ave to cap dr. Am I better off on 45 or hwy 100?
please follow for information regarding your prize. Thank you.
Awesome! One thing (I hate to be "that guy") but can you make it say: BestTechie - without the space. It's a branding thing.
thanks for da love! ;)
Heading To The Barber Shop, Got An Appointment In 5 Min.
Garage Sale-ing on #christmaseve!
You might like my account. Check out the community. :)
ratchet*** it's one t, sweety.
#whatisnttrending The League of Republican Transgender Women Voters.
I knew that God would give Tebow the coin toss. Good thing its not sudden death anymore.
#courtney_love was raped by #TheMuppets? Does that mean Kermit has syphilis now?
Oh my GOD. Honey. I'm so sorry. So terribly sorry. I can't imagine. GIGANTIC HUGS. Like as big as the world.
Critics I love every bone in their heads.
Sweet jesus I love
If your children feel safe, wanted and loved, you are a successful parent.
can't wait for the show!!!!
Coined the phrase #corporatemimosa this morning at work after an all nighter. OJ plus Red Bull equals
A great day.
Probably going to waste my whole day by sitting in my room playing call of duty all fucking day.
It is so beautiful out! Too bad I'm stuck at work
Somebody needs to fight Erica.
send me a private message thing with your first and last name, date of order, and what you ordered and i will ask sam about it
RT : that is called the infield defense Golden Sombrero.
stop teasing just show us :)
It would be pure awesomeness if you followed me.:)
Let me know if u run into any issues...
I'll still be writing sports, but I'll be writing a bit less frequently like 3 times a week as opposed to every day
just became the 3rd player in #NLL history with 500 goals, as he scored his 4th tonight in Buffalo.
werd life!!! Quilt time!!!
#Imagine Zayn texting you:''I really just wanna hold you in my arms and kiss you. I hate the distance! :("
Since that's such a fair trade off.. lol cupcake for job, haha
Cabby single, Prince triple, Delmon double. I can listen to this all summer :) #Tigers #WhoNeedsSpeed?
The "Siri is beta" is 100% bull. You don't run TV commercials of Samuel L Jackson using your beta.
Why is the Derby City Classic Night with the Future Stars in New Albany?!? On a Thursday?????
At least some of us can form a complete sentence and not curse or talk ghetto.
Me and pauly d are ment to be. At the shore he dated a dani and in miami a rocio. My name is Daniela Rocio Guevara match made in heaven <3
where you off to? RT : Not in Dateland, AZ. Maybe this should be Kevin's second location.
Thanks! Rooting for your boys to go to the cup if the Kings miss out...
i agree, every now and then...cause a lot of it is yummy! and certainly convenient!
In case u missed it Ted Thompson mouthed "F" off Bert Favre
it is amazing how much space a 10lb cat can take up when she makes her mind up to do it
I did try it... Clever and cool. Well done.
you guys one of few teams I like 2 C do well but Rogers is KILL'n my fantasy league how bout more RB action! lol
Always go after your dreams
"I Heard It Through The Timeline"
now I'm realizing he ain't you
So tired u forget ur wearing cloths,lightly feel something touch u freak out and then remeber.
Raise your hand if you know what "lake effect snow" is. How bout "barometric pressure?! Yeah... that's what I thought.
Now my pic is epic
Just to be adding it's free again, all of the sirens are driving me over the stern
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen people think I Am What I Am is just a random trending topic, but in fact it's a Jonas Brothers song.
Just when he couldn't get any worse, hits batter with bases loaded?!? Unreal!
I can't wear flip flops if my toes aren't painted..
omg uh my mom can see this i comment on in the fb group wHAT
Probably going to fail the easiest Chemistry test we have ever had tomorrow. I don't feel like studying definitions 😒
ohh that sucks
aw! Thank you! That was me! :)
you should come visit us for lunch!?
Feel like I need to cry.
Praying for my family
The fact you want to tell me more about yourself tells me I already don't like you.
Way to go faculty, 90% of final grades have been entered. 10 hours left until the midnight deadline.
Go for it! Worst case, you’ll still have taste, touch, smell, and hearing. Not a bad ensemble…
Ain't no way around it
LOVE JCPenney's new look! Come check out their Every Day pricing!
I love my mommy.
"Be yourself, be original" the best advice
I like a guy who putt his whole entire family before a female.
Ginger Mandarin Chicken, Tea Soaked Brown Rice, Sunflower Seeded Broccoli
~Hello - so very nice to meet you ~ DJ
#YouCuteAndAll but wats going on with your feet...
Sun 9/25 Mark Towns & Tribology at Houston Wine Fest downtown Houston 7pm
How many people on twitter use their government?
I love sitting here alone all day.. Isn't it mothers day?
well dont wanna be a stalker so whats up lady??
he was so serious about it too lmao
the most significant pitch AJ Burnett will throw this year is a perfect strike to someones face with a nice tray of pie today.
luv that song 10 things I hate bout u
thnx, love that placebo article - let me know if you have any time free early evening, before the tweet up
Music to our ears! -The B Side RT : OH MY GOD! there gonna be a music video??? "OK" is my favorite song off the album!
ONLY need 23 followers to break 1000 i follow back come on guys book me up
hello hello I'm here to distract u from your academic duties :D
ugh i feel sick :(
have you turned your Flabs to abs? ;)
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years! Support the socks off it!!!
i have no clue, part of me wants to cuz it was fckin expensive and the other part of me is telling me i look ridiculous
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
FYI, I always always blink. Sigh. It was SO NICE to finally meet you! It's so funny we were put in adjacent karaoke rooms!
Hey chick
no! that don't count! >.<
Why is everybody so serious? Acting so damn mysterious. Got shades on your eyes & your heels so high that you can't even have a good time
“: #CelebrityTwitterPasswords Bieber's was 'mypenis' but it came up as too short.” not funny, Mitch!
Taking Risks in Stock Market Trading
Glad to report I survived... RT : Email Subject of the Day: "Lou is stuck in the elevator." (CC )
So now they cant find Zimmerman??? Wow ok...
RT : #ADP #India Ranked in Top 50 Best Companies to Work For 2012 by Great Places to Work Institute ^LG
Learn about the Sea Stars & the Sevengill Sharks that inhabit the bay, as we tour the Aquarium of the Bay this Saturday (12/5/09) at 5:30pm.
I'll walk away and I never plan on looking back.
Happy Earth Day!
My phone now does everything but function as a phone.
Happy birthday balony!! 21 is ur best years! enjoy it
Erica Lamm is sharing and soliciting tips for creating immediacy (appropriate closeness) in the classroom at
knowing that you will never be good enough but still trying
Wtf!? #nyave #rt.50 W into DC flooded E of kennilworth ave & #BWprkwy w/ no signs, warning or traffic report. (or ferry x-ing)
ringglinglingligngg! Thanks for the follow!! love,
This movie NINJA is awful. If u see it on netflix ... leave it be.
Isn't the definition of "choice" an "informed decision"? If you are pro-choice, how/why is this proposed bill a bad thing?
any friend of blue moon is a friend of mine - pass the orange slices!
Of course you are!! :)
hey hun I wrote you a song maybe one day you will be able to listen to it
“: “: I feel old👵😒!!”>>> your getting there lmfao O_o jk”>>just a tad bit lol
I have been up for about 27 hours my record for staying up is 32 hours lets see if I can break this -ProtoSkar
lol! Not sure why but the image of u holding tiny pink t makes me smile!
Amazing save by Martin Brodeur. 40 years old and still getting it done.
OMG. Perfect! i'm watching tomorrow's episode right now :D and ugh we're going to talk about everything that happens later(:
Awwn oomf said he loves me : ) ♡
Stop by Georgetown Law School! 600 New Jersey Avenue
I'm sure they'll be good!
- You ride on something the winter? - um, bad - ice skating, fucking - on the ass;)
My daddy say she gone be spoil
i know a trusty worthy and reasonably priced mechanic in Madison. I've been really happy with them - message me if interested
I Am Too Young For Tears In The Night.
Thank you! Hope you had a fab weekend!
its not that far from Bergson to Deleuze. Esp. if you have read Nancy Munn
Freeforall w/o it! RT : A4 - This is a serious problem that most cos do not know how to manage - SM policy must be in place
Can't wait to be off work eating wings tho
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 8
I would make you come to Colorado and see you on snow!
Yes I did!!! Do I needa show you the messaging list?!
Any chance some model rocket people are back there in the distance? Those areas could be plume from parachute eject at apogee :)
My friend saw u at the aquarium! and she got you to say hi to the camera, and she said she did it for me,<33:D
Isn't life a bunch of Monday's? joy in the mundane moments which make up life:)
My life has just been degraded ninety percent. :D
Waiting for the plane home is like waiting for christmas. So excited. Except flying is scary.
After bar with the snl cast and the farley brothers at Murphys...how cool is that?!
Playground Elite over NY Lightning, 85-59. Duane Wilson had 22 and Austin Malone-Mitchell and Jake Lahinen added 15 each.
Yes, but the thing I've not heard from him, exactly, is it's a loss or disavowal of Britannica. Internet distro is the victor.
U don't walk or jog in my neighborhood, U run for your life.
That's not really my area of expertise. I can tell you how I treat my college students.
Setting up for my pisces!!!! See you tonight with nadine rae" a national blues band" @ 8pm. "Proud Mary"
Are you going to visit ?(;
I can't wait for next year's Stevie B. Superbowl Halftime Show. Party Your Body!!!!
I do understand the rules of the game. Just like some people like the DH rule in baseball and others don't. Sports ref for ya :)
My meetings at #SXSW: Good ones and bad ones. Amazing how all over the place people are w/ understanding new digital age.
Two picks. Two Texans. That's 100% folks.
Worst 3 point shooting ever fortunately it's both teams. Let's go Heat get it together win this.
Thx for the follow. Happy to reciprocate. Looking forward to your posts. Cheers!
mental break from my iOS/FB app- answerking RoR koala questions, ha
ATTENTION #Dems: #MSM has totally made switch now in supporting over our President. How can we counteract? VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!
