Hey how was your day?(: #FollowMe?(: <3
that bird was ballsy!
a forehead... but bigger
Let me count the ways. For $50 million in guaranteed salary, I would burrow under 3 feet of snow to mouth-fuck a polar bear.
Democratic candidates in #wirecall make last stops before Tuesday primary. Barrett has 3 stops in Kenosha, Falk heads to Milwaukee
I love my bitches (: haha . She buyin me a black
Got down my roundoff back-tuck but I just can't seem to get my roundoff back-handspring >.<
#Packers are 11-0!! Heck yes :)
Facebook ain't nothing but street gossip and Twitter is a popularity contest smh
“: An entertaining Super Bowl was made more enjoyable by fact we won a pool w/Giants' late TD, failed 2-pt play” same here
I see that we only need two - that's TWO - people to round our page's fans to 800. Ask a friend to join the party!
whatre you up to til christmas we gotta chill
my pillow* light please!!
thanks ! Hope we can catch up soon.
It was never love
thanks for the encouragement
#DearOomf I find you very attractive .
If this college thing is gna work i really have to stop doing all this procrastination -_-
#HappyMothersDay to my wonderful mom and aunt. They're two of the greatest people and I love them to death(: Thank you for everything<3
nice to meet u too u got a facebook
I disagree. I think ATL is better than DET right now. They beat them straight up.
Cant wait until this gnarly sunburn starts peeling and it looks like i have gnarly dandruff
5 page paper done by tomorrow?
Hanging out with my best freind beverly and my sister.
A camel? Really? Only in Austin.
Thx for the welcome! I've been here as but am now jumping in with both feet.
sounds awesome!
what?! Who would be so foolish? How can dance class be more important than spending time with YOU?
Even without the daily twitter reminders, I still remember the 'Islander clock' every day. We will succeed
Terrible feeling when your no longer needed ... aint it lmao!!
hope you back with the team next year! you was a definite bright spot...
Knicks looked good but need to close out games with defense.
thanks so much for playing your heart out and wearing the blue with pride. #BBN will always have your back! Get some rest!!
what is one song you listen to that never gets old?
I mean did you send it to me before today?
you are so sweet that if u were a booger I would pick you first
It's almost mothers day! What's everyone doing for it?
nice summer rain in park slope, brooklyn
having 2nd thoughts about the councilman
I used to be one; whadda ya got?
hi, i'm your future wife <3
#SomeoneIWantToMeet he's amazing and I love him so much.
%40DanH1nrichs um yeah you do! if I go I'll throw stuff on your card so you get punches!
Everyone getting to act like they're Irish on St. Pat's is made a bit less offensive to me by everyone getting to act like a Wasp on Easter.
Unfortunately, there are not.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral
Please remind me 2 remind U about reminding me to send U this reminder that reminds me of reminding U that U never have to remind me
is it weird that i have a crush on ? probably... i <3 him <3
Registration for the Wild West Veterinary Conference will be opening next month!! Keep your eyes peeled for details!
i have a number of mixes i can toss you. As for musical diversity, there's spots, just have to know about them. Keep in touch.
When is assault not aggravated
Excellent. Working on a special treat for all.
Finished a session with for the new DCAP record... Get ready internet!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYBODY!!!! GOD BLESS YOU ALL! #1♥
the playoffs have been interesting so far I think it's pretty even in the west and would love to see some surprises in the east
Time to stop putting off integrating social media into my lead gen campaigns. Where to begin?
very exciting!
The names of politicians who sought online #poker bans are reviled in the poker community. Will the name share that infamy?
Waiting in car in juana diaz town center.. There's a game of dominoes being watched by at least ten men
and blake!
After that they were made out of leather which was stuffed with feathers Russian I
I really needed a little NW recharge this weekend.
marathon of dope vinyl.. anyone? sooner then later its coming!
Ready for another amazing night w/ to see my all time faves at <3 <3
Glad we were able to give you a jump—any chance you could share some details about what you're working on now?
Paranormal Activity 3 did the franchise justice! And no, this does not invite you tell me how you didn't like it.
#Congratulations to Seniors Frank Arute, Kelly Collett & Tim Wilwert for receiving 1st place for their POPACs design at the AIAA conference!
Have a good weekend #TeamFitness Fam
GreenDoor at Edenglen grand opening this Saturday at 10am! New Designs for Modern Living in Ontario! Check out homes in the low $300,000s!
Who is this Ed Reed and how did he do against my Patriots in the playoffs?
you didn't! i swear you didn't!
my outlook icon decided to be a word icon today...at least i still don't have to use word
annotating a printed pdf of a digital humanities article
Os can learn a lot from the rangers
Laptop was invented as a personal creation vehicle for students
Be nice to everyone and they will be nice to you #yogabbagabba gets it why can't the rest of the world get it
and I may have found something worse than taking to the casino. the humane society.
now my brain be working overtime and I remember what all my relationships were like all at once...
Lauren Camp-- when there is no audience, it's harder to pull it out of yourself
Oh yea Thanx bro!!
Everyone must see Bill Cunningham Documentary at www.filmforum.org for details. A wonderful film about an extraordinary beautiful person.
i cut my bangs too short so now i feel stupid
I got tan yesterday… kinda.
Getting pumped for Sleep No More at the McKittrick Hotel tonight! Supposed to be an awesome NYC experience.
Up too late editing performance clips.
im excited 2 plzs follow thats one of my wishes this new years 4 u to follow me plzs plzs luv ya lots logan
This is OKC year out of the west.
Good morning! It's still shitty outside.
Watch out! might be on you. RT : Lmao, people still make diss-tracks? Play in traffic, booboo ass.
#OneThingILove competition/gambling
your cell phone is obsolete in 2 years, shouldn't your internet change too...Peewaddy.com
that's where I live.
Dear girls in this Facebook profile pic, no one thinks you're sexy
Ah! Can't sleep now! Eben RT'd me!! :) #accomplished thank you :)
#Orlando bound Tonight!! I Believe in Wrestling at 8pm!! Cant Wait!!
I kinda like the name "The Indomitables" for this team...incapable of being subdued or overcome; unconquerable, never giving up
Wait, I get credit for Padawan, right? That seemed clever. And I notice my iPhone has added the word to its vocab
Congrats! I'm shooting for the list of the Top 50 sociologists not to follow for fear of dangerous ideas.
Focus on the Kenyan. Village idiots!
#WhyDoHoes Call them selves bitches we already thought of a name for you "Ratchet".
All I've hear this week - "hey what are u doin for 4/20?" Uhhmm same thing I do every Friday?
Yal nerd basch drasa :| RT": Mom's plan for the summer vacation is to go tl Mecca, and my plan was to take summer school.
I discovered that it is really hard to work without an index finger
please inform that I started saying "bro bro" before him.
You stay classy, Lakers! Yikes...
you could say I am not your average #moo cow :)
SOUTH CAROLINA GOES BACK TO BACK IN COLLEGE WORLD SERIES 5-2
what u tweeting bout!!!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW TABLET PC REVIEW: 10.2" Synthetic Leather Case with Keyboard and
Maybe readers won't be so distrustful of science if they come away from a story feeling smarter. Mark Johnson
Quiet Monday
Shout out
Lol how do y'all know each other?
"Here are my terms." - NICOLE MILANO
Think about this before licking someone: "Tongue prints are as unique as fingerprints" ;)
Guess Peprah missed the come-to-Jesus meeting for the defense. Just like he missed the tackle.
I am working tonight and counting the minutes. :D Have a great weekend!
Antoine 2 Antoine...I gotta survive lol :/
crazy plank day! super strong core- forearm and palm!
Re New Yorker: interesting re the piece is Stanford as site where humanities v utilitarianism playing out. Trad v new ways of
TODAY! Discussion about Mifflin at the Madison Senior Center (330 W. Mifflin) at 7pm with Alderman Mike Verveer
Happy Veterans Day to all of those who serve our country and have done so in the past. We are all very grateful for what you do!
": if you got a girl that holds you down, LET THEM HOES GO."v
Its roman me and Nicki against the world
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.
If you love someone set them free... If they don't come back, it's a good thing you had a tracking device implanted in them.
u guys were great! Wish we could get a pic w/ all 4 of u!
On the plane, about to take off for Memphis. So close to Graceland, yet not a single chance to go while i'm there. Another time, Elvis.
maybe. Are you an expert yet
#ThingsIAlwaysAvoid getting involved in other peoples drama
About to hit the sack
The light has changed; middle C is tuned darker now ...This is the light of autumn, not the light of spring. - October, Louise Gluck
UGA about to attempt a FG for the win on third down. MSU calls time out.
what you think of Seattle??
Looks like again neglected to honor "Best At Everything": ME.
it's great! Love the place, the people are fun and I get to work on some cool projects :) thanks for asking
Me either, but I know for a fact, I'll be saying that.. haha
Awesome news Janice
Boredom induced naps are bittersweet. I really don't want to take another one, someone.. Let's do something.
fuck that place I do what I want
Why yes, yes they would. :)
I gotta be honest, it's looking like a #Celtics vs. #Spurs final. The would HATE that matchup but this year, the old teams are the best
okay! -smiles-
Being a vegan is going to be so much more convenient/fun in Portland than in the southeast! Why am I not there yet?! -K
In 2013 Louisville will have a Cabela's, Six Flags is being reopened by the owners of Holiday World & bass fishing will be a KHSAA sport.
yeah dude we'll keep in touch
Wow! Welcome to twitter Dad! How come you're not following me yet? ;-)
OU van swag RT : S/O to and his sick new whip!
elaborate please...
Miss you too Stu!
Water has been reused so many times that it's actually possible that the next glass you have may already has been drunk by someone else.
Talked to friend how much of a burden it is to travel w/ lots of camera equipment, yet I still do it. I take a body & 3 heavy lenses. Sigh..
Hit me, HIT me!!!! RT : yoooooo. New years at the casino. Girls have tickets for a show. will be there.
I Believe...
man life is so awesome the way things happen if you are not connected here on PS you need to be !
Productivity Is Less About Time Management Than It Is About Mind Management [Quotables]
Samantha i am so glad your dating Carlos you guys look cute together and you are so pretty wish u the best
Watching my on #YankeesSuck. #GoO's
swear I heard your name before around hami tho
#spectrum paralysis could harm all consumers -- particularly #latinos who rely on those services more and more
i swear to god im going to end up punching this stupid bitch in the fucking face one day !!
haha i understand(:
Break a Leg! on the move - Positive and Productive
thank for the Taylor swift ringtone:)
"Meeting people at their point of need & communicating the love of God through practical expressions of compassion is our mission"
Netflix streaming
Portland Farmers Market at PSU Opens 21st Season on March 17!
Mac N Cheese improves mental awareness. It's a scientific fact.
I'd like to offer my take, but can't given my job....covered the guy as a prosecutor too
That's my muthafucking words to you.
You love your boyfriend of one day? Oh, tell me everything you know about him; won't even be five minutes long.
Goodell is using CBA as a sword to wield authority over Vilma, and then he'll use CBA as a shield to argue lawsuit doesn't belong in court
Strangers in the Night Flight
please follow me i follow back
maybehhh.. i like sitting outside tho...
I'm just overly affectionate with my friends
#Ineedcoffee but once I start my day, it's off to #platoscloset for some fashionable clothes for less money!
:) and we are happy to have you not this week but on the mother of all holidays, Mother's Day.
Best wishes on a successful 1st day!
UGH NO. The new layout is awful.
The own ppl in my circle have said doubted the legitimacy of the 420%ers...
that looks good enough to eat
Andre Drummond is actually a pretty good passer so I think he could play in the hub. The other parts of his off. game are issues
#genomesolver sarah elgin, wash u, at curenet meeting presenting on the well-known GEP "there are no answers in the back of the book"
Wouldn't be great if we held monthly event at the stadium 4 our fallen heros/sons & daughters that have died 2 protect our country!!
I won't I promise ;-)
I like that. :)
In high school, Romney assaulted a gay student. In 2012, he wants to assault the rights of all gay Americans.
Hey Dior:) we are number 12! We could use more votes though;)
I've had the same thing happen to me before. No lie.
I will be dreaming about The Sweetest Thing Sandwich tonight.
I feel bad. It all started because I tweeted I didn't like him on the air, he trolled it, and he jumped all over her case.
oy is right, I can't peddle with these new/old knees anymore. Yukkkk.
Can u be there for me
If it ain't 1 thing its another more money gone today
Thanks for the heads up on search for the game Thanksgiving night. Scotland Yard Pub has it. Open at 8pm.
The wind was blowing - but not too hard - and everyone was so happy for it was only twenty degrees below zero and the sun shone.
skool monday so im tryna get my hair done
Cohen mentions many scholars' reliance on their alumni institutions' library dig colls, bc the places they work don't have $$
I'm excited about OKC.. I think it might go to six games.
We are in West Hollywood and San Vicente. Stop by for a cold ZICO!
Remember how this started? Watson with a cane, in therapy after Afghanistan. #SherlockPBS Series 1, ep 1 on now.
Let's do it! It's still early!
"he is the PR mogul and I am blessed to have known him" -Irma Clark-Coleman
The rain may have stopped pouring in #SanDiego but the bar has not. Visit beautiful
Loading up to do a little Acoustic Show tonite!
So tired of this sore throat. i musta crushed 100 cough drops in the past few days
It feels like since I'm not on here that much anymore everyone quit talking to me, I've been having a REALLY rough time lately...
The Knot says I am way behind on wedding planning, but my planner book says I am way ahead. Who should be believed?
all the pretty girls I see tweeting u....I'm sure there are #BoxOfferings in there somewhere :)
its already 5
A rainy day can't define a sunny disposition :)
A sad ending for an injury laden season for D. Rose.
Esp since some in SEA media said he was better than LaMike #HuckTheFuskies RT Can't believe Chris Polk hasn't been taken yet.
Para-Cleanse is the most effective way to rid your body of all types of parasites. It is recommended u do one box, wait a week & do another!
“Enthusiasm is contagious. Be a carrier.” — Susan Rabin
Just left bikram. What a great workout! This week's goal...everyday until Saturday.
The #OccupyMadison camp at the top of State Street may be under attack today at noon. #Police may clear occupation
Need some caffeine to tackle the Red Line on the Metro this morning. Or a tardis.
Assuming its true. Its not hard to imagine Colt's camp putting it out there to save face and divert blame. Its life.
D.C. weather changes faster than social media!!!
im going to guess it was the one when he kind of pushed jordan...i hated miller ever since that shot lol.
You can't train the jerk out of someone, but I do understand the point of it
Dont forget my name you tatted on that lil monkey (ass) RT : I always forget I have a tattoo
Contradictions are what make us human
killin' em at The Vinatta Project, NYC. Shame if you missed it. She will be there Wednesdays and Sundays. Big brother
having a good roadie??
nd im here not knowing whos playing lol smh (im like so not american) lol
Also see Stanonis, Creating the Big Easy for '20s-'30s. Guessing you have that one too.
"Now That's What I Call Music, Vol. 42." Really?
tell Juan I said what's up!! I sent u some tracks to work on!
I feel like the world is just in one big slump right now. :(
RT : Q0) We begin w/ the weekly #lrnchat welcome: Introduce yourself. Where are you from? What have you learned this week?
I agree with you. Ohio State won't get nailed but they'll get some form of punishment.
Batum says "NOT IN OUR HOUSE"
COME TO THE WILSON GAME, WE'RE PLAYING CLEVELAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Zissou Society night.
hey, I been online for most of the time..
bring me one!
Happy New Year to you all!
I still do love you,
Ugh chunky meat lol...well let me know when u want me to get it.
If her favorite type of music is that ish from disney channel
Your #passportdc trip sounds like an amazing event. Would love to go to something like that.
I know. :) Look fed 2 mon post and future brain picking.
on it. Something tells me clicking the info button will catch me up on the first 49 minutes.
the superfans will be at Miller Park today to bring home a W!
I know, huh? Miss you darling!
love you austin! im so proud of you<3333
Your a waste of my damn time
I eat way to much.
The tea party is not in power right now, failure of leadership got us here
been great actually just workitty work workin staying focused. I'm tryna make it to #Disneyland this year LOL :)
I just remembered the carnival is tomorrow. Dang, I forgot!
hey thx for the RT! Sorry I didn't get back w u Thur. Wanna get a call in tues or Wed to figure out next steps?
College completely transformed my life. It changed what I believe and what I think about everything. I majored in philosophy.
Anybody got email from Jayson Sparks about IE Job?It's a scam: www.ivetriedthat.com/2010/10/19/beware-of-Jayson-sparks-And-the-nsec
I want more Betty!
that's awesome! i'm glad you do.
Well I wil see your stupid and raise you llamas!
Most striking thing: the now-clean, now-bare blocks are total blank slates—in big patches not a trace of the former neighborhood remains.
thanks for meeting up for coffee. I look forward to lots of good Hennepin-Minneapolis collaboration and sharing!
I want the new blackberry
Hate when I don't remember where I parked last night
Gladys Knight, Pattie Labelle, and Bootsie Collins are all trending at once. What great show am I missing?
your right. So sad
#ThoughtsWhileRunning bad bitch right next to me....let me crank it up to 7.5
Are you gonna suck some tonight?
Happy Monday Oakland!
Our pleasure!
good morning have a great one
Sometimes, you just need to be mature. Other times, you need heavy machinery to do extensive damage to stupid people.
Is it cool that I've become re-addicted to resident evil nemesis on playstation 1?
Want a #naturist special vacation $100 per night visit us
my sis betta let my neice come here or its gon b a
with w.
Small eventual red card decision in Newcastle v. City...
here we go with the AXE
Absolutely. Great slide licks. I think they belong on the alt.country staion on
If u see a girl in a purple zip dress, with bangs, please wake her up and carry her home! The girl is me CTHU!
Sabino cracked that Gator nicely. I enjoy a smash mouth hit like that dished out by a Buckeye.
RT: 'I'm in such better shape than my 2 month old baby. He can barely hold his head up. Pathetic.' HAHAHAHA
u dont know me so shut the hell up
Have a great trip and a great time in Hollywood land :))) I am involved in a tournament at Santa Anita this week, no beach for me
Birchcrest's own Jorge Obando, Brian Krawczyk, and Jeremy Passinault were overall top performers in the NY State Tree Climbing Championship.
Idiotic rule Education/monitoring better than ban RT U Miami new policy bars fball players talking w/ agents end of eligibility
Honey Apple Cinnamon Granola is almost gone! Hurry in to get some! Or try some Almond Joy Ice Cream. It's a great day for a sweet treat!
Happy Mothers Day!!!
Thanks for following, wow, you have some great tweets, really interesting as we educate Homeland Security students, will use lot
"stgactor: How To Be A Gentlemen is effectively cancelled. CBS demotes it to Saturdays and closes production."
Your clothes can talk? That's amazing!! RT My clothes said they would be delivered today...so where the hell is it!?
Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance or my kindness for weakness.
LOL with pleasure!
I believe you're meeting with Ed, Caroline & Michelle-- but hopefully I'll hear all about it! I'm sure it will be interesting!
Is this another Ugandan war lord we have to stop by tweeting? It's not too late for me to call in sick. My real work is here.
Very nice.
Good day:)
Skipping gym to go get mcdonalds >>
Stay gold ponyboy.. stay gold..
go break a leg! #goodluck at your #audition!
haha Rondo is aggressive - ooooohhhhh shot ! you dont have to say that just because I love to hear it haha
you rock! Sent a great performer named Phil Lee your way btw.
is my
Haha I've caught myself doing that before too. I think they hope you can help them instead.
Wish I could fast forward to the parts in life where I want to be.
its so boring ;c
Teacher: why are you late? Student: because class started before I got here.
The #Heat are looking pretty solid!
Going to Dogfest in Sun Prairie today. Beautiful day for it. Finally will find out how fast Desmond is.
I was in #Austin TX last week. Saw the #car2go fleet of smart cars being used very effectively there.
Tempting... Veeeerryy tempting... Okay so I'm gonna put it on
Agnes been mad hype for the past 3 hours..keeping me from my damn nap -___-
Cross dressing cooking show vies for $10K prize
We all can workout together. Because I need to start working out too. :D
Sounds... Who knew?
thank you! <3
I agree.I don't care who it offends.I pay my taxes.I'll take #JazzFest discount over recycling,which we haven't had since 2005
My life is so awesome. I know, every day, that I am truly blessed.
Yay! I'm not the oldest person at PodCamp:Nashville.
what u know about Croatia..Do u ever coming in Croatia and Bosnia ???..pleasee come here in Bosnia or Croatia :)) #muchlove :)
imitation is the best flattery, but he'll never be you.
New York–based designer Eugenia Kim is partnering with Target to create a new collection of sassy hats inspired by Havana.
don't forget the big ass shoes ok
Model Victoria Silvstedt Rocks White Bikini (PHOTOS) The stars are flocking to Miami! Swedish model Victoria Silvstedt was spotted soakin
Seton Hall Fans come join us at for the best food/drinks in the area...Draft beers $4 & $5 & Bud Light buckets 5 for $15
starting to piss me off. Getting out hustled and out worked. #PacersPlayoffs fellas...time to get alittle nasty!
Join us tonight in the Fedora Room for dinner, drinks and jazz at 8pm First & Hope Supper Club
i sweat too much
This little girl- "If he likes you, he will try.. Girls shouldn't have to do all the talking 'first' you know? Boys...." Shes like 7?
don't criticize what you don't understand ❤
I thought the same thing. Gross. I'm sure the bags would fall apart in the wash, I"m just buying new ones.
In the know: Last year German Finance Minister Schaeuble called Bernanke "clueless". Now he says Geithner's Europe plan is a "stupid idea".
pray hard my dia
Good luck with the Film from NYC
Luke Bryan<3
I really want a puppy!! My little companion aww lol
Fires continue to burn and damage Possum Kingdom
awesome! thanks for the info.
Never automatic replies :) We'd be more than happy to touch base w/ the promoter for you. However we require some order info :)
Just a reminder to all our extras that the meeting time is now 4:30PM today. See you all at the park!
I love your videos on youtube
"My next review is for Tasc Performance! Tasc Performance is a great company that sells a variety of men and women's fitness apparel...
What is the best Christmas gift you have gotten from a business partner?
I'd buy it for all four of my nephews. Yes!
#tsdday Love the team!
I could really go for some Mozzarella Sticks from , they are AMAZING! Best post #Brewers game snack
the singer hates jambands, the rest of the band loves them
Clash of #TechTitans in SF court this week - #Larry (Ellison) v Larry (Page) - #Oracle v #Google - #mobile domination on the line.
Einhorn stock picks at conference fail to wow
''Hey,I saw this hot ass girl yesterday,she had brown short hair,blue eyes & sang like an angel''*shows pictureDude,thats Justin Bieber...
Just saw in Natural Pet Awakenings magazine online issue then twitter suggested I follow you... small online world!
oh no!! I hope he feels better that really sucks
ahh I'm so jealous!
hey crystal whats up!
why is he always on my mind now? >.< go away
are you ready for the Matinee and A Star in the Sky? More info coming soon
Well same here too
Damn man, I'm not gone get this work in by the end of they day :-/
Can of Worms was a terrible show, nothing to do with the host Dicko. Stick to doing what you know best
thx JJK! Excited abt seeing lots of new areas & properties I haven't visited before. Thx for the b'day email as well.
such great news! The people on a certain side of Chicago, cough, cough.. Are how do you say it nicely, snobbishly mean? Ha.
How about everyone be quiet about shabazz and nerlens... They are 18 year old kids... Could u predict the decisions of any 18 year old?
TSC time now! :D
how tall are you? I'd never noticed before but maybe Aubrey is just short like me haha. Promise not a crazy stalker question :)
Bring on the take home exam 😊
Thanks so much! My friends mom got me the cake from Sweetsistersbaking.com.. They are amazing and taste delicious! :)
Thanks Megan, it was and is still such a great team effort with so many people and communities stepping up!
didn't think so.
Yes, I AM lurking on your ish. Yes, I AM tripping on some ole funky ish. What?! I told you I was f$% &Ing nuts!
thank you for your support and RT!
You need to be shopping for a special dress....... Still so happy for you.
i bet is laughing and smiling like a little baby looking at the trends
Working on a cover of Joni's "California"! What else should I cover? Best response wins (I'll actually do cover- minimum 5 responses)
Massie is a strong possibility - too bad about Mercilus
lmao! oh snap! you can dance huh?
Whoa, you went full name on my ass, I'm having flashbacks to when I was 16 and my parents found tequila in my room.
U Know U A Hoe When you come on the maury show 3 different times about the same baby
Thanks guys :)
I like Ryo Ishikawa. Too bad he is having such a terrible #Masters. He won't be making the cut. :(
If anyone would like to have the gift card, send me a DM. Thanks!
what's the zip again
great. U've jinxed us.
I give up. I'm cutting my toe off in 3....2....1
what do you think Obama will do after the presidency?
Way to stay classy DRW! Until next season.....
Dark Shadows is what happens when a couple of rich dudes get high and film themselves playing dress up.
NEW YORK NEW YORK NEW YORK
Thank u ! U can be part of a movie that will bring clean water to Haiti.Join us! Every $ counts! give.lasourcemovie.com
free book to those abroad.historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z.
How's everyone doing?
"They" dont want you to know, they dont want to even think that you do know, but I already know!
lol you love me.
Sat on a panel with Mark Hugo Lopez today and he talked briefly about your wealth study. Such important work.
Tonight will be in charge of the madness
My back is killing me.
co-sign.....RT : #peoplechat A1: The alternative is hiring an EE who never develops? Pass.
" isn't a racist he is just a white guy that enjoys making fun of black people...wait never mind"
heyy. I have a sore throat:((
"Bitch, get the fuck up out my circle"
Any model in Chicago want to do a two outfit shoot on Thursday for a discount of $150.00? Contact me!!
Did you get what you wanted for Father's Day? Stop in and pick up what you really need...power tools!
omg.. here we go. I didn't say I didn't believe you!? I said I dont give a fuck about it anymore!
Though I know my parents will call at 10 am and ruin everything
These storms are like a woman in a shoe store. Confused, loud, and fun to watch!
I hate #school ! I find it pointless to start so early if half the student body is practically asleep in first hour....
Follow me on Twitter
Thinking about a Local DJ Battle this summer what you think
Then Mr. Lincoln intervened and grabbed my hands. "Don't shoot him, Hill!" he admonished. "Don't you know him?"
You go in the cage, cage goes in the water. Shark in the water. Our Shark..."
The series finale to #DesperateHousewives about to start! Goodbye Girls! :(
Ha :-) that's awsome the barn cat just brought me a mouse and meowed @ me, as if to say look what I got!
Art Drinks is tomorrow at Maya from 5:30-7:30pm! Stop by, try an off-the-menu drink, and enter our raffle to win art, concert tix, & more!
If I don't want may flowers can I skip the april showers?
"It is the best people in life who suffer the most." RIP Junior Seau
Awesome...I feel like disappearing.
I don't know what you're talking about...I'm hack-proof ;)
WRONG. Original MTB had no involvement w/Diddy. It was the corrupt manager of BSB & NSync. Diddy did the MTV one
thank you for sharing!
Jasmine Blueberry tea to keep me warm and awake. The awake part isn't working.
petition signed!
Come out to the Sigma Chi House for our cook out supporting Huntsman's Cancer Institute!!!
working with some excellent ruby on rails candidates and consultants! let me know if you organization has a need!
Back to back nights at #Apex. Might be time to dial it down a notch or two.
James Franco is so hot
ugh i love this pic! You're such a gem
#FollowFriday - We need at least 200 followers for this new Twitter page. Can you help out? Please follow
oh no! Devon isn't a really big town is it?
what Shelly is up? It must be a full moon tonight lol
Yes - the sun is shining & it's making the photos turn out great - but not the same w/o your team! cc'
my birthday april 15
In need of a girl scout to make a cookie delivery to the offices STAT.
I told #oomf to put his fucking hand down. I'm sick of hearing this teacher talk.
I'm going to have to throw on some makeup and take a pic before he leaves for the day! Rainy weather isn't helping hair!
I updated my Windows XP Professional certification.
Jk, i don't like that word :(
"You're Meta House's proof of performance, or POP as we say in TV." - Bob Moore, morning emcee, to the audience (and to YOU!)
Happy birthday to my baby sister !!! She's growing up way to fast!! xx
nice work! How about some weights & times?
"Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating."...
any tips on how to get into modeling or acting
Omgah I forgot about that! I love every single AMC show, mmkay I'm coming over this week & were gonna watch it k? Any nite but tue.
Ugh. Why do I bother watching the #RedSox?
No, don't say that! I was just at the Pacific :)
I willh miss u my red headed girl(angela werner) love u mamas
The person we think it is sounds British. So I can only hope :(
It's like I really want you, bad.
looking forward to next week's session!
Dreams are real and all you have to do is just believe.
omfg the helium video i legit watched it 25 times(:
at the #sxswstory panel!
I've know a lot of sociopaths and one full-blown psychopath that actually killed people. But to get that story you have to buy me a drink.
these next 5 days are going to be horrible omg i don't want to wait
Demoing the last songs for our new record!
How come nobody throws a kanipshin anymore?
To K-town tomorrow. parkside
Awesome collection, congratulations! I'm looking forward to seeing the scans (and bib records!).
You know those annoying little pop-up boxes that say "Click Here!" ... Don't do it
forrreaal though. ah. lol shad tournament for me this weekend..(:
James has zero help. No one on that team besides him is doing a thing. Even Wade.
IT'S A TARP!
- is your ci auth library acting up again?
I'm pretty sure is jumping off the walls excited that he's back on the Gold Coast :)
coming on in 5
Moneyball? Totally average. I think it's Brad Pitt you love.
LOVES TAKING MY PHONE IN MATH
It worked for !
All new White Whale employees should please be aware of the president's occasional overuse of profanity in the company chatroom.
“: 'preciate the follow! really feeling the track "wonderful"!”thxs I 'preciate it :)
Teddy grams!
its funny how they use jingles and music and even songs on the radio to give you a nudge .".remember me?"lol and u doRemembr
Saw a woman wearing elbow-length rubber gloves smoking through a vintage cigarette holder.
Nothing ever turns out the way you want it to
That is amazing! Thanks for sharing :)
i'm a flag pole right now!! Lol
pigskin's choice of Beastie Boys songs.
I'm not judging, just stating my opinion - that Scott's a coward. Not like it's my fault he's one.
Jen Cole: "My father loved dinner theatre!"
I want to see titanic 3D
When them 14 yr olds grow up n bout 2 yrs they will realize how much of there time u wasted snatch her wig!
studying European! That's great! Lol! You were awesome on Kimmel!
The great successful men of the world have used their imagination...they think ahead and create their mental picture in all it d
Left the auto show and got 2 red bull vodkas at the hyatt, $12.75 a drink!! What a buzz kill!
Check out in ! Mentioned in the Weekend Pass Section!!!
Hope to see all of our friends from this Sunday ctr for Playdate w/ the UC Bearcats!
Aw.. I remember those days! It was so hard to get sleep!!! God bless you! Hang in there! :)
you are very welcome
can you email me back please?
lmao! Well.. it says a lot.
Floating down stream
If anyone needs me today, I'll be passed out in the backyard.
haha if eat the whole container you'd probably die :0
RT : Great ideas here! Hope y'all had fun! #SWFL #nightcap ;) Yup
Rachel gets drunk fast
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competit...
we think you are the Bee's Knee's! Midnight in Wilmington is going to be a humdinger of a good time!
These frickin high sticks!
get a puppy. They never quit tryin to cuddle with you.
Peeps! are we meeting at noon to storm RTM for lunch?
Great day yesterday at Converge21 USA.
diaw's raw
There's way too much sugar hanging around in my house right now.
I was always a dreamer, in childhood especially
The doc party always priceless.
why is it Dickie never lets us get together?
Felt the #earthquake from the 4th floor of my Ohio office building. Floor moved, blinds rocked. Co-workers mocked those of us who felt it!
“: My abs hurt when I laugh/move. I ain't even mad. #wentHAM” #same ! Sucks.. Hah
Did you ever wish your iPad was as easy to hold as a painter's palette? Well now it is!
Hey keep a close eye on AllieBay1 for me. Will ya?
you should let me love you, Let me be the one to, give you everything you want and need 😘
No tennis, no homework, probably indoors for band.
Thanks for the RT!
We accomplished so much today and we are genuinely excited about it!
strange sightings at The Olde Blarney Stone
I'm just about to put myself back n skool n do what's best for me n stop worrying so much about others
RT : RT : May 8 #Sentiment Symposium sponsors: RAGE Frameworks
Want to know more about how Laura Fredricks utilizes the ASK with leaders & volunteers? Her session begins at 8am in room 212-213.
So, of all the receipts Mayor Davis turned in to the MS Auditor's Office $18,000 was for alcohol.
One freaking direction. <3
Yesterday's chapter meeting with screenwriter Shireen Razack was so interesting. Thanks Shireen! Next meeting: April 7th
Cats by 6.
I need motivation and focus. Please send some my way!
My mind is always more adventurist than my body.
Seeing hot potato& thinking of Niall.. yep. #ItsADirectionerThing (;
I got this awesome CHI Deep Brilliance dryer on Amazon. Do it! Made for curly but great on my waves.
3D WAS THE REASON WE WENT TO THE ARCADE AS KIDS AND FLIRTED WITH VIRTUAL REALITY... COMPLETE SUBMERGENCE IN ANOTHER WORLD.
"A brilliant future lies ahead that is ours for the creating" Chief Scientist Waleed Abdalati Happy #EarthDay!
Poolside in #Cleveland- needs to be apart of my summer routine- daily
Today I teach (tutor) reading. It is a bug you catch. But how to get the little ones hooked or older ones. With Math, Reading is key today.
Here's to you healing up quickly in 2012!!!
Michele Bachman is on fire tonight. She is the most presidential women on the platform so far in America!
we met years ago. Had dinner a few time downtown Summit NJ with your dad. You need to see our program. Connect
You're not Stan if you don't like 8 Mile. :B , you're awesome !
Cake cake cake cake
#iWishThat I could move my start date up from January 13th to NOW then I would be out of Ohio!
Haha, before clicking the link I was going to say "Checkout "
Hopefully I have a great night, but my body is so tired. Im out
RT : During 2011, 85% of Littles in our program maintained or improved their educational expectations.
she sold her soul.
Thanks so much for the RT! I appreciate your help. :)
I doubt the Cubs have the lead after this inning
friday n thanks
I'm done all these #stupidass tweets have me hungry.
I love the gorgeous men and women on these Spanish Soaps!!!! Aye aye aye!!!
I decided that Summer will be dedicated to spending time with my old HS friends. I miss those guys like crazy! Need to make up for lost time
Submit your favorite photo for a chance to be featured on the cover photo of new timeline. Remember it is FB, so it needs to be SFW!
Learn the secrets of a master pumpkin craver at 9 AM in the Cooking demo area.
Ty Hobson-Powell is the youngest graduate from the University of Baltimore at age 15, and is now enrolled in law school:...
M, sounds like a variation of my breakfast. BTW have a wonderful weekend!
I've done plenty of "field work" at Whole Foods over the years myself
Lord give me the strength to not beat the crap out of my brother.
Lmao i was just listening to that
Sometimes there's misrepresentation in professions because individuals don't have the support to believe they can be in them.
Its funny how someone could selfishly reflect their anger on me about me not being there...when literally Ive been dolo for years!
Wants a cupcake!
Which "other side of 40"?
Hey Buddy! Send me a tweet once travel is done for the day or at least after you've had your 1st Singapore Sling
;) sounds awesome !! Hope to see you soon !! Enjoy the boys !! They are fabulous lol
In case you think that some day it's going to happen, some day it probably will occur.
Follow my tweets is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating :*
wish i had REAL female friends i could trust..
Ohh noo. Your back in germany. Crazy. Hows the weather?
Happy Friday Everyone! Is anyone going to see The Avengers???
later this is getting weird
so much shit goin on. whoa...time to stay focused and get these opportunities that were just presented to me!
Need you guys prayers tonight. Imma let a bitch have it tonight at work. Not in the mood for any shit
Got a terrific joke about an enterprising furniture salesman and confused gastroenterologist who walk into a bar
#PrayForJapan please everyone.
I can't.
Palomar is one of two card clubs in San Diego. A city moratorium would effectively shut it down if its licenses aren't renewed.
jZell Music is an up and coming Indie label soon to be recognized out of Ft. Myers
no ma'am it came out of The Oldest Book in the Worl: " The Teachings of the Ptahhotep" written 2575 BCE-2551 BCE
As to the Monday complaints, I agree! So good to see aaron throw a couple TDs last night, and so many of our guys playing--is it fall yet?
is such a good friend for paying for all my car washes...
Good suggestion, Mike! We should do lunch again. I just need to get past the bulk of this project, first. :-/
if you still need a photographer like we talked about let me know!!
Why is "Light Skinned" trending? Society's got black people so brain washed LOL smdh
not once, but twice.
Is it too much to ask that I be able to drag and drop on an iPad? I thought everything was supposed to be easier? #appleganda victim
Very cute
If I gave you 1million$ every day since the birth of Christ, it still would not equal ½ of Obama’s deficit spending this year?
did someone slip something in your drink?
PLEASEPLEASEPLEASEPLEASE follow me!:D
I love that my co-worker signed her e-mail with "Happy World Kidney Day!" today.
hahaha shut up maybe it's not just the allergies ;) I'LL FIX IT OK
Indeed. Best wishes...and have fun after!
Miami sounds really good right now lol RT : thanx I hope so, some 80 degree weather may help to.....Miami? Lol
I am more worried about shop rot from not driving it. Hoses going bad, wires getting dry rot, bad gas ect.
Campbells Soup C&D'd me awhile back. I'll come up with something even better when I have some spare time.
It's a magical leopluradon
This week in #thehumanevent, a brilliant genealogy for all the burning girls who once yelled "fire!": Panic Diaries cc:
Takin the fam to disney on ice - front row, hope they like it!
Ellie (my 3 yr old) on the recap of : "Oh not again!!"
If you have a twitpic of you sticking your butt or boobs out, I probably hate you.
Both of you are. There. It's settled. You're welcome,
Thank for the RT!
We about to hybridize our P-orbitals.
New excuse for all slowness and failings: "pack of wild dogs."
thanks to you at for allow two brackets...only one has Mizzou as champs...
I would like to state for the record that I think is absolutely beautiful.
RT : Getting people out to vote no on #issue2! :-)
nicely put.
as soon as the foul was called there was never a doubt. Had to be Quis
Ever wonder where the phrase "wet your whistle" comes from? Several centuries ago, pub goers ordered their brews by whistling!
I wish had a choice/button to have them stop recommending someone I know I would never follow.
Growing my hair out is becoming really annoying. I want to get it longer but I don't.. I think ill cut it off soon.
Thanks bro! About to bounce some beats your way.
Yes with 13,000 people, AERA generally takes over any city upon which it descends. Books multiple hotels a year in advance.
Thanks so much! M, you reminded me I should have bacon today... :) RT : happy birthday!
If we are not supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
Its really annoying that my feet don't touch the ground when I'm sitting in most chairs.
#Women do 2/3 of the world's work but earns only 10% of its income. Women produce 1/2 of the #worlds food but owns only 1% of the land
Anyone live in the miami area
Good Morning World!! (@ work still mad @ Red Box 4 givin me Dave Chapell movie instead of Kevin Hart) smh waist of $1.30
Going to Bowling Green, KY for a few days. Food & fun suggestions?
Was in the mood to go c Battleship, but than realize I have a free pass to go on Tuesday, but am up for a movie now. Gotta go eat something
Flynt made clue
Couldn't be a better day to grab a book and head to the park! What will you be reading?
That sentiment has kept me going, both as mother and writer, many a dim day since. She's 23 now, an avid & grateful reader still.
I am on the craziest bus ever. Ever.
Some people don't change, they just learn to lie better.
you need one xoxo:)
. Not sure if you knew, but, 'Honey Badger' is one of Patty's nicknames for our son. Sometimes he just doesn't care!
Damn it just had to rain.
"Still talking about it" as in, your teammates came here and asked first.
I hope you feel better I cant imagine if something like that would happen to me please feel better and take your time in ...
Keep it simple, just Believe, just Act, just Forgive, but Most of all, just Love!!
I already got my tix for the 8th!
Time to roll over get up n get out
I miss you" doesn't always mean "I want you back lil shawty it jus mean I miss the good moments we had back in tha day tho
#Culture is the widening of the mind and of the spirit. - Jawaharlal Nehru Indian Prime Minister
that sounds delicious
happy birthday to my ultimate favorite latina selena :D RIP
LOL, good advice unfortunately not possible. I will turn this into a fun adventure somehow.
Sure. What do you need?
hey friends! I like drinking too!
I may have add
Thanks. I'll check. I like Mulgrew. He can sound too traditional and safe for me sometimes but other times he blows me away!
In my opinion, #psych is a very underrated show
Everyone loves dance performances! So now we have one at fEASTival 2012. Thanks ! We're ready to see your girls shake it on stage!
Gosh. I'm so ready for tonight !
hey you are amazing :DD So lovely dog :DD Follow and retweet me please :DD
Is it possible to quit ur godparents & request & to take the vacated positions. They r adorable
So when is that new brew place opening on CalAve & Arlington? I could use it...right...now.
Whoa. Gorgeous couple.
WHAT a difference a 'show' makes! Had a good one, this AM. AND went in the numbers (demo)! Which is nice......
Going to the circus today!
WHAT SIZE SHOW DO YOU WEAR? LOL
Keep Haiti in your prayers.
Hey! My real name is Virginia:D
Distance means so little when someone means so much. ~KathleenTessaro
definitely check into Medi-Care and Medicaid (Medical if you live in California). They cover dialysis and transplant.
that's the funny thing, I was just walking into whole foods & tripped on the sidewalk. FML
...(best we ate in #pdx cont) Pianapple Smash Salsa by local Soog Head Foods sampled at Fresh-tasting jarred salsa? *Yes!*
will you be coming out with any more new music?
yea they probably hit u for spamin that link by mistake idk
Your advice is also applicable to college search process. What qualities, contributions, relationships make for a good fit. Thx!
I'm going to lose my mind<3(:
#League meeting highlights included Manny being possessed by King WencesLess, throat singing, & bartenders doing a slapping polka. Winning!
sounds great!
My little sister just asked me if Google+ was better than Facebook. I told her it was. You can thank me later, Google.
Sure, Easter morning before family lunch is a great time to make a first attempt at eclairs. Here's hoping.
Is there anything like good stress? Stress that we create which is beneficial to business/life?
if you don't know what your goal is, you'll never be able to define what's successful : )
Great photo thanks for sharing!
its okay I thought you hated me because Brea and I arent friends anymore
aw, poor pup.
at my grandmas. -___-
Playing with HTML5 Canvas. It's fun, and no setup needed!
watching y&r on dvr ...... And it's Tucker Time lol
New rule: If I hold the door open for you and you walk by without saying "Thanks", I am granted one attempt at trying to trip you.
Heather Joseph, illustrating the importance of considering disciplinary differences, brings up a slide with an XKCD cartoon. <3
Dats my baby, you know dats my baby right? lemme put yo legs to the moon.
": not at all bro I been slipping hard"// I just got tatted for the first time in about three months last week
Dining Halls lack food
hey, I heard theres an open bar
Mad? Never. U shouldve never messaged me the stupid shit. Bitch don't nobody want you. I'm so tired of the "I'm So Fly" attitude. Kick rocks
Going to the Moon was a unique military challenge which was accomplished by the USA to beat Russia. Mars cannot be compared
Thanks for your support Gordon!!
Happy Morning :D
i'm awake.
that he didnt go to columbia, or that he took a class on Marx.
Things are good, you?
My grades>
josh is always so emotional e.o
RT : Whenever I write about teachers, inundated by thank you's from teachers who feel demoralized. This is a national tragedy.
Went through boxes of my dad's old beer glasses. So full of amazing.
Watching Real World Reunion!! Dam Hella Drama!!
Well, and you've got credible, genuine exposure as the library in a demographic that is hard to reach.
My grandma claims she can shit faster than anyone else in town
#csa12 Halberstam: Modernity is the capability to speak nonsense in the rhetoric of truth/science. It allows truth to only speak in one mode
sweet. Thank you! Well do.
Take up reading. Never a dull moment. And if there is, just start another book. It's a no fail option!
My belief is that the organizing session for #thatcamp is a rite of passage for all new THATCampers. Now you're in.
don't hate dwex
Hoes that don't put they face in the pic must be lite
A professional in preparing Turkish coffee is called a “kahveci”.
Cole Hamels: misunderstood defender of the greater Washington DC area softball leagues
#Milwaukee #wedding vendors: Tell us about your ideal client!
so proud of you!
it was good! Aha sucks I had to leave how was ur aunts?
I 2nd that the spirit of bob marley is always here!
Run your idea up the flagpole and see if anyone salutes it.
In hot,humid Singapore, heading to Jakarta to begin Asia tour mobilizing for the E21 Asia Congress Oct.25-28, 2011. www.e21asia.com
yeah I work a way lot now!!
almost forgot to ask, you have any flour nd oil?
When I type "list" on my itouch, it spellchecks as "Edna" Whhhaatt.
I've been transported into a deep ocean world of magnificent creatures-not my typical Florida snorkeling experience
this weekend im gonna drink my self silly #imSickofSTUFF !
I can't think of a better place to let a bunch of people know what's up in short order. Post away, we're here.
Baby + cloud cover + gender ambiguous captain voice + food preparation = weird flight.
Good day tweets! Big plans this evening. Hope everyone is good. Haxe a great weekend!
um, I'm staying away from that.
I don't want to disappoint you.
thanks barry, was away from computer all day so appreciate knowing blog post makes sense to others!
M... love having a glass of iced tea while in the studio. Most DJ's thrive on coffee. But I like my tea.
If you haven't heard Last One Standing by Hot Chelle Rae what are you doing with your life?
Vassar Brothers playing at Lovin Cup tonight? Yes!
You don't have a twitter unless you're following
Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.
I wish I knew how 2 speak french bonjour
Seeing lots of tweets today about when pitchers & catchers report for spring training. :) Almost here!
dude I need to see this
i turned 16 today, do you think i could get a birthday shout out? love you :)
Any obsessive stalkerish questions from my mom are
Thank you for sharing! Great resource.
Agreed! They get fed up too! RT : for some reason celebrities can't have views. It's the dumbest thing ever.
love !! Rotating taps and delicious chicken strips FTW.
Make sure you go out to Crown Center tomorrow to see the LEGO LSP replica, Graham Zusi and other SKC players! 5-6:30pm.
Congrats! New show Dreams, Visions & Realities airs Jan 22 w/ , Yidumduma Bill Harney 6pm PST
NL Central champs baby!
put my thang down flip it n reverse it
I cannot wait for this the new Muppets movie!!!
Calling all artists! Check out oaklandartspgh.org for art submission forms!
good afternoon katrina, happy wednesday to you
Gay teacher gay class! Ga dammit no type of excitement or to make this go by fast 😒
Think Last But Be Ahead 1st.
Boxing against the odds in pursuit of the next Manny Pacquiao
it was lovely meeting you at yesterday. I love what you guys do/have done.
yeah man I'm down for another track and would love a copy of the mix tape!!!
Wow, really cool keynote about 3D imaging on a chemical element level of fossils with medical extension to our ability to heal.
We're excited for the ladies Camilla Gibson tournament tomorrow! Couldn't ask for better fall weather!
ME NEITHER RT: I JUST CAN'T WAIT FOR EVERYONE TO HEAR TANDEM.
same here. look forward to viewing your recipes!
caught a cold and I have a wedding rehearsal tomorrow and a wedding on Saturday to perform...Whats the best thing to do to get rid of it.
I'm gonna buy myself some "Get Well Soon" crap.
Gonna go clean! (Because I have to)
I guess I never really loved you :( </3
Great minds....
It must be tough for Buster Posey being in the big leagues and going through puberty.
hope if they do, they'd be run on dedicated line 4 nut allergic people who react to other legumes :(
Perfect weather. Hello lake 🚤
oh HELL no. (why would I go there anyway if you're at home, silly) :p
When people constantly say "da" instead of "the"<<<<
Anyone else transfixed by that single perfectly errant falling snowflake on center stage? A brilliant accident.
Ayy I'm feeling the same way
Word indeed. We need a copy of your new 7" pretty fierce.
*Continues wlaking around impatiently and doesnt smile nor reply*
Good luck!
Somebody tell the #Bruins to come out of the locker room already!
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely. - Buddha
Aloha! Just enjoyed a great tour of Oahu! This is a beautiful Hawaiian island.
Gotta love free earbuds at the apple store...
Like the video dude- kinda reminds of this one by Pharcyde. Hit me up if you have some internship info.
Mac > windows ;
Q#49 Answer is D and Pop Quiz answer is C!
I apologize to all my followers who got the span dm from me.Think I am back in control of my account now.
RT Gil Walked into and Milton Nascimento is here hanging! #surprise He'll be playing tmrw // that is awesome!!
what a wickex weekend full of love and music friends food and sky lanternz :-)
Just heard of two #TV #PR jobs, one in NY and the other in DC. Let me know if you're interested.
Wish u were here !RT : Pretty sure I would rather be than sittin at work right now...
Here we go
Ryan won't be around when the Mariners contend. At best, platoon him with Seager at shortstop.
wait. They're closing?!
Well, I was just fine till I started reading condolences on my cousin's FB post of the news! I know I'll b emotional soon!!
#Bulls doing a great job of getting EVERYONE involved. I know it's early, but great sign. Watch out,
Searching for new artists bc RSG is about exposing *new* exciting talent. email to be considered for exhibition.
Vegas folks: I haven't been there forever -- does Holsum Lofts still have galleries? Anyone know which ones are there?
The most awesome feeling in the world working through hard, painful emotional stuff together & KNOWING youre gonna be okay
both you and overshot your arguments. 15tds last year. Every player is a system product
We're watching the weather maps, might be rain tonight, check back after 5pm and we'll let you know if tonight's ride is happening or not!
I'm trying very hard to get along with my mom like u said
no prob! Say, what are some of the ingredients you guys use that make your #brews truly unique to #Hawaii?
we should!
Didn't the House GOP learn their mistakes from the last debt-ceiling deal?
Facebooks new "Timeline" feature is looking in subscribers for life. Genious
I want Morgan Freeman to narrate my life.
the cult fuckin rocks!!!!!!!
Re-member: when the going gets tough, the tough… remember Why!
Mutual, my dear. How's you brother & what is the future for him?
#FF Support Film, Theatre, Music & Performing Arts in Jax
Correction. Replacement title can be ordered online ... after site crashes repeatedly. At least I don't have to go in.
Love the bpt option
I wouldn't mind being one of those writer, got a ton of songs that needs to be out there!
what the fuck did i ever do to you?
#shityoudontaskpaulie do u like Rihanna?
We attended world premiere of #21JumpStreet at SXSW! It was an AMAZING Movie! Congrats to Phil Chris & Go see it!
- my iPhone 3GS is ready for upg. Do I have to upg "in contract" to keep unlimited data deal?
sharing this. great work.
...The Gallery: Deconstruction, etc. Its just not fair! So hard to keep up!!
Man your Storage Wars joke is VERY FUNNY! Brilliant!
Hey folks, I'm not one to brag, but I'm at 999 followers right now. Who wants to be next?
You are very welcome!
come with,hoes. Pub crawls +lots of drinking w/ +4hotties all weekend
Thanks, Anne. Great to see you.
Hey and I think I need a shot of root B4 going to the gym with
So glad we still learn together!
Guess I wasn't thought about today either....
new songs coming soon, its whats up
I'm going to lose my sanity if I don't move out.
eldery customer fell & needed help in restroom. When asked for help staff looked puzzled & clueless. Recommend training on urgency.
Ah we nees to see wata good wit da BUN B joint lol..... We wood look good performing dat track wit him SAT. Lol.......
#OccupyDetroit and here comes the rain and wind.
just wanted to say hello and I miss and love you both!!! Ttyl
It is nice to be back home, I missed the cats and the computer.
#UKnowBetter than to mess with us Beliebers. JUST SAYING.
just had a heart attack!! just tweeted a reply to him. That was literally the happiest I've ever seen my hubs :D
WE PRODUCE TV COMMERCIALS MUSIC VIDEOS IMAGE PIECES WEBSITES 2 FIT YOUR BUDGET program to fit
#confessionnight I've been wanting I be blonde for a while now im just happy I can use my face team as a reason ;)
FABULOUS! This is a huge project and well overdue. Thanks for tackling what is a huge image issue for Baltimore.
"All points are starting points." -Hugh MacLeod
Feel special. And I'm not looking at another people because I like them do much...oh gosh help me I'm in love
turning around a negative customer service experience can often times convert someone in to a big fan
Yes. My dear friend Geoff King did a book of photos of activists (like me) at protests across the state, the day it passed.
What's up I'm bored
My day has been all about lines. Airport lines, Starbucks lines and car rental lines. Patience is being tested today.
would love to see more "walk pix" from you my dear
You sound like my ex.
Who's Walking in the Breast Cancer Walk in May, here in Milwaukee? We are!!! contact us for team shirts!!!!
armstrongcms.org sums up our (unsuccessful!) biz prop for Neighborlogs: 'a typical design customization will cost approximately $15,000'
Mahalo KF. See you & K next week! Aloha.
Hey, congrats! Go #altac! Go DH strategy!
ill be there by 10
Smashing headache! Drinking tons of water to kick it. I hate taking a medicine to relieve my pain.
Oh I just love how my mom and dad take care of my sister better when she's sick.
No, I haven't. Naughty? lol
Cheers - thanks! I like that it is really aimed at a true novice. and focuses on basic info. Nothing fancy
we are excited to be a part of your event tomorrow! Good luck to everyone participating! SPF's in your goodie bag. Be safe!
Selena Haters are never going to think about how amazing beautiful,awesome singer ............ She is ♥ ♥ ♥
General Assembly, the anti-bank protestors are pooling cash to start a bank account #huh?
Watching a Finnish film (who knew they had that technology?). I am actually attractive enough to be a movie star in Northern Europe.
Why the hell did somebody send me a picture of a used tampon..Anybody have a barfbag?
ok....I'm gonna shut it donw -- up early to cook...
Best game Ever In 12 hands won flush v top pair for 2k lost kk to qq for 1300 lost ak to aa to 88 for 550 then won 1600 w/ top set,
Words of wisdom from a university colleague: One may be forced to compete, but that doesn't mean one needs to act competitively.
Sweet Caroline! “: SWEET LONDON TOWN. SWEET PEACE. SWEET CALM DOWN. SWEET SOCIAL JUSTICE.SWEET JESUS.”
Hey, guess what? My blog might be ready to share with you all by the end of the day today! #excited Follow me , too!
What else can you say about a four hour meeting imploring you to work faster and smarter except, "There's four hours I'll never get back?"
The only people these young niggas have to look up to are skinny pants rappers
Thank u so much for helping me pass snow days here in Seattle with a broken DVD player. Your beautiful music on repeat <3.
My favorite breakfast place.
Haha going well, it's no Caribbean tho!!
Its 11:11 make a wish and say I hope you come true♥.
Standing O for Minimum Talbot almost made him cry...almost made me vomit.
Whoa watch out for his giraffiti
Who's going to Miss Michigan USA 2012?
Make it Nasty
I hate checking out of this place!!!
Having Generator problems with New Ocala's Gourmet Food Trailer still hoping for Grand Roll out party Armory 4/27/12
Thanks for the RT, Sarah, and tell I said *wave*
": Mountain West had as many picks as the Big East in the first round (2). #NFLdraft" Glad to be a Big 12 member.
For the second time today, I've turned on Earlier, it was for "Blood Diamond". Tonight, it's for "Troy". Man card getting revoked ?
This weather... -_-
Be sure to "Like" us on Facebook where you can see all of our pics and vids. Ohio Special Services Group.
GOODMORNING :) RT man i was still hitting that same number joey....smh!
Hard Time(:
Oh Anything with a good beat but right now I'm diggin dance/electro/techno. What about you?
I want a girlfriend but the thing is im shy. I really nest to get out from that stage.
Now that I have learned how to swim, I can't wait to get back in the waters.
Thanks for the tweet!
I noticed that too..."just a word". The apology isn't so sincere when you say it that way, hon.
When is this going to stop hurting?
LLS!!! My nap turned into sleep, I'm up now!
And the winner of our T-shirt contest is.SEDE LING! Congratulations! Check back often as we will be running this contest periodically
u should try monster its like ..... and i quote ...."Whoa" :p
Don't worry about it tho, lol ": pina! How dos you know?!?"
So... is leaving for Portland tomorrow to judge the US Barista Competition and attend SCAA conference.
Happy Birthday to my best friend! Who unfortunately doesn't have a twitter.
110% what was it this time?
About that - I cannot find those chips anywhere. Anywhere. Where do I get them?
Man Fuck !,what happen last year New Money,New Shitt 2012 poppin off
Shaking my god damn head right now. Wow
"if this is what it means to be bankrupt, sign me up!" -Tracy Braxton #braxtonfamilyvalues LOL wow
Anyone else think Googling 'thoughtful christmas gift ideas' is kind of funny?
Hahah probs a good idea. They are wicked.
Hope we can be a part of all of this!
OMG IMMA STEAL IT!
Experimenting with DubStep
Er... make that "will smell good."
What do you think is the biggest news story of the day? Tweet and we may write more about it AND give you a prize
hey man, love your site. you've got good taste !
Girl I will never want a home birth ever after watching that
Cheers to a phenomenal cabernet!
It's not Gerardo's fault that he looks like a child molester. His parents should've warned him abt the dangers of an elaborate mustache.
Way to tough it out down the stretch. Made every ft when it counted.
Latino Film Festival opens this thurs. and Mexican actor Jorge Salinas will be presenting the film GB Magazine featured La Otra Familia.
Summer classes are in full swing & I've got 2 solid classes that'd love to take your student's surveys!
"Game Change," the book, reminds us that this year's GOP clown show is not unprecedented. And that Sarah Palin was only part of the story.
Take me away!!..
Why Less is More: Converting your paper docs to digital allows instant access to docs stored on your computer. Less Paper = More Efficiency
Great walk on Snake Creek American Coots have established a small colony despite the Muscovy ducks Great Whit Egret has returned to my lake
Ok LeBron you won another MVP award but when are you gonna live up to it and actually get a ring?? just wondering
No?! Guys,i go to Paris ! Tonight ! My parents make me a surprise ! And,i make you a surprise.
Good. That rock & roll is good for the soul. :) Will you believe me if I say that project is back on the radar? Email me!
Shout out to everyone that came out to Hai last night. Draft, Free Drinks, and a girl fight? I'd say it was a success.
Does it have anything to do with your pants? No, don't tell me.
Ordering Sunday night Chinese in Marblehead. Love family traditions!
Re: 4/10 article. I'd call myself a mid-morning person! is a great site for mixes of top 40 hits!
on the limits of the album: materiality and tactility lost in digitized archive, copies of copies reproduced many times over
thanks for checking because I thought CCLS didnt exist on a Saturday.
Joined twitter, but doesn't feel right when it comes to seeking followers.
back-ish! i'll still be in and out for a while. but thanks girl! missed you to :)))
He was literally the dumbest fucking kid on the planet RT : Cracking up at how salty is right now!!!! 😂😂😂😂
You need to climb a mountain.....I'm just saying.
heyy colin!! Did you ever get my friend 's fanmail she sent you!??;)
So excited for tomorrow! Who's going? and I will be there
Lived there early years, then my Dads company was based in Milwaukee, raised there! But my parents kept a beach home! Fun!
there is no chance! She's the most attractive woman alive, stop being so selfish!
Are you planning a summer vacation this year? Follow they have some great reviews of places to go.
lol sorry next week is when I'm going to Cali on Friday I'm leaving and Tonys coming with us maybe the week after that ?lol 
crappy mood:/
trying to put together a short bio that includes how i use web 2.0 apps in daily life
is rockin the new digs at work today, guess Imma have to step it up on the work gear.
speaking at the CUNY Grad Center on a "new networked ecology of scholarly communication"
God damnit, you are so fucking annoying. Just shut the fuck the up.
Awww :) you're a great father though
Oh woa! I didn't even see Heechul go into the audience!
=) YOU ARE THE BEST CLOSER EVER! THE FANS LOVE YA BACK!
"Without community there is no morality. The tears of a stranger are only water". Old Russian Proverb. Thanks, Magnum.
Now, the way of many. Collective ideation. Ideas are networks. Not just single incidents, more a long network of associations.
Anybody got an opinion on EventBrite?
Only 10am and its already been a FULL morning!!! Tonight performing w/the "Mambo King" at WESTGATE! Booyah!
Will Gluck is hilarious w/ his 600 people are responsible for the Internet comment.
I'm not sure if I'm playing this Pinterest game right, you just click on stuff you like? Then what...
I could really use one of your hugs right now. :'( </3
Finished my paper.. zero sleep and now going to school. Today will be interesting.
#Vegas book your NYE VIP tables now, prices are only going up! Contact me for more info 4135300621
hey can u plzz tell me how to give bak wallpaper it will be really thank full for u plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz tell me thnaks ;D
Likewise, alas.
Horizon metatrend 4: the world is increasingly collaborative. Do museum educators agree? How's that collaboration w/ your colleagues going?
Great to be following you now Aaron.
I came up with a motto for summer. Instead of gym, tan, laundry. We will swim, tan, drink. Yes, STD. STD SUMMER 2012.
To the bitch behind me, shut the fuck up. Your voice is annoying as hell.
only one problem.....they're not fat bastards with fast food dripping out of their mouths
only 1 O`ahu team remains in the championship bracket for Division 1 #HHSAA cc:
I think the most generic definition you can give OO is "prefers nouns over verbs to describe the world"
OMFG, thanks! now i'm gonna have to boil my brain in listerine to get *that* image out...
Ha! Maybe? The cat is MUCH cuter than my phone, but I'm a little disappointed that I can't keep track of both of them at once.
It's fascinating reading, but many of the journal articles are quite old (1920s-60s). Still, I love reading about old customs.
Better than drafting a scrub from a tiny program.
I hate the snow..I need to move to Maui
I would send it if I thought it would survive long enough to get home with me, and then packed up, and then sent to you.
I read "Dan Porter" as "Don Draper" and I was like, how can have already seen tonight's episode? and WHAT?
“: It's official: #Cavs have won tiebreakers with New Orleans and Indiana. They're slotted 3rd and 24th entering NBA lottery”
Valentine's Day Drinks for Kids These Valentine's Day drinks are as fun to make with the kids as they are to drink. And the recipes inclu
when you see an interesting picture, but don't write it down, and then you can't find it later when you need it.
My favorite Shiraz and listening to Mambo Express
I had this weird dream last night that Baylor beat OU.....oh wait
TOTALLY fell off the wagon, and hit the ground HARD....
When my mom sings it sounds like a dying cat and makes me wanna hit her in the face
Tell him we said hello
thanks for the RT!
We are excited to have the Women’s Chamber of Commerce of Miami-Dade County as one of our partners at the Women’s Success Summit V....
imo, there are plenty of folk across (and outside) #pubmedia system that would hack on stuff; just need to see demand, use cases
Good night moon. Maybe tomorrow ill be less of a spaz.
why y'all conversatin bout me?
Aw Man , He CANT Be Serious , I Aint Trippn Lol.
i cant sleep!
Answer everyones call because you never know if that was they're last phone call. #alwaysthink.(:
Rose Bowl at the bar, being the only one laughing at commercials was a pleasant reminder of how little commercial TV I have been watching.
i am
I got 2 hours of sleep last night..
Seriously, ! I despise it when restaurants do that... why bother with reservations!?!
Thanks for answering I'm a huge fan
#arod #texiera glad to c the boys earning their $50m per year. 1 for 21
I named my son after you can I please get a retweet??
MIND BLOWN WILL!!!
My early thoughts on new iPad. The display makes the most difference for maps, Kindle and other text. Will need to add more pretty pictures.
I Shine I Stunt I Can NE B**** I Want~~~
You know at this dream concert even if you were on the floor your still pretty far from the stage.
i rather sleep in your arms then alone
#DearFollowers Ya'll are the best and ya'll are so nice and sweet! (:
Love like Honey
Woolard: Most economists don't agree. Read email from Economics professor.
Our President, Dr. Lezli Baskerville would like to speak to you about a speaking engagement. What is a good email address for you?
How big was it?
Don't forget to check out #hollywoodshow this weekend! All of the kids from #SoundOfMusic will be there! Get your autographs this weekend!!
check your dm
I tried to follow you, but it says forbidden. nice.
are you comn back to us
It's amazing what God can do when you simply-Trust In Him:) #I'mAWitness
Lame, not cool. Basketball Saturday though, definitely.
& these Daumn group messages!
yours is actually italian anyway, not american
Pump the kid for information, then pump a bullet in his head. There's no time for hand holding politics in a zombie apocalypse.
Congrats to for winning the first ever James Beard Best Bar Program award. Hope to make it to NYC soon o see you guys!
Chef Uchi Davidzon visits the countries, peoples and flavors of Latin America.
I appreciate ur sarcasm by the way
Ahaha that's pretty awesome that they were playing it, though! I always fangirl when I hear your songs.
She got out of the cage again. My sisters hamsters a fucking genius. Da fuck.
You're welcome Melanie! Have a gr8 day! :-)
