They Pick up your PC Up, charges $29 per hour, (1st hr free), Can they just lie to you and say it's taking a while? Dont Trust Hourly Rates
Tell me the "Mr. Rager" music video from KID CUDI wasn't inspired by the main fight sequence in the Korean revenge flick OLD BOY.
The fact that no one needs me in their life makes me feel like crap.
You did a wonderful job representing all those how participate in #missamerica. Great things are in store for you!
It’s a good day.... to eat more chickin.
Heading to
aren't they?
Queen never get upset. When they are sad, they're just someone to be executed.
there was a song that was played on XMU that was decent. i guess it's just not my thing.
Just got back from intv w/ travel agent, great deals for memorial day wknd/ early summer/ need intv for 10/any takers?
oh yeah! two hour delay!
thx for giving props to in trophy picks. Amid all the injury stories for Pens his return to dominance gets lost.
When a size 0 model is called 'curvy' you know the fashion monster has gone too far.
attending the webinar on Measuring Social Media Success. Lots of good stuff.
I have many new amigos... gracias! gracias! I feel loved.
What do I watch, Signs or Red Dragon?
Wait! Are we still talking about the Queen Latifah/Dolly Parton movie?
All you teabaggers were right about the "liberal media". NPR just referred to Guns n' Roses as a "hair metal" band.
pretty sure those were IBUPROFEN I just took. Not sure though
this is so hilarious...I mean honestly what whack job is managing this debauchery?
Whos excited for this "surprise" Vinny is preparing for us?:D sounds big!! definitely watching his ustream tonight!!~RebeccaFusco
happy father's day, dad!
Thank you for the retweet !
As much as i want it to happen but it probably won't I'd love to see Kobe vs Lebron! But with our shot defense we would get smacked
Spring has sprung and Summer is on the way. Book your tour with Go Trek USA today!
ready for tweet train round 2 glad to have you tweeting today
I think tthey charge weekly like between $200-400 dollars or every two weeks that amount
#askacomposer looks like a great idea! Unfortunately my Friday is jam packed... next time hopefully!
lmfao ahahahahah “ No! No! Fuck no! Im NOT letting this big headed bitch suck me into another twitter war. #janf #bfk #XLhats”
I weird Feeling##
I can always tell where we're at in re-runs of 'That 70s Show', chronologically speaking, by how 'roided up Fez looks.
Mastodon is covering The Flaming Lips and Feist for Record Store Day.
school:/ I just want to leave! get out of the drama loop and celebrate the holidays:) #Santa:)
Actually I am not selling it. It's too good!
If you knew better you'd do better
Winners Circle! Award winning, thats rite! Im ready
Wonder if my dad will see my tattoo today. Hehe
Just killed 7 billion people on pandemic 2.5
I miss you more and more lately.
#ThingsIDislike a fake person that tries to show out thinking their being real, but their just another hater walking the streets.
yep/ that is the stuff right there! Too much to think about on sat morning!
Damn Helton! that was close
HELLO ANDREW TY 4 THE FOLLOW.. WE RETURNED WITH FOLLOWING YOU...
I really cant forgive the douchebag hat.
thank you for your donation and support of local and small businesses!! We appreciate it
Made a couple pair and faded a flush draw. Up to 31k
Gooodluckkk tonight guys!
Thats great, man! I've been meaning to stop by! #Jazz #Band still meet every morning? What time? TK
Who else is a musician in Los Angeles?
hahahah oh you mean ?!
Thanks for the shoutout
Would love to have you on today
hell yeah I am.
Singing extra loud
More manly? Duran Duran's "Notorious" or sleeping on a pillow with beads sewn onto it?
Summer application deadline approaching on March 10th!
get outta here! Hahaha
#angelsandgentlemen drops east coast tonight at midnight. Going to be amazing.
psssstt Hi :D
lol lucky. I doubt it my mom is a weenie.
aw <3 thank you ,so r u <3
5 days! RT It's almost time for ! Who's going?
editing some really nice video... my mouth is watering for Jean Baillette-Prudhomme! ;)
I was but only when I wasn't me
Americal Idol lifer right here.
Largest fundraiser for transgender rights ever. Freedom isn't free!
I Cried When "hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies." -- Andy, The Shawshank Redemption (1994)
Kay thank :D
When you see what's happened around the whole Tebow thing I come to one conclusion - people have way too much time on their hands
you never do following sprees...
The New York Rangers play the New Jersey Devils tonight!! You should totally watch it!! :))
Oops! Benefit will be the 25th! More details to follow!!
It was on last night but will prob rerun
If you're don't receive our newsletter, let us know. You don't want to miss out on our specials and other exclusive announcements.
why did t you put my twitter name in the video?
Game face time is approaching. Tonight, we celebrate our new CD at Skully's, doors at 9.
sleepless nights
After all the hoopla, didn't get a choice to get groped. The tsa told me to stand still, raise my arms, and the next thing i knew...zap!
i dont think you even know what he was sayin
FINALLY! This sub I gunna be gone
Really enjoyed last night. My favorite was Adam Meister Next one is scheduled for March 4th, 2010.
Mississippi. Betta recognize!
Nemiss is addicted to drop off laundry service, All my clothes are folded like they're on display at the GAP!!!!
Much better
And we cannot wait!!!“: Hey I'll be at to see and ”
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyTVShows How I met your mother
Making a brochure for and giving my resume a facelift
"Much Has Been Said Now Much Must Be Done" - Peter Gourfain, silkscreen, 3-11-1980 -
CALL IT 'SPONGEBOB' Lol! That's random!
...and on the fourth day, they got their pickup and all the gear stuck in the mud at the bottom of the ravine with the 25%+ incline...
15 minutes out from the first pitch between host Milton (8-1, 3-0) and Monroe (5-3, 3-0) in a Southern Badger Conference softball game.
Live it up bro!RT : I hate it when adults act childish.
word. as you pointed out I do believe there will be a whole lotta schoolin' each other going on...lol!
Alright in honor of the last day of Black History Month......
I really enjoy working w/ ! She is so creative and fun!
a 17 year old should not be this stressed !
great, thanks Jen! We will keep you posted and hope to be open soon. Have a great night!
fak! Lolol dang oh emm gee! >_< ... It's a permanent blind spot =P
and now there's tyler. and frank.
Fair Play, a short film by J Lane, November 19 at the B Spot DC..7 pm
Today is going to be a good Monday!
If you have incurred an injury in exercise, you have made the journey more difficult.
Can some at Missions game explain why u can't spell Texas without HEB? Most ridiculous commercial.
If I could sleep forever, that would be cool.
Spring report: My Japanese lilac tree is leafed out, earliest ever. Could an ice or snow storm be far behind?
You got to be kidding me. Bubba Watson...you da man! What a shot. One for the ages.
Is about to hit the Studio everyday grinding baby holla at twitter later o yea and Celtics vs Lakers on now CHECK ME OUT PPLS
The party people are at Esco tonight. Come out and let loose. No cover, just shots! 2905 Travis. 77006.
Men's fashion debate: A Bostonian told my BF his cuffed pants were "ugly." What say you? Tacky or classy?
why do u want to?
Family Guy>
ugh I'm getting sick!! I really feel like crap right now :( going to bed early....goodnight!
LOVE it. SO soulcycle :)
Thanks for setting us up with some great golf this weekend!
Boy Im Faded..
If rock legend Bruce Dickinson wants more cowbell, then we should give him more cowbell!
are you gonna be at grad tomorrow??
Yeah whoever said #Battleship was the leftovers of Transformers is correct, by same guy n everything
HWD Mark Weston done taking heat from La Mesa city council, members of the LMCC audience would love 2 add their 2 cents (more like $2)
watching house hunters while emailing. must go to croatia immediately!
my sister's is better. And Elizabeth's.
i am looking forward to go to the NEXT startup weekend!
lol yes! and then were walking around Delaware x5
We all are gearing up! Lets see how long it takes for a complete ticket sell-out!
and I are dots:)
The Culture Frequency & A-Dapt Entertainment are bringin' KRADDY to The Victor Hotel ((18+ : 2 Rooms of Music)) on September 23!
good to hear bro. I wish I could say the same, A.Miles & V.Jackson took turns putting me over the barrel last nte!
An old Korean man just gave me a tip o' the hat on Wilshire. Made my day.
"Make it thy business to know thyself, which is the most difficult lesson in the world." - Miguel de Cervantes
4:45 am... I should go sleep now lol RT What time do you have to wake up tomorrow for work? xoxo
Yeah I watch "Trauma". Sue me.
On my way to the Wellspring Network to eat some delicious raw food and listen to Jon Sullivan's talk about massage for all ages!
#MusLearning But I think I learn best when info isn't necessarily unique, but is instead touched upon in visits to multiple museums.
You know who I miss thats who!!
the Cowboy Beebop soundtrack makes *everything* more interesting :-)
Cutters, Teter take top spot in 1st practice race
weekend is almost here
Like a good neighbor state farm is there.....with a whole buffet just 4 me. Lolz!
We have vegan "beef" nachos and quesadillas!!!
Checking your phone every minute to see if they bothered replying <<<<<
"The Color Purple"
She pop X I smoke O's tic tac toe.
ooh toms! Id never buy em, everyone says they fall apart! Sweatshop labor ftw! My nikes are bombproof! :p
Good Lord, Twitter, what makes you think I'm going to follow either the AARP or Mitt Romney?
Ugh I came home and knocked out for two hours! Dang lol
A pool noodle! I play swordfight with my daughter with pool noodles! I RULE AT POOL NOODLES
Well....looks like the Wifey and I are going to register for the NYC ING Marathon!!!! Yikes!!
Send me your LoVe
I'll never find love until I accept that Hawkeye from M*A*S*H* isn't a real person, and would only break my heart in the end anyway.
my top 3 docs: The Secret, Fuel, and Food Inc. if u havnt seen them yet, check em out! In that order :)
I could EASILY use your personal experience 2 help me w/ what i am going through- and it would be deep! But rewarding! xoxo
congrats selena your gonna be an awsome big sister tell your mom i said congrats
#SYRIA #SHOUTOUT HOLOCAUST
I looked cute in a hat for the first time ever yesterday. Big curly fro was adorbs in a snapback. Now I want one. And a sparkly pinky ring.
Red Sox lose. It's 1978 again.
Now that pizza patrol is done I'll track 10 school referendums in southern Wis. including $5 million in Orfordville and $70 mil in Beloit
Today's playlist? 90s R&B. Wishing everyone a happy #laborday weekend from all of us here at the VAC. T-7 days until the opening!
I hope you bring it NYC in June for Summit :D If you're around, come through, it's looking to be a sick event.
na my dude holden richards formula ink ft lauderdale
HECK YES THEY SHOULD. I would be all over that tour.
and watch a movie with u
Best of luck Evanna. I hope all is well with you!! Please keep your fans posted Your #1 fan Xoxo ~Cathy
Dave Bush is on pace for less than three innings after a horrible 1st inning & 40 pitches!
you should go on the Jenna Jamison diet. Which is: Pussy Only
how do I put this penny in Sandy? “: "Asking for help is not a weakness." - Fred Meijer”
parrish is fuckin knocked out.
": America's Got Issues."//Issues? Dude, we've got a subscription.
"I must...live a good and faithful life...so that those who come after me do not have to start all over again." Etty Hillesum
Battleship is a must see.
rip dj mehdi
My cat rap. His name? Wiska Lifa.
.... :) .. a begrudging yes is almost like a no … thanks
Going through the Phoenix Coyotes tag on tumblr. omfgosh. some of these people....
Sykesvilke is weird because it's in Howard, Frederick and Carroll counties...
Everything happens for a reason
Existential Crisis in full bloom. Bloody hell.
I take traktor everywhere but he likes car rides, it all depends on the animal
can i get a follow please? I love ur show John
oh, you know it! =) haha
its wild to read the EXACT same concerns we've expressed for last couple yrs. don't know why not more hue and cry from players.
Starting the new year with books about simplifying life. has some great titles on the subject including Made from Scratch.
dbug4 Good call. Blue Moon is also a great summer beer. Nice and citrusy, but orangey instead of lemon.
Anybody wanna buy a g-shock watch for 30 bucks
Let's Make Things Happen
USPTO Dir Kappos: filing records being broken at PTO, WIPO; future for innovation very very bright.
crazy headdown time all week as well!
RT : Houston, Texas Weather :: 66F LIGHT RAIN: 66F LIGHT RAIN
just dm'd you in response to this question!
tomorrow bring plated and cups
Follow the pizza of your heart.
ducks offense looks flat, but cant blame the month off, Ohio state had 6 weeks off
Just that titles aren't always embraced when forced on those with ability. Not that I claim to have ability. I am terrible.
I just wrote a poem. I've never done that done that before. It kinda felt like confessional.
Disrespctful as shit . Like some girls needa stand up for themselves smfh , dudes be full of shit , I wish i was her,slapped his ass .r.s.
Don't give up on what God has called you to do. The end result is worth the pain ~
What's up Twitter! TONIGHT, we're going to be featuring FunkOTron, Yell Hounds, Emma Diaz & Jeremiah!! Don't miss it!!
When your lips touch mine, it's the kiss of LIFE!
Count your blessings to forget your problems.
cos my dad will think i was texting and playing on the computer all day
Thank you! RT : Bad Sean's #MBA Pick of the Day: Robins School University of Richmond. The strength of Richmond is its student
I asked; as I expected he knew of no books on mule trains either, although he was aware of their use in WWI and possibly WWII.
These stupid guys in my algebra class telling me that the aren't in 3rd any more am so sure I know my basketball guys!(:
Ready for my music juries tomorrow.
Come on Skype. I have some incredible news to share.
requestin U SMILE on radio station it funny cuz me n my friend are using wierd ass acents...
The Cleveland High school Band is Amazing don't you agree? This is going to be a really great event!
Yep. So right
cab. and youre fancy for adding the dots on top of the u
So you are at#SXSW ? in Austin ???We should meet for coffee or a cool film!!
The dom.com interactive outage viewer is the suckiest game I have ever played. Puteh!
There is a piece of metal made of nickel and titanium in my chest right now.
“: #WorstRapLineEver names mac miller. -mac miller. fyi i hate mac miller. #thumbsdown” Mac miller sucks.
Andrew only likes me cause I can help him get girls.
I see myself as a crayon. I may not be your favorite color, But someday you'll need me.
discussing #FiftyShades - ha come on guys you coulda done better than that!
I definitely read that as 'my 75th favorite country' and thought 'Wow, he's done a lot of work on that ranking list.'
"As much as I wanna be found, please don't find me..." #CivilTwilight....kinda fits my mood right now....
Boutta Show Mf's What To Do Wit One Of Beats. 'Cold' Coming Soon!!
Thanks to for being follower #100... and to all of our other friends that helped us get there!
Lost Dog Rocky - $150 Reward Rocky the Miniature Schnauzer is lost in Cheyenne, WY.
Bail set at $350K each, for owners of pit bulls who attacked and mauled Paradise Hills woman.
I KNOW I SAW THAT I WAS LIKE THATS EXCELLENT
lord u guys are gonna blow up my twitter...... but at least it will be directioners blowing up my timeline
Tune into 99.5 Wolf this morn at 8 Taylor Swift tics auction to benefit !
I guess I should get my tic for the crab feast soon
“: A student just smiled and waved at me as I walked by her class. Made me feel so good! Acknowledgment works!!
Dropping some family off at the airport VERY early!! And then I'm racing home to see the video on CMT!!
whick makes me the happiest person :D When Austin smiles, mahomies smile <3
Climbing Sunrise Mountain on Saturday. 5 hours to get up and 6 hours to get down. Anyone wanna join?
EW vet made good! Big buzz about her upcoming new one...
"Self-determination is fine but needs to be tempered with self-control."
Aweber and MailChimp both have pros and cons. Depends on what you want to do with your lists.
do you blow?
this drizzling snow while the sun is out makes me wonder ... if the apocalypse isn't happening this year, WHAT IS GOING ON
What's the best piece of advice Mom ever gave you? Tweet us your answer for a Mother's Day story!
Cool I get the go-ahead. RT : My suit is so baggy after losing all this weight recently. No comments
It is believed that Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
need to get it from B...you might have to wait a WEEK! This is where you practice your patience.
If you only do what is comfortable...what comes easy...you will only have what anyone could get...push yourself..
don't you just love when there's ten 40 year old men in ur house screaming over a stupid bulls game? funn. haha
is my fav show currently on TV! Glad you love it too. I need to watch FNL on Netflix.
why send a tease pic when you can send a full n00d. go hard or go home.
What is the temperature? We only have hot and hot here in Texas. Occasionally, we get a brief period of cool but cold is a rarity.
Djokovic awesome match vs Nadal in the Australian Open yesterday, longest in Australian open history.
Glad to have this day off. Hoping to do something productive and life changing. Or maybe I'll just go fishing again.
I am not sure what you mean.
Hoping the #SunStandStill msg speaks to u RT On pg 10 of 224 of Sun Stand Still, by Steven Furtick: "This book is not a Snuggie."
Junior status
they would be hating us so much, bahaahah. That would be awesome :D
Has everyone been reminded a zillion times to spring forward your clocks tonight? If not...Spring forward your clock tonight 1 hour.
but that defeats the purpose of it being free
Drew with a SOME audience member
My regrets! I have to decline. This 40 of Sleepytime tea is kicking in.
grilled salmon, rice, pita, hummus, huge green salad, grilled veg delivered to my door. i'm so spoiled.
Top tweets: #PENMembers , , , , , wow in 140 characters...
Working on a plan to catch up with The Bigger Lights.
totally insipred by awesome #WEAmericas women entrepreneurs, great discussion around social media for business
it's ok. You shouldn't be sorry. :)
Had an argument with your mom..and you overhear her on the phone telling people her version of it.
Brad Tinsley
After 4 hours participants tend to devolve to their prelinguistic roots, communicating w/ grunts & crude gestures. I read that.
there go yo mention you happy Lol
No deserves to be with a bipolar person like me...
RT : Tough times call for tough rhymes
True or False: Frozen foods can safely be defrosted at room temperature.
#CountryBreakfast LIGHTING IT UP
UK SoftballKentucky earns NCAA Tournament bid for fourth straight year. Play Michigan in Louisville on Friday at 4:30.
headed to sunset .
Check out the Bricktown Chevy Showcase on CBS tonight at 7:30! We will be featured with many other OKC musicians.. Set your DVR!
Hi ladies....loving Pinterest.
So far so good. #Zags lead 34-31 at half.
I just play Teemo and cut off people who run from better players than I. Works out well!
Thanks! I'm sure I'll have a few questions soon.
Red wine and SNL
Home - FREE EXPReSSION via @
I wanted to run some errands but babygirl has a temp & some congestion...Nurse mommy reporting for duty.
I suck at this game.. I don't even know what to do lmao
Share them, definitely! We have pretty much all of our lyrics finished for now, but we're always looking to be inspired.
Sucks right? RJ used to be a bad man, now he's just a slow 40 year old with a glass jaw.
Alright I hit my record.. 5 texts. And I still wouldn't get off twitter...
: is a great event. Not only will we be raising money & awareness we'll have some fun!
what's your username??
Did the Prez just say he's going to force banks to let anyone refinance their mortgage? He better bring a gun.
Wishing all our tweeps a safe and happy 4th of July! Enjoying our time with friends & fam today.
Aww! I miss you so much!!! I can't wait to be in your arms again! I love you more! :]
EMBALMING soon....
that mane gettn cool for robing burger king
checking my May calender to see how its gunna work out for me!
Thanks for the follow and !!
sure is! Lol! Day full of awful things!
nigga you didn't tell me if you liked that danny brown song or not.
RT : Starting a great SWISTER weekend at the Great Dane!
Very true! I will hit the gym later!
oh lol. Well that's probably why he didnt want to ask u out. Maybe since ur older & was afraid you'd say no
bad influence!? MMEE!? ugh i have no idea what your talking about xD alrighty then <3
I really need to remeber that decisions I make effect everyone I love..
hay Ron what's up? Just to say that I'm a big fan.I like what you did to mike on jersey shore. You rock bro:)
Pinball, darts, booze and DJ playing all your favorites tonight. See you soon!
Correct. Link is fixed.
#20thingsAboutMe Im very nice && love to help ppl!
<--- Those guys are awesome, and you people should listen good music like their music :3
That's why I was careful! :) Figured there might be others who hadn't gotten to it yet! Looking forward to hearing your thoughts.
Icing is the duct tape in the baker's tool box.
"Q is the Kenyan of drinking"-Dinneen
you too!!! XO
scanner monitor: 6th Ave. and Gun Club Road rollover.
#GoCards final four baby yea!!! UK y'all don't want none!!!
Good Lookin My Dude
"Most companies are anti-union, that's not important right now. What made Amazon unique was the way in which it was."
Thanks for checking in! When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was. And follow us for perks and info!
you'd like that. P.L.U.R.<3
wow and its not even 9 pm
js taxi dispatch 20 percent of all rides in sacramento 501-8171
#madmenchat not sure i can multi-task while watching the show. tweet, chat, watch oh my!
*Camera nerd alert* I bought a used Tamron 28-70 f2.8 and it's really nice! I love fast glass!
“: the LORD sustains me. I will not be afraid of ten thousand bar questions Who have set themselves against me round about.”
The Gold's Gym is officially open! Get a head start on your resolution and join today!
Does it really really REALLY need to be this cold in the office?
*Takei voice* Hello.
LOL“ cool story bro. do you wanna hear mine? its a fairytale... "once upon a time, nobody gave a fuck. the end”
oh okay im slidin in a lambo bitch im a animal lion on my chest like jaranimal kush up in a swisher feds takin pictures i just slide
"Oh, Joe? We used to talk to him until we realized he's never watched RuPaul's Drag Race so we banished him to an eternity in the RuLags"
There is a intimate connection between the Holy Ghost and partaking of the sacrament. (Book of Mormon Crash Course)
Indeed! MT : also opening is our Curatorial Practices class exhibitions "Like.Comment.Share" and "In The Studio"
I'm pretty sure the old guy in front of me at that bank drive thru is applying for a home loan
RT : Rounding about mile 65 now. I want a cheese burger! And endurox!!!! That was brutal!!
WE BE IN ATL FRIDAY. COME TO THE VIDEO SHOOT!
team roommate
Out and about.
gahahaha I laughed so much when I read this I don't know why
I just want to lay in my bed I'm tired of doing work :-)
Thanks and ! Great information and loved hearing two perspectives on active listening.
we can watch together when you come home!
One big room full of real niggas and some bad bitches, and some chill niggas.
Eraselets to spread our message of Ending Homelessness!
What is the funniest thing one of your kids said this week?
Oh come on...they're inducting Lou into the Cotton Bowl Hall of Fame at NOON on a THURSDAY? Work with me people!
In the UK, recent survey results suggested that 50% of population have troubled eating
Good round today get the confidence up for the #Masters, where you WILL DOMINATE
What does This American Life's "In Dog We Trust" podcast have to do with EsJay? You'll find find out soon, in the meantime, enjoy!...
I was thinking the movies or dinner. Anything really!
i looked to follow you but never saw you back there.
Never injure a friend, even in jest.
Another day of record-breaking heat?? Warm & partly cloudy with a slight chance for a few showers for your Thursday.
I know that inner wisdom is more precious then wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain. -Oprah" says the out if touch billionaire
Miracles happen.
The Second Neurotic's Notebook, 1966He that wants money, means, and content is without three good friends
Thanks for sharing this. Very useful and informative!
Hoping my all my new Orleans fam is safe at Mardi Gras
The only way you get it back is by inviting me over. Its been like a month.
company thousands of dollars. Today she found so many errors and forgotten work the evil girl left. It was a mess. Smh
tough with kiddo
eBay is a great place for serial killers to get rid of their murder weapons
wow thats a deep one. Love it.
Twitter, I keep forgetting about you.
No one in the Brady/Rodgers/Brees category, but the Mannings, Stafford, Tebow ain't bad
#RomneyPickUpLines. Don't worry, baby, I can get my poll numbers up.
Anyone else think Volquez looks like the Predator?
Good Night 💤 Today was a fun day 😊
it my bday today mad happy im 19 have a good safe day twitter
Name this picture book: superhero doll who has like a sponge sidekick and is forced to wear a green wool sweater that unravels.
National Record Day tomorrow! All vinyl will be 25% off all day (9 to 5). (Store credit may not be used on vinyl purchases.)
Lucked out and got a sweet used car that works!
40 bucks direct to Hank I in merch for blowin my mind. Fuckin' A.
That awkward moment when a random dad catches you making funny faces at his baby
checking out twinbox
we like hearing that!
Yet another perfect night in
Edan ends show with a theremin solo of 'auld lang syne' and rap tribute to rock records.
What movie?
We go to th doctor and we don’t need to worry about paying him, but here, your whole life y’re broke because of medical bills.
and as i drive to the hospital i now understand and appreciate sports being on 98.7
We most definitely do! We are Your #1 Source for Black #Art, Gifts and Collectibles. Hope you take the time to check us...
Why be beholden to just one insurance company with 50 to choose from? For best rates, best coverage, don't sign anything till you call 4M.
Thanks so much! We will make sure to keep you updated!
lol who r u talking to?
Mortified that I've been singing the WRONG lyrics to my favorite Thompson Twins song all these years
"Notting Hill" just starting on WE will make it a little better.
hmm, could you mix some cream of coconut (coconut purée) into w/ the rice ? Might be too sweet. Coconut water has no flavor.
you're in for a treat ;)
IL was ranked 3rd worst state to do business in because taxes are .17 above the national average. We are one cheap ass country.
Is this my girl Asha who wore my Little Black Dress for Karen Kane?
Lost my uncle to lung cancer. It's so frustrating because there's nothing you can reach out and grab to help a loved one in their fight.
Something I read mentioned BYOS (bring your own server) as a possible trend. You gotta be kidding. Those poor SysAdmins.
I like all the colored little buttons.
because when they're dry we leave for school :P
Good Monday Morning!
What is the expression about fighting like cats and dogs about? Mine get along just fine. They seem to be great friends.
woohoo - that sounds great!
I'm sorry we will direct message you right away!
#Imagine if was reading this right now<33
Ive Always Wanted To Know This what city are you most excited to go to for the tour ? :D
that would be awesome! i will send you information and fun things over the next few weeks. xo
Son is laying in his bed composing music on his harmonica. It's driving his sister crazy, but I think it sounds like heaven.
Car service in Philadelphia is so NOT reliable!
We watched the #bayMGS1 #MayDay protesters march past about 30 mins ago. Feels okay to leave bldg now.
I'm deadline driven and I just don't have a hard deadline for the book project, so it keeps getting bumped for other things!
9:45 and the a/c just kicked on. Woo-hoo, now it's summer!
where do you work?? We'll be at Polaris/Easton.
Edu-tech expo to begin!!!
I think freeways are an easy case (for separation) and broadband is a hard case.
I was like "....WAIT" hahahahahaha RT : took you long enough to realize it haha
That's a funny looking dog
welcome, friend.
About time, Easter and the Masters is on TV! What a weekend
u are
was meeting up with peeps at Make Westing. We need to get together soon!
thank you senator- it's an honor.and maybe we can break this losing streak to top of the night
"...by some miracle casey hayward falls". Seems a little eerie now. Great interview with Paul. Go Pack.
two things that make my heart smile... 1. Birds taking a bath and 2. Rhinos in a mud wallow.
it's addicting I know!! I have the whole series.. 😏
I know FOMO I have FOMO
well my pants just ripped....
Random donut on my steps...is this a trap?
and me sweetness!!! ;)
#HappyMothersDay going out to all the moms out there hope they have a wonderful day today! :)
Somebody's gotta do it! I could go for a Maker's & Coke about now.
I'm so jelliez!!!
I think your looking at it flipped. Start with baseline 40, then use reports, tape, gamespeed, etc to tweak speed from there.
At right now in between acts. Can't wait!
I think we just became the 2000th to follow . Whoo-hoo!
Kevin is a smart man.
Hello, Mr. Tolle. I love your work. Peace and God bless.
tankss(: cuz I asked Jess but she didn't answer.
Thanks for the RT Dan! Thought you might like that one!
Man I hate spam msg
Things I'll miss abroad: NPR and Things I won't miss: vehicles and all their problems.
100% no way he isn't on peyote after reading those hugs store and black crow ones.
what do you mean
this is a preyy normal question but whats your fav color?
An instructional video on how to make your own sausages
"I don't watch hockey" please keep your opinion to yourself then.
I'm sure you'll follow me one day, #KeepDreamin'
Happy Mothers Day :) <21
Yes. I think you should give me one ;)
Set Fire To the Rain!!!!:D
Scully and Mulder are my favorite main characters of any show, ever.
giving away drinks at #durkins 810 W Diversey...come by FREE DRINKS
I am glad to have an amazing person and singer in Cincinnati! #RandomMoment lol
RT New video, new stories on the housing stimulus now up on www.housingzone.com/stimulus
Effing dyslexia. I thought my email said I won the scholarship. It didn't. FMLFMLFML
I'm doing a fitness challenge in April. I'm trying to decide between Turbo Jam and Turbo Fire.
Cliches are bullshit. Culture is your operating system. Evolve your internal dialogue. Those old sayings don't mean a damn thing.
so goddamned excited to see in 's #thegirlmostlikelyto !
Bush never would've let all those French people win our Academy Awards.
I need to go grocery shopping today.
Yeah that WAS about you
Big show today as legend Rick Barry F and join this afternoon!
where's waldo!
Good luck this afternoon to our boy Jeff Garcia and The let's get a "W"!
me either! We'll have a whole nye hungergames debriefing! Merry christmas to you too!
do you have demographic data on hospital readmitance?
hey you light skin Lol
Bob Jenkins was a little too defensive on that "I'm not drunk!" retort
of course! Does the roof go up and down? Haha
that's a good thing to advertise on twitter
Just played tennis for the first time in years and it was awesome. Now, if only I could move my leg
Yeah, time to admit the old has finished it's run as my 1st Gen. #smartphone. Question is do I go with a or #iPhone now?
Thx good report for my buyers this morning. Early and prof. for appt.
Anyone know of any job openings in Jax? My only requirement is that it be a desk job, for medical reasons.
This new medicine is making me eat like a mofo
I try ;) lol. I miss youu!
Snow day has turned into a snow week. Tulsa has been declared a disaster area, and the governor has requested FEMA assistance.
Not really.
NYC Area Guitar Players! We know of a special project seeking a guitarist! Message for details! Please RT.
": Wife just hit start on Friday Night Lights...not sure I'm ready for this."//::spontaneous weep of joy::
try using 80legs if you need more bandwidth for web crawling
Looks like I came back at the right time
i love Cyrillic nails, they make my hands look more classy
what kind of grub??
hey look at my tweets follow me bchjnbcxdghjutedsxcfbnm
Bitch thought she was gettin' a convo.... C.L.O.W.N XD
aw,i just read this! you are too kind!! i love you and your mom! yall are so big hearted!
actively, for just a few weeks. i work with and he has motivated me to put this great social medium to good use!
I'm over being under the weather.
King gives Kings 2-1 lead.
If your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt. ~Kaiser
no disrespect but bra hw u get this many fans and u cant rap 4 shittt im just being real i put way more wrk in than u
RT "" has crosshairs on our district; people have to realize there are consequences to that." - Rep Giffords"
please share!!
you have to get the screen replaced
It's time to see who the Real Twerk daddy is!!! Twerk off birthday dinner Friday!!! I will show you what daddy really can do :D
Bored. RETWEET this if you want me to mix you a song. Tweet me to let me know which songs.
Ugh. Late night pizza...I hate how much I love you despite the havoc you wreck on my body.
Mexico for dinner, my favorite!
Ladies Book Club meeting on Weds--optional dinner at 5:30 in the pub, we meet at 7 upstairs. Read Hotel at the Corner of Bitter & Sweet.
Stay awaaayy from the UGA bookstore, they're about a million dollars if you try to get one there.
Emily, our thoughts and prayers are with Eric and his family and extended team family...thankful for the SAFER barrier & COT
I used to know the closer for #RTG2012 , but it has completely escaped me.
I forgot to play the megamillions yesterday , not forgetting to play the PowerBall today.
about to watch me a movie
Come on, #Bruins, you need to focus, bear down, and play to your abilities! Despite injuries, you are better then you have been playing.
One day i hope will RT or reply...:) but until then i'll wait for
Dear Mr.President I can't get unemployment because still under doctors care.
Money doesn't change you, It's changes the people around you,
the entire premise of the show "i didnt know i was pregnant" boggles my mind
Anyone have the over/under on how many Mayors Sunland Park #NM will go through this year?
Oh god..
that's the reason we pay such high taxes. So our towns PW can create more work for us homeowners
#youwerecooluntil you told me you were cool.
I'd like to see a retro suspension for simulation on that call
Tarheels conquer in OT; now on to Kentucky-Indiana, the best game of the day!!!
maw ya name didnt change lol“: *cough* douche bag LMAO ”
My Follow Button Is Lonely! Can You Fix That?(:
is it worth reading now that I saw the movie??
“: Any birthday plans?
18 days off each year? Wow, I could do a lot in a month & a half. /s/ 6
Good to hear! Enjoy your weekend. :)
Thanks, for all the RTs. I enjoy your beat, plus all the great developments in Chula Vista. Keep up the good work.
So fucking sore.
Holy new Tweet to test a Twitter widget on my company's website. OMG I NEED TO TYPE MORE CHARACTERS! 39 MORE TO GO! Woooohoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ChicThompson challenges us to make a list of our 5 nevers and flip them in to opportunities
79 million Americans are pre-diabetic. And it's called an epidemic? More like a pandemic with potentially catastrophic impact.
that was just really bad...tough start for Timmy
Is Bavetta one of the refs?
Friday's adult office beverage is the Queen's Park Swizzle. Rum, Angostura bitters, mint leaves, lime. We're ready for the long holiday!
I dont know what it is but let enjoy the ride while it lasts!!
what are they?
I feel alot of y'all niggas here the music but don't actually listen and grasp the message
The best way to overcome doubts and fears is to focus on what God thinks about u not what u think about myself.
lol me either but when u get an off day we need to go get our nails done or somethin.
that's what I'm watching! !
Can never get away from the balance sheet 😣
Really in love with this new imogen heap cd!
The best secretary!
Yay for LJHS alumni doing awesome things!
almost forgot, you can't miss the Brooklyn Flea in Williamsburg. Amazing food, vendors, and views of Manhattan from the waterfront.
like around 2,000. it's not a set limit but it's like a limit of how much people you can follow in a certain amount of time
You can get a USB SNES controller too :)
they just said The Brad has a lot of alcohol! Oh boy!
A fine point, sir. RT : At least he kept doing a good job of beating the Brewers.
Care about us? Follow our jumo.com/markstuartdance
How its going down - Dmx
sweet! What's your site and ill tell her.
writing my penpal a letter (: I think he hates me though, he hasn't written me since September lmao
"SUPER" Saturday lineup: #SuperBowl control cntr training, then teammate pep rally , finishing with #mibor ball! So excited
i'm stopping there x) haha at least for now. Heard that the new seasons kinda ruin the show lol but idk
I know!!! MT I'm shocked that a group of hotel owners voted 4 a plan 2 make someone else pay 4 their Convention Center.
Fairfax Electronics announces page 1 position on Google for keyword CCTV, thanks to all our supporters.
Has anyone used an autism service dog or have any input on service dogs?
OMFG :D ask if I will meet him and if he loves me?:)
Cabbie profiled in 's cabbie quiz is working on a film called "Waiting for the G" based on Waiting for Godot--LOVE IT!
coffee its the first thing that goes into my system every morning.
Tenet cities are great in a camping site but a concrete jungle starts to stink bad. There are better ways to get a piece of the 1%
Jason Berken will be demoted if gm is ppd for #Orioles. Zach Phillips is here.
@ #iew event Anita McBride states that education is the single most important building block for development.
Pretty sure there were just gunshots across the street.
I am interested in Facebook, Twitter, and any and all social media. Goggle+ is interesting but not quite there yet.
bong bong bong
I've passed 3300 followers, thanks for your interest, everyone!
No relationship is ever a waste of time; it's the time spent discovering your values, interests, and pet peeves. Relationships are important
Yes, they do!
good work!
Wow one stop shop. now selling healthy meals and seventh generation!
Thanks for the opportunity to serve. We appreciate your business. (cc )
#RPDR your fans are enjoying the shoe go #Dida!!
They're gonna rip off your heads, your aspirations to shreds, another cog in the murder machine.
About to go on a CRAZY rafting trip w/ Bon. Wish us luck!
thanks-like that the EFAs in organic oils can nourish more than the skin...
Cue the "Take over the world (for social good)" music mwhahaha cc
I always give her my scraps but shes so scared to take it, it take her like 5 minutes to come eat it
GAH so jealous! i went 0/3 on attempts to visit bakesale betty in december... :(
uh huh...sure! just yankin yo chain! you are welcome :D
Nice blog! Keep running!
Have a safe trip! We're going to miss you :( U better come back soon and visit!
and jimmy is a total nutbag. But who's counting?
GUESS WHAT?!(:
Great concept. Just joined from Klout.
yessir I saw you were giving someone else the free exercise clause lesson; I presume you have heard of wallbuilders?
hey ur mom just follw me <3 thanks jules and happy mothers day
Always interesting (if you like SEO): 7 SEO Friendly Site Features that Developers Often Miss
#SmackDown the new Nexus song sucks
Smile your on candid camera 📹📷😂
I got used to airport living, something doesn't feel right this month. Staying in 1 city for longer than a few weeks is proving to be tough.
please come blow my nose for me
Thanks Kali, hope to see you soon!
#ReplaceSongTitles Take Your Birth Control by Afrojack. Lol never can I hear that song the same after today
RT : Love coming to non-social media conferences. The advice seems stayed & out-dated, but so many professionals still need it.
#intheblog panel discusses high quality content and engagement: make sure u have the facts right, then add your own voice
On that highway heading downtown
Did the rangers win???
- YoMama opens in Brookfield today!
Ah stuff isn't that deep! I need to start thinking that way!!!!!!!!
Can't wait to be out of town for the first weekend of Coachella guys!!!!! (Gonna go on a Vicodin bender so I can sleep through the second)
Does anyone have my tweets sent to their phone?
Excellence is the attention to detail which opens the door to superior performance.
More power to ya. I would have just said screw it & let the train go ahead without me.
It's always been my impression that Kerry Wood is a nice guy. It's not essential to being a baseball player, but it's good to know/suspect.
they just expire.
Thanks to everyone who attended our #infantmassage class yesterday at Loved seeing all the relaxed babies
Thanks so much!! Nice to see over here on Twitter too. ( :
Our sail boat capsized and I was like "this is it. This is how I'm going to die. I'm going to be eaten by a shark" 😖
oh god he wa wearing the white jordan slippers dat austin mahone wears AHH
Lebron a BITCH!!! He acted his ass off in that shit...
I just need to get as far away from here as possible...
#Congress: “Parents with school-age children are in desperate need of #afterschool programs. Think #community!” –Shelly
Tim will you be open on Mother's Day?
Hoosier Vets: 46 days until the Primaries. Is your voter registration current? Do you know your polling place?
Back in Tampa!!
I am with you, beer too!
you're the second to bring up Family Circus. I added Rubes and Dilbert to my shootable list as well.
Don't forgot to gte your ticket for the game on Saturday. Have a chance to meet Swann, Ham and Blount
word up. we'll keep ya posted. thanks for the support and please spread the word! keep tossin'
Portland Trib on NW Sports Tonight art 8:05..reacting to Blazer win and changes plus Duke
Heaven help us. The Woebogoebo has arrived for "Raise Your Hand."
Be careful what you wish for. You just might get it all.
Black film of the day "In His Father's Shoes."
Heading through Holland on the way to Muskegon for some turkey!
Is it too early to start New Year resolutions for 2012? I don't remember mind for 2011 but I'm going to assume I've accomplished them.
Inspired by seeing Amie Miriello last night at House of Blues. Performing onstage with the audience energy - awesome!
boys.... it all comes down to penalties....
Baking a #12 Packer cake for my canasta ladies – a spice cake!
So cold 
American Idol <3
"Sandwich"comes from Earl Sandwich who orderedmeat between bread, and his friends said "I'llhave thesame as sandwich."I learned somuch today
Ok anyone else STOKED for Titantic3D??
I'm skipping #Bachelor for you tonight, feel special. Can't wait to catch up with everyone!
Lecture Topic: Santa Clause...a drunk fat fuck.
Some ppl just don't get it and deserve to be laughed at..lol
A gentleman is one who never hurts anyone's feelings unintentionally.
"they say i'm up and coming like i'm fucking in an elevator" lol Best song lyrics I have ever heard
i never played with you lol what your acct that you play on the most so i can add you
and dubstep always on my mind
Our guitars are silent in honor of the great Jim Irwin.
So, what are you kids getting into this weekend? Let us know!
Now that I have a date for prom im super excited!! It needs to come sooner(:
your timeless grace, your pretty face, they bring you to an higher place, I love the things you do, could the winner be you?
Watching kids vandalize a live truck because the University made a good decision.
I keep telling myself that I don't miss you and I don't love you. Hoping one day I'll believe it..
lyric to internet killed the video star
Tired of the ass holes who just so freely take the lives of others as if their god?
Boat. :D
Just remembered that my biological grandma (mama's real mom) died fifteen years ago today. I was almost 4, so I don't remember her.
Thinking of getting all the members of Wu Tang Clan as Winnie the Pooh characters for my next tattoo. It would say "Wooh".
": Horse Name Ideas? RT When is a rapper going to purchase a horse and enter the Kentucky Derby?" Sir Trot-a-lot
I want to love, but im scared to because my heart is still healing frm the last time someone broke it...
Learn to forgive and be thankful.
I love my lesbians.
You're welcome and thanks for the follow back :)
I've pretty much stopped drinking those things, if you can believe it!
Haha she does ! :P
 ugh.. I have softball tonight. I'm gonna miss the UStream!! I love softball... Love y'all more! Kinda hard to explain to coach
RT : U.S. official tells NBC News that bin Laden has been buried at sea 'in accordance with Islamic law and tradition'
No prob. It is an awesome book. And very nicely written too.
suggestion: Add a "strikethrough" font. Sometimes it's handy to cross out text to track changes to a note.
Driving with one head light cause
#pfsummit Why'd they say content hard to find? MT chicken & egg problem: for APA content to evolve, need good APA contentmakers first
cmoooooooon Nell, this loss has NOTHING to do with Kobe Bean Bryant man..!!!!!!
Mind.blown.
Working on new custom bikinis, shirts, all over prints, and many more projects this weekend. Enjoying the great SoCal weather with the team
ha! Yeah, i sometimes have trouble getting my skinnier jeans over my calves, but that's not really a bad thing, I guess.
I am pretty sure I flashed the neighbors trying to stoop without dirtying my knees ;)
Just ate a piece of cake from "upper crust" bakery and I'm a new fan.
thanks again for organizing the workshop!
OHMYGOD. I love your hair. How do you do it? :3
wall to the mart
She's like a crack whore without the dignity.
lol you need to do those daily. Loved it. Party on the 28th. Not sure when or where but be there
Skipping school tomorrow to go to the cape :)
yes there is? tell me gem?<3
& everybody wonders why I can't keep no female as a friend. They all triflin' and nasty. Get on somewhere with that shit. Pah!
can i help with anything?
has this thing about Robert Christgau being the "dean of American rock critics" © become a joke yet? 1/2
Enjoy your memorial day weekend. We'll see you next Friday!
"Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself." - William Faulkner
I want to think that but I also feel like that's idealistic.
I'm So excited about tonight..."and I been practicing an practicing"
One of our favorite guests, is now on Twitter! He probably set the bar pretty high for us.....
Good read thank your for sharing this.
Joe Flacco is a good QB. The coaches have to put him in a position to win.
girl I waited on him last night. so bizarre lol LOVE YOU and MISS YOU!
Looking for a job? Need to pay for spring break? Campus Rec is looking for officials this semester. Pay is $10/hr. Email
Think you can handle a Cirque du Soleil inspired workout? Follow for details on how you can score a free class!
Bitch talk to da rocks in my ear
Whew! Got my order in for The Big Heat on blu-ray and the 5-CD über-deluxe Ben-Hur soundtrack - I was so afraid they'd be sold out.
RT : alright! I mean pick me up from tin roof I.wanna go wit u and
Have you tried Sophie Oak? I'm burning thru her Bliss series now - hard to put them down.
I've been upset over something that happened to me...questioning why...
Lol, Mr. Deeds
Thanks. And great. I hope mommy comes home again! :P
Eventually we need to make sure you are worthy of the truth of the tacos
it leaves his hands more free than the pom poms…
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate You pay...I forgot my wallet.
Meet the team at #shrmtalent Booth 506 until 6p today!
Pan channel integration is important to email strategy
Tonight: We call "ALL" unsigned talent to the stage. Club Pyramid: 101 Ave. A. BTW 6&7 St. (Lower East Side, NYC). Sign up 8PM, 18+, $10-
Love you baby! RT : I swear I'd do anything for you! <3
but seriously.
Goals must be more than extrinsic. What fuels you inside?
Hey Eugene - Brew Dr. Kombucha is now on tap at Red Barn (4th and Blair). BYO container and enjoy!
oh god are you tweeting from my bathroom? wtf dude.
In their defense everybody in New York was doing a lot of cocaine back then.
I'm following all of the Simpsons now!!!
Is that person called "intern"?
pft who wouldnt(: Ill buy u another drink(:
I just need somebody to love , <3
that boy Tom Donald driver what a monster still a factor just ask those hating ass 49ers hell yay he get my vote to great tweet
Had a great time last night with !
Do gay midgets come out of the cabinet?
SALE going on thru Friday! 30% off select items!
Did you schedule your pet’s annual examination? You might think it won’t hurt to skip it this year but it could save your pet’s life!
BIG thanks for sharing our podcast Kiri!
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?" -- John Wooden (This may be my new favorite quote)
Congrats to ! Fear not, Pops followers, we'll be giving CDs away for the next 2 weeks! :)
#AnybodyButTheHeatNation .. I am betting on my team
hahaha ya baby! I'll come pick you up this summer wif the top down! Ill be like the cooler
Chipping away at a social media/public relations project I've been working on for months...hope to debut soon!
I honestly don't think I'll sleep tonight
The Girl with the Tintin Tattoo - A mysterious girl with no eyebrows becomes computer animated and runs around the country while pouting.
#ClassicJokeMonday What does a nosy pepper do? Get jalapeno business!
Are u a styles to or no?
walking behind a guy with a full sleeve and he is automatically attractive and i haven't even seen his face. LOL
see you tomorrow!
Another 3.9 #quake just now in #Oakland (ep. #Berkeley).
You know it ! Trying to make some moves!
Eddie the Eagle steps on the ice... Goosebumps
Mom I need another bag of lemons <~~~ just in case u see this message....and baking a chocolate cake this weekend won't hurt ya either xoxo
These earphones she gave me blastin
Enjoying this fabulous weather! How about you?!
This has been a so to say interesting night. To The Dome tomorrow. Go Panthers!! ;)
- thanks for the RT!
Just got home
just discoverd a new book: Star Wars ABC!
Can't even tell u
good for you jim tressel, hope you do well with the colts! go bucks! we all miss u sir
NO! Don't take Gibson! Please!
VCU is not your typical #12. Shockers pretty darned tough too.
Ah, I love you. <3
Day #1 on set this week!
Slept in after a long day of #AAA2010 mtgs yesterday. Now to finish tomorrow's paper and head over to the conference. What day is it again?
RT : Sorry for the avalanche of tweets tonight, I am moderating #BA75chat ....the topic discussed : Mentorship > Join us!
SPF?: family's first trip to Disney World on Orlando this week!
Loving your album The Color Spectrum (Complete Collection) on :)
As a teenager you are at the last stage in your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you. - Fran Lebowitz
Can't wait for the #ESRIUC SIG on GIS in Libraries. Excited to see what others are doing with ArcGIS in their libraries
You can bid on a dinner with David Conrad and our lovely chair, Mary Prezioso.
Hey Jim, thanks for the follow. I'm looking forward to connecting.
Follow my sexii bro
is getting loose on !
CRAWFORD cool fa sho will check it out, if you ever inLA area and need a video holla, www.johnboatnerentertain.com
#ritread interesting comments on the human elements of GBS but I want more #lanham!
kimmy u come too far for any let downs!!
Yep, we are having "pubmed lookup service" issues too
Thanks for all the #FF love today! We appreciate the help spreading the word.
The internet is outdoing itself tonight
On my way to school I should be there around 9 lol :-)
I was in DECA 1978-1979. Cool it still exists.
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever. - Tupac Shakur
well good luk :)
we open now!
“: I wonder if any of you have a clue what song my last tweet was from” only Rushers will know(:
hiya! Im booked Sunday until 7pm.
Tickle Bill
Thanks for the follow
Eating my feelings, which are apparently goldfish right now.
you can make a bg written Austin Mahone please?
it'll be gigantic
welcome our partner charity, to twitter.
Urgent casting! Do you know anyone in BAD relationship? Live in SoCal or Alanta area? Email:
Thank you all for the retweets! That was so awesome!
A Shout Out to the dude who still takes bathroom mirror pics of him self! #YouStillGotIt!
Comedy discovery: slo-mo the corrections during SNL's Fox & Friends for "Taliban is not in fact launching Honey Bunches of Goats cereal," &c
I ACTUALLY MET AH
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 47
I70 is closed at the tunnel, mm 213, for an accident in clear creek county
Also a couple of Two Hands: Shiraz
it feels amazing
“: Thanks for the follow! I'm enjoying the music on the website! Good stuff!” thank you!!! We appreciate that!
RT : Pierre McGuire just dropped a "well they booed Santa Claus" on Philly fans!
Film Looks Back at Magic's Announcement
That sounds like fun!
I'm lovin this meteor shower
heard the story about "dad stop smoking you're killing yourself and me too" "so lets die together sab"
Thanks for the kind words,
Still got 14 of 16 of the Sweet Sixteen teams, not too bad after day 1
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable. ~Thomas Jefferson
H&M? Yeah, haha
I swear, watching a huge person eat makes me wana throw Up ! Ugh .
One of y'all let me get 40 emails in my inbox. *glares at timeline*
Officially done with this semester!
Just got raped by my apush test.
tell her yess :b
My mood today is, "Fuck you. Pay me."
Excellent! I truly hope you enjoy it. :)
I think the worst feeling in the world would be when someone just gives up on you. That would feel so bad. :/
I don't remember the last time I was this exhausted! Let the vacation recuperation begin!
We have faith in you! Its tonight at 8 AND 8:30pm.. We are doing $25 Visa Gift Card AND free samples
: "You may see my glory, but you don't know my story. Be you!"
#TURNOFF when a guy act like he bout dat life & bout dat paper, BUT NOT! Keep it real boo. If u ain't got it, u aint got it.Lies r turnoffs
ha! You know that I won't be able to not watch.
BTW, is my hero... TWICE!
Happy Birthday to ! Hope you have a great one.
Would you like to come to our campus April 4 for an event we are hosting (250+ students/entrepreneurs) w/5 panelists?
gals&guys THANK YOU so much for being our customers! YOU YOU YOU make our success possible and we hope we crushed it with service this year!
Mr Mathers do you know who won best all around in the WSOP-C stop in Biloxi? thanks
im great what was wrong?
Call and place your order today! 619-537-8812
any chance at Richardson at 16th? Dont think we should trade up, to many needs, dont want Barron either. If Trents gone, Upshaw?
u seen ride or die type chic no lie
Will someone out there please satisfy #Adele. She's killing me.
She and him....doing it
That's just the nature of the beast.
RT - Suck for Luck, that's the Miami Dolphins theme this year
No idea!! Haha.
dinosaurs roamed the earth.
Just looking at the food and drink category on makes me feel like I need to exercise.
Love to talk to you at some point! You guys with the Iowa crew? Who should I look for?
Today I rode in a stretch Escalade to and from The Price Is Right, with 20 friends. DON'T YOU EVER TELL ME I CAN'T ACCOMPLISH MY DREAMS.
It appears British triple jump legend Jonathan Edwards has joined Twitter (via )
They are playing sweet caroline at xfinity
Ha! For what?
At the NCAA volleyball clinic. Both kids are doing drills before we head over to the finals at the dome.
U must got an apex laptop lol : My laptop dies in 30 mins if I take it off the charger DA FUCK I need a new battery!
Trying to focus on this essay& do well but everything around me screams "PROCRASTINATE DAMMIT!"
Life is good.
- unknownThe winds of heaven change suddenly; so do human fortunes
I gotta study for Calc and Ap euro. After that I'll go lift
Lmao at ihop with these fools
I meant, "Truth." Sheesh.
I feel you wouldn't be complaining as much if Bernie still slid into the keg.
Ready for the family and the feast!
i got amazing news with no one to share it with... =(
the #NYRangers game was the opposite!! Let's go Rangers!!!
What's with these guys dating girls but gettin it from some other dude? #YouGayBro?
In connected learning, how do we encourage a healthy information diet? And how do we also meet kids where they are in pop culture?
Richard Bona, Mike Stern, Bob Franceschini and Dave Weckl went in tonight!!!! Pics will be posted soon :)
the hadoop logo is kind of sweet. Get on the rest.
RT : Hipster jury ruled Oracle and Google are lame for using Java.
hey! Happy Birthday. Hope all things are well in Berwyn! See you next month!
holdin the ball to beat the buzzer
we fucking won
John Mayer's on Ellen today ohoho
Thats right I donf have 14 months to wait I meed increase now I luv Obama
you know how I do
Forgot to put coffee in the coffemaker. At least I have hot water for tea. Have a good day peeps!
At the Oregon Symphony in Newberg thanks to Ken!
yes. A phone. Its an Android haha
oh no, is it Tuppie? Sending good thoughts
BTW, how's DC? There's a Legal Sea Foods at Reagan Airport. :)
I meant drive themselves crazy.
That Lil Shit Funny, I Pay It No Mind, I Rather Spend Money, I Dont Have The Time
Always having that one person you can go to for everything >>> thank you for being that one ! Bestfriends for life 👍💙😊
haha oh well 😞
Sleepy-ish but going to Brian's game
Geez, you seem grumpy about the news. Did you sign a contract prohibiting you from saying anything nice about the President?
the swearing in ceremony is at at 430pm today!
Good food, good people makes for a great party. Thanks for stopping by last night.
I was promised a cool pop track? We know you are #Calculating but where is it?
YES thank you RT All PHILLY FANS heavy rain will move out in time for game to be played.. Looks to me game ON!!
Hope it ends well.
I'LL WATCH IT ONLY IF ITS GOOD WHO'S ON TONIGHT'S SHOW
-.- “: Wow, this shit got real outta hand fast. Cmon guys, we're all on the same team here. We have to unite as a ppl.”
Keep the hits coming denver, this beating is awesome!
Ah, stability through baking. has this same self preservation technique. Let me know about the html if needed.
"To be successful, one must take chances." Grow today by leaving your comfort zone.
Everything is becoming lame.
Just a little Easter Tweet! ;) Happy Happy Easter!
Anyone in the Twitterverse have a love of a particular web host? I need one for a personal portfolio site.
Already had 2 great lacrosse meetings this week! Getting excited for the future of the Gold Crown Lacrosse Program!
What's up with the Rock-flavored stations going away? Alternative in Reno, NV ditches the format at noon today.
Such a fabulous event!! We will see everyone there!
Couldn't agree more, in general. But picture one losing to the other, with the winner losing to UNC in FF? I'm an IU fan anyway.
All of you people who rip on James Harrison are jerks. He gives out free jerseys, therefore he's a respectable athlete, IMO.
Day was made - just saw a sorority gal wearing a #nycc sweatshirt.
I put digress jackass.
Came back to the hotel exhausted, dirty, and with a raging fever after visiting Angkor Thom + Phnom Bakheng. It was still amazing!
Thanks! Tweeting about #childhealth, #pediatrics, #meded, & more. Learning & growing always...
Just had a meeting at the office of the state historian for their new site. We got a special VIP tour of their top secret vaults...
sucks! & El_t_i_ch__r is incredibly famous and talented!... April fools!
If you fire JoePa, you should fire McQueary too. McQueary should have called the cops after leaving that locker room in 2002.
Nothing much. Everythang good on yo end?
Cause most are gold diggers RT : Pretty girls be stuck up AF. Why tho? SMH.
#BoyzAreBack lol hope you guys win! :-)
Okay. I'm fine don't worry.
no prob boo
Thanks, Steve! RT : Was very impressed with the other day when I followed 's run.
fox hollow coffee in elkton is legit!
The awkward moment when you’re trying to get over someone you never
When is Prom ?
Funny how people ruin good music .. cheers to rockin out regardless
An online retailer conducts an informal survey on the availability and quality of gift baskets available for puchase in person or online.
Is anyone else having problems with tiling on #HBO on right now? It's ruining
Dead as fauuk up at the gig
What "part of yourself" was Jack and Jill, Adam?
Now following back
looking forward to our certificate x
follow back please?(:
How many consecutive years can Tom Watson receive a standing o at the #masters?
I believe all #professional presentation boards should incorporate googly eyes and have catchy titles that rhyme.
i know hes gonna win eventually but it just bugs me that he thinks hes the king
happy birthday Scott. Hope you're having a great one :) ❤ you're really sweet and awesome c:
I can't believe it! Cowboys have won 3 straight games.
Hahaha you're an IDIOT
ok....i guess ill just stay up all night. Gonna be super HYPER tomorrow!xD
My BIRTHDAY DINNER TOMORROW @ HOOTERS BEHIND WOLFCHASE MALL @ 7!! If you wanna hit the loud b4 we go in , dnt come NO later than 8
ppl are talking like each game won't be close and Boston will sweep us. Our Defense will make this series offensively....
I'll be appearing on a BBC program on the history of tobacco, hosted by Brian Cox.
im so drunk i thought i was ready to hit the eight ball.
The windy city is living up to its name. 30 MPH gusts blowing from left to right at Wrigley. Will be interesting to see the effect that has.
How did you spend your Sunday afternoon? Great time of fellowship with family and friends at the Potawatomi Park!
yeah for 1billion dollars!!....i dnt get y ppl r bitchin like soo wat im sure its still gonna b the same
Lovely choice! The sizes in our Babydoll collection run from 0-16. Have you been physically trying on our dresses?
lol not sure what the second option is exactly but it sounds like a lot more fun :)
pretty sure I just saw you on Dateline
Schools need support from teacher librarians!!
I heard you had a call for local art? Where do we sign up?!
AUSTIN MAHONE FOLLOWED US YESTERDAY! ah lol
Whoa Trampled by Turtles is on the Late Show with Letterman tonight! Congrats!
At the #filmfestival at We're sponsoring a prize!
I am in the process of doing that right now! You know what they say about great minds ;-)
thanks spare ribs it is!
this horny lesbian wants me. uhh.
I got "a" LinkedIn request-game on!
If you are a musician then Island Connex was built with you in mind! We are using the site to promote! Make profile & connect with fans!
Getn the 4 day power pump n at the gym b4 I hit to the 90 degree desert....
dude being interviewed on right now just took them to task and asked that all the political prisoners be freed!
El Sistema and Tune Up Philly on WHYY right now
It's a good thing you're not texting and diving...well, unless your phone is waterproof. ;P
Dear Weather, It isn't a good idea to be hot and humid today. I go to a Catholic school and they only have AC in the office and we suffer
Taco bell :D
Science test today. I'm fucking screwed...
"My Country" by the tune-yards should be the new National Anthem. Or Radiohead's "National Anthem"
Can't wait to see next #Muppetmovie .
I want to have a Death row records picture with all my friends...lol
wait.. am i actually doing homework?
I'll take it! Jk I don't need a man I'll fix this shit myself i go to school to fix cars for fucks sake
Life is wat u make it. If u just sit around then life will just pass u by!!!
Keep calm and dance on.
Don't get me wrong. I know how lucky I am to have my hair color and I love being au natural again. But I do miss my hot pink sometimes. Sigh
The only real conservative at the #SCdebate is
Wats up bout to do some HMWK keep following <3 ya !! XD!!
We got more bounce in california we like to party al the time :) 7days
you need to DM me your info so we can get this shoot rolling finally!
sup? Q
Dr. Ty is in the clinic today.. He is a MD who also has CP!
And considering the VAST Increasing Number of new Catholics Autistic people could bring, I am SHOCKED the Vatican tolerates this
NBC is doing to Community what Joan Fontaine thought Cary Grant was doing to her in "Suspicion". But without being nearly as charming. 📺
it was a global scale..its just globaler now
He's really good at 2B though, just ask the Tigers pitching staff!
I love you more than I love helping homeless people. Get some rest, try not to worry, and call me tomorrow. :) <3
Yup: : Seager is doing a great job tonight. At popping out to infield.
We've wasted enough time in the past and dreamt enough of the future, it's time to live in the present.
for anyone who is trying to reach me, I left my laptop charger in Charlotte.. so I'm unable to do much until I purchase another..
where u @ dude!
Insomnia always comes at the worst possible time. =\
Will this be available to the public soon? Is it something I can write about for a Hispanic Education mag?
Texans win with Titans loss texans win afc south title would Matt hassleback be cridiseid for saying afc south wide open
Beerpong tonight who's down?
Having technical problems with Radio Enso tonight! Not live, but are taping and will upload for listening after 7:15 PDT!
wat happened to U
Yea, I think you're right.
You *are* being satirical, no? Otherwise, you're definitely no "debunker of myths." Judge not....
Welcome to the congregation Anousa! We're excited to have you with us! ~Rev. Joseph
Why hasn't texted me "Happy Mother's Day" I mothered that ho! :(((
Uninformed about what exactly? What do you believe I said is untrue?
Denim on denim and too hot for ya
I cut open everything with 'em. They rule.
sorry T-Mobile
Review and giveaway: Incipio Lexington and Slim Kickstand cases for the new iPad
All this time I thought I was following
I miss having Amazing Accidents; now they're just oh Sh!# moments.... Guess its the natural progression of life.
#imagine you met Austin on the street. A: are you (yn)? you: how could you still remember me? A: i met you a month ago, i cant forget you !
Japanese Pentax users pay quirky homage to the 67 - CNET Asia
another session at the
U're not on point with your own goals you hurt the team around you. Finish the work, bigger than you and me! Prove "lazy" stereotype wrong
All day Happy Hour every day in the lounge. $3.00 taps, $3.50 wells, $3.00 appetizers.
Starting to see a few school delays: OR City 2 hrs late.
is building communities around location based discoveries cc/
#thingsIwantthemost for my family and friends to be happy <3
v. nice.
will find u on a cooler day! Sweating it out in the AC at Legends!
I was really awful last night. I put a lot of pressure on mom's ribs. She woke up crying, but I was pretty comfortable...
My first #PMP Twitter connection 5 Process Groups 9 Knowledge areas 42 Processes...
How are the Yankees fans doing this evening?
hopefully after the summer! Miss us?
Always interesting (if you like SEO): MC Hammer Launching "Deep Search" Engine WireDoo
Your name no longer makes my heart drop.
you trying to lose some money in 2k sam?
Just that B. Marshall is a BEAST!! 170+ rec yds and 4 TDs??W.O.W.
*observes & 's nerdity, and likes it*
#Singers want a healthy energy boost alternative to Starbucks? Purified water w/ lemon + all-natural sweetener (Stevia.) Won't leave gunk.
N'Sync is blasting in the quad. Barnard Spirit Day is ON :)
So.. When is MTV gonna actually show music videos again? Get your shit together..RIF
gas prices sure aren't falling here... $4.17 yesterday
Breakfast with this morning Exciting plans for 09/10 First Night! (via )
outer space hubble
coffee + nutella make for a delicious, if overly sugared, lunch.
We need to stop wasteful spending and we will have the money for the non profit and all other areas
yeah.. until tomorrow!
when you get nailed in the balls...
Great workout. He'd wok will pay off, protein shake, shower and off to the J
QoTD while playing Big Buck Hunter: "you shoot like a vegetarian". It was true.
It only took 2 and a half years.. haha
Well, I'm putting on my favorite pants. I thought you should know.
Tim Thomas commercial just before they talk to the President. Well played
Love never reasons but profusely gives; gives, like a thoughtless prodigal, its all, and trembles lest it has done too little.
Lake Show cancelled tonight due to Thunder storms...
peter parker will be back I think... Just like Superman, and the plethora of other heroes who have died and been resurrected.
Z100 PLAYING CHASING THE SUN IN NY!!!! LOVVVEEEE
SMs who don't have a clear understanding of equity breaks... ugh.
