thanks brother. Come by the office and throw the football around with us one of these days!
Great night of finales ... the wife called her shot with Robin and Barney way back in 2006.
Who should our next Dance Group of the Week be tweeps? wee need suggestions!
yes, thankfully. Especially since Im left handed & it's my left hand that's hurt. Ordinary things are hard to do with one hand.
I've seen the Caines arcade video and think it's amazing, however I can't help but wonder how he felt the next day when sales plummeted
make it happen, promise it will be worth it!
And it's so warm in Pittsburgh that the neighbors are grilling
. Congrats! Well Deserved. We know who is picking up the beer tab from now on ;-)
Breaking the habit of playing too loud was tough. My professor, Danny Gottlieb, helped me refine my touch to the drum set.
#Ashwednesday oops. Already ate a breakfast and have a turkey sandwich packed for lunch. Bad Catholic.
ROBERT! i'm with Robert right nowww^-^
don't try to b all great on social media foo I'm a good dad too hoe
Not at all. It's just around town in L'burg, taking the sidestreets. But it's only been 1 day, maybe in a month or two.
I would love an underdog finals #gopacers!
Minnesota's sexiest dude rite ladies u know wats up
Thursdyas is the new Thursdays
I need a strong lady fuck shawty she not built her weak ways make me wanna snap on her
If you want to get to a Godly woman...seek God & If it's God's will--You will find her!
#astd2012 I think Gen Y has capability to be level 5 leaders
Ensalada y pan de bono, a balanced lunch
Goal setting is easy, is the doing part most people don't do.
yea I took acting classes. 4,000 dollars worth. But I still can't act like a Muslim. Ahah Im bound to slip up and cuss.
check out I got frames from then last year and I love them
While jumping through some ridiculous hoops for work, I heard, on the radio, "She Works Hard for the Money"! You said it Donna Summer!
When they do, tell me....I have no idea what the heck he's doing
Im soo tired but i cant fall asleep :(
Saved #OOMF at the beach and broke into my bigs apartment for him since he was locked out
rt: hey do not worry. You will be grand.
"One person with passion is better than forty people merely interested."
Positive outcomes Only
me too yay
I want a real edit with broken feet and scratched elbowspopped tires, We don't give a fuck.
Android just said to me "tell your mom to get to level 6 so I can invade her" in regards to his Facebook game. It's cute with a smack of sad
This or That? TURKEY or HAM?
really????“: magic Johnson has H.I.V ??? is that true?”
Santorum 2.0 was refreshing, but few in PA forgot 1.0. Race may be interesting.
Thunderstorms inspire great stories. What weather do you prefer whilst writing?
Well thank you Bea! I'll be sure to let her know!
Everyone is talking about each others hoods,,,
YOU can get Sparta kicked
Debby Knox sounds like a porn star name.
YEA LIKE 10PM
Mom, that was good Mac & Cheese pizza! Now back to #wcphilly. Next up, "STop Worrying, Start Publishing." with Anthony Bubel..
Just remember, it goes both ways too!
Just ran out of 4g data on my phone. Have to use granny's wifi or deal with the slowness untuil the 23rd of january.
Mau should follow me because I took the effort to type this tweet.
My People Smoking on a Pack of Noise Complaint
What makes me really laugh is how most of the #ArianaFact things talk about her feet. xD
the one that always stumps me is best English 20c novel. seems many strong competitors, few overwhelming ones.
How come nothing that's in 1000 Island Dressing tastes like it grows on an island?
Nice work, Amy!
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself – George Bernard Shaw.
⌂ Via phone or in person I assume? I always buy online...
Today just hasn't been my day at all. hopefully ill have a fresh start tomorrow..
Comment away. Bastard.
A nice glass of wine helps put a shitty day in perspective
when u arent appreciated ull send anyone to hell
Making our way to Philly to get ready for #ALA_PLA! See you at booth 634 during the show!
SO jealous of you! haha
Lucic is my bash brother
Recent UCLA Film school grad, Olivia Silver, just won the Berlin Film Festival's Crystal Bear for her feature, Arcadia.
Good thing didn't show me Tiny Tower earlier or there would have been no
We had a great day at Imagine RIT and found some new friends
can't help but RT this “: At dinner with (who looks gorgeous btw) and friends”
Friday the 13th just got a bit spookier this month. Due to some delays in mastering we have to push back our release date to 4.13.12.
hey lovely girl! It's Katelyn! LOVE your beach photo shoot and the pix with the bike! Classic and gorgeous! ;-)
I don't care what anyone says I listen to masquerade by nicki minaj everyday! Motivates me
Adios Jose. Thanks for the memories. Anyone know what Raffy Santana is doing these days?
Fml I gotta make up the damn EOC -.-
If you heard the interview this morning on KHFM please like this post. "Spanish Room" tickets are on sale now !
Listen, Mr. Kansas Law Dog, law don't go round here.
As you never know when you might need this service, it's a useful one to bear in mind
I will be at the #Skillpath Social Media Marketing Conference tomorrow in NYC at the Pennsylvania Hotel. Anyone else?
Talking does not make you smarter; Listening does.
Wendys lemonade is amazing.
You did amazing! You should've stayed! You were my fav! #TeamDrew !
I think the girl with the purple hair is drunk.
Don't miss out on the Friends of the Library Better Book Sale this Saturday 10-2 @ OCC Library!
your lurking is so very.
She said she not mad... hahaha
Striving for #socialbusiness? Imagine what it wld b like if ur customers were always on site w/ u.Extreme, but imagine how u'd change
Guy in front of me at Frankie's order is over $70...
Thank YOU for the awesome high energy show!Special thanks for the moment of silence for our lost loved ones.
Out of control! Reloaded, Supserstar, Vanity!! Vanity is one of my favorites. Nothing on but the Radio. and Animal
Off to Drupal 101- come see a preview of the new Drupal site! #ala11 Marriott at the Convention Center 10:30
ugh right. i keep telling y'all Soy Cubano.
Just heard of app called Stylitics... "a tracking tool for your clothes closet!" anyone heard of it or used it before?
Yup MT : I've always disliked print ads.
I had a lot in Montreal that I really didn't care for.
Yea, I love that ass to death; but ain't no second chances....
Bored af and we on silent lunch
So tired.
You make my little heart feel a bit less small today.
I'm illegally in school because I'm too sick and I'm going to make everyone in school sick according to Bridget.
I have to do a presentation at an elementary school. Goin to demonstrate how to properly brush and floss to a 5th grade class
were u from ma
People who eat chocolate 3 times a month will live almost a year longer than those who eat more or less of it.
Be helpful. When you see a person without a smile, give him yours. ~ Zig Ziglar
who's that Ariel girl you told me about ?(:
Dear guy complaining that MPD closed Water St: not really. it was the hundreds of people who were walking in the middle of the road.
so wish us luck. We hope to bring you a book and video game this year!!
Tomorrow night is sexy dress night! I hope the ladies stick to the theme! lmao
Great--thanks!
45 and counting... All this damage isn't getting old. :)
Thx Gail, will u be in town on 5/9? We’d love 2 share your talk "Sustaining Chicago as a Premium City" w leaders from 100+ orgs
wait sorry, got confused for a second there! I think we're the only ones who didn't get to talk to him haha
no we don't want wreckfest. Just miss the beating and banging of a 1 groove race track like Bristol use to be.
#Limo & Limo Buses going to the #MichaelBuble concert tonight at the #Consol in #Pittsburgh. Great option taking a limo is for a
I give props to whoever looks good in a picture with flash.
Judging from the shards of glass stuck in the ceiling it would appear that there is more sugar in a cup of honey than in a cup of sugar
#Mexico :D
Faster client is with sending materials & decisions, the faster we can create the website. Client signed on today & already sent materials!
Lookin forward to seeing ya'all Sat night for Jessica's Event! Rock the HOUSE! XoXo
What goes in your mind comes out in your doings and that makes up your reality what are you eating?
I agree with on everything except the adorable ears part!!! I'm a guy remember!!!
The BEST part of high school tho that doesnt happen now is opening your locker and there being a nice note from a crush you liked as well <3
Yes, it's hard to accept the randomness of bad situations, but think about it...when isn't pirate booty cursed?
too bad Flints not around!
Heard some of the Republican debate last night and yearned for the day when pandering was subtler.
Cannot believe I did that again.
The San Diego Democratic Women's Club just voted to endorse me for Judge. Yeah!!!
wow, exito con eso. i hope time flies for ya
RT : The reason a lot of ppl don’t find or create work that they luv is fear, of course. Fear of failure & fear of the unknown.
All of my "art" in Draw Something looks like something done by a kindergartener, a serial killer, or a kindergarten-age serial killer.
Just really need to talk to my bestfriend about sumthings....
I wanna see
“: To become a bigger person, walk into a bigger vision.”
Thanks. Hopefully when I move it will be better.
That Damn macadelic mac miller mixtape ain't bad
Rough start to a new year, keeping my head up for a better start
That said, HE TOTALLY RECOGNIZED HER. But he lurves her ma too much to rat her out I bet.
nice. She's not even on Twitter to defend herself.
ok great!! :) I'm excited for you let me know if you need help
You'll get up on your feet in no time!
Updated my phone today, everything changed
Who knew we'd end up like this
2nd dept. Judge Emmett honors is Fire Marshall.
*wears a whistle, listens more, mot hearing voices. Heads to kitchen, calling out softly*hello hello?
Maybe the correct thing is: let you go... But sorry ! I never do correct things, I always commit the opposite, I prefer that...
Another Adam Sandler movie?! Yes, please!
Malik knows me too well. :)
Who hasn't studied for any AP tests yet?... that would be me
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I desperately tried to get any of my idols to notice me... Wait.. I still do that. AND LIKE A BOSS! ;D
No kidding
our new lovely followers! :)
Shep's talking Tigers. Why the struggles & an ESPN article suggests there could be long term trouble in Tiger Town. 248.848.1130, Call Shep!
This! {RT : cincinnati is pretty awesome. ;)
four days until my birthday trip with !
in London at the DCMI Bibliographic Metadata Task Group meetings... just getting started now...
Lol. You sure know how to make an old girl feel good. Bless you.
Last Call #happymothersday tweet moms
Well the high road is the classy route and more satisfying in the long run
Melanie..she's amazing and I love her but I love and more! #watchingre-runs of their songs all day!
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
- Welcome! I like your website! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
I Don't Understand Why People Hate Picking Out What To Wear For School . I Think It's Fun.(:♥
Just saw a dog wearing mini sunglasses. Amazing.
Every fucking day dude.
you crack me up!
*ahem* I can be that significant other lol
lol i see it all the time on my tl it drives me crazy!!
what's the change ? Spring ?
I obviously know that. I'm just throwing out random trivia like you said.
I'm everyone - and no one. Everywhere - nowhere. Call me...
In Richmond sharing the Live Baltimore message!
Twitter + email seems like good news. If you think about, most social sites use email as a major way to inform & keep people coming back
just got a picture of you and three other guys showing support on tank tops - looking for an interview about it, anonymous or not
Dear Noir G mascara I was never happy wearing 1 mascara until you came along!
Yes... RT : Do you consider it rude when people ask how much something you own costs?
LOL. except your on twitter hehe. n.n
Right, I'm just surprised they're writing about this as if it is a new thing. It's not. You know this.
just pretend it's on the Wii - you rock at that.
I'm so sorry u were eliminated! I've been voting for u all season! You're certainly a joy to watch. Thank you for dancing!
I got a 67!? I BET THIS TWEET WILL RAISE MY SCORE! CAPS LOCK!?!?!?
Anything sweet in those boxes? or are they just boxes?
How about "One Nematode at a Time"? Or "The Mushroom Show"? <-- I'd watch that each week!
Heading into the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
wait. What? What??
7 Daniel Sims Sites
ick, sry to hear that! After initial install it didn't mess with anything on my taskbar, fortunately. Will be on web soon ;)
Serious question for #Twins fans, is the 2012 season what the 1990s were like? I was too young to really recall what it was like
Don't think so. I never saw one.
--_-- at the typo on my name smfh.
#CERAWEEK all the video will be on ceraweek on demand
You said you were criticizing him for making the correct decision. I disagreed, and asked a question. We can agree to disagree
he was in the hospital and they gave him days do live so we waiting on the call and we comming
drunk or very drunk ?????
checkoutmusic at youtube,facebook,google,,etc...
Lights are still on:)
I think that's awesome!!! Even though idk what your talking about, sorry to bother
Thanks to growing up with Mexican neighbors, I have a tendency to randomly start humming tuba bass lines
Meet our staff! RT : [...] Which part? Cuz like my tongue is always horizontal.
Much success Jeff. I'm looking fwd to the sophomore album.
Love the music video guys keep up the awesome work! :)
Dead hookers, schweaty balls, weddings, red penis candle, monkey bread, silk ropes, clamps, car battery & flying geese laughter= GR8 Nite!
that is
Raiders to interview former Lions coach Marty Mornhinweg.
cute touch!
Do you want to have BREAKFAST WITH SANTA? Well we have tickets! 410-752-2462 x221. (we also have Snack/Story/Train Ride with Santa!)
Local Mom Turns Into An Antelope Overnight -- Dermatologists HATE Her
looks like you had a fun time! :)
Gotta give props to the Caps on a great run, turned many into fans.
yes PLEASE! RT : MINT Mapping Editor...Please put this under the tree for me this Christmas!
By the way, I am not much taller than you, or did it escape your notice.
But do you think it will be the last?
That's a good idea. I haven't been since the week or two after they opened.
where y'all go?
You are so fake... I'm pretty sure I saw "Made in China" stamped on your neck.
Latin Ramblas West,the piano improvisation fttp://www.myspace.com/ntamburrino/music/songs/latin-ramblas-west-66574864 via
Every habit I have is bad.
You're right. Tough call. First I'd like to see Andy pitch a really solid Triple A game just to make sure he's ready
haha we don't have one? simple as that!
I know it's been months, but WHEN are we meeting on Skype again? lol, I promise to be on this time!
It's already 9?!?? I thought it was 7>.<
A new tool will not change the face of a culture. I think #Storyline's intuitive UI will aid in "better" courses.
I would pay money to get better at napping.
well deserved???? really!!!!
Uggh i feel sick but i HAVE to go to school
You know how im going to Newyork even if I cant get in.. Do you think ill still be able to see austin if Im outside?
bring it tomorrow foe
Happy Bday! Today is your day lil mama!
Just remember that the tough get going when the going gets tough.
Was chokeslamming H one of your prouder moments in WWE? Always loved when they let you use it.
It feels weird wearing dress clothes again after two weeks of travel
I have knocked out two deadlines in the last 16 hours. Let's see if I can get a new comic posted today too.
Good luck against the Celtics! Go Knicks!
basically, been waiting 8 years hahaha
thank YOU sir! Great job this weekend!
Group # == problem # on sheet
I'd never be on a reality show, but only because I wouldn't want my mom to see the faces I make when I'm talking to her on the phone
got two interviews today :') hopefully i get employed! *crossed fingers*
jealous :D
she's got to be bangin!!
Heading to teach this a.m. Can you help my students by naming the first woman to ever run for U.S. President?
Pyre is just about finished y'all personally my favorite song yet. - Zack
to try and validate yourself with words to the world.
I AM ROCKING THIS SONG. 1:10am. Wide awake. Not. I'm super tired.
hahahaaa You So funny !!
What a great team that was! They are doing a kick ass dinner with the whole team!
#FF Team Live Blog for 's 2012 #WOMCC! Good times yesterday, Team!
Curious to hear what you think of Foxy man. Have fun.
Thanks a mil!
If only Windows were like Cary Grant - ZDNet UK (blog)
Social media is how I make a living, how I've found true love, and faith. It's also caused me grief to no end.
I knew the Bulls was gone come back home and show they ass Melo had a great game yesterday thats the only reason they won
I should open up a JJ's Chicken and Fish in
When was the last time you got a dental exam?
Trayvon Martin case (Blow in NYtimes ) breaks my heart! One more reason we need music: build bridges between people, lessen fear of unknown!
I bet most don't break the rule. Second half of the rule explains how it can be a diphthong, but that gets forgotten.
sent me!(: oh yeah...and I followed you(:
ur beautiful smile ;-)
This Thursday, #Fridays is the place to be! Kick your weekend off early with $5 LITs & half-priced #appetizers from 4-7pm! See you there :)
anyone else born on leap year?
Damn damn damn!! That kicker costs us that game!!
get a room she wants to 69
It was effing hilar (hot tub time machine) or the art museum was bomb ( i dont remember what i was talking about) haha
you said it I never did regents befor so now I gotta catch up what I missed :(
Hey Village of Wauwatosa, never mind the phone call from our neighbors, we finally got a new lawn mower.
goes to the clippers? Where good players go to die. It's been real. If anyone can turn it around its cp3...until stern changes his mind
Thanks! See you at the parade!
dam u bout as sexy as they come
I wondered why the woman on the train was being such an asshole and standing on top of me, but then I heard Creed coming from her headph ...
in MIA enjoying memorial day weekend
Congrats on feature! You're getting pretty famous. :-D
What a pretty day this has been 80 degrees sunny did some yard work and set a dish out in the yard so the birdies could get a drink of water
Nothing is quite as stressful as the mall parking lot.
Happy national no pants day... Haha
Today is the first official day of spring. Spring is season to plant seeds for your harvest! What kind of seeds are you planting?
Apple is genius; they've made the world think tablets are a new technology or something, now people are actually coding for the form factor
was that a les mis reference on twitter?
#Fancy, don't let me down. :o)
#Monday Morning #Trivia: What Pulitzer Prize winning playwright was married to Marilyn Monroe?
I'll try not to take that personally...
Is that a Paris Review beach towel? Tres chic!
Thanks! Your right! I had no idea, the last time I was on twitter before yesterday was months ago!
I miss u more babe I'm sad today :-( I love u baby
definitely at least give python a try.
What if they are? (Mine typically aren't, but what if they were?)
tell mama mahone i love her!!! :)
The Facebook $FB IPO is gonna be insane. I'm bringing popcorn.
I got another niggas bitch with me & I'm falling fo her yes I'm falling fo her '
A little midnight oil burnt.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Grass fire has right lane I-39 SB near MM 160 at Edgerton closed. Reduced visability, use caution.
Rip emma eklund when I herd about that shit a nigga froze
there's only 4 people here come say hi
1st day of school tomorrow Less traffic due to less students. Would rather have hellish traffic than students turned away. Sad.
Had $20 off to use and couldn't find one pair I loved enough to buy :\ Maybe tomorrow? ;)
Mrs. Romania: Challenge accepted.
Maybe you'll finally be accepted into Hogwarts now!
Where my peeps at
if you were wondering, I have no relation to that I know of...
En Route to Michigan.
Follow Or Eat A Brick.
Thanks for the follow. What is your books about?
I need to get into holiday spirit #ChristmasVacation should do the trick
Making mom take the Enneagram test, after and I waxed on about Twos and Sixes for a half hour.
both renewed
little bit of devil in those angel eyes
Let the Academy Awards begin! #oscars #academyawards #billycrystal #film #win!! #congratulations!!
#thoughtsduringschool I wonder what's new on twitter..
Never test for an error you don't know how to handle
Where are my Vikings at? I'm ready to let loose the dogs of war!
Good thing #celtics get to rest all the way til tomorrow while #Heat are rushed back into action Sun after clinching Wed
The Orioles might be...good?
Just updated the Workshops! THANK YOU!! I knew there was one I left out!!!
“Let us send a message to government. NO MORE standing for empty promises. NO MORE backdoor deals. NO MORE wasteful spending. NOT...
You're welcome! :)
Thanks for tagging me--keep doing it! You're quite the writer. I'm seeing a book in your future.
major bummer. is having a server issue and my site is now down. glad to know it's not something on my end.
Thanks to Tyra Banks I can tell people I wasn't a pissed off pre-pubescent in my middle school pictures, I was just "smiling with my eyes."
Corey Taylor's book is the most insightful thing I have ever had the pleasure to read in my life.
#EMAC students: Capstone presentations are moved to EMAC classroom CB3 1.306. Still at 5 pm. Tomorrow (Tuesday).
Love is not what the mind thinks, but what the heart feels.
was good nigggaaahhh
#ThingsMyExsaid I thought we had somethin special..
People now a days just judge you -____-
sending positive vibes your way buddy
At the I will cheer for , my favorite tennis player
When I get a kitty, (cough, cough ) I think I'm going to name it after my first cat ever, Sparkle Bows Sparkles. Even if it's a boy.
there's a time in our life when we have to move on.
Thank you, Trip! Sorry again to have missed you on your recent trip. Let's get together soon.
everybody follows Clay Matthews
people are dumb so shows like Tosh .O and caught on tape. Plus stupid people make people like us feel better about life..
Nice! Nosh is a tasty place.
Devil's advocate speaking here: Were you OK with Russell Wilson breaking his commitment to NC State?
A Checklist for Throwing an Amazing Party by Jay Ashbury
i let my mind fuck everything up.
I see you walking past my class like you own the place.
Yes! I'm freaking out & don't know what to do with my hands, but YES! Email me anything you want me to ask- my head is spinnin
your actually really pretty
Goin to the museum tomorrow :-)
makin it happen.. Let's go....
#onceagain sorry #twitterboo I haven't been on, I've been busy but when I do get on I always have to give you a #shoutout :)
Can't wait to read about all the other things you missed about ABQ!
NO. YOU CANNOT INSTALL TRAFFIC LIGHTS IN A ROTARY. THAT DEFEATS THE PURPOSE OF THE ROTARY.
Bielema on Chase Hammond: 'he's battled back. He got a little tougher this spring. He has a lot of good football ahead of him."
I think this little taste of summer weather just fucked up my productive streak. Dammit.
thanks for teach d kid something new lol🙏
Happy New Years to you all and Cheers!
RT of you have a twitter
He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
I hope one day I get famous enough to be stalked by a sexual deviant. A girl can dream.
How you do anything is how you do everything, says Does that mean it's a good thing i cleaned my house last night?
"In life, most of us are highly skilled at suppressing action" Lesson of letting go is that we constrain our own creativity
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
glad you came in my pants....LOL
JUST REMEMBERING THEM JAMS BIG MOE DID.REDOS OF NATE'S " JUST A DOG" AND "TRYING TO LEAVE DRANK ALONE".R.I.P TO BOTH OF THEM BOYS.
OPEN #CASTING CALL for all #actress' between ages 25-45 for new #TV series set to be shot in #YYC + Internationally. Contact for more info!
Excited. I'll be presenting my research on social media policies at the ISTR conference in Italy this summer.
Enjoying the subtle thrill of a slowly deflating air matress.
Why hello there how was your day? I hope that it was better then mine Cu's I'm not feeling to good):
LeBron James has apparently taken his talents to South Park.
And that's how you get suspended from work. At last it was worth it! :) Fiiyurrrrrr!
its makes since to me now too....kept getting dms about a pic and I hadn't been on twitter all day
Craziest game ever.
did you frame your students' first assignment as a rhetorical analysis?
Carnival Time = Calories. Eliminate one indulgence per parade. It can save tons of calories!
Good seeing you tonight sorry I wasn't able to introduce you to the wifey. Anyways you throw 1 helluva party!
don't wish it away :) one day you will miss it ! Like when u r grown and paying taxes and buying groceries and wiping kid butts
Very excited to reunite tonight with ms for some much needed drinks and music masterminding!!!
Beautiful fall day in Wisconsin.
Rain likely overnight into Tuesday and we may even have a few thunderstorms... and the warmer temps won't stick around long.
Fun. - Out On The Town
Ich mache 'Pink Turns Blue' - "if two worlds kiss". Kennst du? (Practicing my German. It's a little rough.) Great album!
Sex is a healthy way of relieving stress...
Hey , if I just started coming down to metro and picking up and trying to fix up the area can I have a building?
my poor fiance doesn't know what to do with me. I'm fine, I'm fine, I burst into tears...
If they go do what they do they will be fine can't be nervous
I reaaaalllllllllyyyy want to go to Bamboozle ):
##FF Hello west coast: best improv group blog ever!
Thanks to everyone who show me love yesterday...
WX fact: Meteorologists are used in all different fields such as banking, insurance, commodity trading, renewable resources, & utility comp
looking forward to tonight's concert
just let everyone know to RSVP! Thanks! And if you're ever in dc, let me know!
well, I find Simon's behavior to be unsettling. The fact that Alex defends it, is even worse !
Congrats to our new Miss America, #misswisconsin Laura Kaeppeler!!
okay! I'm sending a few of my doc students your way!
yea what she said Lolz
actually i'm gonna eat something too. brb
make my money
same here
Recording and editing a new song tonight. Almost finished!
Interning at a film company called Harbor Picture Company
I had a dream you were prego !!!! and hey . . . you looked kinda cute !
Study abroad advice from IEM Intern Lauren," Pack what you think you need for a semester abroad, then cut it in half."
everyone in the music business is not standing by waiting for your works, but very well may be inspired, blessed by them
Big show at Sky Church on September 20th to honor
we're most likely going to the same party. cant wait doe!
Was just next to on the subway, and was too afraid to say that I enjoyed his book.
got me HOOKED! On LOST! :-)
already did lmao
Productive morning, almost time for some lunch.
Ill text you .. but it not bout you .. U know i love you :) and u didnt asnwer my call ! : (
Being a pro-big-business politician now is like seeing seagulls feed on a beached whale and rooting for the seagulls.
's new album #Amaryllis is brilliant. and the boys knocked this one out of the park. LOVE IT!
The suspense is killing me...
I can't wait to have my ribs
need to turn the game around.
Congratulations Russ!
#FF Jim Crail Progressive Democratic candidate #Wisconsin Assembly in District #wi55 #Wiunion Keep his name in front twitter.
Saw & was blown away by #IAmMyOwnWife on Wednesday night. Fantastic show, thank you so much!
": My team so HAWT right now im ready to devote all my time to it to see the dream become REALITY "
Great job today girls!!!!
If there is anyone out there with some sort of radio brodcast via internet of tonights match, please let me know.
that's actually one of he things my BC discussed. She wasn't as well developed as she should have been for 3 very long books.
funny thing is I was actually talking about you.
Internet Marketing Ninjas Celebrates 13th Anniversary with Trip to Las Vegas
umm noo...i thought we decided on that ur WICKED AMAZING! ahah :)
oh yeah I'm all about simple, I just think they're going for attention, whether good or bad.
Summer associates to be: Remember senior lawyers do not want to see your work until it's your best. No "drafts"
Event Alert: Tonight's! Evolution Jam Session will be one to remember! Curtis Brothers X Strickland Brothers
not bad! it's friday!!
Guess I'll hang out to tonight ... NOW with who!!
Can't.stop.coughing.
The Whole Series, Or Tonight's Game? RT : I got the clippers for 20
At this point for the #Rangers it's just batting practice.
Would you trade Roy Hibbert for Tony Parker? Appreciate the advice
Had a few productive meetings with clients
TA LOCO, EL GEORGE :)
I'll ask him to come over whenever we hangout!
I'm so sad that the #RedSox season is over. How many days until opening day??
Thanks. You too, Rhonda.
They say the first time ain't the greatest, but I tell ya if I had the chance 2 do it all again. I wouldn't change a stroke cause baby I'm .
legacy cloud = fart
Is that lobster tail? Looks incredible.
So glad you didn't hurt the book. It's not the poor book's fault. It has feelings, you know! ;-)
I love more than Ralphie. Don't tell
#hawks are up and down, up and down. lose to the #pacers tonite 96-84.
Mad Men season 2 on DVD can't wait! On sale tomorrow. High fashion and flawless skin. Get your complexion smooth with Skintastic.com
Its like guys want a good girl to be bad just for them & girls want a bad boy to be good just for them.
FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT FOR MY 2.790 FOLLOWERS.. LEST GO
If you were gold or silver heels your a fucking huge chonga its really not cute .
i always needs me some fresh fy ass talent to join the team dont slip atlanta dog records is bout to blow up 50/50 splits folk
4 Non Blondes - What's Up? RT : What is your favorite one-hit wonder of all TIME?
aren't you guys special
CongraDDulations! A graDDuate with pretty nails & DD coffee....you've got the look down!
hey, I've been an avid follower for the past four+ years. Hit me up when you're in LA.
dang! Stingy people!!
not for Ramses Barden ha : Good-luck pizzas from Umbertos on LI on a plane right now to feed the Giants after practice
Contemplating bock beers for an article for - an exciting new magazine about food and beer!
"What you learn, you teach: what you get, you give."
I swear I had something clever to say...hell if I can remember what it was though.
your name Definately Describes you :) Whatup gorgeous?
I think everyone should follow them too THEY ARE AWSOME!!!
If you want truly to understand something, try to change it.
I luv VICTORIOUS, :-) PLEASE S/O ME
Such a nice day outside! Sure am glad I have class and work until 5!
“Mst things in life R moments of pleasure & a lifetime of embarrassment; photos R a moment of embarrssment & a lifetime of pleasure.” - T.B.
I want an Iphone so bad!! But I need a job first -.-
you sure you weren't hearing this chick behinds me music? Its so bad...
On the way back to cbus.
My son is okay, although he lost his entire colon, so he needs a feeding tube. Otherwise you'd never know!
It's not fair to blame one person for this. I blame all the republicans! LOL
#youknowwhatannoysme When you text me, and then never reply to any of my texts.
Easy reading is damn hard writing. ~Nathaniel Hawthorne
Webinar? But aren't you here at the Salt Palace?
Congratulations! Have a great day of celebrating your hard work! Blessings sent from another grad. Go GRIZ.
RT : When I get cable I want to see what First 48 is about.<<<lmmfao...hell naaa.....
lie. i love you.
OMG weird
look at my recently added photos to see phone. EMP is the experience music project. They have a sci-fi museum.
idk if you noticed, but ALWAYS looks stunning! Your beautiful Alli :)
Today in 1946 the NL pennant ended in a tie for the 1st time (#Brooklyn and #StLouis).
Friday or Sunday is fine by me
Shout out for shout out anyone? :)
Recouping from strep throat
Are you getting these? I'm gonna try to post a picture of River on my site to see if it works....
all is well, whats good with you?
": God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. 'Yes!' 2. 'Not yet.' 3. 'I have something better in mind."
I'm coming there in July
love ya too! :)
I pray it's a productive morning!!!;)
remember this nuggetron?
#InAppropriateFuneralSongs - Highway To Hell
steal shiny sand, 9th gr world hist. ss responding 2 rfp 2 time travel + steal gold from early african civs via presentation
Oh, so you like a guy named Louis, but not my Louis Tomlinson? Why didn't you tell me?! WHO IS HE.
Take the red pill.
I don't know what too say….
It was all our pleasure, many more good things to come and we shall lift each other up as women into the stratosphere!
Trick or Treat Tonight!!! with the world famous DJ CUT spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB! Drink specials all night long !
After last night's W, heading back to Indy w/ that win can bring a lot of confidence, but Miami always plays great in our house.
Hoosiers! Dropped cash on street and multiple people stopped to pick it up and find owner....ME! Thank you!
Oh jeez really?! That sounds awfully terrible! well, we'll just have to chill on weekends then. how long does it go 'til?!
So the ren fest in RENO was cancelled? weird, but I had an awesome day in Reno instead! :-) love charlotte Russe!
Their favorites will tell you a lot about someone.
RT : Getting ready to record #TheToolBar with and What does one drink...? < Looking for suggestions?
Haddon has a Twitter? HADDON HAS A TWITTER. HADDON. HAS. A. TWITTER. *happygasp*
Got back from Beverly Hills. Great opening. So many turned out if was hard to get through the gallery.
Whaat do you think of the convegence of IT & physical security?
Rome wasnt built in one day
Wake up gotta get this cake up while im out here chasin my dream......
Almost done work then quick workout getting dinner ready #AMhorror tonight!
Im so ready for Vegas!!
Bid girls at Tavern Uptown handing out Buds! Now!
its not that hard .. just follow ME ! (;
hey, thank you so much for the #FF!
you should know I'm all about the accessories! A great mug makes a good latte awesome.
Matt is right. This is no replacement for Skype. Different use case - different service.
HOLYSHET. kaela and i have the same name, and our moms have the same name. OMG WUT?! both names are spelled differently doe. MIND FUCKED.
I feel like van Gelder from "Dagger of the Mind".
My work's St. Pat's Eve party is Friday... could you guys do Sat even though that's the big holiday?
"my freshman yaaarrr...I wrote a fialm on sex addiction...."
awww you look like a doll
Its magic. With a small m. ": Love our writers: "
I sat up front yesterday at #barcamporlando #brevard needs a social event! We have 30 web devs looking for jobs.
why do car dealerships have balloons? do I get a free balloon with a car purchase? what does a balloon cost these days?
Textually Transmitted Diseases cannot be cured! Use protection!
Going to a $10 #blackjack table with only $20 to your name? Don't be that guy!
Right on!
#RONALDO sick with it, let's go
you caught me on a bad day I get money by the bag
lemon juice? Interesting. I was in Dublin last spring after covering the Royal Wedding in London. Wish I would have known that
Ha! She totally did! ;-) And now she won't share her secrets to staying up late (bc she rarely drinks caffeine). Mean!
Our #BeatTheStreak picks are: Holliday (STL), Cabrera (DET), Choo (CLE), and Martin of the #Yankees! Who did you pick for today?
In a mood. Saying what's on my mind. Don't give aa fuck if I hurt feelings or not.
Prof: "Anyone seen GCB? It stands for Good Christian Bitches. You've all met some." Lol, truth.
-Guess who! :D
I wish I could rap . Or sing . Singing is cool too . But id rather rap .
We are searching for a Male co-host for the AxeOff USA competition. For more info log on to www.AxeOffUSA.com
D: oh my gosh i dont really know what that is but it doesnt sound good
Joel Osteen betta follow back n I'm not playin wit him! Hmmp! What would Jesus do? Lol
The president supports same sex marriage because his wife looks like a male horse.
Well I was thinking showbiz-ersatz, but in a setting w/ time machines, sure, why not?
Going to hear my former student play in the final round of a concerto competition
There is a difference from loving someone and being in love with someone. I loved people but I've never been in love with someone..until now
did you take Japanese there?
I'm prolly the darkest person alive right now
RT "Whatever you believe as coach, it's about how you sell it to your team." - Van Gundy
A jewel-studded mango? Are you for real?
I am still in laser lights after night in Rasputin. I was being possessed by music and festivity.
LOL. TEXT ME BACK.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. - Confucius
Kinda like your dwindling intellect.
do you sleep?
cool. who are you gonna play for?
I love reading comments on sites like Last.fm. There are people just now finding out about The White Stripes.
If it's true that Sandusky went on recruiting trips last year on behalf of Penn St you can put a fork in the football program.
Thanks ! That greek frozen yogurt was delicious!! and agree! OPA!!
BTW- congratulations on graduation!!
boy you a fool for that video,"I got bronchitis I got bronchitis,ain't nobody got time for that"😂😂😂😂😂
it would have to- anything else would be unconscionable
So I had McDonalds and Wendy's today...they don't call me the #DietKiller for nothing.
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day. Special thanks to my 8th grade English teacher Mrs Blackmer and WHS journalism teacher Mrs McKee
congrats bro.
Best fish fry in Green Bay? Bringing friends from D.C. for New Orleans game.
It is illegal to water a garden in the rain in Montreal Canada
I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks.
Nice!! Just booked my trip!! RT “: Rapping up another fantastic #Curacao trip!! Thanks to the for everything...
On my way to my favorite public place: Barnes and nobles with a starbucks! Study time
bwahahahahah.....sounds like fun to me....lol
mixing dry yeast in with the other dry ingredients is a bad idea
A man deserves a second chance, but keep an eye on him. ~ John Wayne
#TwSIG you can block abusers and spammers. You can also report them.
Hello everyone in Orlando! We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Arnold Palmers are THE BEST!!!!
parking is comped for play correct?
Wish I coukd of went to the Obama rally
enjoy your lunch and the market!
we can get it goin, dm me ya contact info n we can rap about it
Irsay is colorful and weird.
Well it's gloomy and crappy out, if your weather is anything like here so I'm sure it's hard to get motivated! Enjoy your show!
Sounds like fun :-)
1 inch hail reported 6 miles east of Dawson.
LAME NIGGAZ B QUITE
windows 8 and mobile looks good to create more competition but I don't think I'll be going back to use it for primary use.
Hey all you Denver sports fans, how about that finish?? Congrats to the Denver Broncos
“: Is Rashad dating a tennis player?”yes. Her name is Monica seles. He stabbed her in an attempt to flirt
Acoustic show at the new hazlett theater in Pittsburgh Friday!
“: Shoot... I've been keeping the wrong persons score all day... #collegegolfproblems” all you girl
off to laughlin till friday =) *->BaByDoLL<-*
LOL I can just see that he is about to say something really funny LOL GOOD LUCK
Going to continue my weekend of #Milwaukee fun & amazing food by heading to before they close this am!
RT Woke up 2 hours late. Very grateful for a connected workplace. I actually logged in and started working 30 mins early.
Metal roof special!!! 12% off all new metal roofs. Call Today 305-910-7388
that's cuz you were being greedy. Lol
You should know better!
Spent the morning shopping for bedding for Bubbles new "big girl" bed. Have lots to show you soon!
Finally Friday! No better place 2 B than w/ me ,,,
instead of anti-bullying laws maybe we should work on not having so many pussies
When your 2 primary ball handlers are JR Smith & B. Davis you won't win most games
Oh! It's the STRIPPER'S glitter. That's cool.
#thingspeopleshouldnotdo tell your boss that you think he is a tool
had a successful day g'saling.
where at???
Just got home from newnan :) hung out all day with my wonderful grandma :P
Thanks (: what ever color gets chosen the most i will get :D
Heading to the Indians baseball game this evening....
hey what's up, Pimp!
Awesome awesome awesome view in DC. Just saw the Shuttle discovery being paraded in the DC skies.
Back-to-back threes for Mickael Pietrus. Think he's found a groove?
: where on earth is tho -- Just made it hm boo from LAST NiTe...Smh...W0W ! Wat A Adventure !!
Thanks for returning my follow!
Just heard DanceOn CEO interviewed as part of the new YouTube channels. Awesome stuff!
Tell stories by MAGIC: Motivate your Audience with Goals, being Interactive and provide Content
Watch stream of senate in recess or turn on on ...well duh!!!
not bad gotta get big...bigger for the summer again
Katz, it is a beautiful day in Fort Worth. How many of you have tried our new vegetarian plate? Keith
Every year partners with for The Christmas Angels program. Stop by to get your angel. Thank you.
i must go to 's NYC show <33
what, it has an article about 's summer? Man, that guy is everywhere.
It's Thursday night at Grand in Stamford, CT with DJ Michael Fusco! I'm spinning from 10PM -1AM! No cover, 15 Bank Street Stamford, CT!
#uword the right attitude in the church
“ When a girl falls asleep texting you, it doesn't mean you bore her. It just means she didn't want to end the conversation.”
thank you... You too Right back at ya ;)
i saw u guys! LIVE! u were jumping up and down wen they anouced the boyz and after they finished dancing!
thanks! I'm hoping to get some celebs to join me. By the easy it's not just me. Read the description :)
DeGioia: "Georgetown's new science building to be named 'Regents Hall' "
#ff keeping not a damn thing in "the cloud" and just buying some external HD's. Suckers. Giving your data away.
Had so much fun in Newport Beach today=] Yachting, kayaking and having fun with good friends...
But if they Loos I will be elated!!
says that when she wasn't consistently commenting on her students' blog posts, they stopped putting in as much effort
So true Stacy! Have a great day!
RT : friends in the press -Are you coming to Media Day? Hashtag your team allegiance & we'll pin you when you're here.
Notre Dame's women's coach really said Griner was like a man playing against women? Wow.
haha welcome buddy(:
Buenos Dias a todos / Good morning everyone! Happy Friday! :-)
I hate this town, it's so washed up and all my friends don't give a fuck. -ADTR
The Celebrity Apprentice finale would've been infinitely better with and going head to head. Period.
I bet that Super Bowl ring also helped!
... A beautiful looking gallery space to exhibit some exquisite examples of Frank Stella's early work. Wonderful share!
Happy Easter, Happy Passover, Happy Peeps, Happy Spring!
Shamanic Tantra is amazing and I have only been studying it for a couple of months. Big shifts in my sexuality/sensuality
Tonight beginning at 7 PM, the Modern Poetry Reading with featured poet R. B. Horsley. Bring your own or bring your favorite.
Also, Abel brought of the beginnings of his innocence and the potential thereof. Now Jehovah respected Abel's offering.
are you trying to steal my woman...? She'll do anything for frozen dessert...
I'm right there if you get lonely
Up side to cloud discovery layer is that it off-loads some work of of it. Except for FLP it likely would not.
Ray Allen is such an underrated defensive player.
The vikings pick is lame. Who are the Vikings protecting? Get a qb then draft a tackle.
What does Guerrilla marketing mean to you?
Does that make him Meriweather Light? RT MattSpiegel670: Wright whiff.
I get 2 see my sexy baby tomorrow:)
#icantstandpeople who don't fix their hair. .. fix that mess.
Thinking about starting a 'Time Bank' for MPPAustin. Members provide services for each other. One hour = One TimeDollar
Sometimes I want 2 go 2 corner and stab myself in my heart! Well in my mind I do! Though I just sing #skyscraper in my head, and im good!
The Boss and Joe Walsh join Sir Paul. Stunning #Grammy finish
I hate squirrels. Stupid animals.
guess what - we're more in love with you
I GOT CABLE AND XBOX AT THE SAME TIME. i love my life. play me later
#Grateful for all this carrot juice I've been drinking, tho I'm turning into an UmpaLumpa
you already know what time it is... lol
If You FOLLOW I'll Shout You Out !!!(:
Stock up now for the holidays at Siesel's Meats in San Diego, CA 92110!
- sounds gr8. Jen n I were just looking into the Omega juicers as well.
It has been a busy start at #BlueRock to the new year! How have you been?
yes pls do.
": Never invade a #Capricorn's personal space unless we invite you inside."
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions my whole fam would be taken care of :)
Ramones, The Clash, New York Dolls......there were so many great ones
Mission Accomplished: be in the yearbook for something / do something that satisfies me or makes me happy ☺😃
lol. Good to know, I'm not the only one!
To be clear, I am NOT saying this had anything to do with his departure - merely telling what sources are telling me...but
....doggone it ! April Sundays in the
the motto is stuck in my head
keep up the great work for Dr. Paul! We can DO this.
Huh? Guess I must've got drunk and married Google at some point
Thanks man! I'll get ahold of him. has reached out as well. Thanks team!
awesome!! Haha I'm going out there for the summer lol
Roasted banana and brown sugar ice cream! Sounds wonderful!
You know how I know Mitt had a bad day? Because I read lots of news today and have no idea what he said at his speech today.
I honestly saw more people wearing orange today than I have in my whole life.
I try but it is so hard... sticks out like a sore thumb... lol
OMG, I can't believe that episode of Big Bang Theory just ended like that. Please tell me there is another episode next week.
Yay! Thanks! I'm so excited for ma kalbi!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x8
Covered that AUDJPY short. Still think risk off in general a little ovr sold.
your tweets are perfect & describe my life. kthanksbye.
Can you tell me which list you're referring to? I've been posting a lot of info! I'll help as best I can. Thx!
Anyone see the new Beauty and the Beast 3D??? Worth it?
My click bang it bang bangs my click bangs lol
I tried to text everyone back. I apologize!
You should really follow this awesome hustler She's one of my good friends and she Barakat's Bitch. Do it for Jack.
I'll be sure to report back on the progress
What are you looking at for an apartment?
Tomorrow: casting callbacks (!!) and hopefully final casting decisions – followed by our first Big Production Meeting.
I sent that tweet b/4 I was done (I do that a lot)! Have a gr8t trip - looking forward to your tweets. The bit.ly made me laugh...
Happy Friday everyone! Amazing news will be coming soon :)
Samsung Galaxy Nexus comes out at Verizon tomorrow! Yay!
Ugh I'm going to need some help with le research paper D:
: How we are online should be no less professional than how we are at work or in the room. Pass the elevator test says
Tutors are lined up and ready to help students at Positive Tomorrows! We LOVE Wednesdays!
#TimTebow makes more money than #AaronRodgers does... There's definitely something wrong with that. Rodgers > Tebow (in every way possible.)
Sunny & 60 degree temps will extend all of the way through Passover & Easter. Supreme weekend weather for #NYC & the Tri-State Area.
same I think this year is in the books
But wut ab those who knw da REAL story on da sudden ENDING? I jus say.."I STILL DONT KNOW". But ppl REFUSE2 accept it&say "STILL UR SON".SMH
Yes, I've. It aired in the US on April 4th. It's so good, but so sad too!
Really? Now that I think of it.. I think Lea does it, too. Haha. I shall try it someday.
lol....thank you!!! And only if you cook.:)
Out riding wit my other half my husnand celebrating making another month in this union and many more God willing! (est. 10-06-11)
I feel like it's been a million years since I was in the studio. I miss you! (zero sleep, envelope-glue-breath and all...) ;)
There are so many fake Josh Hutcherson and Jennifer Lawrence Instagram accounts. I'd be surprised if they actually even had one.
received complete drafts of senior theses from my two advisees, well before the deadline.
Hey Arlington - if you are celebrating the #SuperBowl tonight w/ friends, be safe! Have DD, take metro, or cab! # is 703-522-3333
I love classical music
yeah. It was awkward when in midflight they had blood soaked vampire sex.
I been thnkn bout ya o nana nah
“: Women please have those stomachs right this summer if u gone have them out” lol u to silly
It's Tiger day on our twitter page.... we'll be posting stories, polls, and great moments throughout the day.
Hello! No blogs...this was interesting info, but I'm more excited about the actual research...
Thanks so much! Glad you like the music!
oh fun! I've only played that one time!! :(
So much for that rumored Stones reunion...it looks like Foo Fighters & Arcade Fire will join Mick Jagger on SNL next week.
the music is taking off! alot of people are starting to fuck with me now! hard work pays off! the haters still exsist but goodie go hard!
Need hit records? Lets talk
"Nobody likes me, everybody hates me, guess I’ll go eat worms. Long, thin slimy ones short, fat juicy ones, itsy bitsy, fuzzy wuzzy worms…"
Come on Gators!! You've blocked a kick. Let's win this thing.
i can switch between browsers faster than doing something on my phone :P
Recyclers get expert help from mentors
Got pulled over for truancy lol only reason they let me go is cause me n the officer had the same birthday smh he said "nomo hustlin" lol
OPINION: Most news orgs. .bitly articles way, way too long. Non-mobile friendly sites a bummer, too.
thank u I checked out ur website nice what else u do
RHCP and Childish Gambino confirmed for #ACLFest. Cool? As long as someone else exciting is performing at their times, then I'm set!
There's nothing good on tv
Waiting for a friend to come to my hose:) can't wait it's gonna be a fun/sex night:)))))) u wanna be the next!! Send me a message?!:)
I sort of kinda remember that day...
RT : Boarding flight to Sa Town! you better come see me. Got your script dog!
When u'r hangin n there, u gotta pull up or let go! Ya can't hang 2 long!
Food Fact of the Day: March 4, 1634 Samuel Cole supposedly opened the first tavern in the U.S., in Boston. What took so long?
Many clients are ordering Logo Golf Balls, Titlesist, Callaway, Nike, Pinnacle and more. Low 12 dozen minimums.
Peyton Manning signs with the
14 hour day....nice.
Louisiana registered voters not affiliated with a recognized party -- You must choose ONE PARTY BALLOT in the August 28 primary election.
I can smell the hopelessness from here! :) have a great time wtih Derek. Stake says haiiiiiiiii
Exciting! Be sure to send me a postcard!!
#Beliebers your man is talking to the BBS show tomorrow at 7:20AM!
lol that's what I thought some squirrels were doing outside the school . Lol they weren't " fighting " ;)
I miss you too (:
#GTL all day, #DTF all night!
cause I txted u and u didnt txt me back
There's just something about Sunday's that makes me want coffee, read or chat in bed, then fall back asleep. i just got so totally drowsy
This exit should be trumpeted to the heavens to show/prove the viability to unbelievers.
people either love or hate that one (I fell on love side) but if you don't like it so far, that might not change
what does Naii mean?
That's awesome :) and you looked stylish doing it.
Thanks for the follow Jennifer! Love the mission of Jumpstart SLT--check out if you guys use #AT or
I miss: ❒ My old friends ❒ The person you used to be ❒ The good times ❒ My childhood ✔ All of the above.
A Very Happy Thanksgiving to You too, Neha Ji! Have lots of Fun! Loved Your work in Raat Gayi Baat Gayi, and PGRO! :)
You're welcome. Just keep writing :)
no patience for those who refuse to use twitter or facebook and yet want to run campaigns on twitter or facebook. welcome to 2010 people!
so true, so true yet again :-)
Q3.5)Needs to be someone with the authority to remove items
Follow back?
Was your favorite piece of jewelry given to you by someone or did you buy it? Is there a story behind it??
Dreams dont chase themselves
not to worry
Who else will be digging out the jorts when 70s and 80s arrive?
New CandySwipe game comment in the android market: "Awesome. Completely addicting. Fun for me and..." by Kristen
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. -Harry Truman
wow I was only in there for a week, then i went back for 3 days...then back for two days...and now just a check up every two months
HAPPY.... O'yaeh Saturday. :)
save me omg save me DX lmfao
Nice...keep up the good work!
will you follow me please? Your tweets are AMAZING!
RT: :Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm~Winston Churchill-love this.True
send me your digits
Longest. Week. Evar.
I can't wait until Friday is over with. This buying and selling process is by far the most annoying and stressful thing I have ever done!
Happy mothers day to my fav celebrity mom :)
Feels good to have the day off..
i too have used grooveshark, and it's the best I know of. Let me know what you think!
#factsaboutmyself I still buy hot wheel and play with them in the dirt when no ones looking.
this is my more library-related stream. I'm arbitrarily following you from here, but I tend to tweet differently from each.
Miss Tumey, who is the mixer for? Would performers benefit by attending?
Would love to see ability to block my sites from 12-5 and 7-9 Sun-Thurs, and 11-3 on Fridays :) i.e.daily custom
Things are starting to look better for me. I am finally seeing th e light at the end of the tunnel
some 1 tweet me
- Ok, for you, I'll start posting some pics of the ground.
That butt workout kicked my ass.
Wow! Care to direct message me your story? It sounds interesting!
Would love to include sample of your products in our Ultimate Swag Bags for our Fit & Fab event on 5/24!
I have a high school crush on ...it gets more real every time I see him on twitter.
NEW SINGLE "Life & Favor" by my friend, Pastor John P Kee available for download at iTunes now!
Many of those babies I worked with, I loved. Nolowe wears glasses now like my son. He still appears hydrocephalic.
There can never be a more beautiful you!
yes, what colors are we wearing? bcuz i want to wear the most obnoxious color out there... aka rainbow.
we on far loud nigga M.M.G
Where does Jared Jeffries go after a 33-point Knicks loss? The same club I go to after a 33-point Heat win.
a feminist in flare jeans!
When that money go, u should see me chase it; got a little weight but I move at a steady pace its; money talks conversation in staks
#poormansPlaxico ": I'm feeling reckless today. Anybody can get it. Shots will be fired!"
True delight comes from giving it to someone else.
best part: "nevah listen to zeez tapes. Zey are horrifying"
Desperate much?
Holtby is playing amazing tho. what id do to be in his shoes,
Dad's proposed agenda for weekend in San Diego: beach hike, dog show, & lots of mexican food
hHah best word I thought of
Hm....thinking about throwing in these 0's...
If you can't afford childcare you can't work you'll be forced to move + stop paying taxes
will you follow me back please :)
#69Factsaboutme 16. I doubt myself more than anyone.
dent. FU computer autocorrect. F me typing skills.
Wow what a great ending to #Dexter can't wait for next season!
I've got time if you got me ♡
Hiring a Business Analyst that has experience with Charles River. Let me know if you or anyone in your network is interested!!
omg you're so beautiful
Staggering RT : Apple's hardware revenue is $99B, Amazon, a channel, made only $28B in the entire Electronics category.
I've written a song about Pho that rhymes "Vietnam" with "nom nom nom." It might need some work.
Police blotter - 4/24; Two taken to hospital after motorcycle crash
Thanks for the RT !
and he interrupted la conclu de sarko... what a poof
yea it is. I may call on you to come visit or may need to see Chicago so I don't get too sucked in :)
Pizza hut is fucking disgusting.
great job moderating panel discussion at #BairdTechnologyConf - appreciate your partiipation
One Time to Turn To You #stillkidrauhl :')
full moon tonight!
I remember from "back in the day" (last year) when we talked about an appinventor4lib. Let's do it!
skool tiers me out !!!
Oh Yeah 8-)
well we can sure try! I'd like to see if its a hardware or a software problem. Ill DM u my email address.
Q4) I need some more things turned on first by IT... hope they don't shut anything down
Hungry and pissed
Educate a man and you educate an individual - educate a woman and you educate a family. ~ Agnes Cripps
Black Special of the day "Remembering Whitney: The Oprah Winfrey Interview"
What is activity streaming good for? It permits people to assemble, analyze, and interpret accounts of a shared activity
Any nigga got a problem with it tell em who it is i aint stutter muthafucka you can tell em who it is
Slow speed training is designed to make your muscles stronger. When you're stronger, you can do anything better.
Baby you should let me love you
Not cool. RT Hey ! That Tibet commercial of yours was the most offensive thing I've seen all day!
#nehvectors Cheng hopes to make the website open to public contributions of new sites and also commentary on their sites.
Plug it in and turn me on
Ironically, my dad's been telling me I need a manager for years..now I need an assistant..but before then, I have straighten things first.
S/O to all our new followers! Big thangs ahead in 2012 M.O.J.O. Posse let's do work!
wow it's crazyy how after YYYEEAARRS i found you here on twitter LOL what you bn up to???
you heard about what lil wayne said about the saints?
Tech-Critics: Temperature Regulating Chairs Bring Peace To Office ...
Congrats to Cam Newton and the Tigers, great job fighting back and gettin the win.
any 1else without power in #irondequoit ?
Charleston , SC! We are performing at Jimbos Rock Lounge TONIGHT! Its the last date of the NYTF Tour , come rage!
At Tullys at Lincoln Square using their free wifi
#OECD report #China #India & #Korea=44% of US foreign student market. As quality hi ed grows there, intro more fin aid for foreign students?
stop what?
Happy birthday tiger woods!
Also: Activist Archivists website is down today. for future ref it's activist-archivist .org.
I hate the crumbs at the bottom of cereal boxes.
We heart Farmland too!
I'm about 10 seconds into the new #Feist... It's #everythingicouldhavewanted and more :)
Time to #Boycott companies who do not support women but support #Limbaugh like
Just had my first Miller Lite with the punch-top thing. Really a life changing thing you guys
Right? Because right now I do not consider him hot.
Thanks so much, we're so happy to be downtown.
Whenever I drink a frappuccino, I also get a cup of ice water and alternate between the two
Prepping for our shoot tomorrow! Lots of new rad things including more neon and vintage swimwear!
but it looks more satisfyingly retro when it's capitalized. See also: MAC.
#IfWeJustSmashing then don't ask for my number.
#HERESTOALL Its sad how MTV went from My Super Sweet 16, to 16 and Pregnant...
if this preview is not on
G8 summit cancelled in Chicago and moved to Camp David. Go to hell hipster scum/occupy wall street protesters
We will draw one winner at random at 4:00. Good luck and happy reading!
I'm going to Startup Weekend Madison this weekend, largely due to your endorsement of it at MU last week! Thanks!
fucking exhausted, im taking a nap!
I'm at the rave at a concert
too good to be true! I knew it. Sigh* I'm done.
What a diverse and impressive class of Top 40 Under 40 in this week!
My good freind Conrad, found guilty. You mean to tell me that the dealer can be held accountable for all them junkies?
RT if you had a great weekend!
Gtown trustees vote to move to D2.
I have decided to go for a walk
Obama Sotu- "no bailouts-handouts or cop outs".
enjoying my day off! catching up on some writing, then cleaning, gym, and hanging with my girls.
there's a book??? What???
brilliant! Now if only would get me my own cocktail waitress.
it's okay I'm not here to judge lol
15 min power nap
Idk why I want grapes and watermelon so badly lol 
Things just got worse for Dallas, as Jerry Jones announces he's not mad at them..."Just disappointed"
so they're only keeping 1 teacher at each K & 1 grade level? that is insane. Very frustrating 2 say the least.
Dave, can you send that? tools for learning!
vita Bella
As far as I'm concerned, things could be alot worse
haters are some of the most pathetic people on this earth! Wishing death upon someone for living their dream is just stupid!!
Just a reminder - we are closed on Sunday for Easter - Happy Easter!
I hope you had a BLAST today! Thinking of you and so excited for your big day! You're going to be a gorgeous bride!! :)
Its one of the best feelings in the world to know you have friends who care about you
never seizes to amazing me
Planting some seeds that will soon sprout.
Just found a PRSA blog offering estimated reading time - "422 words, estimated 1:41 mins reading time". Clever tool for #PR news junkies.
If you don't have anything nice to say... Tweet it!
#lovegettingtold Thanks for spending your hard earned money with us with a smile and like they actually care.
Its gone spoil or the roaches will get it
U dont miss me :(
Everyones so negative and upset on twitter today! #CheerUp its the weekend! Be happy to be alive!
Ewwww menudo boiling in my house << :&
Perry Probably Has Cash Lead in Republican Presidential Field
[Todd Hippe] for ditching out on my birthday and Christmas for the past year!
who are you going to 4th street with?
you are too cool to be a piece of shit!!!
Do TNT and TBS have trouble selling premium ad time, or does their plan to pound new shows into the ground before they start really work?
ok I'll check that out.
RT : Girls with short hair<<<
I can't believe there is hardly anybody here - Michael Manring may be the best player on the planet - I just met him - he was very nice
Facebook wants you to donate your organs. Well, everything except your liver. They've seen all those pictures of you getting hammered :)
It's only the beginning of October and we're already talking about snow levels in the mountains.
dats a big false
yall are my ultimate favorite band!#GABESAPORTA I LOVE YOU!<3
lmao 1 fuck you and 2 every time I wanna party it's always sum bull Like we can't get in or it's dead or it's cancelled lol
Kudos to both team #NYR Lot of heart and hustle. a true
he had a chance to take a no jail plea...what a moron...good now this fuxker can be somebodys bitch in prison, then go back to india
has Jordan Sparks Battlefield on repeat and is retouching :-)
Green-Ellis Rushes for 14 yards, 1st down.
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when dogs don't know when to shut up
ALEX RUBEN CONSTANCIO!!! Please Follow Me!!! I've Been Trying To Get You To Follow Me Since Last Year!! :(
Well...see what happened was....
Milsap on Duncan: It's always fun to go out there and play against one of the best players ever.
Nice! How did you manage to get one?
#LOCAL GOWN# FRUITS/VEGGIES
You know us, places to be ha.
Fuck I just want to stay in bed for once !
One Direction Rocks!!! Like if you agree!!
Happy Birthday!! <3 my love for you!! You were born this way and have changed the whole world.
Prof uses real-world experience to talk about ease of disclaimer reqs
I fear that i have ingested well above my normal amount of ritalin.
$alute Cuzzo,yes it was great seeing you too.Luv ya,indeed you already know some magic is brewing.
you're a sweet girl. Easy to talk to. Don't worry.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.
Walking the first batter of the inning can be an issue! Come on Mr. Reliever...do your job!
Cool Lakers 4 games in 6 days haven't check Clippers schedule thinking Tuesday or Friday. Will follow up.
Nope...Staff training starts today so we are getting semi close though
Hey - Are you going to the thing on Saturday night? Marc just told me about it...I think we're going to go.
to "expel modernism"
also great seeing diana and michael of of getting ready for their interview too!!
lol. my story is a little weirder as I seemed to open my parent's mind on the hypocrisies of the right. thank god...
GTC Golf Classic tournament event planning, script notes & budgets, ACC tourney in the background.
oh, that was you. What a pleasant surprise.
Have you done any articles on effective fundraising wash programs?
Keep walking, keep talking, u got nothing on me
Thanks! We are a new modern Burlesque dance squad! We will be performing at venues around the city!! Look out for us chica!
RT : I'm on BET! super proud of all our work!
ok, so so far I'm gathering from the digestion of metaphors that Twitter is like being on a ship full of crack addicts -interesting
48 hours, 4 hours of sleep... This has to be illegal in at least 2 countries...
Just saw the preview of what would you do with n loved it n aww how was it was it hard to be on the show in that situation?
Happy Friday. Damn did this week fly by or what.
So...did you swear at him? ": fan who yelled, "Merk, Go Blue"
Thank you very MUCH!!!
my school NEEDS new computers
Good luck to the both of you! May you both live happily ever after and furthermore <3 xoxo
oh okay brand new guy
I think the only reason were crazy beings is because we have the MAYBE option. That alone just fucks with you. That gray area. The hm.
...No ...who is Shelby! And what am I talking about! -V
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece. ~ John Ruskin
So the presentations in my conflict mngmt class made everyone cry. Topic? Forgiveness
U can say whatever bout me but I'ont really care, I got Haterz Everywhere but I'ont Really Care!
only my mother can make candy taste like perfume
Pilates, spinning, Wegmans, rock star to cats for feeding time, my feedbag, TV, g'night.
And that's not always easy to do
Omg I love you justin
feeling like crashing some birthday parties?
Are there any breakfast soups?
ATTN: Everyone get Snap Chat.
first you break down yesterday, now you're not airing the USA v. England game online for some reason. Giant bundle of
We need a real POINT GUARD the league knew it that's why they BLOCKED CHRIS PAUL TO LAKERS TRADE #conspiracyagainstlakers !!!
I don't what someone that I can just live with.... I want someone I can't live without!
Also from CMR ~ Asm. Richard Pan & CFA presser re: election beginning today thru April 27 would authorize teacher strike at all CSU campuses
Romeo and Juliet
The award for 'Person Most Capable of Holding an Interesting Conversation" goes to
RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol and Shame This week, pickings are slim yet again, but at the very least, most o
Help our students and our schools. Pass the #AJA now OFA.BO/ipwXw2
Weekend of shooting. Success
5 vicious serial killers that turned out to be... Animals.
Laurie said I'm too immature and if I don't grow up it's going to erect a barrier between us. Ha ha ha, erect
Central Park Zoo 
Hot Bourbon Rooibos and a sweater :)
That's all for the interview. Check back soon for the full video to be posted online, and watch it tonight on Evening Edition!
"Skis huh?" "They yours?" "Both of them?" #Dumb&Dumber
sorry, #Dbacks! Third period of series-winning hockey beckons!
It's crazy that Gilbert Arenas is playin in a game 7 playoff game right now and Derrick Rose is at home watching lol.
Shout out to the strong, independent women out there. U r going to love my new movie...coming soon!!!
thanks in no small part to you!! Here's to more! :$
Of course I'm happy for you and your man.
Does anyone have some ideas about why IHS acquired iSuppli?
That which is irrational or absurd is not worthy of either belief or personal commitment.It is the fool who embraces irrationality.
There's a lot more to me than meets the eye.
Who wouldn’t want a chance to win a #NEW #DenverBroncos jersey??!!
forreal tho. I sold my trampoline just to see you. I need to know
Disappointed in myself. #SoloAndEnsemble 😢
Sadly i gtg but no one hardly talk to meh on twitter....am I that weird? Cya!! Peace out
we will be Grand Prix Body Building, fitness, figure & Bikini Championship Oct 29 @ Douglas High School Contact 918.938.26
Nah, we've buried the machete. We're cool. Of course, you never high five the guy. And I'm unbeaten in Rock, Paper, Machete.
I need u to follow these peps Get ur networking weight up
I don't know if a quick fix is what you need, more like quick appellate brief?
The ugly barnacle
you planning a protest? And it would have to be individual ins. unless it was like the Teamsters or some other org w/ members.
Oh Gosh! Mojitos go great with everything. Just discovered them recently. LOVE them. We had a real one at Friday's too. Yummy!
Wishing you all the very best. New Year wishes from
Great feedback from NAMSS conference. Our #Foxtrot software automates data entry between systems such as CACTUS and MEDITECH.
Profile is up and running. I love my new background, it really fits a simple, yet "happy" feel. :)
Wow word is Ray J was with Whitney and found her dead!!!
I take it back! We've got lots of thunder and lightning, now! Nice storm, Chicago. You know how to do it up right.
must be a DUFF
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked do u work out a lot?
Wishing everyone a positive and progressive week in their lives!
wow. $8 buckets of bud, bud light, miller light at Union Pub.
i absoultly love your videos
YOU NEVER TEXT ME ANYMORE :( WHATS UP WITH THAT????? LOL
Thought for the day: Don't like Banks? Join a Credit Union. Seriously.
thanks for supporting your team. have fun at prom.
African rhino officially declared extinct
OhMyMahone! is going on Ustream at 6pm TODAY! Totally forgot!
I dont tweet watch you do bay ^_^
Aparantly, people think Im rude... -___-
