Proud of St. Thomas for having it's first ever 10-0 season!
Right there with ya!
After consulting with the #OED, I have decided to call the people in my workplace "co-workers" as opposed to "colleagues". Just sayin'...
oh no now u r not going!!???
Did u c my TWEETS about u n reprising ur Roles from THE BOY IS MINE in Movie? I wrote it?
but are you all still speaking to one another?
Angel<3 omg im gonna start practicing
you stole my tweet bishh
you HAVE to come to London!
Margot & The Nuclear So and So's popping up on my Pandora >>
Oh really... well then, let me get off nsfw and and mosey on over. (right after I save this link)
"Prepare for the worst and pray for the best...weezy"
Have to admit after seeing the tweets about Tweetdeck for Iphone, I installed the app & agree the interaction w/the desktop client is great.
U think so? Why thank u!
Hi guys I just made my twitter! :]] FOLLOW ME!!! :D
" where my money at " who says that ?
RT : Next event 10/13 - is cooking us breakfast! Donations accepted (but optional)...
My phone sucks...
thanks for flagging!
#Spring is officially here!
Just watched Florence + The Machine Live on Fuse.
sent! Talk to you soon
I wish I had friends to hang out with
Drinking coffee working on my print portfolio... its all finally coming together. Better days ahead!
My heart is beaten down, but I'm always coming back for more. There's nothing like love to pull you up ... :)
That stupid grin you can't get off of your face when you really like someone you are texting...
Yep it's very hard to do this music without the scores, because every song is in a different language, and one of our songs-
please follow us
win it back for illinois! if they can take our surly & new glarus, then we get back our good GI!
"A pile of rocks ceases to be a rock when somebody contemplates it with the idea of a cathedral in mind." ~Antoine de Saint-Exupery... BUILD
the end was better than the beginning
#Trueconfessions I'm the guy in every POV porno you've ever seen.
Josh Hamilton 4 Home Runs & 1 Double tonight .... 18 total bases
This is why he kicks ass:: : Call me and leave me a message, and why I should call ya back! 646 201 9368
Watching "Indiana Pacers at Miami Heat" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
do you still watch TV? anyone cancel their cable or satellite service? would love to connect and get your story
That's where u going? RT : Sigma party at Ibiza nightclub in dc
I know you are.
that picture was taken a few years ago when he visited a Columbus family for a cookout. He's been a longtime OH guy :)
interview w/ re women,business,jobs, politics. Included , Sandi DiMola, MJ Tocci,
where is it?
If you could see anything in the ocean, what would it be? We would of course choose Manta Rays! But then again, it is also Humpback season!
oh which one? Xo J
oh hell yes!
Hi Emily-- I see you've watched some of my youtube videos and I've watced some of yours. Have a great day. Hugs.
lmao. center fielder pitching for kansas city
lol was I really ? Wow I need to pay attention more .
haa watching looney tunes :D ♥♥♥♥ :D
finally finished THE ART OF FIELDING, whew. now I need a new book to read!
it's coming (part of the WunderMap API)
i thought i was the only one!
so where could I find em?
I just have a problem with OVER regulation which is what I think has happened in the past decade. Paul was only alternative to that
I liked Sabathia until he went for the big money. If he'd have left for San Francisco that would have been ok. He sold out.
"aw you aint one of them triflin mommas you go to school n woek u gone take care of yo child"
Performing LIVE tonight at CLOUD NINE in The Gardens....join me from 6-9 for drinks, fun and awesome music....
There are too many Daniel's in the room. #isitwrongtotweetatmyself?
#YouKnowYoureBroke your only form of entertainment is
cool, I'm sure you'll decide to get it.
yo, the link on the shorty award site points to sarah D nadav .com either register that, or have 'em fix it!
Hope the exam goes well!
Be sure to visit our website, rightdirectioninc.org, for updates about our mission, events, and future endeavors.
I NEED A VOLUNTEER To transport my magnificence to a session. Who is up to the challenge?
I DONT THINK IT CAME OUT YET
INVESTMENT-Do you know the financial rating of your health ins co? Can it affect claims and rates? Get your book www.theprofittrap.com
We like to follow local NEO twitters to show support for CLE.
Sipping green tea, listening to Bowerbirds, and anticipating a ride home makes editing math syllabi a joyful experience.
fb status saying they're helping their kid w/ homework and spells busy "bussy" twice...so obviously its not a typo!
Im Gone M.A.D. Money All Day .G.F.B. Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.
Yeah, I'm not sleeping tonight...
i fly like paper, get high like planes.
I just got why it's called Shoes on a Shoestring.
": fo real fo real -__-"//is there some type of study guide/handbook I can purchase with all this lingo!?
Way to go, RT Each Mets batter is using a Beastie Boys song as his walk-to-the-plate music.
That;s one hell of a rollback.
You're in position to dole out your own #OughtaWinATony list.
the tweet? Or FB?
to be fair, I didn't crush him. Also, Haith wasn't a replacement when Self left for bigger, better things. Aka KU.
Injustice can be removed, but human conflicts and natural limits cannot be removed.
Wasn't Rumi calling IK naive 4 advocating dialogue with Taliban ? Y the silence now that US is doing that ?
OK little bear honey bun! haha
-- I am a far far better dancer than singer.....
Celebrate W. W. Norton authors & friends this afternoon at our wine reception in booths 308 & 309 at 4 o'clock.
Work til 9, start your summer off right and come get a new smartphone!
Should be fun....
my class was cancelled and I went to CAPS - brag or beat?
Remember my old car ,well that was taken away by the #GOP, has the keys now..so join me in this automobile
okay im not either
HoeLies #73: I'm attracted to his personality.
that sucks 👎
up pickin out tracks for this disney project.....this year has been full of opportunity that me and tkn full advantage of!
District weekend!
Teacher: We don't have class on Friday. Any plans? Me: *raises hand* Teacher: Ustream is not included! Me: *le puts down hand slowly*
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/23/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Maryland Writers: Follow for updates on writing contests, publishing opportunities, and weekly writing prompts.
Another early bird morning! Let's be productive! :)
I've been so off lately, I know why. I apologize. But I'm good to go now.
#OTGTIPS DONT TALK TOUGH, IF YOU WOULDNT DO IT IN PERSON. THE WORLD IS SMALL
If Black Adder is correct, even the turnip eating could be salacious.
Citizen journalism give people power they didn’t have before
I'm not blind anymore.
Absolutely! Giving ya'll a listen and I dig. Please e-mail me
I know. I re-tweeted cat litter: But that is what we use for our 7 cats. Yes 7 felines. Love them all.
: “: Catholic? U can't just pick & choose which parts are acceptable then give it a new name” -EPISCOPAL
would you prefer to experience augmented reality through goggles or via a set of disposable contact lenses? Cc/
It's sometimes hard to fight the negativities of people who don't believe you are destined to do great things. U R appreciated.
Just did my P90X. I'm beat!
I just got to #BELIEVE that #someday will notice me!
Brewer Magic begins today! “: Happy pitchers and catchers reporting day! #brewers”
she said she not madd but she is
#upstream2012 you are not alone! We welcome working together to share resources and partnerships at
The same person that thinks Kali is a good idea also thinks Lord Tensai is a good idea.
Today's "Judy" Duty approach? Based on hair length. Short: Guilty. Long: Not Guilty
WHERE DID YOU HEAR THIS.
#casting Casting call Casting Print Rate: $2500.00 + 20% agency. Non union video rate option : $750.00 + 20%
im lost
wish I could, but I'm in San Fran - enjoy!
After watching #BasketballWives im glad im not a basketball player.
Alice, you blind? Can't you see that's my brother?
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for ..
You're so welcome!
People complain about racism around the Hunger Games, but the advertising doesnt bring anything but white character to the forefront
glee singing one direction tonight...lets see how they wreck it up -___-
Whatever Negatives That You Need To Mend Into Positives Make sure you do so because u never know when its ur time to go
Hugs! You're very welcome! Love Team
it's a big tie between and love them both!! :)
if we play yall the game will be at Coppell?
So. Tired. Need. Sleep. .....goodnight twitter xo
Summer Buzz Cut...aka...bag-o-hair! Ah!
Yeen know I gotta go.....where your going......I gotta get back to the money
RT if you have a facebook.
Ha ha ha!!! I wonder if Lindsay is involved. I read something about NESS :-)
A2: Both. Networking online can help make connections with anything you find in your search, connect the dots
Have free preview of NBA Pass on broadband. May never leave the house again. Well, at least until November 1.
Your bad attitude is a result of your upbringing
Your our neighborhood fav. Your staff is always so nice to us. Makes it easier to take 2 kids out!
Another day in Manhattan. Where is the best cup of coffee in Morningside Heights, and what is its soundtrack?
Your website should be able to display any language. Unicode Standard is the character encoding standard for written characters and text.
Me and my cast are listening the iSoundtrack 2.We`re having nice time on set!
Alves sent off!
Got him! Go Barack!
that fat one kept kissing the old man.
Drawing a picture of you!!! Might Bring it with me to one of your concerts!
oh don't act dumb Bitch!
: Oh, no. Just too many acronyms to keep up with!
gonna dress up tomorrow :)
....and sometimes i even procrastinate at procrastinating.
thats my birthday (:
Hey! I'M the idiot around here! RT Ok, I'm an idiot...HOW did I forget about the Peoples Choice Awards?!?!
Love Adele - so glad she won song of the year.
im going to trivia at houndstooth on monday. you and mishy in? otherwise ill just stop by on my way :)
Hey asshole, don't honk when someone is waiting for an emergency vehicle to pass. That is all.
it's a lush magazine!!!
The early bird get the worm first
Thank you so much! :)
Leff: "All ontological entities have been re-coded in economic values"
Wish there was more talent at safety in this year's draft
you're my arbiter of all things celluloid ~ i look forward to your take on DARK SHADOWS!!
Sometimes you just need to sit back and be thankful for all the things you have.
"Watch Your Back, Cuz I'm Coming In A Heart Attack.
pittsburgh --> philadelphia
The weekend is near
Not weird--walking is great exercise!! Go for it!!
whatever , u was bein rude
What u got I got everything u got wth
What kind of dog
I have a bum knee right now, and you're making me feel inadequate.
Nails tanning gym salon and then my lovess place. Going to be a productive day :)
Oh they playing Yeah3x in this restaraunt(:
And if you think about #Knicks usually win on Sundays.
me too !
Beards are bitchin'. Too bad wives and girlfriends don't think so.
hey guys. I need one of these. Greg Little, Crabtree, or Ochocinco. Who ya got? Thanks!
yay! finally he followed me <3 !thanks!
Felt kinda sick and nervous all day but that was so so worth it. panel/mixer was bomb!!
Right back at ya!
As test data becomes our priority, the more we will script curriculums leading lock-step 2test. Teaching will b "teacher-proof"
thanks for texting me about the spurs game.......
Fresh Besto Pesto at Mandela Co-op in West Oakland. Brand new look. Same great flavors. -Chef Toussaint Haki Stewart
miss you too!!!
one older brother three younger hate it
Please tell me I didn't see lil Wayne wit green UGGs on
I love the feel and read books... I am sorry to see Border's Bookstores completely liquidating stores.
&#39;Hunger Games&#39; and &#39;Bridesmaids&#39; top MTV Movie Awards nominees
-hugs you-
We shall.
Angel Cabrera accessed a 2 stroke penalty after getting caught smoking a one-hitter during the first round of the
ACK! Why is Hulu not loading all of a sudden?? Are there tech issues on Hulu's end, or is something wrong with my computer/connection?
Oh no, is it over?
Just finished 1st sub 40 min 5 miler in 2 years...Need a beer to celebrate!
I LOVE this picture. Tell Zach im doing the same thing right now
that's so very thoughtful of you! Surely hope you're feeling so much better today!
About to head to #onnof - the light festival proposed by Sierra Stinson and sponsored by
Giants wins I no it's a lot of people upset
wow really? well i have a lot of questions .. can i email you? lol .. sorry i know this is weird but im so indecisive.
she's dancing with the stars when she's dancing on my bed
Don't have a table to eat your food off of? It's cool, I'll be your table.
So how much money did you spend on tiny tower this weekend?
LOL Katie. BTW, I'm a token MOB :-)
See first tweet: "This will SOON be..." Still not a fully operational battle station yet.
thank you so much!!!
Ryan Leaf could spend five years in Montana custody after pleading guilty to multiple charges
tune-yards: fiya. i like the homegrown muddled controlled sounds.
Wow, my subconscious slapped me upside my head in my dreams last night.
Big props to my colleague for Polar Plunging today and then coming to work HALF FROZEN to report for us tonight!
#QuestionOfTheDay: When is the next digital summit?
Just read the lyrics to one of his songs and you can't help but laugh. Lmaoo.
it was especially talking to u it is my honor your hubby is an awesome football player LOVE MY PACK! U have a beautiful fam<3
Cassidy Turley Continues National Expansion into Los Angeles; Recruits Veteran Team to Open Office
So, #Spotify pretty much blows iTunes & Pandora away.
My 19 month-olds favorite word today is butt paste and it's on repeat. Going to get some looks when out shoppingtoday!
Did someone say Pumpkin Spice Latte? Come and get it..
At least go on a date with me and we will call it even
RT : a wise old man once said offence. - #British Prohibitions and Inspections Act 1998 #s47(1)(a)
Gah!! Why can't smash be on tonight!! I hate waiting till mondays! Seems so long!
Working on news story & need users who R running in the Pittsburgh marathon, ½ or relay. Contact us as
Heading out to Theorizing the Web, should be an interesting day!
lmao, thats like a week away.
same thing happened to me last night. Give it a day, it'll pass.
What to do when you look at your Twitter feed and you are not interested?
Some nights when I do the 3rd street promenade and old people and their kids are giving me weird looks i wonder what the hell im doing
That Bomb Chick Is My Chick Forever (:
I think it's something like, "Interesting. Thanks for your input."
im so cold...where df is the sun?!
Damn you Shaka!
Young Alumni - don't miss this! yPenn Highball @ #PennAW 9 PM - 12 AM; Houston Hall, Hall of Flags
I'll go to Beverly Hills with my girls #love this place!
Just washed my face in holy dirt, then in the river at the Santuario de Chimayó. I feel lighter, cleaner.
I be getting high just to balance out the lows .
sup ma what you doing?
thanks...I gave up for today Everything is too big or too small
Tix to Cap Beerfest and Sac Brewers Showcase on sale at Rubicon and River City Brewing, Sam Horne's Tavern in Folsom and Perfecto Lounge
: RT #bitrebels. It's refreshing! A most needed relief. :-P
These niggas just cracked open the fire hydrant
#musesocial. Not sure all audiences want this kind of particip. For those who do, how do they find what museum offers re SM?
Arresting ppl is obviously not the problem. So what's the solution?
Why is VEVO not doing anything?!
Last night on the radio, you were discussing vinyl. You failed to mention the harmonics from the sound that enhances the music.
And I have the house all to myself....😳
Not the aunt?
I'm not leaving (;
okay babes..imma try to sleep...wish me luck babes :) I LOVE ME SOME U :*
When I Was Younger, I Put My Face Close To The Fan To Hear My Robot Voice.
damn it feels good to be a gangster.
haha why thank you! :) give credit to for that one...
boy your just sloppy lol why hollering at all these girls on your page & ask me if i want your number ?! lol
That is great to hear. Will pass along to Thanks so much!
#inaug09 staked out spot on the mall. Can sort of see a jumbotron
Aww shit I got a geometry test today
Glitter-pixie: Was just feeling stressed out. You're reminding us to have perspective + to face challenges with bravery + humor
u at home alredy?
hahaha oh no boy maybe down there its "fancy" but over here we have a grocerie store named RALPHS lol lame!!!! And oh wow (:
Edward Bulwer-Lytton~ The same refinement which brings us new pleasures exposes us to new pains.
Follow me & RT all things that are way cool.
#np climax- usher
thanks sweets!
Good morning ! Happy Monday well actually skrew Monday's but sense it's June it's a happy Monday right ?
VASA Tet Trung Thu is tomorrow!! Its at SU Ballroom at 6PM! Come out to see all the many performances!!!
Morning : hotel meeting w GM & team, setup. These are pretty much the same everywhere. Hope for quick run in Stanley Park later!
Thank you #BarTab and for having us we had a blast!!!
hey would you be interested in a full time ruby job in center city phila?
WWW.shinerinternational.com look at our rocking bed.
You need your conference badge to come in. I am not positive they will let you in without one.
I want to drink Bacardi with Luly.
popped the pimple on the back of my neck= true love right there haha
#socialmedia Social wisdom is represented by the intersection of technology with the human network.
Of course, the week after I bench Billy Butler he decides to start hitting.
Omg this funky ass dog pissed n that shit is ugh
How Indiana Jones feels about archaeology: That's how most men feel about women. A lifelong curiosity and fascination.
BUZZ IS OUT! THIS SUN! CELEBRATE LIFE LADIES FREE B4 11P! OFFICIAL B-DAY PARTY!
Shout out to the two best bosses ever and for being so fab!
Las Vegas News channel will be interviewing me at 6 for. News at 8 tonight!
hey did you find me via my educational music app on the iphone/ipad?
No but seriously, i walk in everyday and ask "are you brian long?"
't be. Nervous U no what u pass this test. U r smart person u will do good. Good luck tell me how it went
Thanks for the shout out!
You don't want to know because if you did you would ask someone who BELIEVES the Jury got it right! and many people do!
Does one do easter baskets for 20yo vocal majors? If so, what?
Congrats, #Hawkeye! RT : Excited to see graduate from and eat !
I'm preparing, too. My outline is flexible.
thanks for taking a stand. You're a class act.
#SaySomething is completely AMAZING!!! ii loved it!!!! keep working hard!
its hard to ignore it.
Fuck off Deangelo Williams. This is Cam's team you POS.
.@ Wondering how long it'll take for the people we're following to start following us back.
I so
Hi Gloria, would you consider giving or selling me your twitter handle? It is my real name and I would love to have it.
Just scored a summer internship at Project Ethos! So ready to show em my #PR skills
Thank God it's not the Cowboys!
now annoying couple are talking about how they have no money to get home, but it's no big deal because the dude is going to play guitar. Ha!
you watch that too?!?! Oh boy. Sit down tomorrow.
I decided one day to rename my hard drive "Dat Ass" so my computer once a month would ask me 'Do you want to back "Dat Ass" up?
A nice article highlighting some very cool programs RT : GLIDE's Blog: Summer in the City… and on GLIDE’s rooftop!...
hi there. i haven't been here in a while. hope you're doing well! started working on e-publishing for apple. interesting!
Thank you for following me on tweeter & add me as friends! =)
everything comes back on u 10 times harder!!
Virginia Woof is a non profit dog daycare and pet supply store. They provide job training and employment to homeless youth
I have an indie film audition on Sunday! Woohoo! Greatful!
When will release the 1984 playoffs Cubs vs. Padres on DVD?
RT : You should be following
Cuse loses and it will be out on Caldwell St in many pieces. Orange are mental midgets and Boeheim even worse.
I'm inna office, alright!
thanks very much for the follow! Please let me know if have any mattress or furniture needs?
Where can I find sum budd in Vegas.... Any suggestions????
No, I'm doing distributed configuration in a secure environment. I need to manually configure and edit various IIS MMC knobs
I've been to those carts before. Would NOT recommend. Obviously she didn't stop by our cart...
no depression! Well nothing that a single malt can't cure.
Im too glad to be off work. Its been one long ass day.
I miss you brother/replacement boyfriend/bff :)
#SuitingDown, it's one of the saddest parts of my day
im hungry af.
money tight I'm on for the week!
's Tontlawald was magical -the blend of voices of the entire cast was mesmerizing
.. bladder, seminal vesicles, prostate or urethra, intense burning immediately following ejaculation may occur.
Why would Interactive Brokers ever think it would be a good idea to have the slogan "Join the 1%" in the commercial? Stellar marketing team!
You are a gift to the world, a divine work of art, signed by God. you haven't changed one bit<3
Good luck on the new video! I'm sure it's gonna be amazing. Send pics.
i just bought the coolest cat t-shirt
Let's Go Celtics!
lady at kroger didn't check my ID when I bought alcohol because she recognized me from last night when I bought alcohol
Wow... support is fantastic!
I just finished a 1.68 mi run with a pace of 93'05"/mi and a time of 2:36:49 with Nike+ GPS.
Thanks to you all for liking my page .
I miss my cousins i haven't seen them for about 3 years now :( why do they have to live so far
“: Obviously y'all don't watch TV”
Ah I have a headache ☹
LL LIP LICK HAND EXSTENDED CUM HERE 4 A MIN I GATA THING 4 THICK HIPS BROWN EYES CHANNEL 5 LIPSTICK N U CAN B MY MISSIES BETTER YET MY MISTR
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :)
You're welcome, Baltimore. Love my big white TE!
Hey Matt! There is another contest - this one is for cash! I'm gonna unlock your badge and give you a boost!
Remember when the Brewers use to be known for scoring runs in the first inning?
Our Texas Americana artists know we help get them gigs AND we're developing a Texas Music festival in the Texas Hill Country... more to come
may we set up a get together meeting?
I'm trying to follow them all on twitter cuz I couldn't find a site with a central list
Quote of the day: "it's take a whole whack of people to make some shit happen"
Thank you - my grandmother Anna Sullivan was from Cork. Irish Italian is a Boston "must!"
Filming your audition piece as we tweet! You get that feature!
interest something witty here. I'm too tired to do so :D
National Championship Monday !! $12 pitchers & $5 Soco/Lime shots during the big game. Wear Blue!!!
Happy Milwaukee Day 4/14! What special Milwaukee thing will YOU do today?!
I Don't Know. Maybe Close the Door?
RT Missing something from your special day? Enter our "Wedding Wishes" Contest! www.tinyurl.com/mwdcww
8:30 PM - Rob Brackenridge (Jeremy Nunes; Joe Kwavala) playing at the Comedy Club on State
So bored
Twitter is always going to be better than Facebook
I was in 6th period and my teacher was behind me and he had his dick all up in back. I was like "WTF DUDE?!"
tells me "fell out of bed Saturday and my knee is all swollen now just like my arms"
Damn this shit too crazy
Come thru in that forest green whatever year it is Haha
About to take my husband to LAX for the start of this 3-week excavation in Turkey. Not going this time, but hopefully next. :(
My music edgy and street, abd u got tracks that tackle all subjects! Gettin money, club tracks, talk my shit tracks, etc
Ugh.....we'll see, we'll see!! London Bridges burning down...burning down haha
yeah just got back from the hostpital really bad stumak ack
Good morning friend! Sounds like you are starting off to a wonderful day. Enjoy!
scan yesterday. Pray all those dark spots are cleared up ASAP. I told him to take as much time as he wants to heal.
Man City fans really know how to celebrate a championship!
“: “: I didn't text you last night, vodka did #Ops”haha love that”. Haha
Wow, I can hear the foghorns from the river. Must be bad out there.
400 pound women should not wear spaghetti tops on motorcycles e_e
me too! Lol.
A little excited about holiday time with your fam are ya. I'm the same way
Great idea. RT : I was going to suggest you consider my emailers letter as a subject for
New mac store at the mall!?!? Hell yes!
“: Shurmur said #Browns had info that prompted them to move up” interesting...
where am i?
Most women will never get what they want in a man... Untill a man realizes what he needs in a woman...
3F room 123! two teams here!
Funny to me that got thousands of followers more than half these (√) #CERTIFIED people and even a parody page -_- what up #TWITTER?
#20ThingsAboutMe number 19 I'm fucking scared of plans and I have a big reaction to dust & pollen (I'm allergic to that)
Fruit punch water! ❤
Great deal to go to the movies. Can use for raffle prizes, gifts or treat yourself.
Shower time! you know... have to be non stinky in case someone was actually to see me!
Having a song stuck in your head all day and finally getting really stoned and listening to the fuck out of it.
Great! I look forward to meeting you.
I'd like to parch myself ===> Got anything Italian cuz is parched yeah, what's drinking good?
I love my show choir #Dynamics !!! Tonight was awesome, and I love all my fellow seniors
haha, btw i'm squatting on your about.me page
hey errybody guess who's pissed THIS GIRL <3
My buddy got a gift box of "hard to find candy from the 60s" good try. I think necco wafers are "hard to find" because nobody wants them
I have a fine sense of the ridiculous, but no sense of humor
Allen Iverson's "practice rant" was 10 years ago today.
exactly. Great photo.
Oh the adorableness! I've gotta see him in person. ;-)
make them some pot cookies this holiday season....they'll smile like MF'rs!
Jaguar Land Rover in talks over Ethel Austin factory
Can you go by that .700 OPS with him not having as many at bats as the other players?
life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, so waste your time and have the time of your life.
Even though we lost our volleyball game :( theres another game thursday so mabey we can win this one :)
Dashon Goldson's HIGHEST POINT Foundation & Train 'Em Up Academy invite Youth & HS FB players 2 DB CAMP in July! Info coming soon>>
Who is going to the #bookfest this weekend?
Common misunderstandings of laws & what to do if stopped by police: Aug 9, 6-7:30p, Center for Culture & Community (3819 Lafayette Rd)
Good thing my hubby is a Capicorn! RT : #Scorpio compatible signs: Capricorn, Cancer, Virgo, Pisces
Awesome! That was quick! Can't wait to start brainstorming with the group!
And that would be Ian MacKaye being cool. Me, not so much.
Whenever puts up the mail Vlog is going to have a heart attack
What do you think about players getting paid to play in the Olympics?
So folks are straight up nasty
Sounds clever. Let's see it
Humming the song "Chapel of Love". Another happy day for hopeless romantics! :-}
Vote to allow opt in under discussion
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate cute relationships, because I know I'll never have one like that.
Working on the new website design. Finished the video gallery and it looks great.
RT "The Democrats’ fortunes are tied to the economy. The Republicans’ fortunes are tied a handful of rich people’s fortunes."
If you want to Instagram pictures of our food we wouldn't mind! Come on over!
I used to like at one stage...
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet (: TREND IT!
Every day for almost a year I've gone to sleep and woken up with the same thing on my mind. How to live with regret.
great! We are set!
Ate 4 meals already today and haven't even eaten dinner yet.
Me too! Thank you for last night 😉
I think so
yeah its alright
I like it bro.
Breaking FUCKING ANKLES with a pump fake the KOOSHIN Trey Bombies?!?!!
another long day at work. i'm going to for dinner. no question.
Thanks! You as well!
I need some food in my life like right na!
searching for a Quality Assurance Manager with AIB experience
Spring time and beautiful weather! Get in shape with Pilates workout! Classes in Mt. Washington on Mondays and Wednesdays. Join in!
Everyone asks what is wrong with my legs .. Their bruised . My shin splints must've gotten bad enough to bruise ..
Within Temptation Posts &quot;The Unforgiving South American Tour&quot; Video Report Teaser - Metal Underground
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices. Take it or leave it.
Some people act krazy for no reason
the question is... Is Jesus!
Starting new work with The Collective: ropes & spirals
Homework- Is there a uniform/working definition for the term homework? Who should develop it and why?
Hey KD is still standing on the 3 pt line with one hand in the air begging for someone to throw him the ball. lol
It was a great weekend in Racing for some of our friends and drivers and teams! ...you will see a recap on "Cowboy"'s wall!
Elite performers have remarkable mental clarity and stamina...do you?
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up 25 cent Wing Special (from 4pm to 12am) , and late evening with DJ 12 Tribe spinning
Even angels learn to fly.
Happy Birthday to (:
: how museums get in our own way: "People are coming there. They want to engage with you. DON'T PREVENT THEM FROM ENGAGING."
Assembly Hall > anywhere else. Simply put.
It's okay. :) What have you been up to?
Dear Fox News, I have yet to see any news about foxes. Sincerely, Disappointed viewer
It wasn't about writing the book, it was about righting my life.
Pa. gambling board names new head of enforcement - Philadelphia Inquirer
Dave is giving away stuff today -- actually it was to a young woman from the neighborhood who just finished her Math 111 final -- congrats!
use the time to study and do homework. Or crochet
Working on this children's line is super motivating and fresh. Stoked to move that feeling back over to
i know me too i hate it!
At what point does the zombie of Benny Hill run out on the court with Yakety Sax playing?
dayum no rest for the trolls I see
“: Sleep well All ”thanks! Just got home from dancing. Turning in. Night all
About to fill out my work bracket
Congrats Look forward to seeing you there.
Can you please come to Roanoke, VA.
Would you be OK with less Cubs and Sox games a year?
I'm tired of my phone interceptin texts.... I find it funny tho smh
Hugo count: 5 out of 7
Thanks to and for highlighting our newest retailer, , this morning. Beautiful segments!
I'm well - how are you?? It's been ages!!
Alright, who's going tonight? dinner at starts at 6pm!
I mean what a message. My campaign isnt about the people of San Diego it is all about me!
Horrible turned out day. Did best to stay focused and somewhat positive.
Knowledge is consciousness of reality. Reality is the sum of the laws that govern nature and of the causes from which they flow.
Ima take lessons this summer. G shit though.
It's back to seeing the doctors.
I talked w/ coach Ellis. Good luck w/ everything.
i've been right here. Just got back to a data plan I can deal with!!!
exaactly. relationships nowadays are annoying. i cant stand teen relationships. except mine and phils, of course.
Bruises on bruises on bruises
At the point where i don't care what people think of me and I'm the happier then I have ever been(:
I felt like I was at the doctor for my truck... had to take him to emissions testing. I was nervous. He passed with flying colors!!!
nothing u
Using Twitter for the very first time!
doing well! Yes, let's...hit me back with an email with some times you're available...Happy Monday!
s/o to for the follow
So far so good with this Creative Cloud. Install applications like mobile apps.
Time to make peeps laugh- give em a 'Good Friday' and 'Passover' the mic to some great comics! 8p Bellyroom
never been more ready in my life
One more hour here in the Los Angeles area for #celebapprentice and to see
How do you really feel?
Are you a small business? What do you do?
OMG! Just saw a guy with a cookie monster hat (complete with googly eyes!!) on the bus to MIT. Nerd envy!
everybodys waiting for you to breakdown. everybodys watching to see the fallout.
Bring your teddy bear to work day! "I don't think my parents liked me. They put a live teddy bear in my crib."Woody Allen. I ♥
Econ Student: If something is more expensive, people will not want to buy more of it. Substitution effect. Competition among lowest rung.
Thanks for the #FF shout out Enjoy the weekend.
love you too! and no problem!
Where are all these mouses coming from!! Maybe its summer but they're in backyards everywhere!! :)
thanks... it'll be okay, just a really shocking news story about someone I know...
Congrats Britt <3 LOVE it girl!!!!! xo
Thanks for following us!
Did I really get an attendance letter when school is almost over. Fuck off Pisd!
Did you contact your representative about PIPA and SOPA? Why not?
don't worry way ahead Of you DVR'd it since last week.
Here we go...
“:Just finished our 2nd official in-store class. I love teaching this stuff!” congrats! Love our hood
You're good at hockey and pretty cool
not true lol
welcome to this weird birdy. It just got better with your arrival.
The atmosphere looks great at IF YOU BUILD IT...THEY WILL COME.
Lil kids run up to be saying OGkush they neighborhood hero
Your welcome! :) Congrats to ! Enjoy Lincoln Park!
Day two at Chicago #GreenFest. So much to see and do and buy today!
I'm sexi & I know it...I work out! Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle...yeah!!! #favSuperBowlcommercial :)
Where the hell is Eminem lately?
Any time :) RT : thanks man
For you, anything.
My weird life - listening to talk with about the #vCloud environment I'll be managing in 2 weeks.
Dance Party Saturday?
somehow, even though it's officially offered by the Commune of Venice, the "daily toilet card" sounds quite unbeautiful
Join CARL LEE HAILEY from A TIME TO KILL and Advocate for the Release of 10% of the Millions of Humans Lock-Up in the USA ---
It IS a family movie. So there are times when there are really campy jokes. But then there are weird adult themes. I say 5/10.
As it should be #bestever RT MC bracket and Tupac edges Eminem by just over 100 votes.
vociferous houseboat: J.T. Ready (talking-points-memo)
what's your shift Friday? #illtakeit peters, we should just run shit Friday when we were supposed to be off
I've been walking Matagorda bay, thinking about you the whole day.
you are hating on the redskins? Come on man!
I think I underestimated how tired I would be today.
Latest lesson from publishing culture clash--print pub depts just try to play catch-up, digital pub depts pre-plan and test exhaustively.
Navarro gets a big insurance here in the 7th and now leads 5-3 bottom 7
money is like tetris its all bout how u stack it
When trynna lose weight, the scale sayz one thing and the body sayz another. Whatever it is, love yaself!
thanks, did not write the headline but all the other words!
you're right x) I'd lock you outside.
Os game, caps,NBA playoffs, done college and myrtle on sunday
Classes in the morning!
Trying to figure out a nice plan of things to do in Waikiki
Final beer lineup for fEASTival 2012 is announced! and ! Come thirsty May 19th!
Bout to blow this sweet an stare at naked bitches, yeap I said that shit
Hey Cel just hit u w/a msg. Holler back when u can
You gotta let this one breathe Jus
My house!
As Brett Keisel says we wont know anything bout Rainey in the Nfl til Aug.til he proves it,he is unproven
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 6
good luck :) although I'm sure you'll be fine!
Watching the fashion show rehearsal . . . Woo hooooooo. Big floral headpieces are so hot right now.
True...I'll just have to give super hugs the way you do from now ob
dm please and yes
What the boyz favorite thing about winter? -Amber Schlosser from Indiana!(:
Did you know that 1 out of every 11 American women owns her own business! Start yours today - www.thehome-office.com The hbb expert, Helene
Travis Henry of NFL fame has double digit baby mams.
fat girl wearing a shirt that says get fit
who thinks Patton should be in Troma's next movie!!!
Need a new job.whose hiring.
Thanks Steve Jobs, rest in peace
I'm bored tweet a nigga. Lol
lol till now no one has tried
Hello Glen, how are you?
new name??? 1075kissbls
Catching up with the last podcast for w/ ... pokemon???
Last day in the Couve. I have to say that it has been an enjoyable stay, although I am ready to head back to Seattle and start working!
Everyone great luv! How r u? RT : Hey Lady!! How you been?
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel is now reviewing app #130009 IndyBaroque Music.
Thank you!
I hope everyone has a wonderful day!!
Cool waiting for
we can qt :)))) only can't rock that look
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 5
Is an easy follow back! Recommend! #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Follow!
Make sure you setup a Jason Bourne deposit box with spare passport & 3 pairs of louboutins in case the natives take over Chelsea
I will be in the audience during the Republican Debate, in S. Carolina. Will SC be Mitt Romney's Waterlloo or his Victory Stand? What say U?
Movie with food and bevvies at Nitehawk in Williamsburg = the shit. Spoiler alert: the movie's NC-17.
Lol Women who remain single are likely to be high achievers of above-average intelligence.
is making..... Chicken Soup.
I just got finished watching Yung'N Tv video about lil Wayne blantly promoting satanic symbolisim smh this is a evil world we living in smh
Fighting off a head cold. Does whisky help?
If the wedding WAS today, you would have seen me tweeting furiously: OMG OMG OMG OMG.
Just passed Newt Gingrich trudging solo across K street. That guy REALLY looks like he needs a hug. And a graceful exit strategy.
#webwise what are the incentives and business model behind long-term data preservation?
Bosh finally getting the respect he deserves. Even if he wasn't playing and still looks like a Raptor...
yeah southern IN ain't exactly the culinary capital of the world. although we did get chinese take out a lot. House of Wen!
how much fun was that? I really need to big wheel it next time I go though...
Police dismantled a structure on OCCUPYDC. Some arrests, camp still there. Some went to Freedom Plaza encampment and were fed there.
You make Ladder Golf sound like quite the extreme sport, *adds to Amazon wishlist*
Absolutely. I've always wanted to be Jordy from Star Trek: TNG.
#First20SongsOnShuffle #18 Dill The Noise by and
Exactly!! Why you all up in Yankees business? Mind your mess in Queens! We got this! lol
nicely put! - the religious always want credit for not burning us at the stake
Thank you! Back at you! RT :
Agreed! RT : A1 We believe quality ingredients are the start to a healthy meal.
I love a wedding! Congratulations to Christine & Joel and Brook & Chuck! It's going to be a beautiful day :)
I just fuckin' with you kid.
auto correct can go straight to he'll
My human makes excellent fresh salsa with them: rinse them well first; blend with cilantro, garlic, chiles, salt.
Great pc games: Brave (2012 video game) by Disney Pixar
The pretentious undergrads' face sucking sound is so loud I am definitely going to Projectile Vomit.
I'm pretty sure all my followers know my boyfriends name haha
Gosh, I hope my #Math216 students can get back some of the $9.02 they spent on the textbook this semester. OER FTW
It's a good group of guys to cheer for. They remind me of the #RedWings when they were going for the cup in '97
We hope you had a great time at ! Please come back soon!
Was so happy to hear this morning on We need you back Russ!
Go on a date with #bucketlist ...yes ill be a cougar.
Thank you to all of the LC students for their kind words and support tonight. You all made it a wonderful year. See you tomorrow.
Pretty sure I've been to every prom store in Florida.. And still no dress :'(
ya i was a rare form man.... but we gotta kick it some time soon tho
This child longed for positive attention but no matter what this child did it was never seen positive in the eyes of the parents in the home
they were too busy implementing the anti-words with friends strategy to worry about little things, like jetbridges
Lololol someone reached the site today with a web search for hawk harrelson dementia. I'm surprised there aren't more
Time to hire a CMO...
Looking at the number of tweets about him, its safe to assume we caught Kony...right?
sounds like Packer material...
Jay, who is going to be your new co-host? I am going to miss Dana, what is her new role?
in the back of my mind I was thinking unless they go IPO.
Shizzzz, just I have an alegbra test today ):
One of my pet doves died today, and I miss him terribly.
I was wondering why all the streets were dug up around La Lengua, I should have assumed you had something to do with it
I literally blast at my desk and in my car daily. I'm so hood
i love you bella thorne <3
Under 2 minutes; big ben >
Im never going bungee Jumping. I was brought into this world because of broken rubber and im not leaving for the same reason.
Great job eagles and great job VY Vick get healthy and take notes.
What is this? Haven't had that in so long I hardly recognize the word.
Tonight is one for those nights I just want to crawl in to a hole and not come out.
Just saw set the record straight on Herman Cain's 9-9-9 plan on with O'Donnell. Great job!
ill be back friday morning... coyote asap!
Well, I got a lot to say ,but no one to tell. I just wanna know that he actually cared. #Torn😔
Do you know about the day here in Cincinnati and the rich Irish history?
Chuggin on white zin like its my jab
I'm going on in on must be a super power ?"
- hot in here! It's my favorite song right now <3
Make sure you get your Vitamin D this fall, especially as you see less and less sunlight. (1/2)
I've been to Michigan - not a bad state!
Escandarian: "Give me a number. I want history, I'll talk to Gene Autry."
ooohh does the mummy get a chance to "wrap it up"??
Well, at least the Dbacks lost as well.
BUYERS: historically low interest rates #3 place 2 live in the country now is the time 2 invest in ur future. Contact me program 4 everyone
Lol these ppl!
Wynn is just a tool for people that are backing him financially. these people want a gambling monopoly and dont want competitors like FullT
come on spring break with me
I've decided I no longer need sleep. Yup, I'll keep telling myself that. Doh!
is really going to miss Windows 6.
I MISS YOU TOO..LOL
i feel the same too ! the gay boys are so far AWAY !!! i just cant get enough of them . :DD
Presentation now! Ahh excitement to get this over and done with!
Its better now lolz
we should get #YEE trending! you agree? (:
People search on twitter! Check us out in South Lake Union or Bellevue. Good luck with your move!
Tallahassee friends! We're coming to you at Inside The Target Car + Gorgeous + Oh The Let Go! at The Shark Tank It's gunna be fun, and FREE!
Just realized the Knicks still haven't won a playoff series since they traded Ewing. Guess that's just the Ewing Theory.
Thanks! I cried while writing it. I love my family :)
yayy me and went on our way home and had to tell you.
Bad things happen in threes. Good things happen in sixty-nines.
Hey you should follow back
hey baby i love you :)
Hi Andrea, I plan to get n there soon. I'll fill u n when I c u.
ive been good miss u how you been ?
Ahahahahaha! I love it!
I've been up since 5 - trying to go back to sleep
That's horrifying lol! I'm glad there wasn't actually a spider in your bed!
wow that was a long time ago
To bad no more Storm Chasers on tv! ( very sad face ) Always enjoyed watching your team go after tornados.
We miss having you around!
I wanta know what you've already done, not what you finna do .
Congratulations! Let us know if we can help during your transition!
this pink color is lasting wayy too long. which should i do next teal or blue?
Bridesmaids, Crash
I just think that if we mandate that drs perform abortions we're really not advocating choice.
Listening to explain baseball to me and I only wish was here to listen to his logic
THIS TIME tomorrow night we will be rocking out to our boy, I.CAN'T.WAIT.
Sex, drugs & rock n' roll. Speed, weed & birth control. Life's a bitch and then you die. So fuck the world & let's get high!
20 pushups. I added 10 as penalty for forgetting. :)
What would you cook in your new #kitchen?
Me too Sydneey, because you are going with me. (:
"Baby One More Tampon" - Britney Spears
thats what I'm gonna study in college, and sports journalism
Sounds correct to me!
In the immortal words of "Top Gear," "That's quite a big gap you got there." Staggering even.
It's my favorite too! We are obviously from the same blood. I love the song by Hunter that she repeats throughout haha.
Studio time going in like I'm diving and I can't swim
it adds texture
quantum leap, of course
My favorite thing about the Miami Heat organization is how they cover every seat in white so it's harder to tell how many people don't go.
Every Sunday we offer all you can eat sushi for $31.95. Mondays we offer half off bottles of wine and sake!
LOL I KNEW THAT ^_^ (NAW I DID KINDA FORGET)
seriously whats up with all the stories this late every night?
Happy Easter!
any actual living and breathing continental philosopher and not a cross-dressing ordinary sort. aka analytic
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
I just got my dad to say "ERMERGERD", dat chizz is hilarious. xD
And the first nominee for the Alex Rodriguez post season award for Outstanding Bitchness, ladies and gentlemen, #LeBron James.
Hap Swift Day also!:) Happy Mother's Day ANDREA SWIFT:) MAMMA SWIFT! Lol.
Glad that you all enjoy the TEDxPhilly presentation!
to play #spain #italy #croatia. i'll be spending at least 2 weeks in #poland next summer! joxer, get the jump leads.
Mother's Saloon in Ocean Boogie TONIGHT 9-11:30pm!
Writting this down. There's a Sopranos script in here somewhere.
shut up!
yeesh, seems like ur gonna have a lot of bill signing to do
max you're my favorite band
Life Teaches.... Love Reveals
TY for following.
short-term solution: search Google with the article title. Clicking paywalled articles through Google disables paywall.
#smh u so rude
hahaha, soorry. My phone fell off of mu bed to so, yeaah. :l damn phone!
who's got two thumbs and is making steak for lunch at work? this guy.
Bobby V. - Lights Down Low
So, I have some free time tomorrow while my boyfriend goes to a concert. Any takers?! :D
Business meeting! :) RT : En route to Zakopane to meet up with !!
that movie >
RT : #IKSRTFO if they don't start handing over these checks! Imma send my Goonie Toones to lay down the LAW!
And none for Savannah Newbold. Okay bye. It's like Mean Girls.. get it?.. no? Okay then... :3
That Ace Hood lookin dude on Denver is pretty good
haha yeah I'm not sure about that one either...ill Google it
dont talk to demi shell be like what the flk
Fantasy sports time! :)
At work on this Hot ass day...wishin I was n traffic...u know wht they say $$ talks n all tht otha bullsht walks!!!
Marning twitts xD Rise and Shine UP and Adams
everybody got their opinions
true that ;*
why can't I summarize my own book?? Ug, synopsis!
when you leave for work or chillin with ya so called GF...guess who she texting to invite over fOR some good dick? ;) ..ME bruh!
any update on service returning in Baltimore?
hi laura. How are you doing. Hope. U have a good weeknd! what's new with u
Bitches wanna play in my and hair!
I hope everything works out sorry to hear that
Expecting a great crowd for ROOFTOP FRIDAYS tonight!
Chilling wit my fam .. talkin bout old fights .. my fam hood
Thank you for following. I can't think of the essence of Brookland Park.
sure thing
has had a successful two days. Aligned with an agency and voice work coming into my future :D
I can't say I like your choose! But I get it :(
much like Sean Payton waiting until he was ready
#oomf said he was going to dick slap me Smh!!!
I've even seen her.
My Annie production is on November 11 and 12th. There is 3 shows. Cant wait! Thank you!!!!
Not really, you learn that as an intern.
Ngoni! Okú! Thursday greetings to my tweeps in the Ndo (Congo and Uganda) and Nupe (Nigeria) tongue.
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn't park anywhere near the place.
-_- Smh... do you have pictures? RT hong kong
- Thanks for the follow!
what did you do?
Like skateboard?? or roller skate??
3.) Take public transportation. Or bike. Or walk. Goose Hollowers have a tough time as it is not on game days.
<3 sure is awesome
Just finished The Solitary House. Now there are two novels I want to reread immediately. wove stories together brilliantly!
Thank you for the GREATEST HASHTAG EVER
Hahaha I can't wait for the new dance moms!!!
They're so lovely.
about how much for a local 30 sec ad during super bowl??
Nike, please stop making gym shorts that are so appealing; you're not helping my addiction
the fewling of a hot tight ass on my cock
I adore twitter, but your number of tweets far surpasses mine
that piece is just for photo shoots. Ultra labor intensive. I can consult on another piece though man
Does the MKE Cty Exec no longer count as "local" control?
That's too bad. We just picked up a Spy Hunter. We'll let you know if we put it out.
My roommates are insane and drink all night. Park in my lot if u need- just go down driveway.
i think thats what the kids call it these days... how coincidental that we were gone at the same time ;)
Not now chief, I'm in the zone... See you next time!
I love lamp. #RagnarFLK #Tortoises&Hares
I wish I had known about this event!
Did the #OccupyTO protesters make their point(s)? Is it time for them to go? Is there a next step?
lets do something for 420!(:
Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts.
All I wanted was to install CS5 successfully. Magic ISO, y u no work?!!!
With both Rust and Go gaining a fair bit of attention, it's pretty awesome to see systems programming languages see some evolution
It would be nice if I had friends who actually talk/text me
lolololololol lucky for her shes all carolina “ I make luv. To a Carolina girl”
I want to join and get these crustations.
do you ppl actually believe that?Why would docs exodus in droves from socialized nations?
Rumor has it Tacos Marquitos may make an appearance….
Just finished reading "The immortal life of Henrietta Lacks". Wonderful read for all who use western medicine.
#Albuquerque got a mention on the Tonight Show by Jay for those 3 men arrested for stealing toilet paper from a restaurant....GREAT.
Preparing for my birthday :)...does that breaking year from 21 to 22 automatically enter me into "the real world"?
lol ... just trying to be like u.
Just added Show @ House of Blues New Orleans 9/28/2012 Can't wait to see & play with some friends!
road tripping this summer! fuck wv, the pools, and the fair.
I don't like everybody....
Sounds like some Dr. Suess to me! :P
are we looking solid? Whos playing well?
Carl speaking to a full house at the Cinco DeMaio event. Such a fun event
I like the new icon :)
#IThankGod for life, family, music, sand kiwi c: but most importently for dieing on the cross for me (:
Loved meeting up with today! Hope you had a great day :)
Nope - not straight yet. All gay men love boobs.
yes, they offer a my kcup to reuse for your own coffee
Made jam out to Sweet Home Chicago on our way home from work Friday... Hahaha We Represent Hard ChiTown!
A Sydney judge ruled that Men at Work must share a part of its royalties for "Down Under" with the publisher of a classic children’s song.
Job search tip of the day: Take a good hard look at your social media profiles, are you REALLY putting your best face forward?
Need somebody to bring me some food! I'm finna die!
I feel so loved right noww.. Not.
I'm kind of hungry for a burrito
1 game like Randy Cross said. After that he is looking at some serious multi games
I wish fans would spend as much time celebrating great calls like that, which help their teams as they do the howlers
Great job on CNN describing net neutrality, but wish Rick would have given you a chance to talk without interrupting so much!
i just wanna fall in love
I wrap filming and immediately find myself sick. At least I held out until we were done. Not a great feeling on Mother's Day though.
Hurrah! Enjoy your new manatees! <3
You probably walk to your seat before the half inning is over at a baseball game too.
A pair of Japanese pitchers in TX trump Mitt & Newt RT : I'll admit it: I prefer watching baseball to politics. Time to retire?
Judging by first period attendance spring break starts today, not tomorrow.
Seriously. It makes you sick doesn't it?
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did! ??
Sometimes you have to care less, in order to see if they'll care more..
mourning? My condolences to you Jordan Summer.
Thank goodness has a special 99c latte for valentines day. It's just the afternoon pick me up I needed.
Money Saving Tip #27: Cancel unused club memberships.
take iron pills.
"Ohh darlin, cause you'll always be my baby"
but we can't get to where we are without research. Don't think that's fair? Too much?
smack ass friday (:
Must have been me... looking good now.
i get mad every our. at least twice.
Well tomorrow will be my birthday
I think it's right.
Enjoyed shooting a wedding yesterday with a good friend and fire fighter Chris!
Happy Monday everyone. Don't forget, O'Lydia's Christmas party is this Wednesday 11am to 11pm. I hope to see you here.
Will be giving away 2 nights comp @ one of the casino resorts in Las Vegas to one of our lucky followers on twitter..GOOD LUCK
River Ridge w/ 1-2-3 finish in pole vault led by Andy Breuer's first-place leap of 10-9. RR with a 16-point lead over Albany in boys meet.
8 tips to gain CFO&#39;s wellness program buy-in — Business ...
me too! So cute!
Survived my first day at work
Need list! What's the most tasty, easy to eat, yet most metal treats to take on the road?
Keys to success: small group of people, disseminate widely, institutional/author registration.
where at??
MONSTER DUNK BY J.WISE!!!
First weekend officially as Revere was smooth operating! So happy the Vertical Fashion Show got some international attention for #Boston!
President 's Towtruck pulls USA outa Ditch, #ALEC & GOP slash the tires, PourSugarInGastank,&yell: WE NEED A SMALLER TRUCK
RT : Best Actress Spirit Award goes to Michelle Williams for My Week with Marilyn!
See any movies this past weekend? Let us know what you liked!
The sweetness of victory is magnified by the effort it took to achieve it.
that wont stop anything. you're so done! lolol
I always had one..didn't I? LoL
#thatawkwardmoment when you see someone and they recite one of their tweets that you've already read word for word
Hi Folks ! Brand new Craft Fair is Coming to Wash Park !
Hey come check me out and make sure you follow me Queen.
A sober Jerquan is just as ugly tho.
Let's meet for lunch sometime soon. Let me know when you're free. :-)
Commission discussing visualizations for Congressional districts in Riverside county.
VERY INSPIRATIONAL
Farewell, somebody's gonna miss you. Farewell, somebody's gonna wish that you were here. That somebody's me.
RT : Interesting fact frm : MN is only state that specifically bans mercury in cosmetics. Did skin lightener investigation.
GOOD LUCK! You'll do great today--wishing you lots of success from DC!
I did you my homegurrll of course imma follow you back!
Podstawski (my gym teacher) i apologize but i can't go to the biggest class of judo in the world .**
Dear , Thank You For Auto-Save! My #Windows7 custom CPU crashed as I was working on a business e-mail. I "rebooted" & viola...
The 's kicking off the 2012 National Health Care for the Homeless Conference & Policy Symposium in Kansas City.
Who would have thought we would get to use Tony La Russa and Kim Kardashian's name in the same sentence?
you got it hash will be available tomorrow...
Yes there's definitely a lot going on. Not *all* birdseyes though!
who is in the us bitch
Time for a show!
Vatican NOT electing a new Pope. Smoke is from burning Bronco jerseys.
See, my problem is I'm scared of my own shadow. I still haven't quite shaken the clown scene from 'Poltergeist.'
Ah... checking my twitter for the first time all week... I seem to have the need for spontaneous "drop everything and be a hermit" weeks;)
so what you doing today
we're glad too! ;)
It's easier to change my route than try not to look at the crazy dance lights.
I just want to be an alcoholic so someone takes care of me all the time.
2/2 Wife - I am so prouf of you. btw don't forget to pick up my birth control prescription from CVS. Congressmen - you got it!!!
LA was always going to be team to beat in 2012. Go do it. RT : Doesn't 4-0-0 mean currently best in #MLS? SKC also beat NE who beat LA
Great to hear you back behind the mic, Baker! Excellent podcast this week. You're a natural!
pretty crazy to me how long this guy at work spends on the phone makin personal calls
That nap fucked everything up... Smh now im gonna be up all night.
Yes we do.. Sorry for the late reply, grab our email or phone number from our site for a quicker reply.
San Antonio Police Eagle Unit makes emergency landing on 281. All are ok!!!
So upset and mad at myself....all because of you! Its ridiculous of how much you mean to me....and you dont even know it.
We're hearing share her amazing story of her life as a digital nomad and #zen lessons she's learned!
Terrific...and modest too. :-) RT : Mine is all personality because I'm so terrific! ;)
Where are all the critters??
I guess it is okay to kick a puck into the goal in the NHL now. At any rate, #NYR WIN!
Its pretty bad!! and allergy medicine wont even help my allergies anymore.
Abraham Lincoln vampire slayer......why
Killing it! RT Canopies live on
Alright let's go! You bring the laughter, I'll give the tour (of Buffalo)
Is your online exposure at the level you want it to be? www.weneedtohirethem.com
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you can be totally yourself ❤
Changing project ideas ten hours before it's due like yeah. Hopefully I don't fail like yeah.
Im in a waiting room why are there always two year old copies of red book and people
what grade would you give Solder so far this year?
bad pic alert. He called me out while walkin around warped 04 and said "nice shirt". My 2 fav bands in :)
The NHL Heritage Classic also set an NHL event record for both total sponsorship revenue and activation
ER has been good. What a table match finish! LOL Congratulations ! Freakin' Epic!
Point 4 funding wheel "Large, regular tuition hikes" Recent years of state policy built in a 7-10 percent tuition increase every year.
Tick Tock Just a wee more than 3 hours to place holds... www.denverlibrary.org
You wear so little clothing most of the time, you probably have to put something ON to take a bath. Please keep it up.
Im so tired I forgot I was tired
See you tonight, Providence! We'll be at 201 Westminster St in our finest. Join us for karaoke from 9:30 til close!
I love and miss ya Rav Rav! I hope to see you soon :)
#marac local arrangements committee was fantastic!
isn't that a naked website?! 
sounds good, you still work with wide angle youth?
Licking a bowl with hot stuff in it = owwwieeeeee :(
Please tell me u've been to hooters??
Alright, time to get ready for Improv class. Survivor and Game of Thrones are set to record.
looking forward to next talk on E-Discovery at
will be loving life for the next 15 hrs of cutting weight.
Off to SOSH for YP Week - Milwaukee #SocialMedia Discussion
I'm so grateful to be alive!
Still a 7-3 game in Monroe in top of the fifth as the Cheesemakers lead Milton
Madonna is killing it on MDNA. Seriously killing it! It's impossible to be still when listening.
While grabbing a beer I picked up my fourth personal.
Hey guys, unfortunately we will not be playing on Sunday. We apologize some things just came up. In the meantime check out Amurica Fest!
me too! Why are you coming so far ha?
Random Thought: Always control & write yr own narrative. No 1 else controls it nor shld U evr allow anyone else 2 do so.
Bummer. You may need a nap.
MM HM say it honey (rolls up) :-)
omg the update!!
Thanks for the RT
Hum! Hope tmr go good as planned & hopefully even more!
every day i tweet a few times"I love you♥" and i always hope he will reply to me with "love you too"..this will never happen
oh shit my bad i thought u was jay v
1st Lt David Johnson motorcade is getting off on Highway 60 to go through Hartford.
Me too! I feel your pain!
I have been discriminated against by my own dark skin brothers and sisters. The promotions I received came from white men. So sad...smh
As the meaning of design and strategy converge all solutions become analogous.
Have a hot date with the washer tonight...the piles we have around the house make it look like 20 people live here!
um why are you so pretty??
find me #leanin with this summer
Awesome. Worth going you think or should I just take him to Best Buy?
Nap then gym
Good morning(:
Presentations are staring!
I'm liking this new twitter app lbs
I heard that too!
Sara, thanks for coming out & helping make this inaugural event a blast! We can't wait for next year.
Chris bosh looks like one of the middle stages from an animorphs cover
Teachers matter!!!
sandy the squirrel has never said one funny line..
Ran 2 miles at the gym on the track last night - yet my forearms are sore today. How does that make sense?
Must-Read Caldeira: 'The Only Ethical Path Is To Stop Using The Atmosphere As ... - ThinkProgress
Omg. When I first heard Harry speak I was all like, "why so deep and slow?" and now... i...talk...ju...st...like...th..at. :D
Have you seen the new look in Twitter? I'm getting use to it. How about you? :-)
baby c; XD
It's a gift.
I hate when people BS me
Hey Kyle! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!
go hear the song yellow by coldplay :D
But I love the money
Snow sirens snow sirens. 2 hour commute
I don't know where to get it!!!!! and i don't have a DS3D
I have thug in my blood.
Houston Hoops drop one to Southern Kings 61-58.
“: that fat one kept kissing the old man.” Gotta look out for the fat one.
my gpa will drop most likely because I will be playing the game so much
hi! I love you and miss you!
no means no bitch
Resign & re-sign are two different things y'all. So when you tweet #resign28 then I think about giving 28. So do it right
Keep that shit G .
DreamWorks "I AM NUMBER FOUR" has come to Pittsburgh thanks in part to Steeltown's involvement in passing the PA film tax credit!
if it were true it would have happened by now :P
magic suck n the second half
I always need more commas. Commas are not my friend. I want them to be, but no.
Hey ya Suzi -- thanks for all your tweets. Hope you're having a great Monday!!
gurl you go!!!! i hate how lady gaga is trying to take her crown!!
12 days of Tebow- 12 lineman missing, 11 announcers piping down, 10 lords that love him, 9 models waiting, 8 made another win, 7 in a row
You have a better student to computer ratio than most public schools can claim on their best days.
You know what grinds my gears when someone uses my comb but dont take the hair off the damn comb (-_-)...Nasty!
RIP Patrick Crandall <3 You will never ever be forgotten
not at all. How's mexico? :)
I think we're heading out to see the boor tides tonight? Anyone else?
i miss you too don't let your heart break! we can visit, you still have so many people you have to see! I love you!
thanks for the follow..
What are you building?! is it for an exhibit?!
everyone know me lol but i was embarsiing with that crazy girl she told me i hate selena cauz i'm jealous of her she's crazy isnt she? lol
Worried sick for my girlfriend right now...
#revision #writing-At last! Today revised and edited 31 pages of novel #2...2 yrs it's been waiting for me to get with it.
Having a productive day with !
Already ready for this day to be over.
Good Morning!
To all new followers, thank you 4 following us.
Borgia sitz sounded great! Outstanding sounds from and
Local Beer Fest will be delicious! #ChicagoCraftBeer,
": Salute!" Peace Soldier! I hope all is well. Have a great day.
"I have yet to hear a man ask advice on how to combine a marriage and a career." Steinem is speaking to me today.
You bet it was. Love that show.
Currently teaching myself coding and google analytics!
Procrastination will prolong your destination! Do it and do it NOW!
Dang. Derrick Rose I feel your pain. Take it from Why do all the great point guards tear their ACL's this year?
115 gigabytes of photos + video taken on my last trip. I think I have a problem
you should !:)
HWN played at extremely low volume
If you ask me #whyad2, I'll say to learn, network and be inspired by your peers. I wish was around when I started out
T.I "U Know" track is dah shit. Remind me of my dude
So apparently Ian's Pizza on State has a Fish Fry slice!? Why was I not made aware of this???
“: I wish Beyoncé was my mom.”
he woke up?
Testing it out right now. I'll let you know how it goes.
So says I'm responsible for getting the dancing on hq office warming! XOXO
My iphone 4 lock button isnt clicking any more i gotta push really hard should i just order the part and fix it my self? had it over a year
She sure did! I caught her before the meet & greet but she signed, etc
Thank you all who came out to the show last night! We had a blast and hope you did too! Can't wait till the next one!
This was great! : Let your hair down and come see #Rapunzel this weekend! Tickets $10-$22! Call 301-280-1660 right now!
Very well done indeed! Thanks for sharing.
on to the next one.
#GoTribe Come on tribe, you're better than that
I have never seen a Harry Potter film. I have no reason why, just one of those things. I feel very detached from my own culture these days.
Uggghh....honey, get you a nap on the plane! You gone need a siesta.
im trying
What? Lorne never asked you to host? That sucks!
thanks for the shout out. Cheers.
hi babe
Jaso catching tomorrow
My principal is the definition of demon
and your simile look good as well
welcome to the team!
And a "Friends of Weird Life" community to manage it is in place - please join!
talking to my dad about the plans for chicago and the 1D concert.
The constant misuse of the word "humble" must stop! I'm looking at you, athletes and coaches!
Good luck to the US Womens World Cup Team today.
I'm nothing special .. just a fangirl .
wats up jo how u been?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs this will be a shoot out because both stafford and brees can throw
First two books bought for the new Kindle are textbooks for next semester. Will spend time learning how to use it properly first.
Wearing a sports bra is probably the BEST feeling ever!!
"I apologize for any skipping tracks This the last girl that play me left a couple cracks......
thanks and sure thing ;)
awesome thanks for coming by!!!
