I'm sorry but Blake bout to get Beat Up tonight!
#TMKY11 #edchat If I own a video that I would like to share with students, is it possible to create a video clip to embed into my website?
Thats the spirit! RT : LOVE THE SOUND OF MOTORCYCLES!!!! Welcome back.. It's that time again and not pregnant this summer. Yay
I think I need to check in to your blog more often. Looks like you need some sheep, though. ;) ;)
ALL TALK!
MIDDAY at noon: Reversing terrorist radicalization, University of Maryland Response to Terrorism
i was once happy. . .
Or is #Truth too risky these days? Journalism is the new dumpster diving - Trash and it all stinks.
Internet Marketing Humor Part 1
heh. The original was written for cnet in 99. amazing to see how far the field has come!
WE SHOULD ARRANGE A MEET AND GREET LIKE ASAP
"The Wackest Rapper" is trending..#Twitter finna get me started.lol
Try changing your pswrd first
just enjoying fam. And taking care of business.
I don't listen to that crap bud... But I still love you...
Hm- how far away from Beachwood are you?
#c2css12 Angelo's Seven Axioms of Classroom Assessment. Read it! Classroom Assessment Techniques!
Football! Football! Football! #SundayFunday!
Story meeting today at 3:30 at Truax campus in room 130. Stop by if you can!
& I miss you!
Let me have a midnight snack
If you havent seen the sing-off yet on NBC, you are missing out. Afroblues is amazing.
Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. RT : "It was nice to see you...your dad's gay."
I bought a ticket at chicagos midway airport yesterday. There was no line
you are a mess!
Headed to Baltimore to install collaborative piece with Sam
No, we don't have our radio ads online. Can we help you with anything?
RT : i wanna go lesbian se!
This guy is a little freaky. We'll see if he can dance.
#What2ChainzWouldSay take a trip, on this flight, fine ass bitch, on my right, watchin her take a sip, I bet she great with a trailer hitch!
Excited to be chatting with our multicultural students online tonight! We love talking to new eagles at !!!!!
It's official. #instagram is on the droid. GameOver:/
sighting at State St. What a small world. All I know is kid can rock a purple tie like a champion.
Can somebody tell me why Harry Potter in Spanish costs $10, but the same book in Italian is no cheaper than $50?
I went to the new one that opened up in Dupont, it was pretty good.
Use the Manic Panic "Atomic Turquoise", others will ruin your hair.
You do that
Yea keep it safe!Lol well packing my last bag for flordia!My flight got delayed because of storms!Bye!♥
Way to many notes! #sleep is needed so bad right now!
A great day of history and now the concert. I couldn't ask for anything more!
I bet he doesn't pay a dime in child support.
in the florida sea breeze
sure, but there are more specific provisions that gave Goodell authority to suspend Vilma and others. See "off-field conduct"
How are hockey fans supposed to properly digest this terrible day without you and 's voices putting it all into words.
don't you wish you were at
Central Procurement Agency for purchase of medicines soon
Final 4 for EA Madden Cover: Aaron Rogers, Patrick Willis, Cam Newton, Calvin Johnson. LET'S GO ROGERS!!!
RT : Finally. practice on Wednesday!
You know it's gonna be a good day when your hair doesn't look like a dead thing on your face. ;)
I want us to be more then friends (;
aww, thanks for or the love and support
always taking the credit, somehow I am not suprised
My mom is so drunk.
Trying to stay paperless, any ideas for a site for a 6th grade class to create their own fairytales online?
call me bro
messing with people, because they're stoned and it's funny>>>
Florence Welch (+ Machine) is a force of nature. Firebomb hair, voice like an avalanche...really enjoying the new album Ceremonials.
"Reading and sauntering and lounging and dozing, which I call thinking, is my supreme happiness." David Hume, born on this day in 1711.
who could you possibly owe an apology to?
Chie is a house manager warrior and our hero! Thanks Chie!!!
yes and so is Finding Nemo. At least that's the case for me 2-yr old!
If you're not coming to the wine tasting tomorrow, come to Amerigo at around 8:30 for some fine afterparty fellowshipping, Booze Camp style.
Nice Insider on the #Mets. Had Sanchez remained healthy, #Mets might have enjoyed more success in past four seasons.
It's true though, Canadians are the nicest people I've ever met!
why is everybody's #MindInTheGutter recently?? lol
While necessary, public transportation is the worst
Umm yeah it is.
Thank you for checking out my Boards on Pinterest–it is habit forming!
Found out yesterday I was accepted for a residency at Wildacres in NC. Planning to use it to start a piece for Rhymes With Opera!
- i'm with a radio network looking for interviews on protests
If at first you don't succeed destroy all the evidence that you tried
Rain: a bald Starfleet Captain's worst enemy. You win for now, rain.
:) Yeah, it's pretty dang exciting. But also terrifying. But in a good way.
Heading over to Foothills Mall in a few minutes to celebrate a birthday and enjoy happy hour!
I wished they would show how many people are really losing there homes and apartments.
A passionate makeout session would be nice right now.
I know u'll make us proud B!
#Avengers was so badass!!! Round 2 on monday!
spiked. I've never seen you with spiked hair before
With around 30" of new snow in the last few days, Snowbird MUST open tomorrow for us! PULEEEEEAAASE!
Bank next door was robbed. Question - why would you hold up a bank next door to GSA & DOJ, and across from ATF?!
compassion really is the key; isn't it? I hope you live a long, healthy, a fruitful life :-)
Had THE weirdest dream ever about the beautiful boy from the baseball game. He was like posessed by a dog......
I'm in for an show! , you too?
I like reading   tweets just because \_("/)_/
Lots of really good #Rugby games this weekend ... Getting my #superRugby fix on
Tostada for lunch ;)
I like it.
wrestling is real and you and cops are fake
Happy Holidays from me and mine to you and yours!
I need these now. Are they at any bricks & mortar stores in Wash DC???
ooh, which program are you going to do?
2 good drives to work in a row! Thanks plows!
Bright N Early
text me 📱
so an iPad probably behaves like a smartphone... Will have to test that before the #PODHBCU conference. Thanks!
welcome to TWITTER...I broke ya TWEET cherry!! <3 xox
If your not going to Brad this weekend I don't like you
Im about to just skip & go home
Me too. Interesting back story don't you think ?
6 MINUTES!! TILL LAUNCH
Nolan Smith....Congrats
have fun at Leadville. Good luck with your pace making. I'll be running 13.1 tomorrow am. Not quite 100, but...
Monday, Monday...So good to me........ What are you doing on this bright and beautiful Monday morning?
Newcastle mini kegs are the bomb dot com.
:( RT : My days just don't start well when the Clippers lose the night before...
flowers, sorry
-wonders what the hell that is-
voted like 20 times your welcome
These are death penalty offenses you cannot attack an americans internal organs its not a joke <Belinda Jackson>
Any man that eats regularly at Tender Greens probably has a tender asshole from being fucked in it.
Back at school. I already miss the family and Pei Wei usually covers that though.
haha maybe I should. This weekend is writing itself.
dude - does alice soccer have a google calendar??
Really......are you serious....:facepalm: He's the WORST guy on stage!
Lets go #kansas...you ate my national champion team.....I dont need my bracket busted more
I love you
Just started a Run. 77 °F, 11mph N, 56%
I have never had any Hawaiian coffee before, do the beans smell and taste much better?
Good luck with that!
yep well she up now for a minute
thanks! Yeah it always humid humid humid here that time of year. At least I will be pretty acclimated
An egg is a symbol of two people?
okay so Houston wont get a bliztkid show so now I got to take a trip to el paso but it's worth it to see michale graves and blitzkid (:
I'm probably really going to regret seein this midnight movie at school tomorrow.
no idea what I'm doing
I wish that I could have this moment for LIFE!!
Thanks for the follow - I went to High School in Bremerton. Pac Northwest golf is the best
Einstein's Special: Turkey & Cheddar Melt Combo $7.99! New draft beers available @ Pepper's Bar: Bud light, Stella Artois, Sam Adams and Blu
Mexico is coming to Seattle next month gotta go get my ticket soon
i did on facebook
I've tried messaging u twice on FB but it won't go through!!
Zeev Cohen, after recently receiving his Master Level went to England to conduct an Instructors Seminar
Yeah apparently even though it comes with clips for compact travel, you're not actually supposed to use them.
you look so good! ur hair looks so pretty and its grown out! :)
nice gator you got in that pic! Wow
what it dew my dude???..yo follow ur boy back...workin on sumthin I wanna holla at u about soon....
Butterflies taste with their feet.
That moment when your mom yells your middle name... you know your ass is gunna get chewed.
And partly cloudy yayayay!!
Everyone, even U, is entitled to act stupidly, but you are just abusing the privilege.
Come in anytime this fri and tell the counter worker that "large Marge sent you." to receive 2 one-topping slices for $5 pls tax. Only fri.
Who is the Chinese?
Hey, Boo. Look who's twit twitting on twitter!! Jobby Job? Good for ju!
this crime on the katy trail reminds me i need new pepper spray....
is stepping into a new venture
Its so hot
!!!!! RT : Yo Fabolous is one of the slickest punch line rappers.
School is to long and I can't listen to music. Our bus driver is just sitting here and BLAH!
With whitney on her birthday at her modeling interview!
The #2 and #3 best sellers in nonfiction this week are by BlogHers!
Thanks Dan! - RT : Welcome back to old stomping grounds, Land Use Cmte - using pwr of Pub Advocate to intro bill re green tech
set fire to the rain cover= amazingg once again girl
You can wash a dish one thousand times...You will never learn anything about the dish but, You will learn about yourself.
wow what was that lol( b) wow
Excellent! Bring on the
Calling all Kansas City food truck fans, we need your help. What are your favorite trucks in the metro?
Same here, looking forward to collaborating with you!
you more silly toes :D
Are you really one of the organizers for Rizzoli Con?
omg the lights are going to go out
U couldn't tell ur big sis though? U better bring ur behind from across the street & give me the updates! Lol! Congrats!
We saw a midnight show last night and I'm so glad we did. It's a really well-done film. From cinematography to performances
Firehook Bakery of Dupont Circle offers special orders for Cake & Catering - call (703) 263-2253! Call us for your next event!
Just saw screening of ARGO, wow! Kudos to Ben Affleck for capturing the Iranian hostage situation in '79. Thanks for tix!! :)
the completed interview is up now!
Nice to meet you today!
This year he is healthy and playing well If he continues to play like this no one miss Howard
Searching through the typical inbox? It’s a little like keeping your entire closet in a pile, then searching through it for your favorite so
Being taster for Taste and Tweet is experience to be shared. apply 2day at TasteTweet.com. it's fun and tasty Plz RT
Dear youtube, LET ME X OFF MY SUBSCRIPTIONS!
I'm seriously sorry about that!
red all your resent tweets lol
We miss you Heather!!!
I know, went to the website and it only shown Little Rock.
Wait. People are still out here advertising reverse mortgages?
Actor Rowan Atkinson has been discharged from hospital after sustaining a fractured shoulder blade in a car crash this week.
That feeling when you're not with your best friend >>> Awful. ₪₪₪₪
Go Marlee Walker of Blues to Do TV! You told it to the City Council.
That awkward moment when you're dancing in an empty grocery aisle and then someone comes around the corner...
#youwassexyuntil you started using incorrect verbiage.
I like the fix.
im my Fav
Tue 7/19 Mark Towns on drums w Keith Vivens bass & Skip Nallia piano @ Eddie Vs
#RT Check out website for the lasted news and his RestLyss Style Magazine interview...find out what Shameiks up to..
Charting Cavada's transition from US citizen to Cuban guerilla / J. Aleman
when tumblr is over capacity <<<
Chick baby don't give a fuck!!! Rip
I wish he knew wat i think about him!
coaches talking about the glory days #again #helpfulmuch?
can this get any worse?
House passes resolution to intervene in Lobato case on voice vote.Now to Senate.
I just found someone on omegle and did the whole Mr green/blue conversation with them from The Incredible Hulk
Working at #tjmaxx Orlando Fl :-D
yes its hard, we like em all!
can you guess what Facebook's IPO would be if this was 2012?
What can you can about the Saturday night game OU vs Texas Tech?
Parkas, check. Tire chains, check. Thirst for beer and knowledge, check. here we come!!! BBG is heading down to Bend today!
And the truth is there ain't no hope for the future
Establishing an association between your brand & value prop is the key. Once you've done it, don't try to undo it.
wow bro Kissed another ?I kno how u feel I just want Mireya back & I try so hard :/ . It's like the girls we love Dnt care
i weep.
I wish! Hot dog stand is outdoors in the parking lot of our office building complex.
Got my tickets for at in August. Looking forward to that show.
let's go! LA here we come! Customer development!
Since JSONG pointed it ou...i'm #flashtheater -ing soon! Jsong too!
really? I thought you woulda won this time for sure. I don't know but keep trying!
Thanks for the #Mozcation. Excellent event...as always.
hahaha good one!
: thanks coming. Where would we be if everyone agreed about everything :)
i love watching thrillers and then tryna predict whats gonna happen next... come up with some crazy fuckin twists
Happy 4th to everyone! Remember to be safe and know that it's STATEWIDE NO REFUSAL WEEKEND!
Good :). Madeon in only 17, he's insane.
tonight at the Habit in York
“: Competition research last night kept you out late.”. I will definitely be using this one in the future.
TOP OF THE WEST
oh....haha I still need to get money!!! :)
lol thanks girl! I'm excited for tonight! I hope I don't die pretending I do yoga!
LOOKING FOR BEATS FOR GOOD MUSIC ARTIST. ALL PRODUCERS SEND DM.
At the fish party at SXSW.
A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way
So who's gonna check out our songs? They are free to download on fb :)
+1 RT get to know your customer- its the key ingred. to deliver constant value + exceed expectations
This is very cool!
Base model #iPad is back in stock at MacMedics Millersville. We had sold out for for the holidays.
Ronnie Dobbs plays it's first show March 25th! Details soon.
"I can...take you wonder by wonder--over, sideways, and under." Damn. Disney's dirty
#Loyno always remember: "Wherever you go, go with all your heart." ~ Confucius
if constant comment tea were a literary genre, it would be the epic.
Hanging with in Dallas. Afraid of what he'll do tonight!
haha my recipe made 6 there were only 2 of us to eat them so plenty of spares for pics
Good morning. The auto food feeder I got for my cat failed. Poor thing had no food while I was away! Yeah, I'm returning that.
Today and tomorrow: finishing the last of my grading for the semester!
I like this. So simple and obvious. I'll just try not to mutter or sound nervous. Hah. I feel 16.
I can't believe libraries still suspend computer privileges when people have too many fines. Come on now!
Lo, you a crackphean.
Executive Assistant needed ASAP! Pays $57,000/yr for qualified candidates. For more info apply online or give us a call today!
new song: I Wanna WALK with you - Aaaaaalllll night
Help raise $ and awareness! You have to meet this incredible 5 yr. old girl losing her sight to LCA, is already blind. Please RT!
thanks for standing me up. I've had my bags packed for PCB. Still Sittin my big black ass at home. Rude.
hahaha no silly I meant the guy from the ring standin outside all night! Cutie pie, he was.
Lord please stop the Nicki Minaj Music!!! PLEASE!!!
alright im going to bed, but keep trending guys!
Watching #MegaDens on 't wait to see & the Schlopy fam episode!
it was a pleasure meeting you. If we are ever in LA we will definitely do a recording with you. Single Ladies unite!!!
have fun Mary & say hello from Ruthy Otero. :)
no legit.. he wont even do his meet and greets and will just runaway because yeah.. im phsyco!
where can I get the pdf I the flyer, I'd like share the info? this Saturday @ Reid Temple North, Silver Spring MD
Another fantastic summer weekend - sun, Summer Sizzle, African World Festival, & the Air and Water Show... we had a LOT of fun! Thanks MKE!
sounds like shes desperate
Now watching Tyler Perry's "The Haves and Have-nots" in Columbia, SC.The first of his plays I've seen. Hope it's good :)
in honor of dr. strangelove and the current weather forecast, i'd like to get a #fluids thing going today. you with me?
caveman stepping on people faces and busting out his shoes! Lol
It was nice having Kirk Muller as Admirals coach for those 17 games......Good luck in Carolina!
My heart is in my stomach. 39 more seconds cats!!!
i'm not sure what to say about the movie killer inside me.
People who don't text back annoy me, so much.
RT Last day to RT to win Eternal Tango gala tix ($600 value) w/ YUMMY! bites by us!
Is Elton John a Gleek? Could be.
Happiness. You can't pay for that.
please promise us u wont take away from us  :(
Shelly, I saw the update & loved it. I am so happy for you and so happy for your family! You've come a long way. Be proud.
He doesn't play for us (Nielson and Kronberg are too good in front of him) but he kills at the U20 level, despite being only 18
In honor of my hero, my new DJ name is DJ Captain Steve Rogers effective immediately!
I'm in love with you :*
I was tryin to listen tht's a BS show ppl blaming when we only loose but not giving credit when we win
Save the jobs! Vote Obama OUT!!!
Ouchy. Time for the knee brace. D:
yes, sorry about that. :)
on sale now 7.95 and free shipping
Finally home thank u baby Jesus
hey there - I sent a friend your way for your account manager gig. Hope it's a fit. And that ur having fun!
I don't need ur approval,but if u wanna give me some, ill know just what to do with it :)
this is great. you're making it less scary. normally i'd be freaking out. :D
Would love a tips and tricks list on hiring for social while keeping a hold of your authentic voice!
RT ": #ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore you expect me to put in 100% effort & you put in 0% ... Doesn't work that way."
pure joy as always, plus I was trying to learn how read left to right
=O oh my goodness we are! LOL, he would be proud.
fixing your favorite dog for u today at Kmart, US31S, Greenwood, C U there...
yes i will help i haven't had a job in two years so why not help to make things better email me
Because you stupid enough to make some type of bet for the Knicks against the Heat in a 7 game series haha
yes the first ones but I fell off my youtube game,myself <3 ur makeup looks in ur birthday pics, get it! r going back to the A?
my new app. A few extra stops for the cheap ticket One more and I'm home
Complexity of issues requires multidimensional approaches from people w/ similar inquiry
Ms. Congeniality?
I hate white people so much.
think my Johnny Depp reference made him say it
I was thinking about doing it too. I love Shakeology but I switched to a less expensive shake and I love it!
you know it.... the off season kills me
Well welcome to the Cascade area and lets link...Whatever we can do to help what you do, is part of our mission.
what house?
Dear : I humbly offer forth the name Ambient Crickets. Wrote those words in a grad paper & thought, "Band name!" :)
im in love with a strippppeer
I Will keep you posted. Not sure if it's at 9 or 10.
#didyouknow The Perigrine Falcin is the world's fastest animal. They can fly 200mph. Neat.
This week better go by fast!
thank you for the #FF! We always miss #FF due to scheduling conflicts!
All you had to do was ask.
Hey hey Bam Bam! Thanks for the S/O! Have a great weekend
just flashed me and did cartwheels.
I love teen mom!!!!!
bout 2 die of boredom
Following Back(;
Very funny. Started my morning with a smile. Not surprising I was very good at math in school. My favorite subject.
time is money all gas no lunch breaks ya digg
I love you, buddy ...
your mom's sense of justice and fair play is unerring
Gudmorning retweet to say it back
Done cooking I so don't like to cook for a few ppl I prefer big grips of ppl I can't cook for just 4 not enough ppl
you should go into the jungle, that would definitely be one of the best series ever !!!!!! :D
maybe he made a stop at the before the press conference.
Thanks for the
Jealous of my poetic style of language.
there was no need for that study. Years & years of research shows that tech does not --> higher scores.
is your phone dead?? Call me
hang in there amare. All men make mistakes. The real men admit them and learn from them
NHL players to participate in ambitious concussion research project The most comprehensive concussion study ever undertaken plans to foll
Every time i close my eyes, it's like a dark paradise.
when r u goin to post ur imagines
that's dope I'm always happy to hear about friends progressing towards awesomeness R u going back to school to teach??
Loving the game so far. Wish I was there in person instead of watching on TV. Go #Sporting!
On days as hot & sticky as today was here in Chicago, always have to wonder why so many people flock to Houston, as hot\humid as H-town is.
I remember seeing #Whitney at Summerfest in 1987.. It was one of her first concerts.. She said she was nervous
Caron Butler showing some heart playing thru his broken hand
With in french class <3
A wise man learns by the mistakes of others, a fool by his own. Latin Proverb
Sack for the 2 point coonversionnnn
Boggy uterus
She ain't real
Careful with those!!
If running your mouth had the same effect as actual running there would be a lot more skinny bitches walking these streets
I WANNA STAY UP ALL NIGHT AND JUMP AROUND UNTIL WE SEE THE SUN! I WANNA STAY UP ALL NIGHT & FIND A GIRL AND TELL HER SHE'S THE ONE!!
but my singing makes up for it, soo
Its so beautiful outside! Makes me wanna jump in the pool
I can't stand it here I want to leave if I could I would right now but no they would call the cops and blah blah blah
Be the change you wish to see in the world ..start by RT #teamVinnyV to all your followers ..14 year old wrestler with stage 4 lymphoma
haha awwwh sux for u! should move here, its peaceful and quiet yet there they found a dead body not even a mile from my friends
Love this! Good job Tariq! RT : #timsanity now trending worldwide
Vegas vegas vegas, #hangover 3 w ryan medler and
my mom feels bad for me so yeah she'll come pick us up lolz
Thank you also. Looking forward to your tweets! “: thanks for the follow (: <3”
Please explain to me why I trust nobody, but still tell people things just to get fucked over.
Wat would u do if i said ur momma stink and she'sa hoe?
You need to come to open house on the 18th. It will be filmed for TV.
Love hearing my dad's version of Justin Bieber's Christmas Song. Quite the competition.
Friendly reminder: This Wed. 6/22 we'll be hosting a booth at Club One Silicon Valley, so come stop by & get your #fancy on!
First time in a while that my flight arrived on time in Atlanta, and of course this time no change of terminal. At last no running, huzzah!
I want to give a shout out to It is a pleasure being on your team
“ “ Well, KCAL will have ONE more game(Game 6 in Denver)...Thursday at 7PM on Channel 9””
should follow her own damn twin sister back.
lol oh come on. gosh mine hurts :/
First time ever saying this, but
It was an epic night, over 700 came out. We'll do it again Sat. Feb 2, 2013. Follow us to stay updated
mostly because Saarinen is dead. But, I hear he's got some talented grandchildren...
will you follow me please??(:
Please join me in an extra super duper special Happy Birthday and version of the Happy Friday dance! :)
On the way to Sloan's Lake for a walk. Well I will try to walk, my ankle is still swollen. Too beautiful to stay in!
In love with a dress. And its going to be mine tomorrow!
We fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like 1st loves & protect each other like siblings. Face it, we're meant to be.
Algebra with :)
I got two hours of sleep so I didn't really have to try out that theory
Lol had a reality check today niggas dirty....ice cold on freeze below 0
#AskRomney Can you spot me $20? I'll hit you back, dogg.
Sure! I'm available after 2 on Friday. Or maybe tomorrow. You?
Yeah, I agree. By the time a book about Twitter is written and published, it's already way behind the times ;)
I'm so impatient!
Ha! Who ya got tonight?
thanks for checking us out!! Follow back?
people brave nowadays..up here asking strangers for rides at a gas station...
Maybe, they have renounced the crown and are remodeling to Independence Doughnuts (or donuts, for a more Americanized spelling).
We the people are..masters of both congress..courts, not to overthrow the constitution, but..men who pervert the Constitution. A. Lincoln
I fucking hate when Papelbon comes in to pitch in a 4 run game, and I get no save. Pisses me the fuck off. Fuck you Polanco.
Doron Lamb's a lock. He's so smooth.
Merning! Shouts 2 my new followers. Let's continue 2 grow nd STOP being strangers people lol. #Adored!
Best wishes for your talk.
Jaylon Tate to arrive in Chicago Tomorrow.
The RSS feed for member galleries has been upgraded to Yahoo RSS Media format! Also supports literature and attachments now.
LOL, that's why I don't ever reply from my phone cuz the way you do it is totally different from when I first started on Twitter
Soup or salad?
Thx for following
In "Pursued" (1947), a blood-drenched family drama unfolds against a barren NM landscape where massive rocks stand like a mute Greek chorus.
Would you be interested in partnering with LTA for our June late nite show, "The Woman in Black".
great movie! I need to read the book tho! LOL
Hello September! I love that it is the first day back to school!
RT : Preparing for by making comb-over & Garfield hats. I wonder if I should make Garfield-w/a combover hat?
not true cut that out
So random people keep sitting with me 😒
It doesn't suck.
I always want you when I'm comin down
Today's GA-CAN! mtg PPTs will be available on our website this afternoon - www.georgiavoices.org
Hey guys help out the school and post our videos on your facebook
hi Nas! See you this weekend? Btw: I want to check out your friend's designs... Please :) shukran!
Being on par in terms of price and quality only gets you into the game. Service wins the game. -Tony Allesandra
Good Morning World, woke up wanting to hit baseballs at the batting cages. Start the week off right
Save the Plunge! Contact your SD city councilmembers to urge negotiations with leaseholder.
Ugh. When did the History Channel become the Credibility Channel? Let's hunt a Chupacabra, guys!
Don't confuse my personality with my attitude. My personality is who I am, and my attitude depends on who you are.
sweet! I like that they are colored to coordinate, they look awesome
I haven't been home this early in like 3 months lol
Ok, taking a break from art circles to watch ....profile story on Trebek!!!!
Greg Kihn has a Praying Mantis nursery in full swing, the big one is named Ozzy.
This phone<<
"COLORBLIND" everyone buy that #colorblindswaggg. Comin soon!! Get it:))
Lions lost - #packers clinch division!! Celebrate
If I google "Southport Post Office" why isn't USPS one of the first links that comes up?? Why?! GRR!
Feeling fat right now time to burn it off lol so ready for the season lock em down time C
now in the morning i sleep alone, sweep the streets i used to own.
I don't start it but ill sure as hell finish it.
wow, gracias Barbara! Espero los links :).
does Demian Bichir have a license?
We need 3 Nintendo Wii game machines for indoor recess! Email if you can help!
The dentist just made my mouth numb- :(
Dedicating today to
hehe! You bet!
Speaking of Mock Draughts: Miller Lite.
-- I like your vibe tonight... :)
wins the award for hottest wife ---->
Guy on corner in reflective sunglasses chewing a toothpick & a sandwich board stuffed under his orange poncho. Scared to get out of my car.
i check my daily horoscope on 5 different sites so I'm bound to find one i like.
": Be thankful for each new challenge, because it will build your strength and character. - Unknown"
You can't change the world in seconds. It's going to take years. You have to be the change you wish to see in the world.
it's time to play whack a mole on the tourists. triple points if you're from a place containing the word Beaver.
Really appreciate the plug, Valarie--thank you! Let me know if I can ever help you.
it's an interesting feeling to have caffeine pulsing through your blood stream...
this all happened cuz of some unnecessary subtweets. smh.
And i just seen that show in h-town..when yall leavin for that?
I'm not on either side but don't make fun of giants fans when you told jets fans to "let Nnamdi have it" on twitter
Listening To Kid Ink
Just printed my artist pass for Los Angeles Auditions! Anyone else going?
Rained out Go KNICKS!
an ant just ran across my leg and i nearly shit myself :(
And somewhere in West Virginia a trailer will go without a mortgage payment this month.
Greg Jennings golf outing this Friday!
I just cut my finger with a knife... >.< it hurts.. Besides that it was a good day(: mostly...
Let's collect and drink some water!
I am really excited about this --->
IT WAS NIALL AND I DUH,
Steve Case - insights on evolution of sharing economy
Hope it wasn't a 12 year old!!! Wats been goin on white boo
in Dallas!!!
“If you know you're the best it only makes sense for you to surround yourself with the best. NO EXCEPTIONS” ― Kanye West
the cat Behemoth signs off, with "Cheers to dear friends / from a cat & other parties that shall remain nameless. To their health!"
no thanks
waddup!! How's it going in woods hole?
for saying shit
Hey Madison can you give me a follow?
looking for the next step in your career? I am currently hiring for an Business Development Rep position in Vero Beach/Ft. Pierce/Stuart, F…
I definitely appreciate it everyday. Hope you're doing well : )
“: Never say anything to an umpire you will never win Depends. If you make him feel dumb enough to quit umpiring. You win
If it's not on the first page of Google it doesn't exist
I'm one chill ass female.
see you in Sheffield! \m/
same here. Gave me a chuckle
*Bruno Mars' song "Just The Way You Are" comes on Disney* Dad- I didnt know Bruno Mars met you Misty. Me- Go to bed. Dad- K.
And docs getting another 10 month reprieve from Medicare cuts as House passes payroll tax conf report...
Come see DBS at the Hard Rock Battle of the Bands Universal City Walk tmrw Fri at 8pm. Or hear about us later...
still no Florida dates:'(
Hm. Coin toss but I'll go with White...
Bought the oldest kid skate shoes for graduation gift (1st grade). With 3 on my hands I'll probably go broke BEFORE they start college!
that's great. Is it bad I laughed?
rightt! I wanna touch his ponytail, it looks so soft, and I wanna braid ray rays braids! Their both adorable...
should fkn come to coronado next semester!!!
Come to New York so we can do that!
~Always leave your mark and always strive for your dreams and to never give up on what you believe in~
Yeah, DJ's would be getting fired. They'd interrupt the mandatory Rihanna song every 30 minutes.
Teams should support Pro Bowl being an honor only and no game. This will cut down on the # and amount of bonuses paid to players
My doctor's intern is so cute
that's beautiful! Wish I had that much hair!
Why am I shaking?
OH NO! Rob figured it out!
Fred Dylla (AIP) discussing attribution of funding organizations, through CrossRef called FundRef
I love a dog. He does nothing for political reasons. - Will Rogers
"I know I'm suppose to be happy for the boys, but I just miss the day when they were my own little secret.''
you guys are killin' it! less than 100 followers to go and then I will pre-release a new single for free! let's get to 1k ASAP :) RT
Today its official. We are one month out from the world premiere of Hammock at Kennedy Center.
I love Wale.
#Jets get Tim Tebow in trade. What's Your #TebowReaction?
ITS TOO MANY OF US FOR PPL TO BE AFRAID TO VOICE THEIR OPINION
13 minutes to go
Tomorrow Dark Delicacies 3512 west magnolia, Burbank 2 to 4 pm DVD signing for The Gruesome Death of Tommy Pistol
homework homework homework.
Good to see you today; Thanks so much for coming! Sorry we didn't have more chance to chat - next time for sure!
-- hey! did you call our support or email us? we don't get direct messages from twitter and we don't want you in a bad spot.
#CollaborativeLaw - Conflicted spouses can focus on important issues.
Today is inside out purple shirt day (:
that's great news, thank you!
Daniel Stumpf trying to go the distance for San Jacinto
You should come to River Horse and hear the shit i'm throwin down!
Can't wait to bring some noise to your ears
ok nevermind den!
I do, but I worked w/ Carl to get the right fit for me. We added a #2 back bore to my piece to make it more versatile for me.
How's your dog feel?
Hello! Would like to submit an app to your site for review. Can you point me in the right direction?
Kayaking plans cancelled because of wind, grilling plans cancelled because of fire risk. So... Homework?
Dude, I have a twitter now even though I told myself I wouldn't. Are you a minion and have you seen Warehouse 13 yet?
I'm a loyalist! I LOVE everyone. Total crush on Josh.
gonna c da yankees game!!! go yankees!! :)
Looool my sister still reps msn bless her :L.
I mean its one thing that I would have to pay for my dress and hair and everything but its another when u make a stranger ur MOH. Smh
I got it!
it's easy to survive on cheeze-itz, hot slim jims, red bull and vodka. But the increase in weight. Yeah, I'm restricted. LOL
Yea I'm the beast lol RT : I don't think king James..can palm the b.ball like u can..LOL
Dear Math, I'm sick and tired of finding your "x". Accept the fact that she is gone. MOVE ON, DUDE!!
Another day, another month another praise!! Thank you Jesus :) Good morning early birds!
#BlackPlayNames how to survive n s central while drinkn juice n the white house
Just had a stare-down with my bowl of Cheerios - - and it won. I think it MUST help lower cholesterol. What does the FDA really know?
nothing. It's a dead box. A picture of the item would show if it was working properly.
Just saw Band of Horses...they are a band but there were no horses. They played the one song I knew so I am happy.
What is that weird sensation you're feeling when you step outside? Why, it's warmth, dear friend. Enjoy it!
it's google's attempt at a social network. Did you sign up?
Aha ! , thats a good one.
Use it if you want, otherwise I'm going to be solo zen and drink quite a bit of beer.
yes. We got best by 2. Played pretty well
I hate court.
First time clients, try at Swedish massage for $55 or deep tissue for $60. Open 7 days a week!
It's 95 degrees upstairs in this house and I'm trying to get cute. Definitely not working.
Great interactive move by and to have directing, on camera & commentating.
nah, that shit will help. I heard that drinking helps hang overs. I think it was an alcoholic that told me.
Will the real Jon Baitzel please stand up?
You're dumb bitch. Just stfu. You wonder why people stop talking to you cause they're tired of your constant bitching.
Come on, image 1 of 34 in California's ED 40-10 . . . stop "preparing" and start loading! I wanna see my peeps in the #1940census!
oh I just saw...sleep study. Good luck with that!
The assistant bought Simpsons stamps for Lilipip. I feel like this is supposed to be unprofessional, but I think it's totally rad.
I think it odd rite aid has an ice cream bar. It's next to the dollar bin.
My vote is that you get a real profile pic:)
yes, that's possible. But it would likely split right-of-center votes & assist Hochul re-election.
Everything I do today, I do for the lulz.
Thanks Don! Great share on Rebooting Business and the World by at
your welcome have a great day :)
Be back later ♥
Listening to my dad downstairs watching jersey shore an complaining about how stupid kids are.
that is the double standard of EVIL my friend. Hamas is allowed to murder, but Israel is SUPPOSED to be passive.
Screw the KU-Ohio St. game, I GOTTA go see Hunger Games
Is so proud of myself when I cook something instead of having popcorn or cereal for dinner...*putting on my big girl pants*
BIG DEAL: Arizona has an anti-deficiency statute which prevents a lender from suing a person for any losses on a home after foreclosure.
I love that movie
Nice, guys!! I shall follow... Always good to get to know local bands!! Thanks!
where you at!?
(okay, the last was 2 2 letter words
April fools!!!! Bwahaha
PEYTON LOOKED SO SEXY AND HE SOUNDED INCREDIBLE LIKE HE ALWAYS DOES OMG
Quick workout with Haven't been to the gym in literally a month. Damn feels good.
You go out there and you find that fucking dog!
If we had #campaignfinancereform and a #ProportionalRepresentationVoting system, we could elect a worthwhile #thirdpartycandidate for once
Thank you for sharing! This is great!
#IfIwasPresident I'd get elected on Friday, assassinated on Saturday
Oh, hey guys, I have a date tonight. Guess who? my bed! mhm, we're going to sleep together tonight too.
I Hate Chu Jody I hate you too Evette
Coming #brewers just gonna string some hits together 2 get these runs in... 3 runs ain't nothing
Craving bud in the Valley
So glad you like the solar lanterns and thank you so much for sharing!
hi mike! keep cancer-free and well! is the best way to get me, anything you need my friend! :)
Awkward fail.
man play that ....try me -fox
That's good! :)
for sure brother. good to see you here
you coming out to Oakland bars tonight!?
Happy Birthday to our amazing Graphic Designer and youtuber!!! !!! Go show him some love!
#WaysToMakeMeHappy .... buy me Chili Pepper Tickets.. anyone ?
Hell yeah #WhenIwaslittle I love Harry Potter so much. #Nowthatimolder I still love Harry Potter.. Always.. Until the end
#TEAMSTHATCANBEATTHELAKERS la sierra high school
You wanna fly, you got to give up the shit that weighs you down.
Like IM or here on Twitter???
Next Wed.: Come down to Patsy's Cowgirl Cafe at 6:30 -- am joining the lineup for Nancy Scott's monthly songwriter series!
I know! It's gross, right?
want me to shut up? Feed me well. I promise not to talk at all... unless your food is nasty. IJS. LOL
emma... -__- hahaha we 3 have fun times together okay.
good luck hun
How they under you but try to talk down on you
Come to our Info Session on Wed, July 13th, 6:30-8:00 PM at MSU's Communication Center! To RSVP visit our website: www.casabalt.org!
Busy day! I have spoken with facebook advertising and hootsuite in the same hour
yes I do! I think my face should be on more thing...most things even.
Thanks for joining us. We hope to see you again soon!
so should have called in this week crazy cust and today back to back ugh.
Katy B tonight!
nice! How do you like the app? Any additions you'd want?
Well that's one down.
Having a #GRAND time today can't stop thinking of that one person who inspires me
Wow mega storm moving through with tornados. Be prepared folks.
Mini vanilla wafers
#20ThingsAboutMe i get jealous so easily..
I cant lie, you are on my mind, stuck inside my head.
I want more followers, what do i have to do ? Someone talk to me LOL.
It took me forever to get to 200 followers on Instagram I must be smuggs
Can't fall asleep
We're back - investigating now.
My phone doesn't work and my iPod is nearly dead, fml...
my highest solo round on shi no numa is 395. no glitching either. my cuz showed me a really good strategy for solo play.
sure will
that's awesome Rashall! looking forward to partnering in ministry with you again
I wanna see you before you leave biatch love
According to deals today, Matt Cain is worth double the price of both Philly newspapers.
u should get lebron elites lol
*Wanted* Assistant Art Director - A Games Developer - for more info contact .uk
I'm totally pumping up my bowling arm for tonight. Going for a PR!
that i can dig, im glad my shit is being felt thats prime motivation
TGIF We're looking for a PR/Marcom pro w/4-6 years experience. Pls contact me @ if interested or know of anyone great
Thanks for the kind words!
So bored :(
News Hot? Tom Lewis, Webb Simpson and NYC. Not? Yani, Norman and Tiger Hot? Disney, Tom Lewis, Webb Simpson, Fred Couples an
MHP people like being LIED TO instead of hearing the TRUTH. Once the TRUTH comes out it is the END. It is the END OF DECEPTION. NLD Mom
why on earth would you ever want to be in "full screen mode"? Or at least so frequently that it needs to be an easily clickable button?
I had tickets for tonight's Hot Rods game but turned them in for a different game when I saw the weather forecast.
Five of the best digital cameras - Herald Sun
#IfIwasPresident is trending. Should be #IfIWEREpresident. Thankfully none of these people will ever be elected to public office.
I have not but you are the 2nd person to suggest this and our anniversary is tomorrow, so . . . ;)
RT : This is Fix a Leak Week. Time to eliminate those faucet and toilet leaks for the good of the nation's water supply.
Steak covered in bacon? #Protein! RT : Q10. My favorite meal is ________ covered in ______
My dog is scaring herself awake with her own flatulence.
Its cute how its the day of prom and his lil bitch ass is still paying games... As Always.
Social media and LinkedIn have become creative ways to job search and network.
U R Alive to become the grandest version of the greatest vision of Who You Are. Everything else is beside the point. Love and Light
you should totally buy jessica a flamingo or two for a housewarming present. lmao
LLK, just saw your message. Thank you very much. Hope business is goin well for ya. lemme know if you need any help! Miss you!
Of course! Italia would only be in #chicago to play a match at #Wrigley while I'm already booked to visit #Boston. :(
300, Sin City, Sky Captain. These are the completely green screen movies I can think of. Are there more I'm missing?
Shit shit shit shit. Its a tie. Which means that if City win today we're only 3 pointa clear and they could possibly win the PL. SHITTTT!!!!
great article in could not agree with you more.
what to do
idk. I actually didn't even think to guess myself, but I'm pretty good at estimating.
Oscar just punched me in the face.
Oh I've done this one... twice. RT : Condensation forms on a tasty beverage as folded sunglasses rest nearby
are you going to put it on itunes?! :)
Who is that? lol
Lead me Lord. Cuz I can't do this alone.
thanks for the follow!!!
Ave Maria by Beyonće is such a beautiful song❤
get some!
do you have a platform in mind for how students will display/exhibit the networked novel? Omeka? Scalar?
You don't have to admit it, we've all heard your feminine squeal. Every time Bailey hits a fg.
Wuxi Classic becomes ranking event
#Follow best TE and he sleeps with pornstars! He is like a God. (he isn't one though cuz we all know there is only one God!)
#IfYouReallyLikedMe u wld make sure to stay in the FAKE lane if thats the shit u on
Party at the museum was weak Josie needs a new boy friend he OLD lol me and Em hit up Munchi bar n it was DOPE SON #BuddysBluesAShortFilm l
no intentions of doing anything except watching movies & laying in bed
JuicyJ was 's idea. Blame that one on him!
<3 RT “: Do small things with great love and you’ll make a big difference.”
Yeah. is one of a handful of writers I'd follow to any genre because of how much I just love her writing.
I meant **those movies
RT via FB ;) The difference between can and cannot are only three letters. Three letters that determine your life's direction.
Bad Girls Club reunion pt 2 tonite cant wait!
Wish I could be at PNC Park tonight to see take the bump against my Thankfully, we have Extra Innings.
#Iusedtothink I ment something to you...I was so wrong.
Preparing 1st release of #webservius to go live in a test environment
and then give up a grand slam on your first pitch
I'm counter suing you for your welfare check.
she did what?!!! *searches YouTube*
our lives are so much alike right now...
Just saw this now so missed it but yes, I did see that about the nursery. That's bigger than most houses, crazy!
Jehu is playing 4pm Sat. 4/21 @ Coffee Bean. 487 N Moorpark Rd Thousand Oaks. Lets feel good music and delete the bad from each other.
At least you recognize the truth...
Being a Psychic Empath has it's trials sometimes!!! Is that your heart hurting??? Or Mine???
My plan for getting out of work today relies heavily on two of my best skills--lying and tampering with fire extinguishers.
Biggest Lie of all time. I have read terms and conditions.
"your breastmilk is refreshing":)
: I may b moving 2 ATL, but there's no Housewife like u! Any fav spots in ATL?
A woman inseminated herself from blowjob sperm. She now gets child support. What's the shelf life on sperm? WOW.
Not me asking them. They asked me!
Nonviolence & legal action must be twin weapons– either one being used when it seems to be most applicable, with each bolstering the other.
Thanks. Worth getting if you don't mind high price for games.
Whose talking to your youth? If not you, then who?
Our custom clothing is on special for Nov. Come and get measured for your next favorite suit or sport coat. Just in time for the holidays.
We would love to play a day party. We promise not to shave, shower or talk back. What more could you want from a band?
Can anyone recommend any especially good Walcott poems for my postcolonial lit class? Something regarding imperialism would be helpful...
It’s so close / You could touch it with you hand / But you can’t / #Illusions don’t have eagle eye vision
School this morning <<<<<
so, Samsung or Apple, basically.
Well I mean what I say and don't want to waste people's time. So I didn't think I was spamming. I won't waste your time.
Bout to go shut it down tonight! ;-)
It's gonna take sometime but i know you're worth fighting for <3
I hope so!
Working on being grateful tonight. Little to no sleep for weeks. So tired that I think traditional reading will lull me into sleeping fast.
Playing a show tomorrow.
DallyO & TinkerSmell are my babies. In a non-making-sense-kinda way. :| JEG ELSKER.
The only people who are giving us a hard time for wearing NE gear are the women in Madison.
Im in love with
Sad sad sad. And as they say, say, as California goes, so goes the nation. Look out~
Dinner and the movie time with the br0o.
Back in working order...let's rock this shit.
That IU is losing Brad Hamm.
Arizona day: Hot weather, Blue skies, sun shining, warm pool, refreshing iced tea. That's right suck it rainy California. :P
Today's Soups: Country Vegetable, Clam Chowder, & Chili
I am now loving android over iPhone :D
Wat is #1omf doin.. somebody wanna get beat up.
At the end of the day I really don't give a fuck
oh yeah! she told me. That's so funny! :) Haha i love my sister she's the coolest
The best part of the #CNNdebate pre-show: All of the Ron Paul signs
please, PLEASE, don't try to outsmart me. i don't play games like that
thanks for a fast answer Mike cc
I hope my next phone has a duel core processor.
tired but gota study....
How else would you get down the aisle?
thanks, dude!
I just killed to death with GIFS.
Let's stay together
I know where I come from.. How bout you?
It's election day in DC! Get out and vote!
hahahaha you must be in Lexington.
Going 2b 85 today. So nice 2 get out & explore Old Sac. Get some Ice Cream here or check out
nice to meet ya today. See ya in #NOLA at the
I've never been to Asylum, though I hear good things about it. I've been working out 1 on 1 with a crossfit trainer.
This just fucked up everything for me.
Knock, knock.... Who's there? FREE CUPCAKE WITH EVERY LUNCH PURCHASE TODAY!!!!!!
Thanks for the mention
LOL. White electronics is so old school.
Wanting better doesn't mean you're not grateful what you already have.
Good 6 mile cycle in to work and a steaming hot shower after...feeling very refreshed.
It's a shitty feeling know that I might actually have to study..
NBA Fans! Watch the Bucks take on the Bulls Sat., Feb. 26th @ the Bradley Center. Have a ball while we shoot down I-94 call 608-764-2917
Don't fear when you go through the fire. Hang on. #TrustInJesus Good night twitter!
"Misinformation is laboriously copied & passed on from generation to generation with a few added mistakes" -LeGuin; via link
I Ben Good.
RT : What we say reveals who we are inside (Luke 6:45) Amen🙏have a blessed night & remember all things are possible with
#SteveJobs StanfordSpeech9: “They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary." bit.ly/owfEZp
Thanks for the reply. I wondered why we didn't hear about it.
Haha right?! I LOVED it!!!
Im kinda scared to check my bank statement
SPECIAL SESSION of Legislature. Day @ - $120,000.00 and counting. Maybe they will let more criminals out.
Great! Sorry about the initial trouble.
thanks you booger.
as damon taught me somethin on vampire diaries. dat no matter who u <3 u have 2 step outta da way 2 choose who dey wanna be
Shooting @ lorettonheight university.
Working on Aero Quad Based on pic Microcontroller pray for me...!
hahha oh my gosh... how cute is this?... :} it looks like a turtle! that's so exciting. i love you. FREE HUGS and peaches. xo
What is your biggest frustration or challenge in marketing your business? Email me at
up late, watching reruns...
Congrats to the cop in my neighborhood, you know you're a real success when all you do is give tickets to 17 year olds for speeding.
Dude, I want to see you beat like he stole something, cuz he did.....the limelight...Help us get him fired, please.
8th grade level? I'm pretty sure that's 33-year-old level.
smh!! what were they fighting for??
The Homeless is still homeless, the poor is still poor, yet we spend millions of dollars to fund senseless wars . (thats my song)
“: lol its okay but Happy Mothers day to you!” lol. Thanks sweetie. Enjoy your day
Hey! Wanted to let you know we'd be until about 2:30PM in case you were still interested in our GF tamales.
Doing your thing man, I see you!
In other words I'm pissed off but I can't say anything publicly considering what I already said about Youk
Knicks first problem was not drafting Brandon Jennings
It's 80* in Chicago & all is good! Bout to throw on my flip flops, pick up my acoustic & get to ! Yes sir! F-stop bluesing
in case you ever need it mine is the same as my skype/twitter id :-)
hell yes he is
": make a waka playlist for tonight. Only Waka. Nothing else. Or else. " and you know this man
He was awesome! RT : This one is my pick for Love me some Leroy.
Thanks for the follow. We'd love to talk with you about social media sometime! Fear the turtle!
wow yeah terrible grammar ftw. Definitely time for bed.
I warned you
You're very welcome! Thanks for posting great tips!
In Como. "Beautiful" is dead on--the lake us great. Finding Internet access? That's been another story--not so good.
Highly recommend Walking Dead. Especially if you like zombies. The show is on hiatus until fall so you have time to catch up.
"Pussy" my reaction to hearing "Bartender, can I get a pitcher of Bud Light?"
It seems the current American health care system takes away coverage when citizens need it the most, after losing jobs or getting sick
Nothing like the combination of Caffeine and Gratitude in the morning. We have had the two best weeks in GRN's history.
OMW To The Airport.
And the guys be like, askin all dem questions!
My jaw fucking hurts. I can even chew my food all the way.
lady rich kids smack af lmbo i just got weak !
Which organization would be better for schools the Teachers Unions or Students First?
Not since Anth 105 when the bulb in the projector died. ;-)
dangerous game Mancini.. Shoulda kept attacking
so much funner
This bitch ..... grrrrr
#Masters Looks like the Masters is going to be goo!!!
Then I remembered all the good things in my life. Now I feel better. :)
do share! or is that double top secret until they hit the stands (fingers crossed)?
sitting here in my easter dress because i wanted to try it on again. # imweird
If you got a direct message from me about someone posting bad stuff about you, don't open the link and try to sign in again
The United States is the only country in the Western industrialized world that still uses the death penalty.
So our new songs Shadows...it's coming together quite nicely! Can't wait to let you guys hear it :)
lol #blushing :D
Dissertation title suggestion from : "Fright at the Museum," because every title should be a pun on a Ben Stiller movie.
Posted FREE click-and-read short story today - a Western - Nor Iron Bars A Cage. Feel the dry desolation of the old Texas Panhandle cowboy.
Thank you so much! I hope you enjoy. Have a good evening :)
Host of #theamazingrace is in studio. Has to wait 2 hrs for live interview w/ me at noon & I've never seen an episode. :(
just posted chapter 2(:
We LOVE #FrozenStrawberryLemonade too!!!!
crying because of these zayn pictures... why
Thanks for returning the favor! 'Cause realness is definitely a must!
We do iOS internships.
S|O to ; #DeeMolishment™
And a little 16-year-old Jessica world, too. Wow!
Looking for a new gig? Follow for new job postings/info within the creative industry!
lmao. I was just trying to help. 
That was Neil Armstrong, sir. Don't kill me for correcting you!!!
yes you guys should! :):) that will be amazing!!
Christmas is almost here!! What's on your Christmas list??
ya. you should. NO I'M JUST KIDDING. :'(
I'm not left-handed
it's bothering me a bit.
levis and weed
no we arent coming until tomorrow but i hope to see u then
Never trust a woman you meet that doesn't have to work during the day.
But will Horkel ever replace Merkozy?
thanks for lunch and the books. BTW this is my first use of HootSuite - the 30 min solution.
There is a shortage of Ivermectin....Hieber's can compound this for you - call or email. www.Hiebers.com
Andy Samberg Signs On For 'Shark Week,' Gives Us Programming Ideas
Hey! How Are you? Miss ya! Come to NYC soon!
ur man he told me that hes tired of that shit u got...
Elway: We don't draft All-Pros, we make them All-Pros.
As a benchwarmer for the #Celtics, Greg Stiemsma makes about three times as much $$ as the President.
Triple H, 50 Cents, & justin B? Really?
The heat did that the next victim pacers
Heading to workout n at Gleason's Gym.
Magazine time!!
hey Terri thanks! so glad you like it, hopefully we make it out there sometime...
My iPhone case has been getting SO MUCH LOVE from people lately. I know I'm thrilled with it!
Welppppp you can't satisfy everyone
Being sick sucks!
what are you doing this summer?(:
Remember, I eat sushi with several glasses of Scotch. I welcome it.
Pentadactyl stopped working on Firefox Nightly (15), but Aurora is now up to 14, so Last Pass works. Working my way to released version :)
Kid inks new song standing on the moon reminds me why he's my favorite!
Lakers. Clippers. A city divided, but my loyalty lies with the lakeshow.
So... I'm at school all alone.
Go Ed! RT Ed Begley Jr. took the to the LA convention center for
i'll keep an eye out for you!
and to all new followers THANK YOU! :)
oh no! didn't this happen to you once before at a midwinter? hope it passes, fingers crossed
Every now and then life gets too busy to get on twitter. : (
I will probably be working that day, so maybe some online shopping after work!
IN Quotes: "People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." - Chinese Proverb
Make your FREE THROWS
It's always a pleasure to meet with casting director Alpha Tyler. She sets actors at ease and makes the whole job of auditioning a cinch.
The bitches RT : What's your favorite thing about Chicago?
When asked what are goals for social media efforts? It's to connect w/ biz associates & new clients & keep up w/ family/friends. cc'
Isnt' it great to finally work words like "raindrops" into your working vocabulary? Nice pic!
Chance Myers is having a nightmarish game...
Angry Birds pic: Cute!
sigh...she's getting us up every 15 minutes--it's nuts!
Visiting the Endo Doc always leads to me being stopped and spoken to in Russian. I don't think I look particularly Russian.
RT": Most unlucky person: The fat guy on lilo and stitch that never gets to finish his ice cream..."
What in the name of fuckery is going on?!
well. this was a finely-crafted, meticulously groomed, all-round retweetable truth until SOME genius used 'groomed'. Writers! Get in here!
Yes indeed we can! We ARE! RT : Thanks for the kind words! Together, we can all be heroes!
Create targeted connections (people who really want to know about you) on Twitter says at
Special Forager's luncheon today at Community Table! I'll be posting all day so stay posted tweeps!
Yay! Cape May saltwater taffy!!
are you at the softball conference like last year?!
Leaders of integrity integrate uprightness with their quiet influence.
Great gig last night at It'll Do.... had a good house.. even with the football games earlier in the day..
I hope my Nuggets pull through tonight
no baseball today.. KILL ME NOW.
it is!
Sorry taxman, you're not my boss.
Sarkozy says #France has too many immigrants & is not integrating them properly. He's RIGHT. French immigration policies = too lax too long.
Miles of DISD: I dealt w budget cuts in Colorado. We need funding, but if you face cuts, you look at return on investment.
Well only the right ear works.
How awkward.
everybody follow . they are TITE!
what you and your bro getting up to? any gigs?
chilling with nigguhs no parents. trying not to break anything. sad got locked outta the house and broke the back door. parents gona be mad.
Your info for small business owners is awesome! We really enjoy the content on your site and thanks for giving us tips on success!
Time to bury the hatchet, Put that Big Head on the chopping block, Guvner Matt.
How did I not see that Alice Tan Ridley and The Cab Calloway Orchestra are sharing the stage at the Tucson Theatre? Now you have to go!
yes sir hope to see you out bro we gonna make it epic!!!
Sometimes you just keep talking til they say yes
yep, another rebound year for Pena? - he's still got 30HRs in him just too many Ks. Garza should do well for y'all.
Overslept cause I set my clock to pm and not am.
Gregg Moss is shaking his boo boo this morning in a moo moo...hilarious.
*raises hand*
All caught up on my reality shows, I can rest peacefully now. :D
I am sister
um I just don't even wanna talk about it (: let's just hope my parents don't kill me!! Or take my phone away! :/
...a joy of having minions is having minions fight amongst themselves. Alas, yes, you may BOTH wrangle the others
that would be a hell of a pickup. We are lucky to have Thompson. He is ahead of everyone.
We're chanting "ACA is here to stay" and "We LOVE Obamacare!!"
Kentucky or Kansas? Even though the Original Juan building has a lot of Mizzou fans, you know who we will be cheering for tonight.
Just woke up for Saturday school it sux really bad!!!:'(
goodnight bestest friend ever! I love you!
iOS app is really well done. Anyone know if it was created in house or by a mobile agency?
The 2nd best smell in the air in Portland is the smell of Doughnuts, 1st is Popeyes.
Jeremy Jacobs (JeremyJacobs) thanks for the follow.
U have a bad day!
Pretty bummed about my structured settlement, I need some cash now
bought my mj22 striped ebony 12 string 13 years ago. Still sounds amazing. Thanks for great a product.
Brands need to be part of the culture, not in the marketplace
Into Night School rehearsal ... big band announcement later tonight or tomorrow ... stay tuned and twitter-ready
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit". Aristotle
ohh babe I know shes missing you too
Tip of the Day: Schedule regular dental visits for family checkups, periodontal evaluations and cleanings.
i thinik should of been with beth in stead of eve match
For the record - I liked melissa McCarthy back when she was Sukie.
Kind of a bummer that on the night I have a Young Living event, my little one takes a 45 min nap. Ugh! So many things to do...
We're getting ready for the #Cleveland Hard Hat FAM! Follow along by checking #TourCLE. Feel free to chime in!
Bloody nose and swolen ankle? Fuck man I'm going HAM.
Nothing trumps the Elkish head! :)
#AGirlJustWants a boy to show her that it's not impossible for him to stay faithful .
I'm sprung
Schindler: Start w/ human problem and solve w/ technology rather than build tech first. #laskysymp / Maybe,but R&D inspires solutions.
One more work day then Boston bound for Easter"
Good Morning!! Can't wait to get to some coffee...
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Your Health: Eat a lighter lunch and you could drop 26 lbs next year and never feel hungry.
Somebody tweet me back? So board.
Will someone please me some pie!
Some places in this nation do not appreciate music very kindly!
:) I cant willingly let ppl drive like that
I love the new website Gaby its awesome
can it be volleyball season already?
Tell me why, ain't nothing but a heartache, ain't nothing but a mistake. Tell me why I never wanna hear you say, I want it that way! XD
go on your honeymoon already. geesh.
In college, I was often referred to as resident "heretic." Your note on the Greek makes me supremely happy.
because system vendors are investing in next gen systems, not separate ERMs
-_- I retweeted that I shouldve replyed. O.o should've uppercut her mom. (X
hopefully the game Friday is an afternoon game and we all can go watch it!
I sound like a Spanish genius when around people who dont know it. Around people that know Spanish I sound like a dumbass... -_-
Congrats to for Senate approval of Wendy Spencer.
That amazing feeling when u only have 2 days of highschool left like can we please skip to Friday!!!!
not saying he's right, just sensitive... Which is odd given his winner vs loser comments.
Another Way to Promote Your Radio Show Video . Amazing For Anything
twitter is so addicting!
WordPress is also free, SquareSpace has a monthly fee ($12 personal/$36 business). Wonder how much they differ otherwise.
Linkage: Chinese-American Architects; Gloria Vanderbilt; Majorca; More!
Listening music
when that happens I always make it the "review of the day" on my facebook page.
we are always getting ready to live but never living. - emerson
Looking forward to 2010!
Same to you. See ya next Friday.
she must be the baby of the family!
Deranged indifference?
": A survey found one in five women have ended a relationship because their significant other was too busy playing video games."
Dusty wants to speak to me and Kat today in person. Guess i'll hope for the best
RT : “Pay no attention to what the critics say. A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic.”—Jean Sibelius
Sometimes I wish I could read your mind. Then I wonder, if I could handle the truth.
Hello world, enjoy your day, this will be a good one!!
Max ate two raspberries tonight! For those of you who know Max...you know this is big news! And best yet...he liked them!
At the Foster.ly meetup in DC.
all the beautiful people live far away
love you too babe hopefully I can make it out there today
I Just Noticed I Literally Dont Give Ah Fuck Bout Shit. Keepin It G Thats It.
chillin by the fire eating fondue loll no getting ready for school you?!
Enter for a chance to win TixCertificates, theatre gift certificates valid at 50 area theatres, from theatreWashington (booth 98)! [promo]
somehow knew you'd be a hunger games fan. picked up books friday and finished series wednesday. this wknd movie time!
no ma'am.
already do :)
my very first reaction is say hi and if she is hungry cuzz i amm :D
The sun is shining TODAY! Get outside and look up!
Hey are you ok, you look Pretty low, very Handsome, Awkward
no problem ;* <3
Just bought a 100 contact local press list from Mediahub. $1.25 per contact. At least 60 of the contacts were incorrect.
Damn I still got a Headache
We have any members of #YankeeNation on board with us???
Dennis Hook Me Up With Some More Of That Whiskey
What if we were given this particular day because someone needs us and we're too busy chasing things we don't need to even notice? Daily JeM
Taking my Eddie George bobblehead to work at OSU to serve as my AFTERSHOCK detector. Faster than Twitter for "Did building/earth just move?"
Do something green today like turn off a light when your not in a room #EarthDay2012 #earthday#
Lets give girls that chase douche bags around for attention some guidence CALL ME A BITCH BUT I GIVE DOUCHE BAGS NO ATTENTION
Agree! The excessive Keillor play is not only torture but inexplicable.
More than reading into DiPoto announcing Hatcher dismissal, GM's quote from on whole staff will be evaluated more important
I love love the movie Hoodwinked ... Haha .. "I'm allergic to yodeling", "Never trust a bunny", "What the Schnitzel" ...
Wow and they tweeted back to you!!!! Lmao!
Exactly how do I submit my story?
Whiskey Dixxx world tour with if only the old rock band crew was here....
happy birthday to me in less than 24 hours. The party starts tonight though, come and party with me @ Gallery Bar NYC.
"An eye for an eye and the whole world goes blind" -Ghandi
that's a great picture! You're even coordinated!
Petty just petty! Complete foolishness!
Who has a 700 credit score and wants to co sign for me so I can get a new truck? Anyone?
yes I want to see him so bad
For those of you who need help: Awareness is not knowledge and knowledge is not wisdom.
well hello there lanie :)
so true!! I have many dreams that I would LOVE to meet & achieve <3
Myrtle beach kinda weak tonite
So if a mirror-gazing dolphin is so smart why is there still spinach stuck in its teeth, huh?
I. Am. So. Miserable.
2 more mixes coming, this is just one to hold some cats over. I think you'll dig it though.
Singing the weeknd rolling stone to him on the phone lmao (;
[Campus Bulletin] Congratulations to all of today's graduates! Now go make us future money.
FYI, Safari just tried to download ePub version of CotG as a text file. No idea why.
MY name is in YOUR mouth. That is all. XD
Up to Washington for the weekend. Excited for quality time with old friends.
when i get on my feet a bitch bet not ask me for hot water!
Oh whoooommm I kiddin. I won't finish tonight. Oh well
my sisters annoying me rn
Ladies: Say to nearest guy "If Jeff Saturday retires, no way Peyton Manning plays for Indy." It'll be the sexiest thing he's heard all day.
#sacscoc We must use data as a resource. It isn't a weapon. We need to use for continuous improvement to make progress.
yes, screening 4 behavior & social skills is also helpful.we meet w student about 30 mins and observe & assess.
plug for VTigerCRM! Do you know where your customers are? I know where mine are!
Hey wait is this Jen of that Fantastically Amazing article?
Impressive princess Her Royal Highness Princess Bajrakitiyabha Mahidol of Thailand speaks at my daughter's graduation
Was thinking around 4:30 eastern...want to email me? . Did you get to see any of #Hopkins? They CRUSHED.
I got tickets. But standard so I'm not forced into a peg. Freebird.
: that's good, b/c i just got my #void card ^_^ yay!!! let's "shoot"
The Naptown Dragons take on the All Night Express.
Thought Marquez won it, barely. Maybe Pacquiao malaise? Who knows outside of you guys.
Let's see it MJ RT : oh yes, and i had a big time photo shoot last Friday.
"I am more familiar with sinners than saints, my dear. And sinners always look good."
♡A Love Jones: You are the most beautiful thing I've ever seen...(amazing what you see when in love)
I'm back and it looks like I took 20mintues...jeez.
Big thank you!
Listen to my market report Thursday mornings at 6:20 and 7:40 online at 770KKOB.com and on the radio at 770 AM..
I want to then I do so.
Welcome back! RT : Back on twitter after several months of travel. Just completed 1st wk of editing on
Who wants their quarterback to not believe he's the best? Joe Flacco might not be, but have to admire the competitive fire.
Congrats on sweeping the Blues.
ice cream will help(:
your welcome I love ICONICBOYZ XD can u add me to ur list thing?
So glad & I finally got to meet Mark(& Hubie) of Can't wait to see how our PaulJohnson piece looks all dolled up!
Oh noes! LMK if you need some kind of help.
wish you could have too ! :) it was an amazing day !
- Glad you'll be playing #TrendsTues !! will follow soon, on a follow limit :( sorry doll! Xox
Hi EL Thx 4 flwng Ofrng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Just for once, I want someone to be afraid of loosing me.
