thanks for the mention. New update with some more features coming today or tomorrow.
i join ! But were going on summer 12!
drunk was me lastnight ...!
"A cheerful look brings joy to the heart" Proverbs 15:30. Smile at someone while you are at lunch - people need joy!
of course I did!
I am following back you can check so follow and get more follower
LOL Yes, Bryan is the hot robot one, Michael is the hot Dennis the Menace-y one.
i love my lady curves.
I gotta go cop that #DreamChasers2 when I get outta school
And then Chris is gonna have to get a massive tan and look like go Diego go
I just used algebra!
lol it's a $110 a person in commissions, I get paid the next day... Not bad for a part-time gig.
Amen sister! : Runnin my dog at the dog park! So beautiful out here!
bout to hit up the studio w an make a summer hit!
That will help with accuracy without a doubt.
We can't wait to do it up again this Saturday night with and
Home inspection is a wrap! No deal breakers. Just some ticky tacky things that may involve me learning to become "handy".
Hello, 80 degree day! ADDY setup, run thrus & ready to give awards to area's best tonight. On fire.
06085. Where it's at.
"Old Pork Sandwich"
Big Sis's kick ass, esp. when they got Gaga ticks! Love You lol
SOB's this Wednesday...8pm sharp! U heard?? lets do it one mo time for 2011
An alley-oop from Rondo to my boy Stiemsma. Loves it!!
Earthquakes suck !
When it comes to girls usually I'm nit down with 2nd chances so take advantage of situations, you only live once no time to sit and wait.
<3 you and will always support you. follow me? - tiffany
Friday night... 10pm and you commit to staying up all night cuz its the weekend. 10:45pm you fall asleep.
Awl yea I remember....lol I was like wtf is she taalkin bout for a min. But yea let me get them up off yu tho
And of course the winner: The vision of a champion is bent over, drenched in sweat at the point of exhaustion when nobody else is watching.
EA in you
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed. ~Irene Peter
thanks for the birthday wishes!! :)
the next time you decide a WI mock tornado drill is a good idea, advertise it a bit better. Also put "test" on your tv broadcasts.
Reverb is very pretty :)
i got spammed -.- so i had to change my password
It's not just about X'ing on the web app. The story notice appears in all emails/contact my design students have through Lore.
David Russell~ The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn.
seems like a good ass meal !
thank you #barmethod for starting wednesday right!
I don't think Pandora will bring Apple down at all... now, some OTHER Google products have potential. ;)
Vegas baby.
ROFL! Lazy Sunday, wake up in the late afternoon, call Gigi just to see how she doin'
that too! although i'm trying to be more prepared for interviews this time around by prepping answers to common questions.
haha I'm so sorry 😳
doin it right.
Shoutout to Welcome back Welcome back Welcome Back
I recently upgraded my laptop to a quadcore, 17" screen. Kudos to #Carbonite for making it so easy to move all of my files to the new pc!
I'm not quite sure how to handle this one boss...
when is the application due for 2013 ride? :)
"Have told you lately I love you like crazy." -Eli Young Girl
w/#GOP actively repealing employment & #labor protections, how exactly does that argument work?
Movement Happens sends us to Charles Dobson and article on social movement.
that could be dangerous!!!
i can't be. it's OK, i saw you got engaged!!! congrats. hope you & the future mrs. ricky bobby jr. have fun planning!
not sure. We just got home and power was out. BGE does not know either.
Maybe Carmageddon will force me to memorize my lines for this short film.
its too early to be awake...
this car smells like pizza and flesh. And regret.
Finally have a day off, spending my morning watching a Supernatural marathon on TNT. Reminds me of good times with :)
DC weather - amazing today
#frasier and bed..
": This is gonna be a badass series" bad ass short series this one going 5 Spurs 4-1
Our dream is to have freestyle on a track for our new album
#WhenLifeGivesYouLemons eat 'em. Cause hey. Free lemons.
the same..jus makin a lil music
OH, someone getting on the bus: "Ooh, what's that smell?" My thought: That's what I think every time I get on the bus.
Took dog to HHI on long wkd. Storms. Now giving dog prescribed valium to cope with said storms. #firstworld doggiedaddyproblems
RT : ...i would love for you to work with <----Let's make it happen
Narnia and then kicking back and playing a card game wiff family pretty good day:))
Morning! If you live with a fear to fail attitude, a lot of times you will either panic or question yourself to be unproductive!
thinking i need to stay off twitter until after i catch up on the #madmen season 5 premiere....
Better idea: laps at the Y at Bedford & Metro., for a $37 dollar / 6 mos membership! Bikini ogling only at McC
Hi fellas, is the song list on your site up to date?
No don't be sorry I'm mean why should you? I only asked you because I didn't know whether it was a YES or a NO & now that I know
MGIC Settles Historic Mortgage Insurance Case Involving Maternity Leave - Forbes
definetly....sealed shut.
Unemployment insurance is a pre-paid vacation for freeloaders. (Quote by - Ronald Reagan) Kind of an ass.
I'm nervous and very hyper so I'm doing weird things tonight lolol
Good morning everyone !
your welcome.
lmaooo i was jk anyways! :p
love that song
The year has just flown.
hope to see you in Concord at the B&T vendor fair Wed morn! Visit us at booth 71, Embassy Suites!
Well we're pretty happy to BE your daily doughnut store! Thanks!
What's up Everyone????? How's Everybody Doing?-kieran
I need to work where you work...all the #FreeTime LOL
Thanks for edit. Need to learn tweet language.
When boys wrap their arms around you and make you feel warm.
Roger that!
Agreed. And thank you for the service and sausage. Happy Memorial Day. RT : Thank you for your service and sacrifice.
I don't mind, he's cuddly :)
radio on pandora has been getting me through my entire day.
RT : In town for Thanksgiving? Come in for Wed. night tours for 3 nonperishable food items !
These fries are really hitting the spot right now 😌👌.
Today's acronym collision: #OGP. Open Graph Protocol from Facebook, and the Open Government Partnership.
Here we go .... lets go #LAKings #GoKingsgo Take the #Yotes out.... I bet is dead excited....
whats your favorite sports team of all time?
"Shes mean" "Nobody likes her" I didn't notice, We were friends, It's gone.
I think I'll lean on Psalm 40 in it's entirety today
My buddy, back in high school, dated a girl named Nikki. They used to play Darling Nikki and fuck all night. THAT'S SO AWESOME!
We've got a bad ass in here 
Beautiful chilly morning for a walk and talk on the First Night footprint with local visionary J Edwards
hey there sexc cupcake
Great meeting with Nai'vasha Intl today! Love the looks for the show based on 2012-2013 trends.
Words can't describe what an amazing feelings it is to have wrapped the pilot for !! Very bittersweet but years in the making
Silly me...i totally forgot to mention that i'm performing with Test Market on Sunday. Artifice. 8pm
It's coming man! Thanks for being patient, we are trying to keep up.
asap rocky - get lit
I am so upset right now :/ lol
Poised Creation would like to honor the careers of Led Zepplin!
RT : I need out this house
S/O to for taking all our pictures yesterday!
“: Buffets are so scary to me!” It's an unsexy trough!
Have to agree with Bin Laden on one thing - Joe Biden is "utterly unprepared" to be POTUS.
basking in the afterglow of a very well attended City Birthday Party and reconnecting with Tim Cuprisin. Yea, Tim! This Tweet's for you!
I'm ready for school to ENNNNNDDDDDDDDDDD.
Tebow prayed to God for the Broncos to win the Superbowl. God then picked up Manning and traded Tebow
Back in The Ville for the weekend. Last time to relax before finals.
"The freedom of religion, and to believe as one sees fit, is our `first freedom' under the United States Constitution.
they traded back into the second to grab Casey Hayward. A DB from Vandy.
of coarse!-Kelly
bought a book today. hope it changes my life for the better!
this friday for our next special. Celebrate #SBW just a bit longer with our 3 craft for $12 special! .com
Sad Face ..
Frank Serpico is at John Jay College this afternoon >> giving a speech on the importance of government whistleblowers.
PS what makes you think I'm your sweetie or even a woman for that matter?
sent an email through the merchant contact page. Hope to connect
$5 off your next order through sat. tastysummer is the magic code
Christmas needs to get here NOW! I want my PLL friendship bracelet that Ali made! Then after that Jan. 3rd needs to come so i can watch PLL!
again, just because he was doesn't make it right! or mean he is good! ...
#palepeopleproblems ... wow this was made for me
Rolling Stone names Hendrix best guitarist ever Photos | Rolling Stone names Hendrix best guitarist ever Pictures - Yahoo! News
no more wasting time...
Hope everyone had a great 4th of July. I think I converted some tobacco smokers yesterday at the fireworks. Was a good day for change :)
Who went to the Essence Festival last weekend? I feel like I missed out!! Going next year for sure. Does anyone have suggestions on hotels?
Sucks feeling like you're drifting away from that one person.
really??I kno that process can be very nerve wrecking!! Y'all tryna stay in the same area to right??
Is that really the most efficient way to clean a track? With two days worth of suspense, this better have one heck of an ending.
Today we celebrate 42 years of LIFE! // Happy Birthday!
I'ma record it lmao
I know things get hard but boy you got it boy you got it there you go, cant you tell by how they lookin at you everywhere you go
To all those that don't know, session hijacking is when someone steals a login #cookie sent over #unencrypted connections, and login as you!
We simply do not know what the future holds. P. E. Bernstein
I know a trick that will make u forget about that headache
"People who drink light 'beer' don't like the taste of beer; they just like to pee alot." -Capital Brewery, Middleton, WI
Thank you :)
He who would teach men to die would at the same time teach them to live.
Nothing like a good creative brainstorm!
so I'm never late
Played hooky from work Tee time arrived 7:55 lost 8 balls on 9 holes lost my truck keys found my keys 2 hours later...worth every minute
what happened to all my twitter friends?
Considering the polarity of our two major parties, maybe it's time we brought this campaign back.
I call it muffin. Muffin sounds fluffy.
Is it legal to destroy eggs of an endangered species? Are they considered living?
but that's not all there is to golf! That's why I'm domed
lol I've got one that makes no sense either. I'm still baffled by it
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "The first to Apologize is the BRAVEST. The first to Forgive is the STRONGEST. The first to Forget is the HAPPIEST."
Tristan juss thinks I'm finna watch these lame cartoons all day. No sir!
it was a rough day. :/
Dear #soccer parents, If ur daughters didn't use 300 yards of the stuff this year, we wouldn't have had to substitute panty liners for gauze
Heading to to open for see you there!!
My course @ the Institute 4 Integrative Nutrition starts today! I'm officially on my journey 2 being a certified holistic health counselor!
It cracks me up that they bought 19 copies of the book, THEN read some reviews and decided to pull it.
Holy Cow it is georgous outside! And I will be working until after sundown... Oh well. This weekend I am riding my motorcycle nonstop!
.com/1826268/desks-where-creativity-goes-to-die Great #article about #creativity!
I knew rondo was going to miss that jumper
Much love back at you!! :) RT : I have the most amazing web design team! Efficient, patient & BADASS! Thank you !!
Gorgeous day for the range. Have to get my game back into shape, and need to escape the real world for awhile.
Your welcome! :)
Where is the 30&over crowd partying tonight.
Blake was the last Class 1A team to win the state title in 2009, aside from Warroad.
Neurotic to the bone no doubt about it.
you rock.
Summer is getting close and we are pumped to be leading some camps! Can't wait to see you all!
who fought ?
That's great! Glad we could help out.
stop by for a taste and to say hello at the #b2bexpo!
haha alright :p
If you can get a tattoo your eyeballs, you can most certainly get white tattoo ink. ;)
100%. Also TONYs, Architects, Records, Interior Designs, Crains, Arch News..!!!RT : anyone else get magazine overload anxiety?
#ChristianGrowth not letting the bully overtake me anymore! Satan get thee behind me!!!
Just changed my
Today we are getting serious for the first time and we are talking about suicide prevention in our community. We want to hear your thoughts.
about 2000 out of 6500 sounds about right. Enjoy your priceless day, Sunday!
You're very welcome!
Defended HOME program fr R attacks at hearing today. It gave NYC $2.1 billion to rehab 16k #affordablehousing units in last 20 yrs.
In Music Meeting- Arcade Fire “Ready To Start” it’s haunting and poppy- I like
I will think twice about touching anything on #muni. Just saw a man's bare ass crack rub all over a metal hand rail.
Take away my troubles, take away my grief Take away my heartaches in the night like a thief-Crazy Love, Aaron Neville
Answer on FB. I completely 100% support this resolution, I have this as a campaign issue on my website. baileyforchange.com
Hes the only person im constantly texting.
WOW!!! i just talk to our beloved president on the phone he gave me support to campaign for him
Kendra: It was very nice to meet you at the DFW Writers Conference, too. Look forward to reading your tweets.
Via , Douglas County lineman Blake Nowland has been offered by CU.
#GoSpursGo RT Brent Barry just verified my belief that the Spurs coaching staff really, really knows what it is doing.
Watching the old Star Trek programmes, they're quite charming ha.
It's perfect!!
loss to the ravens?
She Haten On Money
damn do any1 got ryan bingaman #
#kannaboom New Locking Class at Culture Shock Thursdays 630pm
No Worries & Feel better! & I had a good meeting...The Ideas are flowing! cc
true. and there were some other people around as well... and i think maybe giant orange balloons?
glad you're loving it! :)
Uva Ursi in right amts&dose can help the bladder. Staying on it too long can make the bladder oversensitive. check with an ND.
When in doubt, bring up a US open cup victory. Classic.
I had so much fun time in New York while i was rehearsing with the iNickelodeonShow cast! We are ready to film the new episodes!
Happy Opening Day folks!! This means summer is coming and a new year for the cubs haha
Why do some rollers rest the paint on a surface better then others? It's all about the nap!
saw wordtheatre tonight. Your stories feel like borrowed memories. Truly lovely
SP2 install only took about 20 minutes. It was painless.
No More Country on &#39;Idol,&#39; but a Soul Powerhouse Emerges
jesus better help me when i go to church today cos things aRE NOT OK SMH
Unfollowed someone 5 xs and it keeps following her back on its own. Wouldn't be an issue if she didn't think I was a devil worshipper.
Let us know when you're in ATL and we may do that.
I Xbox live meow. Add me and let's play! BabinkaCake420
Rockroll tonight! Rockroll tomorrow! Dayton, Loovull, respectively! We'll be working hard so you better be there!
Coughing in front of smokers to make them feel guilty. Don't lie, we all have done it
how are you feeling?
I'm doing santacon tomorrow during the day come
You got it all wrong.... is loving it. #2002 swag
and ask people if they knew when the Mongols ruled China.
In support of exclusivity “: Focus on the Family holding a rally on west steps of the Capitol in support of #marriage. #coleg”
Okay! lets tell Ella c:
I'm sorely disappointed that the time travel logistics in Hit Tub Time Machine don't seem to work out. For shame,
Lmao best line of "Modern Family" .. we just got a glare from Mr. Socks with sandals. It's funny because people who do that are douches
A pretty face, doesn't always have a pretty heart.
I already have a caffeine buzz just thinking about it! Thanks!
Come watch the baseball Playoffs at our place and feast on great pizza!
I'm on teamfuturedilf, now what? Should we scrap?
Downtown Chillin In Under This Hot Sun..
Looking out my window at the Chicago snow Happy I don't have to go anywhere today and get to run my business and be with my family at home
Lmfao someone wanna do me a favor? Then dm or tweet me!!
Resonant and tuneful
And I'm very hungry, like HUNGRY.
yea me too, a few weeks ago i did a project on the place and now seeing commercials and coupons and jesus talking about it...
800 Degrees Pizza, open til 2. RT : Where do you eat/drink in Westwood/by UCLA that isn't BJs or In-N-Out on a Wednesday at 10PM?”
going to bed now and getting up at 4 am! See ya!
Almost done with this damn class
I'll always find a way for you
Yes I did. Crazy.
Red bull #GivesYouWings but the #smashbrothers give u real music!
Quote of the Day: Enjoy the wonderful weather having lunch on our deck!
its a party on TNT lol
Leadership is a 3-legged stool: Spirituality, Chemistry, Strategy~Dave Olson
i would hope!! lmao
Foam party at Vogue tonite!!!!!!!!!
Took a shower got dressed and walked outside for the first time today and all I could think and feel is damn it feels good to be a gangster
When I Ask Questions I Already Know The Answers, I Just Like Finding Out How Full Of Shit People Are.
is competitive shopping the silent auction for charity market. funny how when things go bad, good karma throws u back on top soon after :)
Am I the only one who DOESN'T like chicken or..? I'm the only one? Oh okay...
God's regretting billions of abortions he never had right now...
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother. -Khalil Gibran
Good morning 😘
Fuccin hungrey. But dnt feel like gettin up so ill just wait till tomorrow
thus the reason there's always wine involved ;)
Happy birthday BFF
That's awesome! How's your training going? We want to know how it goes on Sunday, check in with us next Monday.
I'm not who you think I am.... And I'm def. not who you want me to be.
i dont knw y u hate jasmine she did nthing to yall:-(((
You don't want to throw down the gauntlet with me, Ms. Purchase. *Ordering* SLEEP.
Back home
Lol oh thats right RT : because u met me the love of your life
Nice to tweet you! Gotta love the #beagles!!
That ought to inspire the hitters now!
welp those 3 hours blew by rather quickly
When sleeps all day. What do I do? Lol.
I just want to say how sorry I am to all you ,"RHS Indians"....... Yeah I said it and I don't give a (....)
I'll do the Publix run!
Man... When I tell you!!! We are going in out here at Luella's
Been sick to my stomach all day :-(
I will. Thanks for the reminder.
:-( i hope you feel better
Nearly sober at
At the studio late [as always]
and no, ate at mcd's (outside vegas) for the first time in almost a decade
You're too cute for words!!
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool I want to go home.
It’s the thought that counts anyway, right? / The purple thought of you...
my eyes are closing as I attempt to text,tweet & bbm - mis ojos se me cierran a lo que trato de mandar un mensaje,tweet y bbm.
HA HA
Hi! I'm a dad of kids w/ #autism also in San Diego. A bit of shameless self promotion, Our testimonials are here:...
A SMALL FEE INVOLVED LOL
Forecast for Rest Of This Afternoon: Mostly sunny. Highs in the lower 80s. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph.
Then I figure out how to get on a flight to Austin. In the meantime, I'm in purgatory, which looks a lot like a Boeing 767 in Minneapolis.
Few more hours till Laker time.
“Relationships are like glass. Sometimes it is better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.”
#wcphilly #day2 : "Ticket #13536: "the 3.0 milestone is getting sparse. I'm afraid the tickets that are left m…
That sounds awesome - what are they like? I'd love an organic mattress.
Be sure to follow to support the fight against breast cancer!
I don't know where your going just get your ass back home
I concur!
Crappy Days
The next 4 people that follow will get a shout out and I will DM them promise
But the world is is cold! And my bed is so warm...
Fingers crossed for my interviews tomorrow!! 😁
who took that from my backyard!!
‎2/7 LAST Rush Event!!! Pizza and Game Night 7PM Flint Village Community Center!! COME OUT! FREE FOOD!! Now, who doesn't like that?!
LOC authorities site, it is not helpful to tell me that my search timed out when I click on the "new search" button. Not helpful at all.
Yes! We want to get some ladies in on the fun! Gotta fake beard to throw on? RT : Guys is following me.LOL
And I can't believe I haven't yet added your blog to my RSS feed. Fixing that right now.
Student Moving Kit Special!! $100 gets you 5 small, 10 medium, 5 large boxes, with FREE packing materials and as always, FREE drop...
I was actually looking into the cheapest tickets!
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
I think I've met everyone at Cody's concerts besides Cody..
The Carolina Hurricanes sue hip hop artist Tyrone Banks for prodcing a song about the franchise,hopefully Banks will call the Cochran firm!
#DancingWiththeStars is in full swing. We want to know: who is your favorite dancing duo this season?
glass in the face... whoa there.
I love the bobblehead! One of the best giveaways so far.
RT Everything you touch and do, everyone you befriend and love, becomes a part of the fabric of your life.
Eric, thanks for the RT, cant wait to check it out
y'all bitches still gotta come to the Triple nigga so its all good. I will be at the game. Both of them.
50 twitter followers! who-hoo! hey #50 you better not be trying to sell me porn. :)
These subtweeters.. Jesus Loves You.. Really.. He does 🙏
I had no idea James Arness and Peter Graves were brothers.
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
One time for all my new HHC Fam!
Tht was a charge
My ass got double teamed during practice. Fucking tricks!
I'm going to Emerald City ComicCon for the first time this weekend. Anyone ever been?
polish monsters love u!
Thanks for that
Thanks on the off-balance RT. Fall all over your weekend.
I had no idea I am so balanced. Following as many twitter accounts tweeting about #Oscars & #fashion as & monster
I have to admit that I am stupidly excited to show you all Ep 1 of Season 2 of -- the music, , gold.
bro!! I love your poster in the backround! Lol I have one too! ;)
Check out my art blog at www.adamchamy.com
thanks, I've already learned a lot haha.
I'm surprised you're not a Cardinals fan by default.
: Thanks for pointing out the fail. We're always trying to improve and we appreciate the feedback, positive or otherwise.
Vancouver Canucks have something to worry about-THE BOSTON BRUINS-
So much to do today at school BLAH! Augh... Hahaha
Interval training. Real talk.
I should get the world's best babysitter award. Just got the boys McDonald's
no food
my roommate is awesome, he is driving me to dulles at the buttcrack o dawn :D
With God all things ate possible. Have a productive Monday
lol na uh its never too late fore ice cream ...thankfully I have a high metabolism :p
do the 👏👏 potty dance
In "The Spiral Staircase" (1945), McGuire beautifully captures a fractured innocent who's lost a loving mother and the power of speech.
man D lunch seems so far away.
My DREAM is For You to Follow ,iHelped you with your dreams Not Make mine Come Truue <3
Rockin time last night at Thanks for stopping by & ;) #SocialGood at it's finest!
I hope that's not about Sandra...
The news is so unexpected, I thought half these tweets were about some strange character attack on Whitney Cummings.
GIrly you dont even wanna know what happened !
worst feeling ever
Chillin' with and ! What a great way to end the 2nd week of the semester!
Fast Facts: Executive Dysfunction hypothesizes that autistic behavior results in part from deficits in working memory, planning,...
omg lol the men in Spain are so hot..I haveny seen that many in France..a few. Omg shes pissing me off lol I can't wait to tell
great pic legs n nails
Hey...everyone needs a little 'elbow' room once in awhile...
Get outta everyone's business!
A $399 iPad 2 means that Apple is trying to absolutely kill all the 10.1 Android tablets
My boyfriend >>>>>>> your boyfriend
:O lol nice cap he has xD
Nothing sweet or spicy until I get better? Are you kidding me? I'm gonna die.
Just attended a funeral. A well lived life is a real blessing to a family.
Happy birthday to my brother #richard gahhh! Your getting old haha love you <3
Thanks for the mention! Good to be back in the #CRE industry.
Thanks for the follow and your great working helping pets :)
Better register that domain before a squatter picks it up! ;) Congrats man!
omfg i dont even know. i saw louis get to doncaster and i just broke down asdfghjkl
Good morning and Happy Monday!
just followed both hopefully the follow back:) they are great talented girls!
La Jolla at East Chase tonight at 9:00 p.m. with Kurt McKinney and Josh Oswald! See you there!
I really don't even like a baby python gripping me like that it's too messed up. Cornsnakes are good for me. Good pet for retards and gimps.
you need to find things to occupy your time. That will help with your attitude.
RT : The millionaires in eternity are the givers in time.
thank you! :D
happy birthday!! hope youre having a iconic/grand day:)).
Am I the only person who liked Steven Soderbergh's "Full Frontal" and found it hilarious?
Have you heard of the earliest dentist ever known to mankind? His name is Hesi-Re and he lived in Egypt 5000 years ago.
Only got 3 hours of sleep, going to be tired
I broke 137 skateboards before I stopped counting 3 years ago.
#NowPlaying Your Love Is My Drug.... Ikr. Such an oldie. Lol.
When I see a Lacrosse team and become depressed because ive always wanted to play.....
NEVA EVA IN MY LIFE HAVE I ONCE HAD TO STRUGGLE..
dont want to follow me i geuss its life thanx
not yet I was gonna look up people's emails from that email that was sent and look on cherry an white directory
I absolutely HATE the
Awww Look At You. I'm Smiling So Big Right Now =D
Check the freezer.
Yeates killing 'pure chance', court told
To keep your site protected from falling into a compatibility mode use <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge"> in your markup.
RT : There are a lot of fun discussions happening at SDLF today!
And so it is, just like you said it should be.
I am not a big game fan..I tried to listen to it..but yeah...dont get me wrong i like some of his songs..but hes just not for me.
oh really? :) that's cool and yeah it really is xD
what's good what kind of music do u do? If so lets colb songwritermusicofdash get at me!
Any artist out there familiar with using a roller looking for work tomorrow morning
Soon as I turn 21 I'm getting a revolver!
So im just being lazy today! Thinking of just doing errands and stuff. Got work stuff to do today to.
We all get the same amount of time per day. The difference is what we do with our time.
Arabic records allow past climate to be reconstructed
isn't duplicity the answer?!
true. DM is architect, narrative engineer, guide, and so much more
dont matter if it comes out june 8th or sept 8th just know whenever it hits the stores me and my family will be supporting u
Made a living at Langham with that move RT : Mackey McKnight with a classic move "Paused him, parked him, then put him away."
Romo is just explaining how guys can get on his level, pregame.worst part was romo making me feel bad for training only once today
hey twitter havnt been here in a while
we trippy thou :)
- gotta love Oklahoma!
Tweet in pig latin RT : i seriously may have gotten stuck with the worst finance professor ever...i hope he doesnt have a twitter.
St Louis Bound Baby back bitch #mardigrassss 🍻🍻🍻🍻
The people in the Yu-Gi-Oh Tournament downstairs are much geekier than the Comicon attendees
Just swung by 's office to see my mancandy. He wasn't there......Paul, I'm at Java. Come see me!
thanks for the big words. Glad to be rocking sick collabos wit ya. Sorry I didn't get at u on Sunday. This weekend for sure.
Q Crew VIP at the Cubby Bear/Janus CD release party...WHO WANTS TO GO? Message me!
Happy Birthday!
Haven't but am open to recommendations :) It would need to integrate with exchange.
God's blessing to man was a woman. Treat her right!
Well that's life for ya born to die
nnnnooooooo that sucks
I really wish I had known about this before just now; the thing as a whole looks really interesting.
I love my friends
Children are all foreigners.
I love you, lovely day.
With & we are just having fun:)
I really gotta make it down to your GW. Stat.
Even buttered bacon. A little leaven and all that.
Super wknd just got better! RT : We'll be selling fresh veggies at the Bakery Square Farmers Market on Sunday from noon-4pm.
Some people hate surveys. I love them. Just weird that way I guess.
RT We have a family night once a week (or we try to) & at the beg everyone does a talent--anything they want 2 share! Fun! -Cool!
The sun really shows off the girls cellulite
Worked on The Incredible #BurtWonderstone this week-and many laughs! AMAZING cast, should be a good film! Great fun! Wish I were there still
Follow because he needs more ladies! He's getting over his ex! Also makes good YouTube videos!
It's better than my birthday! RT : I think about a lot but especially on may 1
Brrrrrr...Is the water a little nippy? Not even a heated towel???
actually he wasn't too shabby ;)
maybe I'm just not pretty enough..that it?
happy birthday to the number one man in my eyes
When you're walking in the hall and you feel a wall walking next to you... you know you're short .
Ugh don't want to clean:(
I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it. ~ Edgar Allan Poe
Love the new Twitter for Android!
terrible challenge by Cinci
haha thanks but i said u didnt have to .... but relly thanks it means alot p.s. #TylersPartsOfTheBody hah we r trendin it :)
SPJ @ UW - Milwaukee is officially up and running. Follow us and connect with up and coming journalists at UWM.
Sold millions of albums. Very well known.
We're using the methods from Becky Moore Howard & Sandra Jamieson's Citation Project in the WC. I'm presenting on it at 4Cs.
Limits on legal freedom bite more deeply against low-status people; holding law constant, increasing status increases freedom.
I want to see the clipper game
Manage a night crew at a home improvement firm : What do you do?"
Thank you! :)
Those who really ride with me will show it next thursday...i have no room for anyone who don' t...it's a wrap for you
thanks for the link. I've got it saved for later.
Beautiful weather in the city of subdued excitement.
The iPhone is going to be a game changer. Love the apps. The sleek design. Me playing an analyst that has never held or touched the device
Library Patrons = Book Buyers. 27 books read each year, 17 purchased, 10 borrowed.
Giving medication isn't as simple as it looks.
No, didn't, thanks f/the heads up! Been reorganizing the stacks all week. Should now write the complementary snake blog post.
any recommendations for another, similar lens?
Bulls should just try there best to get D.Rose back
It's a couple ppl I look at and get mad or frustrated from at this school
you know it
Twitter Question Mark!
Do you know Joomla?
my heros has the heart to live the life i wouldn't live
miss you more. <3
Shout out to ! if you love me, you will follow them <3
Oh really? :D Thats pretty tight! :)
Summer could probably get here a little faster ☀
Don’t be reckless with other people’s hearts and don’t put up with people who are reckless with yours.
Cant help but laugh your bullshit amazes me.. I'll just smile and pretend nothing is wrong like I have been doing..
Hahaha. Well, if the other Walgreens I have to go to messes up my other order I'll probably be all fire and brimstone.
I've completely switched my routine to sleep during the afternoons and work at night and in the morning. Well, just gotta roll with it
You know it ;)
Wonder how much my #LennyDykstra rookie cards are worth now that he is going to prison for three years. More or less?
Thanks to everyone who participated in and supported the 32-hour relay!
that's where all the action is now
GREAT game guys
Joe Jonas' YouTube Honors for the day are: #31 Most Viewed (Today) #2 Most Viewed (Today) - Musicians
It's $3 Thirsty Thursday at Kilroy's Sports tonight! Get any drink for just three bucks! Even cover is $3!
start and end there.
Wow. Never in my life have I been so hungry that it woke me up. Thank God I live in the city that never sleeps! Golden Arches, here I come!
brb working on some server upgrades to make our site better. :>)
like legs, underarms, back/shoulders, legs. May I suggest waxing; it takes longer foe the hair 2 grow back, & when it does, it's finer ..
“: thanks for the follow :-)” Well thank you right back! Have you seen our site? www.wearelux.com
It feels good when you have loyal friends & loved ones who support you with every step.
what an amazing grizz game!
Hahahaha "I lovvvvveee this song!!! ANY MAN OF MINE BETTER WALK THE LINE!!! " 🔊🎧🎤
Just saw the bright orange Conan blimp floating over Columbus, OH!
where u at
Christopher Plummer is more articulate than Billy Crystal. Well deserved Best Supporting Actor.
Is goin to the Dbacks Game
Join Texas Music Coalition 6:30 tonite @ Sam Ash Music in S.A. for "DJ Techniques and New Products." Part of Texas Music Month events.
My rolemodel puts a smile on my face every single day. I love you Liz.
yes ma'am.
#highered #web Why are higher ed athletics sites always so jam packed with the ugly?
Not really looking forward to the OJ Mayo era in Cleveland.
my aunt askd me 2 get her sum ice water so I went in the bathrum and put mouthwash in her water she'll nevr ask me 2 get her anything anymor
Driving in the wind
Lol...RT : If your a big girl with no ass or titties, god hated you.
Shit happens when you party naked.....that's the T.A. creed
M day drank!
Adam Sandler is da bomb!!!! And so are you! Love ur work and forever a fan! Peace!
I'm good thanks :D
had dreams of violence, death and apocalypse. not in that order.
it's really not in this case
Durant with a prayer.
you're welcome! glad it worked out!
Bro named his MLB player jerkin muhtits!?
The '58 Beautility Furniture catalogue shows a room appealing to vintage collectors, designers & those seeing their past.
do you not get it? It is all about LOVE.
hey sexy check ur voxer i sent you a msg xoxo
Come by and say hello to our guest tattoo artist Kai from California!
We'll be counting down alongside with you; we've marked our calendars!
. planning to explore geo-spatial #foodhubs data to see what can be learned about food hub locations.
Everyone in this place has nice shoes
Tonight's Special: Hoisin-Braised Pork Belly with Sweet Corn Chorizo Grits and a Red Wine Lamb Demi. $10! So savory, so delicious. Stop by!
hope ur day is god
Now get back out there and make that inspirational music RT : Lil Boosie -- Found NOT GUILTY in Murder Case
Pretty girls >>
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now I'm marrying my dreams.
Mitt Romney wins NH! In england they call him Glove Romney
70 degrees my concave Irish ass; it is frigid out here.
Good Luck.
Six week run of my one-woman show, My Brooklyn Hamlet, in Los Angeles starts March 22nd.
“: If they can't keep a conversation going, don't expect then to be able to keep a relationship going.”
someones a little too conceded
awe. You to sweet !
hahahaha i don't know it made me laugh
We don't do reservations, but we'll do our best to have you covered!
blaring MJ all day in the lobby here too. guy who came to check the mini bar said how sad he was. also he loves the US.
which is weird types of fiction! Can't classify
“: I thought that I was multitasking but it turned out that I was only wasting time.”
lol yeah. This sports illustrated was talking about it. A hologram Larry Bird against Kobe. Lol
Scola just schooling Blake Griffin in the low post early.
It just took me 10 minutes to beam 2 notes together without making a mistake. Time for a break!
I'm sleepy once again
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 5
ha where at?
the best was the "has fleury regained his composure" "no"
Grilled shrimp and mango salsa.
Zappos&#39; Billionaire Wants to Remake Downtown Las Vegas
#WhatGetsMeMad waiting in long lines and hearing people complain about it! It's not gonna make the line go faster! Get over it!
I am so ready for the niners game tomorow
Find local deals from local restaurants at hometownmeal.com
lol. Ok so now I'm gonna go hide cause I'm Blushing
RT : loved Chi Chi Rodriguez's interview.what an awesome and funny human being/ love him too!
Which QB do you hope gets sacked more today? Brady or Manning?
Mike, you are the busiest man in Hollywood, what are you talking about !!! :)
Taking a break to get another cup-of-joe and make some breakfast. I'm SO EXCITED for the WAN website soft launch!!! Woohoo!
I have THE worst hangover ever i dont even think i replyed to Josh he probably think im a bitch huh?
ooh, will do!
My Dad and his girlfriend got me one of the Mellon Arena ornaments for Christmas. Definitely still hockey nerding out about it.
So we go to extras. #Rockies Matt Belisle in to pitch 10th.
Kid N Play > LMFAO
Getting ready for our Gold Star Tour this morning! So excited to share our school and show off our students!
Lol I like the Bulls so ima take it easy.
would you believe someone walked off with our leftover half bag of the Chicago style?
Hot coffee plus snow showers equals a perfect Saturday morning.
Thanks-glad you got mellow with M.M.
HAPPY SUNDAY!=D
When we sin, God doesn't withhold the consequences, but He also doesn't withhold His grace.
We know our friends by their defects rather than their merits. - W. Somerset Maugham
They mostly come out at night ... mostly.
I can't it says it's forbidden...oh well...
I thought the week night crowds of #safeco were bad. Just over 9k in attendance to watch the 14-8 home team
Love one of the tags on your Josh Smith piece: "Shawty." Chuckles.
The 7 followers that unfollowed me can eat a dick, sit and spin on a flag pole and die. :)
much obliged! i'll be your, um, 1,278--but who's counting?
And this is why I never get on Facebook Chat....
Congrats for 7 Grammy noms!!! Chi City!!!
lol i ain't ever done that. But no I'm just stupid wild !! 8P
So excited to see and Robert this weekend and finally meet my sweet nephew, Harding!
Its packed at Cirok, its goin down. If you ain't here you better get here!!
hey cutie! How are you!
Why do you need another arm when you can use Putkonen every day (#LeylandLogic)?
this is straight mockery
i could listen to songs from the big chair every day for the rest of my life and still not have listened to it enough
I forgot to tell you, if you see up in NJ, you better get me an autograph!!! Haha
iPod served only synth-rock this morning: Holy Fuck, BTTLS, AddNtoX, The New Deal. Must be the weather?
LATE NIGHT: bored? Want sumtin 2 do? gimme feedback on the few photos I've uploaded 2 Photography Facebook search: O'Donnell Monique Katie
RT : In Waltham 4 Info Cloud Summit w/ best & brightest of & Hitachi. unlock value of content owned by enterprise
Fuck the referee still..and Fuck Barcelona too....
Frankie o: your friends smoke weed... Naughty children. <3 follow back(:?
It's always fun to be on a film shoot with awesome people!
Hi Pete! Video projects are going great. Thx for asking. How about your projects? Did u catch any of the USA Pro Challenge?
lmao, YEAH ANOTHER VIDEO(: You bettttterrr upload tomorrow to!
enjoy!:) Celebrating Cinco de Mayo too watching Cotto & Mayweather Fight at Flo Lounge cousin
great #nascar champion contender presser from Miami ... entertaining verbal battles if you picked up on nuances ...
did Taylor make a decision this weekend?
yup he's following me too thanks to Shannon :) I was having a bad day but he made it better<3
My plate is way too full, and I'm not hungry. Moving, reading, working, blogging, promoting, and slowly going insane.
I like the yahoo ranks, but I've moved some myself...
RT : Hosted 25 today from ESPN! Plus others! RT : How many #SuperBowl visitors are making it out of...
Hope Everyone catches #TheDevilsRide tonight on It will be interesting to see what happens next ----->
Welcome, Person who does what I cannot.
"Leader of the PEN15 Club." Haha, I'm dying laughing. Best thing ever.
Seniors! Check Edline throughout the day for those permission slips. Another phone call will be sent out once it's online
Anyway, moving on, how've you been stranger?
Well, it is an educated guess. But it's still a guess.
Show tomorrow!
Morning...guess i should finally start my day
Forgot my headphones again
Anyone else notice the #fenway100 celebration was a total ripoff of the #orioles closing ceremony for Memorial Stadium?
dang 35 only gave me half a tank...
Breathe Cyrus, breathe...
haha which part were you inn? I was at panama city x
Students, is today your 1 st day of class? Tell us what classes you are taking!
Musical valentines coming your way all day on 89.9 !!
Random: Seriously, does anybody really think that Digiorno tastes like delivered pizza?
Stand-By Alert !! Reconvergence with Undergrowth -- Saturday
tasting wine. writing. blogging. taking care of dogs.
For you friends who worked at Tower 4th & Bway, I took a tour of the MLB Fan Cave. Receiving is now a kitchen, countout is now a bathroom!
Listening to #TheWanted I think I just found my new favorite band
sounds awesome! Must try!
Tweet tweet tweet!
Who took Mitch McConnell's chin? Probably some left wing conspiracy.
ok, i'm done. lol i will never get a phone call from ...i give up and DON'T tell me to NEVER SAY NEVER cuz it's not working!
#20songsilove this old man
happy to arrange for you to pick up brownie buttons. DM me if interested in learning more.
Say what you want, is the star of RHOA others can come and go, but if she leave knows that its a
3D brain doesn't adapt to 2D world. Same for accepting different people. In old world we suspect differences. Today these are new markets
it's leisure-tastic! thanks bryan, have a fab weekend!
God, I hate walmart. Those bastards can die in a fire, for all I care.
Leadership Development: How do we move from ideas to action?
Today has been a great day. I'm really hungry though.. Hmm, i'm not sure what I should eat though!! NUTELLA... :)
Wonder what is doing??? I just hit her jack
Steelers headed to the Superbowl!!! Woo Hoooooooooooo .. Can't believe all my boys will be here in Texas !!!! Yay
I was hoping Gruden was going to take Norv's place. Maybe someday.
We're looking for a #travelagent to join our weekly group. Let me know if you want to visit!
Finalizing our logo and working on the new site. Good things are in the works!
Omg. I See Stars just melted my face off! Major love!
Can we produce power in space or on a planet like Mars? YES. We produce it already on the ISS
We Will Be Sitting in the Sand All Day Today, If Your in Panama City DM Us...
Exorcist ring tone in conference has me wanting pea soup 4 lunch
Did I make an impact on the world around me? Did I act in private as I would in public?
now Newt has time to audition mistress and soon to be wife #4!
A week damn RT : Aint txt him in a week. Gotta let his mind wonder
I love being in Florida. The weather the woman and the party's oh can't for get the beach
I'm there now! Such a great evening to be here.
they're not...unfortunately the picture on the bag doesn't match the taste...
...having major issues with my internet connection.
The only guy I ever loved, fucked some bitch that I really hate.
Crystal Bell: 'Revenge' Recap: Goodbye Sammy Sweetheart: They say that when it rains, it pours, especially in the Hamptons. Emily is ...
Wonder what other B-Corporations are in Detroit area. Hope that will support more B-corporations in
Juicy on her butt.
Most likely a fall release.
inappropriately, too comfortable, his outfits look like little boy outfits, teenage style shoes, campers, very unprofessional. His military
great win at home! Solid team! Still fear top big ten team!
I still wake up wishing you were here with me...........SMH :’(
Johns Landing area! You will all have to come visit soon!
Make The Decision... That Your Afraid To Chose Because You Fear The Consequences. When You Know; You Know.
What up Big Rog, thanks for the follow!
May ur cards be live and ur pots be mustard!
Any advice for a friend considering starting a Weblog - Steampunk themed?
I just finished a 1.73 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
thanx missy just being myself :) how u been
Vilma suspended for the hole year! Wow they ain't playing..
Unless you go to grad school.
I love this girl. and if u say my love U'll all love this wonderful girl also. She truly is amazing :')
It's very important to prevent HIV/AIDS in families
I just made my first grad student loan payment. I'm filing it under a $501.57 Christmas present to myself. Or something. (Kill me.)
im gonna make my own band whoohoo me and my bestiee :D
I swear is Nasty with them Beats!!!
Thanks for following Harmon Design. Soft Home Furnishings & Window Treatments Best wishes for networking success!
It's even better today right? Can't wait to get outside with you and Seth!
same here, just lil over a week to go!
Tea Party Focus Turns to Senate and Shake-Up Tea Party-backed Republican candidates for the Senate are looking to infuse the upper chambe
Join us for Chris Rayis' new musical 'Just South of Gihon,' a fictional retelling of Bonnie and Clyde 11:30am in the Black Box Saturday!
Quadrant in Reading, PA is hiring Extrusion Operators, Casting Operators and Machinists. Hit me up if you got skillz.
S/O to all the dads today! We hope you have a great Father's Day!
Be a homie and roll through soma tomorrow. we can touch eachother and dance to beautiful rock and roll songs.
got my Philly tickets <3 they are helping me getting through my final exams this week.... can't wait <3 <3
Ran to the high school in the rain with Nicole.... My hair is dripping.
what diet bro?
With My Cousins
Aww thanks! Likewise beautiful
this is important? How @ bailouts, Fast&Furious gun-running, drone murders, Solyndra, POTUS lawyers admitting birth cert fraud..
Well...one out of two ain't bad. Merry Merry!
or are they already paying me? Hm...
GREAT to see you back on my timeline!!! :)
In the end it'll all pay off. Determination is my dedication.
Did you know that 106 schools have been failing for 7 consecutive years in CT!?
my hrs don't match the required standard I should get it back next semester
RT : How are you going to spoil your mom tomorrow? Flowers, a card, visiting us?
#NP When we admited that it didnt make sense. You instied that we could be friends, but I'll admit I was happy it ended:) - Goyte
Merlin is buying WKDN/Philadelphia from Family Stations, according to the RAMP Breaking News in your inbox!
Thanks for the Hoover's API mention!
Thank you too ! cheers for follow :-)
FIVE is currently recruiting for over 100 Healthcare IT positions across the country.
i can be ur twitter bff ;)
As a former MU international student it helped to actually participate in winter activities such as ice skating
An interesting thing about Our Universe...What you ultimately get is what you deserve...
I don't believe Lombardi, but that's only because I have no idea what the hell he's talking about
Dear Mattingly, do that EVERY TIME! Make Gordon bunt & if he reaches, Ellis takes pitches until Gordon steals 2nd.
Hope everyone has a great day and will stop uploading pics of moths in their house. We all know what moths look like.
I'm interested in your house hunting, where are you looking to buy, south side of Glasgow?
Picked up the new Bechdel and Rise of the Videogame Zinesters today. In dyke lit heaven.
God damn this series is good
Happy palm Sunday! Easter is next Sunday... Remember why we celebrate... Not for the eggs and candy but Jesus
Don't get my intentions confused
Work and SlamFist have really taken the Twitter time out of me... Don't worry though, I will be back to flooding your timeline soon.
UH 316 I THINK
I'll bet you made them ring it up for you, too. Faux pas.
Prayers go out to those who have no money for Christmas..I know the feeling only too well. The Lord will Always Provide for the Believers:))
and then I throw mine on the floor to prove my point again lol
Lovely running into my old intern bosses and Dan Pearson on the streets of NYC! Its been way too long guys!
I hate school -.-
Live at Brown Deer High School shortly, talking about tomorrow's memorial for Shaun Wild and new 911 tapes.
This --> RT There better be a Jeopardy sketch before I have to see Usher.
i'm all the way by palace station. I would if I was over that way
tks. i just saw as well. My issue is general 'lagginess' after #gingebread update. Think it's actually #ADWLauncher EX
#NATO, this city is going all out.
I'll be there at the promo table, stop by and say hi on your way in!
Stubbornly persist, and you will find that the limits of your stubbornness go well beyond the stubbornness of your limits.
“: Service update: No weather-related reroutes at this time.” This is false.
best show ever...be prepared to get hooked!
Don't knock masturbation - it's sex with someone I love. ~Woody Allen
102.1 so hopefully it stays low...gook some ibuprofen and some day quill.
My mother is rightfully worried that I'll never visit her in NC now! Am v fume-y and mad.
markmoskal is on twitter.
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand Coke Shaped Bodies
Why did u have to unprotect ur tweets, just to follow me & accept my follow? Thank u for following Patrick too! :-))
Went to hot topic and left w/ chapstick. I never find anything to buy when I come here.
Hello tweeters...... Is a beautiful day here in the "D" Detroit that is..... Lovin LIfe...
China Information Technology to Announce First Quarter 2012 Financial Results ... - MarketWatch (press release)
New Vernal building will keep dinosaur fossils in Utah
Unexpected playing quizzes <<<<<<
I am officially a Scentsy consultant!!! I'm so very excited! (:
re: SAXOPHONE request, you have to be in brooklyn/nyc. and we need ASAP. SERIOUS!
Yay Lauren! :) RT : Happy #mothersday to a very special mom to be!
Broadway Bar is goin 2 b off da hook this Friday Night!!! GIRLS GONE WILD will b in da house $1 Margaritas&$2Select Drnks 18+Girls/21+Guys
Darn school bus broke down 
i dont even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
Spray #WD-40 under the sole of a squeaky sneaker and let dry for 6-8 hours to get rid of the squeak! Don't throw that pair away!
How great thou art.
oh WOW! That's awesome! Have fun! Come see us in L.A. sometime. ; )
Monster Mania Monster Truck Show is coming to Lazy E Arena (lazye.com) on Jan. 7 & 8! Going to be a great show! Please RT!
please say that's not a challenge...
I'M FREE!!! #nomoreapexams #done!
congratulations once again to the #1 RockStar womens tennis champion!! Go Vika Go!!! Smile!!
hii can u foollw back please :) thank you <3
I wanna be a drag king ;)
"You should read 50 Shades of Grey. It's good. It might surprise you." I fucking doubt it.
It's a quarter to three, but i don't do sleep
and the goal comes like 20 seconds later after Ovie removed himself from the PP. Was he gassed?
It would appear, based on Tweets from (Evan Turner), that David Falk doesn't know how to cook eggs. I love Twitter
I thought it was ALL "who you know." How do I take my MS in Publishing and break into agenting--in Portland, OR?
Food documentary double feature at my house tonight - Fat Sick and Nearly Dead and Forks Over Knives.
OMG..THE CURIOSITY IS KILLING ME..I WNT TO KN WT are the #BigTimeNews now,,but have to wait till monday.
Spiderman birthday party. Spidey's in the grass doing magic tricks. My daughter: "Yeah, but aren't you going to climb up the building???"
After stopping in the Portland Whole Foods, think I'm ready to submit my application for cliche asshole certification.
So much of what we know of love we learn at home.
Love yourself today!!! And the other if you have it!
How was your weekend ATL? Did you have a big weekend or did you lay low and watch the Oscars like we did?
Re:Poverty So sad - more and more students impacted by poverty because of globalization; give a parent a job & give a child hope
Dermontti will be around the ballpark all week! However, his Legends Week night will be May 27. Are you thinking of coming out?
Erased all the tweets from yesterday.... It was a horrible day.
A5: It depends on the age of the kids and if the new person was responsible for breaking up the old one!
Because of my ex, idont open up as fast as some people would like me to :/
I feel like i have a tie to #newmexicowinds being from the #windycity :)
So I'm officially not going to school tomorrow..
what was your other one for?
Christmas is going to be rough this year. Funds are low PLEASE HELP ME #swagginwagon. I wanna give my son the life I didn't have growing up.
Giving away a discount code this afternoon for GOkickball Columbus summer season via facebook & twitter. Be on the lookout!
im scared your gonna find someone else...ugh why do i do this to myself.!!
Here for a conference/a little vacation. The perks of working for Weisburd!
Downloaded it for free already..
It was great! Thanks so much! Glad you liked it. I had fun performing it!
Doesn't look repulsive today.
Creamy white in color, white chocolates are used for all types of cooking and baking
it's ok babe, I know you're scared to express your true feelings. Shit, I am too!
time to paint a line on top of the wall
You're welcome - I'm not sure what a simple @ is? But still learning to drive this thing at the mo! Stuart
You have grown so much !! In a good way :)
fossa anatomy definition
Great day so far. Spend the afternoon. You can't take it with you.
‘#Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.’ – George Washington Carver
I think I'm getting arthritis in my mouse-clicking hand.
White pants are my new style!
LeBron really mad at Chalmers. Just yelled at him "You got to box him the fuck out" lol
Thanks! I never knew about the app!!! <:D This will really help me, on the go or otherwise!
My 14 year old daughter Leana performing now at the Tilles Center playing clarinet for the Nassau-Suffolk Jazz Orchestra. She the youngest!
let's make it happen, what's up with that tackling? Let's get it together guys.
As if I needed another reason to Hate Kid Rock.....Romney...? Really?
I just took an awesome nap!!
“: being tan = not having to wear make up.. #love” I can't wait to start tanning again , just for this ! #
Missing Austin friends & ths year....but hopefully not next year!
just enjoyed watching the Condor direct flight to Frankfurt take off from Seatac Airport! Beautiful 767.
Thank you for the great inspiration today in Albuquerque!!
Fireman fire suits look cool n futuristic
a homie getting famous...
they chaged the time again???!!!
YAAAAAAAYY!!! Our friend David just donated $10!!! With less than 2 hours left, has attained the status of Fun Friend!!
Worlds collide indeed! - Great to meet you, Nicole -
For the LOVE of Buddah ... I'm frigging wide awake at 2.23 AM PST and I can tell ... I'm not going to be going back to sleep! Damn arvo nap!
Let me consult with -- probably east-ish side though.
Live party closer, another new track: 'All trains south' Bar
hahaha. Who names their kid Elvis? Lmao.
It's a spreadsheet kind of day...
-"who are you trying to set Maddie up with?" -"No one I don't like boys."
Wrote a great one with Emma Grandillo and Don Huber. Now onto another good one with Cathy Majeski and Pamela Hayes!
All one has to do is see what Redev did for Gaslamp, Horton, etc & quickly realize we can more of same in E Village w no cap
Sunday Fundays = Miserable Mondays
Bangs are at the that intractable length... Down looks like a shih tzu, tossed back looks like Billy Idol, to the side looks like Bieber!
everyday should be Valentine's Day.
Im taking a nap..... Be back later
Thanks bunches for supporting the show!
Be museum experts first, technology experts second. -
I am tracking swirling winds right now from De Leon Springs, Deland, Lake Helen and soon Orange City...heads us
everybody I consider family is working & getting recognition for the time, effort & dedication.
Hahaha when can we do it ?
Jersey Shore ! #yeahbuddy .
It can’t get any worse, can it? Obviously, it can.
Yeah like you sould like them becuss they can dance
Someone tweeting apologies like a madman to everyone who tweeted about controversy. Wow -- proactive!
Also, free reports for up to 50 recent tweets. Happy to talk more via email/phone - jenn [at] unionmetrics [dot] com. Thanks!
Fed up with the endless verbal jousting, I shed my satellite service. Talking heads withdrawal? Piece of cake! Why did I wait so long?
TOMORROWS MY 15th BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!:D
Going through my Indian/Mediterranian phase. I found out 15 minutes too late that the Thai seasoning makes everyone sneeze for hours..*sigh*
The long run puts the tiger in the cat. I just finished a 4.03 mi run with a pace of 11'10"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Refinement of style
whenever im upset i think of how unfair the situation is, i try not to but its so hard
“: I wanna shout out, "Omg who the hell cares?!" Then leave class lol” lmfaoooo
you might get demoted to the sixth member of the show...
good! How are you? :)
Cant wait till my dude Makes it big in the NBA
F*ck 'em. Follow your dreams! No matter what.
CEIR’s Allen Shaw says the trade show industry had 6 consecutive qtrs of growth, giving strong reassurance that the industry is recovering
Very clever of to partner with Angry Birds. Really hope kids find it inspiring (at the least get a visceral sense of gravity)
when will Ryse open in the City Vista?
don't forget to count before hiding ;) take a picture of them first if ur counting skills impaired Hehehee
ah watch men in black 2 again...
Red state,,,, easily one of the best films I have seen in years, watch it!
Out of nowhere, for absolutely no reason, my mom just looked at me and said "everytime I see your face I just want to bark." I'll kill her.
you took it too far.
Thanks Ryan, I just sent you an email.
#YouAintHittinItRightIf I'm texting and want another round
It's here, the "building a stronger tomorrow, together" HEW banquet at the Hyatt! What a feeling!
EVERYONE FOLLOW the best guy on CNN
Follow my new twitter
what happened?
#OneThingILove being with you
OctoMom is doing porn now. And no, that's not Similac on her shirt.
SAT word of the day: pejorative (adj.) derogatory, uncomplimentary
I wouldn't have thought Renardo would have finished at all.
IM INTERESTED IN THE ROLE TELL ME MORE
Hooray! thank you Jenna!
If the observation (as it were) of Galileo's birthday today inspires appreciation, read "Galileo's Dream" by Kim Stanley Robinson
In HS I used a typewriter and learned two spaces. Went to com college, 1st used a word processor & learned diffrnce
Picked the girls up from school and they said "no sa leave i stay" that made me a sad sarah
TODAY. Lets all listen to holiday songs and drink really good beer!
Turn your life into a work of art over the course of 1 day. Call for participation: MariaScileppi.com
I must admit, His goodnight call made me blush.
So, I JUST discovered a recipe for little cakes you can make in the microwave using coffee mugs. Time to experiment
Dead tired.. wanna pass out and sleep for a week straight!
that's just creepy! Remember the slogan Pepsi for those who think young? Now it Pepsi for those who drink their young!
My ambition is to be happy. ~ Penelope Cruz
He always thinks things through and always has a "plan B". Smartest candidate we had.
Game of Thrones is awesome
LIFE Church :)
'Funeral Singer'; the Wedding Singer's fallback career.
Gov Patrick in Sao Paulo Brazil
Thinking of and tonight. Sorry Curtis - Go Cuse!
please don't ever take your fans for granted, please.
guys know more about it later on in the week.
when you totally go ham on someone and feel like a BOSS #accomplished. <3
cool ! i cant wait to hear it .
hey Tyler can I get a follow back beautiful ?
So stoked to see play tomorrow. It's going to be the best day ever. Love you guys !
Can I just have green eggs and ham, instead?
please don't leave me . <|3
Critics Consensus: Battleship Is All Wet This week at the movies brings us a trio of cinematic adaptations from disparate source material
u gon openly lust in church lol
Me too! For the both of us. I hope I can go.
make them eat their words! We had faith.
Join Midtown's Green Team and volunteers tomorrow for a Tree Planting Event. Volunterrs will meet at 10am at 1221 N Calvert Street
how I switch sides I ain't said nothing bad bout my baby
Every breath you waste on hate and ignorance is a lost sigh of contentment.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is to know she's appreciated.
i'm in for a case after tonight's meeting RT : Distilled more single malt whisky today - yum.
Starting to learn the rules to cricket. Go Pune Warriors!
Think I just realize how much much I love my puppy! She is a lil crazy, but she is the best! She always makes me smile...
Its always stressful gettin ready before a show >_< , got 1000 and 1 things to do..
RT : RT : Sitting in front of the computer for six hours a day increases your risk of death by 40%.
stupid fans
"What are your surroundings?" Lmao!
Headlights were first introduced in 1915! Long time ago...
so stop by
Rest in peace, Maurice Sendauk. And thank you for your art.
I've got one bestfriend, my mom. Best present from God.
You know you've played too much Tetris when you close your eyes and all you can see are dropping blocks.
Missing someone + No texts from them = Worst feeling.
In ancient Egypt, 40 years of age was the average life expectancy. That means men would have been having their mid-life crisis aged 20!
She likes Anna's Song
only if youre going from 24 bit to 16
u got a family now?
Wait... you mean it was still hockey season?
good to hear ok where I go listen?
I wonder how annoyed how these P.A announcers have to be constantly saying, "Metta World Peace"
"Wld have came back 4 u I just needed time 2 do what I had to do, caught in the life, I can't let it go"
Is your name MonkeyFuccinACoconut sir?
I was wondering where you'd been! Have fun!
#ManCity wins the Premiership. Incredible drama. This is the power of sport! Unbelievable.
#ThingsWeAllHate People butting into conversations that they don't belong in.
she said she wants to do the wild thing, let's do it
“A young soldier survives the heat and sand only to die in a frigid creek with a young mother's blood on his hands. Horrific.” ~Brune
This game right now tho
hi andrew! what data are you seeking? u can also try who is active on the project now & may have updated info
Burger Date!!! RT : In case you missed it we are now open in the south side 1505 east Carson street.
You're very welcome! And thank you so much! :]
Nixgee, did you find anything?
Dunno, I generally think of it as "'s blog" and pay no attention to its actual title.
Cool! Those images were pretty technical.
www.soundcloud.com/artofevilgeniuses #raw #underground #HipHop new album #apotheosis coming very soon
Boston seems to be imploding.
hope you have a good night sleep niall<3!!!
Gonna stream for us tonight?
My hilarious dog..."you want me to walk out in that?" #lucy #princess #can'tgetherhairwet
Which measurement tools do I need? Depends on needs & budget.
Thank you my dear Cassie!!! It means a lot. Happy New Year!!
it was delicious! I can never go back to sugar free..I wont do it haha
what did she say?
You are correct.
ahaha! Do we make y'all nervous??? Lolol(:
haha good idea. I was thinking about abstaining from the blow jobs for him for a bit. but the lemon thing sounds better. ...
I love watching the Spanish network
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job. Jim Rohn
Understand where your library is going. The writing is on the wall that academic libs are more and more about e-resources.
saw my mommy, golfed, ate a pizza, and hit the bong. what a sweet day
I've just finished my work out! I feel soo relaxed and fit :D
hahahaha I'm telling Jared!
not to mention the unconfirmed user plugin!
So I just ordered french toast, eggs, and mashed potatoes. My server looked at me like I was insane, hahah.
Just not going to sweat the small stuff.
Today Only! Ladies Haircut $45 Mens Haircut $25 with select stylists give us a call 402-0037 See you soon!
hey what's up ??? It's been like forever haha
so sick & tired of fake bitches who think they models but they not
Water is totally in right now.
Cushion109 is my sister.... Go follow her now!
Thanks Cindy. You are an angel!
Who can get us some shows out of Memphis in July?
Live to love
im making a documentary with me and my friends called l.i.f.e
My brain melted today. The only cure is more ice cream.
I hope she didn't cheat. That would just be grimy in my opinion.
#PennState hater! If you know so much, why no mention of 1/3/12 PSU HC announcement WIDELY reported by many reputable sources
No all-Williams matchup after Stosur win
thank ya J! Love ya!
Are you saying anything else would blindside you? Then watch out, because that's what Hines made a career doing.
best shopping pals ever!
just waking up,but I'm locked and listening What's good yall
": New Music releasing today Feat #hear my cry RT"
We've got the bulls game on live in the booth here at #citrixsynergy stop on by
The web just happens. Like how mushrooms show up overnight.
This is sad. MT : McCain on Lugar loss: "The moral of the story is: Don't play defense, play offense."
I still have her last 2 to read....maybe this summer I can catch up.
discusses the projects of NYPL labs, including geo-mapping of historical documents, public can interact
Follow these steps: 1. Get a calculator 2. Type "58318" on it. 3. Turn your calculator upside-down. RT if you smiled or understood it. =)
Saturday morning fun audio. Give it a listen. www.freekshowradio.com
Now diaw doing work spurs starting to get it together #GoSpursGo!!!
aw, you're just saying that cuz i gave you half of a yummy cookie that jennifer in #crafty made on the #teenwolf set that day
When they did the crowd shot, did you see how much Carolina blue there was? Whoa. That was a home game atmosphere for them.
2 for Hugo. On a roll.
ACK! How did I not see that had more choices than just the recommended fonts? I've been living in a prison of my own design!
Getting away is great and home is even better! If I can help u promote your new projects let me know! :)
hey !(: man come to mexico with Austin
is that a serious question? Ron Paul is has been ideologically consistent for 30 plus years
Let's hope so!
Anytime. Support that's #SOLIDASAROCK!!!! How have you been?
I don't know what else to do anymore....
Who is in the trade? It's great sitting on the throne!
Great. And thankful. How about you?
More legs in her shot. Easy fix.
Treat your computer to some preventative services tomorrow & get $5 off AND a green cookie!! Facebook "LIKE" us too!...
I must say that the has had a number of good planning/preservation/community development related articles today.
500th tweet goes to my best friends & I don't know where I'd be without you guys!
so weird !!
#BostonCeltics you can't turn the ball over 17 times and expect to win on the playoffs! You beat yourselves!
Forgetting all I'm lacking, completely incomplete. I'll take your invitation, you take all Of me!
just focus on getting through. It's a lot, but you're strong enough. Lean on Prof X.
A DJs job is 2 play music people want to hear. Playing YOUR music to make people want to hear is PROMO. There is a charge 4 that
shout out for hooking me up with the #Nike Revis Knows T Shirt
Celts had some terrible shots , bad poss., and let the Hawks back in. Go Celts
Students have been interviewed during investigation involving #ElkRiver hockey coach.
What's up with Jimmy Johnson's contacts?
clearly you're talking about me. haha
do you like Apple Pie or Vanilla Ice Cream better? :-)
hey follow me back this precious
Hopefully Mesa College will be next on the list!
So a point was made today That I talk Hella sh*T on my status lol. I'm gon behave now i promise. ;)
RT - "You change with every situation and event you go thru in life" -Miami Dolphins RB Larry Johnson
Have given 12 free copies of The Hunger Games away today for World Book Night... 8 to go!
#FF My Favorites reads of the week! Happy Friday to you all!
is just chillin hard on the couch ---------- unresponsive
Did and sneak off to coachella without and I???only worse friendship was in that movie #NOT$
heading up north to visit the Russian River! Fun times, and kayaks what more?
Good afternoon! Don't forget to buy your tickets to "strut for the horn"! Tabling from 2-5 in MGC!
It's not across their platforms, but Compellent, EqualLogic and their Proactive warranty support on PE
Hey wuz up hope your doing good! Nice that you will be performing at the Miami Marlins hope to be there! Follow me
I need a mulligan after that effort - no doubt!
5 days until Armed Forces Week begins! What was your favorite event from last year?
RT : When studying, read the rationales of the questions that you get right AND wrong. Refer to the text to clarify the...
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
haha! that's different, but we wont knock it till we try it! we're always open to new omelette toppings!!
