Off to my dads house with my dog(:
NOBODY'S talking to me. :(
The actress who plays Joan, Christina Hendricks, may be the best actor on the show. Great subtlety and presence w/no bombast.
The awkward moment when me and have the same exact thoughts >
Buzzin bout to Crash
Finally The Wedding Is Over... Now Off To Sleep Tmrw Gunna Go To Six Flags Fiesta Texas (:
In America today you can murder land for private profit. You can leave the corpse for all to see, and nobody calls the cops. ~Paul Brooks
hey dude check your phone if you get the chance later!
now if only something with Robert Benjamin woul come on. Portnoy's Complaint perhaps ?
Wish 's twitter game wasn't so damn juice. All his fans wanna know
Trying to figure out how I manage to have anything left for a tennis match on Saturday morning.
lol hilarious. Had to clothesline my kid too.
For some reason whenever I tweet saying follow some1 else, most of the ppl follow me lol ppl r so backwards
why? You need anything?
Real talk RT : Ready to go home
My apple just exploded.
Couldn't find the right album today. that's it.
Forget it ..ima just go to sleep...
If you love that someone fight for them .
I look calm but it's killing me inside
That's bullshit if you can't play hard basketball.
I'm pretty sure I got like a 30%
you'll learn the ways ((: of the
If 'ilm was limited to extensive reading, a sharp mind, and having much info, then even today it would remain incomplete. -Mufti Taqi Usmani
not even.. pshhhh
Oh whatever
missed Hightower pick was out looking at cars...
That sounds like an awesome job!
:) Hey. Keeping an open mind is always a good thing.
Da only sites encrypted&protected from hacks r ones associated2 simonthunder.com Others exist soley'cause they advertise Simon Thunder4free!
ha looks like u should focus more on college now and fixing your grammar than worrying about after college
: Happy mothers day to the one and only
#BratsAdoreCher < I am interpreting this BRATS„ as in the sausages, which makes more sense to me
Your love is so sweet , its knocks me off my feet(:
THANK YOU 4 ALL THE LOVE AND SUPPORT! #teemadness12 VOTE PURPLE & CHROME
Love You Guys :D
I need to pee and this bell takes forever.
#WhileInARelationship trust has to be there
Hour and a half for.three innings of little league? Good thing for two hour time limits!!
Ha ha! Thank you Lois : )
yes totally, tools = extension of self. on unrelated note, i'll be in la this summer, we should meet up there. :)
I can't stand looking at you I swear
BET I'M BOUT TO DO THAT NOW
Why the hell do I cry during every Vampire Diaries episode?
Thanks Girls and Happy Saturday..Hope it's warm and sunny where you are!
I agree. But voice is more than just word choice. It's point of view and meaning ...
I made alot of mistakes
Thanks for the RT earlier this week!
Good night all!
Can summer get here any faster? Seriously i'm dying here!! haha! can't wait to see my girls and !!!:D
Haha. The Spanish announcer guys are calling Belichick "Billy Belichick." This is great.
So!!! is the new girl at ur school?!..Lucky her!!:(
I doubt it.
Happy #MothersDay to my awesome, loving mom Hope you have a blessed day.
HEY MOONMAN...U'R HERE...WELCOME TO THE SQUIRREL-NEST...NOW PLAY US SUMPIN SMOOTH..T/F/S..
My life literally consists of school, homework, work, sleep.... #repeat #busygirlprobz #💰💰💰💰
older is so much better. 40s sucks but 30s are PRIME.
Thanks for the follow, see you at your open house.
♬ Want to see Martina McBride, She's performing tomorrow Jul 30, 2011 Solomons, MD, Calvert Marine Museum, don't miss her ♬
Well it's a series. Lakeshow just need to get they're legs back. I say clear the bench and let the reserves get some in the 4th.
u can't wear dress shoes riding your bike to train station, you would look like a goofball <- wisdom from my daughter this morning
I'm soaking wet and cold can't wait to get home and get under the covers
thought that was a given.
Last presentation ever at Heinz tonight. Obviously will be djaying, storytelling..someone should streak
Told we are going to see the B-52s she said, "the love shack guys?" Yep. Not the "rock lobster" guys.
the best
Glad to have you as a friend!
Happy Hour always puts a smile on my face. Especially when The bartenders know your name and what you drink.
'Books are written in Cairo, they are printed in Beirut, they are read in Baghdad.' - cultural proverb, quoted by
RT : Shoutout my guy for the gear!! Much love my guy!! Good music wit coming soon!!
Going to try a run on this gorgeous day. Knee hurts but have had post-race runner's low all week. Need to clear my head & soak up some sun!
illegal cab?
If I was your butthole I'd nver let you poop
GYR3gr3hfiuk3jenc¶#@¶#@#€@Ω¶∂#«“@!! That's how I feel right now.
omg i got loose on the juice too! ended up blasting primus and alice donut down in studio with the fang bros
So tired... Can't keep my eyes open and I'm out to dinner with friends. This is awkward
Success in InCopy adoption--a freelancer came into office, sat down, started up font software & InCopy, made own (approved) text correx!
And he failed them how? Your a fucking dipshit. LIAR!!!
:) not much wbu?
It took radio 38 years to reach 50 million people. Television did it in 13, Internet 4, iPod 3, Facebook 2, and Twitter did it in 6 months.
Get to know one of our sponsors, !
My trophy of pogonotrophy is gone but not forgotten. After 6 months & 1 week, the beard has been sheared!!!
We love giving early Christmas presents! Enjoy.
Be honest with yourself about game performances. That is where your image is established.
#ParkerVegas still happening! Stop by our booth #1609 to get your posture on! Shirts are 50% off!
On Query Tracker it says you rep YA, but your agency website doesn't have it listed. Are you actively seeking YA? Thanks!
uh oh. where is this going. hate to see you in pain.
The weather really need to pick up here.
hahaha yes its harder to get to follow me than a famous person lol
play on!
mee (: thank god for battle of flowers !!(: ugh but the sad part is I'm not going downtown .. Ha
heart attack, party of one
RT“ Once you have the heart of a #Pisces, you will have it for a while.”
"It is cheaper to solve homelessness than put a band-aid on it" -- Secretary Shaun Donovan
RT : Mavs will continue their royal blue-outs through the WCF with shirts sitting in every seat beginning with Game 1.
congratulations, Mark!
LOL, It's official. I'm obsessed with the Hunger Games.
Toshiba announces three new Android tablets - BGR
Time for some Diablo 3. Aw yeah baby!
“: Writin my record for all u animals” Can't wait!!
I'm good still young but tall!! Hahah lol
I used to throw shirts out at suns games...the things people would do and offer to do to get one were crazy
Everything she does annoys the living hell outa me. I wish that bitch would just....... Move. Lol
- How about MORE Latinos and LESS stereotyped roles
"Way down, all I know your loving pulls me through - Yeah, I owe it all to you." ::mugison::to the bone::
meh city, except for the belly dancer.
Aaahhh! Gotta luv our technology impaired parents! My mom quit Facebook after 1 day!
I'll vomit
oh OK March I knew it was March ray ray kept saying february
Going shopping at centre court
Those are awesome!!
That's partly why they built the GT MC in 2011. You should drive one if you get the chance.
Lure or live bait?
that's what I was trying to tell you the other day
---I would love 5% of that for
I just want to say #ThankYou & #ILoveYou for being in my life I don't know what I will do if I didn't have you in my life #GodIsGood Amen
Well obviously since i read it it was about me! duhh! (:
We're bummed that our BBQ was canceled, but we are looking forward to the BBQ THIS Fri! Check out our blog @ auambassadors.wordpress.com
One more to go! Congrats!
Thx 4 the follow, looking forward to your twitts.
Great April 3 Daily Show (Mr. SCOTUSblog, neighbor--never met him) and Colbert Report (dog with peanut butter tongue defending #dcvote)
I just want to remind everyone that every Thug needs a lady!
hey hit me up when u get a second. I messed around and deleted my text message from you
At my baby's softball game
Every time I try to login to the Adobe site, it takes a half hour of "I forgot my password" rigamarole.
Referral program: Tell a friend about Strange Beauty Show and receive $10 off your next service! Easy discount ;)
Well, i don't curse anymore so i don't use the real word. I just use words like it :)
S/O my little sister Becky for getting some up to date music in my car!!
Looking for a Personal Chef or Personal Trainer? Hit me up I happen to know someone. I hear he's pretty amazing.
How to embed usability testing in organizations that have mentality: "if it ain't broke, don't fix it"? Any suggestions?
interesting. Safari update disable old, out of date, potentially vulnerable version of Flash
Two direct books for next week!!
Those hugs that make you not want to let go.♥
the world always needs more bartenders
Thanks for the wilco stream. I am totally rocking out !
And at half the quality ;)
can't b strong anymore
Matt Cavanuagh must be a discuss coach in track and field not a QB coach in the NFL if he thinks Tebow has good mechanics
Dam i hate waking up knowin i gotta go to school everyday. /: im so tired...
Put your money on the Yankees this year!
follow back plzz
On the phone with a hot babe! 😍
Gym swag with ..super set or take ya ass home
Glad the the Browns got at least one Samoan from USC.
Happy mothers day to all my followers who celebrate it today!
Last night of overnights for awhile - I am excited to reintroduce myself to my bed.
Have a question? Don’t be afraid to ask! Use the #CLbrT2012 hashtag & put it out there!
Lets take a plane
The world is changing very rapidly. Big will not beat small anymore. It'll be the fast defeating the slow.
I just had a slow moment. I hate slow moments. Lol
But GOOD for the local economy! woot woot! :)
Jesus saved me. Hallelujah
mavs looking good vs. bulls
I'm like a magnet for that one person at protests etc. who just wants to ramble (and shout) absolute nonsense.
I feel like I am totally going to miss out on #missoni for Target and I am not pleased.
Fighting a spiritual battle while dealing with human emotions and feelings, baby I need you to trust God on this one with me, please😒🙏🙌👼
I pray that Lakers comeback!!
RT : Get a new leash on life and adopt a furever friend...
Just watch...now our second baseman has a fractured wrist
Don't know anyone at Brownstone Park but I've seen it. Very accessible, busy spot! (Ask about repair policies and crime.)
I've done that twice in my new house!
fuck yeah! i got 50 dollars! on my way to see and OH! and c;
they are 6 hearts and a face loser
Friday is here. Family time with the grandson.
And Carlo, feel free to twist (well, ignore) facts to fit YOUR viewpoint.
- Prediction for tonight, #Arod and #Jeter both go yard and Nova goes 7 and gets the win.
is at work and counting the days to the National Championship Game! UT vs. Alabama...Thurs at 7pm! Hook Em Horns baby!
Do anybody know how i can upload pic into twitter , i keep gettin error message that the pic is too large. How do i reduct the size.
Today we discuss bell hooks' Black Looks. Let's consider the contexts in which/against which she wrote in the late 80s/early 90s.
Making progress on the next #SymphonyCrack record.. in it to win it..
I feel bad
Are there any ATL marketing jobs open or opening? Graduating in May & willing to relocate/travel
followed follow me please
Glad I could help! Your new place is fantastic :D totally need to find a time to hit up Ikea...
I think they are very cool birds as well!
haha! the perils of being self-taught.
Egypt is finally having elections. Hot Button Issues: new constitution, sharia law, more pyramids.
temped to I follow you
Last week had a patient almost crawl into my ofc. After intense treatment ovr 4 days. He is walking tall now. The human body is amazing!!
haha weirdo I miss you!
Basketball is my life bro ^o^
Gee. Wouldn't it be great if there was a way to travel this holiday season without the hassle of layovers and long lines?...
The bed bugs are so bad that you are seeking shelter with scientists?
Be so glad when Prince tours in the u.s.a there is nothing like a Prince concert you never forget that experience#teamprince knows about it
What did you do with that extra hour today?
when will we be getting lunch?
Thank you Steve Lavin, Jim Larranaga, Stan Heath and Kevin Borseth!
Like.. Who dance battle?
Hair? Check. Flowers? Check. Makeup? 1:30.
What is the best sushi in #NYC ??
what happened to Lil?
rugby team playing in prom dresses this weekend! gonna be awesome...
Did You know April is National Food Month? Stop by and sample some of our delicious dishes to celebrate!
Global Crash on iTunes, in the US, Canada, Mexico, Japan, Latin America/Brazil, Australia/New Zealand, UK/European Union
I'm tired of saying sorry when really you're the one who has done wrong.
is my favorite<3
Don't miss Mike Rodenkirch play on Saturday night 7-11pm.
Allergies are killin me
5th grader to educators: I've never learned so much about Chicago. In one day, I mean. Good job and keep up the good work.
u 2 SO will you please help me get followers ????
That is awesome! I so need one for Evangeline.
who said I can't have multiple resolutions?
no phone dude dm me .
hashtag. Follow Friday's. Etc...
Hope you're all watching on !!!
Nm how bout you? :D
Hello your boyfriend looks like a child molester.
So many people in one place makes for a bad cell signal. Hello, Opening Day!
Lol at this show *steers away from saying sth ageist*
one of many battles in this beautiful country whose govt does have 'interesting' priorities.
Humble yourself and you shall be honored. Honor yourself and you shall be humbled. -Unknown Author
Love em or hate em, is a marketing powerhouse.
Lucky you! Lucky you!
Oh I'll be back...So many more dishes I want to try!
It's the beer more than the fish. On me. You needn't worry.
God I hate it when people make me cry and lately it seems like that all anyone wants me to do.
I jus followed you :)
CASTLE HASN'T BEEN CANCELLED ALREADY?
plzz follow me
Love possible idea of NCAA Baseball tourney being all Best of 3 series until Omaha.. Would be more profit for NCAA also!
Both dogs are asleep in my office...it's like dueling snorers in here...
Hello Library, you mean mean woman....
Tim Tebow will be just fine at the end of the day!
: follow :p
NYC...and at all MLS special events and big games
Help us reach 2000 followers! Follow/RT for your chance to win a $100 AMEX GC!! Winner announced once we reach 2000!
#CNNTrayvon. Just realized that CNN was doing the Treyvon special, thank goodness for "start over"
I'm glad you dislike Courtney as much as I do. Why can't Ben see through her?
» Talking to an old friend makes you realize how much your life has changed.
Ms. Hurst, would you be willing to volunteer to do so? :) RT is anyone archiving this hashtag yet?
Tried it 90 minutes ago. Hey, it works!
Empty house?
Great training week.
I can't believe summers over and I start school tomorrow:/
then don't watch fool!!
Uhm.. So... is it to early to start bugging my mom bout #BELIEVEtour tickets? <3 were a month away omg! im dying <3
not sure what happened, trying to find out for you.
Sorry. Didn't mean to insult high schoolers with that last tweet.
I would if I could love!!!
BEND IT OVER
Hey guys i feel so sick *IfIRuleTheWorld*
(; I had ice cream again!! You jealous?
only if Thomas and O'Brien have a duet. "smoke break"
Im One Who Doesnt Like To Share
A good publicist...is familiar with the key media in a client's area of expertise.
I know I'm a failure
Haha Kobe missed a free shot.
Minneapolis-bound with and blasting The Proclaimers!
that nap>>>
Where there is love there is life. Mahatma Gandhi
atleast we're starting strong this game
When the script gets tossed after period 3. Glad we spent half an an hour meeting on this last night...
Compare comment about Ann romney to about Ms. Fluke, then we can talk who is waging a war on women.
What's going on??
we love you so much <3
lol under a rock called Killian with Brandon:P we haven't seen any of you guys in a minute, we need to chill asap!!
Do you see services like Dropbox remaining standalone or becoming part of bundled service packages?
Esty is a good website
your in luck, I have 2 ;)
Getting rid of Favre and then using that draft pick and getting Matthews.. .so masterful!
Seven more to one thousand
We went to GET MOTIVATED Staples Center today.Joe Montana, Lou Holtz,were a couple of the speakers.Bill Cosby was the icing on the cake!
Syracuse is going to win it all
I get deep in that pussy dig her out, surgery
#Dirk does a fade away when he shoots free throws..
I just signed up to the in SF on June 2. You need to do the same. I got your back. This is your motivation!
I could only dream 1 of my kids would run w/ me & stick w/ it. They think I'm just as crazy as my husband thinks I am. Good 4 U
My boyfriend is making turtle sex noises
why make millions when we can make..... thousands? *raises pinky to corner of mouth* muhuhahahaha..... muhuhahahaha!! Muhu..
Another long lonely night
Sometimes I make our painters talk in fake Australian accents.
We told my nephew to be patient with a bully, Karma would bring justice in time. The next day he hit him back: instant karma.
Ikr so pretty after my mom picked me up she was like who was the chic that left right before...then she said she is really pretty
I don't follow her. Just saw an article today and was like .. OK I forgot her for a minute but good for her lol
just found a dead hawk in a zoo exhibit. We're having a lovely time.
Thanks for your reply- yes of course, I went to Tokyo to visit FEG last summer! Do you work with them?
way to go Paul Humbler, check that, Phil Humor, something
MARIACHIS! Anyone up for a gig tonight?
#Caps GMGM confirms for the first time mine and 's report that it was a one year deal for Hunter
Good morning ladies n gentleman!!!!
RT : Sharing research is rarely simple. UCLA's Christine Borgman talks challenges/opptys at next talk on 4/9:...
OK, now somebody tell me something good and fascinating about North Carolina...
Oh, perfect! I'll dm you my email addy.
Mitt Romey will make Bush look like little league. Have n have nots for real.
Must a government of necessity be too strong for the liberties of its people or too weak to maintain its own existence?
Lol it was just fries that I had dropped. Sorry for getting you all excited.
A whole bottle of wine for dinner, that's fine :)
Mac Meezy on MTV
One that I can trust as well.
Thank you! Let us know if we can help you with your accounting and tax questions.
I think a nice lunch and a trip to barnes and noble are in order
you mean the warrior with the midnight face?
Just got home from D.C... Great trip but glad to be back in our bed and see our precious boys!!!!
Jordan Zimmerman is going to have Tommy John Surgery, not good news!!
Tell me about it =\
Big News, NY TIMES bestseller Gayle Forman speaking @ Westside Community Center next Saturday @ 10 am.
www.varsityjackets09.com NO minimums no set up fees on all our cusotm Varsity and letterman jacketrs Call Bob 702 510 9942
#USA women's soccer team 1 win away (fri vs Costa Rica) from #Olympic birth. In Q. tournament they've outscored opponents so far 31-0
all late lol. Just been chilling and you?:)
I just retweeted about the tickets. I'm actually at a conference in Orlando for a few days.
He was such a bad writer, they revoked his poetic license. - Milton Berle
appreciate it
We are pleased and honored to announce that has joined the cast of ! Support
Thanks for the mention! Re: Why Write About Bootstrapping? | Plan on Fire
sounds good!
I think my favorite thing about is the percentage of tweets that can be mistaken for the real thing.
bout to watch my girl dance : )
About to get my boys ready...i hate work...i think im go in late lol
We landed 15 minutes early...only to sit here because they didn't have anyone to drive the jetway to the plane. *headdesk*
Weak immune system! Get better though!
Just an FYI: Clintonville is in Columbus, not that other thing.
Hope you've got bullet-proof actors!
yeah, cheap and unnecessary
Getting over my anger and heading out to !
For the city ..
go to academy idiot. Why are you scared of that place?
Who's dressing as saints fans for Halloween? We are!!
I look forward to racers having OUTDOOR moto contracts only. Ditch the SX circus.
Working on a song about the civil war for school
😞, naw fck that, I'm taking Monday
The 49ers with Tebow reminds me of Steve Young days. WOW! With Harbaugh coaching is very intriguing.
Yay! Congrats on kicking butt!!!
French fries and hamburger heaven!!!
Civic Orchestra of Chicago audition in an hour. Let's do it!!!!
(jen) My six year old LOVES our latest animation project, so at least it passed THAT test.
Apparently #OWS is good for the barricade industry...
Can you imagine the pain & sufferng you mus endure in HELL for gainng at others demise & stepping on people? Fear your lord & make it right
really liked what he had to say. That dirty old hippie!
And just like that Yankees lose. Well i know who i am blaming #Yankees fan,And i think this player need some extra work in the batting cage
►ℱ▒σ▒ℓ▒ℓ▒σ▒ω ✰✰ •••••>So if life has twist were is the straight way to success? Believing in yourself is the way to straight success.
Starting to think Kidd is senile. Did he just punch a camera man trying to side arm an inbounds pass?
Put a grain of boldness into everything you do.-- Baltasar Gracian
what? Was there a Chiefs game today? I thought we had a bye.
I see #sunshine, now that's what I'm talkin about
too bad that's not at all what happened
some rooms are still left on the Lakeshore with ArtWalk discounts too! www.ghartwalk.com
the litter box is now at "toilet level"
Thanks! It's not a bad time for a half, but I'd love to break 2!
I'm addicted to facebook games !!
u should come out to the run in raleigh at groad tomm
“: STAY #Blunted”
Informal training at its BEST! Plateau specialists answered LMS questions at BEER with KSO.
awesome bc its checked out here :) RT : i'll loan it to you - i've got it at home!
The whole team behind our all-girl indie film, , thanks you for advocating for ALL our bodies. We stand with you!
It took Dampier 2 minutes to get off his warmups.
I have so much to be thankful for this Thanksgiving! I am so full of gratitude. My wish for you all is warm hearts and full bellies! ♥
Everyone come see at Swayzes tonight. We can crash some parties after. ;)
In that case, don't forget, Ruth's Chris happy hour is 5-7p daily! Have a great week.
Call for local bands, DJs, & singer-songwriters: Interested in performing this summer at #BkSq? Email us at !
people make fun of me for using a humongo 17" laptop, but they don't understand what it's like!
Fyi, changing username for clarity, to barbarajlittle
OK! Great idea.
I am a hot mess
Outside AT&T Park yesterday, our "zoning minds" in overdrive looking at the transformative power of zoning changes.
everytime I get a text from you I smile :)
I want to celebrate by listening to the Newsies cast album but I'm tired haha
love it!
I'm fresher than a mf
Since racial tension exists at EU (but, we do not have the corner of the market on that), I am trying to develop/choose a platform that...
thanks!! I'm sure it will be great
Up bright and early. Big day today. Time to launch another business. It feels good to offer a quality service and put 3 people
My dad was watching that show and I was like what is going on?
mom on her way
Trying to wrap my head around the huge bug-eye sunglasses trend. They don't really look good on anyone.
Follow #DigSportsDesk for great video, stats, stories and tweets during the NBA Playoffs
i adore Justin and Christian (:
it is the a close thing to having a shared American communal experience. I just don't know what it is teaching us to do.
I started watching the shark tank. I love it.
Best book I read this week: Unfinished Angel by Sharon Creech. Reminds me of The BFG and makes me remember why love her writing.
I posted a few more. All yours. Sal
what video?
follow me i follow back
The Holy Spirit leads, guides and prompts us …but He leaves the choices up to us.
Nice chatting with you too! Love when Michelles can bond over food.
wish we could, already have plans. might be around, not sure yet. Next week maybe?
This spray paint smells funny...no wait...it smells HILARIOUS!! DID GOD GET A WAH-WAH PEDAL OR WHAT?!
I love you guys
It's weird that sticking my finger in my eye is part of my morning routine.
The Farmer's Market in Monument Square is open tomorrow right?
Is there a way to create a segment that only includes pages that were referred from the homepage?
Damn you Daylight Savings Time, I have to be heading to bed now! And I still have so much to do! Ugh. Losing an hour sucks.
where my spaghetti at
Great song, Should have included "pussy" in the lyrics.
I gotta see ya tonight
HEY GIRLIE! HOW IS YOUR PROJECT GOING?
all's good here. just working hard, thank goodness. lets catch up soon.
you should come back to DC
O wow, no sleep.
We're glad you like the tunes!
: It's like they wrote that just for me
thats cool and good. Have to make that money
I'm repair man man man man man man man man
When your prissy side-comments suck, they aren't funny. It just looks like you're actually trying to be rude.
#OurTime RT 15 innings, and 13 straight outs that didn't leave the infield. Inspiring offensive performance late
RT : People connect with people, says - Anyway you can connect human-to-human is good for #video :D
/// Here we go...once again I see Laker fans on this bitch reciting championship history again..
If I had a chance to leave this town and never come back, I wouldn't even have to think twice about it.
I'm glad it never came to violence, though I'd love to see what would do if that were the case.
Happy for the opportunities I have had in the past, and excited for those to come in the future. Here's to continuing to grow and moving on.
": If Twitter were high school, #Aries would be the bullies."
#SAFAFTRA #oneunion yeah-yuh!!! I totally just teared up...getting verklempt...talk amongst ya'selves.
We Rollin Pittsburgh deep
have fun in NYC !! wich i was GOING !!!!
ima message you
nobody likes you
Going to try and make some more toy cars this weekend, buses and something new I just thought up six months ago.
what it is, what it do, whatcha workin wit.
although... I *was* married once, so not sure where that says about me.
“: People spend about two weeks of their lives waiting at traffic lights.”
Taking care of TWO babies.
Not here in Milwaukee Fabulous Friday for Maintenance!
“: Oh you corrected my grammar again. Tell me more about your social life.” I think you would like this one
Aww you want me dead? That means you care I exist (:
Game on!
Felt the baby flopping around in there for the first time Sat. as I was changing my infusion set. So bizarre/rad!
I see you , I don't fuck with hard , all soft lol
Glad you came in to see us! : Loved seeing #Shirley and friends yesterday!
I'm so excited to be joining the MHPN board!
yeah fosho I'm down, you still got my #?
JVG going off.
Discount code for 10% off entry to the Todd Durkin IFC: SFEIFC10 visit www.sandyfeetevents.com
Pamela Saunders "It's been so long since I made love, I can't even remember who gets tied up." ~Joan Rivers (LOL)
nice to see you on Twitter, thanks for following us + for all your support for PHAME!
Yep, tomorrow back to normal life < Isn't Normal too boring? ;-) Keep it simple, but keep it special: keep it yours!
Im Tired As Hell Tho!!
The car
I can't wait for you to perform again in the Bay area!!! I hate I missed you last time.
Pres Zardiari of #Pakistan.. dude lets chill while ur in town I've got a few questions
ah but they aren't. You can get $12 bleacher seats :)
“: are banana clips still in style?” they are in the Midwest.
is it weird that watching people draw feels cathartic?
girl's attackers were so kind to cover up her indecent exposure when they torn open her shirt...how kind. ths literally made me sick
Vision of Love
is scared
that waz not funny
Watching all these shows and I just wish and dream that I could have the chance of being on one of these.
Follow for the latest on youth using tech creatively
kettle bells are always fun.
Watching "Let's Stay Together" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Please, Please, Please follow me and I'll dm you my secret plan to make my bff's dreams come true.
Smells like ancient poop in the restroom. sorry that i even know
“: Penguins cannot walk backwards. They are too top heavy and would just fall down.”
For the next 10 hours swing by Five Star Burgers and get the deal shown here: $5 Margarita Tuesdays!
What u doing for Nye?
it comes on in 2 1/2 hrs but still I wanted to see it now!
Just sending a word of thanks to all my followers. Writing music right now. Holla Back !!!!
ass up nose down, bitch i do it! ;)
As a business man myself, the goal of business is not to hire people: it is to make a profit with the least people.
where are you located
Thanks for the mention!
This is gonna be chipper jones last season....i hate it but it is what it is
FOLLOW ME GUYS!
ah mitch I miss you too can we be close again...?
Awesome weekend of baseball, now 7 more straight days of baseball.
glad to have been there for you! Happy Friday!
It is pouring down. Lord. This is sleeping weather. But I am up. Headed to work.
I can't even change a tire, but today I made two different mechanics "check [their] man cards"...yeah, I know my girl.
don't be.
haha yeah till I drop ! Lmao
I like how koran changed his verse on humor like a nigga not suppose to notice
In enforcement of the ObamaCare mandate penalty, IRS says they will not lien or levy - but they will offset your tax refund to collect
you guys did awesome in Stamford :)<3333
youth day still is, jus depends where ya at
Thinking my daughter gave me her stomach bug. Thanks Jessica......
I maybe too late. But Starbucks, I'm addicted.
Just posted a rough teaser of 3 new songs we've been working on!!! Things are starting to turn around for us, after we get the songs...
Watching on right now. G-O-R-G-E-O-U-S and inspiring.
Going to get my largest Google Adsense check yet mid $X,X
Mike a lot of the "fans" have never been alive when the Yankees sucked. It's all they know win!
Since we are independent agents we have a variety of Insurance Companies to quote insurance for your Auto and Home.
Strauch: "We are here today bc of the choices you made...to drink 3x the legal limit and then take...2 pills of Ambien." Agrees.
Yea had some issues! Workin Now..
With Lexy at my brothers baseball game in Azle! <3 im bored so text me!(:
Holland America Line new low fares for Holiday departures & new low fares for 2012 Alaska cruises round trip Seattle! Call us! 800-803-7245
you are following so many people but not me :(
Welcome new tweeps! Will do more shout-outs later, gotta scoot! More Mahler this weekend! Will tweet from #rehearsal on Friday. :)
#Randomfact my closet NEEDS to be color coordinated
Somebody made my day today by sending a msg on FB saying teaching is one of the most honorable of professions; wasn't an American. :)
tonight, we are young, so let's set the world on fire
Aw man that was cute! All my boys on MTV!! Did you love it?
I dont think anyone understands how badly I want to act; the need I have to become an actress :(
#CorporateGreed: Let me guess, the president is in on this as well?
Have a great evening.
No. Haha. Drake, Jason derulo, ke$ha, rhianna, eminem, Katy Perry. U?
Woke up today in rural #KY and local news station reminded viewers that #OWS has alternate ideas for
RT: ": If your not happy you need to reevaluate your situation ..control your own happiness." true
Windows down, shades on, bumpin The Weeknd.
there are a ton of annoying people here tonight.
Congratulations on the verification!
Never worry about numbers, help one person at a time and start with the person nearest you. Mother Teresa
No way! I would love an all-LA series. I'm just commenting on the beard. :)
I feel like a bad friend to ppl cause I automatically hold everyone at an unfair standard D: I can't even help it...
Jack White?!? That's fucking racist.
Chin up, Kevlar. Your castle awaits!
Anderson comes up big again on a nice shot by Boyle. Boyle has really played well for #NYR in this series so far
You might be the reason I get head aches..
For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others-Nelson Mandela
is this good or bad??
learning 4th grade music in advanced choir smh
hahaha it's not creepy at all! :)
YOU ARE BETTER!! ♥
I hate feeling so disappointed. I can't change what has happened though.
If my liver could talk it would call me a dumbass
Fuck you if you are a slumlord serving eviction because I asserted my rights as a tenant.
packing fucking sucks
Bambi❤ #children.movies(: #old.time.memories!
Super City remains America's largest ashtray. Thanks Will Indy ever be #smokefree?
Watching Survivor: One World with Viggle Wed | 8PM | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
okay my love, I'm looking forward to talk with u again ;) xoxo
we will tell Michael Shannon you said hi
-> : "Biggest mLearning challenge is consolidation. Ppl don't want 2 go multiple places 4 tidbits of knowledge."
I have wondered if abjection IS divine. It certainly has come coupled with #divinity enough.
Bout to watch some basketball
at talking about twitter
my hat goes off to all you veggies and vegans out there <3 I could never give up burgers lol
LOL! My hair is STILL natural. No need to inbox me about a perm I did NOT get.
by the speakers are acting all cra cra!
Started watching #GameofThrones season 1 on demand this past wknd & it's fair to say I'm addicted.
Tomorrow: From 2-3pm, Children's Book Reading. 7-8:30pm The Medium John Rogers will be here.
follow me ;)
Goodnight twitter & sweet dreams.!(:
I know -.- sorry if you opened the link
She just gave me her cookies, so delicious.
Surprise. Gaddafi is just raving mad.
Had a consultation for a downsizing / estate sale. Has the makings of a FAB sale. We'll know the details tomorrow.
Nothing in the fridge? Put a pizza in there! Pizza Shuttle delivers till 4am on Saturdays.
you're quite welcome :)
Sorry Denver seasons over
I find this plan to be perfection.
Just voted for Justin Davis in the Food Network Star Fan Forecast. /the-next-food-network-star-fan-vote/package/index.html- you should too!
Shout out to my new followers! ;)
At Crown & Anchor, arguing whether mean, median or mode is a best average.
it's on my new favorite route home!
And how come they don't announce it when we're three hours late?
Kampman's tough. Good luck! RT : Sociology final tomorrow, lord give me strength!!
My UX team rocked their Q1 update to my boss, CTO Great job demonstrating the value and impact of UX - yay!
If you are looking for a low cost SEO who is always there for you! Call Mark at www.WebPromotion.com at 703-722-6012
My opportunistic tweet of the day RT I love that Beyonce say Drive Safely. Most glamourous traffic announcement
Lotta smells today Chicago.
aw wow…i get the statistics part but the math not so much…im trying 2 go 2 law school not be a math teacher lol
cry about it
Just got rid of two huge garbage bags of clothes and still seems like i have no room. Purge #2 begins
#ShoutOut to people who don't text one word answers, better yet to the people who text back paragraphs :))
who would you like to see
you're not Lying... Whole downtown has their heads down walking around.
i love fugazi.
JUSTIN STAY FOREVER IN BRAZIL.. Yes please do. America has enough pussy's
Tryna finish this econ homework but my pen keeps falling on the ground....
What happen
#occupydc and nurses from Boston marching down K st.
be back on l8tr :)
Still asking myself the same questions. What makes me truly happy? What's the purpose of it all....
Work flow.. feel like shit.. Missin my babe ! Can't wait to go home !
If you truly love Jesus, it's reflected in the way you treat ppl. OK, disagree abt politics, but you'll never draw them to Him when u hate.
What I #respect more than #goals exceeded r #values honored. #character and people matter more than numbers.
My abs are burning ! #BobbyMcAndrews really kicked our asses in #boxing class >_<
oh shit girl. good luck. i went for one years ago and have never been back
cuz im chill like that
Being subtweeted about <<<<
Fruity pebbles is the best cereal by far
Thanks, I needed a laugh.
move to Cali!!!
RT : The golden rule for every business man is this: “Put yourself in your customer’s place. – Orison Swett Marden...
Bynum got mad gray hair. Ain't he like 24?
Hey there, (sumware), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
RT Saw the UC Davis Pepper spray video again this morning. Why is that "Officer" that sprayed those kids not in jail? ../EXACTLY!
Lol thank you! :] and I wont forget
wishing performers a HAPPY NEW YEAR in advance of the madness that will ensue tonight !!
On my way to my sister's dance recital! Go Tinsley!!
Whoa! Score!! RT : Just found The Poetical Works of John Pomfret, published in 1797 in the donations bin. Crazy!
Having gotten Yes & No on A mailers; thought the "No" was a lot stronger, but not this strong.
lol… Barkley. "Who the hell would name their kid Kawhi anyway?" Hey Chuck, 'Kawhi' is about to have more championship rings than you do! :)
Just met Dominic Monaghan (Charlie from LOST) at the SSF with It was awesome
Some people are you celebrities on Twitter! Then in person, well even my grandma is cooler.
Boxing was not something I truly enjoyed. .. Sugar Ray Leonard
#Vegas was so crazy! Best time ever with !! now for halloweener!
thanks for CodeDay invite, but I'm checking out a bit right now
ill be the judge of the hotties!
Bo senses Mr. Bennett and UVA is close to tapping the Pipeline
Had the last of the homemade strawberry wine last night...
ill upload more right now
don't worry I defended u the same.
Alright Roger Goodell you better get your mani, pedi and hair permed before announcing the Cincinnati Bengals you fairy!
Did you know that I also perform surgeries in Beverly Hills, CA? Located at 9735 Wilshire Blvd. Call for an appt today: 888-Lex-Docs
I thought I heard singing from the lair : )
even if it's REALLY shitty improv? Like in a middle school cafe shitty?
Long hair. >> short hair.
RT: Cant. Stop. Reading. Hunger. Games.
Kentucky Yale beer <3
Ah no, did I just become a character on #Portlandia for wanting to go to OCAC?
whiskeytown - sit and listen to the rain
will u marry me?
. Thanks for the #ff love!
I never meant to be gone so long
If anything this kills UW recruiting in the future, so either way Bo gets what's coming. NCAA still holding athletes hostage.
"open a night club called eclipse, it's open twice a year, cover charge five thousand dollars."
ninos :) we never online at the same time
and in the process, making a corporation filthy rich, well, it should give you pause.
that crazy guy...say hi to him from me!!
the opening line says "PepsiCo Inc. desperately needs some razzle dazzle to boost its brand." Michael creates that?
our Q's in '08 and '10 weren't identical, but political soc. networking users went roughly 2/1 for Obama in 2008
ppl that dont get ur humor thought u dissed the Princess <3 I love you
Quote of the day: A learned blockhead is a greater blockhead than an ignorant one
it's great to connect! hope you will check us out 2nd weekend in november. we throw an awesome dance festival that showcases
It's all about da West biiittccchh!
It's raining... Yay.
All night printing session in full affect!! Stripping away the dead fat of my portfolio. Feels good to lose the weight. My gut is next!
Last time there was a rape like this in Denver Kobe was on the other side of it.
Y is it that therez gotta b someone missing when u have a packed house...
no we weren't shutup brooklynn your giving everything away(:
I bet is probably thinking, 'i love when my wife shouts motivational phrases her old softball coach used to say.'
Can not wait for Christmas time!  #family #friends #food FAVORITE time of the year 
Um. For real? That is like asking someone to perform surgery without training. Ok, not as extreme but you get what I'm saying.
Im in my bedroom with the door closed. I just heard my roommate in the kitchen down the hall hock a loogie. So this is what love feels like.
**You and Me By: Lifehouse:)** <33
Im so addicted 2cream blush!Use a powder brush to apply to the apples of ur cheeks,set with a light powder if you need xtra wearing time!
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow idont care what they think
The crowd erupts in a chant of "thank you" as future state senator Lori Compas is on stage.
where u at maam
Amare will shatter his other hand now.
I moved to the left side of the couch tonight. Gotta switch it up, ya know?
Wow that was a shit night of sleep!
We'll send him supportive Three Squares Greeting cards.
As if Pinterest wasn't interfering with my work ethic enough, I'm now obsessed with Polyvore.
Tell me about it! Lol I'll be in NYC for a bit mama but when I get back #itson let's do the Runyon this week!
Yes! We are the SUPER and we adVISE you to back da hell up out my face!
RT : I wonder what Kanye put in Kim's keister basket last night a fat hog u dumb jock fuckhead
RT : For Charlie Sheen, his apocalypse is now.
Honestly, you don't have to wait to be a megamillions winner to quit that research department! ;))
Police chatter of evacuations.
Looking for a small crew of people to come hear me teach/preach on worship and the temple at Union next Wed at 9am...can anyone come?
Thanks Jaclyn, you too!!
thank you so much for the wonderful event - I am truly honored to be a part of it.
"Waiting for a user to say: "Is this working? It seems to be down." should be regarded as a monumental failure in monitoring""
#ItsCuteWhen my boyfriend kisses me and doesn't want to stop!
is an inspiration to all us Beliebers, he taught us to follow our dreams, have confidence and BELIEVE in ourselves! :)
#NowFollowing another #Dope photographer
I need more followers...
ALERT: #TEDxUSC today. Afterward they'll retreat into a cloud of smoke & congratulate eachother on being masters of the universe.
how about all of the above RT: The #1 distraction in the bedroom?...TV (other offenders include pets and cell phones).
i saw you climbing out a window in ford heights
One thing that sucks is when you try your best on something for someone...and they seem not to care.
@ her lmao. I feel you. Miss it 2 RT : &amp; the love died. i miss our pointless convos about ..... yeah that person
Sometimes I use Twitter.
I couldn't agree more... I'm counting down the months till next season!
Well Ale House beer is hardly commercial, what did you have, I have heard good things about the Polish Moon(milk stout)?
Mattel Reiterated at Neutral
you have amazing graffiti
Spartans win big yen title go Sparta!!
Note: If you ask for / buy the leanest beef filet at a store, you WILL end up with a flavorless hunk of meat. Fat = flavor.
#10favouritebands cheetah girls
Thanks for the follow ! One of my absolute FAVES!
Possibly cousins...
Condolences to the Chin family. RIP Joel Chin.
Any sign of duels and / or army / large-scale battles? Maybe you are not far enough into it yet..
Thanks for Your obvious High Mental Energy; I listened to the music, that genre is WELL represented in my collection of sounds
The bus driver and I just made a wordless agreement. He opened the door at a stoplight, so I won't mention who blew through my stop.
If u still in SA u gotta try Mi Tierra RT : Starving for some Mexican food.
We would like sardines for christmas. That is all
Sorry to see your series end. As a Govt pro, I loved the campy portrayal of the Intel Community. Great five years. :-)
That's great! We're happy to hear the books have a good home.
#WeirdFactAboutMe Everytime I Look In The Mirror I HAVE To Make A Silly Face c:
hahaha I love you!
13. #Dodgers 4 #Brewers 3 | Afternoon affair / Matt Kemp asserts his power / we'll take two of three.
Do you need more followers, likes, etc? try the site on my profile. It's free promotion . Hey lets follow 4 follow
cuz im the foolish one that u anointed with ur heart
#PGA on Wisconsin!!!! Go Stricker and Kelly!!!
Well, you have perfectly described you and your friends pet names for each other. Very enlightening.
This made me lol. We'll see how all that hopey changey stuff works out for ya.
#AnIdiotAbroad Poor Karl...
heh, been too long, might have to. next batch.
When people mouth back to teachers. .
yes and then alive is in stephanson so i will get to see what its like !
People are becoming obsolete, thanks Apple.
we specialize in distracting you with great historic Philly photos!
Please take time out today to remember the thousands of people who lost their lives as a result of the September 11, 2001 attacks.
We don't have one where I am but I stock up whenever I find a TJ. They have some tasty food!
Happy 30th to me! If the 30's are anything like my 20's, then this next decade has some more #awesomeness coming its way!
I work out so I can feel strong and healthy, & so I don't feel guilty spending hours lounging on the couch with my nose in a book 😊
haha! for being an awesome McCurdian! :) and you're welcome!
I was supposed to tweet this yesterday but, Summer vacation has officially started
Any analysis on how the 2010 Census/redistricting will go down in light of Tuesday's results?
there's no cure. The key is to get your brain into stage 3/4 sleep @ night 2 lessen EDS. Are you being treated?
“: lol that's a luxury assumption you should cherish it lol” I dont want to be African lmao
Damn it's cold. What happened to that early summer we had in March?
Going to see #thelionking tonight. I was in 6th grade the last time I saw it on the big screen. Wow.
LOOK OUT #SanAntonio.. Here come the #CLIPPERS!! RT : Clippers up 80-71 w/ 28 seconds remaining in 4Q
You see, I'm not really all that complaining. I think my crew is WAY better at
Build resilience. Diversity in geography, scale, production, backgrounds. Balance local w/ (inter)national. Great talk by Dr. Hamm
I'm experiencing my first ever gaming hangover.
I'm excited c:
Whats up Brewer nation! we are here finally after a long winter wait. it's here. this is my first opening day. how are ya!
being against medical cannabis is outdated, 13yrs ago done, why holding your prejudice? The rest o state moving on.
didn't think so! thanks for your response!
Give thanks for what you are now, and keep fighting for what you want to be tomorrow. ~Fernanda Miramontes
OMG THEY GOT NEEDLES AND SHIT . HELL NAWH , THEY GONE STICK THAT IN MY MOUTH TO NUMM THE PAIN
Please, please, please watch Jon Stewart's extended online interview with Jim Demint. So good.
A Singer/Artist has the courage to expose himself on stage,not to give in despite the criticism and to take action against all odds.
I had a tennis lesson, ran 4 miles + lifted weights for an hour. I'm EXHAUSTED!
: I completely agree!!! Find a beautiful way the bless someone's day!
We'll have to have a action extravaganza when I'm not sick
Don't you mean one of the 5th or 6th rated QBs and WRs? Both were projected 2nd rounders. They're not steals, they're reaches
Yes and, we should hand write a letter and mail it to your congressman to pass the jobs act! This way we help the postal service too!
how was your pizza last night 
Former Cat. Current Cat. #BBN RT : Rondo's the best overall PG in the league
George Zimmerman is being charged with 2nd degree murder. And he is current in custody. - WSB TV
The only good thing is that it's ruined me for any other kind of cupcake.
You always say ' The right guy will come' well . . . #WhyCouldntThatBeYou ?
He's trying to make a case that the vote/plan is because of NCLB only.
So happy 2 c my pharmacy patients today. New state managed care Rx program causing much confusion. #txlege decisions effect many negatively.
Wow didnt see that coming
#keepin it clean like a washin machine :) hahahahaha just seen a shirt with that on it !
Congrats to for being named C-USA Player of the Week! #StayHumble&Hungry
oh you know! Thanks you actually got a twitter?
thank YOU for being bored one day and making a music video!!:) <3 without you, there would never be Angels <3
Thanks for the follow! Great coverage. Look forward to checking out your Facebook page.
The IN State Fairgrounds is on the IMM course. They experienced a tragic accident. Please keep those involved in your thoughts & prayers.
I'm the new cancer, never looked better and you can't stand it~ #flashbackfriday. Reminds me of in the jeep.
keep them crazy dunks coming, forget them Fakers!!
#mycrazyobsession hair, hair, long beautiful hair...
Gotta say I am loving the backlash at #applebees and #ihop for switching to #pepsi. People LOVE their
What's happening? THE WANTED EMCEES newest single "Wanted the Illist" is what's happening. Download on iTunes or Amazon TODAY! Peace n <3 Yo
hello ex girlfriend, happy new year as well! I hope this year brings us happiness!!!
The 16 players still on this roster from the 2007 NFC Champion Game are looking for revenge, I hope they deliver it too.
I will be there, too! Fun fun!
since its raining I am not responsible for how ugly I look today
congrats mots! so proud of you!
RIP Junior Seau
Really cool! So you basically take old unwanted books then hollow them out for special orders and such?
Laertius Diogenes~ Chilo advised not to speak evil of the dead.
And this time I won't forget!
I love you too!
Thanks so much for listening!!! Help us spread the word :)
I do
"Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out." - James. B. Conant
Randy's during anatomy? Check.
Facebook is getting on my nerves, Twitter is my new love
Eatin cheddar biscuits at red lobster nigguh!!
Why are all of the police stations always downtown?
": wow you got in before " She is probably still puking
when is your last final?
Tallest man in US travels from Mpls. to Mass. for custom shoes
Laying on the floor cause im too lazy to get up and it's comfortable lmao xD
Horrible sound tonight at the Rock Hall event and embarrassingly rotten $8.00 Coors Lites. I'm a fan, but just FYI.
we need to collaborate & listen lol
It rips at my soul that I've already spent a week failing to get some (any) Linux variant to do what OSX could do after minutes.
More web updates today, both Records & Archives. I've already crashed DreamWeaver 3 times in a row, so I suppose that says something.
I'm lame and boring hi.
My good friend is a grand maestro. and one of his pop songs was just on TV.
Preparing for the Petroleum Show in Madison WI. Hope to see some of you there.
Wow! Well said! RT : Sow a field of courteousy: Reap a harvest of advocacy.
Excited to see everyone at Essentials 201 tonight!
Yo!!! "I Am The South" is my shit!!! Bullseye on that joint Fam!!!
Smart man + smart woman = romance. Smart man + dumb woman = affair. Dumb man + smart woman = marriage. Dumb man + dumb woman = pregnancy
you're one of the best human specimen on this earth. Im afraid ill have to abduct u. We're lacking perfection on mars.
How many folks do you know who work for Amazon S3? :P
Listening to one direction and playing frisbee on wii!
Possibly, but that is probably because it is such a fantastic episode!
being inspired by Palin is like being educated by Billy Madison.
I'm quitting. I can't take it there. Matt told me to take some time off if I'm unhappy
Can you believe I left my prepared statement on my desk. I had to wing it at this council meeting on Human Svs.
GHOST: The Musical? It's official, Broadway is out of ideas.
and ready to mingle? ;)
I thought you were saying my name, but you were saying the word 'Tell'
So true Jenn- hope you have a great weekend too.
Everywhere you look is a blessing :)
I'm trying to make Skype work but the Internet hates me! D: WHY
you guys always make us proud <333
I'll likely get a little time in tomorrow but not much haha
aww, shot. well that just made my night. ;) hahahah.
its Weds and if you wanna stand outside Tiff's its all yours!
Just got home, I swear my bed has never felt so comfortable!
Thanks following & I'm NF back & will be adding u to Instagram :)
“ Girlfriend = FaSho pussy.. Ho = Some mo pussy.. Don't lose your FaSho pussy, tryna get Some mo pussy, & end up with NO PUSSY..”
We love you back! :)
When I suductivly lick a spoon, it turns my best friend on;)
How does a team select a QB that's only played for a year and a half??? Sorry Dolphin fan's but that's horrible
13.5 hours until I leave for my surprise!!!
oh! :( you almost gave me hope! lol
I miss Kennedy.
Very excited to speak to the preemie mamas at today's Lunch and Learn! We feel honored to be included in the panel.
if they do I'm about 50 bucks poorer.
He said it! "The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul." - Bach
I wanna cuddle
shoot us an email to and we'll make sure you're taken care of!
Bottom of the 5th #Dodgers on top 1-0 over the
I seen Daisy from rock of love!!! Just sayin:)
They're forever coming home in my coat pockets from random launch events, etc.
okae i hope she's very healthy
why won't my hair cooperate?
Oh! YES, girl! Me, too! Love me some decor when it's swanky cush! You fidna add hotel roundups to the blog, lol?!
Facebook "Like" is done. Please let me know what you think about the DM I sent to you. :)
swapping out short term wins for longer term investment to bolster change?
Bout to play some baseball later
it's true. 18 hours removed and the loss certainly still stings.
PR is pleased to announce we're beginning to roll out our new web-site. THANK YOU for your patience as we grow
I can't stop laughing, I am stealing this picture...thanks!
Many Men , 50 Cent
The cherry blossoms are at peak & as gorgeous as everyone says. Also barely overlapping w/festival due to summer weather!
Excellent. Looking forward to it.
True slug love: he programmed reminders for all my fave TV shows inc the ones I watch during commercials b4 leaving 4 work. Heart!
BREAKING: police say driver tried to run over security guard at Riverside Hospital...guard opens fire...more to come
Schedule next semester is so chill
RT Angels gave Pujols day off yesterday, as he didn't seem rested from the other 27 days he had given himself off.
My grandmother just came threw her surgery fine. Praise God
Great magazine!!! Congrats and great job!!!
of course smh
that was awesome. Go Spurs Go!!
I'm back in 10 minutes :)
Plan for prosperity!!!
I want a social media-engaged council, but not in the middle of public meetings with unequal access.
Somehow the EU Golden Rule, born out of German frustration with costs of bailing out Southern states, is about European Solidarity.
Flowers and French farmers on bikes? Cute overload.
um... its freezing!!!
The first bout goes to Travis Thaxton, who defeated Kyle Johnson 2:58 Round One from TKO Strikes
WHATS YOUR RECORDING METHOD?
Has your leg fallen off from taking Xphinopihiariza? If so, call 828-3652. You may be entitled to financial compensation.
shut up, why are you telling everybody??? It's a secret :(
The premise is super-simple: Stop sabotage. Face fears. Take Action! - Fran Briggs
Minnesota Transportation Commissioner Tom Sorel says good transportation systems are essential to economic competitiveness
- Such a beautiful instrument or should I say instruments - both your harp and your voice. Thanks so much for the follow!
Thanks, Leigh Ann!
DOT DOT DOT is back bar tonight & tomorrow night, they never seem to disappoint us!
Journal Three due today! Then enjoy your weekend.
I did...it's a great hotel and great location.
Life is short. Enjoy today. Find the balance between working towards a future goal, but enjoying where you are right now.
Chocolate and candy cane confetti. We will put it on your waffle. For serious. For realzies. No joke.
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 19
Watching #topgear and eating tomato soup.. #lækkert!
Happy Halloween everyone! What are you dressing up as?
Watching nsn(: all u recycled beliebers: go watch it again. Ull feel guilty cuz u left. WELL U SHOULD. Seriously go watch it tho.
Photos today were a success!
Would like to introduce you to flook
Not that my opinion matters much, but holy smokes, how great is Reading Machines? I couldn't put it down.
I'm not a fan of Andalous. My driver actually said that the owner uses poor quality ingredients. Did not approve.
I can put it in a simple term: I'll do anything to prevent GOP from winning.
Rabbit, rabbit.
project announcement in 2 days!!!!!!
Did you notice no news is good news?
108th street seasonal war of the smells is back: tonight pot is winning, but hot garbage isn't giving up without a fight
I'm sick can u tweet me or have , , tweet me love u all
Gordie Vye whose 11th grade reading list still inspires me
thank you!!!
I was always told that people do stuff just so you can react do if you respond you didn't win........ it's true in most situations
Would you sign a picture if I mailed it to you?
Somehow I was already following you! Ha, I blame/thank and/or Thanks for having us over today!
Saw Wenders' #Pina last night. I think my boyfriend might secretly wish he was a performance dancer.
": I just wanna see a Titty during Half-Time and I'm good!" U a damn fool for that lmao
isn't letting me request invite via twitter button. Keeps crashing out of APP.
Home from gym now time to make dinner. Grilled Chicken Breast over romaine w/feta, tomato, red onion & Greek Vinaigrette & smoothie.
Ball signed to Ted Williams from Babe Ruth, "To My Pal" has sold for $195,500. Fenway Par first pitch ball from 1912: $172,500.
Robert Parker for co-rec IM soccer MVP
Strategizing tonight with creative volunteers for Young Professionals Network.
Men do not fail; they give up trying. ~ Elihu Root
I like the #sock & #shoe combo
banquet in Philly was sick! Big ups to Bill Gibson, my Night Owls, and all Kronum players and supporters.
“: check us out OFFICIAL home of <<< we also got all types of ILL shit !!!”
The gasp in the room when she said "oh, there are no multiple choice questions, just short answer" was pretty epic.
He JUSTIFIED ME!! Paid ALL of my random!! I don't owe the Devil a DARN thing and he BETTER remember that!!
Already off to a great start - some big things coming down the pike! goal setting and accountability are part of the formula my friends~!
it's hard to believe that i'm gonna be a junior next year....where has the time gone honestly
Going offline for a while.
We made it to TWU I am so happy to be here but mama is taking pics lik crazy lollx oh dang we forgot the 3box of tissuses for her lollx
Still laughing
Tonight- Authority Zero w/ True Liberty, Under The Bridge, Idleminds and What Price Victory- Doors At 7pm- Canal Club
Fresh breathe of air walking to work in the sunlight!!!
Mattsss here to
Goodbye résumé, hello social networking.
Self-respect is the cornerstone of all virtue. - John Herschel
What can you do? :)
": yes. i mean im married to zac efron but i've never heard of zack efron"Oh I get what you mean
Over dramatic gay guys no need to try hard its annoyin
Well it's 4am it's official time for me to go to sleep so goodnight (or good morning, you can choose)
Training in progress . looking very professorial!
#Gyro has been keeping us busy! Sorry haven't tweeted in a while!
Eating at the cheapest and sketchiest taco stand with while wearing a full suit
When I'm nervous I just talk
You got them? How's that working out for ya?
Thanks Michelle! We're crazy flattered! Glad you stuck around
as long as she still looks amazing it's cool. She loses her objectivity and I'm gone
Good luck #RedSox from your Official Hotel Partner. KNOCK THEIR SOX OFF AT #FENWAY100 GAME
Already over the #PaulaDeen diabetes news. Now lay off the poor woman please! She's not force feeding butter to anyone.
Some great tips from a casting director workshop tonight! Thanks Danielle Eskinazi!!
"analogous" is a funny word.
You underestimated my game and doubted my skills
I know.
true, but believe! Lol
we were vary happy to have you in. I hope to see you back soon
"I will coach as many minutes as Skip Bayless played basketball as a senior"
not yet! how about you
Shorter Joe Ricketts: "I have people whose job it is to make me look less stupid than I am...they have a really tough job."
what is NHS?
THIS WEEKEND ONLY: Large 2 topping pizza or a specialty pizza, with an order of wings, just $15! Carryout/delivery, just mention this ad!
Ban tailgating bc of 49er/raider fan brawl? Vegas weighs in at 10.
marc was hardly paying attention but but was asked -- will your partner be on it too?
NEW IDEA! Teacher merit pay based on the number of bubbles kids fill in!
Dancers work harder than you think. We get yelled at, we get injured, and we suffer and you think it&#39;s all fun and games. NO.
exactly background is usually 8/hr or minimum and you learn! :-) !
Just a few hours ago, I was thinking "Dang my car is dirty. I hope it rains soon so I can get a free carwash." And now its raining. Psychic?
August 2nd...HOLD ON TIL THE NIGHT....!!!
lol ain't that the truth...I think they are scary looking !!!
RT You know your poop was good if a few minutes after you flush, your toilet burps.
It been a rough patch this past week,but at least we put the plays our for all to see and document themselves. This way,You Decide on plays.
PRO TIP: if you are going to write a blog piece linking to another blog for support, make sure that blog actually says what you say it does.
i'm cumming mama
: "Do lecture halls belong in universities?" Education model is outdated.
5 people thought I was a senior! Lol that makes me feel old!
Haha good one:) but She is pretty I just think.. Idrk, I didn't think I had a chance w/ him anyway soo why hate haha:)
"The ring looked even better in person, it is totally polished silver, shines alot."
The movie was pretty amazing...Followed the book pretty well
Congrats to first win of the season
Whoopee! Glad you'll be chiming in!
Lost in Frederick, but it's such an adorable town I don't even mind.
Garnnet put his nuts on his face lol!!!!!!
I got a haircut...I look like a pure badass..not..
Makes sense when you see it on Facebook ;)
You might be a redneck if you pick your kid up at the bus stop with the lawn mower.
whyy u no follow me sweetheart?! ♥
you should follow me because like, YOLO.
Are there any sites (other than the WWC) that help non-pyschometricians make sense of education research and evaluation?
Don't get mad because your favorite player can't hang with Lebron
Damn, it's crazy seeing how today is prom for Hami, knowing that last year we were in that exact same position
Im praying for you and your family God bless you!
felt the same way returning to Chicago. Never been so happy for a gray, drizzly day.
the last time?? yeah i think soo
- We understand and appreciate! :) Thanks for your ongoing support!
The fact that my cousin still makes fun of me for hitting a parked car<<
In LAX hunting for Mexican food.
Seems like its always someone everyday with something negative
wow, well, as much as I dont want the Durant/Oden comparisons--I'm glad OKC swept Dallas
Ohh, but you missed so much at Coachella. It was phenomenal, 3 days of heat were well worth 3 days of magical music madness
actually we stopped you guys in the street because your hair was so awesome, and then we went and saw your show.
Dodgers sale? Might not have been a presser that night.
Looking forward to playing drums for with the Gretsch Guitar Ensemble at Elmhurst College tomorrow!
#kids Baseball Clinic - North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Mon, May 14 7:00p: Instructors-Head Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
I'm ready to go back to the 80s with John Hughes.
Boylston station is closed until further notice... Just another day with the MBTA.
Everything comes in time. Don't get frustrated and quit. Quitters don't win anything. Nothing comes easy, just keep going.
Uncomfortable amount of men in shorts suits here getting on my flight. Is Al Qaeda terrorizing fashion?
We marched streets in 60s when it was not chic at all. Maybe there are lessons to be learned, you say you want a revolution
Couldn't hurt to try!
This times 8372662782762 RT : Too much NFL on my timeline. Go away. You're in hibernation.
#TRUTH! re: The bad Phillies fans are just insecure. They rely on their team being good in order to feel superior to others.
Meow I hate sleeping alone who wants to cuddle 👼
I would feel better if Charles Barkley picked us. lol
Are you following ? #ff Best gelato in #Seattle! Maria and Skyler, thanks for the benissimo behind-the-scenes tour!
Needs a bit of tinkering/editing, but jaredwhitlock.com is a go. The Interwebz will never be the same.
I did now!
You gave the good fight on last night's #MTVTheChallenge. Hope to see you at one of the next ones!
Pre-diet weight 255lbs.....6 wks out to drop 30lbs......I luv cutting....true fitness ppl only smile at hurtles...all weight ain't gud
I need to check on my cousin but that car!. Gr. Pincho puto. Ha i'm sounding more like my cousin.
lucky I had to stay in cuz it was to cold and my aunt said that there were 4 kidnappings @ our area
We can't wait 2 see u this fall! Check us out on fb until then! RT : Can't wait to attend some events here in...
RT“: Matt & Alex went to #Bucks game w/friends. They still have some friends left despite me being a major ass."
thx chick! We have to get sushi before you move!
Congrats to Arthur Bernardi being named HBU athlete of the week. Great to have him with us this year after 2 years at New Mexico JC.
#I got cast for the new #Saigon's music video. Saigon's a rapper produced by Jz. it's gonna be fun!
JT vs. Andy Lee in 2012 - make it happen Lou!
I have to dance in front of the whole school.
RT : #umediacenter Films from the Vaults today OUGL. No popcorn but lots Eastman Ektachrome film. Sesshu Toyo currently scrolling.
I'm still waiting for a signed book of The Best Of Me.. Do I need to be patient? I won it!
RT : Six hours ago, there were 4,728 perfect brackets on #TournamentChallenge. Now? Zip. Zero. Nada. NONE.
Get your east coast prep on: come down to waterfront to check out the crew races going on right now
Holy shit that was funny. Made by night
NBC accidentally DOCTORS a Debbie Wasserman Schultz tape, unwittingly causing her sound SANE.
My mom and her friend are singing to party rock anthem and tryinf to shuffle. They asked me to teach them...
I'd be happy with that, too. So why am I so worried the Commish will say "And the Browns trade..." at
Love that my kindergarten students thought that "Press Here" was really a magical book!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend.
EPK's are accepted over regular press kits ?
goal for tomorrow morning: wake up at 6am and go jogging, HAHAHAAAA
how much is an Iphone in your country? Sorry for asking.
Simple dinner: pierogies (frozen) and salad greens dressed with EVOO, balsamic, salt, & pepper.
Luckily for this girl, she found the one guy at the party who has a knitting fetish.
- Welcome Lisa! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
I wish he was still pitching. He was good back in the day.
Central Park
I just accidentally touched my eyeball, but generally speaking I'm pretty excited about starting a new month today. June creeps me out.
This court is ugly, and so is Anthony Davis's unibrow.
At walmart with my older cousin Marc! Lol he's so FUNNY!
when u ready to
I didn't know you had a sister named Zoey lol bahaha
FUCK TWITTER IM ON INSTAGRAM WIT IT
laundry detergent on bed sheets???
mitt romney felt NO responsibility for Bain destroying lives of workers so would NOT feel responsibility toward voters either! He's GREEDY!!
It's 5 o'clock somewhere
Wouldn't use anything else!
Even the bitch is alive they say it's okay.
add me on fb Justice Mele
Not only Jeb Bush, but was a FL state legislator who voted for Stand Your Ground law. His hands are bloody too.
Ohh Noo Lol One Time Channel Flip Thingy , Of Course Not I
is weighing the pros and cons of a calling service. More money a month (a definite) vs. more work (a mere possibility).
Yep getting closer!! Keep it up!!
Umm.... It... Was..... FREAKIN AMAZING!!! Ah I was hyperventilating, it was so GOD!!!! #ProudMahomie!!
What a GREAT party. Can't wait to be back again on the 1st!!! <~Quack!
nice man! Thanks for the shoutouts. I see you making moves brother, stay on it!
I'm filling my boards now! Follow me!
watchin the lion king!
I weighed in and lost 1.7 lbs.
#IfYoureBlackYouKnow When Your Mother Says, "Don't Ask For Nothing When We Get In This Store", She Means It!! lol
