Somehow I picked a few more followers after the #Grammys tweets last night. Hope I don't lose them tonight.
I beat the pussy up up up up up up up up
GOT IT!!
AHSKJfsdkjlfndskjdvkmls MY SISTER GRADUATES SOON !!!!!!! YAYY! CONGRATZ! I LOVE YOU. :))
justins new video, is like sexy
Really enjoyed my first event this evening. So much enthusiasm and energy in the room! Can't believe the crowd: 750+!
Bounce wit it, drop wit it, lean wit it, rock wit it! Aye aye aye aye aye aye aye!!!!!
I was looking for that list of episodes! Thank you!
I kinda had been always been doin my thing
Pin wheel of death
junk. Get a galaxy nexus
I did an open mic at Helium a while back. Working on getting' up there again soon!
#PrettyBoyGangstaMental like Malcom before the X
Dang it, just lost ten dollars. :/
I put it on my calendar for Sat of Memorial Day wknd. Right?
Give Bubba the jacket for that shot alone. Doesn't get any better.
it's actually tomorrow :)👍✌❤
Rainy days always make me hungry for barley soup. And by barley soup I mean a glass of whiskey.
McDonalds then bball training at collegiate
yeah :p I'd choose CDMA number soon if I'm at there again
'How the Universe Works' on Netflix streaming is really really great.
Ooh, just went there for the first time on Thursday. Was served by a former WSUMer & food was delicious. Delightful all around!
So cute!!!
I'm like extremely hungry
shalom to u friend
so tell me , how basis giving birth lol
IDK WHAT TO DO MORE I BEEN TRYING #3YEARS 4 U 2 NOTICE ME/FOLLOW ME!!!! :( #BELIEVE <33
I hate my job -__-
Are you a PDX Leverage fan?
Nothing like being 3 flights up a metal staircase when you only get in 1 Mississippi before the lightening strikes.
New Rule: Statements made by Republicans on Fox News only should be immediately discounted.
he's being a stubborn old man lately, but our love for him is unconditional.
Lol ya, I couldn't word it exactly how I wanted, but I don't believe everything I hear and haven't known any1 w mercury poisoning
NO!!!!! I WAS SO CLOSE! WOW THAT WAS SO CRAZY. CONGRATS
This wind is annoying as fuckk -_-
Glad you liked it too!
I love your Cs as well.
Taking the OGT'S all this week. Wish me luck!
has perfectly applied my makeup
Don't play a girl whose been played before, she'll play the game better...
hey I was just helping u out :)
Hiding from the wind this Saturday afternoon with the latest Mental Floss. And gearing up the balls to attempt a run.
Funny how the dogs want to be with mommy at bedtime, but when daddy decides to have a late night snack he has 2 new best friends!
Scheduling more and more shoots for April. Luv it!!
#California #Connecticut & #Delaware have actually reduced the transparency of their #ChildAbuse and neglect laws since 2008.
Our pleasure, we're happy to keep promoting Eco efforts.
I have a bone to pick with you, Jimmy. Your Nick Burns computer repair guy skit on SNL has forever ruined my Google rankings.
oh you know him. Slave master. hahaha
Thank you, dear.
Triple shot small soy cap please. Why not. It's raining outside. Rain makes this new hunter sleepy.
Double checking flight information (my Charlotte airport connecting flight to DFW originates in Boston). Free_AVL_airport_wireless++
No, I'll give a cookie.
Absolutely loving tonight's episode of Glee!!
if you're going to lead, your radar has to be huge
Can you tell me more about #codeyear meetups? We've got three people in Pittsburgh and want to know what goes on!
<<<<<getting paid!
Congrats! I bet you feel great :)
Some of the drivel on a recent Github thread saddens me. So much "me too" and noise from people who appear to think they are contributing.
Women the gift and the curse. Adam & Eve
nice. see bon iver downtown last week?
It will be a transition but they are all really happy for me. I will be in Harrisonburg, VA Sunday night if you are near!
it's alright it's just a cold thing. Still sucks but it's not horrible. How's vacation?
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose. Cowper, William
wish I was home!
Sorry to hear it's miserable for you. Seems like all relationships that fail, fail in similar fashion.
Enjoying an amazing dinner at Docs on the water.
First 10 people to tweet out "I want to try the new #LichiChews " today will win a complimentary box of our yummy Chews!!
lol my dad put his glasses on the roof of his car and then drove away and when he realized he called me and told me to look for em
No rational argument will have a rational effect on a man who does not want to adopt a rational attitude. Karl Popper
I've never had a crush this big in my life,you have my stomach in a whirl,&my heart n a knot.its not fun anymore,it hurts.
what time r u coming back over?
You should write about what you know but most of what I know, I've forgotten. It's hard to write about what you've forgotten
be there in 11 hours!
#fridayreads Finished Buried Secrets by Finder & Quality of Mercy by Kellerman. Started Red Wolf by Marklund.
Re-read "Mostly Harmless"... observed a message of humility in it I missed when I first read it. Or is it just deeply cynical irony?
treal deal boo
U BEEN TO THE ONE ON THE SOUTHSIDE BY THE AIRPORT I KNOW THAT FOR DA GROWN&SEXY
Damn Birds Woke Me Up At 6 This Morning! Chirping And Shit !
The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naïve forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget. - Thomas Szasz
Boston is cold and looks kinda of shady
ohh yeah him, me, and squidy are going
RT Denise claims she never made money off Hon litigation? What about airport vendor? Nonprofit that had hon event?
have to move to blue ash
Agree. So let's do it. Sign Cole. Stay away from knives!
met Alicia Keys when I worked at MTV Listened to her practice & preforme for TRL she was more than amazing. The best to sing today for Whit
Wish I wad back in Panama today
A cup = Almost boobs B cup = beautifully cupped C cup = Cup full D cup = Dahm E cup = Enormous F cup = FUCK!
I fucking HATE freshmen.
can I have 1 peanut butter egg, 2 root beer candies, 2 little mint round things and like 4 mini snicker/twix fun size chocolates
New rule. If you weigh 300+ pounds, you're not allowed to call my dog "hefty." Besides, she's not fat, she's big boned.
I missed you in Pdx. I was on time with pencils. Wrong day. That's the problem with people like me (friends of cartoonists).
fuck off helen.
Happy New Year!
cheers then!
Thanking god I didn't have to reduce myself to a petty weed hustler to survive
The full album is on Spotify...and I believe it is out...if im not mistaken, it was on the top album list on itunes
Ad hominem arguments ... the staple of the inconsequential mind ... ( but I'll play too) BTW, dick breath, you followed me..
Gotta watch out for those crazy squirrels! haha (*L*)
Getting the next tattoo in my sleeve tonight
Survived presenting at a townhall. Time to celebrate. :)
HA! Good one ;) I may try and go for a run or I may just get an extra hour of sleep
It Would Be The Greatest Day Of My Life If You Guys Followed Me, Please?(: <3
im thinking of trying out for the dance team this year
Question of the day: What is the value of being on the first page of Google for your business?
I don't know how someone could follow 100,000 people. O.O
here here “: Speaking at the GA, I mentioned that 24 teams for the 2015 #WWC is not a risk, but an achievement.”
Warlow reminds #genealogy researchers: think in terms of records. "How did Uncle Joe interact w/the federal gov't?"
you're not wrong but isn't it just about being bored and wanting to play ball?
Why do people feel the need to stand so awkwardly close to me today, WTF.
If you think it's expensive to hire a professional to do the job, wait until you hire an amateur. - Red Adair
The Blitz will be its own episode of WIsconsin Foodie. Join us center at 8am tomorrow to be a part of change!
Thanks & for the RTs!
Al Snow vs CW Anderson
Thanks for the SO about our good friend Sara Brady :)
Chopped Honeycrisp apple is a great homemade mac n cheese topping.
long day. went to mitsuwa with friends. now i've got cappucino pocky! tomorrow will be chill as i will do nothing. except go to the bank.
no you should just enjoy it because it might be just a phase :/
Bridget again accused me of having "girl cooties." I denied this three times before the rooster crowed twice.
“: I guess I'm the negative nancy again, I'm with I don't see much improvement other than experience” <-This
yes lol. Guess what?
How's Jackson? We need to catch up soon.
Today marks the 1 year anniversary of the Schipul Silicon Valley office opening! Congrats !
you only have a few class periods left with kassen. I have him every Tuesday until I graduate-.-
Africa is the goal... trying to learn more
ENVIOUS about your bfast! How did you panel go?? I hear dinner was fun?
and me! Every Monday night girl... Bachelorette! Starts may 14th :D
Of course traveling back to the US has been a complete catastrophe. Hoping Emily's luggage turns up...
...and "Chief Scientist at Atari"? Dream job of 1982
good luck with rehab, and hope u come back stronger season we def need you, watching todays performance was very disheartening
Truly a great day 2day at GAIN HQ - we announced 3.0, and had some breakthrough clarity on our future model. It's going to be awesome.
Join us tomorrow (Fri) for the Full Service Tour Show, hosted by Deborah at 1pm and 8pm EST! nkairplayradio.com
7:34pm is your next shot at those B.o.B. tickets!!! He's coming to RIT for Springfest 2012 and has your hookup!
#20ThingsAboutMe 1) i love god, my family, best friends and one direction! 2) im a huge kid but i can be muture :)
Drinking pudding is A LOT harder than drinking yogurt... :(
My last tweet(:
hey, i emailed you back. you didn't get it?
Played Jeopardy in Science Class Today Got My team 1000 points
please please please follow me ? :)
Oh, I'm a few minutes late to class? Please, stare at me like I just killed five people
He's afraid of questions off script.
Alexis Johnson, a charter student, says her school is helping her in college and life
Officially been awake for over 24 hours ... Time to go to sleep #sotired #goodnight #sanfranprobs lol
purdue is terrible i agree but really you like IU
#JustRememberThat just because we don't talk everyday anymore, doesn't mean I don't care. I still do.
Hey Eve! Happy New Year! Hope Christmas was great w/ the fam. Before you know it we'll be doing lunch again:-) Time flies! Hugs.
I'm not saying Nicki is going to get dumped but Ben just returned the boots & hat for credit.
RT : Enjoying a Westvleteren 12, hope your Easter is just as fortunate. #hoorayjesus Just finished my last one last night!
He's fine! There was nothing, the doctor only spent a few swarms, for him to do! But you, as you're? Xoxo
exactly. And we gotta be fair!
Why cant the #NBA allow fighting like the #NHL? A few hits and when they go down break it up!
Loved the surprise MB! you're the best :)
Chicago has the better matchup. Go with da bears!
what do you mean chirpin?
Missed out on meeting Dick Van Dyke once; won't let that ever happen again.
Some of my family and I are going to Madison tonight for the WI Family Bussiness of the Year Award...*crosses fingers* C'mon, Malone's!
well I've played goalie in broom ball...it's tough.
#TypicalLoveProblem when u lie
Catching up on some
Hey. Wats Up
Catch us just South of Market tomorrow for lunch. Spear and Mission, 11-2pm. Kale pie special is back with green garlic and spring onion.
It's always raining men girl what you worried about?
Check out my book 'A Cross to Bear'. Poetry for your life.
They killen *ninjas* for for Jays that's death over designer #Coleworld lol
all they are about is #Liverpool? U realize they skipped the #FACup semi for opening day? Or did u miss that minor detail?
Work with HR to help create reasonable accommodations for disabled employees
Big win for the DePaul Blue Demons today over Pitt! Nice job, #dpubb. Looking even more forward to a big #iubb win today now.
getting set up for Fremont Earth Day Festival. Tickets available at the door. Bring your appetite.
hey guys!
bout to get it in in dis gym nigga
#FreshmenYearTaughtMe that I need to hate myself.
we share the same thought.
that is pretty garish - congrats (:
Fair enough! We like Chevy's too. Drive on, drive safe and drive happy!
Nodding in agreement RT : The NBA Playoffs! Featuring All-New Bonus Content: Effort, Teamwork, and Defense!
rly how do they now. Like did jasmine tweet it
im knowing bruh,ima be all good..ima walk her home anyways
classic anger song...
+ 1,000 Such a wonderful day to celebrate! RT : Congratulations on your graduation! Enjoy today!
Tomorrow Wednesday<3
Thinking the Aztecs own the PAC 12. Rather than the WAC or Big Sky, men's hoops should go to the PAC 12 to continue shaming the arrogant!
hate when girls say dude
Property-tax relief bills could also help you, if passed. "Homestead exemption" is pending.
My pleasure! RT : thanks for coming to the #LAMHarvard event!
Been forgetting to tweet. So much to do/plan for next event! Stay fashionably tuned!
I miss the way thing SEEMEd & how it FELT.. but I don't miss the fact that it was lies that made me miss what WASN'T true.
Yep! I know exactly what you mean haha
Sounds good
if only there were mechanisms for chat online that actually yielded good results :p
everything I make is delicious. Everything.
I really dont know the diffrence between reality and dream world
oh no! You caught me. #WorldsWorstSubtweeter haha :)
No wonder his last blog post was in Feb. RT : Tennessee, ladies and gents! RT : I haven't urinated indoors in four days.
everyone dreams of making it big someday u actually made it happen, as a child did u ever think u would come this far?? WE ALL LUV U!!
U/D Cordelia - Fire under control.
YESS EVERYONE I'LL FOLLOW BACK I have to get ready for school first. I have like 30 minutes (:
I went earlier today to hit a bucket of golf balls at this place and it ranged from 75 to 200 yards of where they all went :)
“: *flips you off with middle toe*” lmao
That's what I'm sayin! Check it out!
I've never felt so close to God as when I'm living in sin. -- Harwood, Episode 8 (coming soon)
M.I.A! Call me when you get a chance. I'll be at UC this Friday.
Thanks so much! :D Hope all is well.
Hi, Donald - thanks for the tweet! All is well...hope you are too. Happy Friday....YAY!
#kids Diary of a Worm, a Spider, & a Fly at Baker Theater, Sat, May 12 1:30p: The coolest ever rock-n-roll romp in a bug's world,...
FACT OF THE DAY: MEXICANS IS FEARLESS!!! MUFUKASS WILL FIGHT DEATH ITSELF FOR 5DAYS A WEEK, 8HOURS A DAY & MINIMUM PAY!!
time to wrap up, so perhaps we can discuss inspirations next week. big thanks for joining the first chat!
Abby is the most amazing girl ever(:
I would love Bard to be the closer....if he wants it....
hey whats up
I'm tempted to saturate myself with gamma radiation. If there is one in a hundred chance I can be the Hulk, I'm taking it.
Minnesota could become one of the first states to allow growing hemp as an industrial crop, under a bill approved by a House committee
I'm writing a new song. It's called "I Want to Leave" and it goes like this..."I want to leave" *clap *clap "I want to leave" *clap clap*
please post some info about how this goes i'd like to learn more about it.
annoy? Hmm how like insult? Or like playing around ex. Touching hair and poking your face
Hi, Sara! I don't know how I wasn't following your 'stache self before :) hope you're doing well!
Making QR codes for the Spring 2012 catalog!
I should be sleep right now
also..you should listen to "the sounds" their jamz are good dance tunes :)
VERY emotional journey to my home state to start settling my gdad's estate. Thank God my Baby was with me!! #LGBT ♥ I love her!!!
is there a way to subscribe?
Wow, i'm finally going to school. Lets see How this goes!
Summer travel update. 3 more flights to NY. 1 to Savannah. Just booked trip to San Diego.
im not sure...but if u cant then ik a way to get them on there....but its complicated but i wud be glad 2 help :)
cant wait til tomorrow. party for my bff shit gonna be fun!!!
I now pronounce you Chuck and Larry.
Tuesday is the best time to engage with customers via social networking channels. #dsum12 via
What's better than a Hitachi Magic Wand? (Answer: TWO Hitachi Magic Wands.)
+1 doing this right now with :)
SMH just getting home huh? Imma beat you up next time I see you ! There you go tellin' me shuddup . . ok I see
if only you saw what I could see, you'd understand why I want you so desperately... <3
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires. ~William A. Ward
Does it spring from something already published, or to be published? Or are you perhaps giving the talk in the Houston area?
Zach Tomaselli, one of the accusers of Syracuse ast. coach Bernie Fine, admitted he was lying all along. Two others maintain their stories.
Morso Express is open until 4 a.m. on Friday and Saturday for your late night food cravings!
been meaning to get at ya. Had to get a diff job. Imma send you a MSG playa
Can you still curl my hair? #LoveYouForever :)
I did enjoy Austin. Klout was an establishment compared to others.There were so many startups, don't know if there is one big one.
yyeeesss!!! Have wanted this forever! Well, for a year! Long trip home to Garnett after games :-)
I'm not perfect, but I swear I'm perfect for you.
Life and fake ass people!
Using the weekend to catch up. Revised entire chapter & did minor edits to 2 more chapters
Heading for the 18:29 London Midland from Euston to lichfield Trent V - hope for absence of snoring but good company :)
ha! live chat? bull crap you do not respond to anyone! in the words of an angry guito, " go f yourslef !"
Tomorrow Van will have another chance for you to win a $25 gift card for Hu Hot Mongolian Grill during the Electric Lunch! SPICY!
I had this HORRIBLE nightmare that the NC Dem Party imploded yesterday. No way that was real life. Right.....?
Loll hahaha I didn't mean it like that so chill loll
Thanks for the follow! We fund a lot of students & their adventures.
Choices In Marriage ceremony Reception Red Bottom Shoes New ...
Critical Level 2
Sure, stopping in at Rockhouse to hang with the roomie for a minute. Different is good right?
A Cabin In The Woods is a comedic spin off of the hunger games.
Well I've always been a Queen, but never at the Prom. GREAT training
Judy got a smoochin' when Johnny took her crusin'!
21.8 seconds to go in the North Carolina East West Regiona, one point game. West 82 East 83.
Q2: I split my time b/w content creation and media outreach. Luckily our community creates a ton of content for us.
firewalls and networks how to hack into remote computers
georgia peach angel food cake fro yo!?!?! omg that sounds like a lil taste of heaven!!!!! def need to make a trip soon :)
When someone is talking look them in the eye focus on their energy give your complete focus to them as if no one else in the world exists
Our house closes on 5/31. But my day job is moving too--so there is a lot of chaos in between. Still haven't got apt. yet LOL!
Me im a 1D fan and im 12 haha!
You are my Heaven <3
I deserve that , I deserve YOU !
My last day of my 20's! Weird!
I don't either :) yeah I never knew what it meant either only found out like 3 months ago lol
Keep getting the line
if you make friends with yourself you will never be alone
T minus 10 hours till w/ ..already in line waiting.
Remember and honor the lives of all the victims of 9/11.
<---- *online shopping*
We're so ready!! Bring it.
Life is always a gamble. Either you win or lose but through it all, you played the game and there is no shortcut around it.
were yu been
lol, I guess this wasn't real news.
I hate it when I prepare food ahead of time for a party and end up eating it all beforehand. Now I gotta go buy more and prepare it again!
I'd B lying if I said I didnt notice the tangibles...but its the intangibles that are fueling my flame
That is true.
spill details about new job?
"All that we are is a result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think, we become" (heck yeah I quoted)
14 year old nephew visiting this weekend! Should be fun. Sweet Frog, Mary Angela's, here we come.
That was a bit of a reach on my part. I guess I'm just anxious to crush you;) I'll be ready for ya' matey!
Plan your work, then work your plan. via
ATTENTION !!! #toronto IM LOOKING FOR 1 TORONTO ARTIST TO BE APART OF THE
Bahaha! Poor guy! Thanks for the laugh Nina!
Done all my finals and all my grades are in. I'm free for the rest of the week
I guess the assumption that all elderly are techno-nincompoops. The sheer loss of dignity. It's sad, not funny.
No one aspires to be average, they settle for it.
Happy New Year from the BBTF team!
We enjoyed our parent school tours of Chavez Prep PCS and SEED PCS this morning!
Saxet Gun Show Event Center this weekend 8111 Meadow Leaf 410&Marbach
I'm getting so depressed over this dress lol
5 Best Magazines- #5: Men's Journal. Great tips on cool "dude" products. Insightful travel info. Solid investigative pieces.
I'm so high I forgot that I'm even afraid of heights.
Hell yea!
“: Young enough to know I can. Old enough to know I shouldn't. Stupid enough to do it any way!”
Happy St Pattys. Happy MSU #1 seed. Such a good weekend.
hello my love! I like your hair short.... but if your wanted to try something new I say go for it:)
April 30th @ Boulder Brooks Landing, The 2nd Annual Twestival is coming. Bring a friend, meet new ones. $10 door @ 6p w comp drink. 2 bands.
Never take off when the work is flowing..
Happy Mother's Day!
Kush rolled glass full I prefer the better things niggas wit no money act like money isn't everything
Passion, family, justice, values, believing in making a difference: few of many drivers that led to rising EDs in philanthropy
For the music fans....
Thank you 20 year old man who sits a seat away from me at the airport to discuss my personal life...
No culture can live, if it attempts to be exclusive...Mahatma Gandhi
“ #Leo offers the most heart in one-on-one friendships because thats when the ego and the crowd are not present.”
Wow! Wait till you see the cool new riveting tool from You're going to want it!
WHY WE NO TALK?! Not acceptable! I MISS YOUU
you are awesome! thank you for the follow request to your network. Much appreciated
Final destination 5 tonight with & hannah (:
"I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL.." Actually.....I don't, Nor do YOU know how I feel....
sounds tasty. I've got a barley wine that is going to sit in secondary till the fall at least
Thanks for the message re: "Suited for Space." You guys launched that one out of the stratosphere!
. Great photo!
I feel the same way about my Percy. That dog saved my life. I love Babyboy pup too and would be very sad but if Percy went...NO!
#idratherhave Morningstar teach every one of my classes
If you really fuckin' cared you wouldn't have just said bye and left it alone.
You are Amazing Aaron and you inspire us! Best of luck to you from Seattle!
gonna try to go to sleep early...this won't work.
kick off the home season tonight! We have a shuttle going to the game.
holy shih tzu.! 24.66 Mb/s upload and 2.11 Mb/s upload! (after replacing old Charter modem and getting a Motorola SB620)
Practice. Oregon fan question about LSU fans pregame: "How do they drink so much and keep walking?"
you hate me???
Dec. 7, 1941 - a date which will live in infamy - the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air...
It's a shame that the Caps lost, but it was a hell of a game. It's hard to complain when it goes to triple overtime.
It's been my policy to view the Internet not as an 'information highway,' but as an electronic asylum filled with babbling loonies.
good idea. we'll look into it.
and the rumors are true. Gozur will be leading worship at Lives Ablaze Camp. ;)
Hey are you all still friends?
yeah. Major pricks. Worst than bus drivers.
North side meeting is underway regarding recent violence
I am wearing a stylish shirt.
*looks at TT* -____- where the fuck all these confessions at ? #tweetwatching .
RT New song is up! Listen and love! <3 - Thats three this week! So excited for the show tomorrow at Y-Not I!
Nice, all around score.
Great day, how bout you?
Hey! How's your day going?
will do sir ! Lookn forward to it gonna do big things.
True RT Wow smh... times are changing
Finally Redemption is done I'm tire but excited at the same time!!!!!!
Nationals is literally around the corner *puts on excited face*
My 900th tweet is for because she puts up with me..... and is stomping up the stairs threatening to steal my money...
follow our chef and owner she'll say funny stuff, i promise!
that weather forecast was probably the creepiest in awhile.
Saturday is the only thing I'm looking forward to.
Thanks for RT! Hope you enjoyed the post about culture of collecting
Getting the radio show on 88.3 WRPS up and running today!
Have you voted yet?
Where?!?! Is it nicer than the only other metro accessible one in Foggy Bottom???
Happy new year!
if you have a heart condition or high blood pressure you may want to avoid this game!
With a smile, caffeine, and a passion for the news :D
im sorry man haha
thanks! i need to retweet some of the pirate jokes coming our way…
miss seeing u around Deerfield Grand Prix in dat sweet ride!
good morning! hope everyone had an amazing thanksgiving. now back to finding front end experts in the bay area.
Exactly my thoughts.
I guess everything happens for a reason don't it?
lmao nice! I'm not the biggest KP fan, but that looks so cool! I've never seen a concert film in 3D
CONGRATS about meeting Obama! I'm (a little) jealous :)
Yes I did & yes he was.:) My dad (WWII-era) used to always point out to us the spot where Dillinger met his doom. #Biograph :)
The problem is men don't know how to take of their women any more
TODAY BEEN HELL.AND I BEEN SIDETRACKED. WHERE R U AT
The Night Is Still Young . (:
I bet you did " Genius "
would like "gender" to disappear altogether RT : Do you think we'll reach a point when we are just 'loving'?
Alberto Helped by Power of Twin Magic
my condonelences to you and your family, Steve.
WELL i did too but on the android so idk how to upload it xD
RT Believe in others > they believe in themselves. You'll be more than a #Leader. You"ll be a transformer of lives
Experience is an expensive school, but a fool will learn from no other.
@ so true! I mean the most admired celebs r the ones that r private they keep it mysterious. Plus when u tell them
Yeah! RT : When there's room in a tweet add #finecraft + it will reach more people. Just back from Smithsonian. just saying ...
Your my favorite deputy DIE BITCH!!!!!! lmaooooo
RIP Robin Johnson of the Go-Getters! Please pray for his daughter who was in the accident and is in a coma.
John works tues-sat from noon til close
pool time after all the thunder. Sunday?
Congrats on a Great Season, Great Tourney Run, & Great Career!
Just heard "t-commerce" for "tablet commerce." Do we really need another acronym? It's still e-commerce!
best middle finger go to U! / best bottom of shoe since REDBOTTOMS go to U! Weird! U might look good Too!
“: is showing me some really unique things about the D! #awesome #jobs”-->Great!
When people say stupid things I say stfu because there two cents isn't worth anything
Thanks! I'm psyched.
It is a Monumental Monday. Use the code twitter for $5 discount on your entry! See you on November 6, 2010!
Wow did you blow a bunch of calls tonight. Maybe its time to call it a career.
You protect your being when you love yourself better. That's the secret. - Isabelle Adjani
RT : the more you give, the more you get.
I'm Amy and I'm a Mktg Coord with - we offer volunteer service trips abroad. Looking to learn more on PR measurement!
nah... go head and get ratchet
Thanks for the #FF Have a tasty weekend!
Yes, is an amazing kid. Has a 2nd cookbook coming out in Spring 2013!
an ounce. Or a gift card to Urban Outfitters.
I still have some vodka and some southern comfort, you're more than welcome to stop by for a drink.
Glad to hear it and enjoy the event (wish I were attending!)
And you DON'T live in LA? Go figure.
I love it when my man lightly bites my nipples while touching me down below. Something about the combination drives me crazy
no shit!!!! I'm a twitter virgin! Trying to break the seal!
Instead of LOL, try "LSIMHBIWFEFMTALOL" : Laughing silently in my head because it wasn't funny enough for me to actually laugh out loud
I like how show past success to build upon.
Free lunch at the Wesley today @ 12 come by meet some cool peeps
I was late to the lab. AGAIN!! And then when my teacher walked in, I kinda told her not to say anything to me. Then I broke down
Regular person flirting: hey hottie hows it hangin?(; me flirting: i....like..spoons.
The Age of Kleptomedia. Whose content is this?
Linking to the unlimited knowledge of the Universal Consciousness, opens you to accelerated awakening & increased creativity.
Don't cry because it ended. Smile because it happened. :)
Seriously, has anyone ever listened to what Craig Sager said on-camera, instead of looking at his suit?
RT #Taurus girls are sincere.
Literally spent thw whole day with Lupita jeez
I don't agree Christina. Anthony has more to exploit commercially. But he will make it on his own. Jessie needs a big break and will rise!
Trying to finish Railroaded. Appropriately, my room, my car, & my parents' house looks like a train wreck. How do I have so much stuff?!
Happy 18th Birthday! It's finally here! Hope you enjoy it. So what do u have planned? Dm me if u like. Have fun! :-) :-)
On my way to airport to pick up Will Willimon. I wonder if he'll be wearing that swanky bishop's hat. . .
I think it's a semi good idea, so girls won't camp for days and then all wristbands r gone b4 others get there
Today is so beautiful! My heart is happy. Perhaps it has something to do with the coffee I just drank, but who cares! Life is grand. :)
Supposedly. They're already screwing up by the numbers too.
that awkward moment when its physically impossible for me to burp
Today, we have 17 different types of cakes! Come get a slice of Peach Poundcake! Also, tell us - What's your favorite type of cake?
Deucebrand Watch Giveaway..guess the halftime score of this Spurs/Clippers game. Closes one win, last entry accepted at 6 min mark of 2Q RT
except at that time I was still rockin the black bean and veggies :D
Had a great day at ActionCOACH GrowthCLUB. today #innotechinc Thanks & crew!
At the Wic office get Matt milks
hahahaha that's so stupid !!!
Watching a gay movie, laying in bed with another dude... Yeah. I'm straight.
It would be nice to finally meet you!
viewship would skyrocket
mine gone so you short lol..
sounds good. Ill be staying downtown. Try and get my digits from ptrick
DID YOU KNOW!? "Zebras can't see the color orange." sorry ! YOU'RE WELCOME!!
do you like living in Miami? If you don't...I'll take your place (: lol
Thanks for responding and sending the link! It's hard to stay active all the time. We're hoping to find more dads who blog.
I really want too really soon ! :x
Just drank my first 5 hour energy and I definitely don't feel it.
P.s let's get waste
“It is not only what we do, but also what we do not do, for which we are #accountable~Moliere
Don't cry pretty girl... It'll be ok :)
Mom, your such a cunt. Sincerely, your daughter
“ If I can help somebody ima help”< !!!!!
Forgot it was boxing day! I will ship USPS the bait & colors U selected + some other products . twitt'em up if you like'm
I see. Yeah I'm hoping it'll take 30 minutes to tie up all the loose ends on mine lol
it's ok. I was really upset.. But I got to meet Taylor and Hayden they were awesome :)
thank you for the rt! ;)
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset when my tweets don't get retweeted, fake twitter users, and when food doesn't taste as good as you expected!
Thank you for the great tweet today, Alexis - happy #FF and hope you have a lovely weekend!
these pictures came out on the right day tbqh.
fair enough; are they all WSGI, though? we're working on general WSGI support
Getting ever so slightly annoyed..
not a good buy?
Hot coffee weather, iced coffee weather. Iced coffee, hot coffee, iced coffee.. make up your mind spring!!
It really sucks whenever you have a sexyAF boyfriend and girls don't wanna back off.
Ok carmelo just go ahead and make every shot
Sorry, can't start walking now, I have my own work to do!
first time I heard it was when I saw The Expendables trailer
Mi casa ES CASA! Moved out of our apartment & into a house (rental) w/a backyard for my lil girl :-) MUY FELIZ
Did you know our friend just recently became an ordained minister?
No room booked at the moment so if anyone wants to share a room for about a week at doubletree, let me know
A1 Treadmill mktg: Attempting to spread your budget & resources across too many channels (ie lack of focus)
We are happy to help! Enjoy the show.
The best part of my house is my porch..
Sorry to hear about MCA of the Beastie Boys.
welp. tonight's party is about to change lives.
I love the way a nice hotel makes you want to be cooler & more put together. obviously we are loving it here!
David Letterman Asks Brian Williams About Scott Pelley and Diane Sawyer
We should always b talking about how awesome libraries & librarians are!
Okay. Well, we know a lot more about what you think than we want to. Since the point is lost...
Why wat i do
Listening to Eminem is an everyday routine.
Follow me if you got swagg......period
If LeBron makes that same pass Kobe made to Blake for the game-icing three, he's chastised and "afraid" of the moment.
A tornado Flew around the room
Follow Back(;
Some people dream of worthy accomplishments while others stay awake and do them
Go get authentic Dim Sum in Chinatown.
I wonder if is up ?
NCAA LOCK of the Day - FLORIDA+10 @ OHIO ST. FLORIDA guards with the addition of Rosario will be to deep +10 LOCK IT IN !!!FLORIDA +10
Lover I've just figured out that i've been cheated on:( iloveyou Vicky(:This feeling sucks!and i'ma kill a hoe!
#LastTimeIChecked you were never an immature little bitch
The beastie boys are like the beatles for gen x. I guess that would make it sublime for my generation.
When u gonna b in dc?? im tryna fish montana max lne
#FrozenPlanet premiere & #WalkingDead season finale all in one night? I'll take it!
Idk why I get so aggressive when defending him
Ugh. I hate it when I reply all by accident. Cc:
": Lets Get Up Lets Get Down Come Wit Me You'll Smoke Around Beggin Please Don't Be Shy No It Ain't No Secret Secret"
Oh, and: it was super rad to run into both and at my audition today!!
say it ain't so.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Business Cards - $29 || 100 Copies, Single-Sided, Full Color || www.Actor-Store.com -
id understand if the game was broken or something nothing wad ever promised by the company except an ending to shepards story
shit bout to do some this homework.. i miss you man! when you come bck summer gon be over!
how did you get this gif to work on your profile ??
Nice finish ! 4 under nice position to go into the weekend!
Wow, so many spanking offers! Thank you guys LOL
Thanks for the mention and for sharing the good news re: CalTrain electrification!
The need is to save over 300 thousand teaching jobs ~ VP Joe Biden
well this guy thinks babies are beautiful newborn or whatever, i think newborn life is what real "swag" is all about
": Chemistry doesn't make sense to me. Stop trying to explain it." Took the words right out of my mouth.
Im sorry but I havent been able to find that song to purchase
order me one, I'll pay you back
The recurring fish face photos never stop bringing laughs. Ladies, please do continue.
haha! Runners aren't wimps...sometimes we're just tired ;)
Another no good mood today.
Tip of the day: chocolate is great dog food for dogs that arent actually dogs.
Late night hospital visit with one of our actress friends! Just a soccer injury, nothing serious. -JO
Congrats Kings Speech!
It hasn't even been 24hours yet and look how many people miss you mals 
HA!!... thanks and I think the same thing about Native American chicks.... lol
UW works with orgs that bring the passion, expertise and resources to get the job done. That's Burgerville! Eat there 3/29, % sales to UW
If someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason.
So excited, Demi is a x factor judge! Gonna watch that show every night now!
I'm more focused then ever.
just returned from an e-government workshop and clearly pondering e-gov services
#ItsAkwardWhen when your parents look over your shoulder to see what your doing on the computer
There's nothing in sports like OT in game 7 of the NHL Playoffs.
I have personal goals. And dealing with bullshit drama isn't on my list of things to-do. So excuse me if I just don't give a fuck.
yo... them cards come out cool?
I can't! I've been tested everytime! Anyways, are you ready for your presentation today?
Listening to this weeks podcast of Penn's Sunday School right now
ARRA $ can now be spent, but for some programs not yet requestable. Talk about nerve racking.
and let's go to the zoo and then eat pork rib fajitas. Cc
I'm honored to be followed by the star of the last #smbmad!
A-Rod got a ring... Baseball players not carrying teams like that though. We've gotta stop this. LOL
is so beautiful.
I just want Daphne & Bay to be BFF one day!
6 days and counting
Damn im hella sleepy and I gotta be at wrk at 6 FML
Anybody with any experience treating a inoperable non-cancerous tumor in jaw/ear/throat area of a dog? Specifically a Corgi?
Wtf my mom left her phone here -_- i hope my dad has his!
RT will be starting my diet and exercise the coming week! Haha pig out here in pampanga.
I'm at #SWMadison and want to use Codiqa to create prototype of an iphone app. Others here might be in same boat. Licenses?
subjecting your members to loud, shitty music is no way to treat people paying a premium for your gym. You're on notice.
glad you enjoyed it. and have great ones as well
.. and distort factory life in China (I lived in China 2 yrs, HongKong 4 yrs) Foxconn iFactory Nightline
These women on these crossfit games make me wanna get into shape, but at the same time, they frighten me
six followers
“: Josh's music: This Life (Mercy Me), I Used To Do It (LeCrae), Sing A Song (Third Day), Showstopper (Toby Mac)”
Thanks for following. I followed back. Much Love & Peace to you and your music. I'm vibing right now to it
Ithaka's key findings: libraries three main perceived roles are as the gateway, buyer and archive
WE LOVE YOU! X ALL YOUR MAHOMIES. ♥ follow back?
Caztro in the booth tonight will be a good session
Oh Pegs. You look so cute. You're gonna be let down so hard.
same here :) <333
Looking forward to getting the new iPhone. :D
You kinda like soccer? I'm gunna pretend you didn't just make my dick go soft. Yeah, no. It's totally soft.
CR, here we come!!
I get that pussy wetter than a dirty sewer.
Life is not about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself.
I have just been exposed to the ridiculousness of Jeffree Star thanks to My eyeballs and ears hate me now.
Cody's accent >>>> Liam's accent
Java Interview Questions Downlaod - Java Tutorials - SUN ...
im here sam
yeah omg omg
thank you--both orgs we were planning on linking up with may pull out this week--trip might be a wash...
it was very hard
pok salad annie is classic.
we are on the free app #TuneIn check us out click #Pittsburgh and then
New Auction to start TOMORROW! Benefits Miracle on Canal St.
what's your snap chat name !!!!!!
I had to google "emeritus" ....
No surprise. The market manipulators are getting some leverage and pulling the DOW up towards zero. They have a ways to go yet.
Thanks. That's a great tip/link. We'll check them out and connect.
It's hard to let someone go who's been in your life for years in the snap of your fingers. I really don't understand how you're managing.
OH SHIT!! JUST SAW IS FOLLOWING US! That's Swag Right There
just got to face the fact that will never notice mehhh , blechhhh hatee life </3
RANGERS WIN!!!! HANK GETS THE SHUTOUT!!!! Gotta keep rolling baby!!!
please follow she is you biggest fan!50
Thanks David. We are excited about the project for sure.
you have another jersey of a player not on the team anymore...I am a clippers fan now tho
We don't know what facts he ruled on because there's been no written decision, another problem with the process.
Some retail therapy...Oopsies!
Happy to 'meet' you ! If I had to start again, I would have chosen to be a stonemason!
that's rough
": "What's the tip gonna be?" / "I dont know, Im too high to math." #fuckinstoners"
and sleep c:
. got a shout out at the dork shorts at
That's why all progress depends on unreasonable men
lol well if youre having #girlproblems, youre not gonna be forever alone ;) at least youre trying.
Q1: time is so important that they don't even follow any design model.
he probably has alot.
two or three depending on the situation :)
If you can hold one, hold on.
shes playin right now. The one and only
So jealous my mom got an iphone and I'm still stuck with this shitberry -.-
Excited to start on a new project tonight!! We'll be revealing it soon!!
who's in the movie??
Ascension Praise Dance Conference was really great too!!!!
why didn't you grab his jersey like you do all season???
I've partnered w/BasketBull HoopHall & gonna be coaching @ Hoop Hall Dreams Camp @ Basketball Hall Of Fame in Springfield, MA.
Sears Holdings Provides Update On Status Of Separation Of Its Sears Hometown ... - Sacramento Bee
thanks for the inclusion!
Probably wouldn't have lost so many games if jamison wasn't so busy building a house from the 3 point line and grabbed some rebounds
Thursday is going to be awesome! Great Lakes brew with the brewer! What will you brew?
Mmhm (Juicy j voice)
I hate feelings....
RT : Tough loss but we need you against PHX friday...and thank you for your support, you guys are the best
mate, I'd miss the flight?! Mental results going on!
Back in Syracuse, NY to speak at the Central New York Small Business Home Office Conference and Expo.
C'mon you mighty Reds! Play the toffees for a laugh and leave them feeling blue!
Tam bin esta loco feeling lazy
"The thickness" is coming to #primal !
Hate all you want. My genius is unmatched. shouldn't have dropped my hot pocket during prep.
Watching the hunger games!! Great film, I´m lovin it!! ;)
no problem! We had a great time
your exhibit Origins of the Universe at the Santa Monica Art Museum is incredible!!!!
fuck balls, so do not want to deal with this final tomorrow.
Well , ima sit here & let the tears fall where they may
Almost just died twice trying to get to this damn thing...and its already 10!!!! Fuck!
Well howdy.
“: k im about to hide in my closet like ” it's actually not that bad...I'm sleeping in mine. Hehehe
Good Morning everyone check out My new #art Good Friday #Goodfriday thank you for all your support
ever since I seen you on Ellen promoting your iphone app, I have wondered what it would be like to go out dancing with you :)
Work til 6 am almost there
Kenny "hawks & lakers in the finals" Chuck " WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?" lol
Do battles with the challenges of the present and you will unlock the presents of the future - A. Andrews
hahahhahhaah nice i think the same thinglol.
Happy Birthday Your my inspriation and I love you I have and always will be there<3 Forever a mahomie!! ~Lexie
thanks for the RT Dave! Appreciate it. :)
Happy Mother's day mumma😊😍😘 love you
lol. Two people saw that. I need to start watching what I say on there. :-)
Thanks Marie! Enjoyed seeing you last night:)!
What could be better than spending the first Monday of summer vacation having fun all day at Lied Discovery Children's Museum?
just bought the new album cant wait to see you on tour!
Erik & Mumble from Happy Feet 2 will be tomorrow from 6-7 for kiddies! What is cuter than dancing penguins? Answer: Nothing.
think u needed snooks help tonight!
Dancing for the Arts
Dad, stop watching a documentary about roaches.
girl I'm still figuring out myself! I mean once you try it starts being creative
I didn't know u sold 31....I have been wanting to get the girls and I lunch bags forever! !!!
shit bro, working out here on this flight line on a fine saturday night Smh. Waz good whichu tho?
im back :)
I'm so freaking irritated
Happy St. Patrick's Day Twitter!
My little cousin gettin all the girls lol
CONGRATS MAN! U DESERVED IT!!
yes loved those. Anything neon too. Ugh it looked awful.
way to pick a non-sexy industry and make it really, really cool. This is a real company. Biz plan in place!
ringringringalinglingg!!! HEllo!!! Joey! Thanks for the follow!! ttyl! xo!
The track meet would've been better than that bonding thing for china. Met another runner though!
Its all good cuz when u act up i acrt up even worst bet
Already thinking about that 4:30am alarm tomorrow! Waahh
Hope you'll treat them better than you did in #sacto #Sacramento hey where's my #swag #feed the
Awesome! Can't wait.
I cannot begin to tell you how the gravity inversion table has improved my lower back in 2 days! Now onto the treadmill!!
If i win I'll at least hit you with a brick of Washingtons & I've promised to make a Thomas Pink wardrobe rain on
omg I hurt my back. its all obama's fault lol or my baby's ... same difference
is now in studio with me on Spo Says on
Aweh, me to ~runs my fingers through your hair~
Good night :)
Reading the #Quran for a final project and I'm completely blown away. How have I not read this before?
Super psyched about our photo shoot w/ today!
#tuesdaypopstarvisit. I just ruined the surprise of the century.
Chuck I think its Dick Gephardt
Edward St. Aubyn: What else is there to do but read too much into things? What a poor, thin, dull world we'd live in if we didn't.
Fetishes creep me out. I just like regular vagina.
you just becoming a little fashion Diva
#Brewers are out of relievers with Chulk coming in. I'd guess Estrada might be available, though.
We love your interviews :) if you could check us out and tell us what you think that would be great! Thank you :)
I love you omg
A4 And if senior leadership isn't thinking straight - even worse. Remember, GM senior exec flying in private jets to DC?
Thanks for the follow! I followed back :)
Can you Follow Me Please??? :)
Took Peter (with the fam) to Fitz's for his sixth birthday. The boys each had huge root beer floats, which they drained.
Normally, I flip cable news channels compulsively but, today C-SPAN-2 won out as my drug of choice.
Way to go Boston Common 2nd messed up projection in a row. Argumentative manager was a nice touch
What song immediately puts you back in school with a car full of friends singing at the top of your lungs? Come on , we all did it!
#orphans8 Gartenberg giving background on Tassilo Adam, an ethnographer who lived in the Dutch East Indies in the '20s
Topic of conversation in comics class today : "Have you ever won something in a box of pop tarts?"
did someone over on Lombardi hit the pause button?
You up mighty late!
so what do you do with the last 4 hours of your life? Irving's going to take you down! lol
. Agree a sportier car would be more Ferris-esque, but the whole Bueller reference works for the people you'd imagine buying Hondas
couldn't agree more. We could use his services.
RT If you could only do one exercise everyday for the next month, what would it be?
Friday can't come fast enough!
your welcome! :)
for only 72 hours?
1 gallon of water, 2 packs of water,4 packs of hot dog buns,and alote more I might not go to my  in till
Or a puerto rican. Whatever.
The genius of Bilderberg is akin to the genius of Marie Antoinette. There is dumb. And then there is Bilderberg dumb. Made in Warsaw.
Did you see the picture of that huge burger? Ugh.
This hora needs a new in the worst way.
What a beautiful day in Indy!
Refreshed and ready to get back at it after a great trip to Portland and many glorious hours browsing and buying books
“Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful.” —Ann Landers
great movie bro bro #dysfunctional friends and nice meeting you and chatting with you
RT - #Indians will send Shin Soo Choo to Cleveland on Sunday. Dr Thomas Graham will examine broken left thumb on Mon. Also h...
I'm frightened by the devil, and I'm drawn to those ones that ain't afraid.
My tv hates me. v.v
i didnt my mom gave me 3 dollars lol
What. A. Weekend. #scbwi is my tribe :)
ber o'clock starts at 12 pm..so you're way overdue!
Thug Wade speaks from the heart. Whenever someone says, "I'm not a dirty player." they're lying like a dirty dog!
Sack a jaweeeeeeAaaaaaa!!!
Happy Friday! =D
RT OK...now that I got SWV's new album, I need En Vogue to put one out!
So proud of Jessica! She is a officially a Spartan
Remember if you don't like the way 's triangle processed your money - you can always grab the person's phone & smash it for a refund.
I donated the bedazzler! It now lives in greener pastures. I hope.
Thanks for the opportunity to be part of the team. Can't wait to help build
You disappoint me.
Yahoo! Names PayPal and Yahoo! Executives to Lead Consumer Commerce Business
#coldplayonidol I think he's trippn..
Wait for prices to come down on the things you really want.
Class C felony in Wa RT : I live in a society in which beating women & fighting dogs are forgivable sins, but a card game is a crime.
Following the footsteps of and taking 19 credit hours & running cross-country next semester.
Guest feedback fr #thaiabdominal "My [abdominal area] was very...“active” all day... just felt more “movement” going on [than] usual."
In just under 5 mins...the LBT takeover will begin...we get it in!!
Don't know what I was expecting but I'm enjoying the not so insane atmosphere of
SEM Manager: help launch the efforts for a new product offering focused on generating high-quality conversions for ourcustomers....
yeah, why not !! :) hi my pretty friend
I didn't think animatronic mascots could get creepier than the Downy Snuggle bear. The torch has been passed to the Carfax Car Fox.
so glad you came up! It was nice to spend some time with you finally :)
lol its kay at home haha
I hate it when I lose an argument with myself in my head.
Alright the new winner for the Valentines Day Bat Giveaway has been chosen, please check your email to claim your prize!
Thanks for shopping! End up scoring that board?
yeah :( THERE IN CHICAGO WITH ME!!! :D lol
We have a free show in San Fran coming up :)
I don't wanna talk about right now I'm sorry
Tomorrow Volunteer Mtg 7pm 18 N. 5th St! Join us for information and cocktails after!
Over 90% of people use improper lifting technique while working out.
I have a crush on Megan Draper.
fyi, #heatwave summer rooftop party series continues this saturday with & :)
How is EVERYONE at the grocery store a complete idiot, besides me?
i hate regretting when i tweet things out
"Thousands of candles can be lit frm a single candle and the life of the candle will not be shorten Happiness nvr decrease by being shared"
You can also follow us on facebook. Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
yes, yes, he is a qt on Ridiculousness. ;)
I'm so bad at replying to things. #CanWeStillBeFriends?
Schulist and Chris Roberts and I were rocking 'em all night at Cactus. Ricky the Drugs Dragons Steamboat, Randy Savage Garden...
Attending "Get Hip, Get Happy, Get Uke: Ukulele Primer for Music Therapists" at the #AMTA #musictherapyconference in
Listening to author Katherine Neville of "The Eight" on the podcast Sound Authors by - I discovered it here on Twitter.
Great turnout at the #lidigital, looking forward to speaking on the search and display panel and hearing other great speakers.
Thanks! ": Thankful Thursday to have a great day!"
I tried to download ur song but I couldn't find a link on ur old site
It was a pleasure meeting you tonight. And thanks so much for helping me with the non-profit project!
appreciate the #Twollow !!
All I want to do is watch a movie & take a nap. What do I have to do instead? Keep hitting these fucking keys until my fingers bleed
Always in ohio when I have to work overtime -_- RT : Columbus, Ohio - THIS FRIDAY - Skully's!!!
#1111 Icon: THAT HOT GUY! <3 BG: AWESOME. I wanna sleep with him! :P Bio: Amazing! (: I LOVE YOU, THANKS FOR EVERYTHING :D
love you too Lexxxxxx!!!!
Found the perfect bookshelf at Costco & its on sale. Too bad it's too heavy for me to lift. Will have to wait for to get home
Velvet Elvis in studio now! tune into now!
well why should I? Tell me?
SAY WHEN, WHERE AND WHAT...count me in!!!
A left will take you to the interstate but a right will bring you right back here to me.
You're welcome friends! It just stopped snowing here and it's not too bad. How much snow did you end up with?
Keep up the nice work.
I have found that Echinacea is much better at curing you when you feel yourself getting sick than vitamin c
Thanks for the helpful chat.
How is so much better than every other nut butter I've ever tasted? You are making this apple at my desk DELICIOUS.
that man has no A button on his controller only the X button.
Hell or high watermelon!
BTW Ball To Poland LOVE
you guys doing anything around Tampa today?
Thank you much. Please email us @ to discuss.
If I get enough work done in the next two hours, I get to go out for drinks to send friends Jon and Ray off for Mother's Day trip to SFO
At Barnes and noble because I'm just sick of tv what is it coming to?
You only live once but if you do it right once is enough
Guess who's registered at Babies R' Us. This gal ;D
Excited to get my haircut by tomorrow. I'm thinking about going shorter, style. No matter, my hair just needs cut!
Moe's is my preferred as well. More toppings to chose from too.
I have to constantly fight all the forces of nature trying to hold me back. I won't let em control me
The average driver will honk 15,250 times in their lifetime!
wow you are self centered you actually thought when i said "its wierd how much i miss this person right now" was about you. well it wasnt!
I wanna see Avengers!!!!!
I feel like whenever someone calls me "pretty" , they're just lying and they're just trying to be nice.
Just wanna sit at home and watch sappy love stories.
Watching #castle flowers for your grave. Where it all began :))
Thanks for adding me to your list of Seventh-day Adventists. May your coming Sabbath be very blessed.
So much car frustration. Im one more problem away from selling it and buying a bike.
Oops, spoke too soon, a couple people left in the corner.
RT Looking for an instant credibility boost? Be transparent; sign each article with your name and upload an author photo.
Super bummed I won't be at the show tomorrow night! Crying on the inside
Trying to understand Santorum's heart thumping; delusional ideas - if sincerely acquired - are legitimate?
Not only will you save a bit of cash, but it will also keep you fit…there’s nothing like a nice walk to get some fresh air!
Very glad to help. A unified vision is our best hope for a better future. Gotta make sure we're counted!
Special Collections librarian Dale Stieber on Oxy letter press class that produced a fold out book of poetry illustrated by QR Codes
I bet.
Te gustas mi foto? It makes us look like boyfriend girlfriend :*.
I have never felt this way about anyone before. <3. I wish he would just decide.
we had pizza! How was Muppets?
Nashville's music is a little quieter as the city recovers from flash flooding and storms blamed for at least 29 deaths in three states.
If I'm an MLB player I'd be pretty ticked off about this. Would never expect a fair hearing again.
What a great night :). Time for some Sleep though.
lol love it!
Feels weird to not stay for awards - but it's been a long day, and I am ready for a drink!
it was great seeing your work in person today at #ArtWalk & good talking to you as well. Wish I could have bid on the auction!
"You smelly flower."
Why do you love Victor so much ? Isin't he too cheap for you ? Lmfao. I'm kidding. It's too funny. Sorry. You know I love you
Dripped yogurt on my sweater. No one told me for an hour. On the downside it's embarrassing. On the upside I now smell like strawberries.
I never said thanks for dinner last night! Thanks Jen. Have fun abroad.
Kids can always get the book from the public library too, which I'm sure would carry it
Thanks! Right back at you!
USA! USA! USA! Go get it Ladies!
Very cool new publisher of English and Dutch translations of Slavic literature! Follow
Rainy friday night = movie night with momma and papa bear. <3
Shout out to the Czech Republic at Sir Toby's Hostel (always amazed at how people from other parts of the world find your website)
Netanyahu: PNA must choose between a peace agreement with Israel and a peace agreement with Hamas (Ynet report March 28).
The great Purge begins. Filled 2 trash bags on day one of our cleaning. Trying to lighten the load to Ohio...
Dreamt I made FT of a tourney, but another player was stealing from my stack. Made a stink and the floor (Al Roker) berated me for caring.
Thanks for visiting We hope you enjoyed your meal today!
Let me see if I have enough in my piggy bank to help you out there...
I miss you too
I think Ms. Tar will have to settle this one...
and at the rbc?!! Watched part of it there yesterday! Wish I could join you!
Carlos our sound guy killed it last night, only 4th show with band. 5th member he is. here is to sound guys+girls who know their shit.
There's just got to be a better way to make a living. At least for now there's a weekend.
Making the Most of Changes to Roth IRAs | Child Rearing ...
VreelandA ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward
do tell!
Ugh I'ma have to go to the Dentist as soon as possible.
Did you make your mark yet? Help Ad2's Public Service Committee support Elementz
is knitting antibodies in flannel-induced hypersleep while the snow falls outside.
Kinda wanna go to a high school in GardensGrove or LA in callifornia. Anyone live there? Or go to a highschool there
Eww. National Kiss Day? Will not be participating in that!
looks so sick man. Can't wait to see it
Eli Manning as a drag queen on #SNL. You have to respect him. He certainly doesn't have an acting career waiting, but the man is committing
I got a Galaxy U phone on wednesday evening. although trying to root Samsun Galaxy U, I had a difficulty to figure out a rough instruction.
RT Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. Aristotle
Oct 4th come meet Keith Allred at the rose room in downtown Boise @ 7:00. Free admission and drink tkt included.
Hm...might have to start taking a public poll.
Wishing you a great run!
And because we were told to.
Is studying some really GOOD biblical material from kanaanministries.org in South Africa. Check it out it is sure to bless you!
Good Afternoon
"THROW A STRIKE"
this is for Alex RT : Chin straps are for helmets...it's not a "style" of facial hair.
Thanks for the invite : )
That awkward eye contact with somebody who used to mean the world to you.
All of those offer great advice! Well, that concludes our short Twitter Chat today.
THE LONG NATIONAL NIGHTMARE IS OVER. I HAVE FOUND MY OLYMPUS BATTERY CHARGER.
yessir! You going?
Ready to do another show! Louisiana is the next Tour stop.
Do you feel like you've been tricked by the future you've picked?
Like taught me- all it takes is 20 seconds of an ounce of courage to change things. :)
its good I guess. Could be better. But who doesn't. Y tu hermosa? Todo bien?
the show's called Shylock. Wanderlust Theatre. Brady and his wife are the puppet designers for my Wolves in the Walls
that is honestly unreal. congrats babe. CONGRATS!
Just two places in LA??
#BlakeGriffinCriesLike a fat kid at a closed buffet
Saw a perfect little red-bellied robin while walking. Wondering if i'll find an ear in a paper bag next.
In bed before 10 for the second day in a row.
You are welcome; going to return the favor? Schucks, I'd love to have you follow me.
r u in Australia still I hope ur show goes well
I'll check them out.
Work worth doing is worth doing well.
I can't make my mind up about where to go tonight. Someone decide for me.
People do not change, they are merely revealed. - Anne Enright
#imiss wen i could run ta my granny fa errything i wanted..den my lil demon spawn baby cuzin came along..ugh lol
Have a great #420 everybody! I will!
Ah, yes. Chuck was there.
As the ocean is never full of water, so is the heart never full of love.
Mixing Weight Training and Aerobics - New York Times (blog)
And look at him now! Success!
Whew. 130 Christmas cards stuffed and mailed -- BEFORE Christmas.
one of many duh
Drive right. :P
sometimes I be so bored I stare at my phone waiting for a facebook/twitter alert to go off or a text/call to come-thru
win again! 3-0 over the blue jays!
What option is there other than having all students reach the highhest level. Athing else means u have given up.
thanks dude :) of course!!
They're secretly superheroes. :-) RT : I ♥ our web services team.
what was it?
I figured out what was wrong, called in. My Swoosh account was messing up and somehow my Nike+ account was deleted. Back at 0 fuel
Looking forward to going to Tulsa OK tomorrow. :)
On the way to the gym! FML grown man shit is wack!
Thanks new followers!!!! :)
« « *Organization RT : Kobe still got more rings by himself then the whole OKC organisation though...»»
Thanks for following Jonathan! You're stuff is hilarious!
homemade foods of course!
There may be nothing worse than the morning after a playoff loss
Yay Ryan Anderson!
These "Shit ___ Say" videos get HITS, man! How bout Shit strippers say? Shit stoners say? Shit people-who-will-probably-end-up-in-jail say?
My brother dropped his iPhone and the whole screen cracked into like 50 pieces.. LOLOLOL SUCKS TO SUCK.
im great thanks, just tired and bored -.- and you? :)
Thanks for the RT! We appreciate it!
Wonder how he really feel?!?!
do you love to sew? do you love kids? I have the perfect job opening for you.
Excited to see ICTC corps members on the cover of Response 2012! :)
aw she didn't flush it down the toilet did she?
this years is the best one yet, congratsguys
it cost me a whole paycheck to cover me and 2 friends. Ridiculous!
wow! Good to see young people trying to make a difference and caring about a cause.
that's kinky
call me maybe
Man i miss my brother
Big laughs today watching & others in a very funny tv pilot!
Cream Lounge come check out how a Monday Night should look like in Scottsdale.... They have the cheapest drinks here in all of Scottsdale...
These Dancers suck! Ugh it takes forever
anybody having problems getting on niketalk?
#HappyBirthdayMadison shouldn't be taking this long to trend 😥
My throat is on fire
1 class on friday! Done at 11. Then work,
Sure am
Program is what that is called. That is a program. Something 2b proud of. What we all strive for. Will never b very far down.
You're on Twitter. Should you be writing instead? We'll give you five minutes before we start judging you.
I miss being a kid. I get to play polly pockets and tamagochi after school. But childhood days are over. I'd rather sleep after school.
good morning it's cait from hoping everyone's day is off to a good start!
Im done wit zans
how was I not following you?? I'm so ashamed. Thx for the RT... you were missed YET AGAIN! We got new blue shirts, yaay!
yes Pinterest rocks!
you're the most politically sound person in all of America
Getting everything together, so keep an eye out.
this is great, way to include everyone! Check this out and Bekah!
Envy is the art of counting the other fellow's blessings instead of your own. - Coffin, Harold
Good night gang,Thanx for the RTs and Follows,See ya on the other side...Remember Barry is a criminal and must be removed from office,NOW!
Very nice and informative to listen to you speak in class yesterday! You have such GREAT energy!!! :-)
Judy Blume taught me everything I know about girls.
Yay Hunger Games day! Here's to hoping me and aren't the oldest ones in the theater
- Very Busy, put a house under contract second day into the new year! What's your volume this month?
add them into the Bill Hall file.
Stay safe on the road on your holiday weekends. Use for all your transportation needs! www.localmotionofboston.com
Oh heck, yes. RT You know what sucks? When your baby is sleeping happily and you're inexplicable awake.
AH!!!!!!!! OMG MY JESUS FREAKIN FOLLOWED ME AH!!!!! I THINK IM GONNA DIE FROM HAPPINESS <33
Looking forward to be shooting with Felix Everding Maya Saad Tabea Damaris Jauslin Jussi Tuomi Antonio Thompson Joshua Martin Travis Smith!
Ahh, gotcha! Any particular industry? Will keep my ears to the ground...
Sitting in Knoxville for 4hrs.. very warm & muggy..not happy
for sure
no we not lol
I love the sharing of ideas. And getting a chance to chat w/ ELT people worldwide.
lol we will see : ) melissa is the one who showed me how to reply and she's never been on here ever!
IN GOD WE TRUST
It was a great night at the Hamilton County Lincoln Day Dinner.
tonight is grant's final episode with taps! :,O
But even though I dont say it, I still feel it. so where's the sense is that
Congratulations! Such a sweet blessing!
I wanna get out and fucking do something.
Did some gardeing today & there is something unique about spending time outdoor with the nature.
Oh when will I come in to my portable property?
alright :'c
Great now I can't sleep. This sucks.
Some people would be so much more attractive if they got a nose job.
Who loves ya baby? LJ’s giving away ereaders and free registration to our #ebksmt at – stop by for a chance to win!
Brainstorming for dinner.. My Favorite!
ain't got no snuggle bunny baby! :( looking for applicants
Watching Dexter
That's what's up...Is that the overseas tour?
Good morning World! Wishing everyone an amazing and blessed day!
and got your back in chi-town. Kick the patriots ass today!!!
Will they be presented in front of a green screen?
#Street #fiction at it's best by the #author Cole Hart.
I'm pretty sure your boss is wrong about one of those things!
Merry Christmas!
that's a given!!!
It's EG's birthday! Give him the best present: get involved in his campaign for LA Mayor. Go to the meet and greet Tuesday night
What the fuck is my sims saying...
Bleh. When you come to Seattle, THEN and ONLY THEN will I be excited.
YES! Use "geolookup". It's a great feature of the API - and a standard part of the base packages
I'm thirsty. This is BREAKING and EXCLUSIVE NEWS.
So tired from the emergancy room trip this morning sympathizes with me!
They are called head phones for a reason. I should not be able to hear the music clearly when your sitting fucking 10 feet in front of me.
Gaahh Chris Neil
That may be the most random Cristmas tweet ever.
Glen Campbell is still a player. you can tell. that was a dope performance.
I always cheeted (used the G space). took people a few times playing me to figure out how to call that one.
The Artist. You didn't miss anything, honestly. Well, except the dog.
Playing guitar >>>>
When people wreck right in front of you -_-
Field trip to...Indiana?
Thanks, Tim. I've been at SI for a bit over a year now, but every day is still a learning experience!
Meanwhile, Facebook is working on a Project Glass alternative that makes everything look like an Instagram photo.
Good God.. Tom Morello ripping it up with Bruce. Shredding is an under statement!!!
What inspiration you get from becoming a good filmmaker?
Touch my anus.
OH: what if we could tap into the ingredient that kids already have to make more joy!
Spring Break #GuyCode episode >>>>>>
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
Thanks Jon! I just finished watching some of ur Easter svc. It was Awesome! The cross screen = genius!
I'll take Alleve and get out there. RT : The Astros need your arm against the Rangers. All of Texas is dependent.
of course! we had a blast :)
I bought a dog once. Named him 'Stay' "Come here, Stay." He's insane now.
Many think gentrification is great for low-income communities. We cant see how this is true! what do you think?
We should go flash drive shopping one of these days x) I think I have enough for one
And yet that's what ESPN is focusing on. Why doesn't that surprise me?
aha yea i miss,dat</33
#Cubs Win!
you should have said "it's just a guess anyway, why do you think we're always disappointed..."
sycamores are the devil's work
it will change a bit once the GOP starts backing Romney as the candidate - right now GOP money is split b/w lots of nominees
At all times I have cold, NEVER seen my mucus turn yellow. know thats gross but is completely fascinating.
So much work lately! Thank you clients/friends!
channel 6 in Orlando a now show no go they simply suck as far as shuttle coverage. Take it to the bank so called world wide webber
thank you!(:
Sometimes I wish I taught international politics. I would never run out of topics & ideas 24/7/52/365. Human societies are a wonderland
We experienced 9-11. Can you imagine experiencing 9/11, plus all our elders have? D-day? V-day? Pearl Harbor?
no? What is it?
Snow in #Denver in #may what the hell
follow me back please ?(:
omg my thumb hurts so bad man
The best relationship you can have is with yourself and focusing on what you need to do for you life
Yeah! Plans are set to wish #BennuDancer Zoe a happy birthday #Indy this Saturday!
#Gator Gabi Wiegand scores the first goal of the night only 3 minutes into the game. #UF Lacrosse
Welcome to the #BridgeTEFL Tweetchat! Feel free to ask any #TEFL questions or check in from where you are #teachingEnglish!
Free cold stone for habitat volunteers. Find us in the UC. Happening now. RT
ooh and Pulp too 90s old skool from Sheffield... #coachella round one!
yea and the dude needs some new teeth
I couldn't figure out how to hook up optical audio cables. Didn't realize plastic covers have to come off. Swear I'm an engineer.
Thanks to all the media, newspapers, and magazines who have featured
"Growing up is about aiming to succeed wildly and being fulfilled by failing really well." - Yes! Every day.
How does Phil Levine get emotion in his poems? "Believe in the validity of your imagination and exeperience."
RT : Start living your passion today, because when you're living your passion, who knows what yr legacy will be.
"Oh lion, oh lamb, oh giving, oh tortured hand - remember in your mirrored will, I stay still." ::dm stith::i stay still::
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes! If you can't do great things, do small things in a great way! Have A Great Day!
