Love watching the red carpet at the Derby!
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful Mommas!
Age does not imply wisdom
“: Chelsea Handler seems to think shes a lot funnier and hotter than she really is. She must be a dude.”. Amen!!!
": #HowDareyou not shave yo cat but want somebody to search thru that forest to lick that !" nasty bitches hahaha!!!!
It's Jamie Flam's birthday!!! What did you get him???
B, did you get my email about the 2012 Miss Pretty in PINC Pageant?
love that blog.
And a big howdy to for the nom for the costumes in Beam me up, ESosa!
Totally stoked for you!! How did you do it?<<down 72 lbs in 14 wks>>
"The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win."Roger Bannister
Sitting in an empty room at #stadiummanagersassociation its not the same without
"& yea my type- i like 'em brown. Just like my drink. The fuck you think?"
Secretly likes it when her fiance starts blasting Aerosmith...
Did you hear back from Civic?
Cause you don't know him like I do, you'll never understand, & you don't know what we've been through, that boys my best friend. <3
church. ": If I were in the NBA I would be so afraid of playing the Bulls in the fourth quarter."
Union Station: from beautiful wedding set up in the Grand Hall to wasted obnoxious suburban bro Cubs' fans outside the Snuggery.
hey Something We All Go
Why will #4profit and online schools prosper? It achieves outcomes, a solution to capacity gap, it's how children are already learning
Lmaoooooo the hell is going on
"Have people been keeping this place a secret? We had a delightful lunch there today." - Plano Rose on
Did Brett agree to this? :)
Don't be cutting your hair too short, though! Girls want something to pull on -wink wink-
have to work tomorrow night
Does anybody know how to remove the stupid shopathome redirects? Not listed under uninstall
Reds bullpen pitches shutout, Halladay also does well.
I signed a year lease because I was told I could get your services at that house. Ouch
Every season I try to break it off, I say I won't go back for cheap thrills... And every season, I come back, watching until the final rose
she needs a miracle, not a booster.
www.platinumposts.com check it out!!
Out the shower its nice put today my big day prom!!!!
woke up this morning to 1,616 books in my inbox.
Just sent you an email about what we do, check it out!
Shows the quality of #horsemanship we have here in #Ocala #FTBOA thanks for the mention!
I won't tweet any spoilers, but it's going to be an epic season. Enjoy the opener!
oh yeah
Bang bang
Brain Floss: Jill St. John, Jack Klugman, Diana Ross, Carol Burnett and Cher have all worn braces as adults.
Motorcycle's As The Rush Comes mixed by Paul Oakenfold... I've done bad things to this song!!! Great flashbacks... God I love this song. 🎶
good luck!!
My God Daughter got a modeling Agent .&they rdy move to the west coast like me ..LA i will b movin there in 2 years
has austin got another twitter account?
Hmm curried neck bones...I wonder how that would taste? *runs down stars and pours Indian curry powder in pot**
Well, first make sure the score is really deep and even, go over it multiple times.
Making plans for South America in December--Merry Xmas to me =)
Start typing in the box, then scroll to the bottom of the screen: its hidden in the footer.
who needs a ps3? got you on deals
Yeah Eva The 6'5 and up club is very limited!! We're very exclusive..and enjoy the perks, like: meeting You!!!! #Love ya Eva!
How do you balance your time spent researching with time spent producing? I find it's easy to sacrifice one for other.
#ItGetsMeMadWhen "If I Had a Gun" is trending AGAIN
The moment when your watching a music video and the boy you love is all over a girl and your like "NO GET OFF HER!!"
Rt : Whether you're publishing or an aspiring author, you should be following on this
Big thanks to Team WalMart for their tremendous support.
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! Our #ErinGoBR celebration is in full swing. Come by Tallulah after the parade for green beer and great food!
you too cuteness :)
rachel ! We should. Aha nahh id be depressed too. Besides, we have cotillion haha even better right?? No...
get it BTT!!
-Time flies when you are having fun!Come play #TrendsTues! Today's topic is #Jewelry! What's your favorite piece?xox
you gonna end up twitter jail in a few.. Like fr, fr (-_-)
Inspired Farmers tonight at 7pm - We will be heading to the Murphy Center to look at our demo garden site. If interested, please join!
also disgusting
I'm supposed to be working right now, but they arranged for back up so I could stay home today.
Coffee mate>>>>>
A fossil is an extinct animal. The older it is, the more extinct it is.
thanks for the support <3 ;)
Thanks for the MT!!!
Help us play Cornerstone by......voting for us! Share with your friends so they can share with their friends!
No, the IBM guy is probably just trying to sell something, so he makes up some facts to justify it
#20factsaboutme 15) I have a hairless cat named Lexi
Im not one to make you feel guilty, but I do feel bad for the folks who are going to miss Sunday to go on Spring Break..haha
Just Finished #TheRocker And it was great :D
When they ask if you believe cops always tell the truth say no.
no problem! (:
Now I gotta tag the city!
[GOOD 2 KNOW] Steve is vibin to that 3TARDS... you should too
you guys still do that shit? lolololol
do you have a suggestion for like a historical fiction type thing that is smart and fun? i need something a little lighter
Tower: Cannot read you, say again! Pilot: Again!
You guys are awesome, best of luck to you!
Lord knows I'm looking forward to much better days...
This is a free downloadable report that is 100% virus free
happy friday
If money equals smarts Romney is 1 of the smartest men in America.NAH NAY no way,no how,can't be,we in trouble!
If a guy really likes a girl the only thing he wants to change is her last name
Good design leaves an enduring imprint, embraces the beholder and adds value to every interaction.
2 million people lose there checks do make new friends and get them signedup as free members
You the one that I think about alday!! You the one that I'm feeling you the one that I love💙😍😏
Great game today. Really clutch playing! “: All I gotta say is !!! #BamSucka”
did someone @ MATC try out your new iPad before sending on to you?
thanks for the support! glad you're loving it!
Living young and wild and free
That was my boy RT: Remember John Smith with them deflated ass ankles?
im watching Stomp the Yard...dear Jesus i want to cry
ready for the show at BlueMoon tonight! I'm the bar back tonight. Watching y'all set up
Yeah, that was a bigger stretch than the whole dual realities thing (and Jason Isaacs having ethnic friends).
and you guys are cracking me up this morning.
Back on Twitter so tweet me
SOA FOREVER!!! Can't wait for the new season!!!! Thanks for the fun! from #asylumradioonline and and
: Oh man. I'm super jealous of all the winners! I can't wait to get my hands on a copy when it comes out.
follow me back? :)
i don't normally agree with fools, but i find myself agreeing with you here. sat/sun draft binge was better.
Hope everyone is enjoying their first week back to school! New tunes for the new year #KnowHowToDance Get it on
What?! Yes I am! I do not understand the twitters or the interwebs, I am so confused, please don't end our friendship.
they really suck it's a fuckin disgrace
Good morning! I'm so happy it's raining. I love the change of pace. Got breakfast, a callback, then a little shopping. You?
So excited to sing at Jack Ryan's party tomorrow @ Elliot's Boots! I hope everyone can make it out!
A10: Sake bombs - so much fun and tasty :)
I received so many compliments at work today about one of your jackets, I gotta send you a pic for your blog!
It would be impossible to "love" anyone or anything one knew completely. Love is directed towards what lies hidden in its object.
Congrats to all the #SBBuckeyes on finishing their finals. Enjoy your Spring Break and
Ur Welcolme so what u doing
I love all the #MLA12 tips I've been reading, especially about pacing oneself in the megaconference environment.
thanksRR: “: Interesting how & showcase #BestLocalNews in their respective cities
Visited job site in #DELMAR yesterday. It is looking great with QRT QAK CABS from cant wait to see Gaggenau kitchen installed
Wilson hits a three and suddenly #Badgers are only down 10. Plenty of basketball left - 12:40
Hi Kevin, things are good, moved to LA in March. How are things with you?
yay went to my "singing lesson" today to practice for the talent show!!! :) #sopumped also getting a new canon camera soon for my videos <3
Eating fake steak that looks like fake porkchop.
Touchdown Giants!!!!!!!
For sure! I'd like that. ;-) Forgot how much I love to tool around on a bike! You're welcome to ride too if u want.
Market Fresh: New potatoes: ... to set the peel and heal any nicks or cuts, allowing them to last longer. ... chopped shallots and he...
Perfect RT : Watching #SOTU, wondering how there's room for Congress amidst all the straw men...
thanks for the info on Joes Pub. Wish I could be there.
Crescents/Croissants...? nah, i can't do it, can't get with it, no matter how much it fits the city :)
The devil is a master of disguise.
No one yet
Bout to go get my sweat on
Glad to hear we are a part of your travels! Thanks for flying with us here at MKE. Happy Travels!
Brooklynites- check out Apt 138 in Cobble Hill. Great summer vibe.
Drove through Rodeo Drive yesterday. What's the big deal? Looks like an outlet mall.
In time we hate that which we often fear. William Shakespeare
nicely done
Thanks for the #FF, even on a Tuesday!
The Toro ceviche or Spicy Kani Kama or Shima Aji! Now that's what I think I'm going to have for dinner!
but i understand why some people are upset - they feel like they're losing austin
My life is like a box, i go nowhere.
About $120,000! Now that's one yummy salary!
Watching Punk'd on MTV right now
I swear sometimes teachers just make tests really long so they don't have to do anything all hour.
From the USA, text "haiti" to 90999. The need—and our shared human responsibility—continue.
The countdown till infinite studio time is on... 3 weeks couldn't come fast enough
Working on material for some more blog posts!
Preach! RT : Yall folks looking for Material shit is confused...that comes and go..but the DRIVE to gets it STAYS WITH YOU FOREVER
don't you hate it when you go to the supermarket and lady gaga steals your pants?!
how did we acquire Estrada and from whom do i remember it being
lol you were a junior when I was there what you talkin about!? Lol
ew my picture
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
lol MT : Glad they're making Great Gatsby in 3D. My favorite part was when Gatsby threw knives at the reader's face.
you look beautiful in ur pic. i think we could cause some major damage! ;P
I was looking at the mountains, and the guy in the car in front of me threw trash out of the window...
Jean Wilkoski, Bonnie Rowan, , , Bonnie Rowan, Katerine Croake, Janet Leno. To name a few.
Good Morning All!! Busy day today!!! Doin it real big!!! Stay Tuned.......
no just rich white guys who dont pay taxes.
Revolutionary Cleaning can disinfect every surface and material.
RT : Peyton Manning called John Elway this morning to tell him he's looking forward to coming to play for him.
Band got a show tomorrow cant wait its gonna be sick. pc4pc???
LLWS is more nerve racking than anything else I've seen in a long time #lifeofa13yrold!!
Seems that 99% of the Anglos on my flight to Beijing are over the age of 70. Only retirees go to China?
trans siberian, lernidee experience was fantastic - i say take the 16 day trip. great food, & siberia, mongolia and beijing. wonderful.
where is this bootcamp?
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut
u exploded????? Lol
has a nice site
This is the day I made a twitter, since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY! #leggo 6
thanks for the mention on the #Burma series
Gave over $1k to Democratic Majority Builders/Dem candidates. Gonzalez? Nada.
Good for you, 1 hit at a time.
French Vanilla Cappuccino with whipped cream!!;)
me and are a dream lol
Bummed I couldn't make it today. Believe me, I'd rather be hanging with you guys
are you available for speaking engagements? I'm working on a training conference in Nashville; wondering if you'd be interested!
Please tell me how guys do you wrong when you cheated on ME! I hate my ex's. What a queen! 😒
Reading is to the Mind what exercise is to the body. Keep your Virtue alive, cherished and confirmed by Reading good books;
Is that okay for you?
You're right! Cinnamon's amazing. Raisins are like little disgusting, wrinkly demons that don't belong in or on anything. :)
Super Secret Separates Sale TODAY only!! Mention the password "tongue twister" and get 20% off all separates including sale items!
Wow, your first pic to have observable edges - hope you enjoy the shooting as much as I enjoy viewing yr West Village pics
Can you send us more details at ? thanks!
So its gonna be one of those days...
I will be an instructor at the Wakerly next year! Come watch me teach you everything I know.
The Lighter Side Podcast #34 - The X-tra Fat Show
“: hey hey what time is it? ???” I think like 8pm
Hey Matt, are we related?
today is a day that i #salute S.T. and remember.......
You may say I'm a dreamer.
but what abt parking lot residue and oil and gross stuff. Can plants live?
Tango lessons going on now, S.I.N. Night starting at 10pm! Tuesday nights just got a whole lot better.
On to the AFC Championship
not even. bro do me a favor
"If you don't like my diamonds, then buy me bigger, better ones"-inspired by Elizabeth Taylor" the best that ever did it!
Applying antifungal cream on my eyeballs. TEE HEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I will just buy a case of Miller Lite instead....do much better with beer than I do stock!
Seriously, the #servsafe class takes 4 hrs?? This isn't what I want to do on a Friday!!
you would have brought down the average age of the audience significantly :-)
traveling on Delta or Continental? new checked baggage fees are in place -$25 for 1st bag and $34 for 2nd bag - I'm sure others will follow!
my youngest had knee surgery as a former athlete and aging father tough to see her w 3 scars on 18 yr old knee
fresh line up with
yeah!!!!! Lol and i would mention you an stuff!!!!:D
Happy Turkey Day Everyone!
Stuck in a middle seat - like the middle class.
*cracks fingers* we gone have to lay hands haha . But sheesh the comp better stop set trippen
One of these mornings I'm going leave the house and not forget anything!
saw Awesome! An Oscar worthy performance by
Last night I thought I'd take it easy by just drinking champagne. Yeah right. 15 glasses later...
Deleted 5500 words of my current manuscript days ago and today deleted another 2000! An obvious struggle going on between me & words!
no one has texted me in like 2 days...lucky you! embrace the letterless phone noise.
so wrong!
T & I watched your vid when it came up on LinkedIn updates! GREAT STUFF! Exc stories, ie grandpa's situ ethics re prohibition!
hmm i wonder why people just leave me sometimes. i didn't know i made your life bad.
Leading worship tonight and feeling a little under the weather...hope the kids sing loud enough to cover me!
how was everything?
Let me know if u have other cool brands as followers. I'll add them to the list!
We are sold out! Thanks for stopping by today! We'll be out here tomorrow!
I see u calling and now I'm about to block u 5 calls in 3mins stocker
you murdered 360, he had no good bars. It was like he didn't know what he was doing. That is a platinum artist?
wuss Gud my new cd fina drop ya need one
For fans, the has their new Thrones podcast up. Great way to refresh before Season 2.
Nice! Or, not so nice.
oh goodness! didn't mean to link to your site - just the flier!! #txla12 Wake up for CRIME TIME w/ Marcia Clark, Matthew...
RT : LA Clippers win Game 7. Congratulations to Chris Paul and Clippers GM David Stern.
More shibboleths: RT : good question! Camus comes to mind.
Need a nap, in a hammock, on a beach. Yea, that would be nice!
"complete representation of the erasure of humanity" through blank images in the shape of bodies. mark of memory erased/readopted
i want to tell me im cute
#ADPonCampus today at #PSEConv - stop by our booth to learn more about our sales opportunities!
Wanna piss off a fan base? All you have to do is ask is "who's #MichaelJackson #Ladygaga #JustinBeiber or #Onedirection" it's a #DeathTweet!
i just wanna lay with you :(
Our hosts are joined by members of our jazz faculty for a rousing performance of "Cheese Cake" written by Dexter Gordon
Pucker up! Trapeze is going to Lips in Ft Lauderdale tonight!
yeah we had a limo
naaar fuck that she won't remember ;)
Yes, that one's my favorite. Seriously thinking about getting it...:)
RT don't be a fool by letting pride get in the way of someone that's good for you.
But I still love y'all though... Cause y'all sexy... Some by way of there pic... Others by the ways of their words!!!
One of my dreams came true tonight, i met the cookie man. Now Follow me, to make the other come true too. ;) <3
please email our publisher:
The gifs are getting a little out of control.
guess what I got tickets for?:)
Burning ones...arise
o-m-g, was looking so hot at the beach! who saw that pic? :O
Just had a pretty bawm tri tip sandwich. >,<
My Facebook is being all cray.
Ty for retweet. Good to know you liked book as I still need to read it. TY for the recommendation.
Reading up on paganism before bed. Goodnight!
That's what kissing is for.
The eggs yesterday were stuffed with candy (more than the kids needed, in truth)
I was right!:D
Hey was not there just Downtown, keeping tabs on the game, was sent the photo LOL
I hope it doesnt...all need to go
Thank-you Eve. Heather McD was also nice enough to give me a shout. Keep making CL such a great show.
Got a case of the Mondays? We've got just the cure. Pulled pork and a bowl of soup!
Don't mock me, Hurt.
OMG! Its you honey! I miss u soo....where have u been? I have been thinking about u
I'm weaning myself from the Faceass network. Using this to vent.
all the time. :/
Everyone has the capability to make powerful impacts, they just have to know how to sell their #InnerBrilliance. cc. !
Short shorts and flip flops have returned due to the lovely day. Too bad we won't even hit 50 degrees Thursday or Friday.
Clutch: Mindy remembered the baton. Beauty Flies headed to the start line. On deck
How do u add the most value to your home when you improve it? Answer: By lowering the cost of the improvements, upping quality, upping speed
Oh you hate sluts? Oh you're 15? Oh you have a picture of you smoking a cigarette in your bra as your default? You're so cool.
tia lous in belltown. broadcasting from here and stuff. cinco de mayo. come party even though you arent sure why.
Hair of the dog...
great pictures. Heavy snow bands falling now combined with dropping temps are allowing snow to stick to roads.
Change your password man, you're still sending out spam tweets from your hacking.
So fingers still crossed, should hear back from recruiter soon :)
My life Erik, my life.
what's up? where u headed...what beverage is in ur cup?...lol
We are so proud and excited that our new web site has launched. We hope you will join us on this adventure. www.GaLuWi.com
going to a haunted maze tonight :)
Stewart L. Udall~ We have I fear confused power with greatness.
It's on! "Music From the Film CENTER OF GRAVITY" will drop October 18, 2011 digitally on all your favorite sights. Pre-order at my bandcamp.
mmhmm. Now ASSume the position. :)
Lord Jesus, the things I'd do to Chris Drew. I need holy water..
Girls wouldn't ask so many questions, if guys didn't leave out so many details
I give us a C on the DRAFT
I'm using Web Tools session. Room 340 (via ) check that room 346
If i dont then u tell me who will.....?
Skinning all sorts of avatars..black,white, yellow, orange...!!@#!
Poor Whitney's dealer has got to be hurting. Let's see Romney fix this one.
Either you control your attitude, or it controls you.
Another woot! RT : it looks like we raised > than any Dem running for Congress who wasn't a Kennedy, self-funder, or frm member
Good workout at the gym :)
Someone just turned the lights out while I was in the vault & up a rickety ladder. Am now very thankful for my phone & its flashlight app.
hahaha, why you always gotta bring west philly in it don?!
please RT. Is your org faced with big data analysis and visualization projects? am gauging the need for training in the sector. DM me.
The things I'd do to shut you up
“: You rock! I'll make sure to report back. Thanks!!
when do you leave town?
The making up of rhetorical terms: Imusbefulloftus. Naw, I got nothing.
"I live with no regrets." "No, you live with your parents..."
Is there anything like this event in Tulsa close to Baltimore? I'd love my husband to attend.
MAKE A FACEBOOK~ or i can give you my old account. lol.
We're so proud of our Patrick! Mr. Tandy saves the day with a thrilling performance in the latest InveDel podcast: #Improv!
You've encouraged me 2 do that. Have to wait until school starts. Done it b4. After a week, the thought of ff will make u ill.
#EBUS118 You are awesome. I will be up to DC this weekend and am planning on stopping in! What's on the menu?
what's the difference? not being sarcastic. actually asking. isn't testosterone considered a steroid?
Congrats! RT : Just had a buyer call off my monthly real estate statistics blog... BYU Statistics Professor... he was impressed!
twinkle twinkle liam payne harry louis niall zayn.
RT : With all the love is getting on , think i've found this year's stocking stuffers! shar.es/X2Chr
And so nice, too! “: Obsessed with .. Why are you so cute?!? (:”
"I need a Caucasian" best line ever from a bar band
that's me. how are you doing?
Ok thx...and spread the word!xD
I'm not Davey Wavey and I approve of that message!
Artificial insemination is when the farmer does it to the cow instead of the bull.
depends how hot our shooters are. They play great D, but not better than Kentucky.
Help P.F. get to 600 fan likes. Only 10 to go! Tell your friends! PF-WeBringHope
I'm not coming anymore I took a shower, Now i'm in the living room watching a movie + other festivities ;) see you tomorrow!
My new years resolution is to get and to follow me
I am what I am but thats not all that I am
Have we discovered the perfect vacuum ?
Just left #camicakes in Vinings.... Will smash these later! Yummy :)
My sound just went out on the TV. During Joshua! Argh!
yep, we are with you on that.
what do i have to do today
I missed her ass! Both kinda ways. I missed her from not seeing her in a while. And I tried to punt her ass parts but I just barely missed.
#ufopenhum Good morning!
This new album is hitting all my 90's autumn music pleasure centers.
RT "Writing is making sense of life." ~~ Nadine Gordimer
aw shucks man.. thanks
"PISSED OFF FOR GREATNESS" Man, he could make bagging groceries hype!
It's good to see so many new #UMBC students in the library today for orientation. Welcome!
Congrats on O's MVP. Maybe next year it will be AL MVP
I'm sorry Congressman, but that's not pizza. Come to Chicago and we'll take care of you.
LOL! I'm not tryna get on your nerves brotha. You know that's my fave Roddy thing! LOL!!!
I tripped tryna trip today -_-
follow back plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Got My New Phone . I Love It . Its My Baby . <3
I know. It will be just like when someone pointed out the phallus in the carpet pattern here. I can't not see it!
Thanks for following! Love Chris!!! <3
Interesting pick of Jim Yong Kim to head - hope he brings great experience to job
Decided to move UP my "quit day" for smoking.it happened today..this morning...need some SERIOUS good thoughts sent my way....
Please DO NOT go to Gonzaga University's Senior Ball with !
Gettin some lunch then heading to the gym
Chicks who play video games 👏👍
up early to soak up every last minute of this day :)
.. how much bigger is the next building going to be?
Whenever I delete an app on my iPhone, the shaking icons look like they're all panicking over who is getting deleted.
they got some coming out, damn reebok really trying to make a comeback huh
": "everything God allows in my life is intended to make me better; but how I respond to what He allows is up to me"
Don't put off what you can do today!
A split sheet in the music industry only reveals the split of the ownership in a particular song
Very proud of myself: cleaned the whole apartment today and threw out two large bags of stuff.
Went mallwalking with my Mom today since rain prevented an outdoor walk.
Thanks for the tag! :)
good for you Dufflyn! So happy you made that choice!
- thanks for the retweet.
Right? I am so sad about it!
I tell ya being a teacher now is probably the most worthless job than it was back in your days, because with the-
I am so lucky to get to spend the afternoon with my children & grandchildren to celebrate Christmas. I am truly blessed.
never wallow, move forward.
wood would be disappointed!!!
ha ha ha
Breaking News: Hannah is bored.
OK. I'm done with my spiel.
is it just me, or are Irish Catholic priests responsible for most of the problems and liberal drift of the Church?
I woulda carried you, but your there, im here.. shit...
I think you hit the nose on the head. - overheard at work Now they've changed their song and dance. - overheard at work
OH MY GOD. No you didn't just write that.
good afternoon boo how u doing
“: when I have babies can you babysit?”>>yes ma'am! But I'm warming u..I'd they r bad I will beat them👋
#DearTaylorSwift please pick a genre.. anything but country.
So just arrived at the airport for my lay over in Atlanta GA now to wait for almost an hour to fly out to dayton
You should really cover 'Set Fire To The Rain' by Adele, you singing that song would make it 9002247898238799x more amazing. ♥
I am already it seems like counting down days. woohoo can not wait......
1st half done in Ipswich :)
That is exciting news (about the puppy)! I'll be looking forward to seeing a picture of it.
These scene bitches at my school are annoying
working on some fresh beats
I wish I had a voice like Hayley Williams.
Josh Beckett's "my off days are my off days" is one of the most clueless things I've ever heard.
Not a good sign for the WAC and the Vandals.
The Deuce is featuring 's tweets on 2/3 of the screen while leaving Tebow a tiny corner, as if the Tweeting were the news.
: I'm looking for a baby daddy for the weekend. You in big boy? ===> Father's Day was an invention to make me look bad
Our new bio-filter wall is on it's way to our office - just in time for the open house March 25 & 26. A green wall that cleans the air!
kids asleep. pup snoring. hubby too. next door neighbor's high school daughter is practicing cello, or maybe trumpet. love nighttime.
home; literally my first chance to *pause* all day. about to make dinner & catch up on tweeted traces of (etc) on this AM.
Go Bears! RT : Hail to thee, the best school in the land! Great job, Mercer!
Catching up on music I #need. can you please schedule Nashville into 2012? Also, come with =KiLLER line-up
Keep wrestling and MMA seperated guys. Can't work a shoot fight. Just looks awkward.
So, the candidate whose held office the longest in a Hispanic stronghold of the city has a name ID problem?
Hey Company dancers - don't forget your Car Wash & solo costumes! Also I still have an Uprising costume from last competition. Who's is it?
I really wanna watch Battleship. :c
The number of people I have heard say "I want to watch Battleship" is unfathomable #seriously? It's based off a board game!
LOOKING FOR NEW TALENT: message me for details about promotion, production, beats
that's the business
Just went on a following spree. My news feed was looking drab
looking forward to tonight !
no...i will never get over this. my heart hurts bc you broke it
i love the artisan
finally heading home...goodbye London. back soon
Had a great time at the Green Flash Brewing Co. tasting at Map Room. Met some awesome people as well.
Husband tells me he bought it on ebay many years ago.
RT : Tweets shit just to tweet it
thank you Lipstick on the rim was too long lol
": Hello friends, family, and fans. This is my official account I finally found the time to join twitter." GR8 2 C u Here! XO
Watching narnia omg British accents on boys<33
100th #SNL digital short was pretty epic.
Bucks are getting jobbed by the refs in Lawrence
NetNewsWire iPhone app updated. Clippings now work again.
I created an anti-aviator sunglasses Facebook group in 2006. I broke down & bought a pair to look badass in 2012. Karma broke them on day 1.
I'm there! looking forward to seeing every one!
No relationship in life can be any more successful than what we are willing to learn about ourselves through it
can you use YouSendIt to send me a backpack full of cash? :)
you know it. Doug legursky is our star right winger
Tell me again of this school you are talking about??
It's Friday u ain't got no job, and u ain't got shit to do..
Never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about.
@ haha ya i think it's cheesy but I know a girl that did it w. Her bf n now he's her ex. so it's ex bf
The last thing I want to do right now is work
you're right. I don't.
what's the value of keeping old code?
Here's to wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!
Social Learning Platform....emerging now...join! Sophia.org
I just was wonderin if it was a promo or like what it was yu kno?
Hey John check out keylessmusic.com deep end and hot shot mixed up by Chuck Alkazian
you proved that on the stage tonight. you truly proved that dreams do come true. #thankyou <3
Monday's Team X 88 Video email has been sent. check it out Team. Here's to another big week of Xocai growth. Stay Positive, JJ
Was wrong doe?
In the US, 16% of all undergraduate degrees awarded are in STEM fields, compared to more than 50% of undergraduate degrees in China.
the pink clouds over Oak Harbor is just mother nature's way of saying she supports breast cancer awareness.
Tell me about it, Chicago winters my whole life..This is a sweet change!
Just bought festive seasonal greenery and eggnog. I will get in the holiday spirit tonight!
I am writing a history of Big Brother and the Holding Company,an almost entirely visual history.Sam
All good K Rod. Keep up good work. RT : My bad people i will get then tomorrow!!!!!!
I think I need to stop drinking entire bottles of wine as my pregame before going to the bars
Honey, that's a shirt...not a dress
Looks like I need to keep way more receipts and go back through my credit statements...head...hurts
Take a look at 's "Content Rules The Social Media Roost". Great article by Paul
Need any phone bank captains, or just callers? I have some time in the evenings & it would be warmderful 2 be back on Elvas Ave
The first half of the Oscar Nominated Short Films that we'll be showing are the animated short films. They will run from 2/10 - 2/16
my pleasure. My one and only Twitter list.
Video AND song. Did no one tell Nicki and M.I.A. that they don't actually need Madonna for a hit?
I hope they send me home early.
so glad he likes it! :)
Are healthy whole grains really that healthy? The AHA puts it's logo on all kinds of whole grains that are denatured and cause inflammation
Good Morning ☀❤
#IfOnlyICould be as cool as I am on the Internet, in person
A woman is the full circle. Within her is the power to create, nurture, and transform. — Diane Mariechild
Happy Sunday!
"sometimes I watch Fox News & read the Bible and like it" #hipsterheresy. Are there somethings that will never be hipster?
have a good time at the Billboards !!!!!love u hottie
hahaha YES!!!! 2 people like this! Alright!
"there's no such thing as personal space on public transportation" haha fkn SF
we dont have any hot water!
Crystal Meth users message me & confess usage of drug
Really need a job so I can move out at the en of the year!
follow now. 6
Clippers bout to lose
no prob nd u should DM me doe so we cn keep in connect doe
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. Lol
I hate wen u can't stop thinking about that one person...but deep inside u doubt that person is thinking of u...:T
The Quiznos where I live won't take my FREE SUB coupon! Cheap bastards!
Sachin - OUT. Dhoni and Yuvi to save India. Otherwise, its straight Sri Lanka win
Note - The key to a good relationship is the key. Give me back the key.
HAHAHA yes.. dude shot LIGHTS out tonight... it was insane. get well soon. Come kick it sometime and meet my girl
track tomorrow with and I?
58 private colleges now charge >$50K/yr. Talk about elitism. One reason UCF is now 3rd largest school in the US is we take access seriously.
DON'T WORRY I LOVE YOU!!!(:<3
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
you going to hit up the pike? Lol
President Obama: "Look, Reagan was an asshole but he agreed with ME! But I'm not an asshole. Honest."
Let's take HERC around L.A. today.
Heard "what makes you beautiful" on 94.1 the radio :D
Interesting energy stat from EIA today: US dependence on petroleum imports fell to a 15-year low in December.
Isn't that the truth.
Boys are a trip these days lemme tell ya!
Have a happy and safe Cinco de Mayo! Tell us where you've found the best food and fiesta!
that's right!! Watch out ATX!!;)
So ready for 14 hours of volleyball tomorrow
it wasnt easy, dont act like yall two niggas didnt have issues! It took us working to get u to ur potential.
Time for music with cheesesteaks, sliders and lots more. Come on down tonight 6p-1a
Wen I don't have time to wash my hair, I think I need to reevaluate things.
I had the same problem @ DMV when I moved from BC to UT -- they required a written test. Piece of cake from UT to WA though.
Whoa. Just heard and felt a huge explosion near 44th & Kessler. Did you?
": Luck says Manning sent him a congratulatory text last night. #Colts" #class love peyton for it
OH EMMM GEE. I think I'd die, if I'd be Justin's #OLLG !!
Congrats, sounds awesome. Would you mind DM'ing me your email? I'd like to discuss a platform with you that could help out
havnt released of yet. Goin back n puttin a few things in it
oh, I will!
#onlyblackpeoplesay i dunno what black ppl says lol what a stupid trending topic =x
Mirrors can't talk, and lucky for you, they can't laugh either.
my fault!!!! i meant 9pm!!! but i gotta reschedule anyway
RT Happiness is Priceless
Alright Tom, go win your 4th Super Bowl.
Attack from Behind... BROCK YOU BETTER RUN
If my house is clean, it means that Facebook is broken..
AND WHEN WE'RE DONE...I just wanna feel your hands all over me BABY
Wait I have it! Sorry it's just that there are a lot of entries to keep track I want to make sure everyone has participated
Strep throat + bad sinus infection =
Think I'm bout to call it a night.
Louisville's uniforms are hurting my eyes.
#wmusocmed how you build your network is important
I'm thinking of explaining away this beard-burn at work by claiming that i had a deep facial. That'll work, right?
Bout to get me and my sis a chello lol
When you have to go on a "lunch" at work with the co workers youu dislike! <<<<
Ugh. The 2 times I've talked to the press, the end product has completely flabbergasted me.
Dreamt last night we were hanging out w/ talking leadership. Maybe that will happen for real one day! Ha!
While her clothes are still on, one of the most intimate places you can lay some kisses is along her collarbone. sextip
45 min more and I'm our of here What what
Try twitterfic for iPhone application. www.twitterfic.com / great app for Twitter for lawyers
no. What the hell twitter?
WORD! And can I see a pic of 2 delightful girlies please? U still hav my email?
“: lol ok I'll be there Saturday for brew city idk if you planned on goin” if she not going she's LOSING!
If you're around USC today, I'll be on the Trojans Against Hunger panel at 11:30 re: the "This is Hunger" music video I directed.
He was kinda funny looking. He wasn't circumcised. Lol you betcha
lol. Do you not have a front facing camera?
How are you guys!
Hm....I Can't Believe its Not Butter in a spray?? What more do they have to do before we don't believe that it's not butter?
see you there!
You got it! RT : Ninjas in Paris? Nobody knows what it means, but it's provocative
well according to the Mayan calendar the world will have ended So would it have mattered?
Lol, having a cool movie doesn't mean we gonna watch it, but seeing it on TV n it going to commercials sux (the hangover)
Craving Jack In The Box Tacos
LOVE THIS // Teamwork is the fuel // Agreed. Have a great Friday!!
One of the best out in the game!!!
Winter is a killer when the sun goes down.
i know. everybody loves it ;)
This Full Moon can screw off man
hm, just signed off an email with "ps. fuck yea". looked good and made sense. might make it part of my signature.
haha it's not it's cracked up to be.
thanks for the love primita!!! Did Tia tell you the details? Specifically the gender? Bet you cant guess LOL
There is always that one boy that you wish he would notice you one day.
May or may throw up during this final. May the ATOC gods be in my favor.
that's more like it!!
People say they have alots of firends. But really are enemies trying to see your bad move.
First H&M didn't have online shopping, so I get there and they don't have what I want...
Thanks so much! I'm happy to find Susty Life as well!
thanks for the follow!
oh dear, that sounds rough. Ive been sleeping al day.
S/O to my new follower FWM folk
in real life it all sucks
RT The turn out at was a huge success tonight. We have people from switzerland, Israel, Bulgaria.
Wow, Dick Clark just died of a massive heart attack.
No worries man! Right now the best advice I can give you is get yourself on some production sets or into a film internship!
I like that! :)
as they usually do. More surprising is that they didn't have the first pick this year. They also rep Calipari...
Quote: "The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want." Ben Stein
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters. Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
What a Laugher, ha ha ha ~ Jerry Seinfeld is now on Twitter ! Way to go Jerry!
Manufacturing PMI hits 2012 high in April
The converstaion I just had with >>>>>>>
Follow a down ass Chica ---->
#inaghettohouse you don't talk back to your mom cause she'll beat your ass
lmao Kenny is an idiot
Got paint samples of possible colors for the kitchen remodel. Painted wall with one, found it exactly matches current paint.
We. Pay a premium to live here, but it's worth it, especially on a day like today.
u could try ginger tea
I would love that. This needs to happen.
The Ones I Took At Joy House
Quit being a d-bag.
vote with your feet, so they say.
Then we could collect royalties! LOL! RT : I love hearing live music but i wish they were playing apples & oranges
2/3 ain't that bad! and I still have one whole day to do it so
car got towed with my wallet in it. might be the last night I'm not in prison because I'm fixin to homicide someone tomorrow
CONGRATULATIONS to my wonderful daughter and all her amazing teammates and awesome coaches!
I feel like you should know I'm in Claremont
#NowPlaying "Make Music, Give It Away" by
Who needs tickets to our show on wednesday at studio 21???
New York and New Jersey in January. Nice.
The people at started calling my roommate and I "Franklin & Bash."
Pretty good night overall!
One year ago today, we were still only six hours into it.
spend some time with me in South Florida and I'll show you strange!!! lol. And if ya single, ya won't go back single
3pm and I'm only having lunch now.
Love is all you need.....and ONE DIRECTION!
Ohh shut up
who is that in regards to? U or someone else?
that deserved a beast mode
Exercising my fantastic procrastination skills...and tomorrow I'll demonstrate my remarkable ability to sleep on planes.
turn on cubs game for 8th. turn it off 10 minutes later, sigh.
Politics doesn?t make strange bedfellows--marriage does.
Thank you JB!
nothing like losing a perfectly toned tweet to a bonehead spelling error.
b/c now everyone will now how many circles you belong to since admin added it to all our shop pages :/
FACT: children are more likely to complete school with their fathers involved in the teaching! Especially minority children!
she might want to get that mole checked out
MCA I wanna offer my love and respect til the end...
cool. Exciting to see pics. You like that show too? Neat. Lead is a Second City alum (as am I).
My co workers know me so well <3
Wise words from a gentelman <3 RT : Love is the greatest feeling in the world if you have the right person to spend it with.
Final workout of the year and it went out with a bang! Ultimate Cardio Body does it every time guaranteed!
I just needed the link to share with an online meeting of Wikipedians going. But the site won't work on Chrome or ie. :(
prez & founder of was included in the cover story 50 Best Tips of 2011 - All About ROI Magazine...
Philadelphia here I come!
How did I miss this? Amazing.
Great to hear!! We hope your having a great trip!
RT : Marc Smith on arts, funding, and education: "It's the mentality in this country that has to change"
Its actually not freezing in 203 central today
why u telling all of twitter my buddnus~
lol! my hair really DID go with that painting didn't it!?
thank you for always being there for me...you know who you are....
If you ever have a falafel craving in the U-District... Aladdin Falafel Corner. So good.
you sir are a speech innovator
Some days I want to walk around with a giant sign on my forehead that says, "be nice to me. I'm a collaborator, not a competitor."
Thank you to everyone for attending the 14th Annual Irish Stroll! The BPD, Baltimore Station and all of our partners Thank U too!
Thelin on troubled colleges: "the painful discovery was that an annual budget marked by a deficit was the most philosophical of documents."
Nick at Night throwbacks! highlights of my summer #Slime #Kenan&Kel
is finally tweeting <3
We appreciate the #FF, Hope you had a delicious Friday the 13th.
Give Otto the ball!!
yea i think i saw u inside then outside after and it was epic! i got to c and and go to the bar with them=]
them crazy
It's starting to sound like follows
We're fools whether we dance or not, so we might as well dance. ~Japanese Proverb
idk if I can I have a final that day! :/
Hey good luck with that! lol
#jealous cos i talk to aliens and
Kim Clijsters Injury: Belgian Tennis Star Will Skip French Open to Focus on Wimbledon, Olympics
Chocolate Wasted!!!
my bad... Just realized how old that last post was lol
#YouKnowShesTheOne when she doesn't lick her plate at dinner.
First NYC snow! Blah!
(he picked Arsenal to win today) uh oh....
you're home? YAY!!!
Is there a game today? I must have missed all the hype
All the boys are falling in love with girls who don't know what's up
I know I'm not supposed to listen to words people say about me, but I'm sick & tired of my sibs treating me like trash! Shit's gettin old.
The moment when you realize that you just can't do it anymore. You can't hold in the tears You can't keep a fake smile. You just can't...
EVEN IN THE 10 YEAR OLD SOFTBALL GAME I JUST UMPIRED THAT'S NOT A STRIKE.
Happy Monday!!! ~ Jake
What about bringing AVB into ? I thought he did well at Chelsea...
if you want to klill some brain cells, go right ahead & watch it ! lol
2 Bitter, 1 Brown...bring on Autumn.
I saw Tyler hart and seth the morning after lol .. they were lookin a lil rough..
Bisons game with Reb! But judging from the score, we must be bad luck.
They said it was it didn't show a personal experience. Admittedly, I'd abbreviated my horrible experience to "ugh." ;)
New single coming in a minute. "The Genius / The Madness" coming monday
Happy Sounders FC Opening Day!
It's almost time to smooch the pooch!!!
There are 1 million people jogging here. I've never seen anything like it. I'm in a jogger traffic jam.
#Earthquake 5.78 hits #Mexico City - Funny how compared to the last one people are calling it "light"
Its so god damn hot it here
PLease follow me :o)
needs to be soon but we have bike night now on Wednesdays, but I think I could skip for some handsome mugs.. Karaoke?
no ill give you yours back today
I mean That was a close one
Wy the hell am I still up?
Dada life tonight ! I need to catch some z's so I can get my rage on!
It's nice waking up and having nothing to study.
My manicure lady just told me that she thought I was 10 years younger than my actual age. Someone is getting a good tip
#gamedev 's hit me up for
I'm 9 minutes in. It pales in comparison to last week (which I thought was surprisingly good).
Rocky Road >>
I never get to ask any questions. I'd like to think I'm so exciting is the reason I get stuck in interview-mode in those times
Why is it that someone has to be a hater if they don't like they stuff? You suck Nigga get over it
if I wanted someone like you, id be with you who am I with? Leave me TF alone dude. Hop off my shit.
The rolled out the red carpet tonight for my friend's son, who has cancer.
Giving Chia Seeds a whirl
I always be sharing my money....
You said it! RT : That loss hurts more than losing by 30points!
Are you seeing Ozzy tonight? Keep the party going afterward with drinks at the Orange Iguana!
There were 31 entrants in today's noon $140 buy in tournament. ($125/15). The top 5 places get paid, first is $1488.
asks us to listen to words we use and find at least 2 words that hold us back from realizing a true regenerative system
this book has a ton of profanity ! ( ; Haha.. Smh
i hate dreams they make me think too much
Lol my battery dead
I would like to give you a shopping spree, not make you win it.
Thanks. Glad you all liked them. Happy Birthday Jenny!
Thanks :) Dis like the video if you could. I dont really get enough hate these days :/
This is the greatest moment of your life and you're off somewhere, missing it...
Please explain your comment about Pope Benedict?
A dream starts as a thought; and it's nurtured, achieved and sustained. Then we go back in our minds for more work."
Made great new friends and I'm growing my new business
on-the-real
Sitting at work.. working, and listening to Pandora... "It's So Hard To Say Goodbye to Yesterday!"... #i miss you daddy! 😪
Rough morning... and I didn't even watch the
The believe today's question is: Are You Ready For Some Football?
Typos may happen but spelling still matters, people! My poor eyes! My poor head!
Believe it or not, watching shitty tv on a Friday night can be therapeutic.
confirms coming next week. plz don't freakout. it's good friday!
How lovely!
True! Though we can just reload the latest photo/image we want users to see as an option RE: photos app
calm down it wasn't about you.
relevant, timely and easily assessible
ppl are fake on twitter you say, umm yeah so when I come off as a pathetic loser know I am cool and successful in real life...
I'm so blessed, fridge is full and place to live that is safe. A few good ppl I trust and love and the love of God.
Unbelievable workout today!! My arms are starting to not look like a girls.
He mentioned AFTER the Redskins traded up with the Rams?
morning bae, how was your weekend?
Don't wait for the perfect moment, take the moment you have and make it perfect...
On my way home now. I got lucky.
The days when u are so tired u can't move
#BurritoSpoiler RT : Pisses me off when my burrito is wrapped badly
Someone... Not gonna say names here, pooped in the woods today....
that's your phone...wow ariannananaa
My feeling this AM learning that "Adolph" Santorum lost MI & AZ was exactly same as hearing Bin Laden had been executed.
Given I have the will power to stop drinking beer or at least less of it, how do you lose a beer gut? I just realized how much I hate mine!
Good to see NC State getting some love on today. interviews with and Bobby Mack
our Atlanta Fanfest is 1 mile from the Atlanta airport, w/ free shuttle service running every 20 minutes - DM w/ any questions!
Joe's Bakery Biatch.
#ThingsIDislike; my dad thinking he knows everything. YOU DONT. Not all guys are looking for sex, just to let you know...
It took me to reach 45 to learn how to say "NO" and not feel guilty!!! more no's to come! Praise God
Agree! I enjoy both of your tweets!
RT:it's better to let a man walk away from you than all over you. Why risk losing your dignity over someone who doesn't respect it?
Having a great day? It's a beautiful day in #NYC, Jase. Thank you for checking in on Foursquare!
Me too!
Summer vacation is just around the corner and I know my family will be traveling. Suitcases are hard to store and take up a lot of...
Tuesday is VIP night at the Scholars Inn--1/2 price appetizers for all VIP members! We hope to see you there.
Throwing fertilizer at people that need to grow up
Happy New Year's Eve my Friends!! Drink good, drink lots & be safe!! Cheers! #HappyNewYear, #Wine,
#edgars for teen winner is dandi Daley mackall for The Silence of Murder
life isnt like burger king, you can't always have it your way.
I live that fun little bike in your tweet :). I want that!
My eyes won't stop watering . Omfg.
Adventurous chocolate lovers: come in for some of San Francisco's Fearless Chocolates. What will they think of next?
Quote from last night - "You know why I LOVE this place? Because for 8 bucks I get a fabulously delicious meal!" Great job
Ready to get home n relax
you don't know him. Haha lol :)
Trivia is at 9:30pm every Wednesday. You should head down next week!
#BrewersTailgate, classic Milwaukee day with ! Go brew crew!
if its coming from you there is no doubt it's pretentious. Duh.
I have a nebbiolo bianco that fits that mold too. I had it at a tasting and didn't love it, but couldn't leave it behind.
Leaning about tourism and geospatial technologies from
That's crazy as hell.
I'm about to go pay this $800 fine and my checks have baby farm animals on them
if interested, email w/ resume
I'm curious for sure...keep me posted if you go!
RT you never give up but you give all you have to keep life and goals In tack and for that you have ambition pride self respect for anybody
Anyone have an unused jungle gym playset they'd like to donate to a foster family? I have a friend looking for one.
Sitting in the airport waiting to fly home to Boston.
wish more of my friends would step up their twitter game... the mini feed gets way too boring
#njaslconf11 Kathy Dempsey: Libraries are about personal connections Very clear finding in the NJASL study centered on valuing help
That was a much needed 3-day weekend
Found while reading advice about web design: "Content should observe correct english." Like capitalization rules?!
Hey, check us out! We have really good recordings :]
I seen a music player that looks identical to the iPod touch. It's called Samsung galaxy player. Really Samsung?
sights on tour with ten D??? Sweet! Balty on the tour stops?
Related story: 57% of North Carolinians are total bastards.
Trying to get to 400....he's a boy belieber! And he's really sweet you won't regret it :)
ty glad you liked my tweet
I think there's a reason why they say love is blind, heck, look at my teachers!!!!! How da heck did she get married???!!!!!
Sentence lost at an FAA meeting, goes by:“Glory be to us when each has a drone and a parcel of airspace from which to spy and see see see!”
Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 – Faire un Hard Reset | Android ...
Thanks Bobby! I may catch you at Chez Guirgis tomorrow night.
On our way to #alamw12... I hope the booth is magically setup without us.
couldn't find the white out strip, not the liquid the tape like strip
I should write a book on how to make koolaid
Love my lil bro he a lil me
I found the great arrangement of Queens' 'Angie' which people sang if I introduce my name, :D.
I watched "Being Elmo" last night. It was extremely good. Check it on Netflix!
Do you agree or disagree? I think there is some truth here, marketing via #socialmedia watered down
The jokes were the best of the #sheenroast tonight....the Dunn joke was harsh but it's a roast for the love of God! Amy you rock
they love asking dumb questions.
I just unfollowed so many people, I went from following 1,000 and some to 316. Lmfao, this took forever.
Just to say this to all ppl who like games Megaman10 is the best 8 bit game ever to exist i like the others but 10 wins does anyone know
Baked quiche for brunch with no smoke alarm activity. This is an improvement from yesterday when the alarm shrieked at my cheesecake.
Travel safe, RT : I'm on my way and looking forward to it!
I can’t forget when I felt you It was clear to me that I need you. <333
So Prado and Ugla homer and now we are down one with another out still to go!
Lead actor Ray Milland is one of Noir's legends & his portrayal of an alcoholic in The Lost Weekend was arguably the pinnacle of his career.
what were those sticks u give your pups? Bully sticks?
I was just going to message you the same thing! I'm leaving tomorrow for Vegas too - looking forward to it! Have a safe trip!
I'm a Muslim please dont hate me :,(
Im not 100% sold, but I say Wahle/Rivera 1ofBest OG pairs RT : Does Tauscher/Clifton rank as 1 of the best tackle tandems in history?
#FF Visit a Museum Edition!
Awesome quotes on your page! I hope you are doing great!
has a # 1 seed ever lost 3 home games ?
Had my workout with shotta! About take a shower then get ready 4 Class!
We got to this point by listening to & caring about the people Walker has hurt & neglected. Do it again, please.
Can't wait! Why is this day going so slowly?! RT I am SO EXCITED for my lady-date with TheSingleship tonight!!
RT : JFK issued an edict forbidding Civil War reenactments on federal lands during the ACW Centennial. Fascinating
I don't why you think my bitch care .. No she don't give two fucks.. But she does care about me!
Stand with farmworkers and tell to pay 1¢ more per lb for tomatoes. via
bad acting!
Good morning, just waking up on the west coast.
But The Scream is such a GREAT piece ! Don't u feel like that guys sometimes? I woulda paid if I had the $$$.
no rice in this bachelor pad. any other suggestions?
I can never stay mad at ..
I think he's going beyond the typical DJ role by singing horribly over the song. This, I believe, is actually karaoke
Is everyone having a great Texas Independence Day?! Yeeha, y'all.
out Diversepopgroup and vote for our video! Thanks!
I hope you have an amazing time in Miami :) don't forget the crew <3
Endy Chavez had on the road bating helmet. Mistake?
Hi Craig, We would want to talk to you about the goals of your marketing. Give us a call soon.
What to do tonight.
So apparently we don't give tests in middle school anymore.
Thanks man for spreading the wuurd! Glad you like the app.
i could transform yeaa.
missin out on a catch
RT Clinton: When you have a monopoly on customers and revenue streams, you have no incentive to improve.
RT : In 3 months I will be enjoying a cold beer at and all will be right with the world!...
#CharityTuesday check out the wonderful work of , & - Keeping the arts alive for all children!
prom to match them but i wish i didnt have to work soo you could see themm.
Praise the Lord for His love and sacrifice so that we might serve Him in this life and be with Him in the next.
send the chiefs some luck sunday
I mean at least we didn't lose to the 8th seed... all I'm saying
Oh lol thanks
lets do it
I need a grub in my life
So much talent..Young and experienced lets say...
don't move and maybe they wont see the cheeseburger... Oh yeah! It worked!
Thanks new follows! Crap, now I have to make good on my promise
good my brother!! How are you!
Damn lmao my name be in every body mouth at fountain like damn aha make a book for me why don't you :)
excellent :) Sweet dreams!
ready to watch the amazing race?
here's hoping the teens are just a little better than the oughts. Onward to 2011 and beyond!!!
thank you bro
Thanks for voting for YST!
Today was very lonely, my night better be slamming!!!!!
what happened to thae berfaced shit.. cowards kill from afar
Told my mom my grade in history & she was all proud, then I told her my grade in Altakali, & she got all mad lol
headie is always invited!
I know this from last year! #lol RT : Cuz if u talk shit to me I will treat u. I'm a shit talker and I hurt feelings
I CAN'T SPELL INDEPENDENT WITHOUT SINGING THE SONG!!! LMAO
Congrats on the funding. We're looking forward to continued innovation!
THANKSSO MUCH FOR LISTENING!!
I better go get me. Cup of joe
Feelings fade, memories become a blur.. and you eventually realize that there's nothing you can do to stop it.
Oh. That's probably where she was born, but she grew up in South Side Jamaica, Queens, NY. Oh well!
I got so much love 4 my girl is a TRUE fan & has their back - u guys deserve a lot of respect!! great game!
RT : Fun Fact: San Jose to SF = 48 miles. B'more to DC = 39 miles. We should work together = unified tech region
District 17 Sen Dem is Werk. Good luck with that, Judy. hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
Happy Platypus Day? ... Seriously?! O.O
Boys off to the gym. Time to get in gear and walk the dogs.
yo just DM'd u a PDF. lemme kno if u able 2 get it
did you hit him ( whoever it was)? How was the show? Sorry we didn't make it. Took longer than expected at
wow u seem really cool maybe we can be friends??(:
Miss you too friend! My sis and I are road tripping up next month, we should catch a Twins game (just to see the park obvs)
Note to self: after fucking up your day by watching "Grizzly Man", it's probably not a good idea to follow it up with "Project Nim." Idiot.
wait, is that not accurate?
What do you mean breakfast martinis aren't a thing??
you too! Very well, thanks. Stop by and see us some time.
Onew is in America right now, and I'm still 1,000 miles away from him. This isn't the reality that I wanted.
In-n-out was not part of the new years resolution. But if we have to I'll enjoy it with
#RenFaire is happening. Oh yes, it its happening.
holy shit!! i do kinda look like her! loll
u know we love u to!!!
This summer will be MORE fashion. MORE news. MORE DC. Stay tuned!
A "No Scrubs" interlude on "Art Is Hard" just made my night
LAKERS! We pulled it off!!! (We have a lot of work if were gonna beat OKC) GO LAKERS!!!
I had an "L" sticker on my shirt all day. It stands for lucky.
10: I whip my hair back & forth. 16: I pass my blunt back & forth. 30: I drive my kids back & forth. 80: I rock my chair back & forth.
ok tumblr is fudgin amazin ...and crazy...letz just say people are fearless there lol:)
he keeps pushing it back! I want it too! I need it.
Dance party in driveway #disturbingthepeace hahaha
Thanks for leaving me out of breakfast, guys.
I ain't tryna start nothing, but I'm definitely tryna finish it..
Damn she takin all day
hehe im just lovable!
Yes we do print films, film prices are now listed on the website...these are film separations for screen printing.
JVSV State of the Valley conference keynote by Hon. Richard Daley. OK speaker, great arm twister.
That would be me. :)
Let the games begin <3
First Will Middlebrooks and now Daniel Nava. Why don't the Red Sox just call up everybody from Pawtucket before I see them Friday. Ugh.
Maurice Sendak died today. I'm incredibly sa.d
Good Morning! I've been up all night creating a cool surprise for you all! I'll publish it later today....Keep watching!!!
I got your number on the wall
well if you can reco a good shoe cobbler and a lamp fixer. I'm in need of both of those.
oh my god she is the cutest thing ever. So so cute. How do you handle everything in your life? Ah-mazing.
Stats on stats on stats on stats on stats
Great event Mark, thanks! RT At the 5Star Chamber Social Media Training with presenter Jay Johnson from
"This too shall pass" Positive thoughts and love to all the hurricane riders on the East Coast! #hurricane irene
Just added Jiu Jitsu to the class schedule. Great class tonight!
I eventually got rid of one...
It's follow Friday peeps!
with tebow and Jesus the broncos will not lose another game
Got a good YOUR STORIES Report for tonight on 13WHAM News at 6...deals with a Perinton Couple & raw sewage
or that awkward moment when you forget to insert a word like "when" lol
Baby, why don't we just dance?
can't wait, would like to see you get another win!
that's exactly something I think I need! Thanks so much for your generosity
This day - love it :)
“: haha he did! he came to the party!” Funniest thing I've ever heard in my life!
Too soon after JOYFUL NOISE, I'm guessing.
nice! what camera did you use?
Thanks for tweeting a link to a Mellen Press book. Arthur Scholar.
Yeah, I could tell I was having too good a time with that~
Shopping results for anchoring+kit - anchoring kit
I agree 100% you're doing an outstanding outstanding job !!!
heh :) actually we have zero ulta's in nyc! how lame is that!?
So frustrated with the #rangers right now
That's an important Q. Also funny to consider that the "corridors of power on C st." include Grab & Go and a Ross.
Brandon I'm still waiting for the video of me and heather please <3
Don't miss the best special in at midnight $1 Blue Moons for 15minutes.
You looked stunning in your peacock costume on KTLA! Can't wait to see u friday at Colony with
I hate that all these guys are up my ass right now and I feel like shit. Like I dont wanna chill until I feel pretty Kay? Fuck.
Oh, you are way too cool for my hood.
stronger than we were before yeah, maybe somethin more yeaaahh. think that we got more time. when we're fallin behind....
About the only thing that comes to us without effort is old age. -Gloria Pitzer
While DC dithers, KY's small businesses owners like my friend Joe Graviss are doing their part to whip this recession.
What is Seakitten?
lookin 4 a studio in columbus, oh...any suggestions?
Hi, all. I work as a temp reference librarian at a community college while looking for permanent employment.
Follow my best friend
Monday September 7th finally the season begins. Cincinatti= Victim Number 1
“: Which team, if any, can beat the Heat in a seven game series?” the are the team to beat, NOT the Heat!
Must do next week Sadies, Los Cuates, Marias, Lucky Bowl, Isotopes game, Nuclear Museum, Explora, the Rio Grande Zoo and a balloon ride.
The quickest way to loose the battle over some bull, stack being foolishly unreasonable with rage. NspiredBy Proverbs 27: 3
remember our cubs Saturday a few years back?
congrats man. Good run
Wake talking stuff
I thought Brooks Reed played just as much a part in that sack as Antonio Smith. Give cred to the rook.
Stress sucks. I need to get this job and get out of the house. I have too much thinking time..
Wow, great game! Go Niners!
Oh dear Lord. Kim Kardashian is recording an album.
#irallstars How much time do you spend marketing IR? Ramirez: 110% at each new phase launch. Royster: less time now that IR is well known.
Every time I think I can finally go to sleep, Lundqvist, Holtby, or those damn red pipes keep shutting the door on that idea
You know... it takes a special kind of stupid to fuck up voicemail.
i cannot wait to meet you at teen hoot<3(:
Yuppers! :) RT : Angela "I only cheer for Georgia sports teams during playoffs or bowl games" Hong
come to the gate room
Time flies when you're doing absolutely nothing
Hey friends!! Just 15 minutes left for 29, come get your poster art lasties before we close down!
NAP has found your previous reviews honest and full. The review of I AM breaks from that. NAP wonders about this.
I wish i can take guitar lessons D: but its cost to much D:
Wuthering Frights: Bronte moor&#39;s £12m wind farm moves a step nearer
I would fade it but I'm performing lounge
will be in La in march for meetings... need to meet up
den er flot!
shout out to Branch #606 in Rockville MD Irian, Soo and Elizabeth showed me the way to the Virtual Wallet! Thanks Ladies!
RT My sculptures are green, and they make an incredible impact on any workspace. My work is a great statement for corporations.
Thanks sir!
What if you take a chance? What if I learn to love? what if we start again?
RT : Yay! mentions Spokane Historical as an example of innovative public engagement!
Standing on my new stage doing an interview for 60 Minutes next season- cannot believe this tour is about to start!!!! E!!!
Tonight i make tender lovins to my friends.
That's all my opinions for now. This year most of the critically acclaimed films got limited releases so I haven't seen many of them
Today was so great.
my bike still safe? What if brew goes past 3am??!?!?
Clarify-as of now...hey might get to see Tiger tomorrow after all....cut projected at even, and so is Tiger
so cute! Great idea!!!
uh yes, it beast.(:
need my feet rubbed.
IF fans: What's the most recent live performance that you've been to?
For the new follows thank you, I do follow back. Have a Great Day!!
it's okay. He'll do the right thing.
not soon enough lol
Fairfax County Democrats renamed its annual fundraiser from Jefferson-Jackson to Eleanor and Franklin Roosevelt Dinner, held in my district.
Two words: #Percolator Coffee
Request our monthly newsletter & receive valuable graphics design information, special offers & more! Send e-mail to:
It would be hard to believe if you're not the mayor yet
Do people tell couples they're cute just to be nice? I feel like they do. Haha
Mourning the loss of 's sharing function. What other feed aggregators does everyone use?
a billion hits is what i'll get
My sleeping schedule is so off!! #SringBreak (:(: it happens(;
I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly
All I care about are my
whispering is risky business
THANK you so much everyone for the book birthday wishes! Made it out of my meeting in one piece :)!
RT Old age is no place for sissies. <---so true!! Preach sista!!
Joshua kept calling the Patriots the "Pastries" ... I think I finally got him straight ...
so much for the NY Media Bias.
lmao if you say so!
I'm cool with the Pacers haters on the TL now (cough cough). But I can't stomach the LeBron fans. How do you root for him?
Wow what kind of a friend are you I trusted you and you turn around my back and do this to me that is actually a back stabber!<|3
my last day at 9news starting my own business 321 media productions
Cliff Lee is throwing a bullpen session. It's his first since he strained his left oblique. -- Todd Zolecki ()
Future: they want to add an evaluation component but for customized content rather than grading.
Yeah, tough pattern we're in...will be several days, most likely...
ok whatever. i'll just keep smiling. get me the hell out of dodge.
Beautiful day for the #MilnesWedding @
I guess thats life.
But you drew a Billy Blanks?
I'd want you around all the time
Thanks for the follow! Keep the social media content coming, I really enjoy the education.
3 rounds of Tiger Woods 2010, my shoulder aches, but it's worth it
Free education and training for all students to have equal opportunities in all schools, colleges, universities, etc for training.
you must be excited!
Starting the youth delegates meeting at the National League of Cities with the president of the NLC, Ted Ellis!
SAME HERE. I barely moved at the end of January & I mean I've made "friends" but I've yet to have like a real friend :/ haa
So excited for to come home!
haha good point, but waking up with it blah
Theater's flooded evidently.
Hope you are going to stop by Nemo's next Sat for our 25th Annual Babe Ruth Party
Want to visit Hawaii Norwegian has great deals including airfare! Come sail away on Norwegian Pride Of America! Details contact me!
“No goal is too high if we climb with care and confidence” - Truett Cathy
Wishing a very Happy Birthday!!!! (thanks again, for the heads up!;)
Happy birthday Edward Gorey!
Cultural Id, Comm Building, Economic Impacts, Conservation, Edu, Smart Growth; hist pres is important in Manatee BCC workshop today
BUT now my email.Text field is blank. Why is it blank? It's on a button click, I'm so confused. It's the SAME code that works elsewhere.
Um okay this is great too! I'm laughing hard about a lot of the stuff. Props to my boy John Camalick!
or accepting the fact ur going to die when ur home alone and u hear a noise
Big things ahead! Gn :)
"E Street Shuffle." too cool.
Eating a lick 'em stix. Cherry, Grape & Apple w/2 stix. I love this kind of candy!
does soulija boy even have $55 million? seriously
I still have mine set up and play Diddy Kong Racing and star fox 64 all the time haha!!
Welcome back from Spring Break! Need something fun to look forward to? We'll be posting about some great upcoming GSO events very soon!
(Via ) Now I want pizza. -Then pizza u should have! ...in small portions & infrequently. Sorry.
TRIBECA DIARY: Drank 2 many muddled mint drinks at Macau. Ate hors d'oeuvres from ceramic asian spoons. dipped toe in festival vibe.
#vsa2011 great perspective:we so often talk about the end user,spend little time talking about infrastructure to support Bilingual Capacity
Seeking a rental location for FN2S summer B-Ball league. If you or anyone you know has a location, send an email to
#40dollars is probably the largest increment in my personal spending for the last 2 years of being a student.
I've never waited until the last min to get a costume. Can't believe this line at Ricky's. Note to self: never actually cut someone's hair.
I walk up in the club wit a hunnit bands all girls hit the floo and do they money dance.
About to go on stage. Excited about the 3rd night of the show! 5 more to go this and next week!
Also just "discovered" something called "His Satanic Majesty as a Cowboy from Science Fiction." #totalassaultontheculture!
We really should be able to log these online chat hours as PD. : )
COME JOIN THE ROCKSTAR BOYS @ CABO THIS AND EVERY SUNDAY THE PARTY HAS A NEW HOME!
what is your user name!
you eventually will haha
Ha! I try to bludgeon at least once a week. It's very therapeutic. You should try it. :) Getting excited for your book release?
Braves win in dramatic fashion! Brian wilson chokes...
Open at 9am for march madness and st pattys! Happy hour all day,no cover charge,live music and cold beers
wow standup comedy?!!! u must tell me all about it! my friends r trying to convince me but idk about that lol
Living up to your expectations is a good feeling
