miss you too! we needa go to a show! :)
Press that button please! :) #SHOUTOUT #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Must Follow
Dear Republicans. You want smaller goverment but want to tell me how I should live my life? Makes no sense. Stay out of my bedroom.
lol are you like that in school
Tonights such a weird night..... but it was still amazingly awesome...
U ever noticed dat big girls hve the longest hair, best credit, good jobs an dey shade u in da summer an keep u warm in the winter aye.
Ashton Kutcher (Dude, Where's My Car?) was the first Twitter person to have more than 1,000,000 followers.
Oswego's graduation tomorrow. Congrats Matt Miller, love you!
Have I told you lately that I love you??
another monster game...awesome! Only on pace for 48 sacks...ha! Go Pack!
Sadly I think so to. RT : My prediction: this weekend, more Americans will follow Lopez/Anthony divorce than the #debt ceiling...
Hopefully today's a good day :)
“: Waiting on my chicken tenders, yum yum yum.” I'm tempted to eat them :X
DC is a little different than every other city in America. I'm in the heart of downtown and the closest coffee shop is a about mile away.
Too bad we won't get to see/hear it!!! Even though we will be there.
whats your natural eye and hair color?
Everyone return my play doh before I piss on all of you
He doesnt think so, but in visiting him anyways
looks like she is more interested in her phone than you. ;)
I know ima get some before we head to the airport
haha i thought you would say that :), no i would have done that!
McClellin goes 19th to the #Bears! Yes.
The injury of V-Mart torn ACL. Who do they fill that hole with now? That's a big hole. Avg tix at #Tigers: $44
Having a craptaculus morning, time to listen to sing "Coming Up" from #Gethimtothegreek to shake it off.
there are generally a lot of changes that must be made that the artist and recording engineer can't see making.
#edshow Mangled Socialist-News Broadcasting Co. breaks Journalistic mold by creating ALTERNATE REALITY.
To qualify to win a "SML Optimization Package" you simply Like the page, join the "Free Optimization Contest" and share! It's that easy!
RT : at RT : Ok, It´s time to pitch for me now. What´s your advice? Where should I do it?
I would've tweeted something profound but eh...I miss my wife... work on Monday, yippie.
is glad to be working from home today because Atlanta drivers can't deal with wet roads (or dry ones for that matter)!
well can Ku pull it off?
They proud of a 7 game series dub lol. They out 2nd round.
Love your song good Sir.
what shouldn't we do on this beautiful day??? #sundayfunday .. Considering jumping on top of you to wake yo ass up!
here come the PAC 10 champs
Why do women have mid-life crises? Because Phil and Oprah say they're supposed to.
Vidal: The Chamber supports the bill because "we believe that our entire community benefits" - not just the students
Why does convincing your parents to do something have to be so difficult?
good for Andy Hillenburg. The Rock is a classic and should not have been abandoned. Just look at attendance around NASCAR...
Nice win. Called it on Friday. Hope you had fun in Seattle and made it back safely. Best of luck next week at Stanford. *cough*
I love your new cover of Only Girl in the world. You sound beautiful. Wait you are beautiful ♥
GOD MORNING !!!!!! and POOF I go .. Busy weekend
I saw it before. Same guy as the other rant.
All offices in Baltimore should do a NIT bracket pool this year.
dude, I still rock out to cruising' far too often than I should. I mean, it's also HUEY LEWIS. So good.
Haha... no one who grew up in San Diego RT What do you have a hankerin for?!
LOL. 😊 I'm dead serious doe.
& i dont even need your love , but you treat me like a stranger & that feels so rough =/
What I've found is that the cheaper you can make a ticket, the more people are happy to pay.
Good Morning Tweetie Birds ; Gym Bound : )
#gslisui MS '09, currently working as a special collections (cataloging) librarian
My goal was to have over 1000 followers by Aug 2011 its been 6 months and I still got 600+ guess this what I get for never going on.. Fml
Right so wass wrong with you
glad i'm able to answer one of life's difficult questions for you.
If gluten-free people call ahead (say, a day's notice), we are often willing to make crustless Key Lime Pie.
up this time everyday. Coffee is a must !
You would like to help the foundation of Cats?
really hoping you're not in a GMT time zone ;-)
Just made snicker doodles. The family loves them. Do u?
bold. What team do you play for?
#bertuzzi with a DIME
Stone IPA. Not wine, but a good local brew.
BrittBratt__ Tell me why this girl Maci off teen mom has half black / half blonde hair ???
I haven't had a cigarette in 2 weeks. I might stab you if you cross me.
Clients trying to reach me...gmail is down please directmessage me here. I'm setting up a secondary email so you can send your designs.
Starbucks announced they will start selling beer and wine. Apparently, they've run out of sober people to sell their $9.00 cups of coffee to
Perfect day for some bocce!
So i just realized i was sending those as my tweet status...wtf.... mah bad..maybe i have to type ur name first lets test.
How do you overcome anxiety about your debt problems?
are you viewing the sky from the bus you hate?
I know surprising! I moved to MO right after the 4th in 2007 and moved to NOLA right before the 4th in 2008. So not yet!
Good morning!! How's your Wednesday so far?
I get paid too much to quit what I'm doing and do something I really like.
Thanks for the follow We're excited about offering D-Tech's #RFID & SelfCheck solutions to customers!
At this point I just don't even care.
At the Georgia MEA convention. They love the Brio! Flute with the Sheridan head down in these here parts!
Congrats to the Pirates! I hope they can keep the momentum going.
Lost an hour @ Black Fox Lounge w/ Craig Horness & Tom Story, but totally worth it! Happy DST, folks!
Rachel since when did u cover NBA games?
that sounds terrifying.
yes. really bad turnover by NCState didn't help them, though.
Romans Revenge aahahaha what bout roman in moscow why I keep bringing up her 1st album we talkin bout this new flop album
Do you ever tweet anything that isn't argumentative?
"Young fellow, how conceited you are! You do not listen when I speak. Your heart is denser than a great obelisk, a hundred cubits high."
It was fun connecting with three Austin area dance studios this week. Met some great studio owners and students! Nice to teach live again...
Rate Please and i am the second one to the left!! fyi
Vegan-ism is great for people who hate food and themselves. Also, meat is murder. Tasty, tasty murder.
thanks for following, Allison! Joshua had very nice things to say about you and your awesome editing abilities today!
Please don't go with the Lions!!! Stay with the !!!!
A recent study said that dinosaur farts significantly warmed the climate.
join the art and history gang and follow
was in google +...until my computer crashed :(
I will be on a patio somewhere the next two nights after work!!
Having computer issues all week, now staring at the chat trying to figure out what is going on...schedule check fail
Cumberbatch is playing Khan.
You're crazy! (and I love it.)
i am listening to it non stop!!!
can't.sleep.
it was fun :p lol haha
alright then u can scoop me at 830 for drinks
I think I'm going to have to ask other people that more often!
We've uploaded photos from today's sing-a-long. 's attack on #freespeech won't last.
haha yeah how would I know that !? Fuck! party don't mean sex bro! I'm such a creeper!
Happy New Year! Come party with Vegas' Hottest Showgirls to ring in the new year right! We're here 'til 6am...
OK, I forgot 充分必要条件 . thanks.
The awkward moment when you go somewhere in basketball shorts and everyone is dressed-up
DJ's/Producers - Stop making awful remixes/bootlegs of "Levels" - just let it be.
I will save the dates! I don't ski, but the slopes definitely attracted my cousin when he visited Utah!
Can't wait for the Spring dance at my school :') <3
Who wants to go see with me in DC on June 11
Seat's taken.
BEFORE I FALL by leaves me wanting more every time I shut it when I'm hopping off the subway :)
just attempted to tatt up at work.....
I'm going to finish these articles if it kills me ... well, hopefully it won't come to that.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you're a STL Cardinals or Mizzou fan
Good lookin I need some beats too
Todays session went extremely well!!
#ShoutOut to everybody who graduating today
Sweet 16 kicks off tonight; will the underdog's prevail?
Critics are angry about a photo of a young mother breastfeeding her nearly 4-year-old son on a stool on Time Magazine cover
Loved the opportunity to chat on this morning about #OneDayUnited on Sunday, May 20
Sending this in UK English: I hear what you say. It's an interesting idea & I've only a few comments, all made w/ greatest respect.
if U r on Facebook please look me up. Let's become friends, . I like the vibe. :-)
Great weather.
dad's playing a tank battle arcade game on the computer
HAPPY CHRISTMAS EVE EVERYBODY!!!!^___^
American Hospital Association: Took 2 people 3 months to overhaul AHA's Intranet and collaboration enterprise-wide
let's just freeze time right now.
Miss y'all too
Annual Pueblo Elders’ Art Market! 38 artists with beautiful work for sale. Today in the Plaza from 10a – 3p. We hope to see you there!
Going to a backyard party tonight featuring two movies under the stars. Should be stellar.
Last exam! and I have a lot of emotions.
yeah, it is haha.
Great blog post. I really enjoyed it. I'd love to hear more about what political savviness in Bmore means.Knowing the right ppl?
B. Stone & E. Williams at Aspen Inst. Ideas Festival. Future of Internet is closed groups? Note apps are not connected or searchable.
Man you wasn't wit me sitting in the gym!!! (Drake voice) LOL!!!
Registration is open for tonight's 7 pm $140 buy in ($125/15) Bounty Tournament. Sign up until 8:40 pm.
Excited to host and help them taste more than 80 different wines from over 20 Australian regions! It's one tough job but...
There was no motion to resume our seats in the temple. We therefore remained where we were, and engaged in sprightly conversation.
oh i bet .. Haha who knows what those notes say!
Totally exhausted, but we are in the new house. Still not completely OUT of the old house, but feels good to be here.
A big woman served me at McDonald's earlier and said, "Sorry about the wait." I said, "Don't worry, you'll lose that eventually."
we should both move to Portland and retire... I really think no one has a real job here.
message me : ) thankss
SOORRY LOVE IT WAS MY SISTER SHE WAS HAVING A MENTAL BREAK DOWN YESTER DAY (THE ONE WITH BRAIN CANCER)
Me too! Yes, have a wonderful week! You are a #brightspark indeed!
#TheVoice great song for James, made it his own
Books like William Gaddis' THE RECOGNITIONS actually make me wish my commute was longer. (Back to dreaming small.)
Hi ho hi ho it's off to work I go
Dear chocolate commercials, no one eats chocolate in slow motion with their eyes closed. Sincerely, normal people.
happy birthday man!!study now we will party this weekend
I want to talk about learning.But not lifeless, sterile, futile, quickly forgotten stuff...but LEARNING--insatiable curiosity...~Carl Rogers
Catch in #CNN today ! more details at 9:00 AM pacific time
So, what's the difference between an Equal Pay bake sale (sex based pricing) and an Affirmative Action bake sale (race based pricing)?
The Fountainhead, and yes I would burn it--but only my copy. I might provide (but not enforce) a bonfire for others, too
Haha, nice. "there ought to be a law"
Right when I think I understand this whole "pixels to percentages" thing, I lose an hour trying to find where my math has gone awry.
it takes 15 minutes to start a business online in
I need to buy my ticket for the 2013 ASG and SB XLVIII a-fucking-sap!
No. We haven't seen it yet. In fact, we're actually a little bit confused by it.
Is it true that dominicans & Puerto ricans hate each other ? Haha that's awkward cuz I have both in my family..
Now She So Addicted , Becausee Of What The D*ck Did.. ~
what do u mean celphone "z?
Happy Friday! Good to know those spots are being heard :) RT Happy Friday ... been hearing radio spots for your business on !
Thanks & for the thoughts on spotify vs. rdio -- going to try spotify for now :)
thanks and congrats...!!
Your game over bish gatorade wet towel
Why are you wearing a Pikachu jacket out in public. You're a dude. Stop.
reports Perry will endorse Gingrich.
hey man do you think you could get me some info on working from home, I need some scrilla.
Learning from Carr Hagerman: our work worlds are full of "too damn much." layers upon layers of programs. Preserve on what matters.
Welcome to the party! :)
me to im just sitting here following people teehee
just sent some beats
At bus stop. Fuck it's boring!!
I have a headache, prob cause I had a long day
I think my brain exploded during iOS today when you were talking about how Obj-C handles inheritance/interface - coolest thing EVER
I NEED HOT WINGS.
yes!! WE LOVE YOU JUSTIN
do you have a link for the NVGOP ustream?
At Yamada Denki (Labi) even the vacuums can be tried out. 9 floors of wonder in Ikebukuro. Still need to check out "Mobile Dream" building.
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana eifs contractors, indiana plaster contractors, indiana dryvit companies, indiana eifs companies
Thanks for the follow! Check out a few of my prezis and let me know what you think. I like your new Facebook timeline.
Watching Lord of the Rings. I love those movies,
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. ~ Leonardo da Vinci
Morris has the better match up. Scott prob only makes noise in ppr. I go Morris
can u dm me
Big City Classic at Metlife Stadium - my 1st lacrosse experience!
I love doing reviews on sites, if your interested please contact me
it smells like someone lit a booger on fire then lit a cigarette.
***AVATAR Exclusive*** Producer – A Canadian Studio –
Music is love in search of a word
Kevin's grandma sent us a card with a twenty for Easter. She's the sweetest nonagenarian ever!
Ms. exquisite, for scientific reasons, what are the 3 qualities that you seem to be attracted to without control? BE HONEST!
It'll make my upcoming IP feature a bit more timely regardless.
And those guys know that they are catty, they laugh at themselves about it.
For my #NCISLA friends: looks like the trend for tonight is #CallenvsChameleon (:
I'm dead set to make prints tonight... And watercolor cats!!!
good morning friends from Cali
Social networking is like a club. Twitter is the dance floor, tumblr is the bar and facebook is the people crying in the toilets.
Cut Copy at Turner Hall right now - then to Bad Genie for WhyB and ChrisV - $2 22oz Pabst! See you there.
are you sure we have to be there at 11:45
because they are medicated...
for #TSContest: A good relationship is a bit like a pet boa constrictor: either you feed it every day or bad things happen.
I say "and yeah" when I don't know how to finish a sentence. ;)
Haha that is right! Thanks": Happy birthday to my brother from another mother, "
I got a big headache!!!
We're the best <3
what time are the fixtures released? X
please follow back?? ❤
"Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled 'This could change your life'." -- Helen Exley
Love your music
I follow you if you are in the #NPPA and/or
your avatar are amazing haha x)
I'd just like to thank for allowing me to interview some of my favorite musicians this last week.
weird seeing you tweet that.....not bad...just weird
Couldn't agree more!!!
That's what RT's 4! lol Same person has another 1 4 PDP but can't remember name. Copies all I blocked both!
pahahaha im so slow
Hard work will get u further in life. Ur time will come & u'll look back at the hard time & laugh
Holy shit you guys are really good! I didn't even know you existed but I really like all the songs I've listened to!
TheBlindManNM thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
we r just that cool
Someone told me, a few days ago, "Fly Young is the future." I keep hearing that over & over in my head.
omg i'm out, & my phone keeps turning on itunes BY ITSELF. out of nowhere. "How many roads must a man walk down..." huh??
Thanks to all our customers and fans for a freat 40 years! Will send you information soon on a new company that can do all we did and more.
*sharpens four pencils* *hand seizes* Man, fuck hand injuries.
SY’s co-ed kickball league starts on 6/3! Email for more info.
#poziam I am done with this conversation. You obviously have no clue and sound like a racist.
Sign up for our email digest or you can get up and folk off! - The Pubbys
Lots of Irish bars claim they have the perfect pint... Wtf is a perfect pint!!!
Any interest in extending the learning at #TIES11 for one more day? Were hosting a Lunch&Learn on 12/14 in Minnetonka. Interested?
Chris Leak has entered the game for the Predators at quarterback.
Dinner alone cuz that's how I roll haha
Well rounded x
thats the true meaning of yolo . your mom is me hero .
Bizarrely, I think I might have felt the #VAquake here in Chicago. Felt like floor was wobbly under my ultra-squishy couch.
follow me
Spent days and days packing and moving out, now about to spend the next week unpacking.
Off to Madison for the Women's Health conference. . .
no problem
The Jets might actually win! Tebow's leadership may accomplish that.
how I would love to be the opener for you and Ed! Someday. Enjoy your tour. You are both amazing musicians and humans!
All so convinced that you're following your heart because your mind don't control what it does sometimes.
I love walking around and feeling like everyone I see is a colleague.
ALL Arkansas state fans and athlete follow
Thanks Steve- I am also watching when I cross the street now versus watching my iPhone. Baby steps.
One thing about me I always make a way and make my own money a lot of niggas just found a way and act like they ballin
Our live dispatch is here 24 hrs a day to process all your courier service needs. www.lonestardeliveryonline.com 877-527-5737
Road Ahead - creating awareness through health events at every location -97% participation
come into the shop!!!! get a tattoo
#PTSD #TBI and deployment count are no excuse whatsoever.
If you still need a ticket swing by Marquette AMU 137 right now!
I'm waffling on tonight too. I'm nowhere near finished with my presentation.
Until Matt Flynn's first dropback.
you know Katie -- it really is ashame that his is so unattractive. ;-)
is she ok? Lol
I love this song welcome to the black parade
this shit to e-z.
Listening to Stevie Wonder's Pastime Paradise. Forgot how genius this song was.
On today's menu: some tweeting, some Facebooking, some PPC and a side of blogging.
Crying my eyes out in #boymeetsworld :,( poor joshua
I may be a bit smaller Everytime #MyFellas come intown, and it shakes them up a bit.But they keep me going &give me LIFE.
happy to help!
Loving all the crazy football action!
Amber rose and wiz khalifa made a song together ... cute :)
didn't cry! I'm a freak. Crying us impossible!
You got me! I wouldn't wipe my ass with that movie!
TCU? Is that what Big 12's come to? At least they have good looking girls
just hammered an AP chem test. 7th period chemistry swag all around
haha! i think thts how everyone feels
ooh yeah! And it's great! I'm really loving it still! Have you started classes yet at MI?
If your heart is the strongest muscle in your body, why does it tend to break so easily?
let's talking swimming tomorrow :)
got yoooo as!!! Heard you work at fashion show now!
I realized for the first time in my life I'm actually jealous of another female,know of her but don't know her,and we follow each other
We need d wade and he trippin
| Thanks for the follow! Would love to learn more about your business!
Just like ice cube "Today was a good day" :D
I've got Slipknot's "Psychosocial" bouncing around in my brain...
I can't wait for the season of single ladies to come back on
There are no extra pieces in the universe. Everyone is here because one has a place to fill, every piece must fit itself into big puzzle.
Cake batter frangos: I recommend.
haha well, I'll try! I'm not as creative as you 😔
Suzuki Music School of Arkansas Piano Recital performs today at 1:30PM in SBCH. Public is invited & admission is free. music.uark.edu
Courage is the other side of fear...choosing courage in the face of fear can bring about positive self-change!
Your the only thing that makes sense in my life you should know im in love with you and never gonna leave..
I am so hungry now...so is Kailynn!!
Thought I saw a fat guy doing a killer air harmonica but it turns out he was just sneezing over and over.
idols biggest fan poo the guinea pig from Indiana.
Please follow me if ur #ICONIcBoyz fans!!! I wanna try to get as many followers as possible to support :D
This is what happens when I'm stuck in traffic bored
mid-winter cleaning/organizing. Getting rid of the old, making way for the new. (AKA making a huge mess of my apartment)
Not currently - will ping you when I come back! cc: et al.
I really made some bad decisions in my life, but YOU LIVE AND YOUR LEARN....
Hey, holiday #bloodybrunch attendees, dont forget to use your La vie, L'amour gift certs before they expire on 2/28! www.lavielamour.com
depends on how well I know them... if they are a friend, I totally call them out about it, just an aquaintance or friend, general...
All I know is I hope gets better before friday. I'm not spending this last week of school w.out him!
I hate daytime television
Ladies free all night this friday
Feel better a/b the OG pick in the 2nd for Carolina?
in a number of days you can also wish a happy 11:02, 11 11, 2011. I should do something important at 11:02, on the 11th. Hmm.
For everytime we lie to ourselves, the thing that we fear grows stronger
We love you Alex. <3
#RyanKennedy -- sending prayers. Please RT. #Ryan hopes to trend on twitter.
Great to meat you all! Enjoy your Wednesday.
LOL! I miss you Ellis! :)
everyone is going to crib for some soup and karaoke!
ah I have to go<3
Now that GH is not cancelled, might Jax return?
good call, I bet that's it.
Help my roommates and I settle an argument ! RT if it was CHLOE who previously did the brides piece!
When doing #tarot readings, it is important to set ethics and boundaries - and even more so to communicate those to the client in advance.
Don't worry luca your awesome u rock
thank you so much Kim!
I know! But Cake & Cupcakes get separate days, why no love for hand-pies?
In the room with the world famous hot music flowing!
I'm guessing you now want to follow me right? That's what I thought(;
|#quotes Long shots do come in and hard work, dedication and perseverance will overcome almost any prejudice and open almost any door.
I would call that progress. Sorry you are still down an ear.
mad your friends got more followers than you, and you kno the same people,lol.
You are a company man
Best pad thai in the city - with
Thank you! Glad to have you reading!
I'm so glad next week is the last full week of school.
Hope everyone has a wonderful day!
today is going by so fast.
Thanks again for taking the time to share your passion for garbage for me!
LOL... Maria Ratner is on the phone having a full blown conversation during at
I need something better to do with my life . Nah.
translates "too hot "
this upcoming tuesday?
So I guess everyone's just gonna ignore my tweets huh?
ok, confession time. Who ever called the 1-900 number the NK had back in the day? And did you get in trouble?
aww... not what my dm said
Bella Thorne tweeted you?(:
XJ Wang opened up WiMAX Congress Americas keynote. Barry West is up next!
Congrats to and Dawn Madura for winning Best of Show in Colorado Press Association contest. Huge!
seriously, come up to Vegas. Here until Saturday night at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay
I am glad that you did. :)
So I guess we got a good taste of her now? Wow. What a whiny drama queen. No problem rooting against them.
Do you believe that creating your own donation campaign would help your #startup ?
we should talk about how and can work together.
A super special thanks to Cassandra!!! She donated $25, making her a Chum Buddy! Thanks Cassandra!
You missed an awesome sermon by Sam Wells, shake the dust off, shake, shake, shake
yo how are you
The Adamouski art competition, an international opportunity for all emerging artists.
So many amazing things happened today!! So grateful for my life and the people in it 😜❤
Very cool that an #AAC app can be used on the #Nook Color via the new Android Marketplace. Way to go, Tap to Talk.
I don't think that comment can be taken in a nice way.
This mornings festivities have made me even more excited about going to MD next Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol dog in a good way. .
I'm going to answer some questions. Tweet meh!
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you find your self on your Knees suckin dick every day for free
COHO news trying to go....
oh, I see! You should do a blog. Even though I'd probably be the only one watching. Lolololol or Skype some fans
Thanks to everyone that came out on Friday. Hope you all have a good Easter! 🐰
Hi Sorry for the delayed response. I'd love to blog. I'm going to read more and get inspired. I'll be in touch.
Hey, my handwriting kind of looks like comic sans font. Am I... am I an idiot? Is that how you can tell?
The Flyers look like a team that could win the Cup, but their goalie looks like he'd rather work in a Planetarium.
We eat live chat for breakfast.
Get out of the heat and into a cold beer at the Owl Bar!
Durant's coming off a rookie contract so his potential Max deal is less than Boozer's.
SO, The Catching Fire movie comes out tomorrow, right? Please don't make me wait another year.....
Happy Birthday!!! :))) love you!
Got Toni's sister's 21st B-Day party tonight at our house...Pirates of the Carib theme..c'mon over!
The Mavericks beat the Heat 105-95. Dirk Nowitzki scores 21 points after rocky first half - deserving MVP.
I was pleasantly surprised: It was fun and the #sextalk was refreshingly frank.
Let's get some #SayAmenADDY love going!
"I truly appreciate all of the great things F&F has done and is doing supporting its clients!" -Volunteer honored for service years
We would register for the Warped 2012 BOB but that whole thing is a popularity contest and we arent popular so we will stick to house shows.
aaaweeesome. they got there quick! :>) have a great day and thanks for being a customer!
Are you building the MZ empire?
yea....it betta be nothing!!!
Tutoring available for HS & College Math courses in the KC metro -- email me -- tutoring.4.mathematics at gmail.com to get things set!
Outdoors Calendar for May 4
I would not want to be a girlfriend of ,I wanted to be his Bro!so sorry that I do not know him better,and I can never see him..
Summerfest show is confirmed !! Friday, Juy 6 at the NEW Classic Rock Stage !! 5pm
Appreciate the RT's & mentions, TY!
tell her to bring me taco bell lol
When I get home I'm going #bologna !!!!!
“: I havent eaten anything all day I hate being sick! -_-” *all weekend
that's cool haha :)
Good luck tonight! Wish I could come </3
LA was out of the convo for championship after the to LA trade was blocked!
Join us 2night for grilled salmon with our OWN swiss chard, yellow tomato with arugula salad served w/ arugula pesto. All fresh & Oragnic
Always gives me an attitude when she calls me in the morning.
It's a writing weekend. Too hot to go out until Kay Finch's signing at Murder By The Book at 4:30 then back to writing.
Still a few tickets left for Thursday. Opening for Ha Ha Tonka @ Club Cafe. Contact us at www.Boulevardoftheallies.com for more info.
Apartment hunting in #NYC is seriously the most stressful thing ever.
US team's made great progress training w/George Schuch of Brazil. Team's pushing hard to achieve the best finish possible
You gave me every reason to hate your guts and.say fuck but i just can't. Now if that's not real then I don't know what is
so true, would love you either way though
Doing nothing tonight... would be at Titanic 3D but momma ruined plans
When you think about me, do you think about seventeen ? 
North Ave & Oak Street Beaches CLOSED due to fog...
Follow for a follow ?
I love you ♥
I Love A Good Mornin/ Goodnight Text ...Make Me Feel All Weird Lol But I Love It
That akward face you make when you see your friends in the hallway. You know the one im talking about: wide eyes and puckered lips O.o
thanks Bella Sera! We love you guys !
We will be there with a punch. No Frank's Drink for you!
In The Canning Season the F word was used only one time, but I remember it because it seemed out of place. Gratuitous, even.
Hey ! Can we get a description in your profile so everyone can learn what great work you do!? ;)
Just a note--I updated my twitter screenname to JeffKesslerWV.
Laguna beach is so gorgeous. I seriously need to live right on the water one day.
Oh, I have a second interview tomorrow!
what's your status
Take the path less traveled! Just don't try to rent a car! ;)
#DiggyisAmazing yep thts such a true trending topic
shouldn't be tweeting this?
Any madisonians have any insight tithe massive fire in the apt building on the square?
Crazy #hail and thunderstorms in Streetsboro, oh
Sending you virtual chocolate & big hugs to help you rise back up to being your sunny self again!
Hanging wit the folks & touring the Dallas Arbouretum.
Let's take 'em out!! Mwahahaaaa
what is your email address?!
thanks for the mention - see u tomorrow!
I need one of my irons in the fire to be a sword already!
he's such a dumbass ya I'm talkin about you start proof reading lol
I wanna beat oomf ass
oh word i gotta wait on my bro to get back
He is blowing my mind. RT : #TED2012 Reggie Watts is a totally brilliant and HYsterical comedian! Google him!
Jeremy lamb, kyrie, triston and anderson. The other 3 picks would only put us over the top
ok cool…gonna check it out!!! You da man!!!
Watching Max's face during judge commentary! I thought he'd go postal!
I got love on my mind
Ab workout wow... that was something all right. Ouch.
Love, not when youíre lonely. But love, when youíre ready!
that's quite the welcome
haha of course I can!! ;) looks so simple
After seeing Megan in her Draper-worthy apartment, #BettyDraper shoots whipped cream--then thinks better of it & spits it out.
Congrats to Judy and Jim Delisle re: the nomination for "The Gifted Teen Survival Guide."
RT ☼ Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves. Larry King
Good, and I hope you get a better welcome home than that at some point today ;)
nope makes me think of good times and memories.
Today G by Guess PULSE Unplugged Event. 30% Off Everything. Not a PULSE member? Sign up store
The new season is starting this month. I heart British costume dramas.
Wow ok that is weird. but but I was talking about the used catheter com,
Are You An Independent Artist? Check Out MusicalStop.com !!! and make your next project a monumental SUCCESS!
What are House music DJs supposed to do when they turn 40?
omg this makes me so happy. Reminds me of my Grammy from Mae Sot
People be drunk as fuck in
The other day there were some people on Market Street holding signs that said "Free Hugs". I know a bargain when I see one.
Thanks for the link. Suitable for posting on a white board. Or two. Or three...
In order to make fans like me to continue to approve of spec racing, is to allow for diverse engine rules.
Anyone recommend a good coffee shop in Center City Philly or near #TempleU? I need a good semi peaceful place to study/read.
Oh my Jesus. It was him<3 c: . . I can't even be mad lol.
#worstmovietitles "S" ... I'm guessing it's about snakes? lmfao!
Ready for another crazy day at the studio....
. I love the idea of turning Iowa into a blue zone. Do you think that this can happen until we re-think our agricultural system?
Hope there are plenty for them to grab. hehe
looks like a good time
thanks veggie man!
yep gone follow back homie
You proud of your lil sis? Out of 450 on my CAHSEE, I got 414 in Math and 441 in English ^.^
LMAO, O, sorry for mentioning ass & off in this text. Be easy bruh
Glad there happy*insert sarcasm here*
#NFB GO FOLLOW HER N SHOW HER SUM LOVE.
On the way to Temecula, by way of Anaheim.
Yeah, it does. As long as you're willing to be that dummy using an iPad as a camera at a concert.
Weekend is to enjoy time with your horse, and for your horse to enjoy time with you...
neil get the word out...if its made in NC, dont buy it...#money is power and we have it
Pretty excited about Dreamweaver CS6 and jQuery Mobile support!
Probably not. Will do. Thanks!
Thanks for following. Looking forward to hearing from you
Tixs on order for June in Cincinnati -- great way to kick off the summer! :)
- I just have to say it but I have learned a lot from you! Keep 'em coming !
It may be poorly written however it's selling out and it has some steamy parts that make it worth it.
NOTICE ME . LOVE ME. FOLLOW ME.
Personally I can't wait until #paulchryst is gone I think he is way to conservative.
On gon pop tht pussy for a real nigga
Anthony's trying to convince me to learn #erlang and #haskell - I'm not sure, though. Sounds too easy. ;-)
Thanks for the follow! #nf fb .
I miss you too. Even though I've never met you... lol :)
your late night tweets, while entertaining, suggest you may be sleep-deprived.
Just got on & realized i have 812 FOLLOWERS ! That might not be alot to some people but it is to me. (: thank you so much
Mobile tour content wrkshp reiterates rule #1 to keep in mind: the audience is on their feet.
Just picked up my Evanescence CD/DVD today! My poster got ruined :/ But the CD is fucking amazing and I cannot get enough of it!
haha do you want them? T has Starbucks cups in the prop closet if you need one.
Super excited for the
Awww. That's nice of you. Those radiolab guys are amazing, right?
I wish would notice me cause I'm really really sick and it would mean so much to me and make me feel better <3
Four Year Strong live in Manila :O
I had the Zags on that one
I have no memory of anything !
HAVEN'T BEEN IN SCHOOL ALL WEEK. woo.
Home now after #NYCFun2Day -- now preparing for tomorrow's meal! #ILuvNY❤
Hey Bailee:) are you going to the Starlight Gala this year? I miss you!
Image is work of Cristina Paulos
hahaha. No not today. Everybody probably has plans cause it's Easter. Maybe like next weekend or something?
Funny to get a call from the guys to make sure were gettin together for taco bell tuesday
That moment when the whole bus full of softball girls starts singing "We Are Young"
Golf tryouts in a few with
sociology careers
ND game tonight and Dance Moms!!!
All I know is I was enchanted to meet you, <3
: Was he at #WI7? Swoon. Let me know about the app.
thanks! (guess now we know what both our Sunday morning routines are...)
"keep your swerve in control" ah, that's the beat!
RT : SendGrid customer service is just
#CENATION4EVER we stand behind our fearless leader any day! Win or Lose we always have pride in you RT If you agree
if I find out you watched more army wives we are fighting
Karma's a bitch...
All the street lamps on the north side of my street are out. #Dumbledore?
Wha wha what?!? It's not there anymore? I used to go there all the time !! When did that happen?
Also, stop yelling in Arabic on the phone. I know we're past that as a society, but...
Wow, Matt Kemp is unlikable.
Matthew, y n tf u got on a PINK JACKET on lmfao #im weak aza bxtch
good morning! Haha
When your sisters asleep still when you really need her <<<
happy birthday(;
endings like that give my game #hope also love the place by Riles
Free beer at sprechers pub tonight! You need to follow to get more info!
Thank you :) RT : happy mothers day!
The fact that Sam says she's not smart but just did a good portion of my bio homework from memory and doesn't even go to my school...
Exactly! I see u about dat life. Lol
Had to rescue my neighbor today who got stuck on his roof after his friend left with the ladder and forgot he was on the roof
Great things happening at Jazz Central Studios in Minneapolis! Come experience it with us!
can't stream Thor < $10 tonight. Fuck you, studios. I pirated it.
what dont i like is easier! with work and school is tough to play but im doing SWTOR, WOW, Skyrim, Fallout 3 New Vegas
You alright?x
Giant Rain!!!
Vinnie Chulk is in the major leagues.
I got mi mama crackin the fuck UP! Lol
#askmadonna Did you make an appearance @ Tracy Young's MDNA album release party in N.Y? Are you working with her to make new mixes?
Here's my issue with One Direction, they act like kids and I'm practically one still.
anyone up?!
Plane grounded in CHI for possible infectious rash...zombie apocalypse anyone? Start planning
Just saw Wonderland and gotta say not a huge fan which was a surprise!
Okay! Not a single problem with me! Even better :DD
At with , , and to hear U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor speak
bork, i feel so sick:(
Drowned? Um, if she only drowned then why was the child bound up & her mouth covered with duct tape?
Probably not necessary, but I also won't say no. I'll be home around 6 unless traffic is bad. I'll DM address
good thoughts on a regular basis
Hehe nope but I could watch The Great Train Robbery ANY day. In fact... I'm going to make popcorn and watch it again.
A strange article, I thought. Though chess may help with strategy!
Game of Thrones. Let it begin!
wheres it from ???
The Metra BNSF action at Roosevelt/Canal doesn't start until after 4pm and it subsides at around 6:25. Picking up the pictures before then.
Ma its too early to be tlking this much g-shit!
RT after this first album... on the next one... i'm going to produce, write, and record al via the iPad.
Now, Jovita, now. It's really to late, as I think about it...There's always prayer. :-)
here is some family to follow...RT
If I'm out of town and im hitting you up, clearly you mean a lot to me, don't take me for granted, a girl like me comes once in a lifetime..
oh well
have you tested Google + for collaboration?
wish I could be there too!
is their a Lush close o where you live?
March is one month closer to July, and then we have CFL Football!!! YES!!!!
Oh, most definitely, the internet can be boring as all get-out.
What do you think about new platforms & when is it the right time to try something new?
About to watch the Manchester #Derby Go
depends...what team jersey is that in your profile pic
Wish we were at #sdmediaPR! Hope you're all having great time! - Denise
We enjoyed learning about your Rock UR Athletic Storage contest this morning from
Great to be with yesterday at #ChildrensHospitalBoston for Management Grand Rounds!
Our 3yo daughter just told me my wine glass "has no stem." We might drink too much wine.
Poverty and diminished local control of schools due to corporatization efforts.
Until we are given a playoff system there's only 1 thing to do.....Boycott FCS College Football!!!
that is the second trucker serial killer story I've read this month. He isn't the only torture hanger guy...major creepers.
Yep. Whatever works for folks. I generally do Omnigraffle sketches to get myself organized, and then prototype in HTML.
TO EARLY FOR ME TO SLEEP
we could all pray to sweet Virgin Cheryl.
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
I miss NBA on NBC
If we could change ourselves, the tendencies in the world would also change
nope. Undergraduates seem to be highly navigation challenged.
is taking Lyss & friends to see #TheLuckyOne tomorrow for her bday. I'll be hanging w/ Ray & Jas!
Need a credit card so I can set up this gamefly account
RT “Children will not remember u 4 the material things u provided but 4 the feeling that u cherished them.” Richard L. Evans
I started using turkey more. Turkey bacon, turkey chorizo sausage yum... Surprised how good they are!
Compline. Tonight. My house. All are welcome.
sure i will
hey can you please follow back? :)
Cookin sum food so I can board this plane and play 2k12
Darn. Another realist.
Fuck saying Eat that Dick up New saying is U can eat that ham
we'll see about that 😁😏
Gemini center hooping.
Why do people unfollow me? :[
My mom doesn't want to take me prom dress shopping until I get a date, wtf no!
that sucks. Same way with the Gatorade recovery with protein. Taste like
"I think big,and then I allow myself to accept even more." Louise L. Hay
that thingy from the movie is more your type!
When life throws you a curve ball, buckle at the knees and bail out of the box. Because you're life’s bitch like that.
Lol, isn't bad we immediately think of terrible junior high BB refs when this happens? Hope baseball's going well!
Swagger on a milli right about now
Brantley () likens ebooks to flying cars
when u coming to Dallas brotha??
Thank god we have FOX news or we never know whats really going on with news FOX is the only one that's cares to show what really happen
Stokley is in for a visit with team today.
<3 go add us on facebook! We are under the page owner list. Carson and Trent post updates alot :)
ah sweet. had you considered zipcar?
We <3 it! RT : Just poured a whole page for #goreviewcontest for my experience! bit.ly/qTGJgJ
you stupid hoe !!
some times its good to take a step back where you come from just to be sure you wanna go where your headed
One of those nights...
Fun fact: a shark cornea is similar to a human cornea, it has previously been used in eye surgery.
Not feeling like myself.
On a National Guard helicopter
Does anyone need a car transported from PA to the west coast?
CHECK OUT THA MUSIC FROM THA O.G @ OGBIGGTRAI187/MYSPACE.COM OR GOOGLE OG BIGG TRAI AKA MR.COWBOY PEEP THIS DALLAS O.G OUT FRESH OUT TEXAS
NBA IS BACK!!!!
Calling #artists, what do u think of having your #art on #Pinterest? R u concerned they'll claim rights to it?
technically it should've been enferma..
Maurice Clarett was also a third round draft pick.
I think Mr. Meatballs might come out of hiatus really soon...the Italian Stallion is going back to the meat grindr!!!
Lazy day ? why not :P
There's going to be a "Battleship 2" >>>
I wouldn't be shitty for no reason? That obviously wasn't a damn joke. But ightttt
I reffering to possibly some news on Nestragel, possible news on VIBEX MTX being ahead of schedule.
People act like they never been on a plane before. Sit ya fatass down in the right seat. #whoop #uastupidhoe!
dude, have fun!
not by choice dear for work and go there every 3 months. Truthfully its not that bad. Peeps I work with are pretty nice.
If you like ceviche and empanadas Cafe Secret in Del Del Mar is for you. Staycation day 2.
...I didn't care one bit about work or money - that was the life
Austin's favourite colour is red
I LOVE MILEY CYRUS ♥
I love because he tries to notice us and tweet us. He's so down to earth. Love him.
Check out Ryan Mack's new book, Living in the Village: Build Your Financial Future and Strengthen Your Community.
Millenials first generation of the digital age. Everyone else are digital immigrants.
I don't even find family guy funny anymore like I used to.. but the Simpsons has stayed as a good classic that still does...
RT with your weekend plans! Are you going to be visiting any merchants?
I knew it I knew it!! Isaac finna be a big brother #Kailyn and Joe
I can't wait until Monday @ noon. When I can finally relax.
"The Heat fans should throw rats on the court!"
FHS Powercat Robotics: selected by the second-seed Parish Episcopoal HS for finals alliance @ Ben Barber-UTA FTC Qualifier
I feel special that you retweeted me! I owe you a rt now
tell me now if you posted the winner so I can avoid twitter. If its not Sharon needles or FiFi le Pew I'll go on a murder spree
On our #teamfollowback shit. FOLLOW US, WE WILL FOLLOW BACK. ,,,
Reality is for people who lack imagination.
James mom is so mean.... Kinda.
thanks to you both. I'm about to be the new kid in town so I'll keep my eye on your tweets.
you are so cute
Join DC politics with Eugene & Chuck today at 11am. Our guest is Chief Cathy Lanier
so how you been doing working out??
how are you? im so bored. what are ya doing?
working and saving my money up so I can go back to school
yeah at DD in he PAC :) I hope you can make it!
is it possible for you to follow me today? #NeverSayNever :)
FAVORITE COLOR IS BLUE
in regards to the boy cave
Retweet this if you love your music outdoors! What was the last show you saw at an outdoor venue?
Turning the corner and being better aren't close to the same thing, but damn, I'll take whatever comes along at this point!
fort lauderdale
Still can't believe I met one of my fav LA artists, the oh-so-charming Mark Bradford tonight.
If you look too closely at the form, You miss the Essence. — Rumi /via
and I bet you follow them
#NP YOU DESERVE IT ~ FUTURE
Just finished a mtg w/ a local business man, friend and client. Love learning & sharing w/ sharp folks.
he sucks
Watching Degrassi. I missed too much.
know of any solar companies looking for designers? Product or architectural?
Now we talking the weather is mad nice out thank god
Third Annual Anderson v. Turpin Alumni basketball game on Mar. 3 at 7pm at AHS.
Isn't a lot of that testing rather than using data to make targeted copies, or maybe it's both?
Good Morning! If you would create something, you must be something. – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. Create your day!
This comedian again....
This is going to be a really busy couple of weeks.
I emailed you to see if you'd moved... let me know if you didn't get it.
lol she said she still your sis
Thanks for the love :D xoxo
Follow :D
always been a fan & followed your work & watched you evolve, but I swear your tweets make me to fall in love with you.
Greetings DrSuad: The PHC talk sounds like one I NEED to hear! Was it recorded? (fingers crossed...)
Enjoyed exploring ideas for immersive experiences in sensitive spaces: prisons & touchy topics:slavery/holocaust
Valentines Day Weekend has arrived. Don' forget about the wonderful make-up artist here at Betty Lash.
I'll email it to you right now! I hope you find the site as awesome as I do. :)
Thanks for the
: Amazing! Do you have a list of the bars we visited? The Sheraton for Karaoke--place was always full of regulars!
So at least he's for bikini-clad women...."How can I be anti-women? I even judged the Miss America pageant." ~ Rush Limbaugh
All I did was lend a sofa and crack jokes. Lol.
Try this. Go see #HungerGames then rent #BattleRoyale and see which is better
Let's just say worst case that Coach would leave, who would be your first Coach to get a call ????
My feet are cold. The sun came out for a few moments. But it's cold again.
Lmao only time me and my mama get along is when we dont like the same person
I SAID IM CUMMING!
Thanks to everybody who came out last night, it was a great time!
New Episode of The Virtual Zone coming up!
I hope this ends soon. What a nightmare for all of you.
Heading to in Roseville for some damn fine thin-crust pizza & drinks this Thursday. Drop by, say hi, 7pm.
I really cannot wait for summer
Dick Woodcock. Middle school could not have been fun.
Oh My God mine look identical!
no.. I have absolutely nothing to hide...
Watching chance of larger system (changes likely in track and type of precip) to impact Midwest by late next week; could be significant.
Yesterday was my first time visiting Poly in quite some time. Was impressed with the alumni patent wall. Loved the college acceptance wall!
Did you know that if you have a new roof your homeowners insurance will be lower...if you would like more information call me 303-922-1001
Develop and define his vision and start raising $. Then hire bulldozers to plow Downer Woods for an athletic village.
That dress is amazing!
I would love to have some popcorn right now and just sit back and watch classic disney movies all night but I dont have a VCR just a DVD :(
Way to go #Broncos! Great game for #15!
The banking industry prospers during hurricanes, there are loans to be given out.
My roommate is a total D-bag
if i had to choose between loving you, and breathing. I would use my last breath to say I LOVE YOU.
when I get asked to prom they better bring me chicken nuggets
Montana or Oklahoma?
Feeling blessed and grateful, there is something magic about making mud pies with my munchkins : )
I love to feed the hungry. So cum here and eat my juicy pussy! Then u can feed me too
Yeah that would be interesting to see but unfortunately I have to wait for TNT.
Whoo! Work was HOT today! Finally off...hope everyone had an ok day!
#brewers win!!
Good morning Jeff. :)
why yes!
Singing in dah shower *" :)
when I read "dead mouse," I read "dead mouse"
Learned lump of scar tissue I had removed from my hand is common among alcoholics... Hm
Good day of meetings, headed home .... thanks to JetBlue, will be watching first game at #Marlins Park. Let's Go Fish!
I was planning on attending the GIS session, but I may stop in to get some more ideas. I'm presenting at 11:00.
Bad River are holding a press conference in room 200 North
None yet.
The storm is headed my way. Wind, creepy sky, thunder......ajo & I-19 area
Thanks for the follow, good luck with the book.
Or Rachel you just need to put your beer goggles on...
It's more than a product, more than a service - this is an experience. Go
hi boo
: businesses can join the for free - email leah at acsf dot org for more info.
lol omg no yours were not worse than sniggle dwarf and ekanuggetz
hahaha stop being sick then! you know it's bad when some random band consistently tells you to take nyquil
awesome! Glad you guys could connect :) cc
I'm diggin the color scheme for this #Thunder #Mavericks game. I think both teams called each other b4 the game to coordinate this?
Cure for Agenda21 = 6 - 8 year term limits, anyone over 50 yrs. have to take mental evaluation each year for Eccentric Behavior =Gone Looney
Meryl Streep wins on reputation, not performance. No need to joke about half of America being disappointed...poor joke at Viola's expense
Toes are cold. Thighs are warm. Bottom Lip is chapped.
hello brotha man how are ya!
A wise fortune teller with 3 nipples told me Comic Book Men will be back a 2nd season!
who cares lol
listening to "I Want You Back" on YouTube.. God I love this song. :)
Yoo roberto was outside b4 :o <3
Hey long time no see =( lol can we set up a radio interview soon with me & my manager??
i know you are not responsible for the mess but you can be part of the solution
yea bro I got mad hats lol just give it to me whenever you remember
on google
he's barking up the wrong tree. haha. get at me later, we're messing with Milan's function tonight.
Agreed—plus I used to think consciousness was the fundamental function of the Self & I held a more blank-slate view of the Mind
A vending machine of fun
All bst SAH Tx 4 flwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Happy Mother's Day!
& invoking a logical fallacy is exactly what YOU did (apparently unwittingly) in supporting ur argument, I just called u on it.
What games do you want couch co-op buddies for? I'm been meaning to find an excuse to hang with you, Justin, Keith, et al. IRL.
honestly surprised you haven't unfollowed me, I tweet way too much. thanks for following love ya <3
Stars/ have come down/ tonight/ what beauty/ we believe they are/ shimmers with its concept
First day of Graph Expo 2011 and we're staying busy! Stop by booth #4015 to see our new HP packaging.
Looking forward to participating in #NYSCATE Mobile Learning Summit later this AM!
You guys!! I'm on a panel, "The Future of Libraries: The Next Generation" for the Mass Lib conference this year. Mod by Maureen Sullivan!
I'd rather see some Black Widow sex appeal
haha will do:)
Thank you! And happy birthday month to you :)
Good morning all.
It's coming soon! I promise! P.S. Got the score for "The Heroine and the Cad" today!
All the speakers agree the main problem in maths teaching in schools is teaching to the test #QuantMethodsConference RT...
Happy Mother's Day to you. Thank you for the kind word. is fixing lunch for us.
we just got out of chruch and now at the library
RT : 55401: my neighborhood is going in the crapper. How do I know? The number of loud noises from #Badgers fans
Its 100 degrees and I just can't wait to get into my car that's been sitting in the sun all day
YES. Huge amounts of approval.
Great film subjects! ": Off day film study.... Jerome brown,reggie white, and john randle #badmen"
My Mind is saying one thing & My Heart is saying another… I want to listen to My Mind but My Heart is Overpowering Everything right now.....
Dumping Seesmic for Tweetdeck. No character counter and doesn't auto pick Twitter account with I hit reply. Irritating.
heey we can be real friends :) hahaha!
Happy Thanksgiving Jack! Hope you have a great day and good luck on the court this season.
FYI: If you're downloading and getting a lot of security Qs, that's Apple beefing up their security.
RT : RT : The greatest gift is #life... so don't waste a second and #MakeItCount!
lol no u don't
Seems like the entire DC fire dept has surrounded my house.
DS: quick note... I know Andy Dalton had a good year for a rookie... But by no means did he deserve to be named a Pro Bowl alternate.
What's your #FridayNight looking like #Madison?
its hard to leave a lover but if the lovers cheated,they've already left.
Blood of a slave Heart of King👑
RT : Gingrich announcing the end of his campaign today is like calling up your ex 3 months later to tell him you're over him
He took the goggles off! Quick someone go hide them!
KGL and Hoda just announced that those who sleep on the left side of the bed are more cheerful and positive. Hey, that's me!
With an anytime fitness on Freret membership- you're not just strengthening muscles, you're strengthening a movement....
China's looming conflict between energy and water - On Line opinion
hahaha not a fan?
Where are u my dear!?
the dream is real Kenny god bless you and your family I appreciate now and long before...2620!!!
The young woman who just sold you a ticket for sunset cruise on Havana Harbor isn't allowed on the boat. End #Cuba Tourist apartheid.
Tara we'd love to help out. Shoot us a DM we'd love to hear more about the opportunity.
any word of a possible trade for 76ers? They need a closer/steady scorer bad.
RE:| I got you! Thanks for the respond...
FUCK MY LIFE I AM ACTUALLY OBSESSED WITH TUMBLR RIGHT NOW! but im on the daily limit think so i like 341 pics to reblog Yeah! I HAVE NO LIFE
You'll get offers sent to your phone while on the GO! Up to 1 special offer sent per day from different places in the city. Ready..Set..GO!
M.I.A. and resumes in my office
What do you think THE EFFACING is? I'll tell you.... Once it is complete..
absoulutely": ": About to see the Avengers with " It was so good! Definitely recommend!"
my friend sent me a coast to coast poster in the mail and its signed :') i never got to see him on the tour :(
my boy!! What's good fam! I know you our there grindin ha ha
What the hell is the doing trading superstar Mona Ellis and up-and-coming Ekpe Udoh? The #Warriors are going to lose many fans!
he said effff this and went out for beers
I will talk with About the name.. I might be able to talk her into it!
Definitely needed!! RT : Great panel on atty/agent ethics at #SLA2012. Question re why agents dont have their own org
I am off to bed. Great night of living it up in Nice!
Oh yeah! Your day is off to a good start, i'd say.
hey there! just saw your tweet come through in my #NVEnergy search and realized I hadn't seen u in forever! How are u?!
it's that time of the day.
Sports Grill To Watch The Heat Game [:
So thankful God has blessed me with such a beautiful woman inside and out!
and to you as well!
Happy Birthday to me!!
OSU racquetball team wins 5th straight title
First day of summer...
If you're the mayor, then I'm the Governor. RT : I just became the mayor of Nicki from Greendale on ! Boo-ya!
My poor little feet
Do you have a favorite area car wash?
Just looked at the questions - I like! Will respond tonight after work! :)
yup. I'm under the dryer.
but they've not shipped it yet… You're using a beta service
if you wanted anything romantic to happen with a girl, what would it be?
Birds of Paradise! My mom has HUGE ones growing in her back yard.
Almost summer yeah! Hope you have great day!
Ahh, #starbucks chai latte. I wasn't kidding #cildc See you tomorrow.
LA THIS WEEK!
book lover and want an actual copy, i will have those available in the next couple weeks. Have a great night, time for some Chipotle!!
I think it's safe to say that J.R. Smith just threw down the dunk of the night.
Just four more days
"a jane austin hero in a john grisham world"
Happy Halloween. Have a Great One! Love You!
Trends are showing that the internet is the single greats form of Marketing for salons.
what. I don't know what that means lls
Hoboken New Jersey, birthplace of baseball. Did you know that?
i say we pitch in and buy him one. lol
Awkward day
Order sent to Renee in AZ!
yeah that's what I thought too
As always, another fun event from & the crew. Great to catch up with , et al
In my last class of undergrad, wow!
Watching King Kong; about to go to lunch & finish my exam! (=
Just went to wrong location for my audition. I'm at the beach audition in Hollywood. No worries ill make it!
sure but you need to get a frikin phone
I did.
Let me do you Bad, apparently THAT GUY wins...
Tune into the show tomorrow morning at 6 and 8 am for the number to call to donate for Bikes for Kids! Help make a child’s holidays special!
Its too nice for it to be christmas this weekend. I hate tricky weather
context clues are a bitch
So who figured out where my official birthday party will be?
Off to see at KenCen with !
Purple pink orange sunrise
that's just unfair. Mom and Dad making us choose.
I don't think it matters how religious you are, or aren't - the Bible really is the best place to go to for advice
Thanks for the shout out! I look forward to getting involved and meeting you all soon!
This guy is high. Or drunk. Or something
Nothing looks the same and everything reminds me of
hahaha, I remember writing a beautiful thank you note roughly 3 weeks after the wedding.
agreed. But knowing he will hook up new spidey w/ spidergirl jess drew..make it some weirdness
Could there be a bad one?? :) RT : Was it a good mention? RT : mentioned
fortune telling Lady, Cain, Abel, hunchback of ND, Good Samaritan, Ophelia, Noah, Einstein, Robin Hood, jealous monk, dr Filth...
Great white sighting in Mission Beach today? Oh great, just in time for me to go back there.
I love all the CUTE :)
THX for the #FF love! Really nice company to be in, too!
Hey-I'll send you a direct message to discuss!
Just got back from Six Flags!! Fun day but my feet hurt so bad haha
Hard work pays off.
Not watching the pitt hoops game?
Bedtime on #FF 4 and those he loved:
New love of mine These Kids Wear Crowns <3
you can buy cats !!!!!!! ahahaah jk u wont ur too cute !!!!
My sister acts like she's the most important person in the world. Not like I was trying to show you something or anything. Ugh fuck youu.
Looking forward to Mngful Use: Lessons Learned from Stage 1 Implementation. Firecracker moderator in /
as in anything can happen.
Feliz dia de el Maestro from USA for Mexico
Tom Cat and Jerry mouse.
where is the Compass bowl - its not on Siri 84 like the on-line guide says it should be!
RT : The funniest people are the most depressed. // Whether absolutely true or not, certainly gives pause.
I'm completely down with that
I want ZOO 2012!!
It's Fat Tuesday! Maestro is fueling our creative energy with fresh, delicious paczkis! Yum! How will you indulge today?...
not much sleep for me I guess. :(
Ex husband sent Chloe (8) to school today in socks as he couldn't find her shoes!! He did find them after a few hours but is he for real?
had a great time last night at the Our Lady of Lourdes annual dinner dance!
Suckfest! This Amtrak has no outlets! No play by play this trip
Working for one of the South's great newspapers, the Nashville Tennessean.
*sings along* ^-^ rt : how many times can my hands hit the ground? “: How many times will the clock go around?”
The more I'm myself, the more I learn about myself, the more happy I am.. with myself.
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe that America reads at a seventh grade level.
happy 4th to you to sir! What you got planned?
I think IA results say a lot to back up my previous assertion about Perry being Republican nominee. Just imagine if he was on the ballot...
Major downpour in Miami last night.site of Wrestlemania.. WWE officials are said to be concerned with weather tonight..would love a downpour
We're developing transition resources for #CCSS & conducting a full gap analysis. Using it to plan PD.
is pretty much the beez knees. So ya.
U already been knowin shit RT Had my first black Thanksgiving this weekend. White Thanksgiving needs to work on its game
we will go soon!!!
When you hang out with , expect things to get all serious. Complete with official calendar invites to drink wine.
You like that huh? Mean Church is an impossible contradiction. It's like round-square or cold-fire, or - in my case, clean kitchen.
#Chicago gettin in that #Detroit ass
sounds fun!
All I can say right now is that when it rains, it sure does pour. I wish I could be in 2 places at once for the next 3 weeks!
aren't we due for some face time again? Seen Zorn of late?
So, fellow academics, a question: does anyone actually /like/ grading papers? Be honest.
you inspire me.
just pretend they're greg castetter and you're driving a car
Any time I tweet then I just happen to get a random mention afterwards, I always have a mini heart attack thinking it's him.
Not going to sit in this house today I'm going out!
Did I seriously forget my Free Hugs button on Free Hugs Day? MAN.
holy shit the yogurt commercial parody was hilarious.
Georgia;Atlanta :)
This American Life had to retract the #iphone story, but #workconnectsusall still, even #sxsw hipsters and poor Chinese toilers.
Outrageous nerve!
are you surprised?
Glad you liked it!
According 2 the new Footloose, when ur mad u should dance. I know poppin' and lockin' for me gets it all out.
how rude -.- & I found out that boys name :)
Happy Easter 😊
Motivate - Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
iStreamPlanet Drives Video Delivery in the Cloud with Intel® Xeon ...
Listening to our first record on vinyl. Pretty sweet!
at livestrong park last summer. it was awesome. excited for some timbers games too:)
I wish I liked football
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Let go of F.E.A.R. Fridays (Failure Expected And Received)
Stealthy pic FAIL. I didn't turn my sound off :-X lol
Once they unveil me, the tour will only be of me.
Students who use it in a positive and in the right way can market themselves to companies and become aware of opportunities and events....
Start Bledsoe on Parker. Grab some boards. Heal the injuries. Keep your chin up. Throw more lobs. Remove the glass.
As usual U R Super amazing!!! I loved tonight's performance! I want U & Joshua to be the Top 2
Selenators & Smilers Yay I'm so happy I'm both ❤😃
#DontGiveUpBecause that's what all them hoes want you to do
I mean I know I have but that's not always true.
That link was via , btw.
Apparently my knuckle looks, feels, and smells like a grape, because my foster bunny just bit into it.
Opened the door for Dan Bylsma and Ray Shero -Crazy!!!
So pissed off on how this night is going... not enough girls...
Your nails look awesome!
Need more followers!!! Lmfao
you're nothing but a liar.
Holding back your feelings stops you from getting hurt, but it also hold you back from true happiness.
RIP Dick Buckley.
it's not annoying!
You are welcome! I enjoyed it and would be happy to come anytime! Well, as long as there's Chi dogs again :-)
You know someone means a lot to you, when their mood can easily affect yours
GOD BLESS AMERICA
Thanks for the follows guys!
R u going to Kzoo? NCS?
If loving Hall & Oates is wrong, we don't want to be right
I <3 Indy! RT : Just heard MSNBC's Darren Ravelle on ESPN radio call #Indy the best #SuperBowl city he's ever seen!
Getting yelled at by stefan who is on Skype with me for tweeting in front of him, I can multicast stefan :D
heard 2 guys debating scratching out "wife" and writing in "girlfriend" because good cards are gone
follow me please!
Any man that isn't a vegetarian and says they don't eat Boston Market, actually eats cum.
girls are easy on stickam
Yes way :)
i get so competative when im apart of something because I do my best thats y im always known as another coach! Bc i carry my team with me
R E T W E E T IF YOU IDOLIZE MILEY CYRUS.
I have yet to see a single cat pop up on my frame, I think it was an empty threat :P
thanks for the response... any time frame? do we know when it will be fixed?
Giants get Super rings, aim to be dynasty Ten tables wasn't big enough for Justin Tuck. He wanted his second Super Bowl ring to be bigger
is heading to Miami in 2 days. Will be touring the Norwegian Epic.
Thanks for clearing that up!
yes saturday lunch was mis-timed; we asked to pull it back to 1 pm since people were hungry - they said yes but took till 2 anyway.
eh... we try ! tell your friends to take a listen :D
RT Braised beef sandwich is mighty tasty...
— How do I cancel your service?
Trivia for today: Where does our motto "e pluribus unum" come from? The answer is surprising!
I Was Going Thru My Call Log The Other Day And All I Saw Was Your Name, I Was Thinking What I'm Thinking This Girl Got Me Feeling Some Kinda
I stood the last two minutes of that game. The #thunder are so easy to cheer for and let's be honest, we don't see crowds like that in MKE.
I'll be in my bunk.
He ban me to touch my cellphone cause I've got bad mark and he hold my phone :(((
The CD for the Evening with Neil & Amanda is probably the most beautiful CD I've seen. I can't wait to see what this brings!
RT : Follow us and share your favorite movie of all time 2 enter 2 WIN a ROOM NITE! Today is the last day!
Someone who will listen to me, let me ask questions, and give me wise counsel... and someone who will hold me accountable.
I'm hungry as shit might go sit down for lunch today
They told me to take a streetcar named desire&then transfer to on called cemeteries &ride six blocks&get off at Elysian fields!_ T Williams✯
#NowWatching Horrible Bosses
I no longer have my phone contact me on FB to get in touch w/ me
Hipster Rule: one of you has to sell out and keep your car for the days when your fellow hipsters don't feel like biking during rush hour.
I'm sure you are right. xo Auntie
SO I SEND my prayers out for your brother's fast recovery which prob wnt be that fast like ten days lol poor guy
Not really. :( But I will be.
In order to succeed you need to have more desires than excuses. Keep smiling.
boyfriend came on the radio and i had a spaz attack. Omg.
i got a pix of Nancy Polsi in flower dress & beads bandana '68 SF Ca she still fits the WS prots today 7 likes it
I completely disagree. I think, more than ever, they stuck to their plan.
Connectria Hosting Unveils an IBM i Cloud - IT Jungle
I'm always open to hearing about story leads.
At Sonic Then Starbucks Later With My Mommy <3
Working on The Juggernaut, hope to have it in the bag in bout a week. - Drummer
coming soon!
Here go the officials sucking lebrons dick. Omg so annoying
She's jamming out to your hubby again...
ok ok ya got us... our first tweet! Look forward to specials, event shout outs, and more info on 25th anniversary celebrations!
A few days off after a great weekend of shows! Thanks to those of you who came and those who didn't - we start back up again Thursday at 8!
They thought about holding us late. Wtf
skip i love ya man !
I wish i could say i even had a childhood Let alone a good 1
GET IT BABES...paperchasin tell that paper look I'm right behind ya!!
Dear #usgov ... lets not go to war with Iran.. they never did anything wrong to the USA, and lets not start a fight we cant Finish
You got skills!!! Great sound! Best Regards! Eric
In other news, I dyed my hair finally!! woot woot!
Ah. First sip of coffee in the morning. That's about right.
Marketing tip: Capture walk-in traffic using a fishbowl to collect business cards. Follow-up by sending discounts, coupons or specials.
At #Chicago o'hare airport heading home after 3 days - certainly better than #CDG last week
hi you on i g2g to bed in 2 mins big day tommorow
IM SORRY I WAS JUST WONDERING HOW OLD U WERE
im findinding this out seems he is growing by the minute he is such a good baby also i love being a mom HUGS TO U
Last night, Charles Barkley showed no love for the #gospursgo even after the win in Denver- he thinks SA is not even the best team in Texas.
Still at work
no worries! None at all!
Jump start your weekend with a delicious cup of our freshly brewed 100% Colombian Coffee. Get your free cup during breakfast hrs!
place of my dreams! I have old Colonial roots back to a bigamous Pilgrim (srs) & can't wait to actually see more of the area.
