Nothing sadder than finding out a grown man is still in a band. You'll find that big break.
“: “: i'll come” hehe ok I'm excited!” it'll be fantastic
Those background dancers are killing me
That was fun. NPR talkback on museums! Great callers and tweeters.
Gonna watch this Flippers game. Hope they lose
Lakers' time is past.
they just might kick us out. Haha
Really ppl mag? "Earl Scruggs, bev hillbillies bluegrass legend" he f-in invented the entire modern banjo style!
thanks for FF, we love players who love
So hungry right now...who's eating what right now? I wanna see pictures so I can figure out who's house I'm going to.
o Aiden!! He is as adorable as ever!
Oouf... it's already my Sunday.
RT : C. Core requires students to read various complex texts. To me, there is nothing more complex than a good comic. Maus,
montario will step it up this year and we will be looking at two 1,000yd rushers this year #yeahISaidit lol
Can you make an announcement?
you guys stoked to hear some new tunes?!
hopefully its the lowest rated movie awards ever
If...if is good.
When I saw the plate with a cupcake and a larger than life scoop of ice cream... The gates of hell opened. And I walked right through
TOMORROW is our Trunk Show. Can't wait to see what they bring in. Stop in for some champagne and giveaways 4-8pm
hahhaa i like to do it different lmao
Finishing up my successful open house then taking Kate and Dylan to see Captain America. I can't wait!!!
This administration knows the way to this girls heart....presidential M&Ms!
RT Chris Smith: Uneven pixel widths not originally emulated in ZX emulators, bug/feature not understood
"Outstanding" Looks like its Sleepy Time Down South
you got it bud!
Hoping for a great morning to turkey hunt.
I like your music. Robert
Thank you so much #CLE for your day of service at our Women & Children's Shelter! Thanks for sharing the Twitter Love!
ill be there at 7am. Pancakes and movie in bed? I think so.
Oh yeah. OH yeah. I CANT DO THIS ANYORE. oh yeah
Full installer by parts is now up to date(Nov. 2011)!
Time 2 unfollow some folks timeline is getting a lil outta hand
looking for #blog topics. Suggestions? anything on #wigs, #hair, #periodstyle, iconic coiffures, how-to's, etc.
its at Grog, sorry...
aww thanks lol! and YES HARRY!
that's so sexy!!! :D
WTF is Falling Skies about?
in some ways very very good and in others a complete disaster. Wine needed to explain.
Goodluck to the bro on this math final,,, gas em
beautiful pics, when were they taken?
Yep on the school and it was for music business....but I studied artist management in some classes....
the one day I don't see you, you were yoga pants ):
Laying out by the pool in palm springs.
I AM ON SOME SHE-HULK SHIT TODAY! LET'S GO!!!! SMASH, FUCKERS!!!!
Thank you. Have a great weekend!
RT : Adele proves great artists don't have 2 dress like Star Wars characters or rely on anything but their talent 2 entertain.
So glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for coming in :)
Condolences to those hit by layoffs at , if you need help finding your next gig let us know
I agree, the Big 12 is a Big Joke.
#Memphis has the best Defense in the West, this is gonna be a good game
I <3 Mail Chimp!
Anger and love has no limits
Enjoy your time at home. Things are going to be very busy for you as you go down this new road.
Hopefully i will win to see it in Dallas!!
Looking like a multiple trip to Starbucks type of day.
So here's what I'm thinking.....
The Gin Blossoms play on in outlet stores across America.
a nice night at home, just jamarcus and some purple drank
throws one hell of a party! is lucky to have her. & and make some killer cocktails. Great nite
Done and Done. It's going to be fantastic. Have you listened to any of the preview clips for the new album?
One minute!
Watching Stepbrothers, I think I'm changing my name to NightHawk...
Cheating and lying, things that I never thought a man would ever do to me even after a second chance.
Out to eat wit my bestie!
looking more #tan than #chilly on this rainy April am. Welcome back to #FirstEdition-when we get our #sun next
Looking forward to keeping up with on Sunday & bringing points to 's #BetweenDowns Tuesday!
#ItGetsMeMadWhen when My brother uses my shoes ._.
how are u ?
Just got a call from an 89 year young widow asking me to take her to the polls to vote! The "Yes Kess Express" delivers!
Lets see...I got a new laptop, fresh jacket, a nice bracelet, a big collection of martial arts movies, and a bunch of money.
need your email address. hit me up privately
Informal poll: does 27 count as mid-20s still or is it considered later 20s?
Nice Day Downtown Memphis We Gettin It In__ & S/O 2 All My 52 Homies Happy Duece Day
#beatcancer. Post this as your status and paypal will donate 5 cents to cancer research!
Have a great weekend.
Getting the heck out of here
Must choose version of Dorian Gray for this semester. Anyone have particular preferences?
Spongebob was meant to be a gay comedy show on comedy central, before nickalodean bought it and made it for little kids.
Of course ur team is at same hotel as me and sadly u aren't here. Bet u it's as warm in West Lafayette 2day as it is Myrtle Beach!
QR codes on billboards? Seriously?
Omw to get my salad & caramel sundae!
a whole lot of craziness!
Just uploaded 5 new tracks!!. Some are classics and others...well, you&#39;re gonna have to see for yourself. Peace!!!
Phil Humber has already walked a guy and given up a base hit. What a scrub.
Yea I'll bring the root beer RT : Party! Party! Party!
When there was no beer left at 4 am last night, Omar wanted a glass of vodka. I poured him some then he followed it with red wine
This stomach is sore from those ab workouts and that damn eliptical
So frustrated
Brothers- Purchase your banquet tickets by tomorrow! $35 for Brothers and $40 for guests. It's going to be amazing. December 4th.
Thanks for the add. I can't wait to hear your music.
$NCVT: This stock is a proven mover and with only 4 million shares in the float
I'm bored. I'd asked u all to entertain me, but bail last time was set pretty high. And no one took photos.
John Carter has enviable abs.
Excited! Just got my tickets to friday's sold out party at the carlyle club!
#ows. Judson church open to occupiers for the rest of the night.
That's a rule to live by. I'm surprised you're not getting it done today, because I am. We're usually in sync with our hair appts
And I wonder why I can't keep a steady relationship. I mean is it me?
is there a good beer in that category?
NaLee 341 pages of mermaid Fantasy the beginning of a trilogy Fire and Ice is already out there check it out NaLee2010.com
Ugh.. sometimes I just wanna choke him
She thought she was cute today
haha yes! we are gonna make a ton of vegan food and teach everyone to make it... HEALTHIER and its totally sweet.
Here in my car You know I've started to think About leaving tonight Although nothing seems right.
This guy told my mom that laptops will soon be obsolete and that tablets (like an ipad and stuff) will takeover... O__O No D:
This weekend was a good preview of things to come for me. Mainly regarding how I felt and the ease of letting loose.
my fav song would have to be "Don't Believe Everything You Think" its an amazing song,
Wish I was a Junior Marshall but our class is too dang smart..
When everyone says we should be together but you haven't made that realization yet -_-
I love it. I hope we can meet up soon!
It's 11pm and freeway traffic is backed up as far as you can see. I guess this is why they call this America's most congested city.
Got the message, it would be a pleasure working with you. kmoffitt
needs to come to
Thanks for taking him off our hands. The #Astros have been respectable this year.
Thanks so much, Lou. I'm glad you enjoyed the book and really appreciate the review.
Loving friday, amped to play COPPERFIELD'S tonight!
Garry got his front row seat at
is contact juggling in a meeting.
When someone randomly shows up with Subway for me >>>
Thanks We will definitely keep you posted here on Twitter as we wrap up fabrication and head out into the city. Cheers!
Edwin thanks for having CasaLatino Bay Area Realty at last nights mixer in Palo Alto as a recruiter n meeting great people!
fun first round, but that's not when you want to peak
I've been privileged with a twisted since of humor
ha, the parents are already in bed.
Very welcome.
...high religiosity and orgasmic ability in women.
Starting the night in Little Italy at the Princess Pub with Purple Haze cocktails and grilled calamari and steak sandwich
hell yes! I was gonna go to Bin 36
It's Always Sunny... :)
Haha. Just don't order Boudin. Totally different dish there.
ohh:/ does she have a Twitter?
#AAMers! You have another 45 minutes to drop by the #AAM2012 exhibit booth #204 to visit the !
Fear Jameer. And fear Jameer's beard!!
<now followin thank you for the follow.
I had a dream about her last night ! :o why is she stuck in my head ?
laila!! you need to answer fasetr, im about to get off
I need it done before Sunday.
well maybe if you texted me.....
Turnovers are going to be the downfall..
We're launching new site in next few weeks, but hosting is avail now. If you want to try, will move you for free. :)
good thing you don't have any post season baseball to watch
i really want to go to omg who's down to come with me
In American History, starving to deaths. :-(
it is fabulous, CONNECT & good luck!
Our children deserve a fighting chance in every aspect of life.Why embrace the N word Ni**a/Ni**er,and keep this ill fated trend
It's never too late to pursue your dreams. Just make sure you are realistic about them.
He's faking RT : Twitter is lying if we're not rooting for a Kobe "flu" game"
Really excited about the new tool coming in May
so glad Daymond pushed for the deal w/Billy Blanks Jr. I was getting frustrated and explaining it to him lol!
My family always gives me weird looks when i decide to do anything girly. I know It's hard to believe but i do enjoy the occasional mani ...
finish following
all set for tomorrow? Looking forward to it!
("Black" Entertainers "Fixing" The "Black" Communities.")
A weighty issue.
nobody since 2002 has been excited for one
That clown who is current CEO is just that: A clown with no class or social grace.
trying something new......its no military special
Gonna embrace it along with my new bad ass hoop trick. :-P
Sorry love, plans already tonight. Summa time Chi is coming so we'll have to make some outdoor dancing plans!! <3
So SueAnn is grilling burgers, the screen door has fallen apart and we have to herd the cats and Riley from getting out.
Advice to business owner for preventing team drama: Set clear expectations, get regular feedback, and avoid being dramatic yourself
RT : The Nazi death camps were not liberated by "peace activists," but by soldiers.
If happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this.
so we've been approved for a mortgage. now what?
Hair loss is very common problem of both, men and women
Just want tomorrow to get here already..
lol just now changing my calendar from February to March.
But you grow and learn NeNe and we all love you for that!
I'm going to be an aunt today! 👏👏👏👏 Phone tree in full effect!!
I've advocated for the serious study of Thomas Kinkade for years, so to those jumping on the pomo bandwagon now that he's dead? SUCK IT
My Louisiana agency scheduled me to audition for a Chrysler commercial this Tuesday in New Orleans!
so glad I got to meet you ... please stay in touch!
got too much #swagg RT if you're agree!!!
follow back ??(:
Ok, just caught up. I'm with you on this one!
"i'm pretty damn cute." i chuckled haha
are you still announcing your book winners on Twitter? Fingers are crossed in hopes that I win and don't miss it!!
that is EPIC LMFAO *dies* #GoodShare Alaric(to E) "youre killing me.. Oh wait"
BUT WAS HE WEARING SUNGLASSES WITH A STRAP?
Doing some heavy reading to get prepared for a working visit to NSF
it's k Sandra me n tiff will tear er up tonight
Ignite speaker at #COFLA: Your stories might not change the world, but they might inspire the person who does.
Im so tired i don't even know what today is
Very disappointed that I didn't get to see today :(
saving it the quality of life for the entire world could be move to untold heights. But that's not anything the world doesn't already know.
haha I was thinking that since its probably gonna happen this weekend! And maybe we'll all be rolling around town... So maybe!
#IfIHadItMyWay I will let everyone travel around the world to see how fortunate we have it here in America.
Time to photoshop my life. touch up the edges, adjust the tones, blur out the background, focus on me, and crop people out.
Diamond you on here? Why you not dm me back?
I thought this to be very profound. >>> The link between my experience as an entrepreneur and that of a politician is all in one word:...
☆ "People should also appreciate little kids, age doesn't matter!" ☆
I love stalking stalkers
My bible and my frat book are two books I will be reading this summer
I am happy when I am kind to others and unhappy when I'm not.
thanks for coming! :)
Don't be fooled by your emptiness. There's so much more room for happiness
What do a pair of heels, Theory trousers and an oversize MN fotball T have in common? My current outfit outside right now
Should I post a Vid of me drumming to 11:11 on here??:D
no the ref was a tool.Other team didn't care and wouldnt let me change shirts even though I'm on roster. Told me it was his job
Diary of a restless artist
Cause i, i still turn to you
On second thought. Can I get a couple of tubes? Perfect if my kid uses "bad words". No soap.
RT : there's really no good way to take a picture or yourself #faithhilling unless you have a timer on your camera
"...my body doesn't want repair, but longs for innocence. If innocent, despite the flaws I wear, I am beautiful." --K.F.
Good morning, all!
Oh, You Dont Like Country Music?
ctfu y wat u was gonna do
My next work would be next week. Instead of being bored, I'm motivated to work my ass out.. Gymming at he backyard..
I agree, I feel like we are are part of giant FB experiment, testing and more testing
My phone is so slow i cant even RT uggh:/
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.
Who is gonna register for our Bridal Show on May 1st? You can check out some vendors! Guess how much it cost... NOTHING! A FREE event!
I just earned the Mexi-Can badge on #Yelp!
Boredom is a bitch
Just got back from Starbucks :)
$20 dollars on earrings since I lost my other ones... #WasteOfMoney ~.~
I started out with nothing. I still have most of it.
The "Kardashian Kollection" is now at Sears... surprised to learn that many NBA players need to work there during the lockout.
a place where you can get a job at any restraunt, grocery store, golf course, hell shoveling snow if you're not too good.
We are excited for our 3rd Annual "AUCTION FOR ACTION" on October 1st! We just received a donation from the Denver Broncos!
- Please stop saying Pryor has only 4 losses. The TX game was his loss too
We are getting packed up to head your way!
Super Saturday! What's errbody up to today?!
I just won conert tickets!!
Grilling day wahoo,
my 1 year old niece playing JUST DANCE 3. ah I LOVE MY FAMILY : )
Thanks Liz!! RT : Oh Jada! I am loving that avi!!!!
Ponyboy feels guilty for loosing 's lucky penny :(
probably doing nothing and studying lol. you got something planned forus?
Dentist at 10.. SCARED</3. Text me..
Ok tweeps: How will you be spending your Thanksgiving? We want to know!
I'm sure the numbers have grown. Would be interesting to see a more recent survey
hi :) ur gorgeous! follow? i love you <3
Yay congrats! Must be a big relief
Anonymous strikes again?
for all the attn given the legis process for this, will we also get daily construction updates/pics ;-)
To see your dreams come true you must be willing to pour into others dreams.... It is more blessed to give then to receive ACTS 30:35
I'll admit I'm guilty of calling certain ppl only when I'm bored *shrugs*
Yay! Wine will be a great way to celebrate being done with my first summer course
Later we tape with That show should be full of 80's wrestling, nicktoons of the 90's & why ATX has better Mex food than CAL.
Calm down. There is no need for so many exclamation marks.
Nostalgia and cheetah sex...I need another drink.
Im back bitches from my over week long vaction! Just in time to see Justin on the Voice.
If you're also a Hendo fan this is getting really weird.
lol - so have you studied the effects of maple sugar on one's mental state?
Early Morning Pickins! All the Worlds Idols R Dying! I wonder who's nexx;...
haha, "what if you were playing with an actual broom & you were just like swish swish down the field" hahah -Heather Gorodess
follow me
“ watching BGC reunion”
they say the GM tapped into opposing coaches headsets in 2002-2004.
Oh, did I miss some sarcasm?
feel warmer today, right?
My watch face bigger then ur dreams are. Dream bigger!!!
Access 2010 Intermediate, Excel 2010 Intermediate & PowerPoint 2010 all start anew this week. Last chance to attend before semester's end...
Congrats Pete! Enjoy the moment!
Finished Track 4 for "The Emperor of Monsters Soundtrack!". 8 more Tracks to go! Detroitexploitation Funk Worldwide!
At it's very best, boxing is the greatest sport.
Rainy and quiet day here in DC. Miss having the energy (and noise) of graduate students around.
I know I'm late but, "The New Adventures of Old Christine" is hilarious!
one of the many reasons why i love you so!
School?? blachh! ready to ditch anyday
whats up bud... Goodnight buddy..
Whatz up, what r u up to?
If you don't know where you are going. How can you expect to get there
Glad you liked The 1st #diversityInTech regional meetup at , thanks for coming out!
All of us learn to write in the second grade. Most of us go on to greater things. Bobby Knight
RT : #HTC blitzing One launches at multiple carriers. Will this halo product get them back in the game? BTW, what Sense version...
I know everything about CBB, I won my pool. I just gave you shitty picks cause, well, I dont really like you. sorry
3 Days for me jenni. you can do it when i get an urge i just chew gum :)
#Alfred_Hitchcock came under CIA surveillance for his use of uranium as a plot element in Notorious (1946). -
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
omg that sounds so painful!
and then mob music just creeps in lol
Trying not to be annoyed by pro-gay rights GOPers either equivocating their support of POTUS's words or outright attacking his statement.
lets get this shyet going
oh man, #lefty looks like me hacking around in the trees on a golf course
Wow just wow we have differences i choose not to be associated with my life please do my a favor and abide by my wishes.
Wow I can't believe Linares lost that fight it seems like Mexican Fighters are his Kryptonite!!!
I LUV DALLAS! #Priority!
Um, YES! Wow, thank you! I will absolutely email you :)
Why of course....aren't you!?
Great choice!
Yes! So sorry I missed his talk, but happy to meet over lunch alfresco :)
People just don't understand me smh
RT : Hey everybody let's raise a paw, claw, hand 2 for her expert info on vaccination topic 2nite. #FINCH93ROCKS!
_+!|!! VIPS GOING FAST FOR SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...NEED ONE?? THEN TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
They told me that they were going to use my case to create a white paper to help other people.
Pissed Off ! Don't Wanna Be Bothered With Anybody Or Anything !
call or text??
#REMIX Hardwell has collaborated with up and coming Dutch DJ Dannic on his latest track “Kontiki ”. It starts off with a nice driving ba
Hey all ^^ I'm not on this account very often sorry >.<
Coming up soon: "Pie and Coffee" from 8-9!
Come join us Tues for great sandwiches, soups, and coffees. 101 Stewart (at 1st Ave aX from Pike Market) 7am - 4pm
Thanks brotha! Miss ya man! RT YO! Follow my boy and his upcoming film
Thanks for coming out to swap! Sorry you missed the fitting room with the full mirror in the back. Hope you love your finds!
sing WAITING FOR TONIGHT!! WOAAHHHOHHH!
great job!
shxt go hard
Well...considering it's after Midnight...not much at all! lol! How about you? :)
you kilt that song w/ skypp
And yes
Good luck!
Found Empire Brewing Co. My lunch is therefore beer and sweet potato fries.
Really impressed that are asking how they can volunteer for
lol should only be used ironicly
and yet most ISP is either thru a phone or cable company, lol
Great to have found you here & now gladly follow. Keep up the awesome work at Forbes. I saw that you're also from J-ville.
no I didn't. We walked in during the middle of ur matches agianst naperville north. You played them first right?
A cooking demonstration of hotel standard vegan dining
this wouldn't happen if you'd hangout with me..
not really lol
found it
The LA mayor Villaraigoza in press conference anounce the opening of freeway 405 with no incidents
quote "thank god this towm gets up for one o its teams" #capsfever at
Bahaha. Okay good. x]
This girl needs to learn to multi-task. Taking 5 tables at once isn't that hard.
Three day weekend coming up
ate at red lobster today... yum yum. and my li'l baby is 2 already as of today, i can't believe it!!
Tuesday I wanna do a northern Californian adventure. Any suggestions?
just people.
Get it together
Just had one of if not THE most amazing sandwich! The over the top meatloaf sandwich! So good!
you are very welcome!
- Please revise that to the "Top 11" because has to be there somewhere!
Can't wait to see my puppy!!
was it good for you? And, you're welcome.
Wow fine ignore my txt but your going around asking my best friend in the world why she's my friend!!? What's your problem?
I wish I could. I have a required event that day which is at the same time.
I hate being yelled at. I seriously burst right into tears mainly because im an over sensitive person. I just take things harder than normal
Interesting taste! Love the glasses.
today's sexual wednesday.
haha thanks then we just ask for RTs once I post it today :) please and thank you
Welcome new followers! Be sure to join our Founder, Greg Frost Sr's LinkedIn group today...Back 2 Basics Marketing. Not only for LOs
Don't b sad at goodbyes. A farewell is necessary b4 u can meet again. & meeting again, after moments or lifetime, is certain 4 friends.
thank you
“: U know your depressed when u don't even feel like tweeting...” that is SO true!!!!
#AskObama I have the inventions to save America but no money to patent or develop it. Pls give me grant money to help us.
What makes it less useful to you now?
Believing the City will break ground on the CC expansion this year is an exercise in magical thinking.
ladies i will see you ((FRIDAY)) sleepdilla is going ((Mobile)) text your name and side of town to 773 494-0878
from Albuquerque New Mexico but moving to Denver Colorado
Do you think that higher #education in #India is going to reach out to the masses?
#RomneyYachtNames Grandpa Self-Deported
What Keeps the Food Industry Moving Forward, University Research in Food Science, and the Future of Vending Machines ...
Ok I needed to hear that! Ending off this crazy night on a good note :)
Mourning the death of Joe Paterno - a truly great man and great coach.
My Sat nite: no penis, just percocet and Parking Wars.
u no who dis iz now?
167north, DeLorean disabled on right side. Anybody have an extra flux capacitor??
it went extremely well... We had a great time with trinity and got to meet some other dope ministry teams!
hahahaha nice nice.
you might as well start now to catch up with me.
Happy Birthday Shawn!
Once more, Ouch! : : I got a 70. Klouchebag
#Top100Lies Don't worry about a thing - Ive got it ALL taken care of. What a joke.
Lmao thank u I'll be fine Shaynna!!!!!! I won't freeze to death
$75 closer to our $400 goal by Feb 16. Be a backer and get some perks! indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. ~George Edward Woodberry
You open your eyes and the people you once knew have changed.
Braced Faced
tweet tweet
Elton looks pissed at Madonna. At least she kept her faux accent in the bag tonight.
All out! But on the rare occasion I don't I'm a eyebrow pencil only kind of girl.
Did you ever decide on a title for the OSF play?
Free estimates on your home remodle projects. Call me today.
thanks brotha! ya guys did better than we did, hopefully we both steal Game 2.
its funny how he thinks i.still have a lot of feelings for my old crush when really i dont -__-
Vince McMahon called the Oprah Network a "miserable failure"
Still time to get a gift certificate for a massage, pedicure, or Arasys 4 #Fathers Day ! Call 617-227-5499 www.adaraspaboston.com
that is an adorable picture. Enjoy the first Halloween with your son.
Write this Simma down folks. Ed Snider will not allow his players to be suspended in the playoffs..on HB & see the fans go nuts
Is your next cd ready?! Let us help build your Fan Base! MusicalStop.com !!!
follow me
Almost there! Congratulations on the best game I've seen...EVER!!!!
When it rains, we want cupcakes and coffee. Guess what we had for dinner?
is 'the most immediate way which a humanbeing can share with another the sense of what it is to be a humanbeing' O.Wilde
I can't read dutch, but I am 1/4 dutch if that counts...
Weather was so weird O_o
i have field days going through 's stuff. love love love.
damn straight son
I'm officially a girl now, I just got hair extensions today and I feel awesome.
Today i discovered that I love bluegrass. Where have you been all my life?
in the current battle against jetlag, i think i'm winning. we'll see how long that lasts... haha.
Saying a prayer and you felt it work >>>
aw it's all good, thx for reaching out! you were great at Pitch4k this summer, looking forward to hearing your set in March.
Banks might opt for shock therapy of letting BofA (or Citi) fail, hoping for a big bailout that would funnell money to the rest (a la AIG)
i like that i need i wont that i see that can i meet that where u be at..
just crazy to see one city spend millions on system others spend 400k... What's negotiated
PLS READ 's #EscapeFromCamp14: One Man's Odyssey from N. Korea to Freedom. Dystopia requires neither fiction nor time machine.
If you make a #digital mistake, admit it quickly and openly. Humor and humility go a long way.
wish you were here too! “: Wishing I was with my friend right now because Billy Collins is giving a Ted talk.”
H and Undertaker...quite a match! Respect n Submisson hahaha
You got it.
I bet a whole lot of homeless men on the NYC subway are real mad this Kony guy is getting all the attention
about to test my new waterproof #Lifeproof case in water
My phone really dont pop right now...its so dry...no one is talkin today.. 😒
Have fun be safe !(: i love you!!(:<33
currently drinking a green juice made of celery, spinach, apple, wheatgrass, and the taste of judgment cos I called a cupcake "breakfast".
Yep...I was right. It's Monday. Back to the grind.
So lately I've been spending ALL day on the computer, which is in my basement. & my mom thinks I'm trying to distance myself from her & (c)
Lightning talk: Susan, freelance historian & researcher. Hertiage Montgomery's Life In A Warzone. Life during the
i wanna dye mine back my hairs so dry :/
You tell me homie! I'm down for w.e.
Adrienne I think you should stop tweeting now.
USA...USA...USA! Bin Laden killed by American forces!
Guys, if anyone wants to make $50 cash doing 4 hours of extra work on a TV gig, email
This win today got me so pumped for next weekend. 3-peat here we come.
ANYWAYS! Which cuties are watching 's #ustream tonight?! :D:D
I don't care how old you are, how mean you are, how tall you are, If a little kid hands you their ringing toy phone, you answer that sh*t!
You know? Sometimes me conscience kinda bothers me... But not this time. ~ Bugs Bunny
“: To play or not to play” PLAY
#FF ! Our #AFT director!
I really really like Burn it down by linkin park. 
I can't get on twitter right now to RT your tweet, but I followed via txt if that counts :)
I'd tell ya, but the promotions department are responsible for further actions. I hope you get 'em soon!
“: Wtf ever since yall found out rihanna's last name was fenty yall Twitter names done changed” 😂
RT It's laughable/horrifying that the best we've come up with for queer kids is telling them "hang in there."
Thanks for the follow doll ;)
Heading out to west to stay on Venice Beach for a week and explore the L.A. area; will answer the question; "Can I live there full time?"
That's awesome.
in french. didn't do any of my homework.
About to get dressd the wifey ( ) an I r goin to the cinema
nope. 145 cases for the whole country. sorry.
S.O. 2 my 4th favorite intern (which she still isnt followin me) or better known as Ms. Racheal
I hate quotations. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
or find someway to have that connection to me?
Every meeting should end with a high-five tunnel. Finish the meeting & then game time!
lets hope not!
Staccato murmurs bubbled through the crowd. I had inflamed them. So be it. I was prepared to face the worst. I raised my fists.
aw dam! fell asleep on me..now whos ganna entertain me..haha
I sent Kit a note offering any help I cold do. The video I reposted this morning really struck home. sigh.
Congrats to for hitting 19k followers. This achievement unlocks ability to pants anyone wearing shorts on stage! cc
this is brand new information!!
Q4 #Foodiechats via What is your #AllTime favorite #Sushi Roll? - OH - so many!!! Dynamite Roll for sure!
I'm not #religious, i'm
Take part in new television show & could win up to a $1000 gift card to TS! TSC's Tough Grit - The Rural America Challenge
I find them changing the name on that label to "Trader Mings" racist.
lol no way he ever has, but he's red hot and using his size & I'm lovin it!
happy fathers day to mr. simpson :)<3
“: You know what hurts the most? the fact that i can't say i lost you. because apparently i never had you.”
Yay ... My college buddy is moving to san diego on the 29th ....
Luongo isn't Thomas, plain and simple, BUT he's not the only reason they lost. The Sedin sisters are nonexistent unless they're diving
Ive gotten soo many lectures about how much time I have to not pop out babies & how I'm so young....uh thhanksss
thanks for picking 12 noon today for the #fantasy draft. Not much else happening at that time.
My mom is giving me such attitude
we are officially concert buddies. It was so nice meeting you guys tonight! You all are the greatest!! ;)
yes the school you and I attend
My dad is listening to Fuck The Police.... This cannot be anymore awkward.
It's time to plant tulips! We're planting 10,000, how about you?
Thanks for following Vinyl Judgement. Keep up the good work!
now your saying that he shouldn't be the leader I don't get you if lebron is the leader why Chalmers was the top performer
Can't wait for bicentennial events!
5 years, 42 mil, 22 guaranteed. he better be suckin his agent off daily and swallowing for that deal. lol
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. - Proverb
Please wish my best friend a happy 17th birthday!?
Dis some str8 up bs it was my weekend and everybody was unhappy wit everything I did...sorry I felt da need to do something for me
Next weekend Im going out, I need a stress reliever!
#Darban's on 5th and Cedar is one of the absolute best #restaurants in #SanDiego! Seriously awesome.
Everyone needs to make sure to tell how handsome he looks in orange and blue...cc:
i knew Lyric wasn't just tan for his age.
psssh I can kick so many people's butts at Dance Dance Revolution. That's cool right?
public comment woke me up!
Aren't they yum, thanks 4 coming : Just left the farmers market. Forgot how much I liked boiled peanuts
Robson resigns from BC Quorum Court - Baxter Bulletin
best twist ever lol
yay and are comin today to
Search people - thanks for your help over the last 2 days. I'm flattered to have friends like you. You know who you are.
You're watching football now, not an appropo time to try to get you to respond to one of my tweets, but maybe someday.
oh . LOLOLO . i thought you really were i was like AWE<3
Ok, what am I working on.
My Family doesn't love me I haven't eaten since like 3, YET I get home from practice and their fa asses didn't leave me anything -.-
Statistically, 132% of all people exaggerate.
girl:i got to go to the bathroom.boy:yeah right you do more than that.girl:like what.boy:hair. makeup,take pictures of self.anything else
It's been months since a book on my electronic library wait list has been available. Today? Two came in. Simultaneously.
Editing This Video When It's Done It Will Great..🎥
That horrifying moment when a girl tells you she's a nerd & you ask her what nerdy stuff she likes and she only says Twilight.
aw thank you bek! yess let's definitely skype soon!
Nite tweeter... have fun y'all.. be safe tho uh.... blessings luvs.......
Chocolates & wine anyone? Our Valentine’s Day Pkg incl all you need to have a romantic getaway for $99.95. Call 360-696-0411 for details.
Have a great day!
My table mates' jittery typing is putting my coffee at risk of spilling.
Keep your eye on Kon-E-zee for its May 1st Roll Out in Florida
I think I have strained both my hands and eyes from overtweeting. Reception time!
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 4
so are we all going to radiohead in austin or what? you got the procurement tony?
You are at humanside
Happy Belated Birthday
Lmao she ham. I dig it
Love, love the cookie lady.
yes, reporting: one of my faves, thx!
the "MCA" resolution is genius sir. i know it passed senate but if there's anything else that's needed, i'm in.
I agree with you & understand, but without them, people whine, complain, bitch and moan. This is OUR team, or atleast it should be
Who's buy lunch?
-I Need To Go To Sleep!
Repost if u ever tried to turn off the light and jump in the bed before it went off....or open the fridge door b 4 the light came on...lol!
A new study is saying you may not want to wear high heels 5 days a week... hear more on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
I would agree to that!
Thank you for affirming me as a person/book reader/book blogger! ;) You just made my day.
Are you at #SXSW already? Bring an umbrella.
shut up :p I NEED to pass
Happy #TunesTuesday.....oh yeah!
heard you were coming for a night! :) yay wish you could stay longer!!
interesting...I know nothing of the NC theatre scene other then the shitty Outdoor summer drama I used to run in Boone.
nice- lots of interests i see. that's good- what teams would you be interested in blogging about?
Just registered for the Atlanta Half Marathon on Thanksgiving Day! :D
#Birthdays in #Vegas are so flipping fun! :) What are you guys into? Shows, tours, clubs, an adrenaline rush like no other?
Have you heard the new track!
Fun night reffing faculty game with had some tough calls but we took the critics
Looking to do some camping this weekend! Can anyone suggest a good place to find some gear?
While on my motorcycle, my Ray Bans fell out of my jacket somewhere on 465. Not sure how I'm going to go on.. 😭
thank you, likewise it was great meeting you yday I hope to make it tomorrow.
oh yes, cannot get enough of that yummy drama + scandal!! RT: Counting down until #revenge ...
When converting foreign currency, do you transaction at a bank.
Why can't I be skinny 😞
please run for president.
so either i have a job or not on wednesday hahaha we eill soon find out
#5bestsmells his cologne...😔
Birth, copulation and death. That's all the facts when you come to the brass tacks. T. S. Eliot
Happy 4th of July!!!
Awareness and focus is key
Councilmember Ed Reyes speaking for Chinatown residents. Concerned about traffic given school across street
It's a branding thing--we have always done that weekend. Don't want to create confusion. + cost enters into equation
I am about to start a course to get my ESL certificate and am so excited about the possibilities that will open up.
W/BREAST cancer how do you support it??
Students! Get into any of our shows for $1 this weekend. Just show us your student ID.
um so like when are you, Dee Dee, and I going for an all night stroll? lol I just had fantasies of us cruising, lol.
Watching "The Ed Show" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Hey man. I just saw you took the site down. As bitter as some of the guys have gotten, your site serves such an imp. purpose
soo I decided ur gonna walk with me to class from now on haha. :)
Yo I'm in NYC txt me I lost all my numbers
No school for me :)
"Eat more bacon" that's about it... ;)
Here's your next clue - The winner of the Santorini Sweepstakes has been a member since January 14th, 2011.
It was for me....my first ND game...full house...also look at Liberty Bowl victory over Ohio State.
Jammin real wit you at 2 am
I'm such a ladies man. Well older ladies man. -.--
Let's start a google doc before we meet in person so we don't lose the ideas!
Good morning to you too
Were stating the show in anout an hour, if you have any questions for on air send um here!
come get me!
Congrats Lady Owls on the win tonight!
Yeah, I learned A LOT of key info to being successful. But on the side I'm going to a technical college. #busy!
For drivers on Oakton St that I just entertained by jumping out of my skin bc of huge lightning strike& then pouring rain, you're welcome :l
Amazing weekend not ready for school tomorrow though
thank you Kela!
Kymani "Biggs" Marley Performs in Spain Tonight. Then Back To The Production Of The Shottas TV Series. Play Time Over.
Finally in Charlotte! Whew! What a looonngg day!
haha all the time I going to stop in for a better hello but I didn't know if you were busy. Better be seeing you again..randomly
Hatton: I ain't as dumb as I look! Folsom: You couldn't be!
"poor people" don't have iphones : )
Merry Christmas, hope everbody gets it in because it tis the season.
my lord you will b ok
RT : RT : Dear "cool people", They didn't name a candy after you, did they? Sincerely, Nerds
Watching because I can't sleep! [^?^]
"Lump Sum" by Bon Iver. Holy beautiful.
LOL, yeah I have the same problem with the same kid :-D
how do u kno
That's a dingy ass hat you wearing lol
Tonight i'll be spinning ! Get ready because it's gonna be really wild. Can't wait!
My daughters are still young, 4 and 10 months. They are a joy! I love the portraits of your daughter. How old is she now?
nah, fuck bills. The best things in life are free man.
29 points and 13 assists for Parker
When life gives you lemons, take 'em. Free shit is cool.
sippin on gin and juice
My life right now >>>>
Saving it till the end!!
Names being called, the guy called him crazy, the other guy called him an ass
No problem. I've been dealing with turntable stuff myself. Want to get mine set up again.
so im convinced this thing in my nose is a tumor
I thought I was the only one, Rich. Yet, another thing we have in common.
Can u talk about balancing passion 4 ur work & practical salary considerations? Have u found that balance?
Disarmament, with mutual honor and confidence, is a continuing imperative. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Two breaking stories. Tim Tebow is now a #Jet and #Saints coach Sean Payton has been suspended for the entire 2012 season.
All 439 of those will be on Facebook tomorrow talking about their moral victory.
Pinterest is next my friend. And they will go for at least twice that ransom.
Is this your new Eat Right NFL campaign thing?
Just confirmed THE will be singing with the T Brewer Trio at Birdland Jazz in Berk on 4/22! hope ur in attendance!
Well, actually, I did read Drifting House. Very sad.
lulz okay actually going to sleep now NANIGHT x
I wanna see you since you're back in the country and pissing people off already ;)
where in Fairmount is Hickory Lane Bistro?
I really enjoyed this weekend with my family though...
I just wanna shop online in euros. #evolvingfurnituretaste #skitsch wish it was more avail stateside.
I dislike hypocrites. I ain't bout that life.
It's offical I got all A's and I am a member of AIGA today is a great
Happy Birthday, !
Jesus Christ his tongue is the size of my entire body.
Today I Watched hockey, baseball, horse racing, ufc, basketball, and now canelo/Mosley and mayweather/cotto bout to go down... Go Thunder
Thanks for re-tweeting. Have a wonderful week!
That awkward moment when you do something creative - like draw or write a song - And then realize it sucks.
...most of the people who walk into my store either have tattoos or piercings....i think I'm falling into that category....lol
*Tears* >>RT : Got damn Popeyes high as shit. $7 for a 2 piece? How long this been going on?
Happy birthday to our wonderful volunteer resume writer, Phil Graham!
Miami is looking like trash!
Best Deal in #Portland. This weekend we are selling all new vehicles at invoice!
great! Glad to hear it :-)
should come into school early and work on the broadcast.
or tartar sauce.
not really. We have a newsletter that gets put out sporadically, but with FB we plan on getting more info out.
is MJ really gone?
i just proved i will serenade yo b****!....nigga...
God, I love how filthy you are. I'm really hot and bothered right now.
- read the article! Good looking out dawg!! Just a matter of time.... #we already there...
Shopping to wear nothing tonight. For bare bowling! !!!!
Attending Transforming Libraries webinar. Super interesting stuff about co-ownership & conversation to engage the community.
They're having major dropped-calls problems and you guys offered to swap for an inferior phone. Why not let them pay difference?
and let's not forget
I really...REALLY...dislike Shakespeare. This class is worthless to myself and anyone in it...#Shakespeare is overrated.
lol nah my nigga never that..
When your feather is longer than your hair you should reconsider.
how can I share with my non-twitter friends your prank and the most notable reactions? do you have a chronological compendium?
Why? Because beetle feet are incredibly well designed, and might even inspire a new type of adhesive.
I will never, ever, ever take artists for granted again.
u said it....draft day baby!
If They Said Anything Mean, I Wouldn't Be Able To Hear Them Anyway Over Hunter And My Muffled Singing! (:
3 times as many products as Amazon.com, 1 shopping cart 4 over 45 million products, comparison shopping & the worlds best compensation plan
"the night was filled with life but my glass was always empty"
Im going to be done with all social networks soon as fake instagram profiles start following me
You should use it in a post. It's so perfect!
I love my family
being a parent is the most rewarding and difficult job i have ever had in my life. i just need a translator who speaks 11 year old please!
Love the rain...
If you're having girl problems I feel bad for you son. I've got 99 problems but a bitch aint one.
I messages him back. Unfortunately I'm catching an early flight tomorrow morning. :-(
It looked much better that the Vikings' performance so far. We're down by 3 to Detroit after the first quarter
Good Morning Fans! Where are all of your pics of your weekend gigs?
you worked on O.A.R's music video? awesome dude! I'm gonna visit sometime!
- yep. You sure did Brian! We both married out of our pay grade! Tell Majannah & the kids we said hi.
Having a major #sugarcraving right now...but I'm not giving in!!
See this week's winner below!
alas, no....but I have a HS friend in the Twin Cities who I'm pitching it to (L&D/training type)
Now I know how hard it is 2 get followers I have retweeted lots of people and ONE of de only people 2 follow is thnx a lot!
Whoa. Thank you for the info. I see CTA has service is back to normal now.
Awesome article. Thanks for sharing.
how is chicago? :D
Studio 7004 menu 2night: Oxtail Stew for me, NY Strip for Katie, Steamed Mussels for Olivia, Roasted beets/carrots for all. M.
Checkout Jordis on Youtube...Amazing Rock to almost a Gentleness that carries the message of the Writer...I Believe in Jordis
In the studio droppin some serious shit with and
Sartre experience vecue williams lived experience j chander England N 1819 + women’s lib consciousness raising me = <3 othr peples footnotes
. great to see you on Twitter!
If you have a poster that outlines the tenets of Self-Determination Theory pinned up in your office…
yes they will! I'm excited!
Did you know that pierre Beaumarchais, author of the Figaro play, was also a gun runner and spy during the American Revolution?
Ha! That mixes it up a bit - maybe I should teach them tomorrow for cool points...
is hanging with 14th & U Noon-2 this afternoon. Come say hi!
on a more serious note, chestal works wonders - you can get it at cvs
thank you too
RT Just imagine how much shorter church would be if Busta Rhymes was the preacher... Even quicker if twista were the preacher
RT : This is Friendship Seven. I can see the whole state of Florida laid out like on a map. Beautiful.
the thought has crossed my mind. But I'm not sure my therapist would approve.
wise choice. you should also escape campus. and eat some chicken express for me. and their okra. oh how i miss the okra.
shoes and clothes all over my room -.-
oh, I would have thought that it would have been the voices in your head
idk darling! I miss you too! Probably when.I move home whenever that is!
Ha, Thanks sis! Mucho Love to you!!
Happy birthday to Such a stud! Such a great example of Jesus. Such a huge help/encouragement in my life.
i want to go to Africa and take pictures of lions... #IsThatWeird?
Seeing a spider in my sandwich isn't a problem. It becomes a problem when i realize i've already eaten half of the sandwich. #sogross!
ALL NEW STUFF UP :D
Have u ever seen Wanda Sykes and Usher together at the same time? Just sayin...
good answer. Looking forward to the show here in Denver... In the ghetto.
wishing to get a retweet/tweet from ... lol who am i kidding?!
yeah i dont think i have any listed though if i do i def need to update that... i always leave the quantity high as people add
songs been out for a little while now, good stuff!
oh well have a safe flight darling!!!! be glad you missed steps last night... i wanted to die. it was soo hard
Hide the evidence.
Zeno's 2nd Paradox: First step, no matter how long the journey, is infinitely small.
"The Loneliest Lion" ...
Step up and lead the world to stop Kony's crimes this year #KONY2012 #[yourcountry]
Love The Daily Show (watching it now!) and The Colbert Report. Keeps all the rightwing craziness in check.
I miss this:(
Thanks Evan, I am looking forward to it.
today they are :-)
An ethos from which we can all learn.
it would indeed! I'm not sure I'm the man with the power unless there's a specific open job here you are interested in
Austin retweeted you!!! OMG
Pocket Full Of Sunshine : )
How many pounds do you guys want to lose by May? :) and How many pounds do you want to lose overall? Let's support eachother!
If u ain't getting money what u doing
you guys are nailing it
Thanks, Fifth Element Soundtrack, for going along *perfectly* with my Hunger Games reading time last night.
and it's off! (now we wait.)
you already are
Gave an interview to a journalism student this morning and now extremely curious as to what angle she will write on or use for her class.
4 more hours. American Horror Stories. You have me HOOKED.
Always had a soft spot for Hermione Granger from Harry Potter! Love that she used the library to problem-solve.
Thanks! Watch us in Chicago Thursday at 9pm on
I respectively disagree ocho... He was our bread and butter for years and purposely wanted to play for our rival team. I'm hurt
Happy birthday native americans! Thanks for inviting the founding fathers to shoot off fireworks with you.
Thank you. I've been practising that disco fever pose for many years now!
that's a good thing!
Best book I read this week: The Book of the Maidservant by Rebecca Barnhouse. funny, touching, adventurous Medieval pilgrimage story
thank you for the twitter love! a couple friends joined this week and they are so excited for their first box! you are awesome!
The saying " if u always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you always got" Is soo true!
What a gorgeous start of a weekend.
Sprint is the Poor Man's Verizon ... think the Upside is they still have Unlimited Data but ya can't Talk @ Surf @ same time!
bwahahahahahahahaaa! RT : What in the HELL is going on right now?
Good Morning everyone....hope yall have a great day!
you know, I gave you my number. :p
On this episode of #cinemapocalypse we'll talk Statham and Segel as well as review The Lucky One and Goon. Help me spread the word and RT:)
Retweet if you think should sign up for the CrossFit Games. #crossfit (cc: )
thanks for sharing your thoughtful remarks abt. interoperability and mobility features with the group!
haha u mean arabic this is hebrew קהע ללש ףץנ hehehe spybar huh nice i will try to stop by going to grandbar for a bit
Spent about $200 on varieties of berries which I'll be planting in about 15 minutes.
thank you :)
I'm a very good keeper of secrets.
RT #YouKnowItsRealWhen I share my food with you.
oh and I miss you too(:
Leverage your #linkedin contacts to create field trip and speaker opportunities 4 students!
VOC Tip: You choose who you allow in your inner circle. Do you want to soar with the eagles or cluck with the chickens?
NOT ON TWITTER
does she need some company?
Hanging out with my Best Sisters &
Sir em i dont have a mustache that's u mom lmaooo dont beat me
RT "Put power of engineers in the hands of artists & designers"
If it aint about Music Ministry it aint about nothing in my world, if I dont praise God with this instrument Im done the enemy cant have it!
Feedback from the single has been amazing, thanks guys! keep spreading the word!!!!
Good morning vin!
I like the big ten spectrum of coaches...but the big-tenification of the game (grabbing on def and moving picks on off) is bad...
B**** I'm on my EDDIE WINSLOW today!
Alice, I hope everyone starts singing, "I saw the Light".
so what time is it there?
Reading about all the amazing benefits of boabab extract and shea butter on the skin. Pretty amazing stuff!
We have no wait at the moment. Come on over to #FountainSquare and get some Thai food and a
life is all about change. Embrace and enjoy.
i almost lost mine! Lol
tell him we understand Samardzija is the 2nd best receiver in Chicago but Wrigley Field stopped hosting the Bears in the 60s
#RedSox LF Daniel Nava throws strike to home after catching liner to left, holding all runners.
it's unacceptable..how could the club allow him to go ahead with such a thing..they're all of sewage mentality.
Reading #leadfromthe heart. You hooked me right from the start. Working on you being on "Change Your Life Radio" soon!
#twitterconfession : the beard is getting shaved. longest iv been without shaving..i like it, but just not ready for it yet haha
on mah way
#ThankYouFriends For being the fucking best people in the world! I love you lots<33
First outdoor tanning session complete!! #Seattle #Fremont Accompanied by Taylor and Coco Cola!
Wish i could be there! Have to work RT :Playing a show in Atlantic City, NJ at 10:00 PM today at Mixx
Today is all you'll ever have
Join us for a cocktail this evening here at QBar in the Hotel #Albuquerque! Just North of Mountain on Rio Grande!
When we taste the bitter end, & hunger life again, we take another turn..
Does your bank like you? Well, we do! Like us back!
To my dog advocate followers/friends - any idea why my Golden licks my Sheppard's ears (the inside) all the time? Odd or just bonding?
#GoldenGlobes Why are those people howling and screaming? So, this is what happens when u don't have an education?
Politely turns up Mary Mary "Go Get It" in my ear buds...
Too hot!!! Lol. Elizabeth McGovern doesn't age!!!!
thanks! Again I had a great time.
I am still hoping to make it to Homework, it'll be a busy and exciting fall!
lol...and my crush is preggo,
How is everything
And this is why I love you. So funny!
James Bond will be drinking beer rather than his signature vodka martini in the next Bond film Skyfall-and 007 fans are not happy about it.
The real risk is doing NOTHING
that's what happens when u only do 20k 1st week
thanks for the RT my friend! :)
Do you have any Saturday morning specials? I need to get the wife out of the house!!
My roommate decided to be a stunt driver with my truck yesterday
Looking forward to seeing you (if you can spare the time)
Dominated in ping pong today. He's good at programming...just OK at ping pong.
yea I can its gonna be like 100-120 a tray tho...that's like 10-15 brownies
Hm I think my next tattoo is gonna be my dad face
Yes, #GlenBeck - God is finally exacting his righteous punishment on the human race. What kind of idiots listen to this guy??
is this guy serious... RT : Settle a debate between and I. Better looking? USC Song Girls or LSU Golden Girls?
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, But the wisdom that comes from heaven is first of all pure; then peace-loving, considerate,...
Thanks for the late lunch!
Here a dawsism that came out today. I told my publicist Tiffany Bearden that her knees were buzzing cause... She's the bees knees haha!
being influential in deVries would be pretty boss though
and you have to have a paid subscription to read about it...
"Somehow it all works out"
sell it.
Cause you decided to go all manly, fella ♥
good question.
It's Friday! Get a little crazy tonight but stay safe everyone xx
Did Dick Cheney get a heart transplant the same way George W and Dan Q got National Guard appointments?
one of my favorite movies, funny but sad at points but very real and very good.
: ) RT : if Members could trade on bill futures in a congressional market
MN bands are in Austin, Texas for a wildly popular music festival. Which ones are performing. Find out at 4PM on
At the ABNY Young Professionals event with 32BJ President Mike Fisman
that is powerful. time to crush live poker with that thing
That awkward moment when you trip UP the stairs.
Q3) LD needs to measure success by learners improving performance on the job.
Sunday is for cleaning and cleansing. Clean house = clear mind.
Me: "Oh, no! You can't eat chicken with a bum thumb." Mama Bear: "Uh, yes you can. Nothing comes between a bitch and her chicken."
“: On twitter instead of sleeping...#YOLO” why do I live this way?
Hey everyone, for a great tan offer go to dealoria.com. 55% off unlimited tanning at U Tan.
I MEAN I DIDNT SEE THE GAME AT ALL.
Just got asked to prom in the cutest way! Love my BFF! Now I'm truly excited for prom! :)
Did they let you pass? We're trying to get thru coming back from NYC to Boston.
" love you the right way, he aint gunna ! "
Get the word out! Express Lube is giving away CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to a Spurs game. Visit www.expresslube.com to enter.
yeah I haven't.
MTV should just forgo the upcoming season of Teen Mom and give Jenelle her own show. I'd watch the shit out of that ongoing train wreck!
wow t nasty. I thought we had something
If at first you don't succeed, fuck it. What's on TV?
I have to work on my AND 9 Months </3 #grrrrr -__-
sorry serge
Rockin' my #convert2revert shirt today! What are you rockin' out?!
Mystikal is back
Where did all of the mobile payments news go? Became used to expecting a few major stories a day.
came to WMHS with nine friends. finished with two.
Yes! Leave it to Saturday!
This is objectively speaking, swear to God, but Favre's post-game press conferences were great. He moved you. You felt his pain, success.
im on my twitter from one ipod & my facebook on another ipod. like a boss
what would you do without us?
He said I got Groupies, Hoes, & A Fan Club .... Damn Idek that lol lol
Changed my mind so much I can't even trust it, my mind changed me so much I can't even trust myself
Was I supposed to feel giddy after taking part in my 1st Quinnipiac Univ poll?! Awesome!
idc if you dont like kobe as a person, you have to respect the way he plays the game
Thank you so much for the #FF LOVE! :-) You guys cook with awesomesauce!
i tought he`s with selena ????? o.O
must be on his way up... He's got a name tag waiting for him.
Looking for a #Gators win in the near future
most certainly!
Focus on WHAT for competence. Focus on HOW for involvement. Focus on WHY for inspiration.
And thats how the cookie crumbles.
Last 18 hrs: met girl just out of juv hall, learned about health of Chula Vista kids, story abt refugee headed to Stanford. Work is fun.
i absolutely love 'Afternoons w/ David Hockney' it's such a jam!! The new album is amazing!!!
hey was citability.org chosen for something? nifty!
better question is who are you?
We need this come on #Grizzlies #conley Ballin
Thanks for sharing!
wow actin is really my first love. how i love it so... truly my calling and form of expression.
Looking for a position working at a University (Alumni Relat., Student Activit., or Freshmen Life) or to Transition into Early Childhood
hi Melissa! Thank you so much for watching my rap!! I love the show so much too! I followed you also!! --Claire!!
hell no I don't have another one I just started working 3 months ago but with all my bills It's hard
Thanks for the comments on my pics hehe
...think "higher" fat instead of low carb. Fat and protein keeps you fuller and gives you needed calories. Would not go too...
Just skip my "big kiss" tho ...
PRAYING GOD NEEDS TEW B A PRIORITY NOT A OPTION OR CHOICE!!!WE DNT GVE GOD OUR ATTENTION BT ALWAYS WNT SUM
Times like this I wish my dogs could be inside ^.^
Just got my new obey shirt :)
Gary Thorne takes off occasionally, and when he does Jim Hunter fills in.
I need info but no one is texting back!!
WOAH!! “: If true, I got at least one right. Relieved. Hearing Hérculez Gómez is being called into USMNT camp.”
u asked lol.. i was just helpin u out light skin shesh
Misused word #237: PENULTIMATE
MT : There will be a TweetUp this year. Elizabeth (Chicago President) is putting it together. Follow #stc12 for more info.
Listen! Did you hear her screaming as each man takes turn raping her?
REAL men take NAPS!!
Thanks for the follow. I'll spread the word about the Cash Bash.
this guy is unbelievably terrible!
Think my head is preparing to explode. Email loaded with writing/reviewing offers. I know, POOR ME.
Changing the world of mobile commerce one coupon at a time
WHO GOING 2 CIAA??? IF SO go to www.werunci2012.eventbrite.com TO GET TIX TO THE HOTTEST EVENTS OF THE WEEKEND!
I knocked back one for each TD in the falcons playoff game XLV year. Good shit
can't sleep .
NO school today ^_^
you know, I think you may be on to something. Hopefully your day gets better.
Honoring and saluting all who've served on this Remembrance Day. We are ever thankful for your courage and commitment. Happy Veterans Day.
Otis had me cracking up today
Congratulations to (and our friend ) on Best New Startup of 2011!
4 month sleep regression continues. I'm tired.
Bluestone says the #BelmontBridge design competition could be "great opportunity" to create new space/area/feeling for city
Watching chopped and on twitter i love my life
Thank you for all your hard work you put into vador.tv your interviews are invaluable for a start up company.
Fasten your seat belts fans. This 4th quarter could get really interesting
I'm freezing! I loathe this storage facility on rainy days.
Emo girls need to go cry in the bathroom
If I had to pick one food to eat for the rest of my life, it would probably be Pop Tarts. That's what's on my mind today.
no worries do you come to Dallas often if so im still down 4 drinks my treat! my # 214-724-0429 thnx 4 ur time
Have tons of fun though! Is Andrew going too? :)
PUT A PIC OF UR SHOES
Going to see the hunger games soon!
RT I could complain this morning BUT instead I thank God!!!
Let us know and maybe we can meet up!
I think that if everyone watched Glee the world would be a better place.
84 away so I need a "I'll have another" type stretch drive to catch up! Best of luck with the Champions 4 Kids! Great cause
#Bestdressed was definitely #GwenethPaltrow she looked flawless!
I had a feeling most celebrities were completely worthless people. Then Twitter came along and confirmed my suspicions.
you rap about "What's a goon to a goblin" I believe the correct answer is
Oh the music grind is an interesting one
My butt looks cute when I lay on my stomach :)
can we PLEAASSEEE go fishing next week??
omg I wish I could be there. I will find a tv and yell from there.
we'll do #kingsisland another time. Just be
Did you get some digits on Friday at " Guys, man up and call her. #BeAMan"
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life. -Les Brown
Happy New Years Eve <3;
haha true so then I suppose it's equal ;))
I thought it was Love & HIP HOP what's Hip Hop about showcasing nothing but Cat fights!!! Show should b "The Hip-Hop Girlfriends"
you sir made one of the best desserts!!
Lol!! Thanks, Heather (: She's mah sweet angel<3
Drinks with Prem = awesome
Don't put that in your mouth!
Everything that shines isn't always going to be gold. Stay positive!
Thanks for the shout Danny
Let me know when you find it. I'm Yacht ready in da Bronx!
Lol Nick Young
Journey's " Don't Stop Believin'" just came on, and the restaurant instantly got quieter. People wanna listen, I can tell. cc:
#LPR2011 to #TedCruz - will Rs support #immigration reform that includes #amnesty? Probably not.
WELL SAID!
i can enter to win nyc tickets OMFG
Yes. read all 3.
pretty well man. Hows school going?
#obama should lead by example - > #spreadthewealth w/ all the campaign $ he's raising.
Great connection group tonight!
Don't you hate when you belatedly realize there's a grammatical mistake in a tweet?
You mean Beer and Weed on the way home.
If you start out doing it.....they will expect it ever time.....
It's been 22 hours since tweeted and I need him to tweet again. I'm going through withdrawal.
don't have too much fun without me!!
Have to see Safe House this weekend, as well as host clients at the Fox Theater!
I want to cuddle with her
How am I dying from 2 miles after I did 13 last week? My knees are killing me!
I'll never let your head hit the bed without my hand behind it
Webcam won't work. I need to take a new photo of my self. -.- le takes the other laptop. Lol trying to take photos on two laptops HAHA epic
Who's taking me to lunch? “: It's Ben Franklin's Birthday! Take a librarian, postal worker or scientist to lunch!”
We're going to make a Costco run on Friday, too.
Look at me gettin all philosophical on yalls asses. Don't act like y'all don't love that shit.
If it's been that long... have you been requoted since? You're probably overspending by a lot. If we can help, let us know.
Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire. - William Butler Yeats
What the hell, Milan? If you loose this game..
RT Life is what happens to you while you're busy making animated gifs of that fucking TV show about mopey vampires.-J. Lennon
The third clue in our Santorini Sweepstakes is, the winner lives near water.
“We enjoy the process far more than the proceeds.” - Warren Buffett
Why does my iPhone keep wanting to change the word "hell" to "he'll". Get a grip Apple. Some of us do curse! LOL
Early to bed, early to rise, makes you healthy, wealthy & wise.
If you are thinking of selling please contact me for a FREE Analysis. 585-455-2443. Tons of buyers looking
.. I will see both of you in a few... Lol
A friend wants to know if fashion bloggers can deduct money spent on clothes. And if she should then immediately begin blogging. About pants
okay, i don't accept it. take care
youre gonna kill it! wish i was there
#Dodger game tonite with wife and son. Early but not even 1/8 of a crowd. Thankfully I'm a #Rockies fan!
So I'm usually very secretive about this information but I thought why not.. my sensitivity I'm playing on right now is 20, 30, 25
Wow! He is a very handsome young man!
I love my bestfriend ; no one even knows how much! I can't express it enough<3she's my one&only bestfriend & always will be;*
SSEDS leads the way !
Saw #Hangover2 last night, it was pretty epic! review to follow shortly
leslie harris from tmz on with us in minutes
good morning everyone. ready to tackle the day :)
But I'm Not Gunna Do It I Only Have One Class Left ! .
just drew up a reapers holding a M4 assault rifle for my old SF unit to use as there new SF Symbol...wicked
I was your friend when nobody else was..
70 ultra high quality ingrediants in one delicious shake! The healthiest meal of the day! Do you want FREE a sample of Shakeology?
I got yo protein
Doesn't look like the #occupydc protestors are quite ready to leave. Should make it fun to walk around McPherson Square today.
Have you entered our ***FREE TICKET FRIDAY*** contest? Check it out now!
You owe me a car wash.
retweet if you can't live one day without Selena<3
hm thats good!
aww, thanks friend! :o)
good day to you too Daniel
ha it was his second one, first was just for $3500
You deserve 9,000th tweet. #Congrats Victoria :{) You made all the best tweets to everyone. Many Victorians love you. ♥ :)
. We will take you up on that, if/when legislation is being debated.
He didn't want you for five months. Then out of nowhere he desperately wants you and you don't find anything weird about that?
Monica, are you still located down here in FL? I'm a free agent so-to-speak also. It's still a great accomplishment by you.
lets do something kinda urban like trey songz or even Ne-Yo-
SOMEBODY tell these local hating Ho's that Im GLOBAL....
A Price To Pay
I don't think I've ever been this excited/nervous about a game in my life! Come on
don't let the agent get you down... looking forward to introducing you tomorrow at
Fuck your life.
Watching Gary Carter coverage is sad. As a 5-6th grader I loved the 86 Mets. Did a HS book report on his autobiography. RIP
looking forward to being in Triple D at the meet and greet. S/O to
Who's excited for the weekend?!? 1 more day!
.i want to get faded with HIM <333
#YourNotUglyBut Your attitude is.
If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as lines produced but as lines spent. ~ Edsger Dijkstra
Hey ! Can you talk with me!? Nobody want talk with me!
Just won the Book of Mormon lottery!
So we let the guy were getting compensated for choose his compensation and were surprised we got a nobody? Makes sense.
maybe, if I can get someone to drive me.....
Logan Co. State's Attny: Bond now set @ $1 million for Jeremy Yates, 32 y/o accused of beating & robbing bartender @ Korn Krib in Latham.
Matthews is a fool and guess what stupid, Hussain Obummer will indeed be defeated in 2012..thrill up your leg gone you slobberer..
Nope, don't think so, keep me posted on your whereabouts so we can meet up
Have to take these immunization shots today /:
RT New Girl is killing me. You guys need to watch this show. Seriously.
donald quit frim embarassment after the game
not sure about this camelbak water bottle just yet...
Ben Fry at U.Va.'s New Horizons event. We're never going to have less data. How do we deal with it?
RT I use to love tami cuz she was real but this situation is over the top!!!
Showering with a sunburn has to be one of the most painful things in life.
I think I may have just accidentally wandered into a Bangladesh street fair...?
My fish are like that too! One day they got sick of it and bit the bully's tail off, but even that didn't stop him. o.O
We're putting together a "MEET N DRINK" with these guys... My Darkest Days. They party quite hard. U might want to practice...
Dionte Burton has great elevation on his shot maybe too much
its not as much fun without brets flip-outs and angry mood swings haha
haha....of course! I'm laughing only b/c I don't have to bathe her.
Band Tonight at 9 pm. Lone Star buckets 10 dollars all night!
Attention , I know rush hour varies across VA, but in DC rush hour is PEAKING at 8am. Meaning, don't begin construction on 50.
haha I told you(: I'm a little sore too though!
": can this cleve fan pleasee get a reply! i still love u!" then thats your problem not his, get off his D
asparagus walrus are the most majestic of creatures. ;)
Sister Christian...."Motoring" = "Motor Boating" his sister and how she found Mr. Right
ATTN: Everyone be sure to tune in Today (11/22) to BET's 106 & Park for the premiering of 's music video Ride Wit Us!!
When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on for so long in the first place.
This rainy NYC weather blows... not exactly inspiring unless crying in a bathtub alone while wearing clown make up is your kinda thing. haha
As a librarian I find the current letter on Amazon's homepage just gross.
#iUse for #Networking and connecting w/ long lost folks you #Super THIRSTY muthafuckas annoy me. (That Is All) ..
Cheers to all the moms out there!!
lol these bitches dont even know my name !!!!!! thats the crazy part . ctfu .
I'm doing well; just under a deadline for a marketing presentation tomorrow for a small nonprofit. How are you?
#MMchat how important is the 'social media policy' to reputation mgmt?
excuses excuses Madeline. Man up! Lol
- Unfortunately, the lie is working. Brown is gaining significantly in the polls, mostly among white men.
Awesome tour & mtg at today. Really cool space & an awesome addition to the Boston/Cambridge #startup community.
Whenever I go to the liquor store, I get the same feeling as going to a fireworks stand as a kid
Chicken Little will forever be one of my favorite movies.. Thank you Disney for having it on right now
When a friend needs you, you do whatever it takes to be there for them.
u sent me a dm and i am so cofused.
We really wish we could be in Scottsdale for the screening on Thursday. Hardest part of being an indie filmmaker - $$$.
Yeeah,I've 3months with the best man in my life;***I love U
