HIGH SCHOOL made everyone either cool, uncool, bisexual, real, fake, pregnant, dropouts, alcoholics, pot heads or somewhere in jail.
for the win!
Playin Resident Evil 5 with my son.
Miami Dolphins: Deciphering fact from fiction regarding Jake Long
Just when I told myself I didn't care....voila....then, I do.
very nice! One day we might open for lunch...Glad you enjoyed...how about Meli?
I'm sad I didn't have the time to pay more attention to the #cildc stream these past few days. Hope to search out blog posts for roundups.
Gym Time :)
that is the whole point of flatiron. It's the parts you need to build a framework. It's geared toward engineers, not users
is finishing up a Feb getaway to Riviera Maya for clients.
The difficult we do immediately;the impossible takes a little longer US Army
Yes, it was!
Have you ever peeped that show M$ Contractor is the man on that show.Check him out on Big Dawg With A Big Heart
when will you come back to Philippines?
thanks v. I appreciate it.
I decided last year my new dream to reach for before I turn 40 is to throw out the first pitch at OPACY for my , 9 yrs to achieve:)
Yeah, so when can I live on my own?
Tits r OK too I guess o_O
#FF recommendations! Our Gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
DC Sports. We don't do regulation.
That's impossible.
It's always darkest before dawn. Dawn never seems to come. Darkness growing, black enveloping.
I love my mother ❤😘
Had an awesome/uplifting conference call this morning...what a great start to my day!
Off to band camp
I am IN!
i'm going to try to get you to follow me when i meet you tomorrow in LA....been trying for a year i hope it will happen
Of course That would just be expected of such classiness.
thats good ahaha what did you do?
I just went for a walk with Mom & Dad. I took a big pee in someones yard. OOOOPSSSIEEEEEE. I couldnt hold it any longer.
That was tough tony parker
The greatest crime in the world is not developing your potential. When you do what you do best, you are helping not only yourself, but the w
So Old Style is back at Wrigley for at least two more years...glad I won't have to put Wrigley on the R.I.P. list...
Nothin like it!!! RT : Home sweet home.
just had a weekend without wifi, no air on the bus, and everybody crabby from it. great to be back in prague.
is working on a giving brochure
I haven't but I so need to! Sounds like a perfect Sunday challenge for me :)
Just learned Giuliana's delicious crust recipe. She is turning me into a homemade pizza master! Call us and we'll make a pizza JUST FOR YOU!
my friend does i can get it i live in hollywood
the mavs look so old on the court i swear im looking at a old folks home
Chloe was amazing! I cried a little!
Why are you up so early? :)
great. i have to go back to that tomorrow... god if you'll let me have one night be good, please let it be semi-formal. i dont deserve this.
im Baked over cooked, well done...lmao
Äaaaaaaaaa! I knew it!!!!!!!
likes to lick buttholes in her spare time
Does ban cell phones in the car after just crashed?
...the way you bend my will. NRBQ version by any chance?
NOW>>Big Russ is playing the best classic Doubleshots of all time #Rock #Radio #Rock #Punk #Music #Oldies #Classic #Poconos #RT RT RT RT
/ great as usual- no sleep though! Love the EA vid!
I love lazy sunday's
We're featuring the best of the best notebooks, items, & users from Check it out!!
I think the longer someone stays in office, the more they move toward the middle. Helps in getting stuff done.
seeing trees covered in white christmas lights makes me happy. :)
Probably another night!! I don't think I wanna be up here watching that game! Id rather be in Chicago! LOL
MT : I wonder why it seems I'm the only person in my family who cares about things like marriage equality. [me too]
Check the stacks my team winning
It was either Alejandro or Monster (that segment of the show) and some feathers were flying to the front and she grabbed one.
I dont know if my heart can take another death but maybe
So it's like 11, haven't done my geometry homework && I have school tomorrow
thx for asking! Very thoughtful! She is back to her healthy self - and fortunately no one else got sick
Well, then somebody's getting a big BO-HUG!
People are trying to throw things at my best friend
WOO IT LOOKED LIKE YOU WERE ABOUT TO HAVE A HEARTATTACK AT KCA BACKSTAGE :)
Nancy Grace exposes breast on DWTS. She's the Tit Mom.
How do we do this and what qualifies us? I have a fb page for my J-work!
Happy Birthday
Facebook, Other Social Media May Help Prevent Suicide - Medscape
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 2
If death had a taste, it'd taste like black licorice.
No resolutions for me. Instead, I try/learn/do new things. 2008: bike (did the STP!). 2009: garden. 2010: learn to play the electric bass!
Hm... Carrot/beet juice or leftover pizza for lunch?
ready to watch #mizzou take on #ou at #mizzouarena. let's go, tigers!
YES!! RT Guys in gray polos or V-necks >>>>
Just bought myself a new purse. :D Let efficiency and chicness rule my outfits!!
Again im just saying yu could do better
Where all the mad rappers at?
And I'm at barleycorn at 3in the afternoon...why.
#MLK encouraged us to live up to the promises of the Declaration of Independence,...
The #Royals are not supposed to be this horrible.
Due remember that reservations are required!!! so please call ahead
Time for Fat Kid Salad: obligatory lettuce & such, but more importantly Fried Chicken, Bacon & Tater Tots.
RT : Is attending #ufc 108 tonight at !! No cover with this tweet. RT GO!!!
People being ignorant about weeden
The only constant is change, the only certainty is improvement.
“: i am in a relationship with myself because its the only way ill never get hurt.”
#ForGreaterGlory is the most powerful films I have seen in a long time. It's a movie about freedom and conviction. A movie for our times.
For all our donors... come meet the team tonight, and help us celebrate. 8pm in SF. Suggest a place for 100 people?
Mitt Romney is not the right choice for America. What a lack of leadership.
I am! is volunteering to help with parking.
“: the camera is too. lol” the camera has been buying me shots all night..I think he wants to get lucky ahh ha ha blaah
Changing my hair color AGAIN. It's highly addicting.
Im sayin bro I had to get my bird game on I gotta see what the buzz is about lol
"Let The Right One In"
How about a "Real Sex"-type show on the DIY network - working title - "Tit for Tatting".
Haha what a joke
thank you :)
Welcome New Followers : )
Feeling a little overwhelmed, my #ReadingStreet materials are rolling in & there is a lot! It will b awesome once I figure it out!
A snitch nigga , dats the shit I don't like.
about to hit up the studio!! Time to work on some footage!
I love all the Sophia and Rosie videos! The one with is amazing! <3
This is a disappointment
Super snow forced me to stay in a hotel near the theater last night...it was pretty cool.
Not so much about her songs and music...but more about the person:beautiful, great actress and huge talent. An icon of her time.
Nor do 90% of fans.
...so we need to get our active web users in same room with other community/audience members. -
“: Everything God ever asks you to do, even if it’s difficult, He asks because He has something great in mind for you.”
I'll bring my crown and sash and well play dress up!!
Love you too!
What do you think? True or False? Baking soda and baking powder last forever.
Sunday would have been my grandmother's birthday. Happy birthday Grammie!
dinner with = epic success return trip = epic fail. 4.5 hrs and 2 trains later I'm still not in DC
Tip for Tuesday! Drive slow the roads are getting slippery! If you need lunch just Sit-Click-Eat! www.wausautogo.com
If I'd had known my sisters birthday was going to turn into a full on party I would have done my work earlier.
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
From 6-7 tonight the UW Marching Band (or at least part of it) will be at the totally remodeled #ZimbrickBuick. Bring the kids!
Well . . . Off work today. Guess i'll go hang with my besties and my god daughter.
Heading out to the Notre Dame Reunion and signing THE BOLERO OF ANDI ROWE at the ND bookstore on Saturday, 1-3PM!
These females need to learn coming outside with your head not comb is not whats up... Baby get a comb, brush, or a wig
LOL, you damn sure deserve a break. I'm suppose to fly to Texas next month to visit old friends
i dont post that in public.. i'll text it to you.
Ha! It was definitely an amazing weekend getaway!
Good morning w/His Holiness, the #DalaiLama,& great afternoon giving public comment to water board!
Einsteins Theory of Relativity: sit in class for a minute- feels like an hour. sit next to a pretty girl for an hour- feels like a minute.
Why me... Forreal man
is chad and them there right now?
Am just seeing this tweet! Thank you SO much for reading :) It's very appreciated.
9-9-8 in games that Collin has played this year. 7 of those wins were shutouts
Really? Are you on meth? Chk won? Good Lord, stop being Okie ignorant. Nationally, CHK is a joke
you said u couldnt!
BTW, for the conference folks, I tweet for , but I'm keeping this today on my personal account,
Heal quickly LaMichael!
Indeed! The Spicy Orange Delight was tasty.
Does anybody have a calculator. I need it for my math test 😱😄
Power went out in the house. I was experiencing connectivity withdrawals. Luckily got my fix via iPhone
haha good morning to you too and thx :)
what... jury duty in November! Wonderful. Do u think I can call a recess during the trail to go and pump? - (HA)
Fuck those mittens, people get hurt with that shit
We would love to submit trax to your artist. The Orphanz™
We think we've found somewhere nice in South Lake Union. You now in town? Saw you sold your place. Congrats!
Happy Easter to everyone!
I love the fact that is a Belieber and a Directioner! :D I LOVE YOU! ❤ #followmemaybe?
His name's Edison Gray DiSciullo, but we call him Grayboy, which became Grayboy the Playboy, which became many other nicknames
Good morning, rise and grind:) Have a great day!! :)
hello there my friend!
brian roberts taking bp in KC... go b rob
this is so for you! “: You are all Cover Girls! Don't be silly ;)”
LADIES LOVE ME! oh yes they do & <3 :)
#Top100Lies - "I never check my Facebook events."
Tryna go pick up my phone tomorrow
This game should be over. Bulldogs get it together!
so then you're not really sick of it! You're just nice!
Laura Chenel is the cheese maker Sorry for the delay in reply
Enjoying a little sand, sun & warm water like in the old days.... Loving Miami
Following the Dalai Lama on Twitter seems weird. I guess I'm not that spiritual.
Sorry - might have been little obscure ;)
Such a good mood!
If the fries are #outstanding then I will have solely as a meal. Sometimes you can get good fries at outdoor fairs
we will pass that along to the appropriate people, sorry about that.
deadline quickly approaching. many more booktalks to write!
Save the date for free beer: Wednesday, Feb. 15 at Echo Tap. Details to come!
Lawyers can now read, review & annotate deposition transcripts on a BlackBerry with our free Mobile Transcript app
GO FOLLOW BRAD PLEASE! <3
Feeling sad for who is missing Justice tonight and who is missing Coldplay.
Man Devoted rest of Life, to help Abused Children and Build a Safe House. www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com
I love your bio! :)
Going to look into the split/collect. Guess I'll try parallel/collect by hand to see what happens.
Make sure all you lawlorffs wanting to show love DM us your pics before friday ends we want all of you to be apart of this. lawlorffs go!:)
Kobe is better than Jordan.
Thankfully, the perfect mixture of chill and humidity has been achieved. Snow has come to Kansas City!
I was about to beat this dude ass in this alley
Paul Pierce tebowed after his huge game. Get off.
Wish my debit card could only be used by passing a breathalyzer.
my allergies are fucking killing me.
Arrogant, selfish and self centered people
The bank called me at 5:06 on a Friday to chat about merchant services, but I was in a bar, so I asked her to call me on Monday.
We're legitimate. Just still building. :-) Watch for a beta launch late this spring.
Meat Loaf with mashed potatos and corn $13.95 Tonight !!! $2.50 Bud light pints all day!!!!
I know some beliebers get hate, But remember nothing compares to what Justin gets. And yet, he still smiles lets Learn from him #StayStrong♥
i can lol now... but i was pissed aftr that call
omg was it that good?!
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory like the soundtrack to a July Saturday night.
hey angel in the snow , im under the mistletoe ; you are the one ,youre my very own christmas love ♥
Being an Asshole is not a part of my regular attitude, Its something I complimentary offer to those who deserve it.
Happy Birthday To Me! :)
Hey , all you need to remember is things happen for a reason. He wasn't the "one". That person is still waiting for you.
ew pork chops are nasty
RT : Small Business: 10 Secrets of a Successful Entrepeneur:...
Open mic tonight with Jeordie! 915pm plenty of drink specials and come check out the new menu!
I love the fact that my room is clean for the first time in a long time
Ridley. Was Prometheus one of the best movie filmmaking experiences you've had?
Her we come...
LOL U WERE DOING THE SEXY DANCE LOL
Hart has wheels tonight! Whoo hoo!
RT When the odds of success are close enough to 50/50, every bit of practice that you've invested will ground your luck.
& Are SOO Pretty .., I'm forever jealous (;
Like I'm that important!
Bringing the San Gabriel Mountains Closer to the People KCET Departures Green Justice / Support Alternative D before Feb. 13, 2012...
aight im done... i promised #oomf & myself i wouldnt "vent" on Twitter anymore cuz the way i do is childish & im tryna grow my ass up
that's your fault Chode
Time to go #vote!
We are open on Christmas Day !
HE'S PERFECT OMF
We're wearing our on Saturday night
Hey Wendy.
I'm taking band and a computer class #imanerd haha
Making a meal out of Doritos because that's the kind of person I am.
I miss middle school relationships.. It wasn't about sex, lying, or cheating.
Amen. 'Til we meet again. Rest on beloved!
Yes. Girl I'm just seeing this rt. Ugh. Where is the notification on this thing!!! 1st book is its ur time-joel olsteen.
haven't been on twitter in a while. not liking it
When you know your dreams will come true, time isn't an issue. Learn to let it go...
I miss you!
Under Bush it was over 11trillion, has continued to grow since 08 meltdown. Not all increase on Obama. Tell the Truth!!
Timberlake's solo stuff is the only example. Nothing else good came from that dark, dark time for music.
If I go to sleep I probably won't get up in time for my appt smh
just saw you are in Austin. You going to the ICHC/Bing party tonight? It'd be great to connect again.
Stripper bidness started in africa...
It's morning...again. Didn't we just have to do morning yesterday?
Don't forget to click the Coupons tab for $1 off value sizes of our new Men's, Women's and Platinum 50+ Gummy Vitamins!
I know! Both of them, just, gahh.<3
football would die w/o the violence in the sport... Look at pro bowl as example
Twitter twitter twitter
Random follow winners 4 Free Ice Cream R & Congrats we will send u a DM soon. Can't wait 2 CU in Old Sac
KKIA software is also abusing the keywords. Their apps have nothing to do with zombies, but appear at the top of the search
#Knicks Better Not Fuck This Last Quarter Up …. Lets Get It ….
#ItsNotARealRelationshipUntil you leave some clothes and/or a tooth brush at each others house. Yall know what I'm talkin 'bout!
I like pie.
it's totally twilight fanfication. i didn't know it when I read it, but looking back it's pretty obvious.
I think we raised some $$$. Word is HOB? How do I get on the list, help a fellow Treme brother out.
This year marks 50th anniversary of women allowed to attend the WH Correspondents Dinner....
Out of step
you're welcome! :]
She thinks she's gangsta.
And aye-e-aye-e-eye Will Always Loaf You
tell me about you. whats's your name?
must be because you were there
good way to get me to unfollow you is to sincerely begin a tweet with the following: "A profitable home business idea:"
It's going to be blazing hot in the library today. All those windows make for an awesome view most days, but like a glass oven on hot days..
The greatest challenge any successful org faces is finding the guts to risk that success in order to accomplish something great. -Seth Godin
It always takes me uh min 2 get wit Nicki's music
Would you like to work from home? To help pets? To help people? www.GenesisRxHealthOpp.com
hey! it's great for even when you've left it at a friend's!
Black Hogg in Silver Lake is absolutely amazing. Bacon popcorn is actually as good as they sound. An LA restaurant that truly delivers.
im glad we both have da gift of humor......no matta how ugly a guy (im not sayin ur ugly) is he still pull girls from humor.
More like 'fck my indecisive family who cannot commit to anything!'
I think there is an AC adapter attached to it RT : How do I know if I have an enhanced drivers license? Anyone know?
I pay my dues, dues getcha done.
on second thought...it might be classified as a pickle fest!!!0
Correction kettle1 n vodka..wat y'all no bout dat!
afraid that's not just for college students.
- You're welcome Nick! You've always been one of my favs on Twitter! Take care.
Your ICON ^_^ , Amazing Smile Much ?[:
I screwed up :(
okcupid is a weakness ;) (but i still have one)
I Luv Beyonce's Givenchy gown from the #MetGala last night! LOVE! :)
Watching Pirates of the Caribbean isn't as good when you've seen it with period....lol
MNF and WWE.... what a night to stay home...
These hoes are not doing shit today.
I guess, but then you'd have to go to the trouble of finding one RT Isn't the easy answer to just ask POC what they think?
Lmao...enjoyed it?
cooking saury soup with red pepper. it tastes of tuna but smells of a rotten squid
thank u for following
Zipping up the man suit to tackle the double loop double peak ride.
god's balls. new curse in the tradition of s'wounds/zounds: z'ballz!
Um should cover that Starships song by Nicki Minaj. That would be AWESOME, don't ya think?
Time for another in our HQ. Work on a project, meet some fellow devs, drink some beer. Tonight from 7-10ish.
Kindle reader on iPad, please
Thank you for all the extra effort, guidance and advice! Can't wait to see the new paint! #BesthandymaninHouston :)
discovery channel
If I can talk to you about game of thrones, the walking dead, and TrueBlood
Im bored!!!! Text me.
yeah, I have to say that Aldridge is still the most awkward spokesman. Local commercials are the worst though.
Did she shout "LET'S DRIVING!" before starting? She should consider that for next time.
Foster creativity, empowerment, collaboration. Replace "school"/"education" w/ "work" and I swear we'd have same convo.
How cool is the ceremony for hanging the Stanley Cup banner in Boston? Gave me goosebumps.
On this date in 1986, Whitney Houston's 'How Will I Know' hit #1 on the charts
its foursquare it does what it wants. Stop bitching and turn my notifications off :p it's creepy
i'll get back to you :)
then they'd talk about me in interviews as their craziest fan
Maybe one of your requirements for a swap is that the other party take care of your family pet, or maybe it doesn’t
They don't let you change the channel at the Byrne Dairy?
": Imma $how u how to get this cake.. #bagofmoney" M! Oh, is it chocolate?!
Was going to work on audio book this AM, but surrounded by the sound of lawnmowers on all sides. Must be Yard Maintenance Monday.
So uncomfortable in these sneakers. Must. Break. In.
a little further then 6 mi.
I can't stay mad or feeling some type of way for too long. What's the point? I'm good:)
Lol this must mean you're back in LA RT Valet parking at Pizza Hut? F*ck right off.
so very nice to come home to kind b-day wishes... many thank yous!
*nods head* this is how we roll! The early bird gets the bacon! RT : whoa, this is early....
Jan Wright shares this quote: "Redundancy is the antidote to confusion" - esp relevant to eIndexing.
up got a fucking ear infection...pain like a mufucka so i rolled me one....lets just say the herb takes the pain and welling down
Spent my Saturday night (off) breaking down a script. Wouldn't have it any other way!
Totally butchered the spelling on my last tweet
im fine, my acc was hacked and it barely got recoeverd, so ye aim back, how have u been?
Oh no, they threatened to do it and they did. I hate this new facebook timeline.
Why hasn't Forensic Files figured out who stole the cookie from the cookie jar through DNA analysis yet?
Romney's supporters - Governor, Lt. Governor, Michigan State Party Chairman wrote the rules of the GOP primary. They allowed DEM votes.
Do you know what is a Ladle? It's the utensil of choice for stir frying with a northern-style wok.
is quitting her blog and I don't know what to do with myself. D: First Academic Chic, now her...
#AUNEPAD Media part and parcel of development, what is the role of Journalists in reporting AU and NEPAD?
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Eat five different kinds of Mayo today! IT'S TRADITION.
#Baradei: War in #Iraq a #WarCrime and calls for investigation to hold accountable those responsible for deception behind the war
Happy Cinco De Mayo errrrybody! Celebrating tonight :D
Look I cant even mention erybody here right now. S/O to
I hear they are free but first come first serve. That's all I know.
Hoping to see my sister. But nope i guess its to late :/
#DearMonday dont screw up or tuesday will take your place
but does he have disco lighting??
Eating tacos, watching replay of Phillies game, drinking from Mako's pint glass.
pressure, hurries, holding penalties drawn
thanks for the RTs!
&#9822; Protect your home
How come?
great news! MTM
God is so good!
Don't ask for reassurance from others. Pray to the Father, he provides all the assurance you need.
Just finished a new bomber!!!! NEXT :-)
course :) check out live schedule for a replay and we will also have the episode on-demand later today
It was absolutely the right call, but if this was Open Cup champ and it was KC I'd be screaming I'm sure.
you're too sweet!
If we leave the backdoor open they will sneak in.
Alert the pun police if he'll just be middle of the road!
like always!!! :D
#FF #FollowFriday RT : In honor of cinco de supermoon derby, we're having Chinese take out.
JR you called it today on ESPN 1000. NYR starting Biron fired up Q and the boys
Haha, Ryder gave me & shelbey a bull riding magazine with a whole bunch of cute rednecks in it, that's how we r spending our day! ;)
also, I don't know if you got my text (I have 2 numbers for you) but Happy Birthday, I love you, you're awesome, that's the gist…
The earth day google logo is frickin' adorable!
when is yo trunk party
New schedule makin me lazy sleep the whole time I'm home then bein preggo don't help
Oh :/ sorry to hear about it love </3
Goodmorning everyone! I hope you all have a great Friday(:
so happy to see my favorite girl...nic!!! Loved trying on dresses and feeling like I was 20 again!!
honestly I think we kinda do!
#GoLiveWed w ya guy , w @ THE J SISTERS, n #teamnakedhustle, 50 sexy ladies
In the midst of a motorcycle accident, man finds himself composing a song to the rhythm of his helmet bouncing across the street #radiolab !
what flick?
Riviera supper club in La Mesa. Great Juke box.
You're going to do #GREAT things for His name sake!! EXCIT8D 4 YOU!!!
RT if you have 11 toes
and She says Baby it's 3am I must be lonely
I'm kicked back they call me the beach Dr.
I'm so lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely...
This is how the beat goes, this is how the beat goes. just let your body go.
loved it! RT“: Thanks so much to everyone who watched Joan Knows Best this season. We had a lot of fun...hope you did too! #JKB”
heart you sweetie. :)
yeah cant wait to see too! #SCRSCReamTeam all day!
Nemo gonna grow up to be a gang member because his Popz was so over protective
Missing Dirk's hair... My haircut's tomorrow... Hope that doesn't happen to me!
Ohgod. Should we call someone?! RT : Whenever someone does CaPiTaLiZaTioN thing in tweets, I assume they're having a stroke.
how long will you be in Vermont? Birthday of mommy right?
i can honestly say i dont care for more than 6 people that aint family , and im fine with that
AH Call Of Duty Black Ops!!! The best digital crack on the market today.
RIVERVIEW TONIT! First of the season.
Kelsey lowkey just made my day
Why am I seeing the #bobcats name on my tl? Didn't those dudes win like 7 games??? Why are they being mentioned during playoff time???
wow really random! Cool that they UStream it!
What animal do you look like when you get into the bath ? A little bear !
Well, i sick
Sorry I missed this, Andy. They get $1.25.
When is the last time you played? I've recently partaken in some old video games and was quite disappointed.
S/o to 2nd ward,Manchester ,n Denver harbor
REALLY diggin that track "If I Die Youngin" its sum real ish
haha well thank you!! oh gosh that just made my night!!<3
hehe sorry, i was cutting my shirt AND failed :/
Is it weird that I find Jeffrey Dahmer utterly fascinating?
Chicken??? I thought i was a mouse!
Too fuckin' long!
#iWonderIf this world will ever be peaceful at one point...
Have you read the book?
Would be sweet if someone could manage to get me tix to tomorrow. Perfect birthday present.
im sorry bby
Also, is not SuperPAC. Not sure if you're ignorant or just lying at this point.
while waiting for the inevitable give Enlyton.com a try (still beta til Q1) & see if can help expedite your future research ambushes
Worst feelings : crying yourself to sleep, being ignored, discovering that the person you love loves someone else, not being loved back.
need you in Arizona....
Glad you're feeling better!
Zimmerman has already claimed that Martin was circling his car.
G-Shock Watches 4 Sale In White, Yellow, Black And Red... 1 For $70 an 2 For $100 Hit Me Up If U Need Any!!!!
When your apostrophe comes out as &#39;
I'll be at the homestead watching it on the big screen, looking for a big result.
catching people singing at the top of their lungs when the elevator door opens is one of life's simple pleasures.
You're very welcome! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
I have so many mixed emotions right now. Im gonna like cry.Hes leaving the place where he grew up and where his videos started omg.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Charlie and the chocolate titties
And she's right back to texting. Such is the magic of the kiss cam.
We need to prepare....?
A special thank you to everyone who came out to Karaoke Night last night we truly has a great time. We hope everyone has a great day!!!
I think pink :*
I was wondering- and so am I!
Oh yea!! it works
I sure hope is remembering to tweet from the account.... *evil boss side-eye*
Love this! <3 RT : 420: go deep inside and heal your tarnished/broken parts with LOVE energy! Green LIFE!
Can I throw in that Jeter was a Columbus Clipper, for know your Clippers?
": wear your football pants, I love them" what about just the cup?
NICE SAVE
I love how in Nola when there's a live band on a street corner EVERYONE stops to watch them. YEE.
Great dinner conversation last nite about the brain with Michael Posner, Dan Siegel and Jaak Panskeep.
Joe Matal who helped draft America Invents warns that a lot of powerful interests will be turned against patents by business method patents.
That is a good question. First, you need to give it to me. I will figure that out for you this weekend.
waiting for you to follow me ;) it's 1:10AM pretty pleasee?
hahahah :) where do u live?
Shame to waste a memorable effort by Kobe. But look at the bright side: Metta World Peace will be back to take on the
Finally at the end of this horrible, no good very bad day, I'm in my huge comfy bed in my old UNC sweatshirt and all is right in the world.
just realized used the correct form of "you're" while calling me beautiful <3
Take your time.. Just tell me what you want.
Just had an apple & grapes but I'm starving again what
is a beautiful dancer. Makes me mad, its an honor to dance with jessi, sammy, AND hannah
Went there last week..... Get the Enchilada, Tostada and Taco
BUT: Hall's book focusing on the traditional model, which may or may not continue to be viable.
Lol! You were the best #9 seed in the history of the GPAC..You guys were like the 2011 St.Louis Cardinals just running thru teams
Oh, you don't have your tickets from to go see this weekend? That's okay, there's still time to get some. :)
Be sure to visit booth #43 and say hi to Interfolio.; we'd love to chat with you . Also for a chance to win an iPad 2!
Looking forward to a second night with tonight. Oh, hang on. I'll rephrase...
Yoo, , I was at work ( ), folding clothes, and SHE SAID came on. You're getting so famous!<3 ah! I love it!
Oops sorry guys. You Deserve It is on at 9p on ABC tonight feat Bali Hai. Don't miss it!
Gobbledy-Gooker makes surprise appearance on RAW. and surprise, there is a stripper inside the suit.
Someone stole our tradeshow booth from the back of an employees truck. Hope it looks good in their living room...
If You Have Any Suggestions For Next Week , We Are Taking Them Now Txt 6465806445.
God provides the ingredients for our daily bread but expects us to do the baking. With our own hands!~BAMM.
you send it?
Thought I threw a whole vial of novolog away. Mom would not have been happy.
Sounds like things are going well for you there!
“ Females That Respect They Self ! ♥ . ♥”
In the chilly Northwoods on a gray afternoon eating chicken soup in front of the fire.
Your presence makes me wanna vomit.
LEI Mobile will be shutting down tomorrow, January 18th, in protest of SOPA & and any other internet censorship legislation.
Hackathon presentations are kicking off- up first is txt.tel, a browser plugin that lets you talk on the phone with text
First President and now have used 's "Real American" theme music.
A father is a banker......provided by nature. French Proverb
I had hoped it would!! RT : you know this game is going to overtime anyway.
checking on my hoes that all!!
A watered down version of the Gospel is just not.......the Gospel.
my thoughts and prayers are with you in these difficult times.
listening to station on !
Nice goal by Ward. Can't say enough about Knuble. Huge upset. 7 seed takes out the defending Stanley Cup Champs.
I love you, Padova. my home away from home.
Help trend We Love Zendaya everyone :D
So you can get Pepsi Shiso for about $15 a bottle off Ebay. Worth it?
i swear i stay at the mall like i work there smh
Holding everything in is hard, holding it in around you is even harder
People speaking ill of paterno after his death need to get a grip. Maybe come down off the horse.
follow our personal accounts.
I happen to think the comparison is flattering.
What she said RT Damn beyonce's body is like...idk ancient royal civilization or some shit
Driving in heels <
hack your twitter !!!(;
Who is having a Halloween party this evening? Or going to a haunted house? Stay safe out there folks.
"Never settle for being someone's "other" when you know you have the potential to be someone's "only""
ok . U find someone else???
hey how did you get in touch with ? I want him to make my dream come true of meeting him! please help?
Happy #FatTuesday! We have a special cajun menu, tons of beads, decoration & #AbitaBeer tonight!!
Thank you! So are we! It's going to be quite the spectacle!
Talking about me behind my back? That means my life is obviously more interesting than yours.
Thank you again for pointing out the site errors. You are a real star! TechMoola cows salute you brother!
I'm feelin myself, hope you feelin me too
People in Wausau need their heads examined for voting in this gun nut Galloway.
congrats on the baby hilary sending all my love your way
Watching Silversun Pickups unplugged...very good!
It's crazy how some girls just want you for who your gunna be
hm... based on the sites I frequent, google ad preferences inferred that I was a 65+ male
ur mix almost done kid
so what do we have to do to get higher than buried on page 6 in our own Sun-Sentinel. So wrong
Rockin' the Casting Office ADR...gettin' close to a launch y'all!!
no brainer for me. Pulling for lee. Sergio pulling for Chavez jr for the payday I'm sure
Awww thanks babe for the words!!!
hates me ;/
It's a sad world when #Columbia businesses buy negative reviews to post on competitor's #GooglePlaces pages.
Uncanny how the impulse to do both still crops up, though.
Thanks Britt! 
Cap and gown reserved. ePortfolio complete. The idea that I'll be receiving my Master's Degree in a couple months is starting to feel real.
someone please find Nick Stahl
Wonder what talking scales say when 800lb morbid obsese get on probably "for fcuk sake get off"
S/o to the REAL men that admit they got hair up where the sun don't shine.
A friendly reminder: Registration is required for Faith Ringgold’s artist lecture on Thurs., March 22, 6:30. There’s still time to...
Release my street single 2mrw "DERRICK ROSE" tune in 4:00 VIDEO COMING REAL SOON!
thanks for the rt! :)
FUCK MY LIFE!!!!
Congrats from Ms. Bridgette and the CoffeeTalk Jazz Radio/TV
Bro's before Hoe's! Chicks before Dicks! Does anyone abide by the code anymore?!
You like my fan account for youu? :)
The total cost to families would exact about $10,600 per family between now and 2020, equal to $1,060 per year on household budgets.
see u tomorrow coach. Thanks
Now Piero Attanasio from ARROW (Euro Rights infrastructure). Rights information needed to manage digital data
then marry a guy with the last name shooter...
LOL smart woman catching up with your holidays haha man I need to get back to facebook -__-
Nothing wbu boo? RT : was the deal
Well my bracelet took a lovely bath in the washing machine yesterday...
So with two days off ahead of me I vow to resists renutlican bs & spread the message of , check em out, they're awesome! LegalizeLove
Listening to US Rep Paulsen on my right and Michele Bachmann on my left on Capitol steps!
Thank you God for blessing me with another day! And keep me strong for the roads ahead.
Ri to got her Tina on killin it!
happy mothers day :)xo if you saw this i'd be soo happy!
#saysomethin was amazing
sorry i did a l8 response ..but im from Miami (:
Thanks for the shoutout. Look forward to getting to know you. If you ever need a RT, just let me know - happy to help!
Yup. Can't believe how tired I was from the traveling. Couple more good nights & I'll be right as rain. What's new with you?
I was just messing around with some MK vs DCuniverse. I love sub zero and smoke is a beast. We should vs sometime.
Loved it! I felt like I was just in Mexico! Lunch at a Mexican Inspired Seafood restaurant in City Heights!
is there a viewing party in San Diego tonight? Tell our friend it ends this evening.
LOL thats what we were seeing when she fell and broke her ankle!!! i almost completely forgot about that until now.
as I said, I'm not denying the complete bias in the way they've done it :-)
no why ?
I never get ready for school lol 💁
where are working next?
sure, you love it
I'll have to check it out!
i don't wanna be in this class
Thanks for the chat folks! I have to go close up the library now! :)
Sit in at trenton for home forclosure meet at irvington public library 10 am tommorow
Dear cheaters, you're not Hannah Montana, you can't have the best of both worlds.
One time you should never be with me: When i first wake up
Seems to happen about once a week for me...
Not really. But hey. I lasted a week!
In Denver
Good morning ! Thanks for the call this morning to make sure I was alright. That's customer care!
My 8 yr. old just ranked his top 10 favorite players in the NBA....Lebron STILL No. 1, Dwyane Wade No. 5. For what that's worth.
No Winterhawk hockey until the 28th, but the boys need a Christmas break so we can come back and kick some Tri-City butt!
Could Today Be The Day That Notices me? Maybe. Never say never!
thank you! xx
Excellent! Let me know if you have any questions.
Took to the airport this morning. So sad! I've gotten used to seeing her every few months - I think I'm spoiled. :-/
"The only gift is a portion of thyself."- Ralph Waldo Emerson
This is the third time the kid next to me has slammed his head into the window while falling asleep. Can't tell if he is asleep or concussed
She buys me weird clothes online and calls me Sergio.
I actually have no clue. Letting a friend from St. Elizabeth be my guide and make the itinerary.
Thanks! No one was sitting near me, so I had all 3 seats in my row to stretch out on. That was pretty cool.
Do you tweet anymore
Crystal Wright,alias ,declares on Bio,"Im Black,conservative woman.Deal W It!"I DID! I just BLOCKED U! lol
Hi Karen! No travel partner needed! ;) There will be many traveling alone that we can pair together! Come see Israel!
Watching Drive with
S/O to everybody who thinks it's still appropriate to rock a top hat in public.
Just found out that today is take your child to work day.
I am genuinely soar all over & it's a great feeling! What's even better is I am soar from working not from working out! Happiness is work!
anyone know who got #MVP of the #BCS National Championship..??
Fantastic Four powers! Which of the four would your rather be? Invisible? Stretchy? On-fire? Orange-Rock-crusher?
yeah Rigt! I'm too lazy, Bout To Take A Nap!..
I'm obsessed with the eiffel tower. I have one on my shirt, bracelet, and wallpaper. I really want a poster for my room.
Hehe love random tweet moments
My dad said he's tired of hearing one direction... Nonononono. Don't lie to me father. You love them.
It's funny when people take pictures with their Tax or Financial aid money.
Fuller: engineers, software developers, non-federal companies, architects are kinds of jobs along #dullesrail "Jobs aren't equal."
"Let's settle this the mature adult way." "Rock paper scissors?" "Yep.."
I just climbed 200 floors
People keep telling me that I have to watch Serenity and Firefly because I will LOVE it. It's in my Netflix queue.
Im too crunk
I really hope you can get #EuthinizeSanchez trending.
": ICYMI A Nebraska man legally changed his name to Tyrannosaurus Rex today." Everything ok with the water out there?
4low me n o gimme ur Em n I'll give u mo info about Da Movie. Where u @? What City? We shoot in 2 months.
dude you're in El Paso!? Omg lets hang!!!! You're seriously my idol Daniel!!!!!
I want to punch Doug Gottlieb in the wiener.
barksdale base league
Alanis Morrisette does not have a very accurate understanding of irony.
@ who ever wants to know why i hate lady gaga, this is why -judas.
im a monkey?d:
we took our first trip this weekend! Love the service for when I'm downtown! cc:
Do the #76ers have any chance of beating the #Celtics?
The #newplay campaign, Free the Beast, is exciting news-but how much of that $4 mill over 10 years goes to admin. costs?
Damn, old people get cranky over tax forms...
Kings island tomorrow. Last full day with everyone.
Merry Christmas to all from Generation Letter. Anticipating to see what God will do in 2011!
Today was all about rapid #prototyping. Building something out of nothing. Will share soon.
service at table 57 is so great it comes with
Did you get my email? What did you think?
Getting nervous about the MLS admissions interview...
What? I was supposed to send hubby & son to see AVENGERS and have a quiet house to myself? I went to movie too! DOH.
People who throw their cigarette butts our of the window in front of my car are scum!
follow please (: tfb
I'm going to find a friend that keeps the exit door open for me at Tinsletown!:) yeah buddy:D
listened to Bill Gates talk this morning about innovation-proud of WCLA for making it happen- inspiring young innovators!
Of course! I'll do so now :P
who should we go to get a tweet section sponsored??
i work out.
About to watch the box with SAM STEIN (he goes to my school)
Hi everyone, I’m Megan Zimmerman Director of Marketing 4 Xorbix Technologies, excited to tweet with you 2night!
Brunch at Sunny Spot, dayum , you've done it again with them semi sous-vide eggs and coconut hollandaise dawg. Haha.
do it! I think you'd have fun.
Met with Andrew Newberg from www.viewpointproductions.com for video work. Check out his website!
Daily Special, Mon 05/07/12 - Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
We have the tape and it's hilarious; if this comedy thing doesn't work out you have a job waiting for you here at TripRes
what happened to summer?
it's a sad thing. It's still a good country in theory.
lol they're like the weird cousin who shows up to every family party
didn't know it got that cold down there.
On the 950; Ump's Galarraga gag huge, but 3 perfectos & a no-no by 6/3? What's in the rosin bag?
Elamite=elx. Extinct language spoken in Iran. #Marc coding language trivia. This is fun.
I can't make you love me, want me, or understand me. All I can do is hope that someday, you will.
It's a shame that only a small percentage of seniors are graduating this year
Boosie coming home!?!?
-shut up!dummmmm,
The new Marshall's Ad starring our very own is out and she looks incredible!!
Just don't know
I'm swell and not up to much hbu?
I love listening to practice piano before his lesson. Especially when he counts to himself.
Nothing is out of reach. RT this if you agree.
. Yes! A PARTY IN A FAMOUS PERSON'S HOUSE. That is what we have always chiefly needed.
glad in Ky also!!!!
Merry Christmas Everyone!!
Around $500 ideally. Open to offers though
Christine Jourdan listed as "anthropologist Solomon Islands" in film credits of Malick's The Thin Red Line
I am grateful that every year I learn something new during the holiday season.
I just saw my friend on TV!! She's an animal evaluator and rehabilitator for the Philly SPCA. Way to go girlie!
Anybody out there use Pentax? I had a student drop her camera and bust her lens. Would love to find her an affordable replacement.
Still in awe about #Zambrano leaving the to head to the #Marlins! :( He'll be missed!
You two have a great night! My motorcycle is calling me to take it out in the sunshine!
Working on my resume, not for the typical reasons
I did. And I've followed you.
Well deserved tribute to Wake today, Tip of the cap to everything he did both on and off the field.
Ask Chef 2 surprise U! RT : Saw yr new chef highlighted in 's May issue, wht shld I try 2nite?
omg neighbor arrives with lovely lemon cake for breakfast. AWESOME
w/teachers?! amazing, what was the response to the play?
I think Hillary would be a great VP, but IMO if it was going to happen it would have by now.
A big sorry to all my followers, I have had personal problems, haven't been a tweetin' in a few weeks. I tried to catch up on my FBs and...
Jealous of all of the girls webcam's that are working :').
LET IT BE KNOW TO THE WHOLE WORLD THAT WE <3 DEAN!!!
I liked it...some peeps thought it wad hokey. But c'mon anything with Han Solo
Hey Austin you are the best!(:
Spent the last 4-5 hours on the beach. Finally heading back to the condo for food. :))
thanks for the list! Appreciate it :)
I wished I had become a rock star. I will become woman who is at peace in this crazy world!
It really itches, too :(
#Giro 12.4 Now passing & we're being shown, the bottom of the hill at Spello. Extraordinary Roman walls to the right. Will they show them?
Run when u see a gun...
hope to catch you!
Is it 5 O Clock yet!
I hope she plays Big Ball Vball :)
Yes I'm from #LosAngeles #CALIFORNIA and I'm a #BostonCelticsfan 💚🍀💚🍀💚🍀💚
I'm rich in spirit.
Text DISCOVERY to 72727 to go mobile with LDCM! 2 msgs/month, offers&updates, msg&data rates may apply. Reply HELP for help. STOP to end.
we love you and and would love your help, come to our next meeting this Thursday at 7pm
I hit this morning. I'm in the stu come thru.
Last night I traded one of my bicycles for a six-pack of beer.
Interested #actors and #actresses, get your demos ready. Auditions are coming soon.
So excited to hear from Meme again!! Energetic woman. RT : Meme Omogbai next, new chair of aam! From the newark museum
lmao they really put the elbow in the opening tho
aww! Maybe one day. :)
Sorry. Hope you feel better.
I can't upload that video. The file is too big
This is just the sort of nonsense up with which I will not put. (Churchill, on the absurdity of trying never to end with a preposition.)
hi its gio letting you all know, We have started taping our new reality show!!!!
Oh, no! I got my dates wrong - ABA Silver Gavel Awards will be announced Wednesday (not today). Sorry!
people still watch the NBA?
": Old school barber shop. I'm due. (at Bedford Barbers)//I'll bet you sing a mean baritone.
I wonder what they could have paid for it had they followed your advice in '10?
Hey welcome to Twitterville...
The picture for the video
RT "You know what made David a king? Goliath."
are awesome. thank you!!
scary right? thanks for getting the word out. hopefully we get a little more dialogue going.
Think I'm going to cry, I'm not as tech savvy as I thought I was and can't find the assignments.
sarcasm is a less aggressive form of stating what is truly on one’s mind.....life is already confusing enough just b straight up!
I'm curating an exhibit on the food of Georgia. So if u know of any foods, restaurants, markets, etc. that I should include DM or @ me.
application is done. Tomorrow off to Bay Hill to watch some golf.
where they got u goin
No, I do not want to make this song my ringtone. Especially if it's "black hole sun".
Break the MOLD!
I'm already on G+, but I'm interested in what you think of it, and how you make use of it.
and now I realize that it was really stupid. I didn't mean to disrespect you or anyone else, I just feel really bad for it
Late night expected....
i was waiting for all of these tweets(;
We know this is a busy time for everyone! Wishing you happiness and peace from Advanced Mailing Services ~ 505-899-3104.
Oops, then u better stop!! ;) I am stopping as well, have not eaten all day except for some papaya and berries
I don't like calling homeless people poor ... I just call them no budget people .
I don't wanna get fat because I'd look like Brat's sister, Brat Patty. We hooked up after #Brewers won the NLDS.
Don't let me go
“: Learning how to put on makeup through Youtube. #SWGP” so true.
If you're out and hungry, you have less than an hour to get 6 burgers for $5
Light rain. Covered decks with tin roofs Cold beer. Anna to serve your needs. Bring your dogs and watch the rain!
Matthew 20:20. Let's worship God for who He is, not only to get favors from Him.
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
I am SO sorry for what happened today at fund and when I erased your name out of the list!:(
I think I should stop being sad.
There'd. Tweeting from a Droid.
random ratchet club girls
#15peopleIlove My mom and her mom and her mom and continue that till you get 15!
Random Fact: Lysol Wipes require that enough solution be used to leave the surface wet for 4 minutes. That would use up half of the wipes.
i have the list of works in the show if you'd like to see it.
That's some deep shit
Now that's a suit coat Don
nuh uh. I swear.
Thank you,Sandile!Maybe I'll see you in CapeTown next year...I keep my fingers crosed.Keep swingin'!
Double overtime! I hope the panthers win :D
Men have become the tools of their tools.- Henry David Thoreau
Rooney off, Berbatov on. Come on Berba!!!!!
Weird part is, the seller's agent said our neighborhood is known for prostitution.
She was already in the list.
lol text me what happened
I like to think of backyard #urban #chickens as undocumented, not illegal. - Mark Muller
I think that is a heart monitor or pedometer. LOL!
when is the baby due hun?
Waking up at 4am too early
You're The hottest everybody knows ♥
what was it about? (the promo)
If spiders could fly, I would never go outside again.
ya he's a sick defender
wrote wrong, rather?
Correction: been* how's that for post
I've been sleep since I got home. That wasn't the plan....
Cinco de Mayo - Kentucky Derby won by jockey who's a native of Mexico. Coincidence? I think not!
RIP Junior Seau. The sadness surrounding so many football players' lives after the game makes it hard to watch anymore.
Finally get to go see the Avengers tomorrow!
#IWishIHad a new bff!
#killerapp RT : Instagram isn't cool no more. You know what is...
Michael Malone: Innovation journalism today is about explaining and "popularizing" arcane technology.
go make that money annie lol
cant decide if i should celebrate cinco de mayo at taco bell or qdoba tomorrow...
The waiting is the hardest part
Keep an eye out for mine coming out on Positone this winter. W/ Jared Gold, Dave Allen & Mark Ferber. Killin!
We were not meant to be perfect. We were meant to be whole. - JF
Idk he sent his friend to do it for him
Damn everyone calling Kim pussy bol :D
this must be on our bucket list!
College Football Prediction: Nebraska @ Penn St; Nebraska -3.5 and money line -160
I can't wait for tmrw night I get to see my fav reality star not yet on TV
I feel like I am happy with every other month...and often jealous of the boxes that others get, instead of mine!
heey how are u
The bitterness is oozing out of towards Why is she afraid of his success? It's not pretty on her!
Great song. Did you write that yourself? BTW I voted for ya.
'Everybody got somebody but me'... story of my life, , story of my life...
who lied about being with Cody??
Oh I wish I was ballsy enough to mix the pills with liquor. But I like my liver.
totally! got to step up our game.
A guy told me that he learned how to spell independence from that webbie song. Lol smh!...
Email me,or send me yours and I'll explain more.
are the #Colts about to become the new #Jets?
WHY DO YOU REMIND ME.
i dont Really care
I just saw a promo for true hollywood story. Tagline: "What secrets is America's favorite uncle hiding?"
RT : Religion is meant to unite however it seems to divide more than it should.
Out of the desert and into Luxor on and trip.
Off to a great start to the week here at Lone Star Delivery & Process. Check us out online at www.lonestardeliveryonline.com Your #1 Courier
We're a good vintage.
.: Evil stands no Chance :. HARRY POTTER was ah-mazing (:
Awww Sorry to hear that :(
well you're in a hotel go mess around!
yup, depends how bad they are haha
LOL! I love you!
Who needs to do special agility drills for fitness when you have a 60 lb puppy that likes to be in the kitchen when you cook?
that's because of all thosw hicks from camden road and rison try to sneak and go to chapel
It was really fun! Great to see you! Hugs!!!
Derek Harper? Where's Brad Davis? James Donaldson? Rolando? Sam? Roy? Wait, not Roy.
Gonna blaze this kush then off to bed gotta work at 5am *sad lip pokes out*
that's awesome! Me too. Hopefully someone will build it!
People are still confusing the difference between modern style and jungle caveman garb.
Today, trade in coffee has a big economic value. Coffee is 1 of the world's most crucial primary products.
Good night Atlanta! follow choosey chicks on face book!
40th Anniversary of The Godfather... epic, legendary film. #Hollywood at its best!
thanks! Hope you find what your looking for. Let us know if you need a custom size
Headed to Zion Baptist Church for service
dooood .. I should wholesale em in japan ... imma be rich
they're so into each other again!!! WOOOOHOOOOO i love em together *_*
Thank you! Its so nice to see glimpses of the waistline I used to know. :)
Help reach to her 400th followers and if your her 400th follower you can get a HUGE shoutout from her and any Celeberties!!
Who is going home?? Tough choice.
Did you try one of the new dishes when you were in? :)
and my wet dreams as well? Pretty please!!!
What's been up? Hope everything's going well!
History Channel - two guys wandering middle America wading through barns full of really great collector's stuff. Unmissable!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no idea I would meet my soulmate. But I thank God every day that I did. <3
Cute girls should come talk to me at school tomorrow... Js js
well its time for my history final.
and signed it 'anonimiss'
what is your old school email? I will send you the details
Need 2 sell my fish tank asap!!! :( Anybody lookin or know anybody, please let me know.
White boys and their jewfros
2 finals today! Math and Philosophy
Curried Mobile food truck is at Van Buren and Wabash! You know what to do!!!
#3WordsForYou Wolf pussy breath
What could Steve Jobs have accomplished over the next 20 years?
I'm really nervous, I've done these type of things before but I still get nervous :p
That's good to hear. You need full mobility for a season chock full of diving.
Off to work
that's awesome do it, I'm gonna ask for one but I'm sure there just gonna look at me funny have you ever asked for one before??
surprised the panel doesn't include the only people that truly protect the athletes interest like
she should, she is amazing!! :)
So is Oxford on Sunday!
MiT is road tripping in Iowa right now. Day 18 of #25days25girls is all about the freedom to explore our amazing country!
u don't want to fight with anyone? Please. That's all u know how to do. Such an instigator. And for no reason.
thinking about it
#2 Never ever ever ever take relationship advice from a single chick, she can't use her own advice to get a man, it must be the WRONG advice
m cake
Its all in the back foot, get that scoop down!
there's some things you just don't joke about on the day we play UCLA.
Just walked by a loudspeaker announcing "This is Atlas Mission Control T- 15 minutes and 30 seconds." !!!!!
Pacers getting in the Heat Ass pacer lead the series 2-1.
>what is impressive? I'm really askG?
when are you coming to florida? Please tell , you always RT me but never tweet me.. I love you so much :")
I love how she sang it seriously.
Have 5 goals to accomplish,knoe i can get them done
Congratulations to my friends who didn't accomplish what they set out to do but achieved something greater along the way.
Eating healthy the Caribbean way with Minna Cooks Caribbean.
Sleep, of course ;)
This is not fair.
Great Mentors & Mastermind Partners:
Haha I'm retired brotha. You still playing Baseball?
YUM RT : Good morning! Today is National Hot Chocolate Day ♥
night Jesse
i hate people that say a lie to someone just to get attention like serious -.-
I wanna be a kid again where there is no drama and no stress.
AxeOff USA will be on Bourban St 2nite working!
i'm trying to.
I am clearly invisible to you!! It's IMPOSSIBLE to get a follow/tweet from you :|
Good Night I'll probably be back lol
why is Hanging With Friends so addicting ??
if you got da next huge hit song hit me up, i'll judge that, and im a pretty hard critic
Lost my eye drops now I have high eyes. #HappyMothersDay ❤💛💚
Greeting to all the firefighters gathered here in Indy this weekend Enjoyed hanging with some of you today on the way in.
Nick is now running, Luai is next with a short 3.5 miler. Foggy outside with drizzle. Running and having a shower at the same time. Cool !
Miami's largest 2-day business conference for women is heading down to The Miracle Theater! Over 700 women – Miami's smartest, coolest,...
#AprilFools! Need some good jokes. Any ideas? xox.
Yahoo! Forde - By now, Graham’s reputation has taken enough hits that Arizona State may have its Bobby Petrino (cont)
"Assessing" indep. rdg. -- I need new ideas. Looking for choice, creativity, thinking, and sharing reading experiences.
lol. I forget I have this acct!
I need deodorant.
hey i gotta go you should text me 804.901.0669
Still job hunting. Tell all libraries that there's a half-decent reference librarian who'll hire cheap.
*yawn* its about that time
thats a very good sign! Also try "The Priest Force One" so off you all go! Poland brace your self \m/ ;)
you know girl!
#BackInElementarySchool we worried about cooties not HIV and std
So ready to get off of work
Laughs or tears baby. Laughs are way better sometimes.
Hey me down many times, but still I'm still a Belieber & never fails to be because I LOVE YOU
owner said 45 min wait every night so far i said 45 mins isn't long after waiting 3-4 months!
well deserved.
used transit view on iPhone worked great in browser-- now we need an app
From my fortune cookie at lunch: "Every truly great accomplishment is at first impossible."
#FundMyFriday So I can buy my friends some Coronas!
way to go SAS!
This dude decided to a take a casual nap in the lib. Too bad he's in the quiet section, and snoring.
Hey Twitter haven't been on all day
I love my SON he is the best thing that ever happened to me and that's REAL.
It gets better--same guest priest says birth control will lead to problems he "doesn't want to live to see." This man should NEVER be back!
Bring truth to power - message from #pypm at youth perspectives panel
# 86 on the list for an upgrade on my #united flight. I have never actually made it to # 1.
Pay day today! :D
can't wait to hear u say "hello Houston" in the Bridgit Mendler takeover the world tour
Oh, I wasn't aware that hillman was actually your personal office to receive and make phone calls for hours at a time
Just waiting for my taco bell than ill be heading to bed.
yea, just got here for the D2 games. Pretty crowded already! I hope Germantown pounds Madison Memorial
Integrated Secure Password Manager coming soon to Interlink for #CommitCRM - Quick, Secure, Simple!
I got the whole little movie book, it was in the car when I was cleaning it out before I went and boutght the new car
Sleep has been mocking me for the last couple of hours.
I'd rather be in Bloomington.
props to you for braving the ball park today. I can hear the wind through the vent in my office!
#know12 touches on project work vs ticket work; "multitasking is the bane of our existence" (queues from multiple directions)
I'm not an expert either, but hopefully folk who are can point you in the right direction.
It has a been a while since I saw Olga Kay. She is so busy making fabulous videos for her fans.
Thank you!
On 4 hours of sleep, #NoBueno 😁😁💤
i dont know what to do .
PANTS PANTS PANTS
Deep thought: How many young people will actually see the Rove/Crossroads "Celebrity" ad?
while is in surgery, I'm sitting here trying desperately not to freak out. Quick. Give me something to laugh about.
#Seinfeld is definitely one of the best TV shows of all time. No it is not a question it is a fact.
my attitude is horrible.
The best and shortest road towards knowledge of truth [is] Nature.
RETWEET IF YOU WANT A FOLLOW BACK ... ( Follow he will follow you back )
Watching Dawgs game streaming online. In this case, GalaxyTab>>iPad since gamestream is Flash.
Music sounds better with you... ♥
thanks for your #mozinar tweets today. Helped me focus what limited attention I had!! More tomorrow??
Tomorrow first day of classes ate the university SO SO EXCITED! :D wish me luck :D
#30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile send a sweet text
Lakers fans are worse than Bears and Vikings fans combined.
oh ya totally lolz tht would cheer up he does love his limos
Really glad at least we had a decent day for our golf outing and seminar this week. This rain won't go away!
T-minus 6 days until I'm on a plane to Marrakech!
you could pick me up anytime:)
It's All talk into you put it into action.
Heaping even more onto my plate with a new Etsy shop for jewelry supplies!!!!
Those were the days. Moneyballs just don't sound appetizing.
yes, for me. :P I have to squint to see the letters in the 5th line .____.
#DearScooterBraun NEEDS TO COME TO INDIANAPOLIS,INDIANA 4 #BELIEVE TOUR
Welcome #pdxdms students! First day of the Digital Marketing Strategies Certificate program.
#TeamCP3 & #TeamClippers CP3,Blake Gotta Lead Us Both Gotta Bring A Game Vs A Deep Spurs Team * Our Bench Gotta Perform At Its Best
Messy hair >> Making love hair ;) lol
Downtown waitin on the bus 2 go get my check.
is watching reruns of Babar.
RT "A study found people with lighter eye colors (blue, green, hazel, grey) have a higher alcohol tolerance." damn straight we do
visual Studio 11 Beta is fantastic for (the admittedly limited) HTML5 I work with!
Singing fall for you by secondhand Serenade at the top of my lungs.
Thank you for continuing to be a wonderful champion in our community.
Gotta be at this orientation at 8... Been up since 8 this morning... This has to be a sin...
Orbis Cascade asked what others were doing with resource sharing ebooks - no good models
Visit LJ/SLJ booth for info on our Ebook Penetration Reports and Patron Profiles - chocked full of all sorts of hard data on...
at starbucks :D
What spill? RT : Wow, anyone remember the gulf spill? Was like 8 months ago? Huge disaster? Yeah, didn't think so.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) - Publicist: Monkees lead singer Davy Jones dies at age 66 in Florida of heart attack
I just saw this message sorry I am new to this. Part of. Twitter my number is 770-310-4650 if u still need my help
Jerry, George, Homer, & Marge.
I just saw 13 tweets in a row about lebrons hairline after granger knocked his headband off
Switching from why to what questions s a way to find new perspective when life throws a curve ball. What do I do with my new reality?
I feel you on the MCD food thing;)
Of course, sorry. I wasn't clear. I was more asking what is driving the difference. Channel, league, time slot, etc.
Oh thank you!! You're talking about me, right? I haven't seen you in a long time. :)
I do! But I've yet to delve into it--I feel oddly exposed/ slightly confused about how it works. Looks like a good playlist!
been there already. hilarious now. not then.
": Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. Learn from ya mistakes"
. have a great Day 1 tomorrw. Lemme know how it goes!
Yes.. i am very aware of that. Just thought it was weird with the whole Lowe reporting Manning retirement tweet.
Really enjoying moderation style and substance. Learning a lot.
"All I care about is money and the city that I'm from...." Jk, just money.
Second student speaker proposes line aren't stone tablets to paper, but ovens to microwaves
In Philly for a conference. Weather's great. Ran up the Art Museum steps this morning, following in Rocky's footsteps. Yo!
THE soul is eternal...itsuncommon.org
Y'all thought I was gone, haha, had 2 tend 2 sum issues. I'm working on Vol.2 now, lol, a few things n the makin y'all stay tuned. Haan!!!
s/o to all the beatmakers now following me! stay following and we'll link up
So an Eisenhower system of inductive charging? An alternative to light rail?
I like the nano-tech contact lenses
happy humpday!! what do u all do? we help the mentally disabled
How Many turnovers the clips gonna get *SMH*
RT The first 2 approps bills to move swiftly out of committee were advanced by women. I don’t think that’s a coincidence.
which is a perfect way for me to butt in and say what *I* was thinking
Write drunk; edit sober. Ernest Hemingway
Oh lol! No you didn't look bad :)
Idk. I think a couple snipers could catch him unawares.
I met some of you guys at Warped in Missouri. And lemme tell you, i am hooked. So glad i bought your album! :D
I find out next week. They still don't know if they want to hire a student or an outside person -__-
Man im so tired
Never Told is such a dope , true , deep record yo
No way! I thought the bright blue and green house down the street was crazy!
OMG remember after the soccer game when your dad put on the one song and slapped big red and I about peed I laughed soo hard!!
99 Cent ground beef & chicken fajita tacos from 6-close all this week
Ok #kansas...remember #vandy beat #kentucky in the #sec tourney final...play smart and tough and you can come back. 10 points is nothing
When I'm here for u and u look away because u think no one is there for u I go home and cry look in the mirror and try to change myself
how far u stay from vondelpark I wanna link up wit u when I come u seem like cool peoples!I need to meet sum buddies over there
north Hollywood/Toluca lake/Studio City por favor?! Any or all will do!
if you can, go get it looked at
Sense of humor - the best feeling. Better friendship, love better.
I find that American Apparel consistently carries clothing no one would ever wear.
that and NASCAR! Awesome!!
Righteously ;-) : #Nowplaying Lucinda Williams. Thanks for the wonderful recommendation, !
Dear Landmark people, I feel like it has been five years since I last saw you!
Welcome back! We almost gave your prize away, but lucky for you we were holding out hope that our first follower would come around!
PSA: Shave under your arms before wearing a sleevless shirt ladies..
#adamerica food, music, dance, free at Joe's til 6.
Diabetic doggie sick again and back at the vet, I as well am on what feels like my death bed even though I know I'll get over it soon :(
spelling errors drive me CRAZY! Thanks for letting us know...and for watching in spite of them. (:
RT": Everything was great till our pride got the worst of us. What a shame."
hahaha! That was funny. 2pac is turning in his grave every time someone plays songs like ''crank that'' and ''king of rap'' smh
Free Ebooks-Natural Health | Our Natural Health Site: Free Ebooks-Natural Health. These natural health ebooks are all free. You don't...
I swear I am going to start to #tweet again.Time to strap on the sneakers again. Its been a barren 2 months on #twitter for
Oh wow haven't seen steeger in forever his hair is so long lmao
Anybody know when/where THE HEAVY are playing??
I will NEVER again go the Red Roof Inn on Shelby Oaks Dr. Problem with WiFi and called the office and was told you can always check out.
yeah I've heard that....I just can't motivate that early
I-81 S (near Martinsburg) CLOSED at x8 w/ a SERIOUS Tractor Trailer accident involving a School Bus and a passenger vehicle.
U obviously didn't see what did w/1 sec. left in the game
Sorry for all the posts but this is IMPORTANT!! I have ur KEITH URBAN and JAKE OWEN presale codes aug 6th baby!!!! Who's down
That text was a waste!
That was an enjoyable read... but I keep hoping to find a Dear James post
I'll be at work just stop through
We are ending the year off stronger than ever I wish all of you the same blessings
omg close up please
if anyone doubted how much he cared about his department & the city, they need only to have five minutes to talk to him
man I am totally hungry, count me in!
The weather outside is weather!
The #Obamas still owe about 850k on their Chicago house. Is it upside down? U think they would qualify for a loan mod? Not for a 2nd home...
they were paid extra, microsoft uses the money from xboxlive subscriptions as toilet paper
You are joking right? you know what those biz did to bmw, jcp, overstock, if you are looking for help lets talk 623-255-4088 ext1
Ill roll with that! #PBRmeASAP cc: RT : Happy National Beer Day!
Thanks! I love me some Sagan and Auto Tune!
Come on baby light my fire
soo.. new york.. and you.. soon? Yea? Please? :p
uh, uh take that back off.
Thanks! I got to play with a loaner device and was impressed. I think the stylus is surprisingly useful for many applications.
Atlanta GA “: I need a licensed HVAC contractor, who can do a 30k sq ft job. I need them like yesterday! Help?”
On the wall behind them as they check out adult actresses and make rude comments only furthering her popularity. Ain't capitalism grand!
Never heard that before! Reno's awesome, but glad it was 'Leon' Jean, not 'La Femme Nikita' Jean, that triggered the association.
Getting a briefing from Leon Andrews about the youth in the NLC directly following the icebreaker consisting of colors and silence
what's a guy got to do to get a RT? I love you. Hurry back to the states.
conFROGulations Ashton and family on the new bundle of joy from all of us at
He who does not live life to it's fullest can never know the true meaning of life ...
have a good trip and get ready for some teen reading (dare I call it "literature" - haha!) :)
#4wordsAfterWackSex I gotta get going....
These #TysonDinasourNuggets aren't as yummy as they used to be.
They don't really understand
I have a plan and I'm sticking to it....no enablers
I just busted out laughing! Thanks for the smiles! :)
haha no doubt
I hate how the weekends fly by
New Photos of Me from Industry Images Coming Son.
Question of the day: What is your favorite color of nail polish?
Great advice, Dean.
but she started it though
Be truly glad. There is wonderful joy ahead! ~~I Peter 1:6
I have to apply to things to maintain my unemployment. But I really want to get a job. Going crazy. Civil service tests next.
Just got home!
I ♥ EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! ;')
I fuckz wit Syd The Kid doe!!! She a beast!!!
Jule Sigall, from Microsoft. Illustrates the issues w registries through 1940 census, organized (for now) by neighborhood
not as in THE REAL DEAL... but there is a JohnMeyer here
Cool... Maybe 10 o'clock on Sunday? I'll think about where to shoot... The motorcycle was just an idea for a future project.
I promise, she can bark. Next time I take her to the office I'll try to get her to do it.
breakfast of champions!
No I'm not leaving Boyle for another school it was a April fools joke plus I wanted to see if any of the players cared . They didn't .
way to keep on them..... thanks!
Well in that case, Julieta, I am your caddy, one more time!
