I'm a loud, crazy, open minded, and emotional girl. If you can't handle me, then you don't deserve me! :)
Buying my first car: 2011 Toyota Corolla S
So that's what they meant about Sessions being a defensive liability. Blerg.
New voice mail greeting,want2hear it dial2675882938
The truth hurts. But a lie is worse
How is everyone!!! Anyone open for photo shoots? just let me know! :) ill be happy to work with you!
Can geico really save u 15% on ur auto insurance? Did u just read this in that deep voice?
Lol I didnt notice it kept posting it
and that your girlfriend isn't there with you</3
Transitions, even if they are positive, require time for adjustment and acceptance. But all positive movement calls for celebration!
It was better than The Black Eyed Peas.
"Its not you its your pants.!" Lol. They got me LMFAO in indianapolis.!
Love chaining into my PJs - And its my favorite shirt!! YES!
Waiting in line to get a passport for my 3 year old. Word of advice: make an appointment. The line is excruciating.
it was yummy :b
Sounds great. I arrive tomorrow about 1pm--which day is good for you?
I'm at Clearwater beach, hell yeah
That's how she feel tho... Aight
Just not believeing that Lakers lost to Denver!!!
just random c:
I’ve learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while climbing it. – Andy Rooney
hehe u guys talkin bout me
Well played against the Twitter monster.
Records Specialist Opportunity Available in corporation in Phoenix, AZ. 2 years of records management experience. Email me at katie.cybor…
It was fun. So good to see you this week!
Don't waste a ton of money on paid search -- use ad copy that matches the context of the search says,
TY for the follow, Elza! I had the pleasure of hearing you speak @ women in horror in Montreal. Looking forward to following...
you guys have to have your Anatomy of a Scene Donnie Darko episode somewhere, right? How can I see it/get a hold of a copy?
Our weekend with these two amazing sales continues. Hurry and get you orders in. :)
Film Lore, Dark 'N Stormies, &amp; Killer Prose: Black Clock 15 Reading at The ... - LAist
Humans should seek to impart and/or gain knowledge, not feelings or emotions....Locke
hi grandma!
My barbie dolls dated GI Joes...
giggling all night
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
Nice video! Who produced it for you? And more importantly, who produced your hair?
Our Higher Power shows us how to be true step by step, as we are ready to progress. Each day we become more in touch with our real selves
You double check your door when you got back in it to drive ?LOL im still laughin at this.
any advice on where to get the most authentic Latin cuisine in the dc area?
People have been wondering that for 50 years.
I hope so!
Sounds like the cash for clunkers clunked - what is happening to us? More and more looking for handouts believing it is deserved
Do u have Instagram?
Longest train ever.
When you see her cursing at u and trying to act tough kiss her and tell her you love her<3
Jenny Bryan his room mate and his room mates freinds
13.1 didn't seem so bad. Just signed up for 26.2 in Oct - a bit less confident. Can't underestimate the support of my friends.
Fuck yall losers or just go win life
Shout out to all the guys still rocking them colorful ass dickies pants with the button up to match.
Oh. Still, though.
disagreed sir! girls do not poop!
Rep. Weiner resigning...can we please stop talking about it now?
My family had amazing #lifesavor dinner last night -- incredible food & service all to benefit ! Thx, Harvest!
Monday night Jam Session @ Nola's from 8pm-11pm with Jacques Lesure and friends. Located @ 734 E. 3rd St. La, Ca. 90013...
Bob Newhart~ Laughter gives us distance. It allows us to step back from an event deal with it and then move on.
This place is awesome!
wish u were here!!! Really!!
But weren't those matchup problem types of series...this Pacers thing feels like something just a bit more disturbing.
“: Brushing your teeth in the shower > 😁💦”
Thanks for helping us get the word out! :) You rock!
Hungry! RT : It's almost that time...Lunch Time! Pick 2: A slice of pizza Salad Panino Cup of soup + add a drink ($8.95)
When Is the best time to tell someone you love them? Before someone else does
Do you get through your to do list every day? Get busy by punching them in and seeing them done! W.iaminc.biz
Next time I'm on that side of the country I will.
I am so bored right now, slow day
Ron Dane!
I know how you feel! I <3 t-mobile but am tired of my berry and its antiquities... What's a girl to do!?!
nice blog post about pants on the ground
Attend this free webinar presented by HubSpot's VP of Marketing, Mike Volpe, to learn strategies for a successful website redesign
You better not quit. It's half the reason I wake up in the morning. The other half is telling my side of the story.
matze-ball-soup.
Rebrand Your Business in 2011 & Make it a Successful Year-Let Us Design & Print Your Marketing Materials www.print1media.com
#Badgers basketball vs. Ohio State, then hockey tonight! Fun day at the Kohl Center!
Lodge Team Six does work on the gift basket once again
Why is my shirt crunchy? Oh yeah... That's right...
A girl knows more about you than you think, especially if she likes you.
Do it. (Unless the question is whether you should spend more, in which case, yes.)
Who would win in one on one: Kobe 8 or Kobe 24?
Lmfao don't worry about it
i just wana get drunk!!!!!
We'll wait for a few until we gain a little more followers to follow everyone back. Sorry for the wait.
What up Scott? How you feeling? Getting strong I hope..
good job drita now u just need to sing with pitbull :)
Happy Mothers Day!
Let the writing begin!
Good lord that's like 5K
A good father's love for his children ALWAYS trumps the disappointments of the child
That is adorable...
Maybe it was Abraham Lincoln the whole time.
Rivers Cuomo? Erm..... 0_0 Hate to say it but it's not going to fly with stuff like Renoise and FL Studio
love your new picture:)
I'm mad I lost some of my followers cuz I couldn't follow back but it's cool follow me
I beat Joe regularly with my steel fly swatter. Maybe I should switch my play board. That's made of golden genius.
yes, in
Greeeaaattt. All Stars Tour isn't coming to Orlando )':
what's the point of staying up?
Oh the pressure! Being offered 400 bucks from #Syracuse fans for 2 tickets to the game tonight. That's double face value.
They're probably off hiding with mine, as I, too, am in search of them for reasons-to-be-disclosed-in-the-near-future
Reading what you tweet also shows how intelligent you are!
Drs appointments today, hope fixed soon, wanna workout again, have 2 start all over,
And I have to go cover at the other shop on Friday now. God dammit. That just ruined my week.
slowly approaching reality.
dont over bid the highest buyer.. lol its good where its at now.. just promoting it.. go check the auction.. thats legit lol :x
excellent show in Mad.town. Congrats on a great sold out tour how were 's cupcakes?
Relaxing before I have to shoot the Queencity Drag Race
Day 2 of the AT&T #MobileAppHackathon. Who's here?
I love when me and my sister get along , but i could beat the breaks off her ass sometimes ..
Tonight on InterChange, future of mining in WI, injunction on the Voter ID bill; and, Horowitz's commentary on Romney. On MPTV 10 at 6:30.
Get your tickets now at any Harry Buffalo or www.cagestars.com. We are anticipating a sell out crowd so don't be left out!
Budweiser platinum = oxymoron.
Preferably a coma (;
hahaha I told my mom and she was just like "... I don't give a shit." she doesn't understand. :o
I really don't care if nobody gets me. God gets me, and that's all that matters.
What the h-e-double-hockey-sticks, New Orleans? You hide all the good records before I got here? Sheesh.
Thankfully, bc I have a new standard of counting calories, the McDonalds I just ate will help me lose weight!
Ok let's see if you can actually get me home today... Yesterday was miserable
Stim the elbow
you tweet more than me!
Hawks man all day
really appreciate it bro<3 It's people spreading the word like that helps us the most
Calling all Chicago business leaders: encourage everyone on staff to step away from their computers & take stroll outside today!
No Wild Wednesday today, due to Dia de los Ninos. We'll be back with the gaming next week!
Good for #Bills getting Mario. It was fun to see the AFC-E balance of power shift last year in the opening weeks, like to see it continue
I'm sorry, twitter. I forgot about you today!
I couldn't sleep because I was in pain, so I took painkillers. I guess I took too many and now I can't sleep because I'm nauseated.
Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
When your cat steps right on your new piercing<<<
coconut milk chocolate ice cream, yes.
Yeah, I think Auntie Rosemary must have sold her soul to the devil for that boy!
sign your damn contract! u make millions man. look at what u have for a sec
One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening
Cool! Go
PUT ME IN IRAQ I TAKE OVER SOON AS POSSIBLE... PUT ME IN AFRICA THE WORLD BECOMES AN DON-GEN IM IN THE UNTIED STATES IM AM THE HOLY WATER
from Brandon Norris Who wants to come over and play magic after the show?
Bout to go lift
Oh thanks fox, you'll really be back to tell us all about the caucuses and primaries when no candidate is actually talking? Gee thanks.
Your hair looks cute. I'm on KIRO now.
The people in Wal-Mart are really weird...
Finally Sage went down for a nap... Time to bury my head in a pillow!
it's wiener time!!
hi A&E, come and follow me too!
R.I.P silkie Dee...
Its a hipster mob here at woodruffs in depot town Ypsilanti Michigan
Hey, John! I had a great time at the Web Star workshop at ACS on Friday! Really great information! Thanks!!!
when are you going to be signing at Baltimore Comic Con on Saturday?
New Blog Post!!! Back in the Day Bakery Savannah, GA. Delicious Sweets Galore!
I'm good for whenever!! But I heard BG runs a tight ship #gottaaskbigdaddy. :P
you have too much to do to work an unpaid internship.
Happy National 8th Note Day!
/Frantically refreshing email inbox
If you ever wonder how many shades of gray there are, come to
Sheittt. I hate school.
let's test again
ima cry, i miss jason. ugh. wtf.
REALLY. And it turns out they've got about a dozen solid jams. Where were these guys?
So sleepy. Gotta b up in 4 hours
That was Vincent Van Gogh, by the way.
Being great starts by being fearless; Fearless starts by having faith; Having faith starts by letting go. It's hard, but not impossible!
I survived the end of the world.
I'm good. Don't know of a band. And-thanks 4 the RT:) Hey man, how are you? Do u know any good brazilian band?
Omgeeee horrible peerformance I feel sorry for
Kudos to ; a burgeoning iconoclast breathing new life into old bones of several intriguing niches I adore...
Great to see you on here, too!
It's a shame that stupidity can't be converted into a usable energy source
"That dress has seen more red carpets than an Irish lesbian" I love Fashion Police!!
I really hope papas is feeling okay. Tomorrow is a new day and it'll okay!
I love driving behind old people. You can get so much done: eat breakfast, lunch and dinner, read a book... write a book.
Glorieta for the night.
follow me follow me tweet tweet follow me follow me
hahaha. I'd be on the news "young black girl crashed in school parking lot by trying to just turn on the radio"
Had a good workout :)
I'm not even mad about that pimple! That was awesome!!! Ik I'm gross!
It's my #1 pet peeve. My rule of thumb...don't make eye contact. With anyone. Then promptly place ear buds in ears : )
Why do you doubt me..
I love
I am so much better than you it is not even funny. Call me and let's talk about who is better. 414-429-3973 - Dare you!
LinkedIn is the old relative who doesn't know how to talk to you, so just asks you canned questions about school subjects. :)
biased biased biased biased biased biased biased biased biased.
Don't come on me like that with "so weird" only two words be a big girl and tell me what's you are on about
OMgg ! history is drivingg me crazy !! -.-
No homework :D
"You know your pillow without a pillow case? It looks like a bandage from the Civil War." - Tom Papa
Cheap apartments for sale in Miami-Ft Lauderdale are < $ 50.000
great start to the weekend with
Filipino ladies need to dress more age appropriate...
Sweatpants, pizza, Bridesmaids and wine. Shaping up to be a nice Saturday night.
thanks! the post installation tasks are working well. Working on installing all Windows updates via a script
alrighty! I'm down to party anytime!
so happy for your new addition!!!
I agree! I just feels weird especially when what I am reading is online or in a ebook!
UNF I want a late night hookup this summer. And a warped your hookup. Legit.
CJ DID SOMETHING GOOD.
Shades of gray in grammar rules
Love those who hate u.... Hate noone
Hello world! This is #badart society coming to you live and in color from Houston!
RT : follow -- ► ◄ entertaining, funny, inspiring & not afraid to speak the truth follow me
My mom is now a fan of Hahaha.
: we're getting tickets to the Kem/Jill Scott concert @ chastain . Getting a table for 6. Wanna go?
Hachette author dinner--first up is Brooke Gladstone of OnTheMedia, & author of fantastic The Influence Machine. She's delightful.
: You just might... we all know how lucky you are! :)
Omg. Help me.
did we forget ? Nashville next weekend !! Tootsie's next Saturday, show times TBA !
I not mad at you :))
what burger place is it from?
seriously it's not!!
A false dichotomy, that is divisive.
Some people are just going through the motions. Not even present in their own lives
Yea ima be famous watch hahaha
Sorry, I didn't mean THE Doctor, but if I had, I definitely would have avoided the game.
Way low! Don't know how people can understand communication science today w/o using the communication tools themselves.
go oregon ducks go 31-49
"We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are."
that's awesome, I might have to try that with my kids!
you won't be saying that at school ! You know you love me ALEX <3 . Ctfu .
Idk I used to be able to think positively lately
ArchitectureLan thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Why isn't my timeline loading
Wish I had some ice cream. Specifically, Rocky Road. Specifically, in shake form.
2nd yr in a row we are voted a #1 least hazardous & "excellent" UVA protection by EWG. A fact we are really proud of!
tear apart the very fabric of music AND the space/time continuum.
are u still active?
a lot of sites also let you put in your own age which can easily be fudged.
move to az they barely got grass
Your stupid af. Get out.
The Heat makin The Knicks out here lookin like pen valley
New AVR logo shirts are in! We'll have them for sale at the upcoming shows for $12 or just ask us and we'll get you one!
I use it for both too ! Thanks for sharing with me!
"How Can You Be in Two Places at Once When You're Not Anywhere at All" ~ Firesign Theatre.
Starting to use at work. So far so good. Particularly impressed with their twitter activity, actually. (Hiya!)
check you out, tweeting! way 2 go. now we just need to get 2 join the party!
What does not contain love must contain an illusion.
Hey , I made banana pancakes!
cheesecake factory with my bestieee. awww. we had cheesecake
Stanford band rocks..
Catching a cloud finna write some music
My Partner Just Say He $200 On The L.A FAKERS Tonight??? That Krack Must Got To Him Again
i wish my boyfriend went to this school.
burn it with fire!
Some say I'm needing some rest
all I will say dear is enjoy those wristbands :)
Thank you for all the hugs, prayers, and kind words. I have the best friends in the world.
Your arrogance is really starting to piss me off
Roshon Fegan from disney channels shake it up is coming to portland! give me your email & i'll send u more info on the concert
I like it(;
Love Maroon 5!
We did ok two nice size dolphin
Jason derulo really shouldn't sing and dance at the same time.
I'm here now dig!!!
i need some me time
#wahsingtondc,Heart of the King A Tribute to Elvis is now on click for 50% off tickets, you wont find this deal anywhere!!!!
So jealous, I live for OB Pizza Port! Give me some Pepperoni Pizza and a pitcher of Chronic and leave me there! Enjoy! :)
Well it was a little more expensive. Didn't get the data plan either.
looking forward to your presentation tomorrow Summit.
That awkward moment when someone is listening to your iPhone music, and then that one song you know your not supposed to like is playing.
Why is the damn newspaper calling me?
#wmc #secondthatemotion RT : #wmc, no question. RT : What should we do in Miami this year: Ultra or WMC?
Lord Justice Jackson set to have operation The judiciary has released a statement that Jackson, who has been appointed to lead a review i
Haha, no. Awesome! Tx
'Janet,& Cynthia were teeing off, but Cynthia was taking Xtra long time...' READ ON! @> www.ICUGolfStories.com #Best Possible #Golf #Shot!
Well, it's been a long hard road to victory, Pac. And by long, hard road I mean enduring the nat'l anthem and the halftime show
Happy May! Today kicks off the Eat Wild Challenge. We also have Chlorophyll on sale! $1.00 off! Pick up a bottle this month!
i can accept that
aww well thank you so much!! :) really really appreciate it!!!
Check out all of the books by and If you like Flynn and Thor, you will like them
Hi there! Haven't enjoyed any silliness with you for awhile.
TGIF2u+all these peeps!
thx to both of you & & for being there. my fully augmented network. ;)
Yeah Phillies! Go Halladay! Looking forward to a great season!
Can't wait! RT With Wei-Yin Chen & Stephen Strasburg both going today, that pair should oppose each other on Sunday, O's vs. Nats
so sorry for your families loss, Caroline.
Money Saving Tip #45: Keep an idea notebook in your pocket.
That's not fair...
That was hard to text lololol
that looks about right :)
Dear classroom teachers, remember that art teachers will only see each class 2-3 more times this yr. Don't take any classes away.
Don't worry, #pricemobsters, we're workin' hard to bring u the best deals! Soon, the high prices will be swimming with the fishes.
will you please follow me I try so hard day to get notice by u and it would mean the world to me if you would follow me <3333
People watching like its my job...lol easy work day. (:
Another A M A Z I N G workout. I need more personal training. 😝😍
glad to hear only one on every radio! Congrats man, miss the days searching for your mixtapes! still will, c'nt lose gd music.
Thanks but I'm over it. I mean, I'm not gonna let it get to me forever. Haha, that probably sounds bad.
Go to sleep dork! We need you well rested for this album. Can't wait to hear it!
lol no much bigger. Maybe I can set up outside Wal-Mart
me haven't hit anything lately lol I'm ready tho haha
Speakers are lined up, special brews are brewing, summer time is here! I can't wait for August!!!
Thanks for the #FF, Anne! Have a fantastic weekend. :)
#EXPECTtheUNEXPECTED!! RT : Congrats to and the for advancing in
#FF Check these great supporters of ROCK!
hope you r ok and can enjoy the wedding. Congrats to your sister!
could you make it so you can adjust the positioning of the button? My theme doesn't play well with it atm
BOOM! Elite Eight, bitches!
Just saw TinTin in 3D. It was a lot of fun!
probably not depends on the time.
"Milk spill" - cracked a smile from Boehner - finally
Harry's the flirt, Liam's the sweet one, Niall's the adorable one, Louis' the funny one, and Zayn's the rebel. Put it all together=PERFECT.
Join us for Palm Sunday celebration at Zion. Special message entitled "Dissed in Death."
What's a pleasure watching all my 4 grandkids playing with each other.
It's great to have enthusiastic student advocates here again from !
Thanks!! That's fabulous. Such an important & timely topic
Right, they could luck their way into a WS win last year. But the best way to win a WS is consistent playoff appearances.
May have a couple hours free between lunch and heading to the airport. Any Austin peeps free?
we would all be screwed.....
thank you for the RT!
Get your business noticed! is offering 10% first month social media campaign that starts by Feb. 1.
Follow back? (:
Sweat pants Thursday!
Great UMA lunch with Professor Blanchard today!
#SHA Conference coming up, presenting on Thursday & trying not to snarl at my "I can help you with graphics" husband for not helping much.
#solid lol they cant see
Niggas trying to get me emotional #fuck not when I'm drunk
Couldn't agree more! RT : Jamie Oliver | A food revolution would save our health care system so much. It's called prevention.
Custom Website Promo, $500 Bucks get you a custom 8 page website with CMS dashboard built in to make live edits anytime
No doubt. Let's make some memories next year.
I'm cold -___-
Rock of Ages of Man
never debate breakfast just eat it! There's always a late lunch
are you a jogger? Because you've been running through my mind ALL DAY.❤
lmao go to it with Joe! Anyone can go you don't need tickets
I will always love you great-grandma Viva, no matter where you are I won't forget u, and I know u will be watching over me! #loveyouforever:
did u mean 2 send that 2 me? And does it have anything 2 do w/ Blaine & fried chicken?
N.O. history!!!
7pm at 501 E Chase. St francis academy.
Does anyone find it oddly ironic (and perhaps a sign) that our government is broken..and now so is the Washington monument? Just sayin..
Yeah it's funny watching you dance like lil John RT : can we have a campfire every night :)
just missing your fabulous makeup skills on my shoots!
Nirvana was my 2nd choice, very sweet shoes. We should exchange shoe pics :D
I got 5 on it.
Yes. Thx. Wasnt sure it was on campus ... danke
Then again, Cal might just go ahead and lose just before they play SMC.
can we reserve tables and bring in a cake for a birthday party we are having there on the 30th?
I hope so bro! I'll let u know what they say. And ill be hitting u up soon so we can make the clean version of the EP!
So grateful for those placed in my life...and for these moves we're about to make! You smell that...yup...money definitely has an aroma!!
RT for a shout out(:
Female Who Smell Good ...
Giving an Alma demo in Toronto! Osgood Hall is gorgeous.
My sources are now telling me a trade is coming. a BIG trade. Wow!!!!!!!!!!!
It's fascinating to watch the sign language translator; what an expressive language :-)
Again I did not do my homework. :P i'm going to summer school. :P
Thanks for RT'ing the opportunity to earn $10 for Chess-in-the-Schools while creating your holiday cards !
S/O to for being a really good friend and for being my favorite ginger
glad you enjoyed the summit. we were happy to get great responses on priorities for
thanks for following.
Almost done with work for this semester. Then...party time
Feisty Veterans vs Youngsters tonight in Celtics/76ers matchup. Will KG play as well as he did Thurs night? So many questions....
Parents divorced, tho act like together. Kid suspended/school & at Dad's GF house, gets killed. Takes them 3 days to find out
This is really bothering me
If I could dream at all it would be about you…
Who else thinks the new logo is the stupidest thing since ?
He's kind of pushing me to my limit and its starting to get old
Is that Balmain? She looks fly!!!!!!
Just saw your blog entry as a RT- Looks Awesome! Can't wait to see it in class tomorrow. Sorry my pages were so hard to deal with.
So whats up?(:
how much ?
take on Boston at 1pm today. Stop by the for lunch and check it out on 52 big screens!!
I'm jealous and so is my camera.
Tony Allen (former #Celtic) bothering Chris Paul
Shishito peppers ! So good!!!
I thought i had no homework this weekend. Leave it to Dr. Sage to prove me wrong.
indeed. time gets to us all alas....
Austin pleasee follow me I love you (:
Found a great colorist--Vance Crofoot. Has made our film look like a million bucks! What a talented guy.
Watch the Throne. Niggas.
I'm watching your special right now with my wife fucking hilarious. When u comin to Boston again
I'm sure he didn't
If you don't jump you'll never know if you can fly...
family dinner?
I'm out of 'bitch' for right now
Rt -> U like me
Damn its about to fuckin rain!!!
Jesus. Brain-to-mouth filter in disrepair, I guess. And really only a half-truth. You're interesting looking AND super pretty.
My 5 year old daughter is obsessed with Pocahontas and there are no Pocahontas things to buy, not like the Disney princesses
Liverpool fightin for that 8th place EPL finish against Chelsea's B-squad
Opening sequence to MI: Ghost Protocol: you are awesome.
Spent 20 mins looking for my other slippers my lil girl hid from me...
Love is not just defined by how you feel but what you cherish and adore that endures with constant bliss.
#lrnchat is there a concern in social learning that a group alpha may dominate and drag group off track
ME PLUS YOU (now you'll be thinking in your head, "Imma tell you one time")
LUV U :D
Yahoo news. Couldn't get my news any other way.
Tell him we all know he's a total twat anyway.
yes LMFAO who else would txt u that ?
see you both again soon for our collab #3d scanning project!
I see your a Mac user, any suggestions for using photoshop?
To focus only thing on my mind is God, school, success, and ways to make/get to the money
Not sure about easter dinner? For the first time we will open on both floors. Easter "sunday supper" ham or lamb red potatoes, minted peas.
it's all good in the hood. can't complain..whats up wit u?
How do you feel about the fact that libraries won't be able to lend an e-book version of
Thank you for everything you do for us and everybody
I don't even know what a advocatjdk is
your welcome . Happy Valentines Day ! :D
About to record vocals for new demos!
many thanks for the newsletter. Congratulations on Porch House feature in Details!
Need a growth spurt? A daily dose of Luke 2:52 will help you grow intellectually, physically, spiritually, & relationally.
Just making dreams come true. No big deal!
congrats on Just Be My Lady!!! Guys deserve it!
please follow mee ♥
love u bitch
Thanks to the ladies at this morning for the excellent chai & cinnamon roll I could not have gotten through the morning w/out it!
The Summer Set announce their Fall Tour line-up & dates! Visit myspace.com/thesummerset
yep. Character development not tied well in to story - or not there Especially Johnny Lee Miller & Chloe Moretz.
I hate ppl who say their ICONiacs but not true ones!!
Love the 90+ wine dinner mention - got a link that works? Thanks!
Will Ferrell & Jimmy Fallon together makes me giggle so so hard
Ordering chinese food and watching a ridiculous movie on #besteasterever!!
Please follow if you're into drug knowledge and revolution. One of my favorites on my TL:-)
should bring lunch to my job since he's so close now!!!
Gladiators Cage Fighting returns to WI State Fair Park Sat, Nov 7th. Six Title Fights! 20+ bouts! Reserve tickets today (414) 967-7767.
Excited to hear Sen. Dan Coats today! Thank you Schmidt Assc for having me.
Person most likely to turn on Fox News on 1 of the only TVs at the #gym? Dude w/ the hairiest shoulders.
your city council! Can't spell? Where u go to school
Going out with the father :).
Life with #Perl is like a box of chocolates, you never know what crazy $#!+ other devs will have sprinkled throughout the codebase --
S/O to for being a stranger.
you're late for work....hahah “: The security lines at atl airport are off the hook. Legit 45-1h waits. Wow”
I love that people keep coming up with different ideas, perhaps been done before, but at least different and passionate
BIG REAR END LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
So..... Just found out my dad is graduating college tomorrow. Nice!
I know! Things are well same old stuff. How are you how are the girls?
Could it be any nicer outside?!
you won't even text you brother back! Not even mom.
Every time she closed her eyes
yeah .. We'll go with that one. Lol
The enemy cant afford to let you in why? You have the ability to reach millions with one song and voice the truth sowed inside you by Pastor
i wanted a bagel and there is no creme cheese or bagels left wth -.-
Minus 100lbs including the weight of the beard. Haha.
was amazing!!!! Much <3
": Let's Go Rangers. They need to come out in 3rd like they did in 1st and don't stop! #NYR">>Yes, yes, yes!!
who am I kidding. I love my babies...
Hacking new pathways to progress will always require pioneers with an immunity to having arrows in their back.
"Twitter is about friendship, charity, faith, peace and love." COMING SOON #TwitterMovie www.riley'sfortune.com
got no wife but the white be my girlfriend
whenever mentioning big data, I prefer to write it out in all capital letters. "BIG DATA" sounds more substantial than wimpy "big data"
you've doubled my followers. this is getting intense.
Hello SAH thanks so much. Really appreciate ur response 4 FREE Ebook. All best to you.
is high as the sky
Calypso running.
": U can't tell nobody you CHANGED u gotta prove & show them u CHANGED"
Today’s the day! We’re ready for the deluge of Baltimore Community Fellowships applications!
Typical symptoms of Pink Eye are redness, itching or burning and a crusty, goopy discharge that makes your eyes stick shut when you wake up.
Sunshine is a luxury, just to see another day is enough for me
Ah its raining and thundring and im in a sun room and i am craving CHEESE..!!!!!
great, dm me your address :-)
Shout out to for purchasing a sperantsa hat!! Thanks for the support!
it stretches us spiritually
"Your brand is the truth about you, well told." -Harry Beckwith
Why should I stay at the bottom of a well, when a strong rope is in my hand? ~ Rumi
Your money is yours and any government that wants more from you for their wasteful spending is not working for you.
Thanks for the RT!
hahahaha.. I am too!!! Hahahahahaha.. that was funny. Different cultures with different language barrier! Lol lol
What an AWFUL Sunday night football game. Wow. Let's hope the #Chiefs don't get steamrolled tomorrow night.
Sexy brunette girl next door coming to new orleans ! Check me out at alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Invite your followers to join you in the #SalesSuccess chat. Retweet (RT) the following…
Straight up and down: If you make music and don't love Bad Brains, get the fuck out of my life. You know nothing.
Okay, I forgive you. FOR NOW.
watch the vid!!!!
Helping Des Ark and Pygmy Lush book their spring tour. It's going to be phenomenal.
#today was amazing :-)
It can be nice to just relax! RT : i only have 2 things planned for this week. kind of excited to be on a slower pace this week.
Heads up! Our 50 millionth downloader will receive a lifetime individual subscription to all SSRN networks. Tell your friends!
Can't wait to be eating dinner and playing games and sipping coffee and reading books and riding bikes and doing yardwork with my family.
Thanks man! And we are not signed!
RT : NFL scheduling Thurs seminar for negotiators to learn new rules, obvious necessary step. NFLPA needs to do same with agents
Wish I was as cool as and drank during class..
Guess i iron an get ready for work & quit watchin Jeremy Kyle dis nigga off da chain.
So I thought i liked you, I hate you. :D
Dumb baserunning mistake by Avila should have stopped at third
thank you so much!
F4F #TeamFollowBack #AutoFollowBack i need some followers! help us out?:(
I LOVE u. Thank u for guiding me my ENTIRE life. #100%
It's on: Starting Fri, July 1st, the SPCA of Wake Co (NC) is waiving the entire adoption fee for cats aged 2 yrs and up. Let's save lives!
Casual drinking before o staff training tomorrow. #casual?
A little slice of heaven that's secretly stashed away. on
Internetpreneur interested in helping people get real business including:Social Media Marketing,
all I gotta say is
My tears are dry... I'll be another Amy whinehouse the way this is affecting me... WTF?
I wish my life was the way it was before I met you. Now all I ever do is think of how much I like you.<3
“: thanks for the follow! A good resume is essential for good business.”where u do business??
congrats to NF Suzanne! What an honor!!!!
Hope you enjoy yourself but LETS GO BUCCOS
33 mining vs bad aggressive Canadians for profit
good follow shane.
Saturday concert night with and Big shouts to Sarah and Brit and Amy and Laura
Florida Gator shirts are like Lacoste shirts on roids.
Let me know if you're going and want to split a room.
Trayvon's Murderer Should Have Been Arrested & Investigated As Soon it Happened. But that's not the case. The Power was given to the People.
I stopped watching "Glee" after episode 1 of season 3.
lol u too sweets!
The general rule of thumb is,"If you are asking the question, it's been too long."
Online Course:How to Start and Operate your own Home-Based Business - now updated for Canada! www.thehome-office.com The HBB expert, Helene
What?!? New tires already? Boo...
Who runs ? It is awesome.
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 21 End Of 3rd #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
Yay today at my cross country race I got 2 see my old coach and her new baby
Follow my Dad. It's his birthday! He's a bodybuilder, physical therapist, personal trainer & new Grandfather to a little girl!
Thanks for sharing your find. Wallis Bird sounds great! Too bad her second album isn't downloadable in the US (yet?).
OK CLT, ticket booked!
guys! would you like to work on a website?
Blair waldorf is so dumb! Id always choose chuck.
At what point did I stop caring what I look like when I leave the house? bite me t-shirt, black stretch pants & pink garden shoes. Sexy.
ready for the weekend already.
It's only been hours since my run and I'm already
#Wenyoubouttohavesex in the person scared to cut on the light wtf u scared for lol.
I will never treat a girl wrong . "I promised that and i haven't broken a promise yet"
Democratic fundraiser Norman Hsu will plead guilty to 10 counts of wire/mail fraud.Made illegal donations 2 Hillary Clinton. www.msnbc.com
i need a new tv
Computer is down, needs recovery. Darn! Wanted to write this weekend.
man i love blue jolly ranchers
The saga is ridiculous! Rodgers is a stud...& remember Favre at peak was stonepimp! You don't remember MJ as a Wiz!
I try... What's wrong anyways? Ain't no dude worth all that moping around
Thanks to the many folks who helped make the 2012 Community MLK Celebration a success!
Correct indeed, but let's not forgot they did not have Tony Parker. We need to run run run tonight!!
Im jye hungry..wat should i eat for breakfast.
At kilwins best store ever:)
I need new people to text
We sure do. Let me know if you want more info.
I think so!
I go into pet stores and knock on the glass to wake up puppies. That's what I do for fun.
Free class May 23rd! Spots fill up fast. Who is ready to reserve their place in this intro?
If 20 is the new 40, cocaine and waffles is the new gin and juice.
Freshbooks is great - have never had a problem with them either.
follow back please? [: ~Dannah
hahhahahha!!!! thanks :D
I hate waitin on people
congrats on making the team! well deserved (:
Thanks for the RT John! That was a TV "classic moment". Almost as good as the time Howard Cossell's toupe was pulled off! ;0)
was at seeing 's Naked Before God. Good stuff. Funny, surprising. Congrats to all involved.
you never cease to make me smile... :)
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place
Hey, Tweeps, please help me with my DnD campaign. I need some creative names for fantasy kingdoms/realms/territories. And....go!
Still eating this cake from yesterday. I managed to give almost half to my sister. That still leaves me eating half a cake.
I sure wish this lounge singer could do something other than John Mayer. It's so bad, I'd rather hear John Mayer!
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
Seder? There's an app for that! Just found an iPhone Haggadah
Thanks John for the shout-out about guest post on your site!
thank you. Almost there. Ready for the SUMMER! Looking forward to you're new movie! Good luck back to ya!
fuckin' gutsy is the Onion
Also caught episode of web series, Diary of a Single Mother, must-see web viewing.
Does Kyle Pratar also play basketball? Nevertheless, I still love my Cats.
Just have a great life and be happy <3 oh and remember those that love you :)<3
So lucky bro. I have a couple weeks left.
that was mean. You've had it out for him from beginning. Respect an artist. You wouldn't do that to Jay Z!
Thanks for checking up on me..oh wait.
I was looking forward to the Kyle Boller reunion tour for 2012. LOL! The bad news Carrie Boller doesn't come here as well
#TheWholeWorldIsWatching originated spontaneously at the 1968 Dem Convention in Chi, because it was true right then and there.
Lmao 1 thing I'll never miss about the South: The stench of a girls breath w/ multiple gold/capped teeth on a hot Summer's Day
On my way to school :/!
NaLee a mysterouly sexy brand new mermaid fantasy!!!! Check it out at NaLee2010.com
RT How My Voice Went Silent by NPR's Richard Harris. n.pr/zj1bPI
has about 5 false start premature tweets
I love it, too. Interesting about the human body!
This is epic! Let's go Boonen!
dear mke lawyer who hit my car, you are not above the law. your biz card doesn't equal insurance info.
Bob Dylan in the morning makes for an A+ day :)
trust me, i feel the same way. But the people are fam and i dont have the sowda to deal wit them
The FAU Owls v. FIU BB game. FAU booed when they announced Isaiah Thomas as Head Coach of the Panthers. I predict FAU by 5.
Chai tea, sleep & a long day tomorrow.
Thanks for the add! :)
packers forgot to run the 2 minute drill. gah.
Going to be making some big moves with the homie over the next few weeks
Hey, How Is Everyone Doing??
Glass of wine and
Agreed on all fronts. I was hoping he would come out motivated and destroy last night. If he wins, this dies down.
CA is too partisan; can't solve problems “: Nathan Fletcher made nat headlines for going non-partisan."
Many thanks Holly. Have a great day.
Awfully gutsy move by Shanahan to suspend Claude Giroux. Superstar. Best offensive player left in the playoffs. But deserved the suspension.
Ugh I hate commercials. I was so into this movie smh lol
Now she decides to answer her phone
One overriding life theme, to preach the gospel, caused Paul to present himself differently in different situations. 1 Corinthians 9:16-23
Camp 2011 coming to a close, Fun Time!!
Great! Looking forward to it.
you got it silly!
Lost my mother in law at latitudes in RR. Checked the restroom, didnt see her... She was in the mens.
Can't please everyone.
watching tv haha . I'm bored :D
Excited to see an "unconference" session at #presconf. Everyone is welcome to join us in Baltimore at our unconference on Dec 2!
Is it black or dark blue? It almost looks like a French flag.
iPhone on top dam every thang else
Great pictures. Do you have that printing equipment at Bath Spa Uni?
Do not be timid? What if you do fail, and get rolled in the dirt. Up again, you shall never be so afraid of a tumble. --Ralph Waldo Emerson
I will miss my show Khloe and Lamar :(
Thank you so much! Happy New Year to you as well--I hope it's your best year yet filled with so much happiness!
Quite possibly the best Thursday EVER. =)
Hitachi Steak. Perfect. Thank you.
when are you having another shoe drive? This time you should give out Twins tickets to the winner.
I know this is dumb, but i desperattely miss my blackberry bold
Mondays are shit.
Beyondthescoreboard.net I don't care how bad you loss to the your the
how've you been, its been a little while
thanks for checking!
viva cuba forever happy valentino day
If #birthcontrol makes u a prostitute, then most women are whores. Call me names if it means I'm a healthier mom! Wheres my #whore tshirt?
Proud of u guys
reading ur book...so Renee Hardy stole $83K from you and you didn't do anything? What? Forgive and forget???
Thanks, you two! Hope all is well. I'm writing City of Ghosts right now--trying to make my deadline!
They are illogical & ignorant bastards...just saying
Here we go dog...adorable. Love the plug for rescue dogs at the end.
The day I get married and have kids gone be the two best days ever
Severely demented parishioner who went missing this evening has been found. Thanks be to God.
Employees shouldn't have to check their views at the door.
Why'd you ask how long your penis would be if you were a guy then.? xD
Having Santorum for President would be a humiliating kick in the crotch to 21st century civilization.
I'm at 199 followers. It would be the most awesome thing ever if was my number 200!!
"And then the lover,Sighing like furnace, with a woeful balladMade to his mistress' eyebrow"
PLEASE COME AND MEET ME AT SIX FLAGS I WOULD LOVE TO MEET YOU! <WeMissAustin!>
its a loong week ahead o' me. blunts, yelawolfs, pipes, bongs, brownies, cakes, pies, etc.
Enough Jamie Lannister screen time already.
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
are you suggesting I take notes? I'm gonna have to re-think my whole game plan after your first story!
This is as good as it gets
HAHA yeah I get that a lot. :)
Coffee. It's an Alterra kind of morning.
im tired of everything , this summer needs to come by faster .
Thanks for the follow and your constant updates.
#Spanish party tonight! Do you know "Feria de Abril" from the southern region? *Casa de Espana* is hosting an incredible authentic feast
What an amazing organization you have. Congratulations on having such an awesome job! So glad to stumble upon you.
great. Thanks a lot :)
There are four things a child needs: plenty of love, nourishing food, regular sleep, and lots of soap and water. - Ivy Baker Priest
Way to show the drunken mother not paying attention to her or someone's child
Sake tasting
I lived in Colo Spgs near NORAD. At night, I could only hear the sound of fighter jets circling in the air space.
The airport is a people watchers
As much as I dislike walking home in the rain, I do love thunder storms
Thank you for voting us as Best Website Design in the Shepherd Express Web Design Awards! www.brewcityonline.com
Just arrived in SF, but phone thinks I'm at LAX. Looked out the window of the plane to confirm I didn't get on wrong flight
I bench Ichiro for Reddick and Ichiro hits two home runs in two games. Ugghhh.
Soo, this morning i got to wake up to something really weird, my boyfriend cheated on me(: Great Day!(:Gonna have a good day,game later!♥(:
BMo quotes shameless plug thnks buddy lol RT : I might have 10k if my tweeting game was as strong as
Recognize what you have, don't lose your star because you were chasing after the extra's
no problem! ;) thanks for following us!
it's not a tail if it attaches in the front.
And by the way, welcome back to those people i havent seen in 11 months.
Tackling problems &#39;down there&#39;
At Mass today I was drawn to 2 Timothy NOW I SEE WHY.
loved your doc! So good..recommending it to people tomorrow!!
u busy ?
you go to private school?
Working on a new tumblr to bookmark my museums/art/activism links and ideas. More to come.
Good to know. Am thinking about moving to the subscription model. Not sure though.
Awesome! RT Our team is completing some final tests & you will be our first promo badge to go out on APPCityLife!
I do occasionally have moments when I wonder if I've completely lost my mind, but somehow that sensation always passes
Maybe we moving to fast but fuck it lets crash.
Thanks to everyone who submitted answers for our survey! The winner of the $50 in Routledge books is ! Congrats! We'll DM with info.
I loved the bow!
I want my two dollars!
Hashtag your shit in a comment and you will get likes!
Follow me on GIFBoom. [Caitlynn_Salazar] I'll follow you back.
do u like rivalries to be played on a campus or neutral field?
Lessons in marketing:
The University of Arkansas staff was friendly and helpful! From advising to admissions to financial aid, all was great!
Holy Cow where did today go?! Superproductive Woman is my name! Now to my personal emails...
Happy Saturday !!
I'm in love with this weather. It makes me feel like I'm back in Chicago.
XD pshh ya know ya missed this guy XD
hahaha how old r u now
what did Sapp do?
Chillin with my bro, makin plans for the summer time.
We must believe in luck. For how else can we explain the success of those we don't like? -Jean Cocteau
Don’t forget to wear loose, comfy clothes when you visit us! ;)
you're welcome
sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh he's old.
At belle isle getting ready for tonight's show
Fuckin beat! Nice workout
Happy Birthday :D
"A manager shud stay as far away from his players as possible,I dont know if i said 10 words 2 FrankRobinson while he played 4 me EarlWeaver
Luckiest guy in the whole wide world. Two women w looks + brains. I might have to play the lotto today... |
The season of #Trueblood almost over... WAH ):
$220 dollars already made. Please keep donating!!! Thank you once again to all the fans out there
Do u have an eyePhone? Mine has a reminders app & I use it for a daily one.
Thats your man but he fuckin the whole raleigh including your friends
First angry rejected artist/writer email today - we are officially a real journal!
i luv my fellaz.. but the ladiez r more fun 2 look at....
Also, this release means any of the 200+ who got a keycode at BADCamp last weekend are good to sign up. :)
and Happy Mothers Day to all the other wonderful mothers out there! :)
Today will be a unique Family Night because we will make ID cards your children for the Child ID Program. See you later!
It's official!!! Motorhead added to the 2012 Mayhem Festival Lineup. This is gonna be huge!!!!
no way
#fall showed up today.
I just #love the word "whatsoever"
give me more forewarning and the first round of drinks is on me. If I'm in NYC before then, I'll drop in!
Don't you mean Just Do It?? :)
Nobody has it easy, everybody has their own problems. So before you start judging people, remember everybody is fighting their own war.
Crying doesn't mean your weak,it just means you've been strong for to long <3 last quote for tonight guys<3u :D let's get me to 600 tomorrow
the panic in Rick Perry's eyes when asked about his disbelief of climate change was pretty satisfying
time for Top CHef!
You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change. -Les Brown
Wishing everyone a strong finish to the semester!
We aim above the mark to hit the mark. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's my baby's bdayyyy I love you so much <3 <3 I will sing to you.... Just a warning
Thanks -- had a lot of good questions that got me thinking about how to give context for what we're trying to do.
what happened?
No one can compare.
Bitches are gonna get fucked up today Cheergirl<333
call me or check your texts before going back.
+1 RT : "Making fun of Wikipedia is so 2007." French journalist via Sue Gardner.
is sewing while intoxicated.
I think this LU tour guide is scaring the visitors away..
Done w/ home & garden show. Time 2 work on my home & garden. Could'nt have picked a better sd day 2 do it!
Happy Thanksgiving!! So thankful for everyone in my life! 🐔
A baseball game is simply a nervous breakdown divided into nine innings.
I don't think I've ever been this sick before..
If you have previously posted your videos online it's ok, you can always remove them or password protect when you begin applying
Today's Sandwich: Ham & cheddar on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, mayo & a cup of soup....$6.95
Woot dragged extra people in from the hallways to see speak at
We'll always be here for you...
I need my security guard.... this guy is a douche bag.
Numerous reports of slick roads in southeast Aurora. Several cars sliding off of roadways.
Yup in this hotel and I have no idea how to work this remote
just hook it up share a music link for me
we ARE kinda awesome :)
To be fair Wolfgang is doing a seriously badass job holding down bass duties. It's fun to watch him & Eddie play together
Market Research Forecasts Power Wheelchair Market at $3.9 Billion by 2018
Please follow me ! :(
I am on a MLM training/support group call - I read my Vision Letter to the group
Exploring new backroads and neighborhoods...Atlanta is a beautiful city on two wheels!
what's you doing ? 😉
So long World Wide...nice knowing you.
Lol. I be doing that same shit. Don't want the employees thinking I'm a broke bastard.
Lebron James is better then Kobe in the 1st 3 quarters and the regular reason
Blues History: Nov 10, 1956, Billie Holiday performed at New York City's Carnegie Hall after a three year absence from touring.
I have seriously been in "head down" mode! #needabreak,
This question was asked of me tonight? Favorite movie villain and favorite movie hero? Need help make suggestions!
h Hampton Inn downtown.
3 Stars, 3 In the Box coming up at 8:30. You can chime your 3 & 3 in over Twitter or by phone at 248.848.1130
We had 4 really bad losses this year( Coastal, CoC,BC, USC) win 3 of 4 of those, and we are almost in tourney...
big money in the prison system, we've got to keep them filled.
and we thank you all!
is manning the twitter for tonight's show! www.radiokolamerica.com
Promotions are also a great way to keep your followers engaged on Twitter - Who doesn't want deals or free stuff?!
what happened to YellaWolf? Nobody is checkin for that dude. You were right once again!!
#oomf is really goin through it :(
Where have I been? I don't have to travel 90 minutes to visit my favorite place to eat anymore? Thank you just made my day!!
BOTH of my boys will be at work today. Thats always fun -_-
I think yes
first song I hear playing on when get outa school is Just Dance. Happy fucking friday!
Josh Greenberg from Grooveshark on the live feed at
did u win?
Sad that Tulsa media like complain when people don't credit them, but they won't credit for TPD sex report.
bro George said 7on7 practice is tomorrow at 11 at hebron
Why am I fat?: All symptoms of a yeast infection
Back from excellent NSLunch with and others. Thanks guys :-)
Planned retreat for a lot of months. It was nice to be off grid for a bit.
haha its lil so dogs n stuff could eat himm but whenever were not doin anything lol
Bon Appetit! :) RT Thanks The Newsroom is feasting on the fine food you dropped off
that gotta suck so what are you using to post
Sunny but chilly - perfect day for Soup and Sandwich Special! Come over or call and let us deliver!
#irony indeed!
This no cable thing is for the birds. I need my NBA and MLB.
oh & we sold our last #ButterCowBandanna last night so now your friends are extra extra lucky!
BYW they played "Ninja Rap" at the bar tonight.......
RT : (Crime Prevention Tip) Cover the Basics This will help you develop a farm emergency plan that includes a farm......
Brought some of that NYC hustle and style back to Texas. Expect great things from me in the near future.
Just landed in LAX for North American Kick-Off. Trip started on Amtrak NYC>Orlando>Delta>Minneapolis>LA, 36 hours total...
love you too #bestfrienddd :)
We'll miss you..Thanks for all your hard work and dedication. Good luck in South Africa next semester!
Scores some great items at the #boden sale on boston today!
Missing half the game for this interview :/
Love this! Cute couple too. :)
welcome u twit lol
tag! you're it!
It wasnt me.
Hey college kids of liberty, we survived, no thrived, no conquered the church service tonight!
Who's goin to tomorrow in the
We did! Thanks for the follow. We loved your new video! Have you shared it on Rocket21 yet?
you might be right.
Yikes, sorry to hear you about the trouble. Looks like the product is shipping tomorrow. Does that help?
RT : In 1839, Mississippi becomes the first state to grant women the right to hold property in their own names...
So amazed how such a simple worship service can hold so much meaning, so glad you were able to experience with me
Telling everything to Julia makes everything better:)
RT : Listen to me and talk about 's "Endgame" today at noon on "The Front Row."
Did you see Nathan's numbers! Another incredible showing!
.. forgive me please ..
I Want Someone To Catch Me When I Fall.
I guess someone wasn't paying attention is her or her multiple intelligences lecture... :) Glad it's interesting!
Thanks, hope you are feeling better & get to enjoy the beautiful day!
And I thought Justin Beiber fans were annoying but then came One Direction.
It's really awkward to order a "Tall Blonde" at Starbucks.
YOU CAN AND YOU WILL
Why did the.Easter Bunny hide his eggs?????
I'm rooting for ya :)
Is there something you need to talk about?
-Very awesome! Loved your interpretation. I also feel, that after watching this episode that Delena is endgame.
People are always talking casually about inflation via ticket prices, but the place my sticker shock is most visceral is candy bar pricing.
You don't lie, gone in a blink of eye! Congratulations on awesome poster!
What's the difference between a cat and a comma? One has claws at the end of its paws, and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
The mamak gang very daring ~
haha no worries...I guess some people have to go to school... :P
Chargers look like the team we thought they were. Raiders look lik the team we thought they were. Too bad for Norv. That's football.
I wish I can frequently changed my default like other people. But I can't with this acne on my face now ugh.
Too Fucking busy , too busy Fucking .
Verizon straight ripped off the SNL "Bad Idea Jeans" skit
#amwriting and loving it.
technically its the first of July but no one goes and the second to last day we go to an amusement park. So basically the 30.
My tire gave up on the 134/2 free way. Yes, it blow out. I'm okay. I thank God someone was with me to guide me. :)
In the wake of Supremes decision in drug info case experts know it is a loss for those VT legislators who care about privacy
Ask yourself this question: "Will this matter a year from now?"
On the road to Timberstone Golf Course in the beautiful Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
Just spun new single "A-OK" on and I'm diggin' it, i like it!
Check out the new website for ! Kudos to for the web design!
you keep making that mistake...
Why do some people blame themselves, and others blame everyone else?
Once you suggest impatiens I stop listening to anything you say
that's right the city gotta stand behind our team! I believe in these guy! DROSE WOULD WANT THAT! God does things for a reason!
humming here we on the way to and from work.
I'm atheist so I let the blunt bless her .
cool beans. thanks!
Just saw #CrazyStupidLove - great ensemble film by a seasoned and talented cast. And you got some kind of charm, boy!
omg. Follow mepleasee
bill gates cloud computing
text me when you send those joints over
New topic - New E500 c/w twin kit owner
Free Delivery on our Thin or Stuffed Pizza.Also we Deliver ourFull Menu after 4pm-8:30pm
The odds are not in my favor.
Wrap on day one for me. Three more to go
enjoying your *Putting a Stop to Abusive Client Behavior* series.
I #fucking #hate #people. I REALLY DO PrincessCiera
My day is made just by passing DEQ. Small victories.
You're watching that too?! :3
Me: "Mom, you need to watch like now" Mom: "Whats a "
Good night
when will there be a new blink 182 album out? I'm dying ..... hahah
to be tall
we are so grown & over it! #team5guys lol
Soo happy to be in bed right now !
I don't need a motive for revenge.
i would do the same thing though to a dude .dont asked me nothin if I don't know you
The sexy one-shoulder trend is great for warm weather.
ShowCase tonight, ah
Thanks! We are honored to have Elizabeth on the list!
Facts 1) Aguilar is on the council. 2) knew SOTC was scheduled 3) Left town anyways 4) not courteous to colleagues
Gyming to is so great
Lots going on! Finished DeAnna Andrews Bold&Beautiful Intensive Monday night. Tonight, great feedback from Kimberly Foster-McCollum
I suddenly have the desire to see Frank Cioffi's 1973 lecture "Was Freud a Liar?"
I love that I live in a city where the entire theater laughs at a preview for "Abe Lincoln Vampire Hunter"
Just called a friend to wish him happy birthday. His birthday is tomorrow.
that makes two of us. I'm buying the first prototype lightsaber as soon as it's invented!
Thanks so much for the vote & the retweet!
Thoughts on #GOP #response: pshh. That's it.
thanks to an everybody else for showin out last night. i owe you all beers.
happy G Day pimp
Fire drill baby!!!
Looking forward to seeing what I find there.
It didn't say anything...
I'm sorry. I didn't get home until late. There was a really bad accident.
Welcome Rosie Huntington Whitely one of favorite #supermodels to Twitter!
On teacher appreciation, a shout out to ! Helping students discover their creative potential!
Wow this movie is crazy already and I just turned to it
Congrats #Brewers!
“111 million people watched the 2012 Superbowl. 650 million are watching this Man U vs City game in over 200 countries” amazing if true
exactly! worked out in my favor and my younger siblings got to do the bitch work. it was a win win, lmao
come along and ride on our phantasmatic voyage
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
Why must i get blamed for everything...?
SWAG SWAG SWAG ON U
I know, I know. And I'm gonna find out hahaha :)
<---follow him. He is badass.
Second only to GuJo and Raf!
I'll take a 40. You a fan of Steel Reserve?
OH SHIT GOT A TWITTER.....FACEBOOK CAN FUCK MA BITCH.LOL
*raises hand*
thanks we really appreciate it.
I should know by now never to look in the mirror in public bathrooms with fluorescent lighting. Ugh.
#Blackberry decided to grab & sync all my laptop music... but it can't play them. Says file type not supported. Stupid Programmers.
RT : Wow! UH Basketball player gets #1 Play of the Day on ESPN.
Reminding myself that there is always light at the end of the tunnel
Hey look, still no runs!
girl I'm squeaky like Mickey Mouse!
"If its important to you and you want to do it "eventually", just do it and correct course along the way"
porduce empowering film & shows, That's All I Really Wanna Do
S/O to da TURTLES wit dey confusin ass letters
NOBODY PUNCH A FIRE HYDRANT AFTER THE GMAE!!!
Peloff: Pop culture is incredibly important because they produce the images and archetypes women measure themselves against.
Hi Great to see you at I loved your LOHAS preso 2yrs ago +you write the best emails!
ctrl-p, hanging this up in my cube
Would twitter still exist if the zombie apocalypse happened?
The new Kobe Nike commercial is sick!
Well done, lady. London, she loves to be treated like a hot girl who you won't call the next day. She's cool like that.
yup I don't think we made excuses last night...we did work
I sound Desperate!!!! Never that!!!!
I would pay for a private bathroom to be built for me at work just to side step the shame of this whole ordeal.
thx for your support of !
Enough with P*psi already. Find another way. You can do it without marketing corn syrup. Think about it.
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:D pretty pleeeaassse! 48
our YouTube channel is mufasatheband but the bids are pretty old. We got newer footage we will upload soon though
lol I'm Confused
I wanna soccer jersey
I'm just cool like that
Dollar store shades gone AWOL
Big things happening for me tomorrow
Journey on the Today show!
Throwback Thursdays going in on
oh hot damn
Thankful that, even after midnight on a weekday, local twitterers respond quickly to tweeted questions.
Bitches be so extra I swear! People still ain't Learned how insane I am I definitely got some screws loose and you go learn today!
A guy who truly loves his girl does not need to unbutton her shirt, just to have a better view of her heart.
Eating frosting and crying and watching sad movies with
Road trip was fun but there's no place like home.
Good morning!!(:(: Hope you all have a fantastic day!! <3 you all!!
We miss you guys in Seattle. All quiet on the homefront without you. How's #coworking weekend?
Oh my god. Barmes is 2 for 2 in his last 2 at bats.
RT: : Forget "Battleship", I can't wait for "Candy Land: The Movie".
In retrospect, drinking the entire bottle of wine wasn't the best idea
I know the piece. :) Some bibliography I didn't know before; good stuff.
The worst feeling in the world Is feeling like you lost your chance.
well, it's possible you'd have non glittery nails! we had super fun. I'm always happy to help.
I'm only watching the Oscars to see Bret from Flight of the Conchords win best song for "Man or Muppet." And to see the pretty dresses.
Your love for her runs through your veins. Literally.
how did the Yankees not do their homework before making the trade. George is probably rolling around in his grave
#inlove. 6 more days until eight months. M. <3
Coming up at 11 am in the Expo Theatre (Booth 1063) - Inkjet Technologies & Product Strategies
My Barbie shirt picture has 47 notes now... is this real life
Great game at the Pepsi Center! Avs up 4-1 in the 3rd over the #Devils!
Exactly, you're visiting me. Plus, you're in luck, one of my best friends goes to Stony so I will have extra excuses to visit.
please cameron! follow me =)
I'm not weak, I don't let a nigga control me. I can think for my damn self!
=) thanks hun appreciate the love
Innovation is usually associated with economic or technological advances but misses the all important SOCIAL innovation
just curious if you have any ideas what the issue may be?
Haven't gotten rid of the feeling of wanting to throw up since 5 am
to some humans, Fruits don't cause gas...Save a fart take a shit
oh... photo spam of meeting today? I think yes. ready?
I recall nothing....Berrigan is suspect.
Happy Anniversary! If #xdlab is anything like the holiday party, there will be some good stories.
Next time I will bring pie!
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FANS!~!!
i miss who used to be
Thanks! I'm from Atlanta :) I go to Berklee College of Music in Boston
I can't today:-(
So after looking at literally thousands of craigslist postings, I've now seen one - just one - that includes a floor plan diagram.
When did dancin' mean grindin', datin' mean havin' sex, kissin' mean makin' out like animals, holdin' hands mean grabbin' her/his butt...?
Happy birthday to one of my bestfriends I love you :)
Oh and for the record I hate u
Holy cow! Productive day... Now, what's going on tonight #Chicago?
Newmedia Li New Media to proceed with self-promotional branding initiative.... Stay Tuned for our Unique Selling Points (USP's).
moon crater or neat thumb ring?
ORLANDO vs STEAK - 72oz Tip: don't get it well done or your jaw will be well done :)
yeah... I gtg tweet ya later! By CiCi lol
bahahha ahah omg my mom would never do that because she says she can't remember them all :/
“A smile happens in a flash, but its memory can last a lifetime.”
I love how someone says.. Your son is not having a good week. uhm, lady it is only Tuesday.
Thank you for making me into a gluten-free girl :)
Who's ready to see 's NEW VIDEO PART!?!? RT
yea yea I know already.....
In Music Meeting Coheed & Cambria “We Are The Juggernaut” I think its good just don’t know if CD101 audience'll agree, Tom doesn’t
Words Can't Explain How Muchh I Love The . <3(:
Food was ok.. But definitely not worth the money!!! Ugh!
Frances Perkins was FDR's Sec of Labor, architect of the Social Security program & many other social programs.
Amazing! Paradise Lost at the just now...
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Beer Bistro - Pub (live updates)
Everyone should tell Happy Birthday because he is in fact the coolest magician on Earth!
You sound like the guys from American Reunion. :)
You are dum
Good morning!!!!
Did everyone remember to set their clocks up an hour last night?
Wait, they left Peavy in? Uh-oh.
Working TVs at the Lyon center?!
Earthquake :O
Looking forward to the Taste of tonight - tickets are still available, hope to see some of you there!
are almost certainly doomed to lives of despair and failure, because some idiots at social service agencies, and some dumb bastard lawyers..
i need to go south
Clint Eastwood is the biggest badass of all time
Garlic & Orange Juice.
Arrg :( Where you wearing something you shouldn't of?
Haven't drank a soda all day! This mess sucks!!
N Andy it's gone I'm done watching the game! The fact that nobody hit Millwood drive me crazy !
How can someone be waiting for you to be their luv one when they haven't talked to for a while?
by when?
Today i say goodbye to my wisdom teeth. Totally nervous.
I love when my boyfriend has a phone I can actually ignore? I hope your serious..
Been at apsu since 8 and still haven't played
oh yeah~ Poseidon is a good drama. It's my first Korean drama that I've watched.
At PNC park to watch the Pirates play the Cubs. Go Bucs!
Pancakes for breakky!:) smells great. Good Morning☀
it really really really sounds like you're talking about feminine hygiene. might want to reword this one.
Overheating laptop might just be dusty vents/fans. Talk to
What understanding begins to do is to make knowledge available for use, and that's the urgency, that's the push, that's the drive.
Happy Mother's Day <3
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken and 50 cent wings tossed in our famous sauces
RT : Same procedure as last year? Same procedure as last year! Happy New Year!
Good Morning! #CommunityVoices is on right now @ 99.1 FM in the Miami-Ft Laud market and streaming live at wedr,com
Boston MSBL All-Star Game, AL retakes a 4-3 lead in the 5th.
If the weather is like this during spring break i will be
Thanks man. Sorry I missed you. We went to run a few errands. This is awesome!
Recommend restaurants and cafes to your friends with Google Places' interactive system.
. My wife saw Alec Baldwin out in front of the Conrad earlier this afternoon.
RT : RT You're a young professional in Detroit but you weren't at ?? You def missed out!
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears, your actions louder than your words, and your faith stronger than your feelings.
yup yup that b me.
Merry Christmas to u and your family. Enjoy your holidays. Eat a lot, fuck the diet! This is our last Christmas lol
I'm listing to HONKEY TONK GIRL, Loretta Lynn!!
also, i will probably be hitting up bingo monday, but anytime in between is cool too. :)
cause I play David Guetta and because they have super dope local mixers... :)
I feel like a lame staying home on a nice Saturday night, but then I think about my three work days ahead and now I have no regrets
If you're gonna be a smart ass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise, you're just an ass.
Same here Omar -- you'd think a DTS with a perfect voting record would be getting a ton of mail.
I know I'm messing
You're all jel of my sibling skillz RT : . is such a good sister.... <3
Fun fact about Feb 9th. It was the Beatles first appearance on the Ed Sullivan show.
Feelin like I'm gettin a nice lil sunburn 
yeah easy. Stop stealing my jokes
I know! Isn't it great?! is pretty much just a beast all the way around.
