yesterday I had the opportunity to meet Austin but I couldn't :((((
I'll figure something out
they thought it would be funny to build a chain-link labyrinth. I saw some guy get legit caught in a boobytrap
Happy #Mother'sDay to all. Life's most important job...
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst! His work is absolutely superb!
I know it will be ok ... No worries !!!! RT
#Transformers looks like its gonna be dat shizz!!
Happy New Years from the High Guyz Productions! ! ! Yee
I wasn't serious
tomorrow to party it up for his b day!
Fuckkkkkkkk you pay me!!!
Anyone in MA or NH know where I could find creme de Yvette?
Who's heading out to see tonight??
No Zubaz print?
I meant bruh
“: follow" thanks! Enjoy the weekend!
and the $FBCD board is at it again....
Graduating in a month. Now I just need an awesome feminist political communications job.
you make me sad :( but I will see you on Monday!
S/O 2 MY #NF thanks for support by following
On my way to Green Bay to work my last Disney event for the next few months. Bittersweet.
Cant get espncom at ballgame. Anyone know how big papi, j hamilton, or arod did tonight? Cc
When you speak truth everyone may not like it but all accept it!!
k but tml
The louder the employees yell at each other in a Mexican restaurant, the better the food tastes.
I don't care how good looking you are if I look in my rear view mirror and see a cigarette in your mouth
This weekend should be fun!
Its really hard not to text u back & tell u that Blah blah blah blah imissyou
I can't stand Michael Buble's music!
Yes that is a flawless song. How is Broadway treating you?
Thanks Steve Jobs for innovation and vision, I think we may never see another!
One more witness to go.
Please follow swift lover's
I just resent it
- Jim, Thanks for the #FF. I greatly appreciate the support.
Sunny days in central California... :)
And my followers have been stucc on 25 for like 3 months
Thank you to and for a great conversation on innovative partnerships!
Happy Halloween my lovely spooky friends!!!! xoxo
Had to turn off the debates last night.
can you sign me to a record label???????
I'll keep an eye out for them! Looking forward to seeing your #innovation !
for following me :)
dont worry bruh I got u
woohoo! You're the best :)
Lovely // RT I see the robin/I picture the robin's nest/and blue egg hatchlings///
Thanks for the #Follow love today!!
One month from today, it's all yours Class of 2012. No pressure.
I feel bad for the IT folks at Comcast. I've a feeling it's a pretty major issue. Keep calm and carry on, folks.
laken and Jenna!
Fuck yeah I'm off. Lake?
as soon as someone invents a Trekkie-style transporter, I'll send you some. :-)
This is medieval! Love it!
Fun with packing. Getting the house ready to put on the market next week.
And good morning to those of you who are awake right now
It's only 6:30 in the a.m. And already it's been a day.
As if I didn't have enough of a reason to hate the state of Kansas...
Love the new tweetcaster def an upgrade
We have an upset! Tchaikovsky wins and will be featured next Friday on WQED-FM. THANK YOU!
Thanks for the follow!
is that Josh Schone?
Most breads were white, therefore they didn't have the germ or the bran in them
Aye I Got Sum Heat For Yu DM Mehh Yo Email .ASAP
Patriots fans...stop whining and just face your team is not as good as the NEW YORK GIANTS....its been proven...TWICE!
And they spell out International House of Pancakes... I was cool with IHOP
For the first time in such a long time, I can't wait for the next few weeks. I get to see my long lost bestfriend that I miss so much. <3
Happy bday to my boy
RT Affirmation: I guard my thoughts carefully and only allow positive and loving thoughts to come through.
Amen! Great job! RT Great job on decision makers the other day.
Guuurl you know it! ;D
I love s.s. class but we get way too much WAY TO MUCH HOMEWORK!!
avenge these!!!
I actually specifically made FlashCards++ to study for the #GRE, it even comes with an initial set of GRE vocab.
Take me or leave me
Lol RT ": omg what a small fucking world..yup bitch i know who the fuck you are.."
Sean Payton suspended a year and fined 500k. Spygate not so bad afterall
411 GreenWave is growing plus 1! We would like to welcome Meaghan to the Team!!!
make or break? “: #Braves have McCann, Heyward, Freeman, and Bourn. This could be big series for lefty Manny Parra out of the pen:”
DrawSomething is slowly taking over my life.
Gym time. Getting ready to hit the gym.
“: Which team is the Mötley Crüe of MLS?”. And one.
Did this drive take the entire half?
trecs is good too
are you Russian? You look like you're about cross Siberia on dog sled.
will you sing me to sleep?
How are you doing this evening?
you are my sweetest downfall
Feel like listening to some good music right now, any suggestions ?
No, it's cool. Someone offered $20 for Betsy, so we're even.
. Why is the D4 bus that's supposed to come at 6:15 pm NEVER there? It's very frustrating and completely inappropriate! Bad business.
Throwing lamps at people who need to lighten up...
Cramps :c but hanging with Eric
Great news.
Ha ha ha! you may be right, hats off to you! Just followed !
Thanks for stopping by the booth during ! , , ,
Lunch?! RT : Rolled out of bed right into ongoing project - 1st cuppa right now. Hiho!
Anyone else automatically feel better in this weather?
If people can't handle the brightness of your light? Give them some shades. Don't dim your light to please others.
Why can't you just be mine?..
Chicken and waffles. Can't wait for the morning
I hate making these guesses, but I don't think it will crack a 6
Tell me!
Nowhere near tired.
You tough sob! You are a badass Greg.I still want a rematch.Lol.Take care amigo.Hope to see you soon brother.
Make your own luck!
Steve Blake guarding Russell Westbrook maybe the biggest mismatch in #NBA history
and to think uu were different from the others . tuh #Joke`sOnMe
San Diego Reader | interview: Kirby Bliss Blanton
Yes! Yes! "Le Freak" - Nile Rodgers' memoir - is the best read out there! AND I really did read it, Nile! Haha!
i bet you wanna go to are's doe(;
Good Hit!
Bout to check out at Lunchtime Live on Capitol Square. Unfortunately 4 them there was no tent ordered today...Frizzle Fry.
How long until #Romney releases a statement that the surplus should have been bigger?
it should only be called if dudes plow through the defender... you shouldn't get rewarded for just camping around the rim
BMW 3 Series Sports Wagon coming to the U.S. in Spring 2013. No details on engines yet. More info soon...
Ok....so Novel Blogging is coming soon thanks to a pricing glitch. =D (any second now)
Let's back up. Coffee as a carcinogen. That's just wrong. Pickled vegetables, maybe, excluding cucumbers. And beets and....
Not sure yet
#IThankGod for you and everything else.
great - glad to help Kim. I'm blessed to say Ive gotten to know the Smith's very well in last 2yrs.
my ability to take things seriously is constantly at war with my sense of humor. i.e strong desire to give #ows in union square a map.
So how DO you build a skate park here in Nola? working to get support and funding
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "MONKEY" to the bartender and your first drink is free.
What I do? Lol RT Man she is too foolish I swear u gone wana fight her ass
Uh white stuff...dont think thats supossed to happen!?
nuhuhhh. i have people who call me lex all da time doe :c
thanks you are so sweet and yeah I hope we stay friends and meet sometime too! And I love Chinese food :)
“ As a #Leo because you're so powerful, it can be hard for you to find a partner.”
It's important that u stand out through all the clutter on #SocialMedia. Shake things up; post different content & see what happens!
Why does a slight tax increase cost you two hundred dollars and a substantial tax cut saves you thirty cents?
UPDATE: Our #ArtLook map, identifying which have #ArtsEd programs, will ripen over the weekend and go live 1/30. Can't wait!
Its so pretty out today!!! Doors are wide open. I can totally smell spring <3 The fever has set in. Uh oh.
me too!
CUTE 1DIRECTION LOVE STORIESS HERE /O/ &THERE ! OMGG ! IN LOVE WITH THESE PEOPLE WRITTING SUCH AMAZING STORIESS!
The hue and cry system said that citizens who didn't come to aid in cries for help could be punished. All homes needed a weapon.
osaka after school?
We can not believe the season is coming to an end. Time flies when your having fun.
I found the ending to be more exciting than any LOTR book. It's by far my favorite of Tolkien's stuff.
Don't mess it up NSU!!!
Tyto owls are the prettiest animals ever.
Attending the event tonight night at 6:30? Reminder: tweet about it using
I litteraly hate my school but good thing it's break.
That little bit of hope is what keeps me going..
Watching Plateau LMS product enhancements 6.4 at conference. Easier nav / robust search / drag 'n drop / more!
The Biz Kid$ organization is gearing up for a long ....but fun next week. Biz Kid$ Camps will be running & @ Park Avenue Festival
Lots of cookie favors from last night.! Great evening-thanks for being with us! <3 <3 <3
did I miss you? Not intentional - lemme fix when back in office.
Is that too much? Lol I asked but no one responded... LOl
ur winning as in successful
saw #koolskull do two songs totally nKed tonight at 2nd st jazz 
I thought you'd like it. It's a bit expensive, but would be nice. Get Express to offer it.
thanks for the #FF shout-out!
Haha you too! :)
Overheard: Leaders are about people. Managers are about processes.
Do you have a facebook.? Because theres alot of fakes of you so, I wanna add the real one.?(: Thanks.<3
Haven't played bball in 3 months. Got to get on it for those summer day battles at the Blue Ash Rec.
such an inspirational person: Ari Grande ♥
I'd better make money tomorrow, or else I will be livid I couldn't spend the day with my momma.
Shanks is out.
Finally Friday! What are your plans for the weekend?
All day long.
Music can change ya mood in seconds
I can't stop thinking about you.
A man cannot directly choose his circumstances, but he can choose his
Peace is the deliberate adjustment of my life to the will of God.
thanks Brian!
MT Are the Nuggets skimping on per diem? CBrewer hitting up the press room tacos pregame...<Maybe they dont have good tacos in Den?
worked 15 hours, just wanna go home, but no.. gotta sit in a traffic jam on the highway. My car hasn't moved in 17 minutes. Ugh!
who do I start? Phillip Rivers or Cam Newton?
Looking for #newhappyhourspots in downtown Denver...dive-ish/pub-ish preferably. Go!
RT: If you work with computers, you really must read George Dyson's Turing's Cathedral. It is our foundation story.
Wat a jerk
Remember we are opened 24 hrs a day and our LIVE dispatch is ready to serve all your courier service needs!! 877-527-5737
I really hope they're one.. if anything at least the at store is unified.
I never wore a size 4…even when I was 10 yrs old.
#ICNY Re Book of Mormon tix: Sorry, I forgot you can DM me only if I follow you. You can just express interest with a Tweet
well thank you!:)
Novak is the nicest gunner in the league #truth👌
*what is?
when's ur birthday?
Cause she just sucks as an actress and her voice is annoying
God please get me through today.
Looking forward to the Social Media Symposium this Friday Alumni Center
These past couple weeks have been hard. :/
lol wait! There is one!! 🙅
have a great Sunday!!
Thanks so much, Grace!
Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love, the things you are, the things you never want to lose
TGIF - What are you planning for your weekend?
im from Derby Kansas :D
it's a really crappy day
I'm watching Anders Osborne at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012 shredding it!
Thanks for tweeting my story, Rosa.
Bad Girls Club!
On my way to get a massage! It's that kind of day :)
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 42
No worries! I have all of Tony's Voice tunes (and other great tunes)... I'll bring them with me. =)
I wanted you to take me on a date. (8
We're giving away a DUCATI at #interop - stop by booth #1117 for a chance to win!
Omg math is retartd!!!! I Hav my math midterm tomorow o this should be fun, right? =/
Congressional needed that rain to cool the course off after Rory torched it
damn no way I can do it weekend after Seattle bummer. Wonder if is taking a full two weeker?
RT : Alert! Alert! We are bringing you Beyonce' New Joint "Run the World (Girls)" Tonight on !!! 6pm! Don't miss out!
Good , I was worried for a moment there! Jk take lots 'o pics!
Thanks to Doug Haddix, mostly. Say hi him for me.
Come down to the AVP Championships and support our team ZICO athletes , Sean Scott, , Stay Hydrated!!
My horse Stormy is a loving part of my coaching tool kit. He guides non riding clients to discover trust in themselves by trusting him.
is your book on google books?
Brock Lesnar is kicking John Cena's ass. This quasi-MMA Cena snuff film is great if you hate Cena which is everyone over the age of 12.
YAY!!!!!!!! RT : Looks like I'll be in Vegas next Weds!! *does lil 2 step*
RT - Monday Night Football DOLPHINS vs. PATRIOTS! CANT WAIT! LETS GO MIAMI!!!!!!!!!
hahaha! I miss you! We need to get together ASAP.
Tired & worn out & my nights not even done yet lol How are you?
Thanks ya'll!
I'm depressed, My Broski is no longer the United States Champion! But I am still a Broski!
haha maybe for you. Im just like um come on bro. But I only got a good 15 minutes of cuddling in me before I want to move to sleep
awk, i always thought he was ugly lolol.
RT : I do so love how #acappella brings people together.
Feel better (:
Not good, hope it's not his trigger finger. “: My sons friend cut his finger off at my house while I was at work. This sucks”
thx 4 visiting! : 4,500 museum people at #AAM2012 in Minneapolis, MN are headed back to cultural institutions around the world.
Andre 3Stacks #something serious
of course <3
Happy Monday and Halloween, all! Hope everyone had a spooktacular and safe weekend!
The fishy smell of fish means it's not very fresh.
Great show by tonight at Swingers Club ! W/
NHS was BOOOOOOOOOORINGGGGG! but I have a certificate and a card and candle wax on my hands!
I can't believe she left him I thought that they were happy
Make him better, feel appreciated, supported and loved :)
“: But like i said a while ago: its not low key if i put it on twitter lol”I'm watching Michigan fab 5 right now
thank ya brother
i love you
And yes I just realized I spelled 'tattoos' wrong :P
I NEED to be asleep. I'm tired. Stupid phone.
Loved your priss pot post. I hope you are doing well. I was sorry to hear about the loss of your friend.
No wonder she lost she said "moist"
we're excited to meet you!
Woke up feeling like a new nigga (y)
yes please!!
Don't nobody touch my kids....its a WRAP!!!
Ah haha !:DRT : *cries :'(( RT : Ate Susakis sushi for lunch today it was delicious <3
Meditations=dates with the Devine
my kitch smells like fish sauce. gross. dinner? AMAZING.
guess we going to have to wait for the season haha still
Jan Pieter van Voorst van Beest speaks at the Friday Local Author Series about "New Mainers" in the Lewis Gallery! 5/4 @ noon!
lol yeah. get in dat box!
There might be a lot of them but Mexican people look like they work hard. Happy 420! In 20 minutes I'm going to beat off , JK lol
Back at tonight! Maybe we can trick into comin out sometime this week
the curt head bow of the Japanese is pretty inviting
Before I got fat everyone used to say that I looked like Adam Lambert, now I'm just Jack Black
what a monday...
Well about 10:30 Lord she puts me in drive, turns all the lights down and man alive...
It was! RT Had a fantastic evening w/ & more. Fantastic people! Hope to see them a lot
any more good and evil codes all redeemed :[
I like people who are nice to people.
why is everyone in such a rush for me to get married?
new at 11...woman tells her story for the first time after being shot three times last week.
RT : because it has a singular focus, which is always dangerous < ah, understood. But then simple ideas are seductive!
Follow Me On Instagram
Never Let Ahh Good Thinq Go Cause Of Ahh Little Mistake ' Everybody Aint Perfect ...
I'm happy that you're coming on over to the Lord's side...but with Sprint tho? HA! #Yowza Trust me...AT&T is better
Pls follow and I will DM you the info.
Friday Family Safety Tip: "Keep the oven door shut while cooking. Each time you open the oven the temperature decreases 25-75°"
Hearing some fantastic changes in pedagogy based on personalized learning portfolios. The opportunities are endless! *edchat
OKL was +1300 to win NC : If Jaz Reynolds is really suspended the 1st seven games for Oklahoma, that's a massive loss.”
That's all, and in the metric system, only 2 meters, and 7 centimeters; not a silly millimeter longer. How short are you?.
get ready because here I come!
11:11 I need a few more then one wish
Burnt toast - oops!
First pass at reconciling artist name vs. ULAN: 61% hits. Contemporary / new media artists wrecking the curve, I suspect...
Good morning SD! Ignore Gray May with a workout inland today.
Did y'all get yours yet?
: is excited to be partnerning up with violartist.com
....and tomorrow,we leave for Angola..Singing @ Luanda Jazz Festival
Smartphones: Is Apple or Samsung No. 1?
"So I'm getting head, and he's gonna come"
sorry haven't been on all day. I have one but don't get on it.
See? I'm so cool they follow me even though I don't live in StL anymore. Top that. And by the way, is awesome!
Manchacho! I just like it lol RT Q10. You are hereby granted super powers to be a super hero. What is your new name?
even thing you say turns me off LOL
Wow! I don't know if I deserve such good company, but thank you!!!!
ask if she's on twitter! “: on the same bathroom schedule as woman in my office. We've run out of awkward chatter, now what?”
nope state testing was awhile ago. It means 'Whittier Outdoor Week' basically 8th graders just go outside & on field trips(:
This game is fucked in Portland.
leave everything in a box on the porch with a note!!!
Don't forget: author Alex Sanchez is visiting Oct 24 at 3:00pm Main Library.
SCHOOL IS OUT FOR SUMMER! What are your favorite summer activites for kids?
this is why I love you
Seriously way too serious
Car bumper sticker seen: "This Car us a Horcrux"
Holy crap!! I am at Tucson Mall right now, I think I'm going to head over there.
go to bed
after that it's a fairly sizeable dropoff
“: You, , are very missed in Nashville my friend! Thanks for the message! Keep in touch.” Will do--hope to visit soon :)
If you're a bird, I'm a bird ♥
No shut eye just writing music like always up all night, putting in the hours
Tiffany McClary from sharing upcoming project: one-stop marketing shop online 4 NJ libraries. Can't wait to use!
Yay! Glad you enjoyed!
I'm 300! Hi fellow RD!
Anybody else know that Dick Cheney doesn't have a pulse?
When love is not madness, it is not love. ~Pedro Calderon de la Barca
hi there, Brandon! thnx for the follow back
YES lunch time!!!
Q1: Vocation is the vehicle that gains momentum from what fuels your heart.
It sucks when your favorite band is barely starting touring but won't be in the states until a couple years or so :c
Dear GameStop male employee, when a woman hands you a game please assume it's for her and not the man standing behind her.
aww, follow me back for one direction!!
fix that shit ASAP!
Watching #TheGoodWife but laughing at the tweets about
Wipped That's A Funny Word
Too cool!
yah...life is good...
lmao oh ricardo ... don't you just love him (:
very cool. Happy to be able to help promote it. :)
Thanks to the man above for wakin me an my Fam this an everyday:-)
yea we all goin up to Lawton
He's got boots and I've got wings; Cowboys and angels <3
Have a nice week end every one!! :-)
hi buddy!
Molly "Overeem" says King Mo - awesome fight!
I get jealous because I'm afraid someone is going to make you happier than I do.
Tonight at Sangria 35 dolla wrist bands for all night drinks ( beer & mix drinks ) from 10:30-5am come get it in best deal in the chi .
hahah its cool girl, yeah segen was in the background lol
How is Bibby formed?
nice haha that crazy series. Good luck to em tomorrow don't wanna go back to Pitt!!
what size shirt you want?
What happened, little brother?
Thank you! No hard feelings about the elevator ride!
"A free service must [$-ly] benefit those that run it, or that service will die." What if the developer gets paid elsewhere?
Clearpath is seeking experienced Account Executives with aptitude and focus on Virtualization, Storage and Unified Computing. Contact me i…
length shouldn't be a problem, and yes, it handles better than you think it should.
#ThursdayThanks to everyone :)) 868 follows! Don't forget #1000 wins an autographed CD! Have a blessed day!
I told u ur my heart how can I live without my heart.
Thanks Dana!!
Who loves Washington?
Putting 1D and BTR posters up.! (:
Wow! Really nice designs. I love to collaborate with you.
Let the torture begin .. #school 😒🔫💣
hehe, oh no, what did we do?!
where's the pic of ihim "smoking" I Wana see
"An internet full of creative writing won't save the ship."
I know all I'm doing is waisting my time.
Even though it's Valentines day, it felt great to come home to an empty house:-)
she aint beautiful fool shes flawless and she justin's girl. man you cant get it youre asking to get humiliated again
I may come over to the McKinneys and take care of their pool a few times for some decent pay. And play with Annie of course. lol
Bad things happening on Downtown Abbey! That's unheard of! Absurd!
Gosh i love doing facials...so relaxing!
The walk of shame when you have to put something back in a store after your mom says no.
I missed your posts! Traveling is a good life, it suits me well- though there is that pesky job issue that keeps coming up. ;)
my apologies
then how are we suppose to spread the good message?!
My boob must be hanging out or something. Now the gas station guy's flirting with me. wtf? I'M OLD!!
So cool to connect with you
but I AM taller than you, so :) I win
is the man
I started out with nothing and I still have most of it.Thats not mine.
lmao he wanted you :)
RT : At the end of the day, No ring = Options.
Yeah I'm really liking the onesie. Can we get me one?! Haha. I've never seen one for my size!
All these sensations got me going crazy for you <3
Fed-up and disgusted, Penangites cannot wait to give Najib the big boot!
During sidebar, Patrick sits with hand folded by his mouth, closing eyes as if in thought. Gov's legal counsel is in rear of court.
yee ha RT : Hacking me some bacon and unicorns with and at
today was shitty got to go back to the doc to make sure zah hole that she has in her heart is still close
Matter of Fact... #ASAP (A Sick Alpha Party) JANUARY 20!!!! INDMIX!!!!!
Dare to be yourself!
send me a text =)
A bit biased toward smart, strong, funny women but felicia and holly are working it as hosts.
about to finish two more classes...halfway to my degree. God is good.
RT “: I'm loyal to who loyal to me”
The mushroom pasta that my husband is making smells delicious. :)
Goin back to bed 💤
Easy DVD Creator 2 Get for Free include serial download - blank dvds 8 5gb
Even big brands can sign off their tweets with personal initials e.g. McDonalds says
I love how a Jr Cheeseburger Deluxe is $1 CHEAPER than a regular Jr Bacon.
hope not
Shout out to for being not as thug as I am
My headphones would be better boyscouts than me. It ties 12 different knots when I can barely tie my shoes
changed my profile pic idk if i like it?!?!
let's close this library down and get to the weekend!
Clams Casino - I'm god ♪♪
Not until Thursday AM. I'm presenting at Mass Lib Assoc tomorrow then flying in. You will still be around, yes?
Scientist Yan Lauri studies IDIA Virtual Artist in Residence C. Morigi's wind observatory for his lecture @ the Kira Institute.
Happy 10 years! Congrats.
Design tip: Measure and plan your room first before you purchase furniture. www.cliointeriordesign.com
His facebook page is well done. "Like" him there and learn about every vote he casts & why. He defines transparency
If this train don't move any faster I'm gonna miss my boat. And I'm already in my nautical gear!
So my wisdom tooth is coming in and causing me to have a ear ache too! As if the pain from my wisdom tooth wasn't enough! :(
Good. glad it's not intentional
is a boss, hands down.
yay! Come back often! “: I visited and researched yesterday and it was awesome!”
Did U know? According to CDC most of sodium we eat (about 80%) is not poured from a saltshaker, but found in processed & restaurant foods
let me see
I am incredibly exhausted. Brb gonna sleep for about four days.
then tried to say *oh i picked it up cause you left it there* lie lie lie..it was messy and sad.
I am not fooling around just so you know I am just trying to lock something inside ... So sorry if I seem distant or distracted
Everyone add me on scramble with friends! :) if you have one though lol dirtydannnnn
i have to much going on and to much on my mind
& thanks for the RT's!
Chose GoDaddy after prev host acquired by Hosting. :-( RT "Happy at HMS until acquired by Hosting.com. Now at Bluehost."
Well, I live in NC, but I'm not about to go for the Bobcat's, haha. Lakers have always been my team.
thank you Mr. Naz
Happy New Year!
thanks for the shout! Sorry I missed you.
I love it there! Stop by Mr. Ramen, if you can. It's right down the street, They've got the best vegetarian ramen!
I guess 23. Original, huh?
Did anyone else get a good photo from any of the #SeattleReads events for THE SUBMISSION w/ ? We would love to see them!
"Hockey parents not complaining about icetime tonight...except Stu Bickle."
We are excited to be joining the community!
Nice work. Keep it up.
ck out may have interest.
ong omg are you Dvr ing it
Why in the world is a sushi place in Melbourne following me? Must have something to do with
Had to get a whole new engine.=not happy. :-/
Word-of-mouth advertising, thanks to collaboration with students on mobile site
Showing love and support to your page!
thank u! Xo
My life would have been so different if I'd gone to Air Force / Naval Academy. Still haven't decided if it was for the better or worse.
My favorite was when someone got caught plagiarizing the other TA in the course -- who had recommended the piece as a source.
Go Andrew! Cool.
Shower then face time with Nista
im just kidding :D
George Harrison.
Ah church tonite
I love lucy haleee cnt wait to c what happens in pll tonight with ezria
Down by three
just really excited for summer haha
So happy today is my Thursday. That's all. today is your Friday! Woooooohooooooo!
Check it out! is delivering Free Fruit to Downtown/Midtown Memphis today - send them a tweet!
“: #IfITellYou how i feel you should really feel special. opening up to people is something i usually don't do.”
It's 2:22 am I got 2 go2 bed. Nite Nite Love U . Yeah U know Love U
Thanks for the mention:)
RIP Dick Clark. New Year's will never be the same without you.
You don't have a soul. You are a soul. You have a body. ~ C.S. Lewis
No other way RT : Staying classy on the road! RT I just used a bidet.
I can't understand why I still love ya, and why I can't mean it when I say fuck it
I don't wanna be alone tonight.
I think by man-handling. HA! Get it??
I feel so weird. My life needs to stop being complicated
EVERYONE GO SUB MRBAYBEE101
I cant wait to see you friday<3 eeeep!
Damn how long dose it take to drive here...
This is see you later, I'm not into goodbyes
Amazing (not in a good way) when all the end-of-semester lies and shenanigans come from ONE STUDENT.
Any Ideas.?
true but can'tthey report on tumblur to cuz i would so do that
Hey Steve Happy New Year! I have a question to ask you, what's the best email address to reach you?
#employment will nt eradicate ol human dificulties, but it wil help poor,hungry, unfortunate Americans deal with some of their difficulties.
I know all about catching up. That's all you do in law school. ;)
Woohooo! Proud moments, just saw GB Magazine's new ad in fashion valley mall!!!
people way misuse the term "thorn in my side".
Just the # of posts. So many posts in one day would fill my feed and take too much time to go through. Esp. for 知らない人。
Looking forward to my #Harlem summer. Flight booked.
of course ^_^
Thanks! We will definitely get on that!
La primavera está aquí y las alergias, ¡también! - spring is already here and allergies too!
Extra loud by me... people wish they were off. :)
I will never be too good to help someone if I am able! I just don't have that in me.
"Every time someone gets on a computer, 30% of them go to #facebook." - according to comScore, as presented by
we need to reexamine this bucket of yours! Signed, all of your friends.
"Hundreds of Allie's everywhere have student debt. You can't help them all, but you can make a difference to one Allie, by donating today."
“: idk. i just really don't like facebook iconiacz.....” I feel that they are kinda slow. Idk
Just a few moments to everything has changed its meaning...!?
alright, I sent it again from my other email. Hopefully it works this time!! :)
"If he deserve it buy his sh*t too"
Thanks to all of the crowd on clermont that packed a full house thank you all for w wonderful show
it's been awhile since i laughed as hard as i did at 21 jump street.
You should follow me cause I make good pancakes.
Chip Caray has no idea where any fly ball is going.
Nothing better than waking up to you're mom telling you there is no school today (:
totally true!! It takes like not even half the time !
Points for writing an article on scholarly social networks, but the article itself was rambling & lacked coherence.
hey, what happened to happy john? Got the week off?
Burlington later
In Medias Res => Into the midst of affairs
If my wife can make waffles, aw man......I'm going to lose it.
RT : A5: Be visible, be effective, be dependable, be consistent = be a success.
yall are gonna get marrird and have cute little babies and i will be there god mother!
LOVE RT : Now there's a slogan - "Rhubarb! Quite tasty in wartime and famine."
no problem. I'll keep you and your families in my prayers.Stay in touch and know your father has eternal happiness with God!
New Management, New Agent, SAG, and Disney/Pixar! :)
I sent you an email and am waiting for a response. Please email me ASAP at
the slumpbreaker streak maker
heck of a way to show off the K, not our pitching
acupuncture has been used on animals for 3000 years. Then primarily d for workers: .horses.now dogs, cats, birds, rodents and reptiles!
that "I touched it coach" basketball commercial is so damn fake... No one would admit that
Home at last. I'm going to have to go to work at some point.
Football huge financial drain at my alma mater, uni brought in consultants to demo this, still wouldn't cut the program.
Oh great #guru, please whisper in my ear a TE that shal replace antonio gates. Mekaleka-hi-meka-hiney-ho.
doesn't seem like they will. It boggles my mind. They make so many poor decisions. Carson Palmer for 2 first rounders???? CRAZY!
some of us work on Wednesdays :-)
Happy Spring! We're rolling around in cherry blossoms. Sup with you other wafflers?
Could today get any worse? Sure can...
Maybe cause she had food
on to the lower extremity in today's #chiropractic symposium. Dr. Moreau makes it easy.
why do i loose all my fucking clothes?
Don't believe the hype!
You should probably have more clothes on to do that...
i laugh with love
some shit you just can't even begin to resist.
Leather rinse repeat!
mission accomplished, I was properly freaked out watching it. When the chat said "save your energy" I thought power outage
Coffee/Lunch is right up my alley great idea. I'm stacked next 4 weeks but after that we can get together. Thx 4 the invite.
Need to let my phone charge
To ride a horse is to ride the sky
lol it won't be the same without the disco van!
#fridayreads Proust & the Squid - fascinating, about our brains and reading, importance of early language experiences
Inside job
I feel like I'm chilling in Antarctica. ⛄
and congratulations to you for your shortlisting too! V much deserved!
I have it all configured & it's working great! :-) It was easy to setup. Thanks!
Mr Obama and Mrs Clinton; have you heard about that before you talk about Egypt "Riots" on Jan?
well then we may have to agree to disagree. #HookEm FOREVER!
fer sure!!
Big Ang is a mess lol
Go TWISTA !!! and E
IF you go to the tulip Festival, there is a very good Chinese Restaurant just north of town.
Lol. Hey boo!
RIP Levon Helm.
why the heck is not following anyone???
Chill day, finally get to relax 🌅🌴
Woohoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lisa Lampanelli tweet me today!!! Today will be a good day!!!
and now people on the patio show up with a wedge and a putter
Just saw 's #veryharoldandkumarchristmas in NYC premiere and it was awesome! 5star rating from me! Job well done Kal!
(2/2) will download Bookends trial tomorrow to see how it compares
oh my God no way!!
Why do some people go out of there way to make someones life hell? Pisses me off.
drove to school listening to lola sing starlight by love her beautiful rendition! great send off for a week of travel.
Thousands of years ago, cats were worshipped as gods. Cats have never forgotten this. Anonymous
So great standing with you in solidarity this evening brother.
that's just sad smh
Software Engineer - Bjorksten | Bit 7 #Hodgkins, IL; email resume to
Has there ever been a time that you overcame a barrier to achieve a dream? (Mine was gravity.)
no, never.
i knew this was going to be a problem the fact that were both jamaican like he must think he can talk to me how he want it doesn't work!!
S/O TO MAGIC CITY IN ATLANTA GA.NO4 HAD A BLAST
On my way 2 Good Friday mass I heard Isiah is out of a job & Mike Woodson still has the interim tag, Knicks fans, I'll pray for us all
#thegridlive Great critiques!
This is a time when we need to smile more and Hollywood movies are supposed to do that for people in difficult times. Steven Spielberg
With Northern Iowa beating Kansas...you think they actually have a legitimate shot of winning it all?
Peyton please RECORD IT! I have to miss #SandersSunday :((( PLEASE PLEASE RECORD IT <21 thanks!
Packer's fan all the way, but that was an AWESOME interception . . .
that's an awesome quote!
JUSTIN MEET HAYDN !!! X :)
me too I fuking hate that I love u
Lakers fans are panicking like crazy right now
Hey Bryce Harper...nice rat-tail...I know you're young..but good god..cmon son...
what is this link to?
We're back from spring break and open for business! Give us a call, we missed you!
Happy Easter!!
sounds like a plan! :D
I remember u to sexy i'm gud how r u
baby elephants lmao
lol okay. Well I'm excited! I love the way they take pictures I would always use Bailey's ha. I have an android & omg
Picked up tickets and SAW !!! I waved but he didn't see me D:
We've got iPad II fever in the office.
RT : When they told Derrick Rose he tore his ACL, he said "My ackle?"
follow me austin mahone
follow back
I Am An
Hawaii! Can we enter? We need to win a trip! ;-)
agreed. Signed...a Dead fan
Daily Dose of Goodness: A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Top romantic songs Christmas countdown: 'All I want for Christmas is You' Mariah Carey . What's your fav?
You know, if I were famous enough to be verified, I'd change my twitter handle to
sweet! There's a sergeant in my shop who played on the 2nd place team says they lost lots of guys and he'd keep me updated
r.i.p. troy davis
a few more things to get in order but we are all excited! Will you be there?
We hope everyone enjoyed all the events this weekend. With the last week of #anhkc here, get ready for some more Kansas City arts greatness
Can't wait to see you! I'll treat to you something as a congrats for finishing NBCT work! :)
oh well that's not so bad lol.
All these songs they used on #NYUndercover... It's just never coming out on DVD, is it? :-(
"Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into." (Wayne Dyer) Hope your weekend overflows with joy. :-)
Ouija. It's only a game. Isn't it?
Marquis Theatre come get loose!
Comcast Awards $173,000 In Scholarships To Pennsylvania High School Seniors
I miss POP
Video game addict
I'll check it when I get home
doh! But you seem like a very nice guy :)
text me 8594940098 .
Thanks for joining us tonight and to those who called and e-mailed this week. Stay in touch over the coming days!
I don't understand how girls can be so stupid to have babies with losers who arent your boyfriend
#lsubcs #bcs #lsu Bama is severely outnumbered in the dome, but they all have pom poms by God ....
Remember: Trick or treating in Bay View is this Saturday from 5-8 pm. Have a fun and a safe time.
No Fitness by the Fountain tonight. Sad not to Zumba, but grateful for the rain on the lawns!
That awkward moment when, notices none of your tweets. & all you do is tweet him... D:
put some lyrics to a few riffs dave wrote...first songs comin together nicely
Sunday is the kick-off for National Infertility Awareness Week 2012 (NIAW), from April 22-28. Please RT
are you ready for some #Nuggets domination?!?
Justin Bieber – Boyfriend (Audio) Mental Scribes With The Volitile ...
OH SWEET BABY JESUS..... Vinny....your killing me! (;
i just learned what kik was tonite! haha shhhh don't laugh at me =P direct msg me on here
yay!! Congrats!! You are made for this!
Great way to spend my last day of my summer..back to reality tomorrow
When playing a dangerous person, don't.
Maybe try a few Advil? I always find Excedrin helps headache type pain better. For me
Who else is watching ??
Hello! MI teens read everything! I've been interested in Dystopian Lit as a current trend. Lots of it being written now.
I'm so sober smh big problem lol. Who tryna kick it on this lovely Saturday
put the phone down then :p <-Kelsey xoxo>
it's true. I've seen you cry maybe three times. We've been friends for 13 years boo.
For the instagram photo challenges I just pick the random days that I want to participate in..
I know the statistics.
I'm not perfect, I'm only human. So if I do mistakes, Read the first sentence again.
When adding the Blog we ran into some tech problems registered users if you are experiencing problems logging in please send message FB
“: "Pop a Molly then a blunt call me high roller" #weezyF”
An apple a day, NOT a hershey bar ~ thx Jim Rohn
#indieID RT : SPAMMING is the lazy and cheap man's approach to MARKETING.....
Yea I'm going alone also still be fun
Invisible Children preps next act, amid 'raves and ridicule' - USA TODAY
Hahahaha "That man loves me. Don't you see? It's written all over his back." -Quark Such a perfect response for his character to make.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Special! 9-11 $1 off Craft Drafts. The show airs at 10pm. Rum-Ham Yo!
we're gonna make it happen girl:)
That quote really checks in. I will be thinking about that for while. Thanks for that retweet.
RT "funny when ur dead how people start listenin..." ←←←←
Just finished week 3 day 2 of #C25K with ! Running for a cause with
another great time, see you next year
Sex aint better then love by TreySongz
Good night. Now I have a headache.
yep. Add a Gatorade and then a beer and ur ready to rock!
Right. Middie/striker.
Tallahasse, you are too kind! Jacksonville, here we come!
never accepting inadequacy. I walk before I allow MTA to hinder my travels because I know MTA isn't normal.
good luck!
Sleep is overrated anyway..:-/
have seen it...actually buddies w g.w. Bailey...pretty lame comedy tho
i'll be trying to catch up on things tomorrow & Sunday, if I ever get Internet back
i am now
You believe in me don't you! LOL I had this little concoction with salmon, shrimp and noodles with broccoli. Very nice!
at the Aronoff Center for an event called Dance Cincinnati! Six different dance companies...thnkng about you! Blessings! Dad
Hey I'll play for the U.S. Olympic team for free. I'd even pay to do it
oh and cant forget the Benjamins
I'm so sunburned that my race numbers, after being washed off, are still burned into my arms!
I hope karma comes back a u b$®@! I hate u i dnt even know y r u in this world nobody likes u cuz u r always bossing every around thts y
Elvis has a new movie coming out. Yes, that Elvis. Find out more at theentertainmentbucket.com
Tired as hell! My nose feels broke
There is a place for everyone in the big picture. To turn your back on any one person, for whatever reason, is to run the risk of losing...
The name change of THE WETTEST COUNTY IN THE WORLD to LAWLESS made SO much more sense when I learned the Weinstein Company was involved.
Is Joe Beninatti singing the anthem?
yikes! Bring you bagels Saturday morning?
Finally on G+. Don't know how I, the guy who is first in line for everything, was shut out for this long. I'm loving the circles.
Who's gonna go see Avengers at 1030 with me? Speak up now so I don't gave to go alone.haha
I managed to force myself out of a crappy mood this morning by making my coworkers laugh...I love it when that works out :)
I dont wanna be the farmer's daughter i wanna be the farmer!(:
WHERE THE PANCAKES AT
This albums gonna be fire... nothing less
I'm very well and enjoying your many late contributions to the online literary conversation. Can't wait to read more!
Ready for da weekend!!!
Everyone says u deserve better but there no one is willing to give it to u..:/
I FINALLY GOT A FUCKING JOB. I am now a Pizza Hut server. :D
Like this is news to you. As if. Psh.
Vj projector set up
Dreamt last night that the real housewives of Orange County maliciously set up lawn sprinklers in my kitchen. I don't even watch that show.
Goodbye, Willy Wonka, hello sustainably farmed chocolate! Chocolate manufacturers are recognizing the value in sustainable cocoa farming.
RT : Sb1070: not about equal protection under the law, but about unequal persecution under the law
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. - George S. Patton
I love it! i love helping others! BTW - I grew up in SO. : )
When my hair gets stuck in my lipgloss <<<<<
can you please follow me ? ilove you so much and i always watch Victorious ! <3
They hunt and shoot gators. It's pretty much the best show ever created!
I would totally kill people for money. Officer Sherman.
enjoy niall <3 would you follow or tweet me darling ;) we miss you back here in Ireland! come home!!!
Thanks for following me! :)
Is looking forward to #jujitsu then conditioning tomorrow morning with Gabriel Rainho and the #combatcompany #mma crew!
I miss Scott studios (can't believe I'm saying that)
Back seat windows up!!
email me we will meet. I will answer every question I can and get answers to those I don't know
I can't sleep!
Thanks for the scoop!
Congrats! What will you be doing there? RT : Thank you! I start next Wednesday :)
We are having customer appreciation day on April 15th, 10am-2pm. Would love to have your folks at store.
Brand new website, brand new season. Welcome to our 74th Season!
Ikr if she could see me rn she'd be glad I wasnt in school hahah... anyway are you serious? what didnt she like?(x
Going out to the green house
Enjoying the #holiday season! how about you?
I'll just say it. I thought Remember the Titans was really really bad.
Fuck you. Pay me.
I've never seen someone have so much fun. ;)
And we're here! #gdc cc:
#qcmerge #ngs2012 Cincy's got it all going on!
Show choir festival complete!
Easy now! Don't make me separate you two!
If an essay says due may 11 can i turn it in that night?
it was amazing<3 can you put it on itunes..? :)
I am truly amazed that you think the letter behind someone's name is more important than a decade of honorable service.
Keeping secrets from about #wedding related things is quite tricky. BUT I'M NOT TELLING :)
RT : Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
just got done doing work around my house. bored now! ashly<3
#FOLLOW these Great People
If I had known it was just that easy -- film fights w/ my family and get a show I would have done that after film school!
If you don't have haters on the way to the top,you're doing something wrong.
": Does ANYONE understand why the Broncos are trying to trade Brandon Lloyd?">He openly hates Tebow and says Orton is way better
looking forward to our visit this morning on
sure is!!
I'm waiting for facebook to insert a 'remix' button for musician pages.
nice point and worth a try...
seems like we're having the same morning
Congratulations! :D
no probs (; hey biznatch, is your phone fixed? (;
Yes sir.
Finished shooting the next artist video blog for #PhillyDrawAThon, should have it up on youtube later tonight.
Relationships are like drugs they either kill you or give you the best feeling of your life. ♥
Watching Mean Girls on the bus.
Woohoo.. Today just got WAY better. :D
Sun Aura Resort is eating up Act Naturally like their mamma made it! What a fun crowd
Good Afternoon burger eaters. Its 4:30, so come down for a late lunch or an early dinner at the Baltimore Burger Bar. See you soon!
If you want it you can get it for the rest of your life.! ;).
We want to tackle WordPress first, since it's more popular. But yes, I'd love to do Tumblr as well. :)
“: Be yourself; everyone else is already taken...”
I been looking for love in all the wrong places so I've decided ill wait for God to send it my way # patientlywaiting
He gone say: "U better give me the password to this damn phone" All I could do is laugh...Right b4 I gave him the password O_o
I Really Thought Celtics Had That Game Last night tho
lol thanks for your support!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Plak Smacker Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Can anyone recommend a good domain name registrar besides Godaddy? I'm done with them.... can't stand the scummy feeling anymore.
I thought Florida was the sunshine state.. Why is it so fucking cold? -.-
curses twitter! i still have a lab report to write. -_-
*scared D: RT“: Less than a month for school to be over hell yeah :D #Glad”
I hope Believe tickets don't go on sale until June. Sigh.
i unfollow people who unfollow me.
thanks for coming by last night dude!
twitter isn't the real world?
you can have them since she's not gonna eat them 😉
happy first day of fall.. and happy Friday!!!
What a day?! O_o I, legit, got 1 thing done on my to-do list. So freakin busy. Busy is the goal, though. #i'lltakethat
McLeod #chirpturtle waits for stripes before chatting with
You'll have to see for yourself!!!
Don't miss some great deals tonight at Midway bar: $3.50 pitchers of Long Island, anyone?!
Good A.M. Tweet hearts :)
Fast Facts: Weak Central Coherence Theory hypothesizes that a limited ability to see the big picture underlies the central disturbance in...
Anthony & the Contraceptives
lol I bet people are like wtf?? Oh well lol.
"And when well they give me a straight answer on why they have nipples" - Sue's intake on boys
I've never met anyone so passionate about the hiccups before :)
“: RT What artist do u wanna hear a double-play of??--- ”
Got a detention for stuttering
Of 14 Library committees, I chair or serve on 9 of them...maybe I shouldn't have counted!
Why are you asking so many fucking questions ➡👵
Today is 's birthday! Everyone give him the titty-twister he deserves and the drinks he needs! It's gonna get rowdy
Editor spending the day co-working w/ Best part so far is bluegrass music & coffee from
Buckeyes set up for another field goal with 10 seconds left in the half.
The Miss World delegates have started to arrive in London!Follow to get the latest news about ur favs?
i'm so Happy right now. :)
Whatever bro , ? dont have you to do right now .
RT Don't waste your failures as a team; debrief, document & revisit them for success
Looking forward to this session! From Digital to Live - Bringing Call of Duty to life.
At the Art garage bout to put it DOWWWWNNNN.....
hehehe scare you away yet?
God is more interested in your future and your relationships than you are. Billy Graham
can I please have a follow back I've waiting for a loooonnnnggg time can I please please please get a follow back 1-4-3
Hoop dreams
congrats to you and teara!
Big deal. Illinois more or less pioneered political quid pro quo, WI has a long way to go to catch up.
Right on. :) RT : Fail fast and fail early. Try things. Experiment. You cannot assume. Adopt it or drop it.
Finally out of work...
RT : I wish a fag would step up to me. Lololol
Can somebody turn off the wind today...
Recycling in Seattle: Put overflow recyclables in a box next to your recycling cart. Extra recycling is FREE. Extra yard waste costs extra.
Have you heard about the grafted tomatoes over at ?!
About 50% of adults have never taken an HIV test. About 25% of people in #Cleveland have #HIV and do NOT know it. GET TESTED!
Bluff? RT : Jeff Ireland is playing a GREAT poker game right now. Dislike him all you want, but he's on his game.
“: NBA Flopping....fair or foul? Everyone seems fine with it when it's THEIR team doing it!” it's crap. MLS is horrible w it too
Welcome 2012! We're working on neat stuff today: Emmens Preserve, SummerGrove, FC Mobile scheduling and....stay tuned!
!!!!!! RT : need to catch up on my reading
Check out the new twitter global address for #Astia at
Im so excited thats all i been talking about all week long plus i can't wait to see dance. This is going to be too sexy
12 more days 2 register 4 Strike Out Hunger Bowl-A-Thon. Call FCMI 2 register Remember ur team can b from 2 & up. Have FUN!!
hey hey... how u doing? we've been slammed :)
it ok the only thing that would piss me off is if u said bad stuff about austin, alex, or robert
Don't forget to give your body at least day of rest per week. This allows the muscles to recover.
Life can be very hard but it can be very easy at times
Can't sleep, so much on my mind... 😞
// One must take solace in the fact that those who truly love you will always forgive you and will appreciate the new you!
Hope you're having fun tonight! Be careful!
being mean to >> (: I still love her tho
it probably won't be until I get back from Texas at the end of the month. :/
no clue. maybe because I refer to him by name usually and don't post pics often (enough). you'll love him.
#Hawks in 7!
Tell ur KU fans, why be t Robinson when u can be ? Second class player. Only takes 3 years to get picked at kansas
: welcome to twitter chiara! Nice to see another Criminal Minds Fanatic joining us here! Love your background by the way.
I like positive energy..that brings money!
seriously...it's time to start protecting the QB for a change, no?!!?
Who is ready for Browns baseball? We are getting closer to opening our 6th season here in Denver!
“I regret that it takes a life to learn how to live.” ― Jonathan Safran Foer
That's great ! I hope we can talk, so you can share all the great moves u r making. life is good here...5 more weeks til vacay
Mention Me
I'll be doing a podcast interview on violence against women in slasher/horror films this afternoon. Any ideas you'd like me to get across?
I love mine!
hmu one you get it
Nice Round for I'm a big fan. I'm trying to decide if his look is more Capt Jack Sparrow, Captain Morgan or Dirty Sanchez.
#Angels #Marlins world series?
is still flabbergasted and frustrated!
I've seen a lot of butts but am loving yours! coz you got that kinda butt from up above!!!
HA! RT : Oh, you're dating my ex? Come by on Thanksgiving if you want anymore leftovers.
Hope I don't come back with an accent....eek... Hello #Boston!
Who are some of you favorite comedians?
Writing in Objective C, PHP, Javascript, this morning. But I am wearing fuzzy slippers. That's how workaholics do vacation.
God I hate school so much
....at wrk and my tweet hurts!!!
Best of luck!
Im Ah Virgin Sister Lol... QT : ": Not Having Sex Till Im 21.." YOU LIEN !
Painted the afternoon & evening away while listening to TED talks. Guess I should go find food now and say hi to my family...
Just had an opposing counsel display professionalism & courtesy. Good to know those qualities are alive and well.
Congrats to , , , and all the Columbia College 2012 graduating class.
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf U always in trouble with the Police
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference
it's only about three hours away. You could be here by 3am
Not being able to walk is not fun!!
Going to go play cash now. Back home in a few hours. Thanks to all my backers. So sorry I could not do a better job
I get along with everyone, I just secretly hate them all.
full house tonight!
what is that?
: lmao, I was waiting 4 that! And now I'll respond lol
Welcome !!!!!vRT : Fancy new twitter profile page! Officially Tweeting the all the happenings at Flowers by Cina!
Oh, alright thanks. I hate social studies. Mr. Vivolo doesn't let me "socialize"
They not readyRT : I can't lie, I love me some Bo Deal....(Bo! Bo! Bo!)
That's why Corso wears the Duck head! RT NY Times reports that ESPN's Corso, Herbstreit & Fowler all have had deals with Nike
Merry xmas to everyone....time to get shwasty....
O-- The dominated group of the dominant class!
Now I'm scared to fart...
has real managers now, it's amazing !! It's just starting his career :D
Guess what time it is boys and girls?? Its tip toeing time
Have you seen our Scoop.it topic? It's full of great digital afterlife articles. bit.ly/nkW1R1
We have are promblems but istill love him
Someone get me on a plane to Nashville. Now.
is Dawkins redshirting?
My name's "World Peace"...... right
ok ok I haven't tweeted you in a long time anyways haha HOLY SHIT THERE'S A HUGE ASS SPIDER IN MY WINDOW
Look at how cute you are!
Playoff or not I hate them
ohh i would love it if vinny followed me but i was too scared to ask him
Had a wonderful show last nite at the Highline Ballroom and its back to work early in the morning at 30Rock.
College dropout has to be my 2nd fav album of all time.
but the real criminals *were* collars and ties. that's why I go shirtless. but I'll wear a wife-beater on special occasions.
you meant 18 right?
To all of the Preachers, Ministers, Politicians, Coaches & Leaders: Did God call you or did you call yourself?
You left me without a reason so don't come back with an excuse.
RT : Just to be clear: We all kinda wish we became marine biologists, right? cc:
jaajjajja ok will do that lol
You're annoying as fuck.
Does Santorum realize the Teleprompter is an American invention?
Bagels and coffee at noon. So far I love today.
Good luck with all 3 - grading, the paper, and esp. the maternity leave. :)
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
Goodness gracious, I forgot how good "Nightmare To Remember" is. Just finished rocking out for 16 mins. It's gonna be a good opener tomorrow
that is my dream! Wishing I was doing the same right now!
us people need to #LIVE and
NO ONE CAN DO ME LIKE YOU...
US states with more unequal income distributions tend to have lower voter turnout.
that was supposed to say... "Those who can't make music, play it... aka me!" stupid
*keeps talking to him* And in the mean time, go play with your brother.
RT : Used part of the Read and React the last couple of years. Players seem to enjoy. Each year getting better.
You don't have to be a baker to make bread....
Thanks for coming by!
Yes,I've read 'Dead aid' & disagree with almost everything in that book.
at park bench drinking a margarita. listening to TNT and feeling old for remembering when this was cool.
Thanks for the RT! What did you think of the article?
How I'm spending my day/RT : & honored at annual GRAMMYS on the Hill Awards
Me wit all these curves & you without no brakes...(O) lolz!
TGIF to all my world cusotmers www,varsityjackets09.com We rock custom varsity jackets~
No racing for us tonight! Looks like rain will win anyway...
I might need glasses :(
haha, that's awesome. I looked in the mirror this morning & thought my back was swollen until I realized my lats had grown
Not much. just surfing the net.
didn't come off the wrong way. You were stating it correctly. To naive for ppl to blame football this quickly.
Jus hit me that ireally dyed my hair Jet Black! Lol gotta get use to it.
Turkey stock simmering on the stove - one of my favorite parts of Thanksgiving weekend.
thank u! That's awesome! I'd love to speak with you :)
Praying for you today, have a blessed day.
so do I!
Happy, Happy Birthday !!
#volleyball in athletics. 💜
I like your website, you have alot of interesting content.
The Goldman Sachs guy started a powerful hashtag trend :)
Loyalty, respect, dedication, and determination is all I require.
Etsy chat doesn't seem to work for me, PW gets me traffic, no idea though of sales, not much if any
I like Marquis Daniels coming back to the #Celtics. Danny is smart in going for continuity for the shortened season.
.wps files?? Seriously?! Then you get pissed because our computers dont have 3.5in floppy drives. Did I wake up in '97 this morning??
Oh, I need to try that! We made it with polenta last night, very good.
Spit rounds like a gun rage
How about we have winter back?
I understand. Just let me know if by chance you have an extra.
Crazy excited about seeing one of my favorite Leonard Bernstein operettas (Candide) tonight at the Life is happiness indeed.
Exhausting day. Now time to rest before Mother's Day.
The government appears to have escaped a rebellion by the medical establishment over its controversial NHS reforms in England.
friends don't let friends buy non-vented suit coats.
Since I havent been on Twitter in a while, I shall fan girl over BTR season 3 episode 1 right now.... IT WAS AMAZING<3 theyve grown so much!
Michigan St versus Ohio St in B1G Championship Game. Should be epic...
Most effective thing is to make the wiki Protected. Otherwise always report spam so we can remove it and block IPs.
With beautiful weather all week predicted: where's your favorite outdoor patio for Happy Hour?
Good morning tweeters
Having sex bro? Use your breenis.
RT : CAV/PAG artists will be live on today. Come to the studio, tune in to 90.5fm or stream it live at wuol.org!
SPORTS 45 Clippers
New meme? "Things you don't have to do at a boil when is not present."
Thanks! RT : Shoutout to my new follower---><----GO!
yeah it's just not the same people
Naw, he said it was because it's Black Saturday. But he's being hypocritical because me mom is in Vegas right now -.-
Zipline still open tomorrow from 11 am - 7 pm.
Thank you for your mail, the Enterprise Mashup Summit looks like a great event for DreamFace Interactive will get back to u ASAP
Haha! You know you're in deep nerd-dom when you read it like that. :)
Guess having a teacher in the family helps bring a new perspective on things.
I've watched so much Thomas & Friends today. We also made pancakes, iced cupcakes, stuffed gift bags, and cuddled. Good morning with Davey!
we talkin bout these Dallas ppl in they fukkin face!!!!! Houston Texas in this bitch!!!!!
i had a pretty amazing night >.^
thanks. i have this like "everyone loves a bj" shirt cause of bj raji, but i'm waiting for a minute to release it lol!
The Israeli music at #SXSW Festival continues today starting w/ at 7:15p at the Firehouse Lounge (6th & Brazos).
OMG were so fucking awesome last night at Nottingham!! + so lovely!! You need to see them if you have any interest in rock music!! :D
I keep hoping our state will smarten up. And not have another person say f*ck Obama to me while I'm in my car
Lol ewwwRT The chair may make that sound but I can taste it in my mouth....
Eight pages and 4,539 words later my English project is done!!
Thanks for the follow, Dan! Check us out on Thurs. March 22 at Plush with 3 other fantastic female-led bands!
I WAS THINKING ABOUT THIS ONE
Sometimes the most ordinary things could be made extraordinary, simply by doing them with the right people
I hate passing out around 8pm, because I was so tired, and walking up at 2am.
1-0 but its a win!
Not only does get Omar from The Wire as a character, he says "A man has got to have a code" in a Law & Order themed episode. !
278: 98329075206. You're like too gorgeous.<3 Share some. like pronto. lol
RT Stumbled into a smokey Luxembourgian bar full of Brits just in time 2 catch Man City's wild comeback. Highly entertaining game
He's Evangelical. You haven't accepted his Jesus/God figure as savior. You are therefore "unsaved" and essentially outcast.
#cardcont all is good in the socialist wonderland :)
I am surprised that he does not want this whole country to turn into 1984, the book. Oh wait! Did I spoil next year's surprise?!
Tidewater yum
who ;d gimmi a hint?
My apprentice is about to be a father. That wasn't part of what I taught him. I feel like I let him down. Didn't give him enough Ginger Ale.
donbt try and be all badass if your gonna get caught
Dear haters- I have so much more for u too be mad at,just be patient.. ;)
Cinnamon, too! RT : only Cherry flavor? :(
Anyone looking to make this Sunday fun?
I'll ask you one more time ma'am. Take it back
no prob rob :)
Hey politicos, everything Udi's is half off in the Capitol's basement cafeteria
Yeah, but he can blame it on the alcohol...#couldntresist RT Jamie Foxx is older than Brian McKnight.
Awaiting orders to beam you up Capt. Rockk! Your custom ordered Light Saber is ready for you..I'm sure it will be to your liking
we both know him and I will never get along. Btw got a boat now. So.... Oh & I will
Follow all the guys! and
Is it supposed to.feel dis
Heh heh. I need not be reminded that Netflix exists. I've got that under control.
When someone tells me to shut up some alarm goes off inside my body and I get a twitch to slap them.. god forgive me ! But its my pet peeve.
re: math. If you're smart enough to code, you're smart enough to handle advanced math. Hard work and repetition can overcome.
&saying this as someone working for a theatre w/out any balance (at least for writers). &I support our artistic choices.
Buffalo NY please ! <3
#Youshouldnevertrust anyone who doesn't get waxed! Be sure to come to EWC for a FREE eyebrow wax if you're a first time guest!
Screw you RT New York City > Washington D.C.
To give you the strength to move forward with confidence. Noise and distractions can mask these very important moments and emotions.
that look amazing!
Checkout!!! Detroit's own Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP on youtube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP thanks...
I'm psyched to be 's 2012-2013 President. I look forward to an amazing year!
Good Morning ! <3
I watched it 598 times.
awww! Thank you musicangel. I will really check that out. You are an angel. :-)
We don't wana Neva end
Thanks Danielle. Out of town so let me know about future workshops and where they are posted unless Tracy does all...:-)
Thanks Lisa! Happy #WW and can't wait to sip wine IRL with you this summer =)
Having few friends who really love you is always better than tons of friends who don't.
Wedding shopping and my cousins wedding
I think your mouth should be quiet cause it never tells the truth.
Man, my Higher Self can see So much more than I can. Ugh. Envy. Right?
And that's it.
i dont drink loll SMOKER
Fantasy Playoff Semi-finals question. Lots of $$ on the line: Demaryius Thomas (vs Patriots secondary) or Vincent Jackson (vs. Ravens)
The detour was a nightmare. My kids got to meet this afternoon though! Have a great show..give Matt a hard time.
what i should do wait give me ur username so i can follow u
Bailey was right, horchatas is an awesome word(:
I miss you :(
When you make running a habit, your muscles get toned, your joints become more flexible and your bones grow stronger.
No one is as ugly as their driver's license picture and nobody is as attractive as their profile picture.
I really like Bolt Bus, especially when the weather is nice.
Awww, really? Of course you can trust me.
We're hoping to make it out there soon but there is nothing booked yet
I want to get my legs a little thinner so I can get tattoos on the back of my thighs.
Legit held on to dear life for about 3 hours.
We took the fourth of july off. Whos ready for lifestyle tip #7?
I think my beautiful mother should let me go to Cali this summer:)
www.webmasterpath.com - Where webmasters find their path to success!
I think you can pay someone to do that. ;)
Looks like rain is going to be a problem again tonight. It only delays the inevitable for the Rangers. Go
GOODNIGHT TWITTER. Follow Us, K?! Peace Out. #TripleOLLG <--- it's gunna happen. watch. -
MT I support, admire, & adore & Against Me! Always have, always will. You go, girl! Can't wait for the future!
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public
Amar'e needs to stop deferring to Melo! HE made NY attractive to free agents...the Garden is his house....
Im childish ~ ainkkk
Back home. Can't stay awake. Too many scorpions. Biggest Black Widow spider RIGHT IN MY FACE. Too tired. Need at least a little sleep.
In car. w some homo friends then w my breeder buddies yay
Haha my dogs the shit seriously
Thinking back to an amazing day with tons of memories...
that awkward moment when your church family asks you if you met someone at howard and you almost say "shiet". lmao.
Watts is hard at work on our annual catalog.
Does anyone like ? She's got some pretty good music, if she'd release an album that'd be nice.
depends on what you call talent
I sometimes speculate that Gould is horribly misinterpreted by everyone. I was in utter awe of Thirty-Two Short Films ..
is looking forward to AZ and PITT in the Super Bowl!
Is voter turnout becoming lower & lower because people don't think their vote matters when money buys elections?
I want sea foam green sheets
Maybe try experimenting with browsers? Some may do that javascript heavy lifting better than others.
RT : the sun came out today. even if its just for a bit im happy.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
RUSH Tickets for LA CAGE AUX FOLLES on Tues & Wed night! Details: $20 tix (cash only, limit 4) at our box office up to 2 hrs before the show
Its 11:11! Make a wish! :)
