Also the fact that they won't have a statue of him outside.
Lafayette Square Mall = Flea Market ...dont forget that people
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 11
TRACKING ANYONE ANYWHERE ANYTIME AROUND THE WORLD (GOTEK10 GPS WATCH LOCATOR) provides optimum protection, anywhere in the world. http:
DR® Power Equipment Teams with Bazaarvoice to Launch Online Reviews
All in all I learned a lesson from it, I neva saw you comin but I watched to see you go.
We're agreeing on a lot lately. Kind of scary.
me too
THANK YOU! and yeah it's all icarly's fault. :P and the only reason my blog is good is because i reblog EVERYTHING on my dash
parked in the murdough resident lot for 13 hours and still didnt get a ticket.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind. People throw rocks at things that shine and life makes love look hard.
hope you told him he's a pos
Just read an article that says kids should go to school 12 months a year! If they don't learn it 9 months they won't learn it in 12.
I'd almost never question John Saunders journalism skills... But what the hell is he talkin about ?
I hear Neptune is nice this time of year.
We're playing in Madison's own downtown Improv Theatre this week! Does that count? Because it should.
o lol. why i though you did. why dont you.
greetings! I'm a former Beeston resident. Enjoyed it!
My matted landscape photographs and greeting cards can now be found at the It's Bazaar shop on 21st St in Purcellville. www.bazaaron21st.com
Glad that the girls who wrote the Dan Kanter song are from Boston. Haha. #BostonRep #UMad?
thank you! :D
I hate being at school its so boring
My mom always asks me what's wrong like I'm overly depressed.
Guardian: 'All indications are the protests are on for tomorrow' RT
well done
This is bad only compared to expectations.
hes still alive? He still has money to buy coffee?
What do you prefer? Digital or Film?
Twitter just suggested I should follow Walmart.
I guess we were wrong about distractions getting to the Lakers
Quote of the day, "Give and you shall recieve" -Luke 6:38 and coffee this morning at
I'm in Nashville. Checkin time is 7am 8 eastern.
um HELL NO
Let the world come to you, dont force it and things will turn out just fine!
Happy Birthday No one knows how to party like you. Hope you have a great day :)
Can you add a link to your blog for users to get email updates when you post a new entry? Maybe I'll finally start one, too...
J and B have the same birthday?? Cool cake
Glad to close for tonight! it's gonna be out of control
There should be a law that makes you name your child "Mary Jane" if it's born on 4/20.
Off I go, TO NARNIA.
My TL really ain't hitting on shit right now...
Am I Ready?
lol no! I've had a really bad headache for 3 days straight! :(
ppl think tht friday the 13th is scary. well you dont have a 21 yr old brother who belly dances with no shirt ti shakira
..THIS IS IT..this type of mnfctrng is what needed by the middle/avrage Amrican workers. RETAIL MNFCTRNG garmnts,frniture,hshold
DVR is set! Will it be available anywhere online afterwards?
Happy Monday!! :)
"I'm Sorry" is a 2 word contract that says, "You will forgive me if I never do it again!" Use this phrase only when you mean it!
Im going to be a lesbian by default.
Don't forget the deadline to turn in all $$$ for MDS Walk-A-Thon is Fri. 10/14 6PM.
Hanging out with at mocha in Oakland
♫♪ Justin Bieber♫♪
YAY! why are we yaying again I forgot
Happy St Patrick Day
How are you otherwise?
Car Dealers. We've built an incredible Google program that is producing serious results! It can also be mirrored on Yahoo/Bing as well.
Instead of thinking of what u are missing, try thinking of what u have that everyone else is missing.
So close to 600 followers :D
Check out my super funny friend with super big teeth, and a super big personality he's amazing and on David letterman tonight
just bought your 30 day method book & I'm almost done reading & planning my routine! Hope it works.
now did you tweet that first or tap 'em on the should first? lol
RT Marketing company in Miami is hiring for a sales position with Fortune 500 client. bit.ly/qj12o3 PLEASE RT!
i feel the same way it's boring
Third row seats for the osu game!
NHLI is happy to be part of
Juan Pierre was safe, thanks Hunter Wendelstedt.
Say more about phone interview. Love to talk crop circles!
what you mean?
If Christians come from Jews, why are there still Jews?
I bet I know where to find you ... eBay! Totally bummed people didn't play fair in Mke/Brown Deer. This was a cool promo.
I know I can, drop a down payment on that porsche Cayene
Unless there is a carwoman. But I have played the game....
it seems impossible that someone would willingly spend that much. Stranger S has happened but, wow.
fox football guys live now www.foxsportsradio.com
how's he awkward about it? I know he lacks social skills but....
We just beat u in Texas? RT : #ItSeemsLike the SPURS are unbeatable ! 😄👍
don't forget my question, and answer! Good night dear, And Merry Christmas to you and your family In Daegu,
#endoftheworldconfessions I'm so sick of this built up anticipation about the world ending, I think if nothing happens I'll be kinda pissed.
2 more episodes to catch up on... hopefully I can do that later!
Today's press release has to appeal to a broader audience: consumers and end-users. Think multimedia.
how to get invited to The Table? Earn your seat. Be invaluable and charasmatic. Be confident, offer context, be relevant.
Get out of bed, ya lame girl!
o you don't say whom? haha! Thanks Terry, you always make my day!
mine too...
LOL WHO ARE YOU?
So true, hopefully its a miss.. :(
Haha I've seen this but thank you! So funny!
i wish they sell the cd in the usa I most likey get it on amzon.
Reactions to '09 Pelter Trio: earthy in a Pinot Noir way, smooth, cassis, nice acid, Mediterranean Bordeaux
#RT U Love ur Brazilian FANS
for creating and then uploading to Itunes. Was using podomatic?? Any other suggestions? TIA :)
I really am enjoying tweets today. Keeping me very well informed. Hope to see you out tonight mike!??
Today's BTU inspiration: "The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself." ~Anais Nin
Happy Holidays! Wishing you the best!
I don't wanna like anyone right now
Thanks for the add Declan!
This is why you need to sign up for Notes From The Universe (all free): "I have a favor to ask, Boone. Could you please wait until after...
koolio give me a call on da cell
Thx for the clarification and forgive my confusion. Stay cool, man.
I WANT A BOYFRIEND
#SciBarSpace warming up...
Unfortunetly even though you would love to ur club said i couldnt. So i am sorry but i do not want to get u in trouble.
Thank you Frank RT : Popsicles were invented by an 11 year old boy named Frank Epperson in the year 1905.
you get in at 7.30 right?
Oh my god no way is zeus teaming up with fucking hades hahahahahaha
they're closed until two.. 😒😔
RT : "Sometimes... you realize you will always be a student, that you will never know enough..."- Henry Rollins, Occupants
#Affiliate #Marketers #iHaveAnidea! Let me sell you a #Niche &/or a Name ~ Get noticed on #WWW, Twitter, FB, #AnyWhereYouWant2Be! 21012
just felt it in upstate ny
DRS rules. The bane of my existence.
Imma go Cone-ing Like
About to watch President Obama's #stateoftheunion address I am excited for what is to come!
that's not what I intended. Lol. :)
I don't think we're doing one.. unless someone else is planning one. It'd be fun though. x
There is no way under any circumstances that I will ever wear "mom jeans" ...idgaf if im 50, that shits not attractive in the slightest
Beep Beep RT : With hand-painted signs!
No, Grey's Anatomy. You are not allowed to make me feel this way... I just can't. ;___;
Don't Start A Conversation If You Can't Keep One Going. Makes Me Mad When People Text back "Yep , Yup, Ok " …ect
Love your profile picture!
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
"Content first, SEO 2nd". LOVE that. #SEO in #socialmedia So far, so good w/
The only Wildcat in a house full of Cards.
ya mamas chest hair need sleep XD
Tonight with at Earth 18+! Same party new venue! Tweet to get in free!
the best friends I have irreplaceable! ,
you're such a good bestie :)
Book your limo for homecoming soon.
the #oscars are on and everyone there can save with #save20 . we're just sayin.
nah vanilla added one last lil beat at the end #sameshit haha
It's everybody's secret superhighway underneath the Loop: Lower Wacker Dr.I'll be previewing some changes to the project, stand by for deets
": Buy the henny or not buy the henny that is today's dilemma" is that even really a dilemma for you lol
I want people's options on if citizens want to be able to vote for politicians & laws from their networked devices
The thing about Lion is that I miss Snow Leopard's ability to "pin" an app to a desktop. Always. Even after shutdown.
lawls!! i dig it!
Oh tequila I love you
just left one of the best all around stores in NyC.
Dear Mets Nation: Please calm down. The universe always has a way of correcting itself.
Staying after school for another band practice... Fun.
we both should be!
Sweet, I already have coupon code sites listing platformsbaby for the Electrik Emily Store. That's so crazy...
Save time and avoid the line SUEDE Lounge in Old Town Scottsdale. Mention AZ PARTYLIFE at the door for NO COVER. Its gonna be FIRE tonight..
Saying "gay marriage should be legal" and actually legalizing gay marriage are two different things. Wake up.
RT if you are a member of the #CeNation Family
prefer Paul's Boutique. I remember the surprising artistic difference compared to License to ill
thank you for stopping by.
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for IP Docket Specialist for a large global law firm with offices in Denver, CO. This is a long-ter…
It's so awfulRT : Really Geraldo... Really?
You too? Something hit me on Friday/Saturday that was very unfun.
Spring Break and I'm feelin' good!
#HAPPYST Top o' the mornin to ya!
I have checked you out !
I forgot to share with everyone that I won the dumbest $100 bet on the planet with
I just passed u. ;) have a good day at work. Love u roomie
Stephanie, YOU are excellent! Big love from all your fans at PHAME
Follow me on thank you I love you
text me now!!!!
Note to Santorum: Politics 101 lesson. Never tell voters to scrap their native language for a vote.
Happy Bday for her too. Tks! :)
I agree , either Skip is blind or paid to hate on Miami will be dangerous for years.
Look for me at the 5k tomorrow. I'll be the girl in the blue tutu.
what kind of games have you introduced into schools? How can we have a museum-school partnership game? Thoughts?
“Live” talk show www.blogtalkradio.com Sunday nights 8pm-9pm. March 6 topic No-Kill vs Kill Rescue Shelters. Call in to ask ? (619) 639-4612
Great trip to Portland today. Earned a new #digital #marketing retainer.
What hesitations or objections do these restaurants have with being included in the app?
Possibly because of their choice to create the news??? Duh!
is becoming one of the biggest mma fans. Mave to hit up the next jiu jitsu class
Yes indeed
That's Why i NEVER Give second Chances Dawg ...
drinking very strong coffee out of my mug. starting a PhD in Technology and Social Behavior there in the fall!
We are officially home owners in Portland!
Done and done. RT : Keep the #LIDSlove coming!
Looking for young money
Calif's Prop 23 initiative defeated by voters -- state's greenhouse gas efforts will continue. Critical vote for global warming worriers.
Sucked out on in 2 huge pots should be over 300k at 150 or so
Need you like the sun, your the one <3
Going to be putting some new music out soon.
Fluoride in Water Can Pose Health Risks, Says People&#39;s Chemist Shane Ellison
I'm actually kinda jealous of it. I'm board and am trying hard not to let our weather get the best of me.
tell him it's someone you send when a foo wants to fight
We got any of you awake right now? We're feeling a little down as a band and need some motivation!
RT : Today at 6 PM, readings from Beauty is a Verb: The New Poetry of #Disability at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor.
Finally in my lovely bed.
When you say your gonna do something do it.
Blue Jays fan that says don't give up! Alright, maybe our pitching prospects are better. Sorry.
#GoodNight to you all and to #TheLoveofMyLife (On Twitter only)
Without His love I can do nothing, with His love there is nothing I cannot do.
Cheese toastie and a cuppa tea. My life > yours.
They really needed to :(
H-SHEAR shout out FTW!
lol....i may that do often more
OK, we're copycats at HQ: hey comm colleges and CBOs, are you tweeting your need for volunteers? Miami Dade Single Stop is!
Don't forget to pray tonight because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning.
Has anyone ever approached you about using SHH as an piece in a uni class on education? There's so much to learn re Jonah
looks outstanding!
Thank you NSU for the First time. It was exciting to see my school in march madness!! Behold the Green & Gold!!
#Thingsinmylifethatarepriceless TRS shirts, guitar picks, drum head, drawings bracelet you can tell i love you.haha
Dinner! You know what to do!
It was good meeting, hanging out with #AAJA prez , #NAHJ prez and NAHJ exec director Anna Lopez-Buck at
Thank you for the #FF love
challenged by institutional friction at #usnatarchives; old guard resists change; old methods die hard and so too their adherents
I love
great, now I won't be able to to jog past them without getting all red-faced and embarrassed. Sometimes knowing is bad.
ASU Baseball now with at least 30 wins for the 50th straight season.
Love makes your life beautiful ♥
haha I saw him, I was like woow goes great with your skin color.
has anyone written/read anything in-depth about Adobe Muse? looking to learn a bit more. links?.
good for u jaden hope u get betterkk you going on chat today jaden or no to sick
i guess you should have listened to them
happy travels girl! thanks for having such a blast with me! and I will get summa dat iceland some day ;)
I Love You DUH
so. tired.
Thank you for your 2012 Spirit of Volunteerism Awards sponsorship - you helped make this celebration special!!
I just read this again. Why not just use "pp" in pdb?
Did he make it rain? RT : There we go and a nice touchdown dance
“: Geraldine Ferraro....remembered as a trailblazer who broke down barriers.” As distinct from a trailblazer who did not???
RT : Yeah. Make it nasty.
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon #soccer sayings: No hands in the box
twitter time with with
Sorry man,had plans to go to OC and C a metal covr band, wasn't excited, but a chance 2 C old friends. Then the punk show appeared.
Happy to say thank you!
You know llama has two l's
Not feeling too good. I had a pretty rough day. Maybe some sleep will help.
...and good hustle by Berkman (o, yeah, we want it)
"Get your customer experience right before you start spending money on marketing" #ebiznow Philly event
lol nevermind..... Didn't know she was on her way to htown..... I'll come tomorrow
Lindsay Lohan must be a slow learner. She keeps on repeating the same stupid stuff.
If The Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me. ~Song title by Jimmy Buffet
-OMGGirlz on back on the countdown number6 Gucci This(Gucci That) Love
Oh my god, I am so on fire today, I can't even begin to tell you.
avi is cooler than cool. It's cold ;-)
where are you going?
I just want more knowledge. It's intriguing....
Thanks for attending. I don't have sites to recommend, but I bet you'd find plenty if you searched "writing fiction characters."
Forwarding an email from 2010 on banner drops from the dope cause he's so awesome
Why "half" whole grains? I think it's a longtime concession to big ag, not a health recommendation
HAHAHAHA! I just died when I read that! xD That was hilarious!
why are there so many fishing related twitterers following me? I think fishing is a perfectly good way to waste a boat ride.
I just made this account two days ago, & it would make my DAY if u followed me (: I Love You Austin <3
We've waited along time, let's raise our 25's up"!
whooaaa! where's that from? it looks good!
Madison teachers Kati Walsh, Karen Vieth and MANY others say "I trust Flores to make decisions for my students, NOT Burke."
dear : i've been waiting patiently (21 years) for a new album. if you make one i promise not to d/l it from :) thanks.
love u too ;)
bat signal = let's tap in!
Very Refreshing If we can combine all of the positive words w/ healthy images (esp in women's mags), maybe we'll see progress
REALLY?????? WAS HE CUTEE? btw did she change her name to frisking miller in the end?? she better not have.....
My heart is beating so fast..
Yes, pocky can be lunch :)
Draw something = khuttington
thats too poo wish the best for her
Good pt! ": "How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.""
thank you for considering us :) hope to see you in again soon :)
have you tried a boot camp? My wife and I do one here in TX and love it! Great addition to your regular workout!
#NLCATLANTA While your young people will want to help you. once you hit 40...you should have it all figured out.
That sounds as un-appetizing as it gets. RT : Spaghetti tacos? This radio commercial just crossed the line o_O
#FF I start shooting with them on Monday in Memphis!
media guru of #CIFF, is headed to Bhutan in May. (had to look up where it is, and how to spell)
I was poli sci before I switched to theatre...do you feel like there are a lot of directing undergrads studying it for grad?
Lebron doesn't even have the guts to take the big shot!
The #TTOT hashtag is also usable during the week for your travel-related tweets/questions.
From earlier, re: parenting. A little disjointed :)
their is only 1 king. Michael Jackson is the ONLY KING and hes ALWAYS will be. WE LOVE YOU MICHAEL
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME! XOX
“If you are really effective at what you do, 95% of the things said about you will be negative.” (Scott Boras)
thx. That means a lot. :)
The new website will be completed by June 1, 2012...
": S CLUB 7 will reunite for a series of gigs and are in talks to sign a two-album deal."
What's up D!
or freaking awesome...
Pizza Hut is buzzing: - RT Pizza hut salad bar would go down a treat right now
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me
I played David Carradines social worker on a Ep of Family Law I told him I grew up on his show He said I looked too young 4 that
Most of the time the voices in my head are telling me to tell you to shut the hell up!
Weiss We r trying 2 change from compliance driven org 2 an org that holds grantees accountable & helps them succeed
“: ugh exam 3 in human systems this morning.... not gonna end well... Wish me luck ! #almostdone #hatinglife”Luck
Definitely not as easy as before
Yes, you saw through me. Statement on not pushing novel cuz it's not for all = me pushing my novel to those who are not all
that's nice and i have seen you'r latest photoshoot wow you are sexy.
Don’t change so people will like you. Be yourself and the right people will love the real you.
so i t was the glasses or my head?
Mornin everyone this is,the first time im up early
sure you can. what do you want to do? email me tomorrow
Now when I call she tryina be my damn friend talm bout sum aw gee this yo number) (yes bitch it surely is)
Thanks! I'm excited to try your food for the first time tomorrow.
Me To I Laughed To Hard ^.^ But It's So True !!
> so so excited to see you on The Celebrity Apprentice.
...See more crazy shirts like this one at www.insanityshirts.com
Unfortunately, unless knocks out , he has no chance. Judges won't hand Money first loss on the cards.
Partying in Florida! What a great place and some partying people. Lord help us, we love it here!
lol...u crazy!! Yall some good ass detectives doe...but sometimes a nigga be tellin the truth and he still get interrogated
Super excited to see & in Evita tomorrow!
thanks Leah! And Happy Monday!
Thank you. Yes I do my own artwork. Do you sell via Smashwords to Barnes & Noble? If so, is it successful?
well come see me you'll have fun then
Um fuck it waffle extravengenza this morning let's do this
Will district 17 continue with the "same ole same ole" or will they rise above the norm
Yes! I'm so jealous. I know I love how they were paired together. I am so attached already.
I do this
okay, i got some of em pulled up
it offended me 2 iotas less than your poor Whitney Houston coverage. U made inexcusable mistakes summarizing her career
Amazing dinner at Felice, my neighborhood jewel. The bartenders are geniuses and I am drunk from my Manhattan. Good times.
slow motion for everybody
Just watch the cartoons man, please no more sequels/remakes/movie versions of shitty toys.
I wish she was my bff ): lol
It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men
Agree! RT : It is also acceptable to refer to that area as "God's Country." Congrats.
thank god today is early release
99% of guys are hot. the other 1% go to my school.
Bloagception: when you dream about getting a bloagie while eating a hoagie while getting a blowjob. LMAO
hahaha of course you are! although rumor has it that according to willy a "mini Brendan Herr" is joining the team.
which parts of info theory? never thought of info theory as singular but maybe that is because of my illiteracies.
great meeting last night. Tapp is such the master photoshop guru. You can see his passion in his work.
Why does so many people got Swagg as there damn name?? Most if em aint gotta swag orno type of husstle #WTF I hate that word SWAG-played out
android has temple run now
I love the delta!
Babe's and #Ranger baseball... What a fantastic combination!
I need to get back on the social media bandwagon...
Lil Brian and I enjoying our Saturday morning watching cartoons
Do we get a Teaser for
I want wasabi on everything.
Just saw #EddieMurphy's #ThousandWords and I loved it. What a funny, powerful movie.
Snowstorm in April? Weird.
thank you!!!
Great Easter Photos
*in your dreams* maybe lol
life is a bitch and yu know nothing about it ;) soon baby
Good morning/afternoon #BEARSNation! Have a great a productive week
or westbound... BWHAHAHAHAHA ; )
you were so awesome on So Random! I cant stop watching your performance. 143 Follow me Please
Thinking about a specific person in life... I LOVE U!! <3
We Will Never Be The Same!
: Michael Gray's "The Weekend" and Madison Ave.'s "Don't Call Me Baby" #YAS!!
whut up follow back
Did you know? Our wax contains no alcohol and is made from 100% natural beeswax and the finest polymers
sometimes i wanna go back and live in france but nah . miami is better:D
Thanks for the follows , , Marilyn , , & publishing.
You're smarter than me.
Dear Santa, I need a f'n refill!!
RT : Collinsworth is full of it. That's not Herzy's space that deep.
It's still early, but feeling good about this! They seem focused and determined for the home crowd!
hi, I dunno where/why that RT came from, but I've never used the MM myself. Sorry!
One direction has seriously taken over my whole entire room
2 really great bloggers have signed up to read the opening of WAIL! Morning is off to an exciting start.
Im all over that ice cream beat like sprinkles (;
Taking my talents to university of central Florida next year with
Pizza, Pizza, Pizza, Pizza!!!!!
You're hilarious, lol. RT : The heat makes me SHIT 💩 a lot that's why I eat at night when it's cool in the summer time
They're amazing dancers, but I didn't expect like, those songs being played one after another lol
So good to meet you at #AERA2012! Looking forward to following your tweets. Let's stay in touch.
Why are you at five guys eating mcdonald's?
My favorite team name we made this year was 1 Less Monkee Jumping on the Bed after Davie Jones died. cc:
all in good time my friend. all in good time.
pressing sangiovesse and nebbiolo today...puts me in the mood for pizza
Aw shit is this the sex scene. lol watch my mom walk in.
I love giving advice and all but I kinda have my own problems too..
For example, no Sweden-Czech Republic at all here in the States. Again, thanks
Yes. Blah actor. He doesn't DO much in the book. But readers get his awesomeness. Creepy for a 39-yr-old woman to say! : )
no my older brother Trent did.
<<<< how could I not follow this?
that's a big Twinkie. You guys should put a deep fried Twinkie on the menu called "The Big Twinkie"
I wish seamless had rewards...
No what lol?
woo! Have fun!
HM... depressed :/
Amazing night with friends and family and STRYKE percussion ensemble :)
Great game but why is a game 7 still on after midnight central??? Are we going back to tape delay playoff games aka DVR???
Bored af out here.. Need sum fresh air tho
insert joke about testing for expected behaviour here.
key for academics to write for the public. With a public in mind.
Will you please talk to me im a huge fan i love you please reply :D:D:D:D:D follow me to please
packing for my moving.. can't believe I have accumulated so much stuffs living here 3 years..
At the mall with my babe <3((:
I sound "professional" according to #oomf lol
I can never find the perfect phone case
almost crying at the bus stop and no one even said anything. yeah, today's gonna be hard.
True broncos' fans rejoice! Peyton to sign and tebow to be traded!
The road to success is always under construction. RT
aw. so wish with all my heart that i could go!
And this is where it all started...
Yes people I am GRINDIN HARD PUSHIN IT TO THE LIMIT OH IT'S GOING DOWN BECAUSE I'M FALLING UP!!!!!!!
Musical Murderers #Tonight 10pm
Small city big dreams 🌇🌆
hello! does your gallery have live bands ever?
I do too! Their the worst! ):
Disrespect isn't cool, but respect is. Therefore I have something that needs to be worked on.
You've got me curious. RT: Good story when u get to ride your bike around the lake. But best part is the guy I rode with.
Im so stressed out... what tf do i wear tmw!
Support the Women's Soccer team tonight as they take on Wisconsin in the first round of the NCAA tournament. 5:00pm at Valley Field
Hey everyone just came back from the C-mas break. I never take my computer or phone when family is first. So I am back.
Drake & Josh and Twitter are keeping me from my homework so much right now.
Twitter is blowing up with this Obama announcement!
Federal vs. States. Micromanagement from D.C. is the issue of the day.
Wings! YUMMY!!!
closed minded RT : I read a tweet that says u hv leftist leanings?...I appreciate ur service but no desire to follow left?
Laughing because he's obnoxiously high, gotttaaaa love people!
Pretty sure my wife just out-cooked everyone in the South tonight
Coach specifically mentioned recruiting abroad. & At the Winter Meet & Greet @ BRIX in Dec. he said Spring games safe "for now"!
FW: God Has Seen You!! God has seen YOU struggling with some thing. God says its over. A blessing is coming your way. If you believe in ...
where u from
HA. No.“: tried nutritional yeast for the first time. I don't care what you dirty hippies think, it does NOT taste like cheese.”
Haircut, bank, dinner with Ally's family, then Longstreet with friends ! Gonna be a good night.
in lieu of nickel, we use silver for its superior conductive properties.
Final vote now taking place.
48 hours to our convention! In the meantime.... March Madness!
: I thnk I've jst had the best show of my life. U people were fucking outstanding. I'm blown away. congrats... Cnt wait 2 hear it!
Your left ear is more responsive to words of love and emotion whispered into it than the right
sweet!haha no one i live by has my name but a lot of people on Twitter do! =p
Always think positive guys.. *Falls DownStairs* Man I got down those stairs quick.
Workouts are like brushing my teeth; I dont think about them, I just do them. The decision has already been made.
I'm having to rebuild my nagiosxi server, and it's all my fault, not a good day at all.
There *are* backup generators, lights in hallways on & 1 elevator/bldg working. Need food & they're serving light snacks & drinks
New show announcement coming next weekend!
come to the back! I have candy!
Thanks for the #ff. Hope you're having another GREAT friday this week.
I know it's weird, but I seriously love April showers!!
"a mile? that's like 50 feet in "Janice miles"" // haha. Normally, yes. I am so overwhelmed/ tired/ in need of a vacay!!
Want to join us at Prost?
absolutely! The IDELT will take up most of your time during the week but you'll have time on the weekends.
Good i hate faires anyway !
5 tickets left for tonight!
what are the best protein sources in a raw veg diet?
I hear ya. The day is a total haze if done correctly :)
its an amphetamine type drug. also a evergreen style plant.
“: I love books, but the truth is that architecture inspired me to become an architecture critic. And love of writing.”
Gold coast 17U looking strong
Homemade pea soup for lunch! Yummmo!
About to be in the city of Weed California
Only 10% of people moving to AZ are over 65. Most are between 20-29. As heard at AAED lunch w ASU prof.
I stay up too late
Hunt: kept a journal in my four years there. When I read it later, material didn't fit together...
yea! heading to the Neighbo(u)rhood opening with some real, live Northsiders!
Swag. RT : Just got to La Costa CA looking forward to new territory: defending a title :)
Getting ready to upgrade from FCP 6 to FCP 7... Scary! My theory has always been "if it ain't broken, don't fix it". But here goes!
"Without a sense of Urgency,Desire loses its Value"--Jim Rohn...Wednesday is the Third day of the Rest of your Life, Live Your Purpose Now !
doesn't quite have the same punch to it...that is for sure!
So F&*KING PISSED OFF
Dear design/fashion bloggers: please, please, PLEASE source your images! I hate finding a lovely pic, and the only source is… your Picasa.
The well is what Tomorrow not school
Oh I'll chk that out?? I'll go to my acct on Amazon!
Had a great time tonight with my babygirl!
T3 - more layers really needed on top of existing rules? inconceivable to me that mistakes are more likely with newer health IT
What a well accomplished day!
okay yea people are right u are turning into a jerk
I'm a HUGE fan of tattoos, so glad we connected, you need to hook me up:)
Free Dessert per table with purchase of entree when you check into Oz Korean BBQ on your Yelp, Foursquare, or Facebook phone apps!
Be who you are and say what you feel. Those who mind don't matter & those who matter don't mind. Paris Hilton / Hayavi Moradi , 05-03-2012
listening to music you?
that's amazing! Love it.
": Now that Prince Fielder is gone, Nyjer Morgan has become my most hated Brewer. #Cubs" ha I just bought a NM jersey. AH!
I missed yyoouu !
“: Homework all night so I can get wastey tomorrow at the show without guilt.”m
Spent the day interviewing mall Santas and did not eat one candy cane. Surely that qualifies me for major Nice points.
I'm heading to the holiday inn party -aka- my room.
Monday morning begins with work in DC, Denver, Atlanta, and Santa Cruz.
Don't waste time with people who see you as you were instead of as you are. If they can't let go of the past, let go of them.
390 is quite scary. Avoid it if you can.
Just saw best use of a master chief spartan full kit....6 man drinking game..
UNC journalism school drops spelling part of test
'm so glad I'm not alone. I dislike that about myself and I want my kid to be better! How do you deal with that? Or do you?
You can use twitpic . com too!
Everytime I go on 's page, it says " is not following " Still... Maybe someday that will change. :'(
It also isn't available for Android. And I do have the latest and greatest there (Motorola Atrix). :( Pout.
1 MONTH UNTIL RACE DAY! Time is running out. Register TODAY & receive $5 off w/ Referral Code ONEMonth. Please share w/ your friends!
Woo! My new MacBook Pro is in Memphis! That means it will be at my doorstep tomorrow morning.
hope you get better soon!
don't hate they'll be back next year with D-Will
So I'm just going to cry, and do my science lab.
I get so nervous when Im singin or actin in front of people But I love it I just gotta get used to it then I'm gonna do auditions
COMMENT if you made a few memories this weekend...LIKE if you could never tell what happened to your parents.
I wish someone would go to DQ with me..
How to Demonstrate the Value of Social Media to Your Boss
Who else hate when your in the public bathroom and someone comes to the urinal next to u
I need a haircut!!!
happy weekend!
- can you send it to me to my email so I can just froward it
Goodnight my fellow freaks, geeks, wannabes, and HOOLIES. Not that you guys are freaks or anything... Erm.... I WUV YOUU!! :'3
I gotta piss like a Russian race horse
I suck at remembering names however I never forget a beautiful face.
Ain't no boy out here faithful I dont care what nobody say
got it
It's not too late to come to the HWI. Check it out www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
Thanks for the RT !
Missing him(:
Thank you, it did help. I submitted my question. Thanks again.
my shoes aren't hooking right now, I think I need bigger soles.
Justice is the constant and perpetual will to allot to every man his due. - Domitus Ulpian
The Rolling Stones&#39; Brian Jones slept with &#39;64 girls in 19 days&#39;
Gratitude for family, clean water, hot showers and freedom to pursue happiness
Excited to play at the "World Famous" Whisky A Go Go in L.A. on May 11th!
Says the man with a heart of stone.
Happy Mothers day :) & goodmorning
LOL fun :) OMG I think my sister is hunger games crazy , while I'm 1D committed (:
We dined on Ostrich burgers at after practice! Surprisingly good! We love em as well as abusing exclamation marks!
Sounds good.
OH MY GOSH! That has got to be the cutest puppy ever. What breed? A spaniel?
being a newb
I hate him!
I tend to get a lil jealous at times..
Japanese Translations in DUB by pon all online stores, Seen?
I think I want to dye some Easter eggs ...I miss my family and friends
It is 82 degrees
I have a love hate relationship with Jon. Lmfao 😂💙
Thx. Doesn't seem to actually say much of substance, though.
Just saw Breaking Dawn :)
It's amazing how has changed the way we watch national speeches
#imagine you are at this party and you are dancing when Harry comes from behind u and pulls u closer to his body and you have a dirty dance
we have our groundbreaking on may 14...generally it is about 12-14 months to build from the ground up so spring/summer '13
We've got free tickets to our show with Concrete Grip at the A Club on Saturday October 8th. Come and get 'em!
shout out for
It's ok! I am a survivor! ....just like beyonce and those other two girls that no one can remember
RT Do you see a Mayweather / Pacquiao fight in the distance?
Last day of Art City Austin! Cool artists,live music & delicious foods! Drop in & say hello on your way in/out of festival. Love to see ya!
|#quotes The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
Well, once it's determined, make sure you buy a ticket this year! ;-)
lol spending time with my niece, and no worries, just got back from a very long walk. I know the mission. eye always on the prize
God is flexing His muscle here in Arlington.
Anyone do photography? needs new photos :)
Jealous of your lunch!!!
excited to see you both there!
Data management!
Best friend= 2 coffees?
damn! Creative indeed ;)
#TwSIG 60 ideas for using Twitter in the classroom has all sorts of uses for different levels of education.
Somebody told me they didn't like instagram because it's not "fun" ! Wtf supposed to be fun about it ?
Welcome, Mario Williams, to the Great football town & best fans in NFL, no contest – just ask &
Soccer Final Tomorrow !! #Ready To Kick Some But
happy 2012 to you!
Thanks for having me on your show earlier this month. How's your business going?
You are only coming through in waves
I don't care. What do you wanna do?
Wondering whether the shaft of my husband's one wood is too stiff. Good thing can't make anything dirty of this.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
Are you a high school student interested in journalism?! Join us at #TeenLifeLIVE NYC and check out our sponsor to learn more!
I can't find mine
#sanchez Super comfortable and relatable. Don't like first slide.
wooop! where is said garden going to be?
There are over 10,000 varieties of #wine grapes in the world. Retweet which style of wine you are partial to?
NEA Itching for a Cure 5K Walk to take place on April 28
That is awesome! So proud of you!
lol i love u most xD ♥♥
I do use Pandora, but I was bored of my stations. I'll give the early jazz a go this morning. Thanks!
Dynamo sing Costly!
"All he knows is highways and brokenhearts"
Happy thanksgiving everyone :D
Thanks for the great photos of us 88 Veterans on your Tweet & Facebook who took the campaign training last week!
Work soo damn dead omg im losin my mind
Who wants to comeover? :)
Thanks for the follows , , , & Bob
Have you ever had the Police called on you? If so - why?
Guess its bout that time! :)
Playing poker. Yay this isnt going to go well
My 21st bday is dec 3 it would be awesome for u to give me a shoutout i would flip..
How long you there?
Just heard CEO & VP NA of Exlibris talk about the future of the company and its product.
On another note, why must the ATL airport ALWAYS have massive delays? That's what I get for pulling an OJ Simpson through the airport :(
Great! Thank you again for joining us!
hey don't shush me!!! Meanie!!!
RT : Win tickets to 2011 Toronto! If we reach 500 followers by Feb 4th all followers could win pair of 2-Day GA TIX!
Exhausted all my online votes. What's the limit on phone votes?
when someone can change your mood just by smiling, keep them around :)
I will for sure (: But first I need to meet him though!
happy birthday!!! I'll sing when I see you !!! ;)
Thanks!! I'm excited!
I'm with the MONEY TEAM ToNIAught!
New students. Free sunrise #yoga tomorrow (Tuesday, April 19th) at 6:15am with All levels welcome.
Mark Twain was born today in 1835. On education: "It is noble to teach oneself, but still nobler to teach others--and less trouble."
Don't wanna be here right now...don't wanna be anywhere right now...
nun working u ?
he's great, taking care of my sick butt like a good boy lol
I agree! looking forward to my commute home.
pfffft.... u following me makes me cry
Stupid question coming at you via PM *headdesk* I have the memory of a sieve.
now that says it all, Sarah:)
RT For A Safer Way to Secure Funding. Checkout this site... Bit.ly/fundingprogram via
I need help I need followers please help me I follow back ):
Congrats for the nice qualifying to 15th & 16th for tomorrow.
Welcome to the ATX. Hope San Antonio and Houston treated you well.
You guys still around? and I are thinking of meeting up around 1:30/2 today for a bite to eat
doin all this school work this week is changin my outlook on life. Finally somethin to work for
Why should I listen to you, anyway? You're a virgin who can't drive
asdkilfjlsejfknsal... Woah! Is it hot in here... or is it just ? ;) hahah! P.S. Don't tell him I said that! ;) lol! :P
The is open for business. Water service has been restored to the RMC.
note to self: do not remotely reboot all the set top boxes in the house while 5 year old is watching dino dan
having to take care of your younger sisters at their worst = perfect form of birth control.
there she is... the best thing about the temps dropping is snuggling up with our furry friends
Oh, you're good. I start to miss my bed around 10pm.
tnks for saying
You seriously Light Up my Life Lonny!
do u have a facebook
That looks like Wild Adventures in Valdosta Georgia (:
i think that is for you to decide. :) I think Telescope Eyes is pretty romantic. I also play an acoustic version of it
I'm holding you to this. You better personally deliver the good news of tour dates via twitter too. Can't wait to see you!
Great workshop today. Inspired by the talent and commitment! A great Sunday in the theater...
We would like to wish our marketing coordinator a #HappyBirthday!
I hate #fearmongering! But we moms r so susceptible! Do you know ? Great posts w real science!
Friday Night Lights is a great movie!
: What #photographers are your favorite to follow on twitter? >>> #followphotog is an OG. Follow him
Danny Green has 9 points in the third quarter, 11 for the game. The Spurs lead the Jazz 70-63 with 2:40 left in the quarter.
I heard if you keep trying it works, and you should try buying one at a time!
Just booked a flight to Denver this month!
Only God can stay the waves of anarchy & disunion & make the passions of men subservient to His will.
well, it wouldn't be private in the true sense. other members will be there. but i could do a private someday on f4f i guess
Worried about Friends in Nashville.. Praying for u guys!! stay safe...
Looks mean too much to people nowadays .
I'd say that is a totally awesome emcee for the #SoMe awards!
#americanhorrorstory is the most disturbing show I have ever seen.... And I love it.
": what nahh kiddo that's not me" oh course it isn't
Watching the boondocks
hey thanks, sounds cool. Love Shaun of the Dead and Zombieland!
New DNA testing may free convicted Colorado killer
#np next 2 you- chris brown ft. justin bieber :]
In honor of it being "Jersday"....I GTL'd. :)
I hope u have a great time at ur prom and just be careful love ya
They're great. Thanks!
follow me? :3
you know I'm feeling this. Sam Dower is feeling it right now too
Too perfect Gotta buy an Animals record today for sure Still singing!!! A SXSW moment to say the least "that is every song I've ever writte
It sounds fine! Thanks :)
Raised near 100k yesterday! If you were inspired, you can plunge in MKE on 03/03!
eeew - sorry...at least there's golf :)
RT : Your brand is what people say about you when your not in the room
Workout tip #2 for time starved #startup founders- workout in half your normal time, but do upper body dumbell exercises in a sumo squat.
have you heard it you might not like it:)
I think you'd like my math class...Chuck Norris posters everywhere!
Fuck you cancer.
Thanks! We love it too!
Your brother should check us out! We are a service/ app to help in case of fire or natural disasters
Was just coming home. And what a day to be here! Beautiful!
IF U FUX WITH #DASUPAVILLIAN LET IT BE KNOWN... POST A SONG OF HIS ON YOUR TIMELINE #DMV WHADDUP SHOW SOME LOVE
Wow! Thank you. Now I am going to look to you for compliments & advice on amazing shoes.
just saw on my local news that gallup is reporting RMoney 47% and PBO 44%?
the chick at the store was like aim high I say #SPACESHIPSBITCHES and Majic iPhone 6.... Nah but I got another phone
NOw Follwing !!!! Follow him y'all
I'm coming, coming, back, back to JERSEY.
Well that and if she was really ugly.
it only comes out when im mad
To those of you who got a FREEPRINT, they're all packaged up and ready to ship. The deal is now closed.
Count it the greatest sin to prefer life to honor, and for the sake of living to lose what makes life worth having.
Is real #fucked up in de head. And on #top of that is #blazzed as a #stoner GodsGirl777
Great night of Boot Camp! I couldn't ask for a better group. You guys crush it everytime! Your success stories are going to be AMAZING!
Question that #sdcouncil of course never will ask: Is there a better ROI available elsewhere?
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Twitter when you order & get 20% off TODAY!
studying for dr. pok's class is impossible... :(
Had a moment of inspiration (and a dash of dumb luck) this afternoon with my 1st #JBDStyleChallenge! Shopping DONE! Off to shoot video next!
If I could you find now, things would get better. We could leave this town & run forever. I know somewhere, somehow we'll be together.
Ok tweeter, if anyone really uses this a lot ...please show me the ways LOL, I have so much to say and feel that its not getting out
yes! and a medium.
I feel like I live in the middle of the ocean you can't see the ground! And our electricity just went out! Stop raining!!!!
": U were named after the receptionist who overbooked the abortion doctor" No wonder you married a hack. You're just as bad
#WeWereCoolUntil you opened your big mouth.
Learned from and You cannot afford to mind your business If you are to lead.
Not havin a girl is weird. I b wantin stuff brought for me n shit
Dont wanna go home(:
Best of luck, Tony. You'll be great!
How is everyone else doing this fine morning... Spring is in the air and it smells fresh
every night is a bad night to be a Boston fan.
A humbling experience - Thinking you're the man for getting a cute girl's #, only to find out the # she gave was to Papa John's Pizza!
I was thinking of the "josh hamilton goes to celebrate in Hamsterdam" jokes. Didn't actually tweet one though.
#Once in a lullaby to start at #tribecafilmfest. Sitting with co-producer So happy for the kids.
How's everybody's Friday going? Any local shows we should know about?
Really PLL? How many Hitchcock Psycho homage's can you have in an episode? But I'm okay with it.
Thanks for including our blog post in the Young_At_Hearts Online Daily!
Sunshine I'd really like to tell you Oh my sunshine Even though your skies are blue
I hate when I leave my phone in my room expecting no one to text me, and of course everyone does and I feel like a bitch for not replying
Heard of it, but know little about it.
I am ready to be entertained!
As we mentioned late last night...apologies for the momentary pause on #CoMoFirstKickCountdown, but today we're catching up!
welcome back to BOS Did you get a good view of the #BostonBlackout from the air?
Will share my experiences in Nicaragua being called a "negra mas fina" in comparison to blacks on the Atlantic coast. Heard it all the time.
meh. off to interview...
and I are working on a new idea and are curious to see if we are taking the right first steps. May I e-mail you?
Go into your account, change your email and change your pw. If you can't, you may have to go to Twitter about it.
Hope the hubby gets home soon....so excited for the game(s) tonight!!!!
I know. He also asks for money sometimes. I mean, Dude, you have a tattoo of a swastika...
yes. I do drink pabst. :)
on ooVoo with my gay lover. I'm a whore.Oh not my boyfriend by the way.
haha i know right :P
Have a safe trip. :) Love ya! <3
Dougie* you can break her like a twig, she should learn to shut up!! #hahah love my bff, (:
I'm not really sure.
- our own is a lover of both Gluhwein and Budapest
Drake "find your love" still my song
Wish I knew @ twitterfall when I did my culture essay lesson a few weeks ago!
Hold events in the morning. That will give radio reporters time to get ready for afternoon shows, and TV reporters time for evening news.
I have a hard time w 120 choices at my fav place down here. I can't even imagine over 500.
[Campus Bulletin] Starting next week, all students wishing to eat at the Taco Bell, Chick-fil-A, or Subway will need a 24-hr reservation.
sorry about that I'll keep ur bag a little longer
HA! Well played.
Just go to a brewery tour and get drunk. Yeah. That's what my city has to offer.
that's an awesome song!! Hahaha
they are very cute. thanks, kevin.
Tennis Anyone? Just arrive at La Jolla Beach & Tennis Club... Me vs. Seniors. Bring it!
Mhmm I love you so much baby words can't explain (: <3
Oh no i'm drunk already
He doesnt go 2 our school anymore so idk when the next time ill get 2 see him
Hello and thank you to all my new followers.
nvm forget what I just said just erase it
and at the GAC shuffleboard tourney
Agh, my mouth is so dry :/
I hate the fact when us black people enter Store's the workers be like "YOU NEED HELP" .... I be like "DAMN I JUST GOT IN HERE"
After my midday recess session, I really don't want soup.
#What2ChainzWouldSay. Is a disaster. he is gone write all these tweets down and make an album
they need to be taught responsible use ie. looking at wiki sources. We can't stop them from visiting it
Life is, more than anything, wishing you were Theodore Roosevelt when you're actually Rodney Dangerfield.
Did you see sluts in long pants? Halter tops? 8 inch platforms?
FLOTUS is beautiful. Crush...
THEY WANT YOU TO TAKE THE ROLLS
hi i love this pic of u on the Tran it is pretty
Heading to a new tea room discovery. Enchanted Garden Tea Shop in La Mesa. What's your fav tea room anywhere on earth?
Thank you so much! You're making me cry...
follow for all the latest news on #COD #BlackOps and a chance to purchase a copy of the game a week early
"The brighter you are, the more you have to learn." - Don Herold
s/o too :) #teamifollowback sweetie*piez
Thank you for the
happy to hear that!
RT : Gone on hiatus...
SHAYTARDS DAILY VLOG EATCH IT IT IS AMAZING YOUTUBE
Anyone else get a sneaky tweet from ? Sounds like SOPA Part Deux.
Finally got my state tax refund. Better late than never.
or Rene Gonzalez or eve Craig Worthington
Contestant 4 is Fred Zajac founder of Veteran Career HQ, a workforce mgmt solutions provider, connecting HR depts with unemployed
oh shitttt. Can't wait :)
don't need one trust me My gun is loaded
Thank you for the follow, looking forward to tweeting with you. have a great week
if you're asking if the peace plan has failed, you failed.
Indy!! Tonight , Female Soul Vocalist Renee King & Rhythm Park. 8PM.
So St. Valentines Day is tomorrow.....any takers? :P
The best! He's been refining it since birth. ;-)
#whosgonnalose - Orange Bowl - Georgia Tech v Iowa - Ga Tech will lose
Me: Taking pic of blackbird. Guy on park bench: "Hey, that bird is copyrighted!"
English law (with Spanish community property law), instead of Roman law. Happy Texas Independence Day!
Hahahaha I love you hailstorm
kk thank you so much
Since Sarah Phillips was a Pac 12 student and Jim Donnan's scheme was bigger, is that another win for the SEC?
Damn ima miss her
"If one believes in a different past, on has to believe in a different future." ~Gordon Wood (2008) #Tweetsfromthe(Recent)Past
listen to AM radio those freaks are everywhere and they vote and contribute to PACs
I remember how happy i was when i saw had tweeted me <3 :)
#NE all day!
Ah yes. That's one of the reasons I chose the commuter. No problem in my regular clothes--skirts even (which I am wont to wear).
Me: Mom... Dad.. I decided to live on my own from now on. Them: Ok, cool. Me: Your luggage is outside
It's getting crazy in herrrree! Performing soon! Get here! with
Beautiful love!
Tomorrow will make the 2 weeks mark til my EPA exam! One thing at a time!
if my voice starts changing and i start having violet mood swings its the steroids not me
Mexican experts find ancient blood on stone knives
RT : Park Bolton designed by nominated for #Industrial Dev. of the Year! #NAIOP Rex Awards,
Happy fathers day
Where did you get that nonsense about Jews hating Indians?
maybe. Might be going for school. I'll know more in a few weeks. I'll keep you updated.
You are stole my heart! Love you <3 :) x
Been a crazy, busy week w/dress rehearsals every nite at Narroway, but there's just nothing like it, blessed 2 be a part! All 4 His fame!
Gonna watch the Will Ferrell/Raymond Carver movie. Only because the title does not contain "What We Talk About When We Talk About"
got my autograph yesterday, thank you!!
Bulls and dollar burgerss !! Come Into rookies tonight!
Be sure to check our web page for information on College Football and TV -- Baldinger
We will send you a free sample in the mail! Ready...TWEET
follow us now
Do what makes you happy. Be with who makes you smile. Laugh as much as you breathe. Love as long as you live.
Shout out goes to the Latina at Mcdonalds that made these tamales I'm about to eat. Smells like its going to burn!
Ukuleles. The preferred choice for crappy jingles for years.
iGot my cousinn on HOLD ' why my ear ' phone s in MUSIC First bby > 3
can't wait for #eecms v3 - excited just off of the shots from
Had an audition for #dunkindonuts yesterday I feel good about... grew up on the stuff and loved it!
MT Tell to stop their #VeriGreedy practices and respect workers and customers! Call 800-229-9460 now
That's cool, it is a fun one :)
I want to do a cauldron version of the timbers Tetris -
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
A big Holiday Shout of "Thanks!" to recent follows: I appreciate expertise!
See you Monday? #theWeddingParty at with for
tweet me MAHONE SOLD OUT NYC!
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything. Mark Twain
me too! even got my roommates on board with it :)
abby drinks puss.
at work
ARIANA IS OUR QUEEN :D
well thank you! c:
Wow, what a fantastic meal. Currently eating the leftovers. I definitely need more...”
i'm so glad i know how to bake since i'm hungry all the time.
It's refreshing to actually see a kid shy away from all the ESPN/press conference announcing hoopla.
#teamsharon for the gold!!!
i've participated in networking games similar to firefly at other events and they seemed to have more participation.
You're welcome! That Wine Place is a good look!
--- At least my stuff is organized in *some* fashion. Right?
We took the game for a test run, and it's actually really fun to play! He came up with the ideas -- I just made them look pretty.
what a steal
text me at random talking about "waddup"dont be mad when I ask who's this ---CLEARLY we don't speak so I just assumed you died or something
I think his instructions are pretty clear. Send him everything he needs to learn Cairngorm...for free of course.
Hairspray must sell like hotcakes in NJ
Thanks! You too.
At #VMA having a blast! Can't wait to see performances!
This is why there are iphone games...
sing along.
That sounds awesome RT : Hi, really liking the clothing. Do you mind if I do a post about your label on my blog?
BSO? ENJOY! I need to get out and see them (or any "classical" performance more.
yeah, no #kiroconnect for you. get on that website for us!
I've got a Roku XD, PS3, Xbox 360 and two HTPC. but the only one of those that was around the same price point is the roku.
If we were to make a pizza honoring #MUBB, what should be on it?
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy
Oh, yes. But they're all friendly. RT : i think powell library has ghosts
Dear Alec Baldwin: After keeping me for 10hrs to play with you. Then you forgot over 20 x who I was, at which you were delusional.
So you've asked me questions about outlining & writing process ... what about you?
she's reporter. Love that you are also watching! Can't wait for to show his stuff on debates!
What are you talking about?
merry christmas debby ryan i love you ?
Just heard this in BYU housing "OH MY GOODNESS! Did she really swear?!"
let's not talk about HV..
haha about how I did at school
Everyone thinks I'm psychotic, except for my friends deep inside the earth.
Can QR Codes Help End Childhood Obesity? | Business 2 Community
She's amazing!!!! When can we bring some young people with my foundation to hear you speak again?
Be comfortable with yourself so your customers will be relaxed when you meet with them.
I do sometimes! We're hosting a Teen Tech Week technology share tonight. I hope it goes over well.
out with my mommy and Cali for mothers day!😊👍❤
done:) followed me Thanks!:)
no i tried with greenpois0n
#HHD have a good day :)
I love seeing people I know on The Dirty
- story on why Sunday talk shows continue to have Sen. McCain on at every opportunity. Quotes from bookers and critics.
the more symmetrical your face the more beautiful you are the less interesting...
i love hula hoops! haha.
everybody else gets earthquakes
Every time I hear a song on the radio and don't know the artist it turns out to be Adele.
I am Aldolpho
Cena back to the jean shorts???? smh
what am i doing up? #amiinsane?
Awesome, thx! RT ElaineMWay: So good to see the pets happy too!
Cabin fever....
Oh, we're getting a killer sick mural painted in our space. Portland artists unite!
How did you enjoy your time with us last night, Susana?
Ok ": txt me, its important"
Two compounds found in chocolate, N-oleoylethanolamine and N-linoleoylethanolamine, inhibit breakdown of cannabinoids like anandamide.
sound is totally making me swoon in this breeze tonight...can't wait for to come on
The New England Patriots will be facing the New York Giants in the Super Bowl XLVI on Sunday. Call at: 888-493-0004 & get your game tickets.
thanks jew bear
Just give me a f'n coffee!
"still covered in her yoke the wet drug of my addiction" otep is awesome!!
if it doesn't include an itching or burning sensation then you didn't do it right.
chorus rehearsal!
Somebody just got Instagram! So cool! More photos from Rio to come!
Whether or not this is a wise idea I don't much care to know
lol and that was before this weekend's mini-camp.
Nope, probably no clue. RT : I wonder if some people know how badly their favoritism hurts the people around them.
Pink gators, my Detroit players!
Yup!!!! Yall better make it back in time! RT : So Webbie on the 29th
God is trustworthy and always has resources to back his promises!!
they don't want blacks either.
love you.
Today is my last day of high school :')
Wow Worship was powerful this morning. If your missing Joy in your life, get to church for worship. You will find it.
Want to come for a luncheon in Beverly Hills? Oxygenetix wants you to come! RSVP to
you want some peanut butter?
I think I have a promo card for that. They do monthly showings, I believe.
my ex. Apparently he needs to follow me on Twitter to get the full effect of my hilariousness
omfg I can't wait! #BOYFRIEND!!! RT?!
Good morning Veronica!!
bout 2 head bak out the door
I just left class on my way :D
MAN #BIGRED KILLING ME
has a legit website now... Stacey = Original Member of the
Thanks Joe. Sad loss...
BWA! There. Did that scare your hiccups away?
Nice nice nice!
Don’t be discouraged. It’s often the last key in the bunch that opens the lock.
Rain cancels Nebraska spring game. NO REFUND for $10 ticket but fans can redeem for baseball/softball game. I'd be upset.
I already have!! Let's hope it goes from good to great one!!
Watch this space for an new #Easter #bitesize #resource! Can you guess what it might be??
Wes Gullett for Phoenix Mayor!
hope you enjoy it's beauty. Put up lots of pics
so sad tht a 3 day weekend had to end so fast i dont wanna go back to school im still sick ive been sick for like 4 days im NOT going
now they're playing followed by Annie Lennox's Ash cover of Ash at a different mall. is mall music good now or does my taste suck?
I already know my attire :)
If you haven't signed up for the do so immediately... it'll be the best looking thing in your inbox!
Indeed. Did you make a PhD decision yet?
hahahaha pay up kid
I didnt no whores had so much to say smh
I should really start a blog. Of course, I realize this at 11 pm the night before a graphic design project worth 25% of my grade is due.
I think im ready
"I learned that on Madagascar..." -
: when you tryna get em?// it don't matter to me
Thanks for the follow - looks like an interesting magazine!
Send me pictures of Incredible sunset!
Day 1 of birthday celebration was chocolate tour. Day 2: food and drink fair!
Silvy r u a fanatic? Some ppl may need to take shelter but i understand u lose rational thoughts when ur team plays.
U call people dumbasses & racists to stop them from telling the truth. Tells me all I need to know about you.
Ads and Heat scoreless after 1.
what are you curious about?
Why is it that the history of war is rarely as politically fractious as history of money? What does that say about money?
I love the way you have been playing, such heart and hustle...let's get that win!
get a life! no ones gona fall for you bs spam!
my argument isn't who is better between kim and nicki..every1 knows its kim even dick riders! My FACT is Nicki Minaj Is WACK
Holy Crap it's freezing in this room!! And I have to take a test that I'm probably gonna fail in here?! FORK this!!!
Why did Kinnear sub for Davis? I thought he was playing well in the first half...
I actually went to a rodeo for a chic. Got up and left. Shoot me.
Nevermind we just have the three dumbest announcers known to basketball...jesus you guys are morons
Oh the delights of waiting until the last week of the semester to do everything.
why'd you send me that?
Thanks for the RT (agreed, silly but oddly true)
No, my beard does ": Chuck Norris swings a baseball bat made out of Batman"
Cornelius Tacitus~ It is the rare fortuene of these days that one may think what one likes and say what one thinks.
Lol I guess that IS a way to look st it RT I walk with a limp cuz im
Last meet of the season tomorrow, gonna miss track
any idea who this "doozy" new UB pro will be?
How many points
My teacher just said AC and it made me think of haha
I thought you'd never ask! *blushes*
5yr old: Why do I have to do what you say? Me: Cause I'm in charge. Him: You better talk to Mommy, I'm afraid she thinks SHE is in charge
" It's what's underneath your skin, the beauty that shines with in. " <3
Face Match is really awesome. Yay Hulu Plus. Also my living room looks really good after Ikea trip, people should come over.
Awkwardly walking around my neighborhood taking pictures of houses. #noshame. It's all in the name of photography...
Goodbye LA. Your weather is much too perfect for me.
Hi Sal - hoping to connect and discuss a speaking opportunity. Can you DM me an email address or phone #? - Trey
im going trick or treating!! :)if it snows then i guess ill have to go 2 the mall :P
IT'S GOING DOWN ONCE AGAIN! A HOST OF AMAZING FEMALE PERFORMERS R&B AT ITS FINEST! RED KIVA, 9:00 PM!! BE THERE!
my 92 y/o MIL loves you and even more for replying to my tweets. She is just grasping eBay let alone Twitter :p
Wow! Super Junior fanchants are intense too!
you too! We'll need to get together again soon!! You're the bees knees
We hope to see your team on Sat. for the debut of new home neighborhood, GreenDoor at Edenglen! 10am pancakes!
One of those days -__-
nice derp pass, Bosh
So bummed that doesn't have to 's 1st book to sell @ book signing. :(
I'm not nerdy enough to answer that question, alas. One of the tech crew would be better suited.
Oh, no. Not Isis!
Dance tonight! (: gonna be a fun night!
AMAZING! How was the Spotlight Award show last night?
Thanks for following - Would you be interested in becoming a sponsor for their annual #TSETC11 conference this Nov?
great article! J&J has always been cutting edge! This is very well written!
Um... Just had a listen back. #getexcited OMGosh!!!
Thanks for the mention!
Forgot I still had pizza rolls in the freezer. TONIGHT WE FEAST.
A much needed sight tonight
Dam RIPPED INTO & the #Heat #Lebron on totally loved it!!! Pacers could do this
Kamo yelling, "gala" real loud after missing third basket in a row.
Dipping our feet in the pacific ocean today, it's a first for most of us : )
the 19, but the party starts the 18th, that Friday night
I'm bowling in Ohio. Everyone Tebows when they get a spare or strike. Maybe I'll stay. . .
Join recruithighschool.com for free post highlight tapes and photos for free
Sure RT : do you guys take song suggestions through twitter??
OnAAir to donate Flat screen TV to an orphanage in Baja CA. as part of the BLUE-C / Wahoo's Baja 1000 Support Run
you're welcome! Oh wow that shows how observant I am lol, ill definitely check them out!! :)
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Does everything really get better or do we just learn to put blinders on and deal?
Today is Suggest a Friend day! Promote the UMKC Alumni pages on Facebook and Twitter. Do you know alumni that are missing out?!
"she doesn't get on facebook because it's inorganic" spoken like a pro.
And of course I miss my other baby mama LMFAO :)
Next gig is Friday February 24th at Red Eyed Fly show kicks off at 9!
Success is my number one goal in this game called "LIFE".
getting a full night of sleep would be nice, but probably is not gonna happen ....
well you should aleast take not of the advertisers so there money wasn't wasted, carry on!!!
Thanking God for another's mother days with my mom(:
Garland Thompson shows unsettling photos of Nazi gas chambers for killing people w/disabilities. Used to perfect tech later used in camps.
Tomorrow night i'll be spinning w ! It's gonna be crazy
Rad! RT Taking the #Railrunner for a design session for the guide - hoping to launch before the end of 2010
Hopefully I passed my test!
Don't think I'm gonna let you piss in my face and tell me it's raining.
different standards which way, though? I see girls as better able to handle the responsibility than boys of the same age.
I love singing at the top of my lungs 😁 until my neighbors yell at me to shut up😳
Alcohol is necessary for a man so that he can have a good opinion of himself, undisturbed be the facts.
New Jersey-Phoenix : New York-LA Cup final anyone?”
What about Charles Dickens cat paw letter opener at the NYPL....
Edmond de Concourt~ A painting in a museum hears more ridiculous opinions than anything else in the world.
I want to do less w/ less
lmao he's your favorite?
Hahahaha, I also looked you up and the mutual friends we have are some good friends of mine. some are at my school.
Everyone's sleep on me except my cousin like a goon!!!!
Despite popular opinion, I think 's new song #iFeelLikeDancin is actually pretty good. Come at me, bro.
Here's a mini guide to some DOOSH acronyms. DBAG: Don't Be A Gaper DBAT: Don't Be A Taper DBUNK: Don't Be UNKnowing
": it's #BOBMARLEY kinda morning..." Everybody and they mama smoke.
Just kidding...Saturday will be our big move to the new Kiss 97.3 studio. *date subject to change* lol
*SCREAMS* WHAT DOESN'T KILL YOU MAKES YOU STRONGER!
It's all about Sonya, btw.
Still at lakeside...ugh
": Beth luvs P****** ? There outed you I'm morse code."not even gonna say what came to mind 1st
I was trying to edit out your stomach growl in protools but I think it adds to the sound design.
Writers are welcome to join.
So I think I'll be moving to the West Coast in about a year. My places to live > San Diego, San Fransisco, Portland, or Seattle
I had a pet when I was 7.It was a fish named Finny.she's dead.well,I dont know is Finny a female or male.but I know I love her
Yes, it does mean that and it's working better than ever - very pleased with test runs today #Googel+
But does it give you access to the analytics too?
omg i love your background! enjoying twitter? haha
yes you did
#TennisTweetsFromBritainThatAreAccurateRT MURRAY YOU ARE ANNOYING!
<3 RT : How the fuck did Ana Steele make it to 2011 without an EMAIL ADDRESS?????
I feel like I have to do something but idk what it is
Love is like pi -- natural, irrational, and very important.
Just hit refresh on that page RT : is there a live show today Ilmy web link is showing a replay chat box?
Aha that there tho
I found a great set at Bed Bath and Beyond. Think it was Wilton. Holding up great after three years.
But rad, nonetheless!
I went to the Abbey Rd on the River Beatles Fest on the waterfront this weekend with Joe and Brian. A splendid time was had by all.
In exactly a month, I'm gonna need 30 hours worth of audiobooks for my train ride to Florida, any suggestions? YA ROMANCE LITERATURE PLOX
been a minute!
Hey stranger... want to add a blog post to madisonrealestatecareers.com ?
Dear Montana, your Chicago ads are good spend. I want to drop everything and #visitMT. Wait for me! I'll be there as soon as I can!
Our Hero got kicked out of the grocery store for having too much heart (and throwing things into baskets from 20 feet away).
Best birthday text today: "A salaam a lekem Brother Elvis. Allah's blessings upon you on this holy day. -L.F."
Life is renewed, Past is erased, it all came together, When I looked at things your way.!
Im.hi n i got Boil in my eye im touch everybody
That may be the end fix, but a long ways off from that!
#newbie diving in deeper: going from twitter-lurker to "participating in the conversation"
no prob got to follow back the fans
