Lovie Smith should quit and focus on his career as DayQuil spokesman... appropriate as he's always in a coma.
Watch Fox 2 News Detroit tonight at 5:30pm to see them interview Nancy Marshall about our new project!!
If you lie very still in bed in a hooded sweatshirt under all the covers, all your sad feelings get pulled into the threads of the sheets.
School is long and hard unless your Asian!
Moma show me how that neck feel later show me how the rest feel for now just chill-asap rocky
u just not used to this new technology
of course not.. Why? What happened?
smh......... I take back about what I said on you being friendly cuz that's the wrong word
seems there is a first for everything this season for delay..
txt me
Looking for a witty name for my wifi network. Suggestions?
don't hurt urself...it's just rock n roll dude :) live it. And tell -I'm about to go HAM. have fun over the pond!
I can't wait to see you next Saturday !
Calling Ira Glass, at this hour??!? Bold, TBTL, bold.
Dulles toll road morning traffic SUCKS!!! I'm burning up in this heated bus as we inch along.
with an "Animal Standoff" update: Either a blue heron or a pterodactyl just flew over my house. No more mixing"Terranova" and Nyquil.
Laughed so hard at that I am wide awake over here in Afghanistan.
about to make a move tht will make me fly or fall but taking risks is wat lifes about
Here we go MARQUETTE!!
that's just a pipe dream
Music time no more preaching lol
Welcome to Naptown Chuck Pagano! RT : League source tells PFT that Chuck Pagano will be the next Colts coach.
Wats up white boo!
I'm in straight party mode.
🚶🚶🚶<<== The only thing you can do to impress me
Stats seem random: I choose many 2- or 3-coin words in a row, yet my %age of 1-coins goes UP.
It's really amazing how one song can change your mood, thoughts and emotions.
Follow me on keek
AKA Heather Paige Kent. Looking great on #RHOC!!! (Went to SU with her!)
where do you teach EFL/ESL ?
Coming soon to a dock near you!
Not sure if you need reservations, but call 414-525-5635 4 more info. Hope 2 see u there!
no YOU'RE my role model!!!! Frickin Sam I haven't seen you in 17 years!!!!!!!! I need to see u!!!
so i basically quit softball. lol wut.
Lora Sasiela is having a virtual book salon tomorrow night about Women's Worth by Eleanor Blayney. Check it out at FinanciallySmitten.com
Why do I feel like I'm getting a cold? :(
Are the directions for the second skill test posted?
followed :D
thanks pa ;)
friday 4pm-6pm... hoping to find time between school & internship to fix site soon!
It's going to be tough but my digestive system will thank me later.
MLB season will start in 2 weeks
#Mayweather did his ass! but tht fight was too short!
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!! :)
Good morning
I hear you! My own moves around my house have been a regular 'Grapes of Wrath' of knit-office space acquisition.
Went to the firing range today... Those kids thought their Uzi was cool till they heard my M1 Garand! They jumped like girls!
I'm too old to be partying like this... Happy birthday to me!
unsat! Id pay more for better service. Im done with Delta.
on my way to work
damnit I totally forgot! Some fan I am haha
It's better than NC though
Ghetto people are always naming their kids after stuff they cant afford: Mercedes, Bentley, Pearl, Light Bills.
Up at 4:00 because I'm excited about #iedge today at UW...and the baby wanted a bottle.
- it was great seeing you there! We making waves, peeps just don't know it yet. Haha
Doing great where you from
Making chili and cheese hot dogs for #mondayfunday tonight! It will be just like being at the ball park!!
Unions organizing rally against Wisconsin governor
You just inspired a post on our blog. Thanks
HA! “: Mac: I hope Tim Miles knows the proper colors to wear when we play North Dakota State.”
My mom bday n birthday is way to close...may 11 may 13
Thanks to everyone that stepped into our living room tonight! It was a blast!
- I don't know. We'll have to wait and see.
People piss me off so much sometimes
Classical music on the way to school. Now that's pimp lol
Getting ready to upload some product to the website...any special pieces you'd like to see?
Outlets con mi madre :D
Dr. Maurice Watson of Macon, GA will explore Tuesday – Day of Teaching.
I was wondering what the cat on the cover had to do with anything.
Today is Monday day one of training I know I'm actor and comedian but I got a passion to box u only live once
cant call it... aint heard from ya!!!
i swear the dude that was just sticking Wade is probably still standing at that spot
dead on analysis. maybe it's to help the rest of them as well
dunna! havent even seen ya since primary school
Beautiful day in the #southwedge #roc - car wash, check!
Irony: Stan Van Gundy will probably make it through the entire #Magic season. Dwight Howard (obviously) will not...
Feeling pretty threatening these days.
haha, too cute! I think I would be doing the same! Hope you are fabulous, lady! Miss ya.
- are you the one who won the free t-shirt from streaker sports?? Random tweet I found when looking for your new work handle
w00t! Well deserved!
I’m working in Moscow & tweeting on I think this is the first time a NASA tweet has come from here. Cool.
God, I haven't been on Twitter in such a long time, I think I forgot how to tweet.
Like "damn girl, Ima be a muthafuckin' doctor. Save lives n' shiiiiit"
Popcorn! Band! Pandora's Box w/ live score starts in 10 minutes!
might be a little far 😉- satellite Dj? Could start a new trend
imyyyyyy you more!! I've been lost//: my apologies!!
Yay! RT : Balloons launching to the west
See you in June!
is the way to go!!
RT : Can't help but wait.
Cats or Cards?
Bryzgalov must translate to Laundry in Russian, with how often the flyers are leaving the man out to dry
Rayce has to win this! WOW!
Bullpen.....WTFFFFFFF. shame on the front office,and the pitchers.
Would you rather have a really deep voice or a squeaky one?
Brb, gonna go take a hot shower. It's like a normal shower, but with me in it. ;)
Let's start subtweeting. Go!
Ugh. The future of media looks like bleak.
Getting my Twitter situation settled.
#snl is so funny! haha greek god of finance!
You picked us up over a year ago - I think we're overdue for a repeat. Name the date for a tasting! .
i love you too!<3
Barbara Tuchman~ To a historian libraries are food shelter and even muse.
Lmboo that deserves a mic toss to the neck! Smh
I need me a SUPER FREAK!!!
#AskAustin what's ur hat size?!?
": ive accepted jose tabata as my lord and savior." Who hasn't?
Autism Awarenss... I read this as Austen awareness and wondered at the debates that would provoke!
idk what happened, but I just got this tweet lol I'm sorry
what it do fam?
So uh... I hear you do a great impression of me ;)
How's he gonna take his fan posters?! What's gonna happen to him and the crew? :/
the fireplace and front door lol
thanks dude
Watched another crazy movie, Robbin said the book was even more disturbing - 'Let's talk about Kevin.' Damn. (with Robbin)
Whoot! Text me :)
Thank you! to bad i have basketball so they come off soon ):
Jamie Moyer at 49 and almost 1/2 years, becomes the oldest pitcher in MLB history to win a game.
“Betrayal is never easy to handle and there is no right way to accept it.” ― Christine Feehan
please notice me!!! please 15
I have found my kryptonite and it goes by the name cheese danish.
Still can't believe the venerable NYC club, Limelight, is now a mall.
aw your uke friday made my heart smile YAY for the return of Uke friday!
well, that's disappointing. I straight loved LAST LIFE
Asma #Assad, the "real dictator", ever heard what happened to Marie Antoinette?
First some1 told The TGIF shirt was sold out. then i change the shirt to Red PRIME and use the buy 1 get 1 free but only 1 shirt
RT : We will be at the MWC regular season champion SDSU women's basketball game tonight. Will you be there?
Use the bricks people throw at you to build a castle.
Huh. Interesting...
Wow ... We finished right on time at 11:24 ! Average team pace at 6:59 !
Happy birthday
It got cool again, so today I'm wearing a vintage looking sweater from Nine West and my new Hudson Jeans Devon bootcuts. How 'bout you?
Followed For you!! xoxo. Plz follow:D
I'm really sleepy
haha i can see your entertained xD
Thanks for the shout out!! It was a great crowd :>
Congrats! That's so awesome. Proud of you!
I HAD EVERY REASON!
Amazing weekend with my sister! I'm happy.
: "DON'T TALK TO ME! I'M WATCHING DOWNTON ABBEY!"
Definitely need a beer.
“We are very careful about what features we add because we can't take them away.” ~Steve Jobs
PLEASE TEXT " A" TO 79922
Great coverage on today's small business financing forum in #Riverside; shout out to !
#GossipGirl date tonight!
movie was a disappointment but the music was great (Moody Blues 'Nights in White Satin' over the opening credits was brilliant)
Also difficult: Resuming gym habits, ending fast food gluttony.
En route to Phoenix to take a look at the Arizona Connections Academy. Can't wait to hang out with their awesome admins and teachers!
Real life is funnier than fiction.
dm me ur number i dnt have it and it would be good to hear ur voice again, and i see ur all over the map like usual
You told me it was during school:(
Know a school or company that isn't a member of ACUTA but should be? Email Amy Burton, , with member recommendations!
They've always taken res on Fridays, they just really overbook. Be early - trust me.
Yep lol the future is very scary we going to be screwed
Writing new material.
YOOO! People need to brush their fucking tongues, LOL.
Dear God. This plane is microscopic. Joy.
phill's ice house. Excellent buns.
Astonished that original "Team USA" story is not on list. "Miracle" (2004) about USA Hockey team and coach Herb Brooks.
Sky Eats Airplane + Of Mice & Men + Djent = Glass Cloud
It's official
Jesus: Children you do not have much time before I come to Judge.
The more you select only the colors that look great on you, the better chance you will have of creating a #wardrobe you absolutely love.
Okay. So I'm dying listening to Cody sing Beautiful People /:
Finally a night to just relax <3
attendance but you get my drift??
Thanks for the like on FB! This is my personal account and you sound also connect with
#ToastAnyDayNowAfterJune5 RT Huh, #perpwalker not trending yet? That's okay, I can wait. Hahahahaha!
aw thanks so much!
that's never good. Gb might take over like in the movies. Like spider man
Have a good time. Will be watching from home.
#thatkid that sings aerosmith on the bus...
Finally done with my math staar ^—^
Thanks! :) Xo
and we you. Have a great evening. I've enjoyed hearing your tweets.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings
I just saw ppl booing and stuff
I'd have a hard time responding politely, too -- library= free, so how much more free do you need???
Toaster ovens.
Wireless access now available in the Stacks Tower at Thompson Library - for your studying convenience.
haha, thanks. yeah, a hand washing over achiever i am NOT.
My plan to leave the NC Democratic party in shambles when I leave office seems to be working!
Change does not necessarily mean death of something. In most cases it's all about "survival". We evolve in order to survive. -Rio
today's weather-appropriate activities: reading poetry, making soup, snuggling with cats. check. check. check.
Going to bed.. dont feel good. Night.
Go follow&tweet if you want your name in a book she's giving to Cody! Only the first 10 people will get in!
He dont want you
will do
Would you prefer I pay you in pesos or food stamps?
thanks sister
How do you eat healthy while on the road? Shoot... Idk what to eat.
Forget your job description. Be willing to extend yourself. Add value. Help others.
thanx for the follow
ahahahahahahahaha maybe it has more than 1 use? “ It kinda looks like a dildo that you curl your hair with haha”
thank you bud. I appreciate it.
what did you focus on during your workout? What is sore?
We don't, but that would be a great service to offer.
hey lady! How's the script coming along?📝 I know there's a part for me, right?😜
Blasting The Weeknd because these reffs keep blasting reggeton
please strongly consider to be next President of the He's qualified, driven, ready.
It's tragic really...
When is it my turn to have a cute relationship?
If not controlled, work will flow to the competent man until he submerges.
Awesome day of travel with - met a ton of great Dems too
Getting up for SCS in the morning is not worth it anymore #wasitever?
Do not let someone else try to define you. God's got you!!!!
(there's a new iPad coming out ... tho I was on the site for a much less exciting acquisition)
been there. Completely understand. But at least it gives you guys to root for when things are tough: like Pedroia, A-Gon, Cody Ross
How long has she been that guy's girlfriend?
Quite delicious, if I do say so myself ;) You should take a drive up to give it a try!
Of course I run into people I know in the streets of Paris.
RT The rate of work-related injury 4 construction workers higher than the national average U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics
happy early birthday!!! 21, you better get white girl wasted. :-)
cheers bro!
well twitter i am back i just got home from a b-day party very fun and the hole time i missed my bf! :(
want the shoes for $80.
New media literacy includes students as producers, vs. just users, of information. Joyce Valenza
Keep up your great work Afropop! You are playing some of the finest music in the world -- sadly not well-discovered. here as yet.
Good job Grant!
congrats on winning the Tarheel tournament this past weekend in LA...great job coach!!!keep it up
"Woody's world.. was one where speaking truth to power was not futile." He tried to answer Hank Williams' question.
(building off of ): Internet's cybergeography as queer space w/queer temporality of multiple presents
non-productive day again smh
Amendment to preview post. They're not PeeHeads. Mom now calls them PeeBlossoms. I didn't ask. I don't want to know. I'm just the messenger.
#HowImGRAND No matter what I saty stron and don't hurt myself(:
thank you so much :-)
funny stuff lol
What kind of offcers would you like to see samplesaint offer?
Bear hugs from are the best... At crushing your lungs! D:
Amen to that.
I doubt it. He also ended dont ask dont tell.
we didn't have a quiz last Friday so all of that is fair game I'm assuming
Can't wait to see what you have coming up!
Me: OMG GIVE ME YOUR HAND ON THE 22ND. My mom: How much do you wanna bet he'll ask Katelyn to marry him then? *fangirl heart breaks*
I love that it is starting to get warm out!
I can't RT because your tweets are private :)
TOLEDO! We're playing with April 25th, at Frankies Inner City!!! Get your tickets from us!!!
its all good :-) i know tat wen its ttat early n people.talk to me i fall asleep lol
Every comment you've made about the facility says you're happy, but arent' we nearly where outgrows Jeld-Wen?
That is so kind of you to say, thank you! The feeling is entirely mutual :) Now, how do I make that tweet my ultimate favorite...
TWit me if you know peeps in Rome, NY. I need shoppers. *sigh* I'd rather go canoeing in the finger lakes, but. . .
Pray in groups & keep the focus on God. Praying together w someone of the opposite sex can lead to intimacy not intended.
you're out school now?! :D
i really hate when people lie!
Very impressed with the quality & taste of the food presented today at the allergy friendly brunch hosted by &
When u high noodles are so nasty
dude I'm jealous
spent the night re-reading a 6 yr old 188 pg hybrid experimental novel I wrote in grad school thinking of sending it out to publishers again
Justin Long would make a better Steve Jobs. Plus, he isn't plagued by dinosaur sex scandals.
Oh, Strasbourg! Lucky you. :)
Congratulations Chris ! Stay humble.
Oh, gosh, my stomach just made a noise that sounded remarkably like thunder. Really looking forward to eating people food again.
If you had a great childhood, express your gratitude for it by helping other children have one free of violence & free of sexual abuse.
Softball season opener tonight at 7. It's raining. I can throw 7 strong in the slop.
i really love all my followers. you guys rock :D
Glad to hear it! I enjoy the ViaMe platform.
You're welcome. Have a good week!
Yay for the NEW FLOOR!
FREE FLIP HD CAMERA! Follow to get yours! Luv these guys!
Hope it works :)
#inspired by 's _Hey Vodka, It's Me Chelsea_. A #hilarious memoir is in the works... now!
Super sore from Zumba Toning yesterday! I love working new muscles.
My dog really enjoys eating moose nuggets.
I have officially made speech therapy fun - the siblings are all asking for Say-N-Play! Better articulation for everyone!
hahaha one year he named some bitch "tree" i loved that shit.
We'll see. I've been keeping photos and notes as I go. If this whole indoor garden thing works like I want, I'll do the blog.
Happy Thanksgiving!
you played a pretty solid game of Bellagio 2/5 NL. Live micro grinder?
an equally dangerous activity!
i gotta go bye and plz fllow me or
“: ah perfect! Well i like your red shoes” Thx I also have blue,purple,and green
PLEASE say more about this Diane.
Edited book reviews sent off.
I'm in, counting on you to keep me informed about D-town! Hope you are great!
I think we will. I think you make a product for the need now. No plan for years down the road.
leaving las vegas, didn't lose a dime
it's seriously better than CSI
Hahaha that's awesome
There really is nothing better than chilling out in bed watching movies all night with my love
i have a good christmas. didn't feel like christmas though.
RT : #FF - thanks for the #unstoppable support
On the road. Ready to get shit started
I was watching Dream Catcher at very tense part when the electricity in the entire area goes out. Perfect timing.
You make so much since. But you're right, it's past your bed time. Good night, asshole.
WILLOW! Who knew?! So happy to see you!
where in europe
Im in such a good mood.
I just found my wife's g-spot. Turns out its at the bottom of my wallet.
#blackpeople do you by sunscreen? No? Not even if you're going to be in the desert for 3 days? I dunno if I need it or not
oh the comments you see while monitoring a brand's Twitter account. Thank you, crazies, for keeping it interesting
#YouGettinPunchedIf Im in the Studio Working on a Song & U Come in Freestyling Some Bullshit
Who puts on a shirt when you are soaking wet Jack????
and Let the fans pick 10 topics to debate. I am suggesting all-star weekend. can moderate.
#Who is the best team in the NFC at the moment? #Falcons, #Eagles, #Bears, #Giants???
Tonight, I get my car and my dog back! It's been a long week without them
Wish my life was like the movie Grease it seems so fun!
they so spoiled but so cute!
- best i can tell Spreewell was $23.7 million over three years remaining.
Hello. How's your evening?
so how do you wanna go?
Awww your heart is broken isn't it ?
Mark your calendars. April 1 is our grand opening.
I eat cereal for dinner because I defy all the conventional norms of society
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!:)
Zoo-wee Mama. Hahaha
I been about a dollar like 99 cent
hey realizing that the greats who went before you are a little...odd sure makes it less nerve wracking to apply for jobs!
venturing out to brooklyn to see
Are you in Green Bay for camp with the Packers???
Yall should see Lil Mama on #ABDC , she must be Trayvon Martin
Seriously - how amazing is Jessica Sanchez on American Idol??? That girl can sing.
me too! Its a good thing bc when we get old we'll look like were in our 20s haha
I agree that both are important to show...good point coach!
Yo philly everyone that gets the ball they shoot smh no passing or nothing!!!
Adapted Screenplay goes to... The Descendants
is dead.
I never had the chance to thank you for the wonderful business advice and #professional #business #coaching! Thank you.
never tried bacon in the crust but my wife makes an excellent bacon Apple pie! The trick is candy the bacon first.
Here’s your reminder: Taxes are due next Tuesday, April 17. “Like” this if you are procrastinating and filing this week.
RT: CA Gov. Brown, smiling, at SF presser: "I don't read the WS Journal. If it's not in the Chronicle or the Bee, I don't know."
The hype is real them cool grey 12s are disgustin
bwahaha! man, i'd like to know the average yearly income of recreational marathon runners...bet it is easily $65K+
that's what I like to hear
Watching....u looked great!
I hate waiting on people, I have to go to work!
Looking for Chi Tech Writer who knows InDesign and has built furniture from IKEA, for a ST project. Bilingual: Spanish would be good too.
Heat? What heat? Oh yeah.
ms doubt fire
My friends always make things better❤
#InTheSummer I wanna be so drunk I won't I remember half of it ;)
Rise and shine hope you have a great day ♥
Great tip!! RT : Be sure to bookend workouts with healthy meals or snacks to get the most out of them
Haha love it!! Any chance you'll be in Philly for PBLI this weekend?
The easiest way to stop giving a fuck, is to never start.
Join us for the 2nd annual Paige Haas Benefit this Sun, Sept 26 at Noon. More info: www.thescreaminggoat.com
hating cardiology more by the minute
Lol, I wish. But I'm too in love with iPhones <3 I'd miss it too much. Plus, I get a new phone in January anyways.
finally can eat some real food tomorrow....girl scout cookies here i come
Ignorant people never truly understand anything.
ok, that is fair enough. He does have a pretty sick name though.
who the hell is Joan Isaac Cuenca Lopez on Barca?
This weekend at UPC Cinematheque: THE PRINCESS AND THE FROG Thu-Sat at 7 PM, and UP IN THE AIR Thu-Sat at 10 PM w/ matinee SATURDAY at 2.
#fridayreads re-reading Beguilement by Lois McMaster Bujold (love it!) and starting Red Prophet by Orson Scott Card
BEST AT ACL
Back to some more therapy today.
RT " When given the choice between desserts order all of them!"....nice :-)
That sounds like an interesting way to start off the day.
according to a bunch of dm's a lot of peop,e are saying bad things about me. ;)
These weak as Lakers are done. Stick a spork in these niggas.
#Yankees with an amazing comeback at Fenway!
make sure to get out there. It was amazing. Nothing like hooking up with packer fans on the other side of the world
So is ny ready for irene IM NOT that bitch has GOT TO GO lmaooo
BS, Beckham pushed him off the base
syd. Your birthday is in November.. And its dylan holland
Dolly Parton should perform "I will always love you" at the Grammys
Isn't it crazy! It gets me every time as well. Simple yet hilarious.
Don't forget to watch the #Billboard_Music Awards coming up on Sunday, May 22nd on ABC!
I'm still in shock I mean really that quick but its a good and happy shock!
These cheeseheads trying to cover Nirvana on #thevoice ... shows you how original cobain was...
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
Got to school 2 hours late today talk about
i don't think the sony 4k resolution blu-ray unit BDP-S790 unit will come out this ever if so when?
wish I was there! Have fun guys!
Can't sleep. 4am if I get up animals will want to start the day silently singing songs lalalala
Hey Mags! I'm takin over Twitter. Thx for everything! Would you RT our coupon? Thanks! The other magneticpix chix
truth, Where is the big and tall section, little people?
Everyone at South Hills Audi would like to wish you and your families the best during this holiday season and safe travels this weekend!
Awesome to see here ... when will Chase the Bat Dog join up?
utes will give you good news,Don't read if u cant 4ward ..God has seen you struggling with something. God says its over. A blessing is comin
Music makes me think about things I would never think of
my android is craving #instagram. It's almost here!
Christian Marclay's Clock screening this weekend at LACMA!!
is awesome! Thanks for the follow
my 140 character limit can not get anywhere close to what you mean to me. I Love You. ❤💓❤
I'll try and fix my grammar mistakes.
A drop in the ocean a change in the weather I was praying that you and me might end up together!
i heard we were playing hoop in austin...is that still on?
Looks like #HeavenFest is filling up! Who did u come 2 see today?!
lol Sheesh...Already giving me a hard time. Imagine when we actually unofficially tie the knot. Hell on Earth!
Want them to talk about terrible fundamentals, $1.12/user, poor mobile, etc? Talk of Facebook's IPO Roadshow: Zuckerberg's Hoodie
If you want to be loved, you've got to love other people.
There is a diversity of levels of awareness and concern, degrees of pacifism. I think MIC is a good starting point, however
Yes, I'm blessed. Glad you are blessed in being a parent!
The day I turn 18, it's goin down
Clients are looking at many different ways for lawyers/law firms to create values. AFAs are a piece of the puzzle.
Broadway Theatre Center to Host Unprecedented Open House Friday, July 29, 2011 from 5:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.
If it's later tonight at Red Door, then I am game.
Ever walk the streets of Paris listening to new tracks you made and feel like the world bless you?
Technical difficulties please stand by. Meeting should start momentarily.
Shopping with the mommy :-)
right?! That's what I was thinking
Anniversary wknd: Fri nite Sounders game, slept in cuz is at Gma's, Distillery visit & lunch, dog park. Next: Le Gourmand!
bittersweet indeed.
who doesn't?
Good Morning.....and much more importantly.....Good Night!
I have some pretty dope shoes
RT : "I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done." Lucille Ball
Everyone go follow #FOLLOWHIMNOW!
what doesn't kill you makes you strongerr
"You know he's going to forget you after he graduates, right?"...worse thing I heard today. Thanks so called 'friends'. :/
What baby is that?
I'll make him an offer he can't refuse - The Godfather, spoken by Al Pacino
RT The Giant in the Wheelchair I: It's Out. It's REALLY Out. goo.gl/fb/Fbgpj
Go #RMsports! RT : What came first; the chicken or the egg? RM Victories or RM Fan Support? Athletes Support Athletes. Be there.
Rest in peace Ben Koier, such an amazing person. You always taught me to live life to the fullest and stay true to me. Love you bud.
Hey miss dance alot. They just come out of last fire. On this next week for you.
obviously I understand why that's actually not so funny, but it's a chuckle-worthy phrase. :P
How to make more people care/notice/spend money, even when nothing of any significance is happening--relevance beyond worth.
One day in Portales, a woman lay unconscious; a barn burned; an alarm rang. Next day, a cat lay dead; another alarm shrilled into the dusk.
I love you much more
That was a frustrating game that the US should have clinched in the first half.
The garbage disposal took it over the top.
thanks you guys!
Truth is stranger than fiction! ": I wish normal things happened to me but the things that do happen beat all the normal things."
On my grind finishing up what needs to be DONE #CollegeBound :)
Doh! How could I not think of those totally valid reasons?
Going to practice shagging balls with Dom Brown. He so silly. Be Back Later.
waitn for my sis to get home from skewl !!!
Got to live life or life isn't worth living
Best bumper sticker: my brother is autistic and he is badass.
Whats a good ass night for you?
join us Justin lol
I want to send kids in Africa copies of the hunger games so they know what real struggle is about
coincidence? i think not! thanks for leading the charge.
You still dont follow my tweets?
Damn Friday night was wild as fuck..I needed that. School tomorrow tho -__-
I have no clue, maybe your getting to much of a boner over Twitter, I guess
*falls asleep* RT This morning's motivational music was provided by Katy Perry.
Tuts+ Premium is the more start-to-finish training, where net.tutsplus is little tutorials on how to do specific things
Dogs make lousy poker players. When the get a good hand they...wag their tails.
USA!!!!! Justice finally served!
- congrats on all the success and media coverage! WE LOVE BarrysBootcamp San Diego!
I've already cut it down 4 times!!!
I want to meet in Columbus again. Soon.
Happiness is running into for an impromptu walk through Adams Morgan. Highlight of my day!
I feel ya! I have a Broker License exam tomorrow for FINRA/SEC
- aww, thanks! Right back at ya' sister!
I agree w this! :) cool 4 sharing!
HAHAHAHA. *loses mind*
CANDIDATES, the FREE review will be discontinued at the end of this month:
Leah says,"Let me get you drunk". Happy Hour all day!
...that's a single and a two-base error for Green? That doesn't make sense.
Its sad to know that kerry collins is retiring, and I think after Steve Mcnier,Collins is the best QB Tennessee ever had.
Had a dream that a Chipotle was being built on my street. In Istanbul.
lol! Sounds like an entertaining morning!
Go ahead and mail me one of those so I can give it a listen to make sure they pressed it properly.
Adventure Run this Thursday night at #Greenlake ! We're hosting the after party - featuring $1.50 pints!!
I want another tattoo... Hhmmm maybe the tree of life going up my side?...
Someday I'm going to prove everyone wrong.
will do. Becky put it together and based it on reenactment camp and battlefield set up... will provide some feedback.
Forgetting what lies behind I press on... May I be forgetful and able to focus on today!
we all gave so much money to the Little Sisters of the Poor
(In my rick ross voice) I love my bitches
Just had my memory refreshed on why I LOVE JOHNNY DEPP.
- I was thinking weekday, but weekends might work. What would work better for you? I'm on Mountain Time, 2 hours behind EST.
i seriously shouldn't be allowed to handle anything hot, i always fucking burn myself.
Just trying to sort out my life.
you should do one!!
Happy 22nd birthday to my little bro, . Love you. I won't even say stay out of trouble on your bday trip. Just don't get caught.
u'll b sitting there for ur work. RT : Can't wait 'til your turn comes! Will you get me a gig as a seat holder? :-)
Up already though
Somehow cam log missing with no help from cam crew, wht the f#%!. Thx goodness Joe is our Visual effects guy who can improvise.
Tomorrow night I just want someone to keep me company while I do nothing.
YES, for sure!
In about 2 hours my lil sis is gunna go into kidney surgery.... Good luck:-[
Also, I need more opportunities in my life to use the phrase "telegenic dons"
Bought a Lenovo laptop in April.
“: I want a frostly lifestyle crew neck so bad where do you get one ?!?!”
Still so strange to say I am 16 years old!! Not much different about me. I still LOVE what I am doing...singing and songwriting, YAY!
My 3 Words for 2012: Listen, Share and Experience.
I had Hot Wing Ravioli, mom PastaPrimavera, G/F PastaPrimavera with chicken, dad SpaghettiandMeatball. All very good!
I can't believe I've warmed up to Kim Z from RHoA-actually liking Don't be Tardy for the Wedding
Love your Hair for the rest of your life Salon Ramsey www.salonramsey.net 404.841.1499
House: vendors should be on the list to do business in the state, and watch for regular updates
Mac Miller Shares Story of Meek Mill Friendship, Confusion Over Names
Thanks for RTs!!!
Sitting through first appearances is depressing.
I need some nude colored lipstick before Saturday
A couple of Mt Vernon Favs: Helmand (Afghanistan Cusine), Iggies pizza, Brewers Art, Sasha's (closeish to the Hippodrome)
You get in my way while I'm tryna get mine & I'll bump you
RT : I favor the separation of church and hate.
Agreed. It's not just the sound engineers, it's everyone who is even remotely aware of sound technology.
Hahahahaha RT : clippers gear is still available for purchase in la. it's never too late
I want pics! RT : My dad got his first tattoo last week, and got his second two days later. Both on his neck. What a bad ass.
Pretty excited to hear speak tonight at Chicago Theological Seminary.
new 👨 also
not ready for overtime
: Nothing wrong with the Lakers and nothing wrong w/me...just going to take us lil' longer to win this series than we thought
Being able to visit my boyfriend on lunch breaks >
I hope you're going to poke your head in on Thursday and Friday.
hi I'm actually on...so yeah c:
in sunny new offices in WV. Decals on window today! working on bankruptcy schedules. Heading to Wheeling 4 West Liberty Entrepreneur event.
"& I hope he thinks I'm cool, too." Lololol
BREAKING NEWS: Chinatown Small Biz, Asian-American, and Community Groups File Appeal to 11th Hour Walmart Building Permits
Love Robert Flores on #Sportscenter opening today, "Hello to all watching me on big screen tv ur about to buy at your fav electronic store!"
Really hoping that this day flies by!?
Fear Factor >
Studio going in
There would be no way I would let a presidential candidate pick up and kiss my baby. Especially Gingrich.
I put ellipses but actually don't know what I think of that. It just seemed like the girl loved books & would probably write them some day.
Thanks for the RT!
thanks so much! appreciate the twitter promotion! :)
And that's why I tell bad Hockey fans to watch the #NBA. Get out of our sport & go watch something simplistic.
Hi...are you creating a directory?
Band practice later then home for some amityville horror. Scare me ryan reynolds!
Thought the concert started in an hour. It started 45 min ago. Ok then.
I owe BIG TIME.
NEED 400 FOLLOWER BY MONDAY
You "force" me to upload a video? Who are you Hiro Nakamoro? hehehehe we
Just got the nicest compliment from one of our past guests. We've been very lucky to interview some wonderful folks on the podcast.
Starting today off with coffee and muffins :) such a good combo...
gudmornin twitter ppl!!
I bet its all goodie one day imma have a Granola bar and u go want some and imma say No :-(
Its raining in Fort Worth!! ;) #finally rain #thank God
know what?
The less you know the better..
Need to sleep but no one will let me
many thanks for the follow! It's so cool to connect with others interested in the same stuff but working in different fields.
Hey ! Fix your unsubscribe page. Stop sending your crappy SPAM !!
inspired by #saa11 haikus. wrote one for my session but didn't air it. Reach beyond borders/to advance an agenda/for the common good.
Lol sad RT : he'll yea i ain't got no energy tonight
Getting on Facebook. But this never happens.
sounds good!
Fist in the air! RT : #LGBT Activists urge to put pen to paper on Workplace Protections
overdose x jamie foxx .
They're not.
Wow! The last 3 days have been an absolute dream!!! And that was just the first half! here we come!! <3
it's just so brutal around here, nothing is working. Between mold and tree I should just live in a bubble
Don't complain about grading 100 essays over the weekend. You assigned them.
Thanks and keep supporting
Lol Wow! :) That is totally a God given talent. #Amazing Keep up the good work! ;)
Like It Now BELIEBER
I have a whole entire playlist dedicated to Drake... 😏 👍
Sorry for the delay, Got long Gold at 890, added at 810
Happy anniversary We share the same wedding date
We can't wait either...:)
apparently you've died multiple times.
In the middle of the packing/loading process. Who says moving can't be fun. Um, well, I do. I'll miss you Boston, you grumpy old codger.
shit noobs say, why? Do you still not have enough clips for the YouTuber video?
Success for Managers is: Time to help my own people realize who they can be, not just what they can do.
the average man falls in love 7 times before he gets married
Just borrowed the camp truck , took old rusted roofing, etc. to the dump, er, transfer station. Always fun. Organized, recycled.
Sounds like me and light skinned heauxs instagrams... 😂😂😂
Jethro to sponsor Extreme Bass Tour 2012. Good luck on the Big O this weekend. Free Jethro Bait wil be given to all Contestance
and we got each other on math and English
wtf is the deal with politicians from NY?
Take you to an island no not revis
Every role Liz has ever played. She did it so perfectly. She's exactly who I want to be.
Time vortex!
There's an old Chinese saying that I just love. "The temptation to quit will be greatest just before you are about to succeed"
All fanny packs are now hipster fanny packs. It's like saying "hipster trucker hat" or "hipster shitty beer"
looks like the launch may be delayed
You can get Florense announcements on our Twitter page! Follow us
Coach, Cam Johnson's sack-fumble recovery may be the most spectacular defensive play in UVA football history. Wahoowa!
Reminiscing w/ Snook about living with and wondering at the same time how this place never burned to the ground.
where are you sitting? I'm at the bar ne xt to the scoreboard
Awesome day at the Business Expo with Getting involved with local business is the way to go!
Thanks! Will look forward to your contributions!
But I just can't bring myself to teach a session on email etiquette in a history of theory course, so I just silently judge.
The little engine that could?
#ad2dc Group thoughts on Volkswagon Dog ad: disconnect.
WHOA. #mindblown. Think Mamacita's learning? 😉
hahahaha how is good ole' EC?!
Back in the game again. Just booked 08/28 Mastering The Audition seminar in Dallas. TV season is coming up. Are u ready?
21+ the move in DC tonight is CURRENT 1215 Connecticut AVE NW DC Email FULL NAMES 2 w/ Current as subject
Ahh, blasting Hollywood Nights on Beautiful night in Rochester!
hell yeah stalkers gotta go !
Thank you again for the follow. I've had to stop at 16 piercings because girlfriend says I am spoiling my beauty ^_^
Ugh.. don't swing at that Jeter!
please follow!
This guy next to me on the bus keeps clearing his throat...makes me want to punch him in the throat!
who's your favorite member of 1D
NA I'm not up for the challenge ^__^
Our apologies, but phones and internet are down at the office today. Verizon is on the case, so hope to be back up later today.
Comes with the era. Thought the take on it was a lot of fun compared to the others of its time.
Thanks to Matt Birk, , Jeff Schultz, , and Charley Toomey for joining , !
Watching movies chillin
Brendan never called........
Ceremony in Bailey's Harbor; Reception in Egg Harbor. Kitchenette would be ideal, but price is obviously a factor.
Probably an honest mistake when keying in the amount. I'd let it go this time. If it was larger or happens again there...
That could be arranged! Text me!!
Jennifer Rhorer! Thank you so much for the helping hand! <3
Great space at the Standard Grill - and I like the lobby decor - still am amazed by the Highline...
So ready to sleep in tomorrow :) and "study."
BAM. That's a bunker-busting truth bomb that goes as deep as the soul can.
Just woke up from a slightly too-long nap and I don't feel terrible.
That's awesome! Congrats, Koes!
If you are looking your ideal jobs in Georgia. You are in the right place Urecruitme LLC.
$FBCD Vol ALERT from yesterday still going strong...
Enjoyed your latest blog post. Any chance you can change the comments area so it doesn't have to connect to another app?
In an attempt to appeal to the common American and show a more human side to his campaign, Romney has announced his running mate: Joe Buck
Hey, did you get a chance to checkout true colors i sent?
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE
It’s never too early to talk to your kids about strangers. Teach them to never allow someone to enter the home without an adult home!
its a boy cigars
ROAD TRIP.(: WITH MY TEDDYBEAR(:
that's also an important aspect. Know that can help price products/services better, and possibly have incremental pricing.
sm unicorn h same meaning as smh but added "unicorn" puts the speaker higher above the other. There4, making them more dominant.
Why does Mississippi State have so much talent and be that terrible? Umass is handling them at home!
- Glad to see you will be at #ASTD2012...Yukon is too - we'll stop by to say hi in person. :)
:-) thank you Chris...we'll catch up at Pod Camp!
Making cookies for tonight's stitch-n-bitch. Step 1: open box of frozen dough...
Why is it, that no matter how hard you work, it is never good enough for any one else, and they don't appreciate how hard you work?
We're all blessed with the same 24hrs in a day. Yet some accomplish way more than others.
he gives us demerits for laughing during silent lunch -__- dymbass freshies(:
Happy birthday
I think that I half all his hitsongs
Shouts out 2the 9,500 lazy, tax-mooching, newspaper-reading, rubber-room dwelling, burden-on-society union teachers!
- #DamonNaked is a hot topic!
when you and alex went #hatting!(:
totally going for 2 layers of cashmere tomorrow
Thank you! ;)
Come give our froyo a try, we always have at least two sugar free flavors on tap!
If you like #Downtonabbey rent Upstairs Downstairs and/ or The Duchess of Duke Street.
"The Bridge on the River Kwai" (1957)
"People asking me, how do I know what I believe? Well I'm not the same me."
Even MORE sad now :(
It's National Kiss Day, which is actually a whole lot better than dadada.... #Fridaythe13th. Be careful out there Tweeters!
I want to thank everyone who took times out of their precious lives to check out my channel and videos.
Neil Walnock sucked anyway!
let go kevin harvick it my birthday get a win for me on sunday
Have a great trip! Hope to see you soon.
I know that feeling:) I liked a guy for 4 years and never told him! He also has a gf!:)
slow service tonight. killing me.
Home from set at 3:15AM today. Feels so early! Gonna catch up on some tv & emails & get to bed before the sun rises
work !? Ayee ! Where you work at??
I agree. Chicago doesn't seem to like logistics at all. Never had such bad cust-svc. Fedex now on unless contacted by
Hey followers: Follow - New Twitter member
Time to get down on the decks!!!
dear come to Dubai! Now!! Xoxoxo
going to be in Napa next week...anyone want to meet up for a glass of wine Friday 24th?
Just watching the vid for "Next Girl" by The Black Keys. I can't stop laughing.. god damnit. More reasons to love them.
it is also a surprisingly delicious drink.
Must of my comments aren't even about me personally, cause I'm doing great right now, just food for thought.
Good night, time for me to turn out the lights and recharge.
Yes, we ARE the REAL Poker pro Magazine! Thanks Twitter for everything :)
Packing for rhode island!(:
Don't try to equate same-sex marriage w/bigamy. Let's see you squawk about sexual abuse in the Catholic Church 1/10 as much.
#chatime allows you to choose the level of sweetner in your drink. I tried the hazelnut #bubbletea today on 80% sweetner
Great job on the film, Bully! Everyone, pls support this film! See it + sign the petition!!
the satisfaction of enjoying an "everything" bagel is immediately undone by the 30 mins of self-consciousness that follow...
Why is this such a ridiculous idea. I can see this working brilliantly.
When a client successfully lands the job, they return for another week’s worth of business-appropriates donated by supporters.
LOL - thanks! All startups need support and encouragement. Just doing my part.
It's a bit crazy but I respect it. She's just doing her own thing.
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus riders for an amazing weekend! Call now to check out our discounted summer rates! 405.447.2446 okcpartybus.com
Everybody says the first season's not as good. This means I will apparently be laughing so hard I throw up during future seasons.
ABQ ranked among 10 ‘best places to live’ by U.S. News & World Report online today. Due out in-print in the July edition. Way to go ABQ!!!
Every 40 minutes Pandora asks, "Are you still listening?" . . . It's like we're married.
we left 7 on the field with that James jones drop.
"WPT Vienna offered the biggest World Poker Tour event in history and ... for the win"-- i think you meant "biggest outside US"
RT : Just because you're single, that doesn't mean you should be unhappy in life.
Day7 of contacts-lost one for 20 min this AM. After searching all over the grimy bathroom floor, I found it stuck to the toilet seat. Win?
Sleeping in my cave. Will awaken and stomp my way over to tonight.
Glad it almost the weekend
child please i work for myself. just i'm contracted out for this one. doing paperwork @ home. #teamselfemployed lol
Acting class. Exhausted but I'm going anyway
Why can't I marry Zayn? All I want out of life is to be Mrs. Zayn Malik. :/
So do I!
RT : #citizendiplomacy needs your help: Congress proposing cutting Cultural Affairs budget. Don't let em!
Or rather, a rising tide of OOP engineers and cultural context making an idea like O even conprehensible to significant audience.
fine I won't just cause you said not too. But someone needs to tlk to him about this.cause making you cry & feel bad isn't good
Heh. :D The hermit crabs don't care if I have coffee or not!
i wonder who was the first Muslim to look at a female and go "bitch u need to cover up from head to toe"
I get annoyed by people who constantly post pictures of their food.
it aint funny unless it has a big veiny pecker in it
an add for IE? HA. NO FUCKING WAY will I use IE again. EVER.
i control d rock, call me d new jz #i luv tha joker
"If this town is just an apple... Then let me take a bite" -M. Jackson 🍎 Hello New York!!!!
First time at the #a4aChallenge? Or are you an advocacy veteran? We have policy & advocacy pre-conference sessions for everyone! See you...
Oh God! Please! Tell us what is #kerosene :)
As Congress continues to debate the new health care law, health insurance costs are still rising,
Getting my nails and toes done today :)
Happy Easter!!!
Want to be in my bed
why ruin a good thing? I'm at the top looking down!
Thanks to #BISG, #Kaplan, the presenters, and all participants for today's #Agile Content Dev Summit!
Hope you're not in any hurry to get home from school- I'm using your room/practice space to write songs for The Flips!
thanks for the follow :)
Get your waffle fix now! Our UW location is closing at today 4 and will be closed through Monday. We re-open Tuesday at 7 a.m.
Last performance Frost/Nixon at 7 pm!
We'll have a booth with our books/journals & will use #EEA12. Do stop by. what do you think?
frizzy hair :(
thank you working hard to honor them to raise money for other street dogs
it was super rude
oh hahaha... She got slapped with flour?
How true and very funny, except for the culprit, who is often relying on outdated law that no longer applies.
It's a new JENeration. (On The Floor) <3
I never implemented that. A woman's nature and biology goes far beyond my mathematical grammar.
sneaking a cigarette before the 4 pm show - the tourists are snarky today.....
awesome! I'm glad you liked it
Freestyle concert way back 90's.
awesome! Looks great!
I was so sada. I'm tweetin it up cuz my baby is a stupidhead
John Mayer Radio on Pandora... >>> Perfect when your all by yourself inna way.
How do I connect path to my twitter? I dont see how to do so anywhere on my iphone or the web site.
Maybe a new kitchen or bath for a C-mas gift. www.vcassociates.net
no funds:(
Failure is the key to success....
So what do you think about this Adele rumor...is she engaged or not?!
Looks like I'll be enjoying a day with my best friend!
I want to train with you before you leave LA!
#iUseToThink all white boys that sound black are fronting until I saw Malibu's Most Wanted lol.
"You built up a world of magic because your real life is tragic" definitely a #paramore kind of day!
Blasting while moving into my new office. Time to finally get organized.
I hate overtime but if you pay me 30+ per hour I'm here
why aren't you following me sis?
can't take an opinion serious if "like," you "like," keep saying "like" all the damn time "like," a highschool girl from "like," the mid-90s
One would think that adding money online would load to your card, apparently not. Its not like I have anywhere to go..
Know your risk: Age, gender, race/ethnicity, family history and other medical conditions can all increase your risk of heart disease.
How do I delete DM from from my account "nasty stuff about to you"? I delete & go back to check and they reappear. Can you help?
Hey . Whats up
Busy weekend with and working for Let's do this!
no i have faith in my team, we will still be a 4th or 5th seed but i know what to expect with the roster im not like..
People bitch about stealing music on the net but the truth of the matter is most bands today wouldnt even be heard of if it werent for that.
Martin Z Mollusk day in OCNJ today. Apparently the little bugger predicted an early summer for the 38th year in a row.
Wash away your mid-week blues with our Tuesday Special! One large 1-topping carry out pizza is just $4.99! Order online with PROMO – TUE499
Oh ok in that case LOL =-)
Can't wait to see my man on Desperate Housewives tonight! Yuuuummmmmyyyyy!
o you want to learn how to make Artisan Bread in your own home? Artisan Bread Workshop on Saturday, June 18 @ 10:30am
26 yr old is not the Business, but I sure as Hell will be celebrating tonight!
Despite the crazy crowd situation, the barista at the at Broadway and 75th St. NYC just made me a delicious double tall cap.
#ThingsIGetAlot "You look jsut like this girl I know."
I want to go to hogwarts
As funny as these Dorito ads are, why don't they make Doritos 3Ds anymore? Those were the best.
With doing a sunrise shoot!
Did you know I was a test tube baby? I had a woom with a view.
A Provost statement on #DH and P&T like the CIC Provost statement on #OA? Pros and cons being weighed.
I can't get over this video
good thing is my friends like zayn & louis. more haz for mmeeeeeeeeeeeee.
#Touch-just watched it again & I can't believe we have to wait till March 19 for more!
Why settle for taking medication that's not going to improve quality of life & increase the risk of negative side effects such as suicide?
I have figured out what my BLACK FRIDAY special will be! Stay tuned!!! ~Amber
RT : #ecstatic "In Living Color" coming back. Been waiting for this moment for years ...yayyyy!! ~ek
Wow. This hook is so awesome. I amaze myself sometimes
Can you pleeeasee play in buffalo this summer!
hey efe I told u rihanna is in battleship and u were like no
Good morning!
NFL Fans - come catch Packers v Giants at Whiskey Chicks - great food, great company, great drinks. 1/2 price apps with check-in!
Ur good at something! Stop focusing on ur weakness & work ur strengths on this earth! #success #secret!
If a friend can't stick by you on your toughest times in life she does not deserve to be called your friend
I have received over 10,000 #unpublished choral scores, and have performed, #recorded and published MANY of them.
Keep calm and love every second of life :)
I need Sum NEW INK!!
About to cut some bitches.
Who do you have winning for this weekend's games? Check out our freerolls and our great fantasy football games for this weekend!
“: if shes dressed head to toe in coach...shes probably a bitch. #justsayin” Bahahahahaha
W00t! Prepping for the #podcasting session at Toastmasters. Also speaking: Jeff Dance on storyteling and on great meetings.
More corn beef and cabbage. Extended St. Party's.
Altering your entire schedule to make sure your home in time for Austin's random ustream
Rock on!
Great NIT run by UMass. Next year they'll be ready to make some noise in the Big Dance.
TONIGHT: Tom Shaw on piano from 6-9pm at Max's Opera Cafe in San Francisco!
Lucey Kudos for Dorothy for praising Bob Costas interview it was had hitting and good questions we need more of that.
WHATS THE ADVENTURES FOR TODAY IF I MAY PRY?
There's no place like home, there's no place..say it....
Bosh getting manhandled inside. No call
This is crazy talk.
saw your show in chicago - in my son's words you are a "flat out beast" you were absoultely terrific- really enjoyed it
At the AFTA Convention launching Art Pulse!
Awwready!! I like the way you operate!!
School tomorrow, dont wanna learn
aww thanks! you seem sweet and your cute too btw :)
Someone mentioned they are doing repairs on the WBZ tower. and are using the choppers for that.
“: YES!!!” had pepperoni today!
cool. I'll get on there and check it tonight. I never use it normally so sorry if you have been waiting for a response :)
Can watch "My Cousin Vinnie" on endless loop "My-bio-logical-clock-is-ticking!" Her wardrobe and hair should have won Oscars, too
Only a few more days to ride the #MkeTrolleyLoop. Hop aboard today thru Sat from 11am to 10pm. Last day is Aug. 27.
Is there a synonym for homosexual that starts with an i?
was i supposed to work today?
I need that picture of Harry that's in your profile icon.
omg what did she do ???? and tell your followers to follow me plz or i wont give you the jb posters
mikey WAS so cute wen he was little but now he is just plain SEXY ;)
thanks for help with deals bar, much appreciated.
Ooh, sounds v sexy, but I'm happy where I am right now!
and i are all sentimental about leaving eau claire and graduating...
lol it's a problem now .
Tim Tebow is the cubic zirconia of the NFL.
oh shit. Where?
Phan crew ! Party hard all night ! :D
where is your mum?
Beauty is not caused. It is. Emily Dickinson
DONT FORGET !!! $1 MARGARITAS EVERY MONDAY NIGHT - SOUNDS BY DJ CHOP !!! 8800 BROADWAY- MAKE SURE YOU COME OUT !!! 18+
Lady Gaga is simply awesome
I should win. Goddamn Oscar for that kind of performance.
Hurricane one second, and sunshine the next. Thanks Florida.
Out too eat with my child grandma's sister mama & aunt & uncle missing my bby jasmine
have seen it more times than I should admit. No bad seats. For a creative, so much to take in. Feels like church to me.
Illustrator and FCP 7 open at once. Impending apocalypse - Melancholia style.
Blues jam @ Friends
Up so early :/
I see you and it warms my heart ❤
Yay! :) RT : oh raven we missed you too
Hi - It's time for the May #lxchat. This month's topic courtesy of : lighting in found spaces.
Happy pancake day Newark - from team Travail!!
Pace of life feels more manageable this week, but staying up this late means courting disaster tomorrow.
George W couldn't produce a relevant pamphlet on economic reform, much less a book.
awe how cute
Employers are required to reasonably accommodate religious belief of employee, unless doing so would impose an undue hardship
haha school and a huge shit ton of work thats piled up -__-
I can't think of a news story in the last year that I haven't heard about first via Twitter. This is apparently my primary news source.
What's your secret? :-)
will be on friday from 5-6pm est signing autographs for fans!
I still prefer to use a print thesaurus. Weird.
If i dont have an appt by 1 im leaving.
I've had people take me up on crazy shit on twitter and I've never regretted it
Hey thanks for follow and good luck with your work
At the Alma panel; surprised how many libraries use Millennium with Primo.
. #FF they do great things!
come help then<33
RT : checkout they're doing some great stuff and might make for a great talk in february.
Oh geez!
keeping up wit the JONES
I understand!
I'll check, but I see your score in our system, so I'm not sure why just yet. I'll go in and add it in the roundup right now
Talking to myself cause I'm more interesting.
ah omg let's actually do this!
yeah, easier to walk away & let the bitter "experts" rant. They were gonna blame Trotz for a loss no matter who played or sat.
take it easy on that roid freak. He's trying to make a comeback.
Awesome!!! So glad we could be a part of it!
I now officially know the video choreography of where have been! :)
thank u. that's very nice to say. :)
Well, you know it's close to #gswedding time when I change my Twitter username to Feels pretty official now
House GOP: write a transportation bill that raises gas tax, cuts ties to oil drilling and addresses needs - not ideologies. It will pass.
You can do it!
#INTHECLUBTEXT meet me by the bathroom
Could be worse. Could be Vincent Gallo...
Fat City Bitch. Fat Fat City Bitch Ten Ten Doughnuts and a Twinky Bitch. VIP Micky D's No Guest List
Knock KnockWho's there !Ammon !Ammon who ?Ammon old hand at picking locks !
Lol this auction though
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy claude~ hope you had a zentastic day <3
12days= big 18!!!! #my b-day
Long term parking lot is looking pretty full, still quite a few spots available on the top (Tropicana) level.
yesterday our house was on heating lol
They're different looks/tones but still different from WWE or the like. Tried to flip the script a little bit again.
I can't change the way you feel, so I just gotta change the way I feel😒
Proverbs 22:16 He who oppresses the poor to make more for himself or who gives to the rich, will only come to poverty.
#SuperSacTuesday is TODAY!!!
i wannnaa get my nails done so baaddd 💅
Im great, just working. How about you???
Happy Friday!!
she's such a diva lol
More like none of it. :D
Now refs are getting involved in the game. Just what we all want to see, traveling and fouls...
The NTS (2010) - 36.1% trips under 2 miles + 53.0% under 5 miles are by car - what implication does this have for transport planning?
just joking but go ahead let's hear it
Rangers no more late nights! tired! I grabbed St Patricks day socks today on accidednt. Put them on - bring us luck!!
<<<< is sexually fustrated :-/
it doesn't look like it. People are saying presale is this Saturday so If they did they would have to go on sale tomorrow!
Good! Be well man.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
lol you outtapocket, how you gon blast me like that??
Will have to try green bean casserole. Wonder if it's like grits?
I look cute today
what's your other imagines account? :)x
Another show with Cody Simpson might be coming up soon!
Bill McDermott, Co-CEO & Member of 's Exec Board, takes the stage in 10 min to deliver today's final keynote
Luv DPL's creating ur communities project. Similar to ours columbusneighborhoods.com.
I love that when I check my Gmail Spam box the ad that's served is a recipe for Spam Primavera. M. Tasty!
“You`re not the one I wanna die for , you`re the one I wanna live with.”
hey kid want some candy?
Hooks sold out. Hoodies will be on sale 20 euro. T-Shirts 10 Euro.
haha yeah but they were like"Sabrina your a belieber account!" & crap so I got annoyed and made this! Lol haha(:
Great Grantland piece.
The right answer would cite specific ways in which the old/obsolete servers are affecting the business' customers or finances.
“Always vote for principle... & you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost.” -John Quincy Adams Go vote if u can!
will you be relaxing or having fun or both? :)
well, everything's fine :) .. I started following u .. whaddaya doin?
I don't even want 2 try~the effort I put n2 it, just dies~As im writhing on the floor, I smother as HE watches me die.HE luvs to see me cry
you had a chance to sample our #dukboki! that's 1 of our faves at ...thx for the <3 & the trip down memory lane!
Wrong on levels that have yet to be discovered yet
Can I just tell you: we are planning an Elephant and Piggie day at the library and I am SO EXCITED!!!
Eva Mendes Calls 911 on Xmas -- Cops Respond
Nice plug guys!! Congratulations!
now on with the news ;-)
Pepperoni Sticks, Hot Dogs, Cheese, Bologna, Wine Bottles, Loaves of Bread? LOL!
creep creep creep watching you sleep sleep sleep
When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears ~ Anthony Robbins
i really liked high tea at the Empress in victoria
Thanks to our new followers !
almost there.
LATER TWITTER FAM!!!!! I AM FINNA GO PLAY MY GAME
you still friends with Austin?
#MIOBI Lauren in surgery!!!
If ur core is strong, everything else will find balance - true in life, yoga, acting... & apples.
I can't take all the tweeting about #MissoniforTarget without seeing some pictures! This is pure torture!
oh, we got suck ass over here.
The Lakers could actually use some elbow grease.
Hahaha damn april fools shit, scared the fuck out of me
People in TX probably not having a good day today:
Oh, no doubt! Thanks for the photo montage, too. That's the first time I've seen that angle. NASTY!
thanks. I do too. Not tryin to catch a case. Lol
Not sure what that msg is.. I didn't send it..
Long Beach St? Really? Nice job Pitt.
U running too???
Yep, we'll announce it later today. : Any specials going on next week?
I agree!
you need some new shoes shorty......those toes looking lil nasty
but something also tells me you'll crash out after taking down that huge awesomeness booth :)
firee job on the "Must Be The Feeling" Remix. Shit bangs xD
[Safety Tip] This weekend avoid wearing barnyard animal costumes. Drunken climpsun fans will be on campus and may get inappropriate ideas.
what can we expect for believe? Is it what we would expect?
need more friends
Leedom Group 18th Annual BHPH World Convention is going on in Las Vegas. Stop by booth 128!
that is not all that special considering.
Thanks for the follow guys!
I take them more srs now, that finger looks devious
damn... That's three teams WTH is that ?
Surf along the Jersey Coast this morning.
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side (:
LOL Yeah you could say that!! :)
The product interview went well with the DOD, be back in the AMA in about 1hr after fillup.
Worst. Oscars. Ever.
": Im Really A Mad Man Doe"
cofounder of sharing his OpenID knowledge and insights--mainly that Context is King!
We will be playing a Stout intro for TMHF2. Hurt somebody to it.
See right there we have problem cuz I love him and I don't share :p
oh no! more work doing the things they're already obligated to do! :P The airwaves: ours, not theirs.
Yeah kinda wish you came. but. yeah.
This week: travel by air w/o paper, 1/2 day on #drupal, in person, , on CSS3. Impetuous. Homeric.
"If you ever loved somebody put your hands up. And now they're gone and you wish you could give them everything."
#SinceWeBeingHonest I know times are hard, and you might be losing your home, call us; we can help you! 305-378-9900
he was friends with UK matador Henry Higgins who was managed by Brian Epstein former beatle rep. wild early 70's
in my room, but there's six pictures left. Gonna take it in tomorrow
guessing this is not the time for a new katherine meme...
Distance means so little when someone means so much.
met "BIG DAWG" while working at the NO on ISSUE2 rally held by the Cleveland Firefighters. Go Browns.
i got you
OMG Bohemian Rhapsody will forever be a favorite song of mine! IS THIS THE REAL LIFE, OR IS THIS JUST FANTASY!?
where were you for the 1st 3 games you front runner god you make me sick
please send a picture! Need to see this
Dammit Seattle, 37 degrees was not part of the deal.
love it, actually really like that end of the strip!
Yes it was oh well..It is what it is
yo that avengers movie went the fuck in. i was laughing with delight.
Hoping there is a gigantic glass of wine waiting for me when I get home.
super basic stuff that can probably be done with imagemagick. Let me send you an email.
Man I can't stand pit bull he sucks ...
The nigga to the left is my boyfriend. <~~~~~~~
LOL! That's where I am! The food is actually awesome. These Italians can cook
Gov. Scott Walker wants 2 more weeks to review recall petition signatures, Democrats object. Friday court hearing scheduled.
lol you already know
Like next maybe I can start on my Life Limitations section and we can utilize the same policy about what needs to be critiqued
I might just keel over any second now.
your icon is beast.
I got my book back, so I'm sketching :-)
the dogs aren't helping?? Your dad has been to the shop a few times this week...maybe that's why!
I still don't know why Glee was renewed for another season.
You rocked it! RT : thanks to and everyone there for a GREAT evening! Loved it!
Oh how I wish I was in Miami.
Yes, that's lovely too. You know, custom-building really hasn't gone away; it's just changed signficantly.
We are honored to support the workers' struggle.
good morning to you! Have a great day!!
We went on opening day. Very nice, not too overwhelming for younger kids. Shark tank, "touch" tank definitely the highlights!
super tired but
You And Pussy Identical!
ya dig
The parking garage dude loves me. Always giving me free parking!
I wish she was here right now so I could tell her how much I love her...and just hold her close to me...
I guess summer's here already. I just saw The Avengers.
if you need some more options let us know! We're here to help!
I WANT TO FOLLOW SHAMI'S GAL PAL BUT MY FOLLOWING LIMIT IS UP. DUDE. LET ME SHIP THEM.
In you tube till I figure how to share avideo to my new twitter, I have others at Anabellauxmal
RT : Today in Jazz Is A Woman: Nina Simone as a classical pianist, freedom singer, and hip hop icon.
Watching the game with family, HEAT<3.
Correction: NASA's Future Flight Central will be airing this Saturday (5/1/10) @ 5:30pm on KRON4!
Pittsburgh Pete taught me well. Gotta make a name for myself. By the way, does that loser spinmax ever call anymore?
Really Rain? You have to interrupt my tan time?
Please do!
I hate going into Petco then I wanna take all the cats home >.<
DEFINITELY ONE DAY!
Follow Friday ... follow racenation.com, a new social networking site for #runners and #marathons, and of course
I said the same thing.. lol ": looks like that a** fat in that avatar!!!! I'm loving it!!"
Great dinner. Loved the mussels!
missed it :(
Ask me anything don't be shy ;]
Hmm, I would say yes, but..That day and night was just perfection. I wouldn't wanna change it. I think what you mean is to
"Don't Count the days, BUT, make the days Count" Mr.Ali - The Champ -
Suggestions in Purchasing Gifts for Mom « Gynaika Magazine
thats not okay because im 10
penn brewery imperial pilsner
": 3 kids birthday parties in the next 5 hours. And go" god have mercy on your soul.
: I am doing well!!! How are you?
one of the pair, yes. And the cheese sticks come with tomato sauce! (haha)
gm. Nice pic. 2legends Michael J and Donna Summer Gone2soon. RIP both of them
Check our performance LIVE tonight at dancemarathon.org at 1am central time!!
Join us tonight for a great artist talk by Irish-born Katie Holten @ 7 pm. FREE at SECCA, 750 Marguerite Drive.
Just get me home.
also blends with the ice and boards, which are both white-ish
Listening to Pink Floyd The Pulse concert '94.
Can anyone answer their phone when I call?! Jeesh
what are YOU counting down till? Lok
I have a category 2 and I always try to keep him away from other people, even when we are running together.
psssh I feel u im a Lil down me self bruh! It's been a long week
Donald has time to demo his new expanded cribbage game -- it's both complex and fun at the same time -- what a terrific inventor he is.
I am Arthur, you Guinevere -- what an unfortunate calamity of fortunate hearts.
We will be featured on at 5:20am tomorrow morning with TUNE IN!
In Krav MaGa we teach to overcome the threats, the fears and the internal and emotional barriers
Okay thanks :)
No brunch... sorry I'm sad too!
