Won the 200 free! My favorite swimmer! Yayyyy!
So proud of Team Aquila for winning the project! Congrats again guys
If you want to know what song we played, just text SONG to 44100. It's easy! Msg & data rates may apply.
awesome! i'm sort of obsessed with 'staches right now. i just got a shipment of 'staches on a stick!
Prog-rock bra!
They are all a lot of work thats for sure. Moving slowly, but at least its moving haha! How are things with you? -Adam
oh I know!, what's up with that..
Calling all breastfeeding moms! #BFcafe Twitter chat is tonight at 7pm PST/9pm EST, come join us!
Just finished a generous portion of black-eyed peas. Now I'm ready for whatever 2012 can throw at me.
I'm glad you're feeling better.
isn't every year George Clooney's best year??
Doing big things with my music career thanks to God!
Haha its all good (: RT : I was just kidding hope no ones feelings are hurt
RT : RT : Be green while you spring clean this season! Check out these pet & Eco-friendly cleaning tips for your...
Have some time on your hands? Here is a "Super Book of Web Tools for Educators" #TheCN will soon be one of them!...
Doing my part to get the word "perimenopause"in your newspaper next week.
I play to much lol
And me!!! Ok not really... I was an hour way but close.
Well, we owe Oregon $1 after filing taxes but Turbotax says we don't have to pay it. Gnarly!
Tonight at 5:30, the cast of #TheWhippingMan will join the show. Listen live on 88.9
Congrats to on the new deal, glad you're staying in Kansas City!
when i eat a lot of food when im done i be looking 5months pregnant lbs
Usually Milwaukee is really bad, but this year was the 3rd best since records were kept.
He must be cozy in there! Still sending good juju... :)
You may or may not b alone. Shh! Don't tell! RT I lose at life. I haven't seen a single Pacific Standard Time exhibit & I meant to.
Gotta start rooting for the cardinals! :)
think I am! Not sure though; have never met in real life so am suspiciously eyeing a lady w/a laptop
You're going REAL hard at trying to reverse jynx this bad boy. How many times you think the M's will get no-hit this season?
With Kalamazoo being so close perhaps I ought to finish my two presentations.
Where im from, we dont get things handed to us. We work for it #watdafuckilooklike?
Are we done w/ #Oscars talk yet? b/c if not, how about Esperanza Spalding last night?! Former jazz student was stellar.
Finally with the love of my life.
Charlie for President! Could I get 2 tickets for the show tonight? Ian Sonneborn
I had the weirdest dream about you ... I was taking a shower and you randomly appeared !
The thing that scares me most at the gym -- the camel toes.
is also accepting nicknames for Ms. Royle!
yeah Tenacious D!!! :-)
Could be better. Ha. And yourself?
“The best revenge is happiness, because nothing drives people more crazy then seeing someone actually having a good life
Check out my review and photos for Brookland's new kid on the block - on in just a few hours!
Well, it's 6:30AM. I guess I'll go to bed now. Later dudes.
I don't want to plan my week in Civics or my Titanic lesson for tomorrow. Tired. Cold. It's storming. Ugh.
Latest Job openings @ Sapient Corporation | sapientjobs
But thats not to say that I'm not afraid of long nights dwelling on past mistakes.
Thanks! Good to be back home! :D
I will never do a " I gotta go to work tweet ", cause has that locked up. It just doesn't feel right when any1 else does it.
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up. James A. Baldwin
haha nice to meet u how old r u by the way  cuz u seem really cute
you're so welcome. So how is my best friend doing?
Good questions posed by : TEACHERS: What are you discussing in class re: Osama's death? What questions are students asking?
Kings Score woooootwoooot
EA is especially bad for that. Just let me play NHL 12, guys!
When you reeeaalllly have to go to the bathroom & your teacher wont let you.. #UGH .
its ok
g-nite John Boy.
Taylor Gang or drown in a ketchup pool.
They're a great bunch and they love having you. Thanks so much for joining us!
just bought one of your hoodies the superkian13 one :)
Our nap much too long, Old black tomcat licked my nose Roughly with fish breath.
Happy April Fools People!:D
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW
If I can get an eye on a fingertip without smashing it constantly and another on the back of my head, the eyes have it.
Congratulations! I hope y'all have fun in Aruba!
damn dat is true. U don't go clubbin or nun
gray area. 1/2 cheating and 1/2 being resourceful. You lose points for forgetting in the 1st place.
Hurt people... HURT people and Negative people attempt to bring you into the same playing field as them. No thank you!!
Watching Forgetting Sarah Marshal
“: Every girl in my grade is literally getting a fucking ferrari for their first car #wtf” cause u go to heritage
I'm over Green Week. The league should use its power to introduce lesser known causes to fans and players!
Proud Of Ian Somerhalder!!! You love him too?? Then RT and Trend it !!! :) ❤
Does anyone else feel like they've sometimes been plopped in as a character in an indie film? It's been one of those nights...
Yeah, Lakers will get off the mat and win a couple games.
so, I can download Kindle and be able to download books or are we talking something different?
Hi! I'm an equal opportunity chocolate eater for sure :)
If you need shelter, Text SHELTER + your ZIP code to 43362.
Grandma comes todayy!
Someone Told Me Im Racist Cuz I Said White People. Wth? U Want Me To Say "The Americanos"?
come to room 416
LLT!!! I got your postcard!! You're the best. :) can you me and OovoO soon??
Q4) Another thing to say often: Did you check the [insert internal collar site] for answers to your question?
When you called her "quim", I gasped, and everyone in the theatre looked at me like I was an idiot.
Join The BelmontTavern on Facebook / Twitter and stay in touch with the grand opening in June. Cathedral Square will be even more exciting!
why do only humans have twitter?
You need to claim your free pizza code before Feb 19th. Do it ASAP so you don't forget!
Really? Is that a direct quote. What is happening to Steele? I had such great hopes for him!
we are officially closed...for tonight.
I can *assure* you, it is worth watching. It'll hook you. And I don't like 1) scary or 2) zombies.
I love how,u,,touch me there ;) hnnnn yes
I've never heard silence quite this loud.
George is the best!
cry me a river! deal with the train!
Your welcome dude!
<< doesn't fuck with too many people
is back in the press room now.... talking about being inspired by whitney "there's a hole in the heart of music"
#MyTop10GucciSongs So Icy......
hm would me coming over be a good idea cuz idk if i can go to the 1D house party......grrr
Busy busy busy. 3 words that describe my days.
If a "player" gets played he was NEVER a "player"
Thank you for mention leveraging data!
Yes. PHP is part of our default stack. I'm being integrated into mainstream projects now, so I need to swallow my prejudices
Funny when you realize you're gonna look back on all this and think its completely silly
Research and Markets: What Do Patients Think of Health Apps? is a Report that Contains Results from 100 Patient Groups ...
Yep Breakfast was pretty good. Now back to work
I hope you have them my info!
Run for your lives! It's those goddamned flying pigs again!
The gas leak at the building across the street from my office was resolved. Whew. That could have been explosive.
are live tomorrow night at the Rose Bowl in Tulsa, Oklahoma! Come out and join us!
Many people don’t realize that interviews are two-way streets. Ask good questions to understand if the job is right for you.
thanks #publishers for sharing fave #twipubs! we'll throw out some more fab lists:
The only thing we have to fear is BROCCOLI itself.
We gotta whole lot of features for "Remy, Rubbers & Regrets" history in da making!!
what hospital did you stay at?
When you suffer a great loss you learn to appreciate life, love&friendships. You can shutdown or be open. I chose the latter:)
Pickup Line: Your place or mine? Tell you what? I'll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours
RT : extra bright i want you to see this <--- 
oh shit, that means all hell is going to break loose!
Saw a car take out the front end of an SUV as he pulled out from a parallel spot and somehow lost my bus $ making sure they were ok.>:(
got you😉
what did other corners do % wise compared 2 gilmore?
dont be in a relationship if u goin 2 act single
that's easy they area people who live in the northern part of Spain. I believe they're not to found of the gov't of Spain as well
These Canadians kickin ass right now lmaoooo
i bought tickets for the philip's arena show x
Another drop by Finley
In Montana! Roads still good! :-)
Is gabe saporta sitting in front of me rn
When you finally get comfortable and ready to study, then realize you have to pee<<<<<
um did u look at all the pics on chive ??
In maths , its soo boring , I need ma bed ....
Seriously after watching Wilbur unwanted a pot belly pig. Too bad I have an allergic reaction to em. :/
Kiss me like you miss me. Fuck me like you hate me.
Just got the shots for the December cover by local photographer They are stunning!
"Margarita" RT : "I'll Have Another" wins Kentucky Derby.
he does seem tired...must be growing! He's fake crying here lol
"I believe time slows in reaction to you and your dreaming."
I didn't get it.
Dear phone, I drop you, I say I hate you, I throw you, I lose you, I forget you, but... I couldn't live without you.
If you can move 3 emotions in one video, you're a genius. - Tim Street
u mahomies need 2 wake up n start takin my bro bro advice to wat he says about the kid. nobody is hating its the truth chillax
Stay tuned for a Q&A w/ Tim Gunn in advance of his visit this weekend...
Shapiro: Social movements precede canon reformation/recovery.
S/O to Dirtysouthradio for all yalls continued support!! We bout to Add another City to this FLA Saga Homie!!!
In the bed of his Chevy on the outskirts of town <3..
Thanks for the follow. and I really enjoyed meeting you and the Keller Estate Pinot Noir 2008!
firefox 3D HTML inspection is neato
OH CRAP. I forgot! I'm so sorry! I'll do that as soon as I get home from school tomorrow! Text me and remind me!
If you liked yesterday weather wise, you're going to love today. More of the same on the way. Change is in the air.
Thank you!! I wanna be like when I grow up!
you welcome
Be safe
It's not like you care anyways? Right? Okay.
not much longer until im back on Top!
Twitter is an ocean of self-promotion.
It's National Public Health Week - what's the biggest public health concern in your community?
is one kool kid.(:
followed by breakfast at Balsan...
": Good morning Twitter Fam. Have a great day!" Good Morning, cuz! Much love...
what's goody fam
I'm inlove with you.
would love to hear your thoughts on what I've built into ClassConnect so far!! :D
To in Boone and with in Chapel Hill-Weekend Warriors!
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
Members of the Youth Council are enjoying the inauguration of the ! Looking forward to working with all in next 4 years!
much appreciated
fan perspective...which condemns players more, participate in a bounty or on strike ?? best answers RTd
4am mixing with and the wicked genuis of on & this is sounding Ace! Its in the mix!
I want to go, but then I saw the student price ($260-320!!). Any volunteer scholarships? Otherwise I'll watch online.
Couldn't ask for a better group of guys to go out with. This is my family forever
“: Married, 2 kids, with a phone full of naked gay men, but you're straight? Lies!!!!!” lmao
Love like in the movie titanic >
gaslgnslcngsflkngfklngflkgnsfklgnfd so much shit to do tomorrow, definitely will not have time to go to work :(
CAN SQUIRRELS BE ZOMBIES?..WE'D LIKE TO WRITE A SONG ABOUT IT..A ZOMBIE SQUIRREL IN NEXTS SEASON WALKING DEAD WLD B COOL! F/S
omg i think i couldn't stop screaming :D it would be so amazing !!
Thanks so much for asking:)
“Don’t wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect.” Melissa Barrak
I'm mean they serve everyone and they are open past midnight.....hm
stanley cup playoffs are to blame. Between that and all Of the sonics commercials ir want to die
it all makes me more than anything, maternal, meeting him and his dad way before all this. scary how acontextual all the hubbub is.
sinlge ladies was a dumb ass show
My cat is the best cat EVER!
I'll rock it!
Ton of members have gone to work for the Herald. , to name a few.
Does anyone on twitter feed their pets raw meat? I've hard that dogs stay young forever on raw meat. Does anyone know?
RT : Looking forward to some Luna de Miel to celebrate Cinco de Mayo - only
We about to go HAM on the escalator!
Nothing says "ready for the season" like getting shut out by the Cardinals.
Remember when DJ's had to actually be able to DJ? Had to be able to mix, cut, scratch, etc. on 12's. No Ableton or Traktor.
just heard Dick Clark has passed away. always sad to loose such a great talent regardless of age
Alice was her name yeeeeessssssss
twitter crazy if you dont tweet for some days you lose followers i lost 20 followers for no reason smh
Cookies? I recall that is not what we wanted. What happened to the Ice Cream Bars?
FTW: Overheard a co-worker doing an interview, referencing Rocky Horror Picture Show.
has an audition for a #Walmart commercial tomorrow... purty dang excited!
um because the pigs are going to eat their babies?
congratulations bob
This summer is going to be amazing. Nobody better fuck it up
Onslaught of Skinny Jeans, song name xD
EDC_Dallas2012, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Trying to decide whether or not to follow the East Coast #WDYTYA twitter chat or not or wait until it is on on the West Coast.
"Do you have a room w/ no windows - so you can't tell what time of day it is?" That question wins today's biscuit.
Absolutely, looking forward to it as well. Have you been to Pittsburgh before?
Be the first to see the moving choir tomorrow at the Knitting Factory!
That is officially our new theme song
he was annoying
It seems like Odom has given up on life since he was traded .
K PEOPLE, JUST WONDERING, WHAT's UR FAVORITE "ROCK" or "COUNTRY" SONG & BY WHOM?????
every1 go follow for a follow back
The Latino Symposium this Saturday at St. Sabina in Chicago featuring the film...The Interrupters...at 9:30 am to 2:30 pm...
#alphamale burns himself while trying to cook.
Was just on the phone with for a half hour & I have no idea what happened. Not sure what equipment I'm getting? Bizarre.
sometimes I really think my brother been curzed.. if not. This Nigga done did shit only he know..
belly full.
"Dedicated to the pursuit of excellence."
Architects lead in vision clarity - ability to #inspire others
i just ate the biggest rice crispy treat ever, i feel sick now but it was worth it haha
One more corona and im goin to sleep
You guys Rock!
or as I like to call it, "no carb week that I don't keep, so it's like every other week."
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake
yea I felt that way too :P lol
Excited to hear about future hacks/cracks.
Hidden malware somewhere on the site. I'm trying to find it and fix it. ACK!
VERY MUCH SUPPORT RT : It's #TeacherAppreciationWeek - show your theater, drama, art, and music teachers some love this week!
Go Badgers! Did you see that shot of awesome basketball gear as they cut to commercial just now? :)
I feel like having a horror movie night. Any suggestions on some really good ones to watch?
Join us at 11:00 a.m. on the 11th day of the 11th month of 2011 for our 3rd Annual MillerCoors Veterans Day Ceremony.
SHOUT OUT TO KIARA !!! (key-r-a)
It is! RT : Are you a member of FitFluential, Inc. yet? If not, go now and join up! It's an awesome community of people! :)
You don't let obstacles stop you .. you just adjust your expectations and keep moving forward.
I wonder if people pay my tweets any thought...??
Cold as it's been, the tomato plants are still hanging onto life in my garden.
Flickr it isn't but it gives us a place to talk about our favorite shots. Let's enjoy each others pictures.
Aye Laker fans. Ready to take another L tonight????:
Blows me away how some progressives talk on and on about how marriage is for rich people, then dedicate so much energy to marriage rights.
I couldn't imagine a better way to spend my day then at my awful job. Huzzah!
Hey fellow Oskar Blues drinker. Have you had G'Knight? (I assume yes). I am HOOKED on it. So tasty.
Do NOT be ashamed of the work that Jesus has done in your life! Your are brand new in Him! He has set you FREE!
Workshop cancelled :( ah well time to do other acting homework instead.
Gonna be at the school until 8. :p
I think it's easier if you break it down into parts: (1) map the data to some space where it's linearly seperable
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 13
Thanks to and everyone else who has dedicated a song so far!
"....and beyond! " YaY Enjoy life
Oh yeah & I hope christina doesn't do tht shit where giving Justin dirty looks & acting all stink with an attitude like there's no need.....
It was at that moment when you realize that you know the person at 1OO%, he will prove to you that you do not know anything about him.
Happy New Year! Wishing you much success in the year ahead.
I agree!
: The Koha community has held the code lightly...with lots of trust.
gotta make up our miiiiiiiinnddd. oh us play play play all the same old games and we wait wait wait for the end to change
Golf Channel Biggest Rating Tiger Woods Scandal
omg, I can be a darling niece if this come in plus sizes!
i am sure your wife would have loved an elaborate lip sync. seduction abounds as long as your record doesn't skip
Happy Green Beer Day!!!!!
People Shouldn't Hate Ari For Living Her Dreams. It's Silly And Useless.
Rounded filed nails <
All Kerr's appreciate a good Laker :p “: At least Kerr and Marv appreciate MWP.”
Looking for #slpeeps with experience in #ABA or similar approach in the #Miami area, *Please RT*
This is the perfect holiday for tequila, tortilla chips, and salsa lovers
": Oh the days when this fandom was all about carrots and video diaries."
I was upset earlier and my mom says,"I think the answer is that you should shut up and start writing."
Josh: "Caleb, how old are you?" Caleb: "A poop." What the hell?!?
We are LOCKED on our top secret new project. Coming to an Internets near you soon!
Watching makes me smile
He's so sweet, hah.
Crossing my fingers for the #duncanhines House Party!! I love baking and would love to host that party!!
I may have my faults but everything I do my intentions are for the good of it all..
We know a great hotel in San Antonio! On the River Walk— stylish, romantic, and unique. Give us a call. We'd love to host you!
Wifi works great
11:11 make that wish that will never come true. >.>
Denaye get on my nerves .
after a year of being spoiled on my Keurig at home I finally figured out how to use the office coffee maker.
Words that will make your day: "today's flight will include The Muppet Movie for your entertainment"
got that rite im hoping randy orton wins his match and john cena destorys brock lesner
Just chillin', working on a new track today! It's perfect weather outside and I'm stuck in here on this pc lol
Where the hell is my wallet?! 😱😰
Just got a sweet pair of running shorts to complete my #marathon ensamble! I am all ready!
I have been in all day......trying to conquer this cold, but it keeps winning the battle and yet I am not giving up
So, I've confessed before about my little crush on he follows some random people, and yes I aspire to one day be one of them!
Going sit and go crazy on PokerStars!!
The name, if nothing else, sounds like something from Mars.
Anyone else feel that earthquake? Scary stuff
LMAO! RT : How many people still think I'm ???? His name has 9 letters, mine has 4.
sanctions because some football players stayed at hotel near campus because dorms weren't ready and got discount rates.
That was really good organic black bean soup from trader joes almost as good as amys version but half the price just saying...happiness is!!
The #mcdm students presenting at our final event of #hackingedu are rocking it!
Nice picture (:
Que susto ehhhh?! How ya doing post #earthquake cuz?
Thanks! If (when) I make it to Vegas on book tour, I'll certainly be in touch! I'd be grateful for the opportunity ....
WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS!!
Is really that amazing? man i think i need to buy there cd, so behind
yo - what happened to ap?
student deeper discount 20% for April only on ALL 3-21 day #USA #tours #travel official partners
but never let her win, ever!
$200 million is great deal of money to turn away and not use to take a chunk out of the 500K uninsured children in Florida...
CONGRATULATIONS THE AMERICAN KING
#AskObama - Why dont we cut foreign aid to ease the deficit? We don't have the money for domestic programs? Why give it to other countries?
Watching get his game on.
Piece of this Peyton puzzle no one is talking about, Tennessee Volunteer legendary backup qb Jim Bob Cooter was a Colt is now KC Chief.
We should also mention that today is your last day to get a big-ass sandwich until Thursday! We'll be closed Mon through Wed (4/23-4/25).
good road win. No Tim Abromaitis needed
I read some of their marketing plans; they think they have only 25% of possible users as I recall, so expect more ads
Fear often exaggerates danger. 案ずるより産むが易し
all work and no play makes rob a dull boy
im going to wal-mart luv walmart (:
Headphones at night, keep the bullets noise outside
oh okay. A lot to cover. After Transformers, I used to watch Voltron. I wonder if there is podcast for that?
Thank you! RT : Thanks for the follow! Best of luck with Troilus and Cressida. :)
Your tirades during Baylor games are legendary.
That awkward moment when you tweet 484895994 times and he doesn't see it but when ur friend tweets him ONE time he sees it.
very magical. (but all the crazies are out tonight! be careful!) RT Magic moon tonight.
Goodnight guys! I love you. And you are beautiful no matter what anyone says. Always remember that<3
We do indeed have the iPad app on the drawing board! Until then we use ReadPrint with Safari on the iPad. We'll keep you posted.
Amen! RT : "#GirlsShould never be afraid to be smart." - Emma Watson
Finally! Maybe now you can finally fall back sheesh
A1. Best part of Spring Break is sun, sand and cocktails. Memories are a little fuzzy, so that'll have to do. :-)
sure, logan.
The most #AMAZING things happen when one stays true to their character...
Brock half-off is not a great deal. have a look at these, 80% off...
what's the worst movie you've ever seen?
WHOLE album actually resonated w/ me. Dead Sea. Submarine. Stubborn Love. Big Parade. DM me if you can't find them, I can send...
I wasn't sure if it was so I didn't want to be all awkward about it
Sweet! Poured another fresh one and I'm ready for the finish!! Burnin down the house!!
oh wow when was this taken?
Be sure to check out our 12 days of Christmas giveaway on our FB page!
Anything for tomorrow yet in Austin? :) (I'll be looking out for tix tomorrow too!)
u should check those DM's then lol ;) *wink wink wink*
With your wit & intelligence, you are going to be in First Class! And it will be well-deserved!
Filming weekend round two. 24 page script, 13 pages to go. We don't mess around. In the words of will smith,
man I'm too blessed to be stressed. Thxs for the prayers... Glad you're doing well my man. Keep doing your thing over there!!!
Tyson, even. Thanks, autocorrect.
Thanks for thinking of us Souna! Much appreciated!
but as veteran leaders we fight an uphill battle against certain stereotypes. This doesn't help.
I like it...I was just surprised at the tough review.
No one can get in my way.
Lord God bless my FL&PG She preached us on to our next... #SuperGirls #FightLikeAGirl #Toe2Toe wowowozers!!!!
John Clayton says the #Steelers are one of the top 3 winners of the draft! YES!! And w/a new OffCoord : Lookout!
Forgot how dope Ice Cube's Death Certificate CD is!!!
First time I've ever been offloaded from an F train in Brooklyn. I feel like I'm on the metro in DC. Ha.
I had a pizza puff for the first time in 8 years today I miss Chicago
Going to Vin Santo in #middleton for best tiramisu ever.
are we gonna see your fine behind on #rhonj this year?
Wheres the party @?! Its the last of the warm weather = (
#thatminiheartattackwhen you think you forgot to clock back in after lunch
Flying V iolin!
125 cappers with their FB selections posted today with 4 college consensus plays and one landslide in the NFL on the Chargers laying 7
Amazing RT "She is free."
15th and W. Pretty close to my current place.
were almost ready. as soon as we are i will let you know. and a website coming soon aswell!!
doesn't look like the conversation ended 😂
Happy Mothers Day cousin I ❤ u muahhhh
I love that feeling of the first drink of water after you've been dying of thirst for what seems like forever. <3
you tell'em!
I have not forgotten you! Just yesterday I was like I need to write Lesley.... ha lets talk tomorrow!
Am realizing that you might really like the book I'm reading right now (due in 2 days). Do you know The Hare w/ Amber Eyes?
Awesome see you than!!
Colbert: "It looks like Boehner will be speaker--unless he blocks his confirmation out of habit" RT : :
Today's the Ides of May / Idus Maiae in the ancient Roman calendar. Nothing to beware today, I hope.
Ha! Fair point.
Shout out to my people who do real things. You wanna be's can suck my Dick...TWICE. but then again EVERYONE IS REAL, NO ONE IS FAKE
That annoying moment when you're trying to sleep and pass the door, wall, and another door & over my music.. I still hear my dad snoring
I've been waiting for the big #rva snow ball fight so bring on some snow, doesn't look like it's going to happen any time soon.
Now you do, Loehr! Now you do!
I just woke from a hard nap.
I'm in need of some cocoa puffs.
Some love lasts a lifetime. True love lasts forever.
One step at a time to make it to CBS
Worst photo contract I've ever seen for #coachella. Includes all artists playing. Guess this is my last year shooting.
I used to be able to listen to Art of the Matter on my NPR iphone app every week. Haven't seen a new one on it since May. Why?
He's so brillant.
five more facebook fans!
Listening to the intro to #Obama's Barnard College speech which mentions all the women in high roles Obama has appointed.
Outlining chapters for my book in the works -- "The Internet Middlemen"
Second period underway from the OKC leads 1-0 in Game 5
It's sunny out now but I hear thunder. Rainy, rainy day.
EW! UGLY TATTOOS ARE EVEN WORSE!
but im sure youll do fine and get the job.. dnt worry... what kind of restuarant is it
getting ready off to school and then taken my college writing final!!
I'm a loser too. It's all good.
What's the event??
HUGE THANK YOU to ELVIS & MTEL CELLULAR for the amazing Hot Spot at our Hirshberg Training Team Cheer Station!
oh I'll remind you..
I hate flying.
Watching tough enough from last year still think Andy was the wrong choice which explains why he got released
we should!!!
The producers from that commercial I was in got me another job but this time its in a feature film! :D
Creative pros need courage. Learn from courageous people like who does meaningful work
yeah new testament sounds terrible. But I gott catch some zs maria, can't have you keepin me on twitter all night
Suffering from a current case of Twitter's block due to the gloomy weather outside. Rain rain go away...
so glad to work with you much as well. you smart girl, know so much bout social media
i can't concentrate in school thanks to you , legit you're always on my mind.
“: we never did see horn to horn, todd.” :(
Lol my wire from my braces snapped in half and my dentist was all like "what?? Thats the first time ive seen that happen!!"
Not "sexy" lmfao
Don't think I can get Chef Drew to give that up! Glad you enjoy & happy experimenting
LOTR as hipsters?
jail abuse commissioner robert bonner says commission must do its own investigation "no offense to the LA Times. its my favorite newspaper"
They loving the crew +_+
What size venue are you looking for?
Health2 innovator DocPons would like to enter 100 day challenge with Aetna.
sounds delicious!! And yes, ANYONE, can, and is encouraged to volunteer!!
I'd agree, but "Ray of Light" is SO. GOOD. RT : I'm starting to think Madonna actually peaked with "Like a Prayer", tbh.
chicks who know their sports get a Huge Kawhi Leonard hand sized PLUS in my book! ;)
#Baltimore Thanks for the comment MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
Great! You?
last day tomorrow get out at 10:30 and than get to go home and relax before the big game!
i am so over this rain with #Lee. It's not raining, it's windy and i guess I could say it's not hot. Playing with my video channel, alive
Wish I could be there. You'll be terrific!
Spent the day filming in Asda with St Charles School as part of their activity week!! We even had 'trolley cam'
Yes; 4th Bobby in 5 seasons.
Hello Monica, just wanted to say hi and best wishes on the new album...i'm forever a huge fan since After the Storm CD
Physicians typically are not early adopters. Not so with the iPhone and iPad.
So much snow!
any upcoming St. Paddy's events ??
Who to FB stalk tonight? hm.
What kind of music do you all play?
The only time I feel alive is when I'm painting. - Vincent Van Gogh
if greed isn't good hon then maybe you should explain the rumors about your bedtime exploits!! girls want some too love!!
Count is all screwed up in SD8. Going to be a long night. We still have a shot but odds not in our favor.
thanks for the shout out!
Ain't No Dick Worth My Life Strapped Up Shawdy .
But you're so young. You're so young. You look in my eyes. So young, so sweet, so surprised. You look so young, like a daisy in my lazy eye.
"The opposite of poverty is not wealth. … In too many places, the opposite of poverty is justice.” (Bryan Stevenson)
Dude! A triathlon! But, MailChimp? Really!?
it's friday! i am so glad. what a long week!
I didn't eat enough this morn & almost threw up 2 hrs ago takin this family 2 the Pfister from H20 street. Made it, awkwardly lol
thank you sweet girl! :)
smokes weed every day, refuses to learn how to pack a bowl
i still owe you something from back in the day haha
So the only team I love more than the Mets beat them yesterday. This weekend I live in a house divided. Go
Happy Easter everyone! Have a blessed day with your families.
RT Exercise is good for you & your baby.
hoping to put it all back on today with a mega lunch!!
that made me shed alil tear
Looks like Oregon is having a tough time.
today is a beautiful day can anyone agree
Happy Monday to my new twitter friends Have a great week!
His name is not Robert his first name is Greatest last name Ever <33
Touch down
I get to see this weekend!
I'm not saying he's a punk although he's definitely not a real nigg@
Break a leg (it's opening night)! I'll be at the show Sunday -
damn wats my password
no turn around
hm imma lil selfish but maybe
your welcome, enjoy your day
I'm going to give up something trivial for lent to please off the invisible man in the sky.
is the screening free? I have my little nephew in town for 40 acres fest :)
Doing well, my friend. Took a day off and enjoyed the gorgeous NYC day. Have a great weekend!
as soon as PacMan get off that juice.
RIP Davy Jones of The Monkees
i am!
Tomorrow is March for Babies Day! We are looking forward to seeing you at Tropical Park. Registration starts at 7:30 a.m.!
no one does really but you will addicted to it lol
Happy Sunday from everyone here at Chispa!
thanks! just prepare yourself for a new record in March. We can't stress how important it is that you are prepared
Its not fair that my feet hang off the bed and 's don't.
absolutely..a dear friend almost went with your documentary team to Darfur she was/is passionate about it as am I. Thank U!
Hey has anyone made a lunch guide for infocamp? Maybe I can do one.
oh please girl don't flatter yourself. You aren't that great... #yousuck 👎👊
RT : ...very interesting discussion at the Physician breakfast. Is your physician using an EMR?
Omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg RT : I will announce #mahonetothewestcoast date in LA by Fri.
Too tired to be awake right now. I just wanna stay in my bed all day.
Understanding fully loaded costs essential to achieving real impact and scale says David Greco of
Happy birthday to Joey Fatone (NSync) and Nick Carter (Backstreet Boys). Wonder if they ever had a joint party?
Lmao only u wuld put that lol too funny
Turntablist? Clearly some important topics we haven't discussed yet.
Diss Card Him (for Her) @ www.kandizone.com
I miss him, like crazy !
Fishing???RT : I always wanted to have a event for mother's day for single mothers tho
Just wondering about new opportunities. And yes, I'm going to have to get to bed a bit earlier :)
Thanks for the follow, Jessica Moon, astrology, alchemy ... love it.
went to massive art show, street art theme was interesting, gonna write review & then lesson plan... oh and grade dem papers. so ya, coffee
subway moisture
I'm dying up here! 😢
Thank you for sharing this, Niccole, it's such a beautiful photo! We spy a Mac Duggal "couture" gown. +1 for the selection!
“Footfalls echo in the memory, down the passage we did not take, towards the door we never opened, into the rose garden.” ― T.S. Eliot
MOB WIVES
Lady said I won the award for the most contacts hitting 606! Did that get me a free case or car changer? No! Best purchase tho!!
gotta save my money and work my butt off for these tours :)
If you like food, then we're interested in YOU :)
How was your first week of school?
I love how John cena used his old them song
I want to see the Harbaugh brothers face off in the Super Bowl, so go Ravens!
haha I have no trouble sleeping!
Oh, your own picks. At first I thought you were putting your own swing on top.
there is a super out of tune guitar or he keeps hitting a wrong fret
We have our moments lol RT : Sorry, upset Nick Chick moment. I'm done. (:
no sir. 2 weeks.
without a doubt you should check out drgavingrant.com - our whole family goes.
Happy Birthday! C
no too soon
it is awesome!
thx for the love Sarah; luv your profile pic- so pretty!
Is there a quiz in chap tomorrow?
Scene bites at edgemar tonight! Short scenes and free food! Come see me and a host of other talented actors onstage! :) edgemar.org/events
The AAH starts today! I am especially looking forward to Jerzy Linderski's (UNC) 'Ink and Blood: Ernst Badian and the Art of History'
Yeah nows a perfect time to have it up! I love those commercials! They dont show them enough where Im at! Haha :))
aloha dan! i was wondering if we could ever get you on talking Miami Heat on with ESPN in Honolulu?
Bosh has to do A Lot better in this series, if the Heat plan on winning ...
Hey chica havin u & following my twin sis & I would be the coolest thing ever! u laides r amazing :D
Today we commemorate the life of the Holy Martyr Anysia (on Dec.30 old style) and Holy Martyr Tatiana (Jan. 12 new style)
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Jake Lunardi ⁰Rising 11th ⁰Lake Forest, CA ⁰Travel Team: El Toro High ⁰Power Forward 6’5
has the chicago bears Jay Cutler elite jersey sold out or it hasn't been posted yet?
A new SHAQ in Purple and Gold! RT Just committed to the UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.
let's go McIlroy
Congratulations! Your short & today's long were a joy to watch. So proud of you! Well deserved victory!
THE KING WILL BE POSTING A NEW VIDEO THIS WEEKEND.. BE READY FOR IT!!
We agree! “: Figured it out: No #2011USWomensOpen & no rain for 3 mo's. here & rains buckets. We need more golf!”
I will not go to McDonald's for a large fry. I will not go to McDonald's for a large fry. Wait why am I in the drive thru?
HAHAHA!! We should slide down the hallway together! You don't know what you're missing : )
Studies show that when you have a buddy your are 7x more likely to stick to a fitness regemine!
I feel so good right now..... It's like a waterfall....
<100 VIP tickets left! Get them now or be :(. Door prizes every half hour. FREE & 1st for personal autographs. Front rows in panels.
Not true. Why do you think that?
So when Gamefly bought Direct2Drive, I can now no longer get access to my games I bought on there without buying a GameFly subscription
Just got bryant for april fools! Hahahaha I had him thinking was dead lmao!
Algeria&#39;s first president dies at 96
Bubblicious by PBZ from Memphis is my motherfreakin jam. That's the type of song that makes u stop the car, get out and grab ya ankles lol.
Headlines just hit the stage at Redamte Coffee House in Madison! Come hang out for their acoustic performance plus the return of Pasiflora!
Hi D! Happy 2012:) Coffee soon?
catching up on tweets, can you tell me more about troublesome catalogers meetup? and ribbons? =D
You can be an Honorary Classy Bitch. ;)
Wouldn't it be nice to make as much as a rock-star for one year!
At job #2....ready and prayed up....
I deserve drugs more than you, I have exiskeletosis; my skeleton tries to leave by jumping out of my mouth.
#Diablo3 comes out soon I'm so excited and just entered to win a Diablo 3 Mega Prize Give away thanks to and
Richmond ices Vandy's Ezelie. at the free throw line...4.7 seconds left Richmond up 68-65
Shameless and pointless retweet because I love him. ": Thanks Anna!"
then eat lol
is basically the best collection of fun late night folks ever.
I have a weird feeling about today :/
Kindness cops to this being their 8th show ever. "Steep learning curve."
That was record time! Can't wait to find out who won! Thanks tuned for more giveaways!
liar. it gave me the answer. magic = ruined.
GO TO WHATABURGER
Happy Cinco De Mayo! Playing "Los Mariachis De Mexico" to begin the celebration.
To calculate Solar noon take 120 mins add 4 mins for every degree longitude you are west. Just in case you need to know what time noon is!
#Gophers are 6 minutes to
": Congrats to the IFC "Fraternity Excellence Award" Winners for 2012: Pike, SAE, & Sigma Chi."
Kings staying for one more season! look forward to seeing them Great job for all your hard work!!
I meant a ☹ earlier not the happy one, wow
Both! I'll check ya out!
what are the sections for the HUSH homeowork?
Lindsay Mikel - put down the purses and turn around slowly. Find the nearest exit and leave Nordstrom immediately! -your frugal self
RN20 you don't know what you got till its gone. RIP Ryan I hope we made you proud today.You will be missed so much.
You knew you were in hockey country up here in the NE, Hockey yahoo heaven!
The only person you have to impress is yourself.
good lord!
I'm scared of going back....scared to move forward.
“: You know what happens when you're pretty, funny AND nice? People fall in love with you. Fuck That - lets see where that gets ya!
omg did he accept? what's his skype again? i wanna send him a letter too and buy him somethin :) all his stuff is amazing omg
Enjoyed a fantastic session "On Being With Dying," hosted by SD Hospice and featuring Roshi Joan Halifax yesterday and today. Thank you SDH
Drop product development time by half using customer feedback #SCRM #CRMe11 presentation
you bring my hubby SUCH inspiration ( ha food ++) and I win. We both love your style,your joy. Wish you continued success.
haha, that's a good song
So last week at #PILGF I had just finished meeting and speaking with Arne Duncan, todayI am moving furniture. Ahh, the life of a HS teacher.
how long have you been doing it on your own?
Our Newest DVD Has Arrived! "Trust-Based Parenting: Creating Lasting Changes in Your Child's Behavior" Go to www.child.tcu.edu to order $45
RT : Your "network of relationships" can be one of your most valuable assets ... or your largest liability.
love the new site! Just got done w/ school so more time to read. Rant is on the list
Yes Yes Yes Lord! I OBEY!!!! song "Yes To Your Will" stirring all in me....
Thug life was the reason for this!!
Yahoo CEO and the missing computer science degree
In Brazil now but I hear it's snowing in Chicago. Hope this doesn't mess up my plans to get to San Diego through O'Hare Airport!
When all you do is consume things to galvanize and feed your pain body, you will eventually consume yourself
Today's #ff is brought to you by beautiful photographs. Follow for beautiful shots of campus!
My job here is done... :)
After a conversation yesterday, I think the climatologists aren't doing a good enough job.
nice meeting you at magic.. Lets talk soon
I really want to see it again.
Thought I had but I hadn't. Now I have.
Time to get crazy! What we doing , , , and !?!
shout out 2 she follow bac
salsa- still learning and as for my age range, 18-24
Thats awesome!!! Congrats to all!! :)
are we really #359milesapart ?
Dao said he has gotten them from sources or seen them while embedded. It's like a police report, he said.
well that sucks! Go stay with someone!
Mrs.Buell better love me after all this homework :/
Language matters. Would you rather work in ‘the back of the house’ or the ‘heart of the house?’
Man I'm ready for this to be over
Why does he stay on our minds?
Dueces my Twiggerz bout to hop in the league 2K12
Lots of fun! It also triggered a small bout of Stockholm Syndrome.
Harrison Ford's got your back. RT Totally true: I don't worry about crashing while on AF1 but sometimes get nervous on other planes
"He's in touch w/ his emotions." "Speak your truth." What do these sentences even mean? They carry implied meaning but no literal one.
My moms gonna be here in 6 hours people!!!
Paul Arthur White (P.A.W.) lmao
aw feel better(:
I will beat the brakes off that pussy.
ps. I get slugs in my room. they don't turn into anything.
Do u ever just quit being a quitter?
thank you!
U can block tweets but not bullets RT Only would go to Joe Buddens party to hit OfficiallyPie and Relly with the 38.
Hanging by the fire, enjoying the day with family!
We set sail on Nov. 12, bringing upcycled craft supplies and a hat-knitting workshop to the Trumbullplex. 12 - 6 pm. 4210 Trumbull, Detroit.
Lisa Sun: Ask yourself: are you willing to work at a fast paced and high stress environment?
Ever since , Anita Hill, & the Coke Can, I call'em Repubes.
Watching Madonna try to move is so painful. I'll take michael Jackson in his current state over this mess.
Goodnight twitter.
two more days to Friday Woooooohooooooo!!!!! BAM!!!
that scared the crap out of me!
He's on to us! RT : There's a very curious, and seemingly distrusting, penguin in front of the #Penguincam right now.
i see people who seek joy thru they significant others, you could make ur self haappier than the broke ass buster, alone
Because you don't see me don't mean I don't feel your struggle. I'm work by the hour every hour to get my homies off the block on the real.
Line up all you Cinderellas and Snow whites my Ped Pal foot scrubbys will have your Mr. Prince, as in Mr.Sorta right kissing your flip flops
lol RT : how'd you like to be head of Fox polls tonight? (def sleep/ w lights on); MT Fox poll: Obama up 7 pts
Nothing more embarrassing for a big, strong guy than sneezing with a squeak.
UNICORN IS OPEN & HAS POWER! (and Happy Hour till 6:30pm). Heading there now....i'm scared of the dark!
aw thanks! i'll have to have you over when i'm settled in. :)
Its so hot outside -.-
Can't wait to see the Celtics Thursday night in #Milwaukee!! Shout out to #RajonRondo, #PaulPierce, #KevinGarnett, and #RayAllen! :)
looks like they're taking a leak!
how bout you use that anger to your advantage and meet me at the gym around 10:15?
Me and my bestfriend would love for you to follow us <3 Mahomie forever :DD
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom.
“: If a movie were to be made about our mining experiences what should it be called?” Dude, where's my Gold?
m there is nothing like the nice smell of coffee in the afternoon :)
And what's wrong with that? I'd like to know...// ...cause here I go again??
no its not. its february 19th.
Colleague has brought in her 2nd batch of apple crisp. We're suffering over here at
Tonight is Bikes on Beale and Hard Rock is hosting Military Appreciation Night honoring the Marines! Toys for Tots will benefit!
Folks Be Sayin "New Year, New Me" But Da Only Thing Dat Be Changin Is Dey Twitter Name Doe..
thanks girl!!(:
Everything must run its course..life can always start over new 😊
#ThingsiGetAlot "whoa your cute, whoa your hot" I don't see it but y'all girls do and that's all that matters
if love to, I'll pack right now and get a flight to Hawaii
J Lin taken down a peg...it's about time
"Amy Farrah Fowler doesn't believe in costumes. She's the free spirit that I am."- Sheldon
xD Ohh. I see why your jellie donut Zerran.XD And wow. That is pretty..rare. D: Aha. Hope you had a good Halloween though
DO IT, you'll look bomb. ;)
lol no i dont have it. ill check it out later tonight!
Spending my birthday afternoon/evening in a graduate class followed by the 1st rehearsal for my play's staged reading. Pretty cool actually.
he had a legit reason. unlike Ty.Isnt it funny how Dawn is still so in love with him and also ignacio? how does stiles handle that?
and so does Kim, you and I are the strong arms of the bunch.
#SO to my fellow 500+ badger volunteers! Over 7000 community service hours this semester!
What if the hokey-pokey is REALLY what it's all about?
So i have decided that even though i'd love to wait for someone that doesn't know how they feel about me. I'm just going to be single fo ...
i love u! please follow me!! <33333333333
is #NowMarried and #NowPlaying "Alone With You"
just got done eating some food, breakfast for me :P Don't know what to do till work bahhh
I got stuck in your hood for a LONG time!!
I knew he was a teen cuz he was still in school and he looked like he was 16 or 17 but he was cute but I'm young to him so . . . yeaa
To bad I could'nt make it to the show tonight! I'm freaking sad! But I know you did something awesome tonight! Please follow me U.U
this would be a correct statement
Sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite.
i cant even watch it anymore lmfao
Okay Seouls! My bro has gone to the store with my mom. Let's chat it up before he comes back. O.O
Sayin "sorry" is like a match, you can only use it once. After the second try it's useless .
Anyone else think #osamabinladen story is suspicious? Almost too good to be true.
Raise your hand if you're playing the Beastie Boys right now.
supporting on their upcoming 2012 US dates will be
Do you have hot water in ur condo in our building this morn? Me no.
Coffee is what people drinks and never forgets
I dont enjoy the hair of those kids from One Direction. Those hairstyles fill me with unexplainable anger especially when they were on SNL.
Who's prairie doggin it...Me!
Rainy rainy day in South Florida. Anybody know of flight delays or cancellations at MIA?
Resource Capital Corp. Reports Results for Three Months Ended March 31, 2012
RT : #BreakingNews #Sheboygan Mayor Bob Ryan concedes and congratulates challenger in recall election.
only having to wipe once >>>>>>>
i wish i knew someone who could make this all happen <3 - kels
the moon better be impressive tonight
If you want the link to the -ACTUAL- tutorials, lemme know.
I was wondering why my bones were so small…
Okay. I just tweeted him too. We will see if he replys, I hope. Lol!
Thanks Collins. Pics for sure. Hopefully he doesn't look like E.T.
I said to my boyfriend "you shouldn't eat before you go swimming" He said "why?" I Said "you look fat!"
3 hour power outage: good excuse for staff "holiday" lunch (Happy Pi Day!), office cleaning, and uninterrupted conversations.
The amount of fuckery that comes to my phone is priceless!
Thanks for the follow Maggie! Stop in and see us next time you're downtown Indy :)
IT PISSES ME OFF SO BADLY.
No, watching Dr Strangelove.
I have unhealthy obsessions with &
That's very lefty of you. RT : s fsad f f
#NF the beautiful <~~~~~~~ everybody go follow her
RT : Celebrate your love of red white & blue at Smashburger. RT this msg. & receive a FREE Smashside or shake w/purchase of
I can't believe the dad on Still Standing and King Robert on Game of Thrones are the same actor.
I'm just about to head there myself. RT : At the #LexKy Farmers Market picking up my CSA share!
another year on the naughty list ,should of never ask for that ak extended clip .FUCK IT ,ITS JUST ANOTHER DAY IN MY LIFE ,LETS GO
: 80-90% of people I speak with who are experiencing pain actually make a change in backup vendors
I am "on hiatus" for 6 weeks at my job while it gets sold, so if there's any work, let me know, ok?
GRCH is looking for local restaurants to donate food & snacks during camp week. Email: if you are interested.
Saw today in the hall while touring SHS. Yeah, should have hugged her...
I'm not sure how this happened but I'm now following the beautiful
Uh...it's Orsbon, not Osborn
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset when ppl "swear" to god and know they'r lyin!
Thirst Tuesdays? Noo, that can't be right. Here's to any reason you need to have a good time!
Why have I not heard the #Bigten oops I mean the #B10 mentioned once since the A&M conference realignment discussion began? Huh? Why?
YES! That summer 2 do list doesn't have much checked off...one more week!
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 42
Boise Farmers Market, looking nice and smelling fine today despite a few clouds.
When will Twitter implement the search box and trending topics on the right side for every account?
Mad Genius. I like that. Mad.
There's a guy in this coffeehouse that is clearly depressed about a sig other and needs liquor, not coffee.
Poppers... Who knew? (Sleigh Bells - Road To Hell)
it's all good. I suck at Facebook worse than Twitter.
you need to come party with me and Ziljian sometime haha
APD pops 10 DWI drivers and seizes 4 vehicles at their overnight checkpoint at Central and California. NMSP 100 Days of Summer starts soon.
The distance is getting to me #Missing Him
That’s what I get for not paying attention...which has been a bit more common than usual for me lately. :)
We were in evac at work until a couple minutes ago, huddled in stairwells and inner offices. Storm's headed east now.
#first40songsonshuffle 34. Tell Me A Lie - One Direction!!
Ballard was fun,scored stout for Tues drinkup @ Bottleworks, just got downtown & settled @ the GT 1st & Pike. what to do now?
get a pic and bio, hon! (:
hey jess how u been i miss u
when can me u and link up
Clearly, I've answered your query. Several times. And clearly, you didn't like my answers. Can't help you further, Carlo.
"I do not take drugs -- I am drugs." ~Salvador Dali
I at least try to make her feel better at the end of the night.
Getting straightened out at the chiro.
Omfg Rachel looks so pretty!!!!
Call us 585-222-2899 with your local rochester request!
I'm getting drunk w/ sweet tea ;)
*rolls eyes*
I just wanna be in my own bed at home. Instead of stuck on this air mattress with my sister taking up the whole fucking thing
Got to Lov a girl that brings it !!!
Marguerite, excusable and justifiable
How was your day? =)
RIP Oscar-winner Cliff Robertson, La Lolla resident and longtime Scripps supporter.
I cried more than 2 times when I was seeing it. :( If you see it in 3D the glasses are harry potter's!
this CHICA is out
I want to skate today....
: True test of your character not how you deal with adversity but how you handle power.
check out in woodholme!
Yo! Everyone go follow my bro ---> he just made a twitter... #NOOB ;)
As long as you're going to dream anyway, dream big.
Don't forget to pick up a #WSJ today & find our #BoBNow Ad, page B-5!
Did you get in?
We love stuff.
It's getting hot outside I need sum sun glasses this sun killing my old eyes lol
New topic - Camera Bag for vacation
on who...text me
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone
"I remember when I actually liked you." Really? Well...I don't remember when I actually gave a damn.
Wilt Chamberlain....such a D-bag
Shoot, I was so busy not learning Russian for this trip that I forgot to not really learn Italian as well.
All I ever want to do is pe. WHY, BLADDER, WHY.
what have we gotten ourselves into
I hate when I feel like im not good enough for something..
sure -anna
Boo you whore!
Just saw Planning a TOYS for TOTS Bash @ the Shores Apt 1515 Ennis Joslin on Sat. Dec 19 from 2-4pm. Entry fee=1 new toy
Windmills don't mean squat! You gotta have flavor and musicality
Congrats Bon Iver, a much deserved Grammy. Not necessarily a new artist, but getting better every year.
come at me bro!
Good News, St. Stephen's Community House has been selected as our 1st partnering agency to receive a donation of over 3000 diapers.
Gipsy Kings with a less than lovely, but passable fella (who, hopefully is not on twitter). What are you up to?
next weds at Harlem tavern. I'm gonna be in dc most of this week.
oh well good luck!(:
Anyone who is anyone was a nobody once upon a time. Keep on pushing forward!
A while ago, you rec'd Peter Ho Davies' 'Equal Love' as good reading. Just picked up a used copy and enjoying it. Thank you!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I Hate My Mom
Good morning! Don't forget to submit your writing sample for our very first 'Theatre By the Blind Scriptwriting Competition!'
Wait, is Mitt Romney actually running for president? Like...with the intention of winning?
with and and drinking crown And gettin down
aww thank you
Fantastic Mixer last night with lots of information and demonstrations on 3D filming and cameras and some great contacts!
Beliebers! SIT DOWN! You don't know anything about Austin & your already judging?! Justin has already has enough awards! Austin deserves it!
: Should be a shoo-in for a Pulitzer.
I wouldn't trade it for nothing.
hahahahahhah no I don't mind! Seriously then it looks like people actually read half the shit I tweet.
you think I'm pissed off now wait till that happens.
The vow </3
Music by Felicia Carter & Amy Shook begins @ 7 2night with "My Big Idea" story tellers getting underway @ 8...incredible line up!
“: #MentionYourCrush But I'm not his type. Aka a guy :'( <3” I'm sorry! D:
RIP Mike Kelley. Words completely fail me right now, but this is totally awful and a huge loss.
R U missing #Coachella? Boom Box Surround Sound with Bennett P- listen live right now!
done,I'm waiting ♥
Im really irritated.
hey stop putting ads on EVERY video on your site.
There are few jobs I refuse to post , but SW Baptist U's stated hiring preferences royally piss me off. Unsurprisingly.
thanks for ur msg. His holiness wants me to give u a virtual high five :-)
thank you so very much! :)
We'll be adding new concerts to our profile today! Stay tuned!
I've had one of those weeks before... recently, actually... I feel for ya...
I'm in for belting
Awesome. I will be staying all weekend, but Saturday is always the best night for hanging at the bar :-)
I'm on the edge, of fury.
I noticed
Can big city girl & small town boy discover their true treasure? SMALL TOWN TREASURE by coming 6/22
Friendship should be a responsibility, never an opportunity.
Mark Lyons to Arizona. That leaves Torian Graham, Mislav Brzoja and Wright State transfer Julius Mays for UK.
#Yoga is an integral part of well being and an amazing complement to Pilates.
Expose students to many different collaboration environments. Break out of the comfort zone of consistency.
Make sure u check out local Nobodies EP with myself and free download .......
“: We're ALL Mexican this weekend. #favoriteholiday #yolo”
#NP Pouring' Up - Pimp C ♥
no problem.????
Hi!...I'm done being anti social
Nothing like the laugh of a baby to start your day off on the right path....oh and a Team Vic Matrix shake as well.
k thanks! See you Thursday!:)
I know. I have $20M and have yet to buy much. I should just buy ALL THE THINGS! ;)
Yes, Jay Carney cancelled his press conference..can't find his pink fluffy pen, it's his favorite..tearing up the whole place looking for it
I hate everyone and everything today
Luck and preparation have collided in a very positive way today - sending good vibes to all of you
locking in our last few banner day sponsors.... and then on to the next project ;) Very excited about this upcoming season!
can I be the 41 person you follow?????:D <333
sorry to hear that
...the old "ambush a perp" thing is cliche & I try to use it only when/if necessary. But when I do that I hope they'll share their client's
new job?
WHY YOU SO MEAN TO ME
we reviewed distance, midpoint & all that stupid shit in math. & in Spanish we had to right a long ass letter to a friend.
- agree! It doesn't feel like her personal best - she's usually always on my best-dressed list.
Nice "Fashion is about dressing according to what's fashionable. Style is more about being yourself." - Oscar de la Renta
Happy new years everyone! Hope y'all have a good day(:
Help me get to 300 follows by tonight?! :)
ooohh... Yeah it is you're birthday isn't it? I forgot to send you a card AGAIN! #facepalm Happy Biryhday t-dice!
What about Lowe's FB page makes it your fav?
call me "TW3LV" ; the new me. my producer name.
CONGRATS ON GRADUATING !!!!<3
I grocery shopped. :p
Streaming BBC World not possible today - servers are down! What's up ?
thanks!! Make sure you vote for Vancouver in our Facebook poll :)
Wow 2010. Crazy. Happy New Year!!
Schalke04 website said about 20 fans from Germany. Club paid for their game tickets.
that's dead! That's the past haha
A) Thank you? and B) I just have to find a cute player, and I'm in. Maybe even (blah) Soccer. But it would take alot.
I Cried When I pierced my nose.
Isn't Raheem a 4-3 guy? One of the reasons I don't want him running our defense.
lol. Well you won that battle.
#FF to our loyal followers:
can we make a special announcement for our newest STH
Got new iPhone a few days ago... so many apps... the house is a mess... bills need to be paid... PLANTS NEED WATER... BUT THE APPS!!!
did I see Police Unity cyclists on Pulaski Hwy today 10:30 a.m.? Awesome motorcycle escort for impressive group!
Thanks so much Kathy. And Happy New Year to you too!
Currently seeking #graphic #designers and #webdesingers....Needed for upcoming projects
bread 11's what a bum kid
Holla at the fam for the studio time, mixing, mastering...even beats! They #WINNIN over there!
I can't wait to see this Heat/Pacers series!!
Another test damn he killing me with this shit
Heading into hour 3 of redistricting hearing. B. Tetlow is wearing red; is wearing blue. Nice work guys.
David Bly and Bill Gates Sr rock the room at #2012GEO Radical generosity and hard wok. Love it!
Hm. Someone give me a specific manual on how to get well known in the music industry.
Hope you had an amazing day dear!!
RSVP Members will be helping out at the Grandparents raising Grandkids support group for FCSN. Glad we could help!
When eating bamboo sprouts, remember the man who planted them. ~ Chinese Proverb
hahaha look at that cutie!
I sure am looking to do so. What
It feel good 2 be loved!!!!!!!
The RDA recommends about 56 grams of #protein per day for an adult male and about 46 grams for an adult female. Too much or not enough?
Offical cookie of arrives today.... exciting times in Dallas at #SMILEcon www.smileycookie.com/ www.theSMILEConference.com
That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on facebook and you look like you’re talking to yourself.
Excellent discussion and interview this AM--on TV--I learned something.
New Bucks shirt and kids gear is in! Normal Saturday shop hours today. Noon - 4pm. 1726 E. North Ave. Side Door.
3for$25: Savoyed spinach with shallot and almonds Roasted pork shoulder with mustard greens Soft serve ice cream with magical shell
... Drives appeared to remain constant throughout life, with blacks being more active than whites, men more than women, ...
Great show
I knew you were wild. Figured you had a cute tail.
Say its so
how was the Shazam show last night?
Forecast: Dry and warm inside the Stutz today. Open House resumes at 2 and goes until 7. Come see us!
Totally already ratted you out to the police, signing out a form now. You can so go to jail for hacking a person, Hope yo go.
wtfff computer? I guess you can update windows while I'm doing my butler resume.
really? The boyz have left me to play video games after treating me to margarita's, I feel violated. Come visit NOW! X
In my opinion I think that someone should be looking for at least two new client focused solutions per week to stay ahead of the curve.
You guys made Uber Fiesta happen. You are heroes in my book!
LMAO!! I'm just trying to get like you!!!
CEO and Founder in Brooklyn next week!
Casting new reality show! Do you have a friend in a destructive relationship? ? Email your story:
I can't believe tomorrow is my last day of high school!
man hakeem nick only got me 6 fantasy points today, jimmy graham only got me 3.... but im still in the game
Thanks for a great set visit at your new downtown home today. I can't wait to watch the first season of ALL-STARS!
Hahahaha yes. RT : Who else backspaces their whole password, even if only one letter is wrong?
I agree.
even better.
Feeling great after sun over the weekend
In case you missed it yesterday 's first single #RollerCoaster is now available on iTunes
#VinScully is my hero
I always picture Thandie Newton.
What event do you want to go this weekend for the Arnold Sports Festival? Our vote is the film festival hosted by Eddie George!
Former UW-River Falls star Rick Montreal has led New Richmond to five straight titles in the Middle Border Conference.
There's this kid named & I love him..<3
Why Not??
actually it was pretty gross I don't want to eat poptarts or hotdogs for awhile :)
you are sadly mistaken. They're gonna get spanked. 4-0 or 4-1.
We must contemplate hiring Lord Augustus Harrington to take us to Scotland....he's a wonderful director! -- Trog
All art may be subversive; Vogel's book enthusiastically considers how certain films pull it off.
Exactly what I was thinking re the effect of time
CODY!!! lol RT this if u remember me?? i was the REALLY hyper girl remember? lol
Great NBC performance.
What's with BranchOut on #FB? I keep getting requests, but I don't know if people want to connect or are just blasting all their FB friends.
I would like to reccomend Nicholas:The Fantastic Origin of Santa Claus by
definately, is an amazing technology and even better community! Many thanks to for sending me to DrupalCon
I eat cake with a spoon. ;)
follow me everyone
Erich Fromm~ The successful revolutionary is a statesman the unsuccessful one a criminal.
moday ms mayer told us
its only game one.
Lesson 6 from - demonstrate leadership every chance you get.
@ don't forget to DM us your address today for your FREE tshirt
voss like a boss. (:
NBA No Basketball Anymore Millionaires vs Billionaires Let's forget it and support our great college teams! Go Vikings! PSU PDX
TONIGHT LIVE IN THE MIX AT A DEBUT AT SAN MARTIN!! TOMORROW ALL TEENS NEED TO BE AT CLUB MANSION!! DOORS OPEN AT 7!
I love The Manitou!
Tweeters at the rally tomorrow: use hashtag #pnonukes when tweeting from the rally!
did u name ur cat after Tony Romo? haha cuz im watching football with my dad and his name came up and i thought of ur cat
for lunch i had veggies and cheese sticks.. sounds good right?
LOL! Since ur new to the app, you shld b OK. Just some finer points have been lost, but I'm sure they'll "fix" it again!
On set filming SAG Web Series pilot D.P.I. DISCOUNT PARANORMAL INVESTIGATORS. Like on Facebook
Opportunities are presented when you look to serve others.
Twitter is being annoying and not letting me follow more than a certain number of tweeps in a period of time.
as a fan, it is sad to see you go, but I'm hoping for the best for you with Golden State!
Yes Please! : What makes a Monday better? Cookie dough pieces.
I'm eagerly anticipating the madness
ooh, I'd love to see the Hunger Games early
Saying mean things to another person, will not give you a compliment in return.
darius miller visiting four schools in Clark county today. with him now at strode station
#Caps Vokoun says he was looking at it as a one-year thing when he signed here
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Coincidences are spiritual puns.
err, take that as a positive statement! (silly questionmark typo)
I got a #song I WANa #sing so can u #sing dat back 2me
Can't wait to meet,,truly the most worthed time,,I've spent in waiting...!! Hug n kiss much to my baby boy...!! I'll see u soon,baby...
been sleep all day
Deiondra Sanders forever sending dem goons on somebody. Handle your own mess
Listening to LMFAO...reminding me of Cabo.
I seriously need a break, though.
The S-communities program is unconstitutional a modern Nazism. USA believed the immigrants are a parasitic race. "Neo-fascism "
ah :) What about you?
i kind of wish i had an slr camera, but for now, my iphone will do the trick
staring my day how is everyone??godbless to all
Wish the Knicks would throw a zone at em or somethin...
It's a lot better than having to buy them!
LOVE THIS!!!
uhh no I wait til I'm home and then I tweet.
By far the worst and most annoying lab partner I've ever had..
Wonderful to sit in on Marie Ponsot's class on Blake at New School this afternoon.
fans will come and go, but pizza will always love me back.
This the type of shit that pussy me off dude
hmm ok... u should try doing it harder
Still Havnt Gotten Me Anything Ta Eat Fina Get Out Doe
I'm glad the roads are kind of nasty, because now everyone's car is as dirty as mine.
Theres a little water on the ground and a little rain/snow in the air. We're about to head home.
our ? 4 2nite is how do we as mgrs use the info u shared to assist our artists to understand & implement? Txs Diana @ SM!
Early bird special...check in on 4square today from noon to 1pm & get free beer. TGIF specials have started!!!!!
Sleigh bells - come back kid on repeat!
I'll give it a whirl!
sounds like trouble.
Sounds fun. I'm guna go MIA too.
Nice overthrow by Wilson
Twisting at Allison's Birthday Party in Lexington, Ma. from 3:30-4:30 Pm
": Stepping into the #SXMPartyBarn now is of !
Embarrassing. Spurs have fallen to pieces.
All 2009 and older dirt apparel and gear 30% off!!! Gear won't last long at these prices! Hurry down!!!
The good thing about staying home is actually getting some rest
Thanks. What fields do you think that's representative of? (I'm guessing law+foraging+occupy+parenting, knowing you.)
Hope everyone had a great Easter! I sure did:)
you got me started on subway's chicken ranch on honeyoat & now i'm addicted.
Faith and doubt both are needed - not as antagonists, but working side by side to take us around the unknown curve. - Lillian Smith
Hey Mark Walhberg, when do you plan on bringing back Marky Mark? Us ladies kinda need him.
I honestly don't understand why LBSU men's volleyball isn't more popular. It's a fun sport to watch & our team's good. What's not to like?
are you guys thinking about the ability to add Facebook FAN PAGES when we already have our regular profile added?
Are we changing individual behaviors, systems and finally hearts and minds. Last is most difficult to measure.
what you doing bro?
It's all fun and games until you remember Arnold in Hey Arnold! was an orphan.
Y'all are in BIG trouble. Got the phone w/ all the tricks now. I'm pinteresting all my instagrams from my voice activated tweet deck.
i thiink the clock on my wall is like an hour ahead.... i should fix that-- nah ill just remember that its an hour fast
It was great meeting you again at This office is awesome!
where at
Thanks for doing it right on the way out, Desperate Housewives. My Sunday nights will never be the same. ♥
's Shoulders, Legs & Abs workout today in the Hollywood Hills is going to be Amazing!
Be your best, be authentic. Living someone else's life will only lead down a dead end alley.
Wife keeps hoping #secretcircle will get better but she is losing hope. Finally.
Just saw the hunger games.....great movie
now she sits next to me. fuck.
23- your gorgeous & so nice. austin's following you , im jealous LOL :$
"I'm going to cock later." is what I saw for a sec. .____.
Spent all saturday at the beach...now I have 52 messages in my inbox...boy I'm popular!
thanks for following!
not if she doesn't know.
No relation, but this might make myself and the Clark(e) Trifecta of Rob Has a Podcast guests.
Tear the roof off the joint tonight!
heck yeah! Ugh. This is making me so excited for next year.
Ohnoit'snotall! Are they ON you, or do you see them? I demand an encounter with Michael and Jay wearing them.
#IfItWasntForTwitter I wouldn't be wasting my time right now typing in this Tweet.
What NFL player has Ron Zook Porduced? Cant think of one even when he coached florida
Pancake Halloween Decorating party! Come to the next DCC meeting to find out more! DCC Meetings are Wednesdays at 8:30PM in the CD Lounge.
I'm ready for school to be out, Paseo drains me !
knows Zicam is saving me right now :-) Never fails!
RT : “: Being an entrepreneur is being able to CONFIDENTLY run towards a brick wall. - ”
So, what was your fav swag bag item from our MNO event last night? Dying to know!
Check it out at NaLee2010.com mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold
just did love :)
Uhh yeah we did, I learned many things that were useful to me now, like the art of napping.
Got a show next wednesday the 22nd. Holiday cheer. Northside Tavern in Cincinnati. Low Hanging Wires.
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!
I think it's really dope when people recognize me for the music I make :)
Dear Phone, I Drop You. I Say I Hate You. I Throw You. I Lose You. I Forget About You, But… I Couldn’t Live Without You
Falcons score on the first drive every game. They have a one-series offensive game plan.
Thank you, much appreciated! Gotta love a serial retweeter ;)
It's one of the worst sites on the internet. I mistakenly clicked on a link that led me to it. The CLE content was worth it tho.
Altoona First Savings Bank Counts on SolarWinds Log and Event Manager for Security and Compliance
#musicmonday poll: Why study music?
So greatful for everything in my life!
Enjoying the guest wi-fi in the waiting area at Martha Jefferson while Marina gets some tests.
I just wanna see you :(
Us, too, ! Thanks for the mention!
i think we heard a fox howl earlier... do foxes howl?
I had a Mac miller moment and thought of u
so fun!
