Chess in the Schools College Bound Student to be interviewed on WNBC 7:00pm news on Aug. 9th
Build - Measure - Learn
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!!!! ;) #follow?
you better not take Sundial. Lottery.
Great tackle Stewart!
Huh. Thanks for letting me know! A virus is the last thing I need...
I got a good laugh out of that one. Btw, that kid on the show was amazing!
Sure. We are a week away from drywall and a month from completion.
2 days and counting. Do you have your tickets yet? goo.gl/Yy5SJ
So ready for this week to be over... Praying for a snowday
God Bless that Indonesian ELF who died.. And you are awesome!! Even your last tweet is on your biased!!.
what's good with that final exam you know when it is?
Thank God for pain killers.
7/35 people showed up to this class...
As opposed to a week? =P
T-Maze and his mystery lot! Still working out huh dude?
Wee Rescue will be at the Arboretum Petco with all the Wees this Saturday from 10 - 12. Come say HI!
true. And Fiona's coming.
Who do you relate to most on reality TV today? And you spent some time on , didn't you?
That wasn't an earthquake that just happened in San Fran.
sorry and yeah I did his name is gill McGillicuddy and he's from FINland haha get it
everyone please follow my N.B.T. Buddies
bars and bars with golf cart transportation im bored with drinking
talk about some people being on their period today! jeesh.
Metal News from Las Vegas; Jake E Lee has been spending a lot of time in the studio with "Beggars and Thieves". More to follow.
All the big auction houses are there...cards market is in decline but memorabilia I believe is booming...no kids in either market
parent:ok keep quit will mommy is talking.kid:SCREAMS.parent:i am sorry about that.she gets home,DID I NOT TELL YOU TO BE QUIT.kid :did you?
RT L Breezy!!! Honored to have talented people show up! RT : yessir ! I'll be in the house
#gayisok now can get married.
Be careful who you trust and who they trust.
jealousy is just love and hate at the same time .
Shirley temples. Yummy!
Yes, truly fascinating! How do I learn how to create and care for one? Great idea.
good to hear man! :)
I did NOT break the escalator. It auto stops when something gets jammed. My boot's sole, and my soul, should be reparable.
We're glad you make them! ;) Keep up the great work!
Going wear my hair crazy tomorrow making a bet with my sister and uncle
Alcoholism Statistics Survey Is Released By Down To Earth Video Ltd.
Hey Shopping events tonight! Trunk show ; Thirsty Thurs ; Charity Shopping
This day just needs to fly by.
that might cannibalize the fakegrimlock brand ;)
is on the clock with the Redskins...dare he take Peter Konz? dun dun dun
Zillow, Inc. already is a broker in Texas, they just haven't done any transactions...yet.
When your tweets are indirectly towards me & its obvious.
now I'm really sad :(
So, the next level just means "upstairs"! Best of luck, keep in touch.
Good win.. Headed to grub and then game at 7pm.. My son is showing his all around game.. Guarding positions 1-5. Not bad..
Its far from over!
thanks I aim to please
no... beyond that. Ugh 4 to close? Kill me now.
Thank you for your service. :) RT : Goodbye it's been a life changing experience. Thank you.
"You don't need more time, you just need to decide" - Seth Godin
My brain is a bit frizzled. I keep switching between editing technical documents and writing a wedding ceremony.
the #classless is to the doubters!
I respect Chris Brown, his talent is incredible, but let me be myself or unless if you want me 2quit the session. Datgum this musicIndustry!
#SignsYoureAtAHoodProm. Is that ankle bracelet state provided?
i need to travel... the galaxy...
If anyone catches me singing in my car, my immediate reaction is to stare at them until it is equally awkward for both of us.
that's a lot of cupcakes.
It's embarrassing reading blogs where the bloggers so obviously want to be unpaid A&R reps.
Shower Time (:
i sad is not there
nice, thanks anyway!
Making a semi-conscious effort to harness Twitter. Oh shit, is that Louis C.K.? Following.
And these folks too!
such an energetic crowd that cheered on tonight for their 26 home game win vs Great basketball.
it does seem a big change, but could be your last Rx was slightly undercorrected, let me know if you want me to take a look
BBQ Kettle chips, and granola/raisins/sunflower seeds/walnut/choc chips..& ginger ale..extra deliciousness. =)
You and many others disagree but I don't consider it sport if guy is out on his back & opponent can jump on him/bash his face.
In the studio w/ and unique beats picking out tracks for their EP coming soon!
I know it was like ages ago! :( Nothing much just came home wbu?
found ya. Good times in Philly soon!
Check out - definitely seems like a #DCDrinkUp type of place!
NOW SAG
more shows featuring drag etc is a dream come true even if it's a cooking show
heck ya!!
The Daou tune!!
Oh, the note that left the media is wonderful. Best of luck to him and his family.
Will not be tweeting during NFL draft as I'm to attend the Marvel screening of The Avengers w Draft anger will be on tape delay!
get chu some
Watching Chronicle for the first time! This movie is sick
&quot;How to Increase Online Sales with a Little Marketing Moxie&quot; From ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Damn jealous because Chilli wants to come to me SMH
Calculus in an hour. Suhweet.
I love how is running the directioner world! Now 70K followers and growing :) Just have one thing to say... Mo!
If you're tired, rest. If you're hungry, eat something. The opportunity to exercise will still be there. CG Philosophie.
I'm in the mood for a great dress & a happy hour. Martinis!
/ Twitter says to follow you. What are you doing that I should be concerned with?
hahaha I am :( schools over, now we can hang out :)
Going to bed with the tv on, just so I can feel like people are around me. I know people are here for me, but I've never felt so lonely :(
So hard to care about all these classes, I never used to feel this way haha..just wanna be done.
CHEER HER UP WITH A TWEET BOYS<3;)
Fun Fact of the Day: Since July of 1995, 31,335,181 people have come to an event at the Rose Quarter!
at the Google Dev house right now. Where are you?
Thanks for the mention!
Have a blessed new year
Filmed new video last night. Thanks to all who helped in the process .
thanks for keepin the faith buddy. Topped it all off with a Cinnabon. Not kidding.
Good night, Robert...
So car shopping is very stressful and disappointing there are really no good deals and everyone wants you to pay sticker...no thanks
Tweeps! Only 3 more days to use your 15% discount...make it count! Pass it on, follow us for the discount code...
stylistically, the infographic is fine, but in terms of valuable data presented in an easily digestable way, I agree- not well done.
hi hon good morning to you too hope its a good one
El Pastor wishes everyone SafeFun!!
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, and always with the same person.
Words are more treacherous and powerful than we think - Jean-Paul Sartre *Say what you mean and mean what you say. Always.*
Let's hope the morning goes by fast so I can get back to her <3
oohhh I wish I had some of that here...thank u so much for the well wishes. Hope you have a beautiful day!
Happy happy Birthday!!!! <3 : )
Paul's Boutique is a treasure. Unlike any hip hop record of its era. The Dust Brothers produced a classic. It mesmerized me.
In Berkely Springs, WV for the weekend.
Happy Birthday to our Tournament Host - hope you're having a great day!!
I wanna dress up as a homeless person, carry a baby, make up some crazy story and loiter around in the subways to see how much $ i can make
Happy birthday to the homie :)
hey luviess it's here
“: can and please tour together again? PLEASE!!” I second this notion
Improve your spare moments and they will become the brightest gems in your life. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Is completely in awe of God's unexpected blessings! So thankful he is in control!!
ONLY IF YOU GIVE ME A TIME. I RARELY PROVIDE ONE, SO DON'T JUDGE.
Adult co-worker just used #smh on work IM. I have a new found love/respect for him.
That Hobbit article really has me worried now...I hate that "made-for-TV" look that the critics are describing. 48 fps brings that out...
: looking forward to your tweets! Great day.
Its going to be another beautiful day!!!
yay followed me (:
HS softball: Sun Prairie's Nicole Hoffman with an rbi triple to give SP a 4-3 lead over Poynette in top 8
A Wise Fool-Tips To Help You Avoid Being Audited » A Wise Fool
"What do I look like! A charity house?" -me, when my roommate uses three squares of my toilet paper.
The Avengers - A Movie I can honestly say that I have no interest, or no desire to see. I know, I'm in the minority here. Waiting for TED
Despite crazy PGH traffic I made it out of the city & am on my way to #AAM2012. Currently eating sad french fries in Chicago.
Let's be fair...EVERYONE knew that the team to beat in the west was OKC...it's the only team in the west that can actually play the lakers
Their definition: "socialism", any govt or pol that wants 2 help poor (at all) &/or tax the rich (at all)
The flowers outside the Reynolds Club were alive, well, and still stickered this morning.
After a tragic chocolate milk spill onto my #blackberry and a week of drying time, my curve is working again...
Chin up, buttercup, it'll happen! This time of the semester is crazy anyway. I'll take you on a date, if you'd like - #froyo? :)
Looking good Jane. Blondes do have more fun!
“The future enters into us, in order to transform itself in us, long before it happens.” - Rainer Maria Rilke
ill have that money real soon
Read my bio. I'm a Marlins fan, but respect the roots!
I just did lol
I'm trying to study but my eyes are slowly closing shut :x
Join for a free #wine tasting Thursday from 5-9pm @ Montage Wine Bar & Tasting Room. 304 Liberty St., Morris, IL, 60450
Sectionals tomorrow.....against number 1,2, and 3 in state for the 200m....
#TheAvengers was freaking awesome! Hulk was a beast!
My dad can't take me to school tomorrow so I have to go alone )))))):
70-year-old Portlander fell and broke both hips after trying to squeeze into a pair of skinny jeans.
Friday: toys for tots benefit. even if you hate us, you don't even need to watch us just please drop by something for these kids. <3
Great meeting you this past weekend at MF, have questions for you but can't find your email!? Please post it.
just bought her monthly (!) metrocard, and has managed to not get lost thus far. :)
I wish If was a Fifth of that vodka...
23 A chicken farmer also has some cows for a total of 30 animals, and the animals have 74 legs in all. How many chickens
Thanks for the follow and for being a charter member of Well City Milwaukee - making wellness the way of work.
thought you were on board with tessellating the cheese! just got lunch and witnessed so much overlapping cheese!
I think it would. I could help test it with my account. :) Forgot about that one...
Have to use sun screen in Cali, Moisturize of course, toner YES! bronzer no
#WSOP conference call going on
RT Get your tickets early for our huge Halloween blowout! www.HalloweenOnTheHill.com
That could be it! Was reminiscing about library school with and the DAWN OF THE FREAKING INTERNET
I failed you once again, yet you still hold my hand.
I'm munching on a frozen Apple-Banana right now, and enjoying it WAY more than should be humanly possible! <3
Having a dual monitor system is the greatest thing. You should try Quad Display setups ;D
See you at the Science & Technology Job Fair!
: ' presser description: "Come for free lunch & eat it within sight of a living legend, stay for the press release."
congratulations. Ravenclaw is a very calm house where pretty much nothing happens. Everyone there is just minding his business
Chocolate covered expresso beans and redbull were a good choice
He that gives should not remember, he that receives should never forget. -Talmud
21 players left, dinner break
Richard I normally agree with you. Heard the rant. As a 21-year veteran of the biz, he's right. Where is he wrong?
I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move. ~ Robert Louis Stevenson
So go and tell your friends that I'm obsessive and crazy, that's fine, I'll tell mine you're gay.
Hansen's pitch is fumbled and the Buffaloes now have a 3rd and 23 from the AZ 27 yard line...bad turn of events
Sent to leave this work is bs
I don't even watch ball like that but damn everyone is going in on Lebrons hairline ..
T but its also said ppl w/ lung cancer often don't tell bcuz stigma "u must've done it to yourself".It shouldn't really matter
#ThingsIReallyCantStand big men that flop
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate
burger king in Maryland
agree.agree.agree
iight sounds good
Thank you Derik, have fun at the internship.
My Phones Been On Lebron Mode All Daay, Smh :P
I've never heard silence quite this loud.
😄😃😉😜😝😏 RT : My mama sending me to West Memphis.... By myself. Lawwwwd, what trouble must I get in? 😉
going to Frank's Diner with my Dad in Kenosha to eat and talk baseball and tunes.
Why is it always on the last night you find the cool spot to be!!!
Got a new beat I think you might like !!
I couldn't Agree with u anymore
What's your school?
Thank you Jessica : You inspire me. #doveinspired ”
Don't you wish everyone in the world would notice for just a moment?
Wowzies!..Electronic music is truly mainstream with
Made reservations this morning for It'll be my first time there! Haven't seen Nora in years.
do they really have those there??? Hah cnt remember the last time i was there
I did a D: when I put that one together.
Thanks. I will check.
Preparing for the heat. Drink lots if water today.
#SCMS12 if presses can't imagine the future maybe we don't need the presses. Hello libraries and societies...
People wear costumes at RT? Aw, Romance writers are so much fun! (Have a great time!)
Brown hair, blue eyes 😍
np, love the sound of your band, reminds me a bit of Oasis and Stereophonics. Best of luck. Most def, tons of venues in SF/LA.
Last day of vacay....I'm cleaning,organizing, and checking things off my to-do list.
ah you should! I'll be here till the end of may! And then I'll be back the end of July!
u better get up n pee cause u never know if u might have a bad dream... jk
Just went rock climbing for the first time in six years. My, how the mighty have fallen.
digesting poolside . this could take a while...
Pretty good. One step at a time! You?
Really 9 I don't care about Michael Jackson's doctor's sentencing. Put my Damn soap back on!
i dont knoww why. but when i see like someone from the UK wearing Chicago stuff, like hoodies & stuff, i get excited xD
have heard good things about Magpie.
Wisdom teeth splitting my gums wide open
I put peanut butter in the freezer. THAT'S how tired I am.
Boise misses you, too. Come back soon.
Just completed a 4 hour Cleanology Mini Retreat. It was awesome! We are ready for 2012: A Year of Change!!!
96 notifications make a nigga not even wanna check em all..smh
people who have cameras at all will be calling themselves photographers until the end of time. Truth.
we won second. a tad disappointed but we did really good and i'm proud. :) went to brad taylor's class! amazing as always!
The hottest show to hit tv RapCentral coming soon!
I read it on your Facebook 👈
5th grade teacher who brings her class on Fridays wants me to do a Pokemon activity. I'm at a loss. We hardly even have anything Pokemon.
Time to celebrate whats important. Merry Christmas!
Your hubris will be your demise.
There are some that don't! Like She's not cruel at all! Just gives her take on things :-)
I know! It's not our fault people are on top of these things. :)
im pretty close to unfollowing everyone who is at #sxsw. come hell or high water i am going next year.
Thank you for your support Al. So glad you and your wife could join us and that you both enjoyed the movie! See you on Monday.
#YouTubersInIrene for trevor
Wave-Stars, Jr.Gulls-LJ Jaguars, OCHC-Jr.Ducks for A ... in addition to new NorCal GSE and Jr. Kings-LAHC. whew!
YOU BITCH. Let's hang out. I like you.
; just another Thursday .. Ugh . /:
I don't understand my homework this Math factor stuff are stressing me up!=|
Apparently there is only one hour left. Talk about fast food.
we love us some NFL!
Two more days of classes and then final exams.... I hope that my students are studying!!! www.bubbabrain.com
Congrats and on the amazing video. Already over 35,000 views!
Phil Chenier is baffled by Brian Scalabrine's popularity.
Very interesting (not really). “: I'm at Costco Gas Station (1600 Expo Pkwy, at Exposition Blvd, Sacramento) w/ 2 others.
I know because he obeys me 😜
The Saturday of Memorial Day weekend! Eek.
RT Black Sabbath isn't from Milwaukee? Don't worry, we'll make our own. MOON CURSE (this record is so good)
what? No gay marriage? WTF!!!!!! Obama dies now.
My husband had to make a training video on proper phone procedures for work, & he used "Yakety Sax" as the hold music. Unappreciated.
Real facts in my music no fabrication unlike most rappers I know
is a digital hoarder
To the guys who "created" Words with Friends: No, you did not! Scrabble did.
So little time so much to do :(
I have a video of being Albert Einstien, wanna see it?
nest chair rocks!
Katy Perry is freaking gorgeous.
thanks love:) Jeff
Going to ride at nelson's, good luck and in big air, and in best whip!!!
Buck shows some fire in bottom 5th, ejected and fans loved it
You know why there are no black serial killers? They get caught after the first one <----------- joke
haha, lot's of t-shirts on in the wave pool???
If you stay next to me you're close to a blessing, so I'm guessin I could get arrested for aggravated flexin!
The #Medifast experience is personalized & private! If ur a current Medifast client, share ur story with us!
Thanks for passing that along.
: is the winner. Naturally. Look, I care so much, I'm even twatting. I never twat.
#oomf never answer my text, well let me find da delete button..
Winston Churchill Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Friday, why don't you motivate me??
Yes. $2 to sit. $1 to stand.
#10FactsAboutMe 8. I love irish accents
on accident!
Shock Corridor (1963)—Sam Fuller's trademark twists in a tale about an undercover reporter lurching from macho bravado to catatonic collapse
Can I slip it on underneath?
just created a game, im bigslick789 on there.
Jessica is amazing :)
love u kid
I have not. Where is it?
Today is not my day 😔
oh my my you dont know what you do to me
1000% higher love for you.
I will not waste your time giving you information you can download from the web, or get from a book you could buy off a shelf
Add mee on Facebook. Facebook.com/lilmizzangie129. :)
lol hell yea. I'm mad I just found out about it. Downloaded all 3 seasons lol
wow! That's serious!
every thought counts.
Sorry, could be the hottest day of the year so far.
perfect! Let us know what you think!
If i trust you with money, your special!
u are fricken hilarious
RT : If your a Nuggs fan, you have to hope that there's a creepy MF'er that lives in Birdmans basement & uses the internet...
So i think when you go to Yarhoo.com it should be a pirate version of yahoo.com, #whatdoyouthink ?
Tons of talented people have made our 1st season a success! Come celebrate a year of Spark & see what we're doing for Season Two on...
All 3 #CSURams football players expelled for fight with students.
In spite of all our communication technology no invention is as effective as the sound of the human voice!
State Fair. Fried food was consumed.
Getting ready for and his iPhone/iPad workshop. Should be great, just wish wireless wasn't so spotty.
//I hope to one day know that feeling! 7pg paper about to be submitted!
Kitty pryde=last Friday
STAIND Rock Style 'Singer-Songwriter' needed for 'Major Film Project'. (Serious inquires only, please ) email:
I've started a new leviathan. Not yet to the point of posting pics, but expect I will be soon.
Bitch we GBB and we gone fight
Stop by and have lunch for $9! Includes homemade chips and drink.
Check out www.themissionlasvegas.com for information on how more art, music, culture, and sustainability is on the way to Las Vegas.
#nowplaying werk me by hyper crush
Way to go Fletcher!
Glad you could join us for a bit.
Jk no pop quiz, it was a joke....#hatebegonia!
Today I'm going to be fixing myself up. Face and eye masks, hair straightening, and relaxation with magazines!
What the fuck are you talking about & what the fuck does it have to do with me? Learn to use twitter before you tweet.
Great night for Gardner
LOL! --> ": RT : Play w/ ya man's balls. They're important too lol."
Ah, my own private Utopia.
#ERISA attorneys at #ABA - last chance to stop by the #PLC booth and enter to win $250 spa gift certificate this morning!
any day any time for u
Thx for the shout out tweet!
On my to tyler for a sociology field trip.
I would pay up to $4 for some kettle corn right now.
-he better check up on it, lol
Thank you and prospero año, Pat.
Taught Don Quixote today and quoted you: "I reject your reality...."
All ready for Christmas
I need to go home
I thought August is mr.Gold's son.. but now i'm confused o.O XD
Getting ready to go to Monstermania See you there
2nd Future Goal: Create My Own Clothing Line..Shirts,Denim,Snapbacks,Apparel..
Remember when Cesc went years wo/ winning anything?
Hey! Awesome! Which one did you end up collecting?
me either but it's supposed 2 b rainin
I do too thats where we always eat there when we go to Nashville!
lol! I'm sure would give you a pass!
Well dream big and make it count!!! RT : Don't bother me when I'm dreaming, don't bother me when I'm dreaming!...
I'm good :) How are you?
Fried right now
The 2009 conference season is winding down and the Luna team just returned from Educause in Denver and MCN in Portland. Nice to be home.
I finally got to watch One Tree Hill series finale! Very good episode, actually all of season 9 has been great! Will miss it each week!
I miss you big bro
"The person who says something's impossible shouldn't interrupt the person who's doing it" ~ proverb (via ) cc
Perhaps we should be less literal: 2012 could be the end of your "old world" and a chance to truly transform. A new world of soul.
Thanks for sharing! And hope you enjoy your massage !
Sleep is a beautiful thing.
my potna says shes back at the T but i havent seen her around yet....
New way to apply classic librarian skills: app chats! Share gr8 apps for kids & facilitate discussion w/caregivers. Tweet it, 2!
Awe felt bad for bret it seem he had nine lives after that sack¡ 49ers qq ok can't wait bay2bay
Have a fabulous Friday, my friends! Make today the best! ☼.•**·.☮♡*☼*♡☮.·**•.☼ “Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.”—Proverb
alcoholic tear?
SOMETHING GIRLS ALWAYS TELL YOU:"I LOVE YOU." AND YOU KNOW WE DO(;
Not saying you are, but the dating service's idea users.
*jumps, knocking over several boxes, spins around* oh! Erm... hi. I was just looking for something to eat.
Hey, they turned the heaters on on CTA platforms. It's not even cold today.
oh i thought he was cuz i went on his list of following and you were on it
Wait... Didn't Beeson Ball used to be in November?? I swear it was on my birthday one year.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
well i'm going to soccer practice so it'll be useless anyway
Sunday morning rehearsal, my back is a block of wood, my hips snap crackle popping...this is what happens when I get too much sleep.
I need a passport man!
Much more than a Grammy Award, that's what you mean to me.<3
So so true!
The Women's Ministry met on yesterday &laid out their plans 4 the year. Women's Day weekend takes place the last Saturday & Sunday in March
Its the 4th #duh “: Niggas think spnding time with a girl 3 times will make her fall in love? Wtf fantasy world you live in”
Alpha Delta chapter brought #LITB to U of Cincinnati for 82 years, starting April 25, 1919. Happy Founders Day AD alumnae!
I look around and everyone has their iPods and phones out. 👍
dillon, what's urs? (:
they are so cute! what are they called?
Awww throwback, classic. I had that on a Hit Clip. omg
Some things are so awkward to say, but so easy to text.
I've decided to chill out about you, if that shit is meant to be it'll happen for me. No rush
whats up bro
RTB Give A Shit list cont. DJ Quik + Big Daddy Kane + Salt N Pepa + Slick Rick + Prodigy + Bone Thugs. I mean... that's crazy.
The Illusionists Kisses!
If U Need More Info Re Our Tweets, Please Dont Hesitate 2 Ask. Mobile Adventurer.
I hope my kids teachers don't do that. smh
Is everyone on this train putting on perfume/scented lotion?! Is this an evil conspiracy to give me a headache & ruin my decent mood?
My interest *piqued* by the sound, I *peeked* into the owl's nest at the *peak* of the mountain.
I have a great free promotion site link on my profile if you need it. Do you follow for follow? i am intersted :)
Cheer was a handful todaay!
“: Happy Easter everyone!”happy Easter to you sister!
Karaoke right now at the safe house. $3 gentleman jack also
“: After a season of #Tewbowing, Denver decides to get a quarterback whose last name actually ends with -ING.”//Clever
Should I be surprised at all the strange looking people at Moontower Comedy Festival?
hey TL...that's what I call you...so ur on gmail and twitter...smh....you think you know ppl...bahahahahah
Those moments of honesty with your best friend (':
Listening to Rush, Kraftwerk, Donovan, Wings, Laibach, Big Audio Dynamite, Blondie. For WORK. I win.
"I was drunk and sampled your stocking" - a texted received earlier perhaps slightly unique and perhaps amazing
we'd blindfold and make him decide?
Why am I still awake?!?
it was great to meet you -looking forward to getting to know you
Stop !!!!! I can't watching videos .. Ahh God when i see he smile i wanna die *fly*
#IvanNova just got pulled on a #medical w/ 1 out. He got hit w/ a ball on his right foot earlier. #ClayRapada in.
GIVE ME "cock".. Lol
“ Aye Bby You Summer Time Fine”
Determination = Success
Ancora. Love it. Love. It. Miss you seein you at Kroger all the time too lol.
Just like Prop B is about "pension reform."
Where there's smoke there's Hams and Turkey's .
#Movement mix with
Eavesdropping on the #phdslam in UCC...
I'll owe you one too. MLA?
You have to watch it like 10 times. When I first watched Step Brothers I gave it a C-. But then, months later .. magic!
I just want to go home!
when we feel STUCK its most likely 100% of the time bc we STOPPED in the wrong place doing the wrong thing.
he can be scary but also terrible.
How do dogs know to look people in the eyes?
showing love ;)
Saturday ima be busy, after I leave the tattoo shop, I'm going shopping for some of my birthday stuff, I ain't got shit else to do!
Where can I find the 2012 season schedule online? I got the book in the mail but want to share the info with a friend.
Can't say it any clearer than that
nice! Lucky you!
anything for pumpkin and melody :)
Eagles return to Florida in December 2nd year in a row on December 9th
know the sacrifice this type of life actually is.
QOD: For maximum benefit/recovery, when is the best time to eat after u workout? a. 15 mins/b. 45 mins/c. 2 hrs/d. you shouldn't eat after
I'm in class , tweeting LIKE A BOSS (;
Watching Felicity is like an Alias reunion! I love shows like that.
Good point! Who else are you thinking of?
Get ur tour starting today through feb. 7! Some days not available. Purchase at box office or ticketmaster.
We've gotten a ridiculous number of entries for this Wombats giveaway. It all comes down to random!
Prove it? Irony's body is right there. And deconstruction retreated into its hole to lick its wounds. THERE's your proof.
Very awesome! :o) I think writing music is amazing...I have a new found passion for it after this experience.
I'm not... but VK should be, he's like an encyclopedia for all things Philly.
Manager told me I drum to a different beat. That means he thinks I'm awesome right?
“: How about me? I've been a huge fan since I saw u in Vegas in '08 with John Rich! Love ur music!” Thank you! got it
We both *clink glasses* No doubt
who was the best 15-1 Team that didn't make the Super Bowl? 98 Vikings, 04 Steelers, or 11 Packers
"The most important skill we need to impart to our students is learning to learn." I love this!
Standing in line at PHiladelphia airport. Two people reading the same NYT op-ed "When Roommates were Random" I'm curious.
ILU. Next Saturday. Bones vs Evans. No filming or beat making for you. Hanging out with pals.
At church getting ready to hear a word.
Going to play softball and hit the gym
RT God, family, friends & $ in that order.
Dear cutemen,&I are looking for eyecandy.Please make your way to xoxo,B
Though I'm doing a church tour the non-profits and DV shelters are really wanting me to come and speak.
Tiger Woods is done. He'll win again. Won't ever be dominant. Mental stress/many swing thoughts don't = good golf. Just another guy.
That's a good thing! Just carry the momentum to next week.
Is it safe to say muslims b goin ham wen they sell oils lol?
Exactly! Never a bad time for a tiara!
Waiting for the money chirp. One of the favorite parts of my day in
My gym has officially turned into my mom. Today they sent me a guilt laden email that contained 1 line: "We Miss You at Lucille Roberts."
Tall Boy Tuesday Tonight, washes down that BBQ reel god! JC
Wow... They scored...
Shut up about North Carolina like get over it.
Broke my keyboard on my phone, fml .
drinking beer in the hot sun
m/b we can use some time tonight to reflect on topics? I'm feeling pretty chill :)
It was the right choice, but the colts in the past weren't known for making the obvious one. I hoped this would be the case
count me IN for more photos :-)
Alright, thank you so much for checking for me!!!
crazy out of touch bastards all of them!
I'm dying to know your name! :$
Bought a new mascara, happy day for me. :) <3
Can't wait to meet at DWTS May 7th! See you there ;)
A military family needs size 6/7 clothes for their son....in a bad way right now. Would anyone have any they are not using?
.RT: Actor Paul Walker is sending a medical team to Indo. Help him get donations at www.ROWW.org
Freaking refs! They need to stop betting on games and taking bribes.
except for me cuz I'm yo favorite white boy;)
I dislike this kid 😒
#infosec #cyber #cybersec The Secret Lives of a Social Media Teens
Nnnnnnnneeeeeeeellllllllllliiiiiiieeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!! It's a secret, ss!!! 😜
tell them that Nowhere has manufacturing and distribution rights? but if you really want to shell out the $... :)
New icon is easier on the eyes/stomach. Thanks.
Perfect sunny Sunday do far. Church, 7 mile run and then dinner later with friends!
The low cost of inflatable renting is an economic way to add huge fun to your event
Bro idk how to play!! I gotta learn RT : im expecting you to be there, see if your good at beer pong
You can watch the Rangers.
rude! Hahahaha jk um I think where we live at ... anyway what u doing?
haiku, when nature renders the poet speechless
No thoughts lives in your mind rent free
til the end
i am not a hater. i'll show you how to tag people monday at school
thanks Tim!
Yes others as well... i just like to cook ;) RT They're saying cooking. Also sports, cars, games, you name it!
You teaching Cal some of your tricks to spinning a story?
You should def buy some tickets from us! haha We are from ME and we need to sell 15 tix to the show:)
Gimmie some sugar!
Anyone else getting this new Tweet spam from 0/0 accounts with a nonsense message and mention of a marketing Twitter account?
When there is a mouse in your ceiling and your cat just smiles, yawns and stares at the wall.... It's obvious he's found boring hobbies.
Chapter 2012 Page 83 of 366 It's okay to be selective about who gets to be a client...not all doors need to be opened.
Hoping #Alcatraz can fill the void in me since the last episode of
I can't believe it either! :D
Mr.D's tip of the day:Make sure your contractor is using quality paints and material when painting your home.At Mr.D's we use only the best.
WTF?! What happened to a woman's right to choose?
Hope you all are having a good valentines day :-)
last night's #EverythingNow show at was #epic - wow.
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist human nature
did u get my tweet , phone acting up
This is ridiculous! Can't sleep, wrote 12 work-related emails! I'm going to do some laundry and eat an early breakfast.
Nice to see in the leaders jersey at #Vuelta, nice job of work by Froome to get him there
limewire is getting sued,where will I get free music?I just have to buy it from now on,ExpensiveAnyoneKnowACompanyLikeLimewireThatWorks?
Love that word! Trailblazer & Radical describe a dynamic personality. But, can one be thoughtful/quiet and still be "radical"?
So proud of you guys!! Looks like you're having fun!
My Allergies started today, probably got them from you. Thanks a lot!
Nope. Not even a little. He looks like an eighth grader playing Harry MacAfee in a middle school "Bye Bye Birdie" show.
yah, if work schedule cooperates I'm going to head over with from my office. i'll text you when i commit
This is embarrassing for the Lakers lol
Good news, bad news- #LALakers won the 1st round - yay! - now they face the #OKThunder - yikes!
Um currently drooling over some rice tennis players
MOTHER OF GOD, WHY IS IT SNOWING?! Fuckin A.
I feel like I'm not working because I love what I do. If you haven't found your true passion, keep looking! It makes life more worth while.
Holly shit... JV needs to step it up!!! We look like shit and have a big game on Sat. and even bigger one on Sun.
"Everybody has a story in them!" -Karin Slaughter. We think so, too.
that's sounds better than
What do Woody Herman and Liberace have in common...Today is their birthday! Happy Birthday gentlemen!
were they bald, kinda plump, cartoon yellow; and named homer?
Just got out of prison; disoriented.
It was hell ,hugging on my mama from a jail cell!
shit at home tranna get out east
Why give a fuck?
The Tickets for Detroit are going on sale tomorrow at 12pm
"A sentient nature, when suffering, is better than a stone which is quite incapable of suffering." - St. Augustine of Hippo
Getting nervous about being away from M from Thurs till Saturday.
I'm mad I almost killed a cat last night
Norris lake!
yea yea!:)
Having sex at least once per week can lower a man’s risk of heart disease by 30%, stroke by 50% & diabetes by 40%.bit.ly/vlUUNU
Watchin the '07 UK/LSU game. LSU #1. UK won in triple OT. Can't wait till football season!
Love to hear it! What did you have? RT Just enjoyed a fantastic lunch ~ good as always!
Auntie Em has decided to dish out something extra special once she reaches 100 followers! Help the ol' girl out with a RT!
"The highlight of my first 10 seconds of consciousness is seeing the new creative way you've shouted s out!" - GizMo #YouRock!
Morning world
So excited for tonight!
How do you feel about James Casey from a dynasty perspective? Any upside there if I can stow him on a taxi squad?
where do you live?
lol bartender got me all giddy inside
Kid can't even read #billymadison haha
Looks like I am going to be taking a trip down to Florida in March.
at least we get special treatment.
Finally out of work ....
REALLY want to get UC Classics on Twitter; Love the idea of our projects, news, and possibly musings being accessible in tweet format.
Updating profiles and illustrations.
Hitting 2nite on tenor w/ organ trio inspired by Stanley Turrentine at Showman's in #Harlem USA (125th betw Morningside & St. Nick's) 8:30
Agree, this is like Fox's purchase of MySpace... RT : I dunno, a billion dollars seems like a lot of money for old timey polaroids
When is your graduation?
Missing out on festivities tomorrow in honor of my mentor's retirement. #BUMMEDFACE Congrats to Sam on his well-deserved milestone!
Kids! Bring friends & siblings! Create a FREE CRAFT (PENGUIN PUPPET) then put on a show! 11am-3pm (HazardCntr/SanMarcos)
A sneeze zooms out of your mouth at over 600 mph!
hope u enjoyed #jewish heritage night at the #wizbobcats game!
Huge news coming in the immediate future! Stay tuned and prepared to be stunned!
Only 12 more days till Fair Lady opens at
LOVE: Leah Miller &amp; Jonathan O'Brien - Philadelphia Inquirer
#SXSW can't wait to see you Friday for SPRINGBREAK w/ The Men MMoths /
When my mom sends me videos of the Drake concert <<<< assface -.-
MT": Breaking News: Obama says we should all calm down. Crimes should be tried in court of law. Not in media.
Departing from my week with he Denali. Thanks It's an great truck!
: gotta love
u can go to barnes and noble and purchase it there
We have an away game tomorrow so don't have too much fun all up in here. I will be back.
To market, to market to buy a big huge heaping helping of Four Kids Fudge! OH, Yeah!! #scottsville #farmersmarket Open today 3:30 to 7:30!
Watch us live today on at 9:30! We're shaking up our #holiday cocktail & recommending Thanksgiving wines!
Famous last words
Making fudge with a favorite old recipe. Chocolate is my favorite food group.
How about a caramel latte with that #bookchat? DM me to have me participate at your next #bookclub meeting. www.dolcegustostore.com
working on some new additions for my show and am looking for someone who can record tracks...if you know anyone let me know!
It's hard to believe in something you can't see or feel.
Bite your tongue, you Left Coast surfer-dude!
i got a lot of presents today but my mom got more then me but she mostly got wine
My to-do list is full of undesirable things, so I'm adding fun things: pedicure, rent Jane Eyre, bake brownies, nap, plan escape weekend...
Q7 Parker Posey in Party Girl!
no. nothing even remotely close to nude.
GOOD MORNING (3/30) we will be presenting 'Tie-Dyed Artist of the Sky' w/Jonathan Wolfe.Refreshments & cash bar will be available!Starts
Thanks Omar!! You're the best!! Thanks for dinner. Always a great time!!
going home to mellow out.
- Welcome Chris! Thanks for following! I'll be sure to read your book soon! Robin Lynch Aerialist
en route to #philly for the ! i hope they give out soft pretzels ;)
nice work! what did you go home with at the staff party white elephant?
I was thinking the same thing! They're now saying the boat is about a half mile out.
Beware: tweets only saved on twitter 4 @ 2 weeks, then poof!
my boy kitty keeps ripping out his whiskers...I think he wants to be a lady.
MT 3 Year Anniversary Party tomorrow! RSVP for COMPLIMENTARY wine tasting ---> Happy Anniversary!
I can just hear them laughing in my head.Freaks~
Happy Mother's Day to my mother who dragged me along to every museum in NY turning me into a museum lover.
aaàhhhhhh!!!!!! Tell him I LOVE him for me.
Second round of training...new group, new week, new delivery approach.
I heard u guys were nominated for Outstaning new artist CONGRATS you guys deserve it. ill be voting, good luck and 143 guys
im in San Francisco ;-)
it's really me in all my fleshy, non-bot goodness!
im here at the fiestas with my father haha time to show him SA haha well the good part about it
i'm back on the twitter
I had to exit the room b4 she ran out. Didn't wanna get expelled from school for giving head during naptime.
good luck! ^ag
They do don't they. I listen to ghost train twice a day lol
So excited: interviews scheduled w & for article on stay-at-home parents/authors. Inspiring!
The tray lys between the concrete and the leather
#highfivethursdays going on right now with at
#PrivatePractice No! Benjamin Bratt ... Damn, pick ME! Addison is a fruit loop!
We love that you share so many great things with us,
“: "you make asians look bad." ”
She touched her eyebrow and thought: eyebrows are nice, like little pets, soft to touch and always there.
My twitter account has been hacked into again. 3x this month. Sorry for any spam you might have rec'd.
Wow. We just hit a client design approval record. 26 minutes. BOOM! Well done ^ag
Lou Williams has never known the time and score of any game he's ever played in
Sitting on the L in Chi wtng for the severe wthr 2pass b4 the train will lv atn. Flight is already delayed. Tornado watches. Sleeping @ MDW?
i wanna draw travis clark but i can't find a picture help
we actually are in the market for a CNC lathe too! I wish I had that kind of cash, it's stupid how much these machines cost!
Number 1 seed in next weeks USCAA WORLD SERIES!!!!
thanks =] u're nice too and fun to talk with
Em has the thing on now, I removed myself to the kitchen
DELL Appasure is application protection software not data protection
Cheers to that!!!! RT Love the winter wonderland in Wisconsin!
full metal joustingg....This showw is entertaining ,(:
Newark mourns the loss of Whitney, of one of its many gems.
Dont have a hateful bone in my body... Except for Walmart
Imagine your life without your phone. The boredom is terrifying, no?
Kicking it with Jimmy Levan founder/owner of Metal Bikes.
odd, wrote blurb on my g+ stream containing term 'emerging democracies'. which was struck through after posting. i'm wondering why...
": Because you know I'd be devastated without you!" 
What did you do with this gorgeous day?
are you in san marcoss
I didn't think the first one went through? my bad.
Haha people's statuses claiming that they are real "G's" in Mayfield. Man it's a small-town country place. Go to the city, see what happens!
Makes for a good day. U might enjoy R online casting director/ agent workshops. March 10th LA CD Ty Harmon is R guest. Cheers
4/15 - WA High School Mountain Bike Race. is really making this sport come alive for our high school youth!
Literature business upgrade, the next level, to preserve the art.
Screw it. Getting scala-bison + jflex1.5 running is a complete expletive-deleted mess. Parser combinators and living without a BNF, I guess.
Did you go to school for photography? Where'd you go?
New cafe hours next week we're opening earlier 6am starting sept 26
Practicing my business presentation for tomorrow morning. I love talking about money with people.
hes so kind hearted :')
but i am glad your ear is feeling better now you don't have any excuse to not being able to hear what i say anymore lol
Large hail here in Murray but it's passed now. Bed time again!
But on a good note I finally got time I play my game
Pineda gone. Hughes hammered. Vaunted #yankees rotation not so vaunted anymore, and
I feel the love even though I'm not there! That's why NCPH is great. I've always felt welcome & accepted!
thanks chica! :) I can play the part here and there ;)
Another sunny warm day in Chicago! Getting a much needed carwash!
wait, what?
FYI...the Red Sox won the World Series in 1918. Thought that was about as relevant as the rest of the UT piece.
Omg <33333333 I'm so happy right now <3
Just had to b one of those custmers at mccds today call the ppple on tht ass bd serives
Looking forward to never ever watching Bristol Palin's new reality show.
Congratulations to one of my favorites !!! ;-)
yes, I'll;) thank u!
Javonni, we're doing a #HousingForAll campaign directed towards tomorrow/thurs, can i email u details?
I could be a cat right now
this nigga gotta be high af
When my phone try's correcting "hell" to "he'll".....HE'LL NO!
Hey : please explain to me why Mad Mike wants to take on Pat LaFontaine
I dont care if the only place i go to this summer is the #1girltour i just wanna go!
First Rehearsal for "The Pitmen Painters" today! Welcome to a GREAT cast and crew - we can't wait to see what you create for this play.
If you sent an invite but it hasn't been redeemed, we should probably give it back to you. hm… ok, we'll fix that :)
missing blunt ..finally found! #mydayismade even after that bullshit
I'm looking for examples of average industrial/labour wages for the UK in 1817. Can anyone help, or point me in the right direction?
thank you! :)
All new gun safe interiors for 2010. Don't be the last to view this latest gun safe inovation. Visit Gun Safes 101 website!
@ nancy, a clever thought flaccid faith
Way to go Nephew Jack! Congrats on you graduation! I hope the world is ready for you! Go get em!
Will not forget the night we met you at Xtacy in S'field MA. You got DNA on my partner's hat and it's still there! HOT!
on the upside, avoiding that one project is really helping me get traction on a bunch of others that had proved quite uninspiring up to now.
another flawless parks & rec episode
This wind kind of stinks.... Putting it kindly... :/
Whether or not Denver win Bynum is eating his words #CloseoutGame and you didn't show up!
hahaha!! That's makes 2 of us! Love y'all and everything, but I like being alive. Lol
fasho lets make a
Hmmmn...thought you were a TBS commercial!
I mean, re: Gervais's new show, I almost cried. It's about a low aptitude man working in a nursing home. Including Karl Pilkington!
pshh, ya right
I am now in those damn chairs...
most of that lag is before the click handler even gets called?
Need a female R&B vocalist ft. on a hook............Hit me up if interested
Thank you Mark! The authors of MC have turned me onto espresso in a major way and I frequent and love coffeegeek.
Whatcha got in ya head now?... All kinds of images
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
Just bought 22 LCD monitors for 150 dollars. #yolo?
* UPDATE * PERFORMANCE TOMORROW EVENING !
i can make it work, if y'all can
Double duh! RT Gay people should be allowed to marry. Duh.
that's the way to think :) why doesn't everyone think that way?
-Why are dudes always throwin air-punches when they're listening to music? <<< because everyone else is doing it, lmao
you got me so worked up, I might not be able to sleep tonight. fucking hell. looks like i'll be hittin the ambien train
This is the part where I wish I could click my heels three times.
is getting ready for a family picnic with Sydney's girls scout troop for Father Appreciation Day! Fun, food, games & water balloons!
I'm increasingly impressed with how many tweets people can send out in a day. It's mind blowing.
Yep! If it's still good for you we're on!
ME!!! I really love austin mahone
Yeah you like that one?! Working from home, I know this one well.
yep I know I do until they give me a reason not to. Excellent products and service.
Physical symptoms of Bieber fever: Shaking, Crying, Smiling, Fainting, Screaming,Singing really loud,Heart racing., Ive got it.
haha thanks aaron. yes. i will def be messing with people
I wish I could walk and dance better
1 week until prom i still need my shoes, accessories, nails, hair and makeup! i have a lot to do!
I just did, Hon! I hope you would check out my page on facebook too. :)
this summer, i wanna drive down an old dirt road late at night and just park the car, get out and look at the stars, with you ..
I'm glad you liked Zombieland, now I feel more confident in wanting to see it.
Heat Me Up A Burger
stop instigating!
sunburn, soil under my nails, and phone calls from Jamaica do a Funday make.
Watched Downton Abbey on TiVo tonight instead of college football.
very true. However their are those rare individuals that can influence good on those whom are negative in your circle of friend
Big win over Taft for hockey. #taftsucks #7-3 Bigger fans
not now I'm working :P
I feel like at of all my friends me and are the only ones who listen to country...
create a new project, extract the operations from the old one, and apply them on the new
I'm bored someone entertain me. What's new?
You know, I did not! I should have! I gave them some of Freymann's books and THE PARROT TICO TANGO and some easy NF.
ah, happy birthday to you too!! xoxo
5 total Streetpass Miis--and 5 new Puzzle Swap pieces...and I got all 4 Pink pieces in the Star Fox puzzle...
Going to see the Avengers today (finally). Then me and math going to get to know each other tonight.
Almost ready to watch the final episode of "The Walking Dead". Can't wait.
Gotta stop hangin out late. These early shuts fuckin with my sleep.
this show is so good
cause you are on my mind. ♥
There's a value - people want in - they're not just doing this to help. - on kickstarter backers
The reason why they really love all the boys in the yard fighting over there HONEY????
All these #sox fans always talking shit and they garbage team is 3-10 in the preseason lol and my cubs are 6-8
1st day back to work after my vacation and being in nola yesterday for the game this day has been hell and I'm exhausted
Rockin' out to a little Shocking Blue into Soundtrack Of Our Lives while cataloging miniature pianos - my job rules.
It seems all I need to do nowadays to change the world is sign a petition online. Activism made easy.
yeahh I'm up in there
I'm still hungry
Wow! #December already? It seems like #time doesn't march on. It truly #flies!
How did I ever live before having MLB Network?
looking for a business development account manager at indigo! dm me if you are interested or feel free to shoot me an email!
Happy New Year, Twitter Fam!
RT : Every one of us can look back and see times when God has blessed us. What is God doing in your life? - Too many blessings!
You're no fun.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, BRYANT HICKS, Director
haha don't go g2. Not worth it.
i have no idea lol
Tried something different tonite with calves. Sets of 30. Wow. RT back after u try it 6-9 sets.
+1 RT : Can we just release an actual shark in AUTOCAT and see what happens?
Sick ass tweeters u guy are on point with twitter LOL
If Cena wins, there may actually be a legit riot in Chicago.
viewshare wonikiness was that opening up a link in embedded timeline opened up in the iframe rather than a new page which was odd
FINALLY!!! Notified by email today! Funding for Mali Project approved. Now we can make an official announcement and seek matching funds.
Thanks, great community effort!!!
Cunningham said plan 3 mos. ahead. Saddler says that's asking for pain and fiasco: give it a year. Seconds the daylight savings warning.
Before you came in to my life...
We currently can't follow anyone at the moment because we hit a limit? Keep tweeting at us, we will get to you!
:-) I'm not tripping
when u goin to play in south Carolina again
We are FABULOUS! :D I'm rating us whatever the equivalent of "exceeds expectations" is on EVERYTHING!
YOBO = you . Only . Bad . Online YOCO = you . Only . Cute . Online YOTO = you . Only . Tough . Online..
I am so sad that has been taken off "until summer." Ridiculous.
I'd prefer they win!
your welcome Jake :)
This female really just had a big phoenix bird tatted on her neck with 602 under it! Lol
shaddap, I had a hangover this morning. But now I am all good. d:
the attack or doing nothing? The attack is just a matter of time the doing nothing is because Obama is spineless
was tearing it up today!! Dude is a monster!
Where all dem Heat haters? Wat y'all got on da Knicks?
u will know what I'm talking about when u c me
What did he do this time?
try group USA they have some pretty good selections.
Might be able to see an #indystage show tonight. Pondering my options over lunch...
LETS TREND SOMETHING ^_^ WHAT SHOULD WE TREND??? #feelingtrendy.... How about #AriArmyLove or #WeLoveAri <3 ?
Extremely productive at being unproductive.
I just corrected his incorrect definition of socialism! He called Obama a socialist...he isnt!
I've been asking myself this for years!
ain't forgot about you boss. got you today, 100%
aww! Happy birthday! Hope you get to run the Bund!
Hi LinguaFrancaF, thanks for following!
What are y'all eating on this wonderful Monday?
what about watching YouTube videos of #LinSanity at summer league schooling John wall a year ago? Does this count?
people saying Kobe is to old.....I hope he keeps aging if it means he's gonna keep dropping 40 on fools..!!
Closing a fuel valve and turning off an engine apparently takes a long time on an airplane
“Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler.” Albert Einstein
Interesting! Can't wait to see what happens there. Swing back thru DC and let's go check it out!
Usually #Myfavoritesongis "Comfortably Numb" by Pink Floyd
"You can't pray the gay away."
Detroit we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
just this.
Responded to FIRE @ 73-76 197 St, Queens, NY 11366 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Also braves beating up on the cards!
]Buy Vietnamese Student Association's Lunar New Year Show at the Box Office at $5 with authentic Vietnamese cuisine and live performance!
Would love to give you a demo of SimpleGeo's offerings! Email andrew [at] simplegeo.com to set it up.
THAT'S RIGHT, BITCHES!!! #flyers. hahahaha
yep but u remember reneciah
so do I!
Thanks luv!! Btw didn't know you're from #Antigua? It's on my list!! :-)
Singing at universal studios drunk w u xmas songs and dancing does this look weird
it's awesome I think are the words you were looking for ;)
i paid $8 for that muhfkh i dont like to waste my $ so ill prob smoke it all..... price of cancer $8
FOOTBALL SUNDAYS!! COME IN FOR EVERY GAME..
If they don't have the chutzpah to act a bit meshuga, they're nothing but a shmendrik.
what do you think Geiger's 1st order of business will/should be?
Brick walls are no fun.
I'm like really full I dnt want to get out of my bed
Love this song....#NP His Pain - B.J The Chicago Kid & Kendrick Lamar >>>
well you deserve it! Your impression was seriously spot on!!!
Wher Brad and his homeboys hang tonight?? I feel like beatin his ass.
check me out on the fantasy ladder... #tjdonkeysfc just saying...
school starts for me September 1st.
she turned her 15 minutes of fame into 15 months of fame
You're the absolute best: "Gang up on me you two bitches, go ahead!" cc
yes yes please come over soon :)
any news about the album cover deal?!
RT : My lazy Saturday afternoon watching History channel was interrupted by Feature #Film business. Love my life.
This announcer is terrible!
keep ur head up:)
because you are too caught up in believing that this is it, that you are better than the past and the creator of the future.
Why u crying :( -MB
its rainin outside silly goose.
Now I know why The Artist was a silent film.
Love is stronger than death...death has not won!.#WhitneyCNN ; TD Jakes
good question. I guess it is music that brings you back to when things felt special, like dressing up to ride an airplane.
Gooool! Suarez para #URU. Spanish announcer is still announcing the goal. Somewhere in the world, Gaelano smiles.
Just now putting my swollen feet up, but I think I am finally starting to feel ready for this baby to arrive!
Do you like Tuesdays?
I'd love some stickers to compliment my new MacBook!
Thanks for the RTs and go data!
He is playing like he is ready to make a playoff run…..
BE kind daring creative funny positive loving loyal honest genuine fearless generous original brave optimistic grateful unique happy
actually does get her haircuts at super cuts.
Eight Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
"Chalkies" is apparently the new term for Caucasian people. Spread it around like VD.
making lots of friends today?? girl after my own heart...
can't count. FTW
NOW APOLOGIZE FOR INTERUPTIN THIS TOUR! PUNK MOTHER FUCKER! APOLOGIZE BITCH!!!!
Haha! I'm the same way. I don't really miss Korean food but once every few months... it hits me!
well it's do or die for the #ChicagoBulls tonight... it is a home game..so LETS DO THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ha! the reason I'm on twitter of course
Video: Put your best foot forward in these funky spring shoes
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
Just arriving at the Asian cultural festival candidates forum. Speaking soon.
they are awesome
Well gosh...thanks Jerryn!! RT Now being followed by my favorite local architect (other than myself :-)
S/O to the bitches who do a bid with a nigga only to watch his ass dip when he get out.I bet he talked mad game in them letter huh?
I like u
Hey birdie birdie
hi Liz, it's Q104Kelly. 10 bucks if you can guess where I am tweeting you from.
Ice Cream yum!(:
Praying that you and me might end up together its like wishing for rain while standing in the desert
you won the debate, well at least for those that were listening.
I am glad we are of like minds, ma'am.
I slept for 12 hours. Now I can skydive.
what? I'm confused at your last tweet
Lied! Actually only spent $70! Ha.
PowerOfStory note 4: Online, you need to storyboard Visual/Aural that compliment
903.. Still hate him
four times huh?? Maybe it's time to re-think the red hair before you actually catch on fire!
you love that ;)
Kalorama Park is the most adorable place in
HOLY HELL. You are beyond talented! I loved your cover of LMFAO.
These temperatures are getting rediculous.
with 11 days of school left there is no longer 1 bit of motivation in me.
Don't believe the florist when he tells you that the roses are free.
it's nothing specific(:
Don't neglect the resources that surround you.
puppy included?
FREE TACO BAR and Pig Roast 5pm-close.
Every day.
"This tweet is your tweet!" I love #folkmusic !
I could go for some real futbol right about now!!!
oh m r like real talk did mindless behavior really make a new song like real talk im fu** twekkin
Reason 13 to love the BBA: We are a 1 stop shop! Enjoy grocery stores, clothing, coffee, financial, reality, yoga, pubs...& the list goes on
YES! Chelsea fucking WINS! FA Cup CHAMPIONS! , HELL YES!
Word to the rapists RT : Congrats to Kobe. He won. He's still a rapist but he won.
Dont let life's occurences make you bitter....dont lose who you are! October 15th 2012!...
haha. That would be really cool. I actually started giving it some thought. We could include a couple of Colombian staples
probably around 10:30... one stop before Rockit. Going away party... obviously Rockit was a favorite spot of theirs :)
Should the Brewers consider sacrificing some of their outfield depth and trade for bullpen help?
CD purchases grew last year.
Possibly this fall! If not then, then this winter :)
My older brother got to meet Wale in a club down D.C. Also met Fat Trel in a stripclub and said my lil brother fuks wit ur music[;
Just been working, life is boring for now being done with school and all, thinking about my next endeavor i want to pursue... lol
your so hawt ♥.♥
Awesome! Best of luck! ~ : Oh YES! Local film crew in the house.
Big joes and sons “: Best place to get ya ear pierced????”
I stayed in the Valley,Noth Hollywood and Garden Grove.
sextip, put her legs on your shoulders while she's on her back and POUND IT. She'll love that
A classy & perfect ending to one of my favorite TV shows ever!
Getting "Loyalty" tatted on my hip!!
“ Let's see if I can get drunk tonight”
I heard the Jews believe the Messiah is supposed to come on a white ass. This makes no sense to me. Anyone?
You could've left me standing there with no1 no1 2 care u promised me u'd b there on time n u did just what u said!!
Oh, thank you!
Is there a point in time where utube will stop changing??? Doubt it.
Well that should be living donations.
Good to hear. RT : Out for a run on this perfect day in Madison
sounds like fun;)
's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is
While he plays with his snake?? ;)
Love the Vespers--I know their sister Sophie!
Family reunion with and Vlad and I realized our once-baby cousin is now basically running the world.
I did get the package, thank you!! I'm going to take a pic with it and post it everywhere tomorrow!! Smells TOO good!!
That's right. Start with tea bags and graduate to loose leaf. You'll notice a HUGE difference.
I hear people talk about their pandora has ads and mine doesn't (:
I better be on your list! Excited to see you this month!
It's working now. It was out for about an hour about an hour ago. It's not my account, but thanks for letting me know!
: josh huestis just won the slam dunk competition!! ... erik swoope close behind w/ a dunk over mike attanasio!!
I think it would be even funnier if you posted those MSGs that they sent you so their GF's could see them lol
Miss you need to seek medical attn immediately looks like you have some type of infection approaching your boob
Still got my heartbeat ;)
Home is wherever I'm with you. 💜
Loving this mild weather! How are you going to spend your Friday?
That is so true about AZ! We bring it all outside.
why get mad? They have the best Team in the country but their slow starts away from rupp will be their down fall.
Step 8: Make it happen. Stop doing what you know is wrong NOW.
#DearSanta: Appreciate all the gifts over the years. But please stop using my roof for a reindeer pit stop.
thanks. I'm in good company :)
Always excited about new followers for my #milwaukee food blog! Thanks
Going to be weird tom night @ The Heights. Conflicted. Want players to win, but the team to lose for the sake of
For a creator "Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Video and audio are passive compared to reading. But there are certain instances where they can be very valuable.
Stressed at work. I need an US mag, a chocolate, a massage + the spa. Prob will only get first two tonight
more weird than 17 consecutive texts?!
Great minutes from Ryan Hollins
sure Stacy! U just keep telling urself that!!!
Its sad to see tht somethings never change..isn't it?
Thank you! We're glad you dig Opera House & hope you dig the rest of the EP too!
It's been months since we last talked and I'm still holding on
Larmey ... well, at least she has all the letters in there. It COUNTS!
damn wish I was ur pillow lmao!
Fartknocker. :-( #SportingKC just got equalized on a PK from Chicago.
If you live your life under others' opinions you will never live "YOUR" life, you will live THEIR life.
Being Stuck in a closet is no FUN -G.SMOOT)
Workshop. Closed session. Board meeting closed session. 11 hours. Discussed budget stuff at workshop
Im done now lol
browns moved up to 3...is Richardson worth it??
absolutely were you watchin it??
good point! And I have been looking forward to it for weeks!
Great first broomball game of the season...but I cannot believe the ref benched me for two minutes.
This sucks
Hello lovies, how are you today?
Clinical treatment via cloud computing?? Safe Bio-Pharma working to enable remote doctor visits, diagnoses, & prescriptions.
Let's #goRANGERS let's go!!!!! And the crowd is going wild!!!
rofl! Shoutout to you!
#Virgo where MB will take you on your birthday: where ever you want to go
Feeling like my dreams are further away than they should be
Definitely...FB chatter from friends is bad enough, but from a brand it's unacceptable. Valuable content is key.
hahahahah i hate that im gonna be late.. i got court Monday dammit
Digital Literacy Brainstorm. RT : What is 's class doing? Taking notes about my fountain? Welcome!
RT : If you are a person of gratitude, everything is always good. If you are ungrateful, NOTHING is good enough.
It is always teh rains when I wanna go out.
so where are you from?
Not the #nfl but this is bomb a** high quality football. Lots of former #nfl guys
My dog is now sleeping next to me, who is this and where is my real dog
I want OKC to win it all...
It was excellent to meet up and hear about your adventure filled summer!! Thanks so much for the inspiration--see you in Sept!
Today should be fun. I think I had just enough time for my head to graze the pillow.
Wondering if any of my Twitter friends have tried Shelfari & what they think
well we gotta.. haha and ill finish
they are weak up the gut. DT MLB S. And the right side of the OL.. .
"Everyone else in the room can see, everyone else but you..."
Is today a lazy day or what. How bout sum tuna on toast for lunch. YEA BUDDY!!!!
we so need to hang out one day!!
good point. Plus, I declared today a wash once I knew MCA was dead. Lol I hope ur fantasy wishes come true.
Got my ticket today! #ABQ #happygirl I can't wait to be a part of change :)
Through my rise and fall you've been my only friend
One day I will tell my grandchildren about a time before Facebook, when people went to the gym w/o telling all their friends about it first
Thursty Thursday anybody???
Getting off of work early has never felt so good. :D
Just made a $200 bet with my dad that I will eat healthy until august
March madness!! My bracket's not doing half bad but at least it's better than yours chump
Mayweather still undefeated!!
thanks, dude!
Dear all the jars of Nutella in MA: Move to FL! You are way more socially accepted here. Your friend, Taylor
"It's hard to have a heart, and try not to care".
Come on the #Bulls are playing absolutely no D. Like they just folded in the 3rd since I began watching
you killed flip cup
Always great to be a Florida Gator!!!! RT : maybe "it's not so great to be a Florida Gator?"
New Goodie Mob album? I think I like that
I'm at the gym, on the elliptical trainer. Forgot my earphones.
sure, I can do that too!!
Check out Dj smallz new single"Southern Smoke" with drumma boy on worldstarhiphop.com that shit crazy!!!!
American Terrorist
Productions Audition in less then a week
Record weekend at Thank you to all those that have visited and enjoyed.
your welcome
Thanks for RTs Mentions
Having dinner at Fig & Olive with my old man... Then going 12 rounds with
Damn I dont be on twitter on tge weekends I need to start tweeting away... but I don't want tweeter jail
Live Like You Were Dying...That's what i'm doing.
semester is over. variety show is cleaned up. vacation time!
Hurry if you still want to see the show at Ocean County Artists' Guild. Show take down is Jan 29th. :)
I think no one is in my house and I run down stairs to get something in my bra and there's a bunch of random people chillin.
Meeting some awesome people this weekend And the night goes on cc/
Chair of the #CBC #Congressman Clever join specially invited guest at #Embassy of #South Africa #Freedom Day Event . Celebrating democracy!
Just got to meet one of my mentors, the President of Disney ABC Television Group, Anne Sweeney. Couldn't be happier today!
Almost to 200 registrations for summer camp who will be number 200? We'll let you know. Don't forget the earlybird rate ends 01/31 save $70
Gave it a good run! RT “: Thanks everyone for your support. Final vote with Blaze's endorsement was TH 4816, MR 4346.”
Swag Swag Swag on you <3
Well I do. Me and Ricardo talked about this yesterday!
"I know, you know that I know. I just want to hear it from you"..... -_-
Great. Its raining. And my hairs gonna puff up. Perfect.
wat wood i sing really though
I can send to you
No long lasting or frequently used candies or gum with sugar. This includes TicTacs, hard candies, cough drops, Altoids, etc.
Don't pick me. pick someone from the SMS and decide what our NYE resolution should be.
The dutch win! Wow, that is awesome, they finally made it! Will it be Germany-Netherlands?
is this about who I think it's about?(;
Thank you for the follow:-)) Have a wunnerful weekend!
'OOHH-tis', girrll u bout to 'Lift Off'!- RT There's a strong chance tonight will be the best night of my life.
Game of Thrones renewed for 3rd season.
Bed! Got that jury duty tomorrow.✌
Most random trip ever is bout to happen. Crickets and tanning. Probably not in that order
defamation suit? seriously, you're a joke! you got caught red handed accept the punishment! Haiti must be really proud of you!
they're not. But don't pay attention to me and my bitching.
Researched Kelly Thomas case and feel so sad for him, sad for police, sad for all of us who are blind to our homeless brothers and sisters.
boston for new years
what teams they on? I know brackins what else ?
Is it just me or does Ribeiro look like Achmed the dead terrorist?
Malaya Business Insight
Thank you for the #FF!
- Uke fell on my laptop, and now I can't check my sites...now it's your problem.
RT : Don't look now but we're exactly 3 weeks away from the first pitch on Opening Night at Safeco Field.
cant have bothh
we can play Doctor?
*sighs and goes get another oreo* here. *holds it out*
#ThingsIDislike Leading somebody on.. Or somebody leading me on.
Craft lover? <3! Don't miss these on #FollowFriday - (via )
cute kids in that sandbox!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to helping OC improve the lives of our students.
I'm hungry and I want to eat something bad for me.
I'm about to start popping pills again, but this is for a cause. Red Riding Hood on Netflix tonight, we'll try this on for size.
also thanks for reading the blog. Comment sometimes stank.
And can you imagine how your dishwasher would SMELL afterwards? It's hard enough scrubbing that stench out of a pan!
RT apple.com ACCESS DENIED.
Thanks for coming in! : My wife and I had a great time tonight and the choc pomegranate milk stout is awesome!
Oh my goodness how did I not realize how great Beckett was all along.
Age does NOT define maturity!
