Winter Warmer!
Going to school(:
Relying on the government to protect your privacy is like asking a peeping tom to install your window blinds - John Perry Barlow
Hi Mark-Thanks for the follow. That MyShoppingGenie sounds really interesting. I look forward to checking it out.
oh, and I got my symphony chocolate bars
Variety calls our World Premiere of #MonkeyAdored "One of the most captivating attractions around right now."
Every 6 months or so I have a brief bought with amnesia. I forget why I haven't given up caffeine and try. This round lasted 4 hours o_O
have you seen the start up list? 95% of them are men. So go figure...
u still there
hey y'all! What's up?
haha, that's the same thing I was going to say!
do u even have a facebook?
Any NY-based improv troupes who do narrative, longform improv wanna join our festival? We may have a few slots; DM us yer deets!
Oh man, i might throw my computer across the room.
Its funny how yhu want me to work for some dats already pose to be mine...smh...dats y im workin to get it on my own !!!!!
actually now just checked. How funny we BOTH got our tweets on our respective birthdays Whilst out eating a birthday meal......
Heading to the 6th and the Phils are clinging to 1-0 lead.
Retail stores aren't the only ones with great deals for the Holidays... Lennar's Fiscal year end sales are going on right now
Thank you and for the RTs. Have a great Sunday!
good job for making Jeremy Lin out to be bout race rather than talent and than headlining "Chink in the Armor" to top it all off
Now it's NJD's turn.
Assistant TO THE Regional Manager. He must get sick of hearing that. hahah
Just heard a page for Rep. Marsha Blackburn for a flight to Nashville at DCA.
there is lots of thing to do that will not be boring and twitter is not one of them lol
Please fallow me!
what's happenin down there ?
its ok lol well be happy lol=)
and I was told it was on yall that ssgmusic didn't make the call but thought that I would and should win for sure. But???
Aw, I wish you could've come too! Next time :)
I'd rather watch Friday night lights than lost.
just became the greatest twitter account. Go
Everything is happening - - that's what's happening Twitter.
RT : Before the sun comes up, we're only 5 degrees from our record high. It's 56 in Detroit!
March happens!!
It's Saturday and I'm NOT teaching! First time in many months...What should I do?
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. ~ Ayn Rand
Nothing last foeverrr
Going to the caps game!
Pandemonium June 2nd
Columbia on monday? I think so!:)
If Friday doesn't happen, I will not be a happy girl.
Stan should shake hands with some Head & Shoulders. It's a disasta!
“: we were born to die” -- shit that's true . Fuck it I was born to thrust Zayn YOLO BITCH
I don't understand what could possibly make my mom not like listening to Big Sean - Dance Ass, it's a good clean family song.
OUCH! Feel better dear.
Rt When you love your work you dont count the hours #TChat - but your +1 will! :)
If your reading this, rest assured I love you.
Will do. I'll start at the home office in three weeks. Can't wait to catch up!
agh you're such a douche! Why, you finally made it to Nationals then you don't want to go. que paso asere?
When does absentee voting start in Alabama?
Speaking today at the southeastern venture conference #sevc in DC
EVERYBODY STOP WHAT YOUR DOING AND GO FOLLOW FOR ME PLEASE HE IS SO AWESOME!:-)
#Didyouknow residual stress, worry & anger make you unable to sleep well at night? Have you ever tried an aroma diffuser to relieve stress?
...or be allowed to wander in wax museums unescorted!
actually wants to be here when I watch him play. Like he had a lot of ups and downs this year. Nd that's just something
Oh em gee. What a coinsedence. Me fucking too.
Today is the day to bike for cleaner air!
ahaha good one (;
We are having a wine exchange fundraiser on Dec 14, it is a great meeting to visit if you've been meaning to!
Polo polo down
Your next step is to teach the kids how to use Mommy's present! It's a twofer, new lawn mower = new landscaping team!
I am still torn between smaller community Non=profits or working with USAID. I really want to do international work but ...
Is at Barnes & Noble at the Grove. 14 security guards and screaming groupies everywhere
Wish that Chalmers stops committing stupid fouls! We need ya Rio
We taste tested the wing sauce and beer pairings for Beer Week yesterday! Make us a must on you Beer Week tour
wow!!! Where is my red one! Lol
Shower. then bed i guess. im so fucking hungry, i haven't eaten in two fucking days, awesome!
LOL Happened to me yesterday. I came in like 101 out of 110
We're meeting with Bob Hope's writer Bob Mills to discuss a show format for 2013 and other top secret ideas.
Planning travel funding for the year. Anything publishing-related I should attend? Other ideas?
there is. It's on gary thomas bluegrass MMA page. Have you seen it yet?
I really do have the book too!
Ah - - the missing Croce's girlie-girl.
Hey, glad you caught that. We're excited for her Sweet 16 on 7/7. Jody has been great.
have you ever given D a rusk? Just found some and I'm pretty sure it's his favorite thing ever.
Spending time with family while dealing with a loss is lovely. They're helping me so much<3
the Nuggets need to learn the difference between "don't foul" and "don't defend" at the end of quarters
the best hangover cure. I miss Toppot!!! Cc
so bored. anyone want a shoutout? no? okay.
Wow, Jerry Sandusky is a sick man.
$2.75 Marble pints all day long!!!!Cheapest Marble in town.
A fact about me: I cry myself to sleep every night, but I don't tell anyone.
S/o to for the follow
Okay, I guess after completing two series and loving the latest movie, I can no longer deny that I like Star Trek.
Okay, Seriously. twitter isn't your psychologist. If your crying go get a tissue.
- what it do my G
I love your momma :) Your parents are hilarious!
RT : Globally, nearly 1 billion people have no access to safe, clean drinking water! Today is #WorldWaterDay !!
There are plenty of bookstores here that would be happy to have you. I'll shoot you an email.
yeah afterwards sounds good
We don't grow unless we take risks. Any successful person is riddled with failures.
Mall security at jwoww's gnc appearance describing why no photographing in the mall: would jeopardize "critical infrastructure". Puhleeze..
I love when sung
New album drops today. Grab it while it's hot.
nana had a body like 80 years ago....
Yeah its feeling like a good night....
I had a great time! Shops should always serve wine or champagne while you shop. It should be an experience. :)
Fantastic to see all of you yesterday! How was your meal?
That's a done deal!! Just hit me up when you get in town.
"We are excited that we have a chance to take the Rickey Calloway Concert to Lebanon, David Griffiths is one of the most trusted people"
The google homage to Charlie C is amazing.
With the sun out..
And if by awesome you mean #HungerGames nerds, you are correct :)
So let's let my tax money go to ONLY stuff you don't want to pay for and yours can go to what you want. Everyone wins.
People need to just stop calling people nerds. Here's why: 1. That is SOO 90's 2. Being stupid doesn't make you cool. In any way. At all.
long weekend or are you sick too?
Zimmerman and Kony need to fight till the death.
I still say moment would be that much sweeter for him if he were decked out in a #SidMashburn suit...and sockless, of course.
oh shit. That's crazy. Nah I'm good.
i think my mom heard me moan last night. ah!
please do.it wouldbe 100 times better with someonei actually like.
People are finally starting to wake up lol :D
And THAT'S how you start a spring
Im going to the pacers game tomorrow and I cant even be excited about it because everything else today has gone wrong.
CAN MY DOCTORS APPOINTMENT BE SOON PLEASE? id like to be able to eat without these pains :(
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :3
You would. ;D. What are you doing this summer?!
Undercover investigation reveals land lords renting homes contaminated with lead. Tonight at 5:30
Technical drawing is kicking my ass this week 😣
ah, I've been neglecting you twitter. Hey Portland (OR), find Diffusion at Reading Frenzy and check out their other indy press
Heh…none taken :)
lol Iono! He might be suspect! Plus. I don't wanna have to drag these hoes about him. I like average lol
Johnny's Tavern across from Sprint Center is the main place, Quick's BBQ, um cant think of any more
Nothing but good things happening
Boston loves and so will SBANE Innovation Awards, I'm sure. Good luck tonight & see you there
Absolutely, it is in the works. We are going to have some kinks in taking this conf over from trish and michelle.
I'm going to sit here and listen to Courtney Love until face times me but I'm probably going to pass out so please don't hate me
If you could be an economically challenged EU country for Halloween, who would you be? Very scary!
Bourbon and Eggo waffles...
Nas! Coming out Sat?
When I see you, I run out of words to say.
Event of the Week: Tàpies – Image, Body, Pathos
Ready for tomorrow? ;)
how'd you do?
"Dont cry because it's over, smile because it happened ."
Late for church!!! Im so used to service starting @ 530... Oops
. thanks for speaking at #2012CA, your remarks inspired me.
well said vol is about engaging in the comm not earning a pension others have that figured out, we need to also
Why would u make that?
Welcome back?!
,stay Blessed<3
At work all until 4.
Alfred De Musset~ Well talk without listening to each other that is the best way to get along.
"It's a possibility. Things change. You can't hold them responsible for other people's behavior."
Yes. But Mormonism's cult status is taught in lots of classes here, right? That's what every student tells me...
oh I mean, he'll love to hear your sweet sweet angel voice.
All i knoooooo is its time... #OKC TIME....nuttn less than uh trip 2 da
Sometimes its just One step in front of the Other!
Final posts now up with 132 capper's plays posted and a consensus NY Giants 33 Pats 44 Total Ov. 36-16 ........ Suite party at Station
Has a psychic ever accurately predicted your love life?
Come get your #Hopslam tonight. It won't last long!
Definitely... being so close you sometimes forget to step back and realize not every school enjoys success like that.
Well, you can be sure they've heard of it now. (also---I miss you!)
My wife is hot
no, thank YOU, friend down the hall.
What id*
That headless soccer player is pretty good
So excited and ready for Cali Ready to flee!!
The nominations are out... I cannot wait for the Tony's!!
This made my nite! Taking care of some things so I can finish The Housewife Assassin's Handbook!!!
what happened!!
dragons/wizards/fighting trees and contempt for poor people in praise of capitalist elites
We do we!
Today would be a perfect day to go to the coast and stand on the edge of the continent for a while.
Episode 42 is on it's way! It will hopefully be available in a few hours.
I just want to take someone else's breath away for once
I'm da fuckin best!!!!!!! Don't believe me just wait and c. ;-)
Subbing for juniors in a Physics class this morning. Might just be looking at some of the members of the
The first 5 days after the weekend are always the toughest.
#New #York #Deal A 4-Day, 3-Night VIP Trip to Orlando Theme Parks for a Family of 4 All
guess I'm just THAT loyal.
May I ask..what in the crapville does that mean?
Three Apparel will be in SF this weekend!
doubled my dose of melatonin last night, bam, still bolt upright after 4 hrs sleep.
“: So the #Nuggets are looking good.” yes! Keep it up!!!!!!
i wonder if there lettin #DrewPeterson watch this movie in jail ?!
oh, sorry, got a bit off topic! tho there r parallels! :)
Dudley Moore was considered for the role of Doc Brown on Back to the Future.
Inch by inch is a cinch. Getting #Paid is cool. Text: timnapper To: 90210
Life would be better if I worked with and lived near Ari Gold
who ate them? Jessica? Lol
Get free promotion to your social networks. Never pay for promotion again! url on my profile. :) follow4follow?
not to mention bugaku.
cant wait to have you and on to talk about groom's cake and alot more1
you still just as good haha
Don't shoot nobody just call me if ya need me...I down fo my muthafuckin niggas
how do teachers survive such early mornings? :(
but will they is the question. Cashman hasn't pulled the trigger on anything.
Dope! see you guys there
my stomach is totally eating itself right now....
(AP) A 14-year-old Southern California boy has been charged with murdering his father, a U.S.Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent.
Be proud. It's no use rejecting Gossip Girl. Teenage tv characters dress better than savvy adults. Embrace your similarity.
My friends are great, but I can't talk about books with some of them because they "don't like reading fiction." Who doesn't like fiction?
#nowplaying Human Arts Ensemble - Streets of St. Louis ...oh yeah, it's good!
Getting annoyed I didn't go to Phoenix for the game tonight... Thinking of going out tomorrow for Tuesdays game... :)
awww! yeah well living in LA makes it EXTREMELY easy for me to see em! :)
Does that mean I'll see you there?
hospitality through the roof thanks pimp! King of la!!!
yours do that too lol
Thanks for the retweet!
goodnight guyss :D
lol, smelling like pigs feet and beer lmao
Same here still wide awake
I wish badly i culd be a known singer. N i say "known" cuz im not in it for fame. Its just so much fun bein on a stage:/
It's about time, idiots!
Possible invite to do so? RT : looking forward to you coming back to
A promise means everything, but one its broken sorry means nothing.
thank god for curves on final grades in science courses, whew.
I'm gonna play at around 2:30. U in?
just got done eating world famous meatloaf
Running late? Call in your order at 206-729-2021 and we'll have your smoothie ready to go when you get here.
Prognosis: Paws-itive
Miss you too, hope your having fun over there!
Thanks for the RT! "We educate you operate." I love it!
I guess "Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer" is better than "Grandma Got Run Over by Weird, Drunk 'Uncle' Charlie After I Came Out", right?
Thanks! Now back to season 3.
Christian sacrifice is about learning to make one's life into a gift that creates communion. ~Norman Wirzba
Right now I am watching videos of myself on YouTube, one after another. Wow, I am talkative!
good morning, and goodnite ;-)
you have to let me know how that is!!
wat it do?
Josh Taylor speaking on "the cloud" 4 family dox. Worried that he hasn't considered implications of MegaUpload takedown by gov't.
Congrats Enjoy tonight
Finally im about to get my hair pressed out
Off to a great start today. Traffic was light & office is quiet. Time to get some work done. :)
If you liked this webinar, you might be interested in our other marketing webinars
it fucking involves me when Cruz calls me asking about it.
What the what???
#np you know im no good - Amy Winehouse
they're obviously scared of Ichiro..
Guy to other guy, "Tuck your sack back and get a pinterest." Quote of the evening, folks.
Not been tweeting much...spending most of my time on my blog and FB! I'll try to be better! Follow my blog for the most up to date info!
Gonna make a new video for youtube. :)
Cavaliers answer with 3 runs in the bottom half of the 4th to retake the lead, 6-4.
Anything in life worth having….is never easy., <3
havent been on here in a while - Theresa ♥
seeing my boy jamaal video kills me i cant finish watching it :'( :( rip jamaal </3
follow back cuzo
After ruling on CA prisons, we must implement the Gov’s plan; best way to reduce prison population w/o releasing most violent criminals.
Getting ready for Issue 3 #transform. A few acceptance letters sent, but still plenty of room for more beautiful!
NF FOLLOWER BACK
Thank you for the mention. BTW, nice avi.
Just drank two monsters! Time to fuck shit up lol
Swisher is usually a pretty solid defensive player. Not sure what happened there.
RT : Inconsistency will push a person away. Apply that to business and love.
who there how she know my name? do i know her
Why couldn't someone have killed Birdman and Lil B instead of Biggie Smallz and Tupac?
And if it's easy, take it twice ;)
Felt so good to wake up on my own and not by a damn alarm for once
got hooked on your songs... can't stop listening to you, you guys are amazing and I know you'll go far #IBelieveInYou <3
RT : Why Local Internet Marketing? Have a look and see why your small business MUST be found locally online....
Do you prefer reel or video slot machines?
when we see Brant's dad and and he's in pjs!
haha thanks so much man! :D
Am I the only person that totally forgets is a guy? Ppl are always like "Mya that's a dude" & I'm like "So, Chick is fire!" Lol
Thanks so much and congratulations to all!
I can't believe this promotion is happening again
Change of plans, now going to Game 4 of the Heat/Pacers series. Still going to be an awesome environment.
they'll win both.
I guess it could be bad if you are trying to sell your house.
RT : Why is KG all of a sudden 24? < same for tim duncan smh
RT : Problem isn't necessarily Putkonen. Its that they've had to use him.
The first time I saw you guys was in 93 in Pittsburgh between rain storms in the park. Such great memories.
so at the beginning of the season we were calling for to be amnestied...now he's our savior. my how times have changed
Just walked out of in Aventura because the service was so horrible. Are you trying to model Sear's?? Not a good business plan!!
who is playing Danny and Sandy??
sitttin here trying to clear my mind
agreed. One of the fun things w/pitch f/x is potentially proving some old timey theories right. Value of C defense a big one.
where you headed?
this will be great/awkward. hahaha
"Try to learn something about everything and everything about something."- Thomas Henry Huxley. Sleep well, yogis.
King of diamonds
Creepy thing that happened today: My dentist texted me happy birthday. Whatever happened to those nice cards in the mail?
When I moved too TX 5 yrs ago, I actually reg'd to vote in this same ER waiting room! By Acorn, I'm pretty sure!
If its to be its up to me
yes something along those lines, but referring to the hours lost in deep dimensions of twitter. twortex?inntertweetosphere?
ha ha so funny, so true.
I'm feelin if these guys can't start producin averages >.150 by May 7, it's time to bring in A talent and see what happens
what sort of shit or issues ? From me?
Nice....have 1 for me. Make that 2 or 3!!
everyone lol RT yo who's excited to hear the full version of #GiveMeYourHand on tuesday?
I need someone to do my hair. Wash condition & flat iron hmm !
so how is it to live in germany?
It IS a small world after all. Best of luck with the world of Disney! Brave of you.
Do you know any teens who are still in the Milwaukee area heading up to the summit that'll do an intv at 10 on 12 News!
Missed Lucroy's HR looking for the Miller Park spider that crawled across my wife's foot.
wahhhh, don't you hate it when you try so hard and it feels like its for nothing!
I chatted w/ TW yesterday, they claim that they don't track RR usage as it's all 'unlimited.' I'm skeptical. ;-)
#MyFavMichaelJacksonSongIs Dirty Diana
hey there how's your week going so far
Bees buzz A steal at twice the price. Cheers guys.
Wanna get up and workout but its just so warm under these covers!!
Just Got Home From Skewl Drama A Little But Had Fun Stomach Hurting From Stupid Christmas Party!
Heading to bunco in the 'hood. Always a fun time with the ladies.
New Found Glory. Corey Smith. All That Remains. 10 Years. underOATH. Ingram Hill. Colour Revolt. Digging the 2011 Minerva lineup?
Good morning.
Missing my Pooh :( I wish he was here to rub my migraine away.
Thanks for the call out to during your panel at
Raymond: Friendship Academy? I don't even know what that is!-Lmao!
Who's really #free?? The banker or #you and #me?
if you want me to post a game i will
If you're not in the mood to watch the acrobatic dogs perform this afternoon at City Park...your next best option is a massage or facial!!
Welcome to ManyFreeThings!
117 Friends within two days that Alsome!!!
It's easy to say what you do; it's difficult to do what you say...
Happy for the connection!
is a beast. Touchdown!
'By end of HS, Black/Hispanic students' reading/math skills are roughly same as 8th grade white students'-Columbia Univ.
Signing the lease tomorrow. 
Prob, yeah. My intuition was that she brought nothing to the table re: race studies, but trouble was that my lack of knowledge [+]
nice job, and nice win!
cold high
Ugh im boredd
Today's the 7-year anniversary of when I ran down a purse snatcher who targeted my wife at a mall in Orlando; pulled a hammy bad too.
I didn't win & I'm sad, but it is not Emma's fault that I didn't win. She got lucky and I didn't! Why are people starting drama?
uhmm no you can dm me -.-
How does a person have a problem with me but they're scared to answer the phone when I call!!
I will release it once the speaking series ends, sorry for the delay
Why not just pick the number of courses, sit back, and let us choose. The tasting menus are the way to go!
Kickin it in Austin....I loooovvveee this city
Careless freaking turnovers.
Special thanks to Beth from AL for helping me figure out my Fralick brick wall in genealogy. Yeah. So excited!
Nothing is lost that is born of the heart. ~Basil Rathbone
All I want right now is to hear from my bf ...its killing me
so grateful to have this guy around.
Yeahh Wheeler baseball is back!!! Have fun! Mets 2012
I know you mad but so what. I wish you the best of luck
Great lunch and service with a smile!
Ahh thanks so much for the RT! Glad you found it helpful :-)
Now it's really going to be a celebration sensation! Can't wait.
If Bemis wants his money just give him his money.
some folks are already the bitter, judgmental, duplicitous, shriveled little people they're destined to become, just with less winkles yet.
I wish it would just rain. This windy cloudy bullshit is annoying.
hurry up GUY
Tuscan vineyard
Congratulations to all 100 Outstanding Women at tonight's gala. We are honored to know you, and to support the cause for kids,
O, what's making? GO TONY!
My Daddy Told me He Gone Walk into Gigi Birthday Dinner W/ Some Speedos on ! haa
Music is my best friend
Your purpose, that thing that among the many to-dos of your days, is what you must do. Embrace the truth of your purpose each minute of your
nigga u shyt on me..i shyt on u..u put a hit on me i put a hit on u..a eye for a eye nigga..survive da shotz or die nigga
sleep is callin me right now
Out here sweatin my balls off at my brothers college graduation in Columbia! OMG its fluckin blazin!
Day 2 of being #newtotwitter and I am still lost trying to find my friends but having no luck! There sould be a class for twitter in college
You are an awesome Aunt. Just make sure you sleep before the drive back.
Christmas shopping :)
If #Boehner and #Biden try to get any further away from one, another they'll fall out of their chairs.
Have a Good Evening! I love you!
I am just waiting for the excuses from the MSM when Obama gets his butt kicked in Nov.. Get ready for President Romney. "WHAT WHAT? WHAT?
Um I don't like my spotter in tumbling. I can do my back handspring alone I don't need you to throw me like that. Think I have a concussion.
Getting ready to head to Yolo's for lunch...their salads are my favorite.
Go !!!! Let's get another magical "W" for a sweep!
#Vancouver to #Maui on for under $400
That's Scott Wolven's "Controlled Burn."
and knowing their track record what ever decision they make will be a mistake. #redskins are the #NYMets of free agents
Watched "Anvil" last night. Nice guys finish last it seems, in this case. Always true?
Looks like a beautiful day out - must find a way to actually get outside today even for a few moments.
Well off to sleep
Why does granny have a musket‽
Feeling antisocial today. Sitting with my ipod on in the back of the classroom.
Dying Easter eggs!
You and I are both spamming for this meet and greet tomorrow lol :)
James you are an Uber Mensch
#WhenIWasALittleKid I Put My Face Close to the Fan to Hear My Robot Voice
Omg congrats on your engagement boo.... I guess I'll have to scratch Steven off my to do list ;) lol I wanna be a #bridesmaid :D
Disappointed, to say the least. Time to get some z's. Back in my zone as soon as the alarm sounds.
That was the last concert of the year aww
he beats his meat, not his chick!
At least neither of us is an action item
wow guys.
!go to www.aaron.tv
i have to admit the 9 films up for best picture is not all the great the academy should have picked a few more like last year
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
Tweet tweet twitter...
>>>girls like you RT : Guys with kids <<<
uv 'a promise 2 keep 4 the both of u'? thts deep, thts selfless its beyond wht 'the average' might do-let alone see. Beautiful
Frivolous? I like it
I'm not questioning it. And I don't care enough. Its just funny that everyone has a different answer.
We will see how long till I cave. I'm fucked either way.
May seem like a nobrainer but I continue to see crap code created with the intent to "fix it later"
I'm not sure quite yet. UM has a program you can get hotel and tickets through. I'm finalizing deets and will let ya know...
-- wow - what a great group!!!!! You made my day! :-) keep on keepin on n running too
KARAOKE tonight at Rustys Old 50 on old world 3rd st. 10pm. $4.00 gets you a domestic beer and a shot!
I know when they said that I was like "uhmm NO! KROV had him first, get your facts straight" haha!
Late for the office, don't feel very well! Not sure why, feel queesy. But..."the show must go on" :)
As a former brunch server, I KNOW the damage a kid can do with a bowl of cereal. Good news? You only make that mistake once!
William Beckett's new solo record sounds like a natural progression from Almost Here and that makes me happy
Are you talkig to me? Cause al I hear is " blah blahh blahh!"
Great wine is found
Now doing my homework. Oh! What fun!
This is such a wonderful thing to say, Colette! Thank you so much for your kind words.
It is a catchy tune! Have fun.
A quiet relaxed day....just like yesterday...no complaints
No, I didn't. What did I miss?
duel off baby!! Give it some wrist!!
Location Scouting around downtown ABQ with a potential production.
One day you will learn
Only if it drives revenue, not cost some of the growing research and arts programs that they're developing.
... Yea, he seems legit. Def 1 of my favorite Rooks. Cant wait to see him in the Orange and Blue.
BTW: Sorry to hear the bad news. There's always a wet nose at our place if you need one. And Dusty too.
Susan Boyle - Wild Horses - 05:57 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
'God's openness and love is for all nations.', says Rev. Dr. Stan Jewell of St.
The Campo Viejo Reserva shows a nice balance of fruit and earth on the nose, with aromas of coffee, plums, blackberry and tobacco
If she cook for you, she a keeper!
"Know your brand" is so important, thanks entrepreneur panel
- bra you want that song you made widd marco she can get it too on a MIXTAPE ?
Bionic Six, we're all together we fight for right. A super feature family, and we're so very proud to be BIONIC SIX!
Tangled earbuds are the new rubik's cube.
What time do nail salons open
Awesome! So exciting!
I have to much alcohol in my system.
I fell in love with him when we were together, then fell deeper in love with him in the months we were apart <3
so much.
is flat out something. Now quit being #bitchteam aka #moneyteam & fight Pac Man. How isn't pushing that is unreal.
the masses well the masses are conprised of billions of single human lives. When are we as a species going to start looking after our own.
Yep, sad to see the great Jeffrey DeMunn gone.
We hardly see anybody when we go out. But last night we tried 3 places (too long waits) and saw ppl we knew at each one.
sick dunk last night. Got everyone at my house out of our seats
Elizabeth Wilson, saying a prayer for Bill Inge over a scratchy cellphone connection.
Hi Jan, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Megan!! youre an inspiration i love you you are a great singer and also you are b-e-a-utiful
I'm watching it right now!! That's what you get for running around all day pimpin!!
if you put quotes around "twitter" or "tweet" I'm bound to think you're like 80 years old
Follow me! I'm going places..
No one gives a fuck
Lesbians love when I serve them lol. A little gay just running around serving drinks
#drag race #TeamSharonNeedles needs to take the crown!!!
I'm NOT Gonna Play with him Today , He better come see me today.
Walked from our hotel for 1.5 mile, only to find that it was closed :( Should've known to call first.
Watching jersey shore!!! Pauly D!! (:
I gotta get out of this house
bridesmaids on hbo for the win!
Ughh My Mommy Just Took My Fone Im About 2 Tell My Daddy On Ha
Thanks for the follow, Jenny.
Some sessions people may present: Building Games in HTML5 / Hacking Education / Getting great press for your startup / The Growling Rainbow
Thank you !!! Emails in ten nine eight....
on the real dont worry bout things u cant change if its real it will all fall in to place
Fuck you that's all I have to say... Your fucking dead to me !!
What the hell is a pansexual?
I think it's ok as long as they show as avail. I usually just start with "hey, can you chat now, or are you busy?"
The problem is that this shouldn't be about $. If it is, it devalues the "cultural institution"of the Times + "Open Information"
Ready for Game 1 already seems like the Spurs have been off for a month.
Amen! RT : Good Morning To YOU!!! With CONFIDENCE YOU Are Unstoppable, Unbreakable Unshakeable!!!!!
- -We have a common goal.Giving special needs kids a voice & a better education. Please follow me to help bring awareness. THX
RT: This Sinus infection has got me like one of Dracula's whores.....going down for the Count!
5GBs of FS100 AVCHD transcoding to DNx175x in Avid Symphony. Sending to AE for grade via automatic duck.
#Browns have again showed very little commitment to running the football early... disappointing considering that is their only advantage
Great to chat with the ladies of and this week! Look for artsy getaway story in spring/summer Long Weekends mag.
Live streaming from the "Ram Roast" tonight at State. Little nervous they'll discover I'm there as an undercover Tar Heel!...
I Seriously Don't Give a Damn about the FCC Does Willow look like he give a damn!!?
Add final day of class as a grad student to that last tweet!
Yep. Dawn just doesnt seem to get it through her head that it'll change stuff with them.
I'm excited for the Woodstock stuff at Bethel. I've seen everything there is to see on the subject. Time to see the real thing.
The Lobos depth is killing the #Aztecs today. Would be a remarkable win. #SDSU is still a Sweet 16 team.
I get all nervous & filled with butterflies when I see in real life. he's like a celebrity & he knows my name!!
Start trending #showJesusliketebowandjgrace :)))
Jesus! Where WAS everyone for IND on that play? Thank God Barbosa bailed them out
you're beautiful and perfect and don't ever change ok?
Morning beautiful. Why you up so early?
You all know where is from right? He's in his hometown. Go !
Work is empty -__-
Just-in-time-model: Access more important than nearby inventory. Cloud-based technologies are the perfect resource.
RT #NYR just announced signing of Ruslan Fedotenko, who was in camp on tryout and led team with 7 pre-season points
you better stop it, Caleb!
yay for #HappinessTweet !! Yes, lovin it :) Holdin down the fort in sea town?
It's about actions & outcomes; actions & reactions - not just publishing messages on social media says at
Im pretty sure it was like just yesterday when we were sitting in laqs math class sophomore year :(
my bad man... im in a couple leagues where i get offered straight crap and its frustrating... didnt even realize your intention
I hope sleep finds me soon!!!!
Australian Women Writers: National Biography Awards 2012 Long List
haha. What ever you're into. Follow your path.
Some badass little girl kept flipping me off while I was on the train. I hate kids.
Shooting on a reality pilot for Fox next week. When did I become that guy?
try it then bro:D
If you are in Wicker Park, head down to for their $6 cocktail night!
I'm super nosy, so I hear EVERYTHING.
Neil & I had our 8 limbs seriously spanked at the Cov Sports Centre last night. Paul did a one and a half with a full twist. Rock 'n roll.
How about, "Internship application process needs to be revolutionized"?
They just think it's the cooking channel
who do I need to hurt!?
The sound of turbo powered Indycars at is music to my ears! :-) Let #INDYCAR racing season begin!
Good idea! Let us check with the boss
Sorry I couldnt be there For Harm but she is so cute & I cant wait to see yall when i come back how u been tho mommy!
If ur from MKE you know Horny Goat is all about volleyball! Sign up for the best league in town. www.hornygoatbeergear.com
"He said I wont give you more than you can take,and I might let you bend but I won't let u break!"(From song He said,by Group1crew(I think))
We will announce our latest winner at 10:30am Central time
“Government is the great fiction, through which everybody endeavors to live at the expense of everybody else.” – Frederic Bastiat
I am such a procrastinator:\
And I'm falling for :)
Debating whether I should tweet re major library service provider who fails to answer my questions for 2 1/2 months. Feeling a bit helpless.
Thanks for letting us know. It's fixed.
Oh really ;)
Last night at #flashbacks w. #juicyent & was too fun !
is that because of the drink or the activity of relaxing at the end of a day?
HiDB! U guys don't even say what'sREALLYcool! My dad&husband got a tour downstairs.Made me want 2 climbEverest #himalayan salt
#Preptip: afraid your dance technique isn't good enough? Pour your HEART into it. Show your passion. Technique can be learned in
He's awful.
High speed LA-Chicago-NY would be cool.
Wing night! <3
"So, attractive one day - not attractive the next?"
Thx! MT : Was very happy 2 meet today and learn all about what is doing for this city. Inspiring stuff!
Follow me! is a Sexy account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
She's due May 25th. Could come out any day now!
I don't want Austin to move... even though he's gonna be 20 mins from me... I want him to STAY his ass where he belongs..
end of the month, let's celebrate my bday together one evening or something.
Foster home for imaginary friends
Tip #122: Those that prepare to win have a much greater chance than those that do not prepare. Our minds are powerful.
Sunday soccer mornings w/ Manchester United cant be beat
My nephew is the cutest baby in the whole wide world :3
will do!
Failed my driving test. But the lady said i did really well! What the heck?! Re-take tomorrow..
One man alone cannot bring legitimacy to the business. Give me a break. I wish they would stop saying that.
i know the heritage. Being indigenous to the Americas, for any group, is relative.
I couldn't come today but I have friends heading there now, a couple of first timers. Show 'em what you got! :)
what pairs well with ? bourbon.
today went from great, to horrendous with just one meeting. tonight's plan? large consumption of wine.
Trayvon Martin sucker punched the guy in the face and the guy had a licensed gun and shot in self defense..
I hate people who don't know basketball talk basketball because all I hear is a bunch of bs
What do you call a dog with no legs....???no Marta what u call it its still not gone come
and Philly calls us cheap? haha, right.
: no it home... But someone found it.... Hee” I'll bet that was an interesting conversation /)
Is anyone incorporating green chile into their holiday eating?
sure (: you'll be the main characters best friend (: lemme make a twitlonger form for you
AWESOME!!!! You guys deserve it.
RT : I'm trying to build a robust list of Twitter feeds focused on #nptech & efforts to create #tech4good. Suggestions?
On My Way To Calallen For This All-Star Game Practice
Omg yes!!!!! ITS ALL COMING TOGETHER!!!! :D I'm so excited to make our country! :D
of course. Thats out bread n butter
Just talked on the phone with my boo boo for an hour 😍
Our political system has failed to work for a long time.
The garage is Manly. You could make it your man cave.
Thanks for the follow. i look forward to a mutually entertaining "twittership."
- glad to hear #themusiccity is melting faces at
I love finding $20 on the ground!
Create pull, not push.
at church :) and just a random thought, ive never gone to a wedding :o
kay .. I'll ask my dad del Friday
Not at all. As serious as serious can be.
thnks for the follow! Help promote?
Jus getting waking up..Good Morning Ppl!
I was expecting this follow me Austin to trend lol
Happy Father's day!!
Im gay
Note to Today Show producers: 3 yr olds on live tv not a good idea.
Finished reading Bossypants in 4 hours, like scarfing down a delicious cake. I might need to reread it more slowly so I can enjoy each bite.
can I get a sexy pic of you babe.
Oh, I ran across a local mummified cat story recently, result of a query from a grad researcher. Of any interest to you?
Mo: I cant stand your team, but nothing but respect. Just awful. Hard to watch him talk ab it/if he'll come back. Shame
Got a smartphone? Like to save money? Download Qponomics today, It's free! We have coupons exclusive to our app. go to www.Qponomics.com
Made some beautiful music at practice today =] I have a craving for xbox now.
"BITCH BETTA HAVE MY HONEY"
Thanks for sharing our recipe :)
He can't pronounce years in the 21st century correctly. RT : I'm continually amazed by how fixated network executives are with...
Agreed! First one I wrote down as well.
You may ask me what I'm doing with my life tonight? Wasting it away watching garbage tv. But I'm addicted to the garbage. Stupid
Ugh you did this and i cant get enough
Thank you!!!!
Happy Birthday, Lovely One. Wishing you every good thing. xo
Need a dj
Great ideas! If you have contact info for Progression Places, please feel free to DM us.
I love it how my middle finger gets an erection always when you area around
Can you get Streets & San. to paint lines on the street sometime this year?
I have no idea about your tech skills but trust you'd kick some lazy butt to make things better. :-)
ill ship dora, i cant come. 2 involved these days. december sounds good. go to the oasis n get some #SUN. escape america's winters.
Funny Quote: Son, if you really want something in this life, you have to work for it. Now quiet! They're about to announce lottery numbers
with #itunes it could work only if your copies' licenses are turned off somehow. Interesting resell opp, if so.
You can't keep a secret for shit yo. Smh.
Beware the Ides of March...madness!
My back it stiff
id pretty much give the same just throw in a 3 with that 2 next year
#Merkel's destination before #Wulff resigned was fitting. Tenure of German presidents starting to take on Italianesque brevity.
Asik's about to get beat up.
Victory is not repetitious, but adapts its form endlessly. - Sun Tzu
and I are scheming Pinky & The Brain style right now
gawd, I know the feeling.
thanks for the follow-happy tuesday!
Here's your kiss --- MMUUAAHHH
We need 5 rock stars to serve a nice, warm dinner to men, women and families from 5-7:30pm. Pls call Dani (303-953-3953) if u can come!
Great - not sure when I'll be in beantown next - shall we start with a phone chat? Grateful for any time you can spare :)
I just got home from the Czech republic- of course I am.
I'm SO late just discovered #AwkwardBlackGirl last night...had a marathon...ready for the Finale!! Let's GO!!
tell Her I say HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I'd vote for sports, honestly, for the K-6 crowd. In part because my kids never get recess.
Fuck memphis. I used.to.respect.you
agree 100%..still think the Bulls win in 5 or 6 just pointing out that the 18-9 record was the regular season and a little bogus
here is a hug for you {{{{{{Brenda}}}}}} Have a great day
Open bookings in December for Florida and the east coast w/ flight shares. email for more information.
Up still watchin anoda movie cast away so far so gud dem other movies were gud too
Can anyone tell me if anyone met one direction at btr's meet and greet?
My comedic stylings were fated the day my dad yelled "I found the root of all evil!", and I found him holding a tree root aloft
When Jimmy, the guy in the wheel chair who rolls up and down centre street, asks u to marry him <<<
IM BORED
I'm not easily impressed! I cut ties real quick.
It definitely seems like most Imperial Admirals have a very short tenure.
We look forward to seeing you there!
smells like BBQ :))))
Jeez! I guess if one can handle the mart/app special, why not run yesterday's wine bottle special for the other, right?
I see Chris Rainey,like Darren Sprolls,if we use him smartly as we will
Team Wisconsin Select Crane-Schiell brought home the 11th grade state title this weekend!
Watching fame w/ goodnight
": #Aries have great smiles."
Text marketing & text msg client reminders can be a great way to build business and remind pet owners about important visits!
Lauren answer your phone please!
<Ivy Blue? I don't even know what that means...no one know's what it means, but its provocative..it gets the people going>
#SYRIA KILLER HOLOCAUST TRUCKS W/ BODY BLOOD BODY SET FIRE COVER UP BY GOV.ALL DEAD ALL KILLED
"I'm either out for the night or I'm in for the night." - The wise words of a girl in Murray Hill.
I envy those with Jersey accents!
Better security RT : Ok - this is a #FAIL : American Airlines to stop offering free blankets on domestic flights
And when i wanna talk- you say to me- that if it's meant to be- it will be <3 ily big dylan :] thanks for cheering me up today. (:
Almost time for #TeamAlton and my fav chef on !
prepping the handouts - yes, paper handouts - for our 2nd annual K-12 web 2.0 teaching academy.
only 2 classes today then the weekend
what up man, good to hear you guys are up in NYC
That awkward moment when the flight attendants tell a passenger they will be met at the gate by authorities if they don't comply.
Wow, yer following me?! Aw, shucks. What a nice surprise ...
re: budget news - holy wow!
with certain people. funny how there's an actual moment it goes from being impressed to not even being amused
Best feeling ever knowing who our true friends are..
Biz owners! How do you feel about using ? wants to know!
Curious. Do you use foot- or endnotes?
I want to use current events & Google Earth more in AP GOV next year.
The summer evening had begun to fold the world in its mysterious embrace.
Best of luck on Rock Of ages . Cant wait to see you in your part . Congrats man .
Congrats to our $50 Dibbs card winner, Kate Moore, please message your email to us and we'll send over the details.
it looks tight lbvs 😂
I can't believe I'm about to meet Charlie campbell. Omg
• Oh I'm in there. Going to be another #epic night. You know how we do.
oh you know, just sitting right behind the esteemed organizer... "deedle-ing!"
On set to rehearse "Firewater". No makeup. Hair a mess. Muddy. Fun. :)
*at the end
Civitan club celebrating clergy week at meeting today. Retell story of the 4 chaplains.
I still wonder why things happened the way they did.
The sacrifices we make for our families....
orange juice slushies = my new obsession :)
haha. Oh girll... I do not do chores. Jkay. I have to do them too unless I whine to my daddy #suchaprincess I know
Hey, shit-brown, change your picture. :) Love you.
Woo, good thing I checked that paper order - wrong envelopes were sent!
Heading into the snow for the first meeting of the scotch, cigars and sci-fi bookclub
My body is so freakin sore I need a massage!!!!
Nialls solo in One Thing literally makes me scream. I had to cover my mouth while watching the video.
yup later today
I think he suspects the true power of the juvenile feline.
nope. I guarantee he lives across the street
Anyone else have constant problems with Affiliate program? I've driven thousands of $s in sales and they're not giving me a penny =(
ok so I hate school. like a lot.
obessed with victoria justice its just became offcial
alright :) thanks xoxo
Some days the supply of available curse words is insufficient to meet my demands.
I am pretty sure you won at least one, two of you didn't accidentally resign that one.
Congratulations :) May you and Beau be as happy in your marriage as I am in mine. All the best!
#HereWeGoAgain Super Bowl Weekend the rematch everybody been waiting for. #ImHyped to see who wins this year!
I think foie gras is pretty evil, but I think eating meat us evil. if you can't watch any animal be slaughtered, you shouldn't eat meat.
Making sells and getting smoked out
I don't care either, just wanted to state my opinion for inquiring minds. You know...cause everyone is dying to hear what I think.
She never did. Host: "I think I've been blown off. How do I know? I just looked up and I see her on Fox."
And the only reason I'm watching this game tho...
RT if you want more followers? #megansupdates on youtube has good videos ! xx lol xx
Life is just too precious as far as the captain of Titanic is concerned, including those of us believing Human-centered development
Really? Never tried it but sounds like I should.
At the arraignment of my stalker..
“Girls want a lot of things from one guy while guys want one thing from a lot of girls.”
Jim Bellino could make any vagina dry.
If you could be in any band, which one would you choose?
#CNN Hero #Derek Kayonga gets my vote for Hero of the Year. Soap means hope!
Aw thanks Woody!
Our latest and greatest deal coming this weekend, don't miss out! www.halfcosthome.com open house 1-4 Sat and Sun, 50% off market value!
great Jamie!!!
Rip Donna Summer
We certainly look forward to having you out for a great time!!
I thought it would be on MLB package, but its not. Oh well. (M's -1.5)
Turning off the lights downstairs and running upstairs so no one kills you.
I Need 50 People Nd A Vegetarian., Before Friday. Helpss.?
I was joking
“True champions aren't always the ones that win, but those with the most guts.” -Mia Hamm
Would you get kicked off twitter if you tweeted a pic of your balls?
alyssa lies to the classroom.
Science, Social Studies, and Arabic>?
Lol.. And I don't want to go to school tmrw.
lucky i want to be happy
Midtown's Clean & Green teams are starting their workdays at 6am this week and will finish by 2:30pm to avoid the hottest hours of the day.
Done w/Seattle for the day. Headed to my FIL's adopted daughter's house for dinner
Playing some #wii with scott! :)
And my absolute favorite... South Milwaukee (the city) vs South Milwaukee (City of Milwaukee's south side) Gotta love Wisconsin...
No way! Are you actually down here for the summer?
Honda sees bumper year as it leaves disasters behind
Don't talk to me about recycling I've been Green since I was born
mystery man ...
Whatever you say.... :)
I think it was because I had coffee this morning an just laughed at everything
sitting w 3 pledges at
Feel n gud now!!
ATTN! We're playing a last minute FREE mini gig tonight at The Gatsby!! This will be a sneak peak of our come back show there on Nov 28th!!
This one is for you...
i'm not understanding why this dude is not answering his phone !
“Trust yourself, you will start to trust others.”
"For there is only #misfortune is not being loved; there is misery in not #loving." ~ Albert
how was Vegas man?
Thank you for the #FF love!
COFFEE!!COFFEE!!COFFEE!! :O
that was such a great show! Glad I got to see it. Inspiring. You're a true metal fab icon bro!
so sad.
I believe the one of life's greatest risks is never daring to risk. ~ Oprah Winfrey
#nowplaying Nirvana - "All Apologies."
Playing fantasy sports is nawesome bra!!
RT We won nationals! <-- im actually shocked haha
Working again today. Yuck. At least I'm still kicking. Spending weekend with honey, so I won't be on much.
Seriously _____ get out of my head.
#MyNextRelationship is gonna be free of trust issues.
You know it.
Life would be impossible without my mom.
The fool sits on his ass all day and then asks, "Where did the day go?"
Just ate at the Rain Forest Cafe at South Coast Plaza. Now shopping for my brother's Birthday at Beachworks;)
we could be the finish line band for if the schedule works out, you could run 13.1 miles to hear our version of Norwegian Wood
We are open 8-12 and 3-6 Monday 3/26 and Tuesday MORNING (not afternoon) 3/27 from 8- 12. We will be closed the rest of the week so stop in!
im watching the Smallville season finalle that i dvr'd last night its time for sup to fight doomsday cant wait
RIP Perry
this guy is awesome
What's a nice way to describe someone not so smart?
#IfWeWereTogetherRightnow We would be a). wrestling b). Watching the Office or c). You would be rubbing my feets =]
Hello! It was a nice surprise coming across your name & handle today. Looking forward to reading your tweets.
Longer the tweet, more enjoyment users found. Young women more likely to find the ad messages enjoyable.
... and by sad, I mean devastated. I could cry about it.
Excited for qual tomorrow!
The Spurs play championship basketball
What was the inspiration for the Diebold ATM /pipe organ mashup?
K, I'll give you that, but HFG can hot wire a cart to make it go really fast! And he can make an extra arm if he needs it!
I'm glad I could help.
Wisdom�Ask and it will be given, seek and you will find� Matthew 7:7
Listening to 11:11 by ! I have no idea how many times i have listened to it! Best song ever<3
You might be a new parent of you suddenly start noticing commercials for kid movies. And think..that looks like a good movie. Ex. Snow White
Especially Spring things RT Don't forget to notice things
does watching of this make you blush? Zoinks.
I feel your rendering pain! RT : is waiting two hours for the render of a 14 minute hd video :(
'who wants too take me home?' 'nose goes' 💜
Watchin music videos.
TV stories should be stories for the eyes. It’s called “television,” but many of the stories people pitch are more “tell” than “vision.”
You aren't someone until you're steadily talked about!
Ridiculously fun night. Have it on a Friday next year?
At the "Best in Class" Social Media session.
Goodnight everyone :) need to get some sleep for my b'day trip tomorrow. Thanks for all the b'day wishes! <3
heard about - I prefer credit unions b/c they are nonprofits or co-ops, which = better for communities they serve.
Schools out for the summer!
Can we jus fck like its da first time no hesitation
I'm having the same problem. Lots of alerts but nothing showing up in interactions
The most important change for #Mifflin2012 is that you CANNOT go in the backyards of the houses on Mifflin without the resident's permission
Bring it on Irene.
hell yeah tryna sell these cars
bring me squirrel and moose!!!
in all seriousness, congratulations on ISO 16363:2012. Excellent job.
When we hear one of the ICONicBoyz names, We Freak.
when they say good things come to those who wait.. how long you suppose to wait lol
I guess I'm not sleeping tonight! Movies than off to black Friday shopping :)
they've come to take you away. you need to run. fast. or they'll get you alyssa. RUN!!!
Anyone can make you smile, many people can make you cry, but it takes someone special to make you smile with tears in your eyes.
Dude said o damn that's the liptak brothers haha u know what it is
you watching the #Bulls and #Sixers?
God dammit, Mikey's installing more poles around the house.
be haaapppppyyy :) sweet dreams!
THURSDAY NIGHT PEEPS SO YOU KNOW THE DEAL---TIME TO GET CRUNK AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! WE PARTY HARD!!!
So, Diablo 3 is very boring. I can see why people working on it have been down playing it lately.
Looking forward to making new connections and having fun at Networking Night!
love love Blood for Poppies by that was just playing on #whoop cant wait for album download too!
Not cookbook, but we published our two food allergy pocket guides to Kindle. Did you have specific questions?
Feeling good even though I'm not working as hard as I should be. Love for this...
W.O.W. is for WOMEN all new Ladies Promtions FREE ALL Night on Wednesdays
I can't say it any better my guy. How is that Chicago life treating ya?
it's hard to say until right up to the draft. The Giants keep making moves which effects the draft
I've never had an action go un-recognised ;)
Coffee tasting with
yea your mad baby
which ones are you into?
Free drinks on me downtown...if you can find me. Haha.
Right now would be the perfect time for me to get kidnapped because I can't scream for help, lol.
The new world standard in DJ, club, band,
ROTFLMAO.... Yeah BITCHES!!!! (you shoulda threw THAT on the end of it?!?!?!)
it'll be worse when his agent calls tonight asking the same question!
and also Torment second installation of Fallen. You guys better buy one too it's a nice book :)
YES! Always available for q & a until then!
uh oh
What happened to Angel? :'(
yo! check ur DMs for my # and lemme know when u would like to link, my good sir.
Open: The Artist w/RIT Professor Skip Battalia's short-Car Crash Opera, Cont:Sophomore, Iron Lady,Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy,Descendants
“: Gorilla Glass 2 is shown at #CES (= thinner, stronger iPhone coming up)” -- sounds promising :)
Either or! I can be both their Godmother! ;D
“It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happ…
just awesome. We watched both nights!
- lol where you go ?
Crickets, all day.
Not even close ;D lol jk
union square #ACTA new york city whatever I am here and music is everywhere! do it! every day every day every day
Today's my lucky friday
studying Textplus. Though I am not a heavy text-er, it still seem fun to study such a group-texting app!
seriously! Thank God for people who make life more entertaining.
Basketball time
It's CES week. Don't forget to temporarily unsubscribe from your favorite tech blog!
lets go long beach!
Right on, girl. Hope to see you this summer!
?If u ain�t getting paid to hate or be miserable, stop working for free!
almost done with this paper
Happy Law Day to my legal peeps!
It just feels like we really lost an hour in the day this weekend. Why is it already 3pm?
It's just nice when people believe UGs CAPABLE of nuanced thinking. Failing at it is how you learn to do it.
Your turn
Yes please!!! We'll need some shipped to San Francisco ASAP
Nate Silver will now start his talk at 5:30 Please spread the word. Thanks!
That's great! Both AMAZING DYNAMIC ladies!
Taking chances
so what metrics from this deal are actually relevant?
lmao, be right there 👍
#efossils RT Sat in car in rain enjoying the sound.
lol, how many you been to?
great demo today!
tomorrow beer fest in fells???
lol I kno he's not Mexican! I meant like I like British boys and ray is my one acception lol
especially since our biggest need (other than scoring SG) was a PF.
Jus finished sewing my daughter's dance outfit4her Officer Tryout dis week.Jus 1 final touch lft 2mrw&she is good 2 go In ISY Dance Wear
Thank you for the newsletter inclusion!!
If you refuse to be made straight when you are green, you will not be made straight when you are dry.
Awesome post. I loved the Marilyn Monroe painting.
So am I..Oh well!
people do too much and take twitter too serious
Congratulations to Scott Hayes of Bothell! Scott won a new I-Pad II from our Boat Show drawing.
When complimenting a girl's looks: 1. stunning 2. gorgeous 3. beautiful 4. pretty 5. sexy 6. amazing 7. I'd cut off my ballsack to be with u
Me and my mom always argue over the stupidest shit.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, but me, myself, and I quiver at the thought of you.!<3
just finished doing an interview with local radio station 107.7 FM promoting "Elite Eighth" It will air on May 13.
say what??
Holiday Safety: Purchase lights and electrical decorations stamped with the name or symbol of an independent testing lab – for example, UL
The name of the game is network!
Antsy to register for classes this Fall! I want to go out and buy pencils and folders and things that smell like school.
When she's feeling insecure, stare into her eyes and tell her there is no-one in the world who could be as right for you as she is.
I'm channeling you for my night out in San Francisco.
Stop in and meet our new bartender Anna, she started off her first shift playing Timber Timber. She's going to fit in just fine.
daaayyyuuumm you must be rlly cold!
All his points came at the line
no but really all you UK fans need to calm your titties because American fans didnt do anything. we all love them, some of us more than you.
Im happy for u boo! RT : Love is such a beautiful thing!!! I'm on a high right now 😌☺
Mar 01,2012: Disney on Ice Presents Treasure Trove March 1-4 Save $$ with discounted tickets!!: 7:00pm: US Cellular ...
Cant sleep T_T
you'll do great! I admire everyone who's applied for this position, it'll be a challenge, but hopefully exciting and rewarding too!
sometimes its hard to put on a smile when you feel like breaking down on the inside
Thanks to for a very informative Google Analytics seminar this morning!
Eager to learn more! RT : I've resigned as editor-in-chief of HCI. But I Iove HIT too much to leave it. Stay tuned!
Another great day of skiing at It started snowing as we were leaving. It should awesome day tomorrow, I wish I could go.
Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
riding for my niggas nd that's for life
A person’s coming to Christ is like a chain with many links. Is your link going to strengthen the chain or weaken it.
Looking forward to a great vertical alignment mtg w 5-12 teachers in our feeder pattern. Grade reform the topic dujour!
"I love this country. Because they took in the Jews, the Irish, the Italians, and everyone else." Happy St Paddy's from #LOSTINYONKERS!
good luck!:)
Guessed wrong, pulled the plug on tonight's tweetup 's Miraval (worried about rush hour rain). Realtors, watch for a reschedule!
"A Girl Will Fight Another Girl Who Took Her Man " A Woman Will Sit Back & Let Karma Handle Her Dirty Work "
Amazon, seems to be supporting a bait and switch scheme with their 3rd party sellers? Is this true? I am upset.
is it bad I could eat wendys everyday? lol
Heads up to kickballers & friends as if 10:07am Causeway still closed- diverted traffic is clogging West Sac & Davis streets, CA113 and I-5
Will the #Yankees make it? Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2011 Earnings of 57¢ Per Share and Declares Dividend of 14
#Top10Lies Trending: I'm not sleeping! I'm resting my eyes.. ;) haha!
“: The next two weeks of school are irrelevant” amen.
#museweb Still it's a strategic issue. No matter the size, collab. and content gen could be an organizational value or not
ya sure!
Last day of baseball season y'day, 10 inches of snow today. For everything there is a season.
Brutal depictions prepare the beautiful image/ the perfect rule of the Prince and the world subdued and made innocent
“: #ArentYouTiredOf The Word "YOLO" and "SWAG" ?” heck yeah!
Thanks for the follow! DFTO has a show in NYC on November 11th at the Triad Theater, we'd love to be included on your site!!
Spartan Guard Skills Workout
The new VW spot was just the cutest!
Sometimes you have to close ur eyes in order to see things more clearly!
Wishing all the Dad's out there in twitterland a Happy Father's Day weekend!!! I am blessed to have an amazing Dad who I love bunches!! <3
Identification & grouping of #NSTIC stakeholders seems like a good exercise using precedent of Smart Grid Interoperability Panel
ME TO! im getting pretty pumped for it!!!
How many fucking sandwiches does this girl have.. Wtf can even breath
"You need to get up get out and get something, Don't let the days of your life pass by" -OutKast.....words to live be tweeples! :-)
Coors testing iced-tea flavored beer on poor Canadians first, before bringing to U.S.
it's about to mad storm.. who wants to bring me coffee and cuddle? #heyitcouldhappen <3
I've noticed how I don't like most people at my school. I feel unsocial.
Not a question but me and my dog Alex both have BONER shirts :) haha
Two hours left to sample some delicious Chameleon Cold-Brew with at Westgate! Come say hi!
New 16g nano! Eff yeah! I have to say I hate california's 9.75% sales tax though
Visiting family is always great.
I'm loving it RT : All this rain action
Teacher lets me out an hour early to get ready for the Tyga concert. Ill bring a bag of apples on tuesday
If anyone has any #knowledge or #experience with #Trigeminal Neuralgia, please let me know!
hii!! how are u?
yeah got a fam and live in a small town in the middle of tx. I can be selfish to pursued dream. And risk not carin 4 them
Hii (= CAN YOU FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU!
Police only reporting that they have madr a few arrests right now...most because of intoxicants on public property
Do you even know who that is? Of course you don't.
yes you should.. You gave very good running commentary!!
Alexander! I love you so much! I don't know if you remember but I went to Westfield Broward and I touched your hand <3 RT?
This is the exact message I texted Adam this morning "answer your phone homo 🔫" I added the gun for a scare tactic. ;)
so boss, where do you want to eat? maxies? somewhere in the quon? somewhere near home? think about it!
Happy Chocolate chip cookie day!!!
I HATE THE MEDIA HOW THEY SUGARCOAT
Hosting Heroes Night tonight 8:30pm Police, Fire Dept, Teachers, Nurses show ID in FREE! Others only $5
omg what if justin had patties eyes. c:
Emily thinks ufda stout?
Uh when my inbox has more than 50 emails in it, I just avoid going in there...
..."I've got a new girl, now... and she's a lot like you!" Officially in my 'happy place"; thank you... ;)
It's a Pink Floyd kind of day I think..
Someone just barked at me......
you should follow me cuz YOLO... or cuz i love the ICONic Boyz too<3 yes? no.. okay.
In life we all have an unspeakable secret, an irreversible regret, an unreachable dream and an unforgettable love. ~ Diego Marchi
Applied for some more jobs today...
MERRY CHRISTMAS :))))) hope you get lots of presents :)
Go chicago!!!! :) whatching hockey! :D
Time to drop out and become a
will unfollow. Cheers.
pickles and frog legs look awesome.
Improving educational opportunities for children across America & Quincy Jones Musiq Consortium
Game 1 of 10 has been booked!
The Director doesn't like confrontation. now you know why we're so excited the A.D is leaving.
Carl DeMaio has completely locked up the developer vote with BIA, AGC and ABC endorsements. Where does that leave the citizens?
My mind was blown when I realized "OK" is a sideways person.
That's a crap deal. You can get 12-month xbox live cards on-sale for $40 frequently.
-Off Too Bed I Go Night Night TweetHeartz..! ;-)
I absolutely love your site's content, which makes me all the more frustrated that I find the design so counterintuitive
four letter word
Those overly competitive kids in gym.
Scott smells
lmao yes, obv i remember lmao. it was fun, and we are crazy;P haha
I want a girl that's real like T.I WIFE STR8 #100 I don't need her to look like her doe lmao
Wow, RedBull just swooped in and gave out drinks. Guess they know their market!
Article sums it up, I guess. RT : not yet (not in a place where I can add audio)
My fb acting real stupid.
Late getting back to you, but happy to be part of the conversation last night. A pleasure.
Haha - we both know how that would actually turn out!
The Hypocrisy of the media knows no bounds, they are acting sincere while covering the death of a man they are responsible for killing
: Still looking for hungry directors (in miami). If you shoot (5d, 7d or red cam) hit me asap!
Hard nipples >
We are now taking appointments for SPRING! Yay!!! Give us a call at the store to make an appointment!
I'll agree with that!
Of course. An obvious foul on a St. Louis 3 pt. attempt not called. Everything is going Sparty's way.
thought it was amazing ...
RT if u think the Hawks r going to make it to the Cup this year!
Guerilla=Social...not obvious if done well. Lack of estab social sponsor platforms hurt properties
- My sentiments exactly.
If The Rock, I will be very disappointed, and in tears.
This time, baby, I'll be bulletproof.
well, I'm glad it's not just me at least.
Sounds good!
Why only 2 years for #CyKershaw? Lock him up
Ladies and gentlemen this is why I love my friends
I just saw a car with pink rims.
Happy BirthDay
We have a fairly under utilized special every Monday night that gets you any 14" 2-topping pizza for $11. Pick up or delivery.
": stay strong. Praying for ya all. Lean on God!!" Thank u air I will
That's what I got yesterday. Thanks for the tip! Change your email password as well.
Thanks! Glad ya'll had a good time!
Can France keep Carla Bruni-Sarkozy as its first lady?
sounds like you have a single tuner DVR, you'll need a dual tuner to record one channel and watch another.
Me an mommy had a good conversation! I found out she told all her friends. Lol
Very good statement Dr. Chand. Can't wait for you to come back to newbirth!
That's great, my iPhone won't receive or send texts anymore but I can tweet. It's restarted on me six times I've tried to send a text :/ wtf
please don't ever lose that feeling! 
For those of you following at home, no cancer for me. Many tests for viruses to follow, though. At this point I think I could be on House.
& all the TX crew!! Peligrosa Miami....no cover right now! Get in here!
Haha. If it returns half as fast as you do...yes!
very hard for Harris after first shot nailed guy on head. It's disturbing. Shows he has feelings
RT : Chris Greene Quartet has a show coming up on 09/16/2009 at 07:00 PM @ M Lounge in Chicago, IL
are you seeing tonight or tomorrow night? (:
The worst feeling is pretending you don't care about something, when really it's all you seem to think about.
What would my mother think if she saw me now?
thanks for following us! Your support means so much! Stay in contact, guys! :) - Jared, Project 143
Waiting to leave to my sisters house :3 hopefully my dad lets me drive! C:
Chicago producers, directors, & editors should really start treating their craft like a job and stop allowing themselves to get hustled.
as if there weren't enough reasons to come to our charity pub crawl, the 1st 25 registrants get FREE AVIATORS TOO!!
you should inbox me your thoughts on that. I would love to hear them...
Il n'y a pas de quoi!
No worries, && sure as hell no regrets.
Thank you for the Follow Friday recommendation, Elizabeth!
David Letterman is killing Weiner . . . LOL
Long for OldSchool Prices? So do we? So our prices are Throwback startin with $75 #weave ! We do it all
stay strong <3
Just announced! Brennan Andes Trio featuring members of will open for on 8/30 at
Hey my mood went from good to bad in 3 seconds. Cool.
Hey girl, wearing one sombrero on the bus doesn't make you look cool. Wearing three? That's plain silly!
Insecure females can't stand to c u looking good and doing good....
I would rather serve than be served
pretty, pretty, pretty good.
its absoutly amazing!
Nice have a fun day
WHEN MY TEACHER SCREAMS AT ME, I DONT SCREAM AT THEM BACK I NICELY SAY YOUR NOT MY MOTHER... LMFAO.
what are your plans??
you put "London" instead of Landon. You put an O after the L instead of an A
Trying to help end workplace abuse, so lets #FW, #FT, and
It'll cost you two grill cheese's.
Alan Derwin is currently ranked #12 Most Popular Emerging Artist on ArtSlant, the #1 Worldwide Contemporary Art Site.
DJs AT TONIGHT: Peroxide of , , , Jay Hedblade, of & more: 12" ITCH!
I love freestyle friday
Speaker Silver says Republicans objecting to setting up health exchanges. that is one of the issues holding up agreement on the budget.
Put my bracket together in < 5 mins... past experience has taught me that time spent choosing has no impact on the outcome
so good! The perfect combo of salt & sweet!
The #warondrugs is really a war on black and brown people.
The Staff and volunteers from are so excited for our trip to Buenos Aires! See you Friday!
Merry xmas Kelly to you and your family from Uncle Jim!
Blah Blah Blah
wow, those recipes look tasty!
Whens spring break coming to san diego for girls gone wild
thanks a lot!
Watching kung fu panda for the millionth time with my son who should be asleep.
