About to kick some elementary school ass! Hate my childs school.
ride the lighting KIM ride it like its your BITCH!!!
this one was definitely written with Woody in mind.
Detroit needs some economic growth
gird your loins
Aww why are you so sweet?
Voices in the Clouds now has more than 500 fans on FaceBook. Now we shoot for a 1000!
Nothing better than a spring time hike. Where's your favorite place to escape for the weekend?
I got some Sexy Followers (;
Well said!
Know of a college student who is analytical, technologically savvy, and great at project work. Send resume to .
Lazy people fact #567897654567 -You are too lazy to actually read that number.
I live in #DC, so know drinks are expensive. But charging $28 to actually have #bourbon in a basic drink? you lost a fan.
Thats when you gotta start handin out backhands like Halloween candy lol
follow please raise autism awareness musically
good night!
lol. Why would I ask him? XD
omg he will be on punked on my birthday :D
Happy Hour starts in 3 1/2 hours. Meet you here!
tear jerker :') loved it!
Sorry about that! The contest is over anyway, so I'll remember to actually link the form next time. Thanks for the heads up!
In the zone.
What does the NRA have to say now. How did #standyourground ever get this far.
Turks in DC? Anywhere?
« Gemini love to travel, and need to take frequent short trips to recharge their energy. (1)»
I need that mixtape on the site bro..
Whatever decision you make, it does effect everyone around you whether you want to admit it or not. Choose wisely. Be smart!
NOT AT ALL gotta go with OLEMISS Alum #TEAMELI! that Victor Cruz aint to shabby either ;-) Lets Go Giants!
My co workers spoil me at work
so many things to do, where do I start?
Had the honor to perform for Sharon Osbourne today! She was very generouse with compliments, and I absolutely adore her!!!
Please, please, please don't drive drunk. And please realize you are not the only thing on the road. Watch out for bikes and pedestrians
Let your phone help you de-stress: check out the Headspace Meditation app for iPhone and Android!
Baby J & right now at Palo Alto College -1400 W Villaret at the Ozuna Building! Get your taxes done for FREE with VITA!
Justin's shirtless picture >>>> my ovaries
: AH!!! you're coming to Chicago?!!!! hit up #Jakespub and talk/meet my friend Sean #bartender you'll <3 it!!!
The packet-switching network is not so much for humans as it is for "storage" as a temporal event of the computer itself.
": hi julie" hi robble head!
RT : - #LakersFans don't know wtf to do with themselves right now. Lol &its so funny.
"Need a job, move to Texas." - USA Today
More online training. Who casts the actors for these videos? For real, I want to be in one! I think and I would be awesome!
This is not a joke: The main course for tonight's WH/UK State dinner is: Bison Wellington.
is playing "No Diggity" at 5:30am. I approve.
I really do fucking hate glue and everything involved with it
Then I will help you even more!
Workin on some new stuff for Deathbeat Jam and tonight with Brian. We're gonna make some enoyable noise =] lol
Espresso and risotto for breakfast. Hopefully the Italian embassy doesn't staff a culinary sacrilege enforcement team…
awkward when we play 4th place C, and were the loudest people in the band.
Life and love, books on inner light (newest kid's book Shelly and the Circle of Light) Many blessings!
haha you are the one exception. You are welcome to knock and stay for hot chocolate.
right...it kills me when these up &coming singers rappers& models think they have made it while still paying 4 all those things
what's that?
I had a dream that Michael Buble hung out with me and my friends in LA. We took him to get fried chicken at Honey's Kettle.
Fire up your metabolism with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
plz help me my laptop dont work I put a pluge in it. Nothing works plz help me
Making fresh whole chicken soup with herbs and veggies. Cant wait til its ready!
You're so funny Thomas! Hopefully #TSC will end up on another channel. Joshua will still get a record deal top 3 always do.
Just because i let you go, doesn't mean i wanted to
I love :) thank you for everything Miss Never! <3
That must have been a serious BM. HAHAHAHA! 🚽💩
SO COOL!!! WHATS THERE EMAIL???
When you're lost and you're tired. When you're broken in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you.<3
right?! The 1st few races he did bad& I was like no he'll rebound but I think its too late now :(
You bet! RT Employees get more boring work done in the office and more creative work at home. -Study released by the WSJ
NO Kelvin lol
Thanks!! Help us spread the word!
cheer up sleep jean!
it sure is
You been good?
Happy leap year, everyone! We're in the BONUS ROUND of February...
really? How come & thx
RT Don't forget that carryout!! Like a prayer it will take you there...actually you would need to pick it up
Estime & Irvin Associates seeking LPN in the Tampa Bay area. Interested? Send your resume to
If a cow laughed, would milk come out her nose?
31 years since Lennon died...war is over,if you want it...
alot of folks participating in the 5K walk/run which is a part of the all-class reunion going on today in Wright Park.....good for them!!!!
what's good j .....follow back
Last night, I texted my brother to see if he knew the recipe for Disaronno on the rocks.
thanks for all Ur help this week!
I know I know
One week.
Does your provider offer good customer support? Managed hosting is here for you 24/7.
Hi stranger! How are you doing? How's the writing?
Perfect morning in Kansas City, and no rain clouds in sight! Excited for our official KS campus groundbreaking later this morning.
Exporting something at the moment that I will be sharing through WOC later in the morning.
Thank you for the mention! :)
addendum to dream job:great view,great city,great pay,great hours,and requirement to tweet,research,and expand social media empire.
Ruben is piercing all day until 9pm!!
I'm the 'gum dealer' at school.. According to Taylor&Alex(: I love you guyyss!(:
forget sugar daddys- go for plumbers!
j BrazilLovesAustinMahone j
I was good
what up girl!
...so excited you are joining us at the #lakehoustonareahomeandgardenshow on Feb 19-20 at the Humble Civic Ctr
WATCH YA MOUTH“: Fuck Autism.”
Gotta get this W tonight
me too! Rt: Can't wait to catch up w/ tonight w/a glass of wine & enchiladas tonight!
Take a min & look up @ the sky today & be humble. The world doesn't revolve around you. You are part of a larger world. Enjoy it & be happy!
ha! yeah, i heard there's good smokes on the ID/MT border, can you get on that for us chris?
same here
thanks bros
So we're finally all moved into the new house!! Woohoo!!
Don't accidentally take any StarCaps
Awww! “: At fancypants Oscar party. No wingman. Karrie bailed. Hiding awkwardness by looking busy on twitter.”
i wish oomf lived down the street :$
get ready to get your PINK ON!!
or just call me at 641-1581
U gotta act like a woman.. But think like a man..!
i dont get it
Hunger boredom want to be the worlds fattest man, all are great reasons to eat!
Again... Really?
Some people are so full of shit
what movie did you watch??
nope im coming alone my sisters stay out there and my bby bro and they mom
tell them my ipod died, imma call back when it charge lol
Let's play you watch me take a long turn w/my toy thinking I'm going to share and then I don't.
Every young girl should listen to Pres Obama's speech at #BARNARD He is so inspiring to all women
yes I have not left my bed all day.
Bending clothes is the worst chore! , it's meaningless! >.<
Thanx. Please RT to your followers.
here's to a #lazySunday and a precious new cousin :)
naw cuz. Still stop over I'm bored.
Some light fog for the morning commute then partly cloudy now and then throughout the day - monsoonal moisture making a comeback - sweaty!
Though I'm weak and poor, all I have is Yours, every single breath.
adgjlouhlkhfdawetyhgdd I'm bored.
Somehow you always bring out the best in me !! As always this Bud is for You !! <3
Acting makes me SO HAPPY and feel so ALIVE!! :)
Whatever you do, don't watch #girls in the same night--you will never recover.
Please prove me otherwise...
Two amigos yeah! You are changing the world though.
seeing Sipi Falls n Lake Victoria, watching the Cranes, the food, drinking Nile Specials... 2 many 2 count!
Im about to go home caue im about to cry
SO CUTE OMG
Where All My Laker Fans At????
have a great game tonight with the rest of your team! Denise and I will be cheering for ya!
At rehearsal
HOW YOU GONN SAY GET A LIFE WHEN YOU STAY IN EVERYONES BUSINESS BUT'CHO OWN??
“: We just won a second Pinnacle!” Woot!
Last time I visited NYC I was upstairs in that cafe every morning with my laptop.
what channel does that come on
Biggest regular season road win since Pittsburgh in '08.
It's quite dandy. :)
thank you for having Daisy Khan as a panelist for the Islam in America town hall!
Yes. Service learning connects with teaching. Connecting to broad community is more difficult, esp with soc/econ/psych divide.
did you see what Kyrie did today?
Happy New Sock Day to you! :)
#the HEAT should win the EAST.......no D Rose for Chicago & the Celtics ain't gonna make it.......
thank you and congrats!
Well it finally happened ... I go to the store & use my #Ravens M&T debit card, & the clerk says "they gotta get #Favre to backup Joe" ...
The final third of this fiction manuscript is kicking my ass. Suppose the July-like weather isn't helping. One sentence at time, I suppose.
Staying the night with my awesome Aunt!(: Girls night! Gonna watch some shirtless Jacob Black and have some fun! <3
Watching Immortals with the homies Jorge and Josh.
please follow my new account
This combo of being a night owl and an early bird is not working for me. I need to become a penguin that sleeps a normal amount of time.
and those on Apollo 1, Challenger, and Columbia
WOO HOO! 15 days until school starts! Celebrate by coming to Abq Sci Fi (and horror!) Expo THIS WEEKEND!!
": August 4th"oh cool .. how is your job coming along
We're on iTunes!
Im usually NOT this shy ?? :/
BLAM! Bitch Pudding! RT : yes Emily.
he is not!! I love him(:
at last a friend! so few people agree with us.
Me too. MT I got both of my professional jobs without knowing anyone at the institutions.
down here at , the Hilton has provided mints in both rooms.
Jan 31: Female Hip Hop Showcase- "Daughters of Hip Hop" $1,000 Grand Prize! Judged by Grammy Award Winning Producer "ROCKWILDER".
Hot Tub No Time Machine
On the way to Prestonsburg with the Democratic ticket. Last stop of the day-- the Paintsville DQ. Snickers or Oreo Blizzard?
#kids Les Miserables, School Edition at Plano Children's Theatre, Sun, May 20 2:15p: Les Mis is a story of love and loss set against...
how much will it cost to replace your jet dryer?
i want a massage
#Mets and #Rangers both win tonight
Heading to see #Final4 looking forward to an amazing evening if new entertainers Thank you
Who has Justin's album!? Because it is AMAZING.
When your dog hears noises that frighten her, it�s advisable not to nurture her anxieties by comforting her
When the teacher walks by in class, I tell myself "You're gonna do this right. Don't mess this up." And then I fail.
Follow me on Twitter Add ME ON SKYPE LET' S STAY CONNECTED Skype Contact Details 8584299932 Mobile Skype Id: racecummings
Andre Agassi being interviewed speaking about his charter school and its impact on education and charter schools in general.
What am I listening to? Chick Corea / John McLaughlin Five Peace Band, Chicago Theatre 2009 ~ Crazy band, superb performance!
Im so tired somebody me wake up
what happened
will play in exchange for culinary magic.
Lmao this fool just ate a ghost pepper!! I am over here DYING!!!!!!!
Happy Birthday !!! have a Crazy Day!!
Will Delta’s Latest Move Result In Cheaper Airline Tickets?
Can i just be with someone that makes me feel like im on top of the world?
I trust my instincts :)
#Hates #when my #stomic #hurts CieraMariexoxo
you are too kind! Takes 1 to know 1 :D
oh, gotcha.
You can now earn 4% #cashback at AMF Bowling when you spend $50 or more!
Thank you! After I published it, I thought, is this too brash? Then I figured it's my own blog so I can write whatever I want
I think in going to make a list of movies I should see in the nw t couple months. I know none of these
Jet Lag by Simple Plan ft. Natasha Bedingfield
Ur album touches me daily...
Stiemsma just let all his playoff frustration out on that last block. Grown man swat.
What?! No way, that's incredible! Great job James. Very cool.
I DONT UNDERSTAND THIS DAMN CITY.
I kno but Kendall said it on air tho it sounded like bait LoL......
its embarrassing lol
birthday suit PE's
i can't wait to hear Jamez Anthony on
First pre-show giveaway of headphones goes to Congrats. DM us your mailing address + we'll ship em
It's been a while since we talked..
its so lame. like all i wanna do is stay home and cuddle. it doesnt happen very often.
My Internet life is a constant struggle between an abstract desire for privacy and a very concrete compulsion to catalog everything I do.
can eat a big fat dick.
I absolutely hate couples who kiss each other every f-ing ten seconds. Seriously I'm here to watch the f-ing game.
you and Chris brown should date again yall look good together
RT : As a backchannel, #fakedevlearn is turning out to be much more fun than #devlearn. (Agreed)
Liv Tyler popped her sunglasses on too quick yesterday but I swear there's something changed about her face..which would explain her absence
I hope you do dump me as a friend again. Because this time I wont really give a fuck.
Off to have coffee with friends...life is good!
very true.
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
How much longer is Rush going to be alive?
AYOOOO! Way to "Rage" it this morning everyone, and have a great weekend! Hope to see most of you tomorrow morning!
There is no answer that completely fills in the blank other than Jesus...
talked to the big boys, we're in! Email me details?
Even though we had our differences I still miss my stepmom .
Boot socks are in, let them show & peak out for ultimate impact!
lol thank you :)
just left. I love cuddling up with him and napping for a few hours :)
Just interviewed a woman by the name of Sweethome Teacup.
what about this weekend???
TA's are hard at work in the office preparing for a fantastic
Rainy day, sparsely populated Law Library, working down the Af-Am Studies list, slowly getting back on my
If you play hoops or coach and don't follow & then your wrong
Already trying to figure out how to get a bunch more because it is so fabulous.
I chose and my world was shaken, so what? The choice may have been mistaken. The choosing was not. I had to move on.
Blowin loud ion hear ya im just getting >>>>>$$$$$$$
cause the clouds r super super
New Jersey on Spring Break ?
I laughed at it! my dumb ass was looking back to see when I said that
First 200 folks in the door tomorrow night for A B & the Sea get a FREE advance copy of their brand new album!
Bed time for me. Going go bed without a answer ill take it as a no then.
sleepin like you misse the show or just heard him?
is still on vacation and thus has nothing to report to libraryland friends
tie clip is a great addition...as long as it's not a clip-on tie. We're keeping it classy.
Thank you for RT my post! You make me feel like "one of the group"
told Brian H "take care of that burn on your hand" he then sang "whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger!"
Hahahaaa!! Its Getting Closer To Fridayy(: What Day Is It Again??? x)
make sure you tune in tomorrow as Dave and Casey break down the 2012 NFL regular season schedule. Ah yeah!!!!
way false RT True or false: olives are the best.
i wanna go home and sleep!
Feelings don't die easily cause we keep feeding them with memories. That's exactly the reason why it's so hard to move on.
There's no medicine for missing you.
Thanks for the RT! It's always good to hear that businesses love Florida!
save it for the #devmke irc run Sunday at 7pm!
Its all about the MeatBalls hahahaha
had a great lunch at our new neighbor , we can't wait to come back for more fried cheese curds!
happy mother's day to all
i have attachment issues and I want more :(
Big thanks to Mike Powers & family from ! They adopted a kitten at our 24/7 Adoption Event!
Parent/teacher conferences today! Things are rockin' and rollin' with excited children and committed parents.
Let's get to 400 Followers!! Tell your friends!!
lmao hush up. U got a instagram?
you as well. Look forward to it!
On air from CAROLINA REBELLION in 9 minutes! Join the party. 1065 The end on iheartradio
That's like.. an entire gubernatorial recall campaign worth!
Looking 4 someone 2 set up a webcam & website to watch Swans sit on a nest & take care of their babies, Michigan. I do marketing 50/50. 5212
Yayyyy us!!! I'm so happy for you.
giving my puppy a bath <3
“ the thing about Wednesdays (& about God) I can never set my expectations too high :) they are always surpassed ”
Hate it when your test doesn't mention 'food marketing' once out of 100 questions
Silent auction open until 3:30! Come place your bids!
"Mom are you a virgin?" -
Computer is going so slow today!!
Sunn'Dai party was a success :)
« face me. make me listen to truth even if it breaks me.»
dude ur dad has a horse shoe up his ass lmao
Getting a massage
Trombone lessons always ruin my Saturdays.
Instead of thinking about what youre missing, try thinking about what you have that everyone else is missing
I'm a mom and an actress (The Suite Life of Zack & Cody). Thanks for asking about us! You are awesome!!! :)
Reality check re #ChrisDavis batting: he was 11-26 in previous 7 games. Still batting .299.
Very quietly...
My house smells like mexicans....
Here we go at the Meadows #2 Synphantab 5/2 Good Luck
Glad to be there #heregoesnothing RT Soo happy to hear that has joined the dark side!
Thank you, Sonny! Sonny in Springfield, OR answered someone's call for help!
haha actually we were there early ... It was a sold out game !! Not one empty seat!
Thanks for the follow! Love your #branding tips.
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled Reuben served with a cup of soup......$6.95
#BlackParentsQuotes quit open and closing the front door! you think we can afford to air condition the whole neighborhood!
perhaps :-p
Bout to hop in this shower
You know, sometimes you wish you were more like Steve Buscemi.
#GWU we hope your spring break is going well. Get ready for Meet the Dietician on March 20!
The unique Fighters Workshop will take place in Los Angeles
AGREED. Yummy!
RT if you watch alex younow??(: -Shannon
Sometimes the best part of Disney is people watching. I just heard a child call his grandmother Nanu Nanu. Awesome.
I need to roll up a phaty boo batty
hmm. on one hand, glad not to agree with rick perry; on the other, wish he wasn't back-pedaling on immigration.
Playing 1D songs in the car for my mom. She's turning into a directioner guys.
are you mixologing tomorrow night?
Well I mean, is kind of already showing her boobs
love chicago
I don't believe that in December 2012 is the end of the world, I think that will happen big important changes in our world. IS
B sides > A sides. True yet again with the Zombies' Odessey and Oracle. I don't think I've found an album which defies this.
follow to my tweet about the #yotba comment rage: angry Grandpa Simpson is helping me work through the anger. ()
1 year ago today we lost and icon. Larry Townsend, you are missed.
Keep Voteing for for the #PopOff. We can do this #TeamMINDLESS. i have been voteing everyday and i will keep going :)
This just in: Canada has a lot of snow.
Haha. You're kinda right but being half right is still wrong. You so, so conveniently forgot about '04. How 'bout them Dawgs!
me! :DD i really like it..
"Acoustic Rooster & His Barnyard Band" submitted for Outstanding Literary Work - Children's Lit.
Don't do drugs .
Gm everybdy thank god for another day
Thank you so much to the man in ATL who saw my phone slip out of my pocket and got it back to me!
I'll be in my bedroom, making no sound, and pretending i don't exist.
Summer camp, church camp, sports camp, dance camp, band?? You need some custom tees! Hit us! It's what we do #SanAntonio &
Merry Christmas!
I just finished a 3.23 mi run with a time of 36:34 with Nike+ GPS.
love is complicated
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Casper Meets Wendy's Titties
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Spain. Can we skype? Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
Not physically tired just mentally tired =disastrous for my exams tomorrow
Straight got her ass whooped.
I want to sneak into the backstage areas and he's throwing a big fit about me doing it lol
that's why I kiss him right in front of dem, he don't want nona dem.
"Major Payne"es por Liam Payne?:)x
I don't think Haleigh's gonna tweet back. I think she's going to sleep. 😞💤
yes. I do.
4 books about narrative, spookily, fell from highest shelf onto my iMac keyword (bending it). Maybe office is haunted by deceased Lit. prof?
I'm listening to "It's Five O' Clock Somewhere (feat. Jimmy Buffett)" by Alan Jackson on Pandora
Way to Go! RT : RT : Inteus is having a fundraiser to be able to study abroad in China. 50cents for a cookie.
guess i'ma go to class extra early today -_-
The worst time to get the urge to pee is when you're sittin in the car, in the ghetto.... At night....
Welcome! How many weeks out r u now???
I had hot coffee
now following (; follow back?:D
scrambling to get things done before mini-vacation in florida
Good morning! Choose to not criticize, condemn or complain on today.
I am so excited about our team this year. I'm ready to go the Final Four and scream them to victory!!!!
Checkin out a Phase One 645 tomorrow. Let me know if you would like to get involved in my photography...
Happy Easter all :D
I want my bellybutton pierced...
I think it's a genius move! And I'm not jusy saying that because I'm a #Gleek. :)
#Yeee Austin is here in Miami and also Matt ;)
I want the Lakers to make a statement with this game, but if the Thunder win on a last-second three from D-Fish, I wouldn't be THAT upset.
Spent yesterday porting the python topia.termextract library to Java. Should be generally available pretty soon as a bundle in
try and get everyone to follow me and please try and get austin mahone to follow me
Oh, that looks really cool. Thanks for sharing
why cant all boy be the same???!!!
I'd be important though right?
:RT: Chunk... I want this dog... please!! What about Ralph?!
now almost published KEEPER OF LOST CAUSES by Adler-Olsen one of the bests of the year - mystery/thriller w/dark humor set in Denmark
Here, here! Proud TD member. RT Happy happy birthday to - the giver of advice & master of the bloody obvious!
Hello Cleveland! 'Abdu'l-Bahá’s train is pulling into Cleveland's Union Station. A small group waits to greet him.
: nice! Have fun and safe travels.
Happy Easter Weekend! Are you Egg Hunting around the Valley? Where?
follow us at baltimorebestcrabs.com
NO I DIDN'T..
RT : I saw it twice so far. I just moved from Philadelphia area,2 months ago. I love Orlando! I live at Mosaic next to mall.
ok I'm playing....
You shouldn't tweet while driving.
yea been out since April 27th I think
Who me? Or
No... to mellow to be ours.
Thanks for the great post on how might have a role in Election 2012, live happenings like movement and tv
that's one of many reasons why I am barely ever on LinkedIn.
get @ me
Finally gonna see on July 26! 👌👍
Damn ! He done made a fire!
When do you get back home?
aw u gone take me out on a date
I miss u!
Professor Trill !!!
Just shot with a cast of 22 actors, in a bar & in the rain, for 14 hours, in 5 inch heels and jeggings. That's what I call a good time!
In the words of rob dyrdek I just wanna say.. I am a man dime lol
are you gone....already?:(
Good morning twitterworld! How's it going?
we have rico, pablo, gabriela- shake dat ass, daddy yankee, carlos santana, pitbull, mammasitos, pappasitos.
What's the difference between Windows 95 and a virus? A virus does something.
cool be there soon to promote new product . ": unfortunately im in dc but I can make a trip if the trip is paid for"
Thank you for replying to fans and ordinary people! Means a lot to have a little conversation
Amazing evening. Totally worth the 4.5 hours of sleep.
soul-crushing
Event in Auburn,WA 6/25 to benefit SharedHopeInternational; org 2 save #humantrafficking victims & rescue&restore women&children in crisis!
Twinkle twinkle little skank, don't you know yo pussy stank.
Author Kristine Blair () will present @ 4:45PM session on feminist engagements & community-based participatory alternatives
nun bord just like u lol
Who knew Carson daily was still alive... I thought TRL got cancelled when Limp Bizkit got uncool
I think that first Devils goal was onsides. Looked like the puck was on the blue line before the guy lifted his skate.
Hey I know you, and this is crazy. Got lots of Drake tickets...so win some...maybe
R.I.P. Joe Frazier...He fought his last fight :( <3
RT POLL & CONTEST: What is your favorite pet blog/site? I'll announce the results & a random winner on Monday!
My book is so good but if I keep reading it, I will get motion sickness.
disgraced NBA ref Tim Donaghy back in jail for violation of his probation, man when is he going to write a book!!
in the studio
— My heart is in DC. My home/studio is in the MD suburbs. But, if you are adventurous, you're more then welcome to visit!
C. Harley Davidson Fat Boy ;)
for Skip to blame the loss on LeBron is dumb. D Wade was AWFUL. Chalmers and LeBron carried them.
In bed ready for an episode of All That b4 bed.
Dance like no one’s watching unless you’re at a funeral…then start a conga line
*yawn* Tired.
Good morning, Nile. Happy travels! x
Thank you John_Mee for the shout out about
Of Monsters and Men!
Love the Super Bowl rings! Outstanding!!!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night! It was such an awesome show. Two more to go. March 11th is next! Be there!!
Judge will only let one attorney speak. So they need to confer to answer the questions and its wating time.
your photo makes me sad
She has been a composer for 20 years and an ass for 44
let me fix that boo !
Enjoyed the educational audiology conference put on by & Questions about what children w/CIs need in the classroom?
All of Twitter is going in on Tweet her handle in the search. She is the most hated woman on Twitter since yesterday.
On our way to see 's Alice n'Chains tribute band kick ass in a reality show competition. I expect some serious back talk.
Er I wish I was watching tonight's #GOPDebate but twitter is keeping me up on the madness.
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
There might be 9 pints of ice cream in our fridge and like 7 separate flavors. You double up on white choc rasp truffle.
get it right I'm Bi!!! Lol #justkiddin I'm juss pumped to sleep with cuz he's a muddafuckin STUD!!
TIP OF THE DAY: Always check out the dealer add-on or staff bonus before deciding to tip. This can make a lot of difference in your profit.
only pussies talk behind peoples backs!!!
So random that and came to this doctors appointment with me
Brother's soccer game :)
and - Thanks for the thoughts on ! #FoodAllergies are never as black and white as we would want...
Portland police taking down drug house complex in north pdx. I'm on scene live
16hrs:18Mins Lapsed | 6hrs:58Mins Remaining for rendering of my new video... Transa - Behind The Sun (Time Lapse Video)
Hoping I don't have a flat tire when I get out of class, if I do I'll be late for work
All them bitches on the dancefloor. Eww
And that will do it. Way to go #BUCKY!
#WI Gov #Walker signs bill blocking local sick leave ordinances. What quality person will ever want to work for this state.
I think academia can encourage a kind of verbosity that exceeds the requirements of precision. /cc:
what color is it today?
hahah I just love this entire movie! I have it on VHS & used to watch it every wknd at my dads lol
yes I remember you. What's up?
Watching Heaven's Gate! Stunning light and camera work by Vilmos Zsigmond, but I think Cimino was smokin crack!!!
Looks like got a Twitter account now that named them in 2012's Best Bands. Hope you guys like dick pics!
Come to Five Guys Burgers and Fries at Waterford Lakes today to support BASE Camp! 5-9 p.m.
Tonight!! Tonight!! Tonight!! I'Am Queen-Enterprises Presents: 3rd Friday's at Capri's Lounge Sexy, Super Sexy, & Oh So Sexy 3rd Friday's
how is this newfound food writing going to mesh w/ Tatum's cooking classes?
I followed, can you follow me???
I wish my texting wasn't being stupid.
Opening MARISOL July 25. Email for reservations!
Xander! What's up buddy!?
Well, and I can still hear 's laugh from her new office, so I think we'll be ok.
I am updating because I can't sleep.. Woe is me.
I fuck up!!! I guess Ima pay for my actions....
"Rest oh my soul in Christ alone," by Cindy Ratcliff-Cruise love this song i think i'll listen to it before i go to sleep. Have a goodnite!
I'm a 58 year old fat lady and even I could have tackled Kolb better than Spencer!! But the biggest PENDEJO is still Jason Garrett!! SMH....
Creative and positive energy flowing as I focus on the next phase of my business. Say it with me, "I believe I can and I Shall."
i love you so much!
Fajitas and Margaritas soon with me and
ya right he ain't giving me that thing ! Hahaha maybe this weekend I'll have my car I'll come see you 💚
University of Rochester or Tulane :)
will you have service tomorrow?!
just to clarify: being british was the insult, not be ethnically sandwich fucked.
What's up world the sky ain't the limit!
Life is like a cobweb, not an organization chart. ~ Ross Perot
whatever works.
how the exam go
One hand: it's environmentally friendly, potentially helps w/ portion control. Other hand: it's just not normal, is he being greedy?
Starving Artist
Thanks in advance! Can't make the conference, but will be following...
“If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed.” ― Mark Twain
Dude brought a small surfboard on the 704 to Santa Monica.
yup ima be walking in with and u with it will be an amazing day for the both of us!
right and I have said a couple of things to him to make me feel like it ain't mutual!
haha thank you!!! You looked so cute last night!!! Always great seeing ya!
so who hit laroachy ????
Chicken pot pie sounds like such a good idea. If you add commas.
Now I'm jamming out to "Girl" and other songs by The Monkees.
"Blister in the Sun" - now playing ;)
What's actually in those glasses? "Martinis before noon?! OK, OK... Its just for the scene! -Cobie"
And u are Miss nickname comer up with lady RT : oh lord...totally missed it... That was actually good, boss!
I am gullible
Two seconds late, sir!
wish you were there too - next time
Thank you for attending the social media webinar hosted by
My girlfriend rocks. Cookies fresh from the oven.
We needed someone to protect our QB... I'm ok with this pick.. Rather have hill... But I'm ok with us developing our OL.
Just cut my Sallie Mae payments almost in half. Time to take on MORE debt!!!!
Just spent 15 minutes rewriting my whiteboard. Now the horrifically list of things to do is tidy.
Watching the previously recorded Duke vs Tennessee game and I am amazed at the commentating...since its a neutral court. My score is 39-33.
Just switched from jam session with to modern dance performance in our living room.
Or maybe not lol
Really dislike Menards; don't know why I always give them a "2nd chance"!
Long story! Not my kind of place really, but they have sun and beach and alligators so it's not all bad. ;) Home soon!
Oxy Mo: Motion Picture
i love you:D
crud! I am already booked that night, it sounds like a lot of fun! Hope it's a HUGE success cc
Sometimes , you have to give up on people. Not because you don't care , but because they don't.
Bitches be purpin like they REALLY party.. -___-
I don't like that my smallest decisions can change everything. It's too much pressure.
only a few more days!
my bad bro ask mr dell if u can go to the bathroom at 910 and ill get it to u
"multiple Linden Lab grids"? me thinks they need to get a handle on managing their current one before trying on the Big Pants.
Boose bout to fuck the game up! #Innocent ...now keep yo ass outta jail!
A few RTs for the evening crowd-- Official hashtag: #thatcampphilly - please start using it! :D
turn it on and off maybe?
Los Angeles 2011
I love zany to
What you give is what you get returned
Mama's and Shorty's at 2nd and Bell
JP Morgan loses $2 billion (with a B)
of course. I just need to 1) get it working and 2) find some time to work on it.
Sandusky sounds more like a pitcher to me.
LOL Peter is really busy!! I appreciate him designing new artwork for the TAG mugs!! Thank you!
thought that was one of the most interesting talks from TechEd
#48hours how do u kill ur own children?
im not anymore I feel in love with twitter :-)
Exactly what I needed this Monday morning...keep it coming! Thanks :-)
Glad I'm not driving!
I kinda miss my dad! I rarely say that.
Albert Einstein “Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” ― Albert Einstein
and drinking my juice
you didn't gain one follower so quit it
This IS my professional twitter page!
Do u think I can get a hint Sunday Post topic? Will b away 4 weekend & would love 2 write it 2nite & delay posting till Sunday.
should have come to Louisville. Would have been there! Unless it was this coming weekend... I'll be auditioning in Nashville!
Well said Bob.
NJ's electricity is expensive. $0.19 per killowatt-hour compared to national average of $0.11. Call us to go solar today 908-713-9055
glosses over racism in Deus Ex review "Some awkward voice acting notwithstanding, Deus Ex's sound design is excellent..." 9.0 for sound
that wasn't the problem I stayed in los angeles almost whole summer when I was a soph in high school that wasn't it
Florida is a notoriously AWFUL defensive team yet #mubb has missed 17 of 20 shots. WTF?
forever bro. Forever hawt.
Theses folks be makin up days If it aint on the calender, Then it aint no day !
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words being quoted, peeked the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
“: THE A'S LOST TODAY. I'M JUST GOING TO GET USED TO TYPING THIS NOW.”
We miss you!
Blue or Red pill
Did I just hear Jeezy brought out Jay, kanye, and D-Block last night? Dammmb
not cheap, but if you like Pinot noir, try la crema. Delicious. (we have found it at Costco and target)
Just watching the Lakers implode against the Yao-less Rockets. HaHaHaHa!
Train was big about 10 years ago and just made a big comeback in the past year.
Can I put "gets drunk while tweeting at hotel bars" on my resume?
tomorrow we will be Green Flash Brewing Co. from 1 to 6 with our amazing BBQ SHORT RIBS LASAGNA!!!
I be thinking that $150k isn't too much lmao
Refactoring some Perl code to make it more generalized. Referencing/dereferencing Perl hashes and it's making my head hurt.
good shit tonight. Get ready for Sunday. What time is practice tomorrow?
Its sad how the perfect specimen of a lady today turned out to be a lesbian
I must put a stop to this.
Church today at cathedral of praise. The family/and church family together. Amazing!
Margarine was touted as the "cure" for saturated fat of butter, yet it turned out to be worse due to trans fat.
There are few things more beautiful than Chicago in the fog.
Sigh: still sad. Love oklahoma football. Sad sad weekend for both teams. Excited for bedlam, but this will be a long week
I saw that too! I was like... is this 's friend ?? Congrats! great word.
It's probably a $3000 hoodie.
sometimes its good you get jealous shows me u care ... but getting jealous over everything... that just gets annoying i didnt do shit-.-
what y'all know about dat.... DC all day like shit lol.....
All you bike racers better lock up your bikes at these checkpoints. We have some April Fools shenanigans going down!
Ain't nothing but gangsta party
and what measures we are using to recognize "failure" ... or even worse, ed success in the eyes of some would be failures
we call it fixed or fluid layout site
It's really not too much to ask, honestly.
Thank the lord for clean hits like Ovie's, eh?
Scooby Doobie Doo where are you.... we got some work to do now..
Its time to start looking 😊
I wish I was strong enough to lift not one but both of us.. <3 -
Maryland's economy is getting a boost thanks to the film industry.
Thanks for the follow -- so excited! Anything I can do to help get Rocky's down to Atlanta?
5/14 Launch & Learn: Paraplegic pilot & speaker Michael Glen uses special wheelchair basket for the Baby Bee Ballon.
You come on Twitter for some pity right?
It's RARE to experience someone being in #Love with your Heart....
- Have you ever done a speaking engagement in #Pittsburgh? If not, you should! :)
My humps, yes.
OMG that explains SO much. I was like, I know I was accepted, why haven't I heard anything? Can you DM me the contact email?
Everyone has to vote for roshon fegan on dancing with the stars now on ABC!
Almost drilled a fox on my bike tonight, a first for me.
When the pain tops listen to the rain drops and let it all drip away.
for a min. i thought you had forgot about me
How many times can break before I shatter!
“: Hey L.A. > : Where is a good place to buy live lobster?” King Fish in Glendale
-smiles- thanks fletch!
Ken Singleton, during Friday’s NYY/BOS game on YES: “Bucky Dent and Aaron Boone have the same middle name in Boston.” (via )
#LATriathlon was a success! Trey finished in the middle of both his age group and all males who entered. Not bad for a #triathlon newbie!
and we're missing you.
“It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.” Proverb
I totally read this wrong and thought it said, I shaved my back hair off! lol
Good Morning..!
Fyi, I give ZERO fucks about people saying "nasty" things about me or meeting Christian singles. #LeaveMeAlone!!!!
YOU BETTA!!! Luvin it but id love it more if you both moved out here! just sayin ;) Vegas soon?
Radio interview SUNDAY 7pm to 8pm on TRUE STAR RADIO 92.3fm.Listen online www.truestaris.com and click on the link that says TRUE STAR RADIO
Oh , I'm sorry. I forgot I only existed when you need something.
Been mashing up kanye,skrillex, and prettylights all day these mixes are turning out something beautiful!!!!
whoever these shirt tucking daily shaving weirdos are i bet they don't even own any robes or sweatpants
hello from CA and thanks for following!
thank you!
Good morning . Time to start my day.
We love our Demi oh yes we do. We love our Demi how about YOU?! She's such an amazing role model.
Wars World News Forums • View topic - WWN&#39;s Topic of Depressing ...
Features &amp; Columns
Hey, we're close to 300 followers! How about another giveaway to celebrate? Tell your friends to follow us so we get there sooner! :-)
I never want Josh Smith on the Knicks. Dude's a fuckin knucklehead
The lack of an antibullying bullying policy increases litigation risk as districts fail in their duty to provide a safe educat. environment
your so lucky cody is talking to you!!! i love him so much... buddy is the CUTIEST puppie EVER and has the best family!
I managed to hold that one long note from Stupid Hoe. Way proud of myself.
RT : #Cleveland unveils new lakefront plan. Includes cool pedestrian concourse link between harbor and convention center...
just had a great coaching session
Thanks for thinking of us in such a way! ;)
Sick and tired of being sick and tired./:
If I could find even a modicum of use for it.
Even a Man U fan like myself must admit that the Man City vs. QPR match was one of the all-time greats.
How's your day so far? :) <3
It's a day to remember. A big shout out to those families that lost someone during 9/11 and our great military families protecting us.
lol at what you just retweeted about a taurus. #DoYouEvenKnowMe?
My tummy hurts 😢
Ur just a homo... no sapien loll
Nah guys, I'm the one and only(;
I will be at that #WetDreams pool party may 25th
that makes so much sense. I hate that dude even MORE now.
Nappturalite Radio luv this! Talk about embracing the movement for beauty of ethnic hair. Plz support and follow us!
congrats on the book!
I might take another one ... LOLL!! love useless unproductive Saturdays
IKR :P i died after seeing that video!! lol
Naw y'all just born crazy I think ..
I think its pretty funny that you think that you know where I live, based off my tweet locations. Trust me, it's of.
For the love of God just because Obama says he supports same sex marriage doesn't mean he is gay. Smdh
Taking orders for smoked turkeys for Christmas. Give us a holler so we can get you on the list and get you pricing. Thank you
If you would like to see 's private show in NYC tomorrow, be the 5th person to RT this and win!
lol don't do that!!!
There's no denying. Logan is the best in big time rush
#spottheshuttle This is something. Wish everyone could see it live. Crazy.
You also probably realize that the traditions make no sense and are more hassle than they're worth. At least that's my opinion.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
RT : RT : Robert Motherwell tells #DeStaebler, who was uninterested in #AbEx, to give up art while at Black Mountain
Can you follow me?! ♥ Im watching icarly right now.. iParty with victorious :)
So andrew bynum how easy is it ti close out teams?
DREAMS DO COME TRUE!!!!!!!
I like that she won, just on general principles.
I'm impressed by anybody who can get strawberries to grow here. Never had luck.
Now that would make it classy...
straight flyin today homie... Bad luck. keep it up!
RT The heat is bad, but it could be worse. Imagine if all these nice white Capitol buildings were colored black.
Thanks dude. Much appreciated!
Thank you! (: Of course, Stay high!
Getting ready to pick up my BFF Staci J at the airport!!!!! Can't wait!!!! :) :)
When I hear avg NBA players w/ contracts like that, I get pissed thinking of $40K Police/Fire/Teachers getting cut
aww how excited. Hope you have fun!! Take a lot of pictures.
working on something
does it, does it really. . . I am still sat patiently waiting for a phone call from your highness
#Kobe missed shootarounds because of a stomach ailment. Will this be his #flugame? Greatness tonight, can't wait!
you me and karli needa watch #horriblebosses so damn funny!
trending cheryl cole's #CallMyname! too excited!
I love the dark, ominous music they play whenever someones voice cracks on
Yes! Alison has never been, but doubt I could get her to leave. Session was a blast...the Brits are great people....
lololol call me when you can!!! Omgomgomgomg
I don't think it is ! I'm bout to o put all them dishes back in the sink. !
It feels so good to have that 80gb iPod back in my hands.
timeout..I'm not a Heat fan..them niggas bitch made but they winning the championship haha
Come on
you totally just introduced me to your music by following me. :) you're so talented!!
Destiny is not a matter of chance it is a matter of choice. - Anon
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE will you call me please.. i will be the happoest girl alive.. i would cry alot
Am i dreamin
I know you're keeping things simple FrankWork.com but it would be great if you tied into google calendars or apps.
omg where have I heard that before? And agreed!
stop it. your wedding blog is THE most adorable thing EVER.
great show
Raymond F. DeVoe Jr.~ Economics is war pursued by other means.
thank you n you gies put on the best show tonight!!!! :D
Ready to relax
Ahh i love how me and my brother and annie were seeing who can do a handtand the longest!(:
Talking my kit kat! Gotta love true and loyal friends
Omg I'm like shaking & crying D:! That was so weird I was like crossing at the traffic lights which were red but this van was like zooming
don't fail me, young Stankling
i use to love twitter.,now its boring.
Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes ~ E W Dijkstra
Ig I'm going to watch tv because I'm bored
"unemployed need not apply" now illegal in Oregon thanks to Portland mayoral candidate and state legislator
Cant wait for sons of anarchy tonight!
Sorry. I dont know wht that means?
The fact that people think what we as producers do is easy #Makesmelaugh. Things are not
SHE SAID I KEEP ON RUNNING...AND I CANT GET AWAY FROM YOU..CANT STOP MISSING YOU.
can you tell three people today about your acting goal for 2011?
police activity on sea st. What's happening? By Adams shore grocery.
"We have saved our best for last!" - HCBS
I don't think I can hold it in anymore, I just want to break down & cry.
Producers is emailing me some hot tracks im bout to get it in.....#BAMSQUAD!!!!
T3: Refund in terms of "I'm sorry, we shouldn't have given you that second xray. Here's the $700 back."
UNC students line up for chance to see Obama
Filled my car up with gas because I didn't want to get stuck on the highway.
ability to control better your device and test/use apps not on the app store
you #chafemysoul! Go rub someone else the wrong way!!!
So bored ._.
Don't you hate when you're parents think they know more about the sports you play then you
Watching the station chiller its Oct scary month my movie should be on this damn station
I miss you of
hahahaha. yeah. I'm up making a set for me of Prom Night! :) you're allowed to have a gif sig and avi... <3
Im hungry though!!
.... Just doing my part spreading awesomeness.
Any science museum peers pushing collections to ? What about VertNet?
thank u thank u thanku!!!!
Saw you follow some pastors/churches. Have you heard of ? I brought his book #ProducedByFaith here to read.
SanDiego UTC mall features food trucks such as organic Devilicious, Chop Soo-ey's pork confit salad, Operacaffe's Tuscan fare during remodel
#TMoneyTuesday ~ "When ur heart is open and u are being true 2 urself, you are able 2 enjoy every step of ur unique journey."
Day two of workouts with the wife: I can't walk. Up stairs. Down stairs. In a straight line. And she's loving every minute of it.
Tweet more often & you'll get more folks interested. You've got great cheeses & great products so share them!
Don't let friends make decisions for you..be your own person.
Big factor in the Danny O'Brien saga: Bielema repeatedly talked about how Russell Wilson fit at UW. Is O'Brien the same kind of teammate?
#EATSTREET :D Now it just went off :C
hey bby, please follow me. <3
Omfg! Almost 30min to 2 miles in 100 degree heat with no AC. Still not moving more than few feet at a time
Race? What race? Catch up SUN :)
CALEB RAY MONTGOMERY YOU PLAY BEAUTIFUL MISTAKE RIGHT NOW
brillant! New Season in fall...answer could have been good...hype the wedding plans n still have goodratings
Daddy's Day - wishing I was with mine...
- Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you , for all I have.
DO IT.
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
if its me that tweet isnt about you but im not assuming .
Thank you for the follow, have a great day!
Check out the #YPM / Newaukee gala tonite at the MKE Co Historical Society. Starts at 7. Tix $25 at door. DJ, drinks, food and !
Long lines.. <
Lmao sound like something i'll say RT : Heard a girl tell a nigga "suck my dick"
Arthur C. Clarke Award for Advancement of Imagination in Society to Sir Ken Robinson given tonight in DC
had so much fun with my bestie jess <3 her so much
Haha exactly. The kid deserves a shot, but he's not getting it. I want him to start more so bad.
I am so incredibly impressed with right now. Wow
The new Rise Against album gives me motivation for runs. Here we go....
If anyone was scared of Final Fantasy 13.2 because 13 was so awful-- don't be. 13.2 is surprisingly good.
17 - my lucky number.
Maybe he's not being swung by individual games?
the bar is set pretty low
Sitting in an auditorium for two hours? Yeah, not fun. Thanks Kristin for working tomorrow, Tosh in 5,
Tune in now for the chance to win tickets to Bear in Heaven this Wednesday at Schubas Tavern!
cheers for your band it rock i love your music it's the best :)
Fa Shooooo!!!!!! #TeamDwade #TeamHeat RT Now the REAL team is about to show you how it's done
Beautiful vocals by Adele & Jennifer Hudson. They make everyone else look like they've got ADHD, lol
I really don't want to get this wrong lol.. I'd say cahldean.. maybe..
Sorry Obama, that move is NOT going to save you
man I was giving you niggas buckets lmao
; )=> “: Not much difference between a gas pump and a slot machine these days ; )”
Chef Chris is fixing up a very special Brunch Menu for Mother’s Day this weekend. You can enjoy these Mother’s Day Specials starting today!
#RonaldJenkees on repeat helping me bang out this 20 minute presentation the night before
I did both time bruh , I swear I did right after David !
Walk Outside! Its
Fuck T-Dog, of course you got to at least check back at the highway before making a run for it.
I have those same days
wahhh we miss you too <3 let's hang out soon I promise I won't try to kill you
LOL at the old women who like to wear sixteen year old girl outfits.
Absolutely loved the series finale of #EastboundAndDown...until the last 45 seconds. Thoughts?
The led board is too bright..
shout out to my nigga for da invite to muligans...dats a nice ass spot to chill
#FLO RIDA is now trending. That's a big deal!
Happy Beat #dook Week! Cue the YouTube hype vid marathons
K, I'll meet you down at the Pro-Castro rally...bring some communist flyers...and some "Two Wrongs Equal A Right" posters
This year's graduation gift will be an envelope and a form to indicate how large your enclosed check is.
#EverydayIThinkAbout what other shoes I could buy 💡💡💡
People Make Up The Most Lamest Excuses ....
There's only 2 more weeks left in the semester! Good Luck on finals everyone! -CJ
How did you do??
I might be a little outside the "drop by" zone, for travel purposes, but I'll be eating your pasta mentally (oo, too dirty?)
Blaring Boyfriend by Justin Bieber with Colby.:P
Money Secrets Volume I Want To Show You Exactly How You Can Quickly & Easily Start Your Own Paid Membership Site, So Yo
Slow day for breakdowns...
Someone's boat caught fire on the ramp at the lake and is totally destroyed. #sadday 😔😥
starting to write my first holiday/winter track tonight! :) Stay tuned.
I gotta learn how to let a lot of things go because I'm only making myself upset
5mins left freaking out
Awesome artwork all around the office from ! Thanks to all who helped make this happen.
With my mom at her annual check up today. Madison WI treats its seniors really well. Maybe the scowl on my face helped.
forgery as a concept has an interesting history in its own right.
I think Jan Brewer personifies the GOP attitude towards the POTUS when the POTUS is not a Republican. What a piece of trash
plz follow me your are my idol and inspiration :)
Apparently Bachmann claimed Swiss citizenship? Is pot legal there? Maybe she'll for President there...you'd have to be high to vote for her.
State Committee for Family, Women & Children considers adoption procedure in ... - Azerbaijan Business Center
Happy Get Wasted Day to my Brotha from anotha
had Dom for breakfast. Thought of u and your penchant for classy drank.
When you have an artistic project,no matter how long it takes,you have to see your songs in real, in the universe. U deserve it.
Im alergic to the sun
I hate being on my 🔴 man .
I know, I know! Haha I don't get on here enough!
ooouu bby <3 (; teehee I love that song n I'd totally marry you :)
Whoops! I didn't even notice that. Predicting the future now, eh?
Start wherever you are and start small
I get lots of "Fun Failure" playing Words With Friends...so I must be very resilient.
UI seems much more streamlined, I'm liking it.
SMH @ people using a headset and still holding their phone up to their mouth...
Le Ninja believes in compassion; therefore will extend you shipping compassion on order of $50 or more.
I said nothing. Two hours later, I naturally thought of the perfect response...
doubt that you'll read this but if you do You Rock!!!
yeah yeah :)
Watching Bus Stop with Marilyn Monroe on PBS. And writing.
Have fun!
RT : At 1 p.m. today (Wed., 12/23), UNM classes & non-critical departments will be closed for the rest of the day. Updates: 277-SNOW.
Another night of tossing and turning :(
well that's going to become a national story sooner rather than later.
So happy I get a date for prom! Thank you God!
Oops, June 8th is my MLIS anniversary! How do I know that? it was also the day of my 1st tweet, which had nothing to do w/ getting my degree
the only thing more exciting than this shower I'm about to take is what I'm doing afterward.
Mr. Brown and math. Still a better love story than Twilight.
hell yeah!!!
Wouldn't mind spring break in Fiji for the blue skies, clear water and lack of effort needed to stay afloat in water
- Whoa... whoa... whoa. Do I smell a #WizardofOz theme brewing? :)
:D I missed you during aerobics today!
What! Cool, Blanchet.
Visit SwagMyVideo.com N Check out a Few Videos We Shot In NYC. Full Site Coming Soon...Stay Blessed
Thats a great photo!
#MyFavoriteCodySongIs crazy but true ✌
The ugliest think they're the cutest...
Day #2 - Prom dress shopping. Crazy stuff.
somebody go buy me more hershey's kisses :(
lol surprised I wasn't included in this...
Unsure of details but could have the potential to be lucrative. Looking forward to seeing the exclusive content provided.
Happy damn birthday to
COME OUTSIDE IT'S COLD D:
You so crazy... oh, and thanks for making me picture that during lunch.
FT: Like to show standardized video to convey info. Eliminates need to repeat & ensures consistency. Play game @ end test knowledge
checked the weather forecast4Williston ND when I will b there 4 a week March 28th-April 3rd,it's going 2 snow,my butt will be frozen!
bhahaha, he will have to be-friend some new Gordon millennials.
There is no salary cap in baseball so the money argument is pointless. Again, who would they have replaced that $$ with?
hey did you findout if anyone wants to buy a ticket?
Most people: lazy Sunday. Me: Lol lazy Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.
Happy Birthday! Hope it's great!
Open communities are best with user generated content - every post deserves a response
today, i become mr. Nowhere man!
you can listen to it live on 1620theZone.com
chess a thinking man game i always incorporate it with basketball you gotta be able to read your opponent counter his moves
"All I have, all I need, he's the air I would kill to breathe" amazing song by Sara Bareilles =) I loves!
Omfg.... He's here... It's fucking awkward.
#Babson women are ranked #5 in the national women's poll. Case can be made for #1 if Amherst slips.
Anyone out there have any dealings with the #TNRoofingProfessionals or #MSRoofingProfessionals in TN or MS areas?
But it looks so healthy!?....I kid, I kid, lol!
My "shortcut" home tacked on an extra hour of driving. I've learned there's no avoiding pdx traffic.
Hi guys:3
Thank you Dr. King for your Dream!
Air & Space Museum! Wish you were here!
Blowing out #WiredFest2012 tix at Hammerheads on Cottman Ave! It's Packed w/
just finished The Nicest Kid by ! EXCELLENT work; highly recommend for Intro class to Grad Seminars.
Poor kiddo. Jenna's missing her friends, too. She wanted to go back to school tomorrow.
Oh no... I apparently also say "library."
General observation: Strippers get really upset when you ask them about other strippers.
I became friends with the singer and bass player
Knowledge is power. Knowledge to save power. Enable the consumers.
15th & Wells...wind...wind...go away. See ya' @ 11:30 hey.
It's Presidents Day but that doesn't stop us coworking diehards Ditch the masses at the coffee shops & join us for the day!
Don't misunderstand me: this 1 question: Why is FOX offering me Sally Kohn? Is it for my benefit?...for their image? Not freaking out. Why?
I like the Peanuts, Snoopy & Chuck. I really like this quote too.... Happiness is anyone and anything that's loved by you. ~Charlie Brown
I pray for her every night that's all I can do :/
i love you lady gaga,please follow in my twitter,please,i love you,I'm your fan! thank you very much!!
#FlymetoLondon so I can flip my hair and overwhelm One Direction.
Depends on what you're studying. You can love it and hate it with equal passion. What is your present interest?
Bunch: #culturalmuseums don’t need to try to become community centers, rather centers of their community.
Lets see how this Bedard guy does, then we can talk shit about him if we want
RT : I Hate big ass striped scarves
#dramaticMAHOMIES lmfao. You really think is going to like you of you turn something small into WW3? HAH
Talked to my crush today for a long time.... I'm surprised by how much he remembers about me <3
Lol. are you not having fun?!
So many mistake mentions for Kendall lol I'm stealing all your mentions ;3
that just infuriates me.....
Does anybody want to tell these people on campaigns who say "I'm here for freedom" that they are free already?
Austinites beware: some bars are charging SXSW prices for drinks. I'm looking at you
Make sure all your sites link to one another - website, blog, twitter, etc. Keep people with your brand longer
super small! well so great to reconnect! just read your interview- congrats! Next time you're in LA we should meet!
I listen to all your music for a beast ass workout #whew!
great refresh to the UI today! Really enjoying it!
just did
sweet! no, this place called la dijonaise in the helms building!
Hello all! Excited to be here :)
I just realized all of my professors for next semester are in this room
I am now the proud owner of a new (used) kitchen table, a 4 dollar microwave, and a giant whiteboard.
What a great showcase of milwaukee music last night. Thank-you jeffrey and uncle lee
I'd like to send out a very special "Happy Birthday" to my girl, May all your wishes come true this year, and more! <3
"Having Vagina means you have heart problems" - McKenna Mitchell, Age 8
Taco Bell Dorito Taco. So much better than I could have dreamt. #dotitoslocostaco #tacobell -JO
Lmao I'm just speaking what I feel is the truth. He could rap but he's a fake thug. Lol
Did u send me a DM? If not someone hacked ur acct.
Lots of fun...congrats on a great job. Thanks for having me.
yes we have sold many thousands of Vivotek cameras. we find defect rates less than .005 %
Q10: European winter retreat fit for Santa and his elves?
Target after t ball was a big mistake. Dumb ppl must wake up later
cause... A reason lol, when we gonna go to your house and play Kinect again? Lol
LOVE seeing u here! Happy Mother's Day... xo. :)
Thanks! If you can, come on down to Nemo's tomorrow night. Expecting a few hundred Tigers fans
I've been one of Bogues' biggest fans, but it's hard not to LOVE this trade
he was probably on shrooms xD
off to see #DarkShadows in IMAX at the Franklin Institute.
I want tales of graces f, xenoblade chronicles, dark souls, arkham asylum, and monster hunter... Plus I want a new amp & new contacts -_-
Real shit lol dfisher would have made that shot that blake so conveniently lost
"When I started nobody liked the way I played. That was what I wanted to play but they weren't ready for it. Then James Brown came to town."
just had to explain to dad how to
It kinda should be more to-do oriented.
Listening to B side of U2's Unforgettable Fire on vinyl...Bad is still one of my all-time favorites
Zac brown band is awesome!!
I am dead serious man lol I am so looking forward to soju with samgyupsal! lol
consider: promotion is necessary for spreading word about what God is doing, so that you can point them to Him.
Bitch, you don't know my life!
Me, me, me!! // creating our first #YBP Newsletter for
Pretty sure I had homework over break.. Good thing idgaf either way!
Cooler temps for the weekend with rain rolling in this afternoon/tonight extending into Sunday. Highs in the mid 50's today
Thanks for the RT! Have a great day!
thanks for the suggestions. We'll aim for at least one -- have a favorite?
Idea of a 2012 Happy Mix was what prompted my tweet! Using Spotify is a great idea! I have 2008 as an iTunes playlist...
follow me? I'll give you pickles.
Having a great time at the Las Vegas Beauty Show!
watching So you think you can Dance.. anyone know this twitch guy?
Toxic people tend to infect good people sick with their drama.
RT RT if you're coming to see Matt Paxton tomorrow night!
Simplifying digital preservation does not mean 'dumbing down' info.
Haha I think my English teacher hates me now
you're such a little shit! Coming home this weekend, #wrigley friday?
campus is starting to come back to life! #orientation #backtoschool #wheredidmysummergo?
Alright so I am really happy with this game. I asked for a competitive game, with the conclusion being the #Thunder win! I'm satisfied...
Lyon: "I have other approaches to identification, but [for today] I'm trying not to muddy the water."
we love your laugh! :) haha it reminds me of my little cousin's... but at least it's cute!
Just preordered One Direction up all night live concert yay! I am haveing the best day of my life!!! :)
“: still trying to figure out who the hell was texting me the other night.” God pease don't let it be me drunk texting again!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that the group secretly hates, and if your group doesnt its probably you. haha
'09 Cuspis Crianza from Priorat is my current go to of choice! It is savory, complex & the nose makes me want to pour it over pancakes!
Book your room at the SpringHill Suites for New Years! Home is just an elevator away from your night out on the town! www.marriott.com/chinr
everybody wants to be a cat
Thank you! We're stoked! RT : Great presentation of at , Congrats &
Cant Wait!
lol oh yeah
I bet it was a dude!
Lake Station with Sara.
Wore high heels to my brother's author gallery and everyone thought I was his mom.
I have no idea. why?
Chase Rettig not a smart QB. How can you take 5 yard sack there?
Van Halen in a WEEK!
Yaaaaay I got a jump... I love my neighbors
I literally am in tears. Not again.
At the Brewers game, without smartphone. Cardinals-Cubs score anybody?
trying to read impossible by nancy werlin for a literature circle
Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face. - Albert Camus
Thank you, #GoldenGlobes, for reminding me how clearly uncultured I am with my tv and movie selections.
Perfect thank you!
I'm at Pour House. You coming?
I hate it when people drop plans for a stupid reason.
They did their part.
And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age. Matthew 28:20
Good morning......Life is God’s novel. Let him write it.
Sometimes the things we say out of anger are the things we always wanted to say........
My little brother is such a procrastinator. I don't know where he gets it from 😳 lol.
Visitors aren't wearing museum staff uniform or using museum twitter handle. Their opinions don't reflect museum
Ok, show me something! I don't buy or sell anything! Just here to enjoy and RT the ones that strike my fancy!! Have a good day
rocks! Thank you from BLVDS!
Had an amazing weekend and day with my love and got the most amazing gradation gift from her #onehappyboyfriend Iove you baby ❤❤❤
Today is the first day I've done work in about a month 👍
them boys are bangin!
14 more days in i will be back home in Detroit :)
Lmao RT This dude said Bosh sprained his clit. I'm outtttie.
Just made some CDs for the 12 hour drive on Friday
: thanks :) that wood looks beautiful!! It's an old reclaimed buffet. Looks AMAZING.
YUP !! email me to pick a day
And all the clerks must have just woke up too. They're cranky!
Pooping and Punk. Always a good combination.
I can't even believe we're gonna do this whole communion without baptism thing next.
Im buying lunch for the interns today...they dont know it yet!! What should I get? Pizza? Burgers? Nothing? Just lunch for me?
Why is following me? I'm into it. I'll follow back.
iight im hgone slide up there
I believe this is the part where I clear my throat and nudge
This is why I need my license&a car.I wanna go to Arlington so bad now.meeeehhh
the box design was the tipping point
thank you m'lady. now when r we having drinks???
Not that anyone will ever complain about a politician's brevity. But 6 sentences is better than none!
Enjoying the rooftop deck !
Congrats on BIG win tonight in Florida!! , Go get them Gators tomorrow
YES! Where r u located!
high school? no I don't think.
Thanks, for loving our packaging! We would like to talk about marketing sometime.
Another Reason I Dig : "Is life about the journey, or the people on the journey with you? I vote people."
There’s no way I can pay ya back, but my plan is to show ya that I understand.
I'll find what I am looking for someday.
Dreamchasers 2 on repeat all day.
They do it just cause I'm friends with you. Tell me tomorrow (:
i know isnt it i love that vidieo it it so touching
I stand corrected
woohoo!!! Let's celebrate by staying in and watching a movie!!!
Ordered a brew kit, signed up for beekeeping classes, and made animated gifs of babies for my coworker. Hard at work, probviously.
This is gonna be a sore morning but I need to get up and GO!! On the way to the gym right now .
Being stuck on the air conditioned bus going nowhere fast. Is better than being stuck in the heat.
Alex love me still not u
"dear me, let us be elegant or die!" -Little Women by Louisa May Alcott, words to live by(: lol
I love it that #Castle screams like a little girl.
Omg! Nicest cab driver ever!!! And fast
maybe ask bolly shlumper. I bet she'd say no.
Hmm what should I do with my time.. Cute boy? Or couch?
I get more compliments on these clearance boots from Sears than any others I've got! Proof- it ain't what ya spend, it's how ya rock it!
The worst part of my day was trying to decide what pandora station to listen to
i had the most cutest evening ever. <3
YES! You just made my day!
TO EACH'S OWN..WE WASN'T PUT HERE TO BE LiKE EVERYBODY ELSE...✌
Just got back from the Pitt game in Denver, Did the Pens win?
haha Omg, u almost gave me a serious heartattack lol! I thought it was the actual Niall Horan that followed me, thanx u tho!:D
it is correct because "with" is a preposition and so if you took out alex it would be "with me" and not "with I"
Question of the day: What's your favorite board game?
Next step for Peyton Manning is being a back up quarterback for his younger brother in NY
Christine Borgman on big data: "Give it to the library, is NOT a data management plan."
I've got sunshine on a cloudy day
I'm going on Friday
Tramp stamps are like QR codes for people.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 3354 calories! on 4/20/12 at 2:04 PM
I know he's lame! It ain't the same! Switched up from Lil Wayne to Sorry game.
So tired.
Having a photo of waffles on my iPhone background is def. NOT helping while hungry and still at work.
My bed is cold! :(
no. i noticed a little blip at hatcher. i just went over to union, and power there had just come back on.
#TONIGHT Going out: "2am club concert with Colls. Press Club. Making moves" via
Getting Tats with no headphones is suicide lol
The Website is looking great and we are gearing up for a big launch on September 1st.... You'll see it.
My dad calls it "piss-poor performance" too! Also, a half-ass job. #eisummit Not the performance level our country needs to sustain success.
There should be a new video up on the YouTube channel within a few days. Stay tuned :).
awesome photos
congrats to the pius soccer teams!
Thoughts of World Series year when I attended SF home opener against the Braves with my son. Go Giants!
yeah i do but i don't think he wants me giving out his number like that so ima tell him tomorrow and get back to you fam
