awesome! I've played there a few times. Great acoustics. Let's have a reunion show there one of these days!
BRICK SQUAD
RT if you love Ariana's new name for us "tweeples" :]
We are looking for a talented Eyebrow Threader to join Mocha Couture Beauty Bar Boutique! Interested? Plz tweet back
thanks so much. Looking forward to following our tweets.
I love Juno!
I miss her everyday
Children really brighten up a household - they never turn the lights off. ~ Ralph Bus
very soon
Can't eat pork anymore and not totally upset behind it.
The French Private's Woman
yes, with whip cream
Blacklatern is grinding
TOUCHDOWN to Jones for the Buffaloes...said the offense would move the ball against AZ and so far so good CU 14-7
Sorry dude...but you're at a MLB game, NOT the boardwalk! Go back to your seat and STOP getting a caricature done
When did getting a tattoo become unoriginal?
Dear Mark Zuckerberg, Your gonna need some blonde girl eye candy to decorate ur new yacht! I volunteer for the task! ;-) Sincerely, Erin B
What time is the webcast for the east coast?
Challenges in your life will make you stronger. Dare to take a chance on the unknown.
Found other highs to be higher... RT : Best flight of the day? 20 year old Tawny Port...
LOL! Better get some RU486, stat
Thanks! It was so great to meet you at #LFI2012!
now I heard that!
That's a great question. I believe the problem in the last few stories like this has been congenital.
RT : I've mentioned before, but I recently lost my main job. Anyone know of anyone looking for a nanny or freelance writer?
I'll take those delivered to 126 N. Jeff. And quick. Afterward, I will also return your email.
One year from today it will be 12.12.12. Start planning your "dozen" theme party.
RT “: Dating your Ex again is like buying your clothes back from Goodwill...there’s a reason you got rid of it in the first place.
Yayayay! That is awesome! Hehehe glad u like it! How are u today!?
You got a A on your test? Hey it's just like your boob size
Went to River Rock Casino on Sunday and didn't win at the slots...but the buffet was absolutley great for $17.00 and I would eat there again
I love it, and I also love that two law students from U of Chicago are THREATENED as HELL by it.
Thank you I luv both of em', Us and Brazilian ppl are both spontaneous ! A feature I appreciate ma' :p
No I didn't ask him. He's my clone; I think I know what he would say.
Follow back? :)
thanks for the follow
About to watch the Titanic on Netflix....
#cataloging dept. staff: 3 to 2 after 1 retired & position frozen; then 2 to 1 after 1 goes on leave of absence. I am now a dept of 1. Yikes
If I make a mail client, it's going to pop up a dialog box ever 10ms if it can't find the server…just like Sparrow :(
If you want to make your site #responsive, email us and we will do it for you ))
Thank god no one is watching this.
Forgot my wedding ring this morning. The wife said that constitutes divorce in many cultures, but she'll let this one slide :)
It doesn't say anything about hammocks.
Great pt. MT We have adv b/c school affinity is ultra personal, powerful. We just need to stop forgetting this.
yea and id rather be with yall older people. I feel more welcome with yall.
one sided officials
Vitamin D, afternoon walk & meditation.
Watson passes it to a 45% FT shooter. Brilliant
say what you like about the deaf...
So, it's the day of reckoning. Will you be making an appearance in MKE tonight for 's super cool party?
what are they baby?
Strong management, integrity, honesty, Make residual income from a company you are proud to represent. Took 9 to find! Works! 360-217-7967
Happy Summer all!
Its Mothers day! Buy your mother something she really wants!
Tuesday around noon. Tuesday is the most active day and most people check during lunch break. But it also depends on your audience
I Followed You From This Account But I Dont Want You To Follow Me Back.... Follow
Jets losing the battle of physicality. Steelers taking it to them
hey awesome party you run, thanks for the experience! Siren, Vicky, Lucky yourself and the rest were hella fun!
on our way! Stand by!
People used to say that about me when I was small, too. :P
"Think Big, Start Fast, Scale up as needed" #usinno => How many publishers are doing this
Booty booty rocking everywhere
I went and did it when you said it the first time
Heading to #SLA2010 ? Come visit us at the BioOne Booth 1030/1032 for a sneak peek at our 2011 collections!
she might have to catch me when I'm havin a "come on baby let's fuck this house up" kinda nights
Justin Bieber gets like a million and 1 per nano second.
I still love them 😊
Digital Learning Day is coming on 2-1-12! #dlday2012 Check with your school librarian to find out more!
did u say you would be at OCmd Mem day weekend?
The shade of it all.
That does tile. Sweeps and mops. Sam is shedding. grrrr.
well, darlin', i gotta write about all kinds a wine!
Dude today is looking good :)
I understand. You can text me if you want.
Committed to memory or just in a spreadsheet or something? RT : I now know the RBG's for all 32 NFL teams. Yay.
I hope this don't take long
Why does my jacket smell like delicious oranges?
Shooting today..
I'm also running against him!
I thought that to but he still wants her
How's the writing going?
I am ashamed of myself, I didn't realize Eureka was back :(.
Warm front stalled out so we won't feel the warmer temps until tomorrow. Temps in lower 40's with clouds and drizzle.
That sounds amazing! The pictures you posted were great!
Spring cleaning is saddly one of my favorite things. Gets my OCD pumpin!
LOL. Takes one to know one. Jerk.
ok cool beans
Yo me and this chick were straight.....until she lit up a cig...dropped her like a bad habit.
when your friend fall down you lap but when your cell phone falling down you cry...OMG
Happy Fricken Birthday!!!!
Tees and Baseball Tees coming sooooooonnnnnnnnnnnn!
Egg Nog hangover
Very rough day... Not only was I able to get through it but I'm more than back on track. Welcome a stronger me.
AND look at FB *plus* other concurrent modes? (ie multimodal analysis)
Haha thank you and for sure!
Wow... Four police cars behind a stopped vehicle normally = someone's going to jail and on a holiday at that SMH
All go no slow
Recent Voicemail message I heard..."please leave a message as soon as possible & I'll get back to you at the tone"!
I say man a lot..
Interesting game between #orioles & #yankees #New York Yankees
It's lunch time down at the LR! Stop in for a bowl of soup or try our famous LR burger with sweet potato fries or onion rings!
Nintendo has so many amazing classic characters but I dislike their choice of controls.
And in OTHER news, finding computerscience books and/or mathematics books in this catalog is searching for needles in haystacks.
Brother gets home... ;]
bibliographic convergence
Loved havin' ya!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: One of the biggest variables in the cost of a divorce can be which attorneys you and your spouse select.
Ha! Lucy gets all the attention. She was went on the long 1/2 block walk to get it.
Am I cool yet?
go follow she is awesome mahomie <3
ted nugent...what?!i think twitter wants to be random...what did ted nugent do?
since I donated my opening day ticket to someone, maybe a Bucks game would be sweet!
too alarming to talk about
have a water fight in your bathroom
give me sum!!!
I'm not having any luck on my current team,I may as well switch sides. Oh& I'm NOT talking about the jets and giants, lol. :)
and pickles are still discusting!
I was looking at some 19th Century cookbooks that had recipes for veal kernels. Any idea what exactly these are?
Gr8 lunch date w at Bricktops. Next up, watching Bama game w friends at Sportsmans Grille then an engagement party. Fun day!
Trying out the "gmail offline" chrome app. Shiny!
Chargers game tomorrow night baby! Time to BOLT UP!
.. I look like kangaroo with one leg tryna shuffle!
O_o i just went to the mens bathroom... Ah!!
bulls remind me of lebron's cavs teams. Awesome in regular season, but flaws exposed in playoffs. Same will happen again “:
Haven't Been on this in a long time...miss Twitter!
m need company?!
Did the baseball season start in Japan? did anyone miss it? Yaaaaaaaawwwwwwwnnnnnnnnnnn
Excited to celebrate with all the graduating seniors today at Convocation! 10am at Felix!
Want to be a mentor providing financial advice on cars, savings, or budgets? If u know $-or know someone that does & want 2 help let us know
cause he's better than all of them...period.
The Paradox of Americans: Are we Indivdualists, Communitarians, or One in the Same?
Next time you point a finger, I'll point you to the mirror.
Why no tip jar on the counter, pharmacists of the world?
Finals facial hair begins today. My disgusting mustache will be in full bloom.
Good luck to George Karl and the #Nuggets tonight! Karl going for career 1000 wins!!
Not in the greatest mood😥
Creating a great day so far. Hope you are, too!
Clothing donations are accepted every #Monday from 11~2pm in our boutique at “The Success Center” cc.
Happy 236th birthday #Marines! U don't look a day over awesome! Thx for doing what u do every day &looking mighty fine doing it
Success is inevitable if you do the right things long enough with the right intensity.
Ever play so much Tetris that you see Tetris pieces when you close your eyes?
Thank you soo much =D
Dr. Ferdinand Porsche, who designed the 911 died today. My next purchase in your honor good sir.
An incompetent attorney can delay a trial for months or years. A competent attorney can delay one even longer.
So much venom, but most people gravitate towards skill position players. None of those selected did not deserve it. Line play!
I'm switching to hot green tea, I'm realizing how very dehydrated I am too.
Must be a good looking crowd! RT : Spotting some mustaches in the room... Grow one for a good cause!
Scholarship donor thank-you notes and prepping some bequest documents...
Food truck Fridays!
Kerry Wood is still in the Majors? I'll be darn!
Smh boxing isnt the same no more.
Could Wind sound be recorded? We do not know yet. However, we are trying to do. As Sensations, ethereal, is so Magical; escapes even the art
Same here. I also see ones begging for a follow. I thought this was about being conversational, not constant tallies.
you would read that wrong.
ikr on my way out da door y u up so early
RT : Watching & live tweet abt #fringey stuff. Makes me excited for #fringey adventures!
any chance of a middle school health and physical education conference?
Watching some of these videos on Youtube! S/O for putting me on to him! #JustAintGonnaWorkOut is the truth!
and yes i know Lola is about a transvestite....which makes it the perfect name since my pup is half gremlin and looks like a cat.
The Chia Pet Obama is also reason #57 why I am addicted to skymall
learning my way around cision at my internship and loving it!
Ballroom Dance Company Grand Opening 10 buffet that was worth 30-40 dollars. The little balerinas(mid summer nights dream) Easter dress
Wow that's quite the quake in DC...preliminary 5.8.
Our head of technology has tripled our business over 6 months. He is our biggest asset.
Poppy: "What's a horror movie?" Me: "It's a really scary movie where a bad guy is trying to kill people."
fuck yeah, knew you would be. tix go on sale regular ol ordinary day may 4th;) $25
hahahaha omg you're becoming a woman!
Nice. Me too. I did so many shrooms and smoked a fuck ton of purp.
RT : I'm pretty certain Jay Z thinks that David Guetta invented dance music w/ Deadmau5 in 2008, between bouts of Cristal + crack.
Are you paying too much in property #taxes? www.mdtaxappeals.com
Playing at timeout tonight 8-11! Big John has a new effect on his guitar that might just melt your face off! Hope to see you there!
NICE! I'll shout out in the 6 o'clock hour!
Growing a playoff beard!
NOTE: "Evolution in Investment Treaty Law and Arbitration" edited by Chester Brown and Kate Miles becomes available in December 2011.
JUST FINALLY GOT OUT OF THE U of H PARKING LOT. Now a 45 minute drive home. Lord help. It's gonna be like one o'clock when I get to bed.
g00d morning RT Tears will get you sympathy. Sweat will get you results. >> true that!!
RT : Follow us on Instagram at ConnectMeetings for a behind-the-scenes look over the next couple days!
Thanks same same :)
it's the coffee maker that justifies it. Totally about the freeze-dried coffee.
Ouch! RT : Worship music is such a good value right now... You only have to Buy 1 cd to hear what everyone sounds like
There's always a strange feeling when you set all of your out of office messages for a 2 week absence
haha well then - guess i should be on these panels! ... getting there some day
thanx u guys us r very nice ;)
it's mostly (Fictitious character) headings -- finally cataloging our hidden collection of comics
Strawberries in my salad today!! Total surprise treat - thanks lovie! , you pack the best lunches!
Thanks for that! Can we give them a collective smack upside the head? PS thanks for your work. (I tweeted w/Cargill once. Jerks.)
I love driving 30 min to a shit hole account, just for them to tell me "We're good this week" I say "Time to lock your doors"
follow for me please!!
Hate when I sit down and realize my phone is across the room
Welcome to 1Direction Academy! I'm your dance teacher Mr.Horan! Today we will learn how to dance the irish jig while dressed as a potatoe!
Pulling for Mark Valeski and Rousing Sermon in
If going means I get to hang out with I am there in a heartbeat.
Let's go crabs!
WAY to go Green!!!! Well deserved championship #Packers!!
Happiness = my 2-yr-old niece figuring out how to call from my sis's iPhone and leave me a msg. this a.m. saying "Hi, Uncle Chris"
Thank you for all the Happy Birthday wishes my friends.
RT : good evening to you yes its 3am my side...hru doing.... Lol.. #You might want to get some rest Ma'am
Peter Diamandis talk is incredible.
RIP Levon Helm
My mom just yelled at me because I said I never remembered signing up to be drafted into the service. We checked. And I did do it. Hahaha
Farms? Mtns? Migrant camps? RT Did U Know … Approximately 278,800 of Kern County’s population live in Hard to Count Areas.
Round two of shopping went pretty good. ^.^
Do u ever hope ur indoor plant doesnt grow to its full potential so it doesnt have to be replanted outside and leave u
you are seriously hysterical
We just hit 52k on , all downhill from here!
like me! in the bathroom at that club!
After Saying He Never Drove A Ferrari, Bo Xilai&#39;s Son Reportedly Got 3 Tickets While Driving A Porsche
what are you doing today ?
Perfect movie night...by myself. #morepopcornforme :)
Me: "What was that sound?" 5 yr old: "A thump." Me: "What from?" 5 yr old: "I accidentally fell out of bed."
Don't wait for a director to tell you anything. He doesn't have time.
Only 1 hour until the autograph signing with Morgan Pressel! Come on over to the Merchandise Pavilion to meet Morgan!
RT "Practice as if you are the worst, but play as if you are the best."
Am not~ I'm a blast in a glass!
Lakers winning. Too many of yall niggas been hating on my squad
Well maybe from his pocket book and accountant but he'd be a happy bunny! XD
Aqua fit people are funny. They bring more shit for 1 hour then I pack for a weeks vacation
its so fun to pick the outfits(:
'' Stop playinq wit me man before i knock yah ass out '' lmaao
but always get a second opinion. ;)
Since I started working my booty call list has shortened!!!!!! WTF Lmaol
i just need a live code please
My bf already knew about WolframAlpha! & you can have conversations with it! Try typing in "Hi, how are you?" Too funny.
Always my pleasure, "sistah." Hope you're having a grt weekend. Extended b'day celebrations? ;)
I'm fairly certain that the president has regular (weekly?) chats with fans on the official website.
Game design seems interesting.
No worries :) Thanks for doing the happy dance with us!
Glad you liked the tips! Thanks for the tweet!
“How do you talk about Michael Jackson except that you mention Prince Screws?’’ John Jeremiah Sullivan's PULPHEAD. Enjoying it.
i was down there tonight too harvey ! ate dinner at the old fashioned !
Spending the day with Central Exchange #Leadership Lyceum. Inspired by author Morton Hansen insights. Recommend his book Great by Choice
Had a great yoga class in the evening. amazing :) First time practicing 2 hours of yoga and 1 hour of walking everyday
Just waved at some hitchhikers in SLO because I knew them.
Hope is the dream of a man awake.
mean you can come through if you want....
Can't wait to see the bears romp all over green bay!
To whoever made the crockpot: I love you! I love you! I love you!
"what I need from you is understanding" rings in my head. What I need is a divine change.
I LOVE
Your'e welcome Another great resource: The Flavor Bible—my go to when I need a creative jolt!
Also love this Target commercial with this young girl belting out #adele!
WHITE GUY: Why are asprins White?.... BLACK GUY: Shidd Iono why!.... WHITE GUY: Asprins r White because they WORK lol .....BLACK GUY: -__-
lmao yeah doctors say they never seen as ass so small
yeah right, u NEVER tell me anything
Justice for #Trayvon. , please RT. Rally this Saturday at Freedom Plaza NW #DC 2-4pm. Wear a hoodie or all black.
Hey... we practiced.
Long Monday at the office? Come relax at Petterino’s with our #tasty small plates and enjoy our “Monday Night Live” entertainment!
Watching MNF on TV, NU basketball on the iPad and getting UConn updates on my phone...oh technology.
A woman just walked by me wearing red boots, a red coat, and black everything else. Why don't I carry an engagement ring around with me?
Hey man you a beast. i love your beats!!!
Made it thru 9 minutes of the Fox 25th Anniversary Special. Can anyone beat 9 minutes?
So, I know I've been on twitter for years, but how do I RT something WITH a comment? I can do it on my mobile version, but not on the pc?
nothing why
patrick & melvyn are missing?
RT : Bball teams often take on personality of their coach. Guess safe to say Erik Spoelstra suffers from erectile dysfunction.
I know right
Happy Monday! What a lovely day outside here in LA
I'm now at the age where I go to hip concerts, and I just think to myself every time "this is the last one I swear"
*cracking the fuck up* .... im disappointed.
RT: Giving head massages your jaw muscles while burning 32 body fat calories.
"He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough." Lao Tzu
when people lie..
Happy Birthday to my fellow Marines
"Comparison kills." - Chris Guillebeau, The Art of Non-Conformity
Misplaced the city of Atlantis
thought you were talking about something totally different. I'll be at the office during the day, but surely I'll be around.
WORD SCRAMBLE WEDS: This E! Network host announced today that he will be on NBC’s primetime Olympic broadcasts. RESNCSAARYET
tonight to celebrate moving on to new adventures followed by Titanic 3D. Yes.
why the fuck am i so damn tired ...
It's by choice,love the city, cubs/bears not so much. “: are you in Chicago voluntarily or are you being held hostage?
we need to be more than words
8. Take time to laugh and appreciate the little things. Happiness and positivity correlates with a happy heart.
So, how guilty should I be feeling if I ate an entire avocado?
#AIMSTech12 you video to tell learning stories, not just to share your "final product."
Celts is a very ugly, sloppy game, but i'll take the WIN
Hey Steve! I tried to respond back to you but I think you need to follow me for me to reply.
We definitely love
I loved the article and I look forward to reading your book. Many blessings & continued success
thank you! i am but the messenger, might you mail to work out details?
No, this was at work! He was cute.
I don't know whether to get one or two
Happy birthday Free bitches anywhere in the state of Florida today.
yes exactly<3
the dreamers need the realist 2 keep them from flying 2 close 2 the sun and the realist without the dreamers they cant get off the ground
Might you like to join us May 5/6 for our annual Spring Plant Sale? 400-500 ppl. Pls dm if interested!
Fabulous holiday weekend. Back to work - but every day is a holiday when you enjoy what you are doing! Started the day with fast 6 mile run.
Hello sunshine! Let's spring forward together.
yep, I cried when he followed me! :P <3
looks like you are having a great start to the Vegas pool season
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!! I love u :)
no need for him to do that...
This ones for all the people I've met in my life. I wish you all prosperity and good fortune.
Come & put ya name on it (;
amazing week in WWE live event so fun! :)
My boyfriend has a Casey Anthony updates app. That is all.
THIS. “: If you want it bad enough then you'll put in the work.”
#cil11 Lost my wifi connection. Any tips for track B?
A1: What is entitled behavior?
82% on rotten tomatoes? Really?? Am I the only one who noticed the hundreds of plot holes and the dangerous/mean-spirited message?
Bloody snot rockets... #awkward things talked about at Sagebrush worship rehearsal.
I realize that many of Rihanna's songs have some salacious double meaning, but I can't find one in "Umbrella." , please help.
Great, as always, talking to you, too! See you soon. :)
as a Preds comm/PR intern, thanks for the kind words haha. And thanks for all of the Radulov updates as well... great coverage
at the FLF office today...then prayer service tonight @ 6pm.
oh yeah thats amazing, love they have an SDK too. Though the control feature will not work in app unless Apple and others integrate.
this basement becoming what its not
Dear god. mr bensinger please come back.
Thx for the RT! Have a good night!
Just me. What are you thinking?
what's up with plone.api? can we start implementing it?
last night was so awesome. my fav yet. thanks to all who came out. a wrap-up blog post coming soon.
Merkel/Sarkozy again proved that no news is good news - or that if need be, Europe will go down talking. Help for your blood pressure anyway
This whole weekend im going brittish with :)
Officially going to crc!!
I'd rather just get a shoutout
This past week we gave a free to Heather, a fan who "Liked" us on Facebook! More to come!
Recognizing what we intially feel, acknowledging the feelings, allowing them to inform us, and then move through us brings emotional health.
omfg i remember i had a facebook page dedicated to justin. i had 2. one had 13,000+ and the other had 2,600. i barely go on it now.
your site was the only one I needed in my search for a new home. Great site!
Man oh man... RT : UNITED, TOP OF THE LEAGUE! (for now) ;)
Enjoying your evening?
April is going to be fabulous month in SD! Calendar (pg 22 of new issue) is full of ideas including
...and a really small number of superstars accounts for most of the success in any field. #TheAvengersHypothesis?
Glee shot itself in the foot...I don't care what Fox says.
Your Wii Avatar is so beautiful! He looks like Robert Pattison!
side to side body roll side to side body roll
Is getting back to work!!!
Did you know that Sealogix Fish Oil helps Dry Eye Syndrome? That's one of the many reasons I take it!
she saves your sweet messages and reads them again when she miss you..
86 nyg playoffs scored 105 and only gave up 23 beat sf, wash and Denver
sorry um half asleep.
hey ace, I seen you tweet your looking for producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
whatever, it'll be a travesty if that never happens.
Skipping school to get ice cream with best friend
RT RT ": Idk if I like being called short and cocky" ---oh but you are!! Lmao
that pic looks so good WHY did I ever leave?
One that I remember under 15 sec. I think he missed bc he was trying to draw a foul too
nobody wants to hear this but sometimes the person you want the most is the person you're best without ❤
i need to meet justin and however i meet him i better have enough time to explain to him how much i love him and to thank him for everything
RIP Maurice Sendak. Time to play the "Really Rosie" album on repeat, and console myself with Chicken Soup with Rice.
I hate it when someone turns the lights on while I'm asleep, and I'm all like (°_-)
Kate Gentile: "Babies as fetish objects for a traumatized cultural body" Thursday, 12/1, 12-2PM Graduate Center Room 6112. Free lunch!
Adam staring ftw. RT : Watch Doctor Who, stare at pictures of Adam Lambert, or write the great American scifi novel...hm
If ejaculation is delayed in all situations, in all sexual activities and with all partners, the disorder is “generalized.”
To cold to go out today, go to my web-site www.community-mortgage.com
Watching New York Minute♥
You're hot as hell ^_^
dude ttyt am going to sleep
Got to love these NBA playoffs
Let's go boys!
the newest killshot created yesterday blacked Jacob out and made another dude vomit I may have come up w perfection
you are so stupid Katherine. Text me.
Dr Bart has updated his blog on Mediclim discussing the numerous advantages of the Mediclim weather health alerting system and how we help
Congrats and thanks to for using soundibite including "mishegoss" in this morning's report.
I am getting obliterated by lol. I expected it to at least be competitive.
The person who doesn't make mistakes, is unlikely to make anything.
So finna listen to my ipod
Baha well then... Well Wat happen about explaining a bj to a girl
#HatersMotivation less than a month away
I'd say this is pretty much paying my dues.
RT Porcello just not pitching well tonight. End of story. He is throwing not pitching
Fun! Also great: "Holiday" w Kate and Cary.
My husband really spoils the shit out of me. I'm not sure I deserve someone this amazing, but I'm hanging on for dear life. #sappytweet 
im not :3
WHAT I LEARNED IN BOATING SCHOOL IS.....!!!!!!!
I see how it is
I must be the only person in the world that can get confused between 7.10am and 7.30am! #TwentyMinutesLessInBed!
Jamocha shake! m
You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was. Abraham Lincoln
They did an advance preview of the pilot last night 12/11. Series starts airing late January.
still gets the residue off
#FALCONS looking really Good today... #DirtyBirds 4life
✋ yeah yeah.
If I get fucking stuck in Minneapolis...
Second Annual iSchool UW Research Fair on December 1 at 7 p.m. at the UW Burke Museum, hashtag: :
Agencies sell hours, soft companies sell products... Isn't a core issue how they work...
What's up with this twitter to capacity thing anyway? Can they improve?
Thanks so much to for the birthday wishes!
This Direct TV commercial cracks me up every time.
sounds about rite to me
A successful program on Sunday with Ba Luvmour on Boundaries with children - were you there, what did you think?
Woods to use Greenbier us Open tune-up Tiger Woods will play for the first time at the $6.1 million US PGA Greenbrier Classic as a July t
Anybodys birthday today:D tell me iwould like to know and i wish youa happy birthday:)
thanx for your concern for Human rights in #Nigeria and
Shouldn't any review point out that you were so sure of ineffectiveness of gov't polcy that you'd have time to write a book?
OU bound tonight to see my love.
I am not pretty. I am not beautiful. I am as radiant as the sun. Know why? Because I'm wearing a bright orange shirt with red&yellow. XD
Awesome!! RT : just registered for my first 2 of 9 NYRR races to qualify for the 2013 #nycmarathon!
The chairs for DDH are equally uncomfortable for all. You coming?
party at the block tomorrow. You in?
Another beautiful Wisconsin day! Hope everyone is enjoying it!
listening to recite an episode of 30 Rock word for word. loving every minute of it.
Love being woken up past midnight by teen looking for a headband.
In the words of Miranda Priestly: "My flight has been canceled. It's some absurd weather problem." Thanks for nothing Irene.
the girl explaining or tay?
Doh! I thought we weren't friends on here anymore...glad I was wrong!!!
sorry. It's not perfection if I'm not there....with bacon.
D-Rose droppin the double Brett Favre tonight
This game is horrendous
My eardrums are bleeding shit was so loud lol
please follow me back <33333333
Haha exactly. Totally different.
Lost again tonight... About to half-ass this project so I can get some sleep. Hopefully tomorrow will be a good day.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no.
near what area of San Antonio?
Where's a good place to get an oil change?
YEAH. Advance purchase problem
Your very cute (:
no problem-we're all about aesthetic objectification! :)
is there anyway to un-update the software on my DVR? Hating the new interface!
I do
What about those ones that cost $$$ to convince people of things that are blatantly common crap?
Checking disks... :( almost there.
where is your favorite brisket in Sacramento?
He's not even arrested, because a 17 yr old, unarmed, 140lb "BOY's" life has no value in your eyes. His life means zip to you.
New Years Eve 2009 at PRIVE hosted by the December 2008 Misses *PLAYBOY PLAYMATES* JENNIFER & NATALIE the CAMPBELL Twins.
And no bullshit that will get me killed, either
Luke my dog is telling me to let him out>>>Guessing that to go out<<<<!
Just got my Tom's shoes today - love them! “: Start Something that Matt
So the was last night. Do you watch ? Were you there last night?
LETS GO RONDO! LETS GO McGRADY!
*sees birthday tweets* *logs off Twitter*
Good morning Twietnam...
Typing in high heels today. Trying to stretch out an older pair.
Part of problem is UT somehow allowed athletics to "own" the longhorn logo, etc., so most money for merch goes to athletics.
"Congratulations! Heard U are now the hardest working trainer in the ATL. Will call U tonight." ~ Solomon
RT signing the lease today, expect to open in a week!!!!!!
Thanks Alexander! Appreciate your help in spreading the word.
right not "nigga" he calls him "nigger", talkin bout droppin his own granddaughter off at the firestation, name her "spot"
The German Embassy is promoted Twitter account? Are they still doing PR damage control for that WWII thing?
Corridos, banda, tequila...I'm a happy girl!
She's hurt, mentally an emotionally. But everyday, she walks with a smile 'cause that's who she is: The girl who never stops smiling.
Happy first at of work !! Knock em dead!
I miss flash mob guy......um...not really.....lol.
Self importance is important on a certain level, but self Bozo the Clown important on all levels
Happy new year twitter world!!
Obviously this argument stems around all 3 being healthy. Sid and Geno are pretty much equal. Staal far better than both on D.
RT : And as we march into the #99Spring we will do it together and we will win. We are the 99%.
& edge in the same ring?? Omg, that is one ring full of hottness right there! :D
Now in progress.....1st grilling of 2012. Doesn't matter that its only burgers.
quit messin' around and get a Droid, son.
i wash it so much its fading lol whens my pinup girl photoshoot lol
Exactly! Just like I wouldn't want to be judged for food my parents gave me to eat when I was 7-10 years old!
I miss
Guys if you're thinking about making a custom playlist for that special lady here's a tip. DONT
OR: OLCC announces $20 million increase of liquor sales in 2011 raising total to $448.8 million in sales in 2011 - 4.5% more than in 2010.
cookib mom her bday dinner. jumbo shrimp scampi, rice pilafe an fries!
issue w/ USC has been fixed. Auburn is good argument but that 1-time aberration taught teams importance of....
You are an amazing woman , I love the energy you have on your videos .
Flux Capacitor?
On February 14, I walk outside of the house of Austin to get his attention
I'm pretty sure I bombed that Vu Test... Oh well what else is new? 😒
If anyone wants to come pick me up from the school & take me home.. go right ahead.
damn she need to call me
I love Charlie Rose, but in the morning? It's like Matt Lauer doing late night. Not natural.
Thanks for the RT :)
woo hoo! :) it's hard when family is apart
great turn as Mitzi on Modern Fam !
what's ya email?
Followed :D
i wa finna ask you a question but neva mind
Okay it is back to work but the fun lasted a good while! #Fiesta San Antonio is always a birthday cake a Mi Tierra! #NIOSA #KingWilliam home
Hockey announcer: "That goalie is going to get a sunburn on the back of his neck from that red lamp going off so much."
Good so far. A little smokey up front and sweet in the finish RT How does everybody (who got the beer) like it #beerclub?
Sparkling bacon? Sign me up!
be sure to also check my imdb and adult friend finder profiles.
Giving away Jim Gaffigan tickets around 3:54pm on The Zone @ 94.1 better tune in.
Our July training class is wrapping up today! They're a great group from diverse backgrounds all eager to speak up for Bmore's foster kids!
Watching sing & play the piano on WOW he's #Talented!
Maybe the B is for Benigno.
The Taylormade rocket balls.
yeah, pretty good one.
love is a strong 4 letter word...
The only good thing about this absolutely uninvited cold weather is that it's a great excuse to go shopping
Can't wait to share with you all my new favorite hair item!!!
So souped to see everyone. and taylor donnelly (sorry I can't remember the name of ur twitter donnelly lmaoooooo)
i love MYtuva Brown
Let the vacation begin!
72º F (22ºC) going up to 87º F (31ºC) today in Houston, TX
Farming fish: Hamilton couple continues operation of Bitterroot Fish Hatchery
that would explain a lot
Talking to my buddy Mark in California on ooVoo
I don't think I've ever seen anything quite like this "Flyers west" fad. I hope I never do again!
A perfect night for the theatre with for #QueenoftheMist Excited to check out this new theatre too!
come be my friend on facebook at
Let's go madrid!
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
That was the Dumbest #Punkd episode ever.... it wasnt even funny
Hi! sup?
Thursday night is movie night! Come down & keep warm inside with a movie on Van Gogh and a hot toddy!
We kinda feel the same, there is a lot of hype around this IPO.
Host at a show intros me as th "Headliner" (Not quite there yet dude) Then tells the audience how we do a lot of open mics together
lol dnt call me slow again
Everyone in San Diego has to watch South Park tonight. Seriously. Do it.
will u go get me some ice cream?
Sipping on a couple of heineken and watching Jason Friday the 13th RNS I'm scared as hell lmao
Ian MacKaye: "A record that does not get listened to is a piece of trash." what about all those studio #phish records ?
I absolutely love her. & that song.
I couldn't find anything you suggested, so I went for Bass Ackwards, i looked it up after and it was a zero budget sun dance film
I love when I choose a wine randomly and the server tells me I've made an excellent choice.
Great morning class today! Lots of energy!
good job
Couldnt have said it better myself RT : If you dont know how to be in a relationship dont be in one
Haha oh don't worry...I vetoed that real fast
Daylight savings time - you are no friend of mine. Hope I'm leaving for church on time.
Iknow I Still Got That Paper You Made Me In 5"th Grade **
That's so cool! Thanks for letting me know!! :)
Writing new music is a blast! We think you're going to like the new stuff.
Singers wanted for a FREE industry showcase (Tuesday, May 22). There are cash prizes & industry judges! For details call 347 249 9441-
Just dug through a garbage bag of taco wrappers trying to find the batteries I bought for my vibrator. I've reached a new low point, guys.
It's no point in arguing with dumbasses who THINK they know about basketball.
boy its under control I got it done
thank you mr morcelle! I'm excited. I'll be cooking in a restaurant down there!
haha thanks. it was really awesome! :)
RT : Well hello Friday, so good to see you again so soon!
well isn't she lovely! YES for this avi! Lol 💗💚™
Certainly got a lot of attention tonight at the #AcademyAwards. Long live the King of playing hooky ;-)
I took so many tests yesterday and I still have weekend homework crap! :(
ah worlds colliding!
thank you!
what about rinsanity?
Yo yall seen that vid of will smith pimp slappin buddy who tried givin him tongue??? Come on now
The beach is beautiful...love it!!!!!!
Getting ready for F.A.M.E.!!!
it is raining...party time?
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
what's a fax machine? ;)
at Yandiola one of the best places in Bilbao to have a great dinner with friends
Lastly you'll see: me, be 3 by 3 firing these things called TNT.***** lol
You're Welcome hun ♥
well I was just on it tonight and there are indeed some
I have found god - he is good, gracious, and very funny - - he is MY kind of god!
Whenever an awkward pause occurs in conversation, ask, "How about that 2Pac hologram?" Instant results!
RT : The media has paid little to no attention to both Clemens & the #NHL CBA set to expire on 9/15. Now
love on top - beyonce
is the hey song gonna make a comeback?
Orthodoxy means not thinking - not needing to think
Springsteen amazing as ever. Can't wait to see him in Philly next month.
Success - Impatience never commanded success.
A good number of attendees are already hear talking, gaming, and designing. Come by and join us! (Tawes 1100) #THATCamp Games
follow back please please please?:)
RT : Sometimes sleep is the best medicine
#saascon Data security, data privacy, data locations will be key considerations for creating an effective GRC framework.
haha I would love that! But I can't :(
okay haha your funny u dont even no half the stuff we have gone threw an done for justin but okay bye now
Anyone out in DC tonight? Whats looking good?
Ikr! I Made That Picture!
Physically drained *yawn* took the kiddos to the park for some UV rays. Now back to my studies b4
I agree with you. It is amazing how many shots UL forces the opponent to miss. I would like to see UL in the FF.
thanks you for the rt! And Happy #LATISM day!!
be at Hayes crib bout 5
with out him the jets did not make the playoffs with him on the jets they could be 11-5 they have to get him back he got the swagg
I want to put a ding in the universe. Steve Jobs
. And no mention of Ann Rommey's $1000 t-shirt?
Love having to go all the way into the office just to get the power cord for my computer so that I can work from home. -sigh-
what's on my mind today: pancakes. I keep misreading words that star with P as pancakes. Making for a delicious (but disappointing) morning
I bet it wasn't Monica.
Headed to #hawks game tomorrow? Join us for brunch at 10am, then take free ride zone bus down 1st ave (at Bell!)
Were all gravy! Hats off to you! One of the best group projects ever!!
Just picked up my new Trek Superfly. Thanks Shawn T. and Blue Ridge Cyclery!
Different kinda money makes different kinda moves
We have 1 XL left in each tee design. Dont sleep on them, because these designs will not be reprinted again!
I didn't know you were a derby dame! Else, I would have asked for your opinion on my name
ONE HOUR form LIVE "SINGLE CHEF" show in the room live. Log on at www.theroomlive.com Yum yum Delicious Salmon, in w/ wine, lemon, cream.
I don't just say I'm done with someone and not mean it. Gosh I'm so annoyed >.>
haha cute! Loving that glass!!! 🍸
tony romo hardly makes the top 10 is say he's either the 10th best or 11th.
My new favorite tweet: Shitmydadsays!
That's #awesome guys!!
i lasted about 20 secs too. & resent that i'll never get them back. since its for charity, i won't mock, tho won't listen either.
thinkin out loud girl u gt my head in the clouds body so sweet it kills me to see u let this fake nigga hurt u alwaz see me u kno hw i feel
Deputies wait as faith healing couple embrace and cry
I can't believe its not butter. Really, I can't.
finally a minute to myself!
I ordered a quad espresso at starbucks and the cashier says "trying to stay woke?"
I did have a great day. Got a haircut & color this afternoon. You? :)
Bobby D sounds nice rite about now
Coffee, in bed,
“ #SeeRed #PHIvsCHI RT : Game 2, we need you all tonight. See you at the ”
Watching it as well...yeah, right....my kids love it too!!!
#whats your favorite music video?
Hawt Intern is wearing a suit and tie. I'm at my desk, that should be sufficient.
she doesn't
. " welcome to twitter bro!"
maybe later xD
If I follow one more person on twitter it is going to start a conga line
This is NicksGirlYoYoxD i'm on Tweet Limit so DM me from their :)ILYShawty<3
if I could I would. And there I just quoted phish for the first time since 15.
Ha! Lotto tixs and horseback lessons. And donuts, of course. Meet up next wk? and , you in too?
I be trying 2 follow myself lol
so exciting! how did you guys meet?
Who needs the spa! We have plenty of mud! Sign up today @ www.swampdash.com
Harrow: Gymnasiad imitates style of Dunciad, but not its satire. Earnest heroics in mock dress!
im telling yuu better do that
love you guys <3 don't ever lose that picture troy!
RT Lois not only was at Ollie and Dinah's wedding AND Dinah's bachelorette party.. but she was also at Sue's funeral...
Ryan, Y U NO tell will he is asking stupid questions also.
this open lunch with groovy peeps?
Time to make a QR code for the window. Scan it.
will u summarize best twitter archiving tools?
Thanks for the follow back <3 !!
I got my la cap on!
also, i have not watched any of these shows.
Activity Theory- fresh look at old phenomena, look 4 contradictions, & seek solutions
text me .
RT : You don’t love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her.
I'm gonna smile,laugh, and love and pretend that your not hurting me </3
oh yea prove it lol
FLETCHER RULES! He has the best plans for everything. How could you not want this guy leading our city??
cops out like its the end of the month
This week we're sponsoring the and thank all our surviving freedom fighters for all that they have done for us this 2011 year
I love bathroom acoustics!
...did he just say "he making Eddie Long decisions"???...
saw #newlyweds at the SAP event last night and it was fantastic, keep up the good work
How the hell did i lose that!?!?!?
Tired before a Tribute concert to Elton John...shit! #BackstageTweet sugar free red bull time xD
dont ever search 'teen' in the search on tumblr. just don't.
haha, I can see that! Im just excited for the new web interface!
RT : WOW! You're hot! At night... Miles away..... Behind a wall...... ln a cave...... Deep underground..... To a blind person.
he had another concert the next day I guess. Haha
You would love India (re: squatting men)!
Trying out longwear lip color. Here we go...
That would be training with Ray Lewis who lives 40 mins away.
not bad, I'll keep that in mind for next time
Thanks! I'm old!
I believe it's "out of you and me" -ass-u-me haha love that one :D
Look, it's hot, you're sweaty & stinky. Fanning yourself might cool YOU off, but we're all gonna die from your funk. Please stop. Thx
Nussbaum speaking on "Gender and the New Religious Intolerance" now
Yea, and I'm saying the 16 yo girls that changed their name to Slutty Marie McSlut-Whore are naming their children that too.
awh thank you! you're so sweet! Have a grandetastic day to you too! xo♥
I agree
lol maybe on a double date, otherwise hubby'd have somethin to say about it hehe :)
check out the website for upcoming news and gigs
Thanks, Michele, for the follow!
not as long as you provide a way of opting out of your syllabus monopoly. orphan syllabi can be very lucrative, you know.
Hey Pey you reached 80k!! Please do another #AskPeytonList :D For your amazing fans <3
WORSHIP/TRIBUTE
After the tear that has been on, he's gonna eat Lin's lunch if Melo doesn't play and he guards Lin. Hand down, Lin Down
Westbrook and durant won't b doin none of that vs the Spurs.
Its times like this when I really wish I could drive.
According to the House rules, all the Blkberrying Repubs need to be reprimanded
“: I hate this feelings. Where's the wine at?” , reminded me of us haha miss you
Last night was epic......
Awesome!! Lucky you. So again, details please?? :D
#bookaday THIS PLUS THAT - LIFE'S LITTLE EQUATIONS by Amy Krouse Rosenthal
a laker win could make your night holy hell
i have absolutely no motivation to do this damn work
gotta come to the D
Twitters: can you freeze meat after it's been brined? mixed answers on the internets. hrm or i'll just cook slabs of meat tonight, why not
True story. GO RAMS!
I miss you more!!
You know you're really bored when you just get a random lip piercing only to take it off a week later lol
Still have a pit in my stomach after watching last night's OT loss in Phoenix. We should've won. I expect payback in Game 2.
Looks like we have our first no show at the studio!
: Remember us from Vidcon? We're trying to get a hold of you! Can you DM us so we can chat about a project?
It's getting to be that time to be reborn into a zombie
hey ugly imy
BreakingNews: US consumer credit surged 8.6% in January, 2nd largest gain since 2004; borrowing indicates growing confidence in economy ...
If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first. - Kurt Cobain
Murray - equates cloud with infrastructure; web scale exs google, FB aggregated data and community supported by infrastructure
Damn just heard that Tuscaloosa is the home of some of the best bar-b-que in the US. Definitely gotta go to Dreamland BBQ.
Looking forward to my mtg with #audio pioneers at Congrats on selection as semi-finalist for
Oh crap, I've discovered #gypsywedding on TLC. Pretty fascinating from a cultural anthropology standpoint!
lol! Yes... People think I'm older but nope 14 yrs old. Not ready to grow fast. I enjoy life and taking it right.
USA PokerStars loyalists feeling the doom and gloom of something out of Charles Dickens.
Whoever say "moss" is cool
for not having a tag?
an entirely new roster, coach, GM and owner?
2012 is bringing something new very soon
Sometimes you have to forget how you feel and remember what you deserve.
Just got home from the set of the Five Year Engagement. She works hhaarrrddd for the money
and leave together on bikes to buy cookies.
Thanks for the follow!
Nice. RT : Gruden didn't like our pick... makes me feel even better about it! Jerel Worthy is a Packer!
“: cat : meow me : meow? cat : meow meow me : holy crap. i speak cat.”
Ha! Yea, Orchard Ridge is a bit less menacing.
If they hear it, and accept it, then Muslims will be set free from the condemnation of false worship of a false god.
Aye guey.. Tonight I'm going to bust my balls.
havent played that in a couple of months haha
Wow, that sounds like fun. I'm envious!
Man I come up with a play then I run it.. My playbook is cold
you're a dirty girl.
Crazy fuck republitards. We don't need no clean air or water. We can live on the moon! Yeah! You guys are fit to lead. NOT!
Now the question becomes, "will I ever have a follower?"
we will be back in sac by 5 :)
oh shit!!! It's going down right now!
So sad I won't see tonight but you'll be here in spirit!
Awesome! #RogerFederer the Great 1 is the Champion :) we luv Roger! take care :) see u in Miami
ROFL! RT : Mon's can be brutal, but this NBA Code of Conduct video will put your Mon into perspective! Watch
I assume you plan to leave at least one behind.
What's the weather look like this weekend? You'll find out at 9AM
the charred fajita steak, onions and peppers are mixing with the cheese in this burrito, causing an explosion of flavor. So good
Time flies, but remember: You are the pilot.
its an 80s cracked out Tiger sorta day.
hope you are able to get some rest. I can't image what you must be feeling right now.
but they all get better after June 10th
Watching #Ringer. Aww don't cry! You're the only person keeping my attention in this episode.
FDA update on investigation of the outbreak of Salmonella ...
You can't just watch one interview. It's not possible.
For years I thought Maven was a pain and I didn't understand it's utility. Now I kinda get it. You can teach old dogs new tricks.
Wow, I am all over the place today. Forgot to do my eyebrows and put earring and shave. Ew I feel so gross and incomplete lol. 😒
Cute! Is that a sock bun?
How people treat you is there Karma; How you react is yours.
have them at least make you a balloon animal first
I don't worry about a trend I just do me/ u don't like it so what homie sue me/
#np she lives in my lap, Andre 3000 is hard as fuck.
Thoughts are with those at Chardon HS who lost a friend, a classmate and a family member today.
a great track and good pizza - what more is there?
you sounded so depressed on the phone :(
thanks for following us xoxo
Going to VizTalk at 6p at TechRanch Austin...Jeff Brantley is leading Innovation Games.
I'm done now clowing. Tripping on FB now. SOMEBODY FLOSSES WITH A JUMP ROPE! I'm just saying I love you. Teamlightskin!
Gettin ready for my tatt!!! So stoked been waiting for this for 11yrs!!!
Mayor Boles now talking about the possibility of having Ken Burns come and temping him to do #staug series. Doesn't hurt to dream;)
#Scandal is the kind of fantasy land where a moderate Republican is president.
Georgia Tech makes 24 of 25 free throws in beating Oklahoma State. How did that happen?
PLEASE Get Me That Ipod, I Loved Since Day one.
RT Happy Father'Day. To all the dads Happy Fathers Day to you too D.W! Miss ya on Sunday's my man.
Hurrah! We're members of ! Three cheers for the Denver craft community! #LetsBeFriends!
promo shoot tomorrow. exciting. living the dream.
Never take anyone for granted, because life is so fragile and at any moment they can be taken away.
Why are the cashiers so fuckin' chatty at World Market?!
Fiction: every day.
Dj Andrew & DJ Automatic Elevated Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party w Mc Dru & dj Aaron playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
I have a whole bag
are there any general #archaeology listservs or communities that exist? doesn't seem as well-publicized as DH
Lol ": I felt like 'Q' from Juice."
we have to hold a higher standard.
link doesn't work
I just wanna work and fuck. Like George Clooney :)
So maybe it's Irish/German/Nebraskian/New Yorkian?
I know, right! Of course, I'm kind of spoiled by DC where more museums are free than not.
Stopped by O'Donovans for the Neighborhood Boys and Girls Club fundraiser. Come by and support this great 47th Ward org!
Super Bored but so much to do!
Can fat people go skinny dipping?? 😱👙❕🌊
I got them from the packers fans tour, I did the full works night away meet the players tailgate etc
I'm obsessed with #Sharpie pens!
Have fun!! I'm jealous you get to leave this awful "spring" weather behind.
deportation of 16 yr. old turns out to be a hoax... more info tonight on Univision San Diego at 6
Camille, simple, hearty, joyous, and affectionate
I miss you :(
why is it that when guys like you they are mean to you ? -.-t
Please spare the lecture. Molina got 5 games last year and he actually SPIT on the umpire. This was accidental at best.
We dont just blow bubbles, we blow bubbles with kittens inside them.
It's been a long day, gnite z....
COME WITH ME I BOUGHT MY VIP THING ALREADY
she likes the golden boy from caged
Cool, so you're coming to NYC?
Got bored today, so i put on a blue shirt, tan pants and went into Best Buy and quit!
Congratulations to me I'm pregnant hope its a girl can't wait to find out ...so excited
Sonic commercial: "That drink is so big you can claim it as a dependent" lol
How you doin man! Saw you're down wit da Toledo crew!
Prize #5: Winner will receive $100 in Plum Bucks to use on Plum District by moms for moms.
thank u. Anytime man ur da best!
JOHN ! Hi! Lol $ I know smarty that's why im here now lol
At the most amazing person in the worlds house((: Madisan Paige Faulkner is so amazing((:<33
Leaving for Plattsburgh in the morning
lol ok I'll turn it on and check it.
PPGoal for Erat. Tied at there
yes please!
March Madness with sound. Come watch the first two teams make the Final Four!
Stadium Conference Committee taking on the feeling of a retirement party -- or maybe one of those Super Bowl post-game ceremonies.
Today's been a good day so far.
Too bad "dancing with the stars" isn't really about launching washed up celebs into outer space, never to be seen or heard from again
Your welcome
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 65
Jack in the box curly fries>>>>>
nothing like arguing wether or not a sloth can climb up a tree up that's right they can
Good Luck Girl!!!!
do u enjoy eating any other cookies besides oreos??.....
Now following
im following
where is the tbar an is it cool?
Ready for #NYCMarathon! So excited to watch today
best movie ever
the unrealness of some of these stunts!
Yay, I love Fridays!!
I'm probably a bad daughter but I think usually I have. Last year I wasn't able to make it
Our goal at Lexington Plastic Surgeons is to help you LOOK & FEEL your BEST!!
Can't we all just get along?
Also helps it was directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu, of 21 Grams, Babel and Nike's World Cup "Write The Future" fame.
i just tweeted "it's cold and it's december" instead of "its rainy and its money" LIKE WHAT HOW DID I DO THAT
Happy Easter!!! :)
i don't think he qualifies as a Muppet, but he might be part of Jim Henson's workshop.
Glad to be back on track today.
New updates coming soon...maybe some interviews.. ;)
I'm getting a really small really safe car. I feel like the insurance won't be to horrible.
Neckritz asks about the current %age contribution for each fund & the multiplier for the City's role in contribution.
flight home for Christmas is set. Yeah
Stop dreaming. Live it!
Watch out for slides, some video, and podcast interviews in upcoming days on site to supplement great conference!
The revolution is beyond televised
gotta love good wine :-)
I'm not knocking Tami for talking shit. But Keisha should have said something. But I hate 2 sick someone prey on da weak. Ijs really Tami
": : I knew this season was going to do it. It was a brutal mess."
Pleasure meeting you today. Hope you found the #WPDP enlightening.
Anyone willing to adopt a black goldfish?
It is not beauty that endears; it’s love that makes us see beauty. ~ Leo Tolstoy
Got to trust, the simple truth
It's Winning Wednesday ! 3 random retweeters 2day will win a copy of 's Sex & the City Uncovered! ready. set. go!
changing tembis b. up for 2012...stay tuned
I wanna go see #Lorax tonight!😁
Let's Dance! Did you know improv dance turns stress into happiness? Free event in Building J tonight at 5:00!
Sam works really well as a name to place an order. Both on the East Coast and in the Southwest.
Contracts about up! Back on the job search.... I wanna go to Cali!!!
I'll get into this more tomorrow but a strong start at would certainly help Steve Stricker. #golf ....
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Joe Machi
I don't need the internet to know that a Bobcat doesn't make sense for the "Diamondbacks".
If your occupation is in sales...
well thank you so much! :) so glad to hear you are enjoying the music!
I know, right? But I'm sure these guys are "trained professionals"... or something like that. AKA, crazy. Good crazy.
it’s not tht im unrealistic bout my past. its just tht I prefer to remember it in an artistic way-rephrased GaGa.. i swear she speaks to ME
Q10: We'll start with Europe and work our way West.
I am so sorry for what i said, it was just really stupid, wrong and NOT funny. I felt so bad when you were mad and i feel like
Try an apple cider vinegar rinse after bathing your dog to help reduce itching. Use 1/2 c ACV mixed with 1/2 c water as a final rinse.
Please don't ever let Lefkoe host again. Perrin is the only thing saving the show. And the idiot callers are out in force.
RT : One of our widows wants to know if you feel like you're on an alien planet. Do you? As if no one speaks your language?
agree on schedule - broncos having 2 cupcakes in first 3 games really helped them get off to a good start in 09
Go Chelsea!
Increased engagement makes sense w/ the improved usability optimizing for exactly that (among CURRENT followers)
Catering to New Years Eve at www.patrickscatering.com
Yay its almost lunch time :))))))
So what? I don't get a goodmorning text anymore.. Ok..
is enjoying the Sunday morning snow show.
It's a chilly Monday in Tucson but don't worry Naughton's has all your needs to keep you warm. All our stores are open until 6:00PM.
Please no more bad flight tweets!! Hahaha. I'm sure I'll have my fair share when I get to LA.
i honestly believe that last one who was suppossed to be my heart and everything!!!!!! fucc that shit.....never again.... until i found him!
Love the Mo Willems Piggy and Elephant books. They are the BEST early readers. Such fun for us both!
in contrast, your blog page 'content' div has a padding of zero
Nothing perks up a gray Monday afternoon like sirens and helicopters in Hampden.
Thank you for making our Labor day event a success
yes ma'am!
ViewSonic Creates Cost-Effective Path to Cloud Computing with New MultiClient™ Hardware Offerings, Industry Partnerships
whats the name of that french rapper u showed me a few weeks ago 😁
Where do you go to get yummy things for your Thansgiving dinner? -Kristin Burns
this new chef michaels food is yummy!!! i might actually like this stuff more than a few days.
Happy birthday Praise! luv u
via C-Bass: 'Friday The 13th - Jason Takes Hartmut's Face'
Thanks for RT Hope you're doing well!
That's certainly the first time I've written a song and recorded it (albeit crudely) in the same day. Hm maybe I should do this everyday.
Picture a mint julep sombrero with straws attached and a rim full of tortillas!
okay that's good! :)
Can you back up external drives using your service (even if they are unplugged for long amounts of time)
Corollary: But sometimes one of the Daves will betray you.
Snow day. Reading "After Virtue." Second read, first was my freshman year of college. I actually understand it this time.
Never forget where you came from
Now hiring social media interns! Message for details.
What a day, aleady
Yeah, I'm excited to clouds too.
See you soon?
Is this how the world ends? Not with a bang but with half-remembered poetry? Is there nothing else left to us? To me?
I really hope one day I would open twitter and having in my followers list. Amen.
"This ain't your father's Republican Party" -VP Biden at Gen44 reception
Needs an off switch for my brain at bedtime
Yoo, every have one of them days where u know its gonna b good??? Hell yes, today is gonna b real good 4 me
Sorry Justin but I like swaggie more than swaggy
definitely in that league, yes.
Dear fans, yelling in a quiet ballpark ”I know the fear has got you now”...to your own pitcher...highly unproductive.
• Yes. Who is that?
#YouCuteAndAllBut you do drugs and smoke ☹
Vowed to share performance expectations early after being blindsided at a review. Company never awarded Outstanding
I have one of your quotes up on my wall! (:
that's the perfect kid! & his grandmother!
Libya fact: Monetary Unit: Libyan dinar (LD)
that's the booze talking..it smells better than it taste honestly
BEST MIDNIGHT BREAKFAST EVER
The depressing thing about tennis is that you'll never be as good as a wall.
Parenting and Sports Talk Radio . . .
yep! Its in my bag :)
it's your time man, I got your back
my pleasure! Keep up the great tweets! :)
Hope can live up to the introduction just gave him
"I like to be in waiting rooms with people as they're auditioning because their terror calms me." John C McGinley (a hint about next show?)
anytime, Michael!!
pretty much rocks
LOLZ what? aha
Olive Garden's salad..
Grrr... doesn't mention that the tip you are leaving online doesn't go to the driver. now i have to leave TWO tips!!
aw, Hulu is apologizing for NOT being able to show an ad before the show I want to watch. How charmingly delusional!
it's a conspiracy
Game day! #SportingKC takes on #MontrealImpact tonight at LSP. Make sure you head on out!
Been getting good doggie mommy advice from today. my new sweet girl comes home today! yay! Gotta love adopting from the pound
Thank you New York City for receiving our newly released book entitled "Success On God's Terms". Book signing sold out!
You just gotta deal with the shit people do. Not everyone in life is gonna stay true.
-- I can recognize some elements from various somewhat obscure, older systems, but their combination is appealing, esp. in the JVM.
Danged expectations are too high! MT “: ... expecting people to do their jobs creates a hostile work environment.”
Come on, Go with Do it. Do it. DO it.
Born in Bed-Stuy in 1917 & joining chorus lines of Cotton Club in NYC 1933 singer actress & civil rights activist Lena Horne died 9 May 2010
Jesus! Excellent point.
Viddy the new Twitter background for , a taste of what's to come on the new site design!
Not surprised!
#FitTip: Fidget more... Finding ways to move is essential to your health
There is no worse sound then the alarm at 5:15 am. Good morning everyone. Hope you have a great day.
Can't wait to get free lunch at Madison Square Park tomorrow!
its only one thing i want back just one and i wouldn't ask for shit else
We need 20 more fans and we will start giving away FREE wristbands!
me and him are about to bone
Mark McGwire's sock were beige during his 47th home run
We have the most wonderful cheese cake pancakes!
Monday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (year 'round ET): Palm Beach 1pm, Daytona Beach 1pm, Wheeling 1pm & Mobile 2pm.
Pack traded up again :)
I love that George is with a tall woman. you go George!
What a Joy to wake up on a Beautiful Sunny Sunday Morning :)
Is waiting for dinner guests at LOU on Vine
I hate you. Rub it in why don't you
Saturday's Auditorium Speaker is -starts at 10am in the DCC Theater and Susan will be signing after
same here ha! This game too close lol
its fine
MIT's new self-cleaning glass resists fogging and glare. Could lead to smudge-free touch screens for smartphones and tablets.
If i told you have a model i would love for you to see, what would you say lol?
When my life is made into a movie, she will be the narrator.
A fair deal to the fans = cut in pay for both owners & players 1st month back and pass along to us fans struggling for $.
mufasa tried it once and it sucked! ;D
Oh how much i dislike my Spanish class :p
hello guys =)
congrats to -- tf2 and css in grand finals of S8 Playoff LAN!
Lack of research + political ethics disasters = trouble.
make you open with something from Bloody Fist to symbolize the other bond btw Newcastle & Rotterdam!
I did!
Watching Tarzan, I love that mamma ape! I wanna hug her
Sure you will. Have fun. cc:
I hope you visit!
Ever since they changed twitter mobile I barley go on cause its ugly
Okay--thanks a lot, Mark! And thanks to Jeremy as well!
WHY are there old men jogging and walking their dog at 3:30 am?
#MahoneOnB96 come on mahomies we can do this!
yeah ure gonna have to make a PSA lol
YES, SORRY!
transparency sucks.
Hungary but all am chewing on is gum
And with the first overall pick in the rapture draft.....God chooses......Randy "Macho Man" Savage! OOOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhhh Yeeeaaaaaaaaahhhh!
seriously girl I would. But my apt doesn't have that kind of access and I have no pool. I have to rely on friends.
Want to relax? Want to party? Want some food? We got it all so come on down!
new trend on twitter
"Sometimes, those who promised to stay here with us are the ones who actually find it easy to leave"
What's to figure out? you type things. they appear on the internet. people laugh at you.
Thank god its the last one of these
RT : Mayor Jim Brainard selected as Grand Marshall for CarmelFest 4th of July Parade.
love it!
YouTube sucks. Everything I want to watch is not available on mobile. LAMEsauce.
Number of "Wife's Lament" papers I planned to hear: 3 Number I actually heard: 0 --le sigh--
Brett Myers>Putting the ball in play, putting batters away. Good stuff so far.
Peoples' actions today really makes me disgusted with the world.
Twisting tonight at The Great Wall Restaurant Bedford, Ma. from 5:30-7:30 pm. (Making Turkey hats and more!)
i felt the same way !
grilled ham and cheese sandwiches what you know about that its the best of the best
Glad I put my kiddo in her winter coat this morning! RT : Snowing.
Niggas be acting brand new like they some new breed of male females. Sweet fuck boys out here man
#Phillies game tonight!!! 6 games out of 15 home games!!!!
ordered window decals for both locations for firm. kite flying tonight. nothing stuck in the trees tonight fortunately.
Precisely so! :-)
lmao, When did u trade in ur two cats for a pitbull, and your classy style for a name plate and oversized bamboo earrings.
I love and I'll always back her up, so
maybe it's because of the type of person he was. what he represented. not just for SanDiego but how he touched lives.
what was your favorite episode of fantasy factory?
By the time school ends, I think I'm gonna commit suicide.
Prank callin with the cousins.
Want a free download from ? Visit www.weareBLAC.com
RIP #MauriceSendak, thank you for your literary gifts to us all.
Oh come on. Van Gundy is not walking through that door.
Tech challenged staff member was relocated to within 10' of my desk. TGF headphones & to drown out tech support convo.
Happy Easter, beautiful lady... hope you're doing well. Always thinking of you, love you bunches... ☼.•**·.☮♡*☼*♡☮.·**•.☼
buy a sippy cup
Seeing standup comedy 2nite in Austin.
GOOD: The Replacements, Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure, TWEENER: Johnny Mnemonic
last minute panic attack. can this be over now?
yeah do u like RNG?
love it (;
Really enjoyed the speaker series!
Everyday diferent female
I'm the strongest man with the strongest smell- I'm rank and I'm gully.
Reading the Twitter page for makes it VERY #Clear that their service is GARBAGE ! ! ! Why aren't these people in prison? >
What the hell Aceves!!
Win A FREE Zooburn and FatFlush Bundle This Friday! Details Coming soon...
Mwuah!!! I want kisses back,thank you :)
Many veg options avl at Greenfields! Have you tried the options at Bamboo? Or the black bean burger at The Metro Diner?
The food network is like porn.
WAHHHHHH!!!!.....A GUY MIGHT LIKE ME IN REAL LIIIFEEEEEEE.....
yep I totally think you are right! Nice!
he still said google glace cherries, see how u make em. It said 'cherries, syrup, boil'
Fall '11 open enrollment starts Friday May 6th.
bad call? Looked bad in HD
True with relationships too. Women have known this about men for centuries.
Registration is going well. Sign up today or saturday. Classes are filling up fast
Can't believe I woke up this morning in LA. Now does anyone want to help me unpack?
You balln tonight?
It's a book series & a movie . Well, movies.
Playing wii with the fam. tomb raider. that stupid octopus wont die!
Stevie Wonder making calls.
Jot me a note (steve.murch dot com) about what you'd like to create... (I'm BigOven's founder/CEO.) Thanks
LOL Screw People
I'm reading "The Monk And The Riddle" by Randy Komisar
Mid-day chat w my eldest who just said (again) that he's so proud to be a Guidry.
You are very Welcome Rex ! Keep up all the Great work man
Am I out of step if the Obama Medvedev comments didn't rise to my radar screen yesterday and I had to search to find out what it was about?
Only because you have to actually read it. RT : the book is never better.
you're very welcome. **hugs**
I've immensely enjoyed my day of completely goofing off. I should do this more often.
r u coming this weekend (this is the computer with the broken question mark, so thats a question)
