IF I ORDER THE MEET AND GREET THINGY WITH THE SWEATSHIRT ONLINE IT WONT SHIP IN TIME FOR THE CONCERT :(
thanks! Wishing everyone a great day!
And just take a breather and realize its never that serious and when it is we will knoa
Help us out and "Like" Abused in #Chicago on Facebook - we need six for sure, more would be even better! www.abusedinchicago.com
My Coffee Bean coffee machine. Uses capsules like Keurig. Aunt Cheri got it for our shower gift.
Greenland, the biggest island in the world, is three times the size of Texas!
Just heard this song called "I want a smart girl w a dumb booty".... somehow I am not offended. I want an ignant booty too.lol
I always go with the hitter. I feel there is plenty of talent off the wire that can fill pitching needs, short and long.
Happy #LeapYear / Day! Why do we have leap year?
Great to hear from you! Contact for balconies and accommodations for #Pamplona #SanFermin #runwiththebulls 2012
This trick apparently dont know what she is doing..
Nothing like the smell of fresh C diff to wake you up on morning rounds.
#ASECS12 Can one describe an 18c poem as "going viral"? That is, going viral in the 18c. What would that entail?
fucking awesome lol. force us down peoples throats!
Congratulations of the Team USA selection! I know you're pumped!
Ima self made dude with a self made life ain't nothing ever free
-So tired, just want sleep.
I hate when that happens!!
Took a detour from the Mediterranean to China. Eurasia is the entire domain I am curious about. China to Rome in antiquity for instance.
ABOUT TO BE 18
Collaboration is finding experts in their fields to contribute to make a project the best that it can be
Ha! RT : sh*t entrepreneurs say "we're like facebook except we have a powerful social engine driving user acquisition" Really???
Hahaha I woke up early but im still going to b a lil late
This is going to be the saddest #DesperateHousewives ever :(
This is why I am a sport management major. I love sports
Tony Allen starts at the 2. He's not playing out of position, he just takes dumb shots and makes bad decisions.
ahh that's so great! Perfect for you :) and yes we do! I'll be more settled down in a few weeks.
It was a struggle, but Dewdrop was able to fight through the pain.
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing. ~Wernher Von Braun
You're 3 tweets from getting us to pick up and move to PR. It just sounds too good, and I do believe it IS that good.
is this peter or yanzee?
Did you know eye injuries are the leading cause of blindness in children? Did you know every 13 minutes, an ER in the United States...
Just Bought Me Some Of That Purple Stuff ;3
this too. RT : The #Coyotes radio guys truly are the Archers of
I'm obsessive when just one thought of you comes up .
I knew you were a #CHELSEA fan! #CFC #KTBFFH #SuperFrankieLampard!
Dragon Boats spotted in the harbor! An early sign of summer.
begging my mom to let me camp out to get a wristband.
Who's got two thumbs and is going to the #grizz game tonight? This gal.
No kidding? So you've been to San Diego then?
FollowKevinJonas now people! Go go go!!! xD
Just decided to take advantage of #casual #Friday tomorrow -- super excited!!
To all that thanked me for the #ff u r all welcome!
haha you should probably just play big tymers one more time and accept it
- people say you can't live without love, well i think OXYGEN is more important <3 ; *
Thanks for the RT! We're excited about our new neighbors!
Is it really that hard to be straight forward?
Thanks for faving me!
I just can't imagine leaving this fanbase. Even if Justin doesn't know about my existence, I will never, ever leave him
Um, puhlease, there's no such thing as a purple cow! Also, did you move to W'town after DC or Somerville. Case closed.
Jesus...those kids were so angry... That's so sad.
It's amazing how much can change in the smallest amount of time
Shooting a living poster today with for with a horse in it provided by
it's all about the bulls
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! This is gonna be your year #WEBELIEVE in you x wishing you would follow mee ♥♥♥ love u millions ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
too funny
Mr. Belding on Mad Men. The circle is complete.
we've decided that the appropriate hash tag is
You're welcome! And thank you for the shout-out! Have a great weekend.
The blog says "queer/pansexual" . Is queer a synonym for pansexual or can it be other things too?
Cookies being Baked Reminds me of Daycare from Childhood #onereasontoeat #ChocolateChipCookies So many Smells So many Memories
Getting the app was the best decision I've made all week
22 hours in Dallas
i love you <3
Isnt she Marge from the talented mr rippley and the adopted sister from the royal tennanbaums
#WhaleWars Wow, you always have me on pins & needles every week.
This week’s #PhillyHunt clue: Keep Wednesday, the 19th’s edition of The Philadelphia Inquirer close at hand... See you tomorrow @ 12:30
Man I'm Trynna hit Philly this weekend👌
Being ur self and not changing for someone like boyfriends that's wht make you beautiful! Got tht??
Because they're followers, not leaders.
Humanity should educate them self for freedom before is too late.
Thanks, Jason! Maybe even a flavor bomb diggity?
it takes effort to get a grade like that! Haha 😂
My first day off work and school in almost 2 months. Loving this day of absolutely nothing!!
I'd bang the fuck out of liam hemisworth anyday
happy birthday call me
Tomorrow come join us for lunch in our new South of Market hood: Spear and Mission from 11:30-2pm.
Kids say the most wonderful things!
Yes, Dracula is good!When Jonathon meets Dracula it gets creepy! It's interesting to see what fears D embodied for Victorians.
": "5 O'Clock in the Morning" Classic!" Yes it is :-)
Great hooks in films start with a surprise twist and lots of visual fireworks. You need to grab your viewer fast in first few minutes.
Would like to spend more time in NM. The light there is wonderful.
:: thx for stopping by today!! See you again soon :)
So glad 2hear u distribute near LA! My friend loves beer but is gluten-intolerant so can't wait to surprise her w/your brew!
we are having a car show may 22, 2010 at 1395 s sheridan blvd. lakewood co. 80232 call 303-999-0785 for more info all can enter
#timemanagement I listen to all my recordings on the way to work... YAY for technology and
I like that idea! I am a school librarian, always looking for ways to better prepare students for college
“Without me, Transylvania will be as exciting as Bucharest…on a Monday night.” Love at First Bite (1979)
Just under 2 hrs until the D1 side kicks off against Glendale. Will you be there???
right on and brung your friends, all of us poster artists are here for the public for FREE !
seriously, they SUCK! If I had any other choice, I would've switched.
Now of course, I've never had a husband, but I wouldn't like my boyfriend to use it either.
it's very un-nyc of you to complain about the noise via twitter. you should stick your head out the window and start yelling.
Thank you for the mention #FF Have a beautiful weekend!
Happy that Irish basketball women are back in the NCAA Championship game.
Wish I could be at your meet up! have fun!
I'll let turn down ads his audience "wouldn't be interested in" :) We haven't necessarily gotten there yet
They try to hide our suffering Controlling lies, the lies they sing It's right in front of me "looking away"
Have you checked out the new Sophia Loren and Ingrid Bergman in Sweden Boxes on the Edu site? Screen the whole set as a summer series?
Just don't come here looking for the j-school.
me too! You should text me...
Dear Internet Users, One day, you will all regret not reading me... Sincerely, Terms & Conditions.
At #Petworth neighborhood library with to discuss The Watsons Go to Birmingham -1963
thank you same :)
I already am, as the unofficial spokesman.
It's almost time for you to win the iPad from the #firefly contest!
Hope you are having fun!!
it was great I cooked! I stuffed a hell of a turkey hehe
that was just poop
Koreo Workz: Battle Tactix this saturday has been POSTPONED!!! Please spread the word.
you're my new favorite
Busy with Liz mixing and editing Sometimes Sweetness songs. Shannon busy doing some writing.
Morning Kimora!!! Hey lady you Rock!! Have a nice day!!
These god damn dick pics are turning everything upside down
This won't matter a year from now
Ready for Day 2 of Bayou Country Superfest
Had a fantastic day at Bryn Mawr College, meeting w pres, provost, other sr admin, + fab group of Eng/Lang profs. Lucky students.
Follow back ? :DD
Had to read buddy/buddy email from Sarah Palin.
Going to play video games tonighhhttt.
Debating on where to go tonight... Any ideas?
Remixing songs from yesterday. I shouldn't mix anything at 4 AM...
you going to jenny's today?
That nigga tennis coach": I just wanna kno who taught Dirk how to shoot..."
Brianna dance costume is super cute!!! Busy busy year.....
Rockphoria tonight #Strand Theatre #Shelbyville #Indiana 8 pm. Tickets $10! Don't miss it! #Fun!
Can we start calling #politicians campaigners? Seems more appropriate in our #modern world.
no, no you are not. don't do it!
I will pay money to see a dead guys hologram over alot of rappers today
there is an online game entitled "meaty boner" . . . that a kid is playing. all i saw was a scary skeleton and the name.
I wish falling in love had traffic lights, so that I would know if I should go, slow down, or just stop to avoid heart accidents.
I dug it up. :) you're good. Fault is ours. You should hear from soon!!
I'm on it now
sometimes there is a lag for it coming in. I will reply as soon as I get it.
30 mins wasted on the phone with 3 reps and still can't log in to the insurance company website. Too bad I can't take my business elsewhere
Anyone else struggling to connect to wifi
See, all the fuss is about Angie, Angie, Angie in CLT. I definitely could use more Jason, Jason, Jason ;)
to my Wall Street Newscast and visit www.stemcellregenmed.com ww.wallstreetnewscast.com/profile/stemcellgenenano.html
Wow. Talk about an ass kicking. Congrats to your Gorillas. Now, go win the whole damn thing.
It's not VOXO it's V.O.X.O "Vibe Out Til' You Pass Out", and it's not labeled as a drug term. Vibe out in the music til` you pass out.
Absolutely. Save until summer slam RT : Again, I think that this match is happening too soon.
I feel like I'm on everybody's map but nobody's radar.
Thesis countdown...exactly one month till the first draft is due! Eek!
well ur coming home then and the krew be hanging
I love you!! Can't wait to see you perform this week! Follow me?? :-)
Headed to the Miami Film Festival! And warm weather!
alcataz was a great show
Cranky librarian I met early on in all of my sessions. If he'd been friendlier we could have networked. Tsk tsk
#sla2011 Dysart---build the relationship before you need something by listening
Maybe you're just a librarian who's "future thinking" rather than stuck with the books...which isn't a bad thing!
I want a purple lightsaber and some kfc.
ZZ Top's new single actually sounds really good, of course they never disappoint!
Been feeling pretty miserable lately...don't know who I can talk to :(
A Nutty Bar sounds good right now.M!
that mean your coming to the derby party? It is your type of event dress-up wise...
The RAQC will be at Lakewood's Earth Day Expo tomorrow. Stop by and sign up for our Every Trip Counts Program and Clean Air Community!
Santorum, OUT. hope for a sane, decent nation, IN
Front row at concert. Life is awesome.
Haha Not so easy being Catholic now, is it?
"Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait but it's more difficult to regret." <3
One week seriously cannot come fast enough
ready for #GameofThrones 👍😃👑🐴
damn. At least I can watch my "special" movies! 😏😜
#ThatAwkwardMoment when urbon ur phone and it hits u on the face
She just wanted to worship at your feet like the rest of your multitudes Lea Solonga just walked over and introduced herself.
just bought the most lovely necklace from to show my WI pride & love of independent artists!
started a twitter, brudda. Follow your instinct, follow Medrano...
Seeing in LA would make a bomb-ass ending to my spring break before I go back to freezing cold Boston.
#2D This mustache roto can be used for your next 2d production featuring an accidental face chevron. this.isnt.really.alink.
I love Smash!
You need me. You miss it.
World's smallest man tours Australia on only second trip away from home: Chandra Bahadur Dangi, the world's smallest man, is currentl...
Your parents have Facebook. They don't have twitter.
smart ppl think alike. others cant think for them selves.
what's the name of the WP plugin you mentioned on to manage cookies
thank you. Really looking forward to working with everyone.
yes, let's cut more taxes for the rich & BIG "small" biz b/ca they have been creating so many jobs for the past 10 yrs.
I'm so bored!!! What to do with no dance for two days!?!?!
Thank you kindly! RT :
Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today. ~ Herman Woulk
Never let your past dictate who you are, but let it be a part of who you will become.
With Dolphins taking Tannehill, they automatically pay him more than they offered Matt Flynn.
If you haven't seen machine gun preacher...Do that!! You need it in your life
Chat w/library guard went down a Harper's rabbit hole where I read that Aretha Franklin was equally influenced by Judy Garland & Clara Ward.
This afternoon, I'll get to join #FutrChat for a second time. Super excited--considering it's about museums!
hope to see you at Wine Riot NYC... Gotta rep the UES in BK!
Austin stop.
ok:) wanna direct msges
Was he the little boy in Angels in the Outfield?
I feel you. Takin care of 3 drunkies tonight. Lol still happening!!!
Hello followers. We are releasing a new optim.al release this afternoon, details to follow.
Good morning. We won't be able to make it :( But kiss this kids for me!!!! I'll call u in a few
I forgive you :)
": Bets on Olbermann working at MMfA, make em now!"/// not many ntwks left 4 him 2 work, is there?
Soo, LSU or #Bama ? What do y'all think? I think roll tide al the way!
Left is Right | In Germany, Divide on Left Is Transparent - Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
I couldn't help but smile in agreement. Mr. Lincoln cut to the quick, as he often did. Mayhap I had been too conspicuous.
I love you and the fact that you care about do many things and people <3
Oh nice - not holding back on obama's previous "evolving" stance on gay marriage, LOL
Same stuff haha,What kind of music do you listen to?
Thank God the C's didn't do something stupid like trade Rondo for Smith and Teague
Such an amazing show. Can't wait until October!
I'm looking for how we build a portfolio on our LinkedIn profiles for video and audio links. Does anyone know how, please?
This mortal form has grown weak.....I need sustenance.....quick 2 the house of waffles.......lmao
When's the Seventh Inning Stretch? RT : #re12 Panelists: if #distressed #CRE is a baseball game, now in inning 3 or 4...
Both teams have 6 turnovers so far
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER❤ HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME!<3 I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!
#ItsSadThat #ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs can trend and we still can't experience love after "knowing" all of the problems
Took my first dance class at tonight!
Could it be? RT : RT : Tease from Dakich about a special person at the IU-MSU game should get people talking.
Thanks Helder! When do we see the first episode? (Need more music? Check out )
will definitely take a listen when I'm by a computer. Thank you for the shoutout. Diggin the black sheep.
woot! Go Canada!! my parents are canadian so I was super happy too :D
Duke is going to lose this one
Wow. Love when Derrick sees Karen as Marilyn
Mindless Behavior Celebrates #1 Girl Album Release With An In-Store Signing E...
Trying to muster enough energy to do something other than nap.
I think that's a very realistic possibility.
I'm hearing something but I don't see anything
Michael Roth on learning from #abelove: "fierce clarity is an extraordinary gift."
incredible! I have goosebumps!
I'm trying to write a joke where the punchline would be this remix of your Twitter bio: "They say I'm polar icing."
www.justin.tv/streetgroovemagazine LIVE 12.22.2010 YMCMB ARTST BRISCO LIVE ON THE SHOW COME CHAT WITH US ASK QUESTIONS www.smilezdagr8.com
Out Philly w/ 2 female pro hip hop dancers..so I am spending tonight watchin from the sidelines..not that I dont like makin a fool of myself
Love hearing that Kaufman, Milloy and more are at the Spring Game. Can't hurt with all the recruits there.
#Shenyun will come back to Washington DC in March, 2012, the most beautiful season in DC with cherry blossom around you.
Edited 10:10 lecture audio down to 7:37. That's almost three full minutes of stumbling over my words.
If you want to that's fine! But there's not much of a reason for me to wear long sleeves here, haha
Applauding brave folks who share stories in #CDCTips- proud to work w/ to bring u
I'd love to see the numbers of iPad/iPhone device sales revenue vs iPad/iPhone accessory sales revenue.
wait are you saying you 12 ..? right?
Absolutely altho time management is always a challenge. What do you think?
I like the classiness so far. Miami based?
Thank you, Craig! Please let me know your thoughts when you finish reading!
Happy Mother's Day!
Huh... Well its none of my business.
International Strategy is to routinely have games played in China to build PAC-12 Int'l brand
Yay! Welcome Blue Moon Lighting to Twitter! - I expect some great behind the scene shots soon! :)
your passions burn? "The Path that leadeth on is lighted by one fire - the light of daring burning in the heart." Helena Blavatsky
Force Quit of Eclipse after a spaze hit of the print toolbar button. WTF, who prints code anymore? The print option should be buried.
you spelt my name wrong.. :)
We have a bat problem in 1442. They are in the rooms.
My first time at #SBSW, and it's a freakin' deluge.
i wish girls could just look in the mirror and say, "i'm fine the way i am"
I'm about to make a bomb teriyaki chicken samich. Oh man. Yummii
Cleanin up this place before the time comes for me to leave!
RT : Romney: "I don't have a problem with gay people. Unless they're poor, of course."
tryna get ya followers up?
Why thank you :)
and what are the Golden Tickets for?
Women: you have the God-given capacity to take in, hold, house nourish and reproduce.
Did you change your Twitter handle?? PS I MISS YOU!
Great social media event! Good to see
I can't wait for my Obama supplies to come in.
I think it's next week. idk it's a video or a cheer leader basically kicking another one in the head while she was bent over
Mikes Invitational tonight! $5 cover free top shelf drinks. 8-10 pm. Say Jon-Austin at the door and you will get free drinks from 8-10!!!!!
be careful listening to drake...he known to soften everything around him. Good for laundry though!
Pretty! Have a great day!
Every time a new "issue" pops up in our American political theatre I think just that thought. "Again?!"
Later tonight at the party
The nasty nati
Food Trucks and their customers luv the Shady Tavern Ice House
. nice! trying to orient myself with mental image of the old palm ballroom, but i can't. is that in the main room?
leave me alone.
Um... Ann Arbor doesn't have Mexican food so you must mean "Mexican" food. Quotes appropriate!
Have the released a "Gift Night" schedule? I'm trying to decide if I want to go to any games this year..
Jillian your head is covering poor Steve lol I luv u guys n I luuuuv u Lisa
RT : 19 days until #Cubs Opening Day!
You need to have a talk with your boss. Kinda surprised by the level of misinformation in your shop.
HELL YEAH!
Me too charley
Really need to quit hurting myself. I'm such a bad influence!
Just hit 19 hundred followers!! thanks, guys :) much love to you all!!!
How great is watching Radiohead streaming live from Coachella? <3
My idols from the department are at the wedding I'm working at!
Sleep anxiety. 😒😔😣😲 god, grant me the FREAKIN serenity already?! 😱
Well another work day lets see how much pain I can withstand still feeling crappy from car accident last week..
Good morning! So it's best to finish one before starting the other huh? LOL
I did, your last message didn't make sense u said... I was gon add comb.ya hair
maybe if I didn't feel so much like crap! Stupid stomach has a mind of her own. Anyway.. Good morning to you!
Ur a dream. Because u felt guilty right??? RT : don't make fun of I already got him a replacement :-)
It depends on how you calculate the dumbness of an aggregate #math'd
If u want book sample, our podcast sent 2u as MP3 file, or 2 submit hand o day or question o the day, send a note to
yo I just now caught this nigga going to work 9am to 3
2012 has a lot in stored for us. Stay tuned and thank you for your continued support & business.
is the father of my baby (:
I already text high fived someone and I didn't even know it was a special day!
I just wanna be perfect
Hey i would be awesome if u sent a bday wish to ur cutest fan > its her birthday! Plz plz plz!!
what's your secret to shaking the creepy scotch-drinking dude? he and his pals, the make $ while you sleep dorks, still bug me.
Ladies- any recommendations for a good hairstylist (average priced) in the Milwaukee area? Lost after both & left me.
Just gave away my last book for World Book Night in front of shops by train station. #wbn Had a fun time chatting with folks about reading.
Roll Tide.
O.o that sounds delicious!! I had a ruby tuesdays burger for dinnah!
Follow our guitarist ;)
when was the first one you went to?
Text me if u wanna cuddle..
Yikes, its my second to last day on the project! How should I end the tweets? Hmm...the blog is wrapped up though ...
Online advertising. Listening to StumbleUpon now.
Why are midgets Built so damn strong!
haha looks like a successful weekend!
They should have gotten a bunch of cats in heat to do the anthem. They couldn't do any worse.
The drive home from grand rapids to Detroit is a rough one after a night of going out.
how can I find the MSA for the Chicago Area, as well as sort Chicago from the burbs?
Did anyone miss me???
Great applications for #THATcamp Columbus keep rolling in! Expect the first acceptance announcements in the next few weeks.
First of all let me say that I am flattered that you would ask. Brief Summation: Love, family, togetherness, real world heros
Last nights show was CRAZY! We gave away an ipad 2 and $100, lots of #fun, in #denver, great #deals! Check us out!
I'm watching the movie ORPHAN
Hello! Yes, I'll be heading down to the Bayou for #ala11 Will I see you there?
slimgoodie!from the underground to the street!
shoot! we are going in march and may! SO bummed. i am dying to hang out with you,chicka!!
Doctors office in ft lauderdale
Rapid City! RT : cool =) can't wait!! where is AIHEC this yr?
Man, the weather could not get much better than this.
YEAH bubble wrap now comes in an Earth friendly "green" form. Pink too!!!
Every time you look at me, I look away. Every time you look away, I look at you. ~typical music class~*♡
I fucking love that song! by jay and kanye? “: #nowplaying the joy”
We have chosen our winners for the show tomorrow night! Congrats to all who have participated! We will have more giveaways soon
I seriously hate what my thighs look like now.lol
Or come to Mountain View Library for a forum on immigration. Lots of choices at your Anchorage Libraries today.
Peter -- Let me ask about that. Will get back to you.
Tell me about it, they are starting to become very irritating.
is running with QuickBooks 2010 Premier : Contractor Edition
Ugh: wintry mix in Spring. Springry mix.
Anything is possible with God by your side. Remember that.
USDA print shoot Need of an Asian boy 5-7 yrs old SHOOTS: April 22 in MD area RATE: $300. Submit pictures:
Follow me. That's all I want. ……#You'rePrettyCute:)
New respect for tightrope
happy mothers day wishing you many more great blessings to come all the success to you and all of your loved ones
thanks love! The official ceremony is this saturday but its so surreal!
Don't let me get in my zone Alright bitch u said 30x. We kno not to let u in ur zone
you should start drinking Hen @ halftime again...we need Ron Artest back
I freaking love bubble tea. I always get extra boba... Tapioca is my friend :D I hope NYC is going great!
“During a test, people look up for inspiration, down in desperation, and left and right for information.”
The Republican presidential candidates held a debate on Twitter. It combined the excitement of C-SPAN with the suspense of typing..
What does everyone think of the Mass Effect 3 Demo so far? Have you tried the new Co-Op Multiplayer with your friends yet?
Having a date with
People need to chill the fuck out w/ Terry Francona. Do u not recall how he won two World Series after 86 fackin yeeeahs kid?!
Museum fans and visitor! What do you wish museums were doing more of with social media?
So I hear 's album leaked..that's a bummer hahaha!
nothing much same old, same old!! How bout you?!?
herself, confident and just an all around nice and smart person.
FREE Cooking Demo on Wednesday at The Clifton Inn - VA. Wines paired with VA Foods. Call 434 971 1800 for info & reservations
Inspiring words from Debra @ DC's Flow Yoga today: "Our practice is simply to pause and listen, and to meet ourselves wherever we are."
Watching Osmosis Jones
Looks that way. Wanted: MLB Arbitrator. Must find for us at least 100% of the time.
Uh, you're forgetting David Lee Roth.
watchin Major Payne
Brio's Tuscan Grill at Stony Point rocks, especially for people with food allergies!
I guess im going to need a list of everything you've read lol
Im Starving..!
have i mentioned how excited I am about #Bonnaroo? its a much needed trip!
Yeah it's really close. SF's D is dominating.
hm got me thinking now!
Preying. The word is preying, snookums.
im seriously sick every other week
Thanks! Why do you think they failed? What can we learn from them?
Better get started or I'll be stuck on this game all day.
i like my beat fast, & my base down low. (;
follow me if you have #SWAG (:
Omg. Don't favorite my geekiness. It wasn't even e-indexing: I was really adamant about being a back-of-the-book indexer.
cookie n creams icecreammm!!! yummy :p
Is the JPost site going to be cleaned for Pesach?
#myidol - DeAndre once again had way too much falseto and was all over the place - worst so far.
Ten o'clock meeting on Thursday is my Kryptonite.
RT : Prayers needed. Our friend Chris' PC is growin, causing internal problems, he needs strength and peace.
I use to go to my bestfriends house nd fall asleep :p (Memories)
lol geek how old r u how about u guys are missble
Might depends on, ah, weather or not we open the window.
When's your next stand up special?
Sometimes you have to clean up so you can see clearly!!!!
Great job guys! We'll get the W tonight.
buckets of tears </3
something's about to happen.. idk what it is yet.. hm..
I need a blank canvas and some spray paint. Preferably ironlak.
:P that must get annoying
Theraflu hot liquids, two vitamin C tablets, 9 hrs of sleep, good to go.
I'm always late to work but I live 5 mins away smh
thanks for the follow back cutie;) awesome of u?!
Thanks for keeping us on track and getting us together!
Beginning new book "American Nightmare," loosely based on The Black Dahlia murder. This could get messy!
what's in columbus
Is it time for wine yet? Cause I may be opening a bottle now...
bruh thats wat im sayin it was one of them texts sayin send this to 10 ppl if u believe in good or wat not lol
He is able who thinks he is able. Buddha
The "hype" about St. Bart's is not Hype at all
our most devoted RT'er -- thanks!
lmao what's good
oh yes, meth. the other sonoma export. but is it organic?
I may have to dust off my Obi Wan Kenobi outfit.
Good morning how is everyone today
Citrix can suck a fat one. Glad someone else thinks it sucks.
hahahhahahah where did you find this
First it was fire trucks... then police cars, maybe an escort... now BIG helicopters around Logan/U Street.
Having the best/weirdest night with my best friend , Shes the best thing that's ever happened to me
I hate Private Twitter accounts and i'm blogging about it. Will be out tomorrow
Sometimes you wish you could just fast forward time just to see if in the end it's all worth it.
Don't let people talk you out of something they believe you can't do. Do it because you believe you can.
just watching sherk!!!
When your mom tells u to grow up<<<
lmao RT!!! “: Hey dont put your anger on soccer because the lakers lost....again(;”
setting three alarms did, in fact, wake me up this morning. :)
Hello beauty. Missing it. See you Tues.
#bevisandbutthead are coming back?!!! Yes!! Lmao
Happy Administrative Professionals Day. how many of you are lucky enough to have boss who remember?
- Hey Buffalo Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar! Nice work Buckley!!
Nascar in Vegas ... Sprint's 3g service at Venetian on the strip has stunk for the last 6 months .. 4g is non existent on strip
In so much pain. Something is very wrong again..
- at least I hope it does a better job of framing the idea of the digital edition!
Is there a woman out there who isn't secretly in love with Anderson Cooper?
Good morning!!
I hope someone's had a good today.
excited for MIA trip...it seems as though everyone in MIA thinks I a crazy for ordering wine when I could be enjoying an authentic mojito!
GUYS I ATE LIKE COMPLETE SHIT AL LAST WEEK AND THE WEEKEND BUT I DIDN'T GAIN WEIGHT. HOLY SHIT THANK GOD🙏
Today: presents Global Advocacy and Academia: The Ethical Imperative of Fighting Hunger. 12-1pm 206 Ingraham. A great event
wow, cold-blooded, Comcast showed a replay of all Conrad's errors in the 2010 NLDS...and I thoroughly enjoyed each one
It's official: going to see The Clean play in LA. So excited.
What is your favorite Beastie Boys album?
- MARK! I also appreciate the support. Thank you Sir.
Please Don't Attach Yourself To The Ppl Thats About To Get Cut The Fuck Off.
why don't you figure it out!! Haha
u welcome !
Great pick6 today! much luv from GB yet. Beauty of a leap too. lol
: mine, too. I buy books faster than I can read them.
Libra~ What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?~ 11:11 :)
SUN @ THE SMILING MOOSE = Jeremiah Weed PROMO! 4pm Start! TONS OF GIVE AWAYS! $5 YUENGLING PITCHERS During The BUCCOS Game! KITCHEN OPEN!
Hanging out with the McGregors while they record their new album at Radiant Studios. www.radiantrecords.com/radiantstudios
"Where are we going?” "I don’t know, I was following you...” This is usually how me and work :p lol
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the lost world of titties
oh I thought u meant a record group Lol. Was sayin how it's a bitch Kim Became so famous & he didn't. He desrves it 2!
Happy Memorial Day weekend! Hope everyone can get out and enjoy it!
fans can follow Erich Bacher on my own personal Twitter Goal is to have more followers than
I love ed sheeran so much! , , he's amazayn is he not? :D x
LoooL.. What A nice girl U R
OH in apartment #2114: "Man, we have a lot of chicken wings." -
you smell that....hollywood success let's eat my ninja
When I have to study for tests I always waste as much time as possible before I actually study for it.
Trying to pay my parking citation online. Can't find my plate number, or the citation number.... Maybe someone paid it for me :) ha!
Watching Mad Men while S makes me dinner :-)
<---- called me boring! haha, just kidding! (: it's a pretty slow day.
What was the last thing that moved you to tears?
Turn the dial on your washing machine to cold. Most loads don't need hot water, and 90% of the energy used goes into heating.
so I'm probably gonna go to bed..or else I won't wake up tomorrow.... :D lol I wish you luck on what's been going on. :)
lmao yeah right
Whole Wheat Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe These aren't your average chocolate chip cookies. Rich with flavor and texture, these whole whe
bff imy...are you at vu?
Having a stay at beth israel emergency ..sure I be fine. More importantly zero George Clooney lookalikes!
We have 220 holds on 600 copies of Hunger Games at Baltimore County PL. 18 branches.
lol who's that guy lmao
Murphy's Law in full effect tonight!
Burned tf out of my finger -_-
my last tweet was via the RSS feed for which is rapidly moving up my list of favorite morning reads.
following back! Yes!
Thanks, whole series looks good! RT not sure, but interviewed him for recently: bit.ly/kB3Gab
S. Korea Retailers Halt US Beef Sales Over Mad Cow‎
social media. I only thought of you because of it seems that you're always sharing posts/ideas focused on positive attitude.
SURE DID! RT : That boy DD got my vote hope he got yours also ....
Only 44% of U.S. adults have a #will. -DailyFinance.com
RT Thank you for the follow! And remember to "Tweet it forward"
2011 is right around the corner -now is the time to review your #cash management program. Is your store using a #safe to store your funds?…
Hot today, rain with cold front tomorrow. Change of seasons wardrobe. Meanwhile editing goes on.
Guys who have females chase them get no time frm me bc im not one of ur groupies so im nawt guin keep thys chase game up
RT : 's forensic recovery of RENT material on floppy disk would make proud
PalmBchPowerPartners breakfast starts Mutli-Cultural Marketing w/National Weekly Newspaper. 4047OkeeBlvdSuite128. Come.Get.Grow.Go
Tomorrow's the big day. We're doing a crazy giveaway with for The Social Customer - the top-selling #SocialCRM book of 2011
Pennsylvania has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
I'll look for a PDF & get back to you!
Cpl hands later, I raise A9o in mp, BB flats, flop J32r, we both check, turn 6, he leads out, I call, river 6, he bets half pot, I raise...
Thats my favorite part of the response: "We expect shallow racist crap from personal blogs but come on The Chronicle"
Who's excited about Beer Week?! We assume it's named "Beer Week" because "Holy Week" was already taken.
Well 2012, I'm waiting for you to show me how great you are going to be. Or is everyone on Twitter lying?
Update: This week so far ive auditioned for 2 films, a game show, and a guest starring role on CSI Miami! :) keep your fingers crossed!!
What was your chem? If you wish to say hahaha
I wanna come next thurs too. Let's get a school bus for old times lol
Heaven help me I just agreed to do debate next year.
Omg Vinnys leaving. I hope he comes back. It's not the shore house without and is being such an AMAZING friend:(
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent. - Samuel Lover
if she replies often enough that you notice when she's ignoring you, you must be lucky :)
Its too hot. I need to find a pool
Why do I miss you so much.
You must not be watching da game Lmao RT : Hear my Celtics are handling business like they are supposed to.
no need to fret! I will be happy just knowing ur near!
having christmas eve wit my #BFF #ALAN going to a #party i hope it cracks but fuck it i got my #bottoles ready
I need some vitamins im so tired ugh
RT Baylor Vs Uk tomorrow should break the record for average salary per player in the history of the NCAA
squirrels use to chew my grandfathers wires and screw up his truck all the time. squirrels are sneaky fuckers
no no no. Larry f***ing in the ass, yeah in the ass. Lol jkjk.
1855www4USA is a toll-free number for updates on Wounded Warrior Week (www) - 4 US service members, wounded warriors, families, & caregivers
So I started reading this book called the Hunger Games... idk if anyone's heard of it but I'd recommend it
Just remember this. When you have people envy you remember that envy aims very high.
Hi. Thank you. We need to interface. That is all.
I sent my mom a Tupac avatar to sing that song to her. She is so confused right now.
It's rainy, let's get back in bed! Oh, you guys are adults and don't want to go back to bed? OK, I am lying in bed still wearing my raincoat
My artwork for "Endangered Species" is going to be fresh - why? B/C God cares about the details of your work.
Thanks! Will be in your town Memorial Day weekend.
its all love sweetheart, you already know im not like that
If someone isn't providing u with opportunities, cre8 your own or move on. Your time is valuable!
TRYING FINISH UP A VERSE TO NEW SONG.....
While the sales team at BR appreciates my spring style, unless my 'first day gift' is an odd tradition, socks at the office must be pref ...
Afro samurai is awesome I want it
I still expect announcement about Pokerstars buying FTP and DOJ deal.
I'd love to start taking on #FreelanceCopywriting jobs -- any advice, suggestions, warnings, etc?
Today is a Dave Baez TV Marathon. Watch him on"LAS VEGAS"on TNT @ 12pm & 1pm and then @ 9pm it's the "The Secret Circle" on the CW.
The Deranged Book Lovers site is quite awesome.
i'm so upset at how you seem to being downplayed with losses and srewjobs on u are the reason i watch
Party on Wayne.
Sir Nick Faldo says that Tiger has 'lost his game.' Ouch.
When i noticed you have MY* guiitar pic that threw at playlist live <33 hope you loved florida <33
Excited to hear that received an grant to digitize materials about the Miller House and Garden! Congrats!!
this weekend ill be on more cuz im off
i think im getting moving on
Super cute!
lmao i didnt read it before i tweeted u so... LMAO
I'm in Mich walking too close to people and brushing past people accidentally. NY has rubbed off on me. Ew.
she's so chunckyyyy <3“: she's my new fave family member 😘”
Morning went great...now on to baby sitting
Amen! “: PLEASE PRAY - I'm speaking in 10 minutes. Your prayer makes the difference. When we pray, God moves!”
Why you gotta put me on blast via twitter like that Kacy!? Sheesh.
Joanna: did you know the sun is a star? Ellayna: yes, sis. Joanna: I'm a bird.
Mama always saves my life! even tho we're far away now, she always does!
Wing nights with good ppl and good drinks are always classic events
who texted you?
- I always thought you were smart - now I know for sure. Hope all is well.
Where in the world is ...
damn bitch I hope you get fired.
You can love someone with all your heart and it will never be enough.
Minimally Invasive Spine Institute is opening the new state of the art center in Dallas on March 21st!!!
I have vendor booth envy...where is my 27in iMac?
can I get a follow back bro?
One day at a time, Sarah. Simple.
I'm sorryy!!!
Another awesome service at the Ark Church!
yes, had to change around the sch because cross sch changed... Hope it works for you!
2nites my night Brother! Warden Swickle debuts on BOK. In NOLA 4 Treme Benefit, saw David, Wendell & Clark & said Hi from u.
you and Adolphin would make a cute couple. You know, "CA-CHING" ;) 👨
Mistakes happen …Take notes and learn from them – InSpotter app
I was actually supposed to give u a CD that night, but my boy had my bag of albums and I had to go look for him. 1Luv though man!
super fresh! Corny classic! Love some old kid n play
Agreed. “: go to Kiehl's and shop for for Valentine's Day.”
Tsunami hits Hawaii
Dont want to be like this
Last assignment of the semester submitted. LIS semester 3 compelte.
My boy got bars dnt sleep we in zombie mode
This Whitney Houston funeral is depressing...
Watching David Fells represent #drupal at AIGA CMS panel. "Not a CMS - it's a platform."
we are shooting for February
Good lookin' out on the Opus X. Thanks!
Hmm. I voted in-person absentee and that's how my ballot was. Both gov and lt. gov.
Some woman don't get that
Ah, black pudding on the buffet reminds me why I'm in England--for the magic....
REMEMBER RSVP and get your design done now to have it featured on the opening page of Dream World Effects Web Site!!!
More running buddies, FTW! We!
3-time Academy Award winning actress Ingrid Bergman born today, 1915; also dies today, 1982. Best known for "Casablanca."
oh no problem! (: lol
CLIFF JENSEN IS THE SEXIEST MAN ALIVE FOLLOW HIM
At doc with kimmy.
Work with Purpose: Write down and post your personal and business goals.
who's ever's comes first
If a red bull gives you wings, does a blue one give you balls?
Dear, I don't look up to many people but I look up to you. Your a beautiful strong woman and I admire your courage. xoxo
7 game suspension for Metta World Peace for elbowing James Harden. Too harsh or not stiff enough? Thoughts?
... baby needs to eat, so alas, Zaina go on without me ... enjoy
I promise my car got new scratches on it everyday
The interns ( and ) are having some fun at my expense today. Good times
Welcome to the Chiefs family!
just got back from Delirium Cafe in Brussels..2,004 beers! and they're all so delicious
awesome now stop Spamming me.
Well played. I followed you for this.
O.m.g. I didnt know people were reckless like that on here....lol...
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOMS,ENJOY YOUR WEEKEND
Enjoy your time in #Tampa! :) We love it here!
I don't know... not even sure if they are doing a Meet & Greet. But we can check.
Ok ok good
Thankful to the universe for this opportunity to grow and glow.
Glad y'all r there safely. Been praying 4 safety in flight all day and 4 the beautiful women attending Colour!
It's been a great morning so far! Now just beat at some FIFA and my day is set!
guy in the school restroom today; stared at me the whole time i was washing my hands. he was cute, so i pretended to be extra dirty.
Damn that could have been so weird
thinks we are incredible..:) Awwwhs:D
Be a lamp unto your self. Be your own confidence. Hold to the truth within yourself as to the only truth.
HEY! you on! :D
Mint chocolate is almost gone! Plenty of lemon and pbj left!
I hear you. I'm already here on the train heading downtown. See you all later!
Today isn't a good day to have a fear of driving with a coat on
Waiting on rain to go away to finish the very last scenes for shoot
had a meeting for a group project... one kid didn't do his part and the other person just didn't show up or answer our calls. great
that would be a good idea. Where u going?
Bet his teammates got sick too “: TNT says Kobe threw up on bus to arena....”
Why is #bulge trending? xD
Confession #7: I hate being skinny. I want to be fat.
Fifty Shades of Not Gray - Wall Street Journal
Looking for partners for social media marketing for restaurants
Follow For updates on "Paranormal" Events, Reality, Celebs, Radio shows and more! 1300+ already there! Stay up-to-date & RT!
Hi Cynthia! We would love to have you at our free MORE Life training Nov. 4-2. Does that fit your schedule? Let's chat!
lol you said it froze but it was working fine! get bak on!
Red is the worse!!
I love the way she [insert]...but I don't love her.
The only bad thing about the warm weather is that the ______ come out.
yes, w/out ? > “: Should Rondo be suspended ?”
What would Valentine's Day be without sex?
my motha needs to hurry up get paid nd buy me a new fone >.//
WYEP is planting WPC flowers w. Pgh Firemen today at the Birmingham Bridge!
Alan Woods~ Blame someone else and get on with your life.
they wanted $40 to get in the nappy roots show, it was cheaper to come to Btown.
hope you were watching HBO and Bill. :-)
I have a strong desire to skull fuck Adam Levine with that new haircut of his.
Why pretend that you are something when you or not!
yup #emkt is much more efficient, althought there is a "r" left out of that so its not very natural, enjoy
What I learned from #ChristopherHitchens? Don't smoke and drink heavily. What I didn't learn: anything concerning religion
Worship felt great. God is even greater. I am a bit sweaty.
where is that at?
Lady Antebellum >>>
no but I know first hand there are actual RR biker crews that are very active at this day and age
Record labels, GET ON IT! Love this band :D // RT Who wants to put out our split 7"?!?!?
#AtNumber1GirlTour moms gone bring dey 5 yr old kids -_- LADY LEAVE YO DAMN KIDS AT HOME! Tryna act like u dere 4 dem *cough* cougar *cough*
Breakeven is gory b one of my favorite songs of all times the script totally killed it with that one
Reading A #Microsoft Life by
"Space (SPAISS)- Absolutely nothing; what exists wherever matter happens not to be" I feel like I need to pluck a rock from my master's palm
unbelievable! can't understand the thinking of the jury.
As former player & coach I understand being pumped on opener, but habits you form early carry through season.
Gtta Pay My Fone Bill Afta I Drop My Mama Off At 4
Yes! RT : "I wish we could bottle up the Texas zen sauce that is Jon (Evans)." Debbie Kempe
The To Do list is never ending…but I love it still!
Tough choice tomorrow as the #Blazers play their last home game and face #Kamloops in game 7 at The Coliseum! Which one?
We're singing goodnight to the moon <3
I have 9 done
Thanks right back at you.
The future wife not being born yet...
1869, the Cincinnati Red Stockings was the nation's first pro baseball team. Hit a humanities home run at the Reds Hall of Fame & Museum!
A single smile could give a thousand more to others
Wish I could watch it mate. Thanks Comcast ;-) Still going for the 4-0 IKTS and Everton deserve to finish above Liverpool
Video shoot start nxt weekend..
I'm thinking Smitty will not care :-)
I'll pop back out later.
"Joe, snarling with rage, springs from behind the lunch counter w/ bread knife in his hands."- ICEMAN COMETH
Sounds Heavenly!
Respect the hat swag
Not yet havent really been on twitter send it to me
aww she is too adorable!
RT : It's National Arts Advocacy Day. Help make #Arts a trending topic and RT this message
it's your b-day? Happy birthday, !
like ur saying if u go temp tech, corrutors are useless, same as phoenixes versus ground or broodlords versus air
Loll oh yeah that was a fun lil trip we gotta go again!
With <3333 love her so mucH :*
just rode one of the sickest rides of my life.
getting ready 4 my tummy tuck today
Thanks for following back! Our publications, blog, & tweets are about #ed #youth #transition #employment &
Attempting any sort of a Ny/Jersey accent by watching mob wives.
when was I mean?!
I'ts not what happens to you that determines how far you will go in life ;it is how you handle what happens to you. - Zig Ziglar
I had to explain what Pi day was to my crew.
The commentators need to shh
Now I don't get it either lol so nvm.
wish i could retweet this hahaha same dilemma
May will be the month to catch up before I get busy in June. So let's see what happens.
Alex Castellanos on CNN talk about "It's all about jobs!" Yeah, right, you wing-nut bastard. Your side hasn't created jobs except on K St.
good bloody mary goodness w/ at
here fishy fishy fishy
The teams are quickly approaching #Miami this afternoon - You may be able to see them from the Cape Florida lighthouse
great! Very easy but detailing read. One of the best apps rite now 4real
it will be interesting to see what company pops on the radar doing just this - do you have an alpha product yet?
My film urFRENZ is screening at the Chesapeake Film Festival next weekend! Near St. Michaels or Cambridge? www.chesapeakefilmfestival.com
Bonfire with tommy in an hour! <3
i wish i could quit #parkingwars -- damn you for being on ! aaagh
Starting our day trip to see some redwoods, then visit Santa Cruz!
Ahh loving the sun shine
exactly. Some stupid crap there.
Who and Hooo!
And nothing having to do w FL but pretty sure tears for fears is my fav band ever
same, can i text you?
#techart cycling team, assemble!
Very surprised at these results, esp. since Canada will foot the bill. Delays at the Ambassador cost MI businesses time and $.
Decay is an unstoppable process.
Rainy mondays make getting out of bed so much harder!
First God created man, then he had a better idea!
and Room 101 have surprises in store for tonight's grand opening!!
Figuring out your done before you actually do. Weird 😳
Could it possibly happen that we could have a rematch of Superbowl 40?
Sigh. and I have a long history together; it really isn't a secret. In fact I saw him on Sunday.
that was a great class..
Learn to make old-fashioned hard candy in our farmouse kitchen - Sat and Sun 12:30 - 3:30.
yes, and it's what is used for streaming audio reserves, aka music of China, Japan, Okinawa, and South Korea that I have to study.
It's hard to workout with someone who's not even half-way motivated
Congratulations! on completing all #ARE4!
She saw me at my 1st big sho at pier 6 ......3 yrs ago she was one of the promoters
If you're in NOLA tomorrow nite, go to Tip's to hear Righteous Buddha. Great band!! (shameless promotion of husband). Funky.
have you guys ever checked out the #soup movement in #Detroit ?
In-laws.
My boyfriend told me I had to choose between him and volleyball. I’m really going to miss him . . .
Alot of grown fast ass lil hoes over here
One more giant fbomb just cause I can
Happy 2012! Excited to get back in the swing of things. Gearing up for a really exciting term Lots of good things happening
Me Against The Universe...
He's hitting the cover off the ball lately...he's probably gonna get called up tomorrow
Anyone want to buy my poster of The Scream? Only asking $100,000. Total steal.
Well, kinda. I wasn't sure if 2.1 was too young to start working on that? That's why I asked about artic screens for the lil ones
I think it would be an amazing job. I live and breathe music. Kind of obsessively, LOL.
Google, you are so cute.
But I love trolling on those BVB "army" pussies.
I refused to go to sleep until my room was clean..& now that it is, I shall be at peace with my dreams. Goodnight.
like Animal House on skates
only 3 more semesters in ramnation...gotta step it up...last 3 chances for improvement
#1 humanitarian / art #2 entertainment / music :)
Take advantage of this wonderful weather! Check out the West End and the DHM this weekend on Saturday afternoon, then celebrate NYE at...
#UKBaseball is the best team out there but #ULBaseball has their number this season
RT : Congrats to for being recognized at the Women of Professional Excellence Awards!
There's no beer in the work fridge. It's like these people don't even care about me.
To Hell? RT : Rachael Ray coming to Kansas City Sunday June 10th to talk about burgers... Where should she go?
Good morning, have you picked up your ticket for our halloween MONSTER MOSH next week?!
I promise not to do it again...
I never sit up and scream or talk in my sleep during or after a nightmare, howcome the people on TV do?
Fuxk eBay. Bitches be spending my money 😡
McKenna : "please, war on women. Bring it."
SECOND! :) RT : Love seeing small companies like The Hub and Constellation win.
Calls For Gov. Transparency On "Green Zone" Entry Criteria Met With Guffaws, Knee-Slapping Laughter
#becauseofthesnow , I"m bored.
complete a face plank in the lake
I've had 3 since the start of school this year!! Snuggly, germy kids seem to have that effect.
Don't forget to follow if you're planning to attend our #auc2012 June 13-15!
#Money Guages < Shit load of magic cards.
What this heat bulls game though
#WhenIWas13 I was bullied almost daily for being attracted to boys.
I can teach you my ways, oh sister. The grasshopper surpasses the master. Thus is life.
it ended up being just plain sad all throughout the movie & it's ending was really confusing because it didn't offer an
Sick today, lol
Sitting next to getting his dome cleaned up at The Barbers on Sandy Blvd.
What? No love? S'cool. I am not there anyway.
Dear , please tell that is screaming on air was cute when he was 5...now that he is 6 it isn't...
use Banana Boat after sun aloe. Works great. I can apply it for you too. ;P
Decks are for cards and grilling. They are not a file format. They are CERTAINLY not a document format.
RT : I wanna be the reason you smile 🎶
the scariest thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.
thanks very much!
Thanks for the #FF!
With Vid: Asthma app lets patients breathe easy
nah he jus tries to look like a badass lol
She need to tell me
credit to from ALA RT "Michael Witt - Libraries need URI policies" - just a good all around idea
Country music at a bar = greatness. Been so long since I heard you
that's so not cool, i hate drinking
So #TLAM was great! Why my grandma told my mama to give me her book?! O_o
#hungergames makes me want to watch The Truman Show again...
The Window Gallery exhibition featuring has been extended to June 22! Stop by and view the portraits in our windows!
Maybe some people shouldn't tweet while in their cozy pajamas. Their guard is down.
As Dream Chasers we accomplish that wide awake
Today has been a very productive day.
Love the bus ride past Baltimore with its industrial brick buildings. It looks like it belongs on an old train set.
Attending the Spotlight Awards tomorrow! I hope to see many of you there. Let me know if you are going!
Before you can see the light, you have to deal with the darkness ~
Anybody have tumblr? :)
I wish I saw the movie I love a man in uniform
Who as a quizzaz?
my mommy will be here in 3days ! hyfr.
:) Happy New Year! RT : You're welcome. Love your place.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle
Is it better live?
A guy I know needs to invest in a bra.
no, riding solo for that one
- Nice! "Stuck in a Family Holiday Get Together And You Can't get Out of It"
If ur not a pussy come say something to my face
Back from Cali and a vist with B. Happy St. Patrick's Day. And Happy to see usafitnesscorps on Twitter
I prefer a big dog that you can wrestle with but the sentiment is still the same.
During today's Easter festivities, I was drafted to play the mean, evil hunter who shot the Easter bunny. Said bunny was later resurrected.
Wait, what are they discusing?? RT Cuz was pretending to suck dick with luis stupid little boys they discus me!!!>;0
You're very welcome!!
Happy Monday!!!
Looking forward to the show tonight at Staller Center for the Arts at SUNY-Stony Brook!
Time for girls dinner cannot wait for tapas ☺ #starving!
I'm going crazy. Does no one understand that Smith kneels at the 1 and it's game over? Jesus.
Check out www.mirrormascots.com
Thanks for the tweets. I missed this entirely; currently in Cardinals land. I saw one of Yaz's last games...what a treat.
Thanks for following me! Hope you enjoy my artwork!
gives $10,000 + to 79 college students. Very admorable. You Michigan guys aren't that bad after all.
shout out to #soccer moms, mgrs, trainers, coaches, referee's, scheduler's & everyone else who gives their time to youth soccer. THANK YOU!
"Remember that time when you-". NOT in front of my parent dumbass!
-__________- no duhh lol... i'm saying like a family member or a friend.
Yes, we are at the InterContinental Hotel for the last day of #TEXPO in Dallas. See you there!
On my way to watch #Hereafter with Dr. Damaris.
Thanks for the shout-out Kristi! So happy you're pleased with the site. Get ready for greatness!
and I used to be real close...now its like we aren't even friends anymore. :/
Motto for the day: "Don't let the blur of movement try to replace one elegantly completed task." (Merlin Mann)
": are you ever coming home?" // Not if I help it.
Good episode! Your podcast is fun to listen to.
Wishing you happy holidays!
OMG! U feed ur dogs fast food!?! Probably hot dogs no less...kidding #JustBored : )
Go ahead grand slam, game tying triple, go ahead run. Nobody fucks with the Jesus.
I CAN'T STAND FAKE TWO FACED WHORES!
finished my presentation on how to use google docs for library acquisitions..possibly more presentations to come!
One hour until my weekend officially begins!
I'm having my first beer in my life tonight!
Yes BITCHES KNICKS WIN!
How tf do you send an email on the blackberry..
It's been exactly 1 year since I was in concert.
Hell no how'd he make that
What are people's thoughts on PT Sans and PT Serif? Can't decide if I like it or hate it.
you should have said hi. You making it to any other shows this week?
would love to work with you! Please email me at and check out our website! Great meeting you at nourished
i hate cheaters
Dear goth kids in NYC, where are you all hiding? Tell me. I wish to find you.
First commercial 787 flight! Congrats to Boeing and Japan!
If Demi can fight through it. I can too. <3
I HATE VAGINAS
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. -Lou Holtz
thebigdonkey are you still having the problem? we haven't touched anything _;;;
takes it deep
Lol tag him bro TAG HIM
just tell me when & who Im driving
I think I'm gonna make a strawberry banana smoothie for breakfast :D
3:00 AM.....time to stop...I have worked all day....and most of the night! See www.loft401.com
This is awkward...
More than 13% of children suffer a mental health disorder. School-based mental health services help reduce disciplinary referrals.
I got that good good. Better then MJ Bad. Lol 10 points plus 5 extra credit points for scaring the roach. >:D ;p
YES!!!!! Go Adele!! She is owning it tonight. Amazing.
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Share them with other people
Zodiac @ havana is happening now and is awesome!
Crazy pale girl's going out into the sunshine again. Does my madness have no end?
Me too! :) Yummy. A la mode with vanilla ice cream for me.
Can't wait to move to the WP, then I can go home on my lunch breaks & save money by not eating out everyday
The Queen Elizabeth is gorgeous! They'd look beautiful in an arrangement, don't you agree?
GOOD MORNING WAZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzUP
if guys did these #ABoyfriendShouldAlways tweets, then they would prolly be in the
Issue 99 is out! Lonely Kings, KEPI GHOULIE, artist Mark Bryan, Holiday Gift Guide, reviews of Juno's Kitchen, The Muppets, plus much more!
Can u please Re follow
#FINALSWEEK #BLUES I got As on Midterms IDK how considering I was absent cuz I was @ #SXSW wish I could do that for
I might be stalking you :) Enjoy the flight.
Running may burn a lot of calories while you do it, but weights & interval training will have you burning cals around the clock!
Good to know!
All sponsorships are only paid if the challenger finishes and all the money goes to help PZS.
I love love love it!
Good morning! "Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." - Winston Churchill
Home Depot to hire 70,000 seasonal employees. Will legal industry follow suit?
Happy to hear that Austin is having a wonderful time in Miami :)
Super art jam at insight!!! Pretty tight!!
Did you hear the one about the honest lawyer? No, me neither.
Antoniou's Towne Square pizza... Love it
He's doing good. Not getting any younger!! How's ur mom see if she will make spaghetti & corn bread over the break 4 me.
it's all about DJ and the Fro tonight at 11 pm on MTV! you better watch it and spread the word!!
but marsupials do
Concert was excellent! Looking forward to catching a Carley show some other time.
Research: Statistical correlation between success in one field and another
Always preferred this version- "It is your attitude not your aptitude that will determine your altitude."
you in Miami?
Instagram for Android is out! Does need an Instagram account? Or just sticking with us on Pinterest/Twitter?
I really hate ignorance... I promise the English language is not that hard.
did u ask yet? Lol im jwin
The new 1%: people who use IE6.
the single is titled "down" and that will be out for digital download on the same day. It's a self titled Album
Love the Vox guys! RT : Can't wait to rock with this Sunday
ATTENTION: Tomorrow (4/20) Munchie Express will only charge a flat rate of $3 for all orders! Make sure to give us a call!
The protestors from Versailles are at Marlins Park. "Pita si odias a Fidel!"
Yes sir RT Any ideas where to get a tacky Christmas sweater? 🎅
Love you all! Can't wait to see you on Friday. Monster game, please!!
I be loyal to objects like tom hanks was wit wilson
Was that an earthquake I felt or did I just reminisce about Lebron's earth shattering performance in the finals last year.
well u not welcum
Thanks Marceolo! I hope the 1st week of this special New Year showered you with kindness. And #followfriday to ya!
YOU'VE NEVER SEEN IT?
Whatever It Is You Don't Understand You Will Later
The first rule of Twitterberry is you don't talk about Twitterberry.
cockroach in my coffee... #happymonday #mustbespring #yuck!
I got a free certificate for Jack in the Box from my teacher. She knows Jack.
Hoy and sunny in Houston. ": Raining in New York."
3696 ∞ favorite color? - blue or red :) IB- Madison 
This is the morning of small fires.
School of Rock in Mythology? Hell yes.
Been too long. But it was great, as always.
40 hour work weeks 😖
WE LOVE YOU TOO!!!!! lol
at yucca's tack shack
I'm close to beating my PB for paper-writing - current record is 10k words in 9 days (1100/day), this week going for 5k in four (1250/day).
haha thanks(: u too
"I might kiss the Austin sidewalk when this shuttle stops at ACC."
Finally back after a supposed hack. Anyone get anything odd from me?
Masturbating in public eh?
Fuck this entire day.
#WhyDoIHaveTo be so sensitive!?
Straight Up Tribal, we love them! RT : Really cool band playing at right now!
and hope he hasn't already drugged u
I think I ate too much, but those Pizza and wings were good!
in other words, walk in like you own the place and you're looking to buy 20 more like it!
Mm called my stepsister Lidia, I miss her. She's coming in August, n_n
This stats project is equally mind-numbing and aggravating. I'll be working on it until further notice.
or either one is fine.
although he says he won't brag... did win, handily in Scrabble.
is celebrating #CincoDeMayo! Food and drink deals 5/4 - 5/6 plus Mariachi's! Yes. #Belly is ALL ABOUT margaritas & mariachis
I heart you so bad! YOU'RE pretty fuckin' sexy!!
Ever been caught texting in class and got ISS? retweet
like it, but "shave on weekends"?? C'mon now- that's extreme
Lets do this shit son!
The word "Homeless" should not be associated with any #veteran. Final Salute, Inc helps #homeless female vets find
heard 's music for the first time today! amazing! she is so talented and only 15! wow! listen to heart in your pocket. <3
I'm baking tonight...
follow me plz :}
Going to see Andy at Wholey's today for some sushi!! Could you ask for a nicer day for a walk? Looking great Pittsburgh.
At Halftime the #Heat lead the #Pacers 66-39 in our Game of the Night.
Go go go go!!! Amazing dance with Argentine Tangos rule on #DWTS tonight!!
aww it makes me miss y'all :) I no longer need massive amounts of caffeine to survive. Funny how using time management skills help.
Well yeah, but they don't know that.
DealBook: Despite RIM Takeover Talk, Hurdles Would Be High
I guess I am back on my high horse once more
Thank you! :)
DO YOU HAVE A WASHER/DRYER IN YOUR CASA AND DOES MEGA KITTY LIKE TO DO LAUNDRY
Debating what kind of scam to use in order to gain more followers. Any suggestions?
Everyone's Invited 2 Come Celebrate , & Birthday Cookout Today Down The Briccs!!!!
I meant to tweet sooner but I just realized that it's 2012 and the internet is here to stay
so exusuated long day
Hey, i completely understand!
#first40songsonshuffle 28. You Are So Beautiful - Escape the Fate. :D <3 :3
that moment when your writing the last paragraph of your research paper and your computer crashes and deletes the last 2 pages...
We love you, too, hon.
Moderator asks if athletics is part of a higher education. says it is, just that #CFB itself is flawed.
lol !! I'm just annoyed yo....
#ndpl jaime seemiller notes that sustainability is one of the most challenging issues she faces in her digital projects
i need like 245 more followers before i hit 1000 ugh
Hehe! Neil is my drum idol. If anybody got close to his melodies, time changes, fills and syncopations, I'd marry them :P
Thanks brotha! Wish u could have been there too!
Drinking game #DSUM12 everytime someone says 'end user' take a shot.
I want you to ride my face so good!
Lmfao I luv it wen a person like omg now I see who u really r wen I get mad like no fool I got 2 personalities I tell every1 that
And Adam Dunn crushes one to right. 3-2 White Sux. Crap. Blown save.
I think so
My sister got me a LV and a Gucci wallet love that girl 💗
whenever i rage i stop because i dont know the meaning of rage
Worried about the massive credit/debit card hack affecting 1.5 M customers? Authorities say the info would be enough to commit fraud.
alright triangle peeps - who's hitting up #FriAt5 today at C. Grace? Can't wait to check out this place!!
I miss my Kalaya already ( sad face )
lmaooo i miss you
Oh cool, i also want Vinny to follow me! lol and haha yeah i have random verified people too!
tiny fingers!
but, but, I thought you liberals hated marriage?!?
what up!?
Brooks! And Boyle with the assist! Wait...
It's been a fascinating whirlwind of emotions, dreams, music, and travel... I think that I will update my blog for the first time soon.
Is Tennessee considered "South"? I never know what gets lumped into region names. Might go to a conference in Oct, which sounds fun!
Sounds good! :0)
You take that back, Charlie. You take it back right now.
Hearing the oceans waves is going to put me right to sleep.
So sorry to hear that. Can you DM us your Zipcard # so we can take a look at what happened?
Heeyy guys!!! Jessi, start putting your name at the end of your tweets cus guess what? SAMANTHAS ON HERE NOW<3
No problem, love. :)
yea and the perfect plug - let's do it VT
I slept all day b.c. I am hurting from surgery. Rather sleep threw the pain while I heal the live threw it.
: in 2012 I wear white whether it's summertime or not. I will be beyond arbitrary fashion rules and their timid, lying morality!
We are at Denver Seminary today talking about internships and post-graduate possibilities! Stop by their student center if you are around!
Let's go Goldy!
should be put in cage...his narccicism might kick his own ass
I love the ppl who think they never Ned nobody it's funny to me to see how that turns around
its been a long road home...
I played it the day it dropped ... Where we're you?!
Marvel Comics Iron Man Stark Project: IM Hooded Jacket
RT : Who's doing their last minute shopping for the ??
OMG shoes.
#WeWontWork if you don't know where #swaggie is from
Thank you!
this thunder and lighting is making me scared.
Fresh with their new buzzcuts, Bruins vs. Capitals tonight 7pm! Stop in for a drink and a bite first.
No, the one she uses. If she owned a pharmacy the copy would be impeccable ;)
Dude im so sleepy.
Happy to announce two new writing projects for production in 2012. More info soon.
Heading to Shark Valley and hopefully alligators.
Congratulations to our colleagues at Shakespeare Theatre Company in Washington, D.C. for the honor of the 2012 Regional Theatre Tony Award!!
I wash my hands thoroughly after visiting any bookstore's "new fiction" aisle.
RT : Robbers On High Street and The Allah-Las starting in an hour!
unfortunately not
That's game.
O o! Yes, I will dig up some orange t-shirts
Retweet this if you're running out to get a #Bronco #manning jersey!!!
Our intern extraordinaire is working on a blog post. Stay tuned for her post next week.
Okay Forreal This Time Goodnight<3
Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait.
South Korea has seized thousands of smuggled drug capsules filled with powdered flesh from dead babies - Made in China.
He called the gum State of Maine Pure Spruce Gum
After 244 years, Encyclopedia Britannica will stop printing books.
things I did today: cut my own hair and saved myself $60.
You had your heart broken, you cried a river, you built a bridge, now get over it
Really RT : #ZodiacFacts #Leo’s rarely compete, because they just don’t have to.
did you meet any FTP band members?
One of the hardest parts of our job in RE dev is to convince people we are honest and genuine in this biz.
Cowgirls try a dive now in the Texas box. The ref doesn't buy it, though. Play continues. Ball cleared.
I would like every candle from anthropologie, please.
To everyone who doesnt like my music video...Thanks for upping the view count :D
My husband has never seen Pulp Fiction. Watched last 3rd just now and can't get full effect that way! Can't stop laughing tho.
Ol skoo slow jams
I should not be allowed in your local fred meyer.
site is currently down
No, they have a different burden when the oppressed workers are facing explosions & suicides.
Punishment is justice for the unjust. Saint Augustine
Rate of change of tech is changing drastically. As a result, expectations of what tech can do are dramatically different says.
Does anyone know why /b/ is playing sad violin music? They were doing it yesterday too
Its amazing-the things that matter to ESPN.
sorry to be away so long
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie don't be haunted .
Seriously, do people see the disgusting irony of this? WI Gov Walker using state taxpayer monies to fight recall.
Jane Bennett, archly, on those "passé philosophers Deleuze and Guattari." Believes system and object theories can be reconciled
worst part is.it keeps opponents close & me watching- then they go to trapping zone and pull away last three minutes.
Pet peeve number one: when people waste my time.
Can I ave a follow please?
You guys gotta watch Dark Shadows. It's a good movie! Then Naty and I had a MLP marathon. :)
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 13
