:P There you are.
Two of our Screenwriters Panelists, Peter Sollett & Carolyn Briggs, are here! Can't wait for the panel on Sat. at 1:45!
U dog ass niggas be faking heavy..... Its all G Though... #MFL to the finish line..
yup leaving from KY the 12th
Sometimes I just get a craving for live music....
Thanks for joining us this evening !!
ok bye.
Thank you for sincerely for helping Black Lab!
great job getting answers for your story on unemployment! my wife and I loved it!
It's probably a good thing I start moving the weekend #TFC plays at RFK. Blah.
No I will not.
"Photography has not changed since its origin except in its technical aspects which for me are not a major concern." - Henri Cartier-Bresson
Awesome, thanks again!
And if course can't forget
You're very welcome! Snow days keep us busy, but we love it!
Um, of course. Let's have us a fucking man night.
good job Thunder. bye bye Mavs!!!!!! screw you Cuban!
Watching work.
but I like to teets ;D HA SEE WHAT I DID THERE! How punny ;D
Lunch with my mom! =)
pretty much. :D
By the way , even though I'll miss you on , you have to know I'll be getting your new book "Drift" - it sounds amazing!
Drinking the cheapest beer I've ever had-'Beer Light' is the name, in a purple can.
It doesn't bother me mia! Hahah(: at least im not a whore...! Like other people!ha.
grow up people were in high school learning math not kindergarten learning the alphabet
Very true my man!
is thinking the wine is fine!
Thanks for following us.
Love is not blind - it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less -Rabbi Julius Gordon
seriously why do people hate? youre perf theres nothing to hate on. theyre just jealous anyways.
RT : Stacked is open next to in the 5th Ward check them out!
Another one bites the dust!!!
If food were alive, would it want to be eaten?
For my Bday has taking to one of my fav plaves, my winery thx baby
Just when shit can't get any worse.
Blown Away?
7th period hurry up so 8th can be over with already. I'm ready for my nap time ^_^
We all need to plan a happy hour soon. I have some killer graphic button ups to try out.
Stoked to be a new writer for ! I can almost hear them chanting, "we accept you, we accept you, one of us, one of us... "
Latin Comp final project is a "Res Gestae" of 300 Latin words. I feel confident about mine, which means it's probably incomprehensible.
Nice!! So much.. New music here and abroad.. What are you up to music wise?:)
LOL! You totally made a rhyme on your Twilight post! Very Funny!
Finding it added about 5 years to my life, mental health-wise
We search for some of the greatest artists in the country and place their art in our store!!!
Happy mother's day to all of my favorite mommies out there (you know who you are :-)) The world would end without you. :-*
RT : If I'm spoiled, it's because I spoil my damn self.
April 16, I will be teaching How To Write & Publish your book at Black Writers on Tour conference..
i mean who wouldn't
You learn quick :)
Anytime Queen!
1 more puppy from that litter is close to finding a new home!
Just read through Lydia Parks' next vamp erotica. Can't wait to see it in print! I love seeing books before they're published. Cool feeling!
Me? Jealous of you? Lmfao. Oh, honey, bless your heart.
-- Not yet, lady! Soon...very soon!
YATES CO SHERIFF: T/MIDDLESEX HWY HAS SOUTH LAKE RD IS NOW OPEN TO ALL TRAFFIC
trust me, he wasn't good enough for you.
wait peace might not be peaceful.....(dark is mean shes putting her anger on meh)
The has announced that 4/8 2012 begins Nat'l Library Week! But remember, it’s never too early to thank your local library staff!
it is fun but I am really tired now. Like sitting in the corner wanting a nap. lol
Quick #Royals note from Ned Yost today: Hosmer getting 2 days off in a row vs. LHP. Low BABIP & k/rate. I buy the hitting in bad luck theory
My book, 1-800 Awesome, will teach you how to position yourself to increase your personal hourly rate by being a healthier, better boss,
Tired of being stereotyped? How do you become who you really want to be? Ask the Workout Sloth! Join the Good Gang...
hahahaha yeah I know but so what! If you come to KC we can go to gates anytime ya dig
woo!!!!!! u listened to me<3 love you lots and lots <33333
Really hoping Barack Obama gets the Dem. nomination. I'd like to see what this guy can do as President.
Nets fans booing LeBron when he touches the ball. You guys didn't really think he was going to sign there, right?
Outside while the tornado sirions r going off. Yolo
awhh:* thank you Beautiful ;')
So sorry you will miss it! You are a photography queen! Sounds like a great night.
If you head on over to gotheredothis.com there are lots of Nashville activities you can do for half price.....
Um, you blocked me...
love that this was the trip??
Hawks Home Opener creeping up... who's our lucky third?
Abilene to Waco and everywhere in between, if you are in Texas, www.amcaphomeloan.com can help you with your mortage or refinance needs!
I've used HoneyStinger for the past few months, and the products are outstanding! Love the
I know all I wanted was a terminal session and I almost never found terminal.
I just sold my ford truck
Looking for a healthier breakfast/brunch option? Try our broiled grapefruit... it's awesome. And an added plus - this month is National...
You can't drive forward if you are focused only on your rear view mirror
Just testing my page tune-up here... :-)
he always talks about it lol
Leaving school early today.
Thanks for the retweet! Look forward to seeing you at BK this summer!
I feel like you need to update you #userability thoughts?
anything with tennessee orange on it
hahahaha! FAIL! in what way does 4 look like 'L'?! hahaha nd 3 looks more like a butt than two 'U's put together!
I am making cream filled choux buns to bring to work tomorrow. You WISH you worked at RCI :)
Happy New Years!
I just finished
Long weekend starts now! Looking forward to reading, walks and my first Boston Esplanade fireworks
please follow me back I love you Robert 🙏💗
Let's get this over with.
Thank you!!!
lucky! I have to wait a half a year
Keeps the germs off the tablet, the first antimicrobial tablet for kids, PlayBase
Miz is looking extra #beautiful on tonight's
Lunch time! Thy our "Old School" breakfast 2 Eggs made the way you like, with toast and country ham, bacon, or our homemade sasuage $7
When you're #grateful , a whole new world appears right in front of you. Promise.
#thelifeof being such a confused person!!!! :'(
Time for a new iPhone case. This stainless steel-backed one... Should've been scratchless.
I mean, it'd be real cool if I could find that one guy who was awesome and I could have a relationship with.
so what is this thing that is doing? I don't even know what we are talking about
School is back and with that comes homework and tests. Tutor Doctor can help with both of those and we come to your house. 1on1tutoring.com
at the end of the day what happens in Spokane happens every where.... or is that Vegas?
better than nothing
New version coming out soon! More fun and interactive! Stay tuned! www.IamINC.biz
that has got to be the luckiest bike ever! :-)
Creativity becomes a nuisance to the schedule. via Michael Allen
Kiss Me - Ed Sheeran
How would you destress yourself after a stressful day? Meditation? Play with children? Go for a walk? Like and share your ideas in the...
I can't live
If you don't get that "What the hell am I doing?" feeling once in a while... you may not be doing it right.
Our Major League Baseball System Stolen Base is now won a combine 226-4 in the last 5 years. We are going for win number 227 Tonight.
wow. that's really special.
I really <3 the #SilentMode feature on my phone... Except when I forget to turn it on before I go to sleep! #Dammit! Now I'm awake!
yo carlos your mama is so fat when she farted she launched herself into orbit.
- Hoping that sees my tweet & replies.
A passionate activity is one you're doing without regard for time.
Quite a compliment from a #grammywinner RT : Have I mentioned how good this place's food is???
So excited for my future!!!!
I'm still on this. Thinking work relationship theme song remix could be "You Can Call Me Val" by Paul Simon...maybe.
Today's Sandwich: Meatball sub with mozzarella cheese & marinara sauce served with a bag of chips & medium soda...$6.95
Why not?
“thank u! : I have renewed my membership tonight. Must maintain my complete collection of all FUV Live CDs”
Great meeting with Jason today. Talking about doing some branding and social media with his company.
Crap. Oh snow you didn't. Well, that really sucks. It's not funny if you have to tell it twice.
i bookmark so many things.. omg
cus the Js last Saturday didn't go hard for real.
Tonight at Varsity Bar! The Unicorn League Sessions and Casey Hubble. Music starts at 6:30. No cover, Happy Hour prices on drafts all day!
how have you been? I still have that interview to send you oh World Champion. Been busy setting up my zombie prom @ Irving
Nate the Great at it again...SPLASH.
dog put your feet up, thats not okay
and I suppose it's reasonable to think there are some in the library world who dream of being motorway assistants...
hey college flys by. Keep smiling they are tears of joy
Agree RT i like MSU jersey, don't like the helmets. I don't like anything about UM's uni's
where and when u start school?
So bored...
Finals are fun
Tonight is the night to do nothing when everything is possible. Whhooopppwhhhooopp
Thanks for the mention
that sucks! Any other problems?
Boredom = fantastic dental hygiene.
Who's going to opening day today? Looks like a perfect Spring day for Baseball!
Why do you wanna read the book if you know the ending.
Making #manicotti in cooking class
When I watch 's #Michigan stories, I wonder why people are not uprising against "emergency financial managers."
Everything feels so weird between us :(
Mexican food for breakfast? #Heckyes ! :)
Pumped that iPhone is coming to Verizon!
OMG WTF IS WRONG WIT MY PHONE I CANT CALL ANSWER TEXT OR SHIT SMH..
Began leaving today. Their service is terrible but not as bad as their customer service, or lack thereof. Amazon Web Services!
In addition to being friend of the animals, is also friend of comedy fans everywhere & 100% awesome/supportive.
.Thank you again, ! We have had the best time making incredible ceramics with you twice this summer!>THANK YOU
Have you thought about enjoying the lifestyle instead of making a living? If you have a same feeling as i have, please msg me.
Nice play by Starlin.
Real say true aint never told no lie
Play ball! The Albuquerque Isotopes' first homestand of the 2012 season kicks off on Friday at Isotopes Park. Who's going to the game?
#ff HILARIOUS FOLLOW!!
just listened to the new album. So good!
Just had an awesome conversation with my 2 year old...
You give 2 Fucks? Eh? I give Zero!!! xP
YES I DID THANKS LOL
Happy Opening Night!! It's going to be awesome :)!! -Love, "Stretch"
Hidy ! So nice to see you here! It's much cooler on twitter and it rains all the time. xor
No i dont like you no more. just like a friend.
The dangers of working from home: unlimited snacks. Just filled up on tortilla chips. Good thing I was planning on going to the gym tonight!
Chillin' with Kema, tending bar with amazing tapas, wine, and company!
So if you are a member of a women's group at church and are looking for something awesome for the ladies to do let me know.
I got called today by a major publication, about Pronetos of all things. Talk about social networks going nowhere.
Heading to to answer phones. Won't you call and support this musical treasure? It's painless. 412-381-9900 (I'm bringing cake!)
If the O's are + .500 on May 16 after playing the #Yankmees, #BlowSox , Rays and Rangers then it'll be time to believe.
Lol you getting them
One Ok.. Two is Fine...Three is Enough..!
Stop Bein Ah Stranger Then So Ik Its Real ;p Lmaoo
Love that story on and Devereaux Peters. That's a great piece of writing.
I have a special swagger about myself that I feel is often imitated but NEVER duplicated. #100 call it cocky, I call it honesty! *Shrugs*
RT Jealous: and they've been beating us with it ever since.
Wahoo! We finally reached 500 followers! Thank you so much to everyone!
The purpose of teaching is to build leaders, preserve and share knowledge, and to make a difference
"All the other kids with the pumped up kicks,You better run,better run,outrun my gun"
it's a weird place for a kitty to be. It would've been scary to watch her climb down O_O
- I feel like a part of my Childhood just died. Huge Beastie Boys fan. From the start to now the end.
agreed! We love #wash! Back to back
Faith is what we believe in action!
that was the best "math class" ever ;)
fair enough
Everyone tries to impress that special someone, but if you can't get them by being yourself they can't be all that special.
A good night in frisco. Now back to good ol San Jose!!
The safest principle through life, instead of reforming others, is to set about perfecting yourself.B. R. Haydon
From adversity we can learn the value of patience.
529 for steak.
"i'm tired of your hacker paranoia! Product says it's disabled!!" . Sir, that notice only comes up by using a pirated code…
When the Crane machine grabs the thing u want 4 the 1st time and u get so happy :D and its about fall into that square hole then the machine
Pulling for Cotto so Pacquiao can claim transitive property victory on Mayweather and force him to fight.
i.love.ur.tweets
how was the movie??
#reenvisioningnagel i'm thinking beyond those skills though. how to communicate with adults, how to work in a group., etc
Do you ever wonder if McDonald's could catch 'em, they have a McPuma burger? Pumas won't let themselves get caught. Cows, you taking notes?
Looking to hire a Business Analyst that is interested in going perm. Must have ERP implementation experience, specifically in a financial e…
What* RT : Call me whut you want, but I can't wait for Teen Wolf Season 2!
that's not my twitter name;)
I would say go for it motivate and inspire. It's what I do everyday with my preschoolers.You become motivated and inspired.
Come get TATTED UP!!!!!
don't hate. Derrick gives out free shit? You bet I'm takin advantage
Howie From Maui did make me piss my pants. Thanks.
Off to the crack den.
It's so much better to find the truth out for yourself...Not often do people volunteer fact.
I'm eager to join an event professionals association again. I used to be so involved as a student and now I feel out of touch.
you should check out our teix tee
If I was I woulda snatched Cynthia's glued in tracks right out her bald head
should've gone back to the gym.
I assure you that I am down for that
Just being happy cause your mine <3
this ritee here the Lemon Dropper . ♥
Hey :D How are you? c:
With a good jab-step you can literally make room to get off a jump shot, or create a lane to the basket. All w/ out WASTING ur dribble!
DC for the weekend for my little cousin Vincent's first communion. Can't wait to see my family!
my macbook needs to chill out for a hot sec and stop sounding like it's going to explode.
I'm so stressed out & I have no idea why.
If you have to ask.....
Blake Griffin's a punk.
OMG Situation. maannn...
Be careful when donating blood... they might just clone you. :-) CC: &
I miss high school ) : can I go bck and visit for a week?
t-shirts are free correct?
when school is done for me we will go on an adventure to anywhere you feel like :)
is a day to let your hair down and revel in life, as the vibrancy and joy of being alive permeate your very soul.
went to Redlands East Valley High school
Chicago Bears select Brandon Hardin S out of Oregon St with 79th pick
RT : Media research geekery: You can't compare Internet uniques to TV average audience. It's apples & oranges, done constantly!
I used HCAD to trace the original owner, who I learned died in 2003. I'll meet the second owner on Saturday.
please follow me i love you
i never heard anyone call it fake creek
you'll find some doozies in there. I've also found some great vinyl & cassettes there as well.
To me tbh miley and demi are the only "sexiest" ladies that've worked with disney :D
The DeWitt Law Review is live this Easter weekend. Give us a call at 1800-329-5858 to discuss how to buy distressed properties.
I hope to have some news in the morning on CBS this morning
And this is how we bring it! Really bring it to the table! RT We have to 'embrace' ALL of our DNA (via )
Thanking God for blessing us with so many promotion opportunities!!! WE IN DIS THANG!!! SALUTE!!!
Glam Fairy 's Jon Breaks Down His Personal Style On tonight 's new episode of Glam Fairy, the spotlight turns on Jon as he faces some of
Comedy is a sign of freedom
�Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself
Wish I could but your in the wrong district!
lol it keeps telling me user no longer exists
We take a holistic approach to pet health. We research our formulas carefully, using only ingredients we love. Always in adequate doses.
Might want to check with first, as I did manage to find them for him.
You're a turkey too. You Mayor stealer! LOL!
Please follow me :)
Well Im going to go to bed now. Got school in the afternoon si I'll be sleeping all day lol. Night peeps
Fashion is for pussies.
I think you should give your number but do a contest an give it to 3 lucky winners!(;
Fancy! :) I'll have to check that place out. Thanks!
you better tell your wife, tell your kids, and tell your husband - 50% off at the Times Cinema on www.crowdclick.com!
ive change like 30 times today thats how bored i am hahah
- Obama supported gay marriage for 2 reasons: To regain the youth vote he has lost. 2. To acquire Hollywood's endorsement.
Sharon Morrisey from NCCCS:Dev ed: "The Bermuda Triangle of our college system"
Unemployment implies room for more leisure for equal productivity. Need system of capital allocation that's not based on labor.
Dear guy who plans on tight rope walking across the Grand Canyon today, Don't do it!
you're in my iCal. I've got a list of new places you need to try!
Can't help you if I ask and you say no
Tacos start now. Come down to olydias
♀The time is always right to do what is right♀
hahaha naww, girl I dont even got your number :P
glitch fixed! shop away www.remnantuganda.com :)
Become a Bear!
- 1st of all, it depends on how much it costs SUM to have Barca come here!
I'm down for whatever
True RT : An Ego/Pride will ruin any relationship. So if you value a person and their friendship..suck it up and make it right
Or Mitt for that matter?
RT : Big hugs to my family on
I give up on everything. I dont care anymore...
I'm going to school to be a broadcast journalist ill have a few oopsies in my future career lol ur still my fav sports anchor
fill in the blank..... "the best thing about living in NYC with this beautiful weather is _______________!
Do you have any clothes in your closet that your significant other HATES?
"AGENTS FOR THE STARS" will be holding AUDITIONS in Sep, Oct, and Nov in NYC, LA, and Miami. Email:
Millbrook High Students! Get $1.00 slices this week ONLY, with your Student ID card at our Capital Location!
I WANNA MARRY U SO BAD *cry*
RT : Come down to the Dakota lounge listen to Paul metza and try our mergers meatball
HAY RAY
I like Kroger, plus using kroger cards earn $ for my church!
thank you.
Getting offline for now. #NapTime :D
Yes I did forget a lunch today thank you.
Thanks ! A good time was had by all. I always wonder, after a conversation like that, if we will be invited back.
Who has a carne asada this late in the middle of the week? Apparently we do.
if i see david again tomorrow evening or thursday morning i think i just might give him my number... :F
im still gonna say Smoke
oo forgive me--meant to boost audio but am right smack in middle of helping w/ another conference! Will do Thurs
How about that snow today? Don't let it slow you down, let's embrace it!
hey livy, hope all is well, did I replied to your last message, can't remember, don't want u thinking negative of me lol
I'm going to feel so short again when I get back to the Chi.
Santa Cruz being evacuated on lower level, near coast line.
sum1 doesnt know how to answer they phone...then that sum1 will call when im sleep or @ work...sound familiar bruh-face?????
I got 99 problems and a bitch aint 1.
RIP Ryan Dunn
What yall think about the Numark NS7 decks w/ the 45s on em? Recommended? Any feedback is appreciated.
Getting in the jacuzzi with my mom to relieve some stress >>>
We've been house hunting and it has been driving me crazy!
Maybe it's the headphones??
wish sue a big happy mothers day for me!
yea! thanks everyone! it was awesome
Lolololol RT : You would think them niccas had a contra cheat code for the ATM how many times they check their balance!!
Computing | R.M. Beaumont Corp.
Why are we not talking more about dessert pretzels?
Congrats!!!!!! :D Is you new house still close by?
Because lately you've been looking at me like you've seen a ghost, and isn't it obvious who's been missing who the most?
becuase your not supposed to
My brain really doesn't want me to fall asleep tonight... >:l smh!
I love you.... You know who you are...
How are you, Scotland? ::waves from Atlanta::
Omg I can't believe yall are coming to lubbock, I live there!!! I want to meet yall so bad! <3
Headache or no headache I'm going hiking followed by going to see hunger games.
Hey there! You're on my team. I'm working on a poster for your office for Elizabeth. :)
MCR/ELECTRIC OTTO is always down with #working with other people. Whoever I work with has to be serious and be about
Today's design challenge : design an uglier, less intuitive and more amateurish mobile site than the NBA's.
which one?
Today is derby recovery day ha
it's hard to get you to press #FOLLOW button on my case, but I try always ♥
lol just the gel is cold, it gets in your navel and it's slightly uncomfortable when they press into your stomach
thank you so much :-)
Today's Feature: Almond encrusted chicken breast over herb cheesy grits w/ mustard BBQ sauce & side salad Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
yeah right you been #subtweetin for days hah.
"Oh I thought that was a face." "Nope, it's soup."
in your head, zombie zombiee zombiee
This season of #Idol has def inspired me to keep working the craft.. Joshua Jessica Skylar Deandre
Just came across 's daughters princess certificate signed by rapunzel, I guess she doesn't need it to know she's a princess!
Dear NCU. You are weird.
I might mess around and walk to HEB and get these cookies. Ooooweee.
I am beyond stoked for a new release eventually. Great band.
Leyland brings in the kerosene kid
My AZ Cards key player on offense is Wells. Defense is Washington. Both need a BIG day for AZ to win.
Almost home after driving from Austin strayte
the lot was just tilled today. Any equipment you can think of given that info would be great
Hell land of beer! It's a beautiful day for a beer tour!
Thinking of rain? No but time for a quick car wash. Stop at 1125 Menaul or 1601 Coors for $1.50
It's not a solve, but I'm so, so proud of our leader.
College football getting a playoff? I'm gonna blog a column about this.
yup ahhaha and lucky! But thats okay cause its my last year and im excited :]
amen to that sister! please tell my boyfriend that.. :P
School law on religion, "don't" Next chapter...
Hey and , thanks for the shoutouts re We agree, its a very cool company.
I'm allowed to follow you now, right?
That is some amazing cover art you have painted, I really like the the Impulse one you did. Thanks for the follow.
you're so welcome. Did you find one?
Jeff Mangum at the just let out. Did Hugh Bob already play at ?
Seems like as good a day as any to announce the launch of my new supergroup Freddy D and the Goys.
I have like 10 days left in my 20s...cray
no no
Keep pushing forward!!!
Yo where the hell did all this fog come from!!!!
did it m8. CHAMPIONS. Way to show up.
SexTip Girls, give your guy a surprise wake up call in the morning by slipping between his legs and giving him a little oral delight.
ask me anything. I'm an open book.
awesome man I loved the song
Aw, yay! Love you!
great, you?
As long as the outcome is income :)
"you're a vegetable" -M. Jackson
do you follow you should look at their time line. Something in their pertaining to you.
Cougartown and Private Practice
good luck!
dominican swagger ;)
you...are...AMAZING!!!! and supper tallented
You jumped off the grid as soon as I got back on. Self control does increase productivity exponentially
Near the Westside? Midcity? Hollywood? If you aren't at The Mint to see The Soul Rebels you are in the wrong place! Get here!
So weak:(
“: And that is life as a Chicago sports fan....”can we get a mulligan
I'll be missing the #mnbas Sat so I can attend a Hawaiian-themed mother-son dinner dance on the same night.
So tired I walked into the ladies lavatory. Didn't realize my mistake until I saw the high heels in the stall next to mine.
#AfricanYoloMoment mistakin a laptop for a cookie or cookin ur salad coz u think its raw
My head hurts from so many Easter confetti eggs cracked on .my head lol
awww! Thank u sis! U are forever appreciated & loved by your bro no matter how far u may be. You still have your brother...
S/o to my brothers from another mother
Your still one of few people who actually know What my twitter name is haha :)
Is anybody else's Time Warner Cable in Brooklyn down (and out)?
lol I remember that movie
You clearly did not come home with the AWPlague.
We earned $200 for Operation Smile last week! Come see the show this week so we can earn more!
Oh how I love miss congeniality!<3
Don't forget that today is a double header so there is still plenty of time to get here!
Thanks for the RTs!
Contratulations Dana--We'll be there Sunday
You have to love Xcode. One of my students was so frustrated he started banging his head on the keyboard and his errors went from 7 to 4.
Holy crap, I just noticed the giant robot T-Rex on the Cover. Instant awesomeness.
Do you usually know ahead of time if your property has any potential environmental hazards?
Bored out of my mind and I just want to go home. 😒😞
goiin to my bro track meet todayy :)
Q1 - Remind myself I'm doing it for the kids!
was it #stewie ?
Luv that the counter guy remembered me from 6 weeks ago. In NYC. Where i don't live.
YEAH, BUT TOTALLY LIP SINGING.RT : Madonna is still freaking SEXY #superbowl Rocking!!! LETS GO Giants.
Spring break 2012 has involved a lot more beer bongs than I anticipated
whatever happened to open211?
prince! How you been bro??
Bonus points for tonight's driver: He actually knew about my site from the 190 North episode! Awesome!
Extroversion is often confused for the lack of seriousness.
I just saw last night's cuts...I'm bitter! You were my fav from Vegas - good luck and I hope you try again bubby!
Damn, what a day...
Then listened to Lisa Harper who spoke of her childhood struggles but how God used His Word to plug the holes in her heart---his love story
Ex-NFL star Junior Seau reportedly dead SAD!!! Great PLAYER...1 of the BEST!!!
highly recommend Drive if you haven't seen it already.
Paper was first made from the hemp plant. Later 3 superior plant fibers came into use in Japan: kozo (Mulberry), mitsumati, gampi
F this new bill
RT : I got a $500,000 line of credit at Tiffany's like Newt Gingrich's. I just asked for the "Fiscal Conservative" plan.
Thank you ♥
can't wait to see the finished show on CBS 4 All Access.
u lucky duck, ive been trynna go down there so many times to visit my school, but no one to go with :(
Shoe shopping with my girlfriend....HELP!!
i anit lame
Rupert Murdoch looks like he is on his way out!
"Sports dramatically improved my self image & quieted the voice inside my head that told me I wasn't good enough" Geena Davis
I'm just on some chill shit.
": Ever look at your ex and thought "Was I drunk during our whole relationship?"... Im pretty sure I was beligerently drunk xD
IM EXCITED TO COME SEE YOU IN LA ! AHH #MAHONE TO LA (: PLEASE FOLLOW ♥
Sweet, just placed 3rd in women's overall in this race.
Congratulations! RT : Just picked up my and Latin Honors cords!
We would love to work with you and see what we can do to help if your still interested. I feel very strongly we can help!!!!
Any trends in conversion from 1940 Census visitors? Yes - an increase on April 2, 2012 and afterwards
this little white boy standing on this dark street corner scared the hell out of me....lookin like a young jason
Fact: No school book will ever teach you how to heal a broken heart. & no teacher will tell you how to move on.
Don't forget to tune into the show today at 11AM CST on
WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL IS ON Z100!!!!! AH
Headin down to Green Dove to meet up with Mr.Nice215 to get some Co2 wax and then over to Oasis for some OG.
My sister trys and kills herself every day bec of bullys this is to all bullys and chomos I WANT U TO DIE MOTHER FUCKER AND U NEED TO CHANGE
A New Years Day lunch with the family, I think yes!!:)
Same here. When you call a collection "General Info. and University History," I feel some granularity of description is called for.
Learned something new: Twitter will not publish identical tweets #
Generic 4/20 joke here. That's right. Not even going to try.
Just Look @ your self in the mirror god dammet! Your SO damn irresistible! <3 (;
Stock options for the win! I am going to ignore the long vesting period for now and focus on celebrating.
And I will hit every mark
Happy Birthday April!!!
big shot out to #travispastrana get well soon!!!
except sex ones... I still need sex ones.
After getting delayed by Air Force One, finally headed for home: SAN >>> OAK
heard anything on Bosa?
I'm happy to announce that I will begin work on a Kids Clothing Line next week. Music Inspired, Band Collabs, Etc.
yeah baby I texted you
Glad to know I'm not the only one in my office who can't deal with the "no headphones" policy. Co-workers are discussing making a petition.
yooo who u playin with this summer mayn? the fire again?
If I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you go 🎶
Oh fuck you, How I Met Your Mother. Like, and not even for all the usual reasons. Stop fucking manipulating me. This is bullshit.
Doing what I do to clear my mind. Shoot pool and take shots in Long Beach, CA.
Yng Spec Ed math tchr works long hrs, buys supplies, gloves, hats 4 kids, pays 4 field trips, is 2nd yr. tchr, low score in paper=devasted
My fiancé has the most prettiest eyes and smile that I have ever seen. :) <3 XOXOXOXOXO cc:
😞😞 I'm sorry! Being sick stinks! Feel better soon!! 😄
only took a week of drinking NOTHING but water to get used to it and have no craving for soda.
sounds good:-)
Once you start to dislike someone. Everything they do begins to annoy you.
they're entertaining at least ;)
reflects a degree of corruption in local government that needs to be addressed... Someone needs to look into the local government here...
ouch :( thank you sir. Next week!
Studio with #kok #highrollerz and you know with us making fire.
You have to remember that with love, you're not the only one involved.
haha never doing that without proof reading again!
Dale, thanks for the follow
Nope...no Baxter here, but you stay classy Stephen! :) Thanks for flying with us here at MKE. Happy travels!
Did you know that oatmeal is not gluten free because of cross contamination with wheat? You can get Bob's Red Mill Gluten Free Oatmeal ...
Will Ferrell hosting SNL tonight. boy am I glad I dont have an exam tomorrow
Obama said something that everyone knew anyway. Hooray.
come check us out. We have Gunthorp farm duck liver pate, La Quercia speck, pork rillette, coppa, and whipped pork fat!
"After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music."
I'm convinced someone has a hit out on me. Way too many people tried to run me over today for it to be a coincidence.
Needs to visit Seattle. This. Place. Rocks.
Up early lots of errands to do. Blah
Its taking over my brain, and my heart..
#milwaukee Heres to old ships & new ships & all the ships in the sea, but the best ships are friendships so heres to you and me
Eating old cheese spread was not such a smart idea. Belly ache.
i m tempt to look at my phone but thank god its dead (:
da Celtics bout to come back
thx! maybe if it needs to be verbally disambiguated I could say "capital X arXive." Lots of things called "archive" 'round here :)
I would at least read. And probably evangelize.
2 hours exactly. I. Am. Beat.
o ok hitma phone
please come to chicago!
you changed the carrots?!?!! :O
Dope profile pic
OMG! I hate when people have to grunt when they do everything! Eat..grunt! Open a door..grunt! Walk..grunt! Breathe..grunt! >.<
I wish I knew more smart men, that were sexy and good in bed too. This needs to be a priority, where are they?
you seem to be quite the popular one today on Twitter
great thread, lets follow each other
Just finished work on a fresh motown-esq tune with a double tracked classical guitar accompaniment...and 70 vocal tracks!
Finally feeling the #hoosiers spirit! Go IU!
School time : /
total struggle 4 me this morning too-couldnt even manage 2 put contacts in. I'm propagating a librarian stereotype w my glasses
Thanks to everyone that came out to Chris Webb and Friends last night. Great way to cap off
Does Children International hire pretty girls for a reason?
Alexander: Asking #NASA to develop commercial justification for flight is like expecting AT&T to dev Angry Birds
Iceland looks super cool in
Follow the plan of a happy day
Ecommerce sales are growing by more than 19% each year, and are estimated to reach $1.4 trillion by 2015.
ha ha ha. well, there ya go!
its so sad, you need to watch it
No relation. Unless you mean not the author, but the star of the movie.
Lost a lot of weight and need a whole new wardrobe? can make recommendations for building your wardrobe back up again slowly!
If you call Lebron "King James", you = silly silly boy
Just got a complement from another teacher. Awesome.
re new media. That's so 2009
Sunshine Cinema mgmt should back employees for adhering to policy. In a theater, snacks=profit=paychecks. Entitled pundits. Oy.
Madonna's Malawi charity drops plan to build school............
Bret from Flight of the Concords! I had no idea he was involved in the Muppets! "Disney for making movies with songs in them" <3
i really neeeda go to sleep.
Any and all in the Catering business we would like to support all of you. If our company has not , DM us for a Tasting
probably a straight to dvd movie
RT “: Tonight's show is an hour long! And still 23 hours too short!”
Austin's voice is flawless. You can say all the shit you want, but my opinion will stay the same.
IF YOU SEE THESE TWEETS && RESPOND it will be HISTORY IN THE MAKING?
“: I'm sure you'll find a new job in 6 months to one year on average.” Damn.
I think Chicago Fire has the best chance of any new series on NBC to succeed.
Dropped your cell phone in some water? Don't panic. "Sargent Solutions" with the 4-1-1. Watch tomorrow at 6pm on CBS19.
Write a short letter about what the holiday season means to you and $1 will be donated toward Make A Wish! DM me for details!
listening to one direction for like 10 hours straight
Listening to as we fall asleep. Merry Christmas Taylor! My sister and I got Wonderstruck! So excited! Have a good one :)
#thepeoplescourt Haha couple from Rochester NY on the show! Fighting over a gym membership
Boo hoo Whitney Houston. No one cared until she died in some hotel room.
Parents get a special handbook when they take you home from the hospital
For #EdTech success, recommends standardization to decrease lost instruction time and increase adoption
customizing my tumblr like a boss
O. Im flying delta in like, 5 minutes!! E! RT : so I guess maybe Delta isn't so bad after all.
thank you darlin'
it's about time you see hotd
Congrats Jen!
I'm going to try to get it out today. Don't worry about the shipping!
Finished with an awesome day of calling, (via commo), fire missions for Artillery. Uniform inspection in the morning.
barfights r only attractive when Patrick Swayzee is involved. lol
First 2 months sucked, but it's seriously amazing. I, too, think we earned it after Josie :)
Kindred Spirits at Doe. Great, great work! You are an inspiration to us. #dogood Home of the #2DayLatteFast! Thx for follow!
OK you added commercials online, Y should I watch the same commercial twice in a row? Also Y doesn't your video player work?
Thanks for the RT!
The injection? “: Wait for it ,wait for it -----+”
Guess I'll just keep 🙏 and go back to sleep.
falling asleep in this church.
tornado damage in TX appears to be more hype than reality. they say things are bigger in TX but they are stretching the truth? am i wrong?
On a personal level.I love my Pack but I hate the human element to officiating in NFL,It helps or burns and I hate that should be fair.100%
3 more test till I'm done with Spanish 2 online!!!!!!!!!!! #success!!!!
Status: Unavailable.
I really wish I could be on Fourth Street for the Final Four celebration
wanna catch a fade , I'll pop you a flat top...I'm trill ya hurd lmao
Tonight's meeting is cancelled.
lmao didn't we have this convo. You clearly wanted to go back
Getting drunk and watching basketball with
I'm great:) Sorry for the late response. Hope all is well with you. Happy Happy New Year and many Blessings!
YOU KNOW I DONT SLEEP!
I'm appearing @ comic strip live tonight at 10pm. Don't miss this chance to see why I lack both health insurance AND a sizable following.
“: your'e generating a lot of hype right now...don't pull a Jeferson:)” haha
Is that purdue coach matt painter or Shane McMahon?
"Krauthammer: "Imagine how Obama will treat Israel after his last election." Jewish voters and friends of Israel, are you paying attention?"
yu like ignoring me bc that upsets me
UCLA football sucks...even coach P could not revive this sorry program
alright, you win for now. i cracked and made a twitter.
Congratulations on being honored as a NM Woman of Influence!
THE ONLY MOVE FOR TONIGHT IS #INFERNO FOR #SWEETDREAMS!!! SEE YOU AT #MARKETFRIDAY!!! TICKETS STILL ON SALE NOW. ONLY $5
10 lunar months.. better get counting on that heifer....
The lady on the bus just told the bus driver she used to be a hoe!... O.o
Hi! Thanks 4 the follow! :) & sorry I didn't get 2 call 2day, I'll try u on Monday. Happy Weekend! :)
why do you feel like shit lol?
right, not good for heavy use.
welcome to New Jersey Nets
: 's "Some Connecticut Gospel"
I applied for two of them! Hoping for some good news!
The Reef is now available on instant watch - haven't seen it, read some "middling" reviews middling?
I'll miss Webb too. And Jen if she goes to Boston
I remain Loyal even if you haven't been the best person to me. Its who I anything other then that isn't the real me. #Realtalk !!!
Drinking my a glass of my favorite wine, your Pink Catawba. Always delicious!
IN ORDER TO WIN N LIFE YOU MUST B SURROUNDED BY WINNERS
AOS: Flails on Shelf. Q: Quantum Interference Detector, R: (Alpha) Ray Spectrometer (spare), RayGun, S: Sharpie markers. T: Earl Gray (Hot)!
Yes - The Greatest Movie Ever Sold, which is about product placement and marketing. Supposed to be pretty good.
Netflix.Netflix.Netflix.Netflix.Netflix.
Pool side in florida, tuna melt at the clubhouse, then flight home to #thestorm, nothing my jeep cant handle.
Friends were finally boated out of #CinqueTerre & #Vernazza after the massive flood. Heard that 5 people are missing.
hulk teacher roar
Ouch! RT : Reading 'More Lives Than One' today. I think I'd like Rudolf Ditzen a lot more if he had kept his Hans to himself.
you caught me:
Oh hey Twitter hows it going?
#pabstblueribbon RT : We &lt;3 hearing what the red, white &amp; blue mean to you! Be sure to include #tideflag in those tweets! :)
you better ^__^ (: text mee i have good asz news you might be sad though
So I walked back to my room and collapsed on the bottom bunk, thinking that if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was a hurricane.
Don't forget all the prelims for this weekends fight from Rio will be LIVE and FREE on FX!!!! - via
Good luck with that! RT Plan for tonight fall asleep to and <3
did I just become a small town story?
#ff - all the great place to visit in the Land of Enchantment
IS verry happy umm if you want a free copie of my new book tweet me<3
So upset that I'm not going to see at madison squaer garden tonight!:*(
And people are really pissed about it.
Drinking decaf tea while doing homework, I can't stay up all night!
Hey, I have my acceptance speech ready to go! RT : I can't wait to accept my award for NFL Owner of the Year
that's awesome and I so totally get it!!!
Check Your Head
tried on an AMAZING purple ombre pair of ray-bans at saks tonight and now i can't find them online anywhere!!! EFFFF
Yay watching the fairly oddparents c: no studying anymore
6 are in the set
Lightweight bored
Just found out that Girl Talk is playing Music Midtown in September.. Gotta get some tickets asap!!
I miss my girlfriend a lot :(
done and thank's for ShoutOut :)x
feelings hurt ctfu
we need to get Volcano Curry of Japan in the inner richmond on the Stampt hype! they already have cards lets convert them :)
I'm tired. haha
i love milk chocolate(s) especially toblerone :p
awesome bro can't go wrong with family time! Have fun
Hope the bears, deer, fox, raccoons, squirrels, bobcats in our area don't mess with our garden (or mess with US while we are gardening!)
want. RT : Cute/playful relationships>>>>>>>>>>>>
apparently your skin has been kissed by the sun...
Supposed to be a nice weekend here in #pittsburgh...should be good for the game
Off to the mall for a show and then the airport later! Woohoo!
Uumm okay do u have a facebook
I am in such a funk. I'm lacking motivation and the will to care.
thanks for the follow!!
Why do kids get killed cause other kids find their parents guns? Why isn't the safety on or why is it near them? #whattheshit?
I think your Twitter account is hacked, just got a VERY odd dm from you...
Our analysts handled 222 calls on New Year's Eve, peaking between 10am & 2pm (EST). About half normal Saturday call volume.
Working on edits today, following my dream, are you following yours?
roses are red violets are blue , hes for me and not for you.
FE/J. Kaplan + A. Winslow: (Reading from a ridiculous adaptation of the script from "A Dangerous Method.")
Israel silent in current events. Eerie........
Big meeting today with creating something very epic!
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. ~ Elizabeth Bibesco
someone felt offend
don't ever make me youtube something like that again
excited about the idea innovation lab. if you're part of check out our Jerusalem Jewish Cabaret idea and vote for us!
baby,the day I'll stop loving you is the day SpongeBob will finally have his license.
The co-creator of the Berenstain Bears, Jan Berenstain, has passed away. I loved those books when I was a kid. Thank you for the memories.
That mix thing I just cooked up (see latest photo) was almost creepily easy to make. And I don't even care that much for cooking.
iPads rank high. Very low bar for younger kids. Wealth of interactive ways to reinforce classroom.
Career panel round two. Here I go
but maybe their teeth are!
My friend Rose told me on fb thats the easiest math ever. I told her "I doubt it"
and NBA playoffs
Taking some time to try out Sprout Social this morning, so far it looks like it will be replacing Hootsuite for me.
Have an email folder called "stuff to save" where I put emails w/ nice thoughts, compliments, praises. Bad days I go back thru & read them.
I like calling people boothanggg(: is my boothaang,
Thanks for the RT. Can't wait to be there in April for Casino Royale.
#Netflix put #StephenFry's show #Kingdom up the other day. I can't get enough of it
You're beautiful!
seriously. seriously.
Have you tried our tortilla soup? It's only available for a limited time, do get yours today!!
Okay yeah that's really not necessary at all
it's officially 3pm in ft. Meyers. If it is anything like senior spring break you are well on your way to hammered right now.
we're so there!
isn't it obvious wants a state wide office and is currying favour with the PG Reps
One more minute and we're in!
"Prezi motion sickness" is very funny. Low course evaluation response rates are not :) Come and see us at 2:45 @ South 40
You're gonna hate me....we actually don't serve them anymore :-(
Thanks Cal! The feeling is mutual. Our collective blood is definitely still past legal limit.
At the Milwaukee Waves game. My first time at a Soccer game.
The greater the impact of your task at hand, the more difficult it is to engage it.
#tosavethenflandimproveplayerhealth IDEA 1. Institute player weight limits by position, I.e. 275-linemen; 250 linebackers and 240 for others
Chiilin in the airport lounge in Frankfort with ,
whatever. I'm just so tired I never wanna wake up again
I just got you in a tigerbeat quiz for like compatibility or something. Not that you will see this or care. Jss'
Sounds like is having trouble with its feed. I blame chase towers.
Scanners get real quiet after someone gets off an
thanks for the post yesterday. Have a great day today.
boyfriend isn't as good as it was made out to be i don't like it much.
you tell him ChaChi
I think women who date Rappers and Ball Players should know what there getting into.
Luckily it was a pillar and not another car that I bumped up against. Did they have to replace the whole mirror?
Awesome! What's your capstone focus? And do you have Nahon or DV for 580?
I'm leaving behind all the fake people in my life and yes I know who you are.
Bohero award to whoever was responsible for the Fed Hill cleanup. It looks much better than it did after being infested with St. PD douches.
Client looking for a strong retail marketing manager - social media, email marketing, trade shows, e-commerce. details.
Sacrificing grammar for a tweet because it's over 140 characters..
talked to the guy in the metra station about the popcorn he said he'll carry it.
Joel Anthony.. Heat? Born in Mtl n played for Dawson.. I didn't know that.
Are you on a team for Reach the Beach? What's your team name and how is your fundraising going?
Dancers are athletes of God. ~ Albert Einstein
Visit our new website today www.luxecitizens.com & allow us to take care of you!
“Don't tell a woman she's pretty; tell her there's no other woman like her, and all roads will open to you” - Jules Renard
well whenever you're in town!!! Stop by!!
so think to make me happy.. Cause Adam says I suck.. :(
Enjoyed watching tonight, but it really needed some
Slept all day, but now im up eatting like a fat person, and igotta do my hair. Today should be fun
Eating chewy gooey chips ahoy! Yummy! Before my brother & sister eat them ALL!
happy birthday, my brotha! where the party at??
I wonder if I'm the only one you text all day long...<3
stupid white people food
HELL YEAH!
I do. I'm just frustrated by my own lack of interest and being unfollowed by people I once liked. Which relates to my boredom.
Nah, I'm sure they are just lurking to get some tips to help improve their image. After all, u know how 2 bring a dark soul 2 light
Haha like how huge?
Loves his new rubbers from #tirerack. About time I took off my winter wheels...
Can't wait to see my girl when i get off ☺😚
What's going on #Seattle? How's your #humpday going so far? Hope you guys are on this #Bartab Bowl! Sending drinks to win a party? Awesome!!
Your the one who belongs on a red carpet, cuz ur my star.
Day off, picnic in the park, and my tax return showed up in my bank account! :-D
the sun will shine brighter on that day
Thanks #davidletterman for #drumsoloweek - perfect ending last night with
Condolences to the family, friends, and colleagues of SDPD Officer Jeremy Henwood. He served his country and community with distinction.
We recently did the 1st season of Justified, and it was great plane viewing. I'm a big fan of working through TV series midair.
I Dont Like Following Other Peoples Footsteps, Cause I Like To Make My Own Trail -BreezeDTA-
Yes, Jean Dujardin is a charmer isn't he?
I have literally done nothing all day but watch Netflix and eat my weight in food. Awesome.
Shame on you! Parents were much older than me! Much much older!
RT : I can't believe that this Saturday is my last session at Penn Law.. I learned so much
There's no phở restaurant named VietNomNom? Inconceivable!
I'm just not sure I could bring myself to enjoy that beverage. Yuck.
Happy birthday to you ! We love you so much girl! Congrats and much gifts!
LOL, you about burst my eardrums it was so loud! ;-)
Co-empire building with at today...just as soon as I make it out of the West Side
Still got the info for the Jordan Brand acc. ex?
I smell trouble RT I still haven't come up with a compelling idea. Wonder if we should team up?
and doing a great job! Love the food and the tweets. And, if you don't need the front camera, a 3GS should do the trick.
I love you
Revolution is the festival of the oppressed.
*_* have you seen football on tv lately?!
That's like asking me to choose which son I love more. Really unfair!
Spa Finder Wellness week March 21-27. Call Now to hear about our specials and book your appointment!! 619-338-8111
im seriously so jealous of you guys haha!!! I wish what happened to you guys would happen to me :/
50 Year history of underway. The slides cannot keep up with what #dryden has done in 50 years.
Its passed my bedtime
I guess that's another thing I have in common with the iPad. ;>
2 unmarked timbers probably could have converted anyways
Spammin' all over town, friend! Change thy password!
Sigh. Thanks for the info.
What if chuckie was real??? #That would be some Shit
fix the ESPN site...its not updating stats... we all know you are an IT expert
You love to blaze? So do we.
is that english?
Might wear my bangs down!?!?!?
aw I miss you too.
Theres some bold bitches on
help me please
SO TALL right now on jeopardy
I am in search of a REAL woman
it is absolutely bananas.
Today is the big day! We hope you're hungry.
This is cool, I never saw anything like this.
thank you :))
the avengers aim to please
'You tweet too much'. WTF. THAT'S THE POINT. TO TWEET. TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET.
Very difficult watching Dateline - Remembering Whitney, loved her music!!!
You got a friend in me.
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily n
If I were that person I'd say something about Android being better. Or at least more respecting of Space.
haha we did. It was the best Asian American story eva! 👼
Company Picnic!!! We are all Isotops Baseball Game!!!!
So unfair.
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "MOONSHINE" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
wow that sucks
if heavy social use than should assessments also be social - isint that what you taught - problem solving through social resources
Sac Mac is short for our famous Balzac Mac and Cheese!
Wild thing.
That sounds heavenly
The results for this hashtag are amazing.
There a smaller time band that is going to be playing the 311 cruise this year. Definately worth checking them out.
last lacrosse game :( let's win this one too bears 💙
All I know is that Better come hang out with us 2marro!!! Or ELSE!! lol
Just tapped the Amber Ale. Come by and try a pint from one of SD's newest breweries!
It's awesome how you take the time to personally thank new followers. Nice way to let followers know you appreciate the support.
lets go
#FELLAS: You a gay if u talk on the phone wit ya Mans & u twirlin ya dreads at the same time
Did you know? NEH has contributed $10.6 million to DARE (Dictionary of American Regional English) since 1970!
Data is good but when it trumps ideas do we not forfeit our imaginative spark to blind devotion to pragmatism?
My brother ends every one of his status' with "~P.L.U.R.R~213~ =DwBh" should i block him yes or yes
#packernation tell me how YOU do the belt!
My first west coast thunderstorm, this is so exciting! One of the things I've missed most about Ohio.
Rip Etta James
Lost in the Trees is up at They have a tuba!
It's always hard to see you've moved on and I'm still stock in the same spot :(((
im that nigga u fucking right....
Shontae Smith-hes not dead i am at the hospital now im his cousin keep him n yur prayers he is respondin n slowly makin progress
Has a new hero
Making music, performing, and of course -- dipping my animal crackers in Nutella!
Baby ima give it to u right , all night . 💋❕😍
what workouts did you do today?
whos him? that douche bag that thinks he can draw everything? haha jkk..
DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW TO POST VIDEOS TO FACEBOOK!?!?!?
They�ll deep fry anything!� Check out #DeepFried butter bites and more!
No, it always sucks. Like most things in life, that's how you know it's good for you.
Bernard is an Official Temp Pin Up Squirrel for New Team Lunacy! Show him sum luv!
We're going to be making a rather large announcement tomorrow!
Thanks for the RT!
goin to church to hang with my besties, & the lord!
R E T W E E T i f y o u <3 #GamerGirls and
Agreed. Loved the dog. Didn't connect. RT : Why did they have to tag on the star wars bit?
Fuck, I hate being late on shit.
i can't live with myself because i killed something where it was most safe
When you sincerely feel like you're meant for someone but it didn't work out <
yeah true!
ya i was actually proud of where he was going with that and then he said exactly what makes me love UK basketball fans
Keep your head up! You know who your "real" twitter friends are!
size 13 too
thanks. You sent an email not long ago. Can you resend?
Some succeed because they are destined to, but most succeed because they are determined to.
like getting pulled over for doing 70 in a 65. Letter of the law, baby!
me nd lance were about to go out alone later that week but they didnt wanna fight me. We didnt call anyone to come out there
hahaha. What happened after i left?? why PEAB?
The XML is being fixed to remove the 'degree symbol'... stand by
Had just enough time to get some Rump Shakin' before the show, y'all!
Good time with the bros
"The audiences are suddenly getting bigger. And when they get bigger, I get smaller." - Eddie Vedder (Pearl Jam)
nice. Enjoy.
yes!! I choose you!
i dont follow polotics and im not going to flex like i do. spitting out random facts that hear on the news like i know wat it mean. yall sad
Is this truly the end of it.. /: I hope not.
"if you want one RUN back and get it." ready-to-leave Mom to kid
#ViperRoom 8:30 Inbox to get on guest list!!!!!!
All the kids told all the kids and my bell kept ringing HAHAHA life is great ciao . I remember my code now its my birthday cant forget that
I like it when a boy gets the door for me... and then hits me in the face with it : P
nice! And here is an idea: donate to women in detention x mothers day?
My skin feels like it's on fire :(((.
Time for bed I cannot build anymore props tonight!
Wishful thinking . . .
I'm going to deal with the name generator issue with my diss :)
84! SO close come on Heat take this
Thought For the Day: “The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.” – George Bernard Shaw
It does not matter what your name is i'll just call you mine ? ¦ )
Nice talk by MSR's Barga on "cloud opportunity: democratizing access to resources" #xldb - great articulation of where we are/need to go
It didn't work for me either, it works better the bigger you are though.
About to go snorkeling
okay...I'll make one ASAP...haha
I'm the fuckin' man, ya don't get it, do ya??
Comast is trying to to get the cable back. All the basic channels, but none clear. Periodic drops. Wonder what tree hit what wire?
Here is your chance to get listed on this premier website. It only takes a few minutes to Send your Profile and Photo
Congrats buddy. A whole group somewhere in my office that just cheered and clapped so I'm going to pretend like it's for you.
Thanks! Any help would be great!
Hey I just want you to know. I was on a very important phone call. I wasn't taken a shit.
I kinda cut her as much as can!
Well!! :) and you do?? #Sister Maslower
Love you
That's because BR is a dumbed down version of the Manga. Otherwise the movie would have been 6 hours long.
Feeling grateful and thankful today for the many blessings in my life.
Hummus festival? Wow, you guys really party up there in PA :)
I could sleep, but I have to be up. Nothing like getting your kid to the soccer field by 7 am on a Saturday.
tweetdeck lets you have multiple columns so you can follow multiple topics all at once. easier to do than in twitter
RT : When people under-estimate dancers and their ability<<<
he's a bit older but nothing Hollywood hair and make-up can't hide. Tom Hardy?
RT : Quick contest - giving away subscriptions to Trail Runner Magazine! The first 5 people to RT our next tweet will win!
The quality of your life is the quality of your communication. (with yourself as well as with others). -Anthony Robbins
Up for the week winning 3 out of 5 days and up on the week,now we move on to #Soccer Saturday and build on a massive April
HP Anti-Counterfeit Mobile Authentication Web Demo - toner cartridges
at the bottom of a mason jar on Thursday.
Partying in Old City tonight for absolutely no reason ... break time!!!
Building great relationships while we serve others and make a difference... what better blessing than that?
LOLZ TXT IT~~ But seriously, I'm excited to hear this.
Who plans on watching UFC tonight?
Wow the crew can just not catch a break
Run through the field. Do it.
thanks for the worst day of travel in a long time! Nice flight attendants don't make up for the chaos on board of your planes!
Happy #EarthDay heading to the potluck today be earth friendly-bring reuseable plates/utensils like an indoor picnic
“: Every kid has pushed another kid as a child. Few have tackled to cut off the hair of another, especially in H.S. Sick.
Just Believe in you Dreams!
you know that point in your workout where gels and stuff wont cut it....yup....THAT one!! #musthavebacon :-)
how about we change it to Taylor is PURRfection? :)
Make sure you take care of your buisness r/s
If I wasn't so full Id normally go crazy for some.
thanks Simon! Looking forward to hanging out with you and Shab soon :)
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst
Omfg. I just realized this, IF the producers choose the winner the Fanny Packs Gunna win, they've been in the bottom 3 times and most of (c)
#ATL! The Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic Mash-Up is coming to 11/10 - 7p-10pm. Friend us FB and Twitter for $3 off cover!
Fantastic! I had the dining week menu - the tartare and the cucumber panna cotta were insane. Definitely will come back!
I might be , idk yet...
thinking about ya and wishing the best of luck here as draft draws closer.
who are you rooting for the super bowl?
Exciting! Listened to a read-through last night of "Tenderloin" Theater's next production.
It's beginning to look a lot like
Look. RT : At daughter's soccer game and one of the opposing girls is named Costanza. "Get a good luck Costanza?"
Purchase your nye tickets today
I'm done
This market is heading to danger zone.
Never get caught up in the web of deception instead seek the truth in order to see straight through a lie
It was either Woolf or Dickerson who said one loses one's faith twenty times a day.
thanks glad you liked it:)
as good as the hype?
Mariah Carey - Circles
I want to go horseback riding in Mexico.
oh my bad! What did he say?!
No, you can look now. :) I just need to inventory all the "to-dos" I have left undone.
don't think about all those things you fear...just be glad to be here... - FC Kahuna
Thanks for the tasty food today - the kids and adults loved everything!
Work...work...work...looking for the light at the end of this tunnel.
There are occasions when it is undoubtedly better to incur loss than to make gain.
Multi Kulti Jam Session tonight....1000 N. MIlwaukee Ave, Chicago, IL 9pm to midnight or later....
Just a few days left of B2G1 free on any healthy chocolate or anti-aging! Email me now!
R there a lot of injuries in those races?...seems like a lot of slip-n-slides--nature's style
not off the top of my head. when are you visiting? i want to get out there this summer.
restaurants/bars w/ liquor licenses closing on blue hill while super sketch liquor stores pop up on every block=link,clientele
I know I'm late to the party but welcome back Andy Pettitte.
Statistics I will conquer you!!!
There is a Rabid monkey loose in Gainesville.
"Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's.” (Luke 20:25) Happy US Tax Day everyone! ;-)
Let me know if I'll see you over at the #gwsummit later. Looks like a good group.
Booking Weddings for 2012.
Thanks for the follow, nerds rule! We will be following for sure!
Teaching in a few moments on E21 vision and multi-generational principles congress in Jakarta--it has been a great day!
There is only 1 Truth 📖🙏
hi don't give up the fight. I am a 3 year survivor. follow me for daily inspiration
want to ride
omg same =P
nice! They sure do a good job marketing AK. :)
or give up and move on
Get your imagery on disc? Hours of fun to be had with, e.g., OsiriX.
ps, miss you. Let's hang out soon!
Any business or website which calls themselves "The leading X in Y" is actually not, and probably not even close.
#GirlsLoveWhen You hold their hand in public, its just another way of saying you're proud to have her, that makes her feel wanted and loved.
Everybodyy be safee if you at Ultra .
That's it. Everything else I've heard from him sounds like... well.. everything else.
pool basketball is easily the greatest sport in America
I can drive if necessary. Haha
i feel the same, you have no idea Jenna-I feel like Im drowning in a sea of young hot womens twit-pics- I can't keep up w/
I think you stand under me if you dont understand me.
I guess. I mean, after June 13, she graduates and ill probably never see her again in my life
I am really shocked that certain shows are being canceled! Thankful and his team managed to survive and switch networks.
that is jeff gordons lover!! I think they just got married in New York.
4am wake up might be early but group #meditation is worth it. Plus thank u #cta purple express for getting me to work on time!
I ordered parts from them for my last build...but with them so close now, I can build more and more!
I just Love J holiday
When was the last time you saw a really ugly baby and had to bite your tongue from saying it out loud? The topic comes up in my new play!
also if they kept the fun classes, the graduation percentage might go up..
THAT'S THREE DAYS IN A ROW
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you hold the door open for someone who is too far away and they start running to ya
damn Rhi is looking at more photo contest!!!
well i been growing up i dont what happen i just like idk i had a gf and alot of school work and stuff like that
It's not a whip. It's a car.
« Just walked past jared Allen in the tunnel, who said, we've got to stop the run man. That's what we do.»
Great weekend.
The guitarist for Train looks like Howie Mandel in this video...
mon twitter t'a unfollowé. pardon.
Because most of what I watch is NFL Network, I'm watching the Top 100 again. Let's see how today's episode goes...
Uh huh
It's snowing!! And really, really cold.
My cousin says the darndest things in and out of his tweets Lmao..
jeremy lamb is the next reggie miller
One of these days, I will get you to give me a surf lesson. Be prepared to laugh! :-)
My least favorite cliches in sports: "don't let the refs affect the outcome of the game." AND "You can't call that foul at THAT time." #huh?
Huge portion of Liberty's revenue RT : Interesting fact: Of today's 14K Liberty U graduates, roughly 80% are online students
we will see about that. I mean, I could probably spare a couple thousand or so.
Have a good day at class
For God has not given us a spirit of fear and timidity, but of power, love, and self-discipline. 2 Timothy 1:7
Its okay when its in a three way its not gay when its in a three way
Last minute audition for Two Broke Girls today. Was a blast!
“: People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours.” yup
Even if Justin doesn't won any of the awards, he'll always be THE WINNER in my Eyes...
Head to the bar, and wait..and drink. MT : One of world's great quandaries: "we have a middle seat available if...
RT: ": iCheated On My Fears , Broke Up With My Doubts , Got Enqaqed To My Faith '&& Now iM Marryinq My Dreams (:"
ok so there are 2 of us that didn't get the memo...the other guy just got here after an hour and a half commute from kokomo...bummer
On the radio live today tune in 104.7 fm at 5:30
Ain't showed my Twitter sum love in quite a while..
john deere sweatshirt and i bottle of captain. hello finals week.
u can be in your feelings... I will leave u be. Lol
Thank you for your support. We like the clean lines and navigation of your website. All the Best!
I am coming from baton rouge 18 hour drive with a Saints fan lol
Ethnography and phenomenology as it pertains to the religious experience. My brain hurts. Someone buy me a cocktail!
neither was Garcia. But you covered yourself with sayin front court. You're good lol.
I know what you mean. My dad passed away a few years ago. I miss him dearly.
Thanks for a great KCS Workshop, which definitely filled in those gaps.
To stay on the land: 1) #Farmers must receive fair #price for commodities. 2) Natural resources must be maintained.
Zakk Wylde needs his own show -
some people do cleanses, to each their own. "she pulls her dinner from her pocket" has always rung true to me.
School would be fine if we had to be they by 2:00 and they had fast food restaurants inside like taco bell && subway:/
Pretty sure that took gold at World Beer Cup, NOOB!!!!!!
I'm guessing you don't like scary movies?
jersey shore all day and all night #yeah buddy thats how im spending my thursday :)
It's kinda awkward when people say "about to lay it down" referring to their body in 3rd person...
Happy Earth Day 2012!
reading from The Mezzanine by Nicholson Baker at the Palace of Industry reading with Alexis Smith.
“: “: Fletcher touts compromises, critics question principles The Mayor to lead us into the future!”
TONIGHT "THE PHIL & JOHN SHOW @ The Black Dog Pub 87 Island Rd Toronto, ON
Don't worry bro! She'll nice you sooner or later. :D
can you guys follow me plz cus im not a hater im a lover <3 #SpreadingThePEACE4Prince :)
I wish there was a high on and high off button when you're stoned lmao
Gone Chopin. Bach in a minuet.
RT RT It's days like this that make it easy for me to say I love going to mission :)
I should go back to reading this book, but I don't wanna turn the light on.
Sure! Do you want it a capella or what?? (:
i love thunderstorms.
Yes way to go Rangers!!!!
Counting down to the Verve Studios Indusrty Showcase. Curtain tonight at 7pm. Break a leg everyone!!
In 1994 Romney supported gay participation in Boy Scouts. Today it's being cited in fight for lesbian den mom. Yea!
My surgeon used glue (!) instead of stitches or staples! The good thing about that though is I could shower.
Am new to seo if u are interested share any information on seo techniques.
Sounds like a fun night!
says: I just updated my twitter moms profile. sa-weet!
Hee hee, no virtual refreshments, and my only clue is that it's AWESOME!
u older than me foo lol and u snitched on me lol
or maybe good day :)
Don't you just love these annoying girls behind us?!
uh daddy is mad at you cause didnt invite him to get pizza. He said she went to go get some good pizza and didnt invite me boyy!
on another note, I'm really digging fun.'s cd
701 likes! Thank you for your support and please "invite" /suggest us to all of your friends!
just a beautiful Friday!
Oy. After driving a Subaru forester for 7 days,my car seems as light as paper.
What can't you wit for bestie?(:
Didnt we learn from the iTunes store that the best way to beat piracy is positive alternative?
rosie you need to be on the cast of rhonj! your my favorite one!
I saw that quote this morning and I was shocked..the most marketable guy on the team and if he is dogging it-serious stuff.
Play to win
The anything goes cast made a video to what makes you beautiful omg??
that a burn
haha right me either(:< they shouldnt give a fuck about us.!(;
that can work! (x
there's an OTHER black guy??!!
Sad that Donna Summer died. Mostly cause Sheila Jackson Lee will get on TV to pass "She Works Hard For The Money" as the new national anthem
Quote, well who is me? Unquote, how different I've become, and no one understands, my dear, no one really cares.
The baking and craft talents of my fellow staff members are amazing. Now I have cookies that are too pretty to eat.
Going in
Bye Bye Sarkozy!!
My brothers tux for prom looks fresshh.
I'm a Leo......but I'm quiet in public.....but behind closed doors.....u gone need some earplugs 😜
how about "Riden Hard"
