dont worry we will throw that lead away
i am drinking yay
off course let me not forget about my bestie <3 <3
Tough to catch with all those corners!!
I am seriously troubled by the proposed rapid consolidation in the telecommunications marketplace. ~ Conrad Bums
Taco night(:
hell yeah son! 😏
there should be six seasons in a year: summer. fall. FASHION. winter. spring. FASHION. fashion week...love it
Haha okay I hope their office is still open. Or else I'm gonna be UP-set!
InsurTexas is OPEN for business. At this time NONE of our carriers have suspended binding. Please let us know who we can help you and/or y…
Everybody Mention Me !
Please advise: My supervisor asked me to make sock puppets. I've done them for fun, but isn't it bad to do it professionally?
okay, that quote alone makes me want to go pick it up. that's beautiful prose.
we come to la, I got a record label called rokkstar records, we can put you out.
it starts this friday, the 23
Favre wondering why it took the Packers so long to go up by 8
Thank you ... i'm looking forward to your tweets
A girl in a bar points at a guys beer belly. She says is that miller or bud? He says, idk but there's a tap underneath if you want a taste!
RT Student warning! Do your homework early. Wikipedia protesting bad law on Wednesday!
Serving lunch tomorrow between 9th and 10th street on Morton.
Gonna run.
u funny lol
Tired ; Gotta Wake Up Early ! Ahh
Actors - thinking about your big move to New York? Check out our site! www.TheActorsGuideToEverything.com
I swear $%&* this phone
was said In a speech at the Natl Fed Summer Meeting Judge Glenn Hatchet discussing the value of high school athletics
HEY IM BEING NICE WHY ARE YOU OBJECTING.
no problem!:)x
RT RT Instead of playing the victim, try playing the Hero.
I scratched my tattoo, and now it's all patchy and ugly. Maybe pat it? Or some lotion?
Fun Fact: in his spare time Grover Norquist is a PhotoShop whiz who enjoys depicting members of Congress in sex acts with animals.
Where's the back channel for the #NSVFSummit ? Come on people! There's this thing called Twitter...
I live for fukin n party'n now how insane is tht -
#noir What happens when fiction set in the sixties collides with real life when you're sixty?
sorry idk wht u wnt me to say. I wouldnt break up with him to go back wit chris. Not yet. I thought chris had to earn evrythng back
really good :)
Back by popular demand: Story on Lakeridge football stars who win games and tweet all about it. Coming up at 11.
Happy Easter Sam! Hope it's great! (:
Good Morning Hope Everybody Has A Good Day :)
❔❔❔ don't act like your life is bad or something.
so this guy who ran the first "marathon" he was by himself, so who really knows if he ran the whole way i mean he could have hitched a ride
Fake friends believe in rumors. Real friends believe in you.
Just read your webpage and watched your video... amazing! God Bless You!
sounds good dear.
u can bite me anytime lol
We're playing an early show at tonight as part of The Liquid Forum 5:30-7:30 PM- Located in Boise's BODO- No Cover!
What did you think of Tupac's "appearance" at #Coachella?
A note from to pack rain gear #ala11 in NOLA reminds me how much I love those downpours!
Little big planet 2 >>
I"ll be attending the International Council of Shopping Centers meeting in Dallas, TX 9/15/10. I'm so excited!!
Oh & my twin polished my nails pink yday.. I was to stylish.. I'm leaving them for a wk
-I should have mentioned that what I linked you to was written in 1933 by W.E.B. DuBois (hence the unusual words used).
Every single person is playing with their phone, including me.
Bitch, please. You don't know me.
Wife recovering well, son doing well, oldest son met baby brother today. Today is a great day
there will only be one you ....never will there be another you...that makes you one of a kind doesnt it?
Great workout with Sarah! Lecrae is great to listen to espiecially when running. :)
is counting the days...just chillin at home after work...I have the best of luck...
meeting with national restaurant chain, major donor, pharmacy, and a grocery chain. And you?
Sometimes stupidity can really bite you in the ass
hit me with a dm mighty mouse
I blame Bev ;p
writing my Researching a Primary Source paper is going easier than expected.
Haha last nite, aftr i said goodbye, my hair smelt like him :) yuummm
It's Fat Tire Friday at Fatso's! $3.50 pints of Fat Tire all Friday and join us tonight for lots of Fat Tire giveaways!
Anyone know where to get Atole?
72 law enforcement officers were slain in the line of duty in 2011, an increase of 16 over the previous year, according to new FBI report
Awesome! Brian Anderson just mentioned me on TV!
Have u hugged your small publishing company this month? C.V. Mosby says, it's Small Press Month! Here's to the small publisher going strong!
Check out doing his thing on "caught her looking" www.whoistrillogy.com
Going to sleep because insanity is creeping up...4 am is no time for ppl to be awake without the proper drugs.
How are you sposed to charge your
Getting shocked and beaten with a meter stick in kamo's class today.. its okay
#AskGarber Any thoughts for #MLS to move to a winter schedule?
Said, Said. . . why are you awake? You're waiting for me to write something witty. I'm going to humor you any second, now. . .
I second that idea.
A mother's heart is a patchwork of love.
RT : I heard put his money on Cotto this coming saturday...- true, got money on him to lose. Lol
Starbucks! Now to do some more homework! : )
Leadership - The power is detested, and miserable the life, of him who wishes to be feared rather than to be loved.
and congrats to for watching 9 screens simultaneously, and tweeting about all of them
Hot towel on my face>
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
Cheers to a honeymoon weekend spent with at !
Congrats to David Courreges, new president-elect of the Austin Young Lawyers Association! Good things are coming to AYLA!
If your company needs better help with its web presence, message us and we will make sure you are taken good care of. Or just ask a question
How are senior services using social media? Besides Facebook, that is.
#actorsloungelive cruel intentions
We need to give the Nuggets credit for there half court offence they only had 14 fast break points last night out of 113 pts
Thanks for the #SundayShouts!
Holding her hand in public, is just another way of saying you're proud to have her. #boyfacts»
RT : Internship: Summer Intern – Pace/MacGill Gallery – New York, NY: individualized tasks. Interns will also travel to......
Oh hot chicks galore today
my bad im still ur friend lol.
If u want something, u'll do anything to get it, even if there's a 99% that u wont get it, but if u really want it, u don't let that stop u.
Road Rage, Murder, Protest and Repression in New Maadi, Cairo, Egypt.
yes! Great to have you. :)
My God, Apple just unveiled a Higgs Boson. With a touchscreen!
RT : Q1 not all paper books get returned in one piece. A higher price? Maybe?
Great, looking forward to it.
Agree! Add beer to this equation.
WANNA GO TO MOVIES BUT I SEEN EVERY MOVIE! !
“: Don't do a sport if you're just gonna bitch about it everyday.”
He has two Friday lunch shifts as final exams of sorts first. And he needs 's vote too.
Celso invites DOE to tackle Zambo power problem
TRYING TO GET to answer my tweets about his perfomance on monday
#blago just let him keep going until he hits Colfax.
This is an incredible moment
whats a pink dolphin??
loves margaritas made by Thomas!
Reading a lot more on the operating costs of YouTube- article on NewTeeVee, CNET, VideoNuze. Figures vary by as much as $300 million. Wow.
Come see Adrenaline at T.J. Mulligan's on Trinty Friday or Dan McGuinness on Spottswwod Saturday. We'll buy you some drinks.
": we in y'all city tomorro." Cool for how long???
ignore the doubters and negative feedback from those who aren't in your shoes. Time to go eat in Philly!!!!
#mzinga - love the recorded webinar so I can view on my schedule as well as Twitter link for feedback/questions!
Watching photojournalist presenting Manfrotto webinar about her craft. Great stuff so far!
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
#Circuital on repeat today <3 Thanks boys.
It means your pee is going to be AMAZING.
There's this sweet boy who is battling cancer, and his biggest wish is to trend on Twitter. Let's make it happen!
The 'I Love Lucy' episode at The Brown Derby is by far the best thing ever.
thanks! everyone follow this girl!
Meet Brady's biggest fan. RT : if my super model millionaire wife told me to do my hair like that, I would.
Thanks for an awesome dinner last night!
that would be my nightmare. Although I'm not above portapotties or a well placed tree / garbage bin
Eventhough I am a #PACKERS fan, congrats to the #Patriots and
I'm sure the iPhone Instagrammers are getting an avalanche of follow requests today.
starting the 4th season of Mad Men..... I'm turning into an old woman
#np: Teardrops on my guitar <3
thaank you :D
We'll just have to wait for destiny to play its tetris.
I'm loving this whole #Christmas thing!My family has a beautiful tree, wreaths & twinkly lights! What's your favorite thing about Christmas?
Just a look, no reason. I like that cute profile pic..m. Still beautiful as usual! ;)
how could I not every media outlet from E News to CNN talked about it
I say bad. And kinda lame.
"O we're like brother and sister.Just the best of friends." yeah..except you boned.
nothing you are just too funny.
awww poor baby...how u feel now?
afc west qb addition: tim tebow at mile high, jamarcus russell at the coliseum, and ryan leaf at qualcomm
I just wish that we could stop leaving Battier and Miller for wide open 3s and play acceptable paint defense against James.
I can't go on the first....unless you guys come with me....have a prior engagement.
GOODNIGHT GUYS THANKS TO ALL THE SUPPORTERS OUT THERE U DONT NO HOW MUCH MY LIFE AREADY!! CHANGED TI AMO *kisses* #prideISwhatsINSIDE <<~ :D
oh yes you did Sarah! I am so excited. A bit nervous too. I won't lie. But isn't that what #impossibleleague is all about?
Get used to it, Miami. WTF Heat
And Dempster's gem is wasted - so disappointing.
I do have teacher leaders, but don't remember tweeting about it.
Can't wait for the #semtech BOF this year :) //
Thank you Lisa. I'm really sorry about your experience at the Monona store. We are glad to make your day a little better.
When can iOS users access the replay? I'm on the MyPPV page right now and it's just a white box whenever I click on Border Wars
I knew i fit in here! Luv johnny on the rocks too! RT : vodka (or scotch) is the official drink or #shehechat :)
In the end, your success will be measured by the positive impact you have on others..Ready for a great week of training.
Am I an official tweeter if I am starting to think in tweet terms & #'s?
I got money hoes money and hoes
spend time wid ur family cuz it's jazzy's birthday,don't spend it wid ur gf!!!family time is just for family not wid ur gf...
SO I'M IN MY STUDIO LISTENING 2 ROCK CD'S, MAKING MY OWN ROCK COMPILATION & DIDN'T KNOW, THE FABULOUS T-BIRDS HOT STUFF ALBUM, IS THE SHIZZZ
The funny thing is I'm not even going to chicago & why would I be travel buddies with Patrick?
Deal. Fish tacos and drinks at Southbeach in OB some time...
Keep on pulling out, America.
no lucky me!
"If you like it then you shoulda put a ring on it..."
Ohh baby I like it, its so exciting. Don't try to hide it. Imma make you my bitch.
Pretty much feel poopy
iyiyim.d biz ne ?? .d
All i want is Peace in the world x :) I hope that happens 1 day ;)
Welcome to Twitter !
I will honor old prices for you.
Been there. Done that. Not gonna do it again.
Money would be nice, but you don't get anything at all - being greedy. That last tweet was my 1111 & I'm sticking to it !!!
what he say quit playn
Extra ,, university or college based mostly distance learning demands that you manage your specific time and keep inspired
I've decided that there is really no good explanation for tonight's #Obamajam. Only two ways out of the airport.
how yall gone tell me ... cp3 all day
RT : "Your move, Dwight." - Stan Van Gundy
I'm probably the only wanker who doesn't go to confirmation :o
Thanks for the retweet!
Another day, another day of terrorists proving their methods.
“: whaTS good #pvillian” up here in Michigan right now, what's goin on bro?
Couldn't make it to Jose Antonio Vargas presentation at UW? Let me know if you have something you want to ask him.
S/O Thanks!
u said when u get to 100,000 Likes Or Followers? You'll Skype 5 Fans On Twitter Or FB? thanks can't wait for DOAWK Dog Days.
no im not kidding. it was so creepy. hows that not smart tho? its spelled right. LOSER.
So fun to have all these piano teachers on at the same time! :-)
We'll see Chris we'll see
follow me and I can message you some suggestions.
Keep supporting :) they are working hard on new music!
Dark Shadows fans. Did you see it "with friends" ie in a group or "alone/date. Taking a poll here.
#ThingsILookFor ways to get superpowers
Painting the shed I think the color looks good so far
Oh, I won't. Caught up now. Let us know how random Internet folk can help! ^_^
lol man, what could i possibly gain from that? i ran right into it
I might have come up with the 5-Word Speech I’ll use to accept my #Webby Award on May 21. Not an easy task.
thanks for following. I am now following back
Beats > Acoustic songs
"so great at constituent services" and track record shows embezzling funds AND stealing from CHILDREN, I say we need new standards.
Let's go !
Looking forward to seeing you at the race! I'll have my sexy bald head with me too so I'll have to introduce you two : )
True that!
VERY TRUE:)
OHH YEAH IMA SHOUT U PUT KEEP AH LOOK OUT KEEP IT 100
leaving where?
Life is short. Don't make decisions you'll regret.
We approve! May we have one? RT Baileys & coffee for me!!
AFL: Suns, Giants match-up intriguing
Tell me about it!!! RT : When your boobs grow and your shirts don't fit anymore...
Thanks Mika for the fascinating insight into your process and past works. Be sure to check out her pieces at Friday's opening: T-2 days!
Whoa! Look at our team now! We're growing big time.
Thank you!!!
Flux and flloooOOooowwwww ~
I want Brooks Conrad to never get a hit. And to continue to get at bats. Like a hundred. Would be worth the losses.
it's 6:00 am and im up scanning tax docs and transferring $. that's never a good way to start a weekend.
I guess there is really no rest for the wicked, or the intended wicked.
Last paper. I'm running off fumes right now
He shouldn't need to work through things with a 6-0 lead in the 9th. Too many high pitch counts this early for all starters.
You strokin' the furry wall?
Did I Miss You Sorry Ok I'm Writing You Down (:
Decisions. Decisions. I need a life coach.
I thought rain storms were for hippies... God's way of providing a shower!
lol. You're going to have to elaborate. What is that quote from?
the scarf is very fly. I'm digging it too.
George Linley~ Thou art gone from my gaze like a beautiful dream And I seek thee in vain by the meadow and stream.
daughter--my thoughts!!!!
did you ever read the "people who said n----- today" blog when it was running? a very eye sad look at a vast amount of hate
Even if things end up a bit to heavy we'll all float on alright
oh oh oh oh would you rather date me or her
WARNING: Has just digested various high-sugar products; keep your voices down and back away slowly
Whats everyone doing
setting up the home theater appeared easy at first but then...
Just remembered ma password .........very funny
Not that I can find, but Urbanspoon is always a good source to be sure. Sorry I couldn't help more
Bin Laden, Gadhafi, Kim Jong il. Three tyrants down this year. Only a few more left to go.
Thanks for the retweet!
RT : For the first time in 9 years there are no Americans fighting in Iraq.
#GetAustinToTheTop10 you should help.
There you are. Where you been hiding?
Test again GRRR@!!
oh ok
lol damn. Never understood why somebody pretend to be someone else like damn bitch u that bored.
Are you going to Bubbaz in Plainfield NYE? S/O to SEE YOU THERE
Good takes on the radio! Kinsler or Pedroia?
that is too long!
The Website for registratiion is www.edcampss.org We hope to see you there.
probably see you when I come in the other way tomorrow morning
I made brownies to take into the office...that's the way to start a Monday!!
Lol, well u were a Clinton longer so that was by habit. ": I forgot to put my married name up..:-) Im so bad."
Oh, right! Show me a man who isn't criticized & I'll show you a man who stands for nothing.
Tech Luv w !
I hope Titanic is on again tonight. <3
I need to find sum1 to go to the movies with tonite.. Ion wanna wait til tomorrw
Good thing i just bombed that ap calc exam.
All I know is turn up
“And the turtles, of course... All the turtles are free- As turtles and, maybe, all creatures should be.”- Dr. Seuss
Holy cow, seriously? I priced Sheraton at something like $150, and figured W would be more!
I'll always be on twitter ..
As if the 4-0 loss to the Kings isn't enough, I have a text from ESPN telling me all about it to look forward to.
then i guess were not friends? ok..
I miss u 2 marylee! Nobody be gettin it in wit me =( u should just move out here!
#Prowind quote of the day 'If birds were that stupid trees would've caused their extinction millions of years ago' Dave Tokie
The #Bucks close the 3rd on an 8-zip run to take an 86-81 lead after the #Blazers led by 11 early in the qtr.
we went to restaurant and it tasted like somebody's momma cooked. It was rollin!
HANNAH MONTANA IS ABOUT TO MAKE ME BAWL MY EYES OUT.
Guys add me on instagram I promise to disappoint you there too. Yourfavmexi_can
woke up in Port Townsend
34 percent of Americans are obese?!? Such a sad statistic. #obesity And in related news the gym I go to is serving pizza this evening
to prove the thing exists.
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: On the $1 bill you can see an owl in the upper left-hand corner of the 1 encased in the "shield" (Top-right corner)
Life is about making mistakes.. Death is about wishing you made more
Its ok if your not Brazilian. God forgives you.
soo tired, but i will watch austream .. of course :)
Sometimes I wish I had a cute guy to text with..
Damn, these kids get out late.
Music's the medicine of the mind.
Cinco De Mayo... Hmm only yesterday it was quattro de mayo... Makes sense!!
My salon is near intersection of Parham/Broad. Do you know where Kabutos is?
i love glee!!! it made me cry!!
Nice to hear terra firma by on last.fm
En route to Ocean City for a sweet five and a half day visit/getaway w mumford
How many skiers did he pass in the state relay? 4? Wow! Oh, only half as many as your sister.
Read: "Fatties to Blame for Low Organ Harvest!" Thanks for that.
you shush your mouth!
Shoot!...rams scored :(
Getting all dressed up then having ur plans cancelled 😢
We're looking for a designer/wordpress developer to add to our growing team! Send all inquiries to
Floss like the dentist .
Off to the the gym to meet angry Brian. I swear every time he yells at me I want to wet my pants!!!! Maybe I will take him milk & cookies!
We're so excited for the upcoming - Friday, April 6th - 21+ $5 - Backbar. Who's coming?
even form Christmas letters?
So The Movie Jumping The Broom Os Amazing ((:
Need a massage? Who doesn't? On Oct. 12, any Massage Envy is giving $10 of your treatment to to help people affected.
The gods will offer you chances. Know them. Take them.
Hahaha! Agree ": Very few upsets so far. Someone's going to have to take one for the good of the sport. I nominate Duke."
.kitsch (from <nettime>)
Anything with "loaf" attached that's not bread doesn't sound so good.
Thanks for having me on ! Looking forward to Thursday's #redefinepower talk!
cuz he's my good friend okay? hahahah
Agree with you, there's been some anger in #libchat tonight! :(
That was the second time I've watched CNN in the last four years. So there's that.
Never limit what you say and never sugar coat it, for anyone who doesnt like it there is an unfollow button (;
S/O TO MY NEW FOLLOWER THANKS FOR #following back
Already writing more ;)
Book Update Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Participating in today's #BCeTeaching day! Our keynote is Dr. Eric Mazur re: educating the innovators of the 21st century.
have a blessed day ma
is performing LIVE at tonight - Show starts at 9pm!!
It is 2010. You should know to turn your phone's sound off in a mtg by now.
I'm afraid! Don't you need special gloves and other such "equipment" ???
If the group's application is accepted while be determined.
Need some great Healthcare PR Talent to add to our teams!
Thank you for the show, for the heart in your interviews, for your keen cultural sense.
Got a cherry sucker and a bouncy ball in Spanish class. Life. Is. Good.
Dos and Donts of Hooking Up according to DO: be nice DON'T: Be an asshole.
that moment when you have second thoughts about everything <<<<<
One cannot subdue a man by holding back his hands. Lasting peace comes not from force.
I knw too many people buying True Religion, LV, Gucci, weed, liquor & etc but cant pay they damn bills or living off somebody else! Its 2012
Dude... It's not over till it's over. Remember game 6??? If any team has a shot, it's the #Rangers. Their offense is money.
I know
How many mahomies are online now? #RT THIS !
Gee is getting killed.....guess Mets won't win tonight
Hi all! Patty (SMPS Pgh past-president 2000?) with architects Pittsburgh.
"I know the hurt behind your 'lies', said the caddy to the double bogey golfer...
haha i got like hecka active at gym den i was like "oh hecks naw" and sat on the gym florr with chips LMFAO
Car Wash today for youth camp was... interesting (:
woah. I didn't think about it from that perspective. True dat
Depending on the length of stay....Courtesy discounts are sometimes applied.
first album gne b called ... STEPP DADDY AND NEM
There's photoshop, auto tune, & plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
It's just cadets having fun. I thought both to be creative.
It has been decided. The Nomads are heading to Moe Bar for happy hour. Will you be joining us?
I tell them all the time to end their friendship and they don't listen, I'm not helping them anymore when drama happens
Did you find out why he was crossing the road? That's important research.
Seriously txting my bf behind my back? ok bitch.
Life is good, grass is green, good lords smiling down on you and me!
: We need to experiment harder; more performancy stuff is always cool
Movin' on up, congrats guys!
gets her braces off tomorrow!! Woot woot!!
I wish I could exchange my heart for another liver. So I could drink more and care less
so, he wants to dismantle obamacare, which is just like 1 ofhis policies, but takes credit for bailout,which he claimed failed policy
Turn the whole world against me as long as you don't leave!
searching for a Production Supervisor in MARYLAND
I sleep 12 hours day so please follow now and get followed
I look like the incredible hulk in my avi.
double happy easter :)
Thank you for the posting.
Hope you all had fun yesterday..I know I did!
Chinese guy at the leg press: you don't own the machine until after your 150 sets are finished. LET SOMEONE ELSE USE THE MACHINE.
It just was :) and wow. how mean of you. 
Writers: Know any lit mags that like longish short-shorts (1500-2000 words)?
Looks like rates will drop some today. Ten bond is down
Haha Yeah Me Neither!(:
Just beacuse I'm black, it doesn't mean I know how to play B-ball! Not all asians play tennis good! Not all chinese men have a lil penis!
I like the bike, but when are you going to post clips from your ballet career? I miss you!
Ortiz need to knockdown Mayweather can't win by decision. Too much dough at stake between Mayweather and Pacquiao.
That's just the Providence in em
Our wish is to do well on finals and to have 1500 new freshmen come May! Happy holidays!check our blog:auambassadors.wordpress.com
Woo!!! ALEX IS AMAZING is trending!! You all rule for making that happen!!!!
SHOUTOUT to eberybody go follow him!!!!! who ever follows him will get a follow back from me and maybe my followers! :) thanks!
boo dnt u knw kel grandma just hung up n my face bc I said idk whn she can gt hym bc kel don't knw her like tht n e more plu
You know how when you're little you "flirt" by hurting the person you like? I still do that. --> you mean like Chlamydia?
No, I think it's RBNY that feel kids are not MLS-ready. I say giv'em playing time. Thx for catching other edit. Good call.
Man. All I ever think is if only. If only I was more selfish throughout the years; would I be happy?
What can I do? We've all got our junk and my junk is you
Field goal here you probably lose..
thanxs for all the peolple that follow me
I just left my track meet
great fighter, and Joshua says he is so nice and has a great personality. But...when he goes out EVERY girl is all over him :(
It is good to be back! Likewise I look 4ward to continuing our working relationship
No arguments here!
I have my melancholy moments but its really hard to get me down and KEEP me down :) I like me. Sorry
Thanks for listening!
Followers, need your hugs & prayers tonight. Found out today that one of my coworkers died of cancer. Very sad because she & I were friends.
Lol I heard it boo! RT : me & 's song is on right now....
I Would Be The Middle Child If They Were Here.
When people say they miss the "old Austin", I was like "How can you miss something that isn't gone?" He didn't change, he grew up.
I do, but probably not to the detail level you are. And is a spy nut. Likely an exceptional case. I think she is :-)
I'm officially a #Gleek. What a great show. Last night's scene when the kid gets out of his wchair & does that dance number was spectacular.
It's getting closer!
Flipping through channels. Came across a documentary titled "Shania Twain: a story in..wait what is a shania twain?"
A book may be compared to your neighbor: if it be good it cannot last too long; if bad, you cannot get rid of it too early. Henry Brooke...
Thank you! And thanks, ! There was some great competition this week!
Enjoying homemade smoothies and pizza, summer's great.
poetics as paying keen, close attention to words :: precisely in order to misuse them :: to de-privilege language in our relation to world.
Miss enterpernuer where can i get one of your books
The revitalizing reference session is packed! Glad I got here early
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness
of course babies! How about a good ole skypey conference with baby j? 6:30 your time
Raisin canes run with the boys
; feelinn' like throwin' out some of my #bitchmove s today.. Today's gonna be a good day (:
My favorite Canadian. Joey Votto!!!
I can't put my cap on Bc of my tracks 👎😝
Love-> “: Artmaking is an expressive, thoughtful and introspective journey; a healing & visual journey when words escape me.”
I love you babe. Thank you for spending the day w/ me! It means a lot! <3 glad we caught up on things (:
Tacos and tyler both taste good
Seriously... is it something in the water? Global warming? Full moon?
If you wish to study men you must not neglect to mix with the society of children. -Jesse Torrey
Giants Defense >>>
dominant V, lol
Kewl. What Mary Ingalls records are there? Any correspondence?
is going to come and visit you at all?
RT : POLKA-ROCK Friday Dance Party! Copper Box ! Grab your friends & your dancing shoes for an 8:30pm show.
No doubt! You bring the juice and cookies - we'll bring the blood.
Don't get me wrong, #TomBrady's a greta quarterback too, just not as great as
#Igottafeeling tonight's gonna be a good night.
It's even stranger when those who want war can't point Israel and Iran on the map.
Don't have time for ppl that are one way to my face and another way behind my back!
What are drivers of economic growth for Massachusetts in next decade and what should state/local govts be doing to support them?
Lacan on Science: "truth in its specific value remains foreign to the order of science"
in the age of endemic simulation and simulacra, fake it till you make it?
cold weather / seasons changing is great for songwriting. period.
"you are a fox!!!" thanks danielle n mayilu.. Likewise mamas
Live Mas? Good on Taco Bell
But once again no promo for the next episode. :/
Word to the wise: PomX Iced Coffee packs a hardy caffeine punch. I'm reeling, and the 2 hardboiled eggs in my belly aren't absorbing squat.
I don't really smell that great...
“: You can't break me.”
I'm ready to raggggeeeee!!
How much do you think the suspension of Sean Payton really effects an established team like the Saints?
Could the last part of that answer be " .... There is one born every minute" ?
Do...Does Donald Glover come out in the best coastour deal video?
If more is better and less is more then less is better.
Incredible Super Bowl halftime show.
I'm experiencing finishing-my-book-sadness I'm going to miss these characters! Any other #writers go through this as they finish a #novel?
I went bowling without you:( gutterball misses strikester:(
Usability wise I find the beecamp site obnoxious too, but design wise am somewhat impressed at the concept.
How is your Monday going, world? Mine is pretty awesome!))
<3Your beautiful and crazy to baby thats why i fell into you<3
Somebody, please tell me something interesting.....
Looks like we're evaluating a Weimaraner and a retriever/Pit Bull terrier mix over the weekend. Then another Weim early next week.
we're glad you enjoyed!! come back soon :) maybe tackle the pounder!?
I am so proud of the energy of the fans at the
So, what did you PDX advertising peeps think of the new #Roseys format last night?
since someone isnt going to text me,its nap time(:
wow rich folks even take cheating to another level, no FB or Twitter trolls for them lol
Any chance of getting a last minute ticket to your sold out event for flook co-founder Roger Nolan?
Love doing online schooling
Who do you think is the most underrated band??
Going to bed at 9:30?
When my Ex and I got bored! We'd make bets make it interesting and take it to the court!! 😏 so much fun!
I'm listening to Peter Bjorn & John's song "Young Folks". We don't care about #OLD Folks?? Is this #Boston #SEO #News theme song??
seriously?i was fo-reals about giving you a card !
Also, this evening a general Study Away Info. Session at 5pm in room 5 in Annenberg Hall.
Less than an hour left to enter our giveaway!! Don't miss out on your chance to win a $50 Muse gift card.
she made her Instagram private? O.o
So if your not doing anything this Saturday, stop by #F&H & have a nice cold one with the Fox ;)
this is soo bad.. im getting addicted to Degrassi :/ last time i got addicted it was in the summer but now i have finals.. great!
Jonah isn't quite 6 month's old, but I've already picked out his 10th birthday present! I'm gonna finally stop calling him my old dog's name
The key to conquering IKEA on a Saturday is getting there when it opens. 2 kitchens & 2 baths + oven in less than an hour.
Social media gives customers access to an Immediate global broadcasting network
Ha! Yes. I don't have to kayak to the laundry room, but I can, and it's way more fun than walking!
My hotel room in DC is amazing. Might never leave!
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad A White Dude with Bad Credit and a Nigga Mentality...lol aka ED I.
Since "my kingdom for a horse" no longer really applies, I'm going to start saying, "My kingdom for a 911 Turbo S Cabriolet."
See you all at the tomorrow! Last Summer trip.
The Pontalba and the Clemenceau were fantastic. We'll be back for brunch soon! cc:
buttons! I like!..oh how I miss thou!
Not ashamed to say that I just got lost in moundsville for a good 30 minutes #oops ☺
Just occurred to me that you have a CF8 upgrade lic not a full lic. That's why its asking for CF7.
Exodus begins RT instaport.me has crashed under the weight of people trying to export their Instagram pics. It's like a bank run.
me too. we must hang out.
Any idea when service will resume from Albany (Hudson) to NYC?
thats right kid, don't mess with me
#16andPregnant makes me never want to have kids especially when the father is a bum
thanks for meeting with today! I'm looking forward to what we got in store...
I'm following you. Ha! Thanks for the "Dennis the Menace" reference. I haven't heard that b4. :P
-- at the crescent moon / the silence / enters the heart #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
happy April fools day!!! what pranks are you planning today!?
crazy dreams
#notlike me and get your partner Heath we will play doubles
There are two very hot movie books right now. The Help and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
I love my freind Bianca she's such a good freind :)
its good to be back on the west coast where weirdness reigns supreme. : )
Thanks for the good time Friday. Awesome playing there for first time. Every person on staff was ultra professional. scott j
I just want to live my life to the fullest and have fun im not trying to be a "rebel"
happy belated birthday and thankyouverymuch for the follow...
no idea, but sounds hilarious -- let me know if you find out!
Up here wit' my baby brother headed to cracker-barrel! It feels good to reunite with my family that I haven't seen in 13 yrs. I love It!!!
i hate people who blackmail so unattrative
important question: am I a purple person???
Can't wait to see Rise of Planet of the Apes tonight! Awesome technology and great reviews
shout out to Matt Langhoff, Caroline Weir, Drew Barker and Morgan Sink for the being the best friends on this planet.
i dreamed that jerry brukheimer cast me in one of shows....i'm believing in that!!! :o>
Ha indeed it is!
The Life of Riley is alive and well. Rehearsal went well last night. My fav words from the script, "Pooch Face" and "Saccharine Lips"
Birthday dinner with fam
Jus realized that my time management skills are horrible.
Do I spam people DM box?
If your brand isn't good in real life, it will suck online. Andy Ellwood, Gowalla
Santorum says to Puerto Ricans they need "the gift of English which is the language of success in the United States." Hey Rick: "muérdeme"
Why yes, I am quite creepy when needed.
AW!!! That's so sweet! Thank you! I'll be sure to tweet to you on the days when I need a reminder/pick-up :)
LOL at how I busted my ass today 😝
What's wrong?
Hunt: with respect, I think Holbrooke was bested at Dayton, by the best. There was no civil society there.
Haven't been this tired in a long time. Since, like, at least yesterday.
I freakin love my mommy... jus to let y'all kno she jus called and gettin drunk jus like me!
#ThatAnnoyingFeeling when someone is in class talking while im trying to study >:(
Going to check out a new gym today. Time to get crazy fit. Long journey ahead of me.
Im sure you sen this coming... Are you #TeamWallace or #TeamLewis ? ;D
#favmoviequote I invented electricity. BEN FRANKLINS THE DEVIL
Revolutionary Cleaning even provides reparation services. 866-970-2532
Had a great Friday. ☺ love you💙
We were not selected. We haven't played a show out there in a while so it's understandable. Working on the new Rosella now.
you truly have one of the best and strongest singing voices I've ever heard. I hope you do more songs with #botdf ♥
"take life with a grain of salt...and a slice of lemon...and a shot of tequila"
The Heat is my TEAM!!
Cherif Bassiouni is a serious badass. Favorite line from the NWU panel: "I've talked to Muburak on the phone...."
Damn Yankees.
's BBQ Crawl features 4 stops (for 4 people) but we couldn't answer the bell on the 4th. and #Otis are the best hosts!
#AskBieber how many songs do you have to chose from for believe?
awww why NOT??? ur an attractive guy with ABS that should get u like everything lol
Indians and White Sox in a rain delay...EVERYTHING SHOULD BE A DOME!
Off course you will! You will get paid!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways be the bigger person in the relationship and make things right 👌😍
Blah blah blah Lakers suck blah blah.
that shameful moment when a joke about your mother gets pushed too far.. what a day.
You've got to learn to live with what you are.
RT": I think I jacked my knee up stage diving for NormaJean don't tell my band" you may or may not have chipped my tooth haha
Space boots on, ready for Tom Sachs with rockstars this AM at Park Avenue Armory!
Just woke up but still sort of tired :/
because that's everyone's business how long mother's bf. *eye roll*
I love how practically all your tweets are to me. I CAN'T WAIT FOR MY BIRTHDAY!! :D
are looking for teachers- singers, songwriters, mc's, dj's and graff. CRB n experience. holla .uk
Drop the I Word - How is the word "illegal" racist? Show your passport when you're hopping the fence. You're Welcome. Be LEGAL.
You are officially entered! We will announce the winner in a couple of hours! Thanks!
It allows you to level up and be promoted after each experience
Tonight's Megamillions is at $363 MILLION!! I bought my tickets, how about you!? HP
I'm with you on that one! RT Mondays should be optional.
You are so melodramatic!
#Weather Forecast for Thursday Night
Working!!! I Lov money
Hey boys!!! Joshua Ledet is Ready for Love, y'all.
Wow. How much of time line on Facebook involves you... Wonder if you ever think about me like this? No... I know you don't.
sitting on couches with wives
I'd like to see at vs wing takedown at the / event
Temps are coming down ... This will be MUCH better for #Ragnarchi race on Friday
Good to meet you!
awesome! Soon it will become habit and easily adopted!
RT : #bigdataweek hackathon:we started by downloading 21.6MB of data, by now the derivatives take up 2GB in R Dropbox folder
Ok, I just jinxed the Packers. No more cocky posts.
Jared sullinger did not want to do that interview. I'm sure he hates answering the same stupid questions over and over!
Wow, this is really a great article. Thanks for sending the link to me.
thank you mommy!
Thanks (re: MUSE)
CHECK NEWS ON OUR WEBSITE FOR AN INSPIRATIONAL. -- Baldinger
There's a dog barking in the class next door...
For non-majors? There really isn't one. The Rosen is sort of an option, but it is probably still too technical ...
I Miss You always reminds me of 😊
Is there a problem with the website?
#Barker, The Regeneration Trilogy. Evocative historical novels examine shell-shocked soldiers, class, sexuality, war, poetry in WWI Britain.
And I've got 10 anonymous accounts... coincidence?
“: A real man cries during the notebook...” A Real Man Doesnt know what "The Notebook" is....
#OldSchoolWednesdays only Get over the #humpday as aka Digital Underground hosts another all #hiphop night!!
Follow us at we have got exceptional pricing and service and will match any other quote.
Alright Northern California.. Our interview and live performance on KCSS FM starts in 30 minutes.
Could the weather be any more beautiful? WOW!
I think you spelled that wrong lol, not my real dad but like your the daddy?
a lot of times we hear, "we were thinking we were done having kids after #X, but now we have X+1 and we definitely done."
Unfollowed man. Not because I love football but mainly because you're acting ignorant
don't like it when I see guys with floating caps ?
Is excellence the universe in focus?
#prayforjapan Stay Strong and God Bless!
When you were all talking to me in the back of my car after that Knitting Factory show.
Tonight & are off HOONing the #Dart, so is stepping up to lead tonight’s #Motorama LIVE!
Arriving late always makes the day seem longer, for some stupid reason. As per Quite true, I think.
its all good...we live and learn...but iv just been trying tosave up to open up an ice house on the 1960 area...soon I hope..
There are Coke machines on the first floor, towards the front of the building.
A shout out to all of the Brides and Grooms and grooms men-how many of the wedding party can you stuff in your Photobooth this wknd?
Your girl is in my next show, OVOXO.
We listened to Eminem in class.. o.o
#NP my fav Band- The Kings of Leon
Did P90X2 Base and Back for the 1st time and guess who I saw on there? so wild I know her but still haven't met her yet!
Thanks for the support. It's very appreciated!
I like eating cereal almost as much as I love eating dick.
hash tag it #Lunaswedding or don't tweet today.
When I heard about beautiful, bald Barbie, I was expecting something else entirely.
New plan: going to watch the season premiere of Shameless and House of Lies. Try to laugh my way out of the Steelers loss.
notice how awesome ends with me and ugly starts with u RT RT RT RT if you want a followback
Drinking a cold one right now. Just got off work. Hell yeah!!! Bottoms up! Lol
Damn straight.
Hi!! How are you? I'm doing great. Congrats on ur engagement, ur baby is the cutest ever. See you on 7.21.12 for the wedding :)
Forgot my socks, still logged 5 miles
+1 RT : i wish i could play basketball while having to poop really bad as well as kobe does
Already got my kid rockin the Grenade New Era youth Snapbacks. He's the pimp of his 2nd grade class. Comin in spring for you guys
hook up!!
You see, I want to know who the mother is, but I'd rather the hunt went on forever than see it end.
3/31 @ Frankies: This Is Everything, Floral Terrace, The Air I Breathe and more. Come hang out! All ages, drs 5pm, $8 in advance.
refers to paper character wrote within the book! Clancy is pretty with it tech wise but fairly violent, not sure if I like it yet
Maybe with the blow to the head, he will be able to say 3 French Hens where you can understand it.
Totall Recall, Commando, Running Man... A three way tie for my favorite Schwarzenegger movie.
I think we should get sparklers for the #MuseoSpark chat on 5/17.
A night in Paris @ The Anchor Club NYC...... Coming soon ...
Buying shoes makes me happy
Man I been laid up for 3 weeks from surgery not doin sh*t & I'm still goin harder then these mf's at da gym WTF r they doin? REALLY?
lol I told you them hormones gone ware you out lol
Humor is the best form of healing. I wish I could make myself laugh, but when I do laugh...it feels great and it heals..most wounds.
Hey all you california folks. Unfortunately due to reasons beyond our control our San Diego show tonight at soma has been cancelled. FUCK!
How You Think I Got You Someone Got Laid Off!
I almost know the whole lyrics to the song and I only heard it twice. it's catchy (;
GO BLUES!
Audi is trying to sell a car because of headlights?
We cannot turn a blind eye to issues just because "people are gonna do it anyway." Ideas have consequences.
Life may get in the way but I never let it stop me.
please scan/email, fax or drop off the graded copy so i can enter the grade
Valdy ‘warm and comfortable as a wool sweater’
i can go for a ham and cheese sandwich (:.
I can't complain. I had fun & s/o to everybody who came . thanks
Happy Birthday to you big bro!
beautiful day to get out and
Sleigh'r: Malts Sweeter Than My Dog's Heinous Diarrhea.
The power is out and there goes the #bulls game. I know half of Chicago is ticked off right now.
Why, yes, I AM thinking of taking my belay safety test.
can't even fall asleep too amped for demo day tomorrow. Had an amazing time. Thank you so much guys!
Hell yeah I love crazy ass tweets making me weak.
Zecons Minecraft FUN FUN Time Adventure Thing Day 1 - Starts Are Boring - hole saws for wood
i think my friend is gay:)
Another night of no sleep...
But would love actual librarian/archivist/historian (i.e. not just the genealogy community) help + feedback on the project.
s/o for the follow
's leaving texas. leaving his friends, his all, for us. appreciate it. Proud of Austin <3
Movers &amp; Losers: March 2012 - Chicago Tribune
- I'm happy to say that you are the winner of the ticket giveaway for this Saturday
Winter is coming - the Adirondacks are all decked out in fall colors.
Everything that comes your way comes from thoughts & your thinking makes it so.....Happy New Year 2012! Smiles Love Always Dominique Nicole
Aren’t these pundits using Marketing to put forth their opinions? Way back when I learned Marketing there were 4 Ps of Marketing
#42 &&& what would be the first thing you'd say to justin when meeting him ?
LOL if only i could play violin... ;D
Happy birthday 2 one of my best friends Tracy!!!!! Birthday #s/o 2 Hope ur day is goin great so far!!!! Can't wait 4 2night! :)
haha the suspense is killing me!
never had a client use repousse yet!
Watching the last episode of Battlestar Galactica... It's been a long time coming!
really ? text me love, tell me everything .
Hope everyone is enjoying the beautiful weather. Call Progressive for all your residential and commercial no a/c or no heat needs. 325 0180
yeah cant wait til training camp and family night ill be out there
the day will come when I'm pregnant and you'll have to accept that as my mama
aww that's so sweet of you to say that ;)
I was gonna metro my happy ass there. LOL
400 Followers by the end of the day? Let's say yes :)
I can't tell if it's good or bad that the night I can't sleep is the night I have an extra hour to do so
#ILoveMyMom because she's awesome and does anything for me and its funny when we fight :) happy mothers dayy!!! <3
Baseball will make a comeback with the hipsters. guaranteed. its got all the elements. 1. Most people don't like it
Tweet tweet tweet
I bought Van Halen I it was the best damn record I ever owned...
I used wikispaces (free & protected). My students liked it and I'm planning on using it extensively next school year.
*big smile* #sohappy right now.
Watching some guy playing catch with his little brother. This is one of those few precious moments in life :)
Angry librarians are obnoxious. I get it. You're angry.
Great specials and great hoops will be on tonight. Come enjoy March Madness !
A PT in my gym thats worked here for months talks to me today, "anyone ever tell you that you look like Superman? We all think so"
Still soar AF! But umma GTO In Today's Game!
Fri&Sat 3/19-20 Live @ TwinsJazzClub - New York City's David Gibson, a vital player in the present and future of jazz trombone.
How is it possible that my stress levels increased since summer began?
#Undercutting is shitty business -- PERIOD! DJs, Producers, Engineers, Promoters, Models -- no respect for cheesy business!
If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you are right. ~Henry Ford
feel better! so worth it, ya look hot
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!70
#NewFeds tip2 - prepare for the unknown. Brush up on areas you know vaguely
I swear I live for my hoodrat followers
hears a notification get excited if someone texted you, turns out it's your phone company.
You gotta be following us if you want to win a Free Beer Party!
Bulls playoffs game 2...D.Rose is out...what do the #Bulls need to do to pull a W 2night?
#tiddybears and #freecaulk what an awesome night.
Thanks for the tweet, Jenise!
this NDC 20 % off clearance is so clutch right now
what do you do for lead generation?
Not too bad. Rode 2.37 miles to my sushi restaurant. may not be much to some, but for day 2 and getting used to it, I'm stoked.
Do you live here in the #Texas #HillCountry area? If so, what do you love about it here?
Hey Classic Rewind posts are showing up again (at least over here). Shit what is the deal?
very deserving!
Yeah for getting up at 3:00am for a movie tomorrow
Singer Gregory Generet on stage @ Shanghai Jazz, Madison #NJ & the food is fantabulous.
OFFICIAL SPRING BREAK PARTY SCHEDULE.THESE PARTIES AT THESE VENUES ARE INCLUDED ON THESE NIGHTS AS PART OF THE RED CARPET VIP PARTY PACKAGE
Book launch Hotel for Congrats Jan Bozarth(GirlGames etc).A must 4 all girls! www.fairygodmotheracademy.com
product looks good. Price is just more than budget I was given.
man this is Exile from reverbnation. if you still want to collab email a link to your reverb account to
Who's going to Detroit SOUP tonight? Our studio is upstairs. Let us know if you want to stop in + say hi.
Is love reality or an illusion?
Advocacy work, not lobbying when: testify, discuss broad issues, doing nonpartisan research, self-defense lobbying, influence regulations...
Would have been nice to have all 11 B1G teams in a bowl game. No thanks to IU and Minnesota... ;)
Not surprised at all that there was a Plan B commercial during the Jersey Shore.
You're NEVER too late.
Hi Michael, the message on your page won't go through. Can I email you? or email me first at
Got a weight on that mib? Looks like it could be either clay or porcelain. Yeah, I'm a junkie-replying in CRM class.
seemed right up your alley!
I hope you follow me one day💜
where in Hawaii are they?
those XIVs were my first Jordans.
Come out to The Legacy (14th & O) at 8PM to hear the Matador Singers perform their 2nd annual Christmas concert! Merry Christmas!
I wonder why, while talking about the TSA body scanners, the news blurs out the faces of the people getting scanned but not their dongs.
Bring your best! Be inspired & inspiring! Leave them better than you found them. :-)
pics or it didn't happen ;)
The noises puppy English Bulldogs make...very concerning! LOL! I've been told all is well with him tho
I only watch it because my wife makes me...and because I'm waiting for vampire girl to attack someone.
I don't but I believe I have video of a reverse that "I think" at the time (very long ago) U said was the first u ever pulled
after jammin out with my headphones all the way up,I think I lost some hearing..not good.
Had a long day, 5 days till I go back to #NY to see my family. Lots of #ChristmasShopping to do still!
Danny's party.
what the **** is wrong with you!!! Your the ugly one stop it!!
“: Feels like it should be Friday...” totally agree!
lots of love and lots of happy birtdays. best birthday ever <3333333
My name must taste good? cause it's always in your mouth(:
Great to see you and - really fun chatting at #BwayGodspell with
Its Friday! That means I accept all invites! Invite away, I never IDK!
I will be so glad when this baby comes in the Fall! I am sick of being sick.
Hello. :) ~reaches out to shake your hand~ :)
Sad to hear is moving on. When I had a miserable commute at my old job, he and made it manageable.
surprisingly, you're the first one to mention this. Oh, Ariel.
wedding season has started. heading to wedding 1 of 4. #weddings (@ Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD) w/ 33 others)
Nice! Break a leg! R u modeling?
Happy birthday to
Building Communities one home, one family at a time.
loving this LA sunshine. Have a good fucking friday everyone
Hey Greg, shout out from the Midwest. Are we going to see that kid cloud design posted by Plndr? Going to Vegas & want that tank!
It is summer! We had NINE groups go out last night.
In 5 hours, the Christmas will commence...leave that bourgeois stuff at home, time to have some fun!
I feel the SAME way.
My Boo Boo is so beautiful 😘
Hey jetsetter! Wish I could have seen your pretty face in da big apple, miss you lots.
tickets to see your tomorrow with the #HotFacebook5At8 keep track of ALL 5 songs for your chance to WIN! Good luck! :) - Chase
Respect yo size, respect yo swagger
“: That's great news!! Heard the guy was evading the cops?” He was indeed
First stop today #DropkickMurphys can't wait!
The absolute number one LOVE of my life, you know how we do... No one can ever take your place.
Gingrich is the king of zing
Just do what I do when I drink too much after a win: dance and leave threatening voicemails on Kansas fans' phones.
Planning my 25th.. Got my eye on a cruise.
Happy Father's Day! Dad's rock.
has an audition for a musical tomorrow... oh, what song to sing?
- fuck a dress , grab the jeans . !
My mantra: THE BEST IS YET TO COME!
Almost had a panic attack because someone thought my PR exam was right now... Thankfully it's not until Thursday!
Meeting with a client to deliver CA photo ID. Since we have his cert. birth certificate, we can now go to Social Security and get the card!
Reading about the new NSA mega-datacenter. Big Brother is officially here (actually it has been for quite a while).
You got to be worthy to get our attention
or Oklahoma City or wherever. Ray just knows how to win.
ion think u need a ticket.
i figure two swigs should be slightly more than 1/10 of a beer. That's all I could stomach.
My desk looks like a freaking pharmacy.
&Vero don't forget I introduced you to the SUPER PAC! 1phone call to Linbeck&Perry you 2 will be selling I <3 tshirt again!
cool. Healed up quick.
all day err day haha
Perfect rainy day for shopping Woodholme is having a summer sale! Where as Harbor East has and
This is the story of how I went from an M to an XS by doing nothing but let the world grow around me...
Going to bed again..... sweet dreams..
Are you gonna be home at 5:30 or 5:35 PM
Lol, it was his faault! He cut me too shortt!
NEXT opens this Wednesday! Buy tix here bit.ly/NEXTtix
Love the pic and your profile layout! :)
dj pepper ann??? Lmao.
listenin to som hot ass beats right now
Thanks, buddy; I pillaged your followers
Once again, Phil Mickelson shows why he is the Peyton Manning of golf
#himym i am speechless like what just happened?
Me: Doesn't Mike Brown look like my dad? My Mom: No, you're dad's uglier! Lmao
Can't wait! Only 20 more days!
oh thanks! It was great seeing you last night at the show!
awl I see
Going to after work
My standards are impossibly high. But the romantic in me still holds out hope.
Raiders of the Lost Ark
or the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse!
What's good DE? Money & Weed is going nutz right now!!! Working on new joints for U. The tracks are soundin CRAZY!!!
sorry to hear
is there going to be another season of family jewels.... My parents love the show been bugging me to find out..
If I were I wouldn't even have a twitter app on my phone.. I would just use mobile twitter to tweet and creep every now and then
can't go wrong with using Rare Vos (one of my favorites!). ham/gruyere/rare vos ..wow.. makes me hungry!
Sarah's Key! Great fiction based on horrors of Holocaust!
Going to see Avengers! Hope it's good
I always see something odd happening in this neighborhood
Boston, MA - need females for shoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
It's a must try. Made me miss the hood's prime lunching coordinates!
I just changed my twitter name! now it sounds less like my first hotmail email address and more like my name
Nope, just google watching you.
Finally.. IT'S FRIDAY!!!! :D
Pickup Line: If you're going to regret this in the morning, we can sleep until the afternoon.
I miss julissa right now, these kids are weird af.
no. I'll check it out. Online?
I was figuring on taking more like 90%. Since you are a writer, howabout a storyof your life since you left BHS?
Sunday playoffs pretty excited :)
dumbass!!! That's not my twitter name bobo!!!
At Jimmy Z's! Miss this place!!!
I understand. I wish we Christians could give the perfect picture of the One we represent.
I miss them :|
I hope they do lay an egg against Iowa State.
When I first moved to LA actual tag line in ad for LA bus system: "It's getting better on the bus."
Fantastic new Hayes Carll EP on iTunes of his recent SXSW performance. The song One Bed, Two Girls, Three Bottles of Wine is classic Hayes.
A very cool beer drinking man from Ohio is now following me. Guess who....
oh weekday work...
Just applied for a bunch of entry-level editorial positions with ! I'll be keeping my fingers crossed!
Is that LIGHT I see through that window??
Big Announcement: We have a US star name who will star in Season 2 of Vegan 101 series. We will announce who it is shortly.
Zoe Johnston & Audrey Gallagher . If I had voices like these. My life would be complete. (: Lol
Cool thanks! Of all the hard work what is most important to do?
WHAT? Are u okay? What happened? :o
editorial slog, Round 2. This is a definite exercise in keeping my Gmail folders ultra-organized!
"How much do you pay for rent?"says my new barista. That question would be rude anywhere else but LA.
Nothing? Since Vikes were born Bears have won 1 game (one only 1 occasion) more than Vikes. 1 SB title vs 4 SB appearances
good luck with that
Welcome to all the new followers! Hope to see you on July 17 at Argo Tea, Adams and Dearborn at 8am!
This changing weather is leaving me sick and my lips chapped... lip balm to the rescue!! :)
Saw Dark Shadows yesterday.... It was awesome! But missed online in the process... :/
"new generation of...college-educated young adults...are replacing the ranks of older librarians" We weren't college grads before?
it was a blast getting to know you but you had another guy closer to your heart than me...thanks for letting me get to know you
busy makin move er day er day! 100 dollar plates soon!
the pleasure is all mine. ^-^ RT its a pleasure c:
Wow the new Philips AmbientLED light bulb lasts 22 years!
RT : TURNOVER....The Bulls Offense Now Takes the Field. LET'S GO BULLS!!!
RT : The muse must be used or she will abuse=> that's a tshirt for writers if I've ever heard one---let's hope yours is amused!
Hey ladies, not every picture you've ever taken needs to go on instagram.
Yesterday I saw the "Hunger"...hm...I don't know...I need to think about it...
Honestly I only ever check my Facebook to feel validated
DailyDeal fail: no business can sell $50 of product, for $25, 1/2 going to Groupon, so biz gets $12.50 for $50 of product? Not gonna last!
I live in Kentucky! :) Where do you live? :)
my name means star of the seas........
RT : 2/3 of parents follow video game ratings—are you one of them? Download their mobile app to check game ratings...
...Vivienne just responded to Victor. Just sayin'.
Web site is up and ready. Be one the first 100 pleople to register.
we can't wait to see you!
KTWV (94.7 The Wave)/L.A. got a mention on the season finale of NBC's "Up All Night." What's your fave radio shoutout on TV or in movies?
“We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.”~Kurt Vonnegut
Good morning! Happy father's day to all you dads out there.
Learn about min invasive facial rejuvenation at a free seminar at the Mermaid Winery on 22nd St. May 3 at 6pm
Rudeness is a sign of weakness
On our way to Kentucky! Band van fun starts NOW!!!
Nothing makes me grumpier faster than having to rewrite someone else's bad copy.
I love Jason Mraz!!
Curry Lane?
i want my signed hat...~ okay...
Every time I hear Provost Lerman speak, I'm struck by how eloquent a speaker he is - and how visionary. Lots of great ideas!
So ready for the #nfl to start!
Putting My Ass In My Sisters Face ;) >>>>>> Lol
I'm not exactly a poster girl for healthy living
Youur already in a bad mood and someone comes and says something stupid
& I just came to the conclusion, that some how, same way we gonna blow a lil purp out there. Lol so excited for the trip! (:
RT Love is an Action. If there is no movement to love, it is only a grand idea. Action gives love the proof that it exists.
Next up: our own Randy Bass on "The Recentered Curriculum."
It is James' birthday today! James says that it is too hot to BBQ and that it may be too hot to drink beer! Hell has just frozen over!
It's Friday!!! What are your plans for the weekend?
Define your committee structure in advance and recruit to that. Don't just randomly ask for volunteers.
I've been doing my epic chores and just leveled-up. I'm a Level 4 Swarthy Dwarven Toiler now!
New iPhone
Oh crap, I have to go to my other shop to cover there this afternoon. Well that sucks. I do not miss that place.
Colin Tait (): De Niro's collection/archive features his script notes -the "actor's authorship" evident on all pages
#808Pride next girl who tweets sayin he doesnt love love me << is gonna get sliced (JK) U NO UR #Beautiful & U DONT NEED A BOY2 TELL U DAT
Hey there Natalie, nice to meet you! How's it going?
heyy :D I knw almost a year D: & im straightening my hair :) & u??
Not sure I am too comfortable with my pitcher's name being "Homer", but I think Bailey has the stuff to be a seriously good pitcher.
:o omg I dunno what?
if ppl say tht they will follow back...go and check how many followers they have...and if they r following them if not they dont follow back
hells yes man! That was a good time.
Thanks Kim. Just sent your resume to several teams. We are traveling this week, but will be in touch soon.
I'm so in love with love... Literally
O hA I'm turning 20 in four days
February Issue of ZINK Magazine featuring my photography comes out on Feb. 24th!! Don't forget to get your copy :)
No doubt in my mind where you belong. c:
love the #Starbucks new store concepts in #Seattle!
Wow that's happened to me before I just hate dating it's so confusing and now the who wanted to kiss me is texting me ugh!!
Woman:Ay Red Light ! (Italian Accent) Pauly D:Oh Sorry !! Rofl !! :D
doesn't sound like anythings wrong to me!!
#artsummit art is communication tool to show women as powerful factor in health, not victims
I wish you could automatically know if a person doesn't like you or thinks you're annoying so that time doesn't get wasted on them.
I Cheated On My Fears, Broke Up With My Doubts, Got Engaged To My Faith And Now I'm Marrying My Dreams...
RT What's your favorite kind of bird? Wrong. They're all terrifying.
from his new line: "The Colonial Aristocrat Collection"
What if you woke up today with only the things you thanked God for yesterday?
Thank you for coming! We had so much fun wit all of you ladies last night and congrats to your friend!
Haha, thanks for all he quick thoughts. I panic before I click accept on big trades. Upton was dealt
she taught me everything i know about being awesome on twitter.
Thank you for the follow Kara!
Well, #newt not just lawyers but also any other school will tell you that what you're studying is the most important thing.
RT : Houdini ya main squeeze she disappear she's a magician ... Mmmmhmmm
Trade Wade for a serviceable point guard and high first round pick and draft Davis lol
Nice quote :)
Now Amare could possibly miss the rest of the series because of cuts on his hand. UGH!
Zookeeper is 50% off at borders. Must be a terrific film!
Gerard Way, Ronnie Radke, Andy Biersack...so many... people.... my list is huge
Show last night was dope!
Good point. LOL
because yolo.... And someone told me avicii would be here
Hook never gets old.
STFU! You're annoying.
RT : The Christian who has stopped repenting has stopped growing. - A.W. Pink
Cooler weather!
Big dog day yesterday. Zoe came home from Weim Rescue, attended adopt-a-golden gala sponsored by Manheim & Cox
lol! I know they're expensive! $130 here!
Can't wait to sleep in Sunday and Saturday....thanks Comcast
Working and watching "The Voice"
ann wait text me we gotta talk
What do that storm from last night and the cops in Project X have in common? They were both too late to stop the party.
Competition? Why yes I would love some :)
my family and friends and thanksgiving(:
Jesus shut the fuck up. No one cares.
Imma put it down you gon fall in love
I wish!
you're homeschooled?
thanks love, I miss you
This is the most awkward car ride ever !
GUYS GO C WAT RIO2productions commented about justin on slena's new vid! ugh! jerk
you kinda look like ! Twins
Maybe this year will be (even) better than the last. See what I did there?
rosen: impressed by how many libs are working with student-created content
haters rctill gonna hate no matter what they cnt accept olppl for who they r so they hate on thm
okay youve been disagreeing with me this whole time there's no agreeing with you lol
Success is not measured by what you do compared to what others do, it is measured by what you do with the ability God gave you.
I took AmTrak from Boston to Oakland once. It was a long trip.
This week: Endorsed by the Pacific Southwest Association of Realtors!
looking good on store fronts!
she, is fine as hell
So over them,
It smells; poop(;
. Glad for that, my friend. I thought an IED had gone off when my cell blew up.
The Amanda Show is a TT? Those were the days... :D
Trolls, never forget that #walker came to power because of a recall. Never here a peep from you on that.
Congrats to chef and BASH'r Greg Dunmore for making top 100. Nice work. Now beat the Rink Rats on Saturday.
Happy #IdesofMarch! Alert: #Business taxes are due today!! Did you get yours done?
BDS is PLEASED to tweet with you. Document Prep, Profes. Services, Nursing Tutors
Does anyone know a Mahomie younger than 11?
I need to finish this so I can watch this game.
Closing on our new house in less than an hour. AH.
Thank you very much! Have an awesome day everyone!
I had it made today at Lids! Dont remember how much tho..
Health Tip for the Day: have your kids sing the "Happy Birthday" song while washing their hands to make sure they're clean!
"If you believe you can, you can. If you believe you can't, then, well you can't."
Is it still a hate crime if its their personality that makes them unbearable?
thanks!! Feel free to join the group! I hope to check out one of your shows soon!!
Yeah this job gone be easy
haha I'm such a bad student tho. I already have 19 absences
thanks for the follow !
Tell me how you gone breathe without me .
What's missing....
Omgg so sick right now
yes, was in the middle of one when the powers that be pushed for a TV pilot n script.
“: Meryl Streep won the Oscar, she didn't have to wear him” Thought the same thing!
Vitamin D reduces back pain!? (and Osteoporosis)
My avi is now my eye, lol.
hello from SoCal and thanks for following.
that's cool u into joggin
When we hit 650 likes on Facebook, we will post a new cover song with Jake and Jenny! Let's get this done by Valentines Day! <3
 Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit 
I just wanted to say I'm a huge fan. I'm sure you hear that a lot, but I just wanted you to know that you're awesome.
#kendallto3million I'm telling everyone I know to follow u!!!
Thx 4 following! Facebook April Lakergirl Bynum! Check my fan page Apriss The Model! Click LIKE to support my page!
Why is Twitter so addicting. Seriously.
I bombed on the cd joke
involve motor bike
Join us today at 2pm for the Artist Talks with Collaborations IX artists!
I shall see :) gotta check them out!
Happy Birthday !!!
Massive Internet outage affecting ~lots~ of libraries right now. You bet that gets our phones ringing!
If you think positive you will enjoy life so much more.
Norfolk State! Wow wow wow...down goes my national champion pick, but this is what March is all about!!
So many tests/quizzes today! :/
Before This Was Texas, an-in progress showing- TONIGHT @ 7pm
Awake. Sober. A doctor. Pleased with your choice of hat.
And at least I cleaned my room! Time for some rock and roll. I love
Thank You Justin for literally keeping me going in life. You have no idea how much you've impacted me.
Dang this week has gone by fast! It feels like Tuesday to me
this is brutal
I just took the best nap ever! I even thought t was the middle of the night then Stewie's voice abruptly woke me up & I freaked out😡
I MISS YOU TOO. U NEED TO FIGURE OUT A WAY TO TEXT ME SO WE CAN CONVERSE. Live profile?!
I don't have enough followers to be posting questions and shit lol
Taco Bell
San Antonio is watching these two teams and licking there chops with today's show. Come on Grizzlies!!!!
Something big is coming September of 2013. Stay tuned...
swabbing the poop deck
It took him four games to get Jeremiah Masoli's name right.
why haven't I followed you until now...?
I can sit for 5 min intervals every hour to eat/pee etc. Needless to say, I'm starving ;)
OMG this is amazing! I haven't had delivered pizza in quite some time!! RT : Hey look! GF pizza from Dominos :-D
Who needs a boyfriend when you have a best friend like ; love you so much boo. Thanks so much for everything.
Saturday ... a day of chance ... let's see where it leads
Giving away Noah's Ark tickets all afternoon on KISS FM. How sad is it that I've never been there! LOL
= Portland! another favorite :) comer say hI!
nice to meet yhu
Anyone else think the words "vassal" and "vassalage" should be enthusiastically welcomed back into the public discourse?
lol that's so true, I didn't want to be the one who said it.
Great! Look forward to having you! :)
watching it!!!
welcome to Charm City...Do Work...
I am Indian and they are Persian!!
Thank you very much! I think Janina is a really nice name as well! Yes, direct message is fine with me. :-) Ladies first.
#stupideocstomorrow ugh not looking forward to tomorrow.
Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise
that was a football trophy bud. Do you watch
That Awkward Moment When You Sing Along To The Radio And Forget The Words...
I love
Pleasure skyping with yesterday about Maryland's broadband initiative connecting the state Ed institutions w/ fiber optics.
i have to curl and pull it all over to one side then myface has to be fixed then i put on my first dress lol :)
Went on a walk and ended up stopping at wienerschnitzel for a chili dog
It's not that I can't. I just choose not to.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice.
15% either parrot NSF language, or have a general statement about "encouraging data sharing". 5% have policy.
Hey Yogie! How are you? Great new cover!!!!
#BeVIP this Thursday w/ & #YoGotti at
One more script to read and.
Tues they tried to start it in my section. I wanted to push the bitch over the rail. Blocking game.
dang. I just started though!
y she yellin
An inaudible Dick Cavett. RT : Translator for Japanese PM Noda sounds like Dick Cavett.
hahaha well better than nothing!
send me two faster paced ones too so I can have 3 on my joint
Come by anyway - there are always no-shows!
LOVE IS LIKE A BOXING MATCH,U HOPE 2 GO TWELVE ROUNDS, BUT IN THE END IT TURNS OUT 2 BE A 1ST ROUND KO.
