Keep reading your essay and finding new reasons to love it.
Laugh lol lmao that is funny
Instead of watching the Republican debate tonight, I watched "Beginners." I chose wisely.
Monday Motivation: "Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear." -Mark Twain #quote Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
I hope everything is okay for you love. I know what your going through if you wanna talk (: My uncle's funeral is Friday <3
I've not had to look at those stupid (often offensive) Twitter trends in a long while. So much better.
Tried keeping my head up all day..even though i feel like crying right now
You Have A Ustream!?
Here is Poised Creation's link to all the major music industry news! goo.gl/8pGIe
Limited Edition "SNO" Shirt's Get some they are going quick!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
College enrollment gap for 2010 greater than 10 percent: among high school graduates, 74% of women enrolled in college, 63% of men.
#bloodforge looks interesting too.
Someone help this headache go away
Off To Bed. *Turns Off Phone
Taking Haddie to her first baseball game. Come on #Clippers, give her a reason to ring her bell.
u said u wish u could sing like mariah carey
Lets go #Rangers!!!
that's certain event bro
There's a Yolo county in California. I should move there because #yolo... JK
Nothing wrong with a straight up pizza pie. Pies are $8.95 during HH
Kings speech drinking game begins now
I don't know what I want, so don't ask me.
Guess there will be no more procrastinating on my holiday cards now that #comcast outage has left me without interwebz
Just got home
Can 't wait til Twitter is hack proof.
Congrats! Wishing you lots of blue!
One of the most important ways of getting money is the form of direct advertisement method. www.millionwaystomakemoneyonline.com
ugh new york times magazine this week ugh
Simply offensive. RT : Best part about impending summer: time 2 whip out the Bud Light Lime & Miller Chill.
We sold out of vendor space!
Seriously? A freaking snake?
I had em winning, but Purdue deserved it
happy b-day Erica!
Last season's 1st no-no was against the #WhiteSox, Liriano of the #Twins on May 3.
hey Ryan, I head this little rumor that you are following people, so what about me?:) Love ya Ry<3
Making a hall pass
At work #BORED as fuck.
"It's 420, we should start smoking ...these ribs so that they're ready in time for the community BBQ."
Countdown till the 12th
I am so excited to see in LA!
A project for work, how are you? Culture concepts is looking good.
um so brantley gilbert is performing on july 14th, you and i have to go
Pisses me off when guys don't have common courtesy.
You can't always get what you want but if you try sometimes...and by try i mean hold people at gun point, you get what you need
Classinthecity.com launches (softly) in just a few hours! Suggestions happily accepted over the next week for how to better the blog!
Welcome to Twitter stud;)
nice. It will be warm here but it has also been pouring.
Beautiful day and I'm going to school
18 days and I graduate college. Yea boi!!
4-2 #dodgers. #pirates put in new pitcher.
it's okay we cool
Office Depot Hits Estimates in Solid Quarter
It may just be me, but it seems that something is really bothering Tosca.
The moment when you walk into the wrong restroom.
get older friends
listening to music, hbu?(:
I forgot to mention that the $.98 price is for the paperback. Can't beat the #novel's #markdown!
thanks boo!!! <3
oh, absolutely. And then a reliever can get one by throwing one inning, or even one pitch
join showchoir they said. It'll be fun, they said.
Just got word that Baltimore City's newly created open-data platform is almost ready for beta! More details VERY soon!
Club Nikki open Vodka Bar tonight from 1030 til 12. LA's DJ Sourmilk is spinning on the ones and twos. Hit me up!
'08! “: When starts playing Burning Up by the J-Bros >>> #throwback”
hey you there
Its my time! About to prove why I call myself Future of Music :)
Lets see a hat trick tonight against the Hawks!
Winky the cat helping again in the art studio... paint brushes are delicious
big things happening with in the near future!
What is wrong with people??
First time since start I've woken up to a gigantic bruise on top of my foot. Doing it wrong, or finally getting it right?? Haha
world premiere!!!!
hey thanks for following back... :)
I hope you can recover from this injury and be back next season
Did you know? - When you buy from a family owned local business 40%-60% stays in the community.
Starting a new side project today that hinges a major piece of functionality on x-direction scrolling. Cool or awful?
RT : Library Data Geeks! Anybody know of any publicly available mappings from LCSH to DB/Wikipedia?
I'm so disgusted with dwade rite now
I'm so sorry about Angel! Feel Better<3
thanks. hand't heard of anyone recruiting just for long snapper
yea I was wondering where u were!
Minnesota History Center tonight!
Got some tasty White Burgs on deck??
Im not to bad, how about you??
Sometimes Facebook confuses me. Stop pulling fast ones on me. k thx.
A little worried about how sick I am, 3 a.m. booty call & I didn't bother to answer.
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide Taiohae
Good Morning World!!!!
Today is my non belly button b'day. I am a toddler now celebrating 2 years. Walking steady. I am blessed and thankful. Year 3 starts now :-)
Good morning. Only 36 minutes until polls open. Vote ROSS FOR SHERIFF - criminal justice reform, public safety, crime down, money saved.
Angie Hicks from Angie's list starting her talk
Medical Chart Notes : Large brown stool ambulating in the hall.
Any Fab Flea Finds to share with us? Hope you made it.
i honestly don't know lol. But i dye my hair different colors,listen heavy&techno stuff practlically everything,tease hair
Stay tuned. We will be making a number of exciting announcements over the next month.
The walls around your heart may protect you from situations and people, but they close you off from your inner guidance.
Maybe you could be mine again
Awww yeah that was a rough way to go out! Doing well. Really enjoy my job (bonus!) We'll have to catch up sometime
run! comon! the more pints the faster you get!
Hailstorm that came out of nowhere
What a performance by the Badgers. They clicked on all cylinders today.
A moment to say THANK YOU!!! for what u do!
Congrats AAF Oklahoma City D10 Large club of the year!
Just saw the downtown fiction on e news... haha what?
thanks to that clutch homer from Rios. I hope to see more of that.
I'm blasting off to mars and you know I'm not stopping
CELLULITE & CIRCULATION: • dry brushing • Organica Jane's Natural Hand Remedy • Essential Oils of Grapefruit and Cypress • Exercise • Sauna
killed tonight!
how so?
It's awkward when a gay citizen doesn't support marriage equality.. You do have the right to your own opinion, but maybe you're confused :)
Time to take a poll- Who has ever been in an online relationship that turned into a real relationship after you met in person?
Thanks for sharing I love that video you sent me. Have a great workout and a blast at the show tonight!
RT : BRONCHO and will be releasing a brand new BRONCHO music video on Cinco de Mayo! Stay tuned....
lol smart girl
What does the biggest name in HS hoops (Andrew Wiggins) & current 76er Jrue Holiday have in common? Both played vs. St. Ed's in high school
I think Brad needs a haircut! Did he even wash it before the red carpet?
It's #smallbusinesssaturday -- shop local today!
Happy Birthday !! :)
When you dream about work perhaps that is a sign that you are working too much. When will this month end!
shoutouts to u bro. I see u gettin it and that slap contest was hella funny...
I need somebody to save me from this big bad earthquake that is supposed to happen soon!!!?!?!!? :(
Hi, Joey! What's up?
RT@ Mike_Wesely: "Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." ~~Leonardo da Vinci. via
I love you...and your beautifulness.
A lovely breakfast at Macy's Coffee House. How mountain hippie chic!
Wow, I tried, but oh well.
Always a good decision!! :) This is the 3rd day I've had eggfast! Lol not healthy at all!!
I NEED TO READ A GOOD FAN FIC! which one is it? Link please? :) xo
has been off the hook since 9pm. Mardi Gras is insane!!!! You rock
Thanks! RT : Best of luck!
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 21
and an inaccurate job description for all : "If HR ruled the world ... It would be a better place." ;)
come out and watch the avon drumline perform at the high school today!
Watching Reds pregame show.. They mentioned UK coaches being at game and you could hear lots of cheers in background
bet thhat bro if you know some ppl let me know bro..preciate the luv
Most women want a sensitive man who is also a leader
Open the jars and smell for yourself why we are the best!! Open till 9 no appointment necessary! $5.00 on our pre-rolled joints :)
First snow of the year forecast for the Portland area tonite. Who out there (non-PDX) already has snow on the ground?
sorry Lil I just had to
So true!
": I want a person who comes into my life by accident and stays on purpose."
I was wondering if you would be the one to answer this. :) Thanks, I'm prepping for a Twitter class and looking for examples
Timbers tie 0 - 0 against Columbus. Did we won one point or did we lose 2. Time to evaluate the strategy.
Success is like going to the gym. It's a lot of hard work at first, but in time, its gonna look and feel good #Legoo Get In The Gym!!!!
Great effort!
the internal paradigm is also a barrier. even w/ $ planning and evaluation is restrictive in complex environment.
Definition of insanity - doing the same thing over and over again, while expecting different results.
just incase ur not in school tomorrow can i has ur gym locker combo? lol
That really was a good play though
Do you mean the go go global & makura in Chicago? Very nice
Happy Cinco de Mayo weekend!!
did you get it?
Thanks George Bowers!!
I was sketchy about Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner, but he knocked it out of the park.
i really, really hope you are confessing to being leroy jenkins. that would be amazing :)
Well, It's official. Just had to pay for Gmail. Ran out of space for the second time and don't want to delete anything important.
Waiting to greet as she steps off the and then we'll be flaneurs Mood ring: a perfect Sunday groove.
The 3 C's of life...Choice, Chance, Change. You must make the Choice to take the Chance if you want anything to Change.
Worldwide, it is estimated that about 162 million adults use marijuana at least once per year, and 22.5 million use the drug daily
Interesting stuff, How about WK 3, NYG on the road vs CAR a PK, then WK 12 CAR a 7 point road dog to the Eagles
Altered reality check: bid to take Kony campaign to the streets goes to pot - Sydney Morning Herald
True story RT : Writing when you don't feel like it is HARD.
Goodbye twitter, will miss you a lot more than you imagine :"(
haha not ? Whatever :D I hope it isn't bad that I write to you :) whaddaya doin ?
It is absolute heaven to work in a building with a ... Coffee and Blueberry Scone to celebrate Friday!
Just Woke Up From A Cute Jittle Nap :P
That's what you get for being Mr. Quick Mod Responder!
no. That's 17 responses to the page. Those aren't the sigs. All of the previously received are archived. Check email.
I'm assuming you love him, too? He's amazing.
I go in at 2 to! Lol I know. I'm about to be at work early af so I'm going to chill with her for a bit.
“: Lets be clear.... This is No COUNTRY for slandering Jordans & Cargo shorts!!... Now back 2 your regularly schedule program.”
Besides me #Who Up
Man kids are expensive! Maddy's lucky I love her because she's costing me a pretty penny lol
just realized about the gluten free diet - check out 's New Grist. It's the best gluten free beer I've had.
ok but your last name is french and uou have blonde hair and blue eyes..... hmm “: i'm columbian honey :) x”
folow back ya.
CHALLENGE! Let Fit2Go be your Re-Solution. Write the name of your friend on this wall post and get him/her to “Like” your comment and...
in a hard-hitting investigation, the NY Daily News found 1st Class n Priority Mail are the SAME THING. So save urself $4 and go 1st class.
Enjoy the book, get ready....your faith will be challenged to new levels! ^staff
holy shit. you got it in with fernando"the shit stain" and getting hit on by russel in one day lmao?
ANTHONY MICHAEL HALL told me i was beautiful <3
Ooh I'll check out now. Thanks for the tip! Hope you're doing well!
I think the narrative is fed by NCAA coaches who claim to be inspirational leaders of men, write books on how to live, etc.
's #startup competition tomorrow May 3rd at -- check it out! innovative #startups on fire the whole night!
thanks for your interest. We're working hard on getting distribution in Germany. Soon!
ain't no worries
It's the nation's first cloud that brings public data from the City of Chicago, Cook County & the State of Illinois into one open portal!
You really thought you could talk to me like that hahaha
Considering naming my firstborn child after a fine establishment which I discovered, post-reading, in Lexington KY: Hugh Jass Burgers.
you're crazy!
Hmm...I feel like telling some jokes.. lol
Certain Death 1.0 Tournament Now in Session! Hosted by Gunmetal
In order to shine outwardly...you first have to shine inwardly. Whatever you lack on the outside you can usually find the problem inside!
OH at the #dianegoodman event: "Is the lovely Dr. Goodman in the house?"
Had the women at the gym change the channel to jeopardy.
Attended Mass at Old St Marys
Okay, I don't care how small your cock is as long as you have a nice ass. Asians usually do.
(A)u want to make love or (B) walk away » u dum bitch ugh
he like but
I'm doing better now. :)
Every opportunity is once in a lifetime. Second opportunity is never the first.
Remember this morning when I said I was going to write? Just getting started now. If I laugh I don't cry! Lol!
I did! Searsucker pants boy! ( )And the matching zombie cake? Who gains weight for a wedding?
My newest great realtor Ashleigh Vasi wrote, "Be like a postage stamp- stick to one thing until you get there."
Yo, bro. Can you talk tomorrow? Around 7 pm your time? We got bigi time biz to discuss.
Sometimes family will screw u over
aint heard from you in a hot min just seen the pics from stl you looked like you was killing shit wish I was three though
I left my device at Beekman. Need to come get it.
Any suggestions on where to go for #chicagocraftbeerweek?
Your threat of exposure has won the day.
I know you're just puzzled. & I'm the missing piece..
shout us out!!! We are doing cinematic music videos for $700 ONLY for the month of February!!1
Ha ha. No worries. Thanks!
I'm pretty sure you have alot ti say!
Why is this clinic so busy at 7am!?
Found an unused giftcard from three birthdays ago. Hello, dipytiqye fragrances and Shisiedo serums!
Many people in what has been a lively late night crowd are calling it good after that 4-run half inning.
Damn you ! Waiting for Diablo 3. Site is down.
Stop the Flop!
I just had my hands all over Gerald Laird!
That's what I am to you? Crap... I would have said my Facebook Friend! or wife's ex-boss! ;) -
Refs already a factor in this one. Just like last game...Davis hit with an early touch foul.
- at least 1 benefit of Moorad not taking over re: Petco's shorter fences. On-field product MUST improve!
listen to WendyRobin @ ITunes!!
We need a good #abq cover band who knows how to get the party started for March 4th!! Send your links and demos ASAP!!!!!!!
Willis and doodleberries
Or, as the SO says, at a hooker hotel on the West Side.
streaming #Amaryllis #shinedown Amazing so far!!!
it ALL sounds good to me!!
Perhaps. I think Canelo/Cinco De Mayo weekend combo inflated buys. To what degree? That I don't know
Basant Montaser, Egyptian woman: "Women are 40% of Egypt's pop, but form only 2% of parliament."
Woos to tha hoos. Ha ha. I'll have to use that some time. RT : many woo to tha 'hoos in 2012! Woo hoo!
Bwahaha true that. I was thinking of from We The Kings.
is a beast...go chiefs
have we moved 'professionalization' outside of grad programs? I think it's reflective of our culture+
hey how are you :)
Total turnover. WOW Quick.
what do we have to do to win the passes??
#ff the amazing (my lovely wife)
M-Audio AV40 Monitors
In Settings>Mail select your Gmail acct. Account>Advanced>Mailbox Behaviors, what's your setting for Deleted Mailbox?
is a #kungpowwitch brewin up a lot of
That didn't look good. RT : NOT ANOTHER INJURY!!! Does God hate the #Brewers??!
latest Sun Magazine is terrific. Chock full of 175 years of stories! Special shout out to Stoop loyalist David Ettlin!
#FF | USC's University Club offers hearty & sumptuous meals for our #USC faculty, post-docs and senior staff.
piano man was one of the most chilling performances I've ever seen. And I've seen a LOT
Never got so many phone numbers in one day
haha I know I'm great
LOL isnt following anyone at all.
Hey my sexy dread head
I hate seeing something or finding out something you wish u hadn't
POOF BE GONE....BITCH!!!
you know I never had to run game, I was/is straight forward.
#Reggae Tonight! At for with (4519 Santa Monica)
54 degrees n IN n the 1st week of February, very strange weather since it just doesn't seem right, I need my snow & sledding time :(
UGH THIS CHILD
ROW: Maiden voyage for young rowers at Saratoga Invitational WITH VIDEO
Good for Harang. RT : #FormerReds pitcher Aaron Harang has allowed just 1 earned run and 4 hits in 8 innings for the Dodgers.
Mad at me dnt knw y want to fix it
My head is throbbing. Too many shots last night. Wahh 😱
where have you been all my week?
Too much energy and time is wasted on meaningless things that we place way too much value on that's not justified in God's eyes.
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend. - Albert Camus
Don't want to go to work today feeling lazy O_o
is trying to be my pimp or something lol
A term I've heard a lot recently that best describes how I feel about Facebook right now: 'stabby.'
shop at my mall www.fhtmus.com/indirawilliams thousands of stores at your fingertips!
I just dropped off a huge bag of candy at school for my daughter. She "needed" it for a project. Am I gullible or what?
you have to look to something that gives u strength. I lost my nephew in August to cystic fibrosis
The word struggle is the understatement of the year
thanks for following us! Please let us know if there's anything Phil's Friends can do for you. Blessings on your day!
I just made myself breakfast in bed. Take that, busy people!
Indiana is shooting over 66% for the game!! I sense a regression towards the mean coming in the 2nd half.
Heh, good to know it's not a total bomb...kinda want to check it out myself.
another time!
Letters to Juliet is the new Notebook I loved it!! So grateful for my own true love story and can't wait to go to Italy!
Just because I drink strawberry smoothies, lady who gave dirty look, doesn't mean I do the horrific things that went through your head.
how was your day Niall?
Enrique Iglesias new on the rap scene. He's going Ruben Studdard on the game.
Have you heard the new John Mayer record yet?
no kidding! Who do you think will go home?
We will be giving a t-shirt in one hour! Today is Dia de los Muertos--tell us how you are celebrating and RT for a chance to win!
Trains are cool as long as they are not in your way. At least the brew game is on.
I wrote you a motherfucking essay in the journal xD
My momma is on my nerves. I feel like all i have is myself.
that is the sweetest thing someone has ever said to me. ever. 😍
The Republican clowns seem from another non related universe! It seems like they live in a fantasy land of their own invention
LMKasprzak re: CMC -- exploring Value Proposition written from clients', not consultants', perspective. More difficult to write.
I am now looking for sound people on twitter
I'm already a serf to my cat.
Happy New Year from the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon!
He is we is playing on the radio right now that truely made my day
Briere and many others forget that talking w/media is part & parcel of who they are. They sure like to talk when they do well
Save room for dogz!
Get rid of dandruff by letting your dandruff control shampoo sit on for 5 to 10 mins
Do you guys think we will ever get a new album from Lady Phoenix? I hope so, but I'm starting to lose hope. Hope they come back with Kasey..
Watching the news while eating lol
Good afternoon beautiful people
What not to wear during the NATO summit
I'm done trying.
it says I am
Oh yeah!! *cue flushing sound*
Megaupload's death means Swizz Beats will officially help reform the Ruff Ryders with DMX
u coming sat!?!?
But...If World Peace forces a bad pass into a double teamed Kobe hes an idiot right? Its a double edged sword...
...no I wasn't. you said that earlier! remember!?? :)
#ESPN "Chink in the armor" is at least a phrase that is actually used as slang. Not so for the use of "gook."
Short notice alert! TheatreSports practice tonight at 7pm! Now THAT'S what we call short notice...
Great chat over coffee this morning with can't wait to host a killer charity golf event this summer.
Aurora farms with the g in a bit. See what that finish line has in store
dude, glad everyone is ok!
Come to Uruguay someday PLEASE?
#UnfriendFriday this Friday? Let's sing karaoke, miss that <3
well send them in right away! be the first to impress
we gonna see big dogg. He ballin now but he doesn't always like the 4th quarter lol
5 more days
Allegro Dance Company is seeking one male dancer for two performances in Wheeling WV --visit www.allegrodancecompany.net for more!
We do it straight like that
Design proposals are expected to interpret the themes and values of the Olympic movement with Chinese style, culture and spirit - Zhang Ming
On till 7 then gonna try and roll by. You going?
Check out new designs at www.ruthlesscultureclothing FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $50
Thanks to everyone that participated in our recent contest. Congrats to Nathalie Harris for winning our special prize pack!
I love that movie we watch it every Friday
Common Sense Fitness. MindFirstFitness.
Great 5k today. Got done before the sleet began. No, seriously!
So I guess the Clippers just came straight to San Antonio.
Polishing up on the chops I need to call a Drummer buddy,ok to play to a sequence but playing with a Drummer with feel is 10xs better...
Not sure why I got so excited for 's gift with purchase. I have never in my life worn a sarong.
Dude.... french fries inside a burrito... mind-blowing
There is a Tolberone thief in my office... and I will find you!
"I don't charge by the hour because gunfighters don't charge by the bullet" Roy Williams
Talking to a straight friend about gay anal and he's being very attentive and respectful and asking good questions. >>>
inquiring minds I will dm you
Gonna make head bands, Pony tail holders and flip flops tonight for my bestie. (;
Hee Hee! Not quite, but I don't really want to go anywhere today, especially because I live in Minneapolis!
Hello bay-bee:D
Terry Riley? Juan Atkins? Aphex Twin? all early dubstep.
The "Girl"
Totally agree on that comment
If #Mavs indeed ink DWill, would that increase their ability to trade for Dwight before summer of 2013? Or no effect at all?
=] I Hope that maby i can see her around when im there i REALLY DO WANT TO MEET HER :o
We've Been Having Some Decent Weather Lately :) Can't Wait For The Summer !
Today's takeaways: JFK did interns b4 doing interns was cool, 6 raw oysters = 1 weight watcher point, Whitney still not funny. Good night!
um the mangos are good this year in Florida too
“: growing up never got 2 shop @ non-chain bookstore or even a chain bookstore for that matter.loved borders they r closing by me
JKLolz Show Two | Fly FM
Checking on dinner reservations for Valentine's Day. Good luck with that kind of late.
Fuck the police
It sucks to see the people you care about upset. I love you so much You know I'm always going to be here for you. Bfffl❤
The guy at valvoline said mice live in the air filters of cars outside. Literally the worst news of my life.
Yes! Left work almost on time today, so this is what it's like to be home before 5. Totally gonna listen to records & maybe make porcharitas
Can't it be June already?
One woman hurt when ex-boyfriend fired shots in apartment. No word on if she was shot. She was taken to the hospital. Info 630
congrats on the design internship at ! they're lucky to have you
Been thinking over you over this series (youre the only Flyers fan I know)
Just participated in a social media #mpwebinar with the #RPO team! Excited to try out some new tips!
What a very VERY smart football man you are. Johnny Unitas MUST always be #1 for anyone who knows anything about football.
There is a donkey for sale on the company message board. $625. There's a joke in there somewhere, I just can't seem to find it yet.
Got Stuff? FreeCycle! Bring in something & take something home. Good condition only & nothing too big, please. Sat, Jan 7 2-4. 791-4010
Bitch Im The Man Dont U Forget It
A man who killed 2 people in FL & threatened to kill executives at an office in Framingham was arrested in Louisiana Wed morning
Who's going to be there when I need someone, no one right ?
Hey Everyone! Looking for a SUPER deal on a 42" Plasma TV? Check out Buddy's, they have them for 21.99/wk.
I really wana get my hair to extreme platinum
my man!
so you could say that i'm hopeless<\3
Only limited amount of sample kits still available! Stop by booth 35 TODAY (early) & get one!!
RT Applied for a job in NO and already got the call back. This move is looking better and better. #RMF >good luck
lol I really don't care bout mothers day my birthday is a WHOLE different story lol
some lesson like shittsssssss and people of listening to him also like shittt
88-69 #West on top of the #East in the #nbaallstargame Let's get it
It's nice to see you back in action. Don't let the Somali girls get to you...
About an hour in...How do you think the Oscars are going so far?? Liking Billy Crystal??
I know right. As soon as I saw it I was like, OH MY GOD!!! IM NEVER LEAVING YOU, YOU'RE MINE!!!!! Fell in love!
The soul would have no rainbow if the eyes had no tears.
Congrats bro!
On my first break. I think I'll enjoy working here.
is sexy a'f! Just sayin.
lol yup,so make sure u make interesting conversation 👿lol.Nah I didnt either but they got murdered lol.u done wit school?
please lend your powerful voice to help keep fighting to end #ChildSexualAbuse. We've been at it for 15 yrs!
drove down several one-way streets today... the wrong way... second day in a row
and let's not forget the car key situation... lol
maybe YOU can't. JUST YOU WATCH.
Alright. I may finally break down and get an ip simply so I can have it at work to test functionality.
watching Alice in Wonderland : )
The way I see it, most things in life are a love it or leave it scenario. There's really no need to over complicate it.
I got 2 styrofoam cups & guess what's in it? Well I ain't gotta tell ya, you gon find out in a minute.
Why are u all pushing Tents down our throats? We don't want no Tent Cities! #no_tents Tents are temporary!
Thanks for the #WW Love!
I'm just relieved you got the reference.
I hope I stayed up watching this game to see a win...
Yesterday #desperatehousewives series finale and today the season premier of #Bachelorette ? I'm gonna be so tired tomorrow 😔💤
Yup, they're still on the menu! Come try them soon. RT : do you still serve the red velvet twinkies?
Follow she's amazing and follows back!19
um, no. Any other options?
Watching DC United play Chicago Fire, 0-0 in the 16th minute
hehe I miss ya to ):
they're showing up as x for me, too.
it could be a better one than I anticipated. Cotto needs to be patient.
Welcome Josh! Hopefully you will get to rest sometime soon. Tweet us if you need anything.
NEW MUSIC SOON!!! GOT A COUPLE FREE TAPES FOR THE PEOPLE COMIN!
Thanks for the mention!!!
Damn havnt bin on dis for a long wile aha
read between the lines...
#IWishYouKnew how much you mean to me.
But where did the weekend go??
heard you wanted to get down with the calendar... hit me w/ 31 beats -at- GMAIL -dot- COM is the addy
Awesome meeting Jamie Castro (casts Greys Anatomy) today...so pretty and nice...great name too!
so i can get hopefully both Super Street Fighter 4 and Ultimate marvel vs capcom 3
I wanna figure out how to mash together #GlenCampbell style country With #HipHop. Anything is possible. We walked on the moon.
This mom literally just said, "if I'm in the car buckled before you, you're grounded."
look how cute they are
had fun with you and everyone who went lazer tagging today!!!!
Friday?! WOAH, I thought we were leaving on Tuesday!!
nope it's called "feel so close" in our music system so #nofail :)
There was no such verbal agreement.
2/3: We are witness to your unfailing love. They are truly blessed to have such dedicated and loving mothers fighting for them.
At the Birmingham, AL airport. Just saw a crew of pageant girls, all about 6 years old.
What's up Jack! Go stock up on some #GreaterThan & show us da proof and we'll see what we can do. >
- it would probably be in your top 10. Same designer is doing the new Olympic course in Brasil.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all
Q: #feed9b - All are great, inspiring challenges. But how? Given (for example) WI's recent $250 M cut to base budget? And federally?
Staring at my background and realizing how far has come and how grown he's gotten.
Good Morning Everyone!
My dinner is disappointing. I hate that.
“ It is that deep.”
Really sad. Think I've lost some files permanently. Hoping will help. Need to rethink my recovery process.
Happy 1st Anniversary hun to you and !!!! Hope it is the most magical day for you both! Luv you
If Walker wins on June 5, the soap opera not only goes on, it grows worse. That's a powerful argument for Barrett.
Haven't been to homeroom in years..I now remember why...
Fans of NO RESERVE! have been following me on my personal Twitter account. This is new, about the band, and music, and all things creative.
#CentralOregon Call when ur out partying. They get u and ur car home for cheaper then a cab. 541-636-0101
I changed? I'm the same person I've always been, except I trusted you before
No matter how fat, goofy-looking or ugly you were, you couldn't make a rap album in the 90s without a crazy sex skit
the job of a politician should be to maximize the number of people who he includes when he says "we"
michelle dot maltais at latimes dot com
wow I just rented this...Hahaha! Love THE KILLERS:. Curious to see Tarkovskys version:-)
Hey Toni is it ok if I pick my wages up on thursday?:)
*uncle comes in with my grandma a plant for mothers day* Grandpa: I thought that was you I saw on the side of the expressway 😂😭😂😭
Endless opportunities for volunteering.
Watch out, Erin! Conversations with K tend to result in uproarious laughter.
GOD is good all the time.........aint nobody gone say it back....
I never knew that could sing :o
Thank you Patrick! We're excited to expand on what's already been an top notch experience w/
An exclamation point for a $0.02 drop? We've been trained to think $3.78 gas is great.
Last class before the weekend! ;)
dongle *snicker* luckily, at #CodCon12 #wearealltwelve :)
I get that you have Wisconsin envy, you can't beat the Packers and your alma mater can't beat the Badgers.
I still want to marry because he's still fucking perfect.
I saw #TheLuckyOne trailer,it brought a visual to what was in my mind.. I cried through most of it & in awe of love scenes
We received them as a gift from a guest :) They're made on the Big Island :)
Could they give an anymore obvious term for shuffling around in dirty old shoes than "juffle"?
YOU GUYS. CUTTING EDGE IS ON NETFLIX INSTANT.
So freakin' excited!...and hungry. RT : La Parada and wedding invite caucus with and tonight.
$PASO Patient Access Solutions is dedicated to quality and service within the healthcare community
Getting pumped for the concert tonight!
thank you for that comment! especially important b/c in programs like Drexel's, you learn zip about archives... [1/2]
Life can be fun when you spend it with friends.
Bro-ad trip!!! (see what I did there?) (see?) (genius)
Pinch me ! I am out from under Mercury's retrograde and woke up to a special surprise so right!
We r stoked to be playing Key Club, gonna be a blast tomorrow night!
HULK LANDSCAPE!
RT : “: The first city in the world to have a population of over 1 million was London” WOWSA! Good ta KNOW!
5 Trends that Will Shape Small Business in 2011 : Marketing :: American Express OPEN Forum : undefined
Hey!! Not tonight! I will tomorrow every hour from Noon-6! :)
leave for England tomorrow to see the folks.
My head is poundin
Follow us, we archive #GOP idiocy hypocrisy and stupidity.
@ what y'all on today
and don't forget to brush up on thirstos for Thursday night's B/SM event at Turner Field.
Had an interview with Ameristar yesterday. I was hired on the spot.
No one ever won a fight by being a bitch....ijs
Almost at 200 followers!! Keep spreading the word about streamline apparel and Like us on Facebook!
Wish I could RT
oh what a sight that would be.. But you can't do that with flabbs (;
wow! When did chris masters return?!
Awesome! Beer School is always a great time. Thx for asking!
Victims blame, complain, justify and make excuses. People with good self esteem take responsibility for dealing with things as they ARE!
Looks like "Santa" has a lot more wrapping to do -.-
nice. Have a great day.
Sometimes you really do need to sweat the details.
you're getting old
blue skies, flat water and stupid cold. Nice paddle just the same.
I never took a quote from you. I never hard of the quote you mentioned. So why you attacking over something I never did??
We will be entertained???
#SomeWomenCantStand not being right
Happy Easter!
'Tis true: am having dinner at TGIFridays.
Love how every morning I wake up to my neighbors blasting music. It's entertaining because I heard different kinds especially reggaeton.
I love how our little Eva prank helped bring you & the real Eva closer together, haha. No need to thank us 😉
so it turns out it was another issue with Zendesk.. boo. We didn't get notifications for your ticket, but it's working now :)
The independent medical examination (IME), along with the deposition are generally the two most crucial events in an injury case.
Courage the Cowardly Dog!
Oops!-Everything's ok world won't end manana. My sister assured me world will end after Oprah's last show on 5/25/2011!!
. is a great pilates teacher. Also, pilates is hard and those machines are a little scary looking!
Skull rings, eyeliner and a violin. We are so ready for David Garrett in Reno! j.mp/qQimco
My girl && I workout like crazy because we don't play around lol....my fiance loves it when I workout :-) :-) :-)
#WHATAFEELING Being the reason you won
. notes: "The odd thing about imagined futures is that they so often resemble the past." So w/future of scholarly publishing
Hotdougs with my bro
have you ever wondered why the sun lightens our hair, but darkens the skin...
Mixing down Ghetto Blasting while I wait for to get to his session
thank you!!
bloody mary in the evening??
#ff Congrats to on his award-winning Russian Imperial Stout.
Enjoying session on how-to videos by and her sense of humor in presi at
what it say
SOUNDS COOL
I'm bout to change up on these niggas I want a whole new line up..... these niggas is not really yo niggas on my mom
Yay Christmas break
AW SHUCKKSSSSS ☺ I LOVE YOU TOO BBYYY 😊 p.s. ; I hope I'm not scaring you with my caps lol
tried my first vegan restaurant yesterday and it was great!
They will say Morley next year. Haha
YOU ARE NOT CHOPPED LIVER. Cause I like you and I hate liver.
"Don't know why these guys keep trying to 3bet me when they're not willing to stick it in." b/c they all 3Bet super light?
I'll take you for one :)
One reason the BCS was started was to get rid of the whole co-champ biz. But, if the Olympics can have co-gold-medalists, why can't CFB?
Thanks! We will contact EFF if it comes to that, but I think the situation is being resolved with diplomacy.
Horny!! anyone else? Comment or tweet with me???
Imma create sushi art like never before
Thanks! nice Twitter background !!!
brave, brave, brave, brave, sir robin :)
day 3 of being tobacco free
he was there last year. So cute. I think he has a book out
libraries: doing this for years! RT A4: Businesses...can/should join forces to oppose mandatory data retention
Im tired& I need some inspiration! CAN SOMEONE WAKE ME UP?
I want to leave Earth and come back as This guy is a boss
Finna dye my hair lol not all of it tha
Trying to figure out something new to do with my hair.
Now you're yelling so I have to!
Senate Education Committee hearing beginning. SB 576, charter school accountability and access bill, to be voted on today.
I miss you too Lisa!
#BREAKING: false alarm on dead body along Naito Parkway. officers say it's a overdose victim who is still alive
Qué bueno! Where are you thinking of studying abroad?
OMG THIS IS THE WORST!! BTW did you see Oprah do the Tribute for Whitney!! Loved It!!
When you @ mention someone you are supposed to lead off with it like I did. Not at the end like you did
Need someone to help me correct my 2k issue here on
Happy Easter
She's also done a 9000 foot mountain! hahahaha
your welcome! :D
Thank You Ismael
#LeHIGH WINS that's why I always root and bet for the underDOG
that's what I want. We will be live as you answer so be ready haha
they have a ton of king compilations at the library too.
where r they from?
Made $50 last night! :)
Off to Melsky Casting! :)
ya i would jew.
Happy 25th Birthday to the best daughter in the world, Kelli Martin!!! XOXO.
Thanks, Karl. The more I hear about Khan's, the more I wondered!
Blessthefall in general >>>>
Every little thing is gonna be alright
does it include 'silos'? That's a new one that's starting to make my head hurt.
From education should combine content and skills, it is not an "if or" situation
You should've yelled!!! That's what I'd do if I seen you in the car :)
No one has a say in my passion, career, life... they can try but in the end, their words will be shoved down their fucking throats.
and that's how clotheslined the server.
very cool! Love your food!!
But what about all my stuff?!?!
I may have to join you on that one. Let me look at my calendar.
You can text me now
<3 *bandage* ;p here you go
Are you back in Cincy?
pillow fetish?!
lmao... somehow I figured as much....
Day 4 & still nothing...come on! Lol
don't u just love the classy people around here.
I signed up for the LA event thru Moffatt but not receipt, confirmation...can I please have that? Very stoked.
This Twitter will still be a great place for the big announcements on Logi Insight for Libraries, but follow for more depth
Any tips on how to organize? That's how I did it when student teaching - I miss those movable walls :)
I made it safe n sound
I just noticed there is a chimney on my house. Crazy.
Rock and Roller cola wars, I can't take it anymore.
has grown up so much over the years.
dude, the Esquire retweet is pretty cool. Is this the start of your 15 minutes of fame?
ayyyyy thanks baby!
it's available this Saturday! Going w/ Mike & Matt. You should join. Also hitting for pozole, Los Gallos #2 for CESJ
Great news! Practice has moved to NW PDX. Now scheduling patients. Check website for details: www.drbradfarra.com
I've had way to much coffee tonight and will be paying for it later tonight when I can't sleep.
Warwick today.
Hi David. I nailed it with Vejigante mask from Ponce, Puerto Rico yesterday on Facebook. Just sayin'...
Dogs can really motivate their owners to go walking more plus it helps the dog and their artitude
Yeah, Mason and I will give you a great rundown of the best clubs here! ;D
I'm not eastern European. Also not a spammer of any kind. Just hope to help you on your quest for 1K followers.
Things are getting awkward at city council. Speakers on security cameras getting intense.
People are so relaxed that they frequently fall asleep during acupuncture treatment.
Pumpkin Spice Latte me asap. Then let's get this last day of work done so I can get to the lake. On the water is where I feel best.
Happy Friday the 13th.
In a world where there is so much to be done, I felt strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do. -Dorothea Dix
we had an office lunch outing, everyone seemed to really enjoy Ned's and Cheese Dream.
remember. The slot for "first person I actually killt" is still available. Don't be threatened. Be warned
#HBDBK. Wishing you an amazing day with LOVE!
“: Woohoo! Congrats!”Finally a DD in the house!!! ;)
would you gals like to meet tomorrow rumor has it wed is lady's night. Free lap dances till midnight!
Hi there! Thank you for your message. I am doing very well, thank you :). Thank you for all your motivating Tweets!
That's the best reason of all!
#MeAndYouCantDate Because I hate the way you eat.
Well in reality, the historical trend seems exactly the opposite...
#cq5 #wem simplify ur documentation articles. I spent 90 min troubleshooting a simple problem w/ rte editor config
Sad to see racism slowly eroding the awesome power of the presidency of the United States! Remember, the world is watching!
I think we have a mutual friend in Marc Yeats .. how is life in Oxford?
this guy in Alaska!
Seriously the amount of snot coming out of my nose is remarkable.
listening to work out for the 3rd time
Show time in 14 hrs!!!!!!! Time to sleep!!!
Unanswered emails now seem like opportunity for expression w/o revenge. Sometimes those thoughts seep through the fog.
Damn sinuses are killing me
You didn't come to school :(. Lmfao. By the way, I think Victor's starting to suspect you like him....
This is the Tyshawn Taylor I want to see today!!
#Avengers midnight showing!!!
I went roller skating tonight. No biggie. Don't know why you keep bringing it up.
I guess I can cross North Carolina off my retirement state list. *sigh*
Can i get 100 followers by tomorrow?! O.o i'm going to try and make my who says video this week!
Hunt: I wasn't a diplomat before becoming ambassador. Promised I'd quit if it was just cocktail parties.
"I'm sure this is why my grandparents swam across the river." - on buying Mexican flags and mustaches for Cinco de Mayo
hahahah. I love your word play.
Forever wearing my bracelet. After seeing him in Chicago and meeting him I am for sure a fan! :)
lol, iRumors are always entertaining. fun to see how all the webzines jump to speculations on every tiny little hint.
Be prepared for confrontation..
faces off against #UNC for the #CarrierClassic today! Go green!
I bet they would sell out. RT : I would to to emcee those games, too!
RT : WHAT WE DO: We provide meals, homes and health & wellness services to thousands of seniors each year. We need your...
Not that there is anything wrong with that...
#cgbb thanks for the support!! And june 15th u will know what this famous word is haha
Me too. Congrats on proceedings last week.
I've only been a couple of times, but I really liked their Burgundy Burger
Big thanks to and Industry Nine Components! I swear my bike pedals itself.
#Dear14yearoldself, You get your dream guy,
That would be very touching. Please keep us posted.
Congrats on your acceptance for the University of Heidelberg program!
Channel Partner Portal is a Management as a Service platform to better support their customers
Tumblr integration? Tumblr post-by-email blows, need better system to compose Tumblr posts in Zite.
Trying to find f-i-l in #1940census, hoping he's in same place he was in 1930
you too beautiful!
": The most incredible feeling is knowing that you truly have someone not just for today, but forever. Happy Valentines Day"
I do Love You I love u I love u, my baby I love you so and I don't want you to go. By GQ Reminds me of blue light basement parties
Spending my Saturday night with 7th graders.
Most welcome ...likewise!
happy birthdaaaayyyy! Hope you have a good one, love you! :))
Anyone else wake up feeling like you can transcend the seven bodies, but you're going to need to listen to Mahogany Rush to do so? Me TOO.
Romney says Obama believes in a "European-style" welfare state. Wow. Guess I've really missed something.
Just realized it's late start tomorrow,and I don't have group anymore! What am I gonna do!?!
- Sounds good. Contact us through our website.
This time next week, I'll probably still be exhausted from a 15+ hour day the night before...can't wait!
Your twitter tuesday password is JOHN WAYNE GACY. Movie hero or serial killer, he gets 5 of your broke asses in free! Then you buy drinks.
RT : No sweetheart deals for the 1% the must #investigate the big banks
Geez, why were you without power for so long?
is that right
It might be early but we're already thinking about Happy Hour! Who's stopping in tonight for half-priced appetizers and drink specials?
The writer is delegated to declare and to celebrate man's proven capacity for greatness of heart and spirit~John Steinbeck
you tried monster rehab? that rojo tea is my shit
i can care les about anything
Couple shots of tequila and off to the gym, then making biscuits n gravy
This head cold is really killing my spirit ! Siigh
You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you, sometimes.
I'm working on turning a couple into books that certainly have that feel. (Both are great though). Is it a bad idea?
Thanks for the mention!
Dear , please stop changing my html code. It's a pain to manually fix your code craziness. Thanks. Luv ya, mean it!
Before I die, I want to roundhouse someone! They can't be tall tho
Liam James Payne <3
That was amazing!!! You guys sounded even better live :D #TheWANTEDonTheVOICE Please follow xx
RT Give it up for Coobie tonight-- scores a season-high 18 points on 6 of 6 shooting from 3... Amazing game.
you haven't changed one bit.
it's Adam schabel from down the street
Bowlers, how close have you made it to a perfect 300 game? Meet a kid who did it and he was playing with pain at 5:30
I think I've got it made
Alright. I caved and bought a Mega Millions ticket. And then I bought 9 more...
No doubt, May showers...guess April was slacking. Looking forward to warmer days...
Dang this sucks...dont have any plans amymore
My father's name was Hymie.
nice pub stunt... Day game... Not televised in WI. Lame
Choir meeting tonight. It's wierd to think im almost a senior.
y is he leaving??
#SoHighThat i Can touch the Sky...
Off to Europe today!
to answer your question, I do not speak French! I'm currently downloading podcasts!
hey dude! Trynna keep in touch. God bless.
I get sad when ever I think about you
Has anyone bought any workout shows via Apple TV?
If you think every child deserves a chance to have a lifelong relationship with his or her parents regardless of circumstances, please RT!
okay, that made sense. this is making sense now! so sorry for the steady tweeting about the x files.
Looking forward to visit with Ewha Woman's University in Seoul Korea this week!
hey bro! you still working out up there?
hahah remember father Justin's class, everyone messing with him about what schools were going to
o haha okay
I swear Music is Gonna keep me feed watch and be witness who eva don't believe that I feel sorry for you when I make it
As a wannabe screenwriter I tried to make the move to LA, ran out of gas in Phoenix, so LA will have to live without me for another day.
I love scientists! RT : Gene named after Smaug the dragon from Tolkein's 'The Hobbit'
oh god
You speak words of truth! In English and felinese!
hahaha what a fangirl of Paul. ;)
Who's coming to the holiday party in the Java Cafe on Wednesday from 5-7 pm??
Question of the day:What’s your favorite classic TV show?
Sarah Palin out of race. Couldn't afford the paycut.
Fitch: buyers of European cov-lite debt included US CLO and institutional investors.
Music makes the world go around!
Meeting one of the co-creators of Perseus project yesterday, , all I could say was: "Every junior classicist thanks you."
Reading nyt review of Nicole krauss' book great house..."fulgurating pain". Sharp piercing pain. Noted.
I love how the password is one of them, just in number form:/
“: Good grades, enough sleep, a social life...you can pick two.” truer words have never been spoken. Haha
Guess somebody's a Sicki Garbaj fan,did I hit a nerve,lol!!
oh okaeyy . hehe ! cheers to one direction .. !! we:>
Advertisers, likely. “: He wasn't apologizing to you. RT : Rush: apology accepted ... We're with you.”
THIS YEAR'S CONFERENCE IS ONLY 14 DAYS AWAY! DON'T FORGET TO REGISTER IF YOU HAVEN'T DONE SO YET
LOOKIN FORWARD TO THE NEW YEAR 2010!! HERE I COME!! LOL!!
Unlock your Heart, Love freely Unlock your mind, Live freely The secret to Happiness is Freedom The secret to Freedom is Courage- Thucycices
Go Chris Wells
hehe and I forgot what Beauty and the Beast was about again..
I am starving like a pregnant person...can't wait to get home and eat
We create custom Twitter backgrounds for Pro Athletes & Celebs. Follow us & RT for a chance to win a custom background just like our PROS.
It was great to meet you too...keep on inspiring!!!
Messed up my files. have to take them all off & upload them again.. but shame on me, I didn't back them up.. copy & paste! ug
Mining bill still has no author. The GOP claim it's the largest jobs bill this session. So why does no one want to take credit for it?
Love tax returns... My savings almost doubled!
Come on give me a bREAK
oh I thought you meant you were gonna be serving tonite! I wanted to try you out!
Dear Omni Hotel or whoever is responsible for planning the menu: Vegetarians eat more than vegetables, and we need protein, too.
Be advised! LAMILL Cafe will be closing early today, April 30th, at 4:00pm for a private event. We will re-open with regular hours tomorrow!
A4: It is important to have people in your life who can sense when you need a break and tell you to take a vacation.
Count me in for Google+ hangout.
Leaving soon. I'll miss you, twitter <3
some days i wish i could go back to doing a 9-5...
Everyone follow Larry here...GREAT Packers fan RT Miss my packers. Packeritis is alive and kickin
The excitement of learning separates youth from old age. As long as you're learning you're not old.
Function over form
The little peanut butter cups in Moose Tracks ice cream...so delicious .
even when you hold the mirror up and point out the bad decision, doesn't work. It's tiring.
how was SD? good luck tomorrow!
Physical violence is so 2011. Plus, I can't go to jail again. O:-)
"if amazing was a young bitch, I'd be going to jail cause Im FUCKING amazing"
just bought my first app from the Android Market - ten cent apps is a genius promotion.
#zumba rocks ass literally
I met Robert Davi yesterday, he's so freaking nice!! Loved him Goonies, Die Hard, The Profiler!! Great guy and actor!!
"do you guys like mushrooms?" "why do you?" "no I just like to hunt them"
your going to love it ! You should go to ratemyprofessors
So now i have to wear glasses all the time..bo...gues its true the older u get ur eyesight is the 1st to go..
Worst mood ever today. Well just recently due to inconsiderate drivers... and having to deal with the football fans downtown. Ugh
#FistBump thx bromie! RT : s/o to NICE JOB WITH YOUR REFS TODAY !!
ok u is followed
being creative is a gift. A gift that if you ignore may alter your course of happiness. Be BRAVE.
Just spent an hour on the machine gun jetpack. GTF out the way!.
Buffet or ala cart?
OK. That's a brave thing to say about anything on Weekend Update.
RT : Potential in startup employees is worth a lot less than in big co's, b/c you don't have luxury to wait around for fruition.
Me too! Where are your seats?
Am I the only one who gets creeped out when someone writes "warmly" at the end of a letter?
xoxo! totally inspired!
You had a great seat -- right up in the front where all of the action was :P
Almost to Austin, TX....
; gonna try to convince my dad to take me shoe shopping ..
ha ha lets hope not
Any Caterers wanting our company to use your services please email us for a Tasting soon.
but admire your dedication
Any word if Kobe's playing tonight?
I swear it's like spring break every weekend here!
Yeah merry christmas ! I'm still waiting. , . . . For All God Bless Us. . . .
WRB's first Game Day.....Special/Intense/Proud!!!
Day Dreamer.
i love avocados fuck you all
my friend who owns a dog grooming business always looks forward to her Mon.-Tues. weekend and you just reminded me of her.
Turn up the music, i need it i'n my life !
Woohoo! Congratulations on a Good Job well done!!! : )
I did! I went in feeling one way and my opinion changed during the process. I loved it.
Yr Welcome! Visit the site soon www.kmcamera.com
if we've gone almost two and a half years consistently missing Dunks, honey, you'll be okay! The cravings taper. ...a little.
you put a "R" in Team....and we made eye contact for like 5 minutes lol
be careful out there!
I felt we wld b up for this gm coming off if a big upset win. More the opp. We spotted our opponent 3 quarters of effort b4 we played
Three in one day? I'm impressed
First triple overtime of the playoffs. Too bad I can't stay up for the rest of it. Damn waking up for work at 6am.
juice fasts and business travel do not mix
This is 2012. Why am I still seeing mobile sites load everything first before content in body. Content, header, then images.
-You're- a white trash hot dish
Laying with adam watching cartoons>>> off this .
Aramis Ramirez plays like a Cub. Remind me again why The Crew signed him??
Setting an alarm & waking up ass-early to do East coast business = ew. Conducting said business from bed = win.
R-T if you're up for No Reason.
Sonja is an egotistical nut job........perhaps crazier than Kelly!
#Clippers Bench Was Huge S/O To #Kmart, #ReggieEvans, #NickYoung, #MoWilliams, #EricBledsoe & #CP3 Control The Game *Great Gritty Team Win*
I died.
Wait a minute, in Voyage of the Damned the Doctor said that the Titanic's engine explosion would destroy the whole planet
everybody dunce now
im sorry I was n ATL ova dah weekend
Love u@ DJ KEMO
#4famouswords let me sleep, please
How sad is it that I just want to sell everything in my apartment because I hate packing...
Cheers to a lovely weekend! Thanks for the #FF!
you are welcome, lady :)
i feel like a creeper haha JUST sayin. lol
#aiip10 Sam Fee reommends Don't Make Me Think by Steve Krug for effective web design.
of course i would lols you got a facebook
Jessica is my girl she doin good on jackson 5 i luv her
on may 19th, sometime around 8
YOU'RE damn funny. So there.
Calm down, don't tell them what to do
I love the smell of napalm in the morning. It smells like victory. - Apocalypse Now, spoken by Robert Duvall
I still think we need one more Weber fight. #Abs?
That was the hardest thing I've ever done •-•
Turtles ;D
that's what's so funny!
Always remember, the more action you take, the more money you will make
yeah it does, especially since I had a lot of admiration for him prior to this.
fixed it.
RT : Doing my first college football fantasy league this season, SEC and PAC 12 exclusive, insurance for NFL Lockout
I'm feeling that today as well! RT : When God invented new media, He should have added an hour to give us a 25 hour day...
Hope Elias is ok, that looks scary. Always respected him
At last you're listening to real music!
Looks like it's going to be a good day.
I'm so sorry!!
Heading through the terminal at the airport, its almost like a second home now.
Unfinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" let it transform your space.- In-stock
sorry Carson. I dot mean to inconvenience you. Maybe next year!
Ohh so now you tweet me-_- SMH:b Jon where getting married since hasn't bought my bling bling(: Kay?.KAY(:
Wha, no invite?
lol whatever, yeah hes a douche bag but i think hes cute. *Livin4TheNight*
Returning to reality tomorrow, but only a 3-day week, then Kentucky bound. Lexington people, it would be good to see you on my way through!
I love how stands up to haters!:) Shut them down girl!!
"Welcome to Welcome!" (What the lady didn't say at the gas station in Welcome Minnesota.)
Java, how are you? Thanks for the RT!
I feel the same way!
Show some #FF love for , part of The Schermerhorn's fantastic Community Advisory Board! Thanks for all you do!
Capital One spot-1 of the specs we are casting is for 10 - 12 yr old kids who play orchestra instruments. Fit the spec? Let me know....ASAP
Super congrats!
congratulations! That's a good time!
Truth. RT : I'm pretty sure the first rule of #bootcamp6 is "NERDS!"
You can come over earlier if you want! We'll be here. See you then!
So they can too lol
A few WI brewers to try (in no order): Lakefront Brewery, Ale Asylum, Capital Brewery, Sprecher, Tyranena, Furthermore
Man hit and killed on Georgia highway near Eulonia
Donald is safe! Oh my goodness! #PackerNation will never fail you
God damn i miss cinema bizarre!
Woot! we love to hear that! :) : still wet hair but loving what has done!! Fun changes!!!
Creator God, I am so blessed by your revelation in nature and Scriptures. Please increase my determination to plass on that blessing.
And I'd rather be pushin' flowers then to be in the pen sharin' showers
Party Down is great. I stayed hard thru 7 episodes.
Today's special is the ULTIMATE CHICKEN SANDWICH! Cajun seasoned, w/ BBQ sauce, bacon, pepperjack! Comes w/ your choice of ultimate sides!
i Subscribed to thebakeey on youtube :)
Lots of client meetings today all over town! I'm going to be a driving maniac. Can't wait to see the photos up in the studio tonight.
WHAT THE HECK 2 BEERS FOR 15 or 4 for 28 tomorrow only
Hot springs is awesome...
Damn, #Japan is screwed again-they're not bigger than some U.S. states-can we give them #Nebraska or #Kansas or another one we don't need?
It's so hot chocolate melted in my pants :( San Francisco bay area photographer
I mean if you're going to do it...go all the way in
AND Tomorrows the last day of being on these steroids.Which means no more gaining weight,and I can finally get back to normal and go out!
two step tuesdays lead to sleepy wednesdays
RT : ...time to rest up! tomorrow night...maybe a little and Stout Graduation on Saturday
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! Chris Cairns
TOO BAD NO ONE WAS AROUND TO PROTECT HER DAUGHTER
its hard to see you lose yourself
Thanks for spreading the word about our job opening!
finally saw sat nites show...greatjob snake man.
Fucking would say "you're not this nice in school" right in front of my boss! Lol
She doesn't even appreciate you. I'm right here, but what do I matter?
Vintage trouble cancelled at The 5 Spot. Might as well make it over to to see Right now!!!!
Brr! It's cold in here! There must be some Toros in the atmosphere!
There is nobody in the RMA except for working people and it makes me sad because I don't know where anyone is and I'm all lonely.
Dang it, I've been drinking coffee every day for 2 weeks now. What is it, 21 days to make a habit? I must break the chain!
Amicus Certus In Re Incerta Cernitur => A true friend is discerned during an uncertain matter
Do you use #ExpressionEngine? I'm thinking of taking it on and am gathering information. Reply with Pros/Cons.
That's great, nice work!
need help in the shower?
I know #SportingKC defender Seth Sinovic looks cheap, but with the exchange rate, he'll cost $5 million.
Wish I were down there for this!
I'd love to tell you don't do it. But I know you are a fan. Pressed shaped meat with flavored ink grill marks is just weird.
Fee fi fo fum, I could sure go for a large tom yum. Have some Typhoon brought to your door with free delivery. Code is NOV2011 at...
hey what it do!
Of course I did, silly. They were ten minutes late in opening. Strange. But movers have left and we pooped.
will you post a link to blog w/ study based on your book? having trouble finding it. thank you in advance!
Wow. We live in strange times where that's a cardinal sin....
Same samerzz RT : Well I'm all alone this Saturday night ??
I wanna Leslie Knope and Ben Wyatt.
"I AM NOT YOUR BABY DADDY." omfg crying
A5X processor is confirmed, quad-core graphics -
Two weeks til the Phoenix Comicon!!! I can feel it!!!
Nestle acquires Pfizer&#39;s enfant nutrition division | CK Science
"ma bartender,she from the islands,body been kissed by tha sun-coconut replace the smell of the bar, but I don't know if its her or the rum"
Send me email with details...interested...who said it...
is so sweet, I know she appreciates all we do for her just as much as we appreciate what she does for us
let it be.
at least it's fresh!
the pittsburgh section of thedirty >>>
#gettingouttahere "fairly" early
have you tried googling 'favorite all time commercials' and things of that ilk?
Banners only $4 per square foot this week only! Call today to place your orders @ 720-542-6105!
By the by, I heard from several reliable sources that there was/is plans in the works for an orgy.
I would hope so. Last time I heard, they're not connected with Velcro.
ditches on my bick
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save
So true! Get busy. RT: Forbes Thought Of The Day " There is no greater cause of melancholy than idleness. " — Robert Burton
WHAT? TO WHO!
c u soon n Dallas ill b on da 2nd row
none, but i can download some
Happy Earth Day!
o man...how embarrassing.lmao they cant even stay quiet for one second.lmao
Want to spend Friday night differently? How about a newbie yoga workshop to learn the basics of vinyasa yoga. ~ Fri. 4/20 6:30pm-9:00pm.
how was your day ?
Just got a little hot and bothered after watching Magic Mike trailer
Power still down in the area, Day 2. Holding up well thx to cell phone, laptop, VPN, Vonage device, wired in-laws, & supportive colleagues.
its very pretty I wish I had it
hey, Rachel! Sounds like you are having a blast .... So great! Love to you. Lori
Should you see a whole thing it appears that it is always gorgeous.
I don't need sleep. I'm not running....
You ding dong will instead prolly RT : My buzzer would have burned to death from hand friction tonight ...
When your gf/bf is the only thing on your mind......
thanks! Please tell all your friends about us!!
Never hated a corporation like I hate first energy/met ed right now. Just sayin
Sake and wine bottles are all half off this evening!
watching and laughing at one direction funny moments wahahahhaha.....:P
Thank you so much from both of us!! <3
is gonna be the new Jeremy Lin if the Heat win tonight
Last chance to Join us Oct. 25 or 26 for a No-Cost Educational Workshop on Financial Fitness. Register at bit.ly/nbn7Oq
ask ur mom to try it LOL and maybe. >.>
$90 in gas in the past 24 hours. My next car needs to be more fuel efficient.
So fun, always Good 2 see you all!": Rt! Great 2 see u! "
As per yesterday's EBook summit, students starting at pre-K should have at least one digital reading experience per month.
ASU needs Brad Stevens, maybe Bonds will make a big donation since he can't spend all his money behind bars
Loving #doomsdaypreppers! All the econ downturn ones are spot on..
breakfast now, chores later
omg trust me i know. He is my idol and i'm so grateful 2 have met him so many times; you're pretty lucky to live in finland lol
. Hedges bets? No. I'd say Dawkins was being intellectually honest. 100% certainty is for the delusional or stupid.
That's exactly my thought/fear.
#MyPastRelationships Taught Me That I Deserve Better & I Should NEVER Settle For Less .
well said
I was just at NAMM and the whole time I was thinking about my new favorite guitar player ; a Fender fanatic like me!
family feud says that most woman will dump him, cheat on them mess up their belongings lol
we will be buying shirts when we arrive!
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 3
Chuck norris is only a green belt cause he killed his master when he was 4 years. Old :0 amazing lol
I'm a beat them tables up up up up up Stanton Social tonight 11-2am feel me?
Yes You Do & I To,ld You To Call Me Last Week Fat Ass.!
We're talking about #thetalk www.knowledgesafari.com click blog.
I've run out of room in my sketch book and don't have any more paper. How does this happen?
#idol - Jessica gave a unique spin on her song. It way high energy and pretty good overall.
cookies and cream U?
rEVOLution backwards its LOVE ;)
Yeah, same here. I need to check it and verify. Let me know you find. I wonder if it's a late-edition change or something.
best imagine I've seen in a while lolol
Patron in e&j
RT : I am walking down the road
They're doing the Riggle in DC this morning, 8 in a row!!! Lets go Nats!!!!Lets go Nats!!!!Lets go Nats!!!!Lets go Nats!!!!
When in a relationship theres always one that has insecurities <<<
Tiger Woods's stinger 3-wood out drove GMac's driver on one.
couldn't agree more with your column. Spot on.
O's games go into extra innings way too much
Looking forward to it! Nothing like #roots12 RT & YAY!
3 blocks NW 23rd to close this morning Everett to Glisan, 3 weeks. businesses want you to know they're open!
Lol, I'm just shopping
T-minus 24 days to Beer-Con. Aug 27th can’t get here soon enough.
Take a risk, good or bad, you never know what good opportunity it could bring.
$29 Service Call, Fast Response. 24/7 Emergency Service Licensed Local Locksmith call now 619-335-7969 Lost Keys? Locked out? We can help!
Other people's tools work only in other people's gardens
Good afternoon my twitter followers. How's it going today? Mine is going awesome ;-)
it definitely keeps you glued to your seat. I'm in love with Jennifer Lawrence lol
TAP trying to provide alternative to "all homegrown" vs "all proprietary" in mobile content management
Oops, History of the World was made in 1981. My bad. Still 1980 was the best year in movies. Also forgot about The Big Red One
Good luck with your biz!
RT : You are a cinema, I could watch you foreverrrrreer. ~ 🎥🎶😄
in the same room President Sexton & Peter Henry not here but send their greetings.
Blasting om&m to piss everyone off lol I think it's working
Hell yeah! Sake to me baby!
I cannot fathom going out on a school night. I'm getting too elderly for weekday shenanigans
Had a good time at the TinCaps game tonight, especially player autographs after the game.
we would of gotten along so well if we knew eachother then haha
Lol. No, no. Just an early morning spell check. Today's lesson is - no Twitter before coffee.
What's wrong???
Good Morning and Happy Monday #Baltimore! Today's word of the day is ambition. Ambition teach your kids its not a dirty word!
How much for your ARC? I bake. I'll send cookies with the cash...
that you are. Happy for you, and a lil jealous. #formerrockstar ;)
": karleeelovesyou Sorry your day was shitty on your bday #fuckbitches" it's all god, bitches will be bitches.
your welcome, just call it like I see it.
She went from regular college kid to ESPN superstar to scam artist in one big swoop.
Flirting around can be fun but there’s times where I just want to commit to someone.
happy birthday to your Mom!
When a monkey nibbles on a penis, it's funny in any language.
CARROT BOY only eats carrots because his name starts with carrot and he is a boy that likes carrots!
ugh, I'm sorry, I'm ashamed I made that joke. The moon is amazing!
I love how almost 3 months since I've hugged Austin, people still find me and tell me I'm so lucky for meeting him..<3
follow me please! 143 :]
also consider us a resource for all things contracting and construction! No job or question too small or too trivial!
no, they are a band...
Happy Saturday to us! We just stumbled into a Weiner dog meet-up!
Uh....pass on the babysitting adventure.
Daffodils are cheap dates of the flower world. They don't go the distance--in fact, they bloom before you get the car home. But so pretty...
Got legs in the morning. Still cripple from last week. This is gonna be fun.
Been preppin' and prognosticatin' Thinkin' positive and going to select the BMW in Colts Blue.
I'm waiting.. (waiting) on the green loop
ikr, lol i see u sleeping early?
Men And Women Models Go Check Out Risingmodelz.com and see wut the site has 2 offer. If u like wut u see sign up for $1 a month...
I DVR'ed the best of john randle sound fx... This is too good
Yo Bro Jesse, seen some of ur toys-Incredible design work dude! U know any other poc makin toys?
This committee meeting isn't just cruel to women, it's cruel to legislators. This is their spring break.
Wedding party in here now! Manis, pedis & facials all around!
is amazing mayne. Know what I'm sayin mayne? (;
i didnt know my RT had so much effect on my #TWATCHERS bruh...let it go !!!! its a inside joke cool it.
Thanks, Kevin!
Vikes give the ax to Childress....Brett Farve has a smile on his face.Farve plans to text Childress his "happy thoughts."
RT : We are going to have a rally in the ally for the caps. Wed. Night. Byob chair plate. Carnitas and Dawgs 6 bucks
and Chante birthday in June !
..Name, the Lakers are a major contender until Kobe's retirement..
Bout to go get these rough shots for this multiplicity idea for the mixtape cover.
just tried to kill me in the weight room
