Do you have a iPhone or a iPod Touch If you do? Go to the App Store Go To Music Than Tap VEVO It's free to download so try it today.
+2 RT +1 “: I'm sorry but Further Seems Forever cover of Bye Bye Bye is now a bar staple for me.”
hey talk to ! Its his music. This is just the his fan page.
We're at 590 followers, help us get to #600Followers by the end of the day!
So I'm not the only one who does that huh? lol Ketchup, cheese sauce and salad dressing are our friends here!
It's funny that the media was concerned that it would be irrelevant once players had a direct line via social to fans.
Hoping the rain holds off for a while. I want to ride home with the top down and fertilize the lawn this afternoon.
Look at Thad! & young Danny pushing .400. couple a badd boys! i have the next round #frickers/durtybird
In this modern warfare wit my dawgs
thanks Sherri, hope you can make it
awww thanks girl! BTW Your workout regimen inspired me to go to the gym today. I sort of slacked off - but you are on it!
Web stuff's only going to get easier Erica.
#Rush on VH1 Classic!
My daughter Isabella, gave me a huge hug last night and tried giving me a kiss for the first time. It was awesome.....
NAME CHANGE!!! Hey all! I changed my user name. I use to be "cavaliers60.". I am now "cdoades" so friends can find me easier.
Nice to see so many Clevelanders biking today #biketoworkweek #happyinCLE :)
^NB It's easier than you think! :) What type of printer and what type of computer/OS?
no problem. Thanks for the kind words!
Thanks! Bought it! :)
Only a couple of weeks until Christmas!
Life is so precioius, every moment should count! I am living out loud, period!
Homework! lol... among other things. I never get my To Do lists done because there is never enough time in the day! (sigh)
Funny how you can go from talking to a person everyday to not talking at all
RT : a diamond backs fan got kicked outta coors field for throwing back a #Rockies HR ball lol
Anyway to get George Zimmerman off peopl will be satisfied
Hopes he knows what the fuck he's doin.
can't wait for the gypsy cat to be back! Hope home is treating you well, cat.
“: #Rockies down a touchdown....thankfully another game to flip to #Nuggets” exactly!
Ok still at work doing paperwork!!! I want to go...
Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not understanding, understanding is not wisdom
I just finished watching that Greg Kinnear movie about the guy (Mitt Romney) who invented intermittent windshield wipers.
have you seen the hangover movies?
You ain't kiddin'. Who'd a thunk it would be such a royal pain in the tuckus?
Check out PDXCROSS. A group of photographers who get down and dirty with Portland's cyclocross scene. www.pdxcross.com
Hey I'll give everyone who 'likes' With the Band...Karaoke's facebook fan page $1... (just kidding but do it anyway!)
Nasty ass people on this bus
yes fuckin way!! haha my moms actually legit! it doesn't even hurt!
“: #MentionTo someone who always in your mind.”
Philly is the first to strike, Crowley from Dawson.
Today is an excellent day! Presentation in class tonight! #springbreak next week! #triathlontraining going well!
Happy Leap Day!
Each year, Vienna Woman's Club gives $1,000 to students headed to college. Last year I was honored to give keynote speech at awards event.
welcome to twitter Keith
It's a beautiful morning. Everything is on Sale at 10-20% OFF. Dbl punch drink of the day is our Peppermint Mocha!
Thanks again for the many ReTweets!
Hit me up if you need plans.
well, your name IS mikey, and you ARE adorable and blonde... I'd say you're practically halfway there!
any bday plans yet??
Can't stand when people don't take me serious. Feels like I wasted useful time.
#c4l12 The Q is, shd I get 6 or 12 crumpets to take home from The Crumpet Shop? They likely freeze...need room in the bag for Hop Henge too
thanks Rusty.
what up brah?
RT this if you're going local for
Yes, but from a different angle.
Just finished presenting to hs seniors how to write personal statements thru Young Urbanites Unite! Lloyd is doing great work!
OMM and I are looking at the same moon!!! Haha <3333
Word Up !
Welcome Back, #MarquetteGradStudents! We hope you all enjoyed the ice cream social at orientation last Thurs! Pics to come!
Houston Hoops over Tampa Titans 50-37 in first pool game at AAU Nationals.
“: Much of what being decided for our country is being decided on falsehoods-
Y'all, I know I am about to sound like a bad Mahomie and stuff but, who is Dave? Like Austins uncle? Manger? Will someone tell me?/:
Great!!! Packed house for "2011 Part 2" Party!..full report later on!! USA 2 Mex 1 as of 9:40 Go USA!!
Girl you can have whatever you want, starting off with my last name 😉
crowdsourcing video! We would love to know more.
Awwwe they got back together (:
The parade loves you back....you and all your lil leprechauns!!!!
do it. It's a classic. At least all the stuff at the actual party.
Dorian Finney-Smith leaving Virginia Tech. Should have kept Seth Greenberg.
GOD is a selfish GOD he will not let any man take credit for his works. It will be done in such a miraculous way it will be nothing but GOD.
if you have a problem with me, say it to my face. Don't just talk shit about me with all of your little friends.
At El Barco on Ashland having a margarita de tamarindo which is the best drink I've had all year. I love tamarind!
Very weird to watch presentation that just happened in London and see a pic of my local cheese shop guy. #drupalcon We love Bob!
I am MAN enough to admit when I am wrong! Can you?
Staying quiet on Twitter because I'm sitting with family. This game has been weird so far.
Very cool! Which one, LK? MT : Fun evening planning a thera-prov workshop w/a former improv student of
yeah,i kinda figured :)
In a society in which it is a moral offense to be different from your neighbor your only escape is never to let them find out.
When doing any advertising, consider tailoring your message to the appropriate audience. Change methods based on who your target is.
Cool. I've used almond on other bassoons, but haven't yet oiled my Püchner myself (it's way overdue). Perhaps a good Sunday project.
The DNF of financial services.
Currently have nine Gchat windows open, all but one is listed as "--- is busy. You may be interrupting." I call bullshit, you IMed me :P
It's existential crisis day in the copywriters' office.
It is not work that kills, but worry. ~ African Proverb
wanna go downtown ?
love those, thanks for sharing Daniela!
As only New Yorkers know, if you can get through the twilight, you'll live through the night. ~ Dorothy Parker
I'm really tempted to deactivate and block #facebook and #twitter until I'm done with this semester #senior =
fuckin bitches is working out lol
insideview, thanks for following us on Twitter!
man now I'm really sad I'm missing this trip! XOXOXO!
YEAH BABY ANOTHER 123 FOR
It may not be a fun present to yourself but I'm sure your car appreciates it :)
Nice portal 2 intro....
"I won't deny it... Imma straight ridah You don't wanna fuck with me." - feelin it today Tupac! 🎧
Fleshed out quite a few of my #BlitzBlox game play ideas - been a great all-nighter. Now to write it all down and get it organized.
Hey Jaime- think we should go public yet? haha- thanks for following. We LOVE patients!
Not you, junior.
Got my new pow skis today. I might have to head up to Crystal to get my fix this weekend.
today l did a 3-point contest at darien lake, and l didn't make a single shot.
I would like my life to be a statement of love and compassion--and where it isn't, that's where my work lies.” ― Ram Dass
college starts back up in 3 days..computer programing..i cant wait..im getting restless
GENTLEMEN? RT Ok, this is getting ridiculous. Where can a tasty bitch of a certain age find a proper boyfriend? Seriously.
Let's just say I win ... Lol
love me some mac miller! haha
I want a booty!!
#imthetypeofperson that is locked and loaded for the coming zombie apocalypse
Joel McHale shirtless = best reason ever to watch #Community!
Spending time with my friends and family :)
Just got back from the Alex Ross exhibit at the Warhol. If you haven't seen it yet, GO! It's amazing. And it closes on Sunday.
No problem- thanks for taking time to respond.
4 more days until it's my turn to play
Conan? Like Conan obrien?! Of course!
If you have a project or need related to acting film or theatre please feel free to post on our Twitter page
RT : Did Jeff Kessler compare himself to Alex Rodriguez to justify his $5.5 mil package at Dewey? Read that way to me....
Does anyone else's iPhone say 4g after 5.1 update?
Looks like great things are happening for you right now - Congrats!
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!!!!!!!
i need so more follwers can yall help me out
Appreciate the kind follow. Would you be open to connecting RE: a wellness experience? Thanks and happy holidays! :)
OMG So Kool Gotta Love K-Stew
Yay! 's Trout Pout is one of my current favs!
Awh :( I got bad spots too. We were lined up for 11 hours and got in the back. We just left, it was ridiculous.
Lol!!! Even #snl forgot about Ron Paulo their opening sketch.
mos definitely need to pour some liquor out for them, cause they died..lol
The night has just begun! #Vegas #Military come enjoy a night just for you! $2 You Call its & $1 Drafts until 11pm!
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO I KNOW. fuck your life. and send it too mee!
"The Green Mile"
It's okay #Brewers fans. The cubs will still end up in last place this year.
The World Loves Andrea Swift!!!
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness. Dag Hammarskjold
All I can say is that we're now in a different world about what constitutes a celebrity
Anyone have or know of a Brausse BF750E for sale? I have 3 people looking for one so please contact me! . 888-BRAUSSE.
I got a funny story Lil bro: row you talk to ghetto Me: you dont know what ghetto means Lil bro: yes i do *whispers to mom*what does it mean
How do I get tickets to this?!?! Ticketmaster and ticketweb don't work :(
What happened to Kesha? Did she fall off the side of the earth or something?
Happy Hump Day! Retweet if you're horny!
Thanks for tweeting the article about me winning, guys! I appreciate the mention :)
Good morning. How are you today? No really, how are you?
Gray & drizzly: good weather for St. Patty's! Cooking up some corned beef, got Guinness & a copy of Finnegans Wake (to read tipsy) ;-)
JUS WHEN I THOUHT LIFE COULDNT GET ANY WORSE, IT DID, I REALLY DONT WANNA BE ON HERE ANYMORE, LIFE HAS BEEN DEALN ME BLOWS ALL WEEK
Chick-fil-A = Yummy Chicken!
why don't you have cloth towels in your bathroom?
On a date with my best little girl friend!
HA HA too funny!!!! LOVE IT
You think gnats are bad....they aint got nothin on "Love Bugs"
Ah. The Nats will take back the park by paying the umpires to eject all of the Phillies.
Young, rich and flashy I be where the cash be
The new Giant at Harford and Taylor is awesome. A real improvement over all the supermarkets that preceded it.
with my twin !
Morning Doll! We really did start a dating site project and researching it is appalling
hm. I don't think she's "beloved" enough to cause such a strong reaction as shonda hinted. Hope it's her though.
I'm letting go of the thoughts that do not make me strong.
Look for reviews in new Video Librarian: Woodmans, Priest of Love, Romantic Englishwoman, Keaton shorts, Sound of Insects +more.
Dear One Direction, please. kiss me on my mouth.
Too funny. It was a little sloppy, wasn't it? fun though.
Awesome idea! Thx to our troops. RT : Ok, what time do they tip off? This is taking too long lol!
Everyone else is like aye i gots an ipod hit me up and dis shit is yo's bring da money
the silence is really quite odd ;)
I usually google the subject line, address of sender, or part of the body of the email. Usually turns up what I want to know.
The key to a good tittie sucking is the intensity of the eye contact.
Man is mere flesh and by flesh can be undone. But with God the eternal soul cannot be undone except by His command- Priest
Deff wanna go to Miami for spring break.
Hey all the website is up and running! go and custumize your own apparel!
When, not if, I see The Vow, I hope I can pair it with Woman in Black and get all my catharsis done in one day.
Swoon... Wait. I'm falling for that legendary Irish charm! Falling.. falling... >RT All women are stunning
PLEASE FOLLOW .... SPAMMING COULD JUST MAKE YOU MADE ... #YEE HOPE YOU SEE THIS TWEET
Snow, golf, snow, golf. Make up your mind colorado. Bi-polar global warming.
SATURDAY SALE TOMORROW - Shop our exclusive PC & Apple backtoschool bundles.
go luck tonight me and my son will be cheering you guys on tonight go bucks go!
could be worse... Could be curling instead of Ice hockey...
Follow Me Please!? 77
i feel like i cant even think straight, my brain refuses to function anymore
#mymomsaid flowers always impress a lady!
When I was little I faked being asleep so I'd get carried to bed.
sad to say but the more ppl say that , even if i do wanna come back i wont .. its too many states in this country smfh
loved China, now on to JAPAN!
I'm sold on twitter. Thanks all! I miss
But that was then and this is now
I love those! I've been wanting to try the choc just haven't gotten around to it yet
I see Mike Nelson has adjusted his Channel 7 pin.
Works for me!
Lets not pretend like you're alone tonight.
omg ikr and then with this crazy weather :)
TWO THUMBS UP... THREE IF I HAD ANOTHER HAND LOL
that would be a good laugh.
Ready to learn from at
wow I ate that way too fast. I'm never gonna lose weight
Amazing show with tonight
Hi Nice article! How do you think such an idea can be successfully implementation?
idk..he told me to ask u....no details lol
when i wake up tmrw i better hear the Lakers won..............
Do you remember your favorite concert?
I think men talk to women so they can sleep with them and women sleep with men so they can talk to them.
Woodfish back in the studio July 5th! Finishing up guitar tracks and laying odown some background vocals!
and yes, you've earned the "yoga goddess" title 10x's over :)
" guys have certainly made me feel not just physically adept, but more confident in conquering my goals & dreams in life"
they didnt accept his resignation?? what dramatics so sick of it. would never want to live in Sanford
Maybe even Skype me
Everyone Follow He Is Cool(:
M... Melting Potatoes & Pearl Onions
#Ireallywant to go home!
Is that Greenberg up on stage with Emma Stone?
...I got proof
What are you doing?
we know people - looking into this as we tweet.
and what is that weird twitching mouth head thing kenya does? It's like she has a neurological disorder. It's distracting.
Happy 18th Birthday :D
Difference in school & life? In school, you're taught a lesson, then given a test. In life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson
Lmfao (x “: An emo vampire probably bites himself.”
I'm officially over Starbucks turkey bacon sandwiches...it was a good ride
Can't sleep
If Facebook were a country, it would be the eighth most populated in the world
My head feels like a balloon and this cold medication has me feeling stupid.
Watchin whats love got to do wit it and Tina turner was buff as hell
wow. just watched your youtube. brave woman. I support you 100% and thank you for your beauty and bravery.
All signs point to Lauderdale.
I Wish I Could Get A 'Good Morning Beatiful(:' Text From You<3
I'm 2 minutes away from cursing out my step dad.. As I say this my mom has changed the channel to the game w/o me saying a word! LOVE HER!
max is the best!
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference
its so so so god!
Pink White Black And Purple haha
Make you play with the stick Ovechkin. Appreciate that ... let's go
Thanks for the #ff love. I'm hilarious but you're so damn easy to laugh at. :D
don't flatter yourself baby
Does anyone think the packers should re-sign will blackmon?
Nice looking yard. Your son did a good job! Lots of hard work!
Call and order your lunch from Shorty's great lunch special selection starting at $4.99!
At #NJSHA conf. by the beach in NJ. Looking forward to my talk tomorrow on the future of cochlear implants. I'm bound to learn something.
I liked the lace up boots.
also if you want you can follow our personal accounts: :) We follow back :]
will u follow me?
Sex On Delivery O_o
it's hard to believe but it's actually cold in vegas than in chicago
when you and ur gf get in a fight and then slowly and slowly things get back to normal <3.<3
shit me and u Both!
$NCVT only 23 million shares outstanding and an estimated float of 4 million shares, we really like this buying opportunity.
I love that you used the term scammed. thanks bro.
RT : Live from the set of The Abolitionists (coming winter 2013), a staffer in costume with Producer Rob Rapley
cinnamon swirl bagel w/ honey nut cream cheese and a peach
Hot laps were turning some mid 13s
Thank you for coming to our screening! So nice to see your faces in the audience.
When tagged that he was 31. I hope there is another that dons the name Shogun.
Members Card New York Rangers -145 (25 units)
i dont think your hot .. I think your SEXY . (;
RT : Great talk with from Lars Remodeling and Design ... Great Business Mind ... Even Better Family Man
Wow! I decided to go with San Francisco after much deliberation.
Seriously who do I have to blow to get my boyfriend to fuck me right now? Sweet Jesus
Somewhat disappointed that I didn't see SUPERMOON.
Thanks to all the parents who have commented/messaged me/texted about Owen's torticollis. I really appreciate all the info and advice! :)
Church with the familia then out to lunch! It's gonna be a great day ❤
Found the lyrics I wrote for my acoustic song I wrote in 2005ish! #Sweet!
I can clearly see a version of myself in which I marry & have kids in order to escape from this lifestyle, since I can't seem to do it alone
shout out to my new follower :) follow please :)
just one year. But still! So man businesses fail after one year, but I'm still here!
awesome! Sounds like fun :)
You're freaking wack and don't diss me!
Did you know, our students have interned w/ & many others?
Furniture Sale!!!!!!
BElieve, I believe
Excited for the trunk show tomorrow from 3-8pm ! I think I might find the perfect cocktail dress!
"You can't force creativity." Observation from my teen daughter
I needed the good news
nice to have a songwriting contest run with integrity out there!
yes sir. I knew a very happy husband would catch it
The friendliest #chase bank in Chicago must be this one on Clark and Barry: counted 5 reps saying hi and/or welcome.
Our online store will be open very soon.
I can't sleep either...
starting lunches tuesday. sorry for the confusion.
would have taken just as long :( and I would have to transfer lines twice
We want to make the parking situation down here between stadiums a mess in September and October #orioles and #ravens LETS GO
Some roster rules of note: 1) limit of 3 players from any 1 team
Eric Clapton killing it at valley view San Diego!
Just to clarify, that last tweet was from two days ago. Verizon took its dang time to upload.
Everyone follow its for a great cause folks!!! The world needs more people like this...
Enjoying reading books rather than internet media lately. At least the plot progresses and the characters learn and grow in novels.
woah woah hey, what are you and doing on my facebook profile
Paris? Budapest? The moon?
Hell yeah :) And you know I'm down for grub! Let's make it happen this time!
Cause we're all just kids who grew up way too fast.
Why thank you kind sir and no there is nothing wrong. Haven't been tweeting long and have been trying to understand the
Check out my report 2nite @ 10 on CBS58! I spent an action packed day with a group from the MKE Co Sheriff's Office which catches fugitives.
Tebow led NFL in Red Zone TD efficiency last 2 years. Scoring=winning. If Manning wants to win, should've DEMANDED to keep TT as a 'player'
I'm on a smear campaign right now! Lls
right? Although I can imagine the look on my Mom's face when she saw it was a Lowe's gift card.
Thank you for those who came out to Apartment 720 last night for our Birthday Bash, it was a blast!!!
Omg Christopher Plummer is so inspiring! What a career & winning his 1st oscar at age 82!! Never give up no matter your circumstance or age!
Of the bright green color of lush grass. You know...a VERDANT.
Paint or sleep? It's a toss-up. Paint or sleep........
To all Firefighters, EMTs, Police, & U.S. Soldiers: Thank you for your service! With glasses raised, here's to you.
arm okay?
i love my school ha ha fucking with black kids. so funny
What did you think of the "Newsweek Cover" with Obama being The First Gay Marriage President? Story by Andrew Sullivan!
Last day of school tommorow
Stevens-Acevedo, amazingly, says that attending #cunydhi a year ago & asking for help/collaborators led to successful NEH start-up grant
I hear the GOP has trouble with addition.
For processing, SoundGrain is a kind of unique granular app that I've started to play with. Free.
The Bay Area has a warm breeze today. Summer is on the way!
Gimme that shit!!
follow me please!!(:
Happy V-Day i love you so much babe
Sitting here bored with nothing on TV
Not laughing at 's innuendos and then making her explain why they're so funny? Awkward hilarity ensues.
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly Girl u ugly as Fuck
oh will then i dont know what to say . - . -
agree. The sunglasses especially. Why put them on inside, and then pull them down when you want to see something? Lame.
throw hard in arlington next week. We will be there.
Ketel one and soda, strawberries and balsamic and Castle, House and Once Upon a Time on the DVR
Wow! King Henriq! Just Look Amazing! :-)
None whatsoever. I just love it that much.
RT : Find Chameleon at our booth on Red River in front of Beerland & at at the #FrenchLegationLawnParty TODAY!
Whoa, Craig Counsell has thought of a comeback? Please, Craig, WE NEED YOU!
I'm listening to an interview I did in 2009. My accent is so thick. I love it.
Who had the brilliant idea to turn the power back on???
To hurt our RPI I assume RT : What's the point of BracketBusters for the Valley now? Losing the CAA is a big loss for that event.
You only ask it in your head, then shake the sticks. The first to fall out is the answer. The kid interpreted the monk...
Mary Jane never fails me. She such a sweet girl. 💚
Sadly no. Just liked your quote. So nice seeing you this week!
“: Gotta get rid of my "only when I need something" associates.” <---
FOX 7 News at 9 is on!
The Miss Universe® preliminary competition just finished and it looks to be an amazing pageant on Monday (NBC)!
he's just a ray of sunshine right now. writing 'i love you' notes, putting them all over the house for us. always telling us sweet things!
We are a white out #azspaseries w/
We can't wait to see you either!
Fat s/o to the boy for getting to the dance a 2nd straight time. Go hard from the tip cuz!!
Late night chillin in the lab like a mad scientist....Rippaaaa!!!!
Night everybody.
lol not! Every one keeps asking but no one is $$$
Reminder #Packers fans, follow for your chance to win a #GEEBZ shirt!
thanx for the follow
What would you like to see more of? If you answered with more fiction, then pester your writer friends to send us some of their work.
ima sugar high from too many cookies T.T
what a sad depressing state of affairs
you never even knew,well the truth is about to come out
Board backs $15.4M sale of Cleantech Manufacturing Center land to Trammell Crow to build 300K sq. ft. for sustainable industries.
Why is it 11 and I have yet to eat dinner?
At to hear talk from Frank Deford, one of my favorite sports commentators. Catch his commentary Weds on
Thinking of #jonstewart monologue in my email campaigns from #Obama emails"Hey" is not a good subject line!
When all you do is consume things to galvanize and feed your pain body, you will eventually consume yourself
Happy IPA day! We have a lot of yummy options... if you're so inclined...
SCOTUS also ruled that the US may deport immigrants without first getting permission from the receiving country.
A blonde locks her keys in the car. After failing to break into the car, she says "Damn, it looks like it's gonna rain and the top is down".
What’s the ABQ event? Your tweet doesn’t give details or a link....
Stop and see us in Pasco while you are here, we'd love to chat about #innovation & what we're doing for entrepreneurs!
Love it RT : Sleep is for people without access to the Internet
Love this. Thank you for sharing.
Maria! I was hablaing spanglish. What's the correct way to habla los words?
You think you're so cool cuz you can pee standing up.
Great news as we just confirmed a great DP for "Cell." She won a Student Academy Award for a short she worked on so not too shabby
Looking for a place to eat tonight? Why not visit one of the Dining for Life supporters & give back to charity. www.yourluckydeals.com/blog
When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on for so long in the first place.
Will found out the hard way tonight that they mean business at Buffalo Wild Wings when they say "Hot." And he thought he was a hothead.
Proto Pro-tip: Practice your presentation, make it lively, and refrain from a dry read!!
They are talking about people and the #Beatty's harassing me after stealing from me. You will soon read about it in the press.
Stay focus attack the basket take smart shots
Yayyy!!!!!!! RT : 2nite Me & gotta start lookN at flights ✈✈ for LA WE COMING
Italian American Cultural Center is so nice! They are putting up a bocci court...my life is now complete haha.
ah, now I understand. from the pic, it looked like you had some sweet highlights mixed in w the strawberry.
Sinking slowly, the water is higher... Desire
SM is oft more egalitarian space than galleries. Should it be where museum takes on more informal voice?
What it do Peoples, checkin into the world to see if ya'll feelin what i'm talking bout through my music. Let me know how u feelin bout it..
I say i hate u but in reality i cant stand being away from u more than two minutes but u be a bit#h sometimes
We Are Providers OF Quality Gifts For Any Occasion #Discounts #UniqueGiftsForMen and #UniqueGiftsForWomen #Return Policy:FREE
thanks for the mention! Glad you're finding the insights and gifts series helpful.
*Singing to Aaron Carter* I WANT CANDY! Beka: "Get in my van!" XD
Oh wow damn that sucks for #Celtics lol
staff photo shoot day = hilarious. Can't wait to see the photos!
Who wants to move to SF and be my roommate? Hmm? I can assure you your life will become 1000x more awesome.
There sure has been a lot of awesome this week...70 degree weather, #cocoaconf friday, new iPad this weekend, hopefully more awesome to come
happy 4th Greg!!
Pictures lie :P
is an example of a idea born out of social entrepreneurship
Watching #SMASH. The chorus cattiness is a little overt - don't they know those comments are for AFTER someone walks away?
slow day at the office - more focused on work.
I didn't find anything for me lol Ima go practice see what I can come up with
I don't even know why I'm up right now being that I have a busy day ahead....
When you retweet by accident <<<
Yeah Marvin Smith's Series 119 vimeo.com/bugalusmith is healing music as is all his over 1200 videos. He is amazing!
Old school 007 is pretty rad, but his shorts.... They're really short...
Destroyed another kickball game NBD
Sitting in the office while everyone is off for spring break. Check.
I can only DM you if you're following us. Send a note to marketing [at] decide
I'm so glad you like them! Best in the biz if you ask me
Last years in Eastern Conference Finals.
Not about Tate or Manson, but makes references. It's one of those movies that is better to just watch 1st... Then research it.
Air Algerie refuses to reduce prices of flights to France, French authorities say
"Me too! :-) : If you want to trade Patrick Kane...please tell me know so I can laugh at you and then block you. #Blackhawks"
And you will be taking me as number 2 of 4.
I wish these doctors would tell us the truth of what is wrong with my wife She just wants to go home
I ask everyone to wear pink tomorrow please xoxoxo Consuelo
Yeah, right, Twitter :o
Watching Charlie Brown Christmas. Can't get any better than this! Oh wiat, it can...Snoopy dance!
Today my path was crossed by a black cat. Stalking a turkey.
Very nice!
We just wanted you to know that we think we have the best fans!
why are you not at Hollander?
Stay strong, d00d.
put that thing away
ditto!! “: I know it's time to leave the office when the zumba music and screaming starts #wtf.”
Madonna is not good
It must be somewhere around here
It's only 3 miles from me! I've been sleeping easier at night now that I know I can obtain a gourmet cupcake anytime I please.
How do we create economic prosperity by cutting services for #children who need the most help?
you suggesting he might actually be human like the rest of us?
that's nuts. I may ask you for an address this weekend if I can make time. it's out of the way but not that far out of the way.
thanks for the follow, what's up?
St. Paul is the only place on that list that would be ok...and that would be just barely!
Come stay with Comfort Suites Fishers, mention this tweet and save 10% valid until 1 am 3/4/12
lmao my favorite movie!
that's rad!
better have went shoe shopping today!
omg lookin cute:) ... Hope you have fun!
What's good Wi??
Walk it out Chi Town's D Rose! 100 bucks says he is back next series
we should! and then we should probably live tweet it so everyone knows how educated we are.
You're all kinds of famous and stuffs. I'll have to make a fangirl shirt now. :)
The studio is definitely going well. We should have a studio video up fairly soon!
lmao but if like observe the video u will see them
There's the YMCA summer program, parks like Garfield parks have summer day camps for kids, etc.. I can fb message you the links
Phew #exhausted need a va-k asap!!!
no they aren't idiot.
thank you ... so much more rational a spelling. Another interesting music industry/computing industry divide.
reporting tonight Mogadishu #Somalia Makes me sad that whenever top story is #Africa, its '3 D'S' Death Disease Desperation
John Lozier welcomes the 50 formerly or currently homeless consumer leaders among more than 700 conference attendees.
home. such a wonderful word ;)
Glad I seen my bro Denzel tonight tho
hi there! interested in joining a new website?
It was great Guy - a mixture of kid stuff and a little catch up work but a good weekend. How was yours?
Really.. 130-170? How does a forty point range make any sense?
Report impaired drivers.... You never know, it may just save a life
you're funny. :-) miss your face!
A fiery, passionate victory speech from
Has she even had to drive her own vehicle since she had a hit?
Something about how she wanted to look pretty in her pretty dress and show her face, so it would be seen all over the world?
#mithril is probably my favorite hashtag. Also, the silliest.
I'm blessed to be able to come home and spend the day with my mom and family. I know some of my peers aren't able to today.
I know it really has! Don't forget we are face timing tomorrow! ;)
google hangouts, Skype for internal; twilio or goto meeting for external, Skype in a pinch
Must go to the gym and then maybe for a run, just to get the stress of yesterday away. Then I can attack this day. 1st stop...Disney studios
Downtown L.A. this morning. Divorce/custody court. Hopefully it wont be too ugly.
We're working on Beijing
I'm in Orlando, it's 72 degrees and everyone here thinks its cold. Silly Floridians.
I might have a first time gem being this is my first novel
If the Leafs game is on the NHL Network again tonight I can confidently say I'll never purchase Center Ice again
Detroit artists about to #TURNUP this summer.
haven't started, i have a final today and a paper due thursday. wanna send me yours?
no way. Backlund was crazy and locked ppl in the Chickenwing. That was crazy. Remember when he SNAPPED!?
Thanks for reminding me that I haven't listened to this song yet today. Time to change that
control for poverty and our schools are as good as any in the world.
LETS ALL GO DIE OUR HAIR PURPLE!!
I just bought: 'Electromagnetism: Nature's Force That Shapes Our Lives' by Lawrence W. Fagg #cua Physics
at work with no biggie smalls...ugh...you can see the bind I am in...
If you spend your day doing nothing how do you know when you're done?
Proposal of a 7 story car dealership next to an eventual rail-stop seems crazy to me...take the rail to buy your car? uh...no 2120 SW Frwy
#WebGreekTip - Import your Google Calendar, here's how: Go to Calendar ... File > Import Google Calendar ...Voila! gCal imported!
So apparently I get hard off bananas with my imaginary penis thats in my pants.
My aunt & cousins got drunk last night and my aunt was asking for a soft taco but instead she said ta sockos! God I love my family :)!
Hanging out with my Lil Brother, 1st time in a long time. He better not pee on anything. I'll disown him completely this time.
Up here in the states they have so many options. They will f*** with u today and move on to deh next tomorrow.
I had been in dark but; now im in the light.
“ retrospect JAWS used an awful lot of Piccolo &Oboe music I kept expecting 2 c gay merman appear JAWS 2 is where it's at" WRONG!
so im at S$'s with i have a quiche in my left pocket n some leftover glitter bombs under my shoe from last night. <3 Selena Gomez
I hate how all of this is happening
Can't wait for The Twelve: A Novel, the follow up to Justin Cronin's The Passage
Wicked gusty at tonight. My weak-sauce Helmsman rating did not cut it with dockstaff; found a skipper and crewed instead.
R.E.S.P.E.C.T Plays A BIG Part In Your Life !
Freaking awesome! Where and if what?
Healthcare is a need so let's not call it obamacare
“ 1+1=3 if you don't wear a condom.”
Hope you work out a lot.
you'll see when I rape you and you're Xbox
let your smile be your umbrella
Russell Wilson will be a starting QB in the league one day
Booyah! In your face other complimenters!
Jogger91: Surely somebody out there can tell me if there was a baseball player at the Baseball Causus session Tuesday????????
Got a Big Math Test This Morning.. Hella Stressing
Enjoying Web Afternoon? Give our sponsors a shout-out! Say thanks to and
Awesome to see you too ! Great event,
made my night.. ♥
ya dude going clubbing sober is interesting and annoying at times! I've been doing it! -Annalisa
Heading back to LA to spend weekend with family and my Valentine
If you want power so much that you are willing to kill to keep it, then you are unfit to govern human beings, let alone animals!
Wow. I'm sorry to hear that, good luck.
This summer looking pretty GOOD (: Things are surely coming together .
#ARealBoyfriend is a lady. -Sarah M (lettuce)
School after being home sick for two days..... -_- summer come faster!
#SpringBreak wrapping up in #Houston, TX, Time for the pina coladas and Coronas to disappear... for awhile.
Wow. Almost a full sleeve. It's beautiful.
He said if I didn't like it talk to his lawyer. So I asked for the number and he's now made his tweets private and won't speak.
Junior Silver Dancer clinic is coming up March 24th!!! Go to keyword JSD for more information!
Really good question, NYC with a country outlet. Or a South American outlet, like Argentina or Mexico.
The photography talent at #SATWNZ is absolutely incredible.
Okay, so if Fringe is coming back next year they've gotta be bringing back Community too, right?
Will you and Alex record it? i cant watch tonight, sorry!<AB
thanks for the shout!
no it is because I want to see who they like most :)
Kaito, ace ventura, riku, and more this weekend at #GMXv3 lets go!
I miss my best friend!!!!
We're excited to celebrate #Easter tomorrow w/ our guests. #Easter eggs will be hidden in very sneaky places!
dylan n I are visiting family.
#APlaceWhereTheSunIsSilent best band ever.
I've run out of things to tweet, now that finals are over. In other news, an obscure tv show is filming outside our apartment.
My quest is not just Philosophy but Philosophy packaged in speculation on what makes the universe tick. That is science, with mystical look
This woman never ceases to amaze me. Paula Deen is making Peanut butter cup brownie s'mores. Yummy
you're welcome :-)
My friend it is already here ... Just wait until Media catches up and start printing headlines about it
theres not really any right or wrong answer for some of the things we do. set answers only exist in math.lol
Fireballs? Why not! Hugh Jass with and !
Yes (my interpretation). His is a physician-directed ACO facilitated by a health plan. "Hospitals will have to switch mindset"
That awkward moment, when your fixing your nose ring in class and it looks like your picking your nose.
It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down on Friday.
UGH Well I'm In after Skool Rite NOW SO. :/
Trying a new product?
will the Champions Tour ever make its way back to Nashawtuk or another Boston area stop? Been a few years now
Oh grad school, why do you torture me so?
World Poker Tour Ireland Main Event Begins Today
woah harsh words!
My teacher talk to much!!!
#PlansForTheSummer grind wit my eyes wide...
But that dunk block was embarrassing.
Not a big fan of American Idol this season but I must say that song "Dance with my father again" moved me. Miss you Luther
you should follow me ;) we also should hang out one day!
It's still lob city when the lakers are playing. Just that Denver is throwin the lobs up! Lol
we call that "sand"
One day I hope you hear this, I pray you doing better. This is what it sounds like, if I sent my dad a letter.
I took a hiatus from twitter for a while. Thinking about joining the land of the tweeting...again.
Excited For PUNK'd On May 24..:))
Planning a trip to Canada's Prince Edward Island. Biggest concern: How puffed should my puff sleeves be? Must consult Anne Shirley.
I don't care if it's raining. Taking a cab makes me feel lazy.
When asked... "Why do I have more wrinkles than my twin sister?" My 1st question, "do you spend more time in the sun?" Ponder that today...
Me too! Skype from our phones sesh
BREWERS IN THE HOUSE ... #THEBANGARANG is already poppin off...lets go!!!
Whats up Ohio
looks fun. Someone please make me run!
yeah... I was thinking that too haha
when there is will, there is a way
what happened to what?
: Lookin for new friends wanna follow?
guess I'll just blast music. (:
you mean 3
Woo-hoo 1,500 Twitter followers! Kids Fitness really matters, lets spread the word #followme!
He has NO future. Our young bench is way too strong. He's a footnote.": If Santo wants a national political future(out now) #gop"
Thanks for the #FF We love you gals :)
back to da money$$$$
Stone tiles can be beautiful but as natural product they are less uniform in color pattern & require more planning for use & installation.
Hey 'Murica, I figured out how to stop all the bitching. Let's just all agree to call it "Artisanal Marriage".
There's still snow in them thar hills
Take a shot of thiiisss
My entire week went into error 37.
Had a Rockin date w/my babe - Cant wait for the next one! :D XoXo G-Nite ya'll!!
Honestly, I loved your version better than Usher's! You did an amazing job tonight!
Finally, at long last, reunited with CAROLINA'S!!!
if you do go back to that 1, you might see me every now & then. I might be the only black guy in MA with a Ron Paul hoody lol
game on lol. I installed diablo on my Mac air haha should try it out now.
If I #RT sumin bout textin that means DM ya # so I can text u
are you serious? Barkley hosts #SNL about as often as John Goodman
#np Let it be-The beatles.
i think that the nation should demand an apology.
So bored.
thanks, I will check it out - I've actually got someone working on a new site right now though
Can't wait for #4squareFRIDAY !!!
he probably thought you were a hot girl
#truthis I get severe motion sickness so easy!! Cars if I'm not driving.. I mean throw up sick... And movies with a lot of action! Blah
Hey im so bored at school follow me!!!:(
HAPPY NEW YEAR! Happy life, happy thoughts & happy everyday to you & yours. :) God bless you & your loved ones always... HAPPY EVERYTHING. ☀
Stop staring at the clock!!!
nvm u must not know English
The traffic meter turned green as I approached, no need to slow down or stop.
Mario Lemieux is widely considered one of the best hockey players of all time.
Rob want u
Reese's peanut butter cups: the perfect lunch.
On my way to palm beach
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
I am with 9News. Did you witness the incident at DIA? Can you share any pictures or information abotu what happened?
Good Reds win. Now it's all about the Masters!!
Lebron totally ran over Rondo, how is that not a foul???!!!! COME ON!!!!
If people can't deal with you saying fuck, fuck 'em.
no critter snuggles today, sad to say. i'm out of town.
I love you :) haha
Never Again Truth Orwellian
A surprising amount of software lets you install it even if you decline the EULA. Latest example: AMD drivers.
(2 of 2). Is there a dif? Actor changes, but both farcically imply BO could have done something and just didn't.
The Senate is voting now on student loan rates—RT if you agree we can’t afford to double interest on college loans.
Close!! I'm turning 12 this Sep.!
oh look up every avenue- what ever happened
The Best FOllowers!
you know which 1 I'm partial to...tho the lyrics no longer work. we have sluggers pitchers & heart
Fuck all haters I see, cause I hate that you breathe. I see you duck, you little punk, you little fuckin disease
": The Red Sox. I'm a mASShole." I like the red sox also.
or is it an actual film noir? haha
How about the "Governor Walker Program for Kids Who Can't Read Good?" #zoolander; Serious answer: "Right to Read Program."
Waffles w/ roasted pecans, pumpkin/persimmon butter & maple yogurt.
yeah I'd say so, Chicago is looking pretty solid thus far. Speaking of, headed to Wrigley for the first time this year
Making a baby don't make you a man.. taking care of one does. How do you bring a kid in the world an run away? Be a Father to your child
is dark
KING HENRY!!!!
GOGOGO! See you at the :20!
You should try to go to Lincoln Park Zoo, one of the last free zoos in the nation. I'm going next month sometime.
lol yea im broke so i culd use some money
are you playing at WT Phoenix??
Zombie can't sleep! Just ordered breakfast for delivery yum
awww thank you so much! You're incredible! Can't wait to play our tunes for you again!
So, what type of music do you have?
6k...that's aggressive.
oh ok yeah and i left preety fast..i had to go to work
hahaha yeah, exactly like the EMP.
Looking forward to a nice evening with and his lovely fiancé...
Spot trending now in Marina del Rey, CA: Cabo Cantina - Pub (live updates)
Dear Jeebus.... Please let me not cuss anyone out today.... People make it almost impossible but, I'm trying.....
thank you!
I swear! I thought it was just me. I guess it's all of us without socks.., :P
Last night was crazy! Rewind!!
how you feeling?
Follow us on twitter:
yea, I can't lie I was a chubby baby too but nothing, stressing over workk :/ what college you goin to next year
Can anyone recommend a good print on demand service for prints / posters preferably one with a well documented API?
We know you like #goodmusic, you're following us! Go listen to
We have a new member on our team to keep your faces feeling refreshed, smooth, healthy, rejuvenated & relaxing
RT : RT Use baking soda as a scouring agent to scrub sinks, bathtubs & tile. More #budget cleaning #tips:...
1 of the best things my wife and I do is "shots & shopping" where we hit favorite shopping areas and grab for shots at bars between stores
#TIIP4P Matt Donovan: survey finds disconnect between expectation that mentors/managers generate content and the fact that they don't.
Joe Walsh, Springsteen, David Grohl. No Foster the People?
Wishing all the moms out there a happy and healthy Mother's Day!
Mike-mike! Hello there.
Teachers need early access to iP - push the boundaries...what CAN'T devices do.
. Hoe do you like this photo?
Don't forget our special 5th sunday sale April 29!
Bad idea of the night...watch a creepy CSI then a scary movie - then go to Central Park at 3 am. Excited...
that sucks you guys back home now
did I send mine to you!!! Can we have signs ...
Working on my last article of the year. Ciao, 2011!
Wedding was a success they both looked amazing! Time to eat praise God!
Hard to believe there may be 5 WhereCamp events this year - SF, Nairobi, DC, Boston and EU
do you know she was at Seminar the broadway play with Alan Rickman too? Not in it. Just there.
Santa's coming... Did you hear that....He is an angry elf....All quotes you will hear between now and next year..boo yah!
nobody asked
What model do/did you have?
DALLAS PLANO ALLEN #BlacklightPartyOct22 BE THERE!
no it's only 11.41am here
It's weird watching this game. As much as I hate the Bears I just can't convince myself to root for the Eagles
Frank: Do u have brownie, cake mix for the brownies Amber: No..Well maybe @ work F:That's why we need 2 go 2 Wal-Mart A:I have jello.
#askjason ASK ME STUFF(:
ok the next 2 weeks are terrible for me, but i can squeeze the story in sometime during the day :)
yum! I love the color what's in it?
RedOakDiner in Montgomery had INCONSISTENT Customer Service on MothersDay: some tables very happy: fast service with their waitstaff...
's ears must be burning. I've been singing their praises at #nafsax for making our regional website transition so easy!
Like last year!
I'm with you there. I didn't have any expectations going into it, so I was impressed.
RT : margaritas. Responsibility is for losers
Bruins Win!!!!!
Ohh, really? Maybe that's why my Mom didn't want me to ask my Dad abt his time in Korea.
Loving your website and services BTW :)
nothing but love, keep your ear aboveground, here it comes
. Is it the same? Eminem makes statement for Chrysler (Detroit authentic) & Brisk (edgy). Lima(even 2x) just a pretty face for the guys
gonna take a shower then hit the covers(:
Ready for Monday
Gleason used to rack balls for me when he was a kid in Brooklyn and in Long Island. - Minnesota Fats
I think manufacturers should make it a point to make safety gear as inexpensive as possible. $500 for an avalanche beacon is crazy!
follow back :)
Can't seem to think of anything to get the wife for Xmas....
it was great! Had home made Italian dressing with huge cucumber, too! How's the children of the cornbread looking?
Just died a little after seeing
Well done is better than well said. - Benjamin Franklin
- Congrats on the move! Inked will miss you.
I lost my phone. I really wish i had wand in moments like this. I could be like"Acio phone"! But no..Damn muggleness.. :)
Lil riddle/math question, if NJ=G+T+L and CHI=NJ-T+L, what does CHI=? And to the old man next to me, pick ur balls up off the ground!
My wife gave birth to our second child this morning. I'm so thankful to God everything went well!!
RT : "The word philanthropy comes from two Greek words that together mean 'love of people.'" my new fundraising book
Absolutely! Have a fabulous weekend!
Funk Master Flex
Lord, Father Son and Spirit God, send your angel today to release me from my prisons, keep me in you way, and send me to specific people.
Where the buffalo roam
Beautiful day in DC, lush Cherry blossoms everywhere!
your twitter links do not work :(
LMAO IM DYING“: llam at bitch u aint been to my house i knew it was only a matter of time llam”
Thanks for the RT! I'm happy my post reached you. Thx
yeah, forget mornings! Boo!!
A1) As a child, we see possibilities as endless. As a adult we put our own artificial roadblocks to what is possible.
Im so emotional right now, Im crying over everything and anything right now
ooh really now
just tweet once! lol
Bo worries. Looking forward to it. :)
Don't Freak Out Yet, There's Probably A Simple Explanation!
RT The killer app for undergrad research is EasyBib. Zotero is overkill for anyone but honors thesis. /via
Back from the DC United game. Got home in record time. Now watching the Euro 2008 Championship
let me check websters and make sure you dont need cursed. I do need a good smoke tho.
Loved the "End of the World Party" Idea! Someone please run with that!
autocorrect is nice... some of time... kinda. But when it comes to _learning_ proper typing style it is a hindrance at best.
haha hell yeah no one's more clutch than Kobe
Thanks so much for noting me in your tweet! I just got back from a trip and am behind on watching but will comment when I catch up!
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. – Abraham Lincoln
Malik you finally inboxed me . I'm going to kick your ass forreal
i always pretended i was afk. i was mean
lol me too that and so co I just like to drink lol
My Facebook is stuck on a picture of kevin hart using the bathroom(:
Heh. "your pull request was seen by tenderlove on May 16th"
Just walked by a booth called, "The $40,000 Money Tree." That doesn't sound schemey.
so happy for you!
I have to agree~! LOL:d
Clinton: "we're the only country in the world that has a major political party that denies climate change"
Just heard for the first time... Diggin it. New obsession.
Romney's basic pitch: Obama has failed, but basically everything he's done I'd have done - or else I have done - too.
por favor no flirting on my TL I'm about to throw up
FlavorsFtLauderdale Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
that was super annoying inviting people to my grad party
lol...does it? You picking me up tomorrow right?
What is the greatest girls name ever????? Everyone tell me what you think is the best girls name ever
Last week for ads in the April issue...we have special prices for FB friends, hit up for more info
Cant wait to find out which Mixtape Coast2Coast is puttin me on
I'm pretty excited to learn about this database I didn't know of, called CQ researcher. This is the nerdiest moment in a while...
My first friend! Hey, are you planning to go to the book club this time? I would but am having trouble getting into the book...
Thanks man. Tryin' it out for a little while.
DETROPIANS! We are about to launch our first ever Loki Films Kickstarter campaign Thursday. Last minute tips anyone?
Come on, Will!
#20thingsaboutme 20. Last but most importantly, I am a Christian and I love God with all my heart. <3
Omg last day of High School, its gonna be emotional!!!!!! I'm crying already :'C i'm a little bishhhhhh
it's my bday since it's 12:30 wer I at plz make my bday wish come true and follow me
yeah or obey of those army trench diggers. :-)
More recalls... Don't we spend way to much time on this crap
Mission Early to Rise a somewhat success this morning...#productivity !!!
Museums I'd like to work in: Western Museum of Mining and Industry, Thomas Jefferson's Poplar Forest, Burlingame Museum of Pez Memorabilia.
3) Practice, then reflect. Grade/eval more on reflection than practice. (Helps with group work anxiety.)
At the Back to the 80's Dance! Soo much fun... Not really Lolz =)
get ur lazy ass up
A4: Gr8 idea w -best is free #MLB #ExtraInnings preview, watching now...haven't checked but should b tons promo there
Josh Hamilton now has 17 home runs for the season. The San Diego Padres' entire roster has 12 HRs in 2012
Hi Glen, Thank you for following! Hope you have a great week!!
carly's really not good live lolol
I know what I was thinking… but didn't realize the later records are so weak.
I try to get back at all of my fans
aggregated. bc it's all about curation now isn't it.
Well off to bed I go. Gotta wake up early so I can start setting up the school. YEAH ME!
what the balls.
Oops. And now my stomach is definitely mad at me.... x]
Over my dead body
When the green flag drops the bull shit stops!
Where do your favorite come from? I'm in search of the ultimate wings. I have an unhealthy addiction to GOOD buffalo wings...
Need a caterer for an event? Our mobile sushi bar can go just about anywhere! Contact for your next party
i think you ment to tweet that to yourself ✋👆
Reputation is what the world thinks a man is; character is what he really is. Anonymous
What is going on?
Anyways I still have to do my history project and test corrections for bio. Then I need to make a psych bag
“: You are crazy if you can't ACCEPT what each player has done or doing. No need to debate the same stuff each night.”
Tonight, 8pm, Emma Bull and Will Shetterly will be joining us for dinner and drinks, and favoring us with a brief reading of all new stories
M… shaved calve heart pizza.
chillin with the cestie derek :PP ---> mY pAnDa wont B backk for a WhilE she caTcHing thoSe Z's so hmu if U wana speak to Her ;-D
I'm gonna shave off half of my hair and dye the rest blue. Guys are gonna be all over me.
That moment of happiness when you find out that everyone hates the same person you hate.
Hockey silly lol
Who invented black jelly beans? And why in the hell are they in MY bag? Blech!
95% of the sentences I say I end with the word "yo", just because
Alright. I gotta stay at school all night tonight.
Is "Where on Google Earth is this?" an acceptable parlour game?
Love you too and you will get your song tonight :-)
Stupid Andrew instigates shit.
Walker will be playing with them as well:)
You may now eat the bride #JackInTheBox pure hilariousness
- More of a personal discipline/responsibility issue... we can't use every deficit in our community as a "right".
Enjoy your weekend!
Actually, I heard recently that professors' retirement accts perform well b/c they set them up and don't touch them for 40 yrs.
awesome job bro keep up the good work
my new hero MT : I've found a justifiable non gratuitous reason for including "Everything's Coming Up Milhouse!" 2x in a presenation
Ilyasova is on his grind.
I'm not sure of the details about my great grandfather, I'll see if my dad remembers anything else:)
the ridge
If you could have your guitar strap look like whatever you wanted, what would it look like?
Haha omg I love the mixtape! You were right its definitely 18+ lol
": "The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate." - Oprah Winfrey #quotes"
FACT: The Chipotle burrito weighs one human head.
Congrats on the win today! I'm stuck on the East Coast with lots of rain and no snow:(
this better be good.
Oh yeah its cool. You can play Audition with my friend and not text me. *secret* im lying. Its not okay.
That's what I like to hear, ma'am! A nice, formal apology. You are an awful friend. But I forgive you :-)
#Giro Glad to learn that dossard No. 108 has been permanently retired. It was a terrible shock to watch Wouter #Weylandt die on live TV.
Same old shit just a different day.......
#liestoldontwitter... But truth is u don't have no gas
here is an idea...EAT SOMETHING!!
RT : Glad to have speak @ our #meetup on the 17th providing the venue & Jerry B from providing refreshments
Especially via social media, think about what those who are connecting with you want to see and hear. It's about engagement.
#FF Have a great #SUMO weekend!!
Still smiling from the M. Ward show tonight. He played everything that I wanted to hear and Conor Oberst came out during the 2nd encore!
She keep her shyt clean I can hear it squeak when she walk
Vidal Sassoon, thanks for making us all look good. RIP
Rock'n the house in Orlando! Go
I should hope so
I went back and started trying all pass words I ever use, finally I got it. I did not find support in Twitter help for this problem...
Nope! Down 3! Heading home
I am loving the #Google home page today (:
Which was the moment when I impressed you most?
Come join me and the crew of Jersey Shore show this Monday, at Aztec in Seaside Heights. Lots of free of Bleacher Creature T-shirts
What are you watching?!
Thanks for the FF! We loved having you at the #ALAconf and enjoyed the tweets! Hope to see you in MD for the 2013 show!
Well, that makes sense . . . was curious if there was another reason, industry wise . . . Thanks for the info!
kudos to ms. williams!
I like the pic. Cute kid's
We are beginning to gather in the parking lot!
People that eat by leading with their tongue are aliens or lizard people. And don't get me started on the fork on teeth scrapers.
Ww have to choose the live shot for the back still. We will do that on Monday :)
Mosie you have almost made it 16 1/2 years as a loyal faithful friend,but now it's time for goodbye. I will miss you 12/1994-05/2012 Love U
Thank you! The Revolution continues...
Ah no :( Now I feel bad for wishing an infection upon it. But get it done forrealsies.
Confidence, Composure and Consistency.
which concourse/terminal are you on?
I think fertility clinics shd b set up n back seat of chevys so IVF women everywhere can feel they got knocked up just like everyone else
“I use #PLDLinux with #XFCE on my x64 machine. While wearing venetian-blind shades.”
Shake that ass hunny :)
Thanks for the follow Laredo Daily (LaredoDaily)! :)
isn't that what We have kids for? To get the remote when ur too lazy?
Is Say Somethin going to be on iTunes!?! I missed it!? I forgot you were in a different timezone! )':
haha that's awesome! I might have more then I should tonight, but it's ok lol
I love my advisor.
"fear not, for i am with you."
Never frown, because you never know when someone is falling in love with your smile.
Super jealous about #AmazingRace folks headed to Buenos Aires. I'm sure I'm a portena at heart.
Thanks I will let you know
We lift ourselves by our thoughts. We climb upon our vision of Imagination is more important ourselves. than knowledge.
It's all good! Do your thing! Your second choice career perhaps? Life is too short to be miserable 5 days a week :)
Don't think. Just do.
Congrats to Pablo Bermudez () for winning baseball Player of the Week.
What is Gus's mother's name? Cindy (pg 55) or Emily (pg 230)? Maybe I'm reading it wrong.
rlly?Aww:/no i stopped also:(i thought u were like some random person frm skool lol:)if u c anthony will u say hi to him 4 me?
If the NCAA Tournament started today, who would you pick to win your bracket?
wow that was quick! I will have to download it tonight!
I hope you make it through babe!!! LOL
see ya! Haha
#imsofuckedup I told my best friend "I'm so hot" when I walking like a giraffe upstairs. Do giraffes walk upstairs?
WOO CONGRATULATIONS! that's totally awesome
Welcome aboard Mr. Saturday.
Tony Auth's Sketchpad | A Change of Seasons Tony Auth's sketchpad on the change of season from Thanksgiving to Christmas.
ha that's my dad :)
thanks Sergio!
On Deck: Baby Shower....It's A GIRL!
Go go Gomez!!!!
RT #NCSC love getting the history of the charter school movement from Bill Clinton himself!
Might want to try ol' fashioned emailing too?
Just so that the people know. My "Hand Me The Crown" will NOT be a free download. However will be available on iTunes and Hard Copy..!!
Are y'all going to post photos of these new jerseys at least?
Just watched a thriller on Netflix. Would like to see #QR sidebar of film background details.
I can create a "Kardashboard" that gives you herpes when you drill down.
I had a dream like Mr. King (number two) But when I awoke I found it ain't true
don't you just hate it when you get cozy & are almost asleep, then you have to go pee?
M. Sweet Freedom. Thanks for the heads up! :)
I'm going to assume the poop was in high heels and she was picking it up. Man, LA IS weird!
you going to simone's
Tried some great restaurants in LA thanks to some of your check ins.
where I can download this amazing song I love this version
GL: thanks Claire, Jim Lee, Christine Balance. Start with moment blessing for ancestors all over world whose sacrifice made today possible
Picked up a graphic novel.. and heading over to the gym... feeling like a character in a Manga.
Lights will guide you home.
Is that the sweet taste of clean water? No, it’s the sweeter taste of making sure Iraqis have clean water
I will circulate your photo to my staff and tell them to overcharge you. If i can find a sober-ish photo of you. Ha ha!
I wish seamless could deliver bowls of cereal.
follow me back pretty ? :)
Two shows tomorrow (Wed) at 1pm and 3pm at Broadway Comedy Club. Get tickets in advance. We sold out today. Dont miss out on the fun!
New brilliant idea!!! Starting new trend for birthday party tomorrow -- follow the cray-crayness at
i want to write "there are a multiplicity of" but word is saying it needs to be "there is a multiplicity of" & now i am confused & annoyed.
Happy Birthday!!!
what's strange is that someone i believed to use twitter A LOT actually has less tweets & followers than i do. i've been back for like 2 mos
Bummer! I fly out tomorrow. Enjoy the 'fun' portion of #sxsw for me.
If the BBC was a person we would be such wonderful friends. We'd have the best time just hanging out all the time.
aye, what's Roberts twitter?? (:
it's the same color as the Italian suit that we looked at but I didn't buy it. I got a slightly dark grey one from express!
sweet....I went to second light at daybreak....got .2 little tubes, I was happy with the sesh!!!
Awesome!!!!!! Tell Sai at the Cashew Nut I said Hello!
arepas! actually so much better than Coupa in Palo Alto
Cruel pants
That sad night a night before school..
And we just added watching Killer Elite (starring Jason Statham of course) to our night :)
No regrets, my tweeps! We most regret what we do not try. Do it. Live it. Write it!
u got 2 other dues when he gone...✋👋
I love your blog
bout to hit the sheets!!!! good night everyone =)
A very special thank you to everyone helped put this #movember in action here in Baltimore. Donation totals coming soon, stay tuned!
Eating a pop tart and drinking hot tea
when the hell did that happen??!!..seriously..whats next..skorts?...lol
New Orleans Pie The Series is in negotiations for a full 2 season run and distribution, we are about to go viral people!!...
For the new followers : if you want to ask me something or you Neef more followers just tell me !!!
Thank you! :)
Buying tickets to 's concert tomorrow, hope I get m&g :)))
#kidscasting just 35 minutes left to ask kids casting agents how to get kids into tv and film
I 💚 thunderstorms.
dude that's what it's all about! The enemy was defeated and death could not hold Jesus down! He saved us all! He's risen
you get robbed pat?
Hat-trick for Thierry :-)
Gonna play Black Ops with my bro
"The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge." Daniel J. Boorstin
Due tomorrow = do tomorrow.
RT : you coming to bvu lunch & learn tomorrow? --> Sorry. No can do, BIG prospect meeting.
Here we go...Carlson on the Law on
“: Work was a bad choice.” I hear ya.
#1ofmymanyflaws I forgive people too easily
When sends you an 11 min video called "how to Twerk for dummies" <<<<
Sitting at the mall with Paco bored as fuck lol
Hey man, I'm looking for a job in NY, any leads?
FischerWhat is this life if, full of care, We have no time to stand and stare?W
If God is for me, who can be against me?
Good morning! Making that magic happen! ;)
Happy Mothers Day
10% off for you on cell phone accessories, repairs, phones, pager repairs. Just say you're a Twitter follower.
This #HungerGames race thing is hurting my feelings. Even in the middle of all that's going on.
haha...the worlds' big enough for both!
I'll take a follower whenever I can!
#SometimesIJustWant to be a fish and forget everything in three seconds
Sir, I wanna buy these shoes, for my momma, pleeeeeaassseee
aye broski, u gotta true friend in And you can do better alot better than that hoeski. Get well bro
that's crazy.
cat is snoring like a bad boyfriend
It's getting harder and harder to carry this big ass sack around.
;-) are those the so-called thousand year old eggs ?
Taking a break from the studio, hope to get out before 5:00 am!
Praying my little heart out.
What??!! When & how did she die?! That's awful, she wasn't that old!?
"we need people from all sectors to make the movement"
Thanks, Jessica. One of these days I'll actually get back to writing for the blog.
Family Guy.
New to Twitter and trying to connect with #SLPeeps - hope this works!
Judge me by who am not by what you think..
Love it!
I am profoundly jealous.
I could eat trail mix al day ❤👍
i love how we had a random lunch at the ranch market :')
Thanks for taking it! I appreciate it.
Never give your time to someone if that one never respect ur feelings.
That's how it goes. I've had a few servings already myself!
About to call my baby in a few a talk till we fall asleep <3
you said you were at the movies alone. Your FB status said married. So where is she tonite? LMBO.
thank you :)
Private Practice, Grey's and now Scandal. Good stuff!!
Popcorn popped. Almost time for movie night.
So I'm at work to tonight, it will be a long 1
Derby day on Monday is going to be so fucking
See this is what I'm talking about. lol.
Good Morning Twittervillers
Its a wrap
Countdown......#9days till
BZ: "The gene itself is not necessarily deterministic; it’s what’s being expressed, and how the body is responding to it."
: Oh, you're having a bad day? In 1976, Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake in Apple for $800. Now it's worth $58,065,210,000.
Need Fantasy Baseball help? Tweet right NOW until 5p ET. Ray Flowers () is there to help YOU.
That moment 50 of your friends post on fb that they're now "an alumni" and your little Latin heart dies inside.
Did the plane leave without me? #ThisiswhatIgetfornothavingasmartphone!
That's true he's from Canada.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you're singing your heart out in the car with the windows down and a car full of people pull up next you...
Hm, what to wear?! I've amassed quite a fetish nurse wardrobe & I have to plan my nurse outfit for next Friday's show.. Any suggestions?
Im at tutorin watchin dis act of a play (practice)
I'M SO HONORED :))) bahahaha! Love u too girl!
Yes! Me too. They are creepy.
Happy Mothers Day!
SWC's Gotham St. entrance will close for construction Monday, May 21. MTS buses will stop on Otay Lakes Rd., not enter campus.
amazing poets
Do you currently use a LMS and social learning?
Two words: Bird. Internet.
so lucky!
Recruiting for a Regional Account Manager for a client in Chicago. The Account Manager will drive sales of software solutions and services…
She Give All Dhat Brain And Still Haven't Learned Shit
One of the virtues of being very young is that you don't let the facts get in the way of your imagination. -Sam Levenson
Why are there never enough outlets at tech conferences?
thanks fam and happy early birthday!! Live it up bruh!!
have fun tonight and stay out of trouble you crazy kids.
damn settle down over there!
Cleveland State also loses their 1st rd NIT game against Stanford, 76-65. Bad night for NE Ohio teams in NIT.
Whaaaaaawhooooooo it's Friday.
Microcosm through Macrocosm: flash flood of quantum perpetuity: psychopyrotechnic efflorescence of omnipresent cognizance.
When I say that I won't tell anybody my best friend doesn't count.
she pissed me off!!!
LMFAOO IT WAS A JOKE>
I have to but I can't do it v_v an Good Job
i`m such a good driver
it just makes me think of a child's drawing of "home alone"
Ok let me find out otherwise!!!! That's a BET!!!
thunks are like a pop on steroids. it's not natural. But since my back feels better, I'm going with it.
Happy Star Wars Day!
you cant always have good luck , so i will understand & Also thier is always a next time !
Good Afternoon !!
Who is this Chris Rock impersonator?
GOOD EVENING TWITTER FAMILY, Dove Style Magazine has great articles & info on health, fitness, finance, celebrity interviews and much more
Family should be a little more about supporting each other and a little less about blaming each other.
Did you see this Dave? www.skyspark.eu/web/eng/index.php
Happy birthday from San Antonio TX, April, and may you celebrate so many, many more7! ")
Thirsty Thursday,Cinco de Mayo style...
Lots of questions on Juan Mata and Arsenal. The interest is genuine but I think it depends on other deals. Don't know if it will happen.
Q2: That one day at a time works and so do the 12 steps.
Be sure to check out Bandwidthmusic.com! Great indie music online store!
went and rented Footloose again, I should really buy it. (;
Thank yoU!!! Thank you!!! To everyone who came and supported A.Y.S. Grown Folks Game Night. It was a HUGE Success and it was alot of FUN!!!
Get fly or go home #1 rule Shay Shay
It's long past time for some sleep. Better late than never.
the best one)))
that's the easiest decision!
Almost to Texas for SXSW!! Party on!
Don't ignore Facebook, rather, plan for it: A tale of two organizations’ Facebook responses to crises (from )
yeah I use it more for bookmarking a la a better pinterest, but I get the issue with my site, for sure. Though so far my seo is ok
“: Someone needs to invite a alarm clock that emits the smell of bacon.” mmmn YEAH. ;D hahahahaha :P
teacher talks about bill clinton & brings up sex i start cracking up then everyone stares at me like a dumbass.
Thanks! : Such a fun, creative idea!
but Lambeau Leap is OK? As arbitrary as defenseless receiver rule.
Even an angel can end up falling
Random. I live on Kestrel Place. First time, I've noticed the bird in a book. Twice. The Soldier's Wife.
- YW! As always, thank U for all the great financial tweets.
Oh, you want the cameras out of your face? Please tell me more about how you protect your anonymity while you sign a release form.
: sick Drum KiTs
