I always say, during the season, that this stuff pales in comparison to matters of real importance, like the Afghanistan War.
KJo films = a place of license...
Thx T! March 1 I better get best twitter tutorial in the world. Attending American U Digital Media Grad program!
Our pleasure to bring you our first great Doc event in Boston! On to DC! Tell your friends!
Yup - my wife saw a flash
I have a big problem right now
This game is still 1-1??
It's just that I think 7 AM is too early to be worried about oxford commas.
have u talked 2 him about it?
lol you like it au natural
Thanks much! We're really only scratching the surface on social media's application for business
thanks for the RT Robert. Appreciate it tons.
Last event at the PRC of 2011 is Site Night from 6-8pm TONIGHT. Come share your #photography #website and learn how others designed theirs.
Well, if they're predicting a Jazz upset, they better hope Tony Parker gets struck by lightning, giant PG mismatch there
Got our Letterpress today!
Haha great sarcasim! Made my morning.
tweet tweet. is this everyone's first tweet??
Well thank you :D
would help if i had paints! do i fuck! i cant paint for shit anyway
Performing with artist Stephan Keating tonight at The Wolf Party @ Le Souk :D
I've finally found something I like about #Bachelor Ben...his mom and sister. It's a Christmas miracle.
YAAY. you landed safely! (: how was it?!
Online Travel Companies to Enhance Services with the Recent Significant Increase in Demand from Consumers Online
SAG voucher in my hands tomorrow. Hear that universe? Just putting it out there.
OH my that could be a tough thing for you. ;)
Iron Works…
u r such a hard working girl I'm really proud :) I'm so sure you're doing great in leaning English :)
After 2 rough yrs for Joe, u are all-time #1 RT u should let me draft ur team. Historically I am homeless mans
you should so i can have them at lunch:)
That looks good. How many groups would you like to get? Count in.
Working on becoming more effective versus more efficient.
Hey - thanks! Yes, moms of twins need support in those first years!! How old are your twins now?
im fasho getting the playoffs
What's wit the? ?
. & I just had the most amazing day working with & offering feedback to students on their design projects. So much fun!
yeah I know. Especially when there was another person sitting there.
HOW UGLY LOL...
Most people fight for the dumbest reasons.
Birth certificate for baby allegedly fathered by Justin Bieber reveals boy's name is Tristyn Anthony Markhouse Yeater
"There are never enough I Love You's." ~Lenny Bruce
No game AND no dinner date. Baseball boy you're failing me.... I'm gonna blame the damn Dodgers :(
Death of Spy, Zipped Into Bag, Spawns Theories and Inquest - New York Times
Never borrow shit... but niggas owe me a arm and a leg...
So #Boston and #Atlanta both choked in September? Last night was quite a wild ride!!
Well put, love that!
didn't even know u was on twitter young blood following now
#TheOneThatGotAway music video is so emotional!
Social ntwks as "info evaluators": how are our patrons evaluating us? Yes! It's why we monitor tweets & solicit feedback on Facebook.
I was secretly rooting for "Precious" too but haven't seen it. Pretty sure I don't want to either. Looks too real for me
Rainy overcast day here... Reading and enjoying be horizontal on a sleepy Saturday!!
he has a fundraiser this week so clooney must live haha
good morning how are you doing this beautiful morning
The one penguin game I watch & their loosing..
The Silk Tie likes Chris! We want to sell game changing ties that make men across the world look good, thesilktie.com
The new PIXEL-Micro 48x60 is coming together...only 20,000 more brushstrokes!!
Thanks! I'm feeling better already.
At my Lil bro soccer practice ..
225k jobs added in March thanks to the wedding industry?
then Carmelo should be salivating
Trivia of the day: The town of Jean Lafitte was once a hideaway for pirates.
Looking forward to a long day in the editing room tomorrow. That's where the magic happens!!!!
Hey, I heard you like the wild ones
#votegrahambgt we got your back :) Let's go Graham!
Equipment for superior stabbery is never a bad thing.
The float that won the animation award, has some crazy movements going on. Pretty amazing!
#WhyWouldYouCheatIf you know u're eventually gonna get caught?
I have 5 projects due on Thursday and that's the day I'm supposed to be getting surgery. ):
not going to bed until you follow me! <3
i have all the blankets i want AND i'm using ryan's pillow, but no cuddles :(((
This is just an intro'd piece. Expect lots of debate and discussion from all sides.
thank you for the up date... The best of all Possible worlds
silly passwords, link already!
i wanna be high, so high.
Spanish homework done 3 hour later and one page of english and research done!
Gearing up for an 11pm kickoff 4 weekly soccer game. Pray I don't get hurt using this adrenaline & actually score a goal! Back of the net!
first 1 in like a year Went for a swim at lunch and looking at strength training after work. Wonder how long I will keep it up
do it to it big daddy
. Great!!! Let's see how the Motor City Moron deals with getting some Dixie Chicks treatment
soon! share us with your friends and make this possible!
what a great day! the holiday weekend almost here
Feel free to correct me on this, but is the Galaxy S I the first Android device to launch with ICS?
well, all I can say is your liberty family won't stand for that, and you MUST come to family dinner after the service this week.
is it tonight?
Don't miss our Herbals class tonight with Dr. Wazny! Call to rsvp!
tell those cali boys that's there's nothing free in life. Lol
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, the passion to change the world
Hooah!!! How's it going, my friend?
Thanks for coming! Sorry I (we) didn't get to meet you??
thank-you moss Megan, have a good one :-]
I'm too sleepy. I'm in need of some
He was awesome, but I was pulling for Juliet. Sad that he had 2 go when he's better than the 3 from the other teams.
Some ppl r complete morons :p so i confront them about it
tell yourself that if it helps you sleep better at night. I'm not talking about what others think of you.
Julio Jones is making a strong case for the top rookie WR and might be worth the 1.02 in rookie drafts
No worries : )
Vancouver followers! I am looking for a marketing job in the Vancouver area! Will need visa assistance. Anyone have some leads or contacts?.
Go Bucks!
if this is the "real" you, then you might want to get your page verified. I'm new to this and someone sent me a link
I can sing good, wanna hear?
Watching Frozen Planet on Animal Planet!
WHOO HOO! Got my 15" MacBook Pro. The only thing I don't like so far is the screen glare, but I'll get used to it.
Hi. Hey.
Just realized I may not even be in Miami for the Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan concert. This is a sad sad day.
Ha. Nice story. So would be sending gifts to a Mayor DeMaio? Y'know...for testing purposes?
sorry to hear you had problems; can you open a support ticket or let us know what didn't work for you?
Happy Seventh Birthday Sam (a little late). Hope you had a really great day.
sorry I missed u today. Will be there 2 morrow. Email & I'll send my
Thanks for the support!!
nice! Good luck! I have a scrimmage thursday :)
When I wanna relax n clear my mind I like goin to sit by the lake
JUST MY OPINION: Fellas, some of you cats are taking this "SKINNY JEANS" thing waaayyy TOO FAR! (side eye)!
watching a guy in a meeting who reminds me of an old boss, who also wore a bowtie
You're very welcome Lacey! I admire & adore you! I hope you & Bo have a terrific weekend! Winks!
is moving! Looking forward to sharing where and the pics!
just got off work dude fuck that place
Right!!! I knew it was bogus!
it is a simple thing that has amazing results if you are truly patient
...and the Times is ON IT.
RT : A6: brussels sprouts, bacon, raisins, carrots, green onions, sesame oil .
want to win a free shirt? tweet this "hey guys! is giving away a free shirt to 1 follower! go follow them and tweet/RT this"
One of the greatest gifts you can give to anyone is the gift of attention. ~Jim Rohn
it's suppose to mean what I said?! Haha
I've probably stopped myself from shouting out to women running/biking about 1626373829393050173 times.
I don't think I've actually had a drink since I turned 21. Haha. No more age restrictions for you though! That's exciting!
i hate speech.....
Hey Everyone gonna get those pics from Wednesday up today!!!! Remember we are back at Club 212 on SUNDAY for part 2!!!!
this is me telling Will to get instagram lmfao
Use your experience in your experiments to achieve your expectations
yeah tryouts through FEB. I HAVE 2 try out!
“: S/O to who's leaving Hawaii tomorrow! We'll miss ya buddy! #gonnariseup” miss u too bro. Thx for memories!
I hate it when your trying to type something and your cat walks onto the keyaq2sesdggh=jkt6trv.;u'
Hangin at the library watching do hipster things. Come get registered!
Sex talk at the breakfast table..
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
"Last game we focused a lot on Derrick Rose, but now we can single in on Kyle Korver" - Jrue Holiday...
and tweets always make my day they crack me up
That In Your Arms video, with the jelly beans...well done.
Such a good day in the sun.
Touch may help alleviate symptoms of depression according to the American Journal of Psychiatry.
Accidents suck. Glad you all are okay.
Lol alright cool x]
OMG I JUST WANT JUSTIN,.
The country's greatest minds on Arab politics discussing the Arab Spring>>
even grilled cheese? :(
baby when you need someone to translate to spanish here i am !
Tee hee! My brain is fried enuf!
No need for anyone to stand in long lines for a MegaMillions ticket, I already bought the winning ticket. :-) 1-in-175.7M odds, no problem!
Totally psyched for an evening w/ the late great Whitney H brought to by none other than
#1 what's up with Nate's droopy lip for the past month? and #2 Jack is Chuck's dad...really?
I am the one from NJ! Went to college out in Indiana though.
Out and about for my afternoon jog with the voluptuous This new fad is sure to catch on.
Rumors Henrietta board passed family redefinition (no more then 3 non-related in house) Any truth to it? A Source?
Messi hat trick 3rd goal was ill
RT : Let us know if you try this one: New Site Shows You How to Enhance Your Higher Education With Google Services -...
Glad to be home for Mother's Day with the best mom.
idk what it is with females, im not too good with that shit.
Yeah, my pieces (like the Nemo) are awkward in size for simple storage.
i'm at the game tonight too! It's HOT!
Nice. Stay tuned.
... artichokes, the gentleman's fruit
How much do other countries spend on technology vs. what we spend?Technology: student-motive driven vs. profit-motive
Bible - or this book will keep you from sin or sin will keep you away from this book
Thanks for the follow, :)
And your brain thanks you for this.
Maybe it's a sign you should move to Indiana :)
Very cute! Is he/she a lhasa apso? That's what I had years ago, if so. Her name was Mitzi Tsu. Lol!
damn dude, good call. I was actually looking for it in best buy on Monday, then came home to find out the same thing haha.
Mil gracias! For the congrats, and for the beautiful part you played as a friend of this book. Abrazo.
It was great seeing you yesterday. You have to stop working so hard and get in to see me more often :-) Take care!
Thirty dollar sacks make sexy hos moist
Do you have any juicy water?
KING KONG where you at? Lmao
class is back in session FURTURE FASHIONISTAS OF AMERICA, i missed my students , cant wait to see them
you gonna be playing at is8 this coming weekend??
where can we find the actual interview? The link that you provided lacked the good stuff. Thanks
Ebenezer became a stir monkey when he believed what Sharon said.
MT : NCBDDD presenting plenary today on National #SpinaBifida Patient Registry at World Congress.
that's genius.
Maybe they should be more accomodating for us bike-less gals and make it "skip/hop/run/walk to work week."
I worl alone, need to get in and follow the twitter community more, you are inspiring me.
WANT SOMEBODY TO TAKE ME OUT TO EAT........... AINT MORE NICE GUYS LIKE THAT ROUND MY WAY :(
Giants win!!!!!
Me neither...just hope by sayn this i dont get ebola next week! ~ek
very :( I'd be so sad
Ok one final down...now all I can think about is the going away party and buying more bacon.
Why r kids so fat? Uh cheese burgers r 99 cents & salads r 5 dollars a bag -__-
It's BOGO time at 12EST for the first 5 orders that come in! Mention in the description what free tee you want or be surprised!
Many don't know, I use to shake my POM..POMS on the NFL FIELD..YUP a former Redskinette AM I:)
Next stop - Canada 2015.
RT : Just 3 days left to win $500 Plum District dollars! 2 enter, follow + + retweet
LOLOL 😉 I'm waiting on Carmen to get dressed then we can go eat! You work today?
hi twitters :-)
I be doing stuff I can't stop what I'm doing and txt you and you don't even txt lying butt
#LittleWhiteLies I had a great time
This weather about to show out in Atlanta -__-
I don't need a biotch like you I got my dog murphy for tht♥
Extended hours continue through 5/18 and don't forget our 24 hr space!
I'm drunk at Denny's
I'll send some vegan recipes your way ;)
Cancel your plane tics to Amsterdam if you're goin for the cafe's you have to be a citizen to enjoy happy smoke
So happy to welcome to the Fresh ID family! Great first day of motivated learning... Adam is our new sales ninja so say howdy!
"It's more fun to talk w/ someone who doesn't use long difficult words but rather short easy ones like "What about lunch?"- Winnie the Pooh
HE is risen! Have a blessed Easter! John 11:25-26 25 Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. The one who
yeah we ready. Should be fun
Looking forward to that mixtape!!
what were facial reactions?
We're going to get you that blimp and #BringJamesHome ....Know why? Cuz Rushers Rule The KCAs! :)
"GirlSpeaking: When people make fun of girls being pregnant. You don't fucking know their story, stop acting like you do. -_-" ily kenzie<3
Still trying to read my first #ebook on my ipad. Don't know if it's the book or the device, but not enjoyable.
“: the more i text him the more i want him!” *her
This Easter we celebrate our Redeemer, who said to his disciples, “Go therefore...” There's no better time than right now to share His love!
You've been hacked. I'm getting spam DM's from your account.
4 day weekend!
Oomf is starting to piss me off everyday.
I maybe only a foot tall... but I am still your biggest fan! should have us both on the show together one day
I missed last night: hottest moms drawing at the Bellagio
Not king yet. Oh, there will definitely be pictures.
TSA showed me a new feature for my Reef sandles today... A hidden compartment. I had no idea
probably best proxy w/out knowing exact measures or details about dropped ceilings, raised floors, utility areas, etc.
Yes! RT : "When God speaks, he doesn't stutter. When he awakens u to ur calling, the snooze button stops working."
Easter Egg Hunt, 4x4 Mud Drags, car show, arts & crafts, & a Poker Run? There's something for everyone at the Annual JeffCo EXPO this year!
David LaChapelle suit vs Rihanna over CR & TM infringement is another reminder that photographers' rights must be protected.
Real girls aren't perfect and perfect girls aren't real. if you want a perfect girl, go buy a Barbie doll.
“: Real friends don't save hoes,they.share hoes” exactly!!
Friday Night Fiasco tournament tonight 9pm easten! Message rS Messatsu or BEATDOWN Stream to enter
I will remain positive & full of gratitude today. If I cross your mind, and you send love my way, I appreciate it. Not drinking bitter tea
can't wait to see at #sfiaaff12 So proud of you on
RT : Weird that Avengers was created as part of Obamacare. People really don't know what was in the bill!
Avoid high fiber foods before working out, while fiber is great, right before a workout is not the time for it.
; thank you for following.
editing my perfect strangers cover. I keep messing up while singing it so I have recorded it 50 times :/
i told myself i WOULD NEVER own anything American Eagle but yet my shoes are the brand .. :( tear
I started my homework at 7. That has got to be some sort of a personal record for me
I forgot to refridgerate my leftovers
The #Dj just did a bad azz #BeastieBoy mix here #RIPMCA #Lakers vs
Heh thanks for the shout out on the Pokercast and (Mike) :D.
not much, hbu?
It reads: "Move semantics in C++11, meanwhile, lead to higher performance" Figured good update to our own Biggest Changes in C++11
Of course, I have a special interest in the anti-gay issues. I already sent you a link to my project so you know that already.
wanna let me see your packet tomorrow and I'll give it back in apes?
RT : No Problem, This Film Will ALWAYS Have An Impact On Me, It Inspires Me To Be A BETTER PERSON EACH TIME :)
don't forget to remind her often that CONTROL is now COMMAND! that really screwed me up, former PC that I am. :-)
lol she's getting big!
I annoys me when people's horoscopes get posted as a tweet. Like make that stop.
yeah they do.
He passed last night in Dallas.
OMGG ur in fl I live there!!! I wanna meet u :(
who am I beating up?! Lol. Text me if you need anything!
You realize how much easier to ask more of others, when you demand everything from yourself?
CHEERS to a wonderful weekend ahead!
is The best out there in Orlando
fuck outta here! RT : The fuckin Knicks SUCK ! I counted on the sorry ass team to override the Heat . Losers .
Clearly the key in an #auctiondraft is to not blow your wad early, though it depends on how big your league is. (CONT)
little column A, leading to a little column B
love it <3
sounds kinda weak
Yay! Got some worked lined up!
true. Since when do you have a night job?
Glad to see #UNC, #Marquette and #Wisconsin make it to the
Just say the word! Can guac be involved too!? Ps, swiched to the voice. Those bitches were giving me a headache.
I heard it from a friend who heard it from a friend who heard it from another you been messin around.
drank one gallon of #kangen water yesterday before, during and after hot yoga.
I've rockin out to 70's Rush since yesterday. Best decision of the week. Maybe even the decade.
Typo? "The problem is that they are not being given adequate financial resources... to do." --> "do so".
... Loved seeing y'all tonight, as always!!!
I hate stuck up bitches
lol yeah, every time I read it I say.. "Damn Picasso, that's harsh!" No wonder he created ~ 50,000 works!
im hungry, so yes eating like niall sounds good right noow..
I'm sure you get this ? a lot. Do you and Charles Barkley ever talk about the behind the back dunk ?
Early morning meeting with the Comm Department--
look your a big reason for the seasons success. Keep your chin up and qualify for the Champions league.
have fun my man.
#manning arrives at headquarters
were here
four loco + mexican food on the streets of San Francisco
otherwise they ask what i thought and a long critical rant begins and then they glare :P
I rank based on week 12 to 16 production over the last 2 years.
Stay Positive and everything will turn out eventually.
RT : If ur a young hustler on the come up , u must have confidence that ur hard work, dedication and faith is going to pay off.
Today will be a great day!
Federal spending on healthcare is greater than federal spending on defense. WHA?!?
aaron here, just bought the Doepfer R2m Ribbon controller...looking forward to making beautiful sounds with my Doepfer Dark energy.
Walt McGuire (NuWealthDynamic) thanks for the follow.
We will be posting photos from cityLAB's Community Meeting last Wednesday shortly and announcing our next meeting -- stay tuned!
I know! I've heard so much about his texts through the years. I hope JJ compiles them in a book.
Temple Chai Chanukah Festival in Buffalo Grove today from 1:15 - 5:00 PM. Come see Balance Lady Designs. Great gifts for everyone!!
As long as you have the Internet and MANY sex workers do, we can set the story straight! It is a flawed idea to think.....
Good morning everyone!
As a stabley housed person, I carefreely go to sleep in MY bed every night, accustomed to the sounds around me.
OMG just finished and I can't wait until next season! So many questions?!?!
Making $ is easy. Press shift+4.
bring my damn man back home I'm about to leave his ass
Hellbound Hero comes to life tonight...
natalie made it for me I never even got to see it
well we're still friends. We just didn't wanna date anymore because we didn't want each other like that
The LA Dodgers have been sold for Two BILLION dollars..... BILLION
unsuccessful study idea number 1) watching the crew while looking at notes online.
lol I love u
Yeah. They aren't out in paperback yet, girl......
lol well it keeps unfollowing people
hey. 😃so you warm up from your AC? Lol
Have you tried Batch 206 Vodka yet? Great juice! Do it.
I would actually prefer to sit on his face...but I guess I wouldn't be picky with that little Swede and his flannel
Honored to be in such good company, Victorio. Thanks!
Interesting debate in the office this morning. Better coffee, , or ? What is your choice?
this great. Are all of the pitches loaded up or are they still in process?
#crocafecollect Disney Cover Night (12/6/06) Electronified countrified and amateurified versions of dISNEY hits. Highlight? Perfect Nanny.
so i cut my hair, i had to make it my version though! hope you like it!
Jackson's very, very #cute. Thanks for
yeah! welcome back.
Good morning :) thank you sis! God bless your day! Btw I am done with my exams yaay ^_^ all of them went well.
The wifi on the train really sucks
That too
Shocking: Attended a dance (ballroom/latin) class last night and A) wasn't the worst student and B) enjoyed myself.
THANKS SO MUCH LOVE!!! I'll deff take a few shots for you;) love you!<3
aha welcome!<3
Well-rested, feeling good. The world is an oyster, let's share it. Carpe ostrea!
and now… pretend to be a student for a couple hours.
nice work!
For God has not given us a spirit of fear and timidity, but of power, love, and self-discipline. 2 Timothy 1:7
We'll announce our prize #winners tomorrow! Enjoy your day! Happy Mother's Day!
One hour into my trip to Detroit and the AC must died. It's 97. Gonna be fun.
New poll notes: a really high percentage of Dems. 46%; last one had 40%. Undecided/other still at 14%. No movement for Dumanis
"For every minute you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of happiness". Ralph Waldo Emerson.
call me?
I cannot talk about it yet.
atleast your teachers arnt on strike . i havent had a full day of highschool yet . latest we got out was 1O.
have fun beating us at the Garden
You will have to tell me what you think, I got a great response from the last art fair on that one. I love Grey hounds as well.
any plans to come to miami? It would be great to have a presentation of your company.
cal, i could you hear curse after the equalizer all the way from KC! Reign it in!
WTF? Still no email? Ah.
Thanks! I do love the Robert Harris book for older kids.
Good Morning Everyone
Pls follow back(:
Out downtown tonight. Gonna check out the live music scene! Hit me up - 414-429-3973
A tech. I heard dat battle bout to come out bro
nothing in particular...You?
So excited on how much things have picked up!
word n idk if my r.o.d not doing anything i'm go see him or idk lol
zombie books for teens? ROT and RUIN (maberry) + THE ENEMY (higson)...would appreciate other zombie titles for 7th / 8th grade and up.
No. 1 Ohio St. is tied with Michigan 14 - 14 with 11 left in the first
*So excited about passion Party's Holiday Deals*Tweetors and Tweetets you are have 2 check these deals out for yourself
gators baseball game tonight!!! (; <3go gators!!!
Somewhere along the line, 8pm turned from dinner time to story time, 10pm turned from party time to alone time, and 2am just disappeared.
Thank God. Don't go crazy on me, yo.
Full of gratitude. Today is beautiful. Make someone's day with a smile from your heart today :)
hey Ms. Lol
For Sale: Sasquatch pelt. Looks very similar to bearskin rug sold at Cuz's Pawn last week, but they are NOT the same item. $5 million firm.
Today is the only day that everybody goes to church lol
If anyone wants more info, send us a message at we would love to hear from you.
No law against staying over at his place?
lol i do that alot or when im showing someone a txt i hold my phone haha
follow Jose From Da Hood!
not it's not cause there's tons of pitching..isnt that many good QB's
I'd pay $12/year to keep the spambots away!
Aw shucks. Guess I'd better go write something then.
Intercon or Pfister? $50 says Dale Svuem will be in hotel bar by 630. Have seen him out countless times.
Welcome back #KRodsGoggles!
I would stop .... But since u gone be lookin my TL up and down ima give you wat ya want
Last night, I dreamed that Sarah Michelle Gellar (or was it Buffy? I'm not sure) decided to sponsor InfoCamp this year.
Is that the first of their "non-gay" programming?
#ImMadBecause I BEEN TRYING #3YEARS 4 2 NOTICE ME OR FOLLOW ME!!! :(
ok me too cuz im hungry mann :D
I missed Guitar Shorty Tonight,Damn!
Time for bed. I need to be productive tomorrow, I'm thinking gym/run, haircut, &
#LAKings!! Let's do this
I am thinking about getting a Honda Accord Coupe EX-L V-6 Automatic for a new car!
Hardly slept last night, worked 14 hours today. Why can I not fall asleep tonight??
$2 meatballs subs at Subway!? I get excited about the little things.
You also have the opportunity to write about Darfur instead of questioning moms who focus on the health of their babies.
Say this to your best friend: FA Q!!
my son is five damn time flys
I'm back from sabbatical--getting away to was a fantastic way to gain clarity on work, come back stronger. Plus, I surfed. :)
Grand Opening A Cut Above GRAND OPENING 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
Hey ppl how's it goin tgif!!!!
love your twitter photo. Awfully intimidating to see the hooded sweatshirt. Watch yourself!
Writing an article on Disney's newest ride "Characters in Flight"
I don't know how I found your article @ not setting goals, but you have turned my brain inside out & I love it!!! Thank u!
IRS issued revised regulations on the capitalization of tangible assets to clarify standards
Forget the gym... I need sleep z night night
From Joe's Management: Thank you for all your kind words. We are sharing them with Joe.
Got a question for our small-biz consultants, Doug and Polly White? Send your Q to
Looks like spring came and went yesterday, skipped summer, and it's Fall again at my house. Boo. This rainy, 45degree crap needs to end !!
ActorStuff: Here's the deal--You cannot truly relax at auditions by just THINKING you're going to relax. You have to just f*(&^ing do it.
Hope play Love Cry.
I was liiikeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee NO. DEF NOT. tf I look like?
glad you like it
Alright well I guess that means I'm single.
no, more for safety reasons honestly
#NowListening Apollo Brown & OC - Trophies (Album Preview Stream)
700 Congress? I'll head that way shortly.
excited to begin the REDI program with Colorado next week! We'll be working in the 5points, where I grew up!
Leaving on a jet plane, don't know when I'll be back again
Beach tomorrow? Movies Friday, babes piano recital Saturday, maybe chruch Sunday! Got it all planned out.
Wow. With that attitude, you deserved to lose.
His Eyebrows lmaooo((:
I believe my (dv) server was included because it's down...what information do you need?
Going to see the Avengers with this afternoon. #cantwait #soexcited (messed up her twitter handle)
Just watched a vid of Bam visiting Dunn's crash site..fucking lost it..don't think I could hold up either losing a friend like that...
lol Dude. That's like technical.
at least u picked good flicks. I'll add something to my Netflix queue just cuz I think there'll be boobs in it.
Life is too short to be anything but happy
them b the ones either got something or end up pregnant by yo ass lol
thanks! my friend!:D
you should come to des Moines Iowa ? Please (: that would make my life complete <3 ily
thank you so much! You guys were great to work with this weekend too! So much talent and respect! I'll b in Youngstown w fire n ice
in Phoenix!! Love the show so far
You make Your own wine tasting all day, 4 wines for $14. Enjoy a great happy hour until 7.
can we please make them more like #SXSW interactive?
so could i (all week actually) but Austin is awesome !!
thanks Hugh - Bloomindale is the 2nd Up and Coming Neighborhood :) We love our good friends and neighbors in
Sure. I can recite all of the digits of pi . In base pi of course. (Base ten is an enduring bad habit from the Roman Empire.)
Got my workout in and now it's time for a beer! :)
Get back on my drake mentally
Got the passengers on board, all systems are green and we are cleared and ready to roll. Gonna be a little busy here. Over and out.
Thanks to and many others for rocking their Karaoke skills at our 1st meet and greet event!
My favorite part of the race this morning was seeing a TON of little kids in #crew96 and #ussoccer jerseys cheering on the runners
+ are forever my favorite couple! so cute together makes me say Aw out loud! #love congrats juliet!
Your life has no feeling unless it is touching others.
Maybe heaven right now is a devil or angel away
gotta go warm up so I can cut the last four vocal tracks for the new CD!! OH YEAH!!!
#CNN lives united!
I demand it. RT The only way I'd bring back Good Eats is if there were overwhelming fan demand.
Fireworks debate in House once again turns on question of maturity of youth with firecrackers, although illegal for those under 18.
Ridiculous tweet of the day.
That's awesome! What is thump boxing? Never heard of that.
Resume Writing--just one of the skills you will learn at our summer Mentor2College workshop. 2 hours a week may make a lifetime difference!
Twitters gonna take some getting used to lol.
Taylor is sitting next to me, reading all my tweets. Lol
My only point is current / former players can push for improved practices w/o acting like they've been victimized.
I need to pee 🚽
good question. I think less because those girls are hard to resist. Plus, weren't we all a girl scout at one time?
LOOKING for like-minded guitarist to complete our LINE UP! hit us up >;D
salute ! ... I appreciate ya
So I'm otw back to the bend wassup for tonight what is everybody on
I cannot Believe I will be 27 tomorrow ! Craaazzzzy how time flys !
My universe will never be the same, I'm glad you came ~
"If you focus on what you've never had, you will never be able to see what lies ahead."
well you succeed
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
- yes! I #intentionally did! :)
So many mixed emotions right now...
That and Greek mythology never really interested me either...
RT : #GrnBz in NYC, Brent Schulkin on CarrotMob=The Opposite of a Boycott. Harnessing positive power of consumer...
Great 2nd half, you will build on that. Game on!!
Right, walk to Atlantic Avenue Target to corner the market in toilet rolls. Doesn't get much more rock and roll than that people.
Really, people who read books while walking down the sidewalk?
I don't get how people can keep going back to the one they "love" who repeatedly hurts them. Like, now you're just asking for it.
follow me please?
swaggin with these niggas now i got thinkin y she ain't mine yet?????
Hapy 2012 to you and yours as well. Glad for the new year and new opportunities. good bye, 2011!!!
Well not really. I mean I like the song a lot and I like Justin but I'm not really a Belieber. :3
When feeding more than one dog, always choose the dog that is the most calm and submissive to receive the food first
Max was surprised and very pleased.
Damn !!!! What a dance!! So fun to watch!! Better every week...
song of the day: Awake and Alive (artist: Skillet)
people suck.
Glad to never have empty headed kids in my class. Well, at least not after I'm done pounding on them. #craftsman #NspiredBy Proverbs 7: 7
We currently have 30 participants for the package exchange! Yipee! tinyurl.com/3tddzzr
Tracking rhythm guitar! Then vocals!
I know it for sure, I'm not suggesting it. At least when it comes to the average worker coming back and not heads-of-x
“: Pacers are going to be my new 2k team” lol
RT : I haven't hated G+ yet. After 2 weeks I haven't found out what to do with it... for us users, not for Google.
My work schedule is slowly turning me into a Sunday afternoon napper.
my fave is bad cuz i is a bad girl :))))
Thanks For All The ''Happy Mothers Day'' DM's & Mentions. Love You Followers! & God Bless <3 <3
you jus read my mind. i was gonna tweet that.
May gray, no way! New students get a #free week. We offer over 25 classes/week. #Cardio, #Yoga &
how are you today
Starting my future
Glad to see new entrepreneurs signing up and using our services.
I'm unintentionally watching the 20th episode of the 4th season of Scrubs. ironic given the day.
It's crazy how you always love someone. Even after loving someone else.
Hey , we'd love to see u @ wine tasting tonight @ Liquor Plaza on Walt Whitman Rd. in Huntington from 4-7 p.m.
Haha I Was Joking. How Are You And The Novio?
Yeah a truly bad team for the last years gets a ton of studs after zero change and no one is questioning it?
First day of work today in a few hours. So freakin stoked, u have no idea
Happy Birthday, ALEX!!! The 9-club is the best, and 30 is definitely the new 20. #wearestillyoung!!
i feel like there's a smartass comment to be made but i will refrain
It means 'don't stop now, you might just be on the edge of something good...'!
Just got complimented on my Mastodon shirt. I'm so cool.
RIP BIG L
I don't understand cheese metaphors.
Imma need to come back to Detroit soon!!!
Do your thing. Follow your heart. Don't apologize to anyone!
Nice! Josh, and would probably be interested in a Python UG too.
Can you text me your address?
you're weird!:P
thanks for trying, not working again & couldn't get credit for the full outage. Time to try AT&T?
Well-played. RT Girl behind me in line is wearing a shirt that says "Peeta I loaf you"
paraphrased via : My video debut was a disaster. All about your safety at #mifflin2012. Sorry if tone wasn't right.
People change their number like every other month these days.. Smh you must be duckin somebody
It's 40° in downtown #indy but its 76° here. Some things just seem right.
New strians in from our wearhouse come check it out! Open till 9! :D
Control room. Jungle. Big bugs.
Two Black Cadillacs is such a dark song... But still so good!! :o
TONIGHT | MERGE @ ROXY NIGHT CLUB!! GET ON THE GUEST LIST! E-MAIL: !
But, LOL, I can't agree with this. #CarmeloAnthony is easily worse than KG. ;-)
ramen noodles like a boss
I LOVE when people use gobsmacked!
We may have learned 2 work w/in organizations, but not as well across organizations.Think new platforms for collective intelligence
What Book? Wednesday - today's quote: "We went to the moon to have fun, but the moon turned out to completely suck."
I hate that every time I meet an older guy I am attracted to I have 2 ask- have you ever donated sperm in tx in 1982
One Direction have 17 songs, 1 album, 2 books, 3 music videos, 3 world records, 1 documentary, 1 tour and millions of fans.
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
thanks for the
where you got an interview at chick?
good morning! follow me?
goodnight love you Tyler
#dsoc setting up my new netbook w/ Seesmic so i can twitter w/ ease at NOLA!
Where did everyone one go? Did I miss the rupture? Damn it! I knew my alarm clock was going off for something important.
Quick stop Thursday...be through around 4pm!!!
I think I did almost 500 performances for this company. Last one today.
Oh my fault lol RT : man you know I ain't getting married!
Doing jquery, trying to make a shopping cart.
"kimberly's obsession with freedom is now under control"
Love the Skip Bayless rule in sports media. The louder you scream the more important you are. Maybe I should tweet in all caps?
“: Watching baseball just makes me want to play baseball.” you and !
Things are feeling a little festive around here already! Thanks to for the "nerdsgiving" leftovers-yum!
THIS--> « One of the worst feelings is being limited to just being "friends" when all you want is MORE.»
don't worry, I didn't understand more than 10 things in that meeting.
I love it too, totally addicted.
come through like SCUURRRRR....on
Thanks for the shout out!!!
You know, just a business guy, doing business things. With Connie Berg of fame!
haha Jesus that's steep
I hate knowing tomorrow is Monday... I just get a crappy feeling thinking about it :/
I am no such thing. Although I pretend. ": dude come! Would be so sick! You're a high roller now"
First period of WI turkey season started today and I'm already done. Not a giant but decent size bird. Fresh gobbler ready to cook!
This weekend should be pretty damn fun
Caught my phone before it hit the floor.
I'm the bed turn my head 2 the side rayle' but all n my face, lol
Just tucked my daughter into bed. She's still wearing my jersey over her princes nightgown. True fan.
they're still tickets on sale on stubhub.. they're expensive though. Maybe they can be an early Christmas or birthday present?
Rick Pracey from the Avs to talk hockey now! Get a closer look at the Avs' draft, including first round pick Joey Hishon!
lol no! Send me a pic of you and I'll send a pic of me! ;) We'll delete the tweet than, k? ;)
Prepping for SCAA and just got a pitch e-mail ... "the next 40 seconds will change your life ..." kid you not. I read it. Life not changed.
You think not or hope not?!
After the Kiss, get changed up and ready to dance at Latin Night tonight!
Corolla for the day while my truck's in the shop. I feel like I'm about to be squashed and scrape everything.
I will email u in the next hour. Thx!
LOL. I'm his senior. I'm just hopeful that experience and maturity will be a benefit. Lord knows nothing else has worked!
Clemson’s spring practice provide a mixed bag
Landry what do you do during practice? Can't be work on your shot. You suck!
: What's up! Nice to see you around here.
Have you taken the pledge? Only 3 days left to enter to win!
are u there in person??
PC answer RT : #Browns RB Trent Richardson: "I'm here to help Colt and try to make him better.''
Who wants to go walking after midnight?
booty butt cheeks
We got some new Kicks in the Store Pictures are coming Soon... Snapbacks as well
Ohh . Having fun ? c:
Doing a little impromptu Big Eight girls soccer coverage today as Madison Memorial visits rival Verona.
Your Welcome && Follow Me Plsz(:
ESPN picking Orlando to win tonight, still no respect, close em out!!
#TACOTUESDAY (on Wednesday)
that's still super weird 0.0 anywho, you have to try it!
You're so sweet! Doing my best and blogging about the good and bad, mostly good though:)
thank u baby
of course the storm clouds roll in right when im getting off work. boo!
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Legal Research Librarian in a Denver, CO law firm! This position is responsible for providing…
is so 1993
Ditto...completely related RT : twitter has come to a halt #Emchat #overload?
More music-to-talk-on-FM happening as Cromwell prepares to flip Hot AC WPRT (102.5 The Party)/Nashville to Sports in the next few weeks.
these fans that are booing bobby v instead of the players are idiotic!!
has everyone received feedback yet or are you still working on them :)
Awesome! Maybe I'll start there. Thanks so much. Any other tips, I'm all ears.
sounds great!! Remind me how old your little one is
I'm coming out w/a diet. I got my coworkers on it already. It's really easy...the diet & to get ppl to do it.
Andy, Joey and Joe, and they're all acting like drunk fuckers. It's hilarious.
Watching Tom & Jerry:D
No heart attack from shoveling, yet.
Oh, u know my cousin?! “: When are you in LA next? DM me I have some ideas. Ask ”
where can I find info on the top feature phone developers in the U.S.? Seems to be a gap in market for feature phone devs?
that was supposed to be hot sauce
hey plz help me get to 2,000 followers so i can follow my new followers plz :-)
Happy Saturday. What kind of mischief are you guys getting into?
u r such and amazing person...I hope caitlin knows much of an amazing friend u r...don't ever let anyone tell u not <3
Thank you! Wish you could come with! RT : have a great time at #OMS12!
hey zayn.my day was great, how was yours :)
#AmishOutOfOrder is a wonderful show! Makes me smile and cry. Thanks, NatGeo!
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Woodworking News , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
you studying?
Michael is goin to Washington DC on tues & my gram just asked him if they were gonna ride the ferry out to see the statue of liberty..
he just left my house he is going home. Cause we r best friends
Jungle beats...Holla at me!! Lol
miss you too cody :) Night!!
he said ew she ugly why she got them poke a dot leggings on lmaoooo
saw you at bonnaroo twice, did you really do mushrooms and walk through the sonic forest?
It's pretty rare for me to find a discussion of Victorian poetry that doesn't merely assume its worth, is the thing.
We should give the Nobel Peace Prize to the person who figures out how to clap while holding a drink at a concert.
There's always that one little section of hair that never does what you want it to.
“: That awkward moment you're trying to get over someone you were never dating.” LOL! And u ask urself how did it become possible?
Don't ever tell me you think I'm losing my accent!!!! ...I will kick you. Shins & throat.
Edgy short film shot with up and coming director...
doesn't want to be my sister :'(
loving bow day :]
Finished with my panel on applied neuroscience. Now in "Contemporary Fictions."
RT : Between tonight and last night's Spirit Awards, I WANNA PUKE on HARVEY WEINSTEIN
RT : The more you praise & celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. -Oprah
H8 THE SMELL OF NAIL POLISH WITH THE INTENSITY OF THE BURNING SUN.
Great, I'll wait to hear from you!
My dad said if you dress like me I would get mugged.. Thanks
I never nudge in real life. But online? You'd better believe I'll nudge. I'll nudge so fast your online head will spin.
is that a euphemism for something?
Ellis Henican rocking the social media panel at the
Wasn't he supposed to go to the packers
#FF our first #FF ever! Spread us out man thanks!
No, it was completely informal..... But I was surprised at how evenly the responses were.
Botched the party quest. When elf asks what you want to smuggle, you can't give him more later. Plus: I am now a experienced caster!
thanks bro! (:
12 away from 500! Thank you :)
so proud of our little bookworm!
#Trivia - Can you guess the one time of the year that is so safe to drive on a highway that no accidents have ever been recorded?
My library DJ name is 2AM because that's when I pop the lights and lock the doors.
Thanks to some great followers!
Dang, Rolf stole my line! The odds are 1 in a million. Now if you suggest partnering with a casino...
Like my friend said, Follow and #UWSMPHIC for info on #medicalmarijuana, #HPV, #rawmilk,
We provide safe storage during lunch other down times, but they sign a waiver making them responsible.
Charles McCabe~ Any clod can have the facts having opinions is an art.
I could have done that!! ;)
Lord may u bless us all thank u for this day amen. Nigga tried to kill my nigga yday.
What is your favorite LGBT non profit?
I'm getting ready to tape an Ah-mazing #AmericasNow show...think 30 minutes of Latin passion--dance, wine and a workplace with NO rules!
Hi Aaron. Please take a look at our line of Organic liquids. I think you will really like them!! Thank you!
i saw Paul Rudd is in it. interesting. i hope it is good. i wonder how much they'll mess with the music.
Ruby Red Squirt = Boss
Watching music videos all day!<3 fuck school!
My friend saw Ronnie from the shore at magic mountain!
Watching #Portlandia, trying to forget that today I learn how to give IV fluids to my cat. Oh yeah, that's gonna be fun.
Her site is amazing! www.kristeenlabrotevents.com
(not being offered within the parameters of my office though!)
I know this dude with the gun needs to step it up and get these kids together!
I'd say bring Mrs. Militia to the game and have an awesome celeration :)
Gay people are halarious!
FOLLOW. ME PLz :)
Thanks to everyone who came out to support GTO Blog at Shecky's tonight!
Good morning from Afghanistan. I forgot how good Isle of Q was. I wish they put out more tunes, but broke up in early 2000s.
Here's another reason to quit smoking: Nearly 1,000 people each year are killed in home fires caused by cigarettes. Put it out - every time.
haha, that's an awesome one. Without ever hearing it, I assumed more of a gin "s" so now I know too! What up for memorial wknd?
“: +1 RT : I just don't see how B. Kelly can stick with Rees this year. At least Golson can make a play.” +2.
But you know why I shouldn't be on fb anyway
No worries, I like Randle. Giants love their 3 WR sets.
I am so excvited for tonight's episode of Face Off!
Getting pizza with
Going to to see who wins our $250 !!!!!!
Procrastinating by tweeting rather than prepping for my mobile media talk on Wed.
Serious shoutout to Oberhofer for their tune "Away From You"... not a plug, but whoever's spinning at Sirius XM U is winning me over!!!
#Gemini has an amazing magical hold over lovers who fall to their intellectual skills. &enjoy the chase rather than the victory
#Thanksgiving madness is beginning! Who is #BlackFriday shopping? Think I'll avoid everything shopping related...
The detroit is packed tonight.. it's gonna be a sweaty show. Lots of love for the gza and wu tang.
you never know what could happen(:
Naveen Andrews was the first person I thought of. :-)
Who are you picking the Packers to pick in the draft? Cal guy wants to know.
my back has been killing me idk what going on imma have to get this checked out
superbugs and diseased meat. Schools feed kids this stuff daily. Scary stuff, yeah?
DM is not working
Life isn't like Burger King. YOU CAN'T ALWAYS HAVE IT YOUR WAY. -_- haha(:
& stop writing in caps. I feel like you're yelling at me.
90% of social media is just showing up. It's the other half that is hard.
yuck x 2772627228
Booking 2013 appearances for the reissue of Nowhere is a Place - kinda sad and exciting since I dedicated the book to my now deceased daddy.
#Nets teasing their fans on their website on their new logo and color scheme with the hash tag #hellobrooklyn. I wonder who inspired that?
Now if only the rest of the world would get it : "A record deal doesn't make u an artist; u make yourself an artist"Lady Gaga
Being barefoot in a bathroom is fuuuuucked up homie.
You're annoying me. Go play in traffic. <<<<
I've named them Sophie and Malcom (Mal for short) ^_^
- Great! Any help U can give HDSA-SD would be much appreciated. ;)
I wear hella hats....figuratively speaking.
I just told someone something and I havent even known them for a long time. But they don't seem to mind :)
had a fun and rewarding week working with the Mansfield Symphony and the fantastic people of the in !
Welp! Time for a new nalgene!
God I have so much thinking to do, nothing in life ever comes easy..
#NowPlaying - I'll Call Ya ;D
Nanners is asleep on my arm, :/ fat ass!! I can't move
Coming home today<3
mom:i gotta get a new ice pack Me:lay down bitch Mom:regan dont speak to me like that Me:shhh im the doctor
I hate people.
- I just switched over, high energy from the Monkeys, natch. :)
Any chance you are coming with Blue to a Tiger game this year? We would love to have you again!
because im always drinking his cum!
Let your family take you back to your original mind
Who's your choice ": DJ Devour on now"
“ I'm so sick of this stubborn, ungrateful bitches.”
In our weekly staff mtng. Of course is all that we are talking about. :)
Im a lil drunk on you, and high on summer time!
": well after thirteen hours of sleep maybe I'll feel like going out tonight. maybe 😒" i wish i could get this kind of sleep lol
Scotch eggs and Canada geese – service station brings nature to motorists
I'm going to watch it with #1 daughter :) She's amazing.
Perfect shabbat.Sermon: Rubashkin shanda.Baseball with family.Gorgeous day, then hailstorm, then rainbow with bracha, then pasta primavera.
na im lookin at the car i wana get cause its so sexy!!!
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you there.
New trailer this coming Friday. February 24
hm sunny out! YAY :D
Lol u may havnt answered my Q bout those letters,but this tweet confirms that im right.Have a happy Easter Criss,God loves u.bri
This place is trying real hard to push my buttons. But guess what? I don't give a f*ck. I'm going to #LasVegas bitch!
First Thunderstorm
Except it is actually Sunday, so I guess I should choose cookies.
Gracias Thanks for the follow!
8 hours in a tree today. Now I remember why I stopped doing this 3x a week
Thanks so much, Becks!
schools fuckin dead!
But of course! I see an afternoon of baking in our future
follow me bak!
Thanks, I'll add you to the list! (Yay, Louise :)
I just noticed that doing your laundry teaches you how to be racist. O_o
Missed our best offers of the year? We've got them all week long starting Monday at 10am.
You cray!! is a boss biatch!!!!!
I just wanna run, throw it away.
To writers out there: "A work is never finished, only abandoned in despair." -- at Writers in Paradise conference...
I love me some indie flicks. But I'm watching one that I'm having a hard time finding something nice to say about it.
Selina told me to find you and say hi - I'm here at
? wat sorry to bud in but what my friend is gonna go crazy
Oh what a great tweet! I am thanks. Hope you are as well!
Hello Sweetie Pie! Aren't you cute!! Thanks for following me. I followed you right back too! Purrs.
Book your limo now, spots are filling up fast
Yea i know really to hot today
can't wait Andy ..it's been a while and tired of reruns lol!..
And the #Brewers end that inning with nothing. Still down 6-2.
swag life.
Does anyone kno who goose Tatum is the old basketball player
of course people are nice to you ! You're the hottest girl on the planet , nevermind the plane !
Re: carpool: We didn't get to know each other that well, but maybe after a few more trips to the pool!
Confused can be gud I guess. Let's see how this story goes.
the garden was built in the 30s by RHS Japanese students, destroyed in the 40s during WW2, and rebuilt in 95/96 by RHS students
RT "The Black Eyed Peas are so very tiresome." - Did they ever get it started?
Time for a beer.
did you do it yet?
OOKK. imma not gonna go there wit u tonight
Wondering why the 75 year old grandpa in front of me on the train is reading a book titled Sexual Abuse.
It's completely understandable why the Steelers are losing. I hope they win. They would definitely rough up New England.
at this point I'm hooked to you O.O
Consumer versions are targeted for release in 2013. Industrial / Defense / Development Units in Q3 of 2012
cuz i just love it there :D
CONGRATS GIRL!!! LOVE YOU SO MUCH. YOU GUYS DESERVED IT!
Subs at cane ridge... smh
Time for a little two man band practice today. Working on new tunes and getting some band business done.
Awww I miss you too! I haven't seen you guys in forever!!!
#lessambitiousmovies apocalypse later
good luck with that homie!!!
announces ultimate education site coming in less than 60 days. W.wekidgaming.com. Family friendly, educational and engaged
what's your favorite hobby?
“: Have #Canucks fans taken the top spot over #MapleLeafs and #Packer fans as the most annoying in the biz?” win something MN
when did they announce this?
Eric Benet 'The One' Album: Singer Shares Story Behind Working With Lil Wayne
You get a free meal at chickfila if you come dressed as a cow. So get a move on.
Ha. Right!! LIke that idea! :)
you know you have problems when you can't pack for a week in an obnoxiously big soccer duffle bag
Thank you for guessing!!
Sorry and ": Oh, your email address is ? You're so modern.”
awesome to see you here. Thanks for following me!
": Happy Mothers Day to you beautiful women!! ". I'm late!
Ok give me your predictions for Top 3 on #DragRace ... and who you think is going all the way?? In related news...
Omg bank of america sent me aa replacement debit card and it's NOT Hello Kitty! THIS IS NOT OKAY.
basically, sunday. i send you an email.
if i work by myself il cry....
On the fool crying laughing at
Thank You and God Bless U in 2012!
Frogger originally had another name -- what was it?
Happy New Year! Hoping it is a safe night for everyone.
Three more employers have signed onto Well City Milwaukee as Phase 2 charter employers. Stay tuned for more.
What's the difference between a mephistophelean bargain and a faustian bargain? Nothing?
Dang, dont want to get ahead of myself, but Chaya's got the early lead... going to be hard to beat this miso for sure!
I got stood up by my man on the boat. I just can't complete with the boat. I need to get my own boat and we'll see about that.
Translated a portion of a sermon by Martin Niemöller for today.
glad you caught that! ;0) Confused me as well. Catch you in Jan.
What a screwed up day. No quorum.
ahh Cole Porter!
It was great to get off the trail long enough to shoot down to Mortons Gap to wish Mayor Stafford a happy birthday.
"I like all music except country." -Someone who doesn't know a lot about a lot of things.
It is burning up on me like laser lights this sun
I'm working towards having my work be my full time work so I can be more happy. Its tough work, working towards this goal.
Love my Bobbe
We want you… trade to the
you gotta try "33" and "Disarm"
Judging from the skype call the yobi team came across as easy to work with and cool. I cant wait to meet them.
Trixie just caught her second mouse in less than twenty minutes. Not sure if that is good or bad.
Richwine takes commanding lead in commissioners race against tea party's McCartney.
*waving back* thx for coming! -CV
Wait. This show is next Monday, right? RT : Racebanon with when Dinos rules the earth tonight!
I miss the regulars, like the lady who called about Applebees charging her $2 extra to sub a side in her 2-for-$20 meal.
my event is in Las Vegas/blue sky yoga become an ambassador at yogaaid.com/usa
What you feed gets bigger. Are you feeding negative thoughts? Or are you feeding love, joy, and peace?
Bed time. My back is killing me! 2 week of school left, scheduling tomorrow. Finally going to take AP classes that I should be in.
thks for following!!
Whitney was a great inspiration to everyone at Eastsport. RIP, sorry for being late
"Nowadays we confuse physical touch with sexual harassment." -Juan on the need for real connections in a online world
ya'll should check out club rain fri. june 18 1st ever famous friday hosted by money in da bank free cover
": I love the way you lie... JK, lie to me again & I’ll throw a chair at your face."
What do u call two Mexicans playing basketball with each other?
Combat #PTSD is confusing for children. They mistake the love-fear emotions toward a parent as something "wrong" with themselves
ya so I do know you kinda lol.. Maybe heard of not know haha. Ya Will is hilarious
The music really makes the video. I'm laughing. "It's in the alley...because we keep it ghetto."
hey lady, got a book for you! I will bring it Sunday.
RT : Currently beginning to get college fantasy football league set up. It's on.
A talent-ready organization has the human capital infrastructure in place to make sure the right people have the right skills in the right …
2 more months then it's off to Puerto Rico to marry the love of my life!
oh thanks man. How sweet.
Shannon, I can't access the chat
Kinda creepy: Apple App Store reviewer's Facebook test account discoveredhttp: ://t.co/zmdDKi6j by
Perfect day for the Baseball Championship at Camden Yards! Come see Poly battle Digital Harbor! First Pitch 205! No Cost
Two sweet sessions at White Hall...200 ladies singing to Jesus. So beautiful!
(1/2) Have you seen the documentary on them? Called loudQUIETloud. Can't recommend it enough. Amazing how...
true story
i hate guys !
now to start preparing for the practise dinner party :)
should we take responsibility for our own health and stop blaming it on doctors, lawyers, soda companies and the like??. OF COURSE!!
Thank you so much for your comment about my book being helpful to you as a classroom teacher. I so appreciate that!
s/o to for always being there for me & being one of the most amazing & prettiest people i know. love you!!
I do I do! What do you need? A friend of mine did Meg and Dom's wedding photos.
Bout to hit this gym on a Saturday gotta start my day right !!!
#ThingsThatAreSEXY Long tongues
Henry Blanco has some ugly tribal tattoos on his arms. Probably why he grounded out.
Who the fuck calls someone at 3:30 in the morning, to discuss emotions... oh that's right does
#HowToPissAFemaleOff- when guys don't stand up for their girl, Why does it seem like I have more balls than you in this relationship..
We'll see you at the screening tonight!
Laziest Friday night.
Reminding myself to be thankful. He gives, He takes, He blesses with both. Easy to say, hard to accept.
Make cups
Hey guys! I've been camping out at Assembly Hall since this morning to get into tonight's game.
BLOCK PARTY today @ 12! FREE FOOD, inflatables, bball, pingpong, hotdog eating contest! Come eat, play, meet new people! 15th & University.
It was a moisture farm!
Seeing my first grade teacher who also goes to my church at BW3s
We are on fb too! www.facebook.com/sperantsa
#NowPlaying Finding Dick Oatts "Two Hearts" a CD I keep coming back to. Standards played in a way that they sound fresh, a point of view.
There's such a thing as a bacon shake? I think it would actually be grosser if it DID contain bacon.
Eek! The "to do" list for re-opening the Wickersham House Museum is getting longer. Fortunately, so are the days!
well "the belltown pub" is better than just any 'ol Belltown pub, so that seems good.
RT : An #Aquarius will listen to everyone's advice, but in the end, they follows no one and just do it the way they want
How do you spend your time? Do you "look" like wealth or are you "building" wealth?
Join us for Storytime at the Tutt Branch on January 25th at 10:30am for children 5 and younger. Call 282-4637 for more information.
hey pimpin is your rap name X Da Don?
This is why Cubs didn't spend money on big-name free agent!
oh... But yeah, i'd most likely be out of school... You should fly me to boston. Haha :P
Huh, wonder why none of the libraries that start with "K" have sent in their E-Rate forms. Some kind of selective protest?
They make a gold color nickel. Pretty cool looking. Won't raise the value of the dollar tho.
can you guys come visit?? :)
RT : Floyd Maywether Hope U Watched LIN hit the Gamewinning 3 With .005 Seconds Left.Our Guy Can BALL PLAIN AND SIMPLE.RECOGNIZE!
oops, I spent most of today working on something not due for a few days, instead of the stuff I need to finish before leaving today...
Just so ny condon is the crack spot;
Holy crap, just submitted my application to grad school!
Happy Holidays. My 3yr old wants to know why the Grinch did not get "time out"
i dont have your number
Oh well heading 2 bed...crazy day tomorrow
I've been good my dear-just workin hard on a couple of projects and staying hater-free LOL
Having a simple convo with friends-boils down to a simple question that no1 the answer to...FkIT ask Siri lmao
Cheers! Happy Labor Day!!!
LG to de WERL!!!! **tee hee** LED "Life is Good" for real yow! Had no idea that's wat it stood for...bet da CEO is cool as HELL! lol
RT : My girlfriend's sleepy voice is absolutely adorable :) #ILoveHer // aw ! Heehee (:
Where are they going to now/where did they come from?
We had a great time at The Press Room. There was a lot of good engery in the place. The stage was full of great talent.
ah, finally home from work, no kids, no wife around...oh yeah, SLEEP!!!
I can not WAIT to hear that!!!
okay cool:)
the makings of a christmas card....
Ambition is Cool, Accomplishments are Better
Im retype that tweet.
I voted for all the including , , seabrook, and crawford haha
LMFAO i just died
Did I introduce you to Macklemore? Don't think so. Cool you found him and thought of me.
Shop with a mobile app. Making e-commerce simple
Thanks! It'll be focused on music and culture. We're in the pre-production stages now.
We will all live/sleep vicariously through unless we all tweet and wake her azz$$ up ;) or she puts us on silent!
Holiday drinks at Starbucks and then straight to bed!
I use it to transcribe interviews. Great to be able to embed the audio and then have it come up with full text searches
Harney and Sons hot cinnamon spice tea best. tea. ever.
HEY, new "Lincoln MKS"! NOW it doesn't get terribly "interesting". NOW it gets "oldish". At LEAST get in bed with your demographic, bitches.
Khadim's name is on it!
I might like that better!! Sadly, the preview is very much NOT awkward, teen, outsider!Poe. To my sadness!
Do you know how bad I want to play #trueamerican??
One pump chump
I don't feel like doing this work.. Ugh.. Why do finals even have to exist?!
I think some of the mess is the blurring between professional & personal. Reporters as own brand & the orgs brand = messy
I like Macbeth for the dark magic and intrigue. I saw it at the Globe and the actors were covered in blood and dirt.
hey, Tom, did you get my email?
morning lol its true piss me off #Pisces and i literally bite back. i bite my sisters
fan appreciation night was good, except for Giguere. lost 6-1. Oh well. Still got to see the in person for the 1st time!
It is easy to do business with us just email or call us and buy with confidence. Paypal accepted.
Hilary Is What Dreams Are Made Of, wow, she's brilliant. she's the only teenage disney stay that wasn't ruined. she's gotta me a come back.
RT : i just auditioned for wu tang clan. can't wait to hear back! // this proves my friends are the coolest people ever.
And a solid all night grind in 8 game and then ridic hot PLO sesh, I end up in familiar territory, tilted out of mind from Joiso and 08...
too much dancing, not enough running.
It's on today: slow-braised lamb with sweet red peppers, onions and feta... yes, thinking of you. Love to serve you; ride on over.
Sketching out a painting for a large painting i'll be doing at an event Saturday night
: I MISS YOU DOG CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU HOMMIE GOD BLESS HAVE A SAFE TRIP BACK...
I've recently taken a liking to techno dance music, which odd since I don't dance.
just wanted to tell you that , and I are waiting for a follow back ._.
Ping.fm not posting today. Prolly just as well b/c I'm really annoyed.
#welovebruno #welovebruno made another account just for this !!
LOL his love like woe style? because I think he's sound great either way. His OLD OLD style is great with his untrained voice
LMAO! Damn those boys were hot! We gotta up our game. Drooling in the corner of an elevator isn't gonna get us anywhere!
Happy Wednesday!!!!
#Medeco. Yes. I'll put together the questions, with answers, and post them in the next couple of days.
i have a pretty birthday cakee :D
What did you think? #Pariah movie
Dang it the whole thing? Oh! Evan is like Spencer my nephew guess what he did ?
who's using sm's account?
We'd love to do a show there!
totally missing speech to work on Odyssey.
I'm signing off - thanks for all your wonderful questions - would love to do another #ESHealthChat again soon! Happy Good Friday! - Becky
Make sure you check out www.954hiphop.com + www.561movement.com
:) RT : ...just can't wait to get on the train again... the life I love is building companies with my friends...
#Tangled is officially my favorite movie, it's cute, funny, sad, cute, funny lol & that little chameleon is effin adorable <3 (: haha
Hopin' I'm lookin' like a cougar when I'm older and have kids.
« #MiddleSchoolMemories meeting at the bus stop!!» Hell yea lol
well..is everything okay?
We love baseball! That David Freese game winning homer in game six of the World Series was amazing!
Lastly, thanks for being honest about your Prufrock-hawk.
I voted the 25 times that I could! :)
RT : A girls emotions is something that is not to be fucked with.
Heading to Da Drop to celebrate my B-Day. Leaving at 11pm ......See u there.......
When my doubts and insecurities get the best of me, hold me close and don't let go.
Pirozhki or Pear Salad?Birch tree or Cranberry,Apple,Pineapple,Orange & Tomato juice.👉🍴🍻our menu 4 great lunch options!
Textbook double play from the #Cubs getting the Cubs fans excited!
but she would put ur elbow right back until i finally turned around and was lik... 0_0 LiL GIRL!!!!
If you have ever tried an authentic French baguette you will be on your way to understanding their nation's obsession.
Hi i m new in twitter...i need followers....will u plz follow me....n u r really beautiful n i wil b glad if u follow me...
A common #beauty myth: Dry skin causes wrinkles....Not true. Most wrinkles r caused from the sun. Protect your #skin w/sunblock!
3 ppl stayed home from BV today
Congratulations - I'm sure you'll have fun. What days will you be working typically?
Not sure. How long ago?
Good Morning! Have you made your hair appointment? If not, you should call us 901-794-0553
She is gorgeous!
Packing up way too soon. And I didn't even get to use the bed!
There is no good path to take when you come to a spork in the road.
Plenty going on at the studio today. Coffee's up!
Philly is not that good of a team. WTF
The sister is moving into her own apartment with the nephew today. It's her first place she's rented on her own. I'm excited for her.
They dont have a twitter
that youre too beautiful and twitter doesnt want you to get hate from insecure bitches lulszsz
Saw #thechosen at the tandem theater last week. Great play ... Go see it !
If you keep your cat indoors it's whole life, what kind of stories will it have to tell it's grand kids?
What's that I hear? Let's go Naptown!!!
Just finished a great interview w/ Lisa Renner at !
LOVE hearing on taking about and !
We are truly blessed to work with the businesses, venues, and artists we get to everyday!
Spending the day applying for jobs far far away...
Apparently, drunkenness features time distortion.
Heat take the lead ❤❤
Share your pics as you Dine Out for Life today! RT : Don't forget to take photos of yourself out at
What is your favorite family-friendly activity in Central Florida?
Call me maybe
He probably works for the government.
We'll be waiting with your caffeine fix!
What are you doin? Come to for holiday gift ideas, free food & cocktails and fab giveaways www.twtvite.com/mmsholiday
Can't wait for season 2 tonight!
Damn Chicago Y did D.Rose's knee have to do dat????
I may not be perfect, but atleast im not fake.
los angeles.
Just got a 7 cent residual check for an Internet rental. They even took out 3 cents 4 taxes.
Work hard & be kind. Be really, truly kind.
well thanks for saying that it was your pleasure thanks
terrible. So terrible
Me and my bleeding whiteboard in my last show would like to disagree just a little.
Looking for spinal neurosurgeon in Tampa Bay or Florida, can anyone recommend someone?
I introduce to you my political machine, the Box Project. Getting money out politics with nudity!
lol, oh, i thought you meant Rukstele's
Salty it's not Stevie? For me it was between Hart and Parker. Plays EXACTLY the d-mid position England's been missing for SO long
We're just proud #BSOS can host incredible events like the #SadatForum! Glad you made it out!
anyone else? Will this interfere with regular season play potentially? I'm excited for them though!
PCH has the most beautiful coastline views on a clear day than any other place in the world except for the French Riviera!
you have known thiss! stay home and get drunk with me
Thanks for the #followfriday !
he said what's yo name on here , && I typed yo name.
I wonder in next election, a new presidental candidate will emerge from Got influence and donation backing!
I believe it!
Theory: for art, being novel is a shortcut to having worth.
Awesome, thanks! Sorry to bring up painful FLL memories. *shaking fist*
No worries! We'd love to have you at a future event make sure to join the group for meetup updates!
Dumb throw Ramos! Haha! C'mon #Cubs, make something happen!!!
I got to pick the new keg for our kegerator today. I choose Big Bark! Woot!
Me and matt got all types of ditched tonight.. At least we have each other
Excuse me, ladies. I have a couple business matters to attend to. Sweet dreams. Laters, baby
on my 3rd bottle of water , i was dehyrated or some damn
We were all screaming like idiots. In a good way of course. But yeah ...WOW.
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/21/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I am in a fabulous mood this morning...Landing in the beauitful Dominican Republic in less than 3 hours...
picture me rolling
All Apple fans click here! www.appletekguru.com
Not true. The Kimchi Taco Truck is frequently parked next to a building
what is you doing bitch.
I think Kevin Durant might be the best player in the league!
Apparently "gamification" of applications is the wave of the future.
RT : Is this a gym or a fitness museum?
just fire spitting, breh
Catch my mixes tonight from 1-2am on 1035 kiss fm Chicago and 1035kissfm.com!
thanks to for following me!!!!! <3
Im saying!They still gotta chance tho
I'm going to start bitching at someone if this doesn't trend. HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
you just got 700 followers in 2 minutes. New kid knows the cool kids. Def prom queen this year. ;)
lol well we had Austin,Alex,Robert,Zach,Tyler....all the other hot youtubers...:$ Texas is big;) we got the hotties
best of luck to you!! Thanks for using ShowClix & have an amazing time !!
I want some Red Lobster!
PLEASE HELP ME BY GIVING ME SHOUT OUTS I JUST NEED 7 MORE FOLLOWERS TO REACH 100 PLEASE!!!!!
Thank you and I will go ham on for that! Lol
it's just I HATE bugs. U don't get it SMH
Thank you so much for the compliment! We are working hard to get great, free programs and classes to the public!
Thank u
hanging leg raises :D
