♥ the sun but we need the rain ☂
I'm not "trynna" go anywhere.
Packers will play better D on this field in Feb. than the Badgers are tonight.
omg i dont mean to be noisy but i saw wat yuur gf send to yuhh :( thats rude/sad thing to tell a girl:'(
we had so many years we should have been in the super bowl. Lots of painful memories. 4th and 26...
cool,did u hear somethin u like
what's wrong ?
cause the lions suck!!!!!
Writing a new intro for TMHF2. Any suggestions on what we should do?
: Thanks! Hope your week is wonderful. :)
Haikus are 5/7/5 syllables, brah RT : Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me Monte
Links are up at www.watchnhllive.com come watch all the live hockey games here just register and enjoy your favorite teams play thanks.
Are you familiar with the play BEIRUT? It is a love story written in the heart of the AIDS epidemic in NYC. I'm producing it...
Affirm: I am trying my best, I acknowledge my best work today.
All accidental : Accidental or on-purpose sightings?
We are one order away from 1000 orders on ! Who will be number 1000?
You'd be so much cuter if u didn't have a rapists Mustache thing goin on
Spending Christmas with the family in Illinois. We have no snow but there is good food and fun with the nieces.
Are you on the #KobeSystem yet?
no problem! Happy 2012!
Florence and the machine at radio city!
I agree, I think ignores fits our school. We are a 1to1 middle sch, I do a unit with a school in TX, not encouraged or noticed
I love public transportation. I feel like I'm really helping the environment when I ride it. And I just saw Speed.
Work is a lot better when I'm leaving at 930 to go see and the take the series vs the Reds.
: Thank you for the nice compliment! How is the luxury dog business/
wait, who wants another unit? Naked male or transit police.
Joshua is going home!!! WTH?????
TRAFFIC - CRASH- WB Belt @ Whitney Way - 2 cars, out of traffic, delays
Don't be an accomplice in your own demise...
Judy Hale is in Denver Wed. eve to share her knowledge on credentials, certificates & more. The public is welcome; small $. www.ispi-frc.org
doesn't stand a chance against Three Lines of Coke.
Our email is or you can come to our store 1237 Santee street Los Angeles CA, 90015
Who doesn't have an open bar at their wedding?!?! WHY wouldn't you??
“: Let's go New Mexico State!!!!!” typical
Thanks. It was weird to be happy and sad most of last week.
me to
"Transforming Education Through Digital Learning" by Meri Robinson & Christina Jerome is one of 60+ breakout sessions at
I'd say do it, just in case that this is a dream as well. I have seen Leonardo Dicaprio running around alot lately.
If you're lost and alone or you're sinking like a stone, carry on
It's goin down tomorrow nite at Southport Hall!!! 9pm doors
Yes it is your in great company. Some people I know some I need to reach out too. Again, Congrats!!
Purchase at any #IHOP and do the survey on the receipt and get a free Short Stack next visit.
y was it down?
In honor of the December 9 announcement, I'm going full-on playlist for the afternoon.
Come in this weekend to see the new Fall
Libbie/Grove sidewalk sale Sat. Feb 26. Books of all kinds for $1!
one day we're gonna have to plan a night for you to stay over. I'll rent Gears of War 3 and we can beat the co-op overnight
“: When my cat says, "love me," you drop the computer and love him up. #lifewithcats” oh my god! Me too!
while you doing god knows what in atlanta
Hieber’s keeps eco-friendly by recycling paper & plastic, using energy efficient lighting and more! www.hiebers.com
Oh yea, don't forget the bass pro shop hat. I need that
Mariners-Red Sox Preview (The Associated Press)
Happy Valentine's Day! We're doing something a little different w/the dedications you sent in! They'll be randomly played throughout (cont)
Thanks to those who came and supported at our first show! Very small crowd due to conflicts with other events but we had a great time!
Diaw starting for #Spurs. Must have earned the starting job 4 reducing his pregame meal from a supersized meal to a regular meal
Have anyone overcome a social barrier?
Mountaineers need to score a TD! Now!
Oscar Time! is gifting #handmade #pottery earrings to #celebrities #Oscars #GBKOscarsLounge via
It's Thursday another day to make dat money n I gotta pay a dam ticket fukers o well I make enough to pay dat shyt
Just downloaded our 1st unlimited access ebook onto mid.school FollettShelf! Lost in a River of Grass - IA Teen nominee.
Whirlwind 24 hours.
hi emily! You have a, library job yet?
it is a good one. Xxo happy mothers day Pam.
Had to give my dog a bath! Now she is all clean and dry, while i'm wet and soggy. Thanks for shaking on me, love. -___-
I already knew it was a chonga voice before I read it was. I know you so well :*
I am so bored
Damn I've been M I A, cause I'm on my J O B. RT if you relate.
the only Elf thats worth twetting about is Dobby!!! i wish i had a friend like him
So many people just lit up right now
No he is one from my youtube channel.
Loved the ambiance! So comfy and delicious food too! I could stay for hours!
i love you im your bigest fan
You made the alumni section! What are your thoughts on the recognition from
lmao it ain't that bad in da D!!!
Is Ramses at the party?
shoutout to c:
I'm delivering to a McDonald's right now,I was pissed that there drivethru opened at 5am on a Sunday
Hahaha, your face is priceless. :P
we look at your social footprint. MT Looking for a job? Make sure #LinkedIn profile is up to date! Some don't take resumes.
Used a cheap #nailpolish and now my fingernails are yellow! Too much pigment or bad quality?? Could be a mixture, #Quality is key.
Forget the #BigGame the biggest thing next weekend is the Big Bash for the #Bambino Feb 4 in Detroit 25th Annual Babe Ruth Bday Party
Mark your calendars! B.Smith Restaurant is sponsoring our event for our fundraiser on September 14 th 2009! See our website for more info! w
Where's my Thursday night? I don't just want it, I need it.
Think of a number 1 through 10. Double it, Subtract 1, add 20, multiply it by 5, add 2, divide by 2, close your eyes, dark, isn't it?
and congrats on ur masters :)
I'm engaged!
same here. Well if you just logg out and push create and account. You dont need email confirmation.
RT : Congratulation to bones for fighting like a true champion tonight good job champ
the raised court.
I Got All The Black Bitches Mad Cause My Main Bitch Vanilla .
Watching Pretty In Pink in the closed Circuit City parking lot in Silver Lake was glorious. Thanks and Sonja.
i could never ever be a teacher
Men like there women secure and comfortable in her own skin
what's wring with them!?:(
That nigga did his mf thang last night...my girl damn near peed on her self!!!
Ha! I agree.
do we get a dm?
A3 #sbchat British Open biggest mktg winner = (Northern) Ireland golf tourism
Matt Kemp and Josh Hamiltion... Unreal. Straight killing the ball
Am I being punked or do I really just have the world record for getting stood up?? At least it's a good laugh w/my friends!
I would love to see him sneeze mid-sentence
Rise and shine back on my grind #MAC$$$
My apartment? Are you referring to 80/20?
Please come to Houston and Hudson... we have an ice cream hungry office
So, my first round draft was essentially: 1.5 - David Wilson, 1.8 - S. Bradford/J. Baldwin, 1.12 - I. Pead
So excited to have joining us in our studio this afternoon!
Well, I may have something for but they wouldn't believe me. So sad.
#Whitneycnn "Let the Church Say Amen" By Andraé Crouch
Would you rather tun through sticker bushes naked or not see your mom for a month?
lol I'm bored
Well to my city whatcha think?
I have a present that I am gonna give to u via
Just let me muh fuckin love you
I never really know A killer from a savior 'Til I break at the bend
Always-late participant? Arrange room to minimize distractions, start on time with something of value, set ground rules. ~ Pike and Arch
thanks for the shout out!
#thingsihate the receptionist in the medical office waiting room asks you why you're there in earshot of everyone. Not your business!!
Thanks for the re-tweet, come visit soon!
#nytm Using technology to solve real world problems. Love.
Thanks for the RT, ! Hope to see you on September 11th!
On our way to the Los Angeles Zoo. Never been, so looking forward to it. Gonna take lots of pictures so John can redraw and put on istock.
I've been given 6 amazing & insane months. That beard was there with me every step of the way. I actually saluted it when it was over.
Sorry, I'e been away so long. Office move nearly complete and off to New Zealand in 1 week!
Iam a peoples person:-)
that made me chuckle:)
woops my mistake. What u got going this weekend?
Hope you're doing well, it's supposed to be a nice day
lets get u back in here:).
Drooling over a fellow train passenger's "Gigantic Origami Gift Set."
And, usually, that is just so the civil rights abusers can get away with being scofflaws and evading civil rights laws.
The BoSox have some serious issues.
*nods* Also, he's a public official, she's a constituent. She doesn't owe him admiration. Good grief.
I read your post & sighed, took another sip of my coffee. Love my guy who golfs, guitars & skateboards! No chaos.
I wonder if the tendency for guys to call other guys, of whom the know relatively little, "brother" began with Hulk Hogan.
On the train heading into the city, eating bread pudding and listening to Ray of Light. All is well with the world.
Thanks! We'll check it out
yeah that hurts. not only wisconsinite, but tribe member
An effort to name the eastern peak of Mount Sopris after the late John Denver has hit a snag.
That awkward moment when you learn something and it suddenly appears everywhere for a few days afterward
what do you call a Bear with no teeth? A Guuuuummmmyyyy Bear Ha you so silly
Music video on the way, who would love to see that?
RAY ALLEN MISSES A FREE THROW WITH LESS THAN 10 secs!!! Really??
Ah, okay then.
The awesome business people Walker is talking about are #obviously both of my roommates. Can two people win one award? No? They should.
“: You hear your favorite song, turn to your friend and sing it dramatically.” Love On Top!!!!
If you want a great tan... 55% Off at U Tan through dealoria.com.
This is the last week of Major League Lacrosse regular season, playoffs start soon. Washington Bayhawks still fighting for a berth
#RobDyrdek you just made my day hahaha so funny
why should someone pay for something that goes against their morals?
RT : Al Sharpton RT : Teddy Roosevelt RT : Who was the nigga in the 1st fight that got knocked out?
I so prefer XTina pre Honey Bake.
but still a cutey...at least thats what the girls say
Carl McIntyre collection contains correspondence from fans. #marac #s17 I love letters like that!
Looking Foward to our Performance Showcase Tonight at 8pm!
go after it! “: Early start! HUGE meetings in Boston! #bringit”
I want to watch Battleship!
In my time away from Portland I've lost the ability to distinguish men with lumberjack beards from each other. I apologize in advance.
Forcing myself outa bed
as in do, make it happen!
look at the girl in front of the camera... Hahaha
hey your call. Anytime
Dr.Conrad Murray should get jail time,to send a message to these Money Hungry Doctors in Hollywood. Dr. Murray is simply a drug dealer!!
Who watched Ms. Basia Quartz on youtube? Good is what is not .*>
Creativity, what this generation seems to be lacking.
HOSA Banquet was fun last night (: I only wish it didn't have to end early :/
you're almost with 5,000 followers:) let's go Adam! Never give up! :D we Love u so much!
Y THAT SEXY MAN UR ICON?! Lol you're adorable too sweets :)
Oh my gosh i love that song ! Awesome :)
What's up tweets? Been away a few days, Hope everyone is OK Big week-end coming up!
funny you say that considering half of your tweets in the months of march and april were about me.
Suffice to say J. Kaplan + A. Winslow finished off the Freud Explosion by reading from a ridiculous adaptation of.. you guessed it..
Getting ready to head out to dinner with hubby & MIL... Cheat night!! Can't wait.
Friday's are a good day for brewing! Schedule a brewing appointment for tomorrow!
Really? Guess everybody is feeling that way today! Needing to belong, that is!
is awesome. How else am I going to indulge in the TRON soundtrack?
Though Its Easy To Misconstrue I Am Hood Like You
RT Flying from snowy NY 2 snowy UK now. Sitting next 2 very hungover lady who looks like she's been awake a month. Hi, mom!
RT : RT : Name your iPod 'Titanic', plug it into the computer. When it says, 'Titanic is syncing', push cancel. Then ...
your wrong in everything :]
So glad I didn't fall for your lies.
hahahaha very funny
#IfWeedWereLegal i'd hav a box of jays not cigarettes ^__^
I was hoping you knew that was about you gurl. (;
I wish I could say for sure that somebody really said it. I *wish* they did ;) Either way, yeah, it's still totally true.
Thongs hanging from my rearview mirror (;
You can watch for tweets , is tweeting about it
Go mobile w/ #prettyprogressive! Download "Live 365" on ur mobile ph, search "UCTC radio" & stream live TODAY @ 11AM CST w/
Bitches fighting over a towels and shit!
clearly it's time for me to send you a friend request on fet.
#Tomyunbornchild i love to spoil you all.
It gets better. By taking high resolution scans of records you can actually play them back digitally.
Innovation and Invention together w/ Comprehensive Immigration Reform to KEEP talent in our country.
So much work left,
Find My iPhone is not available in all countries
Is there any Short cut in life so why millions of people dont believe in working hard
Today starts week 5 of 7 for radiation and chemo. So far, time is passing quickly!
Lmao that's funny. And I bet it was.
Old age is a shipwreck. Charles de Gaulle
Too many baby daddies not enough fathers.
I'll be voting, not dating. lol.
Welcome to the twitter of the Street Muse Project!
those girls are smokin...understandable!!!
To Relieve Headaches: Close your eyes, massage your forehead & the back of your neck firmly w/ finger tips & your #headache will go away.
Waiting for Godot.
yes, we really do (:
V-core is too expensive to chance it being stolen. Only fish oil. Gotta keep up the omega-3s.
they would buy us those cheap ass dollar store action figures or those dollar tiger hand held games. lol wack shit
I really need to find a gym & get my arse back in it! It's easily been well over 2 months
Any good ones you can think of? RT I need a list of Ian Darke's adjectives. So descriptive, rarely repetitive.
"Siegfried" tonight. http:/www.jarrettburch.com
feminist organizing brunch was a great success
Watching zombieland its a bad ass movie so far.
No school for me today .
We decided to call it Circle Time, but your idea was super-cute, Anna!
Getting ready to revamp my etsy shop and try some new items ;)
Never leave the one u love for the one you like
Cullen Jenkins is close to being a Deadskin too
Doing nothing in art feels so good
It would be fun just to go through the experience lol! How are you doing? Long time no tweet :)
feelin so good .... Wanna take somebody on a date str8 afterr school ..
looking forward to seeing you there!
May have to do with time of day that I shot 4x5 Tri-X. Was outside/too bright and washed out. HP5 is super creamy though.
Aw, good luck and blessings to you and Shannon and your family :). From her JLM friend.
Birthday dinner. I'm grateful to the hosts but I hate making a big deal out of my birthday. It's awkward and makes me very uncomfortable. :(
Thank you for the RT.
one built in on your computer....
Looking through these 8x10 #PealeBCLM negatives, I wish I had an office within earshot of Francis.
Damn violetta is delicious!
awesome i wish u could come to lubbock
Back at the crib. Took son to piano lessons. See y'all at #Bcspot for the show.
Finally #Friday whoo hoo! Short work day and dinner at makes me a #happygirl :)
I wanna go c Avengers
RIP KARL MALDEN. GUESS THIS IS A GOOD MONTH TO DIE!
PAULA. No Pinterest! Chop chop!
end of day in work context usually means 6pmish.
Hi Darlings - thanks for the RT! Love your hilarious blog (I am probably repeating myself)!
Big hair fancy clothes rockstar in the spotlight!
Unfortunately I will be traveling, but come by #Rouge, #Zuri, or #WestWing at #MGMGrand for my concoctions!
I will be a busy girl in the spring. On the upside, I'm really getting off on ordering free exam copies of books.
It's snowing !
Never thought this day would come... Brother sister sister bonding time :)
Wow ! What a spa party that was. Boy! Adrienne is a very lucky lady. I thought she was funny with the chicken.
headed to show in a lottle bit... Im going to have fun while I'm sick... That's #dedicationthatis.... #ifeellikepuking :'(
60 degrees? Where is the rain? I want rain.
Thanks for being so useful at Chicago Small Business Expo. You should check them out for the upcoming event.
#Museum Monday 2nd fascinating museum on Sanibel attached to impressive CROW hospital for wildlife-tells story of heal & release philosophy
Pizza and ice cream? Oh yeah. Cc:
RT “ RT : Be a good steward of your body. We are fearfully and wonderfully made!
im the truth my record label put the house on me, that bitch u kissing she just love to put that mouth me,
I almost never know what day if the week it is, but almost always know the date.
you crack me up man! make my shitty day better.
Who's coming to see Seladore on the 15th at the Hard Rock #orlando?
The #KentuckyDerby sits just behind 'illegal roadside fireworks stands' in my list of "things that are so American." Cannot wait.
Stress free, drama free, sucka free...
oh jesus christ a nicki minaj song.
I wish that MvF would come to Long Beach would L-O-V-E Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles..m:)
did you get it
What is there to say? You know the drill! Hes a beast!
S/O to ! I've been listening to the records she has done in the last couple months and she's been doing her thing!
Follow back anybody sells here a follow for a follow goin once goin twice.... Sold! To who? It's all up to u
did you get in trouble?
but ur spanish bro?
Reasons I hate Facebook: People thinking that liking a picture makes them an activist or proves they love Jesus. It doesn't work like that.
I'm so glad I found you in the twitterworld! I hope life is getting beautifuler and beautifuler in the sunshine state :).
Oh what a Sunday!
Save the date - the 2012 TeamDynamix User Group Conference is May 16-18 at McGill University in Montreal!
I DJ'd a Celebrity Females Surprise BDAY Party last nite and from that 1 Party i have already got 3 calls for Party Bookings - Thank You God
Thanks !: Happy Friday
Nature is often hidden; sometimes overcome; seldom extinguished. - Sir Francis Bacon
haha so true! Closet full, wallet empty :-)
Get to see Tim today!! Also gonna show him my Prom dress!! #Excited!!!
I had my earphones in the whole time to make it seem like I wasn't listening.
Haiku has a free teacher account but it is limited- it bills itself as embed the web and is interesting to look at all they "embed"
OMG! What author???
Happy Valentines Day lovers hope to see you at my show tonight. Lorelei MM82 Islamorada Fl Keys. 6:30 pm
Conference: "Normative struggles during university years often reflect important challenges to moral, emotional and academic development."
That's like being out of Egg Nog on Xmas, Like being out of codoms on hump day, like being out of hate during Real Housewives
Ah, the sweet smell of clammy-handed adolescence! Davidoff Cool Water
Follow me Andrew <3
It's all About mining signal from noise. Crowdsource the agency
If you lie down with dogs, you'll rise with fleas. - Irish proverb
Suggestions so far: Stuart Hall on identity thru representation, Ratcliffe's Rhetorical Listening. Thx
When my windows are open I get the scent of roses, same as when they are closed. Yay! Love our roses! Wahoo!!!
“: See i cant take you nowhere. LOL” haha His new tape is 2 hard, Make respectable folk wanna commit felonies LOL
I literally cannot take this much longer.
Wanting a fix, but have to exclude so much from my diet now. I wonder if their vegan flavors are soy free? Hmm...
finish this quote...are you ready?
Sounds like it is down to #Broncos and #Titans for Peyton Manning; look for #Dolphins to close in on Matt Flynn quickly today.
well enjoy your weekend buddy. Go LAKERS!!! P.s. I'm always working -_____-
How do you rate Atlanta as a biker's city? How safe do you feel?A reporter wants 2 talk w you. email , call (404) 526-5488.
I did like .5 seconds into the convo && she just kept going !!!! -.-t
I like the idea of that as opposed to a juicer because I get all of the fiber /
why am i hungry?
No rest for the weary. Fresh off vacation in Scottsdale hitting up for MNF. I apologize to my liver
Mad hit right now fresh out tge casket haah
#20ThingsAboutMe i have alot of friends but there are only a few i can trust.
We WILL be back soon enough!
Bringing out the hoe skirt
“: I'm still waiting for the "Once you go black, you never go back" episode on Mythbusters.”
the heart is a drum machine
Please, Please, Please Follow me , been waiting for ages. Dont make me wait another second?
#WHAT a weekend: DayGLOW, speeding tickets, Jiujitsu seminar, milk chugging challenge #failure & potatoguns.
Lai'Onna L. Miller ! Goodness Words Can't Even Explain How Much In Love I Am W/ Her !! (:
My daughter is an awesome artist...she's 10 years old. Ideas on how to encourage her without overdoing it?
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!!!! LOVE U GUYS!!!!!!! <3 <3BiEbEr*FeVeR<3
Thank God for my mom♥
Good grief, if you can't tell the difference between a hoodie and a duffel coat you are lost!
#RickyGervais makes the room uncomfortable ... and they love it.
Awesome big band with a twist. Come get you're groove on the hardwood
Wish I could hit everyone back to thank you for the birthday wish but my lunch break is over. Lol. Back to work it is. Thank you all!
RIP MacBook 😥
Yeah, those morning lectures are a big draw. :)
WHAT AM I GOING TO DO THIS WEEKEND WITH NO PUB CRAWLS OR SOCCER????
Noticing a bulb/unlit/wearing/an eye-mask/your legs/are canes/been disabled/since birth
When Irish eyes are smiling...
Wish that I could've gone today but am doing Library Legislative Day next week instead. Hope u are having a fab library day.
YOU GOT THE CARDINAL CRAZIES SHIRT? YOU CALL ME NOW NOW NOW
Shaman.....Healer...Living in the Light.....Alter Ego..Mr. Muggins .. Thank you 4 the follow!
Almost 1 1/2 hours stuck in traffic and I've finally arrived at the Ft. Lauderdale Air & Sea show. Jet planes and battleships, here I come!
can't believe I'm rooting for NY team and celebrating when M*ch*g*n alum catches the TD but I am.
Me too! Not yet. I'd love to (of course) & I know he likes my work, but I dunno if the opp. to call me in has come up.
Readers enjoy reading magazine ads. They don't pay to avoid them as they do with other media...Source: Affinity Vista Service
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 10
You're gonna have to fail.
I will miss your Review A Day posts. Thanks for spotlighting such wonderful books.
samesiesssssss! i wanna go tomorrow if he's still here
your welcome boo!
email me or call 6789228118
#wmnldrs. Next generation leaders are courageous, agile, resourceful, renewable, trusting and trustworthy
Bedouin soundclash and Bear Lake tomorrow at the Shelter. Doors at 9pm. Come to the party!
we can hold up the population if you want. Email me to confirm
Yeah, Im sleepy too. Can we continue this conversation later? I find it fascinating, and feel compelled to talk about it
Thanks for the RTs ! We'll keep the cleantech news coming.
we are still here! Continue to keep us posted on your concert dates!
Congrats on the new brand. Love to see when Vegas is represented! Can't wait to take em for spin
Thanks bro
bet bro
lol you said that! trident layers?
yeah. crowd's nothing to write home about though.
it would be BEST for every1 if u had the one and only Psanders<21
Everything that happens to us shapes who we are becoming
Star Trek II, still top 5 all time best finishes, always makes me emotional, something about sacrifice strengths you!
Going to sing for some bratty little kids.
#nowplaying A Perfect Circle - Counting Bodies Like Sheep to the Rhythm of the War Drums
The planker girl was from Suterville, PA, not exactly Pittsburgh. And, I think we can agree that Pittsburgh is not in Ohio or WV.
#whitney is kind of funny! I'll probably keep watching haha
We got a problem with your order, boss. Check your email or facebook.
okay. During p.e. When everyone goes outside, you can do it in the spillout
Cal told this kid no specifically. Just like Selby. Who was a head case?
we're open already. Tuesday - Saturday 11-10. Come say hi.
Thats Great ! Thank you for getting friends to sign up to help out! Good luck with your run.
Enjoying a GUGS burger after a long day of cleaning.
i don't have any faith in ur words, your actions spoke long before u did
Agreed on PD. Learning is a symphony where tech tools are the instruments & teachers are the conductors.
Yes, please! And, preferably before the decade is out. :-)
Your childhood, sponsored by McDonalds.
#GirlsWhoDontWaxTheyCoochie ... Is this really trending o.O
thanks man I really appreciate that and all of the support!
Keep retweeting and tell your friends too! Also, tonight at the Euclid Tavern, late night karaoke with Steve and announcer
Thx for the invite. My hockey team has a playoff game 2night so I gotta pass. Enjoy!
Wow. How do people "stop injury themselves"? We are dogwalkers, not spellcheckers!
yes, much >
Thanks for the follow! Go Mets! Man, my drummer and singer are gonna kill me...
Looking for a good picture of a beer bong for an article I'm posting today on the story of beer and civilization. Anyone?
Too much talk about #RIM's comeback, IMHO. I'm not expecting any major competitive differentiators. MAYBE for businesses, not consumers.
I wish it was so in the class of English, XDD
Thanks for the follow!
talk about it in there, i am teaching both summer and fall sessions online if you are interested!
The Encore of Tony Duran lead actor Gene Pietragallo honored in #Pittsburgh 11/10-10a City Council to proclaim Tony Duran Day
You should have gone inside and razed the team. Cc
What gets me through a fulltime job + master's program? #Coffee. LOTS of coffee.
Just arrived @ FX Genealogical Society Spring Conference... 7 hours w/ Tom Jones. Woot!
Check out my new on Facebook, Speak For The Silent
Imma be under the mistletoe with you shawtyyy with you
Thanks for the retweet. My fist one lol
If I was going to steal a truck it would be a doughnut truck.
For some reason I can't stop thinking about him!!!😢
thats awesome, how much does that leave you to pay now?
The new Chicago Bulls dynasty is here!!!
That's when I thought weed was bad D:
Kepler Lucas :One man's trash is another dog's treasure.
And the predictable and predicted attacks have started. No one is defending.
That moment when early humidity reminds you that summer is great but not with that humidity
check out my music twitta!!! www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Sunday is a great day for art exhibits. Enjoyed the Compuesto Partes curated bySD Mesa College #Museum Studies students.
Want to learn more about the Kentucky Derby or check out some Kentucky inspired cookbooks? Check out our book display at the circ desk.
i'm listening to the kooks while i do my homework, what's your number?
Go Bears!
The perfect woman, deserves the perfect man....
Check out SuperNOVAmommy's interview with our Executive Director Sara Duke!
What would some photographers do if they never invented the digital camera? Smh it seems like everybody and their mother is a photog now....
Im great thanks :)
For Italian week, J.S. Edwards will donate a portion of sales on Saturday, November 14, to the Children's Guild of Baltimore.
Today is #NSD!! :D What do you guys usually get??(:
Good morning tweeters! No really, have a good morning.
Thank you for helping me to go in!
damn i got a headache
this restaurant is super super nice! m x
“: I've decided to get into shape. The shape of a potato” cc:
Uncle magic!!!!
I woke at 7 for mine. Got cancelled.
Great! Thanks, Joe & Matt. Hope to see you in Jan.!
so who thinks we can get ALOT more followers?(: -erica♥.
in one week from today I'll be in NY mastering "MOVING ON"!! I'm so excited doot doot doo doo!!
Dedication: EVELYN M. JOHNSON, In loving memory of Evelyn M. Johnson "MomMom". Gone but never forgotten. I love you.
actually I told him to tell you that
maybe because I just watched it, again, but "Fletch"
Did a gig for a Co. claims sound treatments heal ppl with MS, Arth, even Diabetes. Hmm. Maybe I can get off insulin.The 411.. medsonix.info
#ThingsiLoveToSee the movie Never Say Never
I'm done stressing over you. It's not worth it anymore. Im not saying I don't want you; I definitely do. Im just sayin, I'm done chasin you.
Reposition television sets so that neither sunlight nor lamplight shines directly on the screen. Happy Friday!
What is the difference between a cat and a comma? One has the paws before the claws and the other has the clause before the pause. MEOW!
Bloop. Hahaha I am so bored, that means someone should tweet me! :)
I wouldn't phrase it that way. Where has been his support through all this? He did nothing wrong as far as I know.
Smithers, release the hounds...
Congrats - you answered correctly & quickly - so you will be going to see in one week! We will PM you!
I kind of want to come but I have an event fri night in Del Mar! Darn philanthropy :).
Dang its hot outside.
wheres my december birchbox..?? i don't have enough #patience to wait any longer
Let your mistakes propel you forward.
besides, Lakers will be a tremendous mismatch for the Heat. The Heat have no bigs, and now Bosh is gone. and no PG.
We do our best and thank you for giving us the opportunity to serve your travel needs. Happy travels!
your shoes rock!! Don't change them!!
Looking at the date just makes me upset
i was just giving u a shoutout so people follow u
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Yeap! That's my day today!
Getting gussied up for the Best of Washington Party
Standing in the light of your halo; I got my angel now. <3333.
I like your wonderfully random blog just the way it is.
Love the new pic, even better than preview w/ you over Szechuan whole fish for good fortune. Whose spices trump despair.
Miss Boston just showed up to help out at the silent auction at
NOT EVEN
Ah, I see we have given up on intelligence and went straight to ignorance. RT : wow. You're an idiot.
Thanks for the shout out!
you panel on tragedy was great, btw- I didn't get a chance to tell you. I learned a lot.
I am still at #ccid2012 now hearing about USAID and HED work in Rabat, Morocco thru Middlesex Community College
Can't help but dig Jared Jeffery. He reminds me of my nice friend Clem, only slightly better at soccer. Precious exchange there with Shea.
Thnx 4 Follow... Man you've got the coffee pot on bitter. Stay Loud, people can almost hear you over the big pharma spots on tv
Started reading #GameofThrones yesterday. Got sucked in pretty quickly. Easy to see why it's so popular.
i love me
woah where can I hear that?
Finally an iPad app for Spotify. Life just got a little easier.
you're welcome! Still looking forward to our Mexican date!
*waving back* it's dreary day here at homewood. I'm guessing it's about the same in Elkridge...
o stop it
Everyone there is waiting to see the Muppets, right?
The strong & wise Marmie in Little Women RT : Mother's Day is almost upon us! Who's your pick for favorite fictional mom?
Celebrate the opening of our 100th store! Just say “Happy 100 Stores” at on 4/27 and get a free side with entrée purchase.
Just in from the Ridiculous Bio Files "... is a lyricist who reiterates his words with equally amazing Saxophone solos and self made beats."
Live it up!! The more meat the merrier!
PSA: You should probably run out of your house like your head is on fire and get yourself an adult beverage. STAT!
crashes when I try to close a tab that has a pending username and password dialog box open. Just FYI.
my favorite breakfast food is scrapple. Have you heard of it?
Don'y forget get to order my book Mentally Blind.
Check out Dirty Heads - Viva la Vida (Acoustic)
I recommend The American Antiquarian Society and The Library Company of Philadelphia for this.
Thanks for following me:)
How 'bout Bucky getting Ben Brust? Think there might be a good rivalry between him and Vander Blue for the next few years?
I'm desperately searching for a situation where the phrase, "There's a party in my pants," would be both completely appropriate and true.
lol sometimes i be doing to much
“: Wow Jlo... #amaawards that even turned me on” - was thinking the same thing! She def been the beat so far!
nope Dixie Queen .
Nice. Let me know when you book T-Rac or the guy that yells "You da man" at all the PGA tournaments.
MUST SEE GUYS www.xpressid.net
If we draw again, you are not allowed back.... EVER!
Students and mentors are spending their last day of TKF Summer Program at Belmont Park!
What are you talking about?
Thank you! :) I was uncertain if I should just wait to post one with red hair. But my hair is longer. I needed change! hahaha
#np driving me crazy
Hosted Providence Network for a board meeting Celebrating the success of our partnership & dreaming about future.
I will be Performing LIVE at Plush Lounge Key Club in Hollywood, CA May 25th
gonna be real awkward when someone tells bobby valentine that the red sox can't draft anthony davis, even if they tank the whole season
Well thats all for tonight folks...goodnight! Deuces...
came to Atlanta to win.
RT : Love the level playing field provided by the Web. Everyone is writing a book-even those unaware of grammar & spelling rules.
I just texted you, I think.
Real men are NOT minute men; they last as long as their woman wants! Most of the time they're more than she can handle.
chris mooney's The Republican Brain explains evidence that liberal brains more aligned to science
hugged him and that's when Derek walked in saw us thought the worse and left. We're all good now. How r u?
In class watching august rush
just makin sure
(1/3) Jarrod Uthoff met with Assoc AD Justin Doherty & Director of Athletics Barry Alvarez Thursday as part of the appeal process.
When you’re in love, nothing else matters. Like, I just hit a homeless with my car, and I don’t even care, ‘cuz I’m in
J'la's a country girl at heart.lol
I don't understand the hate for ALEC. He's clearly the best Baldwin.
And the follow up for ESPN2, Union-Red Bulls. Not sure how that can be.
I have experience crafting Linkedin profiles to reflect a person's essence and career goals. Email me .
Put your hearts up is like AMAZING!!! more more more songs plz :)
Can't get right hit a shoot!
Stars r losing. The crap-hawks won on a bad call. Today is not a good sports day. I need baseball to start.
hey get on twitter!!^v^
YES! RT BREAKING: Nick Lidstrom is in tonight's lineup!
excuses excuses, for the "greatest player to ever play the game," don't like what I say don't read my tweets
He didnt fall off at all. if you actually knew what you were talking about u would know that wzrd is just a project. he aint done
Why is there such a push for a ban on texting while driving? What about reading, eating, applying make-up and tending to back-seat children?
I hope tht u get better and ur dream comes true u
This combination of 3 ice creams and mini oreo cookies... The perfect way to end my awesome day ☺
Oh Charles does a Weight watchers commercial wearing a dress on, still with the healthy cocaine abusing rasp in his voice.
Simmons tuition on the rise.. there's a reason to not delay graduation...too late now, the path has been laid.
Maybe they just cook a lot of snock. Like, on a stove.
Excuse me Ma'am, would you like me to taze your shrieking child for you? #ShhhImTryingToListenToMusic!
Is this for Artists in Storefronts? I just turned mine in. I concentrated on the piece, not myself--easier, I think.
dang it
my family outside Harrisburg report Water up to knees in there basement it seeped in from the foundation ground so saturated
- Charo! She & I share a birthday.
I'll get the scout on it! You have an idea when they were thrown? I can have him go to video.
Nova is looking good too!
Benny the Bull spilled some popcorn on me. Luckily, the Bulls remembered where to put the ball in those last couple minutes.
If you tweet on behalf of your employer using your personal account but your employer's computer, who owns the tweet? Do you know?
Congrats Nicole! RT Meet SELF Magazine's New Fitness Director ! (She's new to twitter, too!)
If you are going to act like a journalist, tweet like one or start a blog instead.
Any chance of you coming to Memphis or Little Rock anytime soon?
Have fun - Awesome place! RT : Here for a VIP tour w some Twitter peeps...my first real tour!
I took her back to my crib, what the hell, I can't even get out of my crib.
If you're judging me from the past things I've done, then I probably don't want you in my life anyways.
Damn my celtics y'all need some space jam water lol😂😂😂😂 As long as we win.
taking suggestions for places to try and get on tap in Madison + any contact names.
lmao if you gonna try tomorrow you better gone' head and go to bed now, and take a 4 hr nap tomorrow.
We are close in launching our new recruiting division focusing in the #MSP #VMS space. We will focus on direct hires nation wide
Supposed to ump tonight!
I wake up early when I don't have to.
takes me back to advanced philosphy in college...especially reality and subjectivity.
For that money, they could've bought Grindr. ;-) More users, arguably more disposable-income …granted, a limited demographic %.
ok all go on
One thing that helps me is to give thanks several times a day, because the more we give thanks the more we receive to continue giving thanks
Please help me to increase my followers :)
Lol ok ok i was just kidding. im a fan. i dident
Dear People Who Are Saying Thank Goodness Football Is Back Tonight: I am sorry you are oblivious to college football
we need to get together soon!
I'm going to chill and act like I know.
Under 21 attendees, got ya covered for FREE at the fest. Rivertown Brew Co & Highlife on special for 21 & Up!
Don't get caught scooping your poop in the cold! Just call us 1.800.DoodyCalls
Catch you all tomorrow
I HATE people who double-book. *cough* Liz.. *cough*
yes send me your info!
Through orientation with group 1 of the new international dentistry students. Got some good questions, expect some one on one consults.
how am I gonna be making 5 dollars an I make 17 an hour now and still in college ha! U wish..
When love just isn't enough.
Since I've cracked open my AP book, I've only used one new highlighter. It's almost gone. Welp.
Thanks! We hope you can stop by during fiesta!
Haha we used to be close too! Lol Post it on facebook and tag me!
To all my Vegas friends, if you want to go to Vanity or Rehab, let me know and I can put you on the guest list and get you in for free!!
dwl, if yuh want a big HEFTY plate, come get it nuh. It fresh and niice
Reinventing the wheel is harder than it looks.
I hope the S reported them as spam, too.
Nope, it originally was Johnny Cash's song, NIN did a tribute to it after Cash passed away
finish bagging my groceries or write this tweet if you know me you know what I chose
So nice to meet everyone! Thanks =)
Epic year 2 Paynetown trip booked
Blessed Christmas to all my tweeps. Thanks for your interest in #SeaWorld, #Spurs , #acting, and me!
I'd love for them to build a Costco on the east side - Hermitage-Mt. Juliet.
Million Dollar Baby and Mame misbehaving at our annual "Name that Tune" benefit! bit.ly/s0boQo It's a hoot!
this month's goal is to use my library card more than my debit card
thanks bud. There's six of us.
Surround yourself with people who challenge you to keep moving in the right direction!
Man what's up wit Boston?
omg I just got an ad for that on Pandora. I think they have their demographic targeting off
Filmed a video for my apartment last night, tonight meet up for , local farm store coming to our hood.
Barbie sets unrealistic goals for young girls; women can't be doctors!
I am cleaning and vacuuming my room, the world might end...
May 12,1942: Cabinet instructed Auchinleck that he must start an offensive in June.
Yeah you do call me hookah;)
good call on gvoice - looking into it now
the ones who call me tia scarlett >>>>
Just in time for the Holidays. 42" Flat Screen TV's for $24.99 per week. Hurry! While supplies last.
"But godliness with contentment is great gain." 1 Timothy 6:6
RT : Listening to Twitter webinar w/ Great to see you on Twitter (best GRI teacher)
Kirsch down swinging. 2 down. Aguirre up.
Yes! Dirty Dancing is on! Reminds me of freshmen year=)
First evening reference shift of Spring 12. Amanda and I are rotating Sundays and Wednesdays this semester. First week. Not much going on.
TY for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase
Order the meal plan of your choice by noon Friday for delivery on Monday.
Stopped in traffic this guy just got out his car to piss and a cop rolled up hahaha reminds me of that Nola trip
And my mates are all there trying to calm me down, cause I'm screamin your name all over town.
I'll just sit and spin and hope for the day when I can write my name in the dust of Cubeland.
Going to inland empire today by public transit. It is cool, the use a schedule out here and know how to point you to connections.
i think we have the same bday
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer.
shut me up .
You said that you could let it go, and that I wouldn't catch you caught up on somebody that you used to know.
thanks for the love!
There is no way I could feel worse about myself, might as well go for it.
FINALLY! RT: #Brewers just announced 2012 spring training schedule.
well s'okay if you're not okay with it.
#FollowFriday Follow and RT these wonderful people
#WhatIf I had a chance to meet Michael Jackson <3
Celebrated Earth Day at tonight's Esperanza Spaulding concert: Black gold with a diamond heart. Thrilling!
There is still time to plan a company picnic for your employees, so many locations to choose from! www.mcmenamins.com Check us out today!
lmao yeah ok.... This a road game son... Different then home.
Well, i'll get a lot of solicitations. I"m not sure if I have the time......
i didnt win the drake or one direction tickets but money is still good(:
Oh how I wish everyday was
Im not sure. I'll have to ask him! LOL
Back in the States!! Now off to rehearsal.
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something. - Jimi Hendrix
The B3Brewery is now on twitter. Check us out for weekly status updated on our beer.
excellent! From what I see the #BbW12 program is going to be great! lots of good sessions came in from clients.
How do you know what info he has to investigate with? Are you his editor? Do you have any info other than what KSR told you?
Q to TV ppl: have you ever heard a producer say they have "just the right amount of news" for his/her newscast?
check out my fetish by supaman here www.reverbnation.com/outfitrecordscolumbusohio
Ditto. there is nothing in the world I love more right now than this season's sorbets and pastels
My liver hates me.
Yes, I remember DA and am pleased that you are leading the way to tell his story. All the best.
Out @ Andy's Tonight: Sunday Jazz Jam Session: 11 East Hubbard Street - 9pm-1am-musicians R free & vocalists welcome. GA-$10. Hope 2CU
18 more days!
We are going to see the Avengers movie later today
i got to go follow please its my big bro he cool
Ive stuck with the Raiders this long...Im stickin with the Lakers, no bandwagon for me! I mean we did just win 5 outta 10 last decade! lol
Happy New Comic Day! Stop in and buy some new stuff like Justice League issue 5.
Wish I was with rightnow!
I want my iPhone already :(
PLEASE make the crazy tweets stop! can you please delete the retweet of my comment? I can't handle the tweet drama! :-)
COME TO DENVER, CO I LOVE U <3
This weather is perfect!!!
Haha. I kinda wish Lacee would get the pie to the face just once.RT : huh huh, Lacee said cream pie
Boy You More Whoop Then Slaves With There Freedom Papers Lol Steve Silly!!.
-____- ppl must think im sweet or something.
Kill me I have to thumbs!
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
it's amazeballz
well if youre curious enough to find the answers then you will :)
my family now has 400k people in it.
slip-n-slide into a mud pit, cargo nets, vertical walls, junkyard and tire field, hay bale mountain, slack line, and many more!
Do you like Nick's new haircut? Yes I support Nick in whatever he does and that includes his hair decisions :D plus he's still hot
#InstantTurnOn neck biting, ear nibbling
Watching Groundhog Day on Netflix, like everyone else.
Running is seriously the best thing in the world.
Thanks. Should load now. Working a new solution for our hosting.
it says the app isn't capable for the iPod touch :(
its gonna be a reunion mwahahahhah ok I will :)
*Yes.!* How About Tommorrow When We Get Off Busses
I WANNA GO TO FLORIDA IVE HAD ENOUGH OF CALI FOR ABOUT 3 DAYS
Nicely done.
What does the extra 1/4c do?
Waiting for Ira Glass
My year has started off bad but things can only go up from here
Yeah, a few of my college friends and I are in the [very preliminary] stage of creating a sports blog.
Clear Channel drops lawsuit against Troi Torain (aka Star), who IMO, is one of the last genius minds in media. Congrats 2 him.
parents are annoying twats
Feeling pretty good today, little sore from yesterday's workout but good.
Disney rocks and shake it up rocks!!!!!!!
Durant's gotta do better than 5 for 17. That was a good game though
ya know (;
RT : RT : #WFFConf12 you do NOT want to miss and all of the other...
Get ready for tomorrow's class performance, people. Things you might need to do in preparation: squats, squats, and more squats.
Everybody wanna know if I'm okay .
actually in need of a bass player you down ?
thats a lie
I'm bizarre like that.
Glad to be home
Nothing in life happens to us , it happens for us
This little dude catches EVERYTHING!!! Stuff I have never heard of...
Text it then :p
OK, so why am I awake? This sucks.
last chorus concert was amazing!! shed a few tears during the last song! I love my chorus family so much <3
Just got back from shopping in Columbia with Ashlyn and :)
#FF because he knows the power of pursuit. Witness
#boredwisconsin RT : The most viewers the Recall Cam has had was about 1400. That came this morning at about 9AM.
Game delayed round 2....back to the bar!
Gay bars>>>
Excellent! I hope to see you at the Con!
When people just walk up to me and ask me if you're my boyfriend and tell me we're cute together..
I hear you sister, I HEAR YOU. Whatever gets you through, I guess? This is the lie I've been telling myself for days.
Back in LA. After great conference of linkshare in SF. Impressive number of fantastic client they introduced Pixspree to! Thx
how can someone be so popular on social networking but in person no one likes them?
Shout OUt To All Our New
Do clients need to know that laser scanning is being used on their project? Should we market our services instead of a specific technology?
Ticjetmaster's customer support is called 'fan support.' LAME. Way to be confusing asshats.
Monster attempted to damage Engine room...Success!!!
Tribe first pitch is at 3:05 vs blue jays... The beg of our championship season (via )
Ugh tummy troubles.
Wow, my friends.
RT Aaaannnnndddd, the Sixers win! Congratulating Philly sports teams is getting exhausting!! In a good way.
it's the Sea of Galilee :)
was on point last night. Dope food.
bc there's people there. Lots of people.
haha I hope to be famous thanks ah ok I'm done tlkn to you for the night..
there have been five 2-15 upsets. three of them have come from the state of VA.
I believe my parakeet thinks The Cranberries are a strange species of bird.
macs suck.
: praying for Silas now!
--> Thank you for the mention, Cathryn!
I have straight A's :D
oh yeah, it's bout to go down.
oh gaaaawd my new twtter name sucks soo much -.-'
ok, let's honor Whithey Houston. We're playing a loop dedicated to her today and tomorrow. What's your favorite Whitney song? RIP :(
you're welcome, and thank you! ;)
A spouse is someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single
We fought to the end and we will never stop fighting till the end!
#Caps kill it
u gotta be quick - they run fast haha
Stick to Cosmos.
I've looked up the CVs of the faculty at my school for ideas. A lot of them include their CVs on their school or dept websites.
Now, I'm having far too much fun looking into UTF-8 options. Best so far -- a new hashtag for to use: #☭
Lil B called out hydraulic fracking
Just a wee bit different than our Alvin Robertson/Petr Gudmussen/Johnny Dawkins days.
The fact that you can shoot and kill an innocent boy...and have you case up for discussion...(con't)
Based on the positive response during Earth Week, from now on #IUPUI University Library will default printers to doubled-sided printing!
my old band did this once, we had to play "beefcake daddy" twice
I knew that was going to happen..
If that was an option, I would gladly take it. I've never been able to make it work that way.
Tebow to NY.oh my!....once you're a jet you're a jet all the way...or is it kneel and pray?
Ah, now I finally understand why everyone loves So amazing!
post a picture of the garden...
Yesterday we played beach volleyball with our professor. Today we're going on rides at Disney world.
yeah omg now I feel really sad but how could the boyz not win if we voted for them like billion times?!!
Dear Nate. Dont swing at any pitches.
Psalms 103:1: Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name. (KJV)
theres still gonna be a huge lump where the undigested mouse is
I'm a republican and I think people should be able to be happy. It's no one else's business. Marry who you want.
on my biggie flow
RT RT RT RT!!!!!!! HAWAII DIRECTIONERS LOVE YOU GUYS :) can we get a shout out?????
Birthday in 24 days. I want sunflowers. A bunch of sunflowers. 
thanx for the follow
Yeah. Looks like he's cleaning the grill instead.
We're in the midst of creating epub files; its on the list. There's Kindle & Google e-editions of Cabeza de Vaca's Relacion.
We are the one stop shop for all Denver Dispensaries! We have over 4 years experience helping the industry grow.
yeah I think they will though cause the 2nd half they play beastly and the others can't stop LeBron or wade. Chambers is so good
Good Morning. Thank you. Hope your day goes well.
Spurs can do this to OKC, and to any East team remaining....keep sleeping
Thanks for the support! But i might just delete b/c i don't know if i have the time to keep this running... thoughts again?
Had to delay going home three times because of rain
me to their really cute and cool i love all their songs
We love your offerings! They help us get through many a troubled computer.
Seriously, though. I've never felt so confident in my script or my production. Many gaps to fill, but what we've got so far is just awesome.
Space sickness has passed.
“: I'm sorry. Boston is a racially diverse place huh. My bad!”fuck boston an the east coast, easy on the RC bro! Wefam!
Idk? She's not my fav..
I wouldn't recommend #chi infra texture for women- it smells like a man!
2nd biggest fear: being a rapey locksmith.
Can't wait for
... wow. that was intense.
miss you in Hawaii!!'
Kevin Durant is the youngest player to win 3 straight #NBA scoring titles.
I hope by signs of the times you mean the coming of the Lord. I am so ready! LOL!! Can you imagine it getting much worse?
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !! :)
screw it lol idk how to stretch something into 3000 words like I could get all I need out in 1000 haha
I just hope nobody dnt get hurt over sum BS!!!!!
#Cubs until the #Bulls are on......last chance!!!
The new annoying saying: Are you kidding me right now?
Hey , just wanted to let you know that and I will indeed be seein you round campus next year.
Congrats to the infamous on your graduation day! Thank you for everything you've done for me! You truly inspire me.
Have a safe trip.
I feel so close to you right now. It's a force field. I wear my heart out on my sleeve, like a big deal.
Copyedited MS expected today via - wish me luck!
Awww, I'm so in love with Jason Derulo's music make me feel much better.
Thanks Bob! Appreciate the shout out!
I suppose I meant pie crust growing (funding) while the filling (revenue) just aint there yet. I guess it'll make it unhealthy.
stop what you are doing and take a time out!!
Yeah, like I remember being there for about thirty minutes, and the rest is nonexistent in my memory. I stayed up till 5
It's quiet. I'm going to say that I won the battle :)
finally back at the crib chillin.
R.I.P Nick Long, you don't even know the whole in my heart you left.
Buzz into Sydney b. and see what we have new in for Fall. Back to school is just around the corner!
Thank you for making me look forward to getting up early. #uppers are awesome.
Don't talk about'em if you gone join'em ... .
Tourists don’t know where they’ve been, travelers don’t know where they’re going. - Paul Theroux
wow. Um how do you tell what the time is? :D
Our first Friday on the art trail was killer! Thanks so much to everybody who came by! Let's do it again next month!
Will if I need to make so quick money this week in peeny stock " APRO.PK " will be my pick
Gonna miss you guys.
Happy mothers day! I'd be nowhere without my mommy <3
No. But there's a good story behind the laffs. I can tell. Argh.
Congrats to Larry Bird and the Indiana Pacers, moving on to the Eastern Conference semis.
Parker is a better finisher around the rim. No argument there. But Bayless also added that as a second argument.
<women usually eat more chocolate around Aunt Flo's monthly visit, because it helps keep your iron levels up. OMG FACTS!
It doesn't help when people think that just because they have used Drupal, Joomla!, etc they know how to create web sites
on silent library from 2010 eww that chinese mix im about to get sick watching it lmao
My phone is blowing up with event invites :(
The finish line will be 25 days & 25,000 miles later in Grand Rapids, MI, at the opening of the FOE International Convention on July 8, 2012
thought u lived in GA?
A lot of mullets at the zoo today
Congrats! I just insulted a local radio host! Yay for great days!!!
The worlds game comes to seattle and we dominated! Hell yeah!
~ Dislike! How about You?
I think you better call Tyrone! 🎵
Bonjour! Up and at 'em. Looking for story ideas. Got any? What happened around Oklahoma over the past few days?
I luv ur crayon art! I think I'll try today cuz it's guna rain...
I explain the truth, I don't argue it...it is what it is...deal with it....
In desparate need of a refill! Must...get...it....done LOL
Are you getting your own?
We have a new server ready - vpn-vn6 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida. It's available in your customer area now.
How was your Monday?
what do Jet fans do? Go Blue? why am I asking a Dolphin fan. misery looking for company I guess
Hi Brooks, just wanted to introduce myself. I'm a visual designer. Great looking office!
lol well I ended buying the disc sets til I caught up and now I if I miss an episode I watch it on the net, but I understand u ;)
I LOVE YOU WENDY! SEE YOU AT OUR NBA ALL STAR FASHION SHOW IN ORLANDO, FL ORLANDO SUN RESORT! 1PM! I GOT A SEAT FOR YOU! :-)
Have had a ball in Chi. Heading back to the Land of LA;-)
hey shut the fuck up.
Follow the Law Office of Nicolas M. Geman on twitter !
stalking you guys on ALL channels :) miss you guys cant wait for Vegas
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses.- Napoleon Hill
Now that Ms. Bachman has dropped out of the presidential race, anyone care to wager a prediction as to what her next move will be?
My horoscope isn't 1/2 bad today. Maybe I should try to make the best of it.
I love you Twitter Tweeters. But, I've got to step away from the computer and my iPhone and accomplish something tonight! You're addictive
Know of any Peer Jury resources or examples in D.C. or nearby? Contact us!
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.~ Frank Loyd Wright
": ": that's not him, its some old lady Ester he works with" lol! Ester got a mean shoe game
Not really feeling being up this early
I hate myself so much.
ima singer songwriter and I been admiring ur work 4 awhile now we def gotta collab
all good on the west side Sis. What's good with you?
Thank you for your article on Junior. It brought smiles in between the tears.
I said friday night my house!
would love to find out more about you for my athletes I represent!
Starting off Monday morning with snaps of the bomb Loompa Farms Miami White and Chemdogg Thanks to the homie Kushits. Irie!!!
you are sexy(; follow? Please
Keep it going Giants. Huge drive right now.
I hate when I have "free time"
This feelings familiar, I've been here before
have a couple of comps and BOGO's for opening tomorrow! Contact me if you're interested!
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you!  29
Good seats are still available for Wicked! Best bets for seats are Tues, Wed, Thurs & Sun evening performances, or Thurs Jan 27 at 2pm!
that's unfortunate. I went until 4 am and feel great.
Lls ok boot!!!!
RT : Lixin Fan: "technology is essential to give the new generation power [in China]"
RT Need to find a doctor I do. Very green I appear to be. Download iTriage I must. Hrr Hrr Hrr.
Call the #Lakers that Cali bud, cause they are getting smoked like it by #OKC tonight
At this point in the semester, every hazy good intention is unmasked as an unrealizable dream. Pragmatism becomes survival.
Never be afraid to sit awhile and think. Lorraine Hansberry
Monster time..
Good luck! I love you! Please follow me back. It would mean the world and a half to me. Have fun on that stage.
The generation before us is fading. We can't depend on hip hop artists and other stars for moral leadership. Are you doing your part?
Okay! But it's going to involve cold beverages. I hope you know this.
prince is an amazing guitarist and pianist!!! He really rocks out at his concerts...one of the best entertainers I have seen.
Motorola to launch MOTOLUXE in Canada in Q2 – PhonesTabs
hey girly - lunch soon?!
Any time. Much love.
haha :) ahh fun! Lots of theme parks there as well! Sea world, universal, Disney.. But you probably know that already loll
Had a great time at King of Queens. Ms. Kitty Litter was a delight as always. Trampolina was rather spectacular as well.
Umm… wait… what were your talking about?
What a game!
Gotta go to urgent care😷
#ImThatPersonWho will be successful someday
hey Craig! It's my birthday! :D
and you & amy were great in it!
that's it andres. i'm kickin your ass.
yes! Already presenting some of your line to a client!
One thing that i hate. Boring texters!!
try #Pitiona in
Getting my rook pierced in a few minutes .. currently
cool story bro now in what chapter do you STFU[;<3
Real nigga say word
Why'd u just call me hoe
its so funny! i was on netflix bored trying to see what to watch cause all the movies suck -.- I cant stop laughing lol
will you follow me please I love you
how many at KC Cauldrons are there now?
Oh wait.. I can sleep in tomorrow!! Or maybe go to review. ORSLEEPIN.
Did I tell y'all I saw Rick Ross at the heat game yesterday?
Poor Man U,Man City was just teasing yall Lmao
NU UH! Colton got sent home on American Idol! ;-;
Early to bed, early to rise... Now if only I can get the first part down...
Should I be embarrassed or proud that I don't know how to read QR codes on my iPhone?
Mens fitness shoot today!!!
Good to know! RT H.F. is the real deal Holyfield.
Cheese Making Class. Feta, Ricotta, Mozzerella and Butter. Fondue for dinner. April 27th 6:30 pm.
Good lord has completely lost his ability to work the crowd...that was awful:-)
if the rumors are true and a boston fan was killed in the riots, I am very upset with #vancouver come on, that is fucking pathetic.
Dawgs N Hawgs Great place to hang out in #McKinney #texas Horne Wild Wild West Spectacular
First time volunteering for the Special Olympics today, looking forward to it.
"Real" is like True Love.. U can't turn that shit on n off.. U are or ur not #takestance n
So happy and ecstatic to see all oF my
. We've been annoyed w/ GoDaddy for a while, so I guess this is just the kick in the pants we needed to get away completely.
you should bring me food:)
dang! i wasnt expecting that many! wow!
oh, like you're opposed to mind-altering drugs.
thanks for the follow back ms Samantha!!!
preciate it bro will do
I wanna know the deets about this workout
Just tuned into the game the boys got this, alrite alrite alrite...
Showing off: Junior League of Detroit fundraiser offers design inspiration
SUCK OFF BITCH!!!!
You should really write more for this story.
I keep smelling dog treats for some odd reason .
Thanks to our #GPTWConf sponsors , , Mars, , SC Johnson, Sofitel,
oh haha cool!:] I'm just tweeting and doing some HW. Not much really! Lol♥
Hi I can't feel my legs
Reminder that I'll be performing TONIGHT at 9PM at CAKE at the Red Line Tap, 7006 N Glenwood. Hope to see ya there!
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
no I have not had the opportunity :(
#Jesus Today I am filled with the Holy Spirit and I am ready to be a disciple of Christ!
Alsip test went ok. Maybe one of these FD's will call me sooner rather than later. Id like to be a big boy firefighter sometime before Im 30
I don't wanna be the man of the relationship grow some balls and say what's on you're mind
So we both need a life, hm? :-)
Hey, it's a job, and I enjoy it, and I rather keep it mysterious, don't really like people knowing too much about me.
just go to bed
I need to start P90X back up.
It's May! Summer's almost here — the perfect time to start making new friends with :)
is giving away free appetizers tonight at Sprechers....
u better!!!
Stop taking in stray animals .... Get rid of cable....
totally agree...love how he was 2nd best for 3 months and in 3 days some want him in round 2...
if you wanna hear our song on the radio, 88.7 is going to play it next
I ain't gon' lie..i was talkin to a few different dudes cuz I'm single tryna get to know em..but they got double standards. I'm good on....
This just in from an unnames source - was held back in the 2nd Grade...twice
and NYC get the concept of data distribution. Reach people where they are.
You better meet with your boss.
Heading to for + #ConnectGens Fellowship program. Interviewing prospective fellows.
Weather Forecast Baltimore, MD | Baltimore Weather | Wunderground
that sounds amazing! I'll have to try this weekend.
#imsofuckedup I assumed I'd be cool without my friends while going somewhere else. But obviously I was. I gave them the wow factor. Serious.
Eating lunch with my dad at el nopal
New attacks for running for Gov 3 times, while he is running for Gov for the 3rd time himself
if I am the Raiders just waived kicker - how many kickoffs do I have to do??
GREAT DISCOUNTS THIS WEEK ! FREE LAYAWAY! STOP BY SAT OR SUN CHANCE TO WIN BIG!BUCKS $OPEN SAT 8-8PM SUN 8-6PM HOLIDAY HOURS HAPPY HOLIDAYS
Fun night with friends at Miller Park. And great to see a Brewers win too!
Great story about #flinttown on #RockCenter. Glad to hear the graveyard shift is back!
Good morning! Coffee over here if you need it
is happy that Christopher liked it...so he put a ring on it! Stay tuned...July 25, 2010!
People's questions about my upbringing are gone when my mom introduces the moose head as "my real father."
Brandon Bass just manhandled Josh Smith. Grown man move.
Thanks to #SteveJobs for all the Innovation and Inspiration at Apple. Wishing him good health in his future.
anyy night that includes us is a good night!! #
someone thinks you're doing it right -- have you a shoutout in a comment at Howl Round.
"Everybody's trying to call Rick" (Note: Name was arbitrary, one other was scribbled over, can't make it out, unfortunately)
Great day meeting a lot of association planners in Richmond!
Coffee shop chatter is all about hypnotism and cults this morning. facinating!
oh please you know you aint got shit on my 2k game. thats a joke
The royals are killing me.
Great to "see" you this morning! I had a meeting or I would have come in to talk!! Did you watch on #agt?
And Southgate RT : The last place I'd ever wanna seek shelter is strozier.
Long day its lookin like!
Please follow me Greyson! (:
we are back in the A T L!
If you find yourself walking around downtown San Diego and you are hungry for delicious Mexican food, you should swing by :)
and what's that favor!?
Thanks for the reverse jinx the '06 finals refs are back
ok liar. Lol
For a NYT reporter, RJ has a lot of free time. Also, why were Julia and Frank both wearing plaid in the following scene?
Yaaay! THE Nate Hall loves me. Get jealous errbody
I thought we were in 4D/4G already with the Web, especially since it was just your birthday. What happened to Smell-o-Vision?
You would rather be pissed off the pissed on
Did "Poptones" ever make it on a Best Basslines list?
Saddens me when a family checks out tons of movies and a little kid asks to check out one book and parents say no...
RT : Internet Pay TV Set for 4x Growth by 2020? - Not unreasonable - Google is coughing up $100 million to create......
Smh only niggas , wish I could be by myself
Laptops can weigh as little as 6 pounds!
Among all the charming @ replies one receives, the spam ones stand out like weeds amidst sunflowers--to be relentlessly chopped and blocked.
Namaste… RT : Every single one of us is born with peace and tranquility in our heart. promote happiness.
boi I'm bout to get another one right now.
The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn.
Speaking at Robert Morris College at their Culinary Symposium tomorrow. Little nervous...wish me luck!
Just followed everyone back who's following me :)
RT : Now all i need is to put the camera down & join us at tmrw nite! >>what time!!???
you two have fun !!! Xoxoxo
Justin Bieber Check out This WebSite I Made?
think they ought just make it a skills comp and 7-7 flag football game. That shit sucked dog!
Megan from The Next Great Baker is kind of sexy
Excited for this Satuday in Cincy!
New phrase: Conference Twenvy - n. - When a bunch of people you follow on Twitter are at the same conference and you're not.
adding to etsy shop today
I KNOW! this summer we will hang out a ton, i've just been so busy lately.
I'm up 6 in the morning lerkin......
did you show them the door?!?!
No problem, a wallaby bite your internet cable?
It is going great :) how is school going for you?
I Love you Jesus with my all, My everything is your hands Father, You have control of everything, Thank you Father, I praise You..
Dirk better not try to bump with Perkins or ibaka. He will get his ass beat.
THX 2 all who have registered - nearing 50% capacity!! Reg now to ensure your spot and help us make this PDX's premiere networking event!
Strong Sunday Practice to wrap week 1. Broke out the Laser Timer to record 40's for skill positions. Always interesting.
hahahaha, i know!!(: are you watching it?!
Me. I can't move anything but my fingers lol
RT : Rumors that a pool of BBQ sauce will rain down from the ceiling during last song at #TechKaraoke !
That's what I'm talkin' about! Am I gonna have to cover for you this season, too? :-) RT Bring on the Ravens baby!
I love getting a rotisserie chicken at the store picking all thru it and making a big bowl of chicken salad. Small pleasures!
Hearty potato soup, chili, meatball bomber sub, turkey and stuffing sandwich all on special for lunch.
Sitting at Joes with a few members of the cast of The Fabulous Fable Factory. Well that's about it.
why am i watching Jennifer's Body?!
so did you have any luck today
Finally eating lunch in peace. Aww so relaxing now :)
Absolutely! Very exciting for and #CentralFL in general
I got out of my rut by re-listening to Wee Free Men by Terry Pratchett and then a Dresden Files book read by James Marsters
#FF More Divas making it happen
For the next 2 hrs midori trunk show at sugar cafe. Bags, boots, body painting and booze. Pretty sure it's going to be amazing!
Acad/library/design tweeps: Anybody have access to digitized back issues of House Beautiful? Looking for particular issue from 1951.
Advice of the day: Dr. Pepper trumps all other sodas.
I MISS YOU.
Cleaning....some ppl hate cleaning but it relaxes me. Gets my mind off the I deal with daily.
Nebraska bound in 3 hours, stoked to be with ! hope your feeling it in the A.M. cant party without you =P
Dating , pretty
Lansing Jazz Fest Friday-Saturday www.jazzlansing.com
Think you know Baltimore? Play Baltimore's version of amazing race and support a great cause. Details at unchainedtalent.org
- Thanks for the retweet! Have a lovely evening!
Yes! They will draw fab b&w cartoons to go with your stories!
RT : They are Lou-ing RT : Why is the crowd booing? They got the call.
Sometimes you gotta get away.
I can watch an hour of Jeff Dunham and not giggle once
AGREE ME EITHER I MEANT THAT CRAP THAT REPLACED OLTL. SORRY I DIDNT STATE THAT.
we're about to order more sunglasses. ...what colors do you want?
I'm beyond jealous
NOW: Thumbs up, thumbs down on Titanic in 3D, Google glasses, letting your coworkers - instead of ur boss - determine your bonus, & more...
I'm just drunk and think they might they might use a good extra :)
Almost at my sisters birthday bash! Newport Beach! Yummy food!
Why are me and my sibling having this convo lol 0__o >>>>
Gameday! Time to show the #MLS Cup Champs who's boss! RT if you Believe We Will Win!
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long
hahaha how in the world does that happen?! Maybe a heart attack from the stress of having to choose
Went to Arby's.They are laggin on their sandwiches!
good! And oh well, I guess it gives you a chance to listen more lmao... Not that you don't haha
