People, take a minute to give one of our own a Birthday shoutout - Happy Birthday Rohan / !
Loving the fact that closed a L'Enfant entrance with no info on where to get the shuttle.
Zayn is my prince . (':
Panel discussion on the Role of the Critic: Ralf Winter, Charlie Nelson, Elvis Mitchell
Touchez, Casey Anthony... but did you also win the Heisman, rush for 11,236 yards and star in The Naked Gun? Nah, didn't think so.
This still hurts, i cant imagine what texas ranger fans went through this past season.
Dry rubs are fun.
That's a great feeling!! A lot of people don't feel that way about their colleagues.
Wildcat is bout to run wild again tonight.
Meeting today with & today to at the new World Class Events facility! Anyone want to host an event or party!?
Okay back to these graphics! This is what i does!!!!
#virgindiaries=some of the nastiest kisses I have ever seen....
I never learn my lesson lol
Oh, I love Jack!
that be some animal style with quezo
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.”
I will definitely check out your site...thanks! Follow back :-)
the cranky egg apologized. his last tweet to you says "sorry man". hmm...bipolar mullet hater?!
or awful if black-out rules prevents people from seeing national game; stay on Sat night so I can watch via package
I hate how I care for people when they're even the slightest bit down.
Come To Walk For Hunger Tomorrow @ 11:30 To See , , & Perform @ Cambridge Boat House(:
Recovering from a shit show
Hey Tim, it's great to connect, i think you're a fantastic actor. LA is wonderful thanks, I'm loving it here!
looking for office space right next to Old Town stop by 407 Rio Grande #ABQ or call 505-480-1602
Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up
bro i got a message from him today and it threw me so off guard i started crying.
This whole conversation just tells me that I'm terrible in bed!
Mayor Adrian Fenty: education reform in the District was his proudest accomplishment.
please follow me :D 26
Freedom is not free! We have to remember those men and women sacrificing their lives for us!
Thank The Lord for waking me up this morning
Have any of you done Eloqua's training? Recommend it?
Sad game last night...keep ur chins up! Next week will be better, won't it?
Will be jolly'ing it up around Launch Pad today? Better visit our #prelax popup shop and find out!
Nice font!
I will be your demise! know my name and fear it.
War of 1812 Celebration will involve Blue Angels flying over the city and war ships in the harbor to your... Starts in June!
that's the way I think of it, eventually the time put in will make it better for me later! :)
With 70% of votes counted, Walker has more votes than all Dems combined in 41 counties, while Dems have 29.
Not all babies use pacifiers. If baby just isn’t that much of a “sucker,” may not need to be soothed by sucking on pacifier at all.
my heart and ability to forgive.
we're neighbors! likewise, glad we're in touch. i might DM you soon - i have a question about your industry. xx
RT 2011 #Jewish Educator Award recipients, w/ Lowell , 's Gil Graff & Richard Sandler
Have it on my phone, but haven't played it yet. Let me know if you want to play!
Hypocrisy, thy name is Mark Sanford! What sleazebags these married self-righteous, sanctimonious politicos are!
Melina Abdullah:Dead Prez, living in a police state. Hip hop and community organizing are twin modes of response.
So Funny Shelby believes her name is princess. Just ask her :)
I couldn't either cuz gimli never came back lol. but apparently my subconscious knows the entire 'blow the horn' speech...
Setting up plans for a Comedy Documentary I'll be filming in the very near future. Who would have thought it'd be so bloody complicated.
Multiple Allowed, Earn 2% daily, matured in 75 day (Total : 150%) and every 4 positions matured
#fridayreads In honor of my bday taco crawl, I'm reading about how my fave food is taking over the country in TACO USA. Tacos, anyone? M
how were gymclassheros? c:
Very much worth the tweet. It's a slow tweet day.
An honor RT I don't usually do this, but here goes. #FF Team OC:
We will be increasing our fleet in the upcoming weeks...
Thought you might be interested but some friends and I are going on a ghost hunt at that asylm in Seattle that TAPS went to
I'm looking at all the work I have to finish. Can't even concentrate! Just keep thinking about among others
Of course, the one night I'm actually in Hampden! We'll be at the Dizz around 7:30 if you're interested.
haha that'd be funny!
im not being shy about it and wow
Will I ever stop coughing? 😓
Iive in LA , you should come visit over here ! ;D
of course i want too
Lots of memorizing and practicing to do tonight, without feeling over-rehearsed. What is your favorite way to memorize presentations?
No school tomorrow
Standing armies are a threat to out republic. Thomas Jefferson knew it. Too bad Obama doesn't get it... Mr. Peace candidate...
of course, especially with up to 12" new snow forecast soon. Btw, love the milk! Say moo to Brent for us
is the most amazing man I know! ( he is single ladies!)
I like your profile pic, very professional!
Dropping the kids off at the pool.
nothing like a good 70's bush
Good morning, #Chicago! Did you know we're giving away $1,000 in FREE rent? Ask us how you can get in on it. ;)
thanks, Chubs haha.
OMG PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME
#dsoc twitter handle is
found someone to sew the hem tags on! and the Art Star Craft Bazaar is only 9 days away.
Listening to Red Bull, Southwest Airlines, and QuickTrip's sponsorship leaders.
Music editor is talking summer music right now on Seattle Sounds, 97.3 KIRO FM
Hey brother we sent you beats in the past and now you're in Miami. We'll be out there tonight with ya catching your set!
Stuck inside today until my parking lot is plowed. Looks like I will be unpacking the rest of my boxes from my move... Which was last year
LOL it seems so obvious doesn't it?
RT :I'm pretty sure my manhood is dependent on whether or not I can take all the groceries from the car to the house in 1 trip
Go Packers!
the new site rocks.
Haha naw the one he put up was good
follow me on gif boom natalieeerose_ ill follow back :)
like the moon
seems like he has been gone longer than normal.
How does a #Marathon #Triathlon &/or #Cycling sound this morning!? Register for our upcoming fall events now! You won't regret it!
I can see my house from here.
...and don't think he realizes it ": Many women today fall in love with a man's $$ & confuses it for his heart.."
The measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy
I'm #hiking today.
#Glad to see you're so #popular on #twitter, Mark. Keep up the #good #work. We're #happy to be #publishing WHAT BEAUTY in March
Lmao! No sir! Not at all!!!
Please bring it tomorrow and then I'll leave u for ever!
Had great show last night! Thanks so much for all the love!
Just sitting here watching her waiting for da best day of her dam life.
Yes sir
yeah he pounds on my dad!!
rule. They just *do*. If you live in the MidAtlantic and are all about Apple and Mac stuff, they're all that & a bag 'o chips.
Any musicians out there? Finding a good site that allows you not only to share your music, but has a build in community, is very important.
Is it me... or does today seem super long?
Icing my face with a bag of frozen corn while singing: "nothing's fine I'm corn"...
: I don't get how someone can just wake up one day and all of their feelings for someone are gone.
I've unofficially decided to call it a wrap here. Next!
If Barbie were life-size, her measurements would be 39-23-33. She would stand seven feet, two inches tall. Wow that just killed myself image
I JUST SCREAMED LOLL! well montreal is waiting for you boys<3
Sign up for Voice of McDonalds
Working on "Leadership: The Master Plan" with Bob in our Southern Office.
": It is not the No. of friends you have but how much you talkwith them & them with you-several RTs R better than 7000 followers"
We ALWAYS welcome ammo RT: Filed story on Lott IMPACT Trophy luncheon. Big Ten fans I have some ammo for you to smack the SEC with
Jim Hughson is the gold standard for hockey announcers.
is my girl :) let's twerk it up all day today
Del Fuegos at flashback sure had some fun in the 80s - and now for that matter
I love BBCs Sherlock Holmes ... Not sure why I never watched it before.
I have heard it all now. “: makes me want a baby.... Ready to be a Dad”
Feeling is mutual! RT : Nice to meet you and hear Matt Howard and speak today!
At the library, hoping to find a place to live till I can get a job. Hope and Change bastard! Screw you!
i'm firewall!
Wow you are rockin the great buys! Love it!
Two more weeks and i can actually cut contact between us c:
I just saw myself in the documentary! For like a second! Ha!
Hi yep your totally right
How is identity a matter of life or death for many of our barrio youth?
Yep, it's for real.
Revolutionary Cleaning successfully removes obstructions and blockages to help your home dryer work more efficiently,
They don't call us stepchildren for nothing :)
"I DON'T GIV A FUCK ABOUT DISSING THESE FOOLS, CUZ' THEY ALL SCARED OF THE ICE CUBE"-ICE CUBE"THE NIGGA U' LOVE 2 HATE"
with 5 children adopted from foster homes, we face those tough questions often, especially since most are now grown
Should've hired a lawyer?
can you just give us each a ticket? And if we both show up, we both show up? I guess I can call him.
How do you not love it when KG knocks down a big shot and goes cussing all the way back down the court?
use of adderall with college students is big now. A lot of info out there, not sure if that's what you're looking for
I never thought my advisor would become a viral sensation.
nevermind...found it!
Great job Lincoln! Looks great.
I think EVERYone should have a mood ring
Sounds like a perfect celebration...I'll do this on Lake DuBay!
he is, though he doesn't go outside so he enjoys it through the screens.
And to you as well!
Follow your passion, there is dignity in all work, nothing is random. Yay!
the fact that make it or break it completely over <<<<<
Happy birthday (:
Gm text from him (: !!! Gm tweeps
sure. We will let know and he will be getting in touch with you
Happy Valentine's Day everyone! Spread the love EVERYDAY ;))))
There are times when I love my job & times it annoys the hell out of me, because it keeps me from writing. Still editing. Page 145 of 277.
Ima wear my apron a la Juanita, I think. Step one: Buy an apron.
I would like some more information please, getting ready to launch new site for internet marketing pros
Damn girl every updated picture better than the last. Waiting for your presence on my show. Did you like my work?
any hints for us lay-folk?
My cousin made them & I had leftover glaze from the coffee cake for Mothers' Day brunch.
Of course deserves a spot in the
Uhh no my flight from Portland was 2 hours delayed so I missed my connection, had to wait 3 hours in the airport
Just figured out that flickr only displays 90 seconds of video uploads. Crap. I was really liking using them. Now they are out.
Thanks for the RT, Coach:)
context: we were talking about footwear. Geeze.
If you want more hits, blow something up or use nudity.
Yea, Jefferson Lies is by a pseudo-historian and inaccurate. has an e-book coming out soon countering it.
Lmao This Nigga Said I Need To Grow Up. HAHA #StopIt! Nigga You Don't Even Know Me.
#Fact Girls say "Suck My Dick" more than boys do.
Happy Birthday to you!! Welcome to the 30 Club!!!
Having daddy heart in stepdad body-wouldn't wish it on worst enemy but wouldn't miss it 4 world if it meant not knowing my little girl.
30 days to Texas RoundUp and a step toward a healthier lifestyle! Family Mile or 5K. Join us for this Austin classic on April 28....
anytime before 10am or in the evening, glad you're thinking big!
okay ill try and help you best I can!
your the one dating Louis Tomlinson? Your beautiful(:
Lady Gaga! I'm tired of typing "The Edge of Glory" on YouTube!! For the love of flippin Gaga!!
Some guests prefer cool and some need extra warmth, be sure and have a spare blanket 4 them
everybody loves a Wisconsin girl!
Hey Evanna my cat Abby can do amazing Puss in boots eyes i will send them to you tomorow. Night NightXx
I wanna be his girl someday . <3
Is having a healthy museum good for the community? Better ?: how does a museum support quality of life in a community?
Ah! The package is in New Stanton, PA...come on package, you're so close!!
I'm back to being amused by these kids as they annoy the guy next to me.
Whew, ME3 was serious. Darn good ending. I guess there are six others to experience. I'm down.
This week's Bi-Weekly User Group featuring WCMS Features Overview will be held Friday, April 13, from 1p.m. - 2 p.m.!
Hanging 10' tall ceiling pendants today! And huge art! This home is starting its weekend early!
Mom: "I think molasses is slower than you. "
I want to meet She's seems really nice and cool. :]
4 flights of stairs to get to the 3rd floor?
We hope you had a great night! St-Germain & Champagne is a winning combo! Santé!
ADIDAS!!! ADIDAS!!! ADIDAS!!! WE HAVE THE HOTTEST LATEST STYLES COME SHOP WITH US AND GET THE GEAR HERE TO MATCH!!!! 4443 CANE RUN RD
Exactly! I think we are all a little bit. ; )
Facebook is really just a museum of failed relationships.
what sign looks luckiest to win?
checking on it.
Another crazy workout this morning. Feeling the endorphins flowing!!
Warren Buffet has all the respect from me in the world now. Stop Coddling the Super-Rich
are you sure you get it? do you? ya- a bit drawn out, easy go to line when busy though, lol.
i wish! but i gotta get back to work..i am coming for your big day though, only for your day can you believe it??
Happy MF Friday for me!
Bakersfield starts on a 8-0 run to begin Q3 and now lead 49-44
Pregame Speech number 3 is up. Except tonight will not be a "Miracle". We are going to do exactly what we know we are capable of.
JUST BOUGHT THE BEST SEATS TO SEE IN CONCERT FOR 2O13 ! OMGGOSHH <3333333
I have 2 bird nests in my backyard awning, its pick up the dead baby bird time of year.
I'm sorry that everyone is so jealous of you...but you can't help it that you're so popular.
whats the difference between peanut butter and jam
The 24th is coming up soon! Still finalizing camps.. 3 new camps scheduled today!
Thanks! Love your flow. Diggin' "Poetry in March"! Where you guys at? Don't forget us :)
whatd you do now ??
Losing at the Isles, being a lil too aggressive
they say dat the world is gonna end
Your desired leadership qualities: Empathy, financial common sense, approach-ability, & strategic thinking. Thank you for the input tweeps!
that got cancelled too, and I was supposed to go to six flags great adventure today but that was cancelled! i'm starting to see a pattern
Daily Special, Mon 04/02/12 - Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
But of course!
Reading about your One Woman show has inspired me to write my own! Thank you!!
evan turner what what
Just watched "The Letting Go" episode of PP. You made this grown ass man cry at a TV show, which I don't do. Whew! Brilliant
Oh, that must have been so much fun! I am jealous of both of you.
Can u act?
people used to think it prevented implantation. Scientific data doesn't support that. Learn biology stray.
do u do videos?
no one in this world knows me the way u do. hate how much<3 boy cant stand how much I need u(want choke u I hate how u do thing stay <3 u)
What time does the prsa event this morning actually start?
Congratulations to 2012 graduates: Tiffany, Jeremy, Rachel, Alaina, Alex, Sammi, Amy & Kent. Good luck!
at least Damion at pro dept was super cool today <3
We are thrilled to have won the GRAND JURY PRIZE film festival!
Can someone explain this "pintrest " thing?? Apparently I'm not hip...
Prof is asking for input on her pedagogy...
lol, well danm, you really had no choice, im sorry u had to run into a unfaithful ass nigga like me, AND THEN fell in love
Boehner bored, irritated, contemptuous and parched.
&#39;Sony Ericsson XPERIA X10 Mini-Pro BLACK Android ...
take me with you!!!!
So addicted to Dr. Pepper.
I went through iFile and the icon is in there, and I also had the same exact problem with BlackHaz3.
Eww. RT Every time that song "Kiss Me" by Sixpence None the Richer plays, a chunk of my penis falls off.
Thanks for all the shout outs!
Who is the soloist on this version of the Rachmaninoff 3rd?
I like ISTE NETS. We have adapted this rubric that we found-evidence of learning in the 21st c. classroom. will find link.
hey bud
RT Having to ring the house phone when your in bed because someone down stairs is listening to some opera music proper ...
It depends on the height from which you jump.
I just wanna runaway from all this shit bro.
footloose :D
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, For the LORD your God is the one who goes with you to fight for you against your enemies to give...
I have seen and collected some of your work :) (social media "cards"). Nice stuff. And from
you're hilarious beautiful and caring. You have it all. I love your show btw :)
i love mfg bt when i have stuff mfg dont support me
why u in the hospital
not fatigued but I have been pacing myself as I want to be fully conscious at all times
Primary election day in #Wisconsin. Just put "I voted" sticker over front doorbell. If only there were an equivalent for our home phone.
We stopped at a Doublebee's gas station just outside of Little Rock and the van next to us is full of ferrets...
Feels cheesy like that commercial.. I volunteer blank something.
Lebron dunk was better than the flip!It was to sick yo!
Starbucks is the only place in Fillmore, CA where one can buy the WSJ...and the barista says I'm the only one who buys it
The key was simple,it's who u really r..
Ha! I love it!
RT Is tonight the night THE follows me?! After a year will it finally come true?! I hope...<3😍💜
Half: Dallas 26-Southwestern 20. Getting stops on D (7 turkeys). Must work INSIDE/out on O. Take advantage of them playing behind in post!
RT : Landed in Vegas, ready to hit the circuit #Vegas <<REPRESENT WELL!
Hunger Games was awesome!!
Quvon's always talking shit. About me.
Girl ik how much u really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need u
Ready to talk ebooks in Deanza Three.
DIY hack uses Google Calendar to automate home heating system (video) - Engadget
Ready for breakfast
DC: Ward 5 we need THOMAS to represent! GRAY/BROWN/THOMAS.....LEADERS!!
Tight Santorum...please CNN, keep repeating this.
good morning jig
Don't wanna go to school
oh do you want the twitter bg white? haha
NHL: First-round preview: Rangers versus Senators Don't go to sleep on this Rangers-Sens series. It's going to be a great one.
#Seahawks sign Frank Omiyale or as Bears fans lovingly referred to him "Gate 68." So, uh, good for adding depth!
when you dont have a iphone and hit 160 characters on the dot >
Today's Google doodle is so pretty!
No surprise. Joe Maddon with a class gesture. He's the best.
Mrs farner was my summer school teacher back in the day and she had some sick whips, ya I use to be dumb
Thanks for coming to our class! Very sad, very enlightening. Tell Addie, thanks, also.
Great entrepreneurs are heat-seeking missiles: Always scanning the horizon for the target.
one more hour and im off!
Passing notes is so elementary school really people this is college lol yall make me laugh
Why cant I have one fucking good day...
Like Nd I'll Hit You Up?
that's just the Dark Lord being himself, welcome to the Dark side
I think Richard Marx is sleeping in this McDonalds.
apparently you've never been to Polyclinic Broadway.
Ihave no idea wtf im doing on here. :D #lost lmfao
Aw man, i gotta check in my savings but all my moneys in my checkings. i got you but it might take too long
Sarah morning....miss you :-)
Great call by the home plate ump. Humber deserves it after that performance.
come on, very few are heading to the exits. Take it easy on the O's.
We heard great things about the Mountain View Mayhem team, nice job guys!
But you guys are going to be so close to us next week! Just add a couple days and drive north. ;-)
and every person's threshold is different. what might be trauma to one person might be a tuesday to another.
Holy shit all time low is coming to miami!!! "MOM!"
Tonight's Foreign Film - VITUS (Swiss, 2006) at 7:30pm. This is one of the better films I've seen in the last few years...Don't miss it!
hahaha i suppose so :P
Stop coming into my room and talking to me. You're so annoying I cannot even handle
mining the files for data for the taxpersons. oh joy.
Btw... have you applied for #fitfluential? I think you would be a great addition!
Kickin this saturday off right
Finally catching up with the Bill Clinton documentary on PBS. I'd forgotten that in 1993 I had a crush on Dee Dee Myers.
samm text me! ur number got erased out of my phone wen i got a new one.
Only if you can get your sodas by pitching a strike with a rolled up sock.
just say SARAH and ROBERT just say
sleepy and whiney babies could make very effective interrogators
I heard you can get addicted to that stuff. I guess it does something to your nose to make you keep using it.
I'm ok. Managing... you?
Acupuncture office & herbal pharmacy now accepting credit cards!
we hope you two are having a wonderful time! Wish her a very Happy Birthday from us!
Gender and religious intolerance. Very provocative and legalese at the same time.
Its going to be a night full of Laughs! See you there! :-)
#LAMHarvard The job is encouraging use (and I think the motivation for LAM convergence-- follow the users).
Great question. Until we see their plan 4 moving forward/next season, it's a mute point. Balls in their court, again.
South Cali Represent. Forever Me. Adios to my true friend one day I'll be out of this bullshit but until then Adios I say.
will a vitamix change my smoothie loving life?
Update - Playing @ Trinity Church on Jackson Avenue in N.O. with my dad tonight 9pm!
hi Thomas 💛 Thank you for always inspiring me so much! I Love you💛 without you I wouldn't be who I am today so thanks!💛💛
the thought (dream) of coffee woke me up :P
You need to take some of that medicine!
Not going to lie - I don't really want to go to a StackOverflow meetup tomorrow that's 19 men and 1 woman (me).
Depends what you consider 'doing', but Boston is pretty small. I'm traveling a bit in June—what dates were you thinking?
thanks for the follow michelle
With Pep stepping down Aron Winter is SERIOUSLY concerned about his job.
keep tweeting lil bird....
Being the boss is treating you well!
eww homework lol. Where are you from? :)
Work tomorrow, need a good night sleep. See you all tomorrow. :)
Live your life in balance and stop trying to say what folks say you should be.
So this hoe , outta nowhere she messages me telling me to go over -.- WTF? I don't even know you. And i'm taken <3 bye! ^.^t
In just over two months I'll be chilling by the bay in San Francisco!! You have no idea how excited I am!!
As Joe Paterno laid in his hospital bed dying, Newt Gingrich paid him a visit to let him know that he was now a fan of Ohio State.
19 more school days until #summer ! Countingdown everyday now! :)
Listening to a guy tell the pilot of this flight that he's not planning on turning off his portable device.
I like your name
Hi Suzy..glad to see u join twitter! great nite at PinkSlip mixer in Danville. Give a shout out to
Ferret sitting for a friend this week. The slinky of the animal kingdom! Although she'll never admit it, I think my cat's made a new friend.
Its been so much fun in #Hartford this weekend. If anybody has any great pictures from the #SpringHomeShow send them on over!
I have a lot to say, it is just that most of it is spectacular and astounding!!
“: My prayers are with you Japan god blees those family of lost ones I know your sad”
Overslept by two hours this morning. Joined the A.M. newscast in progress. This is going to be a great day, isn't it?
I know I haven't see you for a while... Does that mean I'm out of the
RT "Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things."-Robert Brault
It's #FirstFriday. Come to and hang out to the sounds of DJ LadyFingers.
Tiered of talking cause y'all aint listening
Where there is peace, there is wisdom.
Heading to Philly this weekend. How is the bikeshare out there?
it was a bust week, I get it! Rest up!
i don't know cause the clock on my computer is set to LA time
Wendell Willkie~ The constitution does not provide for first and second class citizens.
is MALLET easy or hard to use?
Tough life, eh? ;) RT : *Groan* Still stuffed from a great lunch today. Next up? Sweet treats !
I wanna try some new recipes for hot wings
Still no replay on the Jenkins 3pt foul? Easily the worst call I've never gotten a 2nd look at.
How was the Refectory?
Imagine Austin briefing concludes.
address please :)
Just wrapped successful run of V. Room. Great experience with wonderful people both onstage and backstage!!!
31,007 at Marlins park tonight.
Lord I pray my brother makes it home safely and sound. 🍀
Lmfao my dad looks like a true Cv, he has on flip flops and a T with a Cv flag-___-
“: UNBELIEVABLE. Ten man QPR take the lead. No way. #SurvivalSunday” Love it!!!
Amazing night went out to dinner with 30 of my family members for my grams 81st birthday now time for bleach then bed <3
has lice.
Slut: I'm gonna f$&k that nerd! Nerd: You spelled- wait..what?!
Go to Greenpoint in Brookyn and get some awesome Polish food... pierogi or golombki. #skejidea Any recommendations out there?
just to remind everyone that the Power game is on uStream tonight
They went away for a reason. I promise.
No one can #savehackler if he dares to walk in tomorrow in a green #15 jersey. No place on my team for that!
I will. Haven't been there in almost 20 years. :-D
Off to see The Elephant Man for the 1st time - I can now call myself a true theatre studies major.
Damn that's how u feel... I'm older than u
Nothing worse than Aggies fans! So annoyed... Drink your drink and relax.
Lmao don't act like you didn't resign though :-p
'morning all. I just spent two hours editing /bin/pom.xml rather than /pom.xml - b/c I used the IDE's file finder.
definitely come to Honolulu for a visit. We could use a good BB party here.
#fridayfollow is so easy this week: My friend and newbie , my new friend , and Mr. Smooth
“: Lol having too much fun today.” yes lol
glad for #RGIII but not happy for my #DallasCowboys having to play him
Pumped up for tomorrow.
Ladies Free All Night!! #UNION Dubai Tonight
whatever I knew you'd stand me up. Have fun In Texas lol
MT : we watched the interrupters. After seeing it I look up to she is a great mentor doing an AWESOME JOB
The year 2000 was that year for NO music
Watched "Sleepover" for the 50th x it seems! Very relatable to my age :-) My friend & I are still obsessing over the curly hair!
whoops, did do booker, forgot to add that...
Pre-show "Happiness is a warm gun" and "Bulldog" proves of Montreal has their priorities in the right place.
I can't hang anymore. #ImGettingOld. ):
Letty's babysitter used to be Buffy Sante-Marie's bodyguard.
I unhacked it myself, but thanks
Today is #WineWednesday! Take $10 off all bottles, all night - even during happy hour!
Workouts are like brushing my teeth; I don’t think about them, I just do them. The decision has already been made. – Patti Sue Plumer,...
me too :( I swear, if I ever come to America, I'm gonna meet you, then we can go see him. ♥
second, suppose that we perform a hypothesis test and fail to reject Ho. What have we learned?
M popsicle! I haven't had one since I was young. Reminds me of summer :-)
That doesnt sound good... o.O
Thank You sir
Super quick road trip to Chicago. Zoom, zoom!
Wiz Khalifa show sounding like its going hammer tonight.
What does everybody think about our video?
The spring season of trivia is starting at my bar. Team name ideas tweeps?
Good Afternoon. How are you? 😃
Proposed policy in New York would now require people to provide proof they are #homeless in order to stay in the shelter....
ATLANTIC SALMON eggplant puree, seared greens, feta and sundried tomato dressing
Happy New Years!!!
haha! Thanks for the advice bub!
Evening Jazz ON-AIR Now til 1am ET. Sheila Anderson co-hosting. We're raising $CASH$ FOR JAZZ on Jazz 88 &
piersmorgan Watch and his #FoodRevolution at 8pm on ABC - important show.
looks like Oscar will have some roommates.
Good Morning people
im sick dude :(
62 days between tweets. You can do better Jessica! :)
Ouch, those were some expensive flowers. This had better buy me some major long-term grief relief.
Just got home...let me get the kids to bed & then I'll send some very rough drafts your way.
young matthew I would love to!!
“: When u pour cereal into your bowl and open your fridge to no milk!! Grrrr!”<~Dizzam! see you at work later looking hungry
Great workout tonight ~ love !
RT FRI MAY 25TH ITS THE "ADIDAS" PARTY @ THE GALLERY LOUNGE IN THE "BX" FT N MORE DJAYING B
": I took my dog to the Vet today for a checkup. He's still a dog."
Shout out to in 's social media for B2B presentation. Thanks Bryan!
i feel like dying on my computer desk...dont judge me im tired
If you are looking for some amazing art, please check out our friends at www.wallartdecorstore.com. Eye Catching!
oh ok
Ugh, this Taylor Swift song can't end soon enough.
Love ya Sami! :)
Ha! I can't wait to share that quote with my fellow co-workers.
RT : #FF 2R AMAZING coaches and more to come!!!
We need to all get together in 1 year. Beirut? Malta? Cyprus?
were getting a guy named Stewie.
RT if we need both inventors and entrepreneurs to bring forth innovation, we need better matchmaking> True
I don't need all the lovey dovey bullshit. I need something real.
So... What is your basis for truth? For it to be a valid basis of truth, doesn't it have to be true no matter what... not situational??
Just had some really good #BBQ for lunch at Branding Iron BBQ in Harrisonville. Definitely get the Pit Beans!
i love <3
i was like 10minutes late for it, I tried to do playback but the option wasnt there :'( fuuuuuuck
Introduced some community docents to storytelling. Had a library show no one showed for. Attended a great Wellness Forum in Long Beach. FUN!
Doing a chemistry lab with and
#TheresNoExcuseFor you to hate me when your dont even know me! It's just mean okay..
Playing the tower bar tonight (sunset towers), in duo with Gordon Bash. 7:30.
The strongest tremor in Japan today occurred in Ibaraki during my farewell party... felt right.
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Pittsburgh! Check out the Buckley Guitar!
Yes, yes I am recording the KCA's just to see & & &
Want sum bdubs
think I finally went to bed at 4am. I'm usually getting up at that time.
Dumb ass <3
I would like to strangle IE with ties
I know it was a long shot but I would've liked Barron on the Pack
Red eyes and three feet tall, eh?
So I feel off a bridge into the mud today.
I really want some mint chocolate chip ice cream right about now!
guess so. I live in tn. They've always been My fav team. One of the more traditional teams
My Tumblr right now, it is just..... dirty.
It was a brief but incredible 3 seconds of my life haha
your welcome! I should work for
If you jump I will jump too, we will fall together, from the buildings ledge never looking back at what we've done.
stand living near a big natural gas stinker like that. I'd have a constant headache. I seriously hope there were nohouses near
see u soon! Weh u deh?
1/2 of our new album is written and the demos are done. We are getting amped to record this one.
That's a beautiful picture!!
you , sir , are a sad cunt .
I may have questions... 's mention of your model has me very intrigued! I may want to help out...
I love how GOPers complain Obama does TV shows. Never heard them complain when Nixon said "Here comes the judge" on Laugh In.
Love the hair!
2 be honest I knew all along... I want so bad to please Him that I'm like a bloodhound I will go hard & then keep going Continued next tweet
You'll do great! Break a leg and Good Luck with the Presentation. Turn on your charm and you will woo the crowd :)
offering up great Wednesday night specials: $2 U-Call it Well Drinks, $8 Lg Pitchers of Sam Adams and $1.50 Bottles of PBR
omg driving is scary
I feel like im just gonna waste my time again, that's how it always goes, I only hope that you can be the first to prove me wrong.
The the "library as kitchen" metaphor at #ebooksummit was from Aaron Schmidt on the Ebooks and the Lib User X panel (3 pm)
TOUCHDOWN YEA YEA WE WAS PLAYIN NOW WE BOUT TO GIVE THEM THE BUSINESS
aww thanks lady!
Can't wait for Power Alley on Wednesday on , my favorite player in baseball joins and Kevin Kennedy
I'm well. Just tired. Night
please follow me Miranda! I'm a huge fan! =)
I got him and Dullahan.
hate is just a strong word for love
Yo has to be one of the sexiest woman to me if not the sexiest!!
#uCantBeToughAndSay I love you..
I say that daily. "Better have my mon-nay. My pimp hand is strong!"
lmao thanks for the reminder
Love -- neat space, great interpretation. Especially the Econ-101-in-a-model.
Goodnight Don't get too high lol <3
is the show on Friday, or just rehearsal? Because I'm here till Sunday!
I watched mission impossible last night.. I must say, Tom cruise is very attractive.
thanks guys. you're the best! ^ag
The Last Words of Steve Jobs
Hanging with my friends
me me me! Not sure what to expect...but it sounds cool.
RT : Just got offstage with Rascal Flatts. They really kept up! They really did!
at CUNY has served nearly 19,000 students in less than 3 years connecting them to $36M in benefits and services! Wow
Lost my love .....always and forever love u Russell j setum
Hanging with @ Too many ?
Having a huge urge to online shop. Must. Resist. Temptation.
You are going to be AMAZING!
how many are there?
"We have a culture problem, not an education problem." Standing ovation for Dean Kamen. Highlight of
After 24 full hours of travel, we have arrived in India safe and sound ... The coolest part?
6 more outs!
Thanks for the RTs!
Holy cow, Rocking Frog on Belmont has the cozy hideaway from the rain vibe down to a T today. Nobody take note of that and come to ruin it!
Finally signing up for a Pinterest account so I can comment on the slight misspelling of my name on the #mlanet12 board. :D
#WhyDoiAlways say I'm going to get off twitter to go to bed but never do until like an hour later?
Pork belly & rib tips were both amazing. Polrk belly served w/a mushroom suace that may have been the best I've ever had.
At rush hour downtown not a good idea to walk 5 people deep on the sidewalk #Idiot tourists
A religious person looks for everything a human can do wrong, a regenerated person looks for everything they can do right.
im looking to hire for a few different positions!
Movie night with the sis ~ 'We Bought a Zoo' is such a sweet movie.
Matthew wants me to go for a walk with him . (:
Robert! Thank you so much for the kind mention! We are always happy to provide you quality skin care services.
Waiting at cvs to get meds!
Sent you some fire by my artist esp the "Lavender Dreams" joint
did you help out the Hecht family tonight with the search?
WHY DIE RICH, with so many POOR OUT THERE???? Share the wealth for real....life's to short!
Come Monday, I'll be working at Goodby!
Knicks in for trouble today
I'm not hard to please. I don't ask a lot, but it seems like I'll never get to 50 followers! Hoping to hit 100 before Christmas.
thanks for the follow! How are things?
So you think you can Dance... Prob wont last another season. Getting monotonous already. Geez!
New year, crooked tree, yirgacheffe,
your in my prayers !
Eva Since I Got Brick Fair I Neva Look Back There...
My nigga, I'm faded.
twitter is a huge pool of people who are doing things. i love it.
(personally this hits very home for me & I'm at a loss for words…)
I am so happy to hear that you like it!
All seven million of the world's population watch on as Wikipedia goes black today.
In the fast-paced world of business, fun and work often seem to be an oxymoron. Fun should be part of an organization’s overall strategy.-JW
Got a box of deliciousness from today - tweedy teal wool/silk/cashmere. I'm going to have so much fun "helping" with this one.
Testicles. That is all.
I help aspiring #entrepreneurs turn their hobby into a viable, profitable business.
I love MJ's stuff. he's awesome!
"The poet doesn't invent. He listens." - Jean Cocteau
Good night everyone and sweet dreams Tomorrow one day better what today I'm going to sleep bye hasta mañana
: worth pushing back agnst the "wooing the youth" line on edu loans. College is a common good. All should be in favor, IMHO.
thanks buddy. I'm gonna try and not submit for a while and just work on reading and writing.
me too
The heist is going down! Be sure to get your 'bleu clue' at the door. Be a part of solving the mystery! Rat pack party!
She does that too.
There's always that one teacher who you just want to strangle...
your tweets completely make my day!
Bang Bang!
I would be that son of a bitch smh
both poverty and riches are the offspring of thought by Napoleon Hill
SC: Barbeque. FL: Early Bird Dinner.
9 days! Excited to meet artists, designers, thinkers & doers at The M! Who? We're the sunny side up design lecture series!
Hello world =)
I can never sleep if I don't go to cheer on Sundays!!
Prop shopping on Stupid. :P
Also, is about to send me into a complete ragestroke as well so. I'm with you.
increases their Gogo inflight service 50%. Now close to $18 bucks to get on line in the air.
Trying to catch up to everyone on "Draw something" id a bitch! Lmao
#Bulls have won 3 times @ home, in 1992, 1996 and 1997. #Trivia starts at 6pm.
Congrats for the beautiful float. So happy I was a small part of it.
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my dream come true if yuh followed %
you scared me girl! lol
"It's ok to give; Obama is now president." -- breakdancing kid on the Q train
My trip to the chiropractor coincided with funeral procession for APD officer killed this week. Super depressing.
lucky you. but i get out early to go to the elementary school so it wont be that bad. have you fell on the crutches yet? haha
No wonder im not feeling to great after practicing 3 h in the smoke. Air quality status changed to red = do not go outside for too long
Just sent the NDA's to my people. About to make this TV & Film thing a reality. CW STUDIOS ATL about to go GLOBAL
always showing Ct love respect it
Leaving Dallas. Love hearing these guys say QB1 is the best in the league.
We're sold out for the day!
Ooh ooh I wanna be Lady Deathstrike and played by Kelly Hu!
I feel overpromised and underserved today. Wait, did Obama pay me a visit?
Nice day for UB40.
Good things are happening Looking forward to visiting soon.
i do duh play duh game when i seet down...
Gettin off work early today.......
Ran into a nigga that had to be from Detroit....he just said what up doe.....guess he seen my tigers fitted
Rest in peace Steve Jobs. A great visionary and entrepreneur! The world is better because of the #Apple you bit.
Happy Easter Everyone! Have A Blessed Day xoxoxoxo
But can $ prevail over good sense. We are 50/50 where I live.I don't know about the west but AD is bad,
"SEVEN FOOT TEN. YOU'RE A MORON, CRIMSON"
thankyouu:) I want to change it tho ive had it for soo long I like yours too haha
I just heard you got into Columbia Jschool, congratulations!
Then why not lobby to improve the playing conditions regardless of color? Hard to take Nadal seriously
Yes it will, have fun! RT Heading to the Bulls game tonight.
Yeah buddy! I got a STRIKE! :)
Best way to celebrate a presentation well done-in NYC for the weekend, meeting up with #BC besties in 1 hour!!
just read they're opening a Melt in Mentor in October..start fasting now
Thank you for following
Jus waking up good morning peeps
Who's in NYC right now?
Dude, you OWNED that show tonight. Congrats.
Hopefully getting a job! Hooray for graduating !
One night in Bangkok makes the hard man humble....
Don't understand why some people play on there DS at school.
"Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'll be waiting for you in Fay, bestie. (:
Getting ready for live tweeting day 2 of our annual conference. Join the conversatoin using hashtag
Oh please explain that to my daughter :)
BLESSED LOVE
Ugh im done with this y do i even try i get my hopes up an u crush them every time
RT I am looking for an old, possibly dilapidated, house to shoot a scene for a music video. Does anyone in Nashville have
I will stop at nothing to see in Indiana 6/15 and do drugs with him.
“: just let your soul glow!” preach
& didn't know I was gluten intolerant until I eliminated for a while, then cheated w/ it on occasion-getting sick every time
Change Puzzle Experience Workshop running today! Promises to be a highly involving day #change #extended #learning # training
yoyoyo my name is joe!!!!! tee hee
feed him some blue cheese for me :-) “: Last dinner with Heath before he moves, I'm probably going to cry.”
Do porn stars get turned on watching flicks they've starred in and is that narcissism or just a natural reaction to porn?
oh I see, with a capital P.
thanks - we always enjoy your questions, comments and RTs on #SommChat:) have a great
yeah I think I watch too much American television lol
thanks for the retweet!
Thanks! I'm anxious to begin work w/this D.C. client! : Looking forward to the announcement!
yes! I'm there til Sunday or Monday this time
Watching Howls Moving Castle with the girls-- a holiday tradition. Love Miyazaki!
thank you!
So that's a yes? Haha, ah! I'll look like a dork, but okay :P
Nailed it.
WHERE THE FACK ARE YOU
....you finally beat me, for ONCE...
..and my 8 yr old actually asks to play Scrabble! I aslo am beyond addicted to Rummikub (did I spell that right?) I crazed!
: that's the point, right? Is the glass half full of half empty?
As a Ravens fan I respectfully ask - what's your logic behind your predictions? You really think Harbs won't have his guys ready?
lol I know -.- maybe mr Howell will be so blinded by our awesomeness that he lets us leave
the scraping of those shovels may have been worst!
Confit Pork Baguette -- Pickled slaw/ toasted peanut/ mustard aioli
1:22 in the video. I see what y'all did there. She has the song "Not Your Cinderella". You guys are clever
drooling over that RED Scarlet camera i'm looking to rent for the field....
I love that hard core equality stuff anti-privilege anti-racism, just categorize and separate more from what I see.
$12 for $24 Worth of Custom Framing at Fine Posters and Prints in Madison. www.dealoria.com
I love it how Michael Douglas says "picture" instead of movie. Plus, best hair of the night!
Your welcome!!:)
awww, your making me blush. Oh, make sure your hydrated before workouts, it helps too!
lmaooo sadly i smell no bullshit
I would cept I just ate it all.
see ya later!
shotgun: check! ; )
": For Booking & Info "
Throw ya hands in the air if youz a true playaaaa loll
true story! :)
#thatawkwardmoment when alicia wolfe and sam nelms come into
I heard a rumor that a certain #chokers fan said he would be a #RAIDER fan if #chokers move to L.A.?
discipline your kids so others won't have to.
For teachers to be better teachers they must first become better Learners. Wise thinking via
we've already eaten. :)
I absolutely hate snakes ruined my entire nature run 🐍❌
ready to stay home
Kids are like spies this time of year. Your mission is to hide the presents.
": I guess ill just smoke and tweet tu I fall asleep #RealTalk"aww buddie u can call
I wanna do a track with Tego Calderon and Andre 3K , that shit would be crazy.
I'm shooting with John Fullbright tonight. I'm excited to capture the sounds of this elusive folkie.
bring some of that Vermont Heady Topper or don't show at all
I just watched it a few months ago! So good. So, so good.
Take it or Leave It, I Gotta Feed The Fish.
So confused don't where to go wanna see him but then I can't I have some where else to go fudge don't now what to do :(
Your craft will never be perfected when there's room for improvement, and there's ALWAYS room for improvement. Perfection is nonexistent.
oh I gotcha well you should hit me up this summer or something
well. It's whatever you wanna do! :)
That's incredible!! Enjoy, Brett!
It's change my life in that I get overwhelming support on my work and really inspiring messages from followers/readers
Thanks Diane! We had a great time and appreciate the your partnership!
Hopefully booing fans is enough to bring this defense to life.
On the way to the gym.... (with one eye open)
#April19thDareDayQuestion would you get your nipples pierced if someone paid you $100 to do so?
#sxsw Attending Brand as Patterns. The digital age requires a new look at how brands now must be interactive and dynamic.
My mom is getting an iPhone today. Now everyone in the fam has one. We are to cool.
Finally gonna get some rest :o
I love High School
Congratulations to Karen Russell for winning the NYPL's Young Lions Fiction Award, for "Swamplandia!."
Northbound can kiss my ass right now. Hello Beverly Glen!
Yeah, exactly.
that's something your character on #ShakeItUp would wear!! Lol (:
continuing education instructors needed, please go to www.coecontinuingeducation.com to apply
wow! I got really excited when I saw your name as a follower! What is your all time favorite song you recorded and y?
You guys should just post what cover is for the rest of the week so people quit asking
#FF #FollowFriday RT : Sometimes I just feel like giving Lindsay Lohan a real stern talking to.
Yes what a great day!! So much talent!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NICK!!! *<):0)
when will you text me? i want you to text me
will not succumb to this cold!
I'M GOING TO NICKI MINAJ'S PINK FRIDAY TOUR ON JULY 16 AT THE CHICAGO THEATER!!! :DD
PM is not well enough 2 start as head QB it was just 2 boost ticket sale and 4 the big agent paid off!!
Awesome! Thanks!
I cannot stand pot heads that brag about getting high. Glad I don't smoke.
It's always
And now, an experiment in going off the grid!
If only we could all drive Mario Karts around town!
Nora, if you keep clicking, through you get to the cake... it looks delicious!
Ahh the smell of new jeans
Couples who don't have a TV in the bedroom have 50 percent more sex than couples who watch the tube in bed.
": real nigga shit lmfao you slow" aha just slow for that second lmao
thank you both! means a lot!!!!
Community Mortgage has been serving Indiana home buyers for 29 years. FHA/VA/Conventional and USDA loans, 877-829-7161 Indiana lender
lol so wat Idc u just gon make fun of her anyways lol wait I think it's Sunday not Friday lol
Not online but we can do one next time we do a custom order. Which design were you looking to get?
So many service tickets...so little time.
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
Whenever I'm down, I just listen to Ari's songs or watch videos of her.. It brightens up my mood & makes me so happy. <3 Omg. I love her.
The kids eat free on Tuesdays!
OSHA Fines Company for Grain Dust Explosion That Killed 6 - In These Times
I think some ppl say "I'll call u back later" automatically at the end of every conversation. I always just assume they won't.
all dressed for this interview; now just killing time.
Waited on Fred Savage :)
For being as drunk as I was last night, I felt great this morning.
The Miz makes a great Jobber. Is he gone yet?!
“ #Leo's best bet for marriage: #Aquarius”
Two things put a strain on the heart... running up stairs and running down people.
Good game tonight your squad looked good
we feel so proud & blessed to have known you -- your contributions to our city have been nothing short of brilliant. RIP <3
I love sitting there with him <3
miss u already! Come back soon!!
Our Hero knows all the lyrics to the "Napa Know How" song...just like the rest of us.
Move in silence like a GIF.
#NF I didn't know she had a twitter, she was basically the soundtrack to my teens! #CrazyLuv4Her #inspiration ✌💚
What does music do for you?
apologies for my last tweet. I think CS Lewis said something about sarcasm being lowest form of humor.
so ready to get outta my house tomorrow. its gonna be awesome. this weekend at
You're in for DON'T DRINK IT FAST.
getting ready to go to the gym, what you doing ?
oh ok cool
locations and dates
it is still red, just cut straight bangs. They will have to grow on me. Looked better in my mind
i love how i can just bag a dudes number lmao 2 in one day =] yeahh the old christina is back =]
I was just listening to that song :x
most people are not doing enough link building
oh for a second I died.
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be at Barnes & Noble today from 10 - 2! 3701-A Ellison Drive NW
Obama is such a "Chow" hound!
Why is nobody doing ntn on a Friday night?
Psyched to see Etgar Keret and tonight. Those two make the perfect marriage. That's why the venue is where I got hitched.
No, I don't either.
boo. Going to head over to the AT&T center for a 2011 politics forum at 3:30. Having coffee on the back porch right now.
loll bed
Thanks for the RT!
Martin & jeter walk.
My miller-drinking ladyfriend favored the honey wheat. Good stuff indeed!
baby you light up my world like nobody else
Taking my movement to the next level
we don't manage node.js hosting, but you can integrate it from your own server.
lol I love that song too
I ate a salad and (huge) bread roll for dinner. Now feeling way overstuffed like I ate a whole pizza or something.
RT : Just past my English exam
When I wake up early I like to watch the today show because it reminds me of the good ole days getting ready for school and eating breakfast
My dumbass still hasnt learned from mistakes I've made .
Because you watched that live.
don't know how I'm going to be able to sleep tonight... way too #excited for the concert tomorrow! #longoverdue 😄😍💙💚💗😂👍📣🎧🎤🎸
Agreed! RT - Just hope #dpla won't have same effect on Main streets of America as has Walmart
I'm sexy and I know it
I wish I had the balls too cutt off my hair like haha I'm too scared tho -___-
Lee DeWyze was grossly overrated and over-pimped tonight. Casey and Crystal blew it out the box!
Taylor Swift.....
Come out 2nite -> at 8pm - $5 cover - Live music, Art, & "care-give share" table !
Handy isn't it?
thanks bro.
Try these wings today that my friend is so adamant about me getting. As much as I love hot wings that better be good or its his a**.
I'm now your down-the-street neighbor at 156 Second St. :) We're throwing a party Monday night at 6-9. Come by. Bigger than Vegas.
Happy birthday!!!
welcome to twitter! ATT uverse please!!!! do u know if u will be streamed like ESPN3? or maybe on ESPN3?
Get ready World!
get them to do it with you!
Cats why is it #monday make it end already
not just football which my personal blog is based on
they got cells/BunkBeds/Bars exactly like the holocaust there saying there will be a new genoside! Its trippy AF man
No Open ears tonight: TV show shooting in the club. Be back next week,
yes! Dying to shoot with u and for hair! Xoxo
Honesty. the most thing in the relationship you need.
wat is this?
lol I know! I was on my way to house haha :)
rereading last tweet and discovered it's a bad example of Kentucky grammar. Sorry!
#chulavista 2010 City Atty candidate Faigan should have done like Bob Castaneda & and just rented a CV place. Maybe next time
But for now..I will watch the mainstream beef..and be thankful I am not in this mess.
This pic is making an appearance in my post-conference presentation to my team, btw.
I AM NOW
“: I Love You, Man is on and Segal just said it." They better pay Madea royalties. Haha
ah well you know hahha
Are we human or are we dancer playing at good brews
Very true. You think Marcum trade was worth it? Short term and/or long term?
Fog in our western counties. Visibility near 2mi or less so not too bad yet.
#Giro Classic commentary by the guys from the Gazzetta, measuring caloric intake in plates of pasta, of course.
I'm Jill, temporary reference librarian at a community college.
Support Enact the Buffet Rule! Millionaries should have to pay their fair share of taxes Their tax breaks have not created jobs
“: #Aries have an ambitious streak. Sometimes one person just isn’t enough but two or three will work out just fine.”
Funny how Laker fans were flooding my TL the other day, now they're quiet as 💩! 😂😂😂😂
Father barred from seeing his premature twins cuz jayzs security cleared him out of waiting area. get over yourself jayz. Selfishness sucks
NEW SHOW! Scream It Like You Mean It Tour: Breathe Carolina, Chiodos, I See Stars, The Color Morale, Tek-One, The Air I Breathe. July 30!
Thank you!!
Audition done. Now u get to enjoy this beautiful day.
Thank you! Learning from the best! xoxo
Bronchitis may be the most effective and most expensive diet I've ever been on.
. everything tastes good with Burger King Mayo sauce, dum-dum.
1940- The first #Nylon stockings go on sale in the US.
Why yes I was born this way.
I rather eat broken glass than get a "Call Me", text message.
Thx! MT Dietrich's hypercities project on mapping location of new LA football stadium against 1930s bank lending maps fascinating
thanks! It's literally THE hardest thing I've ever done
OMG AHAHHHAHAHAHAHHAHAH IM DEAD JUSTIN I LOVE YOU OMG
right there with ya !
RT : I still want a Metta World Peace jersey | Do we have to rename it to Metta World Elbow??
Forming a Joyce Circle in Raleigh to read Ulysses beginning on Bloomsday. We'll meet at a pub certainly. ~Don
#BoiseSOC Bieter: The Simplot family has given the OK to move forward with Esther Simplot Park and will fund construction of the park.
For the second straight day, I managed to spill food on myself at lunch. You can't take me anywhere.
RT : To be able to disagree with someone & still Love them is the highest form of Loving.
thanks for the info! :)
Nothing like a Brad Pitt movie playing in the green room while I stuff my face full of chicken wings and fries.
Lark Vorhees will haunt my dreams. instead of Jason Vorhees *shudders*
Happy Monday! Wake up with the ! Enjoy the warmth today!
That's sweet of you. I have an outfit on order for Cami, but it's not here yet. :)
so fun but I'm ready to come home
Whats up for the weekend..oh yeah the ho down or whatever lol
why is a blonde like a doorknob? 'cause everyone get's a turn! cum take your turn with this blonde right now 4 a show you won't soon forget!
Bravo, Grayson! That's fantastic!!
Tip of the day: "Nothing good can happen if no one's working on it." Motivation can be hard to keep, but it's your key to
Doin my hair for this party tonight lol i find it funny how is getting her hair done too! Oh wait! TWIN MODE!!
So hungry. Waiting for my food to get here
ha if you bought a hat you can get a free shirt lol, shipping is more for the hat that's the only reason why.
One more audition to closeout the week! Then awaiting the arrival of the TX Hobbs for their spring break visit!
wished every guy learned from you
Our Temporary division is just as important as our Direct Hire division.
RT : Remeber that failure is an event, not a person. -- Zig Ziglar
RT “: Either I'm always hungry or I'm always bored..”// I'm the same way!
slumdog millionaire dad arrested for trying to sell his daughter... next up
Should our committment/passion drive us together without clock watching?
you are too cute love the suspenders (:
Home opener update: sounds like we'll be lucky if we get to 50. Sunny and breezy. Lots of tix left on Twins website. Many cheapys on stubhub
Chillin hard with . This dude is passed the fugg out
Fascinating RT : STS-1 & 2 had the External Tank painted white.STS-3 was the first to fly without that 800 pounds of white paint
Yes! I love Venice! Let's get rastafarian hair wraps and henna tattoos. :)
el oh el.
at the airport right now, NYC here we come baby!
Good day summer, hello new syllabi
Watching American Idol hope thier dream come true!!!!
Thanks for sharing Chris. It's important to note making a case that groups are better than pages.
is it possible to cry so much ya run out of tears ???
Should I go see Youth Lagoon tonight or not?
Where are you?
Agree FL has been good to EKU good to hear, Kidd brought me up from FL and I'm sure there are kids that would do well..
thank you, thank you very much.
Your amazing , your gonna do it, and your heart is gonna grow x 3257806! Love you
Natalie - "my shirt looks manly because I like manly things. I like to play with tonka trucks."
says she reached out to #Mormons in #Arizona when working to recall Russell Pearce after
Thank you for giving us the opportunity to possibly send to the Super Bowl to promote the stock market of sports.
"Ways to defend Jeremy Lin"
A Theme of Their Own #drupalfilms "There's no crying in Drupal"
Great question at the EdCom board mtng: first came collect & preserve, then present & interpret, what's next? ENGAGE!
There are so many trolls on #TheVoice :P
I totally am a boobylicious waitress on #GCB! I better have that job back ;) come back GCB!!!
If u do u can get hurt bad trust me and it will kill u just wait till u get the right one follow my plz Austin <3
If u like me u should maybe ask me out!
At least the #Lions aren't paying Calvin Johnson
okay girls♥
Taylor! You need to get on this Twitter thing more often!
All jokes aside, Denver played extremely tough. I knew it was going to be brutal but not this tough. I had Lakers in 6.
On the freeway back home c:
Finally sorting through my birthday stuff. What sort of memo do you write on a frog memo pad? "I say, DO remember to croak"?
Im live on U-Stream t.v. radio
Our gift card winners are LAURA LEWIS and LAUREN NIEHOFF. Congratulations!
I cannot honestly say that there is a food I hate intensely with the notable exception of mayonnaise.
Next High Brour: The Thunder Round returns!
awesome! You taking it?
uhm i think my twitter was hacked i definitely didn't win $762 today.
Big day tomorrow, I'm really looking forward to startig at !
Is rimming the new 69?
Ah... "Event Ahead"... That explains it...
your welcome(: <3
Nirvana Spa Package - $38. - With this deal, you can pamper yourself with their 90-minute aromatherapy massage and salt glow. They...
so long have a good summer you will be missed
I told myself to stop but I keep messing up
are you being sarcastic? I cant even tell.
Netflix is the greatest thing ever created
#SheWontTakeYouSeriouslyIf You use wack ass pick up lines.
Just clicked 2009 on my FB timeline and reread an old status. Apparently I was one of those people who have internet arguments!
anyone else LOVE maroon 5's new song: pay phone?
which question?
<3 i guess other ICONiacs fight , not me lol hear that Madison ? (:
When was the last time 3 teams from the same town on the same night all took home the win?
My dad got everyone's lsl card, but mine.
you're on the list! Thanks for the support fam.
he could do me
Change in education not about iPad apps, but engaging the kids - Kalimah Priforce, Qeyno Labs
Skyway Accident Involves Police Car
The negative thoughts get to me
One thing I am learing on my Christian journey, God must be trusted even when he can't be tracked!
Clearly you're invited to WarRoom. Would love to see your full mock draft. RT i would tell them to draft me personal masseuse
Ah, that explains why no one was home when I called earlier. Hope it stays routine today.
Today's schedule: STL (study, tan, laundry)
not a hard game if you're looking at us today.
oh i was like... "tf? is she saying her mom thinks we're gonna throw wet noodles at her again?"
New RIM CEO is from Germany.
Soon we will be removing the current songs & posting our studio recorded songs. Last chance to download current songs. TY for enjoying them!
people are fucking shady.
You know, if is the 500lb. gorilla, then I'm Godzilla ..... I hope Dennis doesn't hear this.
mixing 's upcoming Christmas single...just wait till you hear this one!
They are having a woot-off right now. Its horrible for the wallet. New wine comes up about every hour
Merry never quite succeeds in throwing off his Mancunian accent, just as Pippin is pure Glaswegian
That is funny! Thanks for the lift!
already damn, what happened
I would constantly live in a world of darkness
Join us The Tavern for the Nuggets game! Go Nuggets Beat LA!
I just noticed totally recycled her verse from "fuck u silly" & put it in "whip it"
-word on the street is is making #49 again this year- Look 4 it! :-) thanks for the support btw! Stop back soon!
Rosemarie is back . NO
s/o to my other new follower :)
What goes into an effort rubric? Is any content or skill measured?
Tryn to find sum to get in to
love u to
All of Hinder's newest songs sound the same..
i dont like to use pronunciation just because I know it pisses you off hope all is well with the new job buddy have fun meow
- Detroit! Who is coming to visit us today?!
Would you like to start your jail sentence on April 20th? Umm no I have "Joint" committee thing soo I cant!.
enjoy the campus visit back at alma mater
lol i kid you not, cant make that up
Had a fab meeting w/ & today! I think will be producing lots of fun this year.
will you come to Hong Kong?Hong Kong selenators will wait for you!!!
Relax, I just wanted to sound gangster for a second lmfaooo
sup lil bro! Wow wut a gr8 pic of u n moms! Can u email me tht?
Make the girl 16 and you've got a story.
Hoping I don't get into an argument this time with the parking attendant at school about what a "loading zone" is.
I'm not funny . I'm just mean and people think I'm joking .
Time to break away from Twitter to work on #poem and post revisions
“We are all worms, But I do believe that I am a glow worm."
RT : Just realized I had dinner @ the place where Harvey Dent capped that dirty cop in The Dark Knight. The ribs were delicious.
skirt steak with braided asparagus, potatoes and an unreal aged tomato reduction...but everything was out of this world!
I think.
Happy Birthday to Andy Hardie! To the man with all the common sense in the world and who taught me to whistle to every song ever made!
BREAKFAST TIME!!!!!!!! Yes I know its 2pm. #LoveIt!
Aghh I keep forgetting to hit save on garageband.
That is too funny!!
my physical therapist may not be plotting to kill me, but she definitely knows how to put me in pain. meow
It was just a good night tonight:)
This is funny...
Directionators: "They're sweet, nice, cute guys." Directioners: "They're 5 homosexual sex gods, who are idiots & weird."
I'm here now!
You are? RT : Are you down? Im down.
Victoria's Secret smells like a nest of strippers.
<---This guy is beyond fascinating. Has the entire #HIMC group captivated.
I honestly don't know where to start so much foolery was said its mind blowing
Both! ": what's the difference b/w #ISNgen and #ISconf? Which tag should I follow?"
Someone take me to buy makeup
good morning sexci :)
I Can't Take This Shit Nomo Man Fareal.!!!!!
In this tug of war, you'll always win
Thank you Mary Lou Lyden of Keller Wiiliams. Another Section 184 Native American home loan successfully closed with a 541 credit score.
know what's even better than late night pizza? Cold pizza for BREAKFAST!
It is time for a new movement. Occupy
get me one too.
HOP is a sweet #family movie for all if us.
It's not loading at all matey
#Ravens take S Christian Thompson, South Carolina State
lmmfao too funny
madison likes the word beautiful.
omg atleast your getting paid
missing #Midnite-spending the night in grant deadline hell, while watching Ip Man yet again (so many times that my Cantonese is strong, son)
you didn't miss anything :(
(B4INDIY), thanks for following us on Twitter!
gym closed tomorrow, felt good gettin shoulders and back in today.
u shoullda seen ur face before...bright red lmao
Giving out CDs of my new hip-hop and house mix 2nyt @ RELIC...
Nah! Call it like I see it!
Wanna play black magic?
Not really
So happy for good friends :)
me too! hey, have you heard of ? I'd love to interview you for their #cascadingconversations tour.
Wait, where you say you been, who you been with, where you say your going, who you going with.
Thanks for following us, look forward to your news and updates!
Wanna know a secret? Somebody out there can't stop thinking about you. You are beautiful. Don't ever believe differently. :)
all i want is well i dnt kno ugh wtf going o with me
- Hahaha. Yeah, especially since you're used to a time zone that's later than ours. Hahaha.
ill give you one, can u have a shutout please<3
things are pretty open except for Sunday. When are you arriving??
wish there were more opportunities 2 examine plays this way w/o burden of yes/no. Niche btw academix+journ
Sometimes it's shameful to think I have a fitness blog.
You LOOK fabulous and you ARE seriously PUNK ROCK funny!! thanks for keeping us ALL smiling!
Why are people so fckn disgusting? Taking your shoes & socks off, then removing the lint from between your toes? IT'S THE FCKN LIBRARY! UGH.
I snuck into the Staples Center and put a pocket pack under every seat. :P
any day lol except this Sunday and upcoming Monday :)
OMG i want it to be tomorrow 9:00pm already ughh
#LOVE RT : Hip Hop is too restrictive
If YOU are interested in helping bring First Night and make it Happen, we would love to hear from you! - www.firstnightaustin.org
and Khadijah explore the concept of family in By Any Other Name.
Going to Madrid and Barcelona. Any suggestions on where to stay, what to do?
Tweetin' my first #blackfriday experience. So THIS is what hell feels like.
Does tambourine count? cc
“A great leader's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position.”
might have to go to the dentist this week to get x-rays of my jaw to see if my wisdom teeth are in or not wish me luck(: <3
Thank you for RT! FL - Awake the State 3/8/11 rallies - Stop Gov. Scott's devastating budget cuts!!
Hearing the soundtrack of Aquatica play for the first time tonight. The place is complete. San Antonio, be prepared for wow!
Shout out to cotton eye joe
Here comes the Barajas walk off.
i wanna get back 2 the old days when the phone would ring and i knew it was you.
I wanna go home now.
Check out our new cake menu @ Firehook Bakery - it's awesome!!
Does the star Sacha Baron Cohen?
Probably not, sadly. I am a broke man.
Driving through Baltimore. Where's Omar?
Aw, thanks for the ff inclusion, feels good :)
My little helper.
Starting Drink Deep and having faith in - Now for some Merit-time in Chicagoland.
lol well she must know football just not how to spam :)
Hi John! How art thou?
Hopefully we'll be talking soon about the local foods project! Excited for what's to come!
The water was pushing the door up I couldnt hold it as strong as I am I reached to what felt like the roof Balled my fist up started to bam
"Don't worry about avoiding temptation...as you grow older, it will avoid you."
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Disaster by ! That song gets me every time.
"Cabin in the Woods" was so fun! I highly recommend it to any horror movie fans or anyone who was addicted to "Buffy The Vampire Slayer"
Make, Bake and Win! J Street Bakery Bread & Cake Recipe Contest! Read it at www.southfloridaalerts.com (Lake Worth, FL)
Happy #FollowFriday back at you!
Great workout today!
thanks so much for the follow!
Click LIKE if you hate typing. Let me do the tedious work for you so you can spend more time growing your business!
No keys?? What do you put on your key chain? Maybe they'll just give you a taco instead. :)
that's what I said so I grabbed some kush rolled that bad boy up now I aint hungry at all *just got geeked*
Great! How about coming by tomorrow? We'll help you get your weekend started!
fake account
