"direct, punchy and to-the-point"
Watching Extreme Couponing on TLC. These people save so much money!!
Tomorrow is our last day on Padre. Driving up to Austin, seeing friends, maybe hitting the caverns. House better be clean when we arrive ;)
“: Perfect girls are found at every corner of the earth... unfortunately, the earth is round.”
So happy to be headed back to NY after my two week vacation to NJ. we will drink no doubt?
Follow these great UK organizations
Thx. Though I don't think web apps are relevant to the article. Apps != web apps. Spidering entire store not plausible.
on iPhone, survey hangs halfway at are you a member (no)
I will follow anybody that follows hurry ima check ina few,! Go go go, 
Words don't mean a thing if you've got nothing to show her !
great film it is
Will be taking my 12 year old son to Lexington Sports Card tomorrow to see his favorite player
Alien takeover nightmare=early AM & mjr heebie jeebies. If I look @ u funny, I'm just assessing ur human authenticity. Major heebie jeebies!
Everyday's a challenge
You belong with me <3
And well to compensate you we will talk about very strong hunky men!
SInce January when I moved downtown. She is absolutely wonderful, with the exception of her horrible taste in movies.
shout out
Creator God, Thank you for the Sabbath, given to the whole world, a bond to unite us from every nation,
Police have reopened the Natalie Wood accidental drowning case? Wow. I had such a crush on her back in the day.
Just wanna chill and watch movies but not happening...
yeaah im good. Just need to see you soon...have to talkk omg.
ah, never mind! I know who he is.
a joke is not nearly as good when stuttered
The daughter, Persephone, ate pomegranate seeds while in Hades and therefore had to spend half of the year in the Underworld.
Let's try not to be so judgmental. It's not like I said "Random human" when you walked by.
Global Ireland Football Tournament match-up: Father Judge (PA) vs. Notre Dame Prep (AZ) on August 31st. #HSFB via
Awesome, I got ready to just be stood up.
RIP iphone 3G, you almost made it to July... Off to the Apple store!
Can never go wrong with Bob either
my windows started to shake. lol
that's awesome! :D
sorry everyone I hardly ever check on my space anymore fb me!
Filming with tonight!!
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. -Jimmy Dean
I like Roland Martin, but LAWD! Is there anything he can wear that doesn't make him look so unfortunate? Li'l Darth with that hoodie on.
I love you.
Neville from is a great opening speaker!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Placing the blame or judgment on someone else leaves you powerless to change your experience." ~Byron Katie
more power given to hidden pervs and deviants or r more pervs and deviants exposed by twitter?
If u're a$$ kiss'n someone 2 have their company, u OBVIOUSLY don't have the slightest CLUE of UR GOD given BEAUTY!! U r WAY
It's Friday! Who's got plans for the weekend? Work week is almost done!
Compliance makes you sweat through the purpose of non-fiction vs. fiction.
We there!!!! Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!!
Gotta have a chick thats able defend herself >Who you gone have when you cant smack a female. lol
I appreciate it, but I'm loyal to for my design. When I have some more $, then it's web design time. :)
to bring in their cultural values in the writing class. ex: discussing general vang pao in a text about heroes. what about you?
yikes. squeaked by on that one! 1100 hard won words.
Motherfucker ty lawson, not a good sign
#imNOTTheperson who can hate anyone so much
Just realised it was like 7 people from school who un followed me. shows how loved I am ;)
#thingsthatpissmeoff PPL who think that the Zionist run US foreign policy is Pro-democracy. Libyans luv Qadafi! www.youtube.com/user/pipard
We watch it too sometimes...I just found it so funny how urgently she wanted to hang up so she didn't miss it!
Infected. Secrets.
Uecker's next partner is Welcome to Wisconsin!
#GoTribe Tribe win + Heat loss = Nothing, I still have to go work! lol
Soulja Boy single-handedly ruined hip hop for the rest of us
so disappoint!
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 7
you guys are funny omfg ily y'all
food envy! Not talking to you right now (stomach growling)! :-)
If you went back, I would. But I doubt they would even take us back.
Yesterday,I was dreamweaver, But now I'm reborn,I was the walrus,But now I'm John,...And so dear friends,You just have to carry on....
what tweet?
I just creeped your tweets cause 1- miss yaz 2- I would totes love jammin t.swift with yaz. Peace n blessinz
PRADA SPRING/SUMMER 2012 WOMEN'S ADVERTISING CAMPAIGN
Now we want to hear which female celebrity you think is the best groomed? Why?
Don't think, cuz it happened once it'll happen again. Get out there and register to vote! #2012 ur opinion counts
just dug a splinter out of my hand with my other hand. bleeding, but satisfied.
5/10 - LCE Senior Medicare Patrol presents to seniors at Delta Towers Senior Building NE on Medicare Fraud, waste & abuse; identity theft.
>paying attention all along when you haven't. Greenberg flat-out had no idea what he was talking about most of yesterday.
#zimmerman #georgezimmerman was disrespectful by addressing The Martin Family !! He DID CONFRONT #trayvonmartin when he GOT OUT OF HIS CAR.
Thanks buddy!! Steak dinner, #derby #Beers are in progress now.
Yay! See you Friday!
Positive attitude is way more fun!
I'm so excited that and birthday's are coming up!!!! :)
So you think Pats and 49ers are going to win then...
honestly if i could make a wish it would be to meet you! can you follow me plz?<3
Coming back from a long day!
By all means, put a bow on that piece of shit and trot it around
i need some to eat!!!
Too bad it had to end :(
RT : Just met with of hackerspace Thanks for stopping by. I'll try to hit up a Thursday night open hack!
Why are people surprised my lil bro and I were born on the same date??
power. everyone wants power and love
Apparently Hillis hasn't solved the fumbling problems yet
At the Esco Dem Club meeting. #changethrulocal politics.
I am convinced people within 100 yds of Tony Walker Plaza have no regard for other drivers
ha! I will be your miscellaneous percussion section. :)
So is visiting "her favorite guy in the world" in NY right now an is in NY right now..Something they aint sayin?
Loving this weather and I wonder what temperature is acceptable to put a towel down and lay out?
The place you are in needs you today. - Katherine Logan
I need a Take 5
Sure you can! I will send you a DM.
Follow our girl check out her film Wandeflusy featureing Jen Aniston and Paul Rudd
We're starting to kill the kegs in an hour......all our great craft draft beers are $3 until they are gone.....you coming?
its gonna take me a minute..i live in philly..ctfu
that was mad funny Brian tried to play stewie soft by not paying him at first lol
Awesome! A proper tasting. Very informative. : Wine 101 with very popular. #tmtdu2012”
You are most welcome.
just got my.video interrupted was trying to prepare for.my blog twitter people trying to give you knowledge
... No such thing.
Thanks for the RT!
Thank you for the inspiration.
I actually want to learn HTML code...Instead of just looking up how to do certain things with it on the Internet.
You guys are hilarious. Funny stuff.
when are you coming to Texas??????
Shot caller
dude those athletes get all the ass they can handle, payment enough.
hey girl :) still waiting on pics of your 60's revival interior.. Loved your picks on
Right near where I used to live!
"I do think that the media something appears in does make a difference. "
Cal.officials refuse to sign proposed settlement with biggest mortgage lenders over deceptive foreclosure practices-saying it's inadequate
interesting and agreed. I'd take a great teacher with a poor unit plan over an ineffective teacher with a fancy unit plan anyday
Did you all see my Heat go down to the Knicks last night:-(
Yeah!!! :D Calvin told me I can!!! M their food looks so good!! Fresh & Fancy!! M m m!!!
did u enjoy the sliming! Congrats on the win can't believe u came with all the wrking thanks4being there u made me smile
no power to t stat?
Chromeo pandora station rocks my world
Great to be back in the classroom. 2nd night of Leadership & Communication. Students presenting storytelling assignments.
Help us get more followers? :)
Where should I do with myself
QFT. Youth, be advised: RT if you wouldn't post it on a billboard, don't post it on the internet.
how are you feeling?
I Haven't Tweeted You In A While,Not That You Even Notice Me lol..but I Jut Want to say Hey & Love You! Follow back please?
Enjoyed movie night!! 😊
I preferred Maroon 5 doing the BB. Does that mean I'm going to go to music Hell?
Bad haircut->bad mood->bad day. Hoping a trip to the gym and a bottle of wine...or 2 helps to turn this frown upside down.
Thanks for the follow , and !
I could talk to y o u for hours. <3
Substitute knowledge with the word ignorance.
the trailblazers are weak, they need to bring back th jailblazers and get sheed, bonzi wells, and z. bo
Anyone spot new #PurpleLogos?
the verizon paradox: do i accept the world's worst customer service for the best network service?
Can anyone confirm if the Villains #Vinylmation series is available at the Disney Store at the Florida Mall in Orlando yet?
Play nice Rangers! Game 7s r always good 4 the fans, said the Devil!
Good morning! Hope everyone's week is off to a great start. I'm kind of feeling like I'm starting off weak. Where's my Ning Xia Red...
I get her wetter than a Ocean....
congrats on the Post mention! you are big time now :)
haha! It's b/c last year there was a school trip to go to DUBLIN even though it's not MULLINGAR but still...sigh I wish I went.
On a normal weekend or weekday Patrick Wellington is in his Manhattan well after 12 midnight. These are normal work hours for
what keeps going?
Just sent you an email. If you want to follow up on the phone, just let me know!
any truth to #KIDS2 rumor?
makes so much more sense.
ELIZABETH WARREN discovers with shock that, in a peculiar way, she's related to BALD EAGLES, & MOUSETITS.
let's go to the dance show!!
I've been okay thankyou, I'm a little ill though :( haha, how are you?
m feeelin' god :)
your picture doesn't look like you is it recent
We going in tomorrow bro!!!!
The Cardiff KOOK is following me! hollaa
lol I know! I'm laughing so hard right now!
Hey what's good man....It looks like I know you from some where??
"Nothing says love like a hamburger"??
Dysfunctional organizations lack leadership, standards, accountability, discipline, training, and planning and review.
Now. The Culture of Homelessness, with Bethany. At TUMC 4001 Speedway.
feel like I'm being annoying.
UGH. Why can't I live with my mom... </3
How does that even correlate though? lol
blah - running late, still at work. Hope we'll make it by 7:30!
The cirque du soleil featurette sounded cooler than it ended up being. snooze
Bright lights, big city.
URL not working and would love to see this post. 3 things Law Firm etc. Thanks.
Good for you! I attended church at 5th & Bedpost today. And I wasn't wearing underwear either!
Ha!! My sista
Love the enthusiasm and excitement in the room. Everyone is ready to participate and jump right in! #tedxusc 2012
We'll love you not matter what, unless you go to Brown. RT : Nervous. Early admission Yale interview tomorrow.
whatever happened to Terrance in Sierra Madre?
facebook is on its death bed closer to death
Is there ice cream on your planet?
Football might have lost, but Soccer is going to rock New Mexico on Sunday! #GoBulls #PackCorbett #IBelieveThatWeWillWin 5000!
its so awesome! Dont worry i catch myself quoting everything lately haha. My mind is crazy, but whatever :D
its all good big bucks no wammys
I don't understand the concern of subtweeting. Do people really think 'Oh, this person HAS to be tweeting about me'?
Phew. Someone's listening!
Happy Friday, everyone!
that's awesome to hear!! Good news all around. We haven't done as much fishing as I would like but im sure well get there
kobe def did work today... like i said he would
yes try and go next year :')
plus gon show errybody his new dance too...we need to cheer up guys
Congratulations!!!!!! I'm so happy for you! What did Tom have to say with his crazy ass?!
We're looking for the lead role in a music video. Need an Actress/Dancer to star - Paid gig 4/22-4/25. send us a lead!
I live with butterflies that only calm in the middle of a task or conversation. #Leadership is being present.
#aDayintheKnife an in depth look into the kitchen's of moto and iNG. Launching today.
Sodom & Gomorrah were real Jesus referred to those cities Revelation says another destruction greater than that is coming stop mocking God
Watching talk about The Cove & project Merlin The way PBS stations distribute their programming nationally.
Elected #Toastmasters Club 151 sergeant-at-arms.
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use
I love talking too you to (;
“: Regan and George W Bush put the United States in more debt than all the other presidents combined.” thanks assholes
I live that show!
Looking forward to panel discussion with and biz today! Social Media Roadmap to Profit!
#ItsCrazyHow some people just don't give a shit about other peoples feelings. like how can you be so heartless? smh. I don't get people.
I don't know how to be someone you miss
Hit the lights!! Come alive, let the moment take you!! :-)
y does she look so familiar i know you from somewhere
Power Trust Alarm...bought the book will work on it!
Best game of the tourney.
like you need him...you freakin have AP and Moreno.
Not on their own. But turns conversation to "here's what you achieved, based on what's showing in the system." And managers 1/2
Haha that's kinda creepy. Maybe he's into you ;)
I don't vote too much bullshiters, why bother...
Wow, I think you & i have/had the same 8-track tape collection! Does Vicki Carr still exist now that 8-track tapes are dead?
It's lunchtime, I'm hungry
We've decided to call all our band girl fans "Sparkies" and the guys fans "Sparkers". -The FireWorks Experience
her name is Nia, and she's at a place called Cheeky Vintage on Richmond. She's AMAZING. Tell her Iris sent you :)
Thanks for the follow back and the "like" on fb!! You rock!! =]
that's what I'm doing today! Yaaaay! Can't wait 🏊☀😁
You could, lol.
Don't forget to follow They are doing good work for the pups that need homes. Save a life!
Thank you!
You guy's do not get it. I do not and will not worship your political God's. One is enough for me.Obama, Romney I see no difference.
Rainy Monday, Amos Lee's 'Mission Bell', and carrot sticks. Happy camper.
Follow me lol
Here @ Piano's on the LES watching 'Down by Riverside'. They're back in NYC in Feb
Looks like I'm not gonna get an iPhone anytime soon...😔 ohh well...
that sounds too good but unfortunately I'm not spending any more money lol
“: just heard a shocking news about an old friend, who passed away this morning in a car accident. rest in peace, inoki safiro :'(”
yo I had you this morning bro, I had FRANKENBERRY'S!
a good day is when you disappear for 3 hours to take an exam and reappear to discover 5 chock-full-of-exciting-ideas messages in your inbox.
Board meeting today @ 3pm
Omri Casspi just made the softest basketball play in history.
can we meet after work one day this week?
Once again ganna stay up till 1 am on a school night!!! Who hoooooooooo!!!! Only 6 hours of sleep!!!!
Go Celtics and Packers
thank u. Lol
my cries. AND WE WILL GO, OK. NO ANDS IFS OR BUTS. I really need to finish hw omg.
Just helping out a fellow player by RT'n what the editor had written in hopes that they'd RT too for an even larger net
Watching in Bad Teacher. OMG LOL! Invelope ;) and a rockin scooter
im greatt!! - smiles- i missed everyone, but im back
This is the worst breakup ever felt -StacyBarthe even tho u don't show love I still love in the in between. I'm glad I purchase
That ackward time of night when no one famous is tweeting.....
not wanting to wear shorts because your legs are see-through.
I so wanna just BLAST #SaySomethin on my school intercom! Probably will get suspened, but its worth it, haha. If only <3 ;)
Another great program from MoMS, humanities council partners, and local museums! Three cheers for collaboration!
You can't ever gain respect until you show respect first. Your first act of communication is to show respect to whomever you are talking to.
Alas, no-- this tour is mostly Midwest-- D.C., Milwaukee, Dayton, St. Louis, and Denver!
Rosey come bk soon, but need'm in Aug RT No surgery recommended for De La Rosa. Best-case scenario is that he's back in 4-6 wks.
SOO amazing right?? kinda like a live music video. Killed it.
Back home from my vacation in St Louis - worked on some new things - mainly played with one of the cutest babies ever.
Colorado has a red crust and blue center for the most part. The #civilunions bill will pass when the Dems get control again
We are attracted to the scent of people gentically different from us to avoid incest
Tweet it n delete it ;)
me too! They do great tatts and their prices are the best.
Fuck it , thug life :D
Millimeters can be frustrating.
Fog/Mist and 50 F at New York City, Central Park, NY Winds are Southeast at 5.8 MPH (5 KT). The pressure is 1021.8
okay(: yay. We need to make plans to hang out!
Can anybody hear me? I guess I'm hurting to myself...
Or just lead turn?
When them doors go up all u see is the hustle
not sure who had a better week, myself or conan.
Check this out. Write your entire app in pure JavaScript.
I Hate When Bitches HATE.
Hi sir! Good busy as always:) how r u?": how have u been its been a minutes since we chatted!"
do u remember a man named popa from yo hood back in the day he passed a long time ago though?? Hit me back
New server added: vpn-ca1 - new dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Toronto, Ontario Canada It's available in your customer area now.
Ha, 2 possible boards. I considered supporting any n^2xn^2 board (w/ n^2^2 cells), but decided not to bother just yet.
Follow back; I deleted you by accident and then put you back! Sorry!
follow back please? With a #cherryontop ??
Big run by Hawks but they will keep shooting jump shots. Series still ends tonight.
Aaanannnnd he just mentioned social media.
I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life shackles me....
The homie got that work on that Y'all Sleep mixtape. Just banged it all ova Westbank New Orleans. It's the truth.
Perrish Cox deliberations will go into Friday. Not terribly surprised. Will be tough call for jury.
No measure of time with you will ever be long enough, but we'll start with forever. <3
Those our great suggestions, Bill! We'll add them to our iPod's "Law Songs" playlist.
Work is man's most natural form of relaxation. -Dagobert D. Runes
SFO > MEXICO bitches.
Tre made me sounds stupid...I must correct my error.
Just did an estimate of pages printed this month & feel certain I've done in several forests w printing of novel & story collection drafts.
I just did. dangg.! they brought it!! # werrkinit #fierce wahhh. I miss it! ):
REALLY? Now? At this time.
hm YEAH
Chilling speech
LOVE IT! RT : I'd love to be involved!!! Segway tours of the hood with !!!
Happy Thanksgiving! I am grateful for good friends, family, health, an awesome home, reliable transportation, food in the cupboards & love.
Omg just rip my heart out, Doctor Who. <\3
!!!!! You KNOW NOT the joy this pun gives me! A joyful squee escaped my mouth #SQUEEOUTLOUD #hungergamesfoodpuns!
I swear I hate class its so boring but hey gotta handle business
Thanks for following. Very interested in your work. Blessings...cb
No Instagram handle. Just my own:
Did Pete Campbell just say he was "ripped off?"
Today was Douchebaggery Day. I would have appreciated a spoiler alert.
probably because it's bias felt most strongly and least considered by readers/viewers.
you're funny sis! Twitting to your shelf.
I keep thinking bout how my life is gonna change in a matter of days! :-)
#UKISS_AMAZING puts a smile on my face <3
Love me some Immortal Technique his music is the truth my favorite #SpeakYourMind! Follow me and I will follow u rite back
RT : Dear , I miss you guys. Please tour soon. Thanks. Love, me.
Boo! I've had a Cuisinart food processor for about 10 years. I use it regularly and have never had a problem.
i miss you
“: IT'S THE MINI CODY DOLLS WE KNOW WE KNOW” I WAS SAYING THAT!!
Actually, this was in NYC! Yes, I arranged my schedule so I could go to that audition, so I was pretty mad, as you can imagine.
#nervousmom - don't forget your kid is a Bully - they don't steal 3 points, they just Take it! But they say thanks after
I do had a bowl game in excelsior springs
#andypoll Oh, that's neat.... So I guess you like to read alot...
i wish i wish i wish i wish a bitch would *Gasp*
Porkchops red beans and rice and broccoli and cheese ....yummy in my tummy ... Now if only I had someone to share the rest of the night with
Today was a productive day. Created a logo for a different company. Talk about very satisfied customers ;-)
lol, is that a virtual car??
YES, HE CAN! BRAG all he wants on NATIONAL SECURITY ISSUES. YA-YA-YA, EL PRESIDENTE! DO YOUR THANG! MITT brags on his money. NLD Mom/ca.surv
pretty cool to see a woman playing the drums!
Yes!!!!! He everyone orchestra kickstarter is completely funded!!! Over half raised in less than 4 days so awesome!!!!! Can't wait to hear!!
running on 3 hours of sleep and having an excellent day. so glad i stayed out last night.
I would be upset too if I weren't a Philly fan :D sorry!!!
and this is why you always have been and always will be my bestest friend ever...:) I love you <3
i get paid for reading shit off a page, i aint gotta wait till friday cuz every day i be straight
We hope everyone is enjoying the first week of April. Summer is right around the corner!!
First mother's day without my aunt :(..I remember last year just sitting & holding her hand knowing it was her last. miss her <3
haha. Just saw this.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your boyfriend is still logged in on facebook on your computer
I got so many compliments on my hair tonight. :-))
Omg i had such an amazing time at my sweet16! I love all my friends&family!<3
i miss you, reading your tweets just makes me want to drive to see you
#badgers #orange . It's raining 3ssssss
long day of driving...glad to be out of the car now! great road trip!
true....sad
Big turnout for The Intersection to talk about city schools on a Friday night, including
oh emm gee, stop.
#century21 spot made by Philly ad agency
Can't wait! We'll be in Dallas next Thurs/Fri! Any suggestions on what to see/do?
I still get pissed thinking about the Lost ending.
okay. here it is! youtube the song Call Me Maybe by carly rae jepsen. turn it up really loud. call yusuf and let it play :)
Everyone needs to buy a yearbook before school ends for the year!!!!!
Stoked to learn my team is hosting a crit in 46th ward (my home), thanks in big part to the help of new alderman
Say what?! You know who knows who shot somebody?!?!
Our first official Tweet! Please follow us and stay up to date on specials, events, blog entries etc. We'd love to follow you as well!
To be a follower of Jesus is to be learning from Jesus how to do your job as Jesus himself would do it: Willard, The Divine Conspiracy
Syria, China, Vietnam, and Iran have all banned Facebook.
Waking up ina middle of the night <<<<<
Nursing pinning ceremony happening right now in Linehan. Woots heard throughout GAC!
thanks for the #Favorite and #Retweet. That too cool of you and I appreciate it.
Yelp won't let me add our library cafe because it rejects our "LMU Drive" street address as "too many capital letters." Judgy, judgy!
« The awkward moment when you wake up from a 5 minute nap and have no idea what day, month or year it is.»
Significant sense of anticipation. Wonder what's afoot. Not going to press it - just going to stay tuned (or attuned) ... 6th sense or 7th?
This summer I plan to be darker than my friends 😁😁😁😁😁 ☀☀☀☀
Excellent! I look forward to reading it.
- We're real! Don't block us! We're just getting our Twitter game moving.
Yeapp .! i TLKED TOO HIM LIKE 2 WEEKS AGO
RT theonetruebix Service isn't "down" now, , It appears to have been converted into a dial-up modem!!
back to black
It was great to toast #mkeday with at ! The place looks amazing!
No tickets required! Just mark the date and time and join us :)
Seductive Society has joined Twitter... Stay tuned...
The Commish happy to see his homie.
That Awkward Moment when it`s all silent and someone says "awkward"
At least my makeup look good!! Nothing can rain on this parade!!!
Don't rain on my lovefest, Nicholson!
Happy birthday to ! And many, many more!
Are you talking about spamming the #asexuality tag? I keep on trying to report that account to Twitter.
RT 's NJ Learns we are studying "Mental Models" - the way people experience society. AND, shifting to more sustaina
so glad I saw you!
Why would anyone be a proud supporter of the "99%"?
Explain? I like it.
Ok I am home from SDCC. What a wild ride. Tomorrow at 10:00 PM EST I will put the exclusive SDCC OSM on the site; www.theouterspacemen.com
If Greg Brown didn't have such a "shticky" pitch type delivery with his words I'd take him more seriously.Still a classic baseball voice tho
Do you have some great domains to sell? Email me and I'll tell you how Moniker can help.
How are you? I haven't seen a tweet of yours in a while. Hope you're doing well.
Sixers done snuck in the playoffs.
i wouldnt be one to answer that. I don't do anything with it at that job
Prepping for Monday's class on official and unofficial whitening policies in 19th & 20th cent Latin America
You mean like the end of his first playoff series against the Jazz?
Video games are truly weapons of mass distraction!
there are no zealots like the converts! Or converts like the zealots. Or summin.
delayed condolences for your family's loss. Been in a fog lately and didn't get to say it earlier.
RT MadiSimon12 People who use others for their money <<<<
You are a terrific NFL insider. Thanks for reporting on an unbelievable March.
Looking for pals who twitter online. I'm also checking the 140-character count to determine the maximum message length.
watch out for cold sores, Clay...just saying.
"I think a Pink Flamingo turd just landed on my plate.." - #GordonRamsey on #CafeHon's 'Much Better Than Moms' Meatloaf
It could be like a lemonade stand. Instead of selling lemonade in tiny cups I could sell crack and broken dreams.
In April, a whopping 16.4% of #workers under age 25 were #unemployed, compare to the overall rate of 8.1%:
Next on the , brings the best baseball insight on all the top stories around the big leagues.
Worth a read, if only for the shock value. She lauds surveillance software for allowing her to interrupt student writers +
Avoid trips to the corner store. Or the gas station! These are some of the most expensive stores.
Slick shit! Where do I get your music???? I wanna play this shit when i'm driving lol!
I get an hour break today just so I can watch Doctor Who with everyone.
i love "I knew as soon as I'd left that you'd go and fuck someone else you WHOOORE!"
i wanna dip dye my hair :3
catching up on this week's #Scandal. #KerryWashington ROCKS!
Amazing song. RT ": Premeditated Murder - J. Cole"
it's not! and whomever said that it was, is not exactly a very spiritual or open person...
Had an amazing night.. Love him
Spurs will do everything Memphis couldn't do
I'm at the doctor and there's no power.
#Nowplaying "Pumped Up Kicks"
listening again to the music of up madz!
#nowfollowing how you doin, welcome to my world
Press conference to announce results for Project 25.
Surely we can find something less lossy than hashtags for humor markup!
i prefer an ice cold Hawaiian punch..
you tried Fuel City Tacos or Tacos Y Mas yet? I like tacos.
Album Review: The Cribs | When The Gramophone Rings
#ObamaForgot to legalize it
Squirrel Trap tonight at PushPush. I'm there
feel free to slip out early if you need to
YOU GOT THE BEST OF ME! WHOAA OHH CANT YA SEE??!!! YOU GOT THE BEST OF ME!!! OH CAN'T YA SEE ??!! YOU'RE BRINGIN ON THE HEARTBREEAAAKK
How they gone say we fell off and they never climeb up (silly muthafuckaz)!!!!!!???????
love you #howardstern on #AGT !! Been a fan since '86 - you won over the naysayers!! Can't wait to see you again tonite!
Geez, RD, importance is a narcissistic illusion. MT : Reassuring 2 c that as big & important as NYC is there's still shitty art shows.
Note to self - in the future do not attend beer tasting festivals on an empty stomach.
Hello Rob
No girlfriend should EVER feel like she's in competition with another hoe PERIOD!
Yes, the countdown for summer has begun!
MITT ROMNEY has no CHARACTER so why not pick up more CAPITAL. DAVID YOST it is TIME to TEAR THE RIM OFF YOUR DRAWERS. NLD Mom/ca. survivor
2 weeks! No idea how to get to NJ. Hahaha
We've got ppl on after every playoff game for postgame! I'll send you the link next time. Plenty of GOOD to talk about right now!
It's boot weather, girls! And boys, too, obviously. Cause we know you love them.
Damn Theres Some Real LesbiHonest Shit Going Down Right Now
that one :)
Abram : mind-mapping topics - to speak the language of your library patrons (i.e. students)
i really need to go buy some cigarettes . asap .
glad you feel better :)
Hot tubbing imminent!
TechTalk: Carnegie Mellon's Gregory Ganger testifies in DC that cloud computing could improve federal information technology functions
tn limited ticket
How Did I get so lucky to have met such a great girl and have her in my life I love you
gonna try it right now. Thanks.
#ILoveItWhen people like remember the little people even when they get big<3 even though he never notices me ):
Hi I love you <3
merp!): how long is a semester again?
yes some people are .. Like you.
I love you too girl! And I will
It seems that call screeners basically decide how good radio talk shows are going to be.
I need some chicken nuggets right now and I wanna watch The other guys!
RT “Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.” ~ Mahatma Gandhi
Laughing so hard no noise comes out, so you just sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
I agree. Your show is the one I try to watch the most. I learn a lot , and you have some great guests. Fantastic work!
"It's like eating glass"
Nope.. I havent. At least not yet.
Remember the basics in life say please and thank you it goes a long way in building interpersonal relationships
Lol I was just told,"Don't drink the redbull, go eat the rice I made."
alrighty time to come back
Agreed RT : TOTALLY depends on the object your digitizing and other factors..
We Pray.
Ha. You are so funny. I love the Happy "Today" no need to try to figure out what day it is! :-)
thanks again for the follow
remember this boy + yes he is kidrauhl and will #kidrauhl forever
Definition of fail: burning political signs so nobody sees them only to get more negative media coverage on radio/tv
hold on tight! I'll end the night with handstands. I'm still practicing.
OF COURSE!(: IM OVER HERE HYPERVENALTING! WAS SHIRTLESS!(:
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Alkeisha Island in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
I said nothing about war or racism, and based on your statements, I imagine you know less about Dr. King's ideals than you think.
what about rio Rancho, nm are we fixed.
Flight just got cancelled. We're in WI until Wed. Enjoy your snow Baltimore, but it's keeping 2 really awesome people away.
you should get an apology from that was uncalled for
#TweetersOfTheDay: Follow & Mention --> , , & In Your Tweets! THANK YOU! :-)
hey girl what happened to my follow?
Hi bro)
Are u talking about what u've done or what ur going to do? R ur words & actions matching?
i dont even know what to say to these tweets about this tv show anymore
The LCPS Board meeting has ended. Great job, but we are not done yet!! Almost 400 petition signatures for FLES.
Just ordered package lets do this!
Please follow my friend - you will be glad you did!
Just like most of the things glamorized in "Atlas Shrugged", train travel can actually be pretty lame.
the problem with my contributed article is there is no call to action - i gotta rethink
What??? Of course Obama is not stupid!!! He is the smartest person to ever grace this great Earth that we live on!!!
reject is ok, as long as there is constructive feedback :)
Starting now the next three days are going to be hell, never thought i'd say this but can I just skip the weekend?!
There's some weird looking people on the 240 man
Everybody gets one chance to do something great. Most people never take the chance, either because they're too scared or because they...
Our Special Today: Prime Rib !
funny I'm reading several quotes from Steven Jobs today..of course he's in the news alot now
wat time u gotta wake up? I will be up early so let a playa know if u need a wake up call.
I love Hennessy
I miss your face!!! When do we get to see you? I need your boy updates. Lord knows I've missed some?
Taking public transit is not fun when it's cold.
Hm...something must of been in the air! Prayed4 U 2 have Phil4:13 Day too! ;)
Is it just me or is this Floyd Manny fight overblown. Neither in their prime, early mid30s, hasn't MP won a few sketchy decisions recently
Yay for ball. The guys at Sing Sing love it.
"Some Nights" release day!
it's my pleasure!!!!great 2012!!!!
Woah, yer tellin' me I just played for 110,000 people in less than 48 hrs? We can safely say that the people of Massachusetts areawesome
With the Raven Team & at Citizens Bank Park. Go #Phillies! Show them how we do!
Beez in a trap beez beez in a trap
"Strong Middle Class" includes all in the 9th. We'll work on creating good paying jobs & making economic opportunities a reality! - JDG
Adorable! The atty I worked for in undergrad used to bring her 2 youngest to the office with her. Best work distraction :)
gahh im almost practically a senior. holy shit.
Bahaha! RT: Some dinosaur ghosts are fucking outside my window. Or there's a storm... no one knows for sure.
cleaning the house up so I can go for a swim before fam reunion!!!
That was so fun! xx
Go millz you doing your thing man and do it (in big sean voice) send me some cds or sumthing lol:-)
“: happy nurse's week! #shoutout” RT Thanks sexy.
Thanks!! i was meaning to watch this!
Ray Allen broke out the VI's tonight..
#orlandonightlife anything. Let's try this
Keep the fucking ball down!
I miss you beautiful chick!! (: you sound awesome in the new video! Love you!! <3
hahah well thank you.
My stock broker has made me aware of a fantastic investment opportunity: selling them short.
“: Still loving my Power Capri. Another great 7 mile run in them today. #runchat” Yay!!!
are you in jail?
I'll message you.
My other phone was running Android 2.4, not sure what it was called... this is MUCH more smooth & intuitive.
One should never know too precisely whom one has married.
"...seems like a minute. That's relativity."
Thanks for certifying my license to ill. RIP MCA.
Your something else..!!!
Seated front & center for "The Blue Flower" at Second Stage Theatre
aww that sounds awesome! I bet it was a great crowd! Glinda seems like such a fun role..I love love "Popular" such a fun song!
me too. We will get there someday.
I'm going to take a very long nap then wake up to hang out with
I just went with my wonderful wife to a Dodge dealer to look at a Caravan!
Slo Mo tourney is taking place but no one sent me a sched. So I'm chillin.
My minds going half crazy cuz i cnt leave you alone- Musiq soulchild going in right now <3
playing w/Pinterest. Made a board & added you to it. Now it shows on your page. Didn't know it did that. Ok, or no? I can fix.
#FAINTS what day is it so I can take off work for it today!
- We're offering $20 off acupuncture treatment for the first 3 of your followers to respond!
How will CISPA (Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act) affect you?This forces all ISP to disclose-even if their terms say they won't
Hey, have you noticed the new red button on our web page? Have you seen what happens when you click on it? Give it a try!
cool. Let's do it here. How's the weather? Any thoughts about Dupin?
Interviewing the great, Paul Shortino tomorrow for Tales from the Stage. Can't wait!
you do that a lot. Haha
#whatayear can't wait til #NYE, going to see if I can get a deal on some drinks!
baby, I LOVE YOU!!!
When I get angry, boy does my house get clean and straightened. I'd say this is a positive outlet for this energy. What do you do?
Thanks. I'm going to miss the Barclay Super Bowl party circa 1992 this weekend!
“: Heard the rumors! Can't wait for Easter service tomorrow So excited!”
Omg OKC swept Dallas...Mavs suck!
#thatminiheartattackwhen you mae eye contact with someone while blanking out then right at that moment you are back to reality *blushing*
Whats the opposite to writers block because I have loads of that right now.
Requests? Eminem?
If he can keep his head straight, LAL could be tough to beat. I think Perkins could get in his head in Rd. 2 though.
Penny and Bernadette invite Amy to her first slumber party on tonight's Big Bang Theory at 6:30! Watch with us!
Really enjoyed being part of #BRP2M event tonight. Thanks for moderating , and thanks for inviting me !
Just saw an ad on Facebook for Team Epilepsy. Obviously I haven't been keeping up with Twilight.
jus finish watching teenwolf 2 hours ago.....im still wonderin is jackson is the allpha
Just walking around being accompanied by the crisp air as you take a look at the fall plumage.
It was all true! I left your session energized!
RT : you're ugly and you can't sit with us bye
I said NO!!!! tHATS Y U GOT NO FOLLOWERS
My birthday is May 2nd also
Already midterm week here at #Loyola. Looking forward to hours of grading fun.
I got ran over by a golf cart nd messed up my shoes!
I lurk all the speakers regularly and need full blown sessions to glean more:)
Met the son of Portland's first Vespa shop owner. Old skool scooterists remember when Mario owned it. His dad brought Mario over from Italy.
Adam Dunn can't field a ball and the announcers don't mention it. Nice miss Dunn. Tivo the bottom of the 5th if you missed it.
Giving yourself a comb over right when you get out of the shower >>
Early night tonight.. I hope I'm not getting sick feeling a little under the weather:-S
Which restaurant did you order from? RT “: Bout to try this deliver me food raves about. Its sushi time!!”
Nasopharyngeal carcinoma.(PATHOLOGY CLINIC): An article from: Ear, Nose and Throat Journal
I think I remember something about that, wasn't that a straight to DVD thing? Either way, I bought about a thousand copies.
you need to change you password on twitter bud. You're sending out spam mail..
I wish you did too! Thanks for helping spread the word!
Waiting to pee
Thanks for recommending Molina's!
AOL looks amazing! My project is about individual identity in #DC Consider recording on your cell one part of your weekly routine!
I just text her and she never replyed
Hopefully it doesn't include money -.-
Results are in from GiveBIG! Over $16,000 raised to help support the arts in Puget Sound! Thank you to all our donors and !
": Your that! Thanks You rock. That is all."
I'm selling niggas arrogance and I got it going at a bargain
Yeah I figured its good to set some goals! Hope u are gonna have a good summer too!
What's the name of/link to your company?
Talked to some merchants. Small town central #Indiana thinks #Superbowl benefits were intercepted by downtown
Wtf, I don't even wanna watch this anymore
i hate papers
I'm just wore out now from all the 31!
Thanks for the follow!
hello klaus!fr. Philippines here,,and we would love to hear a word from you pls..TVD rocks here!
"Read the damn play!"
oh man, thank god.
Happy mothers day
My boys come before a lot..so if you can't vibe wit em you can't vibe wit me
Watching my cats fight for space in front of the fire
love you :)
wats good I'm at ya spot?
ohh no :/ do you want me to type up the study guid??
It sucks how a tweaked muscle in ur lower back can totally hurt every little move :-/
Man in audience: We already have two parallel school systems -- charters and district -- bec of trust.
Diggin' the weather today! Not to hot, not to cold. Just right :)
me and pilar send all of our prayers and love out to all of the loved ones' lives that were lost in Haiti and hope things get better there.
I agree!!!! That's awesome!!
Haha yeah I'm not on itunes just yet. When I have the EP release show, I'll hope to find someway for digital distribution :)
i like the initiative, but maybe i should do the writing lpg. or should i say lpg"!!!!!!"
Damn I been listening to daily #NP #FKI - cooln
I haven't heard from in a while.
aha , ill cook you pupusas one of these days <3 what's aguachiles ?
We just voted for you Good luck. We vote everyday! You rock. Take that popup away from your website. To hard to enter.
can u follow She's a sweet Angel. Please and thank you.
Who comes out at night? Lol
Happy Birthday to !!!!
Check out A Cross to Bear on my page
U know it!!! Awesome Friday night. Get at me if u wanna get down
Is being bribed with a Great Dane (all dog food and vet bills included)
Keelz_4Realz i prolly spelled this wrong. But i wanted to say Hi! A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
., who uncovered Detroit City Hall abuses for , weighs in on firing of saying he was "wrongfully terminated."
Right ": That awkward moment when you realize your text hasn't been answered...in DAYS!"
says you
Don't Red Sox fans realize Josh Beckett is actually their BF? Video games, golf, beer, and fried chicken. Minus golf, those are my interests
I'm using Sparrow on my phone for Gmail now. Wish they'd hurry up with an iPad app!
Discussing the recent changes in Personal Injury law on AM 580 WDBO. Give us a call at 1800-329-5858.
Happy Canada Day to my many Canadian friends!
roxy would you like to work together
We had a synergistic meeting with the Keller Williams Leadership and the Southwest Section PGA last night to drive the Partnership forward.
:') You're the best.
Had more new followers than usual recently, I think I followed everyone back, besides the porn or spam. So, hey everyone & thanks!
I hope your finger is okay spazzy <3
Anyone else think that looks a little like Peyton Manning? Cute!
Nice meeting you last week. Now, I'm following you here :)
"I am not here to improve my social standing by "keeping up with the Jones's" - I want to be better than that!" ~ Peter Baylis
Was gonna take a pic of us together but my big headed lil cousin ruined it -_-
thanks 4 follow
No solo</3
#KSsynapse Zoghbi announces launch of (she's senior academic editor along with Eve Marder & Catherine Dulac.) Site live today.
8 minutes on hold. Ok finally!
Born Sandy Devotional must be Australia's greatest contribution to the world.
This head ache is so undeserving and so relentless
It took the radio 38 years and the television only 13 years to reach 50 million people, but the internet reached 50 million users in only...
Of course RT : Can I get out of work 4 hours early?
Y'all just don't understand how ready I am for Christmas! #ItsTheMostWonderfulTimeOfTheYear 🎄🎅🎁🙏
wats up slimthugga love your music
With the semester's close, now is the time to update the Center. Adding computing power for students using Final Cut Pro.
Uh girl where were you today? Hm BUNDA! (:
I am SO happy I just spent my whole Saturday thinking about work. Thanks #uxcampdc!
loving vaca in TN! taking home a sweet little stray kitten!
aw, c'mon back. It's not so bad if you wear slip-on shoes, go bareheaded & barehanded, and like the proximity of others :)
Love being back in SoCal but feeling nostalgic for NYC
Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song and I'll try not to sing out of key...
Also I'm dying down from this too, but just from time to time to bring it up for the hell of it it's not like I'm 100% assholic
Im a new self published author my book is no where to be found on Goodreads what do I have to do to add it?
Just watched this week's Real Housewives of NJ. That was awesome. Theresa = Bad. Melissa = Good. Together = Great Craptastic-TV.
This cat done pulled a 8 mile choke job on 106!!!!!!
Is it me or is #FranCamp sort of like an unofficial fan club? Just say his name and everybody lights up. :)
Thank you so much, Kathy. Please RT it and encourage others to as well. God just would not let me go until I wrote it.
ITS MY BEST FRIENDS FUCKIN BIRTHDAY! HAPPY BIRTHSAY BEST FRIEND! :) <3
Oh, very cool app! (and design ;) Thanks! Props to
I hear ya. Im fuckin wit ya. U spittin from ya heart & I can hear it.G-shit. U say u wanna collab so what u got in mind lil mama?
Still not sure what you're doing this Saturday? #SpeakingOfFebruary4th, think about it!
not like anyone is listening, but I do generally (and this is not meant to be a factual statement ...
can you make my dream come true by following me.
stop starting stupid shit ... u are not harley ....
We don't think so! RT : Is it wrong that I got all super stoked when I saw that is now following me?
If there is anybody interested in speaking at the next Dec. 9th breakfast, please me or send me a DM.
Thank you as well,,, let your friends know about us please!
Im with my sister! xD
Hahaha he sings for Electric 6, who I love, love, love.
I thank the great city of Newark for making me a leader! I'm a alumni of Weequahic, Grambling State Univ and Johns Hopkins Univ!
Wow woman
can't wait for Fiona apple's cd release in june....well itunes...you are my friend.
I would so love to do this work from a boat in the middle of the southern seas... ...wake up Pete! Work awaits...
thank you
I love love love to TREAT myself to nice things! So stacking paper is something I don't mind doing!
I bet I he killed one of your family members you wouldnt be yellin Free boosie
Maybe you feel like "a muscular baby in a demonic playpen" (as heard on ninja warrior).
#FridayReads Slogging thru TAIL OF THE TIP-OFF by Rita Mae Brown for next week's mystery book group. Not at all my thing.
We're 21! Why are you all getting married????
Nigga u 2 short for me !
i just can't wait to meet justin omfg.
Pretty sure I just felt another earthquake?
ok(: and that's why I took them off at prom.
Fill in the blank: All you need is _________.
my pack loud, my gat loud, i back out & click clack !  pow pow ! 
so wonderful to see + at #thewwclub this evening!!
That would be awesome! i would go with you! that would be so fun!
Shout out to the #Denver peeps at
hope it doesn't take much time or energy
Yes! RT maybe he's saying that it's lame that he died? Just sayin'!
A lovely weekend, all. Happy Mother's Day to all my momtweeps - especially Panda Pearl's own !
In April 1683, Staats' will approved by Robert Livingston. will entered 1684, died about 93 years old.
Riots in LA??? No way...NEVER!! LOL
Having a 512 whiskey aged double pecan porter w/ Holy moly its an amazing beer.
i <3 haters
Leaves are gone from the trees; plastic bags are showing up again. Call us and we'll grab them from trees in Midtown District: 410 528 1512
#ward5se Have you voted yet? Its a great day to do so. Let's move forward, together. Vote
Well, gotta go, hopefully we survive the night. Have a good one Alisha
Not gonna lie... any time I get drunk.... I wanna shout out to the #TranceFamily!!
I need one of those.
Aww... Well of course I'm gonna follow a lil hottie like you. Thanks for the follow back.
only draft picks
Fill in the Blank: I could really do with some __________________.
You must follow back so that I can DM back.
Most of these are consumer boxes with not enough RAM. Only about 25% still worked. These need to be recycled. Sigh.
Great show 2nite!
Glad is releasing 'Wide Awake' as her last single. It's probably my favorite of the 8(!) that's she's released in 2 yrs
can someone explain to me WHY people use auto responders? They are completely impersonal - I unfollow people when i get them.
not gonna happen
Is it Braun and Rodgers related?
not you!!!
to see if he could rattle them a bit. Rads could come back and really prove his point Monday. I think they win Mon but lose Wed
Hey listen, it'll be nice just to see your frikikikiki chest with or without the gold, even though the gold chains R a nice touch
I wanna be on ABDC someday it's look fun to be there. Lol need to wake up :)
Thanks for sharing your notes!
...and so it begins
School should be illegal
I'll be there on Thursday! RT : Show of hands: Who's going to tomorrow night's game to welcome the #Orioles back into town?
Their will be a #giveaway please stay tune and tell your friends to like this page and on twitter
Hope its a nice day tomorrow because I plan to enjoy this book and cd signing at the Nubian bookstore in southlake mall. 5pm. C u there
Crazy late this morning. Thank you, underground.
I'm sorry, but twinkies are disgusting.
We're happy to have you on board!!
I am not awake enough to laugh at 6 am.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Disney Movies.
My cousin just texted me about how amazing is in Houston right now. Incredibly jealous. Maybe I'll watch her Coachella set again.
beautiful eyes there mrs independent:) i love it! have a good day!
well isn't that nice
Celebrate Valentine's day at Maxi's Bistro in Beautiful Little Italy!
(Cudahy) Teen hit by vehicle in 3400 block of E Grange.
needs to figure out some activities!
said "just pee in a cup" me: "I can't pee in front of people!" : "even if it's a Jam band?"
Writting some new material for mondays session at jalopy productions. Woot woot!
20 seconds of insane courage
what the non-fiction writing set was up to this afternoon: me and eating burritos at Cacao. Can't wait until they get beer...
2day is goin by so slow....
publishers have to be funny or analytical - some take that's different & value added - ppl want instant reaction
Navy has me in San Antonio at the ass crack of dawn
Should a Democrat, or a Republican, or an Independent, or an ET become our next U.S. President?
sean avery playing his best game of the season tonight.
Counting down the minutes until the Florida/Tennessee game... Go Gators!!
The 'London Whale.' Does that make Jamie Dimon Ahab?
Thanks to the Dean's Internship program, I spent the spring semester interning for
Smh I know you seen that? O__o just gonna dismiss me like it's nun lol
With Fruits Rouge? RT : Peeling rhubarb for consomme for one of the last cocktails for the menu.
I hate when I have a song lyric stuck in my head, but I dont know what song. I just sing the whole thing like an idiot sometimes.
WHO IS THERE
Small minded people just BUG me. Ugh!
It's our turn for the AC to stop working.
put that loveliness on Facebook por favor ;)
Most wont admit it but a Follow Back means a lot. Plus It's the fastest way to create a smile without much effort "wink"
no I was over it anyway!
we still need canning instructions! Plus if we made it that far we'd come further for good Mexican food :)
not to worry .... we've got complete control of the situature.
what a weirdo
My fav session this week: today's Collegeology with , , and
This weekend was great. I don't want to go to school this week!
Great! RT : Heading through JFK T5 today and tomorrow? We hope you enjoy some Irish entertainment with our friends from Aer Lingus
Just add water...it may grow..however, if it's dead when you bed it...it's dead...sorry...a bit more poetic code from the rockstarBITCH
What if when you clicked "Expand" it replaced short words in a tweet with much longer words.
A comprehensive range of configurations and accessories can be utilised to meet specific requirements.
my funny valentine RT : Before there was Kem, there was Kyle Barker
school books that it
Real gym rats/workers r like assasins...always moving in silence. No need to broadcast the work being done...it's revealed on game day.
Why would you say someone's mom is ugly though?? That's rude
Thanks Ben!
Girls don't like boys, Girls like cars & money.
219 row 9 seats 7 and 8 :-) next to the scary guy with crazy hair.
Proverbs 25:28 He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down, and without walls.
So glad I took the day off...sleeping in my own bed felt so great. *deep sigh*
I swear Barack's been hacking away at his other Twitter account ALL DAY! What the hell is he working on? Doesn't he have a prompter to read?
I'm going to miss my daughter when I go back to work,but glad to get back before I start talking baby talk to my clients.
“For God and country — Geronimo, Geronimo, Geronimo. Geronimo EKIA”. - Unanimous Navy SEAL. In and out in 42 minutes flat. Job well done.
I want to fly Perth.... if my work allow though :\ e.
is watching TO's new show...this should be interesting...can't be worse than the surprise of Bruno!!!
swagg... so you new to twitter huh lol
Awesome! Thanks for sharing and please tell Jordan hello!
Omg you're an amazing singer!
Let go & it will be yours forever.
Thank you so much :)
I bet Aladdin's Eatery does.
more like the dawn of awareness of a universal brain we are creating.
"Lost" is an affront to narrative. If you watch it, seriously stop before Salinger's ghost comes to rape you in your sleep.
Made ch. cacciatore in the crockpot, ran the vacuum on the floors and up the walls, washed a couple loads of afghans, etc.
only three lamb chops left! better get in here....
If Fed Ex and UPS were to merge would they call it Fed Up?
Looking forward to it! cc
Will apps go away in the future? What will replace them?
What Skillshare class would you like to see most in Philadelphia?
I must attract police all the time or something always getting pulled over for something
Thank you! We will see how it works.
Love these conversations I'm having lately haha.
At 3:15 today tune in to Max 94.1 in Baton Rouge as the Men's Basketball team at BRCC will be on air with
thanks for coming!
My girl BEYONCE!
It's nice to turn off your phone for a few hours.
One how left in the 2010 MDA Telethon - help us reach our goal. Will update the tote board soon...
~~Stage Freight Strategies Part 1~~ 1.Be extremely well prepared. 2.Join a Toastmasters club for extra practice.
is wisely breaking down just what #RomneyEconomics means - fat profits for the money men, loss of jobs for everyone else
Reading Annie le Brun reminds me my favorite philosopher remains Marquis de Sade
It's warm out there! New record high for St. Patty's Day in Columbus!
so been there done that :-)
I'm on fire and now I think I'm ready to bust a move.
Our thoughts go out to all affected by Hurricane
october 2nd. YEAH YEAH
• Did they ever say how Juan Perez was injured? Seems an odd injury.
Tim Tebow converts, baptizes and gives communion to Third Downs.
": Alex Castellanos gets the "Condescending Prick of the Day" award. #MTP I would've kicked him in the balls. #maddow"
I guess that would make that person CSHigh...
My check fuel cap warning is on. I hope I don't get trapped under a gas truck and explode. I'll take the risk. Thanks Lloyd Christmas
In between the moments of The lady I've become A voice beats through the noise like drums
can't wait to see u tonight. :)
Destruction of corporate team-building would take a group of at least nine. This makes it pointless
How is everyone?(: -Kayleigh
Thanks to and for the best Bday presents!
HURTING PENSIONS: is under investigation for practices that hurt pensions. Learn more:
sososo pumped! I got my outfit ready today lol
I hane mde it official. I am giving up driving a Chrysler for #Lent this year. this is gonna be a tough one.
I will never return to Yield bar. I suggest you do the same.
Good new shows...coming your way pronto.
of UFC promoters and stuff but thinking about doing TUF because of all the different talent and would be a big challenge and wou
stupid holidays.
Hey chick who drove your motorized wheelchair over foot? Fuck you die in a fire
yo when people talk during a movie i wanna punch them in the face
RT Victpria Stodden quotes: a scientific article is simply an ADVERTISEMENT for the science.
I paid $5 and I'm excited about watching dd, but no iPhone or iPad support? Fail!
Everyone make sure and head to tomorrow for their one year anniversary and updated menu! They're amazing.
King Oliver's nickname came from his favorite movie, "Oliver!"
The Rams keep stockpiling picks. Considering who they are actually selecting, I think not picking is the best strategy.
Awesome! You are very welcome :D
well, we know it isnt Mcdreamy- he signed on for 2 more years!
I thought of him immediately as I was watching!! #Lakers on the brain 24/7.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 75
Uh oh. Four weeks of school left and I think I've wrecked my circadian rhythms.
Get your TAN ON! *Specials Today* Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE! Buy 5 Instant Tans for $75 or 10 for $125! Huge LOTION and MEMBERSHIP sales!
I nice armillary? That would be cool.
he just moved a week ago.From what he tells me he likes it so far, but the shame he hasn't check out the gay scene
AH I wanna be back in NY so bad. Only one month til I'm back though. When's NP let out?
“: Bob Uecker on why his statue took so long, "It was financial, I didn't have enough for the down payment." #Brewers” haha!
thanks for the follow JT
Poker with my boys =)
awesome! :) Have you signed up yet?
sparky fears mikewickett. I think you guys should have a show down.
Elevate is so different from their 1st album, but it's a good different. i just love their songs <3
thanks for following.
Wonderful! RT : had an alumnae initiation last night! We welcomed two new alumnae members!
Sky9 over the ice rescue at 51st & Chambers. Both kids out- firefighters packing up.. ice is really, really thin on lake at the park.
My favorite miracle worker is birth control.
Wow I went over tweet 54500 and didn't even notice
She wants to touch woo-o
In my opinion, Kendrick Lamar is too dope & exclusive to be on the radio.
A nuetron walks into a bar and asks "how much for a drink?" The bar tender replies "for you no charge!" BAZINGA! -Sheldon
Did someone die at Ben Davis again?
The only people you need in your life are those that need you in theirs. <3
"Mac-Gray, intelligent Laundry systems" that was on a van at McDonald's......
We were there few months ago. Kids loved it! RT : This event at looks wonderful! Anyone been there before?
Diversity Rising: Census Shows Mormons, Nondenominational Churches, Muslims ... - Huffington Post
Fire up the grill... the temp outside has hit 66 degrees in Mpls.
I don't think you'll ever know about how much you mean to me.....
Im not stayin in the house 2nite I gotta do somethin even if its all by myself
There's this chick, her name is Shes my inspiration, role model, & my smile. Xo.
Weeds are flowers, too, once you get to know them. - A.A. Milne
He is stopping the way they have scored in the past 2 ots. Must have reviewed it!!
Oh dearest yoga how I have missed you! Awesome, sweaty class with Deborah at !
what will it take for Thomas schaf to get sacked from werder? Appreciate what he has done but would like new direction
Does anyone know of an #architect or #designer who can help us think through floor plans for the #library?
dear my sinuses: I hate you. stop hurting me
So stressed lately....i need some odds to be in my favor. C'mon now!
So much shit has pop off the weeknd of my Born Date, It Just feels Like Another Weeknd. LMAO. But Happy Azz Hell to Make it another year!!!!
happy day to all!
Yooo! Big ups to and for favoriting a couple of my tweets last week. I'm all honored and whatnot.
Yes everyone has the right to their own opinion but I have the right to tell you how stupid your opinion really is
This day better go by quick ):
I knew it was way to good to be true !!!
Its #castleween today :D
just wrote a check to hold my place at dissertation bootcamp
yo you got that! i sent that thru
Me:D
idt we do
Yeah, me too. Just wish it waited past 6:30am to start.
I listened to your Mothers day service this morning. It spoke right to my heart.
is looking scary
Jersey tomorrow for Andrea's baby shower :) Betting it's going to be a Timmy, not a Gwyneth :)
good luck tonight(:
the white death!!!
all I have to say is KEEP TRYING! never give up. (:
Really liking the new linked in for iPad app. Learning valuable lessons about content reuse.
great work with Caine's Arcade! It's an inspirational for promoting creativity , innovation & the entrepreneurial spirit. nice film!
SNOW today! I'm so happy. And now it's back to my workshop to photograph the pendant I just completed!
“: tonight: at the grand opening of (formerly the Olde Auburn Ale House) $10, doors at 9, OIT at 11”
You see the storm clouds coming in? I smell rain:)
oh I just meant I'm not sure what the Spanish speakers are referring to when they use it.If u search the# you'll see it come up
Good morning. Coffee and a Quote: "Realize that your future lies in your own hands. Practice self-reliance." -Paul Robeson
Baking on a Sunday 🎂
Been sittin in these stupid workshops all day!...I'm ready to mingle lol
yoire fired. I have another manager now
anytime you wanna come over :) lol.
I'm Tristan's BFF for lyfe
That's one of the best things about it--reaching people you thought you'd never reach, simply giving kudos or sharing.
Busy weekend keepin' on going first thing in the AM with a Wedding Trial!!
RT : One challenge to DML education...mixed age classrooms. The solution? Match competencies!
Q for the panelists: if data viz is getting more complicated, what skills do people need in order to read a viz well?
Our dogs should have a play date!
Thank YOU! We couldn't have done it without your support! :D
Its all starting to come together
I heard Justin Bieber's Boyfriend in my car again. Next time that song comes on, I am going to drive my car into a wall.
ha! that's my neighborhood. i live two blocks from there. but i'm over at Soho Coffee and Tea @ 22nd and P
Working hard for something we don't care about is called stress; working hard for something we love is called passion. -- Simon Sinek
Anything which seems wonderful or beautiful is to that person his guide to the spiritual.--S.H. Sharpe
Follow our ed policy think tank friends
Sometimes I fucking hate you. but its all good brother. What time is the game tonight?
pass it here
Retweet, tweet back, but no following back? Whats is this? Hahaha
UTLA testimony: if school districts follow their own policies and the law, school safety would be strengthened.
Aw...thanks Chris!!
#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote “Houston, we've had a problem.” – John Swigert – Apollo 13
Lets get drinking from 7pm to 10 pm. All u can drink for $15 ..#mkehappyhour at your service..
Romney worked in Private Equity for 20+ years and most of these guys operate borderline ethical. Press need go through all the Romney deals
#JUSTIN BIEBER ♥
If ur a reall man u wouldn't say u love me through a dm! You'd show ur love in front of everyone!
My daughter is dancing to the new album in her baby seat. I don't blame her. It's that good.
Jack White is seriously one of the greatest musicians of this generation.
My colleague from is working on story on Michael Walter,can you help him get vid?
Lol! I'm more of a facebooker!
Attentive personal service is part of a good restaurant experience...may as well order from home in this case.
way late on this ! Nice seeing u too!
Haha, didn't you win it last year?
all are welcome, just an event hosted by my mother and my wife in honor of women's history month.
There is not any importance in humanity. It's all a egoistical mask full of deception.
Yes it does.
Only do what God tells you too as most people will do all they can to tell you what they think is right
that's right high standards is always good
looking for pro and ammy mma fighters to fill card in Ohio in November and December and ammy in California in January
just so you know, my wife and I love you for that tweet.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 47
#Maybe you could get your jag on at Monday's later
you had me till you said lesbian stripping blonde midget loves pedophiliac dancer on wednesday nights on 83rd cause youre ghetto ;)
If I was not so pretty in my eyes
oh ok :) that is just SO sweet!! you just can't imagine how much!!!!! <3333333333
USGS says: 6.0 Mw - OFF COAST OF OREGON .oO that isn't enough to cause a tsunami, is it?
black or white iPhone? you decide
Wow, such great and enjoyable pictures! You're a stunner, that is for sure!
Gonna lay out today before work :) need to soak up some sun.
Just dyed my hair,its reddish-brown now and smells horrible.another weird dream last night correction really weird
It's getting dark and I'm too lazy to get up to turn on the light. Send help.
everybody ._. Dude omfg mikey from the iconic boyz just tweeted me happy birthday ^_<3
Some TV shows arn't quite bad enough. So while they air, they put graphics bottom of the screen to promo upcoming crappy movies. Makes sense
Remember that one time we got white girl wasted and sang every single word to RHI and then the music stopped and life was awkward?
Talk about lake effect! It's 80 degrees in Madison, WI, and 47 degrees in Milwaukee.
Why did the Walking Dead go from 28 Days Later to Little House on the Prairie?
Welcome to Monday, Indy! A big thanks to our newest followers:
"I don't wanna be afraid, I wanna wake up feeling beautiful today."
Who the fuck names their kid Channing Tatum. Really? REALLY?
how is everything
lol *waves from baggage claim* my bag was the first out! Things are looking up
Finishing Alejandro Jodorowsky's El Topo--brilliant film; this man can do no wrong.
we on top looking down with Binoc's, Hot Damn, I love Hip-Hop
Heavenly homemade veggie pizza. There. Should be pictures... but there aren't
Starving college student? Show us your student ID prior to ordering & we'll give you 10% off your entire order! Pls. RT!
Adams: In the VAs eyes, there's no such thing as the war in the Afghanistan or the war in Iraq
May 20th Show wit Waka, May 25th Show/videoshoot performance wit Alley Boy & Trouble, July 6th Show wit Plies! WE WORKIN!
Knox county is represented well on 40 west today
Boy i swear ppl hate to see u doin way better then them..bitch put In work lol
So tired of some peoples incompetence.
y take the effort to send the card back if u are not going to sign it. My kid is seriously disappointed, u were his hero.
I just sent you an email bro
I won first place in the swimsuit competition! A special thank you to my friends who came out and supported me!! :)
Aggregation model - gather material freely available instead of using a textbook.
Black Bear Conflicts Down In N. Idaho- Idaho wildlife officials say complaints about black bear behavior in the northern part of the...
Building your own empire takes the focused teamwork of like-minded people. You can accomplish anything with the right people on your side.
Tonight's Special: Grilled Prawn Skewers w tarragon-walnut pesto, provolone & eggplant "sandwich", roasted tomato couscous,...
*insert deep thought here*
In my new house for the first time!
Tales to tell: student to research ancient teeth in Peru - Las Cruces Sun-News
same here Dan..
QoTD: "It's the empty can that makes the most noise." (English Proverb)
Later that morning, M. Bronson said he received mass email from neighborhood assn mentioning terrible hit & run the night before. Realized.
r u going to fart or pee? Or both?
idk to either of those questions...me and Colleen dont really talk anymore and my mom is working so i dnt think i can go
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who is so freaking annoying but you have to love them...-_-
Well, you should get a lot done today! That's way better than TV.
we #love her too RT : You left this guy in vegas... Lol ": I can't get enough of this girl --------> "
OMG #Barca missing so many opportunities.
Fantastic! Amazing. Congrats and looking forward to the end result!
Join InGenious Clothing Co! Calling all #Photographers #GraphicDesigners #Promoters in the Philly area. Serious inquires DM. . .
when a quarrel is open between the past and the present it only disappear the future.its too early to quit raise your standards today
If the #Brewers go 7-7, which is realistic, the #Cardinals would have to go 14-2. It's not going to happen - we got this!
Music's got me feelin so free we're gonna celebrate. One more time. Ohh how i love you #DaftPunk!
Shortwave Society at the Tin Roof in Charleston on Friday!
and your made up news this morning was exactly what...?
Minor setback for a major comeback
RT : Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.Theodore Roosevelt TYG!
yea buddy I go my ipad
Do you follow me on twitter? If so, great! If not, please follow!!!
and the fact that opposing running backs run out of bounds for no reason, fumble the ball ect lol
Can sum1 hlp me get followers
wondering why twitter exist.
Denver game was good but this Detroit game sure is entertaining.
2 new live play questions posted in #SportingExplore, including an Espinoza yellow ? and ? about 1st sub of 2nd half for KC.
He said it was my mothers day gift from him.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve.
Massiverocketradio.com is no longer streaming live events, for more info email us at
Thanks to Alaska Airlines wifi, just exchanged emails with as he flies to NE for Saturday's Timbers game. So cool.
We never got that order. Did you place it yet?
Just wanted to say happy new year and say thanks for featuring our story on the blog today!
#Boulder Daily Camera: #Colorado rep Coram & #gay son split on
Fan Favorite !
#fridayreads RT : Congrats ... #MenUndressed just may be the most fashionable read of the year! (co-edited w/ )
Well, my plans got screwed.
I'm exhausted as fuck :(
No next time I see him im punchin him, he's been pissin me off lately
Still on set -- on camera talent for the day. I forgot about
Would some institution please host a debate between Caitlin Flanagan and Laura Kipnis already.
I'll call you sometime, don't worry. Gotye is practically begging us to cover their song
They call me the BACON of hope...
So glad you wrote it! It's a very cool book.
Let's Go Milan!! Vamos Ibra!!!
thanks for the supplies but i still hate your office employees. they're greedy bitches. it's true
Grappling State Championships for youth and adult May 2012...White Tiger will be winning this tournament!!!
How about salad spinning?
HEY! No boogies, WOOT! No, when did you send it?
any White Stripes, Dead Weather, Racentours, Jack White concerts for us? Let me know, we'll get them and do a nice review!
Look for us at Center Street Daze today!
SO much WILD stuff happening this May! Be sure to stay connected to stay in the loop of all of our awesome events & specials happening!
Being called cute >
LB Business Owners: It's time for the Holiday Food Drive. If you are interested in having a donation box please email thx!
hey mickie james good luck tonight
you should follow me please <3
yes I have MMS CD-ROM in my laptop at work.
PS now taking suggestions of tweeps to follow in Portland and Seattle
