#NowPlaying. De'Angelo. Untitled (How Does It Feel).
Pat Robertson your true colors have been exposed.
Roses R red,violets R blue,u actually thought id cry over u?I told u i loved u & u believed it was true so guess what playa?u got played too
Waiting till last minute to book travel over next few weeks. 7pm on a Friday in office is only time. Party on Wayne......
Affairs are best prevented by having a strong marital-friendship. Truly listen to your partner.
One in every 4 Americans has appeared on television.
ha ha ha I survived lol. They are home tucked away. I miss them :-(
just went on a jog w Chandra. It was a blast! Had great chat about relationships w God! How was workout w Sarver?
lame response :P
also rising from dead this morning. Rocky vs. Clubber Lang tomorrow night. KD and Westbrook, we need to bring it.
yes 3/21 Lamplighter Lounge They are great!
And, damnit, it's not illegal to release movies not based on comic/boardgame/amusement park ride franchises.
how you worried bout anotha nigga whn you got me smh... Game for lames 101
sorry , I meant
: Mr Ben Cohen, Mr Jerry Greenfield, I thank you for combine 2 of my favorite desserts. Ice cream and Boston Creme Pie.
In the OB waiting room. So exhausted I could take a nap right here.
When will the "fall weather snap" get here? I'm kinda itchin for the crispness of fall weather...
Very Excited to have Maya Saad Joining the Production Team!
what's ur number
Have a great happy new year! Have tons of fun but most important be safe!!!
Happy Easter weekend from ! #EllenRTme day 153
rogue crafts writer!
Congrats to JAMS major Stephanie Obst on being named Miss Milwaukee 2012!
Calling it a night.
At my daughter's 5th grade graduation. She is growing up too fast.
Kinda looks like the NHL's asking for a lockout, doesn't it? And for the life of me, I don't know why.
Agreed. I'd like to see more nuanced choices to account for that personal currency, similar to creative commons in copyright.
Do your good deed for the day and spread the word about Hit Man to Hero. Help #EndSlavery!
My muse is last-minute panic.
Disappointed with Lloyd cd.
I always wondered by the Verizon center promotes Groupon when Living Social HQ is right across the street
nope just Kate and Sal
yeah I don't get how kids are in the position that this can happen
Had the crazy tarot card reading yesterday...!
I'm pissed
She better be if she is the president of the alumni assoc!!!
:) It's Friday? Then you're way over my head for a Friday.
Loving my new hair!
My son is going through his first day of Basic Training (Air Force). Proud mama here! :) Go Mitchell!
Need some Dr Pepper asap. (haven't had any in like 8 wks- boo). My to do's before heading south tomorrow are long. ;)
I love the freeze dance QuiltDad! Is this at your library? Library storytime rocks! Hooray for you!
You sat on the gory side! RT Ran into at a show.
LTI looks very good as a way to integrate 3rd party tools into Moodle - language agnostic (MD "could be ruby"):-) a/o between LMS
ESPN radio during SSR in English... Oh yeah...
Thanks for the mentions today. My quiet little site has seen its most action today.
Happy #Friday everyone! What's on the docket in #Milwaukee this weekend? If you're not sure check out some great events from...
i loved them all. just make sure you know what you're about to read ;)
Wow. At home with nothing pressing to do for the first time in I don't even know.
Power went out at school!
Not having to say my order at yellow vendor because I go so frequently
Hell of a game
Happy 21st Birthday Sam Clement "Ham"!!!
What did WFAN's Mike Francesa say about Tweeting? That it should be illegal? Hey Mike - fail. EPIC fail. You are so out of touch
what happened!?
#WarOnAmerica RT It's not just Catholics. RT : it's War on Catholics, but nobody's saying so
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 30
Ha! Owner of The Ballroom just dropped by my social media production office ~ he's stuck here all day after forgetting keys in Minneapolis!
Friday night listening to #Streisand #Broadway #Pandora radio while reading about collective memory. Pretty G.
Huh..? Aha
I'll tell you what Little Richard likes...Little Richard's
Studio been running all day. Sonny Money Just killed it. Young Doe getting in the booth now. And Big Blake in a few hours...
Welcome to the BBN !!
HA! Good call, my apologies. :) RT : I never want to hear the words "meaty spider" and "egg sack" ever again. Not ever.
Congrats Mayor lol
All molesters should be castrated and there should be cameras at every school in every classroom #ProtectOurKids - XavierLT.com
Without blood?! That's crazy! Amazing that she survived.
Going to lunch with my mom and stepdad for Mother's Day is THE PERFECT start to my day!
#itsawkwardwhen you fall asleep on you date, at a fancy restaurant, that's crowded *maybe that's why he never asked me out again*
stay gettin busy on the dance floor lmao
What's the "thin thing?"
Lots of fun, I can't wait. Hope to see you both there. Cheers!
it's like freaking out over a famous guy (;
oh I want to go swimming..
Drinks then movies after work!
It's official, spring cleaning mode is on. Have you scheduled your driveway and garage cleaning yet?
He wanna speak to my ma now. Oh Lawd
Very exciting! Keep us posted on Monte's progress!
I wish I wasn't so tall. That way I wouldn't always hit my head off of door frames like now.
thank you Dalny :) its Michele!
End your perfect first day of Spring with us, at an awesome rock show and dance party at RRB starting at 9:30 tonight!
the Mask Mamba needs a new one with super powers horrible lost last two nights
Missouri is...the Show-Me state! Plus, It maintains the icy wall that protects us from white walkers!
I love my fans hella tough.
let us know what you think, looking forward to having you.
VW Golf Review - Recombu
I hate that #svu and #revenge is on at the same time
wow u r so quick,good morning darling
Still makes sense and thanks! In grading mode myself, so unless you're a student I'm paying little attention to grammar today.
Mega Mondays Up Elevated Lounge. Tasty Tapas and divine drink specials.. ...
I am watching Betty White's show for the first time. Dying of laughter right now!
We've all had foot-in-mouth moments via text, but this gem on Gawker has to be one of the douchiest examples.Essentially, a dude goes out
does that mean your getting knocked up???
can u send me the link one more time, cuz i can't open this one)
Delia: this would be a tremendous backslide. The majority of students are capable of achieving regular standards and being successful.
aw that sounds nice :)
Huge shout out to BFF for bringing the music back! Thanks for the headphones...NYC has its beat back!
Thanks very much , means a lot.
still being a creep on chatroulette with aunt Naye? Hahaha penis penis penis 
Today I have an overwhelming urge to see the Avengers...Do you think my employer would notice if I took a ~2 hour lunch break?
Finishing touches to t- design today then submitting.
this is the second show about pizza... it's a sign
Entering the green room for Ebooks and the Library User Experience at #ebooksummit--starts at 3 pm. See you there.
#MaleModelMonday shout out to -- Happy Monday!
I bet Tony G. wanna be back in KC now lol. Don't look too promising to get a playoff win with "Matty Ice" Won't be shocked for return to KC
Heatles might have been better off in the fourth quarter with a lineup of John, Paul, Ringo and George.
If we apply now and are fortunate enough to get accepted, when does the next session start?
Is Dumb And Dumber a respectable film? haha
thanks! Can't wait!! How your semester finish!!?
isn't that a violation of some sort?
My bulbs are popping up! There's hope yet for spring in Cleveland.
sucker for love
That just blew me...
Hey man, Here is my pin 325772D5 how can I help you?
Oh yeah! Thats dirty! RT : booked flights to SD october for mud run. How Dirty is that!!!
Lookout for doing an interview about our blog soon!
Happy planting ; ) VA needs more acres under vine. “: We're planting petite verdot, merlot, cab franc today”
bets that the first guy to ever dress up as a clown was really creepy.
James Brown. ALL DAY
Sign up to the e-newsletters in the "ABOUT" page and get the KP PR details on events and raffles.
I've had it with dead white guys!
Last full week of school. Crazy.
May your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you, and heaven accept you =)
Leprechaun marathon ...=)
very cute!!
“: I think the only thing all of NYC agrees on, is that Staten Island is irrelevant. Even SI agrees” We don't count b. 👈
You're welcome.
Listening to pcasts by news instead of NPR. Not thrilling, but more challenging than DK history/trivia programs.
WOW what a weird 1st round. Indiana advanced, Chicago eliminated, and The Boston Mummies knocked out Hotlanta.
It's a glorious day on the boat in SF Bay.
Extending my spring break by being sick on the first day back... thanks for the advice
Castle Redmond says Oakland school cut suspensions by 87%
Thank you! :)
you're welcome? I think? Haha. Okay! Changing the subject!
Congratulations to Bevan & Matt of Paragon Restaurant & Bar SF for passing their Level 1 Sommelier Exam. Cheers!
Saw someone taking a family photo in front of the new Walmart. They don't get out much...
I don't think my mom understand the "my throat hurts" concept because she keeps calling.
Thanks! I hope you like 'em.
I had been told that the training procedure with cats was difficult. It's not. Mine had me trained in two days. - Bill Dana
folding laundry is one of the most annoying things in the world.
hey! where have you been? you are missing out on a ton at the fellowship!
The influence of the iPad in special education is remarkable: 46% of users access our app from an iPad!
Soony's not there
Had a great workout today at the gym. This week I'm training with my trainer 3 straight days. Gotta switch it up!!
I need professional help. I get an email about a new scanner debuting at #ala11 and why did I get excited; considering I'm building one.
...and Mike Perkins is back again on Jan 29. Stay tuned for a SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT for new Thursday nights! And more shows announced soon.
Dreaming of white sand beaches and warm weather...
What math is it?
How are you?
You aren't lame.. Its just nobody likes you.. hahaha #justkidding :p
Just learned more about plan to "make attendance count everyday!" The photo banners w/ youth quotes look great.
Thx for the shout our and follow
so ur leaving Wednesday around 9?
I knew it, I just knew you had too. You couldn't even resist.
Hi sexy mami! I just wanted to say im a big fan of yours & i LOVE your work XOXO
Duck Sausage with Apple Brandy today!
My apologies, redeye caught up to me, am crashing out. Tomorrow perhaps?
just did it lol :)
Like a gunslinger, I do what I do for the money and the respect.
#WHSummit Dept of labor wants to dismantle the barriers in access to the federal assistance programs.
youve been saying you love me for how long.. ? hahaha joke.
No argument there.
thank goodness i found my sim card... i've would of been sleep!
I lovee too :)
Anyone by the Abbey Pub, in chicago?
No, you are not.
Last night's roaming party was insane.... sleeping now. G'night Owls...
S/o to my grandma for going ham on the birthday song lol
The guy next to me is really annoying.
man, is everyone done with finals before me? RT if you aren't done til friday.
Stoked! We're driving from #rva RT : Tonight we've got & ! Doors at 7.
This has been an absolutely wonderful Spring collection reception!!! Almost completely sold out :) loving our new Pinterest clients!
I lost count! But I do have a larger mug today. LOL!
haha...no sir. dont see us running any deals that cause you to wear bandages.
Been cleaning fish tanks and such most of the day!
Stop having a cheap praise! Worship is not separate from sacrifice.
Yep... still don't give a shit about a smartwatch because it's still a watch.
A garage sale is a quick way to make a few bucks... And to teach you never to pay retail again.
the measure of love, is to love without measure. 
What's up with the lack of love for Josh Smith of the Hawks? He has been called childish, but the dude is playing hard every night!
Thanks for your time, if you ever have any need for secondary market services can help :)
What's the best fun to stay up before #iMac?
I think he used to work for #shamwow RT : has even more energy
h-o-t! :) RT : We r officially headed to ATL in July 4 ! Cant wait 2 see you! Will it b hot?
HOW DO YOU KNOW THIS?! Are you for sure this time?!! :O :O
#ghettocrayolacolors "I swear officer BROWN"
online collections #mw2012 really see a cultural divide betw insttns/ppl that want to share, & those that want to curate. few do both.
lmao of course u would
so.. aren't there women who want to only hire/surround themselves with the good looking, strapping-young men?
Liking a Facebook status that is clearly about you, because you're a fearless bastard.
that happened to me yesterday with strawberries. What a disappointment.
Don't take little details for granted
Fifth Quarter in Cincinnati: Not your mother's summer school: And here's the best part - it's actually fun. Fifth Quarter isn't the r...
You don't want this #Eagles d-line to enter into full pass rush mode...might be a long night for
Factors were very important during colonial exploration in providing capital for foreign trade.
As authors and experts we should keep up to date on colleagues and competition, but we need creative input to maintain our creative output.
What's good twitter world?! Lol
yeah, why?
I stopped talking to you so you would miss me, but in the end, I’m the one missing you more than ever.
I hope you have something coming regarding since you really in the hood.
K, sent. thanx
The world is fucked up
Water rights among other current issues require advocacy such that the Worcester Sovereignty Project can provide. -John Echohawk
I wish I had an Anonymous Box :): O the things that would be in ther ;)
"He's not a priest I'd play golf with"-the nicest quote about a bad man from the doc. "Deliver Us From Evil"
On a plane destine for OKC I blame
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
A&A is proud to welcome actor, stand-up comedian and long time cast member Darrell Hammond to our Celebrity Advisory Board.
Founder, , enjoyed speaking to the today abt thriving w/ learning disabilities! Thanks for the opportunity!
What's your favorite thing to do on Sunday?
D'awww, thank you! I'd gotten stressed with blogging as an actual job and forgot that I do TAA for MYSELF (and you, too!) :-P
Our menu has these friendly items: Vegetarian • Vegan • Atkins Friendly • 590 Calories Or Less • Gluten Free Weight Watchers Friendly
Don't forget February Freebie Friday ends this Friday the 24th. Enter now!!
Jesus' death on the Cross and His resurrection paved the way for me to have a new life - one that is complete in Him!
I'm a little behind. Jan 12 NYTimes had no #Haiti article? Really? Only a link to pics online. Someone tell me I'm missing something.
True. My thoughts also. But that app is no big deal.
It's the weekend! Everyone have a safe and fun St. Patrick's Day tomorrow!!!
Hey beautiful girl
that wasn't me!! I would never say that!
Good question! That better make the radio broadcast RT : Could you jump rope like this back in your day?
walking to lowes for a field trip
and the stoned.
Be thankful for hard times in your life. Try not to look at them as bad things, but as opportunities to grow and learn
ok. Its a DM date lolz
ikr! We did what we can!
Why is landscaping crew at Waldstein Park during green Dog hours?
Absolutely! We do our famous Cougars and Cubs Ball every 1st Friday of the Month! Thanks for coming and Boogie on Bridget!!!!
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.
Ls. scaups, no. pintails, Am. wigeons. Those were in Bay Area until recently, wonder if any from Heron's Head included. (re previous tweet)
Hawks 3-2 craw with 32 saves. Keith time on ice 28 minutes
So I hear the new TDKR trailer will be attached to next week's The Avengers US release. Almost more excited about the trailer than avengers.
oh, good luck with that..haha. I was vegan last summer. But now I'm just vegetarian ;-)
Yes! Learning grammer in french has helped me with my english too.
I think I shall be very happy when it is Wednesday.
RT : Our 2nd National Summit on Quality in Home Visiting Programs begins this week.
Assisted by Guardado with a cross following a corner.
#IHMITA fact The Legends Ball is an after-five dinner event honoring leaders in ministry &the music community.
me too!!! Was ready to break out the shorts & tank tops, lol
Larry Bird & Dirk are two of the greatest shooters of all-time. They're also both white. Let's compare them!
RT : Students need to be allowed to explore in a safe environ. without fear that mistakes will effect their "grade"
Foodstamps dont buy as much crack as they used to
do you do film scores?
I'm a teenager. My music will tell you more about me than my mouth ever could.
I don't think I Am the Walrus is good on any mix to be honest. It just throws everything off. Too many theme songs too.
do you think you will ever FOLLoW me?? It will mean so much to me man!!
SCANNER: Car has struck the bridge under the off-ramp of eastbound I-70 at Colfax. Rescuers en route.
yeah I read somewhere that it's not all...but I may have read some invalid info...lol
well at least i got to keep my zodiactical sign...i'm still in the brotherhooded order of the arrow wielding horse/man hybrid..
2 hours until the Final Four games tip off - who's your pick to win it all this year??
I bet is hoarding it all at his secret sweatshop!
Fab u killed it wit that track I ain't gone lie I dropped 1 2 it kuz I feel ya. Ya momz in heaven smilin at ya, may she rest well
Thursday would rock! Same bat time, same bat channel?
I know right? Kinda adds some flavor to my car
Why would anyone create a PDF form and not make it editable? Who prints things anymore?
Just started my first college app! I haven't been this excited in a long time :)))
DS: If you want to become a Head Coach in the NFL, come to Baltimore as a Defensive Coordinator first. Ray Lewis will get you that job.
kicked outta here? shoestring says....I'M Afraid Not!
My friends are crazy, I really love them.
I even competed hard while injured as a true freshman through the last (8) games in 2009, but I always played the game giving it my all.
It's really annoying when a cop blows through a stop sign or red light w/o their sirens on. Should be setting an example.
I dont want to leave
that's ridiculous. All they would have had to do was call me up there if my kid was acting out.
How do you get fans to be activists off of Facebook?
i admire you for talking about the difficult stuff. sending you love x
and you just now tell me
RT : Going Strong at May Day Tmrw with and S/O To Everybody Attending!
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
Not really. Both stigmatized/oppressed; not right either way. Don't think we're out-oppressing, just speaking to our identities.
You bet! I got a cookie! (Thanks to ?)
Thanks for the RT!
Excited to see what comes out of the NYC hackathon this weekend!
": Who's gonna love you the way I do? NOBODY!!"
My friend got kicked out of her house \:
Sunflower Wildfire Update: ±14,465 ac, ±15% contained. Activity slowing, reaching old Willow Fire burn area. Burnout continues
so do I
How do you spell inspiration? J-U-S-T-I-N B-I-E-B-E-R(:
I love this movie #AllAboutSteve with #BradleyCooper. Yum. This man has the most beautiful smile. ♥ Heavy sigh...
oh no! Feel better. Alka seltzer!
RT : Anyone have links to student-created stop-motion videos?
I thought I could trust you who'd of thought......
Tapestry deadline is tomorrow!!! Submissions have been pouring in. Bring your work to room 176!
... and that, dear friends, is why you run market analysis before you create something sacred.
they looked great. hope you're doing well.
Great House Party opportunity! #HouseHuntersParty Crossing my fingers! It would be awesome!
nope, write as many dirty words as you like.
GOOD MORNING GOOD MORNING=)
RT : Thank u houston for making bombon so much fun. We literally do this out of love ... Puttin it down for our city.
Wow.. I didn't know iPods were rocket science... #geez!
Its a beautiful day for sports
cuts to SS and medicare. impeachment time? Nah, full time revolt is overdue!
Hated it ..still wanted luke,who doubled in his last AB to hit.RT : what did you think of ph for Lucroy?
I Like this idea.
like why can't you wait till I get my whip back
lol...y u say that?
Raiders, move back to LA so we could at least see them on TV in Oakland! Al Davis = wicked witch of the west! Ding dong already!
The Thing 2011 was a perfectly decent movie. Similar to Carpenter's movie but it had some new stuff. FX was not as bad as I had heard.
Any way to get in on the country music video? I've played drums in a few.
Vancouver wow
I think fablous girlfriend is so pretty but she needa find a man thats gone really treat her right cause fab do her so dirty. smh
: anyone tried the "news dot me" ipad app from Bitly? I'm mid-way through my free trial and on the fence about whether I'll convert to paid.
Keg-stand time here at the White House for #OccupyTequila...first up...Justice Sotomayor....
thank you. You too. (:
1st of 10 straight weekends working...
Yall About To Get Walked
Event planning skills was put to good use :) successful wine party. Thank you girls for coming out last night!
Need to get back on my twitter game
No Call No Show No Surprise!
total bummer. so disappointed.
IAFF General President Harold Schaitberger will be speaking at the PFFU Convention Friday April 22 at 10:00am. www.pffu2011.com
I think I have her number .. Does it cost money to text her of you have unlimited texting ?
"Why are there so many -NTJ women in this room??" "Oh, we are all here to watch Caprica." Except there are no more episodes till Fall. :(
Truthfully I Wish I Had Lied More, Cause When I Was True All I Heard Was Bye More, #FuckYou ! </3 But #ILoveYou ! <3 Damn I'm So #Confused !
I love my work…wrote this in case my boss is reading my tweets.
Making Moves!! Review of coming soon. Summer shows announced at in Boston and foundation room!
I blocked the app a few months ago.
the infamous pyramids
I'm in need of some retail therapy.
Not a fan of New England pro-sports teams
Dear Haters, If you're talking behind my back, you're in a good position to kiss my ass.
going through old stuff is the best. <3
Why couldn't it be next week?
you look pregnant, stop fucking with soo many dudes girl respect your body damn my nigga
RT " starting to look like a bloodbath on dane county races." Commonsense and education winning out in Dane tonight!
Peace, love, and RGIII
The Omega Effect, Part 3 - Comic Vine
You too Laura.
Today is student worker appreciation day at my library, which means there's cake!
Leaving for Aruba in LESS than 5 days
What would it take for you to pay hundreds for a hotdog? World's most expensive dog coming up on
I need constant reassurance!
Looks like has been hacked. :-(
So happy theres no school tomorrow.
Love prospers when a fault is forgiven...Let your Love prosper above ALL..when you forgive others.
yea, he almost had me thinkin "this is a mans world" then the song went off lol....I'm done
Lol either way, congratulations on making it to the finals.
Putting together a press kit and sending beats over for them to scout as we speak! Pretty much.. The call went fucking awesome.
Love Me Tender was cut from the show, so I don't have that.
Insert immature tweet about my life here.
merry christmas and a happy new honeymoon! yay for booking!
Got hammered with mom up in the burbs. Now on the Metra, giggling, finta meet my brother. NP John Lee Hooker - The Cream. God dog.
so much to do.. so little time
Why buy anywhere else???
Keep peace of mind in your space homie!
TONIGHT WERE GETTING FUCKED UP !!!
Watching The Princess Diaries.. Reminds me of when I saw Rooney live!
I love my grandma ♡
Good morning! Join us today for Group Reformer and Pulse Barre at 8:30
El Paso crowd tailgating behind the convention center were are ready for the game
Wild thing
(Refreshments will be served at the GSO meeting today) Raynor Study Rm D, 1-2pm
pizza pizza pizza
Are you a research professional or a professional who does research? Our research suggests most of us are tasked with research regularly.
haha you're cute :) guess we ain't ever dating lmfbo.
Come to the + APA drinks tonight @ Library Bar to talk tech, urbanism, interventions + more
When I Miss You, I Re-Read Our Old Conversations & Smile Like An Idiot :)
It's so hot today .
The craft.
Are WE having FUN yet??
K, folks. I understand morning Metro transit can be crowded, but, if you REMOVE yer BACKPACK we could prevent many unpleasantries.
It may not look like Spring outside but its time for that Spring make over.
It doesn't really feel like Christmas. Where is the snow?
Oatmeal cookies are the best o_o <3
just relate individual records to forwarding info and you're set, right?
" is that a play on seau, like "say owwww"?" // YES.
Ok in less than 24hrs Elegant Nights kicks off!! Make sure your friends follow us for $5 grand opening admission! Only $10 ALL night!
yard signs work! :) absolutely! We have some in our PKE showroom or has some too.
My golf swing is getting better. I think...for now...maybe...we'll see.
OMG...Diane Sawyer almost apologizing & supporting John Edwards...Edwards is a pig & a liar...he should do prison time!
great news Congrats !
call Brevard Health Dept. at (321) 637-7300 for a free appointment
We deserve to lose this game by double-digits. Pissed away every single opportunity.
Or hidden behind the giant pile of American Girl dolls.
Haha thanks—it's a little dated now, though… needs an update pretty soon. Let's catch up soon!
And I give him the praise!
HACKED! Thank you all 4 alerting me!! Tweet Police are on the job! Can u please forward stuff sent under my account?
‎"Even in the dark, baby ima shine bright"
Yes! I can see it on the horizon! RT : Almost time for your nap. : P
hahahahahaha. When I first heard about 1D I thought that Harry and Jake T. Austin looked alike lol :)
Secrets 2 Bldg Relationships w/Public Agencies: "Get certified and registered as a small biz." Grt advice! #sdp2p cont.
Yep, personnel & processes mired in the past are no good for anything beyond incremental (and sometimes not even that)
I know! You seriously need to road trip! RT : Haha I wish I could just go to them... :/
Getting a new computer is both a blessing and a curse...
Lord, Creator God, How I long to keep your Sabbath and reverence your holy spaces, and that your Word would prevail always in all things.
Philip Humber throws a perfect game!
": People who listen to their imagination, instead of ignoring it, have a much more fulfilling life"
Who's Ready 4 some PACKER FOOTBALL?
Our troops more info #navy #seals #mil #sot #tcot check it out links courtesy of
There is enough energy wasted in poker to make a hundred thousand successful men every year.
Tweets of accounts I follow are not showing up on time (i.e., they are all hours old and even "new" tweets are 1+ hours old).
RT All dese girls wanna hit the gym all of a sudden... dey tryna get right 4 memorial weekend • already knoww!
i should !! lol
*doubles over*
Here come the public speakers. I imagine the board will get some love at this point.
Hey lil bit, I haven't seen you in 4ever. Keep up the good work luv!
Bryan Dodge, nationally recognized leadership speaker, to speak during WWVC Leadership Institute on the evening of October 14!
The princess bride
when will u be coming back to new york?! i love ya :*
Good morning from LA *taps screen, waiving* time to go to what most call work. I'm fortunate enough to call it fun ;-)
Lunch: Wasabi Chrispy Chicken with homemade mashers anyone?
oNe DiReCtIoN ♥
Great game by the #tennesseetitans! #ravenkillers!
Having impure thoughts about Joshua Jackson & Georgina Haig (Etta). Oy, this is worse than the impure thoughts about JJ & Orla Brady
Get involved too, post, comment and like!
please stop being so liberal and go drink your bushmills.
I will never give up on my dream and passion. one day ill be on that billboard, one day ill headline my own show #oneday!
Looks like chipper is in it for the long run
lmao, and who are you? xD
Good luck to San Diego native Jessica Sanchez tonight on Idol!
He don't want it.
I wish either like or would check out my Youtube channel<3 That would be a dream <3!
WATCHING THE AWESOME UK WILDCATS!!! THEY ARE AWESOME.. MY FAVORATE TEAM. FOLLOW ME, I FOLLOW BACK
Hey buddy, how late does the band play? "Oh, about a half a beat behind the drummer."
now following u..follow back bighead lolj/p
Very nice--congrats!
Thanks! Photo by (the Twitterless) Ed Homich.
Three words to live by - It's all good.
Im not rlly like one of those "AHHSHFHSGF" type im more "Oh i like them" You know ?
HEY I LOVE YOU♥ You're amazing & im hoping you see this tweet & FINALLY notice me♥
photos tonight!
Stupidity can be contagious so I got my dumbness vaccine
Congrats! RT : Today is my 3 year #Yelp anniversary I'm going out and having some good eats this week.
Good week of work. Progress with new clients. Awesome results with current clients. Setting up good 2012! W.Callme.io
Now we have you right where we want you #PENSin7 LET'S GO PENS!
I installed jb kernel yesterday and I not getting anywhere close to the results you are
I wuvvvv you (:
My favorite episode.
. ... I stood up, two security guards and a CMPD officer were next to me asking me to turn my phone off.
Sigh. That good old wireless love lol
I don't #BowDown I stand #Firm saying
I appreciate the support, Jaime! :)
probably when he was a Pirate pitching against the Brewers
well Beck why not because I. Want it
M I love waking up to some classic Burberry <3
Next Monday night, we've got Sawdust Symphony here at VIA. All ages, no cover show starts at 7:30
Audible is the best! We wonder if eBooks will take after audio books (i.e. small audience) or digital music (vast audience).
And she DID remind me of Adele...
please stop tlkn bout it its really boing & stupid!!
If we close our eyes hope, we might get closer to tomorrow. Let's live today til then. I'll be spending the whole day working for tomorrow.
Key is under flower pot on the back stairs. Thanks!
The path to enlightenment is not a path, it's a metaphor for the time it takes to you love yourself, no matter what.
Keep it simple -- use a brick.
Try Blade again now. It may have been down for 15 minutes yesterday.
Folic acid can boost your mood and decrease inflammation. Best sources: green veggies, legumes, beans, nuts and seeds.
I love how sold 20million off of Boyfriend and I'm one of the 20 million who bought it and listening to it right now!!:):) <3
another #restless night..... :/
I cannot send u a Direct Message unless u follow me back, what we are looking for is something signed we can raffle off
oh shit we gotta black nigga! #bitch ass.
Its happening now we live TSMRadio doing it http//tsm-1.com/ click that radio button.
whoa, tonight's Mad Men
you've got great taste in music :)
Need to get laid more RT : A single sex session uses the same amount of energy that 45 minutes of Frisbee-throwing does.
Has anyone been to all of San Diego's Haunted Hotel, Haunted Trails, and Del Mar Scare Grounds? Which is the best?
WAY TO GO, Burma!
enjoy our music :)
#ff Assurance Advertising serves both #Vegas and Los Angeles. Hit them up.
Adele is amazing !!!
Join us tonight for trivia with DJ Play to win tasty bevs and even a cash prize.
Q4) communicating often and openly; not letting the SME be surprised.
“: Why can't life come with no consequences?” If only....
Museum people unite, indeed! :) RT thanks for the follow :)
woah you guys are awesome :D
Due to TRAK’s expansion, we’re hiring a Recruiter! If you’re interested in this opportunity, please contact me.
Man who lives behind the library has broken computer and is here for the first time. He lives behind the library. How do we get them in?
Thank you, & thanks to #TimetoSucceed and ! RT : - Thank you Ford Foundation!
Watching the legend of Korra
Jack Flash and Durban Poison is Back in the house..
Ice moms sure talk shit
I know you've been doing these big shows with & here in Chicago! How was that whole experience?
Time to work the fat off these bones; need to lose a few pounds ... been eating too well the past few months!
Lol why does he remind me of Zayn? Is it just me?
Thanks for the love and the S/O's!! You are a machine!! LOL
birthday tweet
Hooray Cornell! I've spent my entire spring break working as hard as thought it were a standard class week.
is it eerily quiet in there?
great to see you on twitter, friends!
always goes someplace, far away from me:(
Not on the ledge brother - just trying to understand- We went in hoping for Manning and left with Garrard and No Marshall
Thanks for inclusion in Kauf's Daily Recap!
Have a safe trip !! Send Dionne our sincerest condolences !
Heart just got stolen
yea but I only have like 1,050 tweets so far I think I do anyways so yea I am
I'm the worst at responding to your messages. #Forgiveme and expect one soon. Hope all is well across the pond. Any egg-citement?
Grand Opening in April!
Find the ways to distribute what you produce
cheese is awesome!! I love some saltines cheese a pickle and some mustard haha.
yeah, hunger games is pretty good
": Hey guys, what exactly do you want to hear in my upcoming tracks? :)" big room house. :D
i hop follows me she is so talented and so beautiful :)
what type of position r u looking for?
In Indianapolis for
if i were good @ 2k id merk both of you
I think mine DOES! This place is no longer worth the time and trouble!
Sanchise, Linsanity and Tebow Time in the same city.
-_.+!- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
sounds like you need a new....baseball team?
that sucks I'm sorry dude!
Did you have a good one?
Rethinking how tough I think blogging can be after hearing runs up to 14 blog posts a day during Fashion Week.
1 hour workout after school today..then nap ^__^
i'm excited now! When does that movie come out?
Lets go Packers!!!!
Have a mind of your own or lead in the wrong direction
SPRING BREAK HAS STARTED BETCH!!!!!!! u better come over tomorrow!
thank you for the piece. I had similar responses to the hack and the marketeer, but not as well-developed as you.
i'm so excited
There is white stuff falling from the sky... I dont know how I feel about this...
OW OWWWW! Can you dm me the email address you used to sign up?
what is your brides e mail, i used to have it....since Scripps took over half my crap has disappeared..thanks
The Corporate Marketing Campaign will be a fantasy after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
you're goregous. c:
Family is everything. Family comes first. It's not what I expected it to be, but nothing ever is. --Madonna
Theres nothing funny so we laugh at n-n-nothin'
YO YO !!! When are you coming to stay with us???? I miss you!!!
Sad, still cops & helicopters and news crews all around near my house for #JuniorSeau #RIP - great NFL player and all around nice guy
I Just Cant Take #00MF Serious !
Watching the #WonderYears on cable at Grandma's house.
Happy Resurrection Sunday! - Matthew 28:6 He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay.
Thanks for the follow! :D
#BOYFRIEND #8hours :) I'm so excited!!!! AH to bad Justin won't see this. All we #BOYFRIEND !
Lawrence George Durrell~ There are no days in life so memorable as those which vibrated to some stroke of the imagination.
"Every thought you have has an energy that will either strengthen or weaken you." - Dr. Wayne W. Dryer
starting my second virtual session now
stupid shady bitches.
I swear 2 Allah ... I guess it means something like that :0
but... what's the IRL price?
oh I understand. It is different than FB. But somehow being friends with a bunch of new and different people is exciting!!
haha you probably won it from one of my office's promotions. What film?
Thanks for this, some good suggestions in the mix..
after looking at my loan history, I feel like doing that.
Signing off for a while! Depending on how family & I recover, may be back later. Wishing all of you a healthy and happy wkend!
thanks Martin. It seems there's an outage on this exchange so the problem is bigger than just my services!
bring on the cute boys!!:)
I like the moment when I break a man's eggs...
Well now I hope game seven goes triple overtime
Go bears
Entertaining myself!
I'm excited! looking forward to seeing you there!
thanks for the mention, hope you're well!
All of the emphasized letters are "capitals" Could Evan simply be telling he is in the "capitol"? Sacramento? Washington D.C.?
YES! RT : Here's the rub from what I can see: to be distinctive, colleges have to stop letting research univs set standards.
thank you sista it was so awesome chillin w u this weekend!!
These Bitches is my sons & I don't want custody!!!
Don't think I'm sliding through the hood today, to hot,roll this loud up and watch movies for the rest of today
Hey Allen thanks for following
That little boy Carl on #Walkingdead is not too bright I see
yay(: once ur done with exams just tweet me and we'll establish a password
ugh, hate that. Tied for worst alltime with "I'm not here to make friends...I'm here to WIN"
Good morning friends and fans don't forget to come out tonight to Jack's Patio bar tonight rock out and party with us! TVA loves you...Ale
#askSELENA hi Selena I really miss you and love you I like your hair extensions
14 pages of #imissflorida tweets... only ONE single #imissutah tweet.
Loved chatting with you at the dinner last night. You're a great resource for mamas!
Its on bad times that you see who your true are ! The ones that care about you <3
I just said that to my friend who ran out of beer! It's just like Katrina, but all white people!
are you watching mad men tonight?
Keg Stand
hey, yes, much too long. Moved to kensington last July, and only just now not nostalgic for hill. how've you been?
I reaallllyyy am not tryin to study for this english test
Thanks for following back! Sadly, I have only visited the UK so far. Austrian monasteries sound wonderful, though.
breaking shit... again!
Stay tuned for a weekend Facebook challenge...
God is truly amazing! Just when I thought things were fallin apart He showed me that people do believe in me and support me.
Tomorrow going for my father the Aeropuerto in the afternoon yeaha
We are all connected! Be free!
I sometimes feel as if I'm invisible, as if no one can see me at all.
I feel like that was the biggest slap in the face
Do u like it rough or easy?
I swear has the most adorable little brother!
“: Huskies don't seem to be going at the boards with much effort...” > lackadaisical effort overall I think
Freelance #editors and #designers, I have a question: would you work for a client if you were guaranteed (not promised) a % over time?
ShoutOut to all following #topfament Happy Friday ya'll!!
,almost got arrested, expelled, fined and sent to juvie, and I feel like shit.
So, CitiBank is taking credit for the Marshall Plan now?
Anuncios r-r
98% of journalists say they start a story with a Google search (Pew report, State of the Media '11)
Aww thank you much!!
(c) give me everything. well yeah. good night ^.^
can't stop listening to this new track. also enjoying the new
Hey Dana, what's a god email for you? I can't DM you since you don't follow me - thanks
WHO WANTS THEY SONG ON A MIXTAPE SEND ME THE SONG & INFO TO
LA tweeps - anyone know of a great bakery that can rock a topsy turvy cake for birthday and under $150? Very cool but very $$!
well, you can just tell me when I see you.
One week until #Christmas! Who still needs to finish #shopping?
A shout out to all the business profs at the #fallsschoolofbusiness at #AU for all the help they are willing to give to their students
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
SHAMEFULL! I FEEL UR PAIN RT : Don't lock your doors when I walk past ur car lil old lady...I don't want nothing from u! SMH
Modernism emphasized straight lines, eliminating the expressive S curve.This made it harder to communicate emotions through design-EvaZeisel
feels like i fractured my ribs
Rawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwr ♥ I love you !
the awkward moment when ur sisters compares a hot guy to facebook ...
how was your day? :)
better keep at it ;) im in little rock! I'm about to start flying lessons and ive just been writing and recording
I knew then that one of them wouldnt make it.. Too Perfect for TVD
Ar you a freshmen at USD?
Woo i got the job! :)
CHECK OUT THE NEW PROMO TEAM Purp Muzic Ent. ...Like this to get details and reduced cover to all of our upcoming events!!
I don't remember her writing lyrics in the studio I don't remember her writing lyrics in the studio*Rick Ross voice*
I was busted by dd when she was 6. I used a Sacagawea dollar and she found one missing from the folder. :(
what does the google docs integration entail?
RT : RT halfway 'round this circle / the beauty of a line / that bends
i am back twitter i just got back from thes store!
I'm just waking up, lol! RT : I should probably go to sleep soon.
I'm gonna write and publish a book someday, for the glory of God :)
I want a dog like Yogi :)
as jasmines boyfriend why talk shit about her mom like that
Yo!!! Go peep 's new jam "Every Time". I get so hype when she drops new music! Lol
don't care what any body says, ur profile pics are awsome!
Dunno bout that RT : Devils coach DeBoer compared Rangers speed to Panthers, comparing Gaborik to Sean Bergenheim
Wearing fall colors in spring because
believes the Detroit Lions are now the NFC North favorites. That's cute.
I believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journey-work of the stars. Walt Whitman
Oh, I've slept around? Lolok, that's why I'm a virgin.
After watching UC and USF light up the scoreboard for a total of 91 points I did not think it was possible for UL and Pitt to follow suit.
A successful practice! Only new songs tonight. That one felt really good!!!
Come on flyers 8-3 not cool at all
Steimer in the house...
cause I didn't get a text from you!!!
The cat thinks he's spectacles. Dear cat: your furry butt is not transparent or even translucent.
six flavors?! really? after yrs of being Velveeta free I have learned something new!
he told him to go shine his badge
Thank you :D
Sometimes it's just best to blast the music and dance in ur underwear =]
why did Twitter recommend I follow Chris Brown?????
volleyball is a great sport....do you play in Detroit?
Tebow to jets is good for jets bad for tebow
Category 5-b winner is Big Ten Network
i need some dope.
Dear Feist: Please stop invading every single station with that 1, 2, 3, 4 song. I can't take it any more.
pretty hungry.... thinking about a cuban sandwich and quinoa barley salad at
Just did a driveby of one of ACs waved my blue/red GF at him While he was on bus duty, so many tie ins 2night
so obviously, the first thing to do is check Twitter.
Finished our first Wildhorse Saloon performance of the day love that place! CMA Fest, great fans, great music. On the river w Hillbilly next
Shoe shopping is possibly my least favorite activity
This lil white boy is too cute his ass singing Otis
It was so fun! Like getting to see behind the scenes of a place I've only seen on the big screen. :)
,trhe only think i t can tihnk abought is gettinbng u home
it still says i dont have any followers… hm…?
why? Are you planning to ho? What exactly do you want to know?
Happy birthday lil lady!
helping little brother with homework, just great (:
He reminds me of... Is Hood playing next year? F*** Bob Knight. Yelling at the refs. There's Ashley. Jay-Z is at the game.
DeMaio says he has a plan to repair streets and isn't waiting to be mayor to get it done.
Michael Jackson's new single "This is It" equals: eh..
mr Rogers is mad at you
It's cold, they are just happy to be out and warm
Loving the avi 😍
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams."
tweet the information or link so our followers have it please!
Happy Easter!
Lots of bluebonnets on the roadside around Enjoy them while they last!
One Fact about me.. I AM. OBSESSED. WITH. THE. ONE. DIRECTION. BOYS.
Did you grab my phone and tweet while I wasn't looking? You're so sneaky!
thanks. Taking train down and going to zoo for meet-n-greet with a tiger. Thinking of staying near Redding Term Market
The Cantina tonight.
Totally. This is why WE DRINK.
Follow & help welcome our friends (the absolute BEST caterers in New York & New Jersey!!). Most exquisite wedding food ever!
Im on my qrown women shit had that ass scared bitch trynna explain herself cuz she dnt want 3bitches on that cancer head kmsl
Tweeting from the Fall Meetup If you're in the UDistrict stop by!
Thanks, dude. Definitely pumped to be a fixture in 's kitchen, whether he likes it or not. Obviously, you need to come visit.
We'll be going to #TheRentalShow in a few weeks and unveiling an innovative tent, available for the 1st time to the US market. Any guesses?
Sex god..To make a long story short i never played that game again
there's not much to talk about besides Brewers injuries. That's a long 4 hours.
ayo shawn u mr kingston see if I cn come ovaa ya hpuse next weekend dudee cause ain't nothin gonna happen next week
www.blockstarsonline.com come see us!
nytnyt & sweet choco daya dreams lil sissie tiffany~ love you always & forever~ near or far were closer together <3
I like the new Google. Although, I could do without the redundant links.
#WorstThingsinTheWorld , Criminals and Murderers .
That cap is so cute!! Yay!!
okay... TBS just called Cliff Lee a mind reader. Chill....
Congratulations Prakesh Chand on your 4th Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sacramento franchise owner. You are appreciated!
I know API calls are limited to 150 calls per hr per account. Not sure about IP though, so you sure about that?
lots of guys! Any creative ideas for a #Movember #meetup here in cleveland?
Youre great at everything!
#NSMN panel: where do ad $$$ go with no #NFL programming? College football? Smaller ad buys get shut out.
Clipshow should legit fire VDN and make Chauncey coach for the playoffs.
If there is anything this past year has taught me: when things feel like they're going your way, life has a way of humbling you.
Finally got paid, now I need shade and a vacay and dudes still hatin so much hate I need an AK
Thanks to for hosting FUEL's first Manager Roundtable event last night! Always gracious hosts.
Let's just say that you're going to hve lots of 'close friends' suddenly when time for that VT cabin! Get it!
How'd you like that Big Blue win today, man? SLOPPY, but VICTORIOUS!!!
Hehe I don't think there's anything wrong with chasing a few shots of Jameson with moscato! Just saying we all have a lil irish in us ;)
#Damn I Get 2 Eat Some Greens Hm..... Make Stomach Growl.Fa'Shooo
“: $100” getting warmer
hi cami! thank you sa pagfollow. God bless you. :)
HeHe thank you so much :)
right! This is incredible!!!
my sister is 4 yrs old and she luves #SAYSOMETHIN she is also a mahomie and acon
Follow Chad RT : Calling all Marquette peeps, help me get connected with other Warriors/Golden Eagles. Retweet this, thanks.
Yes that is a lot of chocolate. But Um! what a way to gain weight. LOL
if loses to at #WWE #Wrestlemania28 than WWE is stupid.
Apologies to my band for making our twitter feed look like a #Titans fan club last week lol
Stay far from timid only make moves when your heart is in it and live the phrase the sky is the limit"- Biggie Smalls
Come on Anthony!!
The only thing getting me through finals is knowing that all my best friends come home within two weeks.
lol they still wrong its sickle cell
may 4th is an upcoming event...right...
Something good will come from #universitascbus tonight. That's what great storytelling does. Honored to be the guest host.
To do today: finish manuscript, throw away the Christmas tree, watch dominate on Jeopardy!!
Good Night! princess
So excited to see continue and grow!
#NF them beautiful and sexy
I think so too :) its good for summer
Westen on principles of effective messaging: Tell a coherent story and "if you don't feel it, don't use it "
I had a dream last night that a super-old senile judge appointed me to replace him, and that the people of Wisconsin were mad about it.
He's cute, right?
#BlackFriday set a record for the most #firearms sold in the U.S. in a single day (129,166) - 32% more than the previous record. - USA Today
Check out ; great tweets about great running topics!
I had a foreign professor who I thought was saying "casanova" but was really saying "carcinoma"...that was a fun lecture.
hey I heard you were a wild one;)
Tell her I love/miss her
#Writers: R U an 'Activist?' Concord Free Press might be yr ticket to fame and ... (sorry no fortune--for your anyway)....
#fldebate DRINKING GAME: Newt says "fact" drink 1 shot. Anyone says "historian" shotgun 1 beer. Romney says "million" remove 1 art clothing
RT : “Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting. So... get on your way.” ~ Dr. Seuss
Safe travels! We'll be thinking about you.
Have faith in God; God has faith in you.
Guys need to come with a caution sticker saying, WARNING: I'm only going to break your heart.
Abundance is about being rich, with or without money.
Why can't I see in me what other people see??? What's that shit all about??????
good point. yes i do 😜
Dude how did you do that?
Had a really nice run with my love today. He thinks he is a better runner. It's not true but he will get there after training with me :)
Back to Evidence .... lucky me!
Another meeting @ 9:30 😒phone on silent!
4 of my 5 exams are reciprocated in Ohio, but I have to wait until June to take the last. Can't practice until August.
omg justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT
yup been working on em. still mess up in between tho lol.
I now feel better for accdentally keeping my 3D glasses from that movie that one time! Thanks awesome seminar w/dir who knows his 3D
Absolutely. In 2006.
Listening to "Adventures in Pixels" by - awesome old-school #videogame inspired
I hope these fellas can keep this going until PA. I would hate to miss out on the chance to have a ham sandwich.
then, no te gusta. I'm not coming to school today. Couldn't get a ride :/
We need atleast a ten point cushion playin on the road
hm no love in that article for the winning team...??? can we do something about that?
can you blame him? ;)
MT Thought: to understand MITx / Udacity /Coursera persistence...look at for-profit exp. w/rolling admissions
Great morning at #w2s. How many times will use the word pivot this afternoon?
#22ndTaughtMe this something I already know about ain't it lol NVM I know what context its under.
Met sum coo peeps at
Surrounded by 40,000 tortillas, 320 lbs of eggs and 600 gallons of coffee ... It's Cowboy Breakfast time.
I should really be cleaning up...
Putting together an 8 page study guide and flash cards in 3.5 hrs and not retaining any of this information
Desperation before I hit the ground.
Getting ready for tomorrow. Feels like its going to be a big day of work.
Hear me on the www.sportsanimal.com today 11 am to 2 pm
haha! Have you tried peach?
no meetings or greetings...just memories of past i barely remember..
Ironic is #40 on the list..
RT : just got my dress for the !!!
That sounds good to me. Slingers?
please follow
Girls gossip way more than dudes, but dudes can get the "word" around way faster than girls lbs.
Knock it out of the park Ladies!! And thank you for all that you do.
Good advice from QCityMetro's Burkins: Establish relationship with local paper. Don't just be a voice on the other end of the phone.
Why is it so hard 4 the news 2 get our name/picture right? Arent they supposed 2 be professionals? Take the time 2 do the research to do so.
Had such a fun weekend with my friends <3 so sad it had to end :(
Don't let me down Pens, its the Caps you can beat them
Because they asked you to?
Follow for info on Dems & GOP announcements of their candidates for 55th district of State Senate!
haha that's one way to describe em
Add bright colors to our common grey.
i voted All day today, it would mean so much if you gies followed me back!
Saturday morning shout out. Laundry, playing, eating, dancing.
It's like the mo' money we come across, the more probLINs we see
It's #Friday!! Be sure to check out one of our partner bars tonight for $1 drinks- great way to start off the weekend!
belly dancing before work. ive missed this workout #BOMBAY!!!!
It's funny how fake girls are always looking for a real man.. lmao
Those bugs better stay off your car! LOL. RT lol so I can drive all the way home and get the rest of the bugs!
Glad we could make your night. :)
I was going to call it ironic. Although they were probably going for that.
Twitter is so fucking lame now..........
Happy Launch Day!!! Thinking of you and hoping today is smooth sailing. Big hugs!! Must connect in person soon. :-)
Headed to Tucson for world junior diving chmp.
I wish had almond milk...and original (not vanilla like the soy they use)...
:( His loss....10 new followers will take his place!
Isn't re-purposing architecture a funny business?
Is anyone from the #DPLA techdev group going to #Code4LIb? Is anyone going to code4lib interested in techdev for DPLA?
wondering what my students use as their go-to database ? Google, MLA, LION, MUSE, JSTOR, EBSCOhost?
modeling was a lotta fun earlier (: considering i was like shaking the entire time aha. i'm horrible in front of tons of people.. :S
Sounds like my everyday. I need to change jobs. Immediately.
glad you got your phone back :)
is a BUSINESS and they respond to whoever screams LOUDEST/MOST-Get people on your side and THEN YELL!
...I'm letting you guys decide. Does this bobblehead look like the real Backstrom, or is it an imposter?
" Im in a long line in walmart #yolo "«« lol wtf
I hate my stupid ass phone
I'm done! Period Point Blank! Whoopin' ass over the summer!
can't wait to make this thanks for sharing
I wish the rest of them could be more like Liam :'( and I knowww! selling tickets a year in advance is RIDICULOUS
Great, are you gonna do anything awesome?
Just a thought to all of the "occupy DC" people!! Don't get near the roadways at rush hour - DC drivers are crazy!! Don't get in their way!!
Watching "Person of Interest" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
s[hes] br[ok]en be[cause] s[he] be[lie]ve[d]
Damn why isn't tumblr working -.-
While I'm a fan, I must respectfully disagree. As a DC Fireman I must say Go CAPS!
Streamers and Confetti. Really? LOL
The drinking age should be 18 " if I'm old enough to serve, I'm old enough to be served" plain and simple
IM DYING.... FOLLOW ME!
Founded in 1898, the Eagles fund research in areas such as diabetes, heart disease, kidney disease and cancer.
Happy PI day
Take care of yourself, sir. I'm sending good vibes your way.
C'mon Unicorn...
haha, yep. That would be the guy.
its not even my birthday
Game time! Let's go Celtics!!!
Ron Paul
So sad to hear about Steve Jobs.
I cant stand closed minded people
Thanks for the follow , let us know if there is anything we can do! Were located just down the street in
hacked my twitter
Looking for amazing staff in No. VA area starting Tuesday, need full contact info, exp. and more ASAP. Please send to
Not at all!
Wow...that was a fumble fans.
i should rescind my tweet...let's just chalk that one up as user error :P
half off saturday at goodwill. just got over 20 hardback books for about $6. day made :)
NO RT : “: would you take Braylon at a discounted price?! Be honest”//I'm thinking yes.
Sure is! I wasn't a fan but I'm coming around haha
A layer of high thin clouds not quite blocking the sun but putting thin sunglasses over it
thanks for the add!
lol see u tomorrow babe
i am!
do you seriously live in florida
They say that #love is forever, your forever is all that I need.
Oh. ": anytime, anyplace lol..."
Sweet scoop by Craft
oh haha #sucksforyou but now you have sasha so it's all good ;)
NW children of the corn
Spent the whole day just sending emails to cast/crew... Just realized it's 11:30! I don't remember the sun going down. Or eating...
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED is trending worldwide!!! lets get it to the topp!!!!
let me know how that goes haha
Wow... Gotta feel for Derrick Rose
#RT FOR A BUG FAT SHOUTOUT, I FOLLOWBACK MUST BE FOLLOWING.
BREAKING -- Supporters of #marijuana legalization finally have the signatures to get on Nov. ballot. Will be called Amendment 64.
Congrats Raymond! RT : I have never been more excited to engage in school and coursework! Can't wait!
thanks for following us. Hope you get a chance to check out our LOCAL SF film, DEFAULT: The Student Loan Documentary.
Or then there's my friend, Prosberg.
why isn't my voicemail not set up.. #iphoneproblems ughh
I hate commercials. Like there is a commercial then the show for not even 5 min ad a commercial again
I wish I could do that with my cat but she'd never let me and she'd look like a rat bc she's so skinny under there.
Swear I'm gonna be a super hero when I grow up.
ALL THE TIME
Thank you Jon Stewart and John Oliver for your segment on Unesco.
Guess I'm going to bed since Bel Ami on-demand is not working on my TV. Way to ruin the party
i am cool
Yeah - no more 10PM mochachinos for me!
shit is about to go down
or worse
So glad you had a good time - rest up & get ready for another great one at
|#quotes Successful enterprises are usually led by a proven chief executive who is a competent benevolent dictator.
What's your favorite genre of music?
I do know nunboutu (future voice)
Genes how -- as in the biological imperative to have body fat for lean times, or an "obese gene"?
Out to watch the ball game with my bro! Let's GO Badgers!
Similar in conceit but not as skillful.
Ohio smells like badussy.
Marta plays for Buffalo. No way they were going to win.
Glad I get to go a whole day without changing into a gym uniform
I love working with ! Doing amazing things!
#JesseCampbell just put me into WORSHIP!!!!
Putting shit in peoples room , what is this a 3rd grade sleep over
Had a fantastic birthday week with all my friends! Now for a busy week of work!
Lmfao my family is a mess
Lunch would be great. Let's DM next week, work out the details.
The funny thing is, you're responsible for about 1,200 of them.
I think they mean "I am no longer a man" and "SmeTFU."
Sterling Moore you gotta be kidding me!
will u get me 100+ followers plz
What part of florida are you in ? cause my friend wants too meet youu ;o
hahah well you do know
the new Dallas tv show generation is not believable. they don't even have a north texas accent ya'll
Visit our web site for new completed uploaded project pictures now in our gallery
sending proposals not working ... and sending support requests is broken as well!
C# - We are seeking a developer to join the team of developers with one of our top clients. This candidate will be working primarily with C…
lol I don't know if Thr people you added in the #FF are ready for my Emotional twitter vomit.
The public history of modern art is the story of conventional people not knowing what they are dealing with. - Golda Meir
Who are you? What does your brand stand for? What do you want customers to take away from the experience? ..Don't know? What are you doing?
Pope Joy hall violin recital.
I guess screwing things up is my specialty.. Cause i do it a lot.
RT : "Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, live the life you imagined." - Thoreau
Nigga fingers are going to fall off. Watch.
wow! This is a cool day for you! May I ask why song?
when i am in crafty moods i can spends hours in hobby lobby. They always have great sales on things
Ben don't be rude.
where are you from?
I turn 21 this Sunday I'm shaking this whole weekend woot woot :-)
thats crazy... i wonder how freaked out the girl giving the lap dance must have been. lol
we believe our products would be great addition to your product line!
is a thought leader in social commerce, gret presentation at Adobe social media week event
lost 40lbs on the #bizzydiet I've been on phase 2 for a couple months now and still loosing weight but need to lean up more
#prom2012 was so much fun with !!!
I look and feel like I just had my ass beat in the middle of a forest. Absolutely worth it. What an amazing night. Perhaps I should sleep.
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT
Listen to those who have vision rather than ramblings of personal preferences. Innovation starts with just words.
About to hop in the shower 👌
summer tour m
Need a Blue Book for an exam??? BookHolders has tons of them and they are only 40 cents! Come grab 'em before your exam!
(2/2) Salmon and egg yolks are a great source. And probably won't be on your Thanksgiving dinner table, so eat em now!
#followme #follow #horror #movies Follow me and I will follow you :)
yes yes come visit!!!
it's true, pretty soon no one will remember the days when you could sever an artery on a sharp metal chair arm
The third floor porch caught my eye, then the keyhole window. Must have been sweet in its prime.
"All great achievements require time." - Maya Angelou
I mean Sports Clips. “: SmartClips on Forest Drive, across the street from Yumilicious. Get the face rub. #baller”
yeah, that's it! I can't wait to sit down and read it.
Come see us at Iriving plaza nyc! Saturday Jan 15th 2011 tickets going to sell out fast so get on the pengwagon people!
Guys, I haven't forgotten about this page. I've been overwhelmed with work lately, but I hope to resume updates soon. :D
Is there a public talk associated with this visit? Would love to attend if so.
MABL Finals deciding Game 5 begins at 8PM tonight at Breed JHS in Lynn. Cutters vs. Grays. Ample seating. Come on down!
What does a shower or liquid nitrogen have to do with destaling Cheerio's? Watch of 's 13 talk:...
Oh my!
No, once upon a time, Kerry Wood was Steve Woodard ;)
is a bitch
Heading to Medina NY for Uncle Bill's birthday. (with Sarah)
Stopped thinkn bout what I didn't have and start lookn at what I do have
Romeny just overheard - "what do I f*ing need to do to win an election in America" ps I sure do love America ps2 O beautiful...
Got a Chemistry exam coming up ,wish me luck guys !!
Being with you made my whole night ! >
Why is my brother sewing buttons?
For everyone saying picks 7-11 have been reaches, remember that the talent dropoff after 6 was pretty big.
you may want to include a line about walking/ standing/ texting in bike lanes. Bike lanes are live traffic lanes too.
RT : Maniac: A bit 80s pop & a little campfire rock. Sorta what Kay Kay might sound like if they ditched the Vaudeville...
yes so re-re-re-readable.
You guys are definitely one of my favorites and everyone should be listening to the awesomeness that is !
Movie idea: Lil Wayne quits rapping/skating and becomes a borscht belt comedian. Meets Adam Sandler, doesn't know who he is.
i want clothes!
I'm all for hippies- but for real, if you stink take a shower before you board the cta
- you're old fashioned.
um let's see YHE STORE!
Good morning Lakeview! Umbrellas required. Be safe. Be warm.
RT Pepps!Vote YES to merger! Reject rumors. Our earned pensions are protected by Federal Law in a merged union:...
where half way to 2012 man time sure goes fast
Whats up? Who tryin to chill? Word.
I love summertime, cause I love all the parties. Finishing kegs, and crushing bottles of Ricardi.
you know it!!
You're supposed to say "and that's why there's only half a bottle left ;)". PG13 is overrated and boring.
Thanks! All the parts are there (more or less), but I've got some serious writing and rewriting to do in the next few months.
just drafted Stephen Hill at 2.08 in a rookie/FA Draft. Liking how things are turning out so far!
Send some food this way.
Dreams are extremely important. You can't do it unless you imagine it ~ George Lucas
hey ho get on yo corner!:D
yep, where r ur seats?
I bet "bradpitt" and "sith" send more people to pay their 99¢ than any other words.
O. It's more tempting now.
Gross! I think the beer I bought is stale. Have y'all had issues with that liquor store on Artimage and California?
People will hate on you ALL the time, use it as motivation, at the end of the day they're just jealous of your success
makes this session fun with his cool stories at
I found the references to Liberty, Indiana in tonight's Sherlock to be rather odd. Still a good episode.
I don't think they overvalued Yuni, think they saw him as replacement level. Same reason they didn't offer him a contract in 2012
same. I'm like what's up and introduce myself
I'm finna go too sleep
All food will be ball-shaped.
haha that should get you at least a BBQ'd shark and a bucket of beer :)
And the website crashed... #nyrr ::refresh::refresh::refresh::
Super Bowl champs play week 1 at home. 49ers play NYG in SF.
Facebook Friday and Billionaire's Weekend is coming >Steakhouses and car dealers take note.
poor kpass, taking you a whole 45 minutes today :-) I'll see you at 10ish
Um....thought you had the fortitude to resist this unrealistic garbage? :)
Nate Fletcher at my Rotary this morning saying he thinks UC tuition should be raised even more.
Really so far in this small place they have a Pappa Johns, Dominos, Pizza Hut, Pizza Express and like 2 r 3 other places
Thanks for following! We're looking forward to hearing about all the upcoming events in PHX & attending some as well :)
Currently handling 2 design emergencies, going to have to postpone going to market until tomorrow. BO!
Super jealous! RT : I can't believe #MuseumNext is so close, two weeks from now I'll be in Barcelona!
I am so hungry, what should I have for lunch today...hrm
bet they still charge u the price of a tall lol
Shout me out
no sweat bro. Cards fly @ 3pm, late reg 8 levels & full stack waiting
My quarterback's new contract is going to be a tough bone for some folks to chew on ;-)
Thanks for the oh-so-gracious welcome to twitter!
What are your plans for the holiday weekend? Tell me what your favorite San Diego activities are!
you are a Nigaga. Go ahead, look it up on urban dictionary you pussy willow.
Motorsports: Door-to-Door: Easter In this week's Six, Marty Smith writes about the power of hope NASCAR can bring fans, drivers with bad
say more. I just read it today (the review)
trying to figure out a good storyline for Emily Brown's music video "somewhere"... it is going to be amazing!
RT disneyszqe6 Mid-week in Virginia. Hate the drivers, feet hurt, but making good money. Hope I'm home soon. CantWa
Thought for Today: "Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it." - Irving Berlin, American songwriter
night and sweet dreams.
promoted to head counselor this summer
the ins and outs of supper's chest.. he'll only be a friend if he touches your breast.
Okay I guess we can wine and dine tonight and love eachother.. I'm down
people suck..take some time and hug some animals:-)
planned to do hw, ended up shopping on ebay, amazon, and scrolling through tumblr. damn you internet!
un que? RT Do you wanna buy a duck? ;D
I quit.
Werd. Should show you how to rip to apple lossless
I'ma whole special person
We lost our entire 7 am rundown about 15 mins. before the show. Fox 6 Wake Up crew knows how to hustle! We're still on the air, kudos crew!
go fuck with your other "boyfriend"
The first person selected as the Time Magazine Man of the Year - Charles Lindbergh in 1927.
Looking forward to #rcgc2012 today. pros are designing a database for
NEW OBSESSION with no streaming! www.playlist.com
has to be the one on the right!??
Do you wanna come dance with the big bad wolf? [ No! ] Its okay, the other two pigs said no too!
Great presentation about cutting through the BS in social media.
Sports updates? Please!
shout out to my ceramics class?!
#Backinelementaryschool sara richards got that good good
Call me, anyone. If you have my #. I decide whether to answer or not.
rocking it out with strobe two nights in arrow!!
the one you said a minute ago g.u.c.
I hope you have the Aquanet ready for hair band Friday.
RT : Congrats Lindsay! RT Congratulations Member of the Year!!! <<< THANK YOU!
Just watched tase on youtube ! Freaking hillarious !
Not the Chicken Dance! LMAO!
The Rage are still looking for Sponsors for the 2012 season. Please email to inquire about our sponsorship options
