California, chante, you stay.
great!!! I am out I high school!!
RT : Retention specialist at Benedict College reminded students that “Your attitude determines your altitude”
Thanks for sharing!
Happy Thursday my back pain is still here but not as debilitating as it has been hopefully Yoga will help knock this out! Happiness is Yoga!
LOL, how right you are! Greetings from the west.
<----- gurrrrllll my ass is now gonna go to sleep! my weekend starts now! #NonNormalPeopleJobs LOL
We knew the rental market is the worst ever, at 2% vacancy rates in Madison, but 25 craigslist responses in 3 hours to a sublet post! Wow.
in Seattle for the home opener!
Good Morning! "Sprinkle of Greatness" mixtape Feat. Tex of Tex & Rook coming Feb. 2012!!
Somebody better meet me at my house with a case of beer tomorrow
So much for the mercy rule.
you're beautiful :D
My copy of THE RECIPE PROJECT just arrive, courtesy of Looking forward to cooking & listening simultaneously!
turning a 20 minute presentation on QR codes into an hour and a half presentation . . . any suggestions?
and I really like watching that :-) !!!
just for that I'm rootin for the Mavs!
My friday. Lets go
push FORWARD!!!! Iam trying to push Ganksta Enterprize to that nxt level!!!
I would love to know when the Biom drops here stateside. Delofted would love to do a review!
“: My goodness! Just stumbled across you on with ur Crazy Possessive video. My, how you've changed lol!” Yes indeed!
Ion Wanna Talk If It's Not Dealing Wit You Paying Me!
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: Finn McCool's - Pub (live updates)
This has not been a very competitive day of #CFB so far
#wordoftheday Steelers Scuttlebutt : Mike Wallace has no intention to sign 1 year tender! Plans holdout! - Thanks Albie!
RT Great meeting you all at
See what happens when you rebound? You get on a fastbreak
do you bring your creativity, passion, & soul to work? Why/why not? Do these conversations take place at your work?
good luck.
hah! IT IS hilarious!
graduated from 15 today. ima miss them fools .. esp.
Guarantee Ill always no da deal, real niqqa wassup.
People still do Follow Fridays? I guess I'm all contrarian and borderline hipster for not doing them...
Post-Great Recession Downtown Houston at night is SCARY.
"The scariest thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you" -The Notebook
Phil Humber just threw a #PerfectGame!!'
Why is that??? RT No More UCM for Me.
Thank you Kathleen!
Amazing-The Nation's 10th Pres., John Tyler, was born on this date in 1790.One of his grandchildren is alive & well, and still plays tennis!
created (low-volume) listserv for DC-area security events. to subscribe, send blank email to .georgetown.edu
Till your heart find a home, I won't let you feel alone cause baby I'm with you<3
how many times can i listen to "timebomb" by the old 97s today?
it's all good(: just get it off your mind think of idk maybe rainbows ahahahha whtevr make u happy(:
Up Set.
Please "like" my ART facebook page. Like art? Me too.
will you follow me please!!!
Pretty good. I was thinking that some terms/processes may need to be "dumbed down" 4 people who may not be familiar w the topic
u can follow back sexy?
YaY HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
#SHA2012 mean game if histiric marbles in lobby.
Sorry about the RTs haha I'll delete them after today
We need to fix injustices not unravel our country.
who want my number
There's only ONE highly illogical reason why gays aren't able to get married: Religion. Open your mind!
Always disappointed by 'homeless/hungry' folk who ask for money to get to shelter or for food, make excuses when offered a ride or food. smh
I love when I can't sleep.
ABQDIRECTV thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Thanks for mentioning us.
Bolowitz?!?!?!?! They couldn't have come a little closer in Cyrillic?
watch us win haha
MY MAMA WAS A TEACHER 4 OVER 40 YRS & A GR8 WIFE 2 MY LATE FATHER HAPPILY FOR 38 YRS & BECAME A MINISTER
What's Gucci?
I haven't tried hoot suite since I switched from the droid to my iPhone. I'm going to check it out
"Today you have been anointed CSO- Community Store Organizers"
um...i do cuz i want a green bay pic for my background and i dont have any pics in my labtop yet...can i download straight..
Warm milk for a soar throat.
pile on, who!!! Just like old times.
it's so sad driving past the cemetary and looking at all of the mom's sitting in the baby section..
I got my money way up this time it dnt make nosense...GOD came thru in a big way i desever this tho..Yeeeeeeee
I would travel more by #bus if the companies wouldn't think that an aggres. sweet smell throughout the bus would be a good idea.
RT : Just about to sign licensing agreement for Alexander Street Press to house my scores for academic research and study. More...
SWEAR that's what I ordered LOL (and calamari lol)
smooth, but I think. In June, or May
I didn't say it was your fault. I said I was going to blame you!
Running a on my BlackBerry. Brb!
Strauch: "No tragic event or anything occurred that day that would cause you to drink that much." Bronson agrees.
“: What's 4 diner?”I'll just take meat
Its official. Its hot guys at Walmart Day!
The problem with being so happily married is that you're miserable when he's gone. Come home soon !
jk i got it
MUST★★Follow my friend
It's All About You Magazine is now on twitter, follow us here please RT
Anyone who calls themselves a guru is an idiot.
he got cancer again
Thanks for this, she always has great lessons and tips.
In the good words of my best friend "IT'S OPENING DAY!!!!!" or "BrOPENING DAY!!!"
Beautiful day in Charlotte to start 2012. We all hope you have a fantastic year!
#OneofMyFavoriteMovies Sweet Smell of Success with Tony Curtis
#WeWereCoolUntil wait a minute im still cool nothing changed and nothing will
My goal is to help #SpreadTheWord and protect other customers from the #FRAUD is committing. | #clear |
Please do! I'm in doggie withdrawal!
My 5th grade boyfriend's off color comments on Facebook make me uncomfortable.
hey, thanks for the follow!
Props for Monday event!! RT : Shout out for such successful event cc
that sounds like an imposter Mexican to me.
Enjoy your tea! How have you been? Photographing the music and Fetish scene here in Phoenix - need to send you a link of pix.
His men sang. "Hooker is our leader, He drinks his whiskey strong." #Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle/Amazon
ok well let me know so we can hang!! :)
just had Levis Jeans audition! I felt so model-ly! :) New headshots look fab! Can't wait to post them! Another Casting Workshop tonight!
pshtttt....you're cute. and I have a feeling you're going to read this shortly :D
I'm making it.what about you?
It was Jacqueline Kennedy's world!
What do and think about this?
I want to kiss and cuddle with hes a sexy dude and is very attractive!! I want him to be my twitter husband is it ok!!
I ment good night ha :p
That long awkward caride silence after arguing in the car with your mom.
A 20 yr old boy hits on you, you let him down nicely. His next move!? Asks if you'll buy him beer.
hahaha!!!! Oh no!! Lol. Sean got a kitty. He's so cute he only weighs 2 pounds.
Plays posted today from 85 cappers and 3 NBA consensus from their pks that are on a 23-7-1 run last 12 posted days...See ya the window
IF YOU NEED GRAPHICS FOR THE LOW, HIT ME.....IM WORKING ON STUFF NOW!
LyleTrush said : Hi Helena. Nice website I like how your gallery is laid out. Your work it's very creative!
unless you are drinking from a big mug, you'll have to find me. ;-)
That is low
So sad to hear of Whitney Houston's passing... RIP
and if you get too elitist we'll bop you one;)
Can someone help me get more followers..awkward everyone has like thousands of followers and i don't even have 200! follow me
It's internallocus.com ...just been up for about three days now.
also. You want to see something funny? Go to YouTube type in "Grandson gets brain freeze"
Would you like free promotion? Email me at
Doing the half with a group of friends! RT : Who all is #running the next month?
“Yoga doesn’t take time, it gives time.” - Ganga White
Whew! It took a few days but I have finally caught up with posting Bingo pics from the past few weeks.. enjoy!
SICK DUDE
cash out
“: How's Drew Henson these days? ” still being the best quarterback ever.
Please RT: On my Brian P. Cleary FB fan page, I've got a contest going to win a FREE signed children's book today!
My poor puppy. :(
What a brilliant day! Everyday there is something new to learn and grow. Now time to unwind.
RT ": If you don't know me, you shouldn't talk about me like you do #IAintMikeJones #KeepMyNameOutYourMouth"
I must admit -- #Gemini's are fucking awesome.
Lots of crazy-making happening on 's B Stage during 's second mix day!
In fact, it's not.
if you typed it, you said it BOOM
lol!! yes ma'am here I am <3
BLue Mountain State>>
Thank you! :) Yeah, I don't do Twitter as much anymore.
I don't like the Brooks fit long term either but would sign him for 1 yr to see if you could deal him at the deadline.
Hey Rick, you have an email I can contact you at?
There will be a test at the end of the election RT What I learned tonight: How to spell Nunnelee
Tris...we miss you. Hope you are having a blast!!!!!
is an interesting person to follow!!!
"When I was a little girl I wanted to win an Oscar. This is way better." Susan Rice, Naturita Community Library 2011 LJ Best Small Library
Mine too!! I spent all my money lol!
And our EP is free for the listening and $3 for the taking on interstates.bandcamp.com
Okay, thanks. It's my first time teaching the survey and I'm a 17th century lady. I appreciate the advice.
Goal 'o the week is to better understand near field communication and the potential for use in public library settings. Talk to me books.
my cousin is really pissing me off!!!!!! get her outta my face!!
i dont hate on no one they all crack me up i think there what make the class lol!
likewise & thanks! Take care.
"A mind free from all disturbance is Yoga." - The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali
me Alex and Peyton are the same age. Austin is younger. All of them r cute and talented, they deserve this popularity :^)
Yeahh, Virgo :D
I miss having a crush on boys who can read and write properly, but at least they're pretty.
Every #Crew96 advert/graphic/promo with a player on it that I've seen in the last 2 weeks has Eddie Gaven and Barbasol on it.
I am determined to accomplish something today. Introduction to Collection Management & Development , you're doomed.
I enjoyed lunch too! Definately HH next time! See you tomorrow at
The laundry,dishes,the more laundry stare at me in disgust while I hide behind my friend, MAC.
thanks for the RT :)
indeed. Her amazing journey has been pretty cushy so far.
Good luck! :)
How is everyones start to the brackets?
Oh, thanks. I'll check it out.
Persona 4: The Golden - The PokéCommunity Forums
I will have to try this exotic fruit. Wish me luck.
I leave for Nashville in 3 weeks. I'll work spring training starting march 2nd in maryvale, then work the season at Nashville.
Have fun in NYC and good luck at the new job at Mother. Mikey told me you were hired there. Both Mother and NY are great!
not yet. Couple more weeks.
. just brought the office cupcakes from
Its "hip".
smart move Becky! Lol
Brand new me this summer :D
Alfonzo Dennard is a massive pick at this juncture. But there was a time when drafting people arrested resulted in their release
Los Alamos fire news conference now
Really tired
watch the come up shorr, u see ima supporter...gotchu my nig
Michele McLaughlin is amazing ❤
A girl worth kissing isn't easily kissed.
throw your hands in the aya I'd you's a true playa..and buggy? Lol
did you find it?
Well, yeah, I have a lot of concerns about the human condition. Velour being a socially acceptable fabric continues to climb the list.
Settle down green
Ah. I never lost so many friends from FB..
let's shoot!
for training this morning! Tonight we have 1830-1930 Boxing 1930-2030 Kickboxing No BJJ tonight as Gabriel is in Brazil
Hang in there! I found a kitten in shrubs outside my house - dumped? V socialized but had fleas & worms. (YUCK). I'm keeping her. :)
Jennifer Weiner rightly complains about sexist attitudes towards women writers then tweets she'll be live blogging the Bachelor tonite. Huh?
don't hurt yourself rolling on the floor please
hahaha so serious right now
just had dinner with Leon Spierer, concertmaster for the for 26 years (!) under Herbert von Karajan!
I can't talk to people who don't use emotional faces. Shieeet,
#espngameday signs will include ""If a older woman loving younger men is a cougar, is an older man loving younger boys a Nittany Lion?"
Winterhawks tie WHL finals - The Spokesman Review
Have you ever sat back and wondered how many times has read some of your tweets in his timeline, but just never RT'd them?
Did you get your 'e-brief' newsletter from Boutique Design? They are featuring MP art in the next issue!!
just dm me ur name info. im calling rose tours as we speak.
can't wait to pick it up!
I want to thank you Steve for all the lessons you taught me. They were hard but definitely worth the pain.
Tough one, I would say Harvard Yard & One Charles. recently profiled them both on her blog.
not all scrapple was created equal: www.westcoastscrapple.com
same here my g-ur beats inspire me to make my beats bang harder!
fine.. i'll do that.
How does Burger King afford to have all these celebrities on their commercials? Does anyone still go there haha?
Customer Intelligence is ’s biggest product launch in its history via
Torn acl on right knee for Mariano--likely out for season -- Exit the Sandman ;(
": Whats daughter's twitter??? I'll tell her ass too! Lmao" lmao ! u ready to go H.A.M. !
Thank you, it was, it totally made my day!
Specyphi tonight at Bogarts we go on at 8pm doors open at 7pm. Only 5bucks or 4bucks with a canned good. Specyphi what you believe.
they're crazy this season. The whole AL East is flipped
are me and keann the only people who think tyga is sexy lol
Yup sure was. I miss JJ as Blazer
Drinkin in Social Problems. #LifeIsGood with
OMG OMG OMG, when are you gonna have another single? I cant wait till you have your own album. <3
Awww, you're the most awesome husband ever! What a funny way to start my day! LOL!
ok fine, 24 hours what day?
?? BHD ": My FB keeps putting the #AwkwardBlackGirl avi over the NBC weatherman's avi. what is going on?
Thanks! What a nice note. :)
I swear everytime bosh score he end up dreulin
I found useful information in mine -- opt out instructions on the first page. (Opt out form response: "We'll contact you soon")
hoping to find and connect w/ innovative educators in your field. Share resources, best practices and ideas. Pick me!!
I find this adorable.
smh at him.
Still need to get my service hours !! D:
Everything has beauty
I LOVE #SaySomething ! ITS AMAZING!<333
you're such a girl :)
okay man w.e don't see me I've notice you just like to lie to me all the time -.-
love that! Questions that don't require prior knowledge, but get to key themes of exhibition.
Did you get our email announcing the 2012 APU Fringe & 24 Hour Festival?
New Rules for Conducting E-Discovery in Delaware Federal Court
OMG.I just heard " Turn To You" this song can make me cry .. ;(( ♥♥♥♥♥
Welcome to more of my yoginis!!! Thank you to Tina, Liz and Jennie for stopping by! Rock OM! : )
The greatest Prophetic demonstration is your love for God's people
We're number 10 on the ReverbNation Singer Songwriter charts for Atlanta, GA. Would love to have you become a fan! Pls stop by!
Time to catch up with Secret World of Arriety.
I start my day everyday by thanking God!
Off all the fun things to do in life, I like to - is my boyfriend!!
back? I never went anywhere
What time are the IAWTV awards streaming tonight? I can't find the info on the website or Youtube channel.
I'm wondering if my mom is getting me that icecream cake..#goodnight :)
Waiting for my second wind to kick in.
Hello and happy #FF to you! Yes, reading is helping me to "stay calm and carry on" amidst the chaos :)
Chillin with my cousin
settle down with me.
Good Morning
a delightful student group from the district of just dropped off veteran interviews. Thanks for your participation!
I fucking love life right now<3
Taylor Gang or hop on a stage with Kanye in the audience.
Canada!(: I've always wanted to go to Mexico!! It's so warm there!!! :D
If you live in the berea school district, please vote for the levy!!
Touch Back From Woodhead. Brady passes to Gronkowski. for a gain of 7. 2nd and 3.
I need a free personal trainer. I been lacking motivation and money.
thank you very much for including me!
If you were in Cleveland up by Canada yeah that happens lol
Oh, red eyed fly, one of the first places i ever drank underage <3
Over/under on Mitch Brown strikeouts today??? I'll go with 11.
Johnny Bravo's on!
your dog is a cutie :)
TY. I needed advice like that this morning
i love you co hosting they should have u on more often :) ps your brother's gna be hurting tonsills out as an adult is roughVERY
RT this for all the young athletes selected in the #nfldraft. Lives will be changed forever tonight. Congrats!
It actually looks kinda neat, but all the kids I saw were crying! www.dinosaurlive.com
I wish you cared.
Show me, Dont tell me.
I need to get on my tumblr more often...
why do people care when jobs claims are down. people aren't looking, that's why
lol he was asking me to much questions -.-
5/10: Navigating and tweeting not good companions. More later!
that would be interesting. I don't have the time or resources to take that on.
Thanks for the info! RT : #OccupyBurque will meet for a General Assembly tonight at 6:00 at Yale Park to decide what to do.
Time to change that zipcode, j/p. The cops stay on my block.... Arghhh
The police department would investigate crimes involving rape.
yes man? Wtf is that supposed to mean?
How many exclamation points are you allowed to use before your Twitter account is suspended?
I only counted as they came in. It's well over 100!!
I give you 15 minutes, tops.
And I think I just heard gunshots.
Sex ....but only when the right
#IThankGod that he is my way maker time after time after time after again.
UnderGround Starts Back Up TONIGHT @ 8pm!!! will be preaching tonight.
Rock on, always sounding amazing!
Many of you are afraid of spirits of dead people. One day, they also will become a spirit of a dead person after they die.
your company's twitter account has been hacked. Got a spam msg. FYI. Change password.
lol. moms rock!!!
I liked i'm Roc Steady
Ur welcome can u follow me
At the same time, becoming a great customer service rep and lead generator for a client=very rewarding/motivating
I think cars should be made of GIANT pillows. That way, when we crash, we won't die
Note to self...Don't order the chicken! lol
LOL! No more near death experiences preferred.
- Follow 'Gandhi's Thoughts, Quotations, Philosophy, Photographs, Videos'
"Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there." —Will Rogers rt
nice meeting you:*
i know im way off the topic right now but uhh Starrreeeeeeeeeeeeewe O.o
if that is true, I will cry! :(
Where your hair on the side at though?
Yes. Yes. Yes!
Blonde or brunette? Obviously blonde.
Now that Cal's won the title, the last thing he wants is a vacation...
Dude. Ride a bike.
My mom told me I'm the driver of my own life. So all you back seat drivers, shut the fuck up!
Ordering coffee at Dunks and dancing because What Makes You Beautiful came on the radio... Lmfa only me
I'm on my #UNCLERUCKUS mode right about now told step on dez hatin niggas and wipe yo nikes on a nigga hatin let's get it
band camp c:
love it
feeling some ben and jerrys today
#HEYU keep doing that
Cheese Is Like A Mouse. Bricks Are Like The Three Little Pigs House. Eating Food Is Like A Fat Lady Eat Cheeseburgers In a restruant to.
Fuck Steve blake!
Pissed off again<<<<<<
Looks good. Having great sound is so key in those situations.
DT next board mtg Oct 10? that's a saturday
Congrats on a wonderful season Victor. You make all Boricuas proud bro.
that sounds dope
bell how are you ? :)
Overheard at #SCIP2012 Fellows dinner by retiring Council Chair Mark Little: "it's been a pleasure touching you digitally the past 3 years"
costa rica! i actually have a t-shirt that says "no-army costa rica." moving there is such a good idea.
Since the term "midget" is offensive, Our Hero suggested they be called "half-Gassers." Sadly, "little people" gained more acceptance.
Licorice: satisfying our desire to eat flavored plastic.
Loove Fridays! I get to take a rest.
I need to attend another electro music festival asap
Every one has that one secret
Can't believe I am missing the Champions league game! Who made my silly travel plans? Oh, yeah...me. Go Chelsea
i didn't wake up dead... the world is still here :D
Feel like driving around South Carolina.. no destination .. just driving ... packing up the family and off we go :-)
#ReasonsToLoveTexas = Rocky's Tacos
Enough of that though
Super-saturated: the scientific term for the berries that have been submerged in your drink. See also: super fruit.
- For love of God...or the man/woman who has everything??
": Dont Lose Who You Are."
“When I work, and in my art, I hold hands with God.” -Robert Mapplethorpe
pre ordered my cd last week! So excited (:
everyone should quit cigarettes and compensate with marijuana.
motivation is key !
My dream included: -Joining the royal marines -Climbing an entrance tree -Riding giant reptilian chickens. Am I doing too much VFX?
Holy shit. Hinkse just went crazy.
hmm ok and what if I'm lacking anything to pull up on lol...I really want to focus on my triceps
the one for sale on the boat was shot by sixman. My shot will be posted by Not sure if they are gonna sell prints
Sometimes I can't even force myself to ask the question why because that word is too basic & that question isonlyworthyofonewordedanswers.:)
Studying up for the Derby.
Is it sad that some bitches look better in pix making mustaches for themselves with their hair smh
If you see something, say something ... and we'll do, nothing...
I will never take sleeping or eating for granted ever again!
I will be very sad if Vegas falls through :(
really really, im on my way to Jack Rabbits, find me and we'll talk!
I have so much respect for all at #occupysf right now. Thank you for convening in a nonviolent way to speak up for those who can't. Be safe.
Get a slice of lime and some bitters. Or just have someone scare you.
Happy Friday!
NBA BIG playing Mobb Deep's "SHOOK ONES" for their commercial? You know Ron Artest had something to do with that...
thnk u Sterlin! Hope all is good!
Pretty impressive Steve... but my neighbor is tops. I'll post photos soon My neighbor puts the Griswald's to shame.
Yeah, i love i always watch the morning show. I love kim christonson too and kathy sabine.
Hahahah my teacher say all days : YOU DON´T HAVE TO TALK and I just think I´m sorry muhahahhahahahahahahha
I know a lot of kids that went to college for a year, none of them are making anywhere close to millions. Same kids making 1ndone remarks
That sounds like a plan!
Climbing is my new stress reliever 💪
Archer... The fat receptionist Pam I believe
u lead me on a lot...yet again...i do the same...soo ill shut up now.lol
Is The best and pet friendly.
#Bigbangtheory is a great show! Sheldon makes big bang theory the funniest!
- I appreciate the Retweet fam! I see you grindin
when dean became a wimp, his sensitive side was pretty sexy <3
Good job, Brewers!
ive been good could be better and in the dumps sometimes but still getting there thanks for asking hows your life?
Had a great night sleep. Time to shower and go to breakfast with my favorite before our final show for Bye Bye Birdie!
We're answering your #facebook timeline questions. As a studio owner, what do you want to know about the new timeline?
u right too
OK I NEED SUM ENTERTAINMENT IM DOWN
i STILL have yet to hear you play....
Nice to meet you sir!
Watching and they're showing fish tacos. Never had any interest in trying one....now I do.
Some nights I wish I had someone I can hold on to
Got an extra #smashingpumpkins ticket. Anyone need one? $40
movie stars: throw up for 10 seconds, wipe their mouth, done. me: throw up for 10 seconds, see my throw up, and throw up again for 20 min.
Clocking in to !
All day, all night, DJ MALIK(: xx
refs giving bullshit hometown calls? I never heard of that before. LOL
Me, too... :/ RT Have already had to restart Outlook 3 times today, hope this isn't a prediction of how the day will go...
or follow the link for instructions
I now know all about Spider 3 Wide Banana thanks to #grudenqbcamp. Lovin it. #nfldraft J E T S
True, great book. RT : that would be because "The Social Life of Infomation:" is one of the best books, ever, on learning...
Just needed to hold Will up a bit longer!! RT : Super proud of and the steps he's made this season so far!!
Maybe alert your performers before you cancel? Thought you got hacked!
in Pb with an amazing Pittsburg sandwich all the way. #delicious with hot bebe
Ah so tired, but so many things to do now!
THIS WEEK'S DEAL: Save 33% at New York Conservatory of Dance
Austin, TX bound!!!!
That was a ringer--Braintree is astonishingly real! RT : Wait a sec... Braintree's not real?
Do some David Allen Coe - You Never Even Called Me By My Name for your boys at
my teacher seriously needs some lotion on her feet-.- *Hands lotion* my ft are smoother than hers. how sad-__-
Ok..Thank you!
I'm trying to figure out if I have an egg allergy....been feelin lousy. #Paleo #paleodiet Eggs repulse me right now!
St. Patty's Parade in downtown #milw tomorrow. Sad I'm going to miss it!
Happy Mother's Day to all Curtin mothers....may you have a wonderful, restful day!
Abandoned the iphone today
Thanks for following me as well cutie!
No hope no jobs no future. GOP is stalling.
Brooklyn here i come
Great article in "First Impressions Start at Parking Garages"
Keep randomly remembering hilarious things from Saturday night.
HAHA you're right...
Don't worry! I was just whining. (Couldn't you tell?)
That would explain the high number of NU sweatshirts then.
If doing something doesn't generate cash flow, opportunities, or visibility---what you're doing isn't business, baby.
Hmm, well I'll see. Maybe I'll sell my Hawks tix and use that money.
Lots of Tweets coming from Boulder courtroom. Love it!
CNN goes back 50 YEARS trying to hurt Romney. To the days when OBAMA was still a KENYAN.
is it even possible for giraff to trow up
Give my options not orders...
you always have me c:
how old would you say i look? most say 14. im still 12.
My chiropractor seems to always double book. Extremely annoying and kind of rude.
Fr BD may have been smacked too many times by Dolly Parton's head lamps, ipso facto distortions in his reality field :)
Another sleepy start to my day... BUT it looks like my #dharamsala plans are coming together! A couple more days and bookings will be set!
hehe spam both phones with the same message! I'm really overtired right now
#ripetomato to ibrary for keeping the #Princeton community so well informed and arranging programming for ALL ages!
Dan Dierdorf: Categorizing every NFL play as catastrophic, fortuitous or disastrous, since 1987.
My pleasure! Congrats on 2K!!!!
Jenni Jenkins Celebration Class tickets benefiting come out for a great memorial and support our NYC programs.
thanks. Excited about the opportunity.
sounds fantastic!!
not bad right? kind of appropriate. Gotta go down with the ship
awe sweet! Did the lemurs come in today? How is everything there in the sanctuary? :)
u r so lucky i got to wait till like 9 9:30 just to get some
Merry Christmas to you and your family. God bless and hope you heel soon
Nice to meet you and to learn about your work.
Spell your hero's name right! lmao J. J. Barrera is my hero.
You know you've settled into a new writing/training/cosulting gig when you obtain a library card within the new city in which you're working
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS #TEAM FOLLOW BACK #INSTANT FOLLOW BACK #TEAMAUTOFOLLOW #500ADAY #TFB #100ADAY X5
Hahaha true ill work on that! Plus I was watching Greys Anatomy!
okay II guess I'll go see it then
you dont know i am.. dont judge me like that.. in deepest my heart only you :).
What do the fans think? I know if I miss out on even 1 game I won't be watching for a long time and I have season tix to SD
RT if you're a #SocialMedia Addict!
Thank you kindly! Looking forward to your tweets!
Sorry, if you are a guy who owns an 'outfit' then just go ahead and tear up your mancard sweety.
Nap time until my sis get here
Apples 2 apples WI dead last on jobs. What will #WalkerFailure to do? Make up own numbers instead of actually creating jobs.
Random road trip to Memphis. Parents, do not fly your children on standby during Spring Break season. It just won't work.
Don,t be afraid to play near the bridge!..new "tight" sounds await!..dig in!
That's right Bibby!
I wanna dm u!
Is the 6th AMENDMENT to the USA CONSTITUTION (Right to a Trial by a Jury) the Vehicle to TAKE-ON Reducing HISTORIC-HIGH Incarceration Rates?
They must be ashamed! : Great crowd @ Victory Center in Franklin. Ran into my parents out delivering chocolate chip cookies!
Micah says the #Vikings horn sounds "creepy"
I nominate anyone but Davey Nelson for the new Brewers Radio Job.
Any of my SoCal girls staying in Anaheim after SMTown for the night?
There's a bat flying around the airport terminal. Really. Not a bird.
DM sent. Thank you again!
“: RT Mavs seriously OUT OF SYNC! #LetsGoMavs <out of control too BIGTIME.
I want a Cajun accent. So bad.
love getting mine done, going tonight!! :) cannot wait!
I will be doing a song with and be on the look out for it
There is some freedom when arranging hip hop, but its not a wide open universe
I'm not feeling so great, but will try to be at class regardless :(
Hahaha! I like best the stuff about what ad people have done at holiday parties. :-)
thank you for your support! I certainly will:)
A friend told me you should know someone for 4 seasons to really know who they are.
love you tooz
Aw!!! Love you!
i think you're twitter is broken because your still not following me!
School: six papers/projects due this week, 3 next week. so hard to tear myself away from twitter, #usrevolution &
Well good thing I'm going to that one also. Haha. Maybe I'll see you there!
Freedy Johnston - It's Gonna Come Back To You - 10:32 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I'm also bringing earplugs because knows how to get LOUD when theys wantsta get HEARD !
And, rightly or wrongly, it's SCOTUS that sets social direction of country these days, more often than Congress or White House.
If Pack don't base picks on need, why wait until last minute for trade offers before picking Rodgers? Wasn't he a "not need"?
That certainly isn't very nice!
3 Twollars to thank you for... running our Twibe!
I fux with lil wayne. Idgaf what yall say carter 4 was dope. I just hated the bonus tracks except for mirror ft. Bruno mars thats dope.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.-Mark Twain
A Huge thank You to all the Family and Friends who came to Lily's Party Yesterday! She had a blast! Many Blessings All.
i hate waking up this early
it is.. hold your head up!
Professor's true colors always come out at the end of the semester. Watched #InsideJob during intermediate micro.
Is he the only real relationship u had?
Thank you to the people watching my videos across the globe! Shout out to Australia, Europe, and even Canada.
+1? RT : Rockefeller's A to Q how much money is enough " just one more dollar". Same with #bigdata - "Just one more yottabyte”
Rack city bitch, rack rack city bitch.
Dewarren Moses #17 on Breakout Charts! Thanks to all the online radio stations that are playing my single “I Can’t Breathe”.
dang. If Hamels is getting $15 mill next year, DOC is underpaid.
#dh11 #alt-ac #altac Audience: what we give up is security. Valuable, but what can we do to deal with uncertainty?
Kayak Safety - Electric Bilge Pump
Me?:) : I feel like I should go out on a date tonight. Any takers?
Man, America looks stupid from 8,000 miles away.
Laughn at TeVontae drunk ass he tlking bout a damn burger nd some potatoes like wth
Last night I dreamed that was running for president. As a woman. That's what I get for falling asleep watching Castle.
“I can barely conceive of a type of beauty in which there is no Melancholy.”—Charles Baudelaire
people getting mad when people say #YOLO this is my twitter I say what I want to #YOLO ...... *justin voice*
Well I'd think unions would support the more union friendly (aka liberal) candidate, meaning the other is more moderate.
I've also apparently lost all capacity to not be visibly upset/frustrated at them
RT : i wanna lick the icing off ! i want dat
Sounds like it - she also had her 500th career strikeout tonight.
“: u tell me mr hollywood” there u go I been hiten u up u turned yo back on. Me homie..... :-()
we'd love to have you Tom. And thanks Ryan. :)
Attention academics conducting interviews... ProTip: If you have to chose, mic the interviewee, not yourself.
we texted until the morning,talking about 1D, and about things to do on pool xd
i taped the water hose in the sink when my mom opened the water fosit water sparyed on her
Thy bidding is done, my master. Reviewed and rated.
I'm sorry lol
what happened?
We are officially in #Milwaukee! Hope to hear from everyone soon!
: " I always enjoy when we work together... It is never a dull moment :)" - True that. :D
My flowers are wilting
<--follow now
no online poker :(
Everybody's waiting for you to break down. Everybody's watching for the fall out. Even when your sleeping, sleeping, keep your eyes open.
you're gorgeous. Just thought I'd let you know :)
Looking fwd to it. Shooting for June :)
why wouldn't I give a shout out to my fav. star of the Hills?
I only like one song
Thank you ... looks interesting concept.
Life is the train- not the train station.
iPhone autocorrect biffed my reply last night - it was great seeing you (not gray). Autocorrect has quite the sense of irony.
where is the list?
Light skin girls always be tryna act hard..
“Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.”-Og Mandino
The bathrooms are all out of order at the gym. Not cute. Need to go to the bathroom.
hi hi
Bittersweet, I guess. But still exciting to see it fly by.
Exciting day! Feel like I am watching a dream come true... One of many! #enoyingthe moment!
My hands hurt... is it SXSW yet?
All my follwers get ppl to follow me and I will get u a one way ticket to L.A
Not really bothered by it anymore. I got the Freaks on Deck!!!!
lol that's exactly why!!!
Not feeling your pain because it's not Monday here yet! hehe Just teasing. Hope your day gets better, sweetie!
I was into them before anybody!
Why does it have to rain
I wouldn't mind if IT won't, just cause MN is his trainer. Love him so much
Off to work I go...lets get it!!!
eating a meal without talking about another meal. Walking at any reasonable speed. yielding to pedestrians.
happy birthday
you get overly wasted at every jamboree
Killing The Kardashians
#TEDMED will televise to schools of medicine worldwide. Let's add Nursing! Via AACN support?!!!
I don't have a storefront so it would have to be when I'm outside the stadium before games.
Boston Loves what you do!! Keep up the good good and keep us laughing! Follow back Boston?
So the h.s that I got accepted to is FDR
Midwestern societal norms are such a buzz kill
Writing a newsletter
Is life a peace of shit that I dooky on litter?
by the day the majority of them are sending less experienced reporters to cover the NHL. (Continued)
don't fix what isn't broken!
3rd Ward vs. 5th Ward, the Trey vs. the Nickel, Yates vs. Wheatley...it's going down at Delmar Stadium!!!#let'sgowildcats
You mow your own lawn?! RT : Gotta mow the lawn for the first time of the season. Wonder if the old iPod still works?
Dang Parker!
I'm a singer and songwriter looking for producers to collaborate with!
Im not lazy, i just REALLY like doing nothing all day :)
true. would probably need to control for hotly contested local races too.
I enjoy the challenge of gaining one loyal follower at a time. Sure, there are ways to cheat, but slow and steady wins the race.
Hi there! Yes, good session and we're particularly interested in the firm's recent upgrade to 6x. thx!!
have fun in my hometown. if u are hanging with Jeen, say hi for me :)
..I know its gonna be FIRE tonight!!!..ha!
Oh and they announced my scholarships :)
Any Alpha Flight sightings?
nice. finna pick up a copy of the jb rework tonight. strong showing by the wb's
Twitter as instant messaging service.
U heard the lady everyone, try it! RT defeats #heartdisease defeats #pain & defeats depression. Clinically proven
Thank you for the mention! Hope you are enjoying your week!
Thank you!
I love that, and totally agree. Thanks!
Rainy Saturday movie date with Zak!
No justice it seems like right when I wanna go to bed my family turns into an episode of jerry springer trailor park edition stfu go to bed.
That's kind of funny
Please do not trademark royalty free images even if you incorporate as a part of your logo.
In Extremis => In the last agonies
I'm not pinterested either.
Most gripping trailer from Comic Con 2010 = The Walking Dead. Made for TV (AMC) and I'm not even a zombie fan. Looked freaky good.
Fireworks at 11 pm on a regular weekday, what's wrong with people!?
depends on how well you focus it :-)
I meant porn stars....
no wile'n out!!!
Wishes she remembered to Tweet.
String theory fricken rocked it!! Wow
Inspired to learn, and to shake things up!
love you mom. From good Ol
You know there were people getting yelled at because they were late and made their friends miss that 1st Rangers goal.
Getting up at 7am every weekday for 3 weeks <<<< I feel like I'm in high school again
Rt!! Absolutely. I grew up watching him on the "Pyramid" Game Show. :-(
looks like it was fun!!
Continuing our growth and looking to fill an e-Learning project manager position in Cleveland, Ohio. Email me if interested at dan…
Can anyone recommend a good GP in midtown or the UES?
If she likes to chat, tell her to try ! It's a really fun chat agent that lets people actually talk to each other :)
OH MY GOSH ♥ I JUST SAW U ON CHATROULETTEE ♥♥ Aw
Dinner with the boys
- why do you think the drop in phones for younger teens?
Best source for fast, reliable, local garage door repairs, new garage door installations, and emergency garage door service in Charlotte NC
feeling the fragility of life. love to all who are moving on.
Is your set at Bamboozle going to be same as the Pioneer tour or what?
I don't trust anyone. Even the devil was once an angel.
Small, eh? You're a mean one, Mr. Phillips. Oops, wrong holiday, but same sentiment. Bring it on.
What are you giving up for lent?
thats what I thought
Looking forward to reading your tweets!
Awesome pic! Feel free to post it on our FB page. We love seeing our customers with their favorite TK girls :)
She's living in Corpus. I'm from down there. Port A.
four weeks & counting... GMF & Artopia hit Georgetown.
Last minute planning and packing. So excited for #ala11 tomorrow...now if we could just teleport instead of driving 6+ hours!
Taj leading the charge! Let's maybe just do better in the second half ...
Thank you for standing up for #BirthControl and #Women we need more voices like you in Washington!
On the flight to Boston it is all Badger fans with a few Buckeyes sprinkled in for good measure!
I should be free most of the day after 1. Let's catch up!
#indieview A4: Pray for me! We always white knuckle drive 6.5 hours to Bismarck, ND hoping not to meet a blizzard!
I want 's golden pen. Just for an hour. Okay...2 hours. Sh*t. I'd even settle for her golden eraser.
My mom and I judging the dudes on the bachelorette... "oh he's a director. OH THE RACE CAR DRIVER IS CUTE."
Cesar GOmez's status: "What you do off the job is determining factor in how far you will go on the job." Zig Ziglar
Experiment with new assumptions. It may get you out of being stuck. Either way, it might be fun.
It's a beautiful day to kick off #BiketoWorkWeek Why not ride down to or and learn how an MCTS bike rack works?
thanks. I figured I annoyed someone enough finally. Glad I was wrong.
Haha yeah, hopefully Publix doesn't mind us using their carts for this week.
more to follow!!!
thanks :D
Now it's going to be even harder to get tickets to The Book Mormon! Congrats to cast and crew oh, and yeah... Joseph Smith.
Hi Ipek! I just liked your FB fan page. Happy dancing!!
Come see us this Sunday at the Hackettstown Street Fair. We're there from 11-5 on Main Street. Come learn about how you can get free solar
hottest man of the night. I love Culture Club.
twitterfox seems decent
Yep. and my brother just finished off a fifth of Jack Daniels. Sis is high as a kite. Forget the Peace on Earth, thang MerryXmas
of course. :D
Colt-less win for Bama...
I'm currently re-watching the special features on the Star Trek (J.J. Abrams version) blu-ray. This was a great movie. AND great homage.
(c) of the NY meet and greet pictures(; thank you!
Are your graphlab talk slides available?
ULTRA LIVE STREAM HARWELL<3
just gonna stuff my face with nutella sandwhiches
Great meeting you tonight! Look forward to hearing more about your platform in regards to community engagement
good move.
I did see that
Hey Jen. I am in need of someone to polish up some copy. You always worked wonders with my mess. You avail?
is AWESOME in "The United States vs. Billie Holiday"!! Opening night is SOLD OUT!!
DID YOU KNOW - Passengers left $409,085.56 in loose change when the passed through airport security last year. It goes to TSA.
Man whateva I been txtin and callin yo behind. Had me feelin like a groupie. I'm done *str8 face*
Parenting Tip= Praising good behavior and accomplishments creates positive reinforcement that creates incentive for child to repeat
Awesome love your finds! Sorry about the sun burn.. ouch!
Thanks for the mention!
Robyn Rihanna Fenty! You make history! I love your music. Its so inspirational and amazing! My dream is to meet you one day.
"Mo Williams! Former Cavalier!" don't sound so surprised, Dick Stockton.
RT : Don't take "how to" advice from people that have never done it.
pink you
do you guys want to come with to Irish Fest?
Welcome to Twitter Marilyn! Your life will never be the same haha, hope all is well in BN and at BPL!
Thanks for connecting! We look forward to your tweets!
Why are we so afraid to reward the things that actually benefit humanity? More importantly, why are we so afraid to speak up about this?!
#Hiaasen, Stormy Weather. I can't imagine any more entertaining place to escape for a few hours than Hiaasen's mirrorhouse vision of Florida
Question: Why are all Canadian crime TV shows apparently set in Vancouver?
help trend #PrayForAlexRiegle please! <3 he's a high school freshman fighting cancer. Pray! ❤🙏❤🙏❤🙏❤🙏❤
Getting ready. Crazy trip to East Brunswick, New Jersey. Interview. Fingerscrossed.
Can't sleep...leaving tomorrow 4 San Antonio. Already cant wait to come home to the Bluegrass. Maybe in fall for a game at Commonwealth
message me on here or fb it doesnt matter... i gotta talk 2 u c:
that's hilarious
*high five*
I walked hone in water that was up mid calf...no wonder my shoes broke...
traffic is not bad at all! I've been cruisin all day. Might have to go pantless, there's no one on the road!
oh, whiskey.
Playing MW3 when I should be sleeping or doing homework... The new CoD is addicting.
The last thing I wanna see at the point Loma senior prom is all the underclassman hoes grindin on desperate guys
LISTENING TO ONE DIRECTION. AHH. xD
Up late night approving a VIP client's website, have a 6am trip to the West Coast, so basically no sleep tonight.
They're so addicting.
Bobcats worst record? How can Michael Jordan be that great a player, but that pathetic of an executive.
& of course wildly magical adventures with my teammate =D
Alan Kay, Rolling Stone, 1972. Rather interesting, really.
It's because 1023's guy is on NFL Network
We got the house!
Iphone 4 my bf had Driod it sucked so bad for him too now he has Iphone 4 and we talk to Siri all the time :)
Tomorrow night at the hotel Utah saloon in SF. Come out. We hear the Burlesque girls might come by for a nightcap
Allergies suck nuts!
Also, I'm surprised Cory Schneider is in the net for Vancouver
this year was ok i just hope and #pray that 2012 is way better and i could finally date someone 2012 here i come gitty gitty goo
awww cute and you're right justin
Is Pucci a Maltese?
You're too kind, T.
#OOMF look just like Mr. Dink on #DOUG! LOL
I'm pretty excited myself
I can't believe that worked.
#nce11 schools are not set up to do what we're asking them to today, Hess says to supts.
Sup twitter🎤
Oh wild squirrel nut butter is on that, tonight! Glad somebody is watching :)
Yeah Mann I'm Ready For Tulsa! Mann Summer Is Gonna Be Soo Amazing!
no I'm dying :(
Its okay. Dont be sad... Think of Girl In a Catsuit and when she needs you to save her.
a big congrats on the merger! CC
I realized I was doing the PAs as a matter of stubbornness over learning, but if you're getting something from it, stick with it!
Shit this shit got a nigga going crazy shit I want football damn let me have that enjoyment comon man
No, I'M offended!
yess I Love Zurrie , she funny
I have a great joke tonight. why doesn't Barack Obama like the book about Steve Jobs? because Barack Obama doesn't like any jobs
Sry everyone knows my account for some reason and goes into it
Ive got balls of steel.
There is nothing in this world carbs can't fix!
totally agree they did an amazing job last night
I told you our cats were tough!
running around this evening to #East Falls #Fishtown & #Olde City to pick up malfunctioning computers. Give a shout if you need tech help!
followed sorry I was offline
u poor thing. Wish i cud help but i have 2 term projects of my own
As much as I enjoy thin-veneer-of-civilization plays (Woolf->Carnage->Clybourne), it can make for a great but expected night out.
#sacscoc Have found students more receptive to "learning strategies" than to"study skills".
If you want to fly, you have to give up the Sh#t that weighs you down.-Toni Morrison #Friday words to live by.
Yep, about damn time!
So much for a defensive stand. Purdue back up by 3. Not looking good for the Jayhawks.
Has anyone ever been as nasty as Halladay was today? Would have taken a miracle to get a hit off him
Road to Bonnaroo competition is always fierce in Nashville! are my favs tonight
"We carry burdens we do not need to bear-and life is much harder than it has to be-because we do not realize how powerful prayer is."
Clearly you are harder to kill when you are awake and alert.
yeah, it's bad in here.
Hey there Zelda: Skyward Sword. It's been a minute. ;)
awesome, that's great to hear! Keep it coming :)
Happy Friday!! Can't wait to see "Wild Flag" on April 3rd. R tix still avail? Or u could hold one in my name
Come on packers lol
for sure!
hopefully it's not already too late. Sounded like the Register is certainly ramping up.
do fake boobs count?
Welcome to N. County San Diego and the newest member of the
I always try to get ahead of these cases just because it makes me feel like an investigator >__<
#OneWordThatDescribesMe A Tribute!!!!!
Our date in 3 days!!!
Oh to the beach!!! Day 2 of my stay-cation!!!!
thanks for the love Susie!
happy mother's day. do something good for a mother
I know, I know that you love me baby. The time to take you away from me. Only over my dead body
I think... I think I just time travelled.
hey, do you have a trainer that works with you or do you do any of the machines besides tread?
yay :D me to
ops! I repeated one, so here's a replacement......strain!
I dont wanna walk in by myself ppl are honda think I'm lame and dont have friends lol
Go up a level to televictim.com and all is clear.
Forever running up and down from my cousins house, and now with
Pitbull and JLo, never quit making music together
Every Subway smells like Chuck E. Cheese
Westward Bound is the 3rd collaboration between artist Patrick Singh and the West Harlem Art Fund
Love is like a plant, it takes time to grow but, when you stop caring for it, it slowly dies.
Smells awesome outside.
Am so finally separated from ex after 2.75 years. Yes, I said years.
Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think, & most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep.
The origins of "le".
win! Great night! I feel like I should go to the gym now.
Can't stop ready The Lucky One.It takes me to a new world❤
what's wrong with it
In Lib Dub, after 6 is the most productive time. Doing lit review of anthropology done in the US and urban anthropology.
ALWC - we are on for church tomorrow. Be careful out there. COME READY FOR A MOVE OF THE HOLY SPIRIT!
#Ivealwayswantedto cum inside a waterbottle for a week to build up a storage
no. just chill n relax
Reading "The Information" and trying to imagine a time before we looked things up. I should count how many times a day I look things up!
oh to be in highschool again
Shes still a grad in my eyes .
Thanks to Dr. John Noseworthy of for a compelling keynote at the Great Place to Work Conference
Still can't beleive Barca lost to Chelsea, Lets see who gets in between Bayern and Madrid
Thanks so much!! =)
Well my life is complete. I'm being followed by !
So very proud of my sister Sarah today, she graduated nursing school, she's the hottest nurse I know! Way to go big sis!
Watch your thoughts, they become words. Watch your words, they become actions. Watch your actions, they become habits.
hell yeah heiberger
Loud and clear
Remember that one time when we traveled for 13 hours & then our luggage was lost? Yah.
Bigger by a third. Accessible by multiple bus lines. Central location. Street level. Events spaces on campus. Bomb it is.
Tonight's NBA game is between Golden State Warriors & New York Knicks at Oakland, CA. Call us now for some last minute tickets: 888-493-0004
This Winnipeg #Jets ticket scandal is very interesting. Public figures using public funds to by tickets that the public can't get.
I love nuking Favela.
NOVEMBER SPECIAL!! 21 days for ONLY $10 ... Including all group classes, spa services, and childcare!! Call today 214-827-5239
So what we get drunk, so what we smoke weed, we're just havin fun, we don't care who sees.
you go!
U up bro!!
News released that the #miamiDolphins are on the road for their game in Oct! Carnival in SunLife Stadium!
you dont have to be conversative to be christian and vice versa
Cool! I'm well known in nowhere. Give my regards!
Oh yes dem Steelers are outa here!!!!!!!!!
Behind this innocent smile of mine, lay words that go unsaid. Words of longing, love, anger & hate, all repeating inside my heart ♥
Yep! Wags Park :) I go to church right next door! lol
I'm on my high horse
Boys, if she sticks around after all the times where you've made her so upset she wanted to kill you.. Shes the one
a best tweet ever
#HappyBirthdayPrinceton I hope you enjoy your day #TeamMindless loves you so enjoy it and Spread The Peace.!! <3 HBD Prince
go to my facebook idk if u already on mine. Tessiyah leichter
When DRUNK, My phone should say, “Are you sure you want to send this text?”
did you mean stole lol
Press check at 8am = groggy Aaron near heavy machinery. Fingers crossed.
Congrats to on his new job as mkting coordinator Thanx for sweet call. Couldn't be more proud of my former student!
coming to see you at Country Jam in Eau Claire next Saturday!! Any chance for a Meet n Greet?
Last day at 8-5 job...sad & excited...time to commit 100% to #goodbusiness JenoLo Clothing
o have u heard Thomas pridgen's new band The Memorials? That dude is SIK!!
Just got bizarre tweets from Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga & others. No joke. Did they drop off their ballots? #springselection &
I'm just hoping this computer keeps working even when the network is down. :)
Geddy Lee, lead singer of Rush -- "There are a lot of empty calories on the radio" --- great quote
I'm coolin till later
The lakers offensive rebound <<
the girl with the bird tattoos?
is counting on Radiolab to counteract the brain cell erosion from my gift-scription to OK Magazine. Delusional?
Watching/listening to inspirational videos that were emailed to me. Oh how I love them!
doing it! I'm on a mission to branch out from my contemp YA obsession. Lol. Thanks!
Thank you for the RT!
I have written 2 books to help all members better give an answer and understand the doctrine better. facebook.com/LDSCrashCourse…
So does this mean NO Flash? You've got to be kidding me?!?!
yes, sold out
Much respect to for making a moment of silence for Whitney Houston. Great show last night!
Thanks again to the participants, judges, sponsors, volunteers, organizers, and supporters who made possible - and AWESOME!
This teacher is crazy I can't finish all this work in 1 day! D:
They are doing great work!
my dm won't send...
Yeah you are like super sonic!
i see. hard to tell w/ twitter unless there is a name attached. I wasn't referring to u plagiarizing btw
March 8th at Hard Rock Cafe Detroit !!! Be there !!!
#SmallBusiness Owners: Do u know how much $ u are profiting? Spending? How much $ ur employees are making/costing u? Let me help you!
Yes, we are. 10am-9pm. Bummer to be chocolate-less during the Grammys. :(
I just ate about 50 potato chips, so it balances everything out
Thank u for tweeting about TeachingBooks!
ha not a fan of Philly the city itself?
Have your boyfriend shove a fist full of cookies up your ass. That might shut your suck for 5 minutes.
It's fucking bullshit.... how can you create stars and a meaningful title when celebrities come in and shit all over them..fuck!
I wanna go to brazil one day
I like fruit stickers.
I still find it hard to find a female comedian funny...but damn....are they getting hotter!! #SmokingHot!
$2.50 Bud light pints Tonight!! Blackend salmon dinner $14.95 !! Try Our Home made Chicken Tortilla Soup, It's sure to warm you up!!
2013 Nissan Pathfinder Concept - Teaser - New York Auto Show 2012 - bose speakers
haha better like that hug I promised you ;D lmao xD
": you my bro and told Taylor about hookin you up with #oomf" wat she look like
. Thanks for the Rouge love! Hope you can come visit sometime.
Sitting in Physics not doing anything! Can't wait to get out!
Today at work, a whole family with Australian accents came in. They instantly made my day. I ♥ Aussie's.
you are welcome! Thanks for sharing the reads of:
Everyone claims to have the "cutest" baby/kid. If that's so, where do all these fucking ugly people come from?
What a great concept! I look forward to looking through the entries!
is your vagina getting in the way or something.
this is not nice.
. (2) and NLRB will not let you sanction employees for what they say in the personal social media, if protected free speech
It's confirmed- liv's a graduate!
this beat is sick
Guess I'll workout tomorrow even though it's my off day. Cause I ain't doing squat this weekend
congrats!! Feel like an adult now?
Just got comfortable and now I gotta pee..
#ThisSummerImTryna Work, Be A Cheerleader, Shopp and spend time with my boo and just keep a busy schedule.
Gotta pay more attention to the box. Looking like a 4 year old after I bought what I thought was a beard trimmer. Was actually a razor.
no, going to Coachella. Let's catchup one of these days
3/31 THIS IS EVERYTHING, Floral Terrace, The Air I Breathe @ Frankies. All ages. Come hang out.
Happy birthday tyler.! Ily rest easy.
<---- Here is a definite apologists.
Great opening keynote from Tish Long, so happy to have her at #WMNatSec this year!
Im listening to chill vol 1 smoking bowls and it was only 3 weeks ago today when it was released im still impressed with myself...
You changed your twitter handle!
Always smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 4
Looking 4 a job outside of the E TN area...any suggestions??? I'll move SC, GA, AL, chattanooga area,~could really use help. ;^)
is that whT SHE WAS DOING. bET HER JOB IS TO COLOUR IN THE FIELDS OOPS CAPS
Is a boneless chicken wing just a chicken nugget for adults?
thanks Jules!! Xo
actually, a week and it'll be a year ahah
thanks! I miss you and hope to catch up soon!
Summit Up 4-29-12: Still thinking about prom
is leaving! :-( But it's for a great opportunity and I'm very excited for him!!
People leaving your life is not a bad thing.. Many times breakups are breakthroughs.
Back to bed gonna be blasting all day
I just want to punch them in the head and take their dumb ass hat and throw it in sewer
Not being funny, but the 'new' girl who's been here a month doesn't talk to ANYONE. I get being shy but really? I'm talkin to you bitch!!
Almost dexter time
Sigh - good to know that you don't know how to do everything; makes me feel less inadequate ;)
Wow. Canada has full transcripts, citation in XML. Are those public?
sleeping.lol you?!
Healthcare lacks JUSTICE: Trauma-Informed care; has Cultural Incompetence; Compassion Fatigue and Vicarious Trauma overreaction by providers
I had left already
I like the MLB prop bet .... NO RUNS in first innings HOUvsPIT -125
Yep just today :D <3
Today's Q: I should use sunscreen at football games even if I only go once a year. Tweet True or False using #acsskin for a chance to win.
Twitter stopped the verifying process for now
It is #Google's attempt at a social network. If you see news articles with a +1 click it to add it to your profile..
No school /:
Getting ready to take a tour of the stadium where the Arizona Cardinals play and where the NY Giants won the Super Bowl a few years ago!
girl I'm addicted to shoes I will buy a pair that I think looks cute even if I have nothing to wear with them lol
i wish i was as good at cracking my back as i am at cracking my neck
This is what the world is for - making electricity.
#WeCantBeTogetherIf you arnt open with me. I dont care what bad things you NEED to say but can't; you NEED to say it.
Have the Regents ever said NO to an increase in tuition?
Good morning babe
Did you know that John Hunter was speaking at "the real" TED conference this year?
I'll do it(: like how do I ask tho? lolol and who would take the picture, my mom? lol
Weird vibe in the coffee shop. One guy asked if I'd made my own shoes (no), & there's a British fellow pacing in circles while on his phone.
The bigs fan ever
she just mad she look like a russian bull kmsl!!! jk but slug im super swagged up u dnt wanna c me lol
Aboriginal Support Workers provide personalized help for health care
de Martinville's phonoautogram of August 17, 1857 is the earliest known sound recording inscribed with a specific date --Tape Music program
...which is actually more accurate bcause it's about the cost of the trade w Rans for #2 that were discussing.
Bloomberg: Unfortunately, you can't evict ideas. And who said parks are meant for 'passive recreation?'
RT : I'm bucking the smartphone trend, female, old and not making even close to $100000 ;) #hhlib2 LOL me too!
less then 24 hours till you why your braces off !!
- But I Dont Have Money Right Now ...
I'm going to see Marina this July. Please tell me you're going.
2 give real service u must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, & that is sincerity & integrity.-- Donald A. Adams
Couldn't tweet phone was dead.
Good man!
Word RT If posts that video to the public, I'm done with him. So not a good look...ha! Smh. But foreal..
RT : Hurry and get over with the day. I want to go to !!!
not sure, but I can't wait (:!! it will probably be where is next concert is!
Make Love Not War... Hey do Both GET MARRIED!
If you don't really know your true dream or it's too vague it's not going to push you to take action...
OKC VS LA---Crazy Ass Game
Thanks Mark Stuart & theCompany! BRAVO!
Gonna go take my hair down and see how it looks. Wish me luck.
Day 4 in kitchen, getting pushed to work faster, cleaner, better - but this is a good thing, because they want me up to speed to hire me! :)
hey so how many hours a day do you work out and do you take any supplements?
But he'll meow really loud, and although I don't speak cat, I know inside that he's telling me to F**$ off
": The 1s that tried 2ruin your dreams are in 4a rude awakening!(Acts2:17) If u think u can ruin my dream... KEEP DREAMING!"
If #foreclosures sell for nearly 50% off in some states, how do you fix the problem other than renting & closing Fannie/Freddie?
oh wow can't wait to read it :)
Anyone know when vs #Coyotes gets underway? Tomorrow on NBC perhaps?
Loving your pix of incredible #India!
see you New Years!
Dear Lady in the Honda: Choose an f-ing lane & f-ing speed. Love, ~Noah
Will Ferrell YES @ : who is hosting snl this week?
you'll never follow me :(
Come join us at momma's country in Lewisberg, tn for fun line dancing
I can't sleep if I know it's my turn in Words with Friends. I'm not generally OCD, but I guess I make an exception for competitive wordplay.
Watching Diana Krall being interviewed by Elton John on a show called "Spectacle". One of the music programs I enjoy on Sundance channel.
Short waits, fast rides, cheap rates, friendly drivers, call Black Car now! 206 722-7696
I'm speechless.
I think it would help if nurses were not in the cost center and seen as a revenue generator. What do you think?
Just noticed Bonnaroo doesn't offer single day tickets. You HAVE to buy a 4day pass. That's too stupid for 140 characters to describe
Buzznet = Buzzkill RT Warning to Photographers will feature your copyrighted photos and refuse to pay for licensing
Read "The Monkey's Paw" yesterday then watching the Hitchcock short film today. I'm wondering which my students will prefer.
Y'all remember when the Lakers got swept by Dallas last year in the finals!? LMFAO
What? No GOP debate tonight? Just some stupid college football game no one seems to care about?
Yeeeeehaw! It's so nice out!
Haha, very true. You probably should have developed a new strategy before revealing your tried and true one.
DM me to talk more about your project when you have some time.
I wish you were here.
it's sad that we have to paint our faces, to feel beautiful.
Where are you?
Yaaay, you and Eddie Munster finally got to meet face to face.
... Wish I was with all you lovely people!!! Love and miss you Kayla and Bim !!
". Burn in hell bitch.ill be luaghing" i was told this is about me. i dont appreciate this,
The Indianapolis Monumental Marathon field is filling at record pace! Sign up today at monumentalmarathon.com
Turning in a bit early tonight, didn't get any sleep last night. I think it's fair to say I've been sleepless for two day. lol G'nite peeps.
Congrats Rick on 20 years!!
I still want to be a ninja when I grow up!
they are digging a hole to get out of one...
Prob shouldn't be txting your ex girlfriend stupid
New App Opportunity- Etch-A -Sketch porn. Shake it hard enough and Santorum splats himself
On this date: In 1602, English navigator Bartholomew Gosnold and his ship, the Concord, arrived at present-day Cape Cod, which he's
Feeling pretty productive today!
looks like Obama is dancing with the stars!!! What's next???
Reading "The Visual Story: Creating the Visual structure of Film, TV and Digital Media" by Bruce Block
The music vibe was so REAL in my neighborhood when I was younger..
Real Life. Just walking down Oakland.
Today in Invention History: Jan E Matzeliger patents a "lasting device," 1883
Weakness: image, jobs, fragile econ, multigenerational retail, budget constraint, disconnect, eastwest divide, transp,
I should consider becoming a professional DJ 🎶😃❤🎵
yes darling I do get to see you 😊 I'm über happy
taking everything in me to not be a dick about all of this.
My new solo show about coming out to my #Republican father as a #Democrat previews in #Greenville , 4/24. One night only!
Ok now I see windows devices competing with iPad...awesome
If i could time travel it would be hard for me to decide if I would kill Hitler or the dude who invented buffering first
Triple chocolate cake time.
Ohh, I saw the Octopus cake... That was rad! And I can't wait till it opens downtown, but you're right it's trouble for sure.
so much homework but so little motivation
Word /: If I Was The Old Lady I Would Beat Thee Shi__ ! Outta Them ! W. The Stop Sign LOL
Mike Brown needa be fired
Thanks for the follow! How were you not following me before?! :) Hope all is well in Seatown!
which is funny given that our texts are moving images, etc
You want longevity for your t-shirt designs? Lower cost than DTG printing for runs over 24 tees & nothing but the best quality. Guaranteed!
Always a pleasure to see
#ifihadthepower I would make gas prices lower
Thanks buddy!
I guess if the same thing happened yesterday that's a good sign re the barfing, also that he woke up on his own.
hey :) was up
haha really? Hmm...i though it was :p
is wondering where U of Miami got those ugly uniforms.....has to be, hands down, the worst I have ever seen (in any sport!)
Thanks for the follow! I haven't been on here in forever! :)
yep i kno who
Twitter informed me the world is ending? I guess ill change. No one should die wearing 'I'm kind of a big deal in iowa' shirt & pajama pants
your twitter description cracks me up
Enlightened conv on future of ebooks 2day. Find myself wonderng if libs r 2close 2 t container to truly challenge &rethink service models
...and the synapses fire (heh).
bang bang shoot em up...
So today I realized, Stich from Lilo and Stich was the fucking man
HAHAHAHA yeah, I'd say they're the same :)
but i want to hang out with you, even if you turn out to be a bunch a hunks
Well, she made it out of nothing
And I'm in for the tweet up too! All are welcome to join!
thx ladies :) I just want women to put themselves first ... WHATEVER you decide just do it for YOU.. :)
I agree! good stuff
Apart from a few bugs www.yourmotivated.com is nearly ready , Great news
Homestays are a fantastic way to travel. They took us on a tour of KL, showed us the best places to eat and just generally kind + helpful :)
Congrats! If you want to send us a free trial for the iPhone we would be happy review it on our Biz for Actors Blog.
is jealous bc u tweeted me.lol
Thanks all Bricktown Shuttle riders from last night! Take advantage of the trip from Norman and Edmond every Thursday, for only $15 ea.
you for the pep talk the other day...hope you are loving your hair!!! :)
my whole life has change, since u came in, I knew back then..lol that was the song..
I don't know what I hope for... that I hadn't seen it, maybe? bleh.
The troposphere is 17 km deep at the equator and only 7 km at the poles making Hawaiian sunshine way less intense than California's.
Finally Weekend! graduation approaching (holy crap) finally leaving this school!!!
Fuck Facebook, I write on actual walls.
Though I like to pretend his appearance during the SB halftime show never happened. RT : #funfact: is cooler than you.
Yes! We are releasing #osci updates at #mw2012. Stay tuned.
When you're teacher screams at the top of his lungs while you're sleeping
yeah bro I saw... Did you see the comment section in this article? Some cats have reading comprehension issues, missed the point.
": Dolphins take Tannhill at No. 8. First first-round QB for Miami since Dan Marino" loves this pick
Didn't hear anything official yet.
I've met some really awesome people lately, and we passionately discuss apertures and lighting and lenses #Photography #NotLameAtAll lol
you're full of it
I know right, jus trying to catch up to your 28k tweets lol
cause nobody cares!
of course Casey stayed. He is the winner.
Yeah, but at least you've got a choice. Tons of miserable people stuck in either dead end jobs or no job at all...
Nighty night! The PST gang will miss you. Florence will get them to brew Stout a fresh pot next Friday... :)
Protein and #bodypump! Happy Saturday!
