HOPKINS IS AN ACTOR, BUT WHAT I AM SAYING IS THAT OTHER ACTORS CANNOT SLIP BACK INTO THEIR CORE PERSONALITIES THE WAY ANTHONY CAN. THIS
RT : Im glad im not a Jags fan, i would be very angry ....
school hasn't even started yet.
Tomorrow's cupcakes: Banana caramel, Carrot cake, Vanilla passion fruit, Double Chocolate.
DealShow starts now! Get your auction on... www.dealshow.com
Lil Wayne is one of the ugliest ppl I've ever seen in my life..his hygiene is also a concern of mine.
Trust me! I will
TRAGEDY CALLED TRUTH HAS NOW OBTAINED THERE 6TH MEMBER(the 5th is Arkkade Kults Fro)!!!! IT IS OUR NEW TOUR VAN!!!! It shall be...
your turn
HI SIS I MISS U
We're playing the on January 10th! All support is greatly appreciated! Hit us up for tix!
either cleveland where I live, Colombus or cincinatti the major cities! Haha
I swear i will not mourn when i see you from :'(
For what's its worth The #Bulls even got a non NBA guy like me fired up this year. Get D. Rose healthy for next season!
Thanks for the retweet! Have a great night!
he follows my other account
' Taken as a whole, the Bible is about advancing as humans and as a society and choosing to be closer to the mercy and love of G-d...
when can I see you ? Lol
Quit lying to shield the rich. It is not working anymore.
exactly I be getting low key frustrated sometimes lol 😒...😡
- There's a demo there that might serve Mr. Obama well in his bid for another 4 years.
not enough eye contact these days!
not old fashioned at all. I expect that
Ended up eating dinner in Edina. Divorcees are on the prowl. Oddly reminiscent of the 20-something bar scene. Please save me.
Excited for #Tetleylecture tonight
"beautiful content experiences emerge from predictable usability and predictable interfaces" true.
#imagine You: will you ever love another girl more than me? Austin: yes someday but she will look just like you and will call u mommy <3
Wonderful song. Much better than my attempt at a Rick-Roll.
Lolololol he's CRAZY
NBC continues to get the marquee games on Sunday night.
thanks for following i follow back :) id like to see some of ur writing!
so you live in Michigan?
S/o to for the follow back.(:
Working on Rule of Life for
You Excited for Orlando ? Let rock Florida
congrats chima. *applause*
Shimmy shimmy cocoa pop, shimmy shimmy rock!
grrrrr why does my dad have to kill shit for mee
"Class A" has nothing to do with the tenants who live in the building, it's a financial classification.
Love me while I'm here
But Q drinks and doesn't care that I do so fug it lol
Padvertisement is re-defining tablet advertising... perfect placement,interactive ads,MMS coupons...ROI central...www.padvertisement.com
Visit us tomorrow at the Lake City Pioneer Days! 9:00AM - 5:00PM. We'll have a booth setup with the latest in our conservation efforts.
your task will be picked up the next day.
Now I am watching a movie with Sylvester Stalone from 1981 that I have never heard of. Is this really what my life has been reduced to?
hahha dm me! In oak creek
I'm back:) was having a little trouble with my account but I'm baack!Missed you and <3
Underground tonight!! @ 8 ...last one of the year!! its gonna be awesome!
#DWade looks like a squirrel with nuts in his mouth!!! #Thunder vs
Announced I'm gonna dart that man, kidnap him, make him marry me in Vegas & chain him to my bed. They're jealous he's getting a green card.
RT : 1st reason why N. Carolina should not ban gay marriage: It would be redundant. Marriage is already really gay.
Weirdest thing at the Rose Bowl Flea Market: antique speculums.
it was so gross !
California is a fine place to live - if you happen to be an orange
Lol, people probably don't need to know that I reread all the Harry Potters about annually, ha. Nice, book board!
I will totally read a bro's guide to Bergman films. I have an online handle by the name of "Bergmanbro."
you're welcome for the good luck charm haha
we MISSED
- Excellent! Post on my wall on FB (both pages). Very happy for you :)
Say no more. I'm in! RT : Go On = Community + Sports Night + Chanandler Bong
Also i am available for work, so get at me and start takin the steps you need to get your band where you really wanna be.
Sounds great! Send the information across. Thanks David!
Be at the gypsy fest in clifton on saturday, i perform at 3PM. Come see me perform live..
Stalking Page while i wait for my bigmac :P
JUSTIN BIEBER PLEASE FOLLOW ME OR EVEN A TWEET WOULD MAKE MY day! I bet you will NEVER see this :(((((((
how was #SXSW2012??
Twisting tonight at The Hilltop Steak House for Sarah's 60th Birthday Party!
miss you loads and loads! Hugs all around xxoo
I love the spelling/grammar lessons! :)
Sometimes knowing the right thing to do is the hardest to figure out. I wish I could just have a sign showing me the way to go.
Just grabbed Spring Training tix for two games in late March. I love biz trips to Scottsdale!
just dropped off complimentary bagels at the office to say thank you for your business - now that's customer service!
Not fiction, really, but Sharon Sedaris. "I wasn't just born some middle aged woman with a nice purse..."
Follow these artists.
Our tweets this week will be primarily focused on effective communication, an important aspect of any organization.
TONIGHT THE SOUTH IS ON FIRE!
This is goin to be a problem
Sick today, but no time to be sick, so I'm working from my bed when all I want to do is sleep in it.
Yep I'll most likely be there! Where is the show?
Rest of season - who has more upside as a back up QB - Leinert or Skelton (Had Schaub as my #1, now will be Hass)
How did Perez Hilton lose that much weight
doesn't sound like a Cubs fan when you actually win games
I had mine on Friday...
Oh, you found it. :)
Why is it so hard these days 4 Detroit artist to get in the music industry. Talent never left our city.
she's so excited to meet you, she doesn't even know it yet
#US will draw down remainder of military forces in #Afghanistan by 2014.
Good Morning World:)
Let the devil know... I BEEN WITH JESUS!!!
oh dang, that's right. aren't you in highschool already? haha!
- it's like NON-ASTRONAUT ASTRONAUT FOOD!
uhu I see how it is
RT : Spoke with an elderly couple today - married for 55 years.... some of us can't stay together for 55 days.
Today at we're celebrating one year of working with Dude's a coder, philosopher, and a hell of a guy. Also: hilarious.
I have such a fetish for Asian boys.
Just saw Ms. Albanese and Mr. Hjort holding hands and walking at Crocker!
im new to this what does nfb mean ?¿
Ballhead ass! RT any fuck nigga formed against me shall not prosper.
Hopefully in a good way
I have my day all planned out. I know where I'm running away too. Had it planned since Jan. I just have to start saving. :)
It's absolutely gorgeous there. Glad you go to see it! Looking like another great Kauai day! Enjoy the island/resort!
oh, but mah cousin sittin in mah face w/ a 96 pack & a sharpener -_____-
Not a bad Saturday.. Not bad at all.
Remember-the person who trusts in the Lord will be blessed
Elders in Action sees this as wonderful opp to plan for the doubling of Portland's older population by 2035. Active aging is the key.
Great page, huge amount of work going on, congrats! :)
The awkward moment when someone asks what's wrong, and they're the problem .
it's okay I'll see you soon :D “: I hate missing someone this much #mystomachhurts”
says it better than I could have.
MUSIC IS LIFE < 3
The huggability of trees--statistical differences? Small town trees are more huggable.
Danny Trejo has had a huge inspiration on me.He once said if you can leave the drugs anything is possible.Lifes a beautiful thing
My #hotelwifi is streaming MLB.TV just fine! :p
Owh that's bad :s & hehe alright! No I'm having a long weekend so :) & oh alright, I might watch it then! :) xo
Absence is one of the most useful ingredients of family life, and to dose it rightly is an art like any other. ~ Freya Stark
And when you're not feeling special on your special day? Threaten to unfollow anyone who doesn't wish you a happy Bday!! Haha!!
Hope the Heat lose!
Ohh yay - love her! I will be hosting #SNL on feb 11th with musical guest ! I am so excited!
"my stomach is way too smart to throw up steak" sh*# says
We also provide the community with crime prevention seminars, team building seminars, and business risk assessments
Happy birthday to my baby seeester tori!! Love u! Xoxo
THE WORD FOR THE DAY IS FOCUS
I don't like Carmelo Anthony. He just gives off this negative - arrogant vibe.
Whenever one door closes, ....it always smacks me right in the face and knocks me on my butt.
#tcot come join to become TN conservative gov. join us now at www.zachwamp.com
GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS GIANTS!!! I LOVE NY!! Eli got Brady's #!!!!
Headed to belle glade
Ugh I really don't like hearin complaints about how piano should be my whole life. It's not so get over it. Why don't u play piano huh?
HARVARD SQ: Caramel Apple & Strawberry flavors.
Make it bun dem🔥
are you sure you just don't prefer numbers over words?
We've fallen on some hard times!
yeah I go to school too lol. You should come out sometime when I'm playing! :)
thanks for the social marketing advice! Looking forward to working with you in the near future!
Who thought it would be a good idea to get a tattoo on your foot?
So yes he does have to buy you stuff to keep you happy. MATERIALISTIC!
Marisa tomei is my idol for life..MY COUSIN VINNY one of the best movies EVER!!
thank you for following
Nobody can fuck with me, it must be the nun in yah
Oh freshman, how silly you are.
you know what to do, no second chance for her pick it up!!!!!
Blink-182 = Great show!!!!
Fact checking and follow up questions over Twitter: Journalism in the 21st century. :
Tonight's forum is open to all ages and runs from 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM tonight at The Armory!
Reason #689 to like Greg Maddux.
Gorgeous day to be riding my #Kawasaki Ninja! Can't wait for the work day to end so I can ride more!!
you too!
Are you following all the TDL libraries on Twitter?
I had some trouble with FB this morning. Nothing horrible, but enough to notice it was having problems.
Im aware its not a difficult song, but ive never played guitar before!
We all know how great Johnson’s is for baby, but celebrity make-up artist has some great Johnson’s tips for moms.
xoxox Maryland friend
- and others are a huge part of future revenue streams for artists and labels. We're glad to see them standup as well!
Seinfeld is such a great show.
beyond cute :) <3
you sir, are a rebel.
Life in Music City, Planet Earth.
I can't believe how bad it's tanking
Way to go, Scott!
To be a backup? Not likely.
Russell Brand unfollowed Katy Perry on twitter. Everyone, kill yourself.
That was a WEIRD interivew.
what's going on???
**Taking my security-software hat off for a second** I'm curious to see if I can get some dialogue going about your favorite ETF's and/or M…
but am having a hard time find any soldiers to read it.
#pla10 Make sure to visit Ken Scholes. Great writer and great guy.
:D yea
yess it was amazing!
Saying goodbye to my right hand/SID intern but proud he's graduating!
#thingsthatgetmeupset a messy bbq bottle.
Check out my web page with artist bio, all my solo tracks are available for free download www.reverbnation.com/cynical303 Thanks again
Aww! RT : Idfc if I'm grounded or not. I'm GOING to see this weekend.
not. But your last two tweets had errors. Thought I would point that out. And you really can't spell? Dang.
hit me up my ninja everything is up
Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!! @ thekellfactor
is there a blog about graffiti in detroit?
Happy Birthday !!
DC Photo Safari is really great
Don't forget ...remember me? :) --->>> I'm DM'ing you so you have my email address...already on the list.
Enjoyed the chat today! Looking forward to more, whether it's once or twice a month.
aww man that lil girl is something else
So you may have missed all the best parts of the bill :) Thanks for the info and have a good day
I have seen Ana's chair... can verify it even if Twitter will not. :)
sorry I didn't reply last night. My parents took my phone.
Guys, I'm at the gym and I just ate a hand. Not mine.
Rain switching to wintry mix now around Central Ohio. Not much snow expected but watch for slick roads tonight as temps drop!
thanks...have a great weekend!!
You are welcome, and happy tweeting!
Don't get me wrong, now...private group tweets sounds awesome! Thanks for sharing ^_^
don't be a hypocrite. You've been hoping for one of those pictures of Jessica Durrell for weeks.
I want to go home. :(
and I were written up for laughing too loud, forgot this was finals week where all happiness should be gone.
oh my gosh. only 200 more?! this is crazy! you've come so far!(:
Working at Vincentian regency is hands down the most rewarding job I've ever had
Live this way. Have no regrets! The truth is you dont know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, nothing is guaranteed.
The difference in camera quality between my iPod Touch 4 and 's iPhone 4S was obvious. Gotta consider an upgrade.
awesome! See ya soon.
My courtroom experience today felt like the last scene in "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid"
Why am I so crazy about you #youknowwhoyouare(;
#thatawkwardmoment when someone tries to eat a bubble off your head.
haha, you are so silly!!! Lol
I'm a beast with the pen and pad
#respect thank you for your service.
Blah busy night and not feeling so hot. Yay
Ok now I really want to take that African Dance class my friend D has been telling me about. FELA!!! "everybody say Yay Yay!!!"
Paul Pierce again showing he has no class.
The most ridiculous lies, only on
visit www.hgpof.com it has all the hottest gay places in Orlando
I'd like to think he was literally caught in the doors and not actually in the elevator.
I'm gonna throw something in about 2 seconds this is such bull shit!
I just finished a final in less than 30 minutes. Idk if that's a good sign or a sign saying I just want to be done! Booyeah!
#skypeismybestfriend (:♥ add me? katie.nicole.summer.jacobs
I need a Mac laptop. I could be working the whole time
Hi there! Thanks for the mention :)
thaNks, wanna play me in Basketba??? ;)
Had the extreme pleasure of hanging out with/ #Rammstein backstage at Nassau Coliseum in NY this weekend!
I really enjoy Sunday mornings when I'm the only one awake in the house. Well, besides the cats.
imight jus change my bow tie color ... fuck it
neither could I! I'm having a 3am gourmet cheese plate lol!
shit its like this I ain't beautiful and your Tweets don't offend me he likes beautiful women it is what it is ladies
Racist Bitch
sure, it's loads of fun. I played 3 hours last night before my brain shut down.
I miss oomf!
Answer your phone! I'm calling you from my grandmas phone!
Yall need to follow
LET THE PENGUIN REVOLUTION BEGIN!!!
yeah i'm thinking bout leaving. i got a book to read anyway.
happy aniversary baby! iloveyou with all my heart
Gettin that Pacific Northwest sunshine!
happy vday pretties 💗💜💘😍
No problem <3
We have expert social media managers that can generate constant visibility for your personal or business endeavors at affordable rates!
“: I'm not a heat fan. I just like Lebron more than I like the bulls.” that's weak....
...waiting to lose power
Stanford vs Illinois St. is on if anybody needs help getting to sleep... the Cardinal student section is doing absolutely, well, nothing.
ahaha yes! House partaayy! Lol <3 thatd be sweet but ya i wanna phone call sometime :)
bad refs will make a run at some point
close ;-) At first, it just looks like I've moved, but there's one item that adds a whole new dimension.
CELEBRATE! RT : BREAKING: OF Ryan Braun has won his appeal challenging his 50-game suspension by the Commissioner's Office.
"I didn’t ask my friend then how much of history would depend on the pebble? ... how much darkness would the light push away?" Kim Nam-Ju
Peace Love And No Nuts survived the #earthquake. The #cookies are safe! Will be at the Long Beach #farmersmarket tomorrow.
Just don't think about falling. lol You're graduating from U of M??
` i guess its good night for now, although i know i`ll be back
THEY JUST SHOT Mi DREAMS ALL THE WAY DOWN... 😳
hella went M.I.A.
#YoHolla Make sure to follow me if you would like to join the newest social media company and the only one that pays for your content
#DON'TSUPPORT people's nonsense. It makes you look just as stupid as they are...
When there's nothing left to burn you have to set yourself on fire.....
Is banh mi twice in 1 day a bad idea?.....
Going to laugh my add off tonight, seeing live!!!
oh ok
Is that Shia LaBeouf??? Is it??? You are one lucky lady!! :)
God admits buying earth as a fixer-upper.
": Been fuckin niggas bitches all week.... Turn^"<=for me homie u gotta fuck 2 h**s
These games is rigged against the bulls! Just watch the refs!
you knew that I know I've told ya before but hell we've both had a few drinks since then
is it true you are Alex broke up?!:O
The concert is free and outside
i am going lol
Criss Cross around the World! Downloads for from last week: #USA, #UK, #France, #Singapore, #Spain, & #Norway (1of 3)
I'm having probs registering my group.It doesn't show up in the dropdwn box. Help pls! Thx :)
i want some goddamn food in my goddamn motherfucking belly, for fuck's sake, right the fuck now.
Just joined the convo on #eltchat. What is the topic?
Oh, yeah, Red Hulk.
Coin Tost. Broncos Pick Tails and Picks Recive. Broncos is getting the ball first and patriots defending left.
I don't think that you refer to them as junks....but its whatever lolol, and idk, my mom told me.
I appreciate the help Thanks for the help Always looking for a foot in the door to a new opportunity
Brendan Ryan REALLY sucked in hitting
#ThingsIHearEveryday I love you honey
expired Costco card, they don't take credit cards and down graded my membership. Out alive thanks to
(c) of the lucky fans tht were caller 20 at the brown derby in albany. the radio station only told the 20th caller(c)
Pistachios are great! I wonder how much is too much?
Bumper sticker: "keep working, millions on welfare depend on you." seriously.. Wtf. How about keep job searching, stop depending on others.
I really need hours at work, but they kind of frown upon strep throat... Fuck.
#Bucky cruises to victory. Let's go #Marquette!
I love coming into work on a beautiful Saturday, only to leave a voicemail...
I don't smoke or Drink my mommy raised me better than that
All the gentlemen's magazines from this donation are under my desk now, in case you need to see them.
Yes, although only for a month in this instance.
It never ceases to amaze me how children are such good judges of character. :)
appears to be lack of training to me. social media reps are PR front line. didn't even know that caps are yelling? epic fail.
should be doing hw but im at a friends house (who said she'd tutor me) on twitter #ADD :)
MJ wouldve been proud of drew,hes worked his ass off his whole career, so seein someone just relax and sing woudlve made him happy i think
Hi dear i love ur background. God bless you always hun.Can you follw me? its a page for all mj supporters no haters allowed :-)
I hope I get picked to host the Sabra House Party! This is perfect for me being a vegan!
Thinking up weird dance moves + Trampoline combos. Help us out.
“: Suede shoes are a pain in the @$$ to keep clean. Any suggestions?” most dry cleaners can clean suede
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no clue what to do. All I knew is I had to do something other than #Facebook!
Good news! Pittsburgh's quarterly dance, poetry and spoken word showcase #SpeakingOfFebruary4th, this Saturday !
RT i only miss you when i'm breathing
Doesn't appreciate finding that a mediocre server decided to tip herself a little more. Tsk tsk. Glad I've got BofA.
Kitchen and bath updates are hot hot hot in Colorado right now...keeping me busy :)
yay!! thank you! glad you had fun! :D
"I'm sorry I left lipstick marks on the phone." "You didn't leave lip stick marks on the phone." "Oh then It must have been you."
Employer needs to ensure employee has a reasonable opportunity to improve performance,giving enough time, support/assistance, training
successful night at work!
I love living in Miami...but this is the we're talking about. My heart and loyalty remain with my home team.
I'm going to lay in bed all day and listen to music..
Cool pet products!
Those are done my dear, but we got loads of others in XS and S 👍RT : I need to restock the mermaid tee
Finished the last tour and went straight into another event. Starting a 4 month one this weekend!
u shut up wanch
You can only decide how you're going to live
I love it when people think they're so cool just because half their words are slang.
I always assumed everyone became narcoleptic after the first pitch of every baseball game. Who knew! /troll
Woah, look who's on twitter haha
The work Matt is doing is fantastic. What amazing material! Please help spread the word:
uh nah got plans;)
My,Ideas &,Thoughts..
I hate my global teachers sarcasm, it's like 1+1=2 ! no I thought it equaled fish cionna. Wtf.
I love your staff! The volunteer coordinator sent me info about a job posting. That makes me super happy!!
life's too short to even care at all.
haha I hope your friends would at least tell you. I'm just making fun of him.
Just went in the shower with my socks on foook it yolo
Always great to be home in your own bed! Enjoy some good rest! :)
Movie "Don't Be Afraid of the Dark"...girls Teddy Bear has been seen in a lot of creep movies! Almost as evil as a clown doll!
we <3 too... they have killer food, we'd love their support for our advocacy efforts.
I believe its real love RT : save marriage? more like save her show
"I Love Louis" is trending! X :)
how much would he charge to fix mines?
I'm not gunna lie. #avengers looks kindof gay.
Happy birthday!
LOL And you say that while you post a pic with your eyes closed like you're scared :P
You guys really should add at least 1 tour date in the Pacific Northwest. :'( Totally ignored #Seattle!
very. Ugh.... I don't like this. And I just splattered bleach all over my new black workout pants. Shoot me.
So who's wearing flowers in their hair on this beautiful day? :-) (raising hand)
43 points the other day i think yea he old huh lmao and still bustin ass
doing something unusual to an ant
It's snowing here!
Find out how to buy a house with No Down Payment www.community-mortgage.com
because everything about Hugh Hefner is intriguing!!!!
“: DeAndre looks like a gay lion. #americanidol #idol” and that gay lion has my vote.
Just went to Maisy's! Solid Angus Burger! mybmore.­net/­maisys
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy..but here's my number, so call me maybe! ;D
no problem anytime ;)
Now ive got that feeling once again i can't explain you would not understand this is not how I am, I have become comfortably numb.
Great!! I can't complain!! Grindin' n jukin', trackin' n jackin'! Great sprit and energy these days. #turnupseason!! ;-)
Haha, in three hours you'll be so loopy you won't even remember this happened.
oh it was some friend in Utah LOL so no PoohBear you can't jump them haha
nothing suits me like a suit
If you're so concerned about burning bridges you're never going to cross the river.
Less than a week before the opening of my show, Our Lady of 121st Street :)
Seeing it in Atlanta! Come on!
A little Cake on the radio, a little commute on the highway. Many worse ways to burn a morning!
same here:/ I got to 2,000 followers:D
#allgamejobs Looking for Tools #Programmers with C++ and C# for #austin #la and
If You have Never Jumped from one couch to the other to avoid the Lava... then You, My Friend, have Not had a Child Hood.
So is Drake leaving Young Money after his next album or what?
Guess where Alex is doing an interview today....
glad to hear. and i'll see you all in a few weeks ;)
#imhappiestwhen is happy.
It's been almost two years since we released a newsletter. On Monday, that streak will fade.
Awesome day spending time with my dad at the Oaks. Now mentally preparing myself for the Derby infield tomorrow with everyone
Wats good for the weekend kiddos?
introducing scottrade bank
Nice, looks like a great place.
Me: "what are they talking about" "Masturbation with my sister"
"Carry on, love is coming, love is coming to us all"
Living Critics Speak Live -- panel discussion -- Elvis Mitchell, Claudia Puig, Justin Chang, Jeffrey Overstreet.
if i went to school in indy, those would probably be my dream apartments!
I am sorry but if Siri is your friend then you have issues
where are u????
Pick: "In the second round, the Jets take the Almighty Himself." Jets fans: "Bo."
I bought one of those in red a few months ago. Love it!
Currently listening to: MESSER - Whole Again on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
me. Lol bc I have to use lotion every time after a shower and Id rather smell like my perfume instead of lotion AND perfumelol
Deeply, deeply saddened by the hatred I'm seeing on twitter coming from members of the Mary Washington community.
See you tomorrow! I'm also going to today's #YPWeek Luncheon w/ and later today! Great opps
Peter LoVerso, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Seen something I've never seen before in youth soccer scrimmage. Three consecutive shots hit the same post in 10 sec span.
Children who experience #hunger early in life have developmental delays and health problems in life. 1 in 4 US children are food insecure.
Our first winner of 2 VIP tickets for PROJECT Catwalk & Catwalk For A Cause 3D! and Jordin Sparks performance tomorrow is HEATHER DOPSON!
Rugby is so awsome to watch- i just have no idea whats going on lol
got the cam all polished and charged up for you! meet today?
Plymouth Rock landed on Ron Paul.
Everybody been askin 4 the new O.NE...lol #Im3StepsAheadAlready it is #Almost23 Time #TeamS7 Lets get it!
My baby brother is in Omaha with #Mizzou. So proud.
I am sure being the great boyfriend he is you can find time for both.
I want to see you when you come to Denver!
Sometimes just fixing a moment might give you the leverage to tackle the bigger issues that need some work. Going to test this hypothesis...
Where's Marcie when you want her?
makin burgers for me n the kiddies. I so lubba ma babies.
I would appreciate it if you didn't blow up my twitter feed during your 21st, I know it is fun but please control yourself
nomatter thick and in..were always gonna blend
#appdev ppl, need sound for that nice new app/game? Hyper-creative producer here, I want to work with you!
Did you know that June is Nation Candy Month? What is your favorite candy?
Preach! RT Former Senator Alan Simpson calls AARP monsters for refusing to negotiate on social security reform.
when pandora plays zero 7 and you just smile.
“: You this read wrong.”
ok my ipod can smd. hopefully going to the apple store this weekend and getting a new one.
your team sucks get used to it
So much fun-and stuff to buy!
May; my absolutely favorite month of the year...
I hate liars!
- thats burger madness!
How is it possible the #mets have zero no hitters? Ryan, Seaver, Gooden, Cone etc. ugh. One day..
Second hour of the Sports Blast on 1120am WBNW, we are talkin Shaquille O'Neal and his retirement. Get on the show at 888-205-2263!
when I get to my computer I'll change te icon to an actual pic lol - amanda
You go, funny girl! :)
PS ur talents on the keyboard were missed yesterday.
peace and blessings? Fist nicknames? I'm guessing peace is the right fist, because you use that one for the knockout shot.
That awkward moment you realize your ex was never really attractive to begin with.
happy birthday, Herman! Wish you many many more!
Chandler Police Department to buy used cars as test The department is hoping to cut costs with used cars for non-patrol officers.
Is the DUO opensource?
...almost single-handedly be addressing 1 of the most common ...
Bergeron bitten? What is this? A Flyers and Pens game?
nothing much...how have u been?
How much do you think the Leaf will cost?
Anyone have the date for the next meeting? And how about the event date in 2012? I am working on the calendar today! :)
Who's ready to paaaarrtttaaayy for PRIDE????????
i say wht i say and dnt care if u like it r not .. ppl need to stop being so fake
no i wasnt nitra i was speaking in general u kno i dont bash people on the internet
Oh no. So sad. Our condolences. RT : R.I.P. chef Thang Le (1979 - 2012). is.gd/PSg9dk
meh RT : Austin Jackson left the game with a mild abdominal strain, and he's day-to-day.
;( he'll never follow me :( but I love him so much 💙💙
Furiosity is on iTunes!!!!!!
Hey if u no longer accept credit at TVM u should tell us. If it's temp, u should tell us.
I haven't actually tried Sublime yet, but it is on the list. I'm still rockin' NP++ like the old-skool sista that I am :)
No doubt - growing up Dominican in Washington Heights, your products have always been a constant in my life.
lovin the new video! Check out these hats: theyre changin lives in Romania. Can we give you a free hat? www.sperantsa.com
I' AM NOT A WHORE JUST BECAUSE I HANG OUT WITH MORE GUYS THAN GIRLS less drama,lies, guys are always there for& you can trust them way more.
"Is he driving a wagon?!....its not even a wagovan!!! #sheesh" lmao oh conor
scotty is amazing....vote for him on american idol......he is so cute and has a amazing voise....VOTE SCOTTY MCREERY
His priorities are badly messed up lol...Next time he tries to initiate be busy doing something you like.. ;)
yeah doe
Have to love Facebook one of my best friends in the world found me 20 years later.
i appreciate all the love foreal yall.. trust me imma ish happen
The defender pushed off--should have been pass interference.
Singn: It could all be so simple But you'd rather make it hard Loving you is like a battle And we both end up with scars
Gracias senor! Technically credit for that goes to Alliance Web Marketing :) I created the new Twitter background though!
Hi, I am in the process of getting my website up and my cd release is March 31st/ How can I check your music out??
you are very welcome. It's not until August and I will be making a shirt to wear and run in! (:
imagine if Chuck Bass got the Green Lantern ring..#AOTS just sayin haha
Good call Matt RT : Try to stay in a bad mood while listening to Paul Simon's "Graceland". Those bass lines will not allow it.
where ya movin to?
This is fantastic weather. What's the worst weather you've ever been caught in?
checking out your podcast. Awesome.
Feeling doesn't stack up...
#How2Tarot Ensure you have a symbology dictionary to hand when studying #Tarot. Cirlot is a classic or Ann Faradays books on Dreams.
Just had blood taken & decided to treat myself to a scone from . Totally worth it. Must be if I'm tweeting about a scone.
Laundrys almost done..got a pedicure...going to the boardwalk with my babie and grabbing some coffee with my boo-cha cha
I chuckled RT : God forbid the Knicks win a couple of titles
#TweetsDuring1660 IM ON A BOAT! IM ON A BOAT! EVERYBODY LOOK AT ME CAUSE IM SAILING ON A BOAT!
God is also against pre marital sex and I know half yal fools didn't respect that rule...
Don't forget to make Valentine's Day reservations.
its was great to see the next rep of the 12th national tv
I like the move to have John L Smith as interim coach for Arkansas. Has experience as HC and runs the same system.
#Denver looking forward to announcing the keynote speakers for the #ShineYourDivine Conference raise your
Celine Dion's voice makes my heart break
cause I'm a new person you just met lol
Please teach me gently how to breathe
What happened to not using your phone at work?
This tyler the creator dude is a moron... #vmas #who?
Conversational Love
Just got back from RSKA Kingwood! Hard workout
she's used to disappointment
#everyonehasthat1familymemberwho thinks they know everything
love Clearwater, I lived in Tampa for 5yrs, went to USF. Though I prefered the beach in St. Pete usually
Ne-Yo:Never Knew I Needed <3
Dropping off our host son at the airport today! #sad The past nine months were a blast! Have a good flight Alfredito! We'll miss you!
oh thats awesome. where at? I wanna join a boot camp again
ah man, I know how you feel! But you shouldn't feel that way at all man, just be confident and be yourself
and so sensitive to tea that it cannot be touched without inducing migraine
please can you just click the follow back button x
was just in Dallas and experienced the strangest thing...
Whats the name of it
Sorta, each person creates as many circles as they wish, and choose who to invite. It's all part of one's G+ stream.
~ My DH told me he likes my white shoes because they take away from the paleness of my legs.
Yeah let's go with that story.
it's a turkey stuffed with a duck and chicken. Duh!
Huge spike in web traffic to our www,viseyes,org site, after mention in NY Times. Glad to know we could survive being "slash-dotted"
Tomorrow night , catch The Army Blues: Music of Gerry Mulligan and Charles Mingus at the Library of Congress
I had a feeling that would get your attention!
My jersey number is 17. Same as Jozy Altidore!
Not sure how that works, but it does
God is Good!
Thanks for the heads up.
Hi Harold, how's it going?
Looking forward to continuing #srphilippians ...4pm gathering
The most pissed off man in the nation isnt even a Laker. He is Nene, who wanted Denver to come crawling begging him to come back
use ur #disruptiveimagination &create somthing that didnt exist be4. No, not by re-creating the wheel, but merely adding additional spokes
Networks won't do it b/c they milk things dry, but they'd find that mediocre shows that don't get renewed would be stronger
Are you on Facebook? If so don't forget to check-in and tag 3 friends to claim your free Pupu at the Front Desk!
They say, "To Teach is to Touch a Life Forever." Be sure to say THANK YOU to someone who has touched yours!
u look like kurt warner after that saints playoff game
i hate your face. And that pic was SPOT on.
Just say the clip w/ Nicki Minaj - Regis shame on you. keep your hands to yourself.
Thank you =) spread the word
followed everyone back<3
who has open marriages? NOBODY DOES THAT!
Party is on, at www.SocialMediaLodge.com tonight. Thanks to for the heads-up, wish you wuz here!
‎"I do not understand what I do. For what I want to do I do not do, but what I hate I do" - Romans 7:15
Great article - thanks for the mention!
I'll wait
Pontrello knots the game up at eight.
im on twitter <3
woo! I'm gunna look for it
#1ofmyflaws i cant say no to people
You would have made me change it for something that appeals to a broader audience. Paul Anka anyone?
The wine bar bartenders are chugging wine and rapping to "What's Your Fantasy." Oh shit.
56-54 Red Claws at the half!
I tweeted that before I knew it was Joss Whedon. So now I not only care, I am dying to see it! :-)
shld let them read what they want, but encourage independent reading in lvl to lower frustration
We will be serving your favorite Dogs today at the public parking lot on Madison in Greenwood (just across from Take Root) (11am-2pm)
Road trip to six flags w/ Bianca and rere
#MobileWorldCongress #Mobile #World is coming up in a week. GRC will be there!
aw thanks
"All men should strive, to learn before they die, what they are running from, & to, & why." ~James Thurber... What's YOUR what, where & why?
'Evian' spelled backwards is 'naive'...
T - 20 min to American Idol. Tune into fox for an all new eppisode. Then after the show tweet who ur favorites were tonight.
Everything is running fine for us on our end. Sorry you got a hiccup!
Todays P.E lesson was just to MUCH !!! 4 me 2 take. I'm to younge 2 be doing stuff like that !!!
I'm sure she appreciates you calling other girls cute.
yush it is o.O
I still believe in Happy Endings, it's up to me to make it happen
#SuperBowlParty Pack features: local made Salsa, Salem Cheese straws, Giacomo Salami & Calico Cheese for $14.75 ($23 value) w/ Wine purchase
Gonna restock the fridge with some Guinness baby!!!
yeah but was absent one day so i have to do one thing unfourtunately.
Yeah. My 21st birthday.
NKY WIB is focused on serving employers by providing services to dislocated workers and serving youth by offering training that is align ...
Im gonna tweet until he notices me. (I sound desperate lol)
well ill be waiting for that one day :P
I am! RT : As of 4:41pm, officially going to Hotlanta in November for MCN 2011. Who's with me?
:) When do you come back to Nashville, lady?!
that doesn't mean they aren't taking note
that's always good! :) busy, busy at the studio too! cheers to another productive week. Go us! :D
Thanks for the RT! Funny fact: my truly gifted sts love the approach; "school-smart" kids resist, want wksheets
Dem Franchise Boyz
She No Neighbors W/Jada,She Aint No Dam DungenDragon She Got The Pumps But No Medicine She a Stupid Hoe Ha Yeah Thats YSheMadxDNickiMinaj(:
leave me the fuck alone
Ecc 5:10 He who loves money will not be satisfied with money, nor he who loves abundance with its income. This too is vanity.
How do you search all tweets on HootSuite?
so awesome
hahaha! I thought of a wyr the other day for u! - be allessandra and date francisc for 2 years or be beyonce for your life
might be the realest person I know... maybe
ima sleep good in a few hours tho
you right y'all CAN win but y'all WONT
Another month. Another year. Another smile. Another tear. Another winter. Another summer too, But there can never be another you ♥
In other Budden news, he and Chris Brown will be performing Beat It on the upcoming MJ tribute album.
The rumors are true.. will be here May 12th! RUMOUR Saturday 'Get Familiar' Edition hosted by iRockParties!
the pleasure was all mine, I assure you.
Hey out there. Had car trouble today and never got to follow up as planned. Will do tomorrow (Jerusalem time). Have a great day. -douggieb
Awesome- see you there! :)
Okay, thats enough. BYE. I hate it don't like it
I am sorry i got out of the shower and read this but completely forgot to reply. But anyway thank you and im glad i found the right
you got close to home to reply to you. Good deal
to be beautiful, everyone is beautiful.
I'm pissed I just turned and snatched my lashes off I wanna cry!
First #Oscar acceptance - short, to the point. Learn from him people!
zombies and southern troopers over bootleggers any day
so pumped for ur Unplugged Album:) 30 days left
Whoa. Anthony Davis with the underbite fangs.
So glad i have another year... I never wanna leave this place
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a millionaire? A bunny with money.
Way to go mountaineers!!!!
Have to be up at 4:45am...not stoked -_-
about time Epoxy got laid, that dudes been so tense lately.
Lord create in me a clean heart and renew a right spirit within me
Still working up photos from the airport shoot, and finding gems from shoots long past.
should get more exercises..
I need new piercings
thnks for the follow
I just connected my account with Google+. Be one of the first to have Google+ added to your !
I'm taking it your not a lifestyle coach- lol- Brooklyn though -woot woot
DJing at This Thursday $2 Anything In The Bar
W.beyondthescoreboard.net kris humphies is the most hated in the smh why? Kris Getting divorced is getting too much attention
Can't see that they're the worst organization in NFL right now? They were never prepared in pre-season.
weed look like a xmas tree
Can't wait to destroy the rest of my costume at tonight's run!
Money Train
Bye Bye unfollower. *waves*
alrighty, looking forward. thanks!
awesome thanks!
had she known the diff she would have bought the Sprint plan for almost the same price. And if the tech could have...
If you love short films, stop in and see the Oscar-Nominated Live Action & Animation programs opening tonight!
sounds dry & sandy
just makes the day go by slow
busting out Oh Sweet Nuthin from #TheVelvetUnderground right now...oh yeah!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
BERNE,BABY,BERNE! Objections to class action settlement Filed 2.8.2010 www.screenrights.net www.stefanavalos.com/index.html ©=Human Right
No not really but i hope you ICONiacz in Canada have a chance to meet the boyz too!
....Did Niall pee?
RT IF YOU HATE HOMEWORK
lol just saw it.
boxer-briefs are most superior underwear
he's the only coach that can crack through my tough guy exterior and Make a difference in my life
Cole Hamels getting suspended today might be as dumb as sticking the Stros in Milwaukee to play the Cubs.
On July 9th in Chicago will you be at the kickball games? Is there any way I can talk to whoever runs your foundation?
ok cool
I love you
Great article about "Girls," but still wishing someone would address the show's complete lack of racial diversity.
Well, that's another round of government forms down. -___-;
i love you.
any feedback on the new #flannelfriday website?
holy crap your paintings are awesome!
Me2!!!how many cody stuff or cody merch do u have!?if many how many also if tweet me the same!
You sure can! I'm a witness! Im always there to bring your dress down when it rides up! #alwayslookingout haha
Att: biz owners, if you don't have a Facebook page, get one now and claim your vanity URL. U no longer need 25 friends to do so. Nice.
The tshirt pre-order with free stuff ends soon! :o
Finding treasure with Nicolas cage
Going to hit balls.
home based business ideas
you're a great tweeter!
All i see is shaws tiny ass tryn to do the squeeze
And we have the most boring airport...
hee hee If this was in regards to my 'UX according to Vanilla Ice' talk - no fruit was flung so I'm calling it a win! /cc
And in honor of our 35th Birthday we are having a sweet sale. Buy $35 in used book and get $5 off!
But minimalism's for me! (Hi Tara!)
RT All for wine...& Wine for all!
oh my I just bought dinos today-- so glad to connect. Cannot believe it!
Ugh! No purse hook in this public restroom?!
You can never make the same mistake twice, because the second time, it's not a mistake, it's a choice.
Not sure, I try not to tell people how to characterize their identity on these themes. They often have given them great thought
i dnt tell ya mann to write me wat u trippin on gurl
If you love Christian then follow his doggy dolche (LilB)
Agreed! Hard AI folks hard to stomach. But hard to compare insects & software both can be successful in their niches. Not a "ladder"
come for a drink!
be sure to bump my new shit i edited the fuck out that hoe bump it "riding round my city"
ive come to realize that relationships are over rated all i need is a stiff drink and a stiff dildo and im good to go
Happy St. Patrick's Day to our Irish friends and family. Enjoy this fine day of festivity.
andy u mother ugh i wont even say it u never told me u HAD A TWETER
Happiness is when you realize you already have what is wearing in her latest post.. I must have good taste!
RT this if you got a gift you felt like returning...
well, I'm staying up that's for sure, the studying part is a little iffy right now.
Sorry #BYU! Wish I could be more sympathetic... but I can't.
Yes! Made it into a sold out show! Score!
The panel was in agreement that Xactly’s multi-tenant, (truly) cloud-based comp is critical
More than 150 new products to be unveiled at the Dallas Home & Gift Market this week...stay tuned!
I WAS WONDERING MAYBE ONE DAY WE CAN DO SOME WORK TOGETHER IF YOU ARE INTERESTED
likes to lick peoples feet she told me..
yeaa i would LOVE to! im sending the pic now! -Melanie
what are the chances that you will ever notice me again? you have SO many followers noww! :(
always goose as represented by my flag in the dorm
Ok I think I'm done with the #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle tweets...most likely.
Enjoyed connecting IRL w/ , great insight, ideas & energy
thank you so much! you are truly a beautiful person!
Thanks for the surprise visit at work! I hope the men's floor didn't disappoint your discerning tastes.
Definition of evil! ;-).. however.. well played
#SXsacrificing lunch for this #LeanStartup session
I know!!!! It doesn't make you any cooler.
RT news calls for snow in nm...where is it?
best friends make the best lovers..
sorry he freeze up against good teams
man that drive is long and boring. I make it almost once a month
oh no!
I was watching a commercial for 'Think Like a Man', thinking it would be pretty funny to watch, but then I saw Chris brown was in it..fail.
Will be to arrive where we started And know the place for the first time
because some people like to post neked chicks on there. :o
Changed our name from Mahone_For_Ever to BeliebInMahone_ (:
I've been playing Mad Gab for 6 months... I would CRUSH people in that game....
I'm partying right now. Actually, I'm earning money. Not really partying.
naw i have to go tomorrow early in da morning lol
Moved my office to the front porch because it's Friday and I can.
I got 99 problems and charleston Heston in the bible movie is one
my 2000th tweet goes to my beautiful smart ass funny bully ass tall ass baby sis ily stink a butt
Yo!!! Big Shout Out to one of my True Niggas Happy Birthday Bro!!
Yep. Lots of gimmicks. And dudes playing up their own kids. Both shameless!
My Dad says he is going to sue you too.
sorry, I didn't make it concession stand. I stayed out on t-ball field to help get it ready.
Everything is going mobile, including console gaming. I imagine the controller being the system, like a Wii and DS combined.
I want some old school focus hope oven grilled cheese bread
for all of y'all hittin ATX for SXSW.....make sure to get a hold of Got a nice spot for y'all artists to record. #Feature$
The schticky what the eff man?! Stick to sham-wow! You are not Billy Mays! Stop trying!
Brand Marketing 101 - Social Media!
However, PR skills can be taught on top of other backgrounds. I actually started in engineering b4 PR.
It doesn't say it on the order or anything?! wow I hope you are!<3
All the GOP knows is rhetoric, lies, hate, obstruction..
You'll probably be seeing them weekly :-). But I'm sure Shelli could get you a copy of the photo we took yesterday...
Can't wait to see our friends in #Albany again- this Friday 10p Also on the bill is Gonna be ragin'
Happy Birthday ! I hope you liked your "fan in a box" from This episode is too funny. I love ELLEN!!!
Santotium comes across as a girl going thru puberty but would probably make a great VP
Making pistachio encrusted tilapia...we'll see how it turns out.
Swag drippin like ice cubes hair in the predator days...
I Will Be Famous...
Best way to watch the & on is to put the TV on MUTE and listen to Marty on
eat a homeless dick
One hundred days until #Christmas, let's get ready people!!!
Great talking to and others at
omg. I cannot believe I said goodnight before 11pm. I'm so tired it feels like 4am.
Strictly 5 minutes each! Let's go the audience is ready!
Go get one of your ace reporters on this story! NomNomNom! It aint' over yet!!!
I have used let's lunch and its worked pretty well minus a few bugs.
Why does such so badly? Why can I only see 10 search results when it tells me I can only see the first 100? Show me the other 90!!
"The going up, was worth the going down" -Mike Ditka
Awesome new motion reel dude! Who is the music by? Catchy song.
Be seeing you tomorrow!
Thanks very much for the follow!
Exactly 2 months from today, my little sister's getting married in sunny SoCal. Let the countdown begin!
He say he dnt deserve me bt I see tha potential in him
I was rooting for Joshua.His voice was amazing....but I guess I will have to settle for jessica bcuz Phillip is boring to me
I have so much to do, I have to manage this time better!
I dnt give a fcc period
love you!
SKINS FEST in #Europe in April #B&W Audio/Video Festival in Portugal
Replay shows safe. Wow.
says current online coupon/deal craze not sustainable; need intrinsic reward vs jumping through hoop for $
RT : Checked out yet?
pumped to start shooting ON THA GRIND!
might possibly have a job interview tomorrow. Hope I get it. I'm in serious need of money.
chicken marsala is the best is it really low in calories how can something that perfect be good for you
Lazy Sunday means no cooking! We'll take care of it for you!
This weather makes me want summer so freakin bad!
It was unexpected! I didn't know the graduation ceremon would be outside, no shade, THREE hours... #
haha awwh dont i feel loved, i miss you too !
When your ex boyfriend trys to sext your best friend...
We could learn a lot from crayons. Some are sharp, some are pretty and some are dull. Some have weird names and all are different...
I neva got a follow back
#AchievementInCinematography goes to
lol.i never said facebook.but that is in with twitter too
Be on the lookout! “: Will you be handing out tiny underwear again? #PRSMS ”
Looking for a Photo Archives Manager for an entertainment firm in Beverly Hills, CA. Will be responsible for the development and implement…
In PA headed to New Yorkm
"You really can change the world if you care enough." - Marion Wright Edelman
Is there a way to join through edits like in FCP? I haven't seen that feature mentioned. Thx!
Who exactly is Austin Mahone????
I want ice cream!
I think I followed u long before a long time ago but I don't think these were available at that time (see next tweet)
and low scoring. I love it
THANK YOU. SOMEONE UNDERSTANDS.
#wearemagic go magic
I don't always finish the punchline, but when I do,
presents today at
Thanks for the retweet. :-)
O might do! I'm going to a thing that evening but I might stop after :) Also I think revision event is being planned for Sun.!
We really need to practice our free throws
Still thinking, I will let you know when I think of it
strong night... Good seein u homie!
My mom just shot the tv because Bristol palin didn't win.
Hey guys! We've got a show on Monday at UNF in the 3rd floor ballroom of the student union at 730. It's a free show too:) see ya there!!
#SignsUrAHoodRatMother You take your child with you as you go out running the streets
I'm not tell far into it, but it feeds my insomnia! Get on it woman!
I get so emotional when you’re not around. That emotion is called joy. :') -- autocorrects () @
im good (with a headache) u?
I also have a theory that with most of my job, if I'm doing it right, people shouldn't notice...
yes, a very cool machine! Love the brains behind it. I was at the Cosi in Alexandria, VA on King Street/Washington Street.
you guys are both fags
Left Hand On The Steerin' Wheel Right Hand On That Pussy
happy with our new followers and
that's awesome dude
Sadly, no. But, it was still awesome!
Math PIck 19: The Number Devil: A Mathematical Adventure by Hans Magnus Enzenberger, Rotraut Susanne Berner, and Michael Henry Heim. Mid+
yeahh true.. Haha well hope you had fun! :)
What three words describe you? (Only three.)
It's trick or treat on Southport now.So get on down here.We have lots of treats, you just have to bring the trick.Try our Pumpkin Spice Chai
Hope you had a great Easter!
#AustinMahone is moving to Miami I think I'm gonna cry actually you know I am crying #DontLeaveTexas !!!!!;"(
Indeed. would love to see some links. thanks :-)
what hotel are we staying at? Text me please x.
Man shit please people if u look like hell put on a shirt, it is not that hot out..:-) :-)
I love you! You're perfect, and you're all time on my mind! Follow me please! You & your songs are amazing *-*.
We hear something really tasty might be coming to Davis Square! Tasty Burger! Um...yum! We'll keep y'all posted when we hear more.
Nope, not at the San Francisco mixer last night - original plan was to fly out but life intervened. Did you have fun?
RT I don't wear my pants under my ass I don't want any man looking at my ass in the wrong
Feds won't allow Dianne Feinstein to re-solicit donors of campaign cash stolen by crooked treasurer via
im very well thanks.. why you ask?
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 10
Tonight would be a great night not to be working til 9...I'd love to be out right now drinking
loved so much he's back for more!
jammin on the way to pepper pod with some bros :)
#salsa workshops with Andy Cruz start at 1pm today at La Fogata!
Sometimes I just want to throw my phone off the wall...
One thing I have loved about today is people from other countries are here remembering this day with us! Thank you guys! RIP 9/11 Victims<3
you just missed our Friday dance party and Gary from AIS even joined in on the fun. He's got some moves, but nothing on Jenny
Soccer: Robson: Jose Mourinho can succeed Ferguson Manchester United legend Bryan Robson believes Jose Mourinho has the right credential
i don't know what this means. what's a chest wig?
Of course amidst the back pain, this is the week my building's elevator is out of service for repairs. I live on the 5th floor. Do the math.
Luckily happened to notice the mug/teabag in my hand, or I might still be wandering around the 3rd floor, wondering why I'd walked up there.
Thank you for the RT!
wide awake. SO awake. what's cool about being this awake at 6am? nothing. cause there was no sleep prior to this. today's theme: red bull!:)
The Education Department does conduct background checks but the boom in arrests has some calling for stricter controls...
Thorough I suppose? Tunnel vision form email dev?
Graham Greene~ It is impossible to go through life without trust That is to be imprisoned in the worst cell of all oneself.
What if I never came back ..
ay don't u got burger king on your base ? Lol
I almost just got attacked by a pack of squirrels. True story. I think there is a turf war going down now that I uncovered the sand box.
lmao. Son I'm starving.....I could kill someone and eat them
Race To Witch Mountain <3
“: ” want a visual?”. Me: does iPhone have panoramic camera lens?”. Ouch........
fosho I can dig it...
#BloodDrive #Fishers #RaiseYourSleeve Thx for the RT! I need to break down and get an #iphone so I can set up
BROKEN GLASS presents CYMBELINE - OPENS TOMORROW! Special code for all of our followers: $8 TIX for OPENING NIGHT 8/17: OPENING817
looks fantastic. Enjoy.
send ur writing partner a "friendly reminder" to hurry up.
My deep thoughts could make Stevie wonder
WHAT!? Did u record?
Lmfao, now your a sexy bitch your justins abbs!
#ogw Dear City Council: Enough with the PDF already!
WHERE AM I GOING TONITE
Agreed! RT We got in the studios. Not a bad way to start out the week.
He's , actually. You're spelling it wrong ;)
Is it really wrong for me to point out that this means you may soon have a new customer?
#NDAA This is so fucked. I will be leaving the country in the fall, and if NDAA is still around, I won't be coming back.
I'm bringing my boyfriend, a coworker, and a client! They better stay away from my Younger!
You're sitting in the chair, life is passin you by. You keep procrastinating, "Well, maybe I'll vote for Diggy tomorrow. NO DO IT RIGHT NOW!
-- airing out kimonos / as well as her heart / is never enough #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
I love marketing spam email that begins with "Hello Brad". Ahem. My name isn't Brad.
-dying- my mom called One Direction "One Republic"
Most Dope!
Writing my English essay<<<<<<
We could be at the beginning of a beautiful, if gruesome, new writing relationship... #FF back atcha!
chilling now
Hi Dani, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
The breakthrough is coming... #USWNT Our gals are hungry!
#funfact ... just a warning... I just found a great "fun facts about dance" website.
Great time with at . Great event. Go if you have the chance.
getting turnt up double strength HAM for lob city wish it was a game action
I call my dad Atticus
Doors are opening up. You will be able to sit and dine with us real soon.
not only does it show up more in boys but girls are on the spectrum have many different issues
double booking not drama yet. how far is little rock from dallas again? sigh.
well shhhhh i aint no u was making phone calls im jealous
these games are often amazing. Become a #Mizzou fan!
Thanks, ! Very happy that you're joining us this summer.
...Good thing I trust my main man HARBAUGH all the way :) All the way to the Super Bowl BAYby!
With Starks, Saine and a (hopefully) healthy Green, is there any cap benefit for doing something with Grant?
Will someone be so kind to hop over to our facebook page and tell me if you are able to view the new pics we just uploaded.
all u guys need to need STOP hating on julian cuz i swear.. just dont ok DONT
It is getting really weird on glitchfm the stinky cheese incident cheese photoshoot 2?
: likewise, have a wonderful Sunday
mythology for almost 3 hrs is very depressing -_-
Gonna try this twitter thing
im so proud of me
Dear Jesus, I can afford wine. How about you start turning water into gas?
I say i do i do i do i do lol
schooling Show. Brilliant.
What a great quote thanks!
Audition for H.E.B
Back to coffee, back to bags under the eyes. #butmaybebagscanbesexy?
Technical problems- all fixed now!
Thank ya! RT : love the song She Only Wanted Flowers
The bad news...is I just got jumped. The good news...I think Im in the gang!
Thx! :) RT : Got interview questions back from This will be a fun one to work on
I need your customer support for technical question - whom can I contact? I've emailed support - no response so far :-(
Our house, once again, has been invaded by Japanese ladybugs, who drop into dinner plates & tightrope walk baseboards. Very García Márquez.
I should have listened to all the homer tweets of prior to The Dance and put FL going farther.
honestly....I'm so lost now lol!
RT : Tonight on our Creekside Courtyard it's the Clear Creek Jazz Quintet peforming from 6-9 p.m. Join us creekside!
White boy wasted.
Get yo ass back lmao RT : You have stretch marks??? Lemme see ??
that's because it is such a great story!
a very delayed getback. I'm good and u?
Would love to hear your viewpoint...care to post on the Facebook wall?
Thank you! Keep us updated on any SCOOP deep runs
So proud of and all his hard work in rehab. Today he took his first *assisted* steps!
WHO around the BK N MANHATTAN AREA HAS A HD CAMERA AND WANNA BE APART OF THE MVMNT N WE GON BUILD
Sessions were not recorded at #DevLearn. The camera crew shot clips of sessions for the DevLearn highlights video.
I want to move to the south
“: Just decided that I'm getting a T-shirt for to wear tonight! #BFF #Doppleganger” haha love this
Omg haha, anyone see snoop on sports center all reggae out with a beard??
#Disney is closing #SnowWhites Scary Adventure June 1st. They're making way for shops, restaurants, and an indoor
"To score for the sake of scoring diminishes a man. I can't value a woman who won't value herself." -- John D. McDonald
#winning RT : Whoever flagged the fake tweet is disrupting today's impromptu twitter class on fakery and disruption.
#Dontyouhatewhen you wake up from a dead sleep thinking you lost your wallet and have to find it so you can go back 2 sleep in peace
Now that looks Good
Use those lips your lipstick covers.
Just got off the phone w/ ; excited to possibly be iterning for this summer!
NOW PLAYING NEW ARTIST "THE WEEKND" FROM CANADA ON #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
I just dropped a lighter in the toilet
When thinks he knows everything, but he's clearly WRONG about E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G!!! So funny. :)
Breaking Bad is genius but I'm perilously close to having a full blown panic attack every episode.
it's ok, the mall has been going downhill according to mom
Is that a Jackson Guitar?
Lightning around stay put. Safe inside more deaths from lightning in our area than hail or winds
I got another dress you'll love for $7.50, but I need to find a new belt to go with it. B&w graphic print verging on ikat
RT : RT this if you're coming to the #TopChef event tomorrow!!
I have got to start using this thing more.
just hoped out da boof workin on dat new fire you know what it do. check tha store!
Live Music in the Patio Saturday and Sunday!! Free Parking FREE WI-FI Bring your Toys, we love Tweeters. FREE Parking!!
Randy Jackson (every week): "That was the best performance on the show, EVER". Stop it. He's also wearing a small clock on his 3XL suit.
I was at the game too. Horrendous! Second time I've been to opening day and they get shut out. I miss the Sonics! #
Just finished shoot around n play U of H tonight at 7. Let's go Mustangs!
You Read It as "Non-Flammable" .. I read it as "Challenge Accepted"
Suspect reportedly taken into custody at the performaning arts building
I am literally stunned..I've verified it..thx for the info
Now that Rick Santorum is out, does Newt think that he now has a chance.
Wish I was camping
Still nothing. It's so sad.
Just got an interview for Social Media Marketing Assistant for the University of Wisconsin Libraries!
Red-winged blackbirds in marsh next to Ravenna Creek!
Anyone hear about the plane that made an emergency landing on I-75? Can't find an update anywhere.
let me know when the next one is going down. I'll try to make it!
Bout to shoot a vid at my moms house of me hitin that hammerwalk :) swaggn!
Jamie Fuch's house (her mom is David's aunt) on 61 heading out of lynnville
hey me too :D
having sex. dick bends.
Good thing Airport Fire only needed ambo, when they called Milwaukee FD on a analog mutual aid freq. MFD didn't answer, so Oak Creek sent 1
okay cool! Thanks!
I am seeing on twitter that the foodtruck festival is insanely crowded...hope you guys are having fun!
My BF is at a bar with the boys. Girls night? I'm an excellent wingwoman! :D
Chuck #Norris can punch a #cyclops between the eyes...
I really like the new show Terriers on FX. Me liking a show is the kiss of death. The countdown to cancellation begins... Now.
San Antonio, TX (White Rabbit) WE ARE DEFIANCE, THE GREAT COMMISSION. TONIGHT!!!
Bitter end tonight. I hit the decks at 10p.m.
Thx RT : In 2years we'll get u that username back RT : I'm now -2 characters shorter than
perfect. Love that.
I see your point, but I'm not sure i agree with this
Or if you're willing to brave the sun head on over to Nashville Shores, but be sure to get half priced tickets at our site!
The best price to sale your own Ebooks on Amazon Kindle is $8.75 for biggest purchasing power
#collegetaughtme that UCF stands for....FUCK ALL THAT SHIT....I'm glad I went...
wait so u only get like 3 days of break ?!? whats wrong with those mariah regina people ??
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
we on some powwow ish in this room feel like I'm in pre k this best be tight
I love my momma
well hello there! Thanks for the follow - I can't believe we weren't following you guys yet!
New flavors of sorbet have arrived - Strawberry & Pomegranate and Blood Orange.
You know if it weren't for divine intervention you would curse that fool out... "I swear." NspiredBy Proverbs 16: 1
Shit happens, but you just have wipe your ass and move on!
do you have the demo schedule for Saturday Grand Tasting available?
Submitting my 2011 ad in a few - thanks to for the amazing photography!
just heard a story on local news ,a couple put their newborn in the freezer and left her ..TERRIBLE.they'll let any1 b a parent
We're not still running the program but we're always down to trade floats for artwork. e-mail =)
Working on a new website for A & A Safe, Lock & Door. (www.aaofga.net/cms) Tell me what you think?
at this weekend! Saw #seekingasianfemale now onto
OK, just saw a spider the size of a small bird in the house.
Love her!!! Saw her (closer up) when we were in NOLA when I was 16!
i won't though hahaha! i'll end up doing it all again!
Omg Crazy-Neighbor-Guy came into my work tonight with...wait for it...remember "Are-Pot-And-Weed-The-Same-Thing?"-Guy!!!!
Yeah, well, there's still another hour or so to go.
just seen d rose. I almost cried. Damn why him...
Hello ! Im joining !!! Did you join mine ?
Nice work Gamel!! Keep up your hard work!!
lol that game was pitiful
I was thinking about that one too.
I feel so out of touch, social media-wise. Apparently my Twitter app has been logged out on my phone for 78 days and I didn't notice. Oops.
Poll greeting for & We're gonna win this one!
thanks for the 411 on #smcmke Enjoy your visit and your wings!
Johnny Lee Miller will play Dr. Frankenstein on the 6th and the Creature on the 7th.
our last few tweets gave me nightmares lol
Going on a walk with my girls :)
my daughter graduates on Thursday from Ft Jackson US Army basic training.
What?! Text me and enlighten me with what I have done.
hah! I have a #tinychihuahua too-our friendship is likely shallow & based on food alone. hey, that's life when you're adorable
las vegas get down to secret gentlemens club tonight. come get a dance and get drunk. ill be there from 6pm-??? xoxo
I received +K about Volkswagen from Thank you Sir!
Thank you for asking! Give us a call towards the end of May: 773.528.8226. RT : what is the info for the kickball league?
how are the over class subjects in school effecting the students
no imm not '
It's so weird seeing my name on credit card as the owner of a business. It's the kind of weird I can get used to.
I'm finally starting to feel human again. Now let's just hope this cough doesn't stick around for 3 months
why u dont call or text no mas?
MITTANIC. A political disaster movie, soon available in 3D.
Are you in #Asheville, #Hendersonville or #WNC? Looking for an opportunity? Make money sampling #coffee. 828-233-5857
what do those symbols mean?
#beardsleyumn when do you expect 32-channel cochlear implants to come on line and will you upgrade?
#WWE12 The Intercontinental Championship.
Im performing at the shrine on the north side of chicago cant wait
Yup. Both of them. I know, it's pretty impressive.
At the library waiting to go to the indiana room with
lol yup same here
Oh man, you just pissed off a whole city. Haha. Those are fightin' words in our parts.
I'm heading out to audition for a feature film...
Well if he did you know everybody about to be on his ass
#lazinefest seemed great, but I felt claustrophobic and had to flee. I did bump into on the way out. Literally. Sorry.
7 mins 4pm, so I'm just going to declare it officially HAPPY HOUR!!
Join us tomorrow!
Update: Doc's Assit came out & now lil man has 2 have 3 teeth pulled & spacers put in, said he should feel a lot better:-)
Work your hardest. Think your smartest. Dream your biggest. Be your greatest. Love to your fullest. Smile your brightest.....YES! :))
is looking for a Sr. Tax Accountant - EXCELLENT GROWTH OPPORTUNITY!! Pays 50-55K. Email your resume to **
Listening to empire of the sun
Well this will tell you how much of a dork I am. I knew it was wrong the first time I heard it.
You're welcome. I've always loved your writing.
1.5 hours work time for HR Harassment Online Course=1.5 Hours I will NEVER get back.
I feel defeated beyond belief.
lol...that is awesome!!!!!
u kno we hv to mess with u lol!
The annual mtg stage looks great...stands tall and bold. Just like columbUS!
PS I love the u.u and ñ.ñ faces.
Just shot you a DM... though I see you're standing on the set so you're not seeing this at the moment! ;)
Hell nah... You don't get to talk shit about someone and then be sensitive. Nope.
Whhhyy is my basement so cold?!
How are you darlin'?
#NYTM + NASDAQ = Time Sq event. Don't know about you but count me in !
ok :) you have any favorite video game?!
Things are not memorable. People are memorable. Tell stories about your people. No one cares about a picture of your building.
I have final exams next week...
I can't stand folks that walk around holding a damn baby room to room!
It&#39;s taken us 25 years, but we found Springfield
Worst part of Braun appeal is because they're normally confidential, no idea if it normally takes 2 day, or 25.
sigh... hows this working. </3 hows this gonna be in the future. If there is one.
at a nursing facilitya
This is just one of those "twitterific" days where I feel like I run into everyone + go everywhere I follow on twitter
Right about now I could go for the lemon blueberry cake made for Easter. Told you we shoulda made 2 cakes.
what the? no.. I will not buy you a corndog. I'll just buy you the corn..
No. On iPhone.
hey don't make fun of me!
Good luck! Give us a call if we can help!
:O you don't remember! Dramafest!
some people don't know what they want out of life
Wanna read something creepy? Jack Ketchum, The Girls next door. Jack is a BAD MAN! But a great writer.
watching Chris Bosh on FX
It's too hot for this shit !
next time you should bring your own satellite with you or cell tower lol
Sippin on Gin & "Juice" OJ to stay in prison durring appeal. But he's such a likeable guy............. Hope he enjoys his Pruno!
It's the last day of class! I'll miss you, students, but I'm so thrilled to be able to devote my days to my textbook.
Twitter is way too quiet when isn't tweeting :)
RT : Tomorrow is Season Announcement Day! Join us here to learn @ 2012/13 & for a chance to win free tix throughout the day.
ha! RT : I'm sorry. Did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours? (via )
Raise your hand if boss sends you an email on Sunday morning that starts with "Pressure. Is. On."
We'll be checking in to keep fans updated on all things Fanfest right here tonight and tmrw from Atlanta!
