To do the useful thing, to say the courageous thing, to contemplate the beautiful thing: that is enough for one man's life.
Good Morning everyone :)
RT : VIDEO: Happy Paella Mondays everybody! Come to Yerba Buena and enjoy our delicious paellas
Kind of what I was thinking also-
thanks for the mention!
So being that Pocket Wizards triple the price of other transmitter brands, I'm gonna try out the CowboyStudios version. Crossing my fingers!
We have our winners from the 2012 Annual Customer Service Satisfaction Survey. Beth D from 686, Stephen Z. from 533 & Joanna W. from 329
My teacher is always late to class.
Come on Hawks! This is a must-win game.
Gma Kneeland was kinda sour the last few times I beat her at dominoes. Guess I'll let her win tonight. Won't be easy- I'm a lil competitive!
Was suppose to chill tonight but the call never came in so hmu
If Tebow's out there I'd be all over him for a bye week fill in, he'll be solid against Detroit at home
“: There are enough preservatives in a bag of Doritos to mummify a small dog.” I doubt it, but let's try!!
#PGA #Golf has become MUST SEE TV! Rors hears #Tiger Roars & WINS #TheHondaClassic! Golf has a new #1! Congrats #RoryMcIlroy!
Thanks for the intro! RT : meet - be friends!! I ♥ u both, and you're neighbors... sorta? xo
Be a Beta user! We’re collecting emails on www.findunifi.com, and will let you know when it's available
No?? What happened with you guys?
don't forget to mention missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht. last seen on water street saturday night.
Gorgeous sunny day here in Chicago - come glide with us on this beautiful spring day!
A word of advice. "Live every week like its shark week!"
Audition Tip: There's no one song that's going to get you a job... Remember, they don't hire the song, they hire the singer!
Follow these tweeters for some diverse insights ; ; ; ;
Graduate college. Dad's birthday. win.
I want to weary glittery uggs it needs to get cold in florida geesh i want be a little lighter lol
#BREAKINGNEWS: FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts says Charlie Hales is the 1st place winner in Portland Mayoral race.
seeing you everyday & feeling so awkward since we dont talk anymore .
If I wanted to study to the sight & smell of you scarfing down popcorn shirmp & chicken fingers...I would of gone to Golden Corral not here.
What are your plans for #SocialMediaWeek?
RT : Thanks for the follow Christine Happy New Year! ~Hope your New Year has gotten off to a great start Janet!
Tonight, I'm going to check out Dan Faehnle and the tribute to Wes Montgomery at the Fairfield Community Arts Center. Stop by!
Presented at the Babson Rocket Pitch event today #babsonrp - met some great people, at a great event
thank god you made it!!! My favorite even before idol. #blujays #idol <3
"Gangbang Interviews" and "Bikini Shots": Silicon Valley’s Brogrammer Problem, by in /via
because they re made in china and only cost 12 or 15 dollars there
Z time. Big run n the AM.
Every morning we will debut a new artist from the islands! All of which will be available on our blog!!!
<3<3<3 see you when I get back!
I don’t even remember though I was probably hella bent
Running a little late, but its a beautiful day so I'm good.
Im determined to see #REDTAILS :)
Correct. RT : So, the injunction that the judge put on the WHP de-funding of PP is now lifted? Shit.
simple, let me love you girl
i wanna dance with somebody who loves me, who i'm saving all my luv 4, who i will always luv, and i'll never have 2 ask, "how will i know?"
I miss you, I just don't know if I should tell you.
Now listening to Hypatia Vourloumis on Athens and sounds of a European Other; musical practice in crisis/emergence/emergency
what is a dispatch show?
Just tried the Doritos taco. Bet I won't drive 900+ miles to get one and I only went maybe a 1/10th of a mile to get one
You cant progress in life without paying dues.
Unfortunate news for Wilson Ramos. Thought this could be his breakout year. Big loss for nationals too.
Back HQ with and #documentary time!
haha yeah i work tens so friday is a day off for me..if only all days where like this. What u up to?
Thanks but what the F is up with sharing MY confidences with others???!!!
lol. Rafa does not choke. At least, he didn't used to. Well, Blue Clay, see ya. We hardly knew you :)
here we come. Ready for day four of #p90x at 5:15am tomorrow.
Hello Austin :)
": Happy Mothers day. And mom, thanks for letting me pop out of your bergina when I was a little munchkin"
Getting used 2 google docs & setting up course materials. I begin teaching at a new university Tue, yet to gain access 2 online resources
that was so rude
What's your favorite #fitness routine?
We're wishing for the cure too!! Good Luck!! :)
Oh good thing it's a short day!
I HATE when that happens!!
oh Good Morning lovebirds ;)
Yesterday I was wearing at tank top and flip flops... Today I am wearing a sweater and scarf!
"ROCKET!" Is that like when dogs see a SQUIRREL!?
It wouldn't exactly be fair if you were smart, awesome AND eminently likeable, now would it?
Check your dm
well, French 75's are not a tuesday night drink.
5th graders seem to agree, art museum tours are boring. Tey speak from experience, they've been on ten tours since Kindergarten.
Tallying up the turds & blossoms.We can tell you already that Fiorina has a strong lead.
hey, shoot us an email with your current address so we can send it! We've been waiting to hear back from you! :)
School went SMOOTH for me lol I thought so tho
I just spent 10 minutes trying to figure out how to tweet you back Seriously...I forgot everything! Tweet meet soon??
Oh. To many words. Now I see.
i have 159 tweets wow
RT RT : "Tis better by far at the rainbows end to find not a pot of gold but the heart of a friend."~Unknown
One org worked with felt "twitter was too much" so would focus on FB. #laskysymp // Really? Facebook seems more overwhelming.
Thanks for the follows everyone :)
Saturday, May 5th: Kentucky Derby, FA Cup Final, NBA Playoffs, NHL Playoffs, Mayweather vs. Cotto, etc. Exciting day to be a sports fan.
soo was there a twitcam today?
The important thing is not what others think of me, but what I think of me.
if only we could go back in time...
#AutoRepair Fix It Yourself: Oil Change
Get your shower beer on Pre Show
heard Board Room is slammed already! coming hard tomorrow night
im always fucking up
I received the books a few weeks ago. They look quite good. Will be reading in the next few days. Thanks again.
New adventures coming to the Social Solar System as the Alliance with gets even stronger.
Wouldn't mind seeing them myself ;-) & u going to my state RT : No way I'm about to be in Texas with virgin skin just to...
You are too funny :)
#OKStateProbs or #OKStateEntertainment? Preacher Bob was the BEST!
welcome to dc!
March 20 & 21 at the Metropolitan room have been Canceled! March 28 & 29 are still happening.
are there minimum traffic requirements for online media registration this year?
Twitter IS a good investment.
Yikes few minutes late for first growthcoach meet
So I can't enroll MY child because I am a step parent !!!
I'm a rapper
I think you meant to say "Journalist? Really?"
Nope. I've never been to Ann arbor before!
i dont want just annyone to hold :O
Don't know if they exist...“: A relationship means giving the best of yourself to someone that truly deserves it”
VCs, deans, profs, entrepreneurs "judging" #lawwithoutwalls projects giving students more tools in 2 days than they get in 3 ys of school
thank u I'm looking forward to those better days
Going to be an interesting show tomorrow...
thanks !!!' not bad for putting that together on one night.
who u talkin bout jess
Jackson: If the state has done this to us, we have to have some recourse
Just want to thank sponsors Bright Settings for their contribution to our Kick-Off celebration! Thx, you made all the difference!
bring it.
I feel like this would only result in a very sore zack
Mfs beefin out here ova dese hoes gonna shoot sum1 & not have bail...HaHa!!! She won't visit or answer prepaid calls nor send u a dollar...
RT if you love your mom <3
Hey #etrade. retire the talking babies already. Not that cool in the first place
Well I had to just look for an old tweet to find you, cause u change u name. Wat a gwarn dardi?
I'm gonna pull a Romney and say let Hulu fail. I've sampled Plus, hate the online interface, and content limited on devices.
This gallery for is sick! It's like we are following Happy Gilmore or something. "just go home! R u too good for your home?"
Looking forward to the Digital Fan Marketing Summit today in Marina del Rey.
say it ain't so, Packers release Nick Collins
Thanks for the mention. Love reading the
There should be some sort of whistle or horn one can blow to round 'em up!
thank you, I appreciate it. :) <3
Just wanted to say that I really enjoy your videos love the colors and editing style, especially like the chris ans busta one
I have #hashtagfever call the doctor.... Tweet tweet..... Tweet tweet.... :-)
Flac Attack all day. Fragile Felix takes 3 weeks to recover from 20 carries.
Filed under the list of things I find extremely annoying: NPS sites using Twitter ONLY to tweet Facebook links. I'm begging, plz just stop!
RIP Jim Marshall, inventor of AMP energy drink. R-T if you love Caffeine!
that's how i felt about my sabbath day. SO good, lots of good stuff... exhausted!
I ain't get at all chump! Y'all couldn't hit me pus
isn't that the one with usher ???
Nothing more rage instilling than customer service. "Please don't xfer me to an automated menu"...Am xfered from a live person to menu
good meeting you yesterday. I was the one helping with wristbands at hotel
make me say it ;)
Excited for our #CHIPlayDate today with & 10:30 - 12:30 join us, reduced play rate.
well hey! :D
New York City is not the rest of the country, show me that chart, it will be bullish.
Looking forward to your visit--thank you for choosing to celebrate here. (We hope to see you on returns on Chicago.) /
Cleaning out closets...YUK....my same problem!
GoodNight Beautiful :p
PickUpLine: If I take off my clothes, will you make love to me?
Eat than headed to gym for more gym time !
Yes sir!!! You will be welcome with open arms! Less than 2 Months and Martin will be my new home !
Is there something we can help you with?
Yeah! Girl Empowerment Program awarded KHF recognition grant! You Go Girls!
Going to
U.S. Open Picks in no particular order: Dustin Johnson, Angel Cabrera, and K.J. Choi
Squidward: 'Spongebob, I actually DO like you!' Spongebob: 'Squidward, I used your clarinet to unclog my toilet!'
RIP My Yagga TOY !
Just finished an amazing workout. I'm in training. lol - Now time to get to business.
DJing at the Ray Ban House 80 Rainey street. Free Beer.
Is anyone left at home? Florida is packed. Vacation?
I want a kiss from all of them ah
Holy shit I've tweeted more today than since I made this freaking thing.
I went to high school in Edmond. I have to say you are really doing Edmond proud. Love you.
I am a Realtor with FirstWeber Group. I also own CL Construction & Flooring. Tell about your next home project. Chris Lukens.
Since the All Star break my squad went from 10th Place to being 4th as of last night. Now that's a comeback
oh, that's a bit unfortunate
"you can even eat the dishes"
Yeah, what's up with that?
Miller would be late to the final.
Travelers fall for double steal. Poor souls.
i love Gabrielle Smith♥
Hey guys. I'm just sitting here secretly obsessing over Nick Jonas. ;)
Very sad day! Still can't believe the #Bulls season is over!
RT : #YouKnowMyFeelingsAreReal if I get crazy butterflies in my stomach before we hang out..
more language options might help, especially if this is intended for a foreign audience.
i was kidding ya dumbass.
You should tell all your friends to check out The Last Troubadour and don't forget to have them like CGS too.
nice ass
Thanks for the RT Joseph! You're a diehard baseball fan I take it? Given any thoughts on coming out for Legends Week?
Lil EDDIE! What's good man? I see you driving that BMW haha
Looking for family-friendly volunteer opportunities in Thailand. Ideas?
Who wants to teach me how to drive? Lol
I love teens and write about them. In novel, Everest OMG!, 4 teens are climbing Everest, 2 boys, 2 girls. Told by 16 yr old girl.
Going to Texas roadhouse with <3
I wanna go see my friend
I don't wanna go to school tomarrow ! Ughh
I honestly dnt want to go to work! I just wanna sleep!
With scents like chocolate raspberry, agave lime, oatmeal cookie, vanilla latte, and orange spice..how could you NOT wanna eat them?!
« Hate wen ugly girls try to talk to me lol big no no»
How are we supposed to learn if you just give us the answers!!!????!!! ugh knows EXACTLY what I mean!!! WE'RE SCREWED!!
Amazing. RT : The Ice Man cometh!
Stink bug back in maryland :) finally!.
thanks!!! :) now all I need is for a guy to say that to me! :* and life will be good
Yes sure.
"50 Cent Launches Blackjack Facebook Game" #huffpost And for this he got shot 9 times??
Watching it and wtf is up with the big hats?!?!
RT : "It is not length of life, but depth of life." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Did you know that 2 states have enacted legislation mandating electronic w/c claims attachments? 7 are pending & 10 are in discussions
this is so fucking true.
I would always trade a pick for an established proven player
VP of the USA is in town.
HOW CAN PEOPLE BESO SWEET
and you should thank the School system for doing so :p
YUM! Gotta love comfort food - especially healthier versions!
i hope that sometime over the weekend ill be able to post some new vids of me on the piano... been working my butt off to learn new songs!!
What are your marketing plans for the new year? What goals have you set for your business and how are you going to get there?
That workout got me sore
When I hear somebody sigh, "Life is hard," I am always tempted to ask, "Compared to what?"
last year's winner for best new artist is presenting - she looks gorgeous!!!
I wonder how many UL fans thought Pitino would have a Champ by now? I know I did.
Vegetarian and vegan are ancient words for bad hunter and bad fisherman
It's been so long since I've waited for the Division blue line that I don't mind it. Waiting for next train. First too crowded.
"Energy and persistence conquer all things." -- Benjamin Franklin, Inventor
I think I will! But Woodman's baggers are all pretty good.
they think it's because of lebron.. We never sold out last season
the mild, mild midwest. dang.
that's called trifling...
Good morning Alex, have a nice day :}.
Are you part owner yet?
come on bro they both is the best Nba ever had
LOLOLOLOL i was being sarcastic again, im quite sarcasticc.
Christmastime is not merry for carriage horses in NYC!
Wheatley Most people associate command and control leadership with the military
Hey text me your number I got a new phone.
Remind me why seattle's weather is so awful again? Just wow
<------ RONALD S. HUNT II ♥ that's the only ex I still have love for.... love u loser ☺
At the lake! #weekend <3
and Wisconsin has another reason why we are the best state... we now have Miss America yeah baby
RU!! when u comin to the A
The pythons and gators aren't even attacking each other anymore. I have to say, I feel a bit cheated.
worst headache 😔👎
hi all of zendaya's fans
#onethingvideo I'm in love
If you don’t invest very much, then defeat doesn’t hurt very much and winning is not very exciting.... DV
Thank you to everyone who came out and supported the tigers this weekend!
It's #CharityTuesday - spread the word about Library Build and help us create functional #library spaces in public schools!
At any given moment, you have the power to say, "this is not how the story ends."
Mind your manners
If Romney's dad was born in Mexico why doesn't he show his birth certificate. How do we know he wasn't born in a Swiss bank.
thank you so much!!
what ??????? WHAT WHAT WHAT WHAT OMG PLZ DONT SAY DAT *TEARS*
Today was okay I guess..ehh whatever
It's cool. I hate everything right now. No worries.
Chinese Telephones are playing Dan Vapid's record release show.
do you ever record these sessions and put them online?
While 4 generations removed from the "old country", I still flaunt my Norwegian ancestry. A lot of Nordic Pride around here!
Let me win this Mega Millions right quick...
Pizza is the world’s most perfect food. Just my opinion.
Yes!!! We are almost there! I am so incredibly excited.
#OnceYouGetMarriedYouCant hang out with single ppl they are bad influence lol
she's graduating!
18 days left until the Farmers Market opens! What are you looking forward to the most?
crazy day at school! one kid ran away and another punched my best friend in the back of the head!( both boys)
if you click the gear on the top right and change it to Compact it'll look a little more like the old gmail.
Hey guys :) -Diamond
Sleeping on the floor all night because and pushed me out of my bed
WTF is the French connection doing on this premier beat?!? SMDH
Gotta be crafty when shopping at Aldi. If a box is less than 50% full, it will be emptied and it will become mine.
Lorenzo Rhodes Jazz Trio on Friday Night, April 6th, 2012. Smmoth Keyboard oriented Jazz in the Underground Lounge......
Very ver lost n space !
Love that movie. Be sure to watch the DVD extras. I want to be friends with all of those kids.
So...Thursday night at midnight huh? What time would DStreet close? What time are you going to line up?
We want you to feel and look your best on Valentine's Day this year, so make a pre-Valentine's Day reservation with us today!
I'm listening to HP AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE right now!
love the post on an artist's anticipation pre-opening night. Your transparency via digital is both honest and endearing
When your mom needs to go to the hospital. #shitgetsreal :"/ <3
someone put stairway to heaven on the juke box at the tavern. Isn't that against the rules too?
Hard to call it. Thompson and Neumann both with a large showing here at
dam Amanda. I coulda swore u were like ....at least twenty!
"The first thing that could happen is for them to say no." Best advice given. I wouldn't know where I'd be without that wisdom.
What am i supposed to do when the best part of me was always you .
Ahh nice find!
Believe that's the first time Adam has swung on 3-0 this season.
Those days when you wake up in the morning and suddenly hate everyone.
God give us godly leaders that times like this demand.
The guys and I had #meatballsubs from yesterday. Absolutely delicious! right over the bridge from
I love those good ass laughs where u lose your voice lmao.
Thanks! We debated that reward for a while. Maybe a tad high in retrospect...
Finally home and going to bed.
I think this world is too small. Wherever I go I see you
Perk of working for a small firm: not being frustrated by corp. overspending. On a different note, I miss my $800 desk chair.
Meetings with potential new talent today, working on auditions, working on closing out the Friday on a good note, Happy Friday Everyone!
So where is the rally? Takes new money to drive up prices, not short covering. Now need reasons to buy and they are missing. Money implodes
i miss u ): i wish i can go to u but i cant drive my car is not working u r only 4 hours away I LOVE YOU (: <3
I just finished a 2.24 mi run with a pace of 14'05"/mi and a time of 31:37 with Nike+ GPS.
I called a local Parisian sports station to try and talk Collin with them. They didn't seem to pleased when I kept asking them about USMNT.
you're the best Betty!
(tweeting promo stuff, that is. personally, i LOVE giving away books! :)
I am so incredibly blessed to live in Nashville and work with the best. I'm very thankful.
I think its subaru thay got that one car called the WRX which is my initials plus 'X.' i must be destined to comandeer that vehicle
love you too!!!
why do u call me that? lol
how about a follow back! Over here in the office cleaning up my twitter!
relax, still navy but separated
I sear we just had 153 followers! Oh my!
you at the airport, why???
She's all growed up!! And beautiful. Of course!
~Sigmund FreudThere are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction .
That's why we talked about it, and then she put it on twitter. like dude that was our own little private conversation.
I enjoy muffins
lame, he moves people around everyday and they aren't doing anything wrong. Haha oh well
It's Opening Day! Go Cubs!
Hi Joe, I would love to help, but we don't register .es domains. Let me know if you need anything else? ^Carel.
congrats on ur 2nd position pilot! Come to our CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri @ 6pm so we can celebrate!
#DCBloggersBakeSale at is open to all till 6, and the baked goods look and taste AMAZING.
Haha, I'll post 1 more so you can see some are stupid. lol ♥ ♥Bretana♥
I think failed leadership academy.. She didn't pass
That may be more than we needed to know.
Facing cloud or IMhorror in go4#sc2 finals maybe ill get my first tournament win this year? :)
Computers are down and #Dennys here we come. I'm feanin for pancakes!!
Thanks, Jenny! I'm way behind on baking. Love your blog, great pics and recipes!
And then "Check Your Head" we were all like WTF? The straight rap of Pass the Mic, the hardcore tracks, the instrumental jams.
Ahh rain again bo
What in the world? That was nutty.
if you could go anywhere in the world tomorrow, where would you go and why?
Not sure I've seen or heard a more awkward audience than the one in Manchester City. Letting the title slip away on the final day to QPR!?
Need to get someone who can head a cross as well. I have Teal in my club team, but he doesn't fit this game.
RT Morning Tweeps. Off to do some errands. Then perhaps a little exercise thrown in before work. Tweet ya L8r's
Ad Litem => For a lawsuit or action
haha i kno! i live on a rele steep hill so my mom said if we do have school we might not even be able to get off ours st. lol
I'm reading Brooks's _March_ right now (story of Mr. March); I do not want to emulate him: scoundrel!
Must See!: George Clooney on Inside The Actors Studio
God give me some strength so I can finish this day.....
This day is so sad. ):
Better yet, I'll force you to come to TX beer festivals w/ me to "network."
To whom much is given much is expected. God gave us life, so let's live it to its fullest. (aspire 2 inspire b4 u expire) Let's get it :-)
I just left a msg 4 someone in which I sang a made-up theme song for 3 minutes straight... I'm in my thirties...
To be clear, I don't think we should be doing it at all. We should have spent the last 30 years on renewables.
I think I was just improperly influenced by the defense attorney's farts on a restroom break.
I will be taking off at the leisurely hour of 12.45pm. Suckahs. Of course, then I present at 7am the next day.
Very awesome! RT- “: extends a warm heartfelt “thanks” to for their endorsement and great support!”
fish and shrimp...
i had a terrible day. i came to work and found out a co-worker took his own life. you can only push someone so far.....
Gawd, I need Jakkob to give me a new blowout. Maybe I'll stop by the salon after my shopping spree.
oh my God best experience ever in my life :)
1940,s original vintage coke machine for sale! More Deals!
Headed to the bottom of the 9th. Javy Guerra coming out to try and close it out. #Dodgers lead 3-2.
Why do photographers sometimes use the stupidest portraits of themselves?
thank you for all of you 235 Following me. :)
Any suggestions on the next restaurant I should visit for food pictures?
It's Rich Ford's 51st Anniversary and we need YOUR help to create a jingle! Check out the tab on the left - you could win some great prizes!
how do we know it's really them??
Sleep is for pussies? Then I'm a pussy.
Absolutely but these last few years it's appeared that way. I think Heinz had the perfect approach to this final table.
#IRS issues more guidance on health benefit #W2 reporting
Super Mad AT YOU TheGeneral doesnt like you right now :-(
hey I'm in San Fran again. looks like it will still be here for your birthday...
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
A5) No, He's very serious about a player's safety and is very respected for that.
I recommend a Packers koozie. Get one for yourself and a friend so you look like a team when you drink together.
the #marrythenight video is a work of art, i'v watched it 10 times and it never ceases to amaze me, you are a true artiste!! :)
I saw link to it, and also saw that you came to his defense on his post. One big family. We are allo-bloggers. :)
's tweets>>
thanks for the shout out! SBN
Re-read Natasha Trethewey's "Native Guard" this morning. Enthralled yet again.
One way to celebrate is to invite men to these parties and meetings to hear what should be heard? :)
#bizforum Ha! Weren't interwebs invented b/c military had need & then adoption by peeps/ biz to meet comm needs in global world
or she really likes you, then follows you and gets creeped out by that tweet.
these old ass effin drivers in FL need to get off the road!!! they are driving me f**ckin CRAZY!!!
Depends how fast u need to gain mkt share, ad budget...Answer not always clear, lots of factors to consider
RT : The Grizzles should give the Kenyon stalker tickets to game 5.
Rocked Insanity Pure Cardio this morning. What's your workout today?
Did you feel that earthquake?
Hey,Where could I send a few tracks to you?
having so much fun... You have to make it out here sometime.. True paradise and so cheap ($10 filet mignon)
sorry im not there to be dead money in the cabin game. Make sure to hit up that pizza place again as it was pretty legit.
We forget 80% of what we learn everyday
Thesis... Talk to you all on May 17th.
18 left sitting pretty short, need a double.
Troubled by the number of websites that still have my old business address posted a year and a half after our move...
Mom brought me tea <3
Do you know where Jr going in life? If u don't have a plan. You plan 2 fail! Wat is ur plan?
#Kobe wasn't enough to get 2 wins last year... When they got swept.
option was not there? Or was there and didn't work?
i don't know whats best 11:11 or Say Something. its just impossible to choose! they're so flawless!!
Editing my preemption op-ed and I'm fresh out of metaphors and idioms.
Salute to fa da follow.I preciate it!!!
hi vincent!
Made high security key and programmed transponder immobilizer for 2005 Volkswagon Passat last night. What can we do for you?
In Balboa Theatre for San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders State of the City Address.
Ryan Anderson invited to join the #USA Select team
Watching insidious with (:
dude! Just thinking same thing... GO NUGS!!!
OK U BUM
Not sure what God is up to lately with my life, career, etc., but either way, I'm game!! Sure, I make mistakes, but He doesn't, so...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: You can't drink everybody pretty ;)
at home chillin wit my girl
should open 1 more spot up for MonEY and SMARTS
Best Shooting Guard in the League!
I incorporated them into instruction sessions. Students were excited to learn that there was a new search tool.
State property 2.. early
Exactly a month from now, I'm going to be living the #Vita loca.
I know, one guy, two names. Ironically I'm in branding. RT : you're MoFo? nice.
that awkward moment when you didn't know you were dating someone... oh.
The older I get the more I understand the phrase more money more problems.
the meatballs were good!!
My favorite mythical creature is the honest politician.
i think hsienko will get more play in ultimate, given the emphasis on zoning and her abilities to deal.
I would like to join the chorus of those voices wishing all of you a very Happy New Year! May it bring you your desires for 2012!
With factoring, cash is released as soon as orders are invoiced and is available for capital investment and funding of your next orders.
Are these snow flurries that I see? Say it ain't so!
I love this talk to text shit ☺
bus a 100, bus 201, bus x- 203 ( learning community) where did you volunteer at for that class?
I don't know much about NCAA hoops but Kentucky looks like they are playing a different game.
hey thanks for the follow! you dont even know! "like" us on facebook!
After a long time away from Twitter (doing way too much work) I'm back & looking forwarding to catching up on what I missed over the summer!
Going to bed . Goodnight #bitchespissmeoff (;
My cuzin a gemini and she will ignore the shit out of you if she dnt wanna hear it kmsl
i love you and keep your head up high during this time<3
hi My friend Go to facebook and vote for ur favorite song and definitly we will be working on it :) have an aweosme week
Thanks! didn't vote : (
your such a sweetie :)
Great leaders are great listeners,refraining from assumptions & snap judgments.They also listen for what's NOT being said.
Lets see if we go out tonight?
Go - Ygnacio - Y-G-N-A-C-I-O! RT : DE Dave Tollefson's mom is a #Raiders fan
Is it tough to be a middle class white American? Find out on this Saturday's show. to share your thoughts!
they're just dreams, turn them to reality -
Every event is like a mini-reunion
Do you ever have a kid come in your library?
Nice work! Recruiting for #NoPantsAZ is a noble cause!
ikr hahaha we were to gone mane.... i miss that day
Click that link. You'll see. Sort of a time-wasting tweet jumbler.
Happy #monday! Who is still recovering from #cincodedrinko?
Messy or neat?
Thank you! Enjoy your weekend as well!
Thank you for #Following!
thank you my good friend for the link to m demo. We are still waiting to hear your handsome voice in an animation. ;={>
ha! that's a fun little site. It recommended Cryptonomicon to me.
Ultimately, would I love an issues-oriented campaign? Of course. But this is a Mutually Assured Destruction scenario, sadly
funny that he says baseball will always be there. Must not realize if he wants to actually succeed he needs to put in time/work
is my girl! If course I'm gonna back her up. Plus instagram is the best.
which means you end of following mostly men.
Delta flight 2295 from Salt Lake City reported possible hydraulic problems San Diego Fire standing by
aint nobody goin to love you better,
I.e. rich folk. Lol
All things change, nothing perishes.
That cut scene at the end of Act II was pretty badass.
get a .38... .40 kicks like a bitch when fired and .38 ammo was considerably cheaper if I remember correctly
I guess I need to switch to my summer wardrobe????
at this point can only confirm Booker, but the talent appearances continue to be released!
Woke up this morning to learn that someone cut the hot water line in my apt. Quite generous of them. At least low heating bills?
#museweb Thx for posting, Amber. I followed this project for quite awhile and participated in some discussions last year...foodie fun
I love that it works with the app, that makes EVERYone a kindle user. My iphone was a kindle today :)
well. my kid is being bullied by faculty and other students into attending tonight. she's hanging home with me, though.
cool! Let's do it! I'm happy to guest post.
thanks to for the shoutout!
Congratulations! You've unlocked a secret area!
Miss you guys. Must make my way down there soon!
Braun playing today?
You were drag racing?... In a Prius?
LmfaooooooooooooooooRT : I remb wen my bm told me I was a piss of shit! I saw the order day she was looking like a piss of shit
u on the train right now?
only you!
I think all classes should be outside today! Did you hear that #Northeastern professors?!
I thought I was the only one
#PackerLove always !!! Have a wonderful day G- Ma Angel
Lot's of free chairs. Come on by.
who's your fav NFL team? Who do u c having a break out 2012 rookie season?
did all 3 putts go in?
because he is a Phillie. They can't help themselves
Sometimes I wish I had a big sister because it's kind of hard to talk to your 11 year old sister whos only drama is who stole her pencils
I know it's not a creature flick, but look what the original PARANORMAL ACTIVITY did on a next-to-nothing budget!!
wanna watch a show about rich people that have power issues and no real problems but make them bigger then life then watch
Fuck this. I'm not sitting in my apartment alone all night so I can just think about stuff. I can't do that...
This pirate patch/compress over my eye is messing with my depth perception and my swype abilities
Drunk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green
hey wow a tweet from how the hell are you?
Man, Fox47 news HD on charter looks like crap. Hey wait, why am I watching Fox news!!!!!!
Just met the amazing !
1+1=2 and that's a great number! There's 2 days till our 5k/10k!!! Are YOU signed up yet!?!? We wanna see your smiles there!...
Sunny but Cold here in Pdx - think I 'll wait on pruning roses in garden, any thoughts from master gardeners out there?
I'll bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about, and she's got everything that I have to live without. </3
You lie once and I'm gonna assume you're always lying lol
Girl isn't he haha maybe we need to kidnap him alone with one direction!
agree with everything, except only choosing to shave..they should say 'only wax from Shobha'.
Ryan Braun you are a monster
Look for breeders via AKC. Pls don't buy from advertisers or in store-breeders that advertise are not reputable. Good luck!
'Tis the season -- What shoes did YOU ask for from Santa this year?
thanks matt ur real funny pointing out my spelling mistakes
Not In a good mood...
We think it storms in avon? holy crap
Now I'm at ACPL playing in deed records.
I taught it was on the radio hosts playing a joke lol
Does your wig company give you a gaurantee?.....FOR TWO YEARS?!!! Well, we do! www.drwiggys.com, we supply and manufacture!
thank you for the shoutout YOU ARE FAB!!
Free speech in work!! Was threatened to cut of this twitter handler
Going to drive around and runs some errands, tweet me something worthwhile!:)
You just made me realize that any children I have will think I'm insane. Or they will think I'm the best thing ever -
100 degree truck trying to nap before 12:30 central time show. There is no breeze in Birmingham folks
its all beginin'...again
hahaha oh fun!(:
Thanks RT : If you're in music biz or want to be, Confessions of a Record Producer, Avalon, is a good read.
Puh-LEASE Follow me?!? Then my life will be wonderful(:
Breaking Batman? Bryan Cranston's visit to Gotham City
What is the proper punishment for my son who keeps breaking our rules?
Putting on so many layers so I can Vespa over to with a pie.
Most certainly; at least mildly healthier than Everclear
Just watched it w the roomies. Ain't going to lie, it was a bit scary. RT : Going to watch Devil....wish me luck.
Happy mommas day u da best !!
WE Dropping the DNA album on Halloween or when we reach 2,000 followers whichever comes first!
Going home:) sleepy time:)!
I love you! :) we need to talk more often!!
Don’t forget Ghee Brand. /cc
its on ABC Family right now
Hey ur awesome.!!! Just wanted to let u know. Haha :)
Aww, that's cute (:
It's Sunday! The perfect day for new home shopping! What are you doing today?
Men are animals. Period. They literally make me sick to my stomach. Ugh. Sometimes I question my sanity- I gotta learn to live w/o them.
Tip of the day: if youre having trouble spelling beautiful then alls you got to do is watch Bruce Almighty.
be careful guys!
How was your session?
Huge momentum day for us! Up over $35k now!
there's a reason I follow sports center lol
Working very hard to convert boredom into positive action.
I think she's adorable on it. Blonde truly fetes her (: RT What do you think of Demi's GYHAB music video? ♥
Just finished a session playing 30/60 mixed
Last hour before spring break !
Seven minutes 'til I'm 26!
Same here. :)
I could definitely go for some Chipotle
Every man is his own ancestor, and every man his own heir. He devises his own future, and he inherits his own past. - H.F. Hedge
uh oh. Kiki is gonna be so jealous.
Ken in Alabama: "Junior Seau and Dave Duerson killed themselves b/c they had guilty consciousnesses about doing immoral things to women."
has no idea what he's talking about. Probably plays in public leagues and thinks he's good. Lol!!
I txt saying I was sorry cause I do get mad quick
Yay you!!! RT : Finally getting a raise! Today's a good day :)
Please give a shout out to in an upcoming vlog. Their music is saving lives!
ahh!!! I say next week! Wanna date? :)
Lakers/Okc is all I see down my TL
Hurry up and get here so we can have a badass show lol
wondering how to get my Twitter link onto my blog. Anyone know how to do this?
so true
This is not good anthony davis hurt, also perry jones.
#LiveUnited. Event this coming Saturday, December 3rd. Follow up information soon!
Is there an award nominated actor you love? Maybe watch 3 of his movies to figure out why he's so great.
Tonight is the halfway point in the season! A win would put us in a good spot for a chance of the Playoffs! GO POWER!
i'm done
Google the Phrase zerg rush
Thanks for the shout out! We will be sure to add you to our #FF list :)
Man is born free and everywhere he is in chains.
THNKS for the RT Mark. So happy to have you as a reader. Respect!!
What are the details? Follow me back to DM. Thx.
Its just in us men to size each other up.
$4 landscaping plant sale by SWC's South Bay Botanic Garden 9am-noon today in front of Student Services Bldg.
“For the record, God hears, sees, and yes, understands your situation more fully than you do.”
Oh god I'm such a bitch today
It's "habilidad"
If you want to listen to "The Victor" by Keith Green, check it out on MySpace.
Ok. So, 4/20 was the first time Jesus tried marijuana right? Argh, I'm so confused. So what is Good Friday?
“: I miss ” wild Thursday's misses you!!!!!
Meeting with Power of the Purse Auction Co-Chairs in an hour at Davis Kidd - love Laurelwood!
Beautiful day out...time to shoot some guns at ROTC building
And our shenanigans is getting all of pod 187 written up! Oh & heads up some1 is planning to counterprank you... w/ lipstick
I get why communities get sick of having the same conversation over and over, but we should recognize insularity for what it is
I'd just assume he just forgot. *shrug*
Everything in the world is a great big mix-up we should just do what we want to do. It won't make any difference.
Happy New Year! Here's to a great year! Slainte!
Just a reminder: The museum will be closed this Thursday and Friday. Have a happy Thanksgiving!
Just with the extra money in sports betting. Rite now I can travel to la from houston and live their for like 2 to 3 weeks!!!!!!!!
so there was a guy at the house. And I found out too late. Smh.
: Make sure yall go down 2 the Experience at St. Andrews. Support Detroit's music scene & my people &
Homework? On SPRING BREAK? Oh well! I'll leave it till the last minute! There for I will be older and much wiser! :)
What a great night I saw my fav team win late off maybe the best closer in baseball got hated on by giants fan in a classy way and got a
Ladies take notes.....if your ass hangs out of it, it is in fact to FUCKING small!!
Sweet new setup! Looks very professional. Looking forward to seeing some more liquor reviews.
RT I really can't stand the "ethnicity" question on surveys. Anyone else feel the same? [Yes.]
Yeah It is!Omg first time iv'e ever heard about someone from Chicago that likes Iconic Boyz! How old r u?
Another no-surprise is Pagano becoming new DC
In a meeting with someone who just grabbed a newspaper and headed for the bathroom, announcing "This is going to take a while."
Steady research day, no big problems so far. I am at #usnatarchives a1 facility today.
Woo hoo!! Thanks Crosby! Made my Monday morn! I'll DM you now. :-)
is there any way to view this series in the U.S.? I REALLY want to see it
extra slow motion... im gone
You don't have to hold a position in order to be a leader ~ Anthony J. D'Angelo |
We will have to see how it turns out but the prospect is exciting.
In addition to flowers we also have a wedding accessory superstore! We have everything u need for your big day!
cool! I'll stay n touch! Hope you're doing great man
'But I'm a let her do her and when he breaks her again, I'll just pick up the pieces & put her back together again. Humpty Dumpty style.'
thanks for the mention!
On 2/25 we are looking for charities for Abq Comic Con!! Dress up & win prizes! Tix/info call 315-8813, @ 6132 4th street!
i wish it was Friday. #Grimm #thankGrimmitsFriday :D best day ever!!!!
You know, if people focused more on their own fricking lives there would be a lot less strife! PS 2 months and change!!!
Don't waste your time thinking "if only I was prettier, skinnier, etc. He would've stayed with me" honey, you're beautiful & if he's too
Many thanks for RTing my book review!
ChEf!!!!! Thx for another great meal! Creamed Mushrooms with potato chips, ask for them!
On the surface I'm electric. Deep down I'm acoustic. You?
AWESOME Full Retreat! Great to get away and get real with brothers. Also, a big congratulations to our new officer corps!!
oh yes true
Woke up with the only headache!
YEP and what a ride it was!!!! Thanks for lunch Kemy Joseph!!
how much do you love Danielle?
Heading to the Economic Club of Washington to hear speak.
Blueberry Lemondrop. New favorite drink :)
Could eveyone look in their Starbucks for the metal cup with metal straw for me please.
I will not live-tweet my own session. I will not live-tweet my own session.
I just find it hard to believe is all. Am I wrong?
help me get more followers !
Use our profile QR code to access our POI Training website for more information about this professional course being held all over the US.
Wing night at cleats #bitchin'
1 more week till my birthday!!
First it was Future now its 2 Chainz
As I said from week 1: Casey B will without doubt be winner of the Bachelor.
Gotta wonder about this. (Yes, I'm myself today ;)
lol no kidding!
Are you and your pets missing that extra hour?
#IThankGod for everything I have had to endure in the past bc it has made me the strong vibrant independent woman that I am today!
arent you supposed to be making #urbanite trend or some shit?
#americanidoltour2011 AMAZING SHOW!!! SEATTLE LOVES YOU ALL :)
Yeah! “: RT : "#Paidsickdays will be an asset to our city..." Jean Godden () ”
I watch this certain movie when I get depressed. For days its on replay.
love that the manimal is trending.
I suspect you would just block grandma before going so far as to leave Twitter.
Living downtown = 3 crack deals outside of your apartment before 10am
Me too! I want to make sure I'm mindful every day but I'm not always successful.
Simple. Write down everything you can think of.
its not my fault i speak the truth.
10 hours and counting till #coldwar (:
i'm not
"Men-How bout you lead her with GRACE, instead of trying to control her?"
“: We have Kefir starter grains and instruction sheets for u today.” ...so your kids can get HUS.
Make sure you add to your
Thank you for the great post! Loved the last part about Oscar.
I'm not white trash?
The most amazing #nerdcore artists
Is your campus hooked on Fox TV's Glee? What's the appeal? #USATODAY wants to know. Email
did you get nominated?! :)
is technically awake. But...
I am speechless.. I saw your workout dedicated to and figured you were doing only bi's and forearms..
Happy St. Patricks Day! Come see Our House by Theresa Rebeck, and then paint the town green!
cross your thighs to close your vulva
Need to drink about a gallon of water.
Hehe.RT Give a man a fish&he'll eat for a day. Give a man a lightsaber&he'll probably cut his own legs off.But hey, lightsaber!
I am pretty sure I know how he would have reacted.
This reminds me of and his philosophy on the intersection between creativity and business.
Having a curvy body is the best ✌
+1! RT : Would like to see shorter lectures and more opportunity for questions/discussion at
rolling enrollment, students work at own pace, 1-to-1 and 1-to-small group interaction between/among students & instructors.
Our illustrator is now working on new logo! Pop&Cute!
bout to watch my bulls , idk i just dont have a good feeling about my team no mo
three's company
u seem like a realy cool mahomie
Models For Marc jacobs
Lol liking the video in commenting for no reason just to get brownie points!
Yeahh he looks like a cool dude! Would love to see his power soon. Blast some hrs lol.
Policing in schools reviewed by ACLU
Yayy! if you guys make it, I'll see you guys at CADA! :-) RT : & I are trying to joing ASB so we can be like...
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "This game is soo much fun,addicting as well!" by Kathie
Went to wedding last night. Daughters left their cars in the church lot and both have been impounded! LMAO!
If you think you should be doing better... Then do better!
I wasn't even invovled until you got me in this picture! Ugh #smh next time you all "try" to retaliate
“Violets are red Roses are blue, I’m confused and so am I.”
Glad I stayed for some Mariano action. Yeah boy!
I think I'll write a scraper for it tonight
Just looked up #DCweek. Never heard of it, but sounds awesome! Definitely going next year
but anyway that was funny so how you doing sis
I believe in you.
just chilling out tonight :) then exam review tomorrow lol
Everytime my computer does somthing so slowly it makes me want to smash my head into the keyboard, I remember to save.
#UCONN upsets Michigan State in College Basketball #NCAAB. This Kemba Walker kid is a star in the making.
What happened
knows what's up. party cologne = jack daniels coming up....
how r u lil one?
was he at least a cutie?! #professorcrush? #proflove ?#futurehusband?
What a fun night! Thx RT : Good times at tonight! Thanks to everyone that came out :)
Sushi Wabi is always delicious!
RT : Congratulations for winning dinner for 2 at Thanks for following & retweeting
YOU LIVE U DIE U SMOKE YOU BUY SO MAKE SOME BREAD AND MULTIPLY 5 TO 10,000 A MONTH NO OUT OF POCKET EXPENSE
-- BTW, I'm a woman!! LOL. And a Mommy of a 16-mo. old angel!
heehee. I know how that thrills you
good show & loved the bunny suit (:
Coaches if you love hoops and talking about Xs and Os then you must follow coach_jim_boone
he literally lost AK<AQ for like 15bbs each with like 17 left and was crumbled after that
your a very cool guy but you already knew that lol keep up the good work and merry xmas
Congrats to Matt McGeary from PCS, our winner of an iPad from this morning's session at #IBMTechWorld!
my workplace puts the NO in "snow day" :(
#imagine Louis: I wanna thank you.. You: For what? Louis: for being there for me. you: Im always going to be there for you.
Anxiety weighs down the human heart, but a good word cheers it up.
FILL IN THE BLANK: The best holiday song EVER is ___________.
I like it, it can be stressful but rewarding. :)
I just got told I'm slacking cause I don't give head....-____- lmao
is this fool booked again? he needs an intervention
Thanks to for awesome customer service
you're bf is a faggot or at least he looks like one.
I hate this kangaroo bitch on Horton hears a who
The Blue Jays and Marlins are interested in Ryan Madson
oh hi.
it's a little girl!
when someone favorites your tweets and you get that amazing feeling !
Im making brownies, what has come to me
Ugh sick... And being forced to go to school
tell him I luv him and he is my favorite child
Successful walk with Abigail and our puppies (:
Nice to see that FINALLY and have taken the plunge into shallow end of the
I love when he puts hearts in his messages :3 #ThingsThatMakeMeSmile <3
Need. To go. Tan.
": “: My dad and uncles are the mob. I'm convinced.” does their cars have huge trunks?" Wanna find out?
Zoe Vega likes to bake cookies on Jake Gyllenhaal's abs.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Dylan, may I see your completed homework?
Ain't no rest for the wicked
Call it what it is: election fraud, vote supression, criminal activity; not scandal, irregularity, dirty trick
I was actually dancing thru the whole house in my socks on the wood floors n happen to slide in the kitchen lol
Puppies are my favorite animal.
If you could improve any aspect of your business within the next 30 days, what would that be?
Gonna keep my head up high , but leave my middle finger even higher .
aye these the same the lakers yall said was gon win right?
Im telling ya, bush signing will push forte outta town, maybe not this yr, but i think thats possible.
Been in the studio all day/night bout to eat this good ass waffle hse then go to bed
Sometimes I smile, sometime I cry, but most times its the reasons why that make it bad
Little mermaid the best disney movie eva
yes, we'd love to have her, especially since we want to have it at a Decatur school during the Book Fest. Hope ur gd in DC!
I'm not laughing.
thanks! And I get to play in districts next week, so I'm gunna letter this year!!!
Oh you smoke pot? I wish I could be as cool as you one day.
I'll be following everyone who follows .
Recipe for a perfect fall day: + + with
lol anything I'm not picky haa
I'm excited. Way excited. :))) guess what!!
I do not think it at all sporting to go to games in a critical frame of mind, just to find fault, just to criticize. [1944]
Yankees game = postponed... meh. Have I mentioned that I hate it when winter weather sneaks up on me in spring?!??
On my health kick again, let's see how long this one lasts
good mornign everyone!^^ what are you doing today??
Everyone should go follow she's freakin legit! :D
where's waldo?!
I'm happy it's friday buddy! You'll have to let me know about the phone. I think I'm gonna get it anyways.
- No problem! =) I was at the game last night, rough one. AJ pitched well though.
where could I met you up at Right now
when did you text me because I been textin nell all day?
got through to the courthouse to ask my question (don't worry, not about my bail) now more important things. like reordering netflix queue.
It's rare for a king to give up their throne to be one of the ppl. This guy did! #FF Thanks man
!!!!!!!!!! “ Only Loyal Women deserve to be treated like QUEENS!!!”
Oh, you are lucky! It's amazing how many different points of view she can write about, and so well. Really amazing.
I want to do too many things.
no!! Not Walter! 
Happy Birthday! Enjoy the warm weather and green beer!
Hopefully it wasn't strip/mountaintop removal equipment. Those guys are destroying our state.
The question is not what can I afford, but what do you want me to give?
good times, but that water looks funky
I need a bracelet. And a new watch
You can take the boy out of Baltimore, but you can't take Baltimore out of the boy :-) GO RAVENS!
Rare night to get both the #Cubs and #Rays on TV here...probably should sign up for MLB.tv at some point.
embrace it. "Dude braugh, did you catch the game last night"
Doing some business in Santa Fe today, hope the snow treats us well
depending on the brand and amount, you can get it for about $20 USD.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. --Abraham Lincoln
how you doing boo?
I could be peacefully eating but someone decided to mess with my friend. I have an incredible way of using my words to harm people. Back off
I'm pretty sure your not they don't want old men running... You might have a heart attack... They have no reason to risk that
omg how pathetic, you a grow ass mann ! have some freaking pride, gesh.
We're coming to a city near you. Very, very soon.
Cool sight seeing all the surfers run w their boards to hit the waves after work - beautiful day in LA today.
me too but they can never find anything sweet to do for us :(
hey if you like good times and drinking beer and probably grilling and murdering upstairs neighbors why not give me a call
Only Joseph's! xD
National prognosticators can't stand that #kubball won. Love it. Let 'Em have it tomorrow and
The only way to figure out who really cares is to see who cries when you die.
Only a liar, idiot & coward would deny being a racist if they cannot see Zimmerman called police bcuz Martin was black.
how u doing on this nice night
where you going ?
Vegas. I should just stay here.
no you don't, that's nothing but trouble and bad memories
Check our Facebook for new sperantsa beanie styles as well as gloves and scarves!!
I shall be there!! RT : Good morning #Brewers fans! See you at Miller Park tonight!
Hey! Need some info from you!
Belated thanks for the #FF love!
These hoes will make ya dang a lang sting like a match. You'd rather be safe than sorry, keep ya shit in ya draws !
if you really believe in something, no one's opinion can change your mind.
RT DE Mario Williams has arrived at One #Bills Drive to begin his official visit.
Go ahead Fielder, sign with the Nats. After last night, Im dead inside.
haven't seen this team look so uncomfortable. Props to
Call me an it freezes tho only the droid .paygos
Thanks Barb, glad you enjoyed it and found it valuable. It was a lot of fun, Jeffrey is a riot!
And boom, one more minute!
True. i love that MSM info! But what is a TV?
Realizing that people who have time to do the stuff on #pinterest are crazzzyy and don't have jobs
Board may examine Bales' mental state
Thursdays from 7-9; I can come out and play there next Thursday for a bit!
By Popular Request, GLASS IS HERE! PIPES, BONGS, BUBBLERS, PAPERS... DJ WIcked West tearin' it up on www.DI.fm breaks channel BOOM! Enjoy :)
Worst feeling: when you get on the train and its not raining, but when you climb out of the tunnel, it is.
Also, Lusteninq to Niqqas In Paris By Kanye West and Jay-Z This sh*t Great xD
Feature request: ability to auto-deduct from payroll systems into Kiva account to fund projects.
#rusaprog on social media in libraries from surprised at how many people aren't sold on twitter etc
Screw anatomy. I don't even care anymore.
Do not buy a car from if you want a hassle-free, problem-free experience. Or car mats.
Didn't we ALL!!?
Congrats on that interview!
Man VS. Food.... I'm allowed to have more then one life dream right?
It looks worse than it is. Just a new fangled way to get medicine directly into the tissue.
for the most generic politician speak in the history of ever, you must follow
If there was Jeopardy in OKC, it would be called Trivia Night at Whiskey Chicks...just without the boatloads of prize money..See you at 730!
Next year's after party will be in Detroit :-)
Most innovators live in their won Reality Distortion Field. I think it's almost req'd. :)
oh yeah.. plus it was a brew crew win
#dontactlikeyounever laughed so hard u ended up slobbering then tried to whipe it real fast . . . smfh
O.o She started it.
dangg !! I hate weather >.<
"Excited but nervous" is what I've heard, which seems like the right response to me.
A Nole, hm. Won't hold it against you! And great startup opportunities in
me; dear God why did u make me so weird? God; eh i was playing a joke on ur parents...i'm uh you know.. sorry bout that.
♀Never blame the days of your life. Good days give you happiness, Bad days give you experience, & Worst days give you a lesson♀ #Live&Learn
I love you Justin!
My #fridayreads is a reread of Shira Nayman's wonderful new novel, A MIND OF WINTER. Brilliant look at identity and relationships.
HEY EVERYBODY!!! LISTEN UP!!! IS SENDING SOME FAN MAIL TO THE IF YOU WANNA SEND A MESSAGE LET HER KNOW!:)
thank you for #ff!
": Ladies... Yall prefer men w facial hair?" Yes, clean cut and looking suave. I'm a sucker for a goatee..
“: You are too much.
Haven't seen 2 teams play no defense like this since NBA all star game but hey
Good Morning!! Another COLD day! Looking forward to Summer. Busy day, I hope everyone has a wonderful day
Thanks, man. I should probably save that brotherhood of man shit for a congressional run, but I'm glad you dug it.
Steamroller not coming. Co changed name to Hollywood Media Bridge
Random thought, John Berryman would have been the ultimate Twitterer...wag!
Why is the person that makes my heart break, the same one that makes it beat faster?
Huntsman is the one candidate (except crazy R Paul) who is not pandering
On our way home.
I agree with the need to #FreeAlecBurks. Burks played solid defense on Paul when he was out there. Tough 4th Q.
I will never have enough walls to fit all of the art posters I want
. You will be greatly missed.
Well it's Thursday, it's kind of #mayday and #cincodemayo. Who's thirsty?
Or not particularly weird in that mixes of uses common back in the day...e.g., the mid-block store, meeting hall, etc.
who will be the first to spill their champagne while balancing on their forehead? ? ? ?
yeah he's going to wake forest.
Watching Beauty and the Beast....
|~-.-+ SATURDAY....CLUB MATRIX...SATURDAY...MATRIX...PARTY..SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
"I review movies sometimes. Just go w/ it." Haha. I love it. No sense wasting time explaining, if it's just gonna happen anyway.
oh ya true
I love you!
My guy young Khail!! Get well son!!
Do You Remember The First Time when Mortal Kombat came out it was on every news channel CNN was saying it would turn your kid into a killer
260 Deals have been purchased for our 2nd season of Holiday Lights Tours through the Naples Canal!! So exciting!
Hypeed the Rangers wonn we takin this next series
Hubby and I want to City Lights Theater last night and saw Hamlet. It was very good! I love that place!
Somebody call my momma! RT : Funkasaurus
come to my school!!!!!
Thank you! I'll have to check out your stuff as well! If you're ever over this way, let's meet up and talk!
Good morning!
the 636-7911 was not it no answer.
I thought you were at the mariners game
AH! you got it?! yayyyy!
Never played with ppl that called more fouls then today... -___- rly doe
preach it sister. 2012 - The Year of the Bone.
good thinking-all content can be used in working memory activities-maybe during warmup time? Great practice for everyone!
Yes, #Tom, yes, please let us hear another duet for #Karen &
Last day of FLA. it's been a blast.
that's what makes the class great, we set him up to make fun of us
Are we going to have Twitter beef now too???
So much for a great weekend. The best weekend in ages can turn to shit in no time flat. I guess I should feel good life is back in order.
Being present is not forgetting, is just being present!
well if u miss me that much ill come back to u lmao jk
: okie dokie. =) omg wouldnt it be legit if we went to knotts & 6flags for a weekend. :P
Absolutely! If you ever get to Austin again let me know!
On the phone with him :) 28<3
Hmm...me thinks Wulff's firing is trending so much is b/c over half of the Seattle media went to #WSU,
you should freeze them.
#Foxtrot automates data entry in FACETS, Amisys, MEDITECH, STAR, and CACTUS. Automate claims data, payment data, provider data....and fast!
Smilers Breathe Music.
It went by quickly, though. Great job, Music Box staff. Seated and waiting now
Day 18 of #missingmilwaukee countdown is dedicated 2 beer (an obvious one) & particularly my current penchant sour beer! I mean #whoknew ?!
why cant they agree i miss the nba.
My favorite line: "It'll work the same in all browsers, but I'll use IE so I can use all the features."
EVERYBODY WAKE UP!!!
No T-Sizzle this season?!
. is the fan club
can we skype today please? I want to hear all about your spring break adventures!
Reason #101 we should re-sign Greinke: Emily Greinke.
Cha-ching! Auto dealership profits soar - Tire Business
Same here. I did pretty well on the practice SATs but I'm nervous that I might have just gotten lucky. Good luck to you too!
just weekends!
Sorry about earlier . I was asleep and was going to set a screen.
"Dont make excuses- make Good."
The truth hurts. The MA moderate doesn't want us to know that he is a MA moderate.
Got a real bad feeling bout today . .
The game of love is never called off on account of darkness.
Havin to get a ghetto for a moment. Excuse my language and grammar temporarily. #LMFAO!
i know right! and THANKYOU!<3
Your welcome Jess :-) I'll stop by tomorrow and see how you're doing. Xoxo
My Ana, my Ana, don't lie to me. Tell me who did you assist last night.
Imagine if instagram updated as fast as twitter it'd be like endless photos.
LOVE that hotel!
This game was straight up embarrassing. Wade, needs to man the fuck up and the team needs to get they're shit together.
You're not right for that. But you're absolutely correct.
Why is Happy Days about archival theory? B/c everyone on the show respects the Fonz.
Have a bunch of Kale I intend to turn into chips tonight thanks to your original link. Danke!
$1550 Studio at 106th and Amsterdam right by Columbia in the upper west side!
Embarrassing. We're completely dominating this game.
looking forward to it, need a break
Hope you enjoy your evening.
hey baby finally found ya!!
Just saw Ken's tweet about the book. Sounds fascinating.
Well.....at least it's not raining.
My allergies are much better today than yesterday, thank goodness :)
Why cant parent understand teenagers!!!!!!!!!!!
i don't buy your act at all, i know who you really are.
#youarethereason God invented earplugs
#gospursgo escape with win in OT- Grizzlies are playing better both offensively and defensively; but SA found a way to win. Back to TN.
Holy shit, this Celtics/76ers game is nuts.. gotta love
I'm just gonna check my flow ...
I'm saying all this shit because I've never had to kill anything in order to eat.
Can someone make my day because my not GRAND grandma isnt irritating the living crap out of me !!!! Ugh, I really wish to just kick her out.
And just like that the Detriot Red Wings have officially been eliminated from the playoffs...
Can't turn the ball over and expect to win.
Hey what about the 18 yrs old lol i love the show more than the 6-11 yrs old
i will keep u all in my prayers!
he leaves the brewers because they couldn't get over the hump. I just don't see him wanting to help build a team. He wants built
can you please say hi to me? I love you<3
When did "Psych" become "Sike"? Am I missing something?
Don't fuck me, fuck dem white boys dat beat y'all den
I requested a password reset but have never received the reset email. Tried this 2x.
What could be better than drunken hot girls! Am I wrong?
Definition of a Magnet - Something you find crawling all over a dead cat.
1 essay question down 5 to go
thank you for following.
It actually feels better this way!...Single
The hotel I'm staying at blocks Facebook "to protect the hotel network from getting viruses and stuff like that." What?
So my niece said I'm gonna play a throwback and she plays Keri hilson pretty girl rock
maybe there is
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL!!!!!!! We are strong women! Keep up the great work ❤💓👍
it would b awesome if it had qualified staff 4 the kids, support n family therapy for the parents plus lots of fun n relax time
hahaha it does! Do you live there?
Aayy save one!
your follow button doest pop up?
That fuckin Sinatra! RT : they buried him with my money
What would u say if I hired a man that came in dressed like a garbage man; Um he must of had on some really nice pants!!!
Eyes, ears, horns, and an iPad loaded up with Christian rock.
not wanting to go to school tomorrow, wishing it was christmas break already!
Scott Walker new campaign slogan. "Wisconsin last in jobs. See I promised we'd be brown bagging it"
yo styles i look up to u crazy u prob not gunna see this tweet but as a rapper ur my biggest influence DBLOCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't like the word 'butthole'.
Loving , a Twitter feed specializing in Haruki Murakami quotes about spaghetti. It had to be done.
Billionaires are republican, the uneducated are republican, so the billionaire's pay politicians to keep the poor uneducated...
We love go listen to their new single at www.wearedollface.com
We should!
Exactly!! :P and then after you do pick one, for some reason you always think that you made the wrong choice! xD
Will deny everything about this trending topic
I missed Monte?! RT : Thanks to Monte Ball from Badger Football, , & everyone else for your canned food donations! ...
you and me both:)
Do you commute to Logan?
if you see this can you please follow me! I am a big fan and I love all you video's!:D
The very nice gentleman at the USA Bank reprogrammed my credit card machine!!! I am finally back up and running from the move :D
could u be my 300 followers plz thanks dude:D
: “There was never a better time to be alone.”
We are downtown all day for Summer Poolooza filming our Out and About segment
Chi-town!
Admitted Students Day 2012 registration and breakfast about to begin
lol I feel u cutie
Staff outing last night at the Chopping Block in Merch Mart! Such a blast! Go team What the Fork!
Back on the job hunt tomorrow, had a couple of good leads today, fingers crossed il have a new job soon. Need one, got bills n rent to pay!
He still alive
Good Morning! I'm starving!
Excuse me, sir...I mean Your Vaseness :-)
“: But I'd rather be a pedophile rapist than a Pau Gasol.” lmao 😂
Meeting w uncle sam
tell your mom the same from me!
I'm a clossy bitch LOL.
thanks for the retweet Tim. Hope the snow doesn't break your stride. Have a great weekend.
Night's are the worst, you can hear everything that you are thinking about
lol typing and driving do that to you
Arizona surgeons carry out rare mom-to-child liver transplant
Why I'm not a fan of pro sports: “: NY gives more $ to the Buffalo Bills to stay in NY than to the Buffalo libraries."
You know it's gonna be a good day when car daddy comes on while you're getting ready.
Why does Axl Rose have to make things so complicated? ???
I'm so inderisive; I don't know whether to mock you or praise you.
oh im ready!!
I am also obsessed. I have glasses and the blue mirror shades already but I have 5 more trial glasses coming on Monday. Oops.
thanks for the reply. I'll do that
that's more of a "show one sign of weakness and I pounce" kind of look to me
I heard there should be a JLA movie in 2013!
Best iPad apps for a new owner who is a working musican? Already have ForScore and AirTurn. All suggestions welcome.
Everything changes when all the lights in the room are as low as you.
what a great feeling, coach! Good for you!!
Retrain Tip: Keep a food diary like a checkbook with a beginning balance of calories each morning. Challenge: don't be overdrawn at days end
Congrats to on sparking OKC early and a victorious return to Staples Center.
credit card number stolen. it's good to be back in a city.
Just heard the creepiest sound outside my house.. Wtf is out there?! 😨😱
Happy Mother's Day!
me & are making a #solisten video(:
When you're ready to test drive, let us know! We have a few in stock.
I thought in Spring there was no better place than AbstractFactoryProxyBeanFactory?
see if those Converse are an 11-1/2 please...
GOAL! !!!! long live the frenchman!!!!! he still cannot disrespect ze cat.
Facebook buys Instagram for 1 billion... Dominance 101, buy them up before they really hurt you.
End the Fed before it ends us.
I would love to, but I am hosting a film screening at The Trocadero that night as well. Will you have screeners available?
purple or pink? #decisions. #helpme!!!
I GOT THOSE BEATS FAM
Happy Mother's Day to all y'all Mommy tweeters :-D hope you are getting pampered !!
Major video game villains to cameo in Disney film - GMA News
#2012c19 Eric Gardner demonstrates circulation overlaps between Af Am 19thC books and magazine ads.
Thanks Tyra. "Gotta Praise."
Interested in using PURLs to improve direct response marketing Disappointed in how slow the technology is moving It's too IT intensive still
hahahah i would love 2 help you with that Austin !!! mmeeehhhh ♥_♥
Let em' try! This is Wisconsin, G*d damn it! You try to shut down an impromptu bar and punches will be landed. ;)
kuya thank you for following back!!!!
u should try zucchini pasta/ spaghetti. Then u can have ur lover #spaghetti back
There's not enough outlets in my classroom for all my students pencils
Sorry love for the long reply. Im fine. Hbu? 
Decent affordable housing. Seems impossible to find in NKY :(
Play has just begun in the #LAKings vs #Canucks game and I won the Opening Face-Off in Kwarter!
Have you attempted SQL apps at all?
Welllp let me get these grocery bags ready for my clients w/o an umbrella
hey there how u been long time no chat whats new with you
What's the code?
I'm having a similar problem! If you decide who's best, let me know.
Don't major in the minor stuff...
Thanks, me too! They're really comfortable!
Let's get down to business, to defeat the HUNS
: Jennifer's family has used and raves about their service and the amazing deal she got.
Good night (:
If you could make a holiday wish to improve healthcare quality in the U.S. what would it be? RT
Isn't it supposed to be the 1st day of Fall/Autumn???
Always been trying 2 get some black in me.Going about it WAY the wrong way." Nuthin brings out Blackness in anyone like a lil BBD
