When Montreal played against Edmonton in the first Heritage Classic, I was too young
in english (:
I think its a good idea!
Learn how to Start A Home-Based Business. March 10th - Pierce College, Los Angeles...www.thehome-office.com Home-Based Business Helene
Join us today for the 1st Annual Blue Ribbon Rochester Pub Crawl to Raise Money to Prevent Child Abuse. Starts at Salinger's at 2.
follow - met Keith today in LA, great vision and work he's doing
how can we get some visibility from Fox to show how much we appreciate our teachers?
check out Cool way to compile news you are interested in.
I've heard of a local film maker who asked for several thousand dollars to release the film nationally. Same idea.
#idol - interesting paring. Hollie nailed her part and DeAndre did OK too.
RT : Nettie's a urologist, Brad apparently has a raging . . . pumpkin...in his pants
im great
TITANS GYM in Cleveland will not be validating parking May 3rd.
oh i ate too much cantaloupe
Oh man, someone SMASHED into the back of the State Farm Help truck on 390 N
You only genuinely believe something if it changes the way you live. Using that criteria, what do you truly believe?
The artist's world is limitless. It can be found anywhere, far from where he lives or a few feet away. It is always on his doorstep.
Seriously ready to give up.
Good Afternoon Chicago :D
Bitch Its Problems
Thanks for thinking of us.
Hey! Al my bitches listen up go follow my new one it's spelled wrong lol but ohh well follow my new one please(:
dude, sorry i missed you. hit me back if / when you get this way.
Goodnight to my sis , my bff and my fav girl in the world ! love you girls! <3
I got your back boy. When your high and when low. I promise not to ever let you go.... for my people that's low
Today will be a great day gm Facebook
I haven't had any appetite at all lately.
Amsterdam. . . Liverpool!
She ------> never gets tried of winning.
Has an 11 ever been a 3 pt favorite over a 6? #NCState is today over the
working on a new super-cool house track...
you did an outstanding job on the "Ten to One" song!!
have very little faith. All you 710 guys, all day"wave the white flag". SA does not match up well with LA. We r 2 big.
Find great tournaments on the local, state, and national level at www.tournamentscoop.com
I think I fell in love... please come home so we can talk :)
These days, the concept of a worn-out book is akin to that of a scratched record, no? :)
now tell me some sht i dont know
MK: 'Not comparing myself to Patrick Willis or Ray Lewis ... I admire them. The way they play with passion I truly admire.'
BIllionaire Boys Club tee, Jordan Candy Cane, Nike Harracce and a couple hats.
Working on a web life power point.
i dont want to say the name of the dept. I hold the cmte members in high esteem still. One edits a key journal in my field.
2 appliance purchases in 2 months and neither went smoothly. Is is just me or has anyone else had an issue with delivery?
Martin scored a "good hockey goal"...as opposed to?
All I can see is cold rice pudding.
Why don't you eat eggs? Don't like the taste or just prefer not to?
I plan on it...cant wait! “: It's gorgeous out. Run! Run for Life! #NYRR ”
5 different forms of communication!
You say I changed, I say I grew up. Maybe it's time for you to do the same.
oh my God.
Just got home from school . Bout to roll up and hit the studio
when are you gonna rock a ?
can u put da song on YouTube... It's easier for me to download from there
Great skit as always by Nicole Johnson about the many hats we wear as women and loved Natalie Grant singing "I will not be moved
Always look on the bright side of life
Got an email that totally put a big, dumb smile on my face. Rare
Hope you enjoyed your experience at Morton's and congrats on FGB6! We were there and it was great!
I love hockey: Knocking out teeth = Epic; racism = sad.
nigga feel productive today!! got two hitz done!!
People always want you single when you got a spouse....
For the love of skateboarding ,smuts,beer,blunts
RT : Schools are more segregated today then they were in 1954, following the Brown case. - Nancy Heitzeg
you should just say YOU're TIRED replying to our tweets..:(
Very excited to see and listen to the talented line up tonight
#stoppedbelivinginsantawhen i was 5 years old
6-6 and critters just fell asleep...Now we wait and see how long for Landlord to come.
Uh, yes. :) I was teasing you.
Welcome, Silent one!
Yes, yes there is. Try an "apple fritter" from HT then I'll bring you an apple fritter from SF that will change your world.
Toasting the Showgirl starts at 10! Clark & Bryn Mawr - $5 and all proceeds go to PACPI!
80 percent of rap already IS fantasy rap.
Fingers are crossed.
Join the SD Public Library 820 E Street tonight at 6:30 pm for a free showing of Young Adult!
Last day at the Home Show. Come on out for last day bargans!
Cutie bear finally got an iPhone. 😘
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!102
noo problem we will always support u threw everything!
nice shoutout on
Signing Franchise agreement this Friday with team BFC. I am so proud to see my business grow up and go to college. Exciting stuff.
Long day. Comfortable bed = Heaven. Early night? [snore]
Haha. It should pick up by the time you're done. But there's nothing we can do. Just gotta stay positive. What you studying now?
SHHAIH!!!!!!! Sunny Hot Humid And I'm Hammered!!!!! In Fort Lauderdale Nice for the price of NICE
A big thanks to for the tickets to Chicago with Christie Brinkley and John O'Hurley! It was great!
I'm glad u had a great time with the tour! I will be sure to let my colleague Steve know. Which part did u like the most?
Tomorrow 8-12p its going down at Live we have , , , ,&
Tried to golf this morning for the first time in two years. Home course was closed. Begged my way on at the country club. Success.
we need #RedSoxNation everywhere, we hope you all stay awake, sorry you feel so tired from the travels as well.
... Sorry for party rocking. #AssembleTheMongos!
RT : Lmaoo !! Alright see now I dont even blame you, just dont expect to get too many retweets this week lol
Check out our 5 for 5 appetizer weekly special at Pepper's Bar today between 5-6pm! 5 different appetizers to choose from for only $5 each!
normality is something I miss. another thing I miss, is you xx
#FF Follow our speakers before the conference starts
Princess & Pea at SRCT opens Sat., Midsummer w/ Baron's Men opens Sept. 24th, & playing Mary Warren in Crucible @ City Theatre in October :)
Forgot to mention that there are mainly two ways of pronouncing Latin -- Classical and Ecclesiastical.
haha he's the best
I Love the part of Twistter on Monster Ball , Why you go??? I LIVE IN PERU ♥.♥
(bryan) Started a great new project today with another fun client who gets it. That never gets old.
Are you a 2-year faculty instructor visiting #AHA2012? Stop by the reception in the Missouri Room, 5:30-7:00 tonight!
You're welcome. Glad you went away with something useful!
SAG-AFTRA merger decision announcement set for Friday 1pm PT / 4pm EST.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but heres my number so call me baby
RT and I would be lookin up illuminati whem we should be doing research c;
Awkward unaustralian moment for me when I don't like
just rub it in why don't cha
Ha! That's because we're multi-taskers, and because the Internet is more interesting. :)
Right back at ya, my adorable Gangsta!
Jesus Christ is Lord! Jesus Christ is the Savior, the Lamb of God Who gave HIS sinless Life as the ATONING SACRIFICE for our sins!
Never heard a presidential candidate say they weren't concerned for the poor. Dem or GOP.
Tennessee bound! Anyone, please feel free to call me today to chat. Please.
top of the morning RG, thanks for linking with the kid. U live in Vegas?
Off to get rear brakes done (well when I get dressed that is). Today is a day full of errands. Maybe some fun too -- hoping!
“: A person hates you for 1 of 3 reasons. 1) They want to be you. 2) They hate themselves. 3) They see you as a threat.”
Oh yay!!! I am totally submitting. I've been trying to solve this issue for a long time!
Working w/ at the Royal Oak Music Theater has been AMAZING. I love my job!!!
Made some back-end changes the other day that appear to be failing today...we'll get 'er back ASAP
Thanks Ellie. You're right. Hope it does change.
Check out all the details for shows on the 19, 25, and 28 of June at www.plectrumentertainment.com
shares a personal story about his sister being homeless in the past that resonates with homeless seniors
The urban dictionary offers "firecrotch" as an acceptable alternative. I think I've heard Conan O'brien call himself that
oh Richard!
Look what the crawler dragged in: David Rosenthal's latest blog post, "Preserving Linked Data"
Officially the most boring Saturday ever.
Paradise Fears! U work with them where we meet eachother!! Amazing job...U work with this guys or?
...your lip sync video Breaking Free High School Musical!!! Amazing how much it makes me laugh... Sad Remedy!!
It's a great idea & fun at that :D Hell yeah it would be! We would be Twitter Prom King & Queen xD haha.
Henry James: It's time to start living the life you've imagined.
Yeah...I don't trust her counts either!!!
Oops, I meant !
Norwood Young America unconfirmed reports of tornado. Watch Dave Dahl/ken Barlow now.
hey friends...what's the best hotel in the City of Angels??
Teaching guitar is awesome when your student wants to learn and
Eric Mann: we must reshape debate to have the outcome we seek-the social welfare state, not the police state. Yes!!
ya just come to my house i should be home
Leafy greens are best... kale, collards etc. : What alkaline veggies are you eating today?
Students are actually supposed to take notes? Who knew!? :) Have a great day!
Haha i cant wait till mom comes and takes me home then we can leave...
RT : Best two words of advice might be: Let go
Overtime baby!!!!
Put some more youtube videos up while im watching your keek videos from 2months ago :) x
not going to school... going to Georgia
Just keep on smiling 
How Has your day been ??? (:
That was hilarious! Wolf Blitzer yelled "check out the delegate count after tonight's results"! Then they barely changed.
Maybe not a good idea to tell the passengers your 'suspended license story,' Mr. SuperShuttle.
What happen to JR????
Unless you stab me in the heart no love hoe
you ugly
when government has 2 send brain injured soldiers back on their 4th mission the military is failing along w/govnmt GET OUT!!!
Will you take pics that I can pin on pinterest? That would be awesome!!
damn mac u need to get out nigga the nite is young .
I wanna sleep in.
Thank you so much. :)
Anyone have a good recipe for tilapia on the grill?
LMAO, I needed that laugh, thanks :)
Great presentation of mock collective bargaining by Kent Wong Center director. 130 students will face off in mgt & labor teams.
I've made 3 separate purchase on amazon today. I think i have a problem.
Sipping my drank smoking my mild
"the offense will heat up" we've been hearing that for a month now...
Cano Horrible at bat!
I'm not too sure yet! I love being there. I wish I would have applied for the HA position.
False! , , twitterlessgreg and I get to play music for you!
cookies and creme ice cream<3
The things you say to me...
#Muse2012 Fever today at Grub's International HQ. Only 17 days to go.
what do you think of A&M moving to the SEC?
lol Jimmy, I was thinking that earlier today. We'll all have until august to get over it tho and get back on the same page. :)
Come on NY!
follow me bruh
Horse heads and Cheeto dust. Your two passions.
I'm thinking Ireland or South Africa for the gold medal...that's great news.
never heard of it. Guess I better give it a try....
Here is hopin that when I turn my phone back on post flight, is dominatin and are up BIG!
just partying in the city!
Donald is going home. Sorry. RT : Donald is in jeopardy :( judges will decide between him & Maria *fingers crossed*
The challenge of leadership is to be humble,but not timid. Be proud,but not arrogant!
RT “: Broncos re-signed exclusive rights free agent punter Britton Colquitt.”
ooh i'll go with. for those two reasons. and for reason #3: we can laugh inappropriately in the sad parts?
My partner on brown and you know I'm on white. You know its going down, I can do this all night
Set action based goals today and realize your dreams tomorrow. Change is the process of taking action, not the result of doing so. Go get it
Haha naw...RT : so from the looks of my Lil cuz instagram pic I see he think he a Gangster now..lol #thug life
Be safe. Just got back from hitting on the steps of DAR Constitution Hall in DC. Bout to touch up the track and send it out
why do people call you that?
is makin the #BBN proud tonight in his limited minutes
So-more Shadow People story from random people I meet everyday now-really disturbing stuff...
Working from downtown in the Frost Bank Plaza. Live music, sandwich from , friends from and this damn laptop.
Happy Birthday! Those are amazing. Can't believe all the details in something so small. Enjoy your day!
at what time is the game?
I think I'm staying in Indy 😒 but! I'm not sure... Hah
Are you super proud ? Justin rocked it! so cute.
FB staff is headed home. They have been up all night. They wanna take a nap before they start spending their money.
a shoutout to musicians and bands on #mm (music monday)
#HAPPYSABBATH MY PRETTIES!!!!! god bless EVERYONE out there! #sabbath #sda # teamjesus
I should be tweeting before noon anymore
Wish I could be at the #CampbellDebates tonight in Syracuse- Anyone know if there is going to be a video made available?
where is that???
one of the reasons we all love & respect you Josh, ur team is ur family & just like us u've always got ur families back
Disasterology is such a good song. God damnit I love ! cant' wait for Warped!
#Justice10 This guy is ridiculous.
Get it girl! I am currently rocking my Drybar blowie. My tip - go in the afternoon or evening so you can get free champagne.
Was just in DFW last weekend looking at pics of the 2000 tornado that destroyed the Bank One building. Stay safe everyone.
Yikes! Sorry you lost your bike!
Help our friend promote the upcoming National Kidney Foundation of Maryland Golf Tourney. Follow
Dude, I just ran outside to say hello. Then I realized this may be an old pic because the signs aren't there. Yes? lol
Unexpectedly we were called upon again to provide EP support to DS and Prince Harry. A true honor and a privilege.
Thanks for starting your week with us!
a man came in today to get coffee & said "has anyone told you today how beautiful u are? u just have the most beautiful smile"
Holding interviews 4 Actors & Music Artist 4 Theatrical Play "COLLEGE FUND" in Negotiations with SONY. Email
Seriously, though, I've composed like twelve Chone Figgins tweets and promptly deleted them.
What a beautiful morning! This is why I live in DC.
OH: this is the biggest Symfony2 talk ever.. And we've had conferences on it.
bringing some gospel, good news to the Las Vegas Rescue Mission.
www.varsityjackets09.com we ship world wide!
summertime and the living is easy <3
RT : So are we still doing that #Kony2012 thing?
O... Chocolate yum!
Please follow me On it would mean the world to me :) I need 10 more followers to 100 :D Love You all <3
you can get past the awkward phases of iPad typing by training in our iPad typing tutor.
parents didn't pay for undergrad b/c they didn't want my sister and I starting out life w/ debt.
It was at Botanical Gardens...all hand passed h'orderves...it was all delicious and everything was first class as usual!!!
09.22.11 SETLIST: Copy of a Copy / Mantooth / Color Coded / Background / [new song] / Riskless Business / Hoax Hunters
Had a fun time in Napa Valley. Heading back to New York today...
#FF thanks for the follows!
Did you know it's #wgtbweek ? Use the hashtag & be entered into our prestigious contest where 1 lucky user will be followed by us
damn son..you straight?
Thanks, Jeff. I'll pass it along.
keef and I called it
haha, yeah. I've seen it a few times where it says its from him. I just know it from a speech a different band has in a song.
is the man!
"Jasper" the 6 week old kitten I found has been adopted by a wonderful pair of Longwood University professors. He'll be treated very well.
can't argue with that... $70 billion dollars later and 1 in 100 adults has shelter, food and healthcare
Who knew kibble could be this much fun?
Thanks for the tweet!
RT : #MIN35 presenters for tomorrow night are
Isn't Sunday morning the perfect time to enjoy an Animal Humane logo cookie from Flying Star or Satellite? M...
RT : Get your music mixed by &
Thanks, now all I can think about is how much I want ham salad. Sending good thoughts to your wife today.
I'm torn from doing about 5000 different things. OMFG.
May your best of times be your worst of times. For those that are slow that means I hope nothing but the best for you at ALL times lol!
hanging out with the boys (: finally off work!
woot woot! We will have lots of fun!
I drench my scrambled eggs in ketchup and I'm not afraid to admit it
Im not star somebody lied im rollin weed up in my car
Few things worse than an important debate you think will advance knowledge that's undercut by unprepared, unfocused panelists.
Meeting people awesome people using the #free mobile #app --
(Sean Casey) will be making an appearance for Legends Week (May 22-27). Click here for more information!...
1972-Gov George #Wallace was shot 5x by Arthur Bremer. Wallace survived but spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair in great pain.
I haven't made cupcakes but will do them next week x
Welcome to buffalo Vince Young!!
Tomorrow is Thursday.
Greece The Avengers crosses $1 billion debt with Obama's back on Friday, spooked by would-be Yemen bomber.
That is cool - it would be even cooler in Padres colors so ppl would wear to games.
Running into someone from high school that got fat is better than Christmas
Another student booked a part on a new Sketch show on COMEDY CENTRAL. Congrats Doug!
Well, g'night, twitterlings. Really tired and I have a lot to do this next week or so. Let's hope this semester ends swiftly, yeah?.
: where do you live?! We'd love to see you t a show!!
Lost , TX.
I'm probably coming around 6 or7!
That girl u talk to at night. Always up late..
#ronpaul is the change we need!
Great News! Michele Bachmann announced today she is dropping out of the presidential race
Murphy: I still like the US postal service.
. according to his old college roommate, osama was a nice guy before he started smoking pot. (usually in grape swisher sweets.)
10:06 AM and My GIDDIMS' are Snoring ! Oh They must got it like that !!
Top attractions at #mariners game: seagull swarm, hydro race, the wave
Agreed! The Conair is great—I have one at home, and one for my vintage biz. Can't live without it!
Don Draper has the trippiest flashbacks.
wahh i wish you were awake. i wanna talk about him some more haha.
I know things are different in the books, so I can't speak to that. But as for the show, Bonnie doesn't seem to like him much! :)
The play was hilarious! Super fun <3
Yep. Five beers will do it.
always difficult to know the right time to go back when I'm sick. Too early and I get sicker, too long and I get too far behind on work. :(
merc this Girls Go Wild record by is plain awful thats the same person that blasted ja for those same type of songs
Trying to fall asleep holding a pillow wishing it was :.(
*starts crying all over again* Wait, I don't want to mess up this makeup. *chin up*
Misinformation! is dangerous! 1/5 Americans polled believe Obama is a Muslim!
The only sheets I'm wrapped up in are the ones on my bed. Night! Ma is laying her head down on the red pillow.
is it my and Whitney's gift?!
First on the list, my list - ideas! Second, writing. Mac lover for over 20 years!
what team(s)?
I just gave the guitarist for the city harmonic directions
Happy Tuesday eve! ;)
And to think they once screamed on airplanes. Thank god they were allowed to live!
CONGRESS, let's compromise on SOPA. Let us keep our online piracy, and we'll let you stop traditional ocean piracy.
My new iPad has left the factory!
I'm not a Broncos fan. I'm a Steelers fan.The Raiders were a great organization until the past 10 years.That is a fact.
. sorry, i didnt mean its just fat, only that it taste & feels just like the fat on a well prepared steak... its fatty duck liver
Oh soo your a lakers fan....I bet you choke on dick too ....
THIS WEEKS LINEUP #WED #HighSOCIETY , #SAT#SOCIALSaturdays ,
Happy Birthday! Have a #GRAND day!
that test was ridic & I wasn't even doing it 😞
happy birthday !
MOTHER'S DAY DEALS COMING SOON.....
Bah! Would have been smart, self-effacing PR.
Just remembered I took meds right before I went to bed. Was wondering why I had such a hard time waking up for the 4am fire alarm
Damn they killed Jr.?
Saturday ! Two days away ! Can't wait ! Gonna be fun
ugh, mad caching necessary, we hates it
Yeah. I get to be harsh and opinionated with my NBA work
Thanks for sharing! Reporting the story was quite the eye-opener for me.
Man I got tha weekend off, like weezy would said HYFR!! gettin some time to spend with my girl.
(jen) Checked a few things off my to-do list while working on the sunny deck!
RT Which was you favorite booth at #RECON 2011? #ICSC << Our client, SRS Real Estate Partners had "the best booth".
I think it's so stupid how UK and Austrailian people get mad at us U.S people cause of one direction it's called a tour for a reason
Its gonna be a #TopChef cat fight during the finale. Welcome back Bev!
I really hate those spam posts that say stuff like "YOU WILL DIE TONIGHT IF YOU DON'T REPOST THIS. Once upon a time..". I should start one.
We packed 10584 cans-441 cases of food today to help feed Chicago's hungry! Thank you Ma, Eddie &
what's your thing? I'm
Urban beekeepers? Who the hell wants bees around? Especially in the city. I don't want to get stung around the red line!
you do know i have a backup
Indeed. RT“: If I mow the yard at 10:00 AM, then I get to drink beer at 10:30 AM. I think that's reasonable.”
Follow me ?
Alam Pro Cleaning Service is committed to supplying the business community with consistent quality maintenance services at below market pric
Why the hell is this Rebecca Black girl still trending?! D:
comin out and running new castle tomorrow!
Thanks for checking! I'm OK---not quite myself yet, but that's to be expected. :)
Good stuff!
“Change your thoughts, change your life.” - James Allen
...and she calls me Spike! ; )
If they can make you laugh, they can make you happy.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character -Albert Einstein
Businesses invited to learn about free business directory in new Midtown Website Tues 9/27 9am @ the Engineer's Club or 3:30pm @ Cyclops.
The EuroConnect is sponsoring "Italy: Love It or Leave It" @ #MSPFest12 tonight! 7:20p, Director present-drinks after @ Vic's!
Our next event is the golf tournament in June. After that, we have a big area-wide cookout in August.
Zilch CD Release Party 2nite w/ two spec guests. Tix just $5 at door show starts at 10pm - Over 21. Come support local live
Just scored the most badass goal in FIFA!
and by "had a Pierpont moment", I mean I saw a lawn gnome
Rough stuff dude
According to survey results, was the favorite speaker at the by a pretty large margin. Nice job Augie!
dip?! No!!! You're telling me your parents aren't gunna stop you from getting mouth cancer but will kick you out for a tattoo?
Please don't go, Maurice Sendak. We'll eat you up. We love you so.
lmao ! I hate minimal x)
this Ryan girl who is a freshman
Thanks for sharing your story Leif. We wish you all the best!
You rock the funky beats! Thanks, Dave! :D
dude he just called u fat OH HELL NO HOLD MY CAKE!!!
I looked up and was so confused!
Tryna find a way home... IhateThisShit:(
LAST of the season. Don't miss it!
Finally caught up on the monsters I needed to make for Aster & Bee. Wee!
I think today was honestly one of my worst days in a while. Im so done with this. I just wish I had someone that I could talk to that cared.
Get here soon, ! I'm waiting for you to hit the BBQ festival. (tweeted while holding a sweet tea)
#shadybiz.. This nigga just ate the pussy on the stage in Central Station.. #cuzheratchet!!
You're welcome!
you smell;)
You can count on me.
The awkward moment when you start having a random cough attack in the middle of class.
"What are these bubbles that come to your face? Yes! AIRBAGS!"
: So by the time you guys finish "saving" the economy, women will be making all the money.
These tights I got on under my pants! <<
I need to talk to you about -- got any time?
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
I love you.
50 cent birthday
Homecoming is next week gotta find a dress
Tweeting from an iPad at a frozen yogurt shop!!! They have a loyalty punchcard
haven't been on in so lonng! :o
it's the same in SF, most barbers there suck and you have to go to a salon. Get your fade on in NY
how was your night? love the spots you picked!
Actually My.... Husband :P =) He's Amazing :D And I <3 Him Very Very Much =D
Omg the Stetson square pool/hot tub makes me feel like I'm not in Clifton.
Computer forensic expert in #CaseyAnthony trial is too entertaining to get any work done - #Myspace and #Facebook being examined in court
I hate the writing honestly. The trip to the gyno was so groanworthy. Felt like something a college freshman would come up w.
Thank you for the follow! We hope you'll come in & try us sometime - we're truly something new for your audience.
I am left homeless, not even able to get or send to Alexandria where my funds are deposited to obtain means for my support
I'm swapping accounts, moving onto my new one, where ill be tweeting more and things! follow me! Thank you bitches xo
Bootstrap's button styling is too clever for its own good.
😂😂 RT : Denver Broncos.... These niggaz is out here lookn like the langley mustangs lol
you can smoke afterschool
All I have in there are semi-frozen chicken breasts
answer your phone bb
Guess I'm Twubby-less 
thanks for your support! Excited to see the post-event wrap-up
Proverbs 11:2 When pride cometh, then cometh shame: but with the lowly is wisdom.
Facebook doesn't make us unfaithful, WE make us unfaithful.
No self-respecting veteran would drive a civilian-make Humvee...least of all in downtown Chicago.
To pre order Nike Fuel band or not to pre order Nike Fuel band?
summer programs going really well: intensive; community; Positive Directions; and youth employment! Not too late to sign up for classes!
Show your audience how your life changed after the implementation of your system. Be a result.
I wanna see transformers 3 soo bad!
#ThatsWhyYouAreLonely you couldnt pay your house on time, so now you have no home due to foreclosure :( Let me help you!
4 real, 1 yr membership FREE www.TheGymPro.com! Use "fit" in the promo code box after the account info page during the signup! PASS IT ON!
What? I had to jump on the opportunity. I haven't made a surprise butt rape joke in forever..
Imagine Justin Bieber at age 40...still wearing those tight white pants and purple shirt... still sexy? Didn't think so... lol
C'MON CAPS! GOTTA MAKE IT HAPPEN!
i'm just going to bull shit my answers lol
Fisher and Kobe just missed two game winning free throws..AARGHH!!
yes! I have no idea where the whole wig-ripping thing started but it need to stop.
Experiencing The Donald vicariously -- via -- at
Survived class w a smile on my face!
Im on my way to go hear my baby brothers heart beat in my mommys tummy ! <3
No Problem Guys!! 😄
Thursday is better for me but I can probably make Fri work!
#WizardsInWinter is one of the best #Christmas songs ever!
I'm about to go by wine coolers because the liquor stores are closed. Gotta love Sundays in the South.
My take on #vinehout on #edshow: Not the greatest debut. Too smiley, needs to pace frenetic commercial TV better.
bishhhh you know I wished you THE MOST happy mothers day. It's 11:59 and still counts!! I win
I'm wit u chuck
Just get the Blue Raspberry ones, problem solved.
F U BOTH
You're fucking amazing. You've inspired me so much, I cant wait to see adtr in concert on the 27th. <3
The video name for VBS- Return of Brittnay-nay and Say-Say
OFF TO WALMART
I think this #webhost that I'm working in is terrible. I'm so glad I have a good host.
I support Youth in Asia. We need Youth in Asia! I want a candidate who represents my beliefs.
Flip flops inherently gross me out. But that doesn't mean I don't wear them.
thanks for the support my man
haha okay will do!!! And well i'm gunna start with youtube vids. And im gunna register to an extras agency
High school drama is so unnecessary.
only if it will work!
I though Shanahan was
Nia Peeples is not on Glee - she's on Pretty Little Liars
what makes it Mexican style?
Check out our newest photo album featuring our Recycling Block party. It was a HUGE success! Thanks to all who came out!
Had a good time celebrating the release of Shawn into the wild on friday.
www.allsportsshopping.com. Major Discounts on all Sports Apparel, UGGS,Nikes, Reebok, sports equipment. ETC
Nuggets up by 5
Doing what I do best: Math Problems!
Oomf kept looking at him and said you want meat lmao suspect
Anyone ever have one of those weeks where it's just like, exactly seven days long? Can I get a witness?
#readerthanks to Melissa M,librarian at Rolling Hills, who never questioned any books that my tween self checked out, no matter how "adult."
#followfriday AMAZING photographer from my hometown :)
Getting my nerd on Loving it.
Those moments where you just wanna lay down and thank God for putting you where you are right now, and keeping you alive and healthy. ☝😘❤
Pedestrian vigilantism is so much better in New York. ;)
hahaha i've been done for a while!
I know that you love me, I know that you miss me... But be man enough to prove it to me!
Your story could touch and heal people's souls
Happy Mothers Day!
seems to be in a great mood today and is tweeting a lot. Makes me happy to see you happy, love. <3
Bought my prom dress & shoes :D
I'm always here too!! I'm going to sleep so GoodNight & Sweet Dreams love!! xoxo I will write you in the morning! :)
9:30 am workout, now I have all this energy and nothing to do!
I like how some people get mad at the most ridiculous things. If it's not a big deal then don't get mad end of story
I was raised by stop sign.
Hey I hope you're feeling better! Poor big guy had a cold..
No matter how bad your situation is,I'm.sure there's someone in a way worse situation then u are..
Ubersocial is screwed up, I may have to go back to tweetcaster
I think his brain shrunk in addition to other things with all those 'roids
RT : Are you engaged? Planning out your dream wedding? Still trying to decide the best wedding photographer for your......
VO Audish today in the studio. Wow! So different than doing it from home.
aww were all interchangeable - like legos but it's a penis
theyre doing entire street!:-)
you're welcome! Haha. Jeez, that post got me in trouble. But worth it, thanks for the follow!
“ Going To School Tomorrow...#Blaaahhh” I've missed you !
Go away, cold wind! You make me wince. I hate wincing!
#StuffKidsSay My daddy can beat Yo daddy up..... Y'all don't remember that shit!
Tonight's Notebook is complete, and has audio from interviews with , and Check it out.
I've seen a lot of crazy scores, but that's the biggest one in awhile.
I dont need to buy any svcs.. If so I will go look. Dont follow me on twitter whew!!
💘💘 morning sweetie
still pretty
Partners on CBS looks like a keeper.
If the real n_ggas respect it, them squares gone rep it...
we taught you everything you know, Mallory!
#WhenAustin randomly started beatboxing under his blankets. :)
Preferably someone between the ages of 25-35
America's Pub tomorrow night = our CD release party with Aliens Vs Robots and The Gunship! We'll have copies the new album for sale! Rock on
Good morning Twitter big dream in the house what it do I want everyone to eat follow me
My friday night is going to consist of reading books and watching movies. sounds good to me. :)
I'll fix your pc for a fair price. Just call me at 404-702-2865.
I could hook you up with MTG people in NYC, sadly not beyond that.
Just saw Coach Tom Powers Jr. walking in Commencement. Awesome.
When you feel comfortable with them. Also when u know inside that you turely love them. Also when you know tht u trust them
Adam didn't play drums at guitar center. Fuck. Pussy.
ha, so true! I still think it's awesome that they are both men singing about shoes
I hope you don't mind; but i'm falling in love with you. <3
Yes, I BELIEVE :-) I believe with all of my heart. BOOH YAH! Gotta live it long....
What am I- like some kind of summoner?
check the band's Facebook for gig dates! c:
Agreed--> RT #NotreDame hopes pre-game videos/intros can mirror what they do at - nobody in league does it better.
sleepover with my best friend ;D should be an interesting night lol
Not at PLA this weekend but getting excited for #slachicago this summer.
This world is full of guys, be a man & not like every other guy...
At Leadership Systems, our business is making your business better.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
I'm back so it turns out that putting baking ice cream dosent take long :P
thats great although i was not interested in knowing....
WTF WHY ISN'T LETTING ME LISTEN TO TURN TO YOU
I hate the Food Network. 1) Every show is the same 2) Guy Fieri 3) It makes me hungry.
What season is that? Is Edgar Styles still ticking?
What is your favorite hot air balloon? Ours is the Carmen Miranda Balloon, perfect for Chic-I-Boom Ball!
Damn straight, squeeze till it screams! Charge!
#Israel Yesterday Israel Today Israel Tomorrow IsraelFOREVER Join Us!!!
Anything with Gamera.
Hilarious! MT : Someone at #mw2012 promised article re: tech destroying memory. He must have forgotten, & I can't recall who it was.
hello my angel :) sorry for the late reply, I'm not at home at the moment . I'll write u an email as soon as I am at home+
praying on the grammys? give me a fucking break.
I would of never thought he was a druggie singing love songs and shit lol
The USC, UCLA, AFI film student white party tomorrow night sounds like fun! Who's going?
You did great! Congrats on making social media time drains part of your actual job! :)
all my twitter friends can you please send me recipes feeding a family of 4 for under $5 please, it's for a great cause.
It has been a productive day... Laundry, home school lessons, dishes, work on the book... Awesome day!
"Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom." Luke 12:32
Oh my god really bitch? Really? Not the time to piss me off
haha i'm widdit! we definitely need to get a good lunch in.
i just got home from work so sorry i missed it maybe next time SING, WORSHIP and GIVE GOD PRAISE, God bless!!
Congrats to on receiving the Staff of the Year Award! Not surprised!
oh yea. I knew db was back but not her,,,let me know if another party is ging down. I will be home next month.
You must. It's bad in Milwaukee. Thunder, rain & such.
RT : From the first black American president, we should expect nothing less then the courage to stand firmly for civil rights.
i think its been close to three! im pretty sure the last time was at fox an hound? right?
oh no lol my research was a phone thing one
haha about what?
Bouta go chill with , gotta love er !
legit is what iam
Thanks for the follow. Nice to meet you! Let me know if you ever need a RT.
Hey all! Check out - a brand new super smart & dynamic content sharing application for social media- sign up for free beta!!!
Ooey gooey musical goodness making me wanna dance.
My macbook pro and my ipad both died. I'm going through electronic withdrawals right now!
y'all gotta swang by when you are in the ATX for the show man
the only reason why I like 1d is because of u.(:
#Dangerzone/Topside Films
I think i might just #occupy a bar stool.. what can i say.. im an activist like that.
haha. Wasn't I supposed to get one?
Listening to online radio and 's "Catholic" from #BeyondThePale just came on! Fan-FREAKIN-tastic!!!!
Putting together a Rashied Ali memorial post. What're your favorites?--"Touchin on Trane", Gayle, Parker, Ali.
ITS FRIDAY THANK DA LORD SWEET BABY JESUS
no probbb love
I'm rdy for this damn game to be over it feels like entire offseason since last #GOSPURSGO game RT : I'm so bored...
- Des-Troy! Stay healthy this year man. You are why we watch the game!
they have an army base out here its called camp zama I'm about to go there now
Our people are dependent upon this generation to stand on the shoulders of giants. The #WSP holds this promise. -Walter Echohawk
RT Our Kathy Sotelo presents a certificate of appreciation to Roadrunner Custom Apparel's Ken Jaramillo. Ken's store
hahaha, no way! Not on twitter!
Pacers showin' out!
": Rockstarsssss tonight!! Thank you so much #Brandagents Great job!!"
metting turned date, and it just got awkward lol what you been up to lately?
It really kills me that there aren't really any cute gay guys within walking distance.
hahaa that's funny
pls say hi to Steve Nodine from Mason!
Of course <3
haha i know. But ill try to get there earlier tomorrow.
im laughing so hard, i knew i hated doing jr luvabulls but i looked like i wanted to cry
Excellent! But that means you're wicked old, Randy (jk). Wake has been one of my favorite #redsox since '95 (I'm old too)
I wish argyle was a verb because whatever the heck it meant I feel it would be pretty fun.
Lmfao Milton is so gross trying to bang my mom.... SMH
Text E to 66333
wat can i do to get money???
Yea sure i will no problem
Hey now, twerpies is nothing to laugh at... every year, well, I won't go into numbers. (:>)
“: He's pissed that his fat ass online girlfriend does porn!” -- lol who
SO pumped you are doing this!
at home needing a vodka shot so bad.
Wait! Look out for that twig! Oh, shitty. Everyone trips over that damn thing. Guess that's why I put it there.
are you sure... Never?
Closing night for Sondheim Unscripted at the Odyssey Theater! 8pm. What a great run!
Do not fear going forward slowly; fear only to stand still.
Just block the website for a week, and delete any apps.
i finally got my laptop
Dance and then the mall with :)
idk i hate science because i have the worst teacher ever and i barely get to talk to my friends that live here anymore (cont)
Q5) but really when it comes down to it, the biz, objectives, content and audience will drive that decision. That's the ID role!
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope everything went well as expected!
Already did. He bitches too much.
“: TURN the SOUND SYSTEM DOWN!!!! Good Lord I'm losing my hearing at 25. #LetsGoPens” making up for the crowd
travel auction: NOAA sought magician, now wants plans to disappear
You are very welcome, and we're glad to have brightened your day! We've sent you a DM with more details, so make sure to check it!
I ran out of the bathroom when i heard one direction on the radio screaming yes! Yaay! :D listening to them now :)
Humility is good. RT : Here's a switch: Making edits to my own blog post that suggested. We trade the editor hat sometimes.
Elaine, founder of Atlanta Natural Hair Care, Inc., will be a guest tonight on WRFG's Sunday Night Fiyah at 10pm on 89.3FM
Thanks for the Retweet!
#ConfessionNight I miss you. Even just a simple text or a Hi from you would make me happy.
Passion, pain, and pleasure.<3
"By the time the fool has learned the game, the players have dispersed"...Ashanti Proverb
The Hamilton. It's positioned as kind of a know-it-all cocktail bar, but it's been a trainwreck every time I've been here.
Say hey to your mom today. Hey, mom!
good point!
Tower Heist
The yoghurt splash me and go to my hair and this is the stupid event lol I got shy infrontof him . (•̃.•̃)
Tell 3 people how much you appreciate them today.
keep supporting
& the nuggets are actually a well rounded team & have one of the best benches which is what the Lakers lacked till mwp came back
Braun's AB could be added to your list
Thank you so much for the follow!
well said. everybody should have whatever they desire
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN DREW BIEBER!!! LOVE YOU <3
Thanks, Nancy! I haven't looked at those, must take a gander.
truly tragic...
This seems like a contradiction in terms.
#YES ": LOL so random. RT“: Hey, I just f**ked you, And this is crazy, But there's the kitchen, Sandwich maybe?”"
What the hell is a 'luxer'? We get it. Lux is a cute 8 month old. No need to obsess over her.
Our fans are the best! Thanks so much for asking your friends to vote for us to play Edgefest and Bonnaroo. It really helps so much!
im not retarted im dysfunctional
Helping my brother plan how to ask out the girl her likes..... Too cute!! He's grown up so fast!!😢
yes, and its this week.
Tips and Tools for Blogging? I’ll Take a Baker’s Dozen.
Dragons, mermaids, a love so true, a private island full of secrets, and a sheriff to make your blood go cold!! ebooks only $1
I am in Rhode Island the 15th -23rd, anytime before or after that will work :)
no treatment other than painkillers or finding a good OTC joint pain medicine.
Off to get my volunteer on at the Tribute WTC Visitor Center
you can take a week off every month if you're going to push like that!
Take home the title in
#Knicks and #Yanks lets win tonight!
At tambo grill lol I love this place!!!! :D
My Kindle 2 died with malfunctioning screen, out of warranty. I think they like to be used more often than mine was.
yea that was shocking ... But Romney sucks I had him as gov in Mass for years he flip flops alot,
I bet you guys play post-industrial emo-punk.
we so do need to play more! Saturdays are good for me after the 18th. How are you doing, girl?! :)
When an issue arises, ebay favors buyers vs. sellers, even when sellers are honest. Sell at your own risk!
um ive been waiting on my future baby daddy to come out with a hit..... HES back!!! lol
My mom really knows how to ruin my day.
They're going to tell you to aim low, only look out 4 your lowest self, & submit & surrender to an empty life. I suggest: don't. ~
that SCA REUNION WAS BORIN AS IDK WAT UGH THEY WASTED MY 3LIL HOURS I COULD HAVE DOIN SUM ELSE
Yay! RT : So excited for the whole fam to get to NYC and for all of my graduation festivities to begin!!!!
my mam just called my brother a sexually transmitted disease...
Studied casual is the new blue suit. Next time you'll know better.
You know you are getting old when you are signing autographs to kids who's parents came to see u when they were young at Skate w/the Badgers
Wait, is Zooey Deschanel doing a commercial for the iPhone 4s, or did a "Quirky Girl" sketch escape from SNL? Seriously. I can't tell. Help.
On skype with one of my longest running friends. A replacement for actual interaction :D
so do you have 12 or more? That should be fine!
Thanks for the love !
The images of the Wasp in #Avengers #162 are not gratuitous. If it was OK with the Code in 1977, why wasn't it OK in 2004?
Peter Shankman: If you don't have haters you're not doing enough to shake things up
Rockband marathon night. We are dressed like the 1980s shat on our clothes. Love it.
I wish i could relive that momment agian and agian priceless XD
#BestLyricsEver "I did it like this. I did it like that. I did it with a whiffle ball bat."
whoa, thanks for promoting me promoting you!
Fantastic write-up! I added a poster and am about to pimp it out. Thanks!
and why do you continue to fuck with Bubba?
Can't get over how much im loving chemistry and biology.
What up Notre Dame!?!?!
Time to wake up the wife and baby. Wish me luck!
I don't know! Discovery is still in DC at the Air and Space Museum as far as I know...
Today I released my federal tax returns from the last 6 years. Will give #NY27 voters the same transparency? They deserve it.
oh yes.
haha you dont know that!! LOL! haha and of course!! Its what I do. XD
once got $50 for helping a woman pay her property taxes online. but I couldn't keep the money. donated to library.
You don't need a makeover! We could demo the latest in Keratin Treatments or Extensions. Something Glamorous darling. LOL
Get outta heeree.
Many thanks to , & for Goldfinger on audiobook, Jan's #shakennotstirred choice! IS Bond.
By some amazing coincidence Grandparents' Day Lunch falls during the Scholastic Book Fair at my kids' school. What are the odds!
he will join in too...
Check it out and see for yourself. I did I know you can.
Humbled by your words Alan! <3
haha wrap it up and save it for me for Christmas!
RT : Come hear Jose Salazar of Tarzana Treatment Centers speak this Thurs 3/22 on the state of behavioral health services...
Hey Friends Follow Back Waiting for you Lets try and get my followers all are following back at sametime
I can't get my phone im doing video!!
It most certainly is to a significant degree. Did you not see her teary eyed "all you do is look in a mirror" speach?
Yea, I got people out there too .
-__- she says that this place is her life and she dont want to leave even for me -.- even though she was like crying when i told
So... I'm 5'10 from Hialeah. Does that make me sexy?
It's official, Freak is my favorite song by followed by Wake Up, You guys have outdone yourselves. Can't wait for the 26th!
that is funny, what up pimp, I see u still doin ur thing on that music. And yo tweet game is crazy! Lol.
BTH would say the Sturch look-a-like is "handsome"
Bangin' club, baby!
chilling with tomorrow
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's that make the world go round. Xo
thats go! //brb for like 20 minutes
A cyclist was just struck by a truck in front of my house this afternoon-and he was obeying traffic laws. Why?
Tks for the RT! Very worthy tweet
To meditate, only you must smile. Smile with face. Smile with mind. Even smile in your liver. - Eat Pray Love
show tonight at Lorelei MM 82 Islamorada Florida Keys 6 PM . music by daft like Jack 5 PM to 8 PM
Best part of working late is listening to #Delilah on the cab ride home.
Happy New Year. Pretty assured that there isn't an impending apocalypse. So sit back and listen to the hum of expectation.
You've heard about Chinaglia's death by now? What are your memories of competing against him?
i was afraid of that otherwise you'd be the first person I called. I'll be up in nor cal soon though!
Did the #DetroitLions draft the whole #Sooner Football team????
Okay, must we endure tweet following requests from looneys!
Worry never robs tomorrow of it's misery, it only steals today of it's joy. Fuck the Future.
who is getting married? Come back for birthday week!!!
You're not the only one, J! This status feels GOOD. ;)
RT : Last chance to win a chance with to have us playmates rock it out with !!! Sign up! IT'S FREE!!
The Apple ones are the only ones I do. I guess there's not a whole lot of jazz stuff on there. :( Maybe there will be in the future!
Graco Newborn Napper Pack n Play Playard Whitney - Walmart - graco pack n play playpens play yards
I think it's very brave that is covering a John Mayer song--I hear Young Jeezy's gonna do a Jason Mraz tune next.
Chef Rob & deliver again. Another great meal on Monroe.
I am starting to get a little concerned at the man yelling outside my house..
Prof. John Harrison, formerly DOJ deputy Asst. AG, explaining "implied obstacle preemption" doctrine & its problems. Cases hard to predict.
Never let optimism become obsolete in your life. Never let critics control your creativity. Never let doubt direct your dream Never give up
that's what he said!!
May God Bless you and bring you joy and happiness to the new year. Happy new year, didn't get the chance to wish you it
for sure... lemme check the schedule
I get to see my family soon!!! I haven't see my mom/dad/sister since March. I haven't seen everyone else for YEARS.
Paging -- -- you're wanted on skype!
Hey guys, anyone know how to recover files deleted from the trash? I'm using a mac. Thanks!
Hey yourself Peter! Miss you :) RT: ": hey miss thang x"
Listening to debut album, Barton Hollow. Definitely worth checking out! Excited about seeing them live in a few weeks.
Dat Walk Me Down Got Me Dizzy
Good Friday Lunch or Dinner from Ashley's. BBQ.... Enjoy Fish Fry, BBQ or Chicken. Sandwiches, and much more. We can deliver to your...
Thanks and get to marry my best friend:)
Slovenia's Krka eyes takeover targets - Reuters
America & the World, 40% off. 330-430, booth 323. #AHA12. Stop by, meet the authors
are they hiring over there!?? :)
yes! Let's meet up!
Asyling Digital Media Solutions and Paperlit - Fomr #Tablet and #Mobile Apps to Facebook - Europe vs US #pbc12 STARTING NOW in Alvin/Edison
shit he woke up, all i wanted was a picture!!
GOP Senate candidate Mark Neumann contacted AP to say his solar companies got more in federal tax breaks than first reported Thursday.
#EastCoastMustHaves the crab, mac n cheese hot dog with #OldBay at
Unanimous winner: Floyd "Money" Mayweather.
what about welker drawing the coverage away from him
Could any of you please follow my other feed , it's a school project I was forced to do, just for a week please :-)
I never tried that! That might help!
havent seen the sun shine in three days :(
A3. As previously discussed, Gordon Ramsay! I watch his show Kitchen Nightmares on BBC America all the time!
Who you pulling for tonight? I'm for COTTO!!
When I say at the end of the day, I mean the end of my day.
If you mess up, ‘fess up. Getting caught in a lie or a half truth never goes well on camera. Honesty really is the best policy.
See you next time San Diego. It's been fun!
Excited to play in Roseville this Thursday w/ our friends in and !!
LMAO RT: : how can you not love He teaches white ppl how to communicate with minorities.
One thing the is missing ... FIREWORKS!!!
Anti-nutrition includes lead poisoning
..what'chu gunna do about it anyways today, change the system, blame the victim, never do that, but that is the trend...
I feel new enthusiasm for life as I let go of fear and limiting beliefs.
It's ok, I play one in real life. It's just no one expects it.
I had an ill ass verse on there that will never be heard... Lol naw but them songs cool as hell
I'm holding strong at 57 klout!!
I guess i can get up early...on Sunday, Gio.
And the #185rappers say, "Great. Now we have 100 problems."
Belafonte refused to drop white artists so the southern stations wouldn't bail on his show. Racism hurts white folk too.
RT : Dave just hit the stage at #EntreAZ. He's on fire.
Tomorrow in Work It: An update on plans for the 2015 World Cycling Championship:
soon? And Damn how'd it go???
Is your website down? I can't access it right now.
Kitty needs to get off my lap so I can go to Jimmy Johns. I eat there too much but their veggie w/o mayo is so good.
im not psychic
when does this warning go into affect? Where's the storm coming from?
when you come i want enchiladas with rice
the #Lolla station doesn't update the artist/song so I don't know what I'm listening to
If my dad comes home and finds me in a dress again he's gonna disown me.
RT : Make sure to buy the Journal Sentinel today to get our 2012 #Brewers season preview special section. Full of good stuff!
can u please follow or give me a shoutout :)
excited about beginning a new series this weekend with a wonderful cast and crew !!
jus pray..nd go 2 sleep, cuz its not healthy 2 go 2 bed angry.....:) hopefully anything I said made yhu day
You gotta fight ... For your right ... To PARTY
I'm pretty sure before I had Lucas I never once cried during the news. Now I cry during the news once a week.
Thanks for the assistance in getting Twitter up and running. Already hearing from friends who I followed. Several came in.
how's that for running with a chip on his shoulder? nice focus and determination
Actorshelper.com teams up with Hulu!! Visit us today
“: Heard you were a wild one O ” you reading my mind always?? I can't stop singing it
Hey hey, I'm Dave Courier / when I rock the jackeloup the ladies say "yay!"
sounds like me.
Introducing: The Luxury Bellagio Wedding Photography Package by James Broome - The Wedding Photographer Manchester
lol that would be hilarious if he did it again!!
interesting! I have less trouble with that. I think they can tell I'm a lot older than them.
I had to Google Salsalito and now I'm on YouTube searching 4 B-juice clips. Plz tweet at an 8th grade level.
If you agree it's hypocritical for Christians to tout values while supporting who they deem 2 be a cult member, please Retweet or Share.
What is your kid's favorite activity at Kid's Night? We will see you and your family soon!
I need to change my mojo.
": When it comes down to it, the last person you think of at night is the one who truly matters to you."
Looking forward to hearing from you at 8:05 on Packer Transplants. (646) 797-2909.
New client in the booth going good
yep he played well
TONY DUH MAN
it's going to be whatever animal gets in my way! i'm a monster with this headache! my judgement is clouded!
Hey Guys!!! So happy to see you here!!
what about the kids who don't sleep at all
& she can't be the grown woman tht she is & talk about it so thts my que <\3
i'm always hungry. -_- i wish my stomach would chill.
haha.. that didn't take long ;)
I did ... let me figure out how to paste it together.
Don't Hate Appreciate.!
"Who or what gives you great job? Why?"
Good, got the double play! But still!
aww ok well keep me posted :)
Where are you at Coachella?
whenever.im just without wheels!
Recharge That's what the quiet time is for.
now tmoney has a girlfriend ugghhh :o
#afpmeet Congrats to Denny Sanford #afpihq AFP 2012 Philanthropist of the year from #VOA especially his fans in South Dakota
. says we still need quiet, noncommercial spaces of contemplation #AAS3rdCentury // Sounds more like a public park to me.
u 2 are perfect tgether bro
Could you follow for a quick DM? Thanks!
We don't have to go nowhere. That's not what I want, baby it's you. :)
Dustin Brown a little teary eyed there. Good for him...
I have loved many, the more and the few - I have loved many that I might love you.
RT : Another great GA at #occupyumd change of plans trying to grow under the radar for now. BIG plans in #solidarity with
I only need two more subscribers till 300! Can i get them by midnight?? ;D
#UpAllNightMusic in full effect.
some ppl deserve to get fired..
About to start Reading the second book that I took from the library. "How to Become a Working Actor" Susan wright Staying Focused
you have better hair than her btw.
Excited to make tonight at the event in #Philly. Such an important cause for
Optimizing that content is a key step, however, to ensure you give your valuable content the best chance possible of drawing traffic from
You must have crossed the river before you may tell the crocodile he has bad breath.
up a small batch of bleach mixture(MANIC PANIC FLASHLIGHTNING 30volume)add it to 2 tablespoons or so of shampoo in a cup.
trying to figure out where the &trialcode= is coming from...
#thingsthatpissmeoff when I do alot of shit around the house, and then I get told that I never do anything.
good because that gives you a better chance of noticing me
TONIGHT!! We're whoreing it up on the Pro Stage! Get tickets! We sell out every year! Ticket-wise and creative-wise.
So I just checked with my homeboy and his delivery date is Aug 1. So sad.
It's the content not the colour - thank you for your legacy
I love lazy Saturdays!!! How about you???
good to hear they are enjoying the rays! I thought it'd be much warmer w/ how sunny it is-regretting wearing spring coat today :/
Others come here from abroad But as as they obtain advanced degrees, we send them back home to compete against us. It makes no sense.
on your first day, find the biggest, meanest sumbitch in the joint and pop him right in the face.
I want to try caviar nails :)
yes...i remember some pics you showed me awhile back...but then your nephew & him look a bit alike don't they?
hey sweets!
Question For My Crush: What's up with that restraining order against me?
Kennywood just opened the gates!! I lost Noah :(
lmao it was me
How does she advertise that she's from the library? I've tried this, but students don't come.
hm and there are a lot of authors who tweet
haha will u go to skul now??
Hey hearing a lot of buzz that if Big East collapses, ND headed to Big 12 in all sports but football.
": its my 14th birthday tomorrow! Tweet Me?Xx 8" TWEET HER TWEET HER TWEET HER :D
what's this
"Learn how to BRING IT live, night after night after night. Your audience WILL remember you" -from 's keynote speech at
i already am my own boss
I swear some women are just so thirsty! Stop pulling your cup out if there's no beverages around!
You're welcome !
Tough to say. I'd guess 10. RT how many AF games get televised this year you think?
Who do you think elena will choose damon or stefen
I feel like singing to some body...
Kid with autism > OKC
A great thing about this 4 week summer class I'm taking is no papers!
same as here, I don't really go on it that much. :)
UVA nursing open house. Bring on the biology 101.
Agreed. After you reconnect w/ people you weren't friends w/ in high school pics & videos are what drives continued engagement.
My Love is Off Da Planet, Please Don't Panic
Blows through torrential downpour for turtle soup, fried green tomatoes and fried chicken sammie on croissant. We must be in Louisiana!
I think you're about to get it then. "Death from Above".
You can't expect God to bless you with new things, if you're not willing to give up old things.
#OhSnap RT : Fair question. RT : did you play the red tees? Ha jk
Thank you for wearing our sterling, 'B' in black diamonds ring in this month's InStyle spread. You looked gorgeous!
awwwees , thanks sweetie .
jamming OUT to yellowcard "only one" right now. will always be my jam ;)
hey ugly.
Anybody wanna let me use their HBO login so I can kill some time waiting for my ride? please? :D
Crazy Clown Time is like a Lynch movie without the movie — there are narrative splinters, dark images and an old, eerie noir feeling.
And then Thomas looks off mine(; it's kinda like a train(: choo choo
Back in DC after another afternoon of delayed flights....glad to be back!
i really wanted to go see yall today but i cant:/ have fun!!!
it's okay that I'm always here for everyone but no one gives a shit about me when I need em
don't forget #BruceBowen had history of crotch shots too
Today was kinda like surviving a tornado. Looking forward to tomorrow!
it was of two jokes that these people put on a white board. It wasn't fuzzy originally. I'll send it to u :p
digging to find out. Ever, seems crazy, right?
Congrats Bernadette Thompson of Cheswick who won tix and Zach Storf of Washington won tix today on FROGGY!
In my world sweeps has started. Let the games begin!
playing the game ATM, open ended trip as long as this game is good. Feel free to say hi
that's the best from your Cena column? Come on BR WWE page gives stupider comments than that.
I GOT THE MO VES LIKE JAGGGER !
Rocked last night. Good times of course
Tom was staring the fuck outta you (;
Gonna get my TB shot. Im scared
ahaha. That's an ace idea... especially during the drunk debauchery that goes on downtown, lol.
R.I.P Whitney Houston :( I Will Always Love her too but also,its her fault,she has prepared her death....
“The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.” George Bernard Shaw
Go away.😳
i really need a good show to watch on netflix
“: . Please change your avatar! No more egg..” I second that!!
Officially restarting my extremely inconsistent integrated pest management system.
Team meeting tomorrow is mandatory. Go to the team website for directions. Season starts tomorrow. Don't be left behin.
u must have been SUPER bored
All the freaking time, no clue and I can't find any help docs about it. If you find anything, then please share!
Without wearing any mask we are conscious of, we have a special face for each friend
Thanks for the mention -keep those precious children healthy/happy!
yeah, HA!
What is your faorite Chris Brown song? #M&N should sing one of his songs! <3
Worked in the garden yesterday, come vegetables grow big and strong!
Just heard a dude named "Super Everybody Get-Along" kicked a guy in the nuts.
Thanks for the support
Just watched on ! Some of the old songs Zoli sounded like Getty Lee
♬ Rick Wright from Pink Floyd would have been 68 today, sad to say Rick passed on 15th September 2008, at the age of 65, such a loss ♬
Ha! That almost made me do a spit take. #Witch LoL
Brass Monkey has multiplied! Brass Monkey 2 is open in #Milwaukee at 700 east layton Stop & check us out Tonite, DJPenetrate on the tunes!
Yes, it's deceptive, but only to an extent and mostly in relation to his breaking ball.
No worries. Hmm, I don't write for Southside Times so not sure. Ultimately, we're all connected, somehow. Have a great weekend!
Saying Merp, in the middle of a conversation > ☺
#ChuckNorris digs graves with a shoe horn.
Can't ever forget the French/Irish, they're the most dynamic & throw the best parties!
#bruins win by a touchdown.
no.. just 3
Million ways to get this money but we think snow Every time I see a chick I just think hoe And every time I meet a nigga I just think Po'
no worries babe :D
I was at Dunkin Dounuts this morning and I tried to log on my phone to twitter and I couldn't log in .I forgot that I changed my username.
Emmanuel leads Johnson and wales at half 35-23. Everson with 15 points on 7-11 shooting and one MONSTER dunk.
lovely easter eggs!
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Cauliflower and Lentil. Sugar-free lemonade is Ginger Peach.
Top 5 headaches of all time. WTF is going on up there?
Having big lips sucks. Its like having extra weight on your face and it looks like I just got stung by a bee.-___-
Fuk the energizer buny ima hot rod mix with a muscle car
I am on page 21 in Mr Dreamz Magazine. I am on the left and thats Jackpot the other artist on my label on the right of me.
I think you meant "avoidable contact."
thank YOU for sharing, next time we'll do a story on better news
Yea u don't have one
excellent piece of reporting this morning, good points from all angles
Go ahead & hate her, everybody does.
Hi everyone! Sorry for not posting lately, I've been busy.
Go check out #G.A.MClothingInc on fb me love you long time
Third test for connection from Twitter to Facebook
i know me too!
“: First God, Then Yourself, Then people..Many people put the last group before everything and everyone”
RT : HEAT ADVISORY- heat index just under 100 degrees - keep cool, seek shelter in AC - hydrate sensibly
I wish there was a #shakaBro emoji 👎👎👎😠
Yay! The Butcher and the Vegetarian by has just shipped from Amazon. Can't wait to read it!
Austin is in love with Whataburger lol .. (;
Wat u bout to eat!!
Just date guys who like brownies? ?
New blog post : 5 Dieting Tips for Fat Loss
Mish is missing her two prized possessions...Hilliary and Dustin. They are the best kids in the whole wide world
The Chiefs aren't done yet.
An amazing day with my daughter...
Quick workout then dinner date with :)
HAHAHA YEAH LOVE THOSE NUGGETS!!
u r hot
Leadership - Let him who would be moved to convince others, be first moved to convince himself.
definitely an easy group to root or.
DOES ANYONE WHO IS A MEMBER WANT TO NOMINATE ME SO I CAN GO TO THE CONFERENCE. *cough*
so are
Pssh that's not what you just told me rn! You said he's very manly and sexy and remember I agreed and yeah, just admit it!
Shit god damn them niggas sorry
Next up at
. just told me she had a dream where we went to an ICP concert and a guy's foot got in my mouth. Terrifying.
shout us out!!! We're doing Cinematic music videos for $700. ONLY for the month of April
2011.08.23 #Brewers 11 #Pirates 4 | Crew is back on track / dominating the Pirates / home away from home
Demi is the girl who avoids drama and hate. She knows that time is precious & she isn't gonna waste hers on unimportant people. ♥
once again watching these dead beat fathers on teen mom lol
I just threw mine out today. It was kind of a sad occasion haha
SAN DIEGO EVENT UPDATE! The SD Bay Parade of Lights will not be having fireworks during their parade this Sunday, Dec. 18th.
@ school... gotta do poem wtf am i gonna write about!?!? W.e. i'll figure it out :) Vote Lee DeWyze for our next american idol!!! :)
I'm a couple episodes behind at the moment though
Im trying to hold back my tears, i dont wana cry today, but i know i am, because i love him so much<3 RememberTrust
Extra possessions and kicking out to Chris Paul when defense is all messed up should be good for two wins.
": Not sleeping Alone my friend is coming over sleepover!!!" Should have called me over
one of these days I hope one of those gigs will be mine!
There was a bill introduced in Arizona ( to make fireworks legal- Is this a plan to eliminate housing inventory by starting fires?
We are told the Batavia Fight Club is trying to plan more fights between middle schoolers...
very true!
Time to start reading Hunger Games again.
Anyone else read the Sports Illustrated article where the Reds are picked to win World Series? Insane!!
I love your music soo much. If you're ever near Pensacola, please let me know. I would do anything to be at one of your concerts.
"What the "Haves" have over the "Have Nots" is not money. It is information. —Delano Johnson
it'll b a whole lot better if we win then a loss, this i know...
i love it when i see two of my favorite Terps players talking. Hope the best for both of u next season.
goodbye camas... HELLO DISNEY WORLD!!
Magic, be assured that Jackie Robinson is smiling down on you with #DodgerPride on this day.
...and how old r u? Im asking because of your response, not to the gaming. RT Yes my dear, I am
Hoosier tradition: "sink the biz" at nick's English hut. Oh Indiana...
good start for the
so do people... lol
Trivial pursuit? Trivial Pursuit!
862 miles traveled so far, Deadwood, SD to Aberdeen. Now Fargo bound. And just got service back
well I can only claim the Google voice thing. Whatever it is...
Handed out pears in our cafeteria to celebrate National Nutrition Month today - what did you do to celebrate??
Code Purple. this is NOT a drill. i repeat CODE PURPLE. and this Dirty Bieber Secret shit is f-ed up...
Right back at you!
Somehow stretched that paper to 8 1/2 pages. Finally done.
yall don't love me
. TV 2012 - Subscribed!
please please please. thats the week im going too
Fallen Captive gets a shout out from summerian records! Everyone go to there Facebook page and let them know what u think about us!
My city is better than your city
2 week e-mail about to go out to the group
#ThingsTougherThanDRoseBody Fourth quarters to LeBron James.
Just found out and downloaded the New iPad app! This is bad news bears!!!!!
Don't watch TV this Wednesday. AT ALL. Stay online, go outside, do ANYTHING but watch TV.
I know. I'd rather he get hit by a freaking train.
promote a culture of innovation
only your pizza pizza!
they sure did...and we bout to beat yall on yall own court too
Veiny arms, for some odd reason, drive me crazy.
Maybe if you weren't such a slunt, the rest of clermont county would have a steady relationship with the one they love.
UL's Peyton Siva and UK's Jon Hood to participate in Slam Dunk contest tomorrow @ Bellarmine.
Thank you momma! You're the sweetest! I love you with all my heart <33
Music can always make me feel so much better (':
Wow...its amazing whats happening right now...join in on the fun by giving to RISD's annual fund. <3 Deja
ha, well if you ever do, it's pretty convenient.
“: #CelticsNationStandUp” YEP YEP
Oh. That's right. This is that time of year. Are they wearing matching tshirts? Fanny packs?
Just realized this morning how many studios I know my way around from my years working in the biz
"Postmodern culture is more and more a market culture dominated by gangster mentalities and self-destructive wantonness.” Cornell West
Easy answer to that question. Where else can you find the entire heavy metal -> lullaby album series for free?
St patty's bar crawl 3/13 in uptown Charlotte. 5000+ crawlers, literally. Going to be crazy. Rockhouseevents.com
can we get hairston to play the whole left side of the infield for us? also, he can bat 6/7.
im KingBrittian, Im A Rapper from Atlanta and im tryna make it in the rap game
We love to brag about our brunch! #Brunchcrew and now we serve lunch!
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE "INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT"!
well, ain't that just the most darlin' thing ya eva did see?
Cyprus SEO and eMarketing Agency JPP Marketing Delivers &quot;Social Media for Career Advancement&quot; at University of Cyprus
I want my birthday to come already
LOL! Same here, but if there's an open pen, a grease spot on the wall, or a child with chocolate, my white clothes will find it.
Heading to the "Your Child had a Pulse!" (i.e. Middle School Honors) awards ceremony.
miss you too man! Thanks
great meeting you yesterday!! We had fun!! Thank you for keeping the crowd entertained as well
Kirkus says SPARKS is "a kinetic and well paced comedy that just might win a few converts…original and appealing."
First day tutoring at the language center!
#CxEB the pink bohemian wink :)
oh thank Resurrected Jesus. I thought that I missed that class in seminary. I don't get it either.
Thanks for swinging by the Oyster yesterday! How was everything? Slurp some Bivalves?
How are Ronny and Donny enjoying military school?
Successful meetings today with national church leaders. We are preparing to take Phil's Friends to the next level! What part do you play?
Fuck a bitch till she tap out 👋
yeah I know. I can just imagine lol
Why do Jewish men watch pornos backward? They like the part where the prostitute gives the money back.
Did I just walk out of the gym with my coat unzipped and just my bra on?! Haha Yeah... I did! Lmfao
“: it's so adorable that Newt thinks he has a snowball's chance in hell of ever being President.”
happy birthday! hope you have a beautiful day :)
I just got replace. It good working with ub to day :). Big hug
Up next, tells us how Rick Santorum can maintain his momentum up next on CNN Early Start
Think it's going to be tough to blend 10 voices together for to be successful on
this doesn't look like SAT, get back to work
well crap!!! Maybe then the weekend?
hope you're travels are going well Static! Get home safe and come visit soon!
we checked. Bob Loblaw says "why should you go to jail for a crime someone else... noticed?"
Off to ct to see some very special huskies!
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly look at em with one eye close
Man these days is just getting realer than ever...
