Definitely since I can't go!!! Tell him I love him too and he should have a concert in Washington.
Please help us in welcoming new #smchi pro member of ! Welcome John! cc
:-) I appreciate you!
Had a great day with the best friend Cassie...so blessed to have such great friends!
nah man i didnt know church was on monday lulz
Exciting times for #ssjcpl: kick-off meetings today for both new self-check configurations and with OverDrive!
thanks for the shout out and nice use of parentheses!
.ROADS WILL BECOME SNOW COVERED AND SLIPPERY OVER NIGHT DRIVE SAFE.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
Watching #Chronicles! These dudes need their ass kicked!
well, remember when we were eating those dates???
It was me.
In French 3 and wish I actually knew French..
If yall don't know bout the Russian Baths you better ask somebody and find out!
It's a useful statistical term, but otherwise overrated and overused.
Ah trix cereal for breakfast 👍👍
I really enjoy running stairs in my house it gets me in good shape. Plus its safer. #NoStrayDogs lol
Thank you for featuring my blog post!
Seriously. You all need to pay that man. The Most valuable guy to his team's success = Drew Bree$
thanks4 the followback! if you need sharpening, scissors or fresh products call text or tweet me! i got the goodness :) - Pete
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best that we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
Today was interval runs. 1200, 1000, 800, 600, 400, 200 :04/mile. All this on the dreaded mill. Can't wait for spring.
and David halberstam wrote the forward.
Hannah Dickstrong, her dick stretches into next week!
So - see you around 5? The weather seems to be temporarily cooperating.
Most women look for a man they can live with, but I want a man I can't live without.
At church wanting to go home...
Post Bone Fish Grill Food Coma
remember when that lady came last year and did all those crazy things??
Does anyone ever send you a proposal in a FedEx envelope? If so, do you just trash it? Random question but would love to hear...
only 7 more months till
- Michele Bachmann's photo says it all. Crazy is as crazy does
We have been out of the loop but we are back on it!!! Stop down at our North Ave location and try our new Gouda apple sausage!
lmao can I come? I'll bring a piñata
Thank you for all the RTs and support!
JavaScript Olympics Tip #2: You should be able to select every tenth matching element.
Currently playing bocce ball at a bar in downtown Oakland.
This UK team is mean tonight. 3's all night!
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspratn hope financial support families affected cancer help
We just finished the new epi, ncaa championship discussion and masters preview, as well as AMC's The Killing review. Download on iTunes now!
#PhDStudentPanel: Libraries should give 'Metaworkshops' on PDF organizational software. What's being used in my field?
Congrats, Kate! Exciting news :-)
It's pretty crazy that the Superdome has only hosted 5 Final Fours, but they are all memorable. 1982, 87, 93, 03, 12.
The second season of Shameless thus far just doesn't have the same story gripping feel as the first season. It's early still.
By the way, I'm listed as mostly alright on Klouchebag. :) sweet!
Every time I read a press release quoting Rexam CEO Graham Chipchase, I start craving Toll House cookies.
You're looking good Roger! It was nice to see you, your peeps in SA miss you!
From 12 noon today to 12 noon Feb 9, purchase tickets to two select Conservatory concerts & Receive 15% Off! Call 414/276-5760 for details.
Here we go ready to attack Thursday, several meetings and more MusicMaster.
all i hear is bad boy this and bad boy that....keep up the hustle its inspiring.....
After 10 days, 7 States, 3 days at #SLA12, 3 days of mtn biking and 3,693 miles, I finally made it back to KC. Back to the grind!
All of my friends' MapMyRun maps are looking more and more like crop circles. So that's at least one X-File we can close.
Want to boost email open rates? Experiment with early mornings, early evenings and weekends. Except on Super Bowl Sunday. :)
thanks so much for the follow...if u can't sleep please consider our groupon for great savings on a new mattress!
Just looked at Tumblr. Inspired me to restart mine!
glad you are excited!
MindTap imports library content, tracks use & links to student achievement. Demonstrates library's role in student success
those parking garages are a disaster...need a GPS just to get out...ugh..
I see you spring time! What are your favorite spring activities?
RT : Facebook phones? Watch out, Google
No problem! Maybe there's a California trend going on :)
Wow, THE HUNGER GAMES sure sucked. For a dystopia violence sure is unintentionally detached from trauma, even more so than in the book.
Appointments are available for Healing and Life Counseling. or daily: 615.719.0904
nice pic! Miss y'all!
Continuing through IN, KY, OH 4 the BE PREPARED AMERICA 2011 US TOUR! Be ready for major disasters, America, wherever in this land you live!
THAT IS HOW YOU START IT.
Great turnout for screening of Bag It hosted by Green Wheaton!
thanks dude!
Congrats! Good luck :)
Disneyland is the greatest place in the world. Not coming home.
#cvcouncil Public comment: cmty needs to be engaged. Find ur champions to help share info and build identity from cmty up
Forgot how absurd the #Maury show is.
Sitting next to ? RT : About to go listen to Jay Wright, Mike Dunlap and Jerry Krause speak at the NABC clinic.
tY HAPPY EASTER TO YOU!!
Wedding planning is soo much fun!
And the politicians blame the Public Safety workers pensions for the world's financial problems.
this is good. very good.
Just kidding. Guess Bart's not really dead.
Raw Nerve is on Netflix Streaming! I am home after surgery, on pain pills...my life is complete
Dang its 1 but it feels like its 8am im so tired
First weekend off... Lollapalooza.second weekend off... Recording... Damn I love my life
very nice
You're a stupid hoe for making Stupid Hoe
cant wait for the shopping event! a full week of shopping!
Turn that thumb upside, plumb!
Life's a reasonably good play with a horribly written third act.
but the #PR grind missed you so much!
in other words, why not just say, "he said something homophobic, sexist, and ageist" and leave it at that?
#cody what's one of the best places you've been on tour so far?
at the Zeidler Municipal Building, 841 N Broadway St (directly next to/east of City Hall) in room 102.
If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your fucking clothes off.
(jen) Looking for a sketch-style production animator for a new project. DM me for info re illustration style.
It's been awhile since I saw specific #designer #fashion in my dreams -- thanks and
Interim candidate - John Elway
He was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1984
thanks John. I enjoyed The Hitchhiking. Nice premise.
also appreciate the RTs
lol i thot it was fine :P
If only I could fast forward time and then rewind it back when I want too.....
Waking up to playing fifa and screaming at the top of his lungs is never a good thing. -__-
Maybe we could just start calling drinks made with whole milk "chubby".
A5 Mastery is the result of Passion
Hoping Tyler Myers is ok!
Today is Sunday 8) yesterday was Saturday 8) tomorrow is Monday 8( and in and in 5 days it will be Friday 8) & 8(
Since it was the seniors last day of school on Friday I told Georgia about how I think he's an angel and I had a dream about him:b
Happy Friday! Empowering others doesn't take a break on the weekends. No better time to volunteer like the present. What are you doing?
She falls asleep so early every night lol
Goodnight people! 💤 good luck on the ACT tomorrow :) 📝
Happy Monday! Did anyone take their goods out to the fields this weekend?
Haha. Those shirts were so funny.
Fuck they got it back on >:/
When I find something I love, I gotta know everything about it...Intelligence + Knowledge will take u places!
excellent comparison RT : Josh Hamilton is this generations Mickey Mantle
Al Davis died 82 years old
Great to e-meet you & thanks for the welcome!
.... how about a cash deal for a real JJ fan :D
It's time.... I know it. Time to kiss the world all over again ! ;)
i got your cider
Being near the ocean reminds me that we are on a planet. Rock me.
Incase you're wondering we did want you there and we weren't going to ditch you!
And just like that Matt Ryan 31 yard touchdown to Jasquizz Rodgers! #Falcons trail Cam Newton and the Panthers 17-23
good gen. eval tonight. We always need somebody tracking the time:)
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 42
Make it or Break it <3
were in the same boat but we gonna work on it
Wishing a happy 1st day on set. Break a leg, good lookin'! cc:
So...I wonder who is in the pick up basketball game with PORTUS this weekend at Camp David?
If you're more worried about what you're wearing to a music festival than who you're seeing, you're doing it wrong.
Supper AND Playhouse tnt. Arab/Belgium double dare me??
Just set my phone in my bowl of oatmeal, debated whether or not to lick the phone. I'm not sharing what the outcome was.
3 Steps to Succeed
Quick poll: have you/will ever read a book on your computer/laptop?
hahaha is it the only one that works??
18 days left of school.
HOLY F*CK......I'm about to die. 09.8 seconds left. GAME TIED. OMG
you make it rain!!!
ha poor niall..(: but yeah and are super close!!
. If we're talking bout edgy (sometimes controversial). Tara King. Andrew Smith. Adam Rapp. A.S. King.
I signed up for Twitter to get away from corporate America....aka the bosses on Facebook
this nigga gone say "im cool as the fuck" im like what fuck? -_-
You like to hip roll and dougie and all that other shit
All of it! But we're in Manhattan. But hey, we can wherever… ;-)
you still gotta get with ya Purple Patna big homie
Trivia : Zebediah Springfield looks exactly the same as Wild Bill Hikock.
i only got 4 minutes 2 say wat i gotta say
feels so good to be home
"If only" is all we can say now that someone won the Mega Millions..... next time!
Oh man. Sorry I kaboosed that pic so bad.
Just announced: Teresa A. Sullivan is the new President of UVA -- first female president we've had.
Wis. Democratic state Sen. Tim Cullen: "I came to Madison as a centrist and I discovered there was no center."
Our state isn't functioning because our governor is a tool.
Good luck on your first day !
I am trying to make songs but I can't!I am trying to write one but its to difficult.
Do not tell people your problems: 20% don't care, 80% are happy you have them.
Shopping & Lunch with
Why is it that I always look good the days I don't go to school.
Thanks i played it
you look like a puppy in yo pictcha 🐶🐶
thanks for the shoutout!
Can we all just throw in and buy a place at the beach? Please?
I'm too uptight
Bought my warped tour tickets! Woo!
the hotness part was totally geared towards you! And glad you still got it :)
i've been waiting to get this started.
Lol the new clip
Brodus Clay's momma = more air time than Bryan/Shaemus
Never a failure, always a lesson.
It'll be good to have you back, bud!
Well where have you been!?
thanks! i didnt do the makeup, i had a friend do it. I also took off her eyebrows, its all the rage. Care to join vero hehe j/k
hopefully he turns it around and soon. I think people have been very patient with him.
it's in #Montreal .... Make it happen! Ps I love snoopy.
You know rocks out with her socks out, she Skipped her birthday party last year to play Halo Reach with us!
Well looks like I'm up
I appreciate the return follow! To good health! :-)
Yeah I tried, but since I'm missing the mount, it was kind of hard!
Its fun being in the same decade with you! ~the Garage to the Lounge
We can't wait for Best Restaurants Party tonight!!
thanks i just need20 more then i get to 100 then 200 and so on so please follow me kk love ya all bye
cool!! thanks so much! i have sony vegas but im still trying to figure out how to use it >.< lol
“: BREAKING: Fox News Wins Pulitzer for Fiction”
oh i didnt know that, thanks. Ill be sure to watch it. (:
what y?
Jammin out to "walk away". That song can NOt get old!!
True, if they are cheaters themselves. Like you said earlier, more non-cheating women give another chance.
no way! weak.
I've been getting quite a few 502 errors there too. I use Chrome, but when I tried it in Firefox it was all good.
Y'all shudd tweet me(:
This is such a great question. Maybe we start with "citizen creativity"?
Had a great 7 mile run...anyone else running Chicago marathon?
pony keg? nifty
happy to see that u got out of wwe. Any chance you'll get into acting?
Better cross-check their MySpace account RT : I just replied to someone who has an AOL e-mail address. I hope it's a real person.
But there's a NGO called MAG that clears the ordinances. We visited their museum in Vientiane.
Romney now claims he was in gay marriage while CEO of Bain
thanks for the follow :) and rad bio, waynes world!
What you BECOME is determined by what you OVERCOME ~ Bishop Dale C. Bronner
Hey girl!
The other member said the member who was in jail was all about having sex w/ dudes while he was in jail lol.
Love my outfit today for some reason.
It isn't that simple Jose.
When you're too grown you gotta give up the little boy mentality.
I don't know about you, but after waiting for an hour on the highway, unable to move, I kind of want to see some damage.
"...and as always in parting, we wish you love, peace...and soul"
RT : Love that sequencing will no longer be a constraint to setting up experiences
RT : St. Patrick drove all the snakes out of Ireland. If he’d been in Hollywood, there’d be no agents left. ---- Priceless!
Haha nicee (x ": just kidding I learn that in 21 jump street :)"
how do you sit on that stuff? RT : ... I loved Tiny Furniture.
Riding with my uncle bring back so many memories back in the Mississippi days
Congrats to ! I told you that you did great!
THE FELLAS OUT GETTIN IT AS USUAL
Nite Nite Love U Hooligans and too! ♥
Just ordered shirt, sweats and hat
hey Nia keeps asking for you.
i do to ugh
John, thanks for the RT! Cheers.
A company’s brand raises a consumers interest, achieve loyalty and remain competitive by focus on brand enhancement through the web 2.0.
“: #grannyquotes "WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE, WITH YOUR SUNGLASSES AND PIMP CANE?!" "Grandma please, he's blind..."”
sweet! When and where? I was all-sec in that game in 2002
Hey did you know it's our 95th Anniversary this year? Know of any other Des Moines businesses that have been around since 1917?
looks cool.
idk either! I think I am
so either go to a wegmans in 315 or tell them you're from there.
Thank you!!! Most of our pieces are one of a kind. We are happy to keep an eye out for you. About what size?
And on cue.... RT Under four minutes to play, now is the time for terrible NCAA officiating to rise to the occasion.
I'm going to have to try watching Melancholia again when I need to cure a bout of insomnia.
RT : Wicked and delightful presentation by Gregory Maguire. Wicked years cool! Reading is one of the places we go to find...
Just ate three ham sandwiches
Go to www.watchnhllive.com for all the NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games
Thanks Al Lesar & for great article about and her fight against #Alzheimer's. Hope to see u at Linebacker tonight!
Me and and the rest of our school get out an hour early because of a bomb threat
Was a busy day unpacking at the house in Stryker.
I remembered the dogs were due at when I was already almost all the way to the office.
weird my phone must be broken I didn't get any pics
I keep forgetting that is right down the road from us, dangit now I'm craving fractured prune...
People don't plan to fail... They fail to plan...
Just saw a live Comedy Sports performance...I kinda thought I might have grown out of it, but improvisational comedy is funny at any age.
Project Tomorrow is being honored by Microsoft at their South Coast Plaza store opening
Best dinner ever :)
Chris Webber commentating 👎👎👎👎..... He dam near worse than Reggie miller
One min they love u the next they hate you and the crazy part is they put it on twitter and facebook lol
My essay talks about the obstacles to motherhood Madonna & I faced. Discusses how IVF made me question wanting children.
Jelly beans with balls on them.
Smoke Ya Later
what is this i don't even
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything. – W. Clement Stone
#RT Drivn Apparel's "Damn Near Free Contest", begins again 1/25/2010. Answer ?'s & Win $$$.
Please send me the info. Not sure yet how June will shape up. How are YOU?
I Can't Wait To Find Out!!(:
RDVOers you may want to follow:
good luck to ya!
My mom's cousin Susie died today. God rest her soul.
I'm learning to like rain just alittle :-)
Thank you to everyone that stopped by and saw us at the Home &Garden Show we had a great time. Hope you got some great ideas!
"Don't Judge" By NASTIEST SONG ON THA MIXTAPE O_O
you can count on me like 1,2,3 I'll be there! #oursong :D
this is true!
RT : We up pack nation...
Answering own question: A compelling interest (that negates privacy rights of any individual) permits suspicionless searches.
Don't go!
please follow me back? I saw yuhr rapping in sabrinas video it was amazing! Big Fan!<3
Stay tuned. What goes up must come down. The reformers are coming...
i swear dirk might have a slight edge over kobe on the fader shot.
I thought it was "spread dem cheeks" .. "bring dat a$$"
Vogelsong agrees, walks him on a 3-2 pitch; the problem there is now Ryan's gotta deal with Troy Tulowitzki
I am - I have an extra ticket if you want it! My boss was supposed to join but had something come up.
doan isn't gonna get suspended
So excited to work w at ! Comedy relief in all tough sitches, covered!
WE IS
Stuffed Grape leaves so far are the only asset to
lol not the rev..!!!
complete lineup in 54 minutes, y'all!
You are only worth what you think you are worth.
yes! That's why we're here. We lost power too.
Missin CA already. Must go back soon... In other news, the Dippin Dots knockoff at Galleria & Cinnabon did somethin for my tastebuds.Bomb.
the yankees are a metaphor for moment by moment excess.
Niggas more concerned with the HEAT losing then getting their own W's! GTF off our d*** and worry bout your sh**!
Why won't you find something to do so you won't be bored ? (:
: I wish you could come tonight!
awww thank u so much :))) so many people have told me that !!!
from a Mac formatted external to a PC formatted external. The ONLY way I know I can do it now is via flash memory.
The purple and orange sharpies I found in my desk just made my day! Yay for color!
that's valadictorian material right there 😏
Happy Milwaukee Day!! Celebrate the 414 today with us....special 45 minute facial for $55.00 today only!!
omg you should make one c:
Want to get some new apps, that r free. What's the hot new apps out there?
We will be serving our Friends at Cornerstone at Polk Place in Greenwood today 11am -12:30pm...drop by and get a fabulous hot dog...
don't love me... she judges me harshly.
would be nice but we signed Bennett and can get a TE later
Yeah, but we'll still be smiling as their batteries drain away... :)
I love working with cool people. just brought me some sweet old local albums. I'm ripping them immediately
Everything should be as simple as it can be, but not simpler. -Albert Einstein
asks the question of how digital humanities can be most inclusive and involve newbies
Another day of cassette copying. Will be craving Mexican food shortly due to the days topic.
This is how I pictured my adult hip-hop experience. Chillin' on Sunday with my daughter enjoying music together. Thanks,
From the Quirky Stats Department: Stricker cut streak ends at 49 today. Axford enters game for #Brewers with 49 straight saves...
Everyone going 2 hurt you so choose who you will suffer for.Bob Marley / loren Terra
I'm originally from San Diego, so sad to hear this. :(
Who wins in a shooting contest right now? You or He has been talking about crushing people.
no worries! we're just collecting stories right now for when they're ready to do something :)
I just made love to a bumpalicious cupcake.
grading 30 papers by 8am. ready, go!
R u gonna kick tomorrow?
wrestling gyms, bad colds, and more at www.susanefine.com
gotta say I can't wait for IIHF worlds to start w rosters full of NHL stars these games might be more intersting than NHL games this yr
Navigating the nightmare of new licenses and car registrations in CA. E!!
is coming by today to take some photos. going to be a lot of fun.
I better not be sick for Chicago. 😷 8DAYS!! holler.
WE ONLY HAVE IT ICED!
let's talk RT : are you capable of providing us with clients. Commission negotiable!?
Thank you so much for your support.
Some of us were freshmen in college in '94.
Porcelain tiles come in plain, rough and polished finish and are highly stain resistant and strong.
I could use some sort of getaway
Shxt always happen b4 my bday ugh.
I'm slightly obsessed with Barry's Bootcamp
so much needed.
<--- change your username. Its a lie. You are not perfect. YOU ARE FAR FROM PERFECT.
So sorry to anyone who got that awful spam from me. I got hacked. :P
ROUGH few years (medically & financially)... Hard to keep my chin up... I'll accept donations (including large ones). Ha... :(
"The Brunchary" with Rebekah - Monday morning at its best!
No no no no technically the ceiling because where in your room Duhh ^.<
Hilarious? We don't know the meaning of that word. Is that Latin? RT : #FF : because the tweets are hilarious.
Listening to speak about social media ROI
Thank you!! Although I'm considering changing it to #CiteYoSources because it's less characters.
“ “ Laughter & Love are pricelss gifts, So live with passion - laugh & love as much as you breathe!””
$Z Had +/- 32M uniques in March, 13M working w/ agents? Doubtful. 19M Looking at Zestimates, crying due 2 underwater
Email it to us so it will be easy to find later when we look through all entrys! :) good luck! :)
I like using at this level. If I was looking to better engage a larger # of followers, I'd look into
im sure Glengarry Glenross and Fight Club must have some. Sorry I can't be specific! Good luck
hey there - i won't be at the mtg but at our dc office if you're planning a visit.
Can't believe Wade missed a fucking lay up.
kidding. He is saying he is in the air force
walking dead!!!!!
WHAT THE FUCK ?!
maybe if you'd just follow mee.....
Hi Steve! It's Kimberly King from CBS 8/KFMB-TV. We'd love 2 play ur music on our AM Show for bump ins. Need ur OK!
RT : Should not have attempted to drown my anxieties in pizza // fat chance that'd work... never does for me
My life?
that's about right. He may have also stopped by his ex-wife's house just to whip out his balls.
how are you in this cold night.
Check us out for our octoberfest discounts. www.musicalstop.com
im in love with your twitter background
A women with no expression is a women that can't love!
Oh yeah! Triple H will shows those bowzo's whats up!
i love you
oh we have only gotten like 2
no wats wrong
I wouldn't leave him near meat department....... RT ": Would it be weird to take the #Chorizo into Metro Market with me?"
Wonderful birthday weekend! Hate to be back at work today :-(
I hate when old people message me on Facebook , like GTFO .
Thanks! RT : southern comfort burger (pimento cheese, frd grn tomato) awesome! Great burgers!
lol I'm cool with that
I was ready in February!! LOL
school picture = Fail
Breast feeding in public--yes it's natural, but so is pooping.
no tv or internet at my house
Can u buy ur ticket at the door
Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. Reports Preliminary First Quarter Earnings of $0.54 Per Diluted Common Share
Margaritas anyone? :)
Can't wait till I'm back in la for good! :-)
if you are ever in Phoenix look us up, Rollin Knights MC always drama free.
good games, you wont be so lucky if we play again
Taking b-roll in Times Square today.
I've got the "turning beer into pee" routine perfected. Now if I can figure out how to reverse the process then I'll be rich!
I got 4g at Costco
AND comes in early ;)
Are people recieving Tweets I'm trying to send on here tonight?
Thank you Rachel. John is right, you do speak with the twitter world. Take care and, as always, I'll listen to you tomorrow.
probably a good thing you're watching that and not your team right now. The Hoosiers are dominating at the half.
they're fantastic.
Don't miss out! Up to $100 off camp tuition until April 15th! Use promo code:GAMETIME12 Your competition is training are you keeping up?
For sure!
I get so jealous over guys on my girl
So glad my children are big! Oh I cnt do babies!
#deepthoughts RT : There's no need to sharpen my pencils anymore; my pencils are sharp enough. Even dull ones will make a mark
Big thanks to everybody who made this week so awesome! Drive safe going back home! Look forward to the Fall rally! SMILE BIG!
shiiid.. Mane ima keep playin wit yal fa a lil while but not fa too long especially if he askin fa money like now
Find God's Grace In Every Mistake . And Always Give More Than You Take <#
only the learning commons is open after 11pm.... I'm trapped lol but thanks for the suggestion
“When I was a kid I inhaled frequently. That was the point.” Barack Obama
can i get a ryan julius update at venetian FT? anyone??!?!
Not only did the Giants win but I got to spend it with :)
Hey did u get our answer about the IPAD 3 Competition video post location?
Are you passionate about technology, business, and design? Do you get excited when you see how Apple has converged the three? Yes? Ping me!
Working on Chapter 15 of the prequel to my Tartarus Trilogy and editing Chapter 5 of my space opera.
I don't give a fuck if it's your birthday.
always man, sounding good!
I wanna go skydiving one day.
Very upset about this. Don't know what I'll do without Ruben Toro on Sat. nights.
yeen makin NO noise!!
Yes!! Fast recovery sweetheart RT "Can't wait to get off crutches. I need to get back on the ice. are both join!"
Big Saturday Night plans? Start your night off at Grazie! 305.673.1312 for reservations.
good bye
You can create a lively terrace where you could enjoy having a useful terrace garden with different plants
Your movies make life better! Best wishes to you for 2012!
WHAT why? :O What do you want me to do to the teacher ?
I dunno. I kinda want to forget these last couple of weeks lol
it dont love you
A lie has speed but the truth has endurance.
i used to like the jazz lmao. Until they got trashed
hell yeeeee bo c:
the really great make you believe that you too can become great.-- Mark Twain
Celebrating Texas getting wasted and St. Patty's, <3 Ally
anxiously awaiting the new AP Poll to come through..... where will #mubb be this week?!
SO excited to start reading Pandemonium by Lauren Oliver. Happy #LeapDay to me.
"That's what." - She
THUR 9/17 Dinner Soup Special:Black Bean Soup with Lime Sour Cream & Shaved Chives
I just clicked on s link n got "oh no-u broke the internet ...page not found " LOL wtf that's a new one...
lmao I'm dunn fuccn wit u. I had to do it tho
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO EVERY1 N MY FAM!!!!
My new storage unit cleaned and put together. It is awesome, now to clear art table and fill! Also, rubber stamp club meeting tonight! fun
I walk into the room... dripping in gold.
who do you love? what are you doing about it?
Pitchfork Music Fest in July and Deadmau5 in October. . . this year looks amazing to me!
Nice trick with the fewer emails option.
I definitely eat - just be patient :) It made my week once when I found half a Lansky's knish abandoned!
Whenever I see a girl posting about how ugly she thinks she is, I always feel like she's doing it for attention.
In a room full of 500 people at #adec12 I have happened to be sit right behind who is also tweeting. Hi Lizzy!
I'm very hungry
Crazy bitch on steve wilkos show -.-
no thanks.
I play better golf than picking holders!
monopolies are not having other options. Google is just the best option, for everything.
thanks for helping me put on such a great event! #Cuban #Barrio food was out of this world!!
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
What is the most breathless thing on television ? The Pink Panter Show !
Awesome base-running, Zim. This guy knows how to make a game exciting.
Thanks for the follow, Michael Love the tree lights in your pic.
wtf what is this.
On set working w/crunch Fitness...Training this clown
Why yes...yes you could.
Thanks for RT ... it's National Volunteer Week, April 15 - 20, time to thank and celebrate your volunteers.
I'll invite your boy elijah (;
Anyone else in #centralpark???
Just read that pizza hut has hot dog stuffed crust. That sounds disgusting
twitter...the only time when following someone is appropriate...unless you're like special ops or something..I'm staying out of that one...
About to watch my Metallica DVD with angel !! :)
commercial for the Bachelor & this is how my fam reacts: "They should all be shot." "I'm gonna start a petition to get it off TV!"
doesn't surprise me. Haha but the fact that most of those fags even have the money to buy it shocks me. Swag doesn't pay bills.
sry dude! I think it's always on! And I should def strap a 9 under my Board.... Good call. Ha
Lucky.. mom can't seem to manage me a bag of Hot Cheetos.
is too bomb A'f<3
Life is an incurable disease. ABRAHAM COWLEY, To Dr. Scarborough
I seriously need my own fucking car.
thx so much bro!!!
Can I send you a grocery list? We need food and I'm too busy to go. ;)
Im hopeful with the optimism coming from #Braun but really interested to hear an explanation about the synthetic testosterone.
#HYFR is a stupid term
allie.daisy.lee
Morning Alex!
Looking to meet people in music & art therapy for a writing project. If you know some one please message me....thanks
VISIT OUR WEBSITE FOR NEW CONTEST! #❒Single ❒Taken
I haven't read that one but its been on my radar since the Orange Prize. Thanks for the rec!
Don't waste your time if you just tryna make me jealous... Cause truth is I really don't care about you anymore :)
#salute I can hear you now
#freeseanpayton ??? You're rich and off work for a year. sounds free to me...
#Seahawks talk with tonight, plus get the #Bengals take on the Jennings trade with 930p 11p on KONG 6/16
If everyone was dead on the inside imagine how alive everyone would be!
MT : Congrats to local #ROC cupcake shop , soon to be contestant on #CupcakeWars on Feb 19th!
thanks for the follow. We're lining up some great content to share once we get our sea legs.
at least Anthony knows how to spell. Love dudes who rip this guy and look like idiots at the same time. Wait....
#imagine Austin:so tonight i'll sleep with my headphones on listenin to that song that reminds me of you:) *kisses you* -anna
You can't look up the correct spelling of a word in the dictionary because you don't know how to spell it.
tee hee! ✪ i like liking things and peeps
no worries, still a sad story.
man, this brother can preach.....
Uhh, sure. Why not?
Nice chilly September day, perfect for some amazing Italian food!
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if we had no bills lol
not all guys r gross.
When #oomf be singing to me >>>>>
I love Tangled.
A low of 32 tomorrow? Wow.
John been on Blake all night!
I must be cynical to see these as virtually the same things ;), but I get ur point. Better 2 have visitor investment
your at the bottom lounge too?
“: don't murder people...it's just way too hard to cover up ...waaayyyy...”
thanks. that is a useful fact!
I Believe I Can Fly reminds me of ice age hhahaha
where you moving? you can dm me if you want to remain incog...! lol
Sweet Jesus! I'm on pins and Sharon Needles!
Very much want to read but link is to Quora that requires I create an account? is that right? Thanks for your leads and ideas.
RT : Nothing is more important than reconnecting with your bliss. Deepak Chopra
sorry and I'm hot too I'm turned on my ac :)
Hi ariana <333 :D i adore and love you!! i hope you see me, make me happyy by tweeting me back(: ?
I like the Brewers so :)
I hate when u explain how to do something basically hold their hand thru it and they still mess it up!!
RADIO MEMPHIS has LAUNCHED! We packed the house at Neil's Music Room on Madison last nite!!! The revolution has begun! www.radio-memphis.com
I mish fish
I'm sorry.
With , Watching a guy in Army BDUs, on a bike, carrying coffee, with a broken foot in a medical boot. Seems like a poor decision.
I want one of those silent nights in my house in the Hollywood Hills
Saying something is #thegreateststoryevertold is a bold ass statement. I also think it merits personal opinion.
is failing doing our work for us.
hey please follow back! cute icon:)
just buy a suit for $100 and don't do a vest.
I'm so proud to be an A's fan right now! “: (And yes, we know Team Jacob is trending right now, but that’s not an option)”
#Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers!!! Can you tell I am excited?
is in search for a FUNK BAND for a party for 2000 folks. If you know someone, please reach out to us at
Just now realizing that both my agent and manager called and left voicemails today. Damn NYC subways always mess up my phone.
Hm, maybe the Matt Joyce for Edwin Jackson swap in 2009 wasn't such a blowout in the Tigers' favor ... damn!
you're twitter creeping me.. I feel like Hauptmans always here with you..
#uplate tryin to get over this.........whatever this is
Pretty excited about the amount of walking I did this weekend. Also for this cherry amaretto coconut ice cream i'm about to house.
haha.. Me either ! I have to see an eye specialist now !! They said I might have to have surgery !! D:
I want some oodles of noodles
Listen girl, come n get this dick
That it is! Thanks! RT : actually it's partially a quote of Ecc 9:11
Airing unchecked sources is the Pgh local news equivalent of leaving the toilet seat up.
A Time to Kill..... Break time.
at Steve's lol
Watching Breakout Kings with Viggle Sun | 21 | A&E Get real rewards just for watching TV.
everything Is going well but as far as weight gain I really don't know anything except just eat
If you're #latino don't wait 'till Sunday to congrat your mom, give her a huge hug & kiss and tell her #felizDiadelasMadres 'ama
#FF if you need to learn a thing or two about social media!
I forgot, smh
You have no lawyer. A bail bondman and a public defender don't count.
Thanks dude---I just saw your note about Heimlich maneuver kid. I'm a little slow on the Twitters sometimes.
thanks for offering to help last night at hosted by See ya soon.
Thank you for following me :)
yeah but... beaded?
Chilling at the crib going to rent a movie and have a cocktail
Botanarita, I like it! We are working on new drink actually-beer margarita! I will see tonight if #Botanarita works for that!
TGIF! We are dreaming of Kremey flavors today. Come get a Lotta Latte, Mocha Dream or Berries & Kreme & get that weekend started off right!
Also happy waffle day
is enjoying the Emerging Media Workshop in Hollywood!
cause you know, as long as you get what you want you don't care about anyone else, right? mhm.
I dont give a Fuck ok, im a bitch and im proud ok, you are a fucking fake you Man-Whore!
#40thingsaboutme #1 i pretend i have a pet unicorn
Dont check the game for 4 minutes and Pacers give up a 15 pt lead smh
To change your fate, you must first change yourself, as it is you that creates your fate
Us too!!! RT : Looking forward to tomorrow's event at Ankeny High School.
u left a footprint on my timeline, thanks for welcoming your newest member
Tyring to figure out what to do tonight...Chubby's maybe
I believe it's the end of the story that counts
When people don't use "than" & "then" properly... #GoBackToGradeSchool lol
Soul men funny af
ok, sounds great.. Title it "the ok ones"
Uhh family rite here... that loves me.
keep running into a MSFT popup that is literally impossible to close. Come on - really Microsoft?
have u played the game 'assassins' same thing with a spoon. u have a target u try and 'kill' by touching them with ur spoon.
I told you has mono!!
is walking to the Equality Maryland office
Fallston vs Emmorton it's going down
tell me more!
swag swag swag on you!
Hello Itamar ! ~~~~rich
If I am in the USA, I will definitely visit the #JerseyShore ;)
That leg of yours better be pretty long… Remember, I didn't say anything. Thought it, that's for sure, though ;)
oh just some guy. :)
How does food get cold, if drinks get hot?
Yes. We lift heavy things, kill enemies and inspire tweets questioning our need to exist.
Haha! That's the best excuse I've ever heard. I can't top it.
let's do it haha
hey! how are you?!
If you forgot how to run, just jog your memory!
#earthquake Just stood in the doorway watching my whole house shake.
Mcdonalds need to come out with a double big mac to boost sales..call it the D-Mac
Jets sign Peyton can they still resign bart or is there no way?
Very impressive. You should write and 'from the heart' more often.
My dream holiday, free Yogurtland this Monday. I'm thinking of skipping work to honor the froyo.
HONEY SEARCH at the Hustler Club!Come on down and see local sexy amateurs take it off right here on our stage!Get $1 Miller Light all night!
Absolutely “: Another epic video intro for #FOWD from the HUGELY talented ”
True. Always thought they should give vouchers to people who leave if the delay is over 3 hours.
ok I will follow
I'm looking forward to your video Friday :-)
Check out good tunes
send me a pic!
Good morning:))
Thanks for LIKING us, NoMore!
when do you come in
Good morning tweeps. I had to get up way too early this morning. And I'm still waiting for the coffee to finish brewing.
you didn't check in on 4sq
-- Because if you arent there to protect the ones you can save, who will be?
FLAWLESS QUEEN OF POP XFACTOR JUDGE IS FLAWLESS QUEEN OF POP <3
It always startles me when I see you use the word "library." I forget you work at one.
RT : i am LOVING your instagram updates from germany & prague!
Politics used to be about "trying to do something" now its about "trying to be someone" - Margaret Thatcher”
I like to mix up my day with Client work and Global Elements work. You have to work in the business and make time to work on the business.
still think you did better than if you were still baggin Groceries at The HyVee like the rest of us. Praise The Lord!
Makes headaches go away: Aspirin introduced this date back in 1893. This could make ya hurt if you're the star: Candid Camera born 8/10/48
If you are in DC this week, check out the #9/11 Reflection display @ #NMAH: uncased artifacts from NY, VA, PA, and the TSA.
Link to research or source? >> Almost 50% of defects in software projects can be traced to errors in requirements.
Watching an Elvis Impersonator at a bowling alley.
Last day of the month! Can't wait for Christmas, Chuck Chucks birthday, and New Years!
RT : RT I live by the same routine day after day. Nothing ever changes.
In so much pain:(. With so much to do:(
already missing my clients--- hoping to reconnect soon!!
hells yeah. My friend is selling her tix to Bonnarroo. Someone needs to employ me!
I love you so much :)
Yeah I've had sum nigga dat was just smash u have to seperate da 2 frm good men and smash.
All this constant checking of who's following and who's unfollowing.There's nothing better to do? You guys know there's PORN right?!
we just posted some smoking hot pictures of Stacey Dixon from the Nashville Full Moon tattoo & horror Festival on our facebook page.
go to youtube and type in kony 2012 and thers a video thts kinda long but really touching and sad. Go watch it:)
Seen world leaders, celebs in yrs yet only this wk finally impressed by spotting Terminator
Has anyone else noticed that 7 of 8 #CWS teams are from the South? #Gamecocks face the Aggies first! Go Cocks!
The This Is It cantina has been open for almost 2 hours. Geraldo has the snow cone machine ready and waiting. But where are you???
I hope you can make it out to the #HealthyATX happy hour this Wednesday
type, type
These First Take commercials are great for reminding me why I don't watch First Take
Your Not a princess Your a Pretty Princess
Best of luck to all the participants in tomorrow!!
that's exactly what I'm hoping for. :)
I would rather spend one lifetime with you - than face all the ages of this world alone.
with shanty from school ???
Using airlines' in flight wifi. Very compelling though latency is high and speed ain't great.
Paul McCartney goes better with Wings.
I actually might turn this server into a dedicated gaming server. It has lots of power and I don't need that much for files
I've been feeling weird this past week. I feel so tired everyday. );
I know right, but being on this patio is better than delivery!
": I wear a robe now. Just though you guys should know about this development in my life." All day? Bc that would be sweet
I think status quo in Severna Park is at least wary stares toward literally everything so, yeah.
Do you think the students really care about class basketball? I think the adults care more.
If at first u don't tweet....tweet, tweet, tweet again! Love ur talent!!!!
Short out to thanks for the follow :-)
Can finally wear contacts again! I will never again take healthy eyes for granted.
We all have a rich and vibrant familial history that needs to told through our children, grandchildren, friends and family.
doesn't matter if his career ends that way,he's the greatest relief pitcher ever & he has all those rings to prove it
Not at all, I just never go to this class... Ever.
thanks for the follow! I have a predilection for seafoam green myself as well
Sounds like I should!
I knew you were gonna tweet that tonight
Thanks for the retweet, it's great that more people will hear about Thomas Prescher and his timepieces.
We all need money, but there are degrees of desperation. -Anthony Burgess
Like, 5 days maybe... RT : I ordered a Barves tank today. How many weeks for delivery?
You Are an amazing artist.!!!! I love your voice, i hope Lady gaga hears it.!!!! Je t'aime.!!
In a digital media mtg learning to be a better tweeter. Very interesting!
Is Excited To Speak With Jeffrey Gitomer In Raleigh NC Today And Tomorrow! Thanks Again For Joining Us J. Amezqua
Welcome new followers and
My 3000th tweet goes to my Miami Heat #LetsGoHeat #LetsGoHeat #HeatNation let's win this game
No tweets north of the Yukon flew bck to Fairbanks in the midnite glow. Jst landed
too much art is stuck in the world of entertainment.. or singular minded concept...
I have just been invited to be one of the regular bloggers at Southern Poverty Law Center's Teaching Tolerance blog.
Parking gods frowning down on me, keeping me from lunch at On to Mirakutei.
so like the sign you held that said you are tubular is getting quite the notes on tumblr hollaaa
": just got done tlaking to my OG about this Iowa move she proud of me for finally tryin to do something in my life"me too son
McNally's on Saturday night! “: Less than 60 hours till the #SportingKC season starts ....”
a medical tax? You mean Medicare? I hope when u r of age u don't take advantage of neither Medicare nor social security. Yeehaw!
Seriously guys! Skinny jeans DO NOT look good on men!!!! Stop wearing them. You look foolish. Honestly...foolish. Stop riding trends.
I'm so bored. I'm going for a long walk.
Wow, that place really is Mayberry.
Choose your friends carefully. Your enemies will choose you.
ive treid talking to you but your like whatever, were just like strangers and thats sad but thats not my fault
Love it when a buddy at work wins $5,000 playing online poker
love you Jacob! Have a good night (:
He had the Shit on lock but now I'm the key holder
Just remember, today is almost over
I swear I was thinking about that yesterday!
#kids Plaza El Segundo Introduces New Programs: Plaza El Segundo Introduces New Programs Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 9:00 AM Plaza El...
Why is it that some of your photos here load pretty quickly while others give me a five stroke head start?
Beer For My Horses by Toby Keith will forever be my favorite song.
Good morning, back to work
no it's in the top section of the arena :/
you're strange but I love it!
Welcome & Thanks for following.
I've decided to invest into an I P A D in the next few weeks. Feels like I'm in the stone age compared to some SLP's on twitter.
oh, yes! Thanks for sharing!
I think I will set up the game on TV and stream the NCAA games.
hey c:
Lmfao, i'm so funny <3
i have an idea for ur story. Do u want me to dm it to u
oh see that's not as bad. If you were talking all teams, i'd have to feel bad for you.
Daddy's home 😉 bye twitter
I'm moving in with my brother, next to anita
Thank you for spreading the word and showing us love, Rochelle! From our hearts to yours, endless positive vibes.
Why does Jennifer Hudson have to sing in all her weight watchers commercials?
her sayings are so lame
hey follow back please (: ps I'm gonna go buy it 💙
don't like u anymore
So yeah, I fell flat on my face at this outdoor farm market & I bled like a bitch. What a day. Tonight calls for a stiff one or ten.
I love this time of year.
Freedom has a different meaning to everybody
wow! Its really like that?
damnit Mikey lol well I gotta get Burke soon would ya still wanna go?
They're doing a Michael Jackson Tribute ♬Man In The Mirror♬ now doing ♬Of the Wall♬!!! "Paint The Town Red"
I have no idea.
One big table, fulla ugly bitches
downside to having separated out tech & non tech: when the streams cross. Thank you for making today's #dubstep joke
Go! Stage &amp; Screen calendar: April 27-May 3 - Times Herald-Record
They always make a big deal about politicos not knowing the price of a gallon of milk or loaf of bread. Honestly? I have no clue.
Money can't buy my love
Dear john <3
just that alone is deep. I feel that!
partner of the year award goes to...loudoun county Parks & Rec dept.
What happened to 50 cent? The last time I heard from him he was going hard at Rick Ross. Rick Ross going strong. 50 cent a after thought.
Happy Birthday ! Have a awesome time !
Oh hey! Thanks for following me!(: <33
#healthtip: Do NOT exercise when u are sick especially w/ fever. When sick your body needs 2 spend all of its energy healing itself
Stayed up all night writing, met deadline, ate chili relleno on a grilled cheese sandwich (WHAT!?) and went to bed. Good morning!
oh gosh stop lol
If you're still ailing by Thursday, I know just the place.
walking over to hutch.
Well duh we get a better view! Haha miss you fluff
i got the new Swagbar and i love the radio feature!
A million words won't bring you back, I know because I've tried, neither will a million tears, I know because I've cried
Anne says to prepare for 90-95% of project time for assembling and working up the data!
Is the Olive Garden ever NOT crowded?!&@&":!
Of course his highness will not answer any questions from the peasants..
you know it exactly ^_^ costs 5.99$ cheap lol well its an EP of course
ahh. I see
Ima watch Megan Good's Marathon Today .
Everyone follow They are so close to 200!
Really useful info regarding self-published book reviews. Thanks!
We loved the MMAC's All Member Meeting on the field at Miller Park. What MKE locale would you most want get you access to?
Rain, rain go away! What are you doing today?
I love/hate work lol
=) RT : lobster mac n cheese is a gift of God.
nice to meet you.
Another successful sprint retrospected... // yeah yeah, i verbed a noun.
#LetsDoThis Ready to follow ? Then follow us and watch us explode!
I dont like when a Dude says "Hey Can We Talk?" Thats Female lingo...u pose to say "ay I need to holla at u bout Somethin fam"
mines probably the worst i be ready to fight lol
Seriously? That would be great! Can I crash at your place too?
What happens when "doing you" doesn't work anymore? Switch it up - "You" are actually not enough. "You" need Him.
Now this IS Cliff Lee!!!!
What part of the car did she play? RT : she was in "Dude, WHere's My Car?"
I find a strange and deeply disturbing pleasure in hi-lighting things.
I LOVE MONEY ...
Im all about justice. But wat about the Iraqi mother who was beaten to death inside her own home with a note that says go back to ur country
When people drink, how can they forget what happens?
yeah I want to! Its with my music tech class though so you guys would have to like meet up with me hahaha.
thank you for the follow!
Windows 7 rocks, better than Vista for sure. There maybe a few incompatibilities - issues with Office 07. Otherwise incredible!
have you found the video yet??? :D
Fuck it....I need something to put on my stomach...
lebron ain't go to college and he got the stevie wonder showin up real soon!
I don't think I'll ever understand NASCAR.
I just saw the most beautiful girl, but she was wearing those huge sunglasses so there is still a chance she's a 1200 pound rhinoceros.
Wow I just got this emailed to me: "Congratulations! You’ve been chosen to Test & Keep Hunting Products."
Thanks for being the forerunner on the #Trayvon story. Everyone is on the bandwagon now. You are good at what you do
That's really cute!
Nothing says "inefficient grocery transaction" more loudly than -- on either gender -- a gray ponytail.
Opening twitter seems much faster now. I was out of sync with it for like one month though.
You listen to me Canadian internet and you listen good... You do NOT want to want to keep pausing during Mad Men..
Good luck, Lori!! (This is Eira from SAA student chapter :)
“ “ Look out for #LastKings by x on June 1st””
followed! thank yxou so much for following! we appreciate it.
my aim email is the "NOT" one haha
Go ahead thank the followers!
well then it sounds like it is designed to be tighter either by and or a pair of channel locks. Can you wait til Monday?
thank you very much for the retweet! :)
's kick game is crazy
Everyone go see PROJECT X. you'll love the movie.
Congrats and welcome to the team - the new Tournament Manager for
thanks for the update, man
Thanks to all Kentuckians who came to Frankfort today to protest the Nazis at the capitol, we showed the fascists they aren't welcome here!
Next week Tuesday we are doing a 6 course dinner with a whole bunch of hecka awesome from scratch rustic Italian dishes sourced locally.
oh, you will be in my hood but I will not. I am in So. Mpls.
RT : Head's up, Ohio State - the E! News crew & I are in town! Meet us 12:30 in front of Ohio Union & I'll interview you!
Wait, what was that? For each field goal kicked, will enroll its announcers in basic geography courses?
haha i'M A DORK! answr was: Breakup with ur partner! I love when I put my foot in my mouth,which is a lot!
yeah now!(:
it was alright and yours
i love u so muchh < 3
According to 50 Shades of Grey a college student can do just fine without a computer or an email address.
The skies are extremely dark right now in DC. Shit's about to get real up in here.
K. and kids are about to put Christmas lights on the house...in the dark...should be interesting.
:) Yes, and thank you!! (It's at a crazy time of year so I'm not shy about announcing it so I get sufficient attention...)
Just introduced my mom to eyebrow threading! She loves it!
No. your pretty. your fine.
TryOuts will be opening its doors to all 21 & up Friday March 5th!!! one cover charge & BYOB all night long!!! Locate @ Babcock & Eckhert
Chuck Bass 😍
Who agrees with me here that we are not dealing with "children" in Congress, but the death throws of WALLWASHINGWORLD?
thank you! Hope you and can all meet up?
Are you buying a children's book for a special child or the child inside this Christmas?
thanks that's perfect!
have you tried #node?
Thursday night bluegrass I Featuring & friends I 9PM |
ugh. Just sitting in my basement watching her show.
play try outs tonight..
Obama stood up and supported same-sex marriage today. Suck it, Republicans.
My Mommy Just Bought Me A Sun Drop Shirt ((:
Hey, Josh. No worries. I ended up taking the train with Charlie. Hope everything's OK.
You're a bitch
Heading down to Bowery Poetry club - a pre-networking party for the Manhattan Monologue Slam. Come on by!
enjoying the last few hours of the weekend
Got my new car today!!
Jose Antonio Vargas, , is keynote speaker at #AllPeoples MLK breakfast. The pulitzer-prize winning journalist is undocumented.
So i was texting today while walking, and i am seriously clumsy like terrible, and i ran into this tall guy and well, that guy..
Car got stuck on mountain... Will have to go in2 work later. Nap now. Walk in dark and knee high snow by yourself is exhausting!
Having a Pre-Lock screening to see if we are really ready to lock. Getting closer. It will be fun so see this finished!
Our debut album MONUMENTS is now available in hard copy. Send us a message to get yours today!
do you know if Megan has a fan mail address?
my > hubby was broadcast manager 2yrs
he's too young to be married! 16, pish posh.
I'm so happy to welcome you to my HOOD BG like we call it Good luck spa
Thank *you* for your inspiration and support!
where's my yogurt? haha jp nice
To help improve diversity or to help identify more bloggers who are women?
ojjjj that sounded so shexy LMAOOO... mwa. nah need the gym, need to work on a few things. lol
RT I love Maria bamford! | So fun last nite, Trey. I will work on being more quiet!! 
OMG I can make her switch directions! Shocking. Once she switches, she stays switched without trying.
srsly you complete us
I pee glitter
Rick Santorum Proved that Authenticity Matters Santorum didn't mince words and because people believed him when he said something.
Tiara needs to go to sleep
Why can't I drive..
let me know how you do it!
It's official wheels up for Honolulu July 4th with the G5 and the crew!!!
Sometimes I feel so spoiled & lucky that I work from home.. Esp on these chilly mornings when I can just snuggle in bed w/ my computer
Ha no. But it makes sense - Ron Paul is a big supporter of metal-backed currency.
I played Malcom in 7th grade and killed it! :D
have seen Hampton Inns use that title before as well so who knows
looks like a great day, go get it!!!
With all my wonderful cousins, we got ice cream :D
okay, i'm done now, can you PLEASE RT and FOLLOW? we'll follow you back <3
Like us (facebook). Follow us (twitter). Help us rebuild Oliver (in real life).
ill hold u to it missy
's house and she has a yummy bowl of quinoa salad for me... But she also has jerseylicious on the tv. So she only 1/2 wins.
Niggaz say they want beef well where da fucks my 🍔 at??
We are DONE sold out of EVERYTHING... Nothing to see here
aye s/o to TJT
Its been a great day. I love working with fabulous people.
Kinda pumped on The schedule......can you say prime time!
Thank you again for all you do to promote our site!
Today, we introduce the kid to Zoolander! I love this movie
RT : A1 Display a culture of real people who work together. Don’t give the impression that it is another PR or Marketing ploy
Ha! : I just spent 20 minutes trying to explain "These Boots Are Made for Walking"...
The truth is...no matter how hard you push it at the gym, the smells coming from the pizza place across the street are still magical.
RT : Excited to watch on the #NFL Network's #draft coverage on TV as well as online.
Tired of going to the club and not enjoying yourself. Standing on the wall or sitting in your seats! Enjoy Club 101 on SPOT LIGHT THURSDAYS
Forecast for This Afternoon: Mostly sunny. Highs around 80. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph.
Temperatures stay un-winter like to start the workweek- I'll have your forecast on 10TV at 11:17pm!
One day, American schools will incorporate gardening, cooking & sewing again to make math, science, chemistry. . all subjects,real & useful.
happy valentines day hop u well have a great day love u ..!!
“: Apparantly voluntary and mandatory are synonyms....”
I feel your pain. I'm headed out for a full head of foils tomorrow myself.
Have you looked up tonite? Jupiter, Venus, the Moon, also Mercury, Mars, Saturn putting on a celestial show!
Brazilian Governments Go Global, a talk w/ Dr. Ironildes Bueno. Today in ICC 563
Final score: Authorities 200 Riveters 80
what's on your mind Jake?
Hahaha. Nope. Just left it on my tray in Kimmel! I wouldn't transfer again! I love NYU!!!
Omg just got off of work!! Oww what a day!!! Ah super excited about tonight!!!
Heading to A-frame for dinner :) Im not really dressed for a "picnic"..but I do like eating with my hands. Any menu recs??
if u feel that bad start dating the ugly girls...hahaha!
thanks for the mention.
its a hard reality our country refuses to listen to.
get better bro
Please!!!! RT : RT : If u want to retire as an #Eagles player please RT & show ya love!!!
👍 good goin now i gotta walk around with this!
How about listening to him while staring at the chiseled physique of his statue outside Miller Park?
Dude why have you not followed me yet?
Keep doing what you do!
#GreenChat Time Change!!!! It will be at 10pm EST. tonight. Make note of it, please RT!
please adopt me
haha wow i will pick Layla because Michelle is going to lose the match by the book :)
I think it's partly related to birth weight and prematurity, but also twins sometimes latch on to their own worlds.
good I expect greatness.
Any magazine types know where to get intact copies of Bruno's Review of Two Worlds for 1921? If so, please email or shoot me a private msg.
SHOOTING FINAL EPISODE OF DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES IN THE MORNING!! Very excited to be part a moment in TV History!
A hot day in
I'd appreciate a follow back.
Next up: office with a view? :)
YEAH!! Feeling good today. Summer is gonna be good. NEW. Changes. Good summer :)
It's gonna be a long weekend and Sutra Lounge is ready for Fusion Fridays with music by DJ Stix and Danger!
if like my last rweet i stole it from my good friend robby dewindt but he dont have a twittr i think its his culd b wrong
Heebs is right... I say try before you buy.
me too!
It's National Teacher Day! Want an on-air shout out for your child's teacher? Name & school, please. Tune in!
Date Night with my mister <3
Charges for CSU players stem from fight earlier this month.
...and hopeless drunk. :)
I love the new file Manager in #businesscatalyst! It's like having #Dreamweaver in the browser. Don't anticipate clients using this though.
Missing design work, print design, and media at the moment.. sigh.
Can you send a screenshot of what it looks like when you open the app?
Michael Jackson Made HIStory! & greatest part about it is that all of #MJArmy & #MJFAM got to read, be apart & witness it!
- Sadly, it ended his political career. At least as an elected official. He's finishing up 1st term & then going 2 Hawaii 4 school.
Do you think Politicians keep their campaign Promises? Cast your note at www.thenewburnpoll.com
Patience has been exhausted for the day...
o.O
good point!
I especially like the "create brand loyalty" event under "marketing strategy / promotions"
but yoooouuuu don't have a cello lesson
yo golic Rt on people are tired of NFL banging certain QBs, and protecting others! Brady ugh, and other top white QBs.
Callin in Millionaire to work Monday. Lotto Frenzy
Happy birthday! Just had the same a few days ago!
lol yea I realized when he followed you :) I thought I might get him while I could. And you might wanna check of Zach (c)
Good morning DFW friends. A nice cool morning. How is your Thanksgiving weekend going?
Let's play a game called: work a double, and I have an empty section at 6pm.
LMAO! That gif. Epic, dude haha. I'm sure that will be all of the WWE Universe's reaction I hope.
Going 2B my second point, but didn't want 2 stir up what is a hot bed of contention btw u & :-)
Thanks to the folks that came to see us over the weekend.
Just a few hours to go - and we are are not even halfway to our goal. If you've been waiting, now is the time to call 602-277-3003
old people wearing Hollister clothing >
F the suns and rockets. I just got drafted by the sixers
Signed up for a at Looking forward to using the app around
Hello there!!!
If we end up in Troy, I am gonna rage.
Pulled up Yankees box score on At Bar app. Saw 2 errors and thought Nunez must be in field. Not shocked that he had both.
have you checked out THE EROTIC CHALLENGE yet 50k and a modeling contract to the winner
White iPhone… shiny :)
don't remind me. Started celek. FF sucks.
Dear fantasy football team, We had a good undefeated run, but you're too good to trade anyone away. Aiming for the gold. Love, Q
I got the newsletter! Thank you! :D
Money is like a sixth sense without which you cannot make a complete use of the other five. ~ W. Somerset Maugham
Join us for Stories in the Sky this morning 9 AM. Free fun for the kiddos!
Yes Sir!! Gotta get to T Dot next year!!!
It's exciting to see Tweeps getting pumped up on eating plants. Once you go Green you never go back!
The life of a country is longer than a man's but it's still a LIFE. I'm glad to see ours is still alive. God bless us.
ok i just want you to make your money. Lol
Tired of Taking a Trashy Taxi?
On our last night in Germany, we made torches & wandered hopelessly through the forest overlooking the town.
Twitter is being wierd on my phone.... Wtfff???
Just blew out a tire on the Watterson. I have really good luck
keep stringn' em together. Nice win “: Final from Toronto: Caps double up Leafs, 4-2 #CapsLeafs”
90% on my Sociology final! Considering how much I actually studied for it, I'm happy with that!
thanks Greg!
Nutin I do seems to be good enough for you anymore...
#NothingFeelsBetterThan moving back with your parents and not having to pay a damn bill.
please I want one from you it would be an honor
Glad to hear it -- I'm behind a few episodes and looking forward to catching up.
Happiness begins when selfishness ends. Coach John Wooden
That's the hook right therrrr
sure, but I'm gonna need like 20 more min ha. Cody and Tim are on their way over there if you wanna meet them ?
“: I need some jazz music to relax to...” or some romance languages
Awesome accountability call with yesterday, he's got some amazing things happening.
Jamming Big Krit right now... if you from the south and ain't fucking with Krit I don't know what to tell you. You fucking up tho!
: salesperson is only person in deal who does not know invoice. Customer already has it. #NADA2012 Funny.
#CarlDeMaio leads of commerical break speaking about pension reform. He supports moving police to 401k.
Thank you Chicago for having such a large Polish population. Beautiful boys everywhere.
No graphs yet in the OMR, working on it (and more) ...
#NowPlaying Work Wit It- Chris Brown makes me wanna DANCE!
I've been on a serious Scott Walker binge all week. No end in sight. Life is beautiful.
The things people do....really. Ha. Also my friends and I are thinking about road tripping to the grand canyon..Maybe I can see u.
it's not you. it's shelbys cousin. idiot.
Warren wouldn't be the first unqualified Commie with false background associated with Harvard to seek high office.
don't play! I'm serious...mine or yours, it don't matter I'm taking VACAY!!
Rescue Me. Series Finale :(
Good morning. My house eaves are a bird apartment. Lots of coming and going with worms in beaks. Hummingbirds are slurping for a nestful.
The Parks and Rec Twitter account said they were cleaning the trails, though. So 1-2 weeks.
#FF for a great cause!
for sure. Send me a tweet when they do!
I've been informed I'm going to Cici's for dinner. Hell yes
it's not really her! Lol i I'd freak out!
haysoos christa does he sound horrible
I came into this world a puzzled panther
I am jealous of you northerners!
Read up Spammers i dont want an i phone an i pad or freaking 6 flags tickets!! Get freakin LOST !!!!!!!!!!
haha I'm sure (;
Enroute to Little Rock, Ark 20th Clinton reunion. Plane full of Clinton Alumni's. Looking forward to a fun weekend.
for British Breakthrough Artist!!! Congrats!
My physics teacher always plays good music(: she put it on blast(;
Relationships kill friendships
Bullshit is no where on my schedule, in other words I never make time for it.
KICKING OFF MY BIRTHDAY WEEKEND & IT IS ALREADY LOUD AS HELL OVA HERE!!
It was quite an experience.
Revolutions, coups, riots. Indeed, the feathers are flying. How about we get our health care revolution started.
Got very sick from flu shot.
awwh Jordan! :) that made my day... no my life! love you !! :) <3
once upon a time, I didn't give a fuck.
Thanks, Enjoy your Sunday!
Have a lovely day!
The first part of my story "Jeremiah Street Times," is up on FiveChapters.com!
Need that real thang
RT : Today I'm reminded that life is short... I want to love big, give grace and be content in who I am in HIM! #fb//Amen!
RT : Not to name things properly is like adding misfortune to the world" - Albert Camus
#GirlsWithPrettyFeet is a trend for toe suckers.
o did you make your regular Tuesday stop? you'll have to stop over one of these times!
Feliz dia de las Madres! Happy Mother's Day!
obesity is more than being sedentary... Poor food choices doesn't help
RT : Fellas, don't ASSUME she knows how you feel about her. TELL her.
I Just Throw On My Controller Now She Playin' With My Wii!
“: Re-word that, please?” To what? Lol
Nicest compliment I ever got in film school: "He's pretentious, but he's comfortable with it."
#college #student get .EDU #discount #TODAY 20%off your order on.fb.me/mkUrhM
pleasure seein you two tonight! Hope we run into each other again soon.
I want someone that will come to my rescue when I'm in danger
Some very, very misguided people, unfortunately. If someone you know is thinking of it, speak out against it.
Any progress on integration with Quickbooks online yet?
I swear...if they make me late today imma spaz!!!!!
I would love to!! :D
#LAPride is around the corner. Tomorrow I'll be covering the first annual Purple Party with #MacyGray!
I just took 2 shots of espresso #yolo RT I bet sleep right now lol
I keep laughing at 'Steve Steib'
haha will do;D where ya from?xx
this voucher business for Cardiff away sounds like a ball ache next weekend. Do we have to show photo ID to get the ticket?
you know you're bored when you keep checkin your phone for a missed call or text...knowin damn well no one has hit you up!
Hey! Guess what? I've landed in Chicago!
Rock climbing is awesome! SO much fun and great work out!
Ok My B-day Bash Sale Satrts Now! Hit Up ZoeBeats.Com All Beats R Half Off $10 Leases & $125 Doller Exclusvies Purchase Your Tracks Now!
what about #Bedre?
KG just got off
hmm, maybe it just takes time for people in Alaska. Haha
ill b back thrusday but i need somewhere to stay for a few days you got room
it's better to be young and stupid than old and regretful.
when is it gonna be out?
I can't believe you'd do this to me
Thanks for the RT!
Wait, is on Here & Now? When, when? RT : hey do not worry. You will be grand.
What hotel do you stay at when visiting SLC to do #genealogy research? How do you generally book it?
thanks for connecting!
I'd Get Sleazy For Ron Weasley♥
For my birthday I want a Slaughterhouse piñata
Answer: Because God loves you and wants you to be happy. RT Question: Why were these McNuggets on sale?
Looking forward to participating in #libchat. Can anyone let me know a date and time?
3 back-to-back interviews starting in a half hour. WISH ME LUCK, Y'ALL.
Yeah Chicagos O- Line kind of stunk. They had 7 sacks in the first half
I still have to do homework ...
Peabodys is where its at Saturday come support Cleveland metal and hardcore
