Cause ive been thinkinn bout forever ...oh
Some good C roll still pictures taken Jodi!
Margarita you dumb ass goofy ass hoe!!
you have a nice ass don't listen to Christine she is a whore..lol
I am not sure prayer & worship should be separated; if were doing one shouldnt we do the other?
it was super fun :)
Visit www.gemcuisine.com
Does anyone know how to stream wsope final table online? please help! I gots to watch dan win
so excited!!!! Thank you for taking us!! First hockey game ever!!!!
Yes, I'm slower than FedEx. I've never noticed the arrow in their logo. Very clever.
How is nothing still known in the Phylicia Barnes case?
I didn't know that was an option. I need to look into Madison libraries.
Oregon PD tells us they are sending a news release regarding this morning's incident. Will update soon as I get it...
Thank you! I'm pretty much in love. :)
is enough with survey overload or fatigue. What happened to intuition? & using the data that you have.
it's 12:45am...i'm gonna need some clarity on "tomorrow"
Last call!!! Come to the Shack today 12-9. Otherwise, see u next spring :)
Owwww SO HYPE
BulkEditor is pretty cool
Ehh, just chilling here at home talking to the most beautiful human being on the planet :)
": The Manimal's 4 points and 5 rebounds giving the an early 10-6 lead over the " is a badass
I refuse to watch,it's precorded. haha jk jk I just kinda wish he hadn't Ustreamed at all.
Thanks for voting the winner of and Pitch Competition 2012!
I'm focused I might as well say cheese for the pictures
Join us at 9&11 am tomorrow for the lesson "Now is the Time:God Given Opportunities". Lesson by Rev Pat, meditation by Rev David...
Thankful I have a job!
You are amazing!(:
RT : BREAKING: Car crashes onto CTA Blue Line tracks near Rosemont.
not sure if I will be able to make it this year :( however, if I can't be there in person, I'll follow on twitter and History
Congrats, Shatto! We never doubted you. We love our Root Beer, Strawberry and Skim milks. Not to mention our cheese curds! :)
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
More like the top chef running out of signature dish when local burger franchise owner comes in... ;)
Going to have to get used to this whole Eastern timezone thing.
I hate flics where nerds get hot chics, I like when nerdy chics get made over in2 hot chics ha! Nevermind me, back 2 rappedy rap hippedy hop
you looking at the man stacks and rubber bands yuup
All you need to knock on is play the apatche song
Help me make the top 10 so I can Take The Stage!
Glad to hear that you are making a difference in the world. You should check out They are doing great things too.
Dear One Direction, I think our relationship has finally reached the point where you should learn about my existence.
Sparse crowd tonight in Vancouver cuz of hockey. I guess those hosers took off, ehhh.
No, because international hoops now offers a legitimate challenge to the US. There was little international baseball in 1920s
Look at me choosing a clementine & a mini chocolate bar (1 point) rather than a cookie!
it the Chargers go to Los Angeles, then I will too!
no pain no mf gain
Use wisdom in everything you do so that both your heart and your life shout loudly My God reigns.
is always ON MY MIND<3
Congrats, Tom!
My whole band stopped rehearsal to watch you! You were amazing and we are SO PROUD! You NAILED that song!!!
"I am deeply committed to the cause of education and would like to see every person, man and woman, boy and girl, be touched by the light o…
#elclassico #madrid Altintop seems to be the only hole in Madrid's defense.
Everyone shouldn't just have the most respect for their mothers on this day. It should be everyday!
Lol I think everyone skipped. :)
got ya
Hee Hee Hee...well it stopped being a hater for a while but then it went right back to haterism in a couple of hours. Sigh...
Why do computers appear so smart? There's a human sitting at the keyboard. Then why do computers act stupidly? (see answer to question 1)
Frat daddy #fratsnap as he got on the bus
I have to confess. As a young cocky gayboy I once described to my friends a mildly hot guy I was dating as 'a titch down-syndromy'.
nothing like a little brandi carlile unexpectedly playing in the walgreens to calm my nerves.
this is not okay.
Hey guys! My mom knows your Aunt Pam and we were told to check you out! She told us about you on FB! Small world!
we love you <3 can't wait for ur #billboard performance <3 I'm sure its gonna be awesome like the others :)
Just got word that our recent article was accepted (pending minor revisions) to Urban Education. Great way to start a weekend!
//Glad you liked the hashtag. :)
probably too dehydrated to keep coaching.
RT : If you are looking for 100% free stuff in Madison WI check out our newest client Phreeps LLC at twitter.com/phreepmsn
Hope they feel better real soon! :-(
Nothing like a few hour longboarding sesh with
I don't get the "don't wireframe, prototype!" thing. If your WFs take as long to make as even a simple prototype, you're doing it wrong
hahah love it. Whoever did that is a fucking legend
Just ordered my Sweatshirtt:)
Just got my flu shot. (: getting my blood drawn tomorroww. /:
<3 I think im going to buy 10 kittens to be lvoed, ha
Questions that reveal FERPA protected information that is.
get your voice heard at thesportsland.com
no never...just been a while...how's your photography business
Just watched Food Inc. Oh No!
It makes me so happy that baby bron bron lost tonight, and the #Bulls killed it in OT!
we should just text each other during social studies. We pretty much do through twitter
The vitality & energy you felt that drove you to type "Motherfucker."? That's what you get with a veg diet, Russ.
Have you registered for the 2011 Southeast Institute on Homelessness & Supportive Housing? Early Bird Registration ends Aug 31, 2011!
Im starting an online petition to bring back the show "Yo Mamma". The world needs more Wilmer Valda..valder that guy from that 70s show.
- Thanks for the
what is wrong with people...that sucks.
happy birthday !
Jewish Community Relations Council DC Mayoral Debate From 8:00pm to 9:30pm at the Historic Sixth and I Synagogue (600 I Street NW).
nor El Nuevo Herald - we were declined by
omgg it's amazing and he's so sweet dedicating it to us and showing off all his fan mail from us awwee<333
Thank you for taking the time to come and talk at our Discovery Toys convention. We love you and all of your wonderful ideas!
lol Yeah. It's like Smith for English or Kim for Korean.
every directioner should follow a very nice directioner from the UK
The sign on Steve's said "Breakfast coming soon." We'll see.
I personally have never done that
Yes, i try to Push the door open when clearly, it says Pull.
Start your 2012 off on the right foot w/ #DNation. Training for the starts in 3 weeks with coach
canada is awesome! but yay def not the biebs!
App Store ranks finally defrosted last night. Great to see apps like text+ catapult from rank ~100 to ~60. A truer indicator of popularity.
In other non-Britney related news, I LOVE Greg Laswell's music!
LILLLLLYYYY!!! Sup lady
Some times you're not as strong as you think you are.
real friends will alwayz b by ur side, even at times u tell them 2 leave
LA rules! ": Trifecta tonight as our LA teams and win tonight! #ThisIsLA #OurCityOurHome #FEARLA"
Good Decision Making (Priceless) SMH!
Love golden boy pizza.
my bitch exroommate stole my adapter D:
Happy Birthday to me:)
subtweeting is not what you want.
Is anyone out there using the Adobe CS5.5 products yet?
Check out 's new single Blame It On September, its out now on iTunes :) were doing a contest soon so stay tuned!
#WON12 opens w/ clip of Cookie Monster deciding Btwn cookies or fruit. A Sesame Street character supposed to attend but couldn't make it.
Saw two crested caracaras in a field on my way to the Big O #Birding and #Wildlife Festival HQ in Labelle. Cool!
I wanna learn sign language!
thx for the ff! Hope u and Brandon are well!
Never say never - Armin Van Buuren. Sex to my ears! <3
Yep! & she has tweeted "I stay" on her Twitter acct. :( I was glad she walked out & was looking 4ward to enjoying the show!
Is to cute tho. (;
My new single "Life Not Typical" was on the "Most Added" list on the Billboard chart this week - say yea with me!
Shoulders and left knee, now making formal protest against this sudden gym/workout thing. Shoulders are particularly pissed.
Stay tuned for a MOTHER load of ideas and new concepts!
its a beautiful day in #philly!! hitting the expo and then enjoying the city!! I <3 my cous &
Ugh. Work. People need to learn how to drive!!!
Brock lesnar? Where did he come in
Join us, September 16 - 17, 2011, for a two-day multi-stage festival which features events around the state. www.globalquerque.com
Film shooting a Vampire Webisode at my home.I feel like playing their Mom and saying "Don't drink o- blood, they are the human milk cows
What I need from u is understanding baby niggas gon mess up somtimes! Thats life
Laissez-faire: an injunction 'not to impede the course of things, but to ensure the natural and necessary modes of regulation.' Foucault
. Agree and good point.
How about just #SmartShawn , or maybe #SuperSmartShawn , yeah I like that
Is Wendy Williams a tranny?
Thanks for the follow. Following back! Have a great weekend.
Not "hung up"; just feel that as ppl, mostly men, are uncritically celebrating his legacy it is worth pointing out a serious flaw
I'll pray for you:)
Wow, you're just racking the nerd points up.
and the way he wears his douchey glasses on the back of his douchey head.
My work day is almost over.... #Thankgoodness!
Mary Jeffers from speaking at new brand and website launch event
what if she walked by and saw these tweets hahaha
Nothing better than Ferris Bueller.....he's my hero
Hell of a game Giants
Sugar Maple's beer list makes me feel feelings. Dragon's Milk Oaked Stout will rain down on my insides.
Sounds like fun! My eldest is graduating with a master's tomorrow. Looking forward to hanging out 2 after her busy semester.
catch a falling star and put it in your pocket, save it for a rainy day.
thank you! I hope you have a good night too! Fight on girl!
don't see why not
😡 lol not right it's just not right
Hooker hated nickname "Fighting Joe Hooker", sounded "hot headed". GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
Maple bacon creme brûlée? How did you know.
I"M NOT DRAMATIC
that sore feeling after you been hooping all day <<<<<<<<<
Woke up with the "Price is Right" theme music in my head. Hmm..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY<3 & thank you(:
Huntsman objects to Paul ad featuring adopted kids - Huffington Post
Whitey is a beast!
Phone dead.
I need a theme song....
that's laughable
Great sound, stunning voice, and very nice clip! I dig it!!
My eyes are warm, its weird. . .
Obama campaign hosts digital media training for volunteers - Politico (blog)
your not important.? your fucking clueless.
Rick majerus looms like a gremlin
Sorry about that.
Today, I feel like, is gonna be a good day c:
When God is in it, it's not over.
a gust of wind literally made both of my feet slide across the ice rink that is the sidewalk. Any how, I'll see you like today
Happy Easter Chicago, do your thing today!
The agent of deserves a bonus. Neon Deion stars in two Super Bowl ads on Sunday, for Bridgestone & Century 21.
Love listening to John Keegan speak.
happy holidays to you!
Thank U:) RT : Appreciation & Gratitude ♥ →
you better not ! -_-
Needs A Text....& Call
Can't leave us hanging like that. Do tell us more about what you saw on the assessment...
got the earrings. Thx...they are hot!
my radio addiction > , for months now. felt unfaithful to spare laptop now managing podcasts :)
I should've known you weren't going to answer me.. So why did I waste my time?
Wandy has only thrown 71 pitches so far. Pirates are in trouble.
Good night yall
At the hospital wit Amanda haveing her baby..... Birthing couch.... OMG OMG happy omg
Mahendra Kumar Trivedi announces the launch of Trivedi Beef - Stunning Results ... - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
Everyone be safe in the rain! Have a beautiful day!
Thanks To All My New Fans, Followers, Friends And Likes!!! Via-Reverbnation-Twitter, Myspace And Facebook....:):)
Had a great workout today doing Tabata intervals with the 2-handed kettlebell swing!
Watching David Fincher's 'Zodiac' this morning, such a lovely film.
I know it's been a busy morning when I realize I forgot to have my second cup of coffee.
Research project explores reference books as practical tools of protest
Tomorrow Chicago native music duo Maverick & T will be here to perform a Free rush hour concert! Come join us!
UR 2 busy 2 wait 13 mins 4 confirmation of man's death instead of citing outfit sleeping at LAX 2 ask Lindsay about her diet?
lunchtime getting close, shell we get together?
world who still sometimes watches VCR's :D
pray to based god you wont get in too much trouble, and are you not taking me n maxxy to school anymore?
Cracking up over here. Sweet car calendar on the wall. Is your "office" actually your childhood bedroom?
It name... Ital rehab. Dont let the drugs take you. Let me take you and work with you. In two months you will be you. Call me 702 3663923
Hey follow (Kansas City Urban Fashion Fest)
Can't sleep so I'm on my way to thedys... Hard to sleep without him now.
Really, #RoyalPains? Ave Maria at a Jewish funeral? You've got some explaining to do.
R U looking for a certified engineer with good mixing and mastering skills? Get worldwide email me at RT
I wanted to be friends
add fudge covered Oreos to the mix and the psychology is in strange realms
Our next general meeting will take place NEXT Thursday at 1 PM.
Ur witness is a poor listener b/c they haven't been properly trained to listen correctly; it is a #psychology thing, not a #legal thing.
Amazing first day at ASTD ICE 2011! Ended with a wonderful evening of celebrating Don Kirkpatrick's retirement at Cafe Tu Tu Tango.
he must think I'm in there. smooth and pale and slender and all.
have to study final final today at 12:30
I have e-mailed customer service twice with no reply. Trying to un-sync my old card and re-sync new one. Please help!
tony also has crazy sneeze attacks. Those are hilarious.
That last RT is exactly why having grown daughters is such a blast! The raising is tough but the payoff is huge!
Trying a web application for posting long tweets. And suddenly, I have no thoughts that could propel me over the 140 character threshold
The shortages are going to get worse. Let's help each other through this. Everything comes by truck and trucks can't get through.
No time to waste
The good news about generosity is that it doesn't create any loss or lack for the giver. :D
Let's go someplace new and be different people for a while.
#thebestpartofmydaywas when It hit me that I have been too busy for church, or even God for the most part.. what's happened to me?
Yes! lol - RT did finally let you back in the studio?
S/0 to the people who listen to real HipHop and understand the art of it.
I have trauma call tonight. Not nearly as much fun as OB or Family Medicine call.
True! Just wish there weren't so many authorship books in our darned library. What were you people reading before I got here?
Everyone is sleeping and I'm checking social media
just logged into twitter from my computer for the first time in a while... what the hell happened to it??? i want the #oldtwitter back:(
Let's go Bynum
If you travel you take the moon & starts with you!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 28
Me and my whole team done been thru sum shit in life making our bond stronger,but we gon show U how 2 turn tragedy 2 triumph 3nity shit
Social Media Special: 10 lb bag of rock salt FREE with $5 purchase. Can't beat that!
Where is the reset button for today? What is going on?! Guess I should've had my orange juice this morning.
bah, nonworking links are the worst
cant prove it
What a day for basketball! Two 15 seeds upset #2 seeds, and the Kings stomp all over the Celtics?!
Want to learn more about #Crowdfunding? Sherwood Neiss is speaking at the Canadian Advanced Technology Alliance #CATA conference May 23-24
Can't sleep because of 's amazing instagram. Follow this fine gentleman! 'TheJakeThrupp'
That's a very cool site you have for your festival. I love the images of the venue front doors & how it leads to maps&info.
it's bootyful ;* i wonder if madison would like it....c;
bahahaha. I wish.
GREAT bridal show today at Ritz Charles, Inc., hope to see you all there! :)
Comcast Christmas Show Employees gather in the lobby of the Comcast building in Philadelphia to watch a preview of the annual Christmas s
You should check if you're work computer is directly proportional to your seat level to lessen neck pains.
thank you darling happy
Problem is, they violate twitter et al. TOS! MT Open-source tool to archive audience comm. from SM.
My mind is racing after the #Avengers. It's the iconic comic book moments like Hulk with Thor's hammer that make it special for comic fans!
Fade Away by Greg Cipes. That song is amazing, idc how old it is, ive been listening to it for the past 30 mins.
damn damn i wish i was in nyc for this!!!!!!!!
i just really like food ...
no worries, I've just been laying here in tears awaiting reply. Bitches. I miss all the good stuff!
Hmm... Not sure about this, but WTH, see what happens! IMO, the only time they were ever in "communication" was 1988-89.
20 Best Marketing, Social Media Blogs www.forbes.com/2010/01/14/social-media-twitter-marketing-forbes-woman-entrepreneurs-best-blogs.html
Don't forget to meet the 'Gansett girls at Society Hill Beverage tonight and taste some
That was an awesome shot. I still can't see in slow mo. Onward!
Thank you for supporting gay marriage! We're def moving FORWARD.
Tweet this night out, loud and proud! We want data to assemble for those that can't make it
thank you so much(:
>MLM Update! Clever Container( New Company Listing )
thanks im following yoou too(:
awe ok didn't think so
yall dont follow me :/ im the next star
Field museum: "lots of dead and real and fake things behind glass" & "30 million things in jars" Best collection description ever.
So psyched for the game tonight. My 1st playoff game since 2008! Anyone else coming out?
goosssshhhh. this week is gonna go by SO slow.
happy Friday! New Casa?
I know! Summer, summer. Tell me those things you have to tell me.
we do, talking about it right now!
daaammnn you took it back..
I've never sacrificed so much for one person -- just for them to get in their feelings over something so... ridiculous!
Alrighty boys..gonna get my hands on some of Carter before bed!!! Love yas! talk tomorrow!! xoxoxo
yeah me too but he still seemed kinda pissed this morning when i talked to him .
I know, ! I was thinking at the time, "Who gets their portrait taken with a ladder?" Answer = and I do.
I guess you don't give a shit...?
RT : I realy want to win tomarrow U guys all got 2 play with heart like , , and...
Now Kentucky!
Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigade has asked Hamas to return weapons seized in 2007, so they can confront Israeli “aggression, incursion or folly”.
heck yes! I love all the funny videos they make & how close they are! Its so cute! So, what's your name?
Ladies FREE Ladies FREE Ladies FREE Ladies FREE!!!!! Nine72 after hrs right behind beamers
some niggas are so funny! lmfao u wanta be player ass nigga get a fuckin life grow the fuck up! dam!
You always find a way to ruin things
Hope anyone who goes to the Border Wars meet and greet to see Jay Lethal doesn't get treated like crap like the fans in Dayton did.
Time to get this last speech done...Let's do this...
Getting amped for Kimock here in Charlotte.
Life Is Just A Game... We Are All Just The Same... O)+>
On twitter because no one on FB is getting important info in real time. Thanks for makin' changes suckas! Still on fb. Immediacy is still
we can't go today girl
Great idea: RT : Have you thought about Foursquare check-in discounts, like 10% off certain/all titles?
tapped Half Day Hefeweizen last night.
is Mission Hills BID. Follow for what's happening in our charming historic neighborhood in San Diego 92103
MRNG PEOPLE, CHILLAXING IN MY COMFORTABLE BED, ALL NICE N KOZY UP IN HERE!!!!!!
Absolutely LOVING the interview with Chris Isaac being a Memphis girl who grew up with Sun Studio music :-)
Off to kick some ass at the gym. I love early mornings
Time for TUSD to move on from Ethnic Studies fight - Tucson Citizen Tucson Citizen Time for TUSD to move on from Ethnic Studies fight Tuc
word up
“: They will get their karma, don't get your pretty nails dirty. #LifeOfABarbie”
Its the last 30 minutes of our 50% off #blackfriday deal! But then Its still 40% off til 12PM and then 30% from 12PM to 9PM EST!!
which address did you send my package to? Haven't received yet. Just letting you know
At the bank this morning they asked me who my second favorite player is, and I was stumped! Any suggestions?
Thanks to Radio Free Texas and all of the listeners! New CD will be available online August 31st! www.claymcclinton.com
Two more packer tickets for us! Matt's dad put him on the list over 40 years ago and with the expansion we get 2 more!
morning. c:
i loved it u were like best and amazing also i love u and when could ever tweet me back or maybe follow me please!<3
glad you enjoyed it haha :)
Officially going official on Twitter so follow your boy & let your people know...
I know it sounds extreme, but there are reasons. We had a dog who step on hot coals and burn all 4 paws and needed to wear..
The #FriendZone every man fear when he has strong feelings for a woman.
on to the next one
Griner is unreal.
Issue w/ meeting someone w/ the same name as a character, is then I think of that person. Thankfully, my character was already a redhead!
Happy Mothers day to all the wonderful caring women that have loved and cared for us unconditionally, thank you we appreciate you
Happy Birthday to the one and only ! You are a blessing in my life! Happy Mother's Day too!!
I'm really wishing I had used Pinterest, Prezi or anything but Powerpoint. But it's done now.
Thanks for that
where have u been punk
Another OST Perm exclusive. We are staffing a Java Architect role in Westford, Mass. (8+ yrs exp).
i think about you everyday and i listen to you everyday
Rudyard Kipling~ More men are killed by overwork than the importance of the world justifies.
And watch NBA games for some reason.
Are you okay?
maybe he said pelt! That would be creepy.
South Park or Family Guy?
I'm so stuck in my head today.
if I started this thing the night before...it would never be finished. This project was awful...
Toilet Bowl, Dickey
congrats can't wait to see the film.
*sad trombone*
Ah yes, a new week is upon us! Time to get movin' at Noon with our #9RoundMinute!
Hecky naw this dude aint neva just strip on the side of me
Just witnessed a star wars poetry slam. True stories.
wish I was there
Small sample size. Of runs!
wonderful! can't wait to see you at the #sxswLAM meetup & drinkup!
RT : Oh dear. All the GOP candidates hate SOPA & PIPA too. Now who will Hollywood give all that money they're not going to...
The newsroom at CNN smells like bacon right now. I don't know why and I don't care. It's not important. It's bacon.
Long drives and Tom Petty.
I plan it- not sure when though - maybe we can do lunch- (you too )
Awesome! Always fun to plan your dreams =) Good luck!
Have fun girls!! Say hi to the boys from me :) xx : Club Paradise Concert tonight w
WHEN HE OPES HIS ARMS AND HOLDS YOU CLOSE TONIGHT, IT JUST WONT FEEL RIGHT,CAUSE I CAN LOVE YOU MORE THAN THIS.
You do spend a lot of time at airports. Consider this: Let Us Drive You to #MKE or #ORD. Fewer connections & layovers.
Anyone using #Google+ ? What do you think?
why the heck did i just favorites my own tweet
Theres so many butterflies !
Pulling for Shaka and VCU. Go do it
Fresh bread, flowers & fun for the kids! Hope to see you at the market tomorrow! 3-8 pm!
Yeeeaaaa it's nun scarier than a 10 year old white girl jumping rope in slow motion.
Btw I missed seeing you on Friday!!! :(
I Love your music.
Times have been had, and times will be had.
urine trouble takes on victorious secret for the final eastern division playoff spot.
I hope isn't getting into any trouble tonight.
Logan Greene's BSA Eagle Scout ceremony is this afternoon in Mitchell - - another Southern Indiana leader in the making! - - JDG
Would you let the system make you kill your brother man? No dread no !
he crushes that one!
Hope you recommended #Sultra ;) & yes, urgent texts like that r totally unnecessary! Drives me nuts when my mom does this.
Cant stop listening to #SAYSOMETHING its so perfect now you just gotta come to Boston and peform it!(; Love you #NOJOKE <3333
#marian Sean O'Sullivan very likeable, honest, humble, inspirational man.
Only 8% of Highschool boys wash their hands after using the restroom.
Seriously in need of a new last name for 2nd book EMPIRE (MC was Haven Grey) but that won't work bc of "50 Shades." Any ideas?
Hahah why you reading bout my college?
#jcdl2012 submission... submitted. But that doesn't mean I won't think up a new title before midnight.
Apparently there's a service outage on this exchange so no phones or broadband for lots of people I guess. Feels weird being disconnected!
After my motion as council member at OVUCC for a balanced budget we now get more; no longer bottomless pit. (3yrs ago)
yes they ate
When something bad happens you have three choices. You can either let it define you, let it destroy you, or you can let it strengthen you!!
Hang in there RT Hit balls again today. Turns out winter in Colorado is not good for the golf swing. It's downright awful.
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
I don't understand why people can't just check their kids at the airport with the rest of their baggage.
She's French though :/
ONE MORE WEEK TILL DISNEY CAMP ROCK AUDITIONS @ ADA IN Pleasantville, NY call 914 751 1048 for info ages 8-21
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Hope you enjoy it. :) xx
Saw a commercial TWICE today That is so mean!
My kind of dinner! Cheers!
So sorry to hear about your aunt.
Carmen: The water's warmer in here. Juni: I just peed. Carmen: Ugh. Juni: Sorry.
The Tigers are on the board first, but no worries. In CC We Trust
Im really sorry babe. But i PROMISE after this 2 weeks, we'll talk kayos. Don't be sad babe, I LOVE YOU! x
It was a very intense work week. I think we've all earned a weekend break. I'll be watching NCAA games. Go, 'Cats! You?
Thanks! Just fixed the typo.
my dad wants me to go fishing with him....
Josh & Jordan hackie sacking after school >>>
lls this Guy gets banned the first day. Don't follow him he is insane and wants to go to Mexico to watch a pony show
Poll results: #Orioles fans hate the Yankees as a team most. As for the fans, they hate Red Sox fans most.
ohh my gosh am I now? something is wrong with my twitter!!!
put me through a tough work out at the gym yesterday! That man is a beast. "If your not super setting, your not working out!"
Great wins by and today!
I think meeting people is just difficult all around. The good ones are hard to find. In real life and online.
TI30 airs tonight on ch12 after World Series. We have our bloopers of the year, plus a nice video piece looking back on 2011 season.
not even joking on you! Lol. I remember the scene you did!! My man
Freedom of expression is the matrix, the indispensable condition, of nearly every other form of freedom.
ahaha noo it was raining yesterday and then today it was all sunny like okayy lol and over there?? :o
-- Always has.. No Offense
bud, did you guys dine at #North or #TheCricket?
:O what happened?!?
We are all just prisoners here, of our own device
This still isn't what I'm looking for.
I think that should have been a shot violation!!!
Where's the sun??
looking very very good.
Now y'all got me craving burgers.
In order to live your dreams, you have to keep your eyes open and stay focused. You can't lay around and sleep on them. #life,
fuckkk i got a 89 cant u give me a 90
You're one of the best Joe. Think of all the bullshit you went through. Slaughterhouse is revenge and redemption.
The leg is still way tender, but the ACE Bandage helps. May finally get back to work Monday. This is hellish, for me, being crippled.
u have xbox or ps3
chillin bro...just working. you?
Pretty sure I'm supposed to have lunch with someone today. Can't find it in my calendar/email. If it's you, let me know
We are following you
Thank you for the connection! Your words of advice on relationship marketing were gold today!
even our sharks are fatter lol
really hmm ok ill see wats sup
Murray Hill Bar Crawl With
I faithfully watch family guy at night lol
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing custom homes throughout San Antonio TX.
Looking forward to your visit--feel free to DM in advance for any assistance or recommendations.
Thank you to everyone who came out to the Tigers Winter Elite Soccer Camp today!
obama hilarious right now.. love this guy
When wearing socks I always step in my dogs druell
Whitney! Welcome to the twitter-verse... :)
no way:)
The torrent version of the WRP teaser will be the highest quality version. I'm going to have to downgrade the quality for the stream sadly.
You wanna be taken seriously and not viewed as just a hot girl? Well definitely continue to dress like a $2 whore, that will show'em
Creative JavaScript and HTML5 Programming Workshop w/
so good! i steal for facebook, yes? i speak like this always, yes?
No plans, lucky me..
Trust you about what? The figure, or the call? See, this is why I never order, I know somethings wrong with their food.
Last show of 2012 and the Many Moons are performing tonight at 1030, Dragons Den. No Cover. Cozy free hugs.
ITS FRIDAY THAN A BITCH
I mean a bicycle. I don't think I could handle a motorcycle:)
are you engaging in the sad phenomenon sweeping the nation - #sleeptweeting ??
can you tell me what dish is this?
You pick... Either... Mahone Trivia GTS Pick a Number between 1-91 and I will tell you which song you get :) (Numbers) -Maria:)
you're polluting my timeline ms.!
not this time....maybe tomorrow though....i get paid again...=]
awesome, campus later today?
I'm fine, I went to a Show this afternoon :]
Stack 'em, Pack 'em and Rack 'em...welcome to the last closing day of the year!!!
#30Rock rocks! My wife and I have been completely immersed in reruns (and current shows) every night. Awesome entertainment!
What's the biggest lesson he learned this season? And what's is highest goal next year?
Might get inked this summer! ^^
When I investigate and when I discover that the forces of the heavens and the planets are within ourselves, then truly I seem to
it's definitely not. I didn't even get "first time" points. FourSquare does seem to have some glitches with that sorta thing
RT if you love Mexican Food. Or food in general :)
Talked about staff photos for our website today. My suggestion of Lifetouch portraits with laser backgrounds was not taken seriously.
#dcmi2009 David Wood: Zepheira RDF Editor - turns components of RDF data into interface widgets and roundtrips changes back into RDF data.
#seattle folks: did anyone take metro today? how were the buses? planning for tomorrow...
I can't wait for September 20, #CoastToCoast album comes out<3
Hi Lauren - Thanks for the follow.
That awkward moment when you tweet something you meant to text someone
Seriously, who is Tom Cruise's dermatologist?!
it was good, I'm reading Yiddish Policeman's Union now.
Going to New York over the summer <3 ~
i still talk to all my friends from last year. must be lucky
(that's for all you twitterfolk!)
Hi Anita! Thanks for joining us today!
A friend of mine that works on the Hill sent it to me, not sure of its origins. So spot on!
"This world is but a canvas to our imagination." - Henry David Thoreau
#Bruins, #Canucks, #Wings, #Sharks, #Hawks, #Pens all out in 1st round. Wow. #NHL and hopefully tonight
Hang Loose.
Ready for tonight!! in Long Beach Let's GO
There are days I enjoy practicing law with other attorneys and then there are days I just wish I was the only one around
thank you very much, means a lot!
No man is lonely eating spaghetti; it requires so much attention. ~Christopher Morley
Actually would love my to take on SA so I can have a reason to go to the playoffs. Go
Just got manicured in a shade of pink I can only call Baptist Club After Prom Bash. Love it.
thanks for the RT, Rick
hahahahaa u actually said somthing funny
Hate those last minute flights where you have to take alternate carriers instead of No service like
some #Browns fans need to relax, Colt made a bad decision, he was trying to make a play, you would have been just as mad with the field goal
#congresslunch Prez wants 6%cut of defense budget $671 billion. wants Europe 2 take care of own backyard
Ant OK too?
Thanks babes but its going to tour with no plans for NYC. But will keep you posted.
Looking at my summer reading list & it's all nonfiction. All technical stuff - blah... Oh well, it's not like I'm missing time in the sun
HEY!!! You guys are great!
SEO NEWS: An Open Letter From a Frustrated Outsourced Link Building Author
Made it home but to tired for my run
This Federal Government needs a kick in the ass and I am the candidate to do it!!!! www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Pinnacle Financial Announces Dates for First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release and Conference Call
As for Lucroy, he's clearly not among the *4* best hitters on this team. Not right now, but long term.
I'm gonna start tweetin a lot
Fool me once MLB.tv.... I'm keeping my credit card # to myself this year unless I see at least one Friar win this week.
Prom hair and makeup for 7 girls this weekend #Balling !!!
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen the kissing cam chooses two people that aren't a couple.
Back at it again today
monday morning sucks! still working on the new tracks, will put up for comment soon. have a good week, BoM
you take your nose, move it up and down while waving with your left hand.
force is all conquering but it's victories are short lived-Abraham Lincoln
Some geese just came to visit us outside the office today. We think they're interested in working on website design...
What to do about health care? Teach kids to be healthy so they become the norm for the next generation. Then we won't need to pay as much.
Catching melbourne band satelight sky rocking in atx. Aussies invade austin tonight at maggie mae
I almost forgot to take my multi vitamin...
RT : craft beer interviews live now on northwestdrink.sprnetwork.com
and I find it difficult enough to type and eat at the same time!
°o° I really hate it when my blaster malfunctions on Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin!
Amy Winehouse RIP thoughts and prayers to her family but let's stop the comparisons to Joplin, Hendrix, Cobain et al.
I'd like to hear each #azgop Presidential primary candidates comment on their plans & thoughts on
A 9 year old in an upper class neighborhood just told me that life is hard. I feel obligated to concur now.
I havent seen this much beat up carpet since that night with Le Toux's mom.. heyoooo
thanks for the concern though honey!! :) I need to learn when it's ok to crash on my parents house for the night!
Apr 16,1942: Bombing Germany is the only way in our power of helping Russia.
I love when #ALaMierdaLaUniversidad is trending
this wasn't his best week. You'll see
#amwriting Writers, have you ever gotten an agent by meeting her at a writer's conference?
AVON FACT: Daily stress can damage hair from the cuticle to the cortex, leaving hair dry, dull and brittle.
The challenge is how to stay open to the creative shifts and unexpected magic.
Check out our website themsonsabitches.com. Our online store is up now! Shirts, pins & posters.
Boise in the BCS championship...what do you think?
thank you next on my list today! FB page! For both businesses
lol they're puke green >.<
No patrons, so my J Fic section is now read & lined up with knife-edge sharpness. Looks around. Still no patrons.
check your spam folder cuz.
I gotcha. I'm not a fan of the spy novel genre. Graham Greene moves me and that's it. I know too many people who do it for real.
Dear Santa, all I want for X mas is some original Jordan 2's and a different pair of Dunks for each day of the year.
I like how is wearing a Detroit Red Wings cap while talkin bout on NFL top 100. C'mon man show the #Caps some love
"The more a man knows, the more he forgives." Catherine the Great
I'm down for Sunday barring any unforeseen issues putting my bike back together
Are you ready for some football!!!!
#OneThingIDontLike, how you act.
I was at a dinner with ! Let's hear it for boozy snow cones and carnitas bao bao.
isn't there always wifi on every private flight of the #bucks?
Heading to Louisville to hang with and the rest of the fam
Who wins? Jordan
FOLLOW FOR ME ==> PLEASE GO ! I am very please follow is my new account please everyone =) *
no surprise there
o.o okayy
#MoreFemalesShould be der self n stop hatin on other just be u
As a close friend just put it, 'this Romney thing just ain't happening'
I always pegged Simpson as a Titanic & Celine Dion fan.
Great minds!
cheer up grumpy bones! I love youu <3
Things to do with your family
That's what she said
how's B to the K today?
ah shhh...forget I said that :).
We can't ever know what it's like to be on the field.,Agreed but this guy dropped a ton of passes this YR.
The most important question of all is "Will there be VOMBIES?" That will be all I need to know.
thanks Star!
I missed my National Poetry Month tweet yesterday, so this evening: two poem snippets, and a quote...
Thank you for the follow! We look forward to the market opening!
reporting spam ... This is insane
I guess you do have a dog...
i'm jelly <3
Veggie fit-hit bowl, full tummy, no regrets.
Waiting for you To notice me.. :( <3 you? :)
lol its all good man yo what do your tuesdays and thursdays look like? you actually would be a perfect guest for the show
But you can in #indyschool no? (fire them = separation from schl for non-performance academically)
Every time I crave popcorn, we don't have any!
nice. i predict amazing pyrotechnics.
Thank you too :)
You got it. Let us know if you have any questions. Thanks.
weve gotten so many out throughout the county i dont even know! how is it for you?!
Worst day off ever.
I came, I see soon enough I will keep. win like the melody of you whom I beat...
Babe you made a Twitter when you said you wouldnt! Haha I love you! <3
Come on reason 6.5 needs to come out already.
Clark Kellogg: "Anthony Davis has only been Dairy Queened once." Um ice cram.
Just found out is dating George Clooney. I used to watch her on the WWF as a kid.
Me and decided to go in late
I've been there homie.. Better have a book/magazine/laptop and some music.
time to kick him to the curb no doubt what I would do ha ha
ray i luv u sosososososososososo much; From Your Biggest Fan Jayd
#Obama at #Easter prayer b'kfast cites John 16:33 `In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I will overcome the world.'
Miss ya <3
Enough said.
Hey did you enjoy your weekend?(:
I can't imagine four more annoying women than the ones on #TheTalk. Julie Chen is completely talentless.
Just booked a show on june 3rd at the Mix Lounge in Georgetown. Everyone knows georgetown is the hippest place to hang out in Seattle!
Izturis grounds out, and now Greinke will pitch the 8th.
You should target google, especially if you have a google adsense account, and you're making money off their ads
Painting & meditating-painting IS meditation
: WHY ARE WE DOING THIS? : WERE FINNALY GONNA REVEAL THE FANATIC 5. LOUIS: THERE GONNA LOVE US!! :D
we're playing the worst songs on the jukebox and we hope you like it.
It seems like every woman that almost wrecks into me is on her damn phone! Who on earth are they talking to at 6:30 in the morning?
Don't look now but you're being raped.
! Beauty of a night for a panini on the water w/Billy's tomatoes, arugula and snap pea salad!
I'm very territorial
I just want to drink free while I donate my money “: “: government laws” I miss the free market”
See you here! :) RT : Who wants to go to Lynard Skynard with me at tonight?
Spot on, J. All of us in Bmore are extremely saddened by a 10-3 record & a win-out to land the #1 seed scenario.
BT AT THE SAME TIME HE ACT LYKE HE DIDNT CARE BOUT MHE SO ?
Oomf just tweeted himself and another oomf. #rookie still lol
Justin mueller with the man up goal. Spartans lead 5-4 with 10:25 left in the first half
I almost want to challenge you to take a picture of every vehicle that we have on the road :) Thank you. It's great to see these
Just landed in LAX
Thank goodness. Preds win
Stuck in traffic on the I-5 South @ Manchester. Glad I'm not the one driving.
Not looking forward to driving five hours
Back on the diet today. God I hate the 1st few days. Only 10lbs to loose and I'll be at my target.
too bad y'all can't see one of the libraries while you're in Richmond. We've got great people!
That's loaded! And that is the question that asked which got and I going in the first place.
Thinking about our extensive Flash elearning component library built over 10 years and the investment/time needed to create an HTML5 version
it'll happen eventually I'm sure. We're all way too driven. I'm gonna attempt sleep BUT you should get at us in a few hours lol
the world is a beautiful place! :)
hola! :) how was your day??
haha I take it you watched the new episode?
thanks for the story. He was one of the 5 (!) conductors tonight.
Which, obviously, likely has a lot to do w/relationship quality, gender roles, assertiveness, etc. Is certainly big piece.
Working 10-5 tomorrow at Some of you jackasses owe me a visit. Stop by and accommodate me.
Thanks for the follow!
The new #Shins album is not banal.
Mark 3/3/2011 for Fresh's next social media conference in Seattle at CenturyLink Events Center with an incredible line-up & a VIP keynote!
<3 <3 <3 sending you good karma and hoping you have a great support network...
there's a meteor shower tonight?!?
My best friend wants to be asked in front of a huge group of people and she has so many 'requirements' so freaking picky bro.
Its Hillarious wHen People Start Stereo Typing
(c) people think its so funny when people have eating disorders, do you know how hurtful that is? I know over 10 people that do (c)
": Release your product when it sort of works, not when it's gr8. Via ceo"
I already miss you .):
FUCK FUCKK FUCKKK. THERE BETTER BE ULTIMATE VIP FOR NEXT WEEK.
#ThingsMyExSaid "You beat me!" Ha. Yea right. Grow up.
Hi - It depends on the route and day? Email me at and I can assist you further.
i used to love tokio hotel.
just now peeling from sunburn...
Yep, John Mayer was in Dinkytown last night ... More to come hopefully.
I liked when Ally McBeal used "Snapish" :)
Student answer "To make money", "to meet/exceed customers expectations while maintaining profitability", "to increase stockholder shares"
i'd tap that, and i'm straigh! hahahahah
yay!! Sounds great!
Yes. I believe there are aliens in my house. THEY MAKE SOUNDS OKAY
Eli, because he's gone through the growing pains Sanchez still has to weather.
Nothing I say will make you come back.
dude, we totally kicked 💩💩💩 on SOHCAHTOA today
Way to go Gary Drinkel
Maintenance on the Places API is taking longer than expected, writes are still being deferred. Expect things to be back up in ~60 min
people will respond to content relevant to them we want every #digitalsignage screen to display relevant ads, this is our
REALLY REALLY REALLY unhappy with the new Xbox Live interface. Good going Microsoft, you just gave us the "Vista" of Xbox UIs!
Chen is the #Orioles best pitcher right now and it's not even close.
15 minutes kettlebell. Can't walk. Must be good workout. ;)
I lol at tweets
We just picked up a Fish tales. "Rock the boat"
in addition, white people are at their guttiest and scrappiest when coming off the bench in the NBA.
RT if you'll be adding tribal print to your closet this weekend!!
eh, private practice = small business = time consuming. I'd rather stick to private personal Tx. You??
So was that Daphne's plan? Make the black team weak & then go home?
Know your audience. If he has a pole up his butt, you should talk like you have a pole up your butt, too, or else he won't respect you.
Thank you for signing the petitions. We appreciate your support!
Avatar the Last Airbender Marathon.. Hell Yeah.
Thanks man! Honored to be in company with those names too!
happy Monday #ROC!
You have greatness within you. Everyone does. It is your job to dig deep down and find it. When you do - give it all your energy.
I'm in love with this situation.
Thanks for the shout out!
wish I could have made it to #NPFaces. Next time!
I can't believe I am going to see a great friend next Friday after 7 years!
I just love this new car it only took a 1/4 of a tank to get from Cincinnati to Indianapolis
Defend it, now!
i am hoping i make bank in gift from graduation so i can go shopping for cute clothes for uni !
Most children with ADD have combined hyperactive-impulsive and inattentive ADD.
#TeamiPhone 📱 But I never use FaceTime. 😒
I just swallowed a diet coke the wrong way and coughed for three and half minutes.
Lol @ Illuminati's Very Youngest. x]
NOT IMPRESSED WITH #2PAC hOLOGRAM should be showing off other good talent out right now.. #coachella really?
Scattered showers and storms expected throughout the day.
Put on your walking shoes and let Vintage Venice Reel to Real, or LA Active Adventures take you for a tour today!
Neither, actually :) So it's extra awesome!
we should get our Sargents together for a party.
Taking a trip to Dolphin mall
Laughing...in a town full of special diets (celebrity, vegan, paleo) you should see the looks I get when refusing tomatoes. Esp ketchup. Ha!
They say
* old school rap is what i mainly listen to .
I FOUND YOU.♥ HAHAH FINALLY!
At a #Braves game and it's raining. ARGH.....
Potentially nasty winter blast for you guys: Mix changing over to heavy, wet snow. Think spring, though! It's one month away!
But it's 's "Jesus is a Buiscuit" that takes the cake as most infectious slogan.
That awkward moment when you realize stole your bra...
sorry about that. The child has to be at the game. I'm sure you can understand why. Have a good time & enjoy the free cake!
I haven't been good about tweeting out shows.. Room 5 tomorrow, 8 p.m. Come!
RT "The highest reward for a person's work is not what they get for it, but what they become from it." - John Ruskin
A Maryland first: Protecting employee & job seeker Facebook passwords, discussing on air at 1 pm Midday on the Law
Was the phone the guard got u just lifted from a civilian? How often were u able to use it? There are so many I wish I could ask u
Just a bad sports weekend all around at all levels...
Thx for RT. Your website is down? Can't click it from your twitter profile
I thought the three proud words were "Designed in California."
I wish I woulda gone with you guys instead! Like I hadn't seen this friend in years so I went with her and it was bad
No doubt Chicago teachers made up for the 4% pay cut by taking 95% of the blame for education's malfunctions
Okay people I do not care how your fantasy baseball draft went. While you are busy looking at that all season I am going to be running.
For the first time ever I pumped my fists for the Celtics. I retain my Laker fan card, though. ;)
I'm my own grandpa
Trying to make garden purchase but having trouble with the registry...some items not linked & no shipping address provided. :(
it's back now. Finally a resume game is on my start up page and the file is back. What happens?
When your actions revolve around your priorities rather than how you feel, your powers of accomplishment are ignited~ #execute#
Just saw an old lady walking around with a YOLO shirt on... Classy
I miss my boy :(
What might have been lost...
Now more than ever a #Writer can #Change the Course of #History…
one of the only things that got me out of bed was the fact that i'm seeing you later today <3
if she wearin k swiss
Thank you Andy, you fabulous thing, you! XOXO
not as far as I know, but I'm not an expert.
Am i look like Badgirl ? ;/
are you the next star on Big Bang Theory? Some crazy stuff you are into. Wish I understood more of it.
haven't looked at that one yet. have a lot of issues w the mac to outlook issue. most programs won't sync.
twitter I spend hours on twitter
Got that loud on deck though lmao
let's let up on the roid rage their AJ...just a little respect for long time old school eh?
You're totally welcome! What'd you have? RT : Thanks to , I know what I'm eating for dinner! :)
Now you want me and I don't want u.no more, that's the reason why I'm stiff on dese hoes
Exercising my green thumb so that random cat that jumped out at me last night won't have anywhere to hide
Yeah, i'm tired of the computer for the day... see you guys around class time..
Guess who's got a new album coming out this year????!!! (:
Details about JIST's newest books, Best Jobs for the 21st Century & Best Resumes for College Students and New Grads! bit.ly/3ih0QG
hey i am here
we'll save you a seat!
in conflict between the rider and the elephant wins (flight and fight), happens to kids all the time
Enjoying some Irish tunes at the Old Triangle on a sunny Sunday afternoon.
First Day Of School walking into class and u seeing the people and thinking " I'm screwed /: "
Up tomorrow at 7:30am in the Bay Area? I'm talking golf biz on radio's Hooked On Golf w/ & Mitch Juricich
for sure
I'm literally watching cartoons while in a second wide split against the wall… it hurts!!!
Thanks, Dario. It helped that you were a great client. Hope to hear you soon!
the other Wesley! xD .. that'd be a cool rodent name actually o.o
Thanks Grandma... 😳
In what world does the fan's experience trump $? College sports is a multi-billion dollar business. Its not about students anymore.
Stop on through soon!
Heard a commercial on the radio and it talked about blogging about bacon... so I thought about
: & I r standing in the rain waiting 4the show. Diet Dew for a yr if u text Shiben 2come out 2get us.
Off to check out Portland, Everyone talks about how it's a great place to live....
Nice Nikon photos | Everything you need to know about photography
HAHAHA. That explains why my meter wouldn't take my money...
Dang, there were lots of freshman wearing slutty skirts today
The Olympic mountains look amazing today! It's a beautiful day in Seattle.
everyday is a struggle lol...i'm here studio flow right now..mixtape dropping memorial day weekend
Starbucks needs a new marketing strategy for Oz. Snowflakes on cups don't resonate when we're heading into a hot summer, temp already 95 :)
oh i didnt know u live in Nap...where evrybdy b kickn it at?
Really? You are still tweeting press releases in 2012?
Tyler's talk with on about Endangered Maryland will now take place on Thursday, Feb. 9 at noon on
Really ? Breaking news is considered petition boxes being paraded into a building? Stupid. I want
Duke can eat it too. Stupid blue teams. :(
Done tape digitizing for the day (haven't heard that in awhile). Shot list time.
You are trying to get more followers by this insight? :-)
Carmen: "Spy work? That's easy. Keeping a family together? That's difficult. And that's the mission worth fighting for." 😊 *end*
Need a sign, a slap, a reaction or something, want to make the most for fam, fill the other half of jar, gotta make it happen!
company and represents the portion of a claim that you have agreed to pay.
omg it's so embarrassing! Lol I want to laugh so much and my legs twitch. It's too funny.
Mia you are right on! Our current health care system pricing needs reasonable consistency!!!
Like in Sneakers the machine is inaccessible/remote whereas in GWDT, we are constantly reminded of the intimacy btw computer and user
Happy Monday to all our fans! It was a tall peppermint mocha kindof a weekend for us... what was your drink of choice this weekend?
Getting the new jams ready for November !!
You were 10,000? Cool! You win my cousinly friendship for the rest of your life!
I love Turner's energy right now.
I'm glad Tennessee playing a 3-4 next year. Gives the lbs a chance to make some plays.
me 2!!!! You are not the only one lol
How might we leverage theories of identity, embodiment, and the posthuman to talk about the May Day protests and "violence"?
Delta 186 delayed due to weather...we dont have that in SAN
agreed. that makes me so sad for you. I don't drink much... just one cup a day. the need for me is purely psychological.
yes! Sno Balls and Zingers are my favorites, too. I'll let you know if I find them. Don't eat those often. Always savored.
Studies show taller men earn more money than shorter men
THEY DIDN'T EVEN SHOW THE BOYZ ENOUGH. WTF.
I've never been in prison, but I'm at the DMV. I imagine they aren't too dissimilar.
If i could live in New Jersey for a week i would be so happy!!(:
Roses are cherry Violets are berry; Stop talking about Valentine's Day, bitch it ain't February. . .
yes Alex you do! Hurry up!
Ah, yes, must return to see how things have changed since socialism...any marketing director's positions open? LOL
nope it's out of our maternal instincts to protect the feet of half naked drunk 12 year olds
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about jumping in and learning how to ride out the waves.
Thanks for the add
Don't you dare think you can walz right in and steal my man! He's mine back the fuck up! #Fuckin'Sluts
Oh dear... that looks so goo, ! Enjoy! :)
Dr. Oz's Health Tip: Eat more fiber to boost your metabolism. You’ll feel full and eat less.
Me too!! #BFV was the only show I watched :/ RT I sure miss thursday's :(....
What did you say?
Night Boat!
lol I WANT
Cheers Ian!
One sad truth about ourselves is that we always know what's right for others, while we don't know what's right for ourselves.
13 minutes! Get to the grandstands while you still can!
For me, there are too many spineless punks running loose these days....refusing to take responsibility for their actions.
Well at least he can be known for something!
Without looking, what do you have on your feet right now?
haha no worries. all im sayin is theres a whole slew of prescription drugs that allow people to continue living unhealthy lives
dirty blonde lol
Think you're funny, think you're smart. You might be good looking, but you're not a piece of art.
help me help u ;) RT: I'm addicted to Little Big Burger... help me
San Diego Restaurant Week 1/16/11 to 1/21/11 For a complete list of restaurants visit San Diego Restaurant Week-San Diego.org
lol what are pants.
Today im officially a Knick fan fuck the Heat .Can u say 1st rd upset?
what are we talking about? Hootsuite won't show me the whole convo.
Guy friends>>>>>
tel me about it lmao!!!!
I'm dealing with this love affair.
Shutup! He rocked that luke skywalker getup!
Delivery before Christmas...8 chrome Illuminated windshields left at special price of $267.50 each. To order go to www.darksideshields.com
Ciao ciao! Come stai?
random fact: do not attempt to saber a champagne bottle with a plastic cork
There are things I care about and things I don't. Today there is a very thick line between them.
technically, wouldn't that be joining S.H.I.E.L.D.?
Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!
I still have one more on friday "/
#marketing RT : I have a good post coming up on #SEO Tips for Corporate Bloggers, anyone looking for a guest post for their blog?
When you look in the mirror think to yourself "Holy toledo, I'm Chaka mf'n Khan!" Or do you have no idea of the power you weld?
So many presenters reference Byram as foundational--and a Byram quote has been featured prominently in #icc2012 material since the CFP
In 2011, video marketing strategies blossomed, but thanks to Pinterest 2012 is the year of images. Video will be back.
Sounds heavenly!
I agree.
Tyshawn Taylor could have ended the game by dribbling out the clock.
Why do people pay the bums on the side of the road? Just curious.
I'm like having a heart attack here :/
ES FLOWER THANK YOU FOR THE FOLLOWING WARNING JA
somebody just showed up to our office insistent that she had scheduled a meeting about sports bras. wrong office sista
Going swimming this morning.
Artist and Djs from all markets follow record breaker and turntable specialist with 2 radio shows
#BachelorMonday with the lovely
I love the second one.
Tagging Tuesday Thank You for all that you do!
Honestly, would it kill u to just say I'm sorry and move forward?
thank you Ashley
What are better than Boy Beliebers? BOY MAHOMIES! Why? Because almost every guy hates Austin for 'copying' Justin.
My playlist is so random.
no go away and you shut up and fuck off thans loviie
I hope my Austin friends and my friends at go see tonight at the Paramount Theatre. 7 pm folks.
Congratulations to the
Beautifully said. I agree. RT : I grew up with the Beastie Boys. So many childhood memories. Cancer sucks.
Honestly, I think once PT rotates out it'll be a non-issue. Nothing with ETB effects in current standard is NEARLY as good
Why can't I be Steven Spielberg
tweets are perf
what are you doing here!?!!
Happy Easter, people!
Well the decision has been made. We're going to Key West for vacation this summer.
bloody hell? I met u before?
They should trade for him if it gets Izturis off the roster.
Watching the voice
Awesome, thank you so much for the recommendations!
now followed
I'm not exactly struggling - I'm just a slow painter. Struggles with myself. But I'm managing it.
I used to love taking that direct from John Wayne, your customer service was amazing :)
Blogging is not Journalism
Spot on my couch..check! TV channel on TNT..check! Ready to watch the #Lakers take #Game7... U KNO IT!
baby it's all a joke.
hey pll to day is my b-day im going to be 13 and im so happy
I need to get good and drunk this weekend. That is a real life fact.
pop-folk is what I make and love! will listen.
I was just talking to my nephew about Taxi Driver, he said ” oh, that movie with Jimmy Fallon”.
Sometimes in think that I'm too good of a #friend. That's when a friend of mine buys me a drink. :-P
you tweet TOO MUCH!!
Don't miss Zac Brown Band w/ Sonia Leigh & Nic Cowan TONIGHT FBL Tix still available @ Hardees Thickburger Box Office right now!
10 Points Define A Good Restuarant Website: 2. Professional graphic design Level to show your website.
They have a great bar and raw menu too. :)
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 5
The Funger Games omg.
Louis Tomlinson is perfection. seriously, in the dictionary under the word perfection, should be a huge picture of his face.
i love you , goodmorning baby .
I didn't have lunch. Because glasses can't eat D; lolol
thanks! so excited for tonights game man
...walking up to people discussing the characters on a TV show and saying, "Those people aren't real! How can you discuss this?"
Very thankful for the high client retention rates we have produced over the past few years. Speaks volumes for our performance!
Currently in limbo about to make a move may ne for the best if not lol who cares another lesson to learn.
Baby hair-stylists must have one of the most challenging professions.
Thanks for the RT Uncle Bill! ;-)
THIS SATURDAY! An evening of jazz at Eldorado High School with The Albuquerque Jazz Orchestra and special guest, jazz pianist Alan Pasqua.
I miss you ladies SO much. This Rooster does NOT play well with others at 6am.
Santorum has a daughter identical twin sister who looks exactly like him but with long hair.
James Harden bout to EAT.
come to austin!
lol, Osama was killed a year ago today
Okay, now back to work! ;)
ONLINE REGISTRATION CLOSES MONDAY, October 31st at midnight. If you would like to register after the 31st, you can register at the Expo!
Me-the black and white dance is white girl or boy with black girl or boy -no there isn't enough black people to go around
Here Come The Hot Stepper, I'm A Lyrical Gangsta...
not that obvious tho
Thank you for the follow
Going to Sleep No More on Saturday night, and my confirmation email says, "Guests may encounter intense psychological situations."
Missed the Anita O'Day bio pic. Anyone catch that?
Jimmy johns ; freaky fast. Except at 11 am .
Hey would you be willing to sign a ugly doll and we will auction it off for our charity???
In the city, a funeral is just an interruption of traffic; in the country, it is a form of popular entertainment. George Ade
Cool weather, great ride and Olpe steaks for dinner. Now that's a banner Tuesday night!
the people want to know: was there a bourbon chicken category?
Pizza, cookies & mountain dew for lunch. Yum :)
How much do you usually spend at the MOMS Sale - and what do you get for it?
#LastTimeIChecked I'm single & I can do whatever & talk to whoever I want to talk.
ahaa wish u all the best:)
you hating ass lier!
I know, right! I really liked the hulk in this one.
: Got my first card of the season? Honestly, refs just don't like me... I play rough
Heart Attack by Trey Songz is my new jam!
haha, well instead of my home workout, I watched American Idol...
Is that article supporting censorship as a catalyst for social change? As far as I know that's never been an effective method.
no dude thats so bad of me dude im so sorry
#GoodMorning Y'all
I just read my horoscope for 2012. Now I can't wait for next year! (Fingers crossed!)
Anyone know where I can purchase a pair of rubber/latex free cleaning gloves? Everywhere I look they are nowhere to be found.
Yeah alright!
witch brings me back to what I was saying and it took u this long to see what we all are saying clown ur a ship jumper
Our Jr. Olympic swimming pool is heated and has a separate wading pool as well as a sun deck.
Nope. Hopefully he can come on later in the second half. Probably will if we cant score a goal in the next 30 mins
Boss pved bc I use rad & give him grief for skills w a z. That's right. "Mad skillz."
Hahaha oh I love it. Change from being an immature asshole to just immature. Whatever.
Clippers better win
I wish I would have gone to bed sooner.
but that's okay your cutee so it don't matter C; haha
Oh no, cooties!
Prediction: You'll be hearing strains of "Volare" at 3 minutes past the hour and half-hour on every single newsradio station in the country.
Wow I'm fighting more than 2 enemies at a time in #dragonquest ix now. Even fought a boss that attacks twice per turn!
oh brother where art thou... love the soundtrack
Enjoyed a productive Historic Preservation and #Zoning Committee meeting tonight. Long live the accessory dwelling unit.
Only 50 days until #EDCNY! RT If you are excited. Don't procrastinate, get your now.
sales tax that will bring in $120 million a year to education increase sports music and art, and focus on girls sports 2
I'll sleep when I'm dead.
#genomesolver #curenet closing day by looking at curenet site and thinking about what further developments are needed.
Are there some Dream Killers in the audience?! Do some people allow the founding principles to be forgotten?
Is a $600 profit for two eyes of lasik worth the aggravation of a Deal of the Day promotion? I have one client reevaluating it.
Nothing is ever lost by courtesy. It is the cheapest of pleasures, costs nothing, and conveys much. - Erastus Wiman
Thanks for coming out! Enjoy the show? :)
Do you remember the song? Did you just stop and go "Wow what was that?!?!"
That doesn't sound good.
pshht I would gladly move in after but a lil birfie told me u were all leaving
#thevoice - loved Adam's dudeism - that's like your opinion man!
Yeah girrllzzz just reacked that stage
Did just address President Obama as Mr.?
wake and bake!
wow. just found out sumthin bad bout my bf, found out that a guy broke up with his gf for me, and my feelings for my guy r slowly leaving...
drive faster.
My baby girl just got her first haircut! She did so good!
Sick and tired of being sick and tired. :(
Way to Go!
Sleezy Tom Delay got what he deserves. Typical corrupt Republican.
THANKS for your great TWEET!
4 year old Armoni Overton is one of the lucky one. She has managed to find a perch atop her grandad's shoulders.
oh yeah. you know it.
"...The blues remembers everything the country forgot."
Great idea! re: unpaidendorsements.com. Taking customer reviews to the next level
RT It is not fair to ask of others what you are not willing to do yourself. -Eleanor Roosevelt
where in Ky? If Louisville, check out the Ali museum
“: Loyal girls deserve the best.”
yeah I figured that... it's all good.
One Nation Under God, Indivisible, With Liberty and Justice for All. Thank you Obama.
Can't sleep when I need to. Million things on my mind & can't think straight. Stomach in knots. Ugh
Just watched the AMA's. Sorry Bieber, but saying "shawty" doesn't make you look any less like a little girl. A hot little girl.
Getting close to 100 followers! Let's do this Sacramento! If you Love #Sandwiches and #downtownSac Please RT!
Newt Gingrich speaking to a couple hundred at Marquette
RT : Ticket for fishers super sectional on sale Monday from 7 am-6 pm and Tuesday from 7-9 am. Tickets $8
Get the fuck in West Ham!!!
haha Im so jealous right now (: I wish would tweet me "hi babe" too (; lol
Well I'd like to see some photographic evidence ===> Don't like old grizzled construction guys? We're not...yet
WTR TV are interested in interviewing Devin the Dude when he come to perform in Cleveland. Contact Khris 216-712-8544
Morning folks!
make sure you hit up #PARTYRIOT #MAY27th at the #ayvacenter... Get back at me and we could chop it up
I was JW y u don't do those fan parties at the CMA FEST?? This fan is just dying 2 party w/u!! Would u at least think about it?? XOXO
,Megyn you where the only one on fox I still had soundness in, now w/the 2socalled lawlars?got2make her guilty ??how at all cost
Thank you thank you thank you woo BEST IN THE WEST RANGERS!!
miss & love you to pieces... how is life in the world of the amazing mr wilson? <3
Hi ! How's the Houston office doing today? Denver is taking off soon for the JA bowl-a-thon. =)
Yes, indeed! RT how good was that Nero d'Avola! Impressive! More pls!
One month anniversary of me being in San Diego
I agree. I thought it was a joke when I saw it in my inbox this morning.
Hi Jessica! Wanted to let you know I enjoyed you so much on the One Love Cruise...blessings!
+1 RT : My vote: instead of speaking in terms of "digital" humanities, we talk in broader terms of "open humanities" as an ethos.
THE STATION LOOKS SO MUCH BETTER WHEN INSTAGRAMED, DOESN'T IT?!?
Gee thanks!
If you were driving home and listening to the radio and heard a tornado warning, what would be the first thing you would do?
definitely. and a skip-it.
It should its just not a flavor you taste on the regular
San Francisco festooned in fog is the mot beautiful thing in the world
I crack myself up.
The Colts are All-American Burger and 18 is Brad Hamilton.
LOVE the old man in the computer lab watching kate bush videos and laughing
Certain things/people just have to grow on me.
so you go to barnes and nobles right as i get off work. i see how it is ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I've never been to the Special Olympics but I imagine they're just like watching Eli Manning host
Come on , turn this game around...
We're attending the #Webcamp unconference & the #WebWise conference this wk learning abt heritage & technology!
John Moon will lecture and give an historic photographic slideshow about the Port of Portland. 12/6, noon-1pm in the Rines Auditorium.
Hate having the flu slept all day still sick and I should just go back to bed now but thinking about playing more online poker
I am the nite man.
we weren't planning to...hang out for the whole thing! :)
Yay finally got my acceptance letter SUNY purchase here I come!
Eating BFG in my car, alone...
I'm about to start THE PROPHET, just finished THE KINGDOM - good job with creepy (not cute) ghosts
already got the new album. It's pretty dope, that's all that is needed to say
Didn't realize you were there! Hope it was helpful.
Excellence: Raising the level of what is considered to be success.
Thanks! Glad you liked it :)
I change the date on my homework to make it seem like I did it earlier.
Is your New Years resolution .. Good Credit??
ConfessionHour IS STILL TRENDING???? An hour was up a whole day ago!!!
kia brings happiness!! ;-)
#UShouldNeverTrust someone who cheats
No excuses. Had two Power Plays in OT and couldn't do anything. Game four needs to be more physical. Play #Flyers hockey
Sounds good, Thanks! I'm out between 10 & 3 tomorrow, but will otherwise be free.
I wanna take my drug and alcohol test already.
Note to Romney: Personally, I remember everyone I've assaulted over the years. It's called character.
A brand new series of pics on the way for my fave guys...you know who you are.
Number of slides is important! Use more slides than normally would in classroom session. Use graphics
Nice meeting you guys yesterday!
Welcome gurl.. going to the concert...yaaaay RT : I'm here with in Atlanta!!!
Did I mention that I am *slightly* irritated we won't be able to see the #Avengers Friday night since has a dance performance
I'm goin to buy them all so I'll have them all if you don't wanna go out and buy them yourself.
Oh honey, I can relate
you know ill always be here for you mija :P
Hope Everyone Had a Great Weekend.............
Saturday nights at #ClubIbizaDC is the only party in DC with over 2500 people...Come see for yourself 2nite: 21+ Free All night
RT if someday you where having a real bad case of Bieber Fever ;D and you this day can stop thinking about he :D
#ff We are walking with them to raise funds and awareness!
Anything to keep you happy, babe.
What's your favorite Southern Comfort Food?
S/O to the guy who hit my body with a his car today. My arm now kills. Thank you for that.
"I cant wait to get out this biiiiiatch"
I could read the transcripts back for you, if you like
I'd never let yu go :)
That awkward moment when creeps on your twitter conversations
welcome to Milwaukee!
self diagnosis = disaster. I already have to be an educated consumer while being a needy patient. I'm sick. no time/energy for that
Yes, it's real. Don't be ridiculous. There are different levels, but it's REAL baby...and it's SPECTACULAR!
Yeah, you guys are so cute :)
i lost my ipod
#preach RT : You'll never experience better long as you keep goin back to the same ol' shit. Believe that.
My condolences to
let's chill!
