Hey I need to print - does the presenters lounge do that?? (I'm a presenter)
no not yet
In line for a ride. Sweating. Seems to be the theme for the day. But, Bella is having fun.
Why is Nicolet girls looking for a varsity bball coach? Just won state year before last...Corey must be on the move...\
it also reminded me of when we played have you met Ted & that 1 winner that 2 hated rodgers bc he got him kicked out a bar
Dancing with the stars is always so sexy to me ... I want to dance with somebody like that
Is thee bestt. Go follow her. Cause shess cool. Not me. So.. Follow it upp!
No press is bad press. The more attention we give him, the more coverage he gets, the more people think he represents Arizona.
Hope everyone enjoys
are you planning on entering?
Memphis ballin but they take some immature shots... Like North Divison shots
OMG boring ass day ..
This street?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🌻
Happy Mothers Day
lol i can't help it
i have mostvof ur quotes written down in my binder!!! I'm not giving up yet soon imma have dem all!!!:)
Hey Mark, sorry we couldn't connect. Maybe next time!
I quite like , too. I just want to squeeze him.
Awesome day out and big ten championship game on, to bad I have to go to work.
So efing happy that I could sing my original song at 's show on friday!
Was absolutely AMAZING tonight!!! His performance blew me away! I love him to death! <3
Aw....little baby search engines. RT : Oh my God the Google doodle today is SO GOOD.
pictures please
Did wellwood have a shift tonight?
Done. Going to sleep. Last final of sophomore year in the morning. See y'all on the other side.
The world may never know...
Thanks, Miriam and congratulations on the pub of your article!
I no that I'm really really really good
anytime! What are brother in laws for. 😃
people wonder why i have a small circle of friends, maybe because everyone s flaw af and dont know what it means to be a friend
cleavage is so awesome. it's like the top of two boobs high-fiving each other.
Ditto. RT : Some snow would be rad. Just sayin.
...no...u have her brother.... ally is mine
Kris Boyd: "I really fancyd comin to America..." Love it.
#NP: Flava In Ya Ear- Craig Mack
thx for the follow, how ya like #innotech so far?
Oh yeah but it has its days is that really u in the twitter picture?
so cute! love!
I want to watch a news station that shares all of the good stories and testimonies that happen in the world to pick us up from the bad.
WHAT EVEN KINGS. WHAT.
RT : Cleaning of starts Friday! Ready 2 Rock n Roll
got your message! Would love to chat about the zoo, if y'all would like! Looks like fun in the classroom there at WCLA.
i'm loving Dave Grohl on the drums with Sir Paul!!!!
You had me at "I remember Legends of the Hidden Temple."
I dont wanna go to school T_T
Scott Jurek tells Cookie Monster he can't eat cookies all the time if he runs an ultra marathon. "Dream... shortlived," Cookie says.
RT: You can't make the right decisions all the time. But you can learn from wrong ones every time.
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE!!!!! hope y'all have a great day laterr in the day... And drink.... Apple cider... :) classic (:
thanks for meeting w FU web advisory group. Hope u get to enjoy downtown G'ville tonight.
haha that's a good one 😂
Sitting at duggers playin trivia and questions are about twitter and facebook and I haveno idea
That's good..i'm good
How many times can I break till I'm shattered?
Time go by too fast lately ..slow dwn
“: THG DOESN'T HAVE A FUCKING TRIO KATNISS PEETA AND GALE DON'T DO SHIT TOGETHER STOP” Amen. You tell them.
Alcohol is magic. Removes clothes, opens legs and erases memories.
I am working. I was reading on the bus ride to the office this morning.
welcomes Michael Swartz as Fleance/Son in Voodoo Macbeth- Staged Reading
Watched for the very first time Titanic... One of the best movies I've ever seen!
Why would a publisher put a really large red sports car grille on the cover & every chapter title page of a quant book in 2012?
Is there anything worse than Mondays? Well let us help you get through this one, the best cure for the Mondays is a first rate
GoodNight Twitter
need a STAFF #ACCOUNTANT with heavy ACCOUNTS PAYABLE in Largo/ Clearwater - send resume ASAP
ok, so we are filming a food series in Tampa and we EVERYONE is talking about you guys!
Bisa is a derraggatory term used by Mexican Americans to describe mexican immigrants who havnt yet assimilated to american culture
happy mothers day :)
When boys hold u close and kiss u Cheergirl<333
is the football team having a fan day? Last year was like the first Saturday in august...haven't heard anything this year
It's very upsetting to see you go home! :(
I read Rimbaud’s Illuminations tonight. Did not connect at all. Must be missing something crucial.
Disney Studio Chief Out Over John Carter, Was It Really That Bad? Before John Carter was even released, analysts were forecasting an impe
thanks! Can't wait to put our baby boy in it!
Why use dermal fillers? They replace a gradual loss of the 3 major components of the dermis layer - collagen, elastin, and hyaluronic acid.
my wife would concur - just brought her her's :)
Anytime. Keep up the great work over there!
I wanna be naked and your sober.
Welcome to the team Lisa Adkins, and Shawn Livengood!!!!!
HEY! Want some Hot Cocoa?! First 5 People to come say "25 days 'til Christmas" will receive a FREE tall HC!! Hurry before the day's over!
Now you have the opportunity to buy nationwide event tickets just sitting back at your home - Call us now: 888-493-0004
May your life get a 5-cupcake rating ~ Chelsea Pressman (from inkBLOT : the Novel)
I have yours
By using this service, you accept our Terms of Use
Radio personality: "Having a white out snow storm on MLK Day would be great. And fitting." Really? Really. Really!
How late do you guys play on Saturday? I'm going to be in MKE on Saturday night...
RT : Miami the next Mecca for music mark my fucking words....
We would like that very much.
lol well u might need to hire an assistant
I don't know much about basketball. But have good handle on football, soccer, cycling, and baseball. More CFB than NFL...but still
Khloe Kardashian's nose job looks great!
My life was much happier when Big Bang Theory was on on Monday nights.
Oh this time I just really don't want Brooks Conrad at first base lol
Hahaha, what can I say? They love me! RT you're following the wingzza truck, too? Got all the CLT restaurants on lock.
Yes! RT : Will leftover Texas + House sauces make a good BBQ chicken pizza? Likely.
Words are powerful. Words can heal or hurt, liberate or imprison in walls of anger. You are an author. Use words mindfully to give life.
don't worry I think guys tht dance are hot ! Don't listen to THISE kids you know it's not true<3 you do wht u love <3
when is Ur next show?
It's a bright new day!
lol cute : Sophia to me this morning... "Don't you have a shower to take?" Man, am I feeling the love from my daughter. NOT! lol
A little depressed that this woman on "Hoarders" has a condemned house, yet her lawn somehow looks better than mine.
(3) trolley! greatly dissatisfied with the lack of effort. so much money has been put forth to improve the trolley station and SDMTS
It was our honor featuring you this month for our Giving Treat Charity Program ! Keep up all your good work!
Being a part of HISTORY! first ever #EDCNYC AND ILL BE THERE!
Is MLs extension still visible from the moon, or is it masked by the long grass from his nearby land?
EASY JUST FOLLOW THE RULES AN YOU'LL BE GOOD
oh no! LOL
its like a shorter version of "you already know" lol
You, sir, look like one cool dude. How did you bump into us?
Lance Nix crushes a 2 RUN HOMER and it's 4-0.
Cuddled up and ready for bed. Tomorrows a
not much, Christmas and new years was ok. What's up how was Christmas and new year
but what happened?
Why do I love the smell of my tomato plants even more than tasting the tomatoes? That smell must be bottled!
congrats! , librarian, and shorty award winner!
Gotta make plays Hans! Just get all seasons Friday Night Lights. You can't go wrong with that!
last night was the,worst night...smh ATL weather has me so sick!
...and starting your second cycle of P90X is pretty cool too. ;]
Oh my god. Oh my god. Just read about the Mo injury
It's just emotion, taking me over. Caught up in sorrow.
“: If you like a girl, tell her. If you don't like her, don't lead her on. #GuyRules #JustSayin”
I think u should still go with him, it be cool. And for the record, I'm not gay
Enjoying on the #Emmys promos and wondering when we're catching up next
Is ursher dead .... Fb says he is !
Just bought a 55inch for my room? Not sure if that was smart lol!!!
TGIF! I am going to a luau, go-cart racing, and two baseball games. What will you be doing?
- my phone like a Hotline!
go to sleep bro
Indeed. Go have a hooterriffic day, sir!
Today we are working on the business. Currently working with the healthcare community on providing the best IT support in Houston.
Instead of playing the "What am I going to have for lunch?" game just come by Wet Stone. It's a win-win for everyone! Open at 11:00am...
LAdies love me is my new summer song ;')
#demf Michael Geiger at fest and Omar S at 1515 were the BEST parts of yesterday. Writing at Avalon, then fix blown bike tube. See u soon.
Memphis on the mind
Beliebers and directioners can all get along!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ILOVEU ANSWER!
“: New 3 rep Hang Squat Clean is 225lbs, 40lb PR! ” great work..that's a huge jump!
I'm doing the #Twooping thing too just like the coolest dude ever
I know you're like the liberal king but didn't u find Rick kinda dreamy tonight? He has a little bit of a Christ vibe lol
so jealous!
dang. What r u here for?
#CoffeeConnections - Great discussion on social media. (@ InterContinental Milwaukee
Hello how are? my life and are all with my
Its ok:) i guess ill get my chance soon...im actually really happy for everyone who got tickets:D
Teaching without electricity? Challenge accepted! Can't wait until Period 5!
good people can do so much to help you get through a too long, otherwise frustrating shoot. but thats a wrap! on my happy scenes, that is...
Just seen Wall Street 2 and for fuck sake Carey Mulligan STOP crying in every scene!
"Perhaps too much of everything is as bad as too little." Hitting' the keys w/Alter Bridge playing. It's a good day, Voodoo
Mom said no bc we are going in April 21 for the walk..
« Bet is blasting on everybody's speakers today !»
Kind of last minute but who can make Cat-Tails this Thursday night? in NYC
I exist, I really do exist!
RT : Don't think I let the day go by without another lawsuit against the Federal Gov't. One coming any minute.
PLEASE can I get a tweet?! :)
Boss ya life up
Pub Trivia tonight @ 7:30pm! Come on in and enjoy food and drink specials and have a good laugh!
You and your rumors…both get around
Realized I forgot to eat before leaving the house this morning.
haha that rules. Thanks so much! Richmond was preetttyy awesome.
favorite past time?
Proverbs 14:4 Without oxen the stables are clean. // No oxen...no crap to clean up. No problems. But, you also don't get any fields plowed.
great insight in this article
can We stay at your house after so no curfew? I have a drive early so We can Just say we dropped you off early that morning
Absolutely can't wait to see this Saturday at Seminole Hard Rock and I am excited to share our exclusive interview with him!
if you follow me, I'l run down my st. screaming . Stay Grand! Stand Grand!&If You're Not weird, you're not GRAND!+ I'd Cry.
Off to Clovis for Thanksgiving dinner. Very thankful for all my wonderful family & friends!
Using Twitterfall to chat today.
oh yay haha I thought you meant me too 😄
RT I Dont care How Comfortable Crocs Are, You Look Like A Dumbass..
Last chance to weigh in "we need a bucket or we need a basket" so far stats say over 40years say basket under say bucket.
-i pray for you before i get to me; smh.. now that's love to the 3rd degree..
thanks for following. Hope we can work together some day.
iM having a great day now thanks to you Dizzle.
A Cinderella Movie is one of my many favorites
The only good vibrations The Beach Boys will be getting is from a defibrillator.
Foreign Beggars were way better when they were hip hop. I can hardly listen to their dubstep records.
for what to get rid of yur wood or is it to get mornin head?? Lmao
We won't need to wait for Matt Taibbi to die to call him a douche. He proved categorically that he has no class what so ever
So...can I ask you? What do you wish you had known before IVF #1? I am nervous to start IVF.
i just want to know if jr will win today
You really think she is? C'mon?!
RT : Registration for summer sessions & the fall semester has started. Registration for summer sessions will be until 4/21 & 5/2...
“: "I had a prankish sense of humor as a kid," said Romney. "Who among us hasn't shoved a crippled kid down the stairs?"”
Happy New Year from the American Botanical Council!
oh wait, they only give options to only allow friends. that's weird.
I miss my colleagues back in Cork. NYU & UCLA great but I'm not faculty there - it's a different relationship. Miss the team.
I'm foolin with it man keep goin!
Oh my god becky, look at her butt!!
The Exit Polls in SC tell the story. It appears to be an intollerance vote against Romney by 45%.
hold on, I gotcha
Welcome to the club! We made I <3 beard shirts. As a STH your wardrobe will become all shades of blue with SKC related themes
House passes 20 percent small biz tax cut - Politico
needs some help i graduated so i might be able to help?
EXPLODING Fast & FURIOUS Scandal : WHAT did OBAMA know, and WHEN did he know it.....
Major League on HBO. There goes any plans of leaving the couch.
are you the real Austin Mahone?:)
Educating mom on crack cocaine
Im gonna think about what im gonna do and im gonna do it.
Remember this phrase "the Anacostia Mixing Bowl".You will hear it again. It's the result of transpo changes in 295, 695, MLK ave and 11th.
No one cares about Justin's birthday...
black and blue.
I'm thankful for a great day. Healthy kids, good friends. Healthy body, good food to eat. What are you thankful for today?
yeah that's why I usually don't like doing Metro Atl mcds bc most are 24/7 besides the ones deep in the hood
Life is good
lmfaooo its summer for me Willy I never get cold any way
Whoa! Hope she didn't miss this! Alexa has 3,000+ tweets!!!!!! that is all.
ya i woke up and all i said was dang he has alot to say to twitter
Hell yea bro we can do a video.ima be in town during spring break
Did Youtube remove the thumbs up/down buttons for videos? All I see is this "g +1" button. I'm using Chrome.
If I can't read your tweets while I smoke, what am I supposed to do... think about cancer?
Thank you Tammy, plus, Social Security is solvent till 2037!
O I do at times #Screamout and forget everything! :)
Bitch she don't like you. Mind ya business
WOOT! We're ready to Rondy!!
Thanks cheyenne. Just more stuff keeps happening.. Ill be fine though. Thanks!!
Video conference with India. Kind of dragging now, but it was totally worth it this morning!
don't worry. it's not a sign.
Would have to try the Magnus to know for sure. The magnet in the stand could make it quite stable, though.
I saw the movie today. I absolutely loved it!
Will you please follow me? :) I love you <3
Not doing Maker Faire this weekend. Between a MythSoc BofD meeting today and Daddy convalescing, I can't go to anything this weekend. *sigh*
Congratulations to Tyler Stenson a local Portland Musician -- his song "We Grow" is being used in the latest commercial for Chevy volt
Contrary to my "holy f**k!" reaction, it was lovely seeing you and Brooke this morning!
What are the practical uses of source version control? Rolling back installs from the present to the previous.. but beyond that?
hell yeah. I've wondered the same thing.
Watching the Vikings game!!
My mom is making me do modeling....should I?
Cool..... i soo cant wait either...
please don't fight me sir :// But I will definitely tell you how my final goes tomorrow. We get our scores back instantly ugh.
I fucking hate it when I'm cleaning my room and trying to find something I need and it never fucking shows up again.
The Coffee, Diet Coke and Granola Bar Diet™
it shows that your no longer following :(
Walnuts, currants, honey Total 0%. Ready to power through my morning chores!
It's a shame so many don't realize the difference between politics and governing.
Why am I on the computer it's -3 outside
miss y'all to April 18th flying in for Bringing u wit me.
who are your "broos"
And then I shall be old enough to drive, and I will drive anywhere needed to see the boys in concert. ;)
yeah yeah... It's 2012... WHY SOMEONE WILL NOT HAVE A TWITTER!? I don't get it. Haha
RT #ttw12 that was adorkable - this may be my new favorite word
no truer words have ever been spoken
"Music is what we need when language fails us, but we cannot remain silent." - Dr. Cornel West
I concur
Incredibly emotional game with a perfect ending! Proof #IUBB is on it's way back!
Hence the symbol?
YOU AND YOUR MEN ARE THE WORST THING TO EVER HAPPEN TO NASA!
I probably would have freaked out. lol
lmfao! florida will be the best thing that's ever happened to them. shoot.
I got all these bitches shaking in fear. Quick to talk shit yet scared to come near.
KEEP CALM AND LOVE CODY♥
If you shot a ton of pot at the sun, would it burn up and get everybody high?
These pairing seem way off base. Is this just Diageo propaganda?
Live free
Have you guys been able to resolve it? Nia has been attacking Brink for the past month from displaced aggression.
Hey! I am hoping to get a 600 follower christmas present please! I am not following til' i get to 600!
no? I'm not a poutine person. I hate it. Ruins perfectly good fries and gravy.
Working on gettin my life right and continue to keep positive people around me
yes. I'm on my way.
#Hulkdemullah.com #Reckless Recordz inc. #The S.P.K
Shins are perfect for "polishing" upcoming #12NTCProbono slides. Join me w/ at 3:30
I'm doing this for your own good. Really? That's your line?
Good design will elevate your blog. #altsummit via
No one is ugly everyone has pure beauty inside and out and that's without makeup on
i'm a big fat cow.
by the way, 2 hours into it and loving it! Thanks for the hard work!
WISH I COULD MAKE IT TO
Birthday weekend is going to be epic! Remember to leave tmrw Friday, May 4th open. Dressy attire is required. That means no flip-flops.
Damn Whitney Houston too say it aint so...
My teachers think I'm a negative person.... All I do is lack confidence.
I was listening to and I realized that you kinda sound like him(: that's a good thing because I love ed Sheehan!
I have a sandwich in the pocket oft jeans
Lots of interest in our latest projects! Come see us in booth 832.
Last up: Terry Galloway
Going HOME!!!!
I'm so happy listening to The Beatles, they're fucking great.
Good morning♥! x
Working on multiple Future Gun Films logos: where typography and laser guns collide. -JO
"welcome to the circle: Jay-Z and Nicki Minaj are #Sagittarius"
Weekly 1370 a.m. local biz gabfest @ 830. We might mention Kodak stuff maybe perhaps.
Now your just sombody that I use to know !!
hey, ! my roommate, says you should come say hi to your neighbors out on H street, if you feel so inclined
thanks <3 I'm just pumped for the amount of food in my house that will increase really.
Just came From the nastiest restaurant DENNY'S yuck
I know!! :) Cant Wait! and next NOV/DEC New cookbook too! :)
Waitin to watch the announcement but don't expect any surprises. Wish our #boysinblue much success in the
how so? curious your thoughts.
wait.... my shoe came untied!!!
Ha! Not yet. He's only in a bit part unfortunately. It's kind of funny watching Sam Raimi try to act though. Good Gory Fun
China posted its largest trade deficit of $31.5bn in at least a decade in February after imports rose 39.6% and exports rose 18.4%
A love hate relationship!!! lol
Do you think we should sell airports to airlines and Interstates to trucking companies?
I totally just saw Lance Bass!
I dont feel the joy in the air no more.
On #Pandora, how many times do I have to give the thumbs down to songs by a specific band before that band is removed from my station?
Hey , I see u on the videoboard w your cool powder blue WWI helmets & goggles!
so...didn't like the show?
thanks for featuring #DallasPinterestParty on your website!
mine is different. I get orders for Dysphagia but rarely anything speech related.
I am home now. Can barely move. Need more sleep.
did you really just call your boyfriend "daddy"
Maybe these larger agencies are losing creativity. Are did they ever have it? Too many ads being different and making no sense
oh ok well you get a pass tonite lmao
thank you. Let me know if there's info you think I should cover or ask any question if you ever have one
Remain friends forever or remain strangers to the end?
I have collected pictures of these cruel parents. We need to expose this atrocity. Just saw a kid on a leash in the airport.
O OKAY DEN
yesterday you were thisclose to changing my mind re: Pinterest, but then Lauren Conrad repinned me. Now, my life is complete.
Those rules are so outdated!
5 bucks says either Andrew or Justine sent that one in :p
Can't wait for Celtics fans to start chanting B O S.
not mine.
RT : Thanks for the mention : BPD TV - Northwest Citizens Patrol is making Baltimore safer...
I think i'm still waiting to have an actual conversation with Josh.
odds are if you're feeling say 75% better after 3 days high dose then that's fine-but I've never been prescribed that short a run
ill let you know.
interested in networing with you. Thanks
The fact that your not here, disappoints me
im gonna delete my twitter. oh wait; that requires a computer. so to the asshole who stole ours, i hope you are enjoying yourself. love, val
crossfitter ehh? My brother is Jesse from Local's Gym!
zOMG got myself out of transcon redeye middle seat and into an aisle. My stressor of the week is gone.
i have a 'go ahead try it' look..
Today at 10:00, check out The Chubby Cook on New Day Cleveland (FOX8)! We're making goat cheese pasta with arugula and cherry tomatoes-
Do You Love This Shit ?
We always put crushed hard candy in the cut out window spaces for the last stretch of baking, makes stained glass windows!
Truth. Let's hang soon!
See, the funny thing about signatures is that they are supposed to be real...
I learn something new every time I listen to Declarations CD! A very powerful tool. I cannot thank you enough!
I was born in Michoacan... Close to La Barca Jalisco....
Should be where you *do* things, not just retrieve objects.
well it worked for apple why not for facebook, i do agree its kind of like apples style but it works well
Yeah its pointless to argue. You have a great day too
Ok I'm at an event and Dr. Ruth is at the next table. Anyone have any sex questions??
I feel like I can't study without a box of Cheez-It crackers accompanying me.
So I still wasn't over the incident this morning but was going to give her a break.... until I picked Holden up and she was still grimy.
Couldn't ask for anything more...
haha yes let's do we can kidnap him n keep him in my closet 
I look like a dying whale in that photo.
I am so grateful for music. I don't know how life could be lived without it. One of life's greatest gifts.
have so much fun at home!!!! lets get dinner when you get back :)
Your dog is ugly....yeah I want punched in the face.
Only one life, 'twill soon be past; Only what's done for Christ will last!
RT : Thank You Europe!!!!!! Australia here we come!!!!!! But first, a small detour....
Thank you for the mention. Have a great weekend. :-)
Loving baseball again!
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! If you can't live without your admin be sure to let them know today!
Great job! You have won this week's hunt!
couldn't do it anymore
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? [:
will you be in Chicago next weekend as well?
not on Monday's im sorry
Yummy bagels smelling up ma car.....
No Frontin Mann I Blow Weed, I Live My life, I live My Dreams ............ F.C.
Goinqq To Thee City 2mm<3 Got Some Serious Shopping To Do (: You Knoww Us Ladies ? ;D
I like yu too :)
Me the weirdo! Those are the hours I figure all my creepy friends are awake and trolling.
GOOD MORNING!!! EVERYONE HAVE A BLESSED DAY!
Conrad Anker, star of The Wildest Dream: Conquest of Everest opening Fri. at IMAX, on SCAN's High Bar, tonight 7:30pm.
“: At New Hope Metro with ” thanks for Joining us today!
F YOU, CONGRESS!!! 5week vaca after pulling that #debtceiling crap. you all deserve to lose your jobs!!!!
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died. Erma Bombeck
that makes me sad
ACTION is the foundational key to all success.
Ganna go see Hunger Games again tonight!
RT : Keep yr eyes peeled 4 new blog on #humanrights + #video tomo morn, + a chance to give your ideas...
Mo Williams
getting some new graphic tees and boxers?
On further reflection, #GSU is a pyrrhic victory for C, relative to their ambitions. They wanted to kill fair use for course reserves.
just finished THREE DAY TOWN by Margaret Maron - so great to see Sigrid Harald again
Yeah Philly ! Good come back
Last night... I had a dream was sitting on the roof of my house.... Singing Hannah Montana. (he was flawless) (:
is a resident artist of ours--she's good people :-) Looking forward to your show, Jenn!!
ck prahalad, stu hart= disruptive analysis of the potential markets in bottom billion when launched in 02-look at the change since!
hey angel wat up
The food channel has exciting shows for delicious and easy meals. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Bobby Flay
is that me? Haa bad hair day! Send me me more from that night didn't we take a video?
Papa out of surgery. Things went well. Praying recovery is easy. Come on, Papa
The dentist hooked up the no2 but im still nervous
Teen Star Elle Fanning Prefers Flatforms Over Heels Once a gal loves a certain fashion piece, you bet you can catch her wearing it over a
It's 61 degrees and drizzling in DC. It's like the universe is saying "visit a museum." In which case, I recommend :)
Ok.... I take that back
guys shirts only this time. But we should plan a day to find some girls shirts/tank tops
- It's time for the propaganda to cease and desist..really!
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for 05/02/12 is Ian, Dan and Alex!
Me and started the about camp last night. Let's do it.
Thanks I really appreciate it...thats a true friend to help me like that. Thanks :]
overall, yes. Find it so annoying to hear CNN complain about time, yet they waste so much on bullshit.
Hahaha. Awesome. Can't wait to start! She really likes eating. Huge mess but worth it!
@ #disneystore in downtown disney....getting hustled by my 8 yr old
saw Bishop @ Cathedral on Ash Wed Spanish Mass & agree w/ u.
My class talkin bout calculus I'm out of this convo.
Thanks for the #FF yesterday Kyla! We'll see you in a few weeks!
enjoy! Please share any good tips with us that you might learn today :)
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal
I think they could slow it down a tad, sometimes. I guess the vibe around #Scandal is always hyped. But, a good show.
Looking foward to horse back riding this weekend just me & my Gal off into the sunset!
make it a great Friday, Hor-Hay!
Frantically decorating, hanging artwork, moving tables, troubleshooting cocktails etc. Annual Benefit tomorrow night at 6!
dude funny lol
no I went to Ontario....
QUOTES: "Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today & make a new ending." Maria Robinson
- I rang you earlier shout me back. PS you need to follow to so I can DM
Our Nathan Myhrvold #FourPeaks 2/21/2011 noon event is now SOLD OUT. Follow on Twitter, watch the live i'view www.uwtv.org/mediaspace
Woke up early, paid bills, watched the sun rise. Now bring on the Friday !
Where should I be right now? #sundance. Le sigh.
FUCK YOU. YOU HAD THE LAST OF THE TRUST IN MY WHOLE BODY THEN LEFT FUCK YOU.
either way, had better get their cameras out pronto. I am currently renting, aka wasting money.
The only B-word you should call a girl is Beautiful. Trust me, Bitches loves that.
Goin to sleep
thanks for the follow how you doing????
I agree. Just like n many states. The schools play each other during season, but the state tny's r seperated
Do you need a poem about vaginas and sharks? if so, I now have one. Please inquire within. on Twitter, not a vagina - unless you're invited.
Service Marketing Professor kept talking about Sandwiches and made me hungry. Grilled sandwich with cheese, veggies and pudina chutney!
I'm seeking funding for my new bakery/hotel. You're gonna love staying at Breakfast in Bread.
#IfTwitterWereHighSchool stalkers would be allowed
Thinkin bout tomorrow. Nervous
Wrapped up a great shoot.. Now on our way to a Seder dinner hosted by our friends
lol! No - she is ref to someone she won't mention not in present company
hey! I'm good thanks for asking =) wby?
Never wear a backward baseball cap to an interview unless applying for the job of umpire. - Dan Zevin.
make it quick... I've got a skate session on Pluto in an hr...
where are you? I can't see you!
come over :P and u can have some ^_^
Looks very impressive... What do you have in mind?
I have never been to ALA. You would think I would go when it is within driving distance, but apparently this is not the case.
lmao that's just me
follow she WILL folow back and she is amazinnnn:P
just got back from CVS with a bag of Ambien for that occasion 👍
nope, as Royals fans we just drown our sorrows no matter what the name of the drink is.
Having such a wild west moment
I think my dog might have died sleeping next to my bed.
please follow me
Just did some awkward religious writing. I want to discuss it with someone now.
Animals should never be in pain. Like what the fuck did they ever do to deserve that.
Hey thanks for the #ff. You're pretty cool yourself. For #ff:
Those awkward moment when u dont know if you are in a relationship <3
RT - CBS Sports denies rumors they are in trade talks with the Miami Dolphins for Dan Marino.
you sd tell u gd morning
Support your local musicians!
o that is gonna be a great show!
the shoots were all super emotional!
Maybe I'm easily amused but , and crack me up. Come to Punta Alley in Cbus to hang anytime
Yes. She isn't too creative.
hahaha oh goodness. that's dangerous.
Nothing at all. PayPal fees are really low, generally 5%.
Goodmorning....I'm sick..D:
Cold?? Or is it perfect running weather???
To be or to be in the moment, that is the question
Hookah & Kool Aid..That's Whats Happening At The Moment..
I think I have homework but ill play tetris instead lol
I would love a follow! x
": "Danny don't hit that speed bump or it'll be a speed DUMP!" #pooptweets "
Plows of Milwaukee, you've got some work to do. We've been spoiled with this weather without a real winter...until now.
Dashboard tonight, HTL and a million other bands I love tomorrow, Holiday Havoc on Saturday. So what if I have no money for Xmas presents!
It is! RT : "Community" is fuckin' hilarious!!!!
LMAO where would we all be without Twitter?!
this shit is crazy lol. I can handle the old ladies grabbin me but this shit was scary hahaa
F#ck a stuck up b!tch ill stick a sparkler in her clit
Sometimes not saying anything to your team in a timeout says more than a loud outburst - do the unexpected.
Yeah that's uncalled for...if she was a real G, she'd a done that with her full priced appetizers.
Kind of feel like I should have Twinkies and Dublin Dr Peppers for dinner.
thank you for that YouTube video on stuff you don't do. I now know I am not the only one stuck sometimes. You are amazing!
hey would also look good with Vinny too! Vin and mikey perfect! ur really pretty
“: I hope that J.K. Rowling's new "Adult Book" is secretly about "Harry Potter - The Grown Up Years"” YES
#FollowFriday - Useful & fun info for filmmakers, screenwriters, actors and TV/movie lovers.
Do you guys see how excited he is?<3 THIS IS WHAT WE LOVE TO SEE be HAPPY FOR HIM
...cont...Chkn breast kabob pita + feta, sautd onion & pepprcnis & topped w some beef gyros meat..only thing missing is a name for it =)
Made it to Atl, pregaming with and our boy and friends before we go out to Cosmo Lava to celebrate his birthday
I gotcha..... Wats up? Hope all is well with you...
Hey, so make sure you wake me up at 5:45 am cause I wanna get in a early bike ride in! I'm depending on you! :)
Who's ready for the weekend?
I already know, regardless if you tell me or not.
I looked at iPiccy over the weekend. Got immediately confused and went into OmniGraffle for what I needed. :-)
Another question from the Innovation Leaders Forum: How important is a clear definition of innovation within an organization?
Today is the 30th anniversary of the 1982 World's Fair in #Knoxville. It's sad there isn't a big celebration in #World's
Thanks Geraldo Rivera. Lesson learned, when you send your kids out for tea and skittles, don't forget the three piece suit.
Thanks guys. Hope to see ya in town soon.
Please, keep tweeting about your ap exams. Your tweets really convey the utter disgust you have about an exam you chose to take/pay for.
well what did u say???
It's a stupid and terrible idea.
On Doctors Radio yesterday they discussd importance of checking that ur physician is board certified in the specialty they practice.So true!
in the words of Ben Franklin "That shit cray"
Enjoy it while it lasts, Mr. Mayor.
REALLY long in-law conversation. Call tomorrow.
I've had my second cup of coffee, so now you might actually get to meet the *human* version of me. :-)
I was *just* thinking that myself....wow
I'd love to collaborate as well :)
Oh my jesus, people.
Hi Baz, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
Did U work, go 2 school & get the biggest possible #EducationCreditdeduction on ur #taxes this year? Let #TaxAssurances do a free review...
NEWSFLASH! A clean car makes for a happier person that drives it! Just Saying...
Steve the Rooster is fine btw. Spoiled, but fine.
So envious of all the Maine Law students at the Barrister's Ball right now. Has it really been two years? So crazy.
Can't believe my 2 favorite artists and met!! That's fucking awesome
OMFG I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE. I can't even spell beautiful anymore without saying "b-e-a-uTIFUL" omfg
I did only a six miler this morning and had to leave for work. I'm off at 630 so hopefully still some light out
Tan guys >
Watching Airplane! with my dad.... Classic DeVere-esque....
ooh! crowdsourcing! Put me down as voting for "Darth Vader Disney Princess."
Just had the best Chicken Caesar salad (from CPK at the Phoenix airport) that I've had in the last 5 years.
Nu no I need a little bit more!
“The word 'OK' looks like a stick person when you tilt your head to the left.”
goodmorning to you too!
thanks. I should say I'm not anti-iPhoto. I just use a pc.
where are you seeing them?
story of my life.
love how the lighting is balanced in your studio shots and the intensity of colors you've used to add ambience, beautiful
As one whom his mother comforteth, so will I comfort you; and ye shall be comforted in Jerusalem. Isaiah 66:13 Christian rehab offers hope
I luv u more n' more than I did be4
#MrWonderful is about to smash
ikr people fucking post stuff from draw something that they can't get also. Pisses me off.
out for a late night pickup due to an emergency call. A dudes computer keeps restarting - non stop. #24/7
PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY.
Love must be learned, and learned again and again; there is no end to it. Hate need's no instruction, but wait's only to be provoked.
thank you for having me on set today. It was a very enjoyable shoot! Hope to be on the show again sometime!
im mad at you in the insides .
At continental club on main st.
Cool...i look for people who are tweeting about this...we're building some sort of credibility platform
Thanks for the re-tweet!
RT re "econ lit…posits immortality as a modeling assumption" // not to mention positing immorality or amorality…
If the pacers lose the next game they should start another brawl. Ha
Cyber monday, AKA should start reading up on chapter 13 bankruptcy
hey guys, we love the site!
Russ, : "Twitter will be one of the most influential B2B marketing tools"
On my way to #Foxstudio to shoot an episode of
it must be those kids. Gotta love them.
haha you still can't tweet correctly... shameful. Hate your face too! Actually.. I just hate you :)
You know you have the bestest friends out there when you can breath awkwardly into the phone telling them goodnight then start singing:P
talkin' to my grand daughter ! Grannie LOVES youu, Hannah ! c:
If this country is still confused where West Virginia is located, they better check the endzones!#WVU :) its a great day 2b a mountaineer <3
Looking forward to your #spring #golf vacation recommendations in the Highlands!
Let's move the chains on this drive..
Starting work at 7 am is horrible. Especially when you don't fall asleep until after 1am
A minute you spend with jealousy, you've wasted a moment of your time hating yourself.
Went bowling and ate at dennys with daddy and shaen :) then bought some NEEDED clothes! Lol, great day:)
I can tell :)
I'm so funny that no one retweets me because they're dying on the floor. okay i actually need to do french. bye.
Get ready for our newest night: Tasty Tuesdays hosted by D. "Majic" Leakes and music by DJ FDS!
YES!!!! Nats will be Wild Card contenders this year. That is, unless Philly totally chokes and we lead NL East.
Papas burgers for lunch (: one word....WINGS!(:
You could say things 'got backed up'
She doesn't have any friends who don't look just like her?
Mama's serving up some hot falafel until 9:30 p.m. stop by for a healthy, late night snack/dinner.
Good luck to all #USFFW students as Final Exam Week begins. You'll do a great job!
we want on the warped tour! #gettpwarped forrrrreal it'd be a dope show
The moderator, kicks it off with this Q: What have we learned from the Great Indy Neighborhood Initiative?
Which I've been told is a precursor to anaphylaxis, so I really want to solve the puzzle. Now allergic to most antibiotics/painkillers
Super peeps
#LowerNorthForkFire: 180 homes still evacuated. 45% containment. Fire crews working for more ahead of Saturday's windy forecast.
I love the pittsford more than anything in #ROC but ppl drive like crazies in that parking lot
wow first time I ever caught yer tweets live. You come here often
doing great despite hip injuries from a fall!!! How are you and hope you having a great day!!
AWESOME! RT If you missed our big news yesterday, THIS IS OURS World Premieres in LA first week of June!
Looking forward to a #ChewonThis with the during their retreat. Topics of conversation: civility and rivalry. Follow along!
I'm come to see you and Un'hunded Proof. Looking forward to spraining my ankle on the ladder.
lol idk much about you or what grade or how old you are......
If you want I'll send you all a print
what's the prize?
I warn you all the time about him but you won't listen.
Good Morning Guise!
what are you talking about ? Lol I haven't eaten anything unhealthy and we can still workout today lol
I don't get on IM anymore just message or text me!
This day has been just one great thing after the next, and it's not over yet!
#np "Play the Guitar" - B.O.B. feat. Andre 3000
Hi It was nice to finally meet you! I will have to attend another of your meetings. It was fun.
Tune in 's #ThePaulyDProject tonight 2 hear 2 more new songs from #SettleForGreatnessEP by prod by via
OKC-Denver would have been hot zpacho.
I have this strange addiction. I have to follow everyone who follows me xD
Good Morning Farmers...come in & get BOGO 1/2 off on all edibles! And don't forget to pick up our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry!
Peyton's throwback Thursday picture. its so cute. i cant even<21
I really need to see U2 perform All I Want is You on their next tour.
#Sundays are great days to test new makeup looks! Let us help you with #JaneIreland makeup
9 days and counting...
You just got back from tequila in Mexico and you already want another drink?! Crazy girl. haha Hope it was a blast!
Basketball : Blake Griffin :: Baseball : Bryce Harper. I can't be the first to suggest that.
If he can't respect you-He Simply don't deserve you. #IKnowThat'sRight
Never going on facebook again until takes that creepy pic from insedious off my wall.. #scaredtweet someone help...
#RIPZachary - You'll never be forgotten.
Ah I gotcha. Don't worry, we'll take good care of him!
j cole graduated from st johns
oh, thanks so much! :)
you sound like my wife. it was no days of heaven (greatest movie ever made), but i'd still love to see it again.
don't kid yourself. he is looking at products for himself too! :-)
what u know about #Biggie?? Lol.. happy birthday ;)
Waiting on news of 3 alarm fire in Salem. 3 people died. Police investigating. No names, no cause of fire, no cause of death. Stay tuned...
Break a leg tomorrow! "A pair of star-cross'd lovers take their life" (Romeo&Juliet) Tickets on sale for 4/14 & 4/21
- Huge TY 4 the mention of our 2010 Celebration of Hope Gala on 10/22! Send u final stats after event ;)
I'm great! Why are you just alright?
Talk to at least one intelligent person per day. Or talk like one intelligent person at least once a day.
your a bum. Haha Nah I'm good my mom is on her way and im gonna be leaving at 245.
Replaying it at 5:20pm on Am620. Police commission endorsed Walker, so Barrett feels singled out for his missed attendance.
Mosely needs to retire now!!!!
I realized that I like hombres.pero these days is normal, I like the abs I love seeing them, is very cute♥♥♥♥
soo i won a free piercing from The Mad Tatterz Tattoo and i have no idea what to get
Going to have another strong card today in American Sports and more Soccer,get all plays for today for $100 email
RT : How do you know a politician is Tweeting? Their aides fingers are moving.
The rain held off long enough to plant the back garden on the upper east side today with lots of Boxwood and Cherry Laurel. Spring is here!
Twitter makes me happy. 😁
Thanks ! MT Awesome organizations:
You're right, Kathryn. Need to get Lloyd into the stream.
thanks for following. Hope to see you at one of our events soon
The rest of the time?
": The Giants’ 8 home opponents will be: Cowboys, Eagles, Redskins, Saints, Buccaneers, Packers, Browns and Steelers. #NYG"
Gotta say, driving in Dallas is not a pleasant experience.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dr. Fresh Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Depends on the timing, but prob not (if that's ok?)--feeling kind of swamped. But I'll drop by and we'll talk!
When the sand is a bazillion degrees and ur digging around with ur feet trying to find the cool sand
who told yall that lie?
trip to vegas this april, trip to disney this may? what more could a girl ask for?
“: Up until now, all sticker-snipping and envelope-stuffing has been me and Eben in the evenings" can we help?
Depth Chart on ESPN brought back old memories of playing in front of Hog Nation. Nothing like it!
good bro i'm glad to hear.
don't forget about our awesome high five.
"is this an earthquake?!!" "yeah! let's run!" "hold on... *runs to the computer and writes on twitter*.... EARTHQUAAAKKKEEE!!"
what inspired that?
Sittin on a bus with German foreign Exchange students and they are constantly playing songs! Girl your so #international!
lol. For the lipstick.
I'd make that deal for the right things.
It's nights like these that I'll never forget. <3
Hmm just got home
sweet! No pref. Although, I discovered Under Armour makes Tottenham's gear so, I may let the Baltimore connection rule.
when in rome. @ the buffet at the Aria hotel in Vegas
Coyotes yip along the western canal. A hound in the distance howls back with his wolf voice & wants to go wild with them. My dog is silent.
it's 8 pm.. There wouldnt be sun anyways :p
so true 🙌
Since when did Monday become my favorite day?
FYC students presenting their Chicago AD campaigns. Much better than anything the convention and tourism bureau has thought up.
Okay, in honor of Adam Yauch, aka MCA, I'mma drop my follow Fridays in rhyme...
Many of kids I've worked with are good and decent people. Don't sell our future short. They care about the world that awaits them.
Thank you for the shoutout's today!
No. They don't serve that at Kung Pao on Ventura Blvd.
It is so gorgeous here!
“ S/o to my soon to be producer . Follow her asap !” Aye
Taking on some tours for the new year, Who needs shows ladies and gentlemen ?!
gotta go hard this time around
Thank god for wifi
not able to make it?
thx for the find/follow on Twitter Missi!! :) I tend to be a little more exciting on here...enjoy the show! ;)
No wonder your people aren't performing, folks: they have no investment in the company, have too much expected of them, and aren't trained.
for food you most def have to stop by The Original in Oakland best fries in Pittsburgh, either there or Pramanti Brothers Downtown
Getting ready to see #RedTails....theater is PACKED!!! TAKE THAT HOLLYWOOD!
Barbosa gets called for travel. He disagrees and proceeds to demonstrate a pivot foot for the refs. I like that guy.
Spent some time at the range and now wife and I are going out for dinner. Relaxing Sunday
I didn't know they were a secret. Is the new #cosmo?
Tony Campana needs to play every day.
You expelled, but you got perfect attendance #wowthatscrazy whea they do that at?!
happy easter to you too(:
Im da problem around here
We don't have the ingredients. And if I remember the migraines, sinus attacks, and bloating, I satisfy myself with voyeurism.
RIP Whitney Houston
It's time to take down the Nashville Christmas "scene". It's so much easier to put em up than take em down. Blah.
Someone please tweet me !!! In class and I'm board !!!
Freaking kids. Stupid kids man. D-TRIX. MARRY ME SEXY.
Im bored af < lets do somthing
Lol. Have you seen 's latest twitpic? Check it out. RT : But I really *am* influential in zombies and bacon. :P
Now, where dat fuck did dey get dem faces from, I want 1
That makes me a happy girl!RT: Dinner on the NorthSide at Nora Target 5pm-7pm is
Hello Twitterverse! Have a great, talented friend looking for a sports editorial gig in San Diego - LMK if anyone's looking.
im ready to curl up in a ball & die
I thought of you as I read that sentence!
Doing great! We've been doing lots of upgrades, so it's hectic, but we've got more on the horizon. :) You?
"I'd buy (more) Toot Away if ______." fill in the blank for us. Be funny if you like, but we really want your thoughts. Enjoy. thanks.
you got it!
Super tired
This could be exciting....
We played beast today :D
I NEED SOMEBODY TO LOVE
What do you think about the half time show?
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
I got a good feelin'!
I don't feel like doing my math homework ;-;
Celebrating our move to the new Dynamintz Studios. New videos coming soon!
People been texting me all week saying that I am #Fake, sometimes I just don't be feeling like being bothered. That's all!
Ugh! soo humid today!!
I have too much energy at this time of the night.
Don't be a Scrooge: Recycle Electronics, Christmas Lights with eLoop - Business Wire (press release) Don 't be a Scrooge: Recycle Electro
RT : revisiting chocolate for a day! , , &others so sweet on social media. i wrote about...
got a laptop for christmas (: desktop days are ova !
its especially bad when they say that ur bias is who they like least -_-
"Stare. It is the way to educate your eye, and more. Stare, pry, listen, and eavesdrop. Die knowing something. You are not here long."
4 weeks till Nashville, 8 weeks til Milwaukee, 9 weeks til Green bay, Minnesota and (hopefully) San Diego!! CMON summer!
K&M also handles rentals! Call us at 212.523.0954 or email
I bought a new cat last night :) her name is mittens. Shes the cutest thing ever!!! ;D
Roman is hustling.
Been there a couple times, it was hit or miss - going back one last time before reviewing.
by the way. Was strolling my TL and U said ur Boobs r Huge 2day?? They Always Look Huge to me! Just sayin
@ I know, so cool! How are you enjoying it?
lol. Yea I think they are super dope and kinda cute :$
Yes! but I plan on getting really fucking drunk....
There is no day or night,time does not exist when u are in love with your project music,songs.Just the miracle of creation celebrates.
looking for Prezi inspiration!!!
don't judge me against the almighty but please judge me against the alternatives of the circumstances of this world.
bahahahahahaha dude I gotta meet an greet an maybe beat with you! Lmao
Damn...busy af! School, Play with , choreographing a dance for me and . This will be like this till Friday D:
That is one creepy hallway. Do you live in a David Fincher movie?
Let us know if you have any questions about Vizcayne in Downtown Miami!
I miss you too Kinny! I haven't been writing much lately. Singing karaoke and working.
yeah, it's fine. But what if he/she is not saying it directly to you? That's bad right?
LMAO love u too
guess whos going to prom with me... jkkkk
"A scone is just a biscuit pretending to be a muffin."
Thanks to Prelinger Library for sponsorship of #THATCamp Bay Area! Plus and to have something special for us!
I just know how to do it. I'm really bad w/directions.
I wonder how long after graduation it will kick in for people to think,"Wow does my future look fucking terrible"
Today in Literary History: On March 1, 1914 (some argue March 1, 1913) Ralph Ellison was born in Oklahoma.
If you ain't got an ass wear a poncho
We should never be afraid to admit when we are wrong. It is not a sign of weakness, but shows character and responsibility.
": Bitch was #TeamOKC last night now she say she #TeamHeat" these chicks just going with the flow..
Baby Make That Ass Clap !
": who can name this song & finish the lyrics? "I'd sooner sleep by an open fire and..." ...wake up fried. // "Clean"
I am excited about the JSA coming back this year.
I think I'll strengthen your rule by not reading them until 1pm Chicago time, just to make sure they're not being read anywhere
When 1dies others step up to fill the hole. ;)
So glad football is back!!
don't every look at Lefty like that.
well Rosie it did not get picked up. How are u?
I swear, if Facebook changes their layout one more time, I’m going to post a status update about it and then use their site as much as alway
Today I submitted a final paper, my PhD letter, 2 conference proposals, and copied my spring syllabus & first essay prompt.
Made some rice & it's too spicy.
Table broke. Got 63,700. 54 left. Half of us will cash. #WPTHardRock New table with Curt Kohlberg and fkscreennames
Let's go !
watching spongebod with my nephew ;-)
Matt would of been good but taken out to soon.
this nigga used all the clams beats i used! lol
Did just follow me?!?!OMG im like freaking out right now!!!Thanks Tim=)
You know you're a dork when u hear sirens and think of the doppler effect
My point was simply that the two situations are not the same.
if mathai goes home on #thevoice i'll be so mad D:
Good article, though I wouldn't call myself a novice :-). I've held several leadership positions.
No officer, i'm not drunk. I just have sporadic bulimia.
I wonder if they take credit or debit for the #saa77 on-site registration...?
yes, I always want to do one that smudges but I'm not that advanced
it sure is HOT outside... but cool inside the studio... great day for a tattoo :)
team has no respect from anyone.
Pork roll PIZZA FRIES!
MAKE HIM WEAR IT AGAIN! :D
will your music be released heRe in America to? :)
HHS Stresses IT in Plan To Curb Health Care-Related Infections via
Cool, see you there! CC:
I have to keep my life busy so that I couldn't be sad and depressed about you. This is not what I planned to happen in my life.
OH MY GOD! I don't judge him for running off stage. Shit, I would have been in car by then!
Thanks and thanks for the opportunity!
LAUNCH!! Introducing SmashTagConcepts.com!! Now we don't have to sell out of our cars anymore! :-) W00T!
hahah okie I will & i know that now, my phone wouldnt let me see it thou, soz love
is tonight. Have you purchased your tickets yet? Who's going?
At my second home... #LGA airport.
u were my favorite adult actress when I was in college & u are still amazing looking!
Spoilers for what? (btw, love the avatar)
that is really funny, man.
I'm excited for work today.
cool let us know if you&#39;re coming through tel aviv this summer. we&#39;ll be b&#39;aretz for another five months
Me too, forget planning stuff and never do anything the same way twice!
Such a true assessment... though I am unsure of why that is the case though.
#49ersLockerRoomPlaylist The Game - Wouldn't Get Far
ctfu amen! RT : #sotellmewhy you think I should text you first all the time , the phone works both ways not one .
Yeah I really need to raise my BAC! :)
Met Bill Willingham and told him he was one of my favorite writers. He asked what other writers I liked. Smirked when I said Warren Ellis.
Thanks to everyone who attended Ari's talk this afternoon. What did you think? Tweet us your comments & questions.
Umm Tom Hardy as Mad Max! Yep, I'm down.
What do you call a stupid skeleton? Bonehead.
"When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door" – Alexander Graham Bell
nice kid keep it up
This. Is. Horrifying.
MORE DOWN SERVERS
hey lady! I used to tweet often but just haven't been feeling it lately..lol. Did your mom tell you about the cruise?
Basketball fans should check out Some good sports commentary.
I dont care about bad reviews. I Follow my heart.
WTF no egg or bacon! I'm out of the running.
Four hours on the road, six hours left. Central Illinois = 120 miles of blah in every direction.
what are the odds Sano and Rosario are still in Beloit around June 16th when I will be there?
BORN BY MYSELF DIE BY MYSELF ''FUCK YALL NIGGAS''
did anyone get that fefe song? i like it .. .some of it reminds me of bob airplanes and also ftsk's hip hop chick??
Hope to "see" you there!
I haven't had my cell phone all day. I don't feel as weird as I thought I would.
hey love
I will assume that they know what they're doing...
how were you offline for 3 days?? I can't seem to manage that at all!
if you build it, they will come. Or at least start emailing me like crazy. Thanks for all of your work, it's a game changer.
Yooooo----Move Over is HOT! GREAT BEATS! I'm still listenin.
Fotch, I hope you're on your way there!! I would be if I was you.
team #post in the house
#InstantTurnOn if they have blue eyes<333
Learning is more than obtaining knowledge it is appropriating what we understand.
" Being fearless isn't being 100% not afraid, its being terrified but you jump anyway" <3 -Taylor Swift.
Your body is what makes you sexy. Your smile is what makes makes you pretty. But your personality is what makes you beautiful.
You remember a large package faintly playing Bebop inside? I forgot how bad US to Canada taxes are so you sent it back.
Thanks everyone for hanging around for #TheSwitchEnergyProject movie! Energy issues will be increasingly more important
omg, i can't wait till i get my license.
lol no they have nothing to worry about
Have both #Purdue and #IndianaUniveristy ever lost a home game on the same night before? I'd be surprised if they have...
Yes! Then you shall have it!
LOve the video at the end! That's exactly what it's like! Still better than metro. I carpool so the commute isn't too bad
its dumping outside up here at Copper Mountain right NOW! Keep the snow dance going!
Freedmen w/unpaid taxes were resold into slavery (and other facts): Historian/author Adam Goldhart on NPR's Fresh Air show today.
Watch out NY! I'm coming to take over with a little help from cuz he's been running you for a minute. Who gon' check me boo?!
Come on, Skinny Love ♥
I won't be in today. Use your work time well
Important airplane ride to take in the morning. I bought my ticket the old fashioned way - through a travel agent.
yo..thx for the follow ... How ya been?
3 of the 4 games today went into OT. Gotta love playoff hockey!
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
Sunday Funday! What is everyone doing?
RT : WiMAX making US resurgence thanks to new MVNOs and now Sprint's prepaid brands. Device vendors have some decisions to...
Purnell is going nuts.
"Steve Jobs is the Jerry Brown of IT."
aw so yhu got a concert well dats cute and am i invited sweetheart hehe uhmmm meh jst jaming and r u working or wat x
I run a local website that is all about drinking culture, and some specific stuff for the 916. I'd like some more local stories.
Did you make a second video blog this week?
Hot dance moves at a party of upper class white kids at an Asian place on h street.
#NFLPA Exit Symposium: includes education on post-football financial strategies, preparing for a second career,
is the most inspiring people alive. for that i love you and for that i wish 1 day u could meet all of ur #1 fans 1 on 1.
Scrape and then use Goo Gone.
“: yes mam!!!” the Guys an I will be there
speaking of oscar nominated docs, #Gasland is a must see!
Much appreciated, yeah he's fantastic and seems like a really good person, uh, in person
Thanks for the follow! Love what you're doing!
thanks! Appreciate it. Great to be here.
Agreed. And, unfortunately, we're still waiting for most sponsors to move beyond the cage with activation...
as long as she wasn't texting and drinking milk! ;p
Lesson learned at #mcn2010, if you don't participate in social media you risk being defined by others.
lol how am I functioning right now
Looking for flights to NYC that will be later than my son's program on his last day of school. Murphy's law that 2 things will collide!
As long as they keep the cookies and milk coming, I'll be fine.
I'm crying now.
#Grizzlies force game 7, #Nuggets win game 7, #Braves win tonight, Pujols hits a HR
im running:)
Thanks for playing Paul Epstein's "Three Sonnets" on Sunday! Wonderful music from a great composer
I need a full time driver & masseur
Chris Matthews on Jeopardy? I CAN BARELY CONTAIN MY EXCITEMENT.
I never tweet anymore. :(
start to finish, that album is amazing
Updates made to my Chad Nelson
Happy birthday, Joe!!
Greg Baldwin: Our model for innovation was , not United Way.
Kobe Bryant has just passed Shaquille O'Neal for 5th place on the NBA's all time scoring list! Congrats Mr Jellybean! :D
I miss you little brother!
Smooth head again!
We have a lot of kids who don't know what works means. They think work is a four-letter word. ~ Hillary Clinton
Tumbled natural stone tile seems to be hot right now, we can make your bathroom look amazing! Contact us at oklahomahomerepair.com
You are the Malone to my Stockton.
Tomorrow is free Tuesday! Be sure to see Skulls, the new exhibition on Level 3. Where drawing on the walls is allowed, encouraged even!
I have great idea... You can think of new band name... Our band is rock band.. and you need to write new name of a band.. :) In retweet :D
Jammies are always acceptable, bring swim suite and desire to drink red wine in the hot tub later. LOL
Haven't been at Menchies in forever :(
“: RT : Just saw drinking a redbull - $100!> haha! O it feels good to win” It wasn't on purpose!
What a sweet offer!!! I do have new site plans in the works. Hoping to roll out July.
i agree with what gallo said. we are a small market team playing a team with a superstar. you're crazy to think the calls will be 50/50.
It looks like the family will come with me now.
Huge win. Need to split the series tomorrow.
SENIOR CLASS SECRETARY :')
Go Giants!!!
What? Now I gotta buy candy for 37 students? Ha! Ok, ok.
hoow?! I said happy 1 year and 1 day :)
Lol RT : U need to smooth slide into mine boo..lol RT Karma: Fuck! I can't win with some of the people in my life Smh i give up
“: RT : Can't we just eat pizza and make out ????” Sounds like a great night!
Really looking forward to getting to know more #SMCA folks and working with the Board. Thanks!
Time to start work on the R3D complete workflow guide for Avid. Using some steadicam MX/zeiss super speed 4K footage. Onelite w/RCX.
Not doing so great at my #newyearsresolution2012. Finally installed TweetDeck, we'll see if that helps.
I know I'm so happy ! ! ! & I can't wait to see y'all in a few weeks !
My history teacher thinks I have a 45 year old boyfriend. #whichidont that's older than my parents
Political doublespeak? I don't know the details, but these bridges have planned lifespans.
NOBODY answer calls after prom!
Yeah luckily twitter sent me a msg to change my password. All good now.
Burn. another grant written, another check off the list.
. launch new book. Extreme Trust: Honesty as Competitive Advantage.
I remind myself of the positives, to distract myself from how crap it is.
Now that's just sound advice.
RT : Sick of these jeffrey campbell high heels that every girl in the world are wearing and walking like chicken heads.
The man has some sunshine back in his life
Man WHAT dey coming out to no limit beat lol dat beat dope doe u tryin kill it ?
Very well played! RT : Pick up Craig Monroe. Tell him that's all he gets to do.
The foundation of #scrapbooking is paper, and today our selections are expanding yearly with more exciting papers from around the globe
hi guys i'm doing a webshow! - lauren
yeah, rather keep my peeps informed tho and maybe you'll expedite your removal process
I only need 48 more followers till I announce who I saw for my first concert! It's pretty funny! Let's make it happen.
Work was horrible. Just wanna sleep
all great choices!
Tina Fey, CZJ, Parker Posey? No?
Austin brought me jimmy johns. Forget the charms. I'm eating a sub
You Don't Have to Spend a Fortune! « officeenet
“ Happy birthday again, are you back in the dirty d” Thanks again!!!!!! & im omw now
Congrats on the new gig. Hope you will still be on Gabfest!
niggas b scamn on twitter for followers... do this and follow this lame and will get you 500+ followers... ctfu
I believe in the #Knicks , let's goo
She's tookin to many dicks it was only a matter of time before she got prego!
Be content w/ what u have; rejoice in the way things are. When u realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to u. - Lao-Tzu
I have bad trust issues but I refuse to let another pay for what a sorry excuse of a human being did to me. Everyone is not the same.
School sucks massive dick!
Zombies. They never announce it over the PA.
DM i'm sorry, had practice been getting home late.
Other than taking some paperwork down the street to another board member today, I'm stuck at home until the dryer repair guy gets here. Ick.
There is smoke in the air of our Eberwhite neighborhood. Smells like wood.
on that hipster shit, and you's a hipster, bitch
my peace :( so if it really is gone I think it maybe easy to find a replacement!
Yea. Where is halfway
manning to denver :) so i guess denver will be the team ill support with the colts :) hope it go good
argh. i should have done it, too.
I want an actuall relationship.
Fuck it !, don't worry! Yu ain't gotta worry bout getting a txt from me
It was. Typo.
it's called looking at my timeline isn't the point of your tweeting for people to read them?
My version of a perfect person is a person who does nothing. For if one works lives and tries they'll make mistakes and that makes success.
#Canes vs #BostonCollege, take two.
Im actualy taking a day off to relax and enjoy this beautiful day.
Bout to leave to collect bags for the
If the Heat play the Cs w/o Bosh who do you have and in how many games?
RT : Breaking: Protests have erupted in #Tehran, let us see the role of social networking this time around.
A scoresheet to evaluate different LMSs?
how does your dreaming about chuletas and pineapples reveal your insecurities? is it your inner fat girl?
Which oomf would like to text or talk?
RT : The weather is awesome this morning. Enjoy it!
Thanks for the support Terry! Shine responsibly!
Big road win there Bucky!
dear silent realms, i hate you please go die.
My favorite spot in Columbia Heights.
#FF No one wears hats better than this guy. Eitanwearshats.tumblr.com
Workout and then pool time with now time for some laundry
I think the vitriol in this campaign against will be much worse than in 2008 or from the tea party or the birther crap.
This is awkward lol
He's the bottom of the $5 DVD bin at Wallymiz
thank you Elton!!
LOL. I did NOT see this. I may have been in search of beer when this happened.
:) Now you need an article on: two, to, and too.
I just added "Newhouse" to my email dictionary. At the same time, I added "YouTube" and "LinkedIn"
excellent choice!
RT : Digital Marketing Agency, Social Media, Mobile Marketing, Web 3.0, SEO, PPC, Reputation, Video Internet Marketing is...
- an awesome day! Thanks. We loved watching the rays get fed and seeing the dolphins. Great lunch in the cafe too!
Sometimes Walmart really pulls through...area rug for $10? Easter candy? Random gun section? Yes please! Shopping w/
: my man. Were you on stage at that point? "President of the Nick Lachey Fan Club" Ha! Whatta night.
"Fare il malocchio a qualcuno." - To give someone the evil eye (in Italian!)
Players, please note that registration for the LAS VEGAS Showcase is CLOSED! You can no longer register for that event. Thanks!
i want to go to a zoo
That's certainly the case in the UK.
what a betch
if I'm gonna hit a traffic jam, well it better be a tractor man.
Whenever I actually manage to locate and remove an eye irritant (eyelash of course), I feel so accomplished
Jewish proverb: "do not confine your children to your learning, for they were born in another era"
Of course my battery would die because my retarted butt forgot to turn off the lights
LOVE THIS. RT : #PMA Checkin' in and never checkin' out! Smiles on, focus sharp, Love Loud!
It's definitely up there for me as well. I'm really curious about the movie now!
": In honor of Cinco de Mayo if anyone sees me in person today I will be speaking nothing but good old Spanish!" lol sucha dork!
Congratulations on your successful Kickstarter campaign!
Actors & journalists have much in common. You never say you can't _do_ something or that you don't _know_ something. Of course, I can golf.
I am ready to get of here. This shit is crazy Boring
So glad Dare to Be had such an awesome start last night. You inspire me!
Spring Break has officially begun!!!
Hmm I'm not sure. I haven't followed that race
Hey, Im from #Memphis!
the jaws that bite, the fins that scratch?
Im amazed at how uncool i am.
The Aerdnamaharg Dynamic Mic. I want one!
!! She good though RT : From Raven city and you come to Pittsburgh smh
I'm sure we could change that ... It's never too late!
I won't call this regret, but somehow I knew that, at some point, I was going to get smacked for not taking Trusts & Estates in L-school.
Holy shit!! Great Britain just invited ME to visit this summer!!
what are ur rates?
2012 is going to be hot. Tons of new gigs announced soon and lots of fun stuff in the mix....onward and upward!
#Metro Center is Ficelle day!!!
he three up a 3 as well
Good luck today! I'm sure your event will be a success!
Interesting that your reason was for a mission -- not necessarily tied to creating artistic opps for yourself
Give me a minute...
I'm thinking Turabian...
oh you know how haters are nowadays! :P haha! and awwwuh! well you're welcome! <3
That's beautiful, it's so boring here in the city!
and I 'love' the ones where they ask if I know anyone that is a fit. Yes I do, and NO I wont tell you who
I have been trying to look for u guys
Three weeks to finish my thesis paper. Another week to defend it. Five weeks til the semester is done, six til graduation. I got this.
Using TED Talks in FYW courses should be discouraged IMO.
haha otherwise I wouldnt want anyone to see me. :)
Crazy snooks! U should have seen outdoor fields + media room under water today.. Took out conference call line.. "Thanks Shard!"
"An ounce of mother is worth a pound of clergy." ~Spanish Proverb
Starting 2 get the hint... Hum.. Nxt clue please
Give me a pen and paper... and leave me alone. ;)
All a nigga want is pussy all i want is someone who like me for me n not my body
Give American citizens the right to vote on the things that will change their lives drastically. Majority wins!
Trainers: webex, adobe connect, gotomeeting.. what do you like the best, and why?
Content marketing is like sex in high school #DF11 so true
My oomf is NOT him darlin it's the boy I like -.- damn tweet watchers
Thank goodness for a charismatic music director - tech issues on stage for #turandot and ballpark simulcast
I Need More Money
I'm a blonde currently masquerading as a redhead but I prefer my #brew Brunette. Love your Doublebock.
Is it bad that I'm jealous of my cat and dog because they are more interested in playing and cuddling with each other than with me?
Good Morning to Mizzu ✌
Patrick's awesome - tell him we send our love! I've got your ticket!
who did the Dolphins get with those two picks? Anyone of note?
Chillin at steak n shake with the fam
Holy jesus #BlackHawks!!!!, stop by for a drink or 2 or 3 after this crazy game!
...the bar was too crowded for me tonight. I need quiet time. Working on a Plan B. I haven't eaten since breakfast.
Happy 6th Birthday Davinci Virtual! I love you!
STiLL SMiLiNG!
politos and bemos. You were at point after? PS-
Really need to get my twitter game together lol
I gotta say, this postseason has rekindled my love of NBA hoops. Haven't been this interested since Brian Winters was knocking down 3s.
As we said after the concert: The behind-the-royal device is the main reason for this magnificent performance!
Nigga be a man...u actin like a bitch
A QueremosNegriniconda A
And girls wonder why they get treated like that? Get to steppin!!
IT'S ALL STARTS WITH ONE DESIRE... www.sofiafellini.com
Thanks Reed. I will keep you in mind if I have a client looking for some good art for their home. Happy Holidays!
Brazilian Federal Court is voting today on Affirmative Action program PLEASE RT: I support Affirmative Action in Brazil
My legs are short and it makes me sad.
