I agree! Shawn is so savvy! A good person and smart. I got the one time only today before it sold out! Yes!
you know you can even make sparkling pink lemonade with it? best invention ever!
right on
Your message falls on deaf ears when you send to a dated or user-generated prospect list.
Pepsi "cheating heart" ad is one of the classics. In PepsiMax re-do, it's even better
You're from Adamsville.
The world be way too small on twitter...
Is the recent winter storm affecting your holiday travel plans?
: dealers should target a 100% write up goal. Above all other metrics, start with this.
No, I am happy with my purchase of Victory Road, great matches and shocking ending stop being such a smark.
"RIP Chris Brown" and "Best Valentine's Day Ever" are both Twitter trends. I'm not saying it's a coincidence... but I'm not saying it isn't.
"Tai Chi is a very soft form, and they'll kill you gently...but you'll still be dead." -Eric Dale, Southern Gent, Master of Chinese thought
None of your tweets have been retweeted yet
Simplicity and execution Not Surprise and change
I hope Overeem - JDS fight doesn't get the attention it deserves because of the retirement. 100% that fight doesnt go to grnd
I been tellin my mom to get me sumden to eat for a hour now -___-
Hope you get back! Someday I'll roadtrip to Niagara & Toronto. My cousin there loves it but still a Sox fan. Keeps her meek.
"I can't conceive of any city that wouldn't put education at the top of its agenda." -SF Mayor Ed Lee
Morning Rockstars! > The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. - Earl of Beaconsfield
Lovely visit! Nice meeting your mom. Have fun at the Art Institute is my fave!
At first I didn't care about home court advantage. But I didn't figure the refs into it.
#PurpleStrideMke meeting tonight at 6:30 at the Medical College of Wisconsin!!!
I had it all covered Darin. Getting my PTO paid out made me a ballet for a night.
we will never know
Actually, I think you just did.
packernation blowing twitter up for DD.
: Thanks for the #FF!
night :D
ALSO THE NIGHT CREAM #2 GIVES ME RASHES, I START GETTING ITCHY WHEN I PUT IT ON!
This smoothie is real !
Taylor Donnadio was a high schooler in Beaver Falls outside of Pittsburgh who killed herself in Jan. #DoItForTED raising awareness
hey, girls!! Hope you're having fun and learning lots!! Thanks for sharing about
#signsyoureatahoodprom they got a metal detector at the door
Ugh, that's what I hate about international competition. Players I really like next to players I *really* don't.
YMCA League Bball Teams > Charlotte Bobcats
Hi Maryse!You can send a message to Miz,and say that he was my coach! if he agrees I'll pay him very well!Please!Help me out!
getting austin's tweets sent to your phone so you can keep up with them in school.
My high conversations can be so intelligent
could Cal not play a little more zone to make up for Wiltjer's defensive inability?
Round two nap two
Yes I'll call for that match & it would be a big surprise actually :P
great comment!
Nice! Haven't heard from you in a while wags! Can't wait for you to join us this weekend, Cheers!
he probably thought you saw him and started singing it on purpose, haha
Good Friday, Luxe Citizens!
I've asked Obama to have bin Laden's body toured around the country like the Stanley Cup. He's considering it.
Fave space song: Max Romeo - Chase the Devil ("send him to outta space to find another race")
“: If you want to know who to mistrust, lower your defenses and wait to see who attacks you then”LOVE THE TWEET-BASIC GODFATHER
Me: Mom, where are you? Mom: Just left walmart, halfway home, why sweetie? Me: You brought me to walmart with you -_-
Awesome!! Enjoy your vacation!!
What are your top go-to blogs about social media? I want to build out my Google Reader a little more :)
I talk to my cat alot.
Maybe Dorsey thinks R MacKenzie and E Wolf are about to depart and is eyeing a move upward in GB. But still can't believe it!!
If this block is a true microcosm of this city, then Boston is 60% attractive college kids, 30% drunken bums, and 10% gothic stripper clowns
If you can setup a webcam in the middle of the room I'd be there ;)
that's awesome. A lot of talent out of Texarkana.. Tra Carson as well. Tra Carson too
Need to brush up on Excel? Head to Gibson Lib tomorrow at 9:30 a.m. to pick up some advanced skills. You must have some Excel knowledge.
We walking in victory everyday,lets go, God is good,u can never lose with God,,Team Jesus lets go
I love white trash
Do you have a pair of contacts you can give him??
Everyone Knows i Don't Sleep.
Today @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" | LA Talk Radio | Christopher Slevin, CEO of Sweat Garage | Go to: www.latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Santa Margarita won a round-robin meeting Sat night 2-0
Lost 40 dollars.
Energy vampires, I calls 'em--don't let 'em catch ya lookin' at 'em. Arrrrrhhh! Fight 'em off with caffeine and newscasts!
No there were a lot of Swank people! Also some frenchies
I wonder if is still on his thug shit
Hey hows everyone doing today?! :)
Sorry Your music is too good. I'm taking most/all of it.
School can kiss my ass. I just want to get this day over with so we can play already!
about to go in the club, ima get up wit yall
McSuck is the worst. Bring back T-Joke.
Emily could make me her fan. She could say NO. Oh, please, God. Please let Emily say NO!! P-L-E-A-S-E!!
I'll post a link to the tinychat group and just come in(:
Wasn't crazy about #ofmontreal but #deerhoof was absolutely stellar. Kishi Bashi was a pleasant surprise as well. Good night for music.
it's really good! I had two! You there often?
"the seatbelt is.like 35 pounds hot" 4 year olds r adorable..
Lol Moon Fry
Hello to all of my friends, and Fans. Singer Paul Borges in Cleveland Ohio.
[1 - 0] The Houston Astros scored against the Pittsburgh Pirates in the top of the 2nd inning. Houston Astros 1, Pittsburgh Pirates 0
silence in the library if you haven't watched it recently?
People have the right to be stupid. Some people abuse that privilege.
how do you feel about costumes?
Watching 16 and Pregnant with my little sister
Couldn't answer right away. Doing shots with Ted watching Bama crush Penn State.
nice job just search :p
i can not say this enough. you really need to come on the 2nd.
Glad my #hicss presentation is over! It went well & I got great feedback and we had an interesting conversation about ict in extreme events
ima put it on him tonite :-*
Even though this is a Republican state, Obama will moonlight as the next Colts coach. Breaking New, U heard it here first!!!
you think TC can beat Jones? They warming up yet?
I swear my migraine goes away the second I take even the slightest sip of my coffee...
Thought I was going to make it back to Dallas EARLY from Austin but no. Stand still traffic 45 min out! What the heck!!!
Beautiful day, 65 degrees. There's nothing better
Streaming a local radio station, took the op to pledge online, only to hear them greeting me by name a few minutes later--out of body exp.!
Love love love my presents had an amazing Christmas with the family and ready for his birthday tomorrow!! :)
RT : #thingswecrave rabbit sausage w butter-poached carrot, black currant cream on a croissant...
I remember one time I got hypnotized on a cruise...
goodnight babe :)
Google made their analytics interface worse? How could they make it worse? How was it possible to make it worse?
haha, I'm really lucky to be where I'm at today. There's always somethin more tho, all I need is a good girl.
hate it!!
Is there anything I can do? Is there any particular thing I can pray for? I'm still here!
“: : That's Doc Emrick, Coach. And you're right. he is awesome.”(thank u)
George W. Bush 2: Electric Boogaloo
awesome. I work Sunday so I'm going out tonight for my bday. Dinner than prob oharas or tavern. Come by
and balloons
lol i like to think it happens to all of us =}
final stretch run on a Google Site for a non-profit
Mary please let me come over.
#FF to the best jerkin' crew out there ! Happy Friday!!
Hi! Check out my new show on WNST. Follow us here on Twitter. Thanks! - Bulldog
Both of those points are probably worth noting in the actual UI. ;-)
hey! super chevere!
i hate school its so boring thank god half of my teacher let me do work with music ill do my work with music without ill just get distracted
Does anyone know of a great R Statistical Language tutorial?
I'm sure! There are tons of super fun flea markets in LA. Be sure to check out Melrose Trading Post every Saturday! :)
Holdiay Advice: Good music and games help get you through an awkward extended family Christmas. Don't forget to bring your music!
I wonder how many sprained ankles will occur this summer due 2 all these platform shoes. Maybe I should just buy flipflops & call it good.
I definitely will Topher!
Cold contact lenses are a very specifically horrible morning feeling.
California weather is the weirdest!
I wonder if he'll teach Tebow how to be a good QB?
best rapper alive
You may I say, have a great ass. That is all, bye. xx
On my way to be me my iPhone4s(((: #Finally bye bye HTC Evo 4G.
awesome!! we just did a ton of new demos for the new album also, i'll dm you a link! i'm bombarding you tonight!!
This is gold
I can't find you!
Stay focused. Finish the year strong!!
your over abundance of adjectives makes me smile ;)
that RT vastly changed what I said and intended-you should clarify that.
thank you :)
What you doin in Columbus? Concert?
What a career for John Shurna. When #Northwestern finally makes the #NCAAtournament it will be because of what the baby faced assassin did
Boarding my flight to Los angeles yay!!!!
WELL I GUESS THE DUMMIE KNOW NOW....SMH..AND HIS CHICK GOT LOCKED UP TOO..SMH...DONT' KNOW WHAT THE HELL TO DO
Even if it rains, we'll get you in the door quickly and is covered, so don't worry, we're gonna rock it!...
nothing like playoff hockey, and witnessing the ovechkin beheading in person...
We're up there! RT : Phillies fans are the greatest and most dedicated in all of baseball
Is show diff broken in the latest gitbox?
Thanks for the RT about the premiere! Did you happen to visit the film's website? (There are great clips there!)
Nah, then I'd be sick of myself. To an extent. ;)
RT ": I've got so much game with women. Too bad I'm not a dude. Lol #NoHomo"
oh dear lord Brooklyn haha please read what you tweeted me last night.
so sad you don't have a decent World Series to watch
I'll bet! Hopefully JBJ didn't hear that though! :-)
#ICantStandPeople who can't handle their high....If you can't, pass the blunt to someone who CAN!!
$525 gas bill :(
3 excedrine migraine and a topamax into the day. At 6am. It's pretty damn awesome.
I don't get the allure of really red lipstick
I want to hear the story.
good night to all.
My hats off to Texas Rangers, you are true contenders and you will one day be World Series champs. Cards will forever be my team though
What are a few resources you would recommend to someone looking to gain insight into becoming a better #leader?
Dope. Make that sick mixtape available for download on that Also let's get some tracks on iTunes. & I'm serious; watch those views.
rt ha! “: Just taught how to use twitter. Follow him for what are sure to be dorky tweets.”
I wish I were one of those lucky people going on vacation for the holidays...........
SHOW TODAY at the Trans Allegheny Lunatic Asylum in Weston. We play at 4PM.. ALL AGES.. FREE!
Tell me when ill see ya smile again thats all i wanna kno'
i'm LOL'ing at this chick rn.
Hi Jure! Topic is on RT : What is the topic today ???? food, alcohol, drugs or rock and roll ?? LOL
That reminds me: I'm taking a 'Canadian kid lit' class for library school. Any book recs?
Lol RT : Watch for that awkward moment tonight when the Saints first round draft pick gets finger-printed on stage by the FBI.
“: I can never get over how good are.” dawg me neither!!
Out. Good luck to TPEers still in.
Well-deserved & congratulations to all of you!
Now's the time to place your order for our 4:20 special! Order $10+ in delivery or takeout between 4:10 and 4:30 pm and get $4.20 off.
No, we haven't kept up-to-date with our upgrades. Does Gary deal with it there?
I wish I cared about the #Oscars kind of in the same way I wish I liked
sounds like we need to make it happen, then!
My husband couldn't deal w/it and left 3 years ago, after 16 years. Jerk. Enjoy the good times :-)
Screw yoga. Cutting grass is more meditative & rewarding. And I can play Imperialist, gradually cutting territory into my neighbors' weekly.
Just found out that Edward Sharpe is opening for Dave. Oh my God.
Good Morning. Life loves giving back to you whatever you have given to it.
Dear World, It was a good season. I'm proud, as ever, to be a Jayhawk. In victory and defeat we wave the wheat.
tell them I say hey!
I think one of my teammates says she designs JLo sleep wear?!....
awesome...thanks! glad you like 'Carrie's Feet!'
Oh wow we lost 20 followers in a day.WTH?
The baseball team is so presh. Love you guys!
Miracle.....asians can speak english...
Prediction for next 10 yrs: 'workplace will have the most change because it needs the most change.'
we are super stoked to be getting some sweet Gretsch guitars in!
WERE ARE U FROM
going against the current. I'm cruel, whether they know it.
Happy Leap Day!
Sanaya Roman~ When you are feeling depreciated angry and drained it is a sign that other people are not open to your energy.
in sept, and I think so ! I haven't really listened to any clips of that song
considering I filled it out in 2 minutes and went for crazy upsets, I wasn't expecting greatness haha lol
GOOD LUCK AMS BLUE :D #goodluck #
It is easy for me to love myself, but for ladies to do it is another question altogether
RT : RT : Be who you are,say what you feel,because those who mind don't matter,& those who matter don't mind.-Dr. Seuss
GO BODE GO
Glad I sat on the right side of the train this morning. The sunrise was gorgeous
that made my night Katia LMAOOO
My pleasure!
RT “: When the library is important to your faculty, they make it important to their students #cildc”
overheard college student: "The only reason I know it is because I got it wrong the first time." via
Firemen! Come in for Captain Morgan shots and cocktails. Upland wheat and Rad Red $4.25!! Great local brews!
Tiff! Happy New Year!
Best thing about being alone in the office? Letting one rip whenever I have to. At least I hope I'm the only one.
Watching Time Fly By , B-/
Crime expert: We don't know how many #kidsofinmates there are in USA. No central record keeping. Finding these kids is hard.
i don't either. pity parties are hard to do!
i wanna reach 400 follower :) anyone help me? :)
Huntsman: Innovation of US is envy of the world
Happy to say that it is officially summer for me. My junior year of college is over and I am now a senior. Exciting but slightly scary!
With Great American Beer Festival, Bush/Chevelle and a Rapids game this weekend, could we be any luckier to live in Denver?
frigging funny thanks from Roswell ga
RT Okay, I'm a whore for clam chowder. I said YES. <<<<----Can't wait to judge chowder again with Seattle Maven!
i added you
The calling on your life is irrelevant, if you don't submit yourself to God.
Thanks so much!
Is it weird that I actually enjoy writing the bibliographies of my papers?
Definitely. RT MKE needs a live music revolution.
#Orlando hanging in there against #Indiana 77-75.
“: Fat on your arms #givesyouwings” so gross. Worst fear.
Don't miss the historic interview with Lady GaGa on Oprah's next chapter
#TebowsPrayers another year of college eligibility
My teachers need to leave me the'f alone.
I still haven't finished unpacking my suitcase from Christmas travel. I just keep taking out things that I need. Shut up.
Relaxing watching the Lakers/Nuggets game. Gotta think this isn't good for LA if Denver can keep it close like this...
Nice page Chris.... Looks Great!
ohh that hike sounds divine! Tweet some pics so we can live vicariously through you!
Thank you for the donation suggestion!
I'll talk with my folks tomorrow, but maybe $500 with the art hosted at yourwildlife and a named award of some sort.
DOCTOR WHO???
I love you Travis.♥ :(
Paid to see at a 9:00 show. Her opening act hasn't even started. Going home. So upset and disappointed.
Hard to say; he'd either have loved the medium's brevity or written it off as a waste of time.
Despite rumors to the contrary, Mike Tate, chair, is assuring all that ALL Dem Senators are on board with stopping #wismine bill.
#MySexPlaylist involves only steel panther!
RT : hahaha ay ay ay< the stripper pole is hard to install...Damn, I just hit my thumb from the hammer!
Thanks Meghan! We are thrilled that you took the time to tweet that! We are so lucky to have the most Twitter generous customers
And figuring out what twitter does.
what's been going on that you might be worried about??
Deion Sanders Is a Real POS!
Love!! Thank you!
RT : Congratulations to all the finalists! Each artist has the chance to take home the $30,000 Sondheim Prize.
Break #1 ah
hit the chapel durin a hospital visit. peeped some scripture. song of songs is damn sexy writing. wanna be a player, read the bible! peace.
Spending the ENTIRE day tomorrow working on Last Breath ish... feel like i need 8 arms
I have living on a prayer stuck in my head
Subtweets are so dang funny (x
Jefferson Davis' wife's name was Varina
B.C.N. would like to give special thanks to Nick Varano of strega Boston , the M.G.M grand and Aria city center of L.V. For a successful trp
everyone please follow my dear lil sister > she is very sweet, cool, fun to chat with, and she follows back too
...of course prayed4 son's fears 1st! ;) Hope&Pray he's sleeping peacefully this wk. Oh memories~we delt w/ night fears too.
I think I may have misunderstood my boss when she told me that she loved seeing me hard at work.
The real hipster nannies of Brooklyn
RT : Dang I'm feeling salty. My almost 3 year old daughter just called me "wack" um...... LOL
lol nice rewording...
If you ever pay full price at Kohl's you're an idiot.
Would like to hear her thoughts on career-oriented woman that are not moms #causewevotetoo RT :
I'm expecting a good amount of #FF's fuckers haha.
I was tossing my phone and missed and hit me in the nuts. Uh
Everyone go to wings etc tonight!
Recovering from the race and taking some time off from running. Perfect time for yoga :)
Thank you!
85% of movie actors
lol mean but hella funny! :p
If you can wait until tonight to buy I'll chat with Mary and get back to you. I'd LOVE to see them live. Let me know.
Ive done that before too...bol! They cant help but love us anyway though :-)
How is it that I don't drink, yet still wake up feeling like I have a hangover. Ugh.
“: O gezzzz I'm so sorry no more rants I swear! ✌💚😃” Just woke up. I'm enjoying them.
shut up! -.- I'm like half asleep #Goodnight ♥
#4WordsYouDont wanna hear: You're really wearing that?
Freedom means the opportunity to be what we never thought we would be. Daniel J. Boorstin
McShane Completes Historic Hairpin Lofts
One of Boxy's co-workers brought her chapati today. My Kenyan stomach is feeling very jealous right about now...
I accept blame. Also, you're welcome for the flavor explosion. (Cc )
RT "I dont know what I did wrong"
Mornings, in which the beacons are lit for the dead.
Why is that, when I make a new friend who I get close to, he or she ends up moving? :/
I watched it last night while doing U.S. history homework
Platschke: Without the firepower of Lamar Odom the Lakers arrack spent most of the ...game as if trudging thru mounds of torn wrapping paper
We should burn a H instead of a E? ... I never got that..
Don't forget to RSVP to our Prez if you plan on attending the Chivas event on April 21st.
Yuuuuummmmmmm. Chocolate covered peanuts in the sat truck before live shot. Now thats the way to fuel up!
thanks for the follow! Loved meeting you in Seattle and your sharing the message of health of nutritional awareness.
WAIT!! We have not finished your New Years gift yet. :) give me more time. ;)
Pinelands hike this Saturday in Evesham - South Jersey Local News
sounds like a good movie. Will have to watch it
He'll take your heart and break it, listen to me
And he steals second! comes to bat w/ runners in scoring position... literally. Wait, what?
Nothing feels real anymore.
You can tweet us anytime :) Or all three of us @ ;) <3
#RIPBelieberIvansitop I can't omfg, WHY? :( praying for the family. feeling like someone of my family died. omg.
California community colleges planning to start sharing data on wage outcomes with students to help them decide what to study.
I hear ya on the sun.Things are going well. When it gets warm, let's set up a date for beer or sausage races.
Focused on the positive today :)
"Juggling Truths: When Justice is a Moving Target" is the title of Hon. UNITY DOW's lecture, which will open our Series on Mar 27th at 7pm
They can sometimes save you money versus buying two separate costumes for both of you
Good luck to and the CSU Rams against San Diego State tonight!
Me caes MAL :)
Video not working... :/
Chris Bosh is the Heat MVP... u see why now
Impressed w/Constantia, Calibri in MS Word for office use: try them! But wish they had semibold versions (& light for Calibri)
I dont wanna be single forever =/
Heading to be but ready for some GNCC racing tomorrow!!!
So much for small Gov't. Since you've been in office, WI has been flooded with Gov't BS. You're bad at your job.
How were the results?
I never realized how many teams are WITHOUT good Big men... shyts embarrasing
LOL RT : I've seen better performances on stage at Chuck E. Cheese by those robots.
Where? ": im finna walk around there!"
Just get my butt kicked at piyo class!
I had one...mysteriously lost it somewhere in the bedroom. It ran away from me but it couldn't have gone far!!
Just got in. Drained.
“: about to watch Jason goes to hell”
Watching the #Broncos #Pats with & in a basement painted #Packers green.
Should have had tickets. They'd have gone!
These One Direction boys can have my heart...like all of it.
Starting to save the pennies for recording!
PickUpLine: You like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime.
I hate when people are at my house and ask, "Do you have a bathroom?" no we all go out and crap in the yard...
heck yea,chocolate is my bestie<3
yo in reality, over half the music out today no one's saying a shit n those regurgitated punchlines... mediocre upper echelon raps..
"Indescribable, uncontainable, You placed the stars in the sky and know them by name. You are amazing God!" Our God is so so amazing!
do you like?
The next thing we knew, Craig's List was America's first line of defense.
You already love us, now you can follow us! Follow Dave and Andy's on Twitter for some of the sweetest tweets in PGH!
thanks cheers!
try the detox tea with some creme de menthe at mochas it will change your world
MT “: "How many crescendos/can someone feel at the same time?" by Jason Bredle, who read @ the June '08 Rhapsodomancy reading.
follow me :)
Sample our 60 piece savory or sweet gem's by opening a FREE account with us online www.klassicgemcuisine.com/Account_Register.aspx
haha oh lord
I can think of one in particular who begs daily
Wow.... you're right! That ones a beauty!!!
The #Celtics are shooting 67 percent. Can an entire team have a heat check? How does that work?
good morning yall!!!
Is awaiting a special visitor coming in from Seoul. And it just landed.
God damn my mother doesn't shut up about anything!
You were right, 315 backed up a little at the cross over, then it was very tight between the barriers.
what time and where?
do you still have your version to track? Audition tapes?... maybe can find them for ya :)
I liked it too! Was cracking up.
beware the ides of march....fabio was born on this day....SCARY!
Greetings from Yiwu China!
Happy #FF to my 500th follower !! Also:
I love
You good my guy...what's goin on
thank's for follow me :)
Happy Mother's Day You've been through so much since but it never changed your ability to ♥ everyone unconditionally!
If you'd like to save your company money, start by placing a call to #AdvancedMailingServices. (505) 899-3104
"A girl giving a handjob has to feel like a monkey trying to put a square block into a round hole."-One of my bosses.
slut, I misses youz!!):
Taylor Gang or ash an L in ' s car. lol
That being said, i still love NYC
About to perform @ this lil block party!!!
Cant wait for 2012..... FOR MILEY!! LOL
It's okay ! Those hatred are just trying to brake you down but you tower over them like a skyscraper!(: <3
I Hate When People Kno They Can't Sing and be The Loudest Ones.
So I'll have about 12-24 hour flu symptoms..good thing my daddy is a bio-chemist..tee hee..he knows that stuff..
eat all the chips you want but having a bag of chips under your pillow doesn't sound comfortable lol
Communication is a skill that you can learn
is a slim jim a food or a tool?
Wally Bell's got his coin out to determine the close one's again.
today is going to be awesome. not sure what's gonna happen except I'm gonna be nice to others and sport a nonstop smile. /via
If I had myself as a teacher, I would hate me. Ie, these papers are bleeding.
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man. ~Henry David Thoreau
but idk kno nobody here I jus work here at the JPL
If your tween is trying out fb and youtube have them go to togetherville instead. kid safe and fun. my daughter loves it.
New menu coming soon. Lots of new flavors to try. Sneak Peak: Carmel-isous, Cinna-Yum, Creamsicle.
holy crap you have abs! How did I never know?!
RT : Ambassadors and vice presidents of foreign nations here speaking simultaneously...just another day
Have so much to do, wish I could just do it all instead of tweeting!
Obamas surprise trip to Afghanistan? I can't help but feel like he's gonna be making a surprise trip to the cemetery.
Thank you, to my meek masseuse this morning, for not shrieking wildly upon discovering I have jumbo-Legos for muscles in my upper back.
ha ,well it's truee ! &you're welcomee ((:
- finah call it a nite in bout 15 mo minutes.!
Red solo cup!
You act like I'm the one who said it? Dang.
Santa baby
Ok. Albuquerque it is.
I will definitely be looking for that.
Gah I'm tired! Work was long tonight. Panty raid starts tomorrow...7 for $26. Getcha some!
good, I'm glad... I need to see your real face soon.
It's the beginning of May and I'm already tired of hearing about RGIII and the Redskins. Going to be a long year in DC . . .
We need examples of SIDES in PDF or WORD Format for a new Import Sides feature! Please send to
Waiting for the bus.
Keep sending those #FREE drinks folks! Still more time! and just in time for #Happyhour! #Bartab to the rescue!
Stay away from Captain Howdy.
Should have just set up a canned email response today consisting of "Fuck you."
I'm in shape ... round's a shape, isn't it?'
Accounting Clerk needed with GDC Digital Cinema Network Via FMI:
we are upstairs in the room to the right.
Boot camp with Kirsten at 7am tomorrow. Thinking I want to take the bike out for a ride too....
Wishing you all a very happy Durga Puja and Navratri on behalf of Enlime :)
It's *complicated* but then the best things often are.
why tank ju chica...what do u do?
You can talk about me, cus im a hot topic
Sounds good, John! I think we're going to same breakfast with #salesforce. Let's order something expensive. ;-)
Cannot wait for #PrettyLittleLiars tonight!! ❤
MT : Just returned from #Burma's #Kachin State where violence by Burmese army continues wreak havoc on civilian population
I don't think it should be in every aspect. Solo work is still important. Check my summary of "Quiet" for why.
Mon morn. office hours: Designs new business cards for #MCAC and advising for fall starts. 2 meetings yet none with my actual advisees.
Is there any way you can inform the techies that the USTREAM of the show is down? Laptop issue I think. Everyone is waiting
Hello Tom!
For some reason my coordination is off and I keep bumping into things and falling. Not a good time.
What is wrong with folk now, I mean U talk 2 them in real life & they log on 2 Facebook & dry snitch the conversation & sequence of events!
I'll follow the next 32 people who follows me :)
why won't you say hi to me?:(
listening to #TheHungerGames while I work. Second "reading" of the book and I still love it.
Listening to Ed Sheeran perform live at the Filter party- he's quite good. Check him out!
remember you're entitled to your opinions, even if nobody understands them!
I feel like I hear that from you a lot
exactly! If there's a list for apps that could make you cry this should go on it.
Green Bay vs. New Orleans tonight! Ready to stop hearing the phrase "Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers"
how did the boys look tonight? I saw San Jac allow LSCypress to hang around the first half b4 blowing them out in the 2nd half.
I would never say something I am afraid to say twice.....
exactly! That's what happened to me when I over-prepared!
gaaaw why are you so pretty ?! lolol (:
yo I see you need tickets for Robbie Rivera tonight. Text me 954-654-5605 I got tickets for you
Are you guys working? ?
Correction, the costume is on the road to Toledo. We can provide photos if needed.
RT : Bo Burnham cancelled for tonight. Will be rescheduled and tickets will be valid for later date.
#MyFreshmanYearAtFAMU started during the summer and its was one of the best summers i had
I do not understand when people order a small #coffee. My mind cannot comprehend the point of it.
Top-notch pro San Francisco singer pianist for recording, rehearsing, performing, accompanying, lessons & tutoring (at your house!): $75/hr.
nothing but the truth love and promise not to let you down
a few. Only been looking in wa for the moment. is really good and have an email daily too
YOU are so beautiful! Pwetty picture!!
re "may have to start stalk texting to have some fun." Stalk on baby :D Kidding! Tell ur husband I'm kidding!!
I was follow by same escort twitter bots
yesh MY Jelly Bean ;D
Back at #ISOJ12 w/ Glenn Frankel intro of Jim Moroney on "Becoming The Economist of Metro Newspapers & the Pursuit of the Tablet Audience"
There's nothing God can't do mp matter what life seems like
deff gonna watch!!
i actually went to great lengths to release it, because it insisted on continually slamming itself against the window.
is home for a WHOLE month!!!! SO excited to spend time wif my sissy!!!! =D
I'm confused trying to follow the logic here.
I need yall to follow my boy to get his business goin in the Twitter world!! Cmon yall, go follow...
#IWantBTRAutograph GYM CLASS HEROES YEAH :), i love them but i love BTR more <3
Freddy Bliffert is playing at Bliffert Lumber and Hardware Saturday for their 1st Anniversary event. You don't want to miss that!
K but if ya blink ya miss me! Haha
Fuck SNL running god damn re runs from two months ago.. You might as well re-run some shit from the early days or late 80's through '97
So true.
done with summer schoooolllll!!! hell yeah! School starts Sept 24th! :-)
"Bruno can't speak English!" lololol
Weather aside, the fact that there are only 5 runs combined in a game where the strike zone is this small is atrocious.
Happy birthday :)
Rolling up and reading my Saturday Paper
New Mexico Satellite Man wall-mounts HDTVs. Give me a call if you got one this Christmas! 350-6428
Well, if the Umpire called Montero out when he should have....
A recent survey has said that 29% of owners sleep with their pets on the bed
I can sing you a million songs and mean every word in all of em
#LSU athletics wants YOU to go to room 51 in Himes Hall and fill out a survey about what sports you would like to see at varsity level (LAX)
The tensions rise in your mind and you think back to realizing everything that you left behind.
lmao. I love em too much to keep em in a box
That's funny but I imagine it would get quite annoying
Done this before. You left it up for 2 seconds.
I showed love because you gave love but now I see :( #2TearsInABucketFuckIt..Im not even mad jus
March is Developmental Disabilities Awareness Month-- proud to be a #specialneeds parent & advocate.
proud of new york for passing gay marriage
I used to care about you, but not anymore.
Showers are a huge stress reliever.. And a good way to clean yourself.
Goodnight Twitterverse! Looking forward to giving thanks to God...and eating that tasty turkey.
technology journalism is almost as bad as fox news at this point
#icantgoadaywithout breathing, it's what I do for a living!
sorry to hear about the chlamydia bro
Jamie Crowley is so sexxyy:-* i love her so much ! she is amazing and i think you should all follow her
Hopefully we get a pool :)
Skene! records - I used to hound the crap out of that label.
Still having trouble Reanne!:( Maybe I could come into school for a training session! My calendar didn't come over eiher:(
#lastthursday Ambassadors are located every two blocks. Got questions? Look for the orange-feathered hats and make sure to say hi!
Everyone wish our lead singer Sean Neumann a Happy 21st Birthday!!
it's okay! yes! It's so cute. HE IS SO HOT! ♥
it's been ages since I've been stung, but from what I remember... it's no fun >:(
Another fun filled adventure in Aggieland
Hadeed! Sir, you have created the most addictive jingle that plays on WTOP. *hums the Hadeed jingle*
I can't watch this anymore just giving up, ill forget it when u win the champions league.
Put my HID's in today!
It's Friday looks like we are getting some sun in #pdx this weekend!
Anyone go to the #beach today?
damn yesterday made 4 months its still so unreal is gone I still think about you girl ily RIP ASHLEY <3
The new halo Xbox 360 game is the business !
Hawks need to keep the foot on the gas, no let up...NYR is a dangerous team
#NW #TanishaGetsMarried Me and my dad over her dying laughing. Your Boyfriend is off the hook for the size 8. Hilarious!
had a seminar to do this a.m then went to the furniture store in afternoon. Still workin. It'll be over by 6:00!!
SPURS ALLDAY BABY!!
Let's help the great get to 10,000 followers by his Feb 9th birthday.
Important to think about life expectancy of library buildings and how often to update/replace components. Build into budget.
Re: deal--the fine print notes our new stores arent open yet. The deal will be available to use @ both when open in early 2012
Kirby wants me to upgrade from a sgt to captain.. Hmm
yes! he literally asks like everyday, "When's Joe gonna come over?!" so you best come over soon.
Awesome to see #CTW6 moving ahead :D - If anyone needs an editor, let me know ASAP so I can schedule the time... cheers everyone & good luck
i just realized i don't like orange juice...but i drink it anyway
I guess love *can* bite, bleed, *and* bring me to my knees...
Chicago is ranked #9 in geography. They closed that department over a decade ago.
that's really sad.. Do you still want the toy phone? Hahaha
DC's Japanese Cherries were called "Oriental Flowering Cherries" during WWII.
Hey , i'd like help in any way if you find that ConvergeSE 2012 needs it. I work upstairs so i can get to IT-ology quickly :)
oh btw, I'm still in my pj's :3
“: ha cool, you're both fucking faggots. Go make some more horrible music.” LOLOLOL
Hey hey ...I made it to Raleigh lady. Staying in North Hill until Wednesday late morning.
Actions speak louder then words!
And I am now in a car full of frat boys blasting gaga...my life...my life...
Tegan and Sara ❤
If you like Facing the Giants and Courageous, you would like the other two as well! Let me know when you get to watch them!
Bone thugz greatest hits on the way to work today.
Watching one of my favorite movies The Wood until I fall asleep
Ugh it's night time again.
Thinking about practicing #Yoga!
#CC250 MAYBE THAT'S THE POINT OF IT
Wouldn't mind seeing Buz, Tony and Darren 3 handed. Would be really fun to watch. GG Farid! :-(
Happy to be home and drinking water straight from the tap!
No. Or else every match should see approx 26 pens. Similar to RVP's 2nd yellow. He kick late? Yes (1sec). But ~never yellow
RT : READER COMMENT: Our #future is only as secure as the #children we raise to lead it.
This is MTV, right?
Had a fun time at your screening of She's Out Of My League at SMG. Thanks for bringing stars Alice & Krysten for meet & greet
Are you a do-it-yourself property manager? We are happy to be a free resource for any questions you may have. www.sjarealestate.com
Same. Progressive voices are clearly needed there, but I'm not sure if my contributions will be productive in that community :(
Not yet. I'll take a look after work, though! Thanks!
On my way to work :( again lol. Great day friends.
Tablets. I love them,,,,except the price jumped like 4$ a bottle at a local Walmart
is the latest county to use ENR for their #election reporting online! Happy to work with you!
now I need to go see at and check out! :)
my nigga can you and do another song together when he get out?
I love you this big , eyes have never seen this big. #memories :)
if you are in Texas, you have to use the word fixin as a verb. You're fixin to go to San Antonio
Relax & enjoy that wine! :)
Is there a Handbook and if so what page am I on?
In Palo Alto for the night. Best Malai Kofta to be found is south of SF.
All I've eaten today is bacon and eggs fried in bacon grease. I'm trying to shed those holiday pounds. :)
"what do I stop you from doing tonight... you making out w/strangers or making out w/only 1 stranger?" "keep me hydrated"
well thank you! :)
I was so going to ride the camels
thank you! Please check your DMs
“: Nice knowing from someone else your mad at me. Thats cool.” ... Why would u listen to mike.
as you can easily see our global rank has risen some near two thousand spots.....beware ye travelers, beware!!!! ;)
I know who you can go see it with.... LOL!
WE DO TOO!
The new Sigur Rós reminds me a lot of their first album, Von.
The diner all night with a bunch of friends. breaking all the rules.
Just worked out hard in the gym w/Erin..As hard as I go I know I have more to do..so sometimes it gets frustrating..gotta keep on keepin on!
#MidnightHungerGames in imax with ! SO. EXCITED.
Dinner at Martinos! How did I just spend $11 on food here?
": I really should not of had that sip of water I mite get sick but the pain is less than my broken heart" makes.no sense.
hey sis. Pray all is well
S/o go follow them to greatness!!!!
moisturizer is most important to me
In exactly one week I will be done with my sophomore year of college & be on my way back to spend the summer with :)
Uh oh. Kobe has a case of the mud butts tonite and denver taking it to them
' I'm tired as hell , but can't go to sleep!
Tonight's gonna be fun!
RT if you will support austin no matter what.<3
Hm... We have your question into the Brewers. In the meantime, you can try calling the ticket office 414-903-4000.
sorry well it's not to far lol just joking
just keep me in mind if someone is hiring. And a prayer or two can't hurt...
It's like I spy books.Love those.The challenge of finding it.lol.Gonna watch last 4 episodes On Demand usually miss something
lol ... She must not understand ... It aint going through her mind
RT : #RumorHasIt your girl wants to sex me on the low. Lol must a been a good Saturday
Just finished 's book (loved it/seriously a great xmas present) and tonight I'm starting on 's Place of Yes!
Correction, Tasker with his second of the game
RT "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
We're headed for the rock n' roll hall of shame!
Working on my spiritual core for the rest of 2012. Everything will be done and said with intention.
- Why is it that the only thing I want off my mind is the one thing I can't stop thinking about?
glad you are back, nice new handle, and yes it's playful and was available... hope these attributes go with you as well
so excited you are hosting this week will definitly tune in and DVR...
She told ha girl friend ass so fat needa lap dance
I can not wake up this morning.
NO.1 Best Deals and Discounts BISSELL Steam Sponge, Titanium ...
Ugh, last day of spring break -____- ugh!
OMG!!!!!! Gia just took six steps widdout falling down!!!!
hahahahah...yeah, at the end, nobody got arrested, so i was like "OK, that sux"....it was an episode called Secrets
Hope everyone is enjoying the sessions at the 18th C conf in Texas - Don't forget to stop in at the Cambridge book booth tomorrow!
lmao!! You sent that right before I sent mine xD <3
"Time is what we want most, but what we use worst." -William Penn I had to post this and should probably write it down 100 times.
its about to down!! ": OFFICIAL SUC ALBUM IN STORES MAY 2012 SPREAD THE WORD"
Had a great time talking with ! # fastforward
Happy Leap Day
Was that "barn autodetect"?
Made in Mexico, Born in the USA :)
and how could I forget.... Flogging molly atbonoroo!!!
Preparing for tonight's event! Should be fun!
Upper West Siders looking for pizzazz in their pizza need to check out . Points and pizza make a perfect combo.
Back to making soap today! On the menu: oatmeal milk & honey, rock star, peppermint patty-cake, lavender, dragon's blood and lemony.
So you're gonna spend this fine breezy evening on AveC eh?
Pedigree Foundation Grants Available If you work for or know of a shelter that is doing something innovative to increase dog adoptions, t
Yeah, totally know how you feel. Keep on...
Good morning everyone, have a lovely Saturday!
Big day coming up, Nov 14th at the Merrell Center!!! What a slate of game put together by !
Got rivered for four different buy ins in a home game. Home now. The wife and i are drinking jäger bombs now
I don't wanna be a grown up. I wanna stay a kid. This program just made me majorly depressed...
I look forward to trying the Mezcal at the show today. Heard it was great.
Is loving the Empowered Woman Miami summit!
Yes it will
St. Elizabeth Ann Seaton Catholic Church holds 5th District Candidate Debate (Carmel, IN)
Mavs at thunder can't wait
Congrats to Katrina on team on
i died two off to a guy that had dead mans hand and threw a c4 at me
ha ha, love the promotion!!!! FYI, it is the best!
enjoy exercise! if you hate weights, don't go to the gym. you can lose weight & get in shape with any type of training or activity
Oh yeah? As a source?
So, what happened to summer?
“: I told my ls's I wasn't going to brew city if wasn't going, she always do that to me lol”
You are RIGHT about that. Onward!!
Yep, sure does. Definitely doesn't look like Jones. Thanks for the heads-up.
How freaking great is the song "Angel" by Shaggy?
Fun times at YSU today! :)
I did not see the post in Facebok I saw it as a tweet.
okay, a test of linking here to facebook
we are going to foster it....so we need another rapper..maybe usher??? What other ideas?
It's not that I don't like you, I just need you to disappear.
#FF ... thanks for making the #EHS experience the BEST experience!
might give cjh a shot again. Just want value, don't feel like they offer much. Why I'm following fewer and fewer "personalities"
What did I win? and Why?
So what's the answer? Ha ha!
In your face people. I just got followed by That's right. An entire town is at my beck and call.
He Gone Make 1 tweet Me And Him gone Fight....
On my way to Chicago for ALA. Yay!
yayyy there u go amber I could not find u on my list bootleg blackberry of mine
re cobertura - I guess so. Is that b/c of the failsafe plug-in?
At the creek with grace, ashley, and rayni
Bears just took a guy they could have gotten in the 2nd or 3rd round. Seriously who's paying these guys to pick these kids!
I love myself too much to fuck me over...
lol what if his mom wrote it for him..?
not so fast
cause I wont tell her something. *Laughs a little and blushes lightly*
after I eat and run, those two are my top priories today haha
Sup my dude
I was being sincere cause I fucking liked you and dident wanna be like a fucking douche bag and be like omfg nice noodz let's
alright! We so got this!
Who makes a fake twitter? I mean really?
Barcode Magazine to relaunch online as The South Florida Source Look for our new website coming soon!
Way to be KG!
there is nothing social about social networks, take your hands off your device and get out from behind your screen!
I know I have not been on twitter lately....had a really tough situation...but im back :)
Stopped by yesterday and bumped into my old friends from Falco Ink (). Good peeps all around. Give them a follow!
i really feel like i'm losing your love...
Hamm's beer-born in the land of the sky blue waters. Only $12.99 a case. Definition of American Classic.
Russell Wilson is by far the best value at QB now. Undervalued because he is undertall... but so was Drew Brees. Sick athlete.
Jeydon Jeydon ..... JEYDON!!!!!! I have something important to say!!!!!!!!!!!! Your beautiful!! <3 And you should follow me
Live at WhiskeyBar downtown Cincy til' 4p. Come river dance and drink green things with us!
Whoot! We exist!
I mean I'm sure you have an open mind!
well i will listen up well im a basketball player im 14 im 6'6 and i just wanna ask can u give me a shout out tmrrw
lol i need to see you sometime this summer! (:
Thank you! We are excited too!
LOOK!!! over here LMAO
#ilikeobamacare because I don't watch Fox news and actually understand what it's doing to help Americans
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING!9
DHS....smiles in your face in the height of their deceit
RT Getting ready for my #NASCIO speech today on 'all things #data'
Cue kazoo theme! RT : Well, I made it to 1,000 followers thanks to - high fives all around!
Well we weren't chosen for a M&G for but pack your Bruins shirt I have 2 tickets for Saturdays Game :)
If one spends the weekend working, it should be on 's brilliant new novel, w/ a Bulleit Rye. Petition the editor's union.
That awkward moment when you're giving her your all, going balls deep & she still doesn't make a sound.
Is Twitter much less popular in England?
#PeopleNeedToStop at stop signs
going shopping today im a happy girl!:)
Absolutely! RT : Hello again - Enjoyed meeting Jim at your #HRSWC booth. Let's stay connected.
CONGRATS to COYOTES & SUNS!!! Big Wins Tonight!! Hometown Proud!
ha ha! I saw that last month and its still way funny today!
iJever is back? Lord kill me now. 😣
Shout Out To For Shutting It Down At My School MLK Tonight And For Giving The Download For The "Produce Section" My New Fav DJ Foreal
I hope this turns into one of those games we look back on at the end of the year.
hahaha no worries!!! Glad u had fun!!!
Birthdays on Friday!!! :D
pussy runs everything
I did it! I filed my taxes - itemized deductions and everything. With over an hour to go. Yay for me.
Heath Bell's slide into the pitcher's mound was just clutch and very amusing.
Oh, I just remembered that I also had a peppermint patty. That's not any better...
Love'd your Video On WSHH . Your The Only Chick Were I Watched The Whole Video.
:-( RT : Shame on you for screwing me out of my commission.... SHAME ON YOU!!!!
Sunny Monday
After tried to put Carter on me .......
I'm making exercise non-optional just like brushing my teeth or eating meals. It's getting a place in my routine!
barnes can't dribble
So thrilled to welcome a new colleague to #CreateDigital today. We're going to rock it out!
how could I forget? hahahaha(:
Definitely think Boozer is key. More involved he is on offensive end, better defense he plays. Dishing ball well, too.
RENTED - Awesome Home to Be Creative I Finished Basement I Massive Deck amp Garage I Mt Washington - large dog beds
My roommate barely uses social media, only has 100 followers, and he's got a score of 44, only 4 points under me. Wa?
I HEAR U LIL BRO NO BULLSHIT
Dear Christy, 'This vacuum doesn't work very well." Well, YOU don't work very well. Now you know how we feel. Sincerely, the other cashiers.
I love twitter directioners because no one at school would understand my love for Ed Sheeran.
Ima Wild Boy, Strapped Down Like A Cow-Boy
Wow, is it Friday already? This week has flown by. Have a great weekend, everyone!
This Friends marathon is killing any productivity I might have had.
So Benson owns the #hornets AND the
#BoardwalkEmpire #Jimmy #wtf #why #speechless #season3 can't wait. You're amazing!
the entire thing is sad to watch, i only wish i still had my brothers here on earth
Come on Mavs dont let me down
lol just got your message! I'm great, how about you?
Visit us at Al Teatro 10PM-1:30AM TONITE 1223 W. 18th St in Pilsen.Great jazz Pro jam Free parking no cover Late menu inexpensive drinks
Kevin Martin = clutch tonight! And Kyle Lowry deserves to be an All Star. Let's get out and make sure we vote for him.
No more TO's Saints.
Sure, I'll pretend to give a shit about new years.
i like your new backround & icon (:
sup, trampoline? :)
One of the most significant meetings in the world is taking place now: the American College and U Presidents' Climate Commitment.
this is killing me, but I'll never admit it to you.
Just came back from Church:-) Happy Good Friday:-)
Postrockology in the morning >
thanks! definitely check us out.
FINALLY found Strawberry Harvest in Chitown! Now if the weather would cooperate, I'm ready for summer outdoor drinking.
Hahaha I guess it is easier to wait in line than wait for the shipping.
Nicely done, btw. Would love to do some kind of comprehensive comparison. How many total response-time minutes might be saved?
Once you had the best...well thats it. No comparison.
Think "Rico Suave", not "moustache". RT : Quick correction, it is Gerardo with two R's and no L. Gerardo Concepcion.
great movie... miss you
Interesting to see Mayor Bloomberg do everything in his power to ensure that people come out in droves for May Day.
that's for the follow! We love the Rod Ryan show! Always checking his crazy links
it's match day here at Penn today! I am always learning something new.
Thanks for our great partners and guests talking social for regulated industries
Any hangovers today? lol Good morning tweetiessssss!!
RT : Math teacher? Go with Tablet & Microsoft OneNote & wireless projector ... life will be immensely better
Something about women in leopard dresses
Balloon Museum & combo tickets available now! $8/adult for one session & Museum entrance. #505-880-0500 to purchase
"where's your holocaust?"
HAMMER TIME!!!
you're having a little too much fun! TGIF (is TX warmer than here?)
LOVE it. So. Much.
I am even more depressed this yr because I had a sliver of hope. fading fast.
Any excuse to bash the #RedSox this season. Josh Beckett golfing isn't smart but also isn't a big deal. He was never really injured.
In a game full of liars it turns out that I'm the truth
not a cute look.
There's no reason we can't do this again in June! We only need 45,000 #Orioles fans!
Can't wait to see you in a couple of weeks!
... in a basically healthy society, rather than islands of hardship in a pathologically unequal society.
IT WILL RAIN on the radio! should be a good game ;)
I hear u. Took me two hours man
1968: "Music people never wanted ordinary drinks. They wanted sake, or champagne cocktails, or tequila neat" - Joan Didion, The White Album
If My Headphones Are In , I Clearly Cant Hear You ... Stop Fucking Talking To Me ! Preciate It :)
dude let me know when you head to the #apple store to buy the new #iPad. I'm going with yuh.
tell her save me some Bacon! Lol
PLEASE start a serious campaign 2 end speed and traffic cameras. They don't increase traffic safety: They only raise revenue.
Presenting this morning & showing your storify on #AnthonyShadid. How many minutes to produce that?
Since you cant handle the truth. . Ima
if we are planting in NYC shouldn't we be doing some type of site survey? Happy birthday man!
love the montgomery inn ribs, best ever had
follow me do I can DM you my number
#parents #health Over 50 percent (50%) of school students report seeing or hearing of a Bullying situation in
Juliet Simms back to blonde?! Ah i loue you! Killing it on
yup love
ok say sorry
Lucky I hate those pandora commercials.
Entertain me. Tell me your funny stories from the weekend. I may send you a free sample of Closing Time if you make me laugh ;)
Deandre Jordan has Braylon Edwards' hands.
Also, I'd appreciate a Saint Bernard with a little whiskey jug around its neck right about now.
Dropping sexy, deep and tech house at Kyma lounge 1st floor of the EPIC hotel....
Glad you back home.....how are you
I will be there! FUN. You know Tulsa is my old stomping grounds...don't tell anyone you know me ;).
Okay, totally not enjoying sitting between 2 chatty little girls right now.
Design for the whole family inc Parent as Learning partner.
That aint gone do nothing, ill find it.
Happy Monday folks!
Poised Creation network is continuing to be built.
You? How was NAB?
#aam2012 Sometimes Boring, Sometimes Interesting: great example of new scholarship
love it.. Good for you. Love the drive & passion.
Great to see you and meet your dad today. Let's try to grab coffee sometime soon and catch up.
i know all about it. lol, we had the worst offensive line in football last year, and still made the NFC champ game.
Welcome home fail. My dog was so excited to see me he split my lip open. Nothing says we missed you like a fat lip.
idk you tell me
I won't be at Night Strike till probably 730, 8 this week.. we could put a date on the calendar to talk though, if you'd like!
I call dibs on in the office baby pool!!!!
found some good map librarian resources today
Ugh, Interleague play is back again. Guess I should revel in the last season where it only takes up a few weeks before it's everyday next yr
hold up rewind since when you
The Marina will never be the same #youwillbemissedburell!
Going 2 work.
People are aware that James Bond drank a "Miller's High Life" in Live and Let Die, right? That's both beer, and product placement.
Tuesday. 1:05. Padres (6-16)? The stadium will be EMPTY!! Maybe we should buy cheapo's and move down?
Do You Really Wanna Love Me Forever ? (: -J.Cole Work Out <3
I heard your Malkovich on #DLM. I think you're channeling Anthony Jeselnik.
the man said scraps needs 2 go 2 the vet, but scraps stomped his paw & said no. then scraps paw REALLY hurt. current status: at the vet.
Rain rain go away
LAST TIME TO SEE EXCITING SOUNDS OF AL MARTINO PHOTOGRAPHY SHOW, 1ST FRIDAY JULY 3: WWW.THEFALLOUT.NET
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 4::I can't stand beer, aquired taste my behind! LOL!!
why the hell dont I follow you on pinterest?!
OK my friend. I'm up and running. Someday soon I will have something interesting to say...I promise. Until then, Happy New Year.
Thanks to for speaking at our Senior Management Interchange earlier this week!
#LakerNation !! Let's Go
Haha I know right ?
Made: I Wanna Be A Ladies Man will always be my favorite episodes
PPS - I met Michael Tokin at an event in December. Definitely felt that karass / kin-ness in his presence.
that's a good one
New Avengers, New Batman and New Spiderman movies this summer... Too bad we can't run cars on nerd semen.
starting to think better comparison might be Truman and armed forces than Lincoln. Similar level of risk, pressure, courage
“: Heartache, heartache, I just have so much. A simple love with a complex touch.” and there is nothing you could say or do..
Half price bottles of vino open to close...Happy Saturday!
just went to americas best yep yep:)
Sure, you can say that some of them aren't attractive to you cuz not everyone has the same taste, but to say you don't like them? HOW?!
#My1stYearAtFAMU At least I tried to warn people about that hole... It never worked though... LMAO
To ClIent: Can I go home? From Client: Can you work from home If I need you to? To Client: I guess I can. From Client: ok, free to go
We were happy to have the #1812 Bicent. Comm. meeting at our place. If you are interested in putting on related programs, give us a call.
oh i'm sure haha
So the fact that outside of Big Ben, they played alright vs. good QBs, still had an easier schedule then most. We'll see in '12
Chris Paul Time!
Peter Feinstein will be on #HotHeadHappyHour w/ tonight at 7! Listen on or !
-support toll free is busy, servers are down, and no way to open a ticket at myrackspace. Can we get an update from the RS team?
A lot of people hate on Rufus Wainwright's take on it, but it's pretty good!
Bailey hasn't been an ace by any means, but it's not like he's been terrible either.
(2/3) For I dance And drink and sing, Till some blind hand Shall brush my wing. If thought is life And strength and breath,
whoa. lots of tweets from you with links. I might be inclined to follow you back, if you made some non-link tweets.
So #Calipari is Grand Marshall for the #PegasusParade today?! I'm making a sign. Suggestions on what it should say?
im jk. You're a natural. ;-)
#BiggestRegret not calling jaheims manager back
Dude, Rappers that say the same verse 20X, it really sucks! I could do that, wish I could get some doe just saying the same thing!
where are you sitting at fantabuloso !?
Tell me you guys do "The Boy Is Mine" when you have late nights in the writers room.
#DLife #DLifeTheSeries #DrewWatters #TimothyLaneDoty I am so honored to with them on DLife the Series, look for it on Facev
okay thanks.
Thank you for sharing your poem! Beautiful and I can very much relate! :)
Though I like most of your work on BTW, I particularly love the production on Electric Chapel, Heavy Metal Lover, and Judas.
Get what?
In a taxi he is playing the hits
Everything is moving slow.right now
RT : Via NAIOP: Taking sustainability to the next level? Read major trends shaping sustainable development from Dan......
#ILikedYouUntil I caught u fucking the dude that sits next to you at work.
If inclusion of (& adherence to) stage directions obviates the need for a director? SO BE IT. If that's all they were doing? Skip it.
I got to get to work. It's over son. It's over
Found rocks in my #TraderJoes peanut butter this morning. Yes, I had gotten the "crunchy" kind, but these definitely were not peanut pieces.
Ron Dart~ The objective of false prophets and teachers of whatever stripe is...the influence and control of the minds of men.
Shira!!! I was just talking about this last night!
Both what?!?
is so excited to finally get my chance to play Cinderella in Into the Woods! YES!!! Especially since I'm kinda old enough to play Jack's mom
Bikram yoga kicked my ass today
Obama already planning re-election bid. This is the problem with politicians. How about focusing on doing your job, not keeping it!!!
Lets celebrate our loved ones everyday! :-) Your new version of Young Homie is just WONDERFUL!!
Tomorrow marks my 20th year attending #SIFF. Two decades of love, sex, tears & bloodshed. And, of course, some films.
probably mos wanted, elektrolytes, & RNG. Rng is precise, elektrolytes is entertaining, and mos wanted is, the bomb. \m/
I would really love to see a depressing film about a comedian who was heckled to death.
I require caffeine on an industrial scale. And soon.
fuck. my. life.
Gotta stay focused!
Happy Memorial Day!!
Tbh, that YOLO talk is a fast train to hell.... as a believer you should know that they are already dead until they know Christ.....
Listening to Papaw tell stories about stingy old Dick Frasier - standing out by the barn shivering because he was too cheap to buy a coat.
The lyrics to our song "Don't Give In" have been posted on our blog. Go check them out! :)
i will grab 543891654839016 copies for you :)
netflix instant play?
Gah now isn't letting me look at your blog. Boo
We do what we believe and we say what we feel but we always have something influencing us.
This is so boring.. 
As in all night and everyday... #machopink #manlypastels RT : "...We can party in pink together."
Finally gonna get some nose studs!:)
yes you do haha
Happy Easter TMC. Its been a fun day. I'm gonna relax and snap some Skywalker OG.
Looking for program packages that fit your family's needs and save you money? Check out these special program packages from the Y!...
Easter bunny is grabbing some Easter supplies at where else but my neighborhood Bartell's;-)
after over a year of avoiding twitter.. it happened. Now have an account.
My coolest posts are reserved for the sanctity that is facebook!
Was that a limp or a swag walk?
playing pokemon with my niece lol
this will probably be the Knicks last game
Lebron not cheating, he just doing that soft ish. The refs the dummies falling for it. Flopping is horrible man.
Both are correct. When asked to rate interest, scores seem low, but libraries include OSS options among replacement candidates.
How do employees feel about the company?
RT : #FF American Craft Beer Week
#1Dfact harry says that one of the most romantic things to do with a girl is to take a bath with her with rose petals and candles.
HIlarious show tonight! RT :
Interpreters play a vital role in the fight game, letting viewers know what foreign fighters, and their corner men are saying.
exactly... not to mention Youth Lagoon at milkboy downtown being 21+
Graedons: Seaweed stops bleeding
Brad Pitt
which means yes
who is For Baby? Lol
goodnight Ariana! Sweet dreams love you :*
That awkward moment when shares with the class how he was puking in his sink and poopong on the floor at the same time... Eww
Guess I'll be skipping lunch today. It's from NOM & FOF supporter Chik-Fil-A. Teacher Appreciation Lunch fail.
Way to go Julia! You're right on track for finishing NaNoWriMo! Woohoo.
thanks for the FF
"Reformed" journalist?? I love that.
Who wants to go see that avengers movie this weekend
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
I'll keep you posted as to how it works out! :-)
OK, first impression: Siri, although a little bare-bones right now, is definitely the start of something huge.
bitch you had ONE fight! You AINT bad...
Good choice. “: I guess I'm gonna stay in tonight and enjoy my wine from ”
love that venue, stage 2 is awesome
Day two past due date. Hubby has stomach virus with fever. Need baby to now hold off a day to get hubby well.
Adele takes on women for South Bank awards: Adele, Kate Bush and PJ Harvey' will battle it out for 2012 South Ba..
That sounds delicious but sadly, the Bailey's is tucked away in my parent's liquor cabinet
Ordering my class ring :))))) wow its perfect
Hey U NINA CALL ME!!!
$5 BILLION for Facebook IPO. With that much money, I hope they get an app that corrects my eye sight during the hours I spend staring at it
just sing the Michigan J. Frog song whenever you see the pose! Hello my baby, hello my darling...
I cannot wait to see THE AVENGERS!!!
I miss his big hugs <3
Huh! Why is that?
A poor man cant afford to be lazy
"The temptation to quit will be greatest just before you are about to succeed."
Crap, guess I did RT <sigh> RT : Uh, did I see that Q1 score correctly? 29-7 Lake Show?!? C'mon P-town!!!
Hey I smell SEX...
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fireball
This is very cool!
Girls has two ultimate weapons: MAKEUP and TEARS!
Show me that you still care.
thanks, though
Happy Birthday ! I hope it kicks ass. :)
HI! Small world. :)
To win a postseason game and only CUSA team to still be playing. Let's keep at going today at 7 PM @ Tudor vs Drake. Come out and support!
spending friday nights with >> #BestThingEver 
how about Bjorn Rebney and Dana White...?
If its hot this weekend I wanna go to the lake w my baby and girlfriend
IRL you need a deed to prove ownership but online each location-based service makes up their own rules. How can I claim 1X, use many?
I must follow him through thick and thin.
I didn't see it as argumentative. Just refinement.
im in love withh your song..thanks to ! you have an amazing voice<3
& even if the day turns into night, i will love you by candlelight.
RT : Aristotle “We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. #leadership #entarch < AMEN!
Yes! Andrew is here. :) ♥
Christmas eve eve:) #bam!
If #Macy's can sponsor the #4thofJuly fireworks in NYC why not Chicago?
nope, my parents didn't love me.
Work, golf, drinks...Doesn't sound like too bad of a day for me :)
Goodness gracious all you have to do is lay there with me and you make some cash. What's so hard
OK, fellow gym rats, help a girl out: How do I combat the effect of humidity on my system during cardio? This is happening INSIDE the gym!
Ensenada was amazing, beautiful concert hall with nice Steinway D, good sound, great! Now back in CA, taking redeye to NY
That's Probably The Last Thing You'd Do.
I loved today's weather
Thanks! It was nice to see after a few days of being overcast.
I'll have to chk it out! SB's going well. In SA/ATX, at the the lake, hiking, ziplining.
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 52
I want to be taken...
blake even tried it, i swear to you it taste like chicken...save a beautiful creature who scared the death out of u,HAHA
Great session by from at #secon12. Loved the tangible advice from him and the nonprofit professionals on the panel.
Oh that's a fabulous idea!
Favorite if you like chicken wings. No? My gosh...
Going to school naked today cause YOLO
Cheri Steinkellner&#39;s Tin Pan Alley Musical Hello! My Baby Will Play Lobero Theatre
Titus Livius~ There is always more spirit in attack than in defence.
i follow her now :)
Mayor says more kids can attend kindergarten, a lot more.
great tool! thanks for the follow!
Like the Mystique trigger, Rebellion piques our curiosity to know more.
I can't wait for next season! Finally it seems real! Mexico!!!!
Sister just got engaged!
This Bitch..Right here gets her iPhone How slow Am I to the people who got an iPhone Brianna Im slow
So, Harry and a model named Emma Ostilly had dinner last night....
You can’t beat death but you can beat death in life, sometimes. And the more often you learn to do it, the more light there will be.
The California Academy of "Science" still refuses to consider me for membership, despite my expertise and many publications on ethnology.
Has ever played a movie that wasn't absurd?
bambino won't sleep, so he's banging a measuring spoon while I write and momma sleeps... It's heading to 1am kid, go to sleep.
Jus in thinkin mode that's never safe
Mommys day barbecue. Swimming & tannin in this terrible no sun day:(
Important band meeting tonight
naaahhhh... If anything, the opposite is true!!! ;)
confirmation I'm not insane... or at least not *that* insane
Raucous laughter on the other side of the wall. What's going on in 203/204?
Just because someone tells you that you're right and laughs at all your jokes doesn't make you right OR funny. What is their motive?
Losing respect and trust from your bestest friends ):
how was your day?(:
Banana Boat sunscreen. Good stuff.
The marines commercials make me want to go husband hunting.
keep them coming loving them vids #frustrations# RT
Congrats! We're happy to be a part of it!
why do u miss me? You just saw me the other day
always complains he never had a chance 2 make it in NY. Well, congrats your trending #1 in NY for your horrendous performance!
crouches on the toilet when he poops.
I'll settle for oil being down today, even though the market is up for what I consider to be for no good reason.
My mama talking on this phone like she got all types of friends. Girl bye.
I love my little Asian babay :-)
"No good to fight. But if must fight... win!"
Can u fix graphic of Preseason games live on NFLN so week 3 is SD at AZ and not MIN? And please post on web all pre showings
If we're not supposed to eat late, then why is there a light in the fridge?
Yup (today, now). RT : Thunderstorms possible tomorrow?
Please let's not go there again. Awful campaign!
your welcome 😊
This week at the shop: New art up by Dawn Currie and Joyce Athey! Shep Gold on Friday night from 7-830. We'll be closing early Saturday.
I'm your favorite pongers, favorite ponger
im changing my dp in honor of madre's day.
No , youre not cool.
I Miss you too girl!
some companies asking not only "Where do I start?" but *still* WHY should I start! if you can believe
how was your day baby?❤❤
All Lifers,Spread the word about our account
Really cool video - thanks for sharing!
developed such a powerful platform for change. We just need to launch it everywhere. Changeby.us.
I love when a Korean FOB kid comes to me and talk to me in English w/ really thick accents..I don't mean to sound mean or anything but c'on
Had my last final today. Starting my summer off with three nights of concerts. HOLLS
": What happened to " he got arrested for being an ass
ATTENTION "THE BREAKTHROUGH" IS COMING SOON
Thanks to everyone that came out and supported us last night!!
ArtKollect apps for galleries, museums and arts organizations will help you to reach a entirely new, mobile audience. Find out how!
I got a line "don't ask me where the time went cuz idk" haha I thought it would all be done last year but its looking good 4 2012!
There's still time to fall in love with your skin. Treat yourself to a long soak this weekend. You deserve it.
“: I ran through them hoes, and I ain't talk 'bout Reggie Bush” lmfao!!!
": I remember a long time ago Everett prank called me like "You're gonna die in 7 days" lol fuckin lame" he did dat shit 2me2
strength training. Cardio, not so much.
Pretty cool. RT : Congrats to - they won GRAND PRIZE in the national "Extra Yarn" contest. How cool is that?
please give bday girl a shirt @ ekiblawi
not bothering to read rest of thread bc statement is so profound “: Reading Rainbow made me who I am today”
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. -Anthony Robbins
Can I please just be an actress and be content with waking up everyday doing what I have dreamed to do since I was 5 ? k thatd be great thnx
maybe n a few hours :)
Hey it's BK, Now that we know where Peyton Manning will play, do you think he will win another Super Bowl before retiring?
Just made cube steak & a baked potato, yummy my favorite
If your not a 10 your a 9.9;)
Feeling pretty good that some of my awesome ideas are splattered all over the KatFans.com page.
I don't know! I just woke up and can't fall back to sleep
That's easy. Bacon, obviously :)
Free the Stanford Seven! Game Theory for me. Many thanks for the tip.~Don
what city are you in?
