We are also General and Roofing Contractors 305-232-3344
Finna Go To Boring Ass Science!
I should probably mention that this is the first time he has ever watched the #bachelor ever so doesn't know this is par for the course.
Who is the best movie director of all time?
Doubt it.
A bit late, but good luck (and good job!) to those participating in the IU 5k and minimarathon today!
-- its gotta be over. U know there will be lyrics that she EXAGGERATES the number of syllables.
Please tell that girl if you meet her, that someone's longing to see her....
Thanks for your suggestions/advice. Please let me know if anyone has stylist referrals (per previous tweet).
Yes. I don't care. A little earlier is better...I don't mind late dinner, but my diabeetus does.......
I need to pee. Ugh & its so far.
Questions on your way to the show? Tweet at us!
Point. Proven.
lolol most likely I will
sex between a man and a woman can be absolutely great! Provided its the right man and the right woman.
very good question. Answer in capitalism is market value. It's opinion if you are worthy
nice. congrats on finishing!
2 of 2: Juniper Tar, Wildbirds or Trapper Schoepp & The Shades. Twitter fans, what do you think?
I wish I had a friend like Sheldon from The Big Bang Theory.
Yeahh. But I'm still waiting on my money lol jk
Life is worth the living just because He lives.
could be worse; you could look like the butch haha
I'll be waiting for you guitar in hand, babe
Love this hash tag ❤
Biz travelin' tonight. Hotel restaurant has whiskey cake that requires u to be 21 & buffet now set up for Air India Distress passengers
Picked up a bottle of white zinfandel last night and it was by far the worst drink I have ever tasted.
Write Club tomorrow night at 10 at PushPush. Kick it square in the soul!
Going to see Chimpanzee.
Lady Antebellum Own The Night At Radio City Music Hall
thank you so much for sharing our event! Will we see you there?
good morning:-)
They're usually owned by some frat boy using the cute dog to meet girls...
sitting at costco lookingfor some love come on down ill cook you the best cheesesteak in vdgas see you there
#sschat So, I've decided to create wikis with my classes. Topic: Road to Revolutionary War...I'm excited but this is a big step for me.
ouch -- where was this?
I love when old people go back to school and try and dress like they are teenagers again
Well He drug you because He knew how good you would be at it! :) Thank you for being a blessing to so many.
A pedophile will molest an average of 260 children in their life time, most go undetected
how do you feel about being on SPIN's top 100 guitar players list? Weird or cool?
Don't know how to tell my mom though...😞
it was just like it! Different name tho
My mood jus changed so fast
oh, & thanks about my teeth(;
lol so true lol or i could just b the bottom and 2 of u could DP me :)
I'll get mine in late! Busy ALL DAY but, Aye ... Better late than never :-)
In Spring of 2012 your #movement121 purchase will establish a life changing relationship between you & poorest of #poor across the globe.
Kinda look down on people without iPhone 4's. Go Pack
shut up lol
love your 'isms'
Owww ma mouth hurts soo bad I wanna cry but lemme suk it up and take it like a woMAN
I have a house. I am sleeping in MY house.
Beautiful morning in Atlanta!! Seize the day everyone!!
#stateofthecity Mayor talks about goal of network of trails and bike paths to connect parts of city, 75 more miles by the end of 2012
I think I'm naming my son ROBLE' LIKE THAT CHEF I LOVE THAT NAME OR MY DAUGHTER TAYLOR IM SOLD ON THOSE NAMES STAY TUNED!
Needs my #Steelers starting lineup to not get into issues in GA....
Need Carpet Cleaning? Call Us 1-866-970-CLEAN (2532) We Provide Green Carpet Cleaning Service in Miami www.revolutionarycleaning.com.
I need some lotion.
I can't comprehend that type of preparedness.
Kelly Ozborne looks like they tried to make a Barbie doll out of a Troll doll.
New beginnings.
in tampa;)
Yay! Then you'll want a star wars theme!x
Totally forgot #PennPark opened today. It looks amazing, and this new pedestrian bridge just cut my walk in half.
#nuggets: "Chris has been excused from all team-related activities..."
Just got done hanging my fangs into some rocky road ice cream. :)
I would love too, can you DM me the information needed. Thanks!
you welcome lil mama
Goodnight twitter :)
Hungry hungry hungry hippo...that's me
I'm ready for a good weekend.
More And More by Joe is STILL my favorite song <3
“: thanks for coming to vision x! Halleluja! Black is Beauty! hahaha” I know that's right, Sam. LOL. How are you?
Stop by the Roger lounge Mon-Fri this week for a complimentary glass of red or white house wine!
seriously...I wouldn't have been able to take Star Wars seriously if Lucas used his voice instead of Jones'
oh! Link me. I love zuck gossip.
When it feels too good to be true, it probably is.
Impending* doom, but yeah it would also be an impediment as well...
Your heads a one way street and ive gotta go the other way
I will never, ever understand the appeal of ringtones, maybe because I like vinyl, tube amps, and real instruments.
Amen! RT : A #Capricorn is never afraid to admit when they are wrong, although they are not wrong often.
:) leaving in 4hrs
thanks, Michele, love your background. ;D
Happy Thanksgiving from #IUSUW!
Money is the root to all evil, i guess Ima Evil ass Bitch than...
you saw from the begin of the OSCARS..
Hey friends, don't forget #earthhour tomorrow night at 8:30 local time. See what fun you can find with the lights off!
Got my vote, I'm feelin your campaign
none confirmed yet! Ill mention you on here when we do!
Having an absolutely stellar day!
Got ya !
So cold. Come back sun! Tights in ad just isn't on-trend
0001 is my number ...and the other is my mom's number ! :)
You can't take mornings off.
no comment, but let's just say her makeup looked fantastic.
appreciate the follow ms lady
most definitely!
#DontGiveUpBecause you think that you cannot achieve your goal without trying.
Hahaha “: how can you hate jesus christ? My mom said she wanted go to church I told her broncos don't play till 4...”.
I wish some things would stay forgotten.
Betch is literally kicking my bag out of the way to get a spot on the pole
So if u were at #sxsw right now u would be A)Just getting up B)Just flying in C)At a session D)Just getting in from a party
Last day in SoFla with #agile learners in my #ACP workshop. This group is really on their toes!
I can&#39;t believe I missed the large enterprise social media meetup! So much going on during
I'm not sure all I know Wikipedia is shut down for the day protesting against this, idk what twitter has to do with it
The backpack and beanie goes to... (???) Chris Evans - No clue if I got your handle right!
Hello back !
yea, that would be great, have to get dressed. see u later! :)
She's an overall hot ass mess
Quick Fact: Democrats have elected Nancy Pelosi 150-43 as House minority leader.
No question.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #science because of its great reporting on the nano-world.
My 1,000th tweet goes to because he gets my tweets texted to his phone. And he's the man.
Awesome, congrats! You will both be very happy to have each other
Reminder: free Member ticket reservation for Saturday night's matchup with FC Dallas begins at noon tomorrow (8/25) at JoinSporting.com!
What it do?
Flame Boy!
Happy Martin Luther King Day everyone!
New site on a whole New topic coming soon for ! Look forward to working w/ you again soon
thanks for the props friend!
trey songz PANNTY DROPPER thats his best song to me
YES! Nothing drove me more crazy in library school than last semester folks who never served in a library in any capacity
Architecture encompases dreams, architects interpret into buildings - should never change
Prom tomorrow.... aka night of awkwardness with people i don't like very much.
The sun is shining the weather is sweet im feeling great what a day so far! Bob Marley
V for Vendetta is def the saddest/most amazing movie I have ever seen.
really? awwh:/ people are stupid well im number 6 ill look for you and come meet you! are you going to the chachi workshop?
#youthviolence BostonFoundation gets what it takes to be a strong Phil leader by working with city initiative to raise $15m from pvt sector
Who uses Twitter with middle sch students? Have activities, lessons, experiences to share?
Lol You like it there or no?
I don't know how I am going to make it with this I phone as much as I text....I be gettin on this bb
hopefully they will throw you the mic cause Axl can't sing worth a fuck
Trying to start working my way toward vegetarianism starting tomorrow.
Lonnie Bunch-Collaborations are an opportunity for conversations between museums and add to the depth of scholarship.
ShelterBox's David Eby was first to deliver shelter to Haiti. He's back in US to report on aid efforts. Interview avail.
lol you're an embarassment to the entire female population
dj at food and wine best new chefs awards
Just heard we got some love from That's pretty insane. Thank you for the support. #TeamOtenki continues to grow!
I was kidding ; you're my bestfriend.
RT : The work of the Sondheim Artscape Prize finalists will be on display at starting June 16.
Cool Thank you!
104.1 is on it tonight! Im gonna go ride im pumped! Im going to work tomorrow at 8 if i like it or not
Is it appropriate to put up a Dallas Cowboys logo as something scary to decorate for Halloween? :-) I still cant stand those guys...
Ernst Gräfenberg was another German-speaking Jewish scientist involved in development of #birthcontrol - he invented the IUD...
How about South America? :-) RT : Ima study abroad next year idk where yet
I watch ABDC just to see what kinda outfits they got on!!!!
I do mostly interstate driving. I'm at almost 35, varies if I do a lot of small trips, but usually 34.8-35.4 most the time.
I swooning like big time hahaha 😍
25 cents from every Pepper Bacon Cheeseburger purchased from November 10th-12th will go to support The Home Front War Relief Fund! Join us!
they'll win the East
TYSM! Have a great weekend! RT Tweeps with great streams!
RT You lift my feet off the ground, you spin me around . You make me crazier ... crazier ♥ #np .
so they announced it? ^___^
Really? LOL. I am looking for a pic of me throwing up the rock sign or something, they will love that!
are we watching you drive live now!?
The entire state of North Carolina appears to be under construction.
Her stank donkey's butt jackass.:_:-)
We want innovation without experiencing failure. We want to embrace the new without risk. We want to adapt but fear the death of familiarity
oh boy LOL so you got a Facebook? add me if you do!
You mad my nigga, Shit its hard not too.
pls get ur sis. I'm trying to write and she is in the kitchen, cooking stew and twerkin to 112 :-/
#SXSW has officially changed from the Interactive crowd to the Music crowd.
Had coffee, finished a book, loaded dishwasher, applied for a job. Not bad for 10:30 a.m.
ya or thiers something on tv haha
Researching potential clients is highly important!!
yes brother jabril, yes
My goal for today is to take photos around the neighborhood. This includes Margie the cat, ducklings, and the illegally parked orange Honda.
Thanks Trevor. I think that would probably be the best way to go. Would you recommend doing so?
that he's 30, or that he acts that way at 30? #carefulimthirty. (:
lol If you like country music you'll like him
will check on that for you and tweet back. thanks for the headsup.
Feels to good outside to be in class
DING DING DING DING :)
Get up and get your grind in gear!!
Falling for new cut, Falling for you....check out on youtube....gorgeous voice!!
lauging @ the MYSPACE GANGSTER lookin like the dead BITCH 4rm the RiNg..! dnt let ur BD dis u again in front of his wife's FRIENDs..! hahah
Up. Wat's tweets?
Quote for the Day! It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Donna Summer R.I.P. Damn, another good one.
I like being high cuz its a better view...
Getting ready to go watch my sons 1st field day. Got my video and still cameras ready to shoot.
Thanks! Glad to be back. Nothing makes me miss the USA like being in Europe! :)
Thanks for the amazing soaps! Feel like eating them :)
never say I tried to get you followers. (X
I love Pentatonix! Aren't they amazing?
a little of both ;) just a quick trip. Beauty of living so close.
Turkey Cheeseburger witt.... fried onions ketchup and... french fries.. Yum
save the date: May 7....CBS 48 Hrs...Lisa Stone's story! www.fortheloveoflisa.org
Preparing to be overwhelmed by geeky awesomeness. :)
Your pain and your passion is connected to your purpose
T-mobile is the worst cell phone company ever established!
can't remember. Younger fellow, has girlfriend that works at Kent school district.
Artists unite! " #PipeDreams... the #plumbing of #Life..." ~rnd
It's SO HOT that ...hot water comes from both taps.
Anyone gots some shoes I could borrow?
Sometimes you have to let someone be wrong. It's better than wasting time arguing.
Will do! Mahalo! Hope you are doing well!
Rhum agricole uses the sugarcane juice, like cachaça... Jamaican style is a 19th c. style ... funky, flavorful, spiced.
Sittin outside of school waitin for my mom to pick me up during crazy 80 degree Michigan weather
I literally will be up all night packing and cleaning up. I'm not ready for this. Not ready to leave.
Wallace and gromit. Google it
Spring is here...Think it'll finally snow?
It's whatever.
Knowledge is not a guarantee of good behavior, but ignorance is a virtual guarantee of bad behavior. -Nussbaum
This twitter page is only about info at the Fells location- to be honest most of us haven't been to the Savage location
glad you are on board as we cashed two easy winners,and move to 4-0 this week I #playtowin and have connections around the world
Life is burritoful! :-)
Cycled another 17 miles today, now the battle between me and the kitchen begins.
Yo Gov, hate to break it to ya, but cutting the House Page Program and saving that 5mill a year, aint gonna get us our A rating back.
Boswell as a member of Charles II's court: dangerous men in danger.
your loser . Lol
RT Putting the "wanna" in Tijuana, bienvenido a Twitter!
it's fine lol
talked me into it. Watching now.
i know! I couldn't believe that! poor thing
lol ya just entered to see them in dallas wbu
This is what I was talking about last night -->
Looking forward to the family party today.
Long Island City Is Perking Long Island City's coming of age has been much desired and long delayed. But development in the waterfront Qu
So the city of Denver was named after the last Dinosaur? Or vice versa?
Trying to figure out if I can squeeze in Dewey's 24hr #readathon. Four mile race on Sunday, so I would need to sleep some. Or, would I?
Fuck stress have sex
Thx for staying up late to watch Monica. Much appreciated.
Some lady asked if she could buy my hair....
what imma go to bed for? Tha night's still YOUNG!!
Thanks for the recommendation!
Good morning, Willow! :)
I got ghost chiles on my mind- muy picante!
$20 million of government waste in #PembrokePines to be turned into vocational school for #Broward residents
Dirty mouth? Clean it up, with new orbit mint mojito.
Who knew chooing and designing your class ring is so difficult!!!
yow fbi watch fb you zeet
So far everyone that tweeted me has better seats than I do . O.m.g.
Learned something funny about my mom yesterday on our day outing: she has had enough of Florence and the Machine, she says.
hahah. How was your night?
First draft of group study homework is done. Time to get ready for the marathon of parades today!
Hmm lets think of a bout TT.
shit.like always.well like sometimes haha ok ima shower.see you for dinner<3
Hey , how about dropping an or track from 's mixtape ;) Now that's some bhangra superstars!
The other guys to funny!!
Great call. While you're at it, would you teach him to play harmonica? I don't want to leave him without a livelihood.
"your grandma was a poor person? No offense thats kinda of gross" - little girl I'm baby sitting talking on the phone with her friend
whiryball is officially my favorite sport.
wont answer my fbook msg but i bet he'll see this tweet tho! smh!
thanks for the fun times last night , lets do it again sometime!
Haven't twitted all day, I'm slacking
TeamOMG Stay Talking Mess But Nobody Even Knows Wth They Look Like Cause All They Do Is Hide Behind OMG Girlz Pics STFU
I put my iPhone on shuffle and it made me realize some of the songs on my phone are soo weird haha :)
I wonder if my mama will cook me breakfast
fuck snow , yea right fuck snow
Tigers fan:- Why does rain hates the Yankees so much? Yankee Fan:- We get tht hate a lot.
I've lived in Milwaukee for 6 months and have had to call each month about my internet bill. Seriously, your service is horrible.
Compromise is wise sometimes--we live to fight again. Weakness is unwillingness to compromise . Obama has not caved, progressives have.
yow my cuz just wrote on facebook he comment on a girl picture on say sexy boby G - shit
RT : best approach to a talk I've heard in a while! Great job man! Very informative session! (Thanks a bunch!)
Pleasure meeting you Monday night in Memphis! Had a lot of fun. Enjoyed the showcase and meeting new people! see you on the tour
The Project Diaries Available September 30th, 2010
thank Im gonna reject it. Dont trust those players as much as ARod. I think the 2.1 for 2.8 swap wouldve done it tho
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass...
We r s crewed
Having excerpts of 's book read to me as I drive through TX and OK. Love it!
I knowww!! Hey I have an idea, you should sneak back to america with cody then come with him to Indy!!!! Hahahaha
i'm just staying up late to Skype you <3
Last week a lady said I looked like the young Elvis.. Liked that one better
One Direction Giveaway !
Register for our upcoming fall events today! Awesome opportunities and a great way to help cancer research!
What's the method for reporting offensive comments in articles. You've got an antiSemitic one in your "missed votes" article
Thoughts and prayers to friends and fam in Dallas / Ft. Worth. Lots of tornadoes and bad weather. Hang in there.
Yep, plural. Sort of like the old joke about what's worse than finding a worm in one's apple (half a worm). ick.
I hate when guys refer to girls as 'Bitches' ; Calling a girl that won't make you look 'cool'.
Great day in #Zion today! Off to for an ass juice tonight with our new friends!
Now watching: Notorious B.I.G. Behind the Music on
Is there a bigger waste of money than naming a star after someone?! I bet Sarah Phillips runs that shit too.
Time Magazine's new cover is a 26 year-old mom breastfeeding her 4 year-old.. What is the age at which its no longer cool to offer the teet?
5... Per week... Woulda had more but 2 towns in my territory don't allow drive thrus.. woulda had 40-50.
here comes your receipt!
Setting 6 alarms so you can wake up from your nap and go to class.
: The time for compromise on the #debtceiling is NOW. No more delay!
uh, yeah. i took it easy on the way in, too.
love u
Awesome! I really would like to help out with merch/street team stuff. I helped sell in MI for you and Matt and I loved it!
#ICantStandPeople who can't go like 5 minutes without lying !
Shower flow!!!!
Careful out there Seattle, it's gusty!
Nova's hurt. :(
On this day, 1953, in my great-grandparents home, my mother was born! HAPPY BIRTHDAY, MOM!!! I LOVE YOU!!!
Word of the Day: Brainspin- The inability to sleep because of your mind fixating on a thought.
: We need to seek & to find a method of instruction, by which we may teach less, but learners learn more."John Amos Comenius
WEBN and the Whiz pump me up.
Farrah, now Micheal. What a day A world without Micheal.
Thing is, '60s were ripe with creativity: Light My Fire/Bluebird/G.Harrison/Hendrix: Wind Cries Mary defined a genre of guitar.
get me with the
Time Warner Cable is the worst ever. I need my MSG
Nice, good luck!
ZOMG I DON'T BELIEVE MY LUCK! EffeminateLemming.com is available!
Wow. Doing a walkthru of the after party venue. This is going to be amazing.
Really wish I could go see play at amped tonight. :(
#nfais transliteracy is not the same as information literacy, but might get you swarthy.
It's funny how my twins won't let me fit the little dresses I like!
I'm so tired of all this :( I'm being pushed to my breaking point and all I have to blame is myself.
I went to last year to see 's graduation and it was special
Not yet :) Did you just now get yours?
anybody else been listening to 's 'widower's heart' nonstop for like two weeks?
first step of #filmmaking is #scriptwriting so today we're getting our frenzy on let the games begin
Off the top of my head he should try: SPCALA (Long Beach), 562/570-7722; Pasadena Humane Society , (626) 792-7151.
you sing like a sweetheart
“: The number of followers you have does not make you any better than anyone.. Hitler had millions.. Jesus had 12” I love it
All I want for Christmas? A victory over
kinda figured so. lol
I understand..sometimes it beez like that!
See you in a few hours for #sfmayor event...groundbreaking!
thank you baby o:-)
Would you mind in dj headphones sounds beautiful
I used to watch them too, with my daughter... and son. Too much fun to miss. : )
That works for me... . If that doesn't work, I can DM you my personal address. Thank you so much!
Pictures of you by the Cure just does it for me.
nothing beats the cool weather and colors this time of season.. We're still in the 80s here in
I big hoodie or a small one? They would both be huge on you.
Late night Oreo run with
that's awesome!
Love Selena Gomez.So popular and nice.
Boring to some, but always a great day for me, watching #themasters. Don't judge.
oh, I support it, but much of it existed in the 80s in Smalltalk IDEs
has an alter ego it's
Oh, and happy Earth Day Milwaukee! Tonight's specialty cocktail will be a $5 Green Machine.
melodic adjective relating to the melody (=main tune) of a piece of music
Whoever designed the PS3 Black Ops multiplayer...try harder next time.
That has to be pretty cool, having Derek Jeter give you congrats on your first Major League Hit.
Good luck tonight have fun tonight and I think you will do good because your amazing :)
Some laws are meant to be changed because they make no sense! #Morocco wake up!
The FW has it right: "if what jessica chastain says is true, I hope I never meet terrence malick."
profile of the average commenter:
you like it. Lol. Oh boy
We can all unite, through the music of life.
needs some attention
Nature does nothing uselessly. -- Aristotle
Haha... you refereed to us as "her" so we were cofused! :)
How do you not turn that?
i see you BATTIER!
Damn tell us how you really feel! Tebow stays classy...NY reporters don't play! #tebow BUT still no mention of Elway...hm
If I am in NY I will cook for you!
Opened 99 to 900, LP and BB call, I cbet 223r for 1600, LP calls, turn T, bet 3200, river J, bet 3200, he calls with AT...meh
Ahh, I hope I look as pretty as you did. 😘
#np When your lost and tired, when your broken in two, let my love take you higher, cuz I still TURN TO YOU <333
cant wait to get to ASU in the fall
For all kids and youth going back to school, if you see bullying - stop it. Tell a teacher. Tell a friend. Tell a parent.
Sleep is for the weak...
u uggs man
Getting ready for Day 2 of Chatty Crafty, amid one of the best selections of vendors I have ever seen. See you there, Chattanooga!
When i move i shall make it a point to go eat at Perkins at least once a month!(:
is lord of the thundercatss
Is it me or does VP Biden look like he has gas?
Oh I sure hope not hahaha...
so I need a job..ha
Anyone know what is using to get spotlights around its live screen demo?
Romney: No reason he is running. Newt: 1 reason he is running.
At the Acqua Al 2 wine tasting event..the food and wine combos are delicious...www.acquaal2.com
summer :D
At work #DiamondsSouth watchinh these gurls shake dat ass. Ready to go home
Hey *high five* I'm sick too! :D lol I have a sore throat...wbu?:)
RT : [Removal of Unitrin letters] Reverse Urban Wheel of Fortune.
Fantastic! Just reposted this.
As if I wasn't having a tough enough time liking Ramirez.
What a dream come true! 's #TheDramaYears is such a devotion to her passion and Girl Talk's mission. We couldn't be more...
I'm off so it can happen.. RT : I wanna fuck the shit outta #oomf this weekend.
that's why we like him.
RT Also: I need caffiene. Stat. All that's in the store right now is Diet Dr. Pepper... And that shit's anathema.
Just finished watching “Back to the Future” and after all these years it’s still one of the greatest movies of all time!
he got addicted to crack
...I WANT TO PLAY YOU IN BASKETBALL. I HEARD YOU ARE PRETTY GOOD. WHATS UP MR. PRESIDENT? YOU SCARED HUH!
RT : This is an interesing fact I just learned: First cousins can marry in NC. (Unless they are of the same sex, I assume).
I find it fascinating when someone can express themselves more eloquently in their 2nd language than I can in my native tongue.
Thank you, Megan! Really! :D
Like Universal Studios during spring break, AWP has closed registration to ensure safety. Good thing. Writer stampedes are ugly.
Foreclosure auctions banned from downtown San Diego courthouse steps. [with court order] bit.ly/os0cnC
Amen to that!
wat u been on
if anyone else needs photo edits please tell me
are you in San Antonio? because I have a friend who's saying on here how hot all the AF boys are haha
QWrap) Donald Clark, ISD and ADDIE historian & beer and scotch drinker
I want one!!
thanks to two beautiful ladies!
Oh Barry, you're too much. RT Pres. Obama: "I'm just a sucker for the Tar Heels."
yes, done research... Not donating but like the idea of "making him famous" war criminals that rape young girls deserve vengeance
excellent! how about 15 minutes or so? 6:50?
A 21st century sentence: "Son, you have to watch youtube or TV--you can't watch both."
OMG OMG OMG THE BOYS ARE ON E!!!!!
oh shit dont remind me I gotta be at this lame ass job back on monday
Nospectacle now at Bookies tavern.
Best touchdown ever
my #megabus driver legit played a pirated planet of the apes...have a feelin his superiors wouldnt like being associated w such activities
haha I'm the best at fangirling! Could you help get #1DtoOmaha trending? We're dying out here trying to get to boys to see us! <3
Lol aye its the truth if im only talkin to a girl for one reason I dont wanna talk to u unless were bouta to smash
My main squeeze is in Baltimore so I guess I'll snuggle up with my puppies tonight,
“: how have you been doll?”good! Miss ur energy & now want spaghetti :)
thank you for the kind words!
I'm going to sleep Goodnight
Come bail me out of here and let's go frolic in a field! Work schmerk!
If you've never tried running in the rain- definitely a must!! Goodbye toxins, hello freedom
I'm very hungry
Wondering if listening to my end of recorded interviews is ever going to get less excruciating.
Long Island Medium
I have some incredibly awkward run ins sometimes...
maybe Bi? Or just a straight up freak hah
follow cafe 41 and pizzeria a new downtown restaurant in financial district! :)
Hear, hear!
If #thurston decided we needed to chnge electric/gas delivery why switch to govt run vs. Co-Op where "we the people"own and reap benefits
“: #moment4life driving down U Street with singing Dog Days Are Over @ the top of our lungs.” Love that song! Memories.
God bless America! I am officially pissy! Can't #followback nobody, everything I do is 'forbidden' wtf?? Any help is appreciated! :)
It wasn't tonight! Bo
Then, why u just don't answer your phone the first time?
Will you be staying in CA? Or working out of HH? And again, congrats!
So, my Google+ looks super fly. Now all I need to do is get social - so, add me, friend me, circle me, do what you gotta do.
Life is short, so do what you need to do NOW- InSpotter mobile app
Light Skinned Niggas Scream like Females when they see they Homeboy in the Club.. "Ah Jeff, I aint seen you in forever!"
You called me bitch for short , i'll call you motherfucker for long ..
Doin' the kitchen shimmey to the Commodores 'Lady'...impossible to not at LEAST tap your toe. Wish I had on roller skates and sequins...
Best of luck to #AztecForLife Kawhi Leonard. NBA debut at 5pm on NBATV...Go
Haha oh god..I totally envisioned you in pedo form right now saying that. I'm so creeped out! :P
I fucking hate crazy copy ladies!
Would kill for good coffee right about now
your momma let you date, baby? ;)
Which pair of shoes made it out of the closet and into today? obvi. Rain rain go AWAY.
Who is the best singer of all time?
Thinking about what I want in a girl, but not being able to find her...
I said I only wanna work a max of 20 hours a week, and I will definitely will be working 30 hours the next few weeks....
#Beirut #Lebanon in 6 days !!!
Stats test took me 2 1/2 hours 👎I need a beer 🍺
Dead tired and it's hot as hell outside
“: Horny :)” i wanna suck ur Dick im horny to
the Pythagorean theorem is so sexy.
Good morning world
where do i know you from?
Anyone know any future bad ass programmers in the Detroitish Area? Let me know.. we got a super secret internship brewing.
RT : RT : "Very disappointed by statements at SC GOP debate supporting waterboarding. Waterboarding is torture."
Agreed. Bush might make a good buddy or a good neighbor, but not a good president.
The DC Hackathon was very impressive! Looking forward to Maker Mondays!
got what i wanted now what
If you think that some day it's going to occur, some day it possibly will happen.
wat a stupid mother f-er a dumb ass son of a B kick me out of his tinychat room whille i was talking to my friend jon are you serious?!?!?!?
Hi Wendy! Thank you for confirming. Everyone who participates is sent the mailing address link. Only actual winners were...
Hanging out with my two little favorite people in the world ;-)
Don't Cry for Me: Madonna Parties on in Wake of Pirated Demo
New boys top 20 pop!
saw a job for a social media copywriter that called for 7+ years of social media experience. is that possible?
uninsured that face high hospital bills-the sys currently has protections. just have to know what they are. info is power
Hayward leaving #Butler for the #NBA? WWW.ussportspages.com
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Rise & Grind - Hello Monday ! Another week to be your best. Good Morning Tweeps!
God has prove to me that he is still in control...love you father.
<--- Voben to music
How is #Jagr not trending?!? Maybe no one outside Pittsburgh or Detroit cares about Jagr.... Maybe
All Or Nothing just came on my Pandora. Remembering the good times with
Up and ready for the grind
#BHAG = "big hairy audacious goal" from Sascha Lewis, CEO of
ima about to take u to another level bitch ! MONSTER ha it kills me..
Really diggin her!!
Who else gon invest in u if u don't invest in yourself
First day no soda.. I think I may be losing my mind calling people the wrong names and dropping a bowl of crackers! Go Me!!!!
yes, I do struggle if it is more than me. Suggestions?
Up n at 'em... Well UP anyways.. There's nothing to open to be 'at 'em' just yet ;)
OMG I DMED YOU ITS SO IMPORTANT LIKE REALLY PLEASE ANSWER OR ILL CRY
Unless they're going to succumb to a juicy screaming fight, the guys drunkenly, loudly, & amiably chatting down on the street can shut it.
Anger manages everything poorly.
ORA A*** LMFAO :) ": Today is national punch the bitch who annoys who most day!"
Goodnight moon, goodnight dragon, goodnight star w/ a breath mint in ur nosey poo, goodnight turd w/ corn in it, good morning evil spirits!
Do you have the link to the video where justin say's that his fans are a little inappropriate ? :o
There's this dude sleeping on the train, but he has his Mariachi music on total blast from his Blackberry
Happy Friday everyone! Eat healthy today...
Most females gay !
it was!!! I was doing my happy dance
Empty McDonalds bag in the trash in the men's room.
yep, we must've been typing that at the same time.
A good friend is one who shows up in your life, who shares moments that matter.
guys send me your favourite songs please :) will be very grateful xx.
": Starving!"lol u always starving
see you :)
sure :D
More #FF Tweeps to add to your xmas list: (I love this app) and
Sure! Maybe Wednesday after TFI. Does that work?
speaking live Fred Dicker's says he hopes to get NY works passed - a jobs program in budget
Coffee = Happiness! Haven't I said this before?
#DontDeleteICONicBoyzTwitter ! please tweet it to me !!!! - ashley (:
Haha we do? And thanks (:
New topic - Again E1: Will the lens be damaged if a weatherresitent body leaks?
I's gots lotta opinions which seem to place me in the "liberal"/"progressive"/"leftist" box. (Except I don't mind making money.)
Open Office - freeware
We'll be on most likely June 3rd at the Down and Out, and I'll most likely be in your audience on the 7th.
My Mom is such a cunt
Butler 3 for it's last 17.
thx for the follow handsome! Xoxo! ;)
I hate when someone tweets at me and then deletes it right away and I never get to see it. What did it say? What's in the boo??
Happy belated birthday and enjoy your weekend!
Dangg lol go get some sleep ahaa, I slept alright tho sweetheart (:
so fun meeting you!! Looked for you after the show to give you my card but couldn't find you. Yay for twitter! ;)
watchin some weird shit with high but who cares
I think it's a yes..haha.
you no answer?
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
the only thing cigarettes are perfect with is cancer and lungs
ok well post THAT picture.
And super thanks to the #CrankyTalk team, for their late night house call and presentation intervention.
If only there was a happy ever after... </3
#Houston's new #AppleStore in #HighlandVillage to open March 16.
hey gurl, my mom just told me she saw your mom at kohl's and it reminded me to ask you again about the driver manual!
,and more will be in the spot!! $5 Drinks allnite!! Security by X-Men!! So No bs This Way!!! VIP Sold Out!!! This is gon bang!
Nothing like a great haircut to start off the week
dawg we need the code to boost our followers turbo style lol
well, well, I believe it's gin o'clock.
Wish me luck with testing today. I'll need it.
rt : think it's hard getting along with someone? what if you were a two-headed #dragon kenrolston.com/?p=4006 #draw365”
Bout to get my grades up
Going to see the plain old Harold tonight. None of this experimental improv bullshit.
Come join us for thanksgiving brunch in the Abq Grill! Make your reservation today 505.830. 5791
Thanks for the follows! and .
I'm so jealous! Where are you going in the Caribbean? St. John is my favorite! What about the 24th or 25th?
I do not drink much ether,, just like tequila shots now and then...
Making tea like a British little bitch.
thanks for the tip. Will do!
No rain. Yet. (Hide yo kids, hide yo wife)
is there an Arrested Development reference here that I can't recall?
We seriously have the SAME opinion about this! Look at all of my last tweets! theirs alot tho lol
You would. How's NOLA?
I know you have been waiting for this but I officially understand why you give so much shit.
Beautiful day in Chicago
For perspective Suh got caught that happens a lot you just never see it..Right ? Hell no but not uncommon even in HS football
#terranova so it was a kid in the bag I thought for sure it was drugs its always drugs
Happy birthday to my nigga cody!
Wait Wait Wait.... Liriano is coming out of the bullpen now?....
Read the group presentation assignment carefully and tweet any questions you have, being sure to use #mscdeng3510 in your tweet.
Star Wars: TOR coming to Xbox 360!
Are y'all tuned in to the game?? Phoenix at San Antonio! #PITTSBURGH #support. !
#Jets now have Holmes and 2 old, old wrs with ? Depth. They may be calling TO or Moss before season ends.
Oh you go to my school *block*
To-Doom list. I like it. ;) I feel your pain and pouring a glass of wine can help at times, for sure. And a good cardio session.
EVERYBODY IS BEAUTIFUL, especially So you irrelevant hating fucks can sit.
haha you're definition of haterade...or maybe even troll, have to hold on to that.
ohai. My Name is Angela and im the only ugly Mahomie.
Wednesday nights might make my DVR explode. Why can't it record four shows at once??
thank you. Love you
Swag on maximum mind on taxing em
Had a major thunderclap in Tonawanda. If that was an explosion, god help us.
tweet who ever you want hon its your choice
if anyone experienced an issue in Magento where the imported product image was not set to default. We found the solution.
thanks for the RT
Bruins clinched the 2 seed tonight. See you in 6 weeks with
you're in denial thats ok. I understand... Now i get it. My favorite by marsha abroious is lose myself. You should listen to it
How many tickets remain for the winemaker dinner ? We'd call soon not to be disappointed!
i love the way dances!!
no #shoppingaddiction here, just stocking up on #whitehot stuff for a long playoff run. 🏀👍
Why are we twitting? www.nathanseth.com
"What do you mean 'you people'?" He set you up perfectly for it, you just missed it!!
Oh no...oh no. I'm on the bad dirty bad scary part of the Internet, and yet...
Thanks a lot , we're honored and excited about all the music people are rediscovering in their lives. It's a real pleasure.
I'm never in withdrawl. (I make and sell ren faire clothes for a living. It's all bodices all the time.)
hey man thanks for the follow check our band Jaded new song "Stage 5"
The Min pronz is back on my dash again... yes yes
I'm a broke college student I can't YOLO yet
MiNES iS GREAT! THANKS F0R ASKiNG! ( :
Prolly bout to hit up A&M..
If you use pandora.com and get annoyed cuz you run out of "nexts" start usin Last.fm its just like pandora but WAYY better. unlimited nexts!
Apparently, I have about 40 mice living in various locations throughout my house. They are here more than I am, but it's still MY house.
only if the person who sees it understands it...so I send you off to college and you...
I knew skynet was real
RT : Bad Boys 2 never gets old!!
Man: "Did I hear that those cupcakes are free?" Girl:"Gluten free." Man:"Oh fuck that"
My knees feel like they've been hit with a hammer...
LOLOLO You said to do it! LOL Just went live today man, need that love!
i wish i could talk with u guys.
The Wire / The Sopranos / Mad Men
why did I think it would be a good idea to go to bed at 3:46 am when I knew my alarm was going off at 6am...#stupid!
sure! What is it?(:
Watching perform on the Grammy's! She looks stunning! So gorgeous
Is so blessed to experience this amazing music being made in the city of New Orleans.
Thanks for a killer meal last nite...loved every course and every minute! Dine on the line rocks, and so do you.
Talking to her <3 ✅ Music on ✅ #NBAPlayoffs2012 ✅
- My guess that JW has been called much worse than "Ed" in the past few months
Hattrick and it's 234! 8th hattrick of the season and 18th for Barcelona! Crazy good!
do you want to DM instead? Feel like we're clogging up people's feeds. lol.
Adam was supposed to live 1,000 years, but sacrificed 70 years so that the eternal life he took away could be given back by David.
would u get the damn fox contract signed...
My sister got the cutest graduation dress from Forever 21 :')
My mom is so exited about your album coming out. Shes going to walmart at midnight to get her own copy. (; <3
Time to eat. From the deli... For the economy!
If there's one thing I have learned about money it's that I have a lot to learn about money.
": Hate when people be like "your a girl you cant smoke" , wtf a bitch that can roll one up w/ you is a keeper"
Thank you!! I'm really excited!! That's awesome, I'm happy for you too!! I've just been finalizing all my college stuff.
No Fab Melo for 'Cuse! Not good for the Orange!
Now is the really perfect time to invest in it, particularly for first time property buyers.
2012 film watching! #15. Best Worst Movie ( Stephenson, 2009). Very funny and awkward documentary about the best work movie ever Troll 2.
U tried to trade on my naivete,but the things u do and say embarrass me,see once upon a time I was ur fool,but the one I leave behind is u.
I'm glad he trust me enough to tell me ANYTHING.
Both Of Us
Great fun to work on edits on a great book | Drafted:The Mostly True Tales of a Rear Echelon Mother F**ker.
Thank you for the kind words.
I rather be #intelligent then #irrelevant!!
Happy Holidays from everyone here at Stars 4 The Cure!
#iCantBeTheOnlyPerson who sleeps without socks !
Okay... The "James Closet" isn't working so well for me anymore. Thinking about taking it down...
#cardiobarre, then #work... too sleepy to move!
Black and Yellow!!! #Steelers!
Good Times on Tyler Perry's Marriage Counseling. Tomorrow back to Flight with Robert Zemeckis
hate hate hate hate
it was awesome! “: Glad you enjoyed hearing from Howard at ! Thanks to for a great event!”
Have a great night Farmers, come by tomorrow and say Hi.....
Saturday night at Lola's in Ft.Worth!
haha....and do remember that mommy is always correct. almost always, anyway. at least until you're 5!
Mammoth splits weekend series with - Colorado 8-2 on season and in 1st place in West. Bye week awaits.
She still seems around eighteen to me!
Happy #spaceandsex day!
National Caviar Day. Break out the bubbly and celebrate!
Apparently, we just had a 4.5 quake.
Imagine how many crazy yes-people have to be on a payroll to create the #MichelleBachmann presidential support system.
trapped in me there's a little african child trapped in me.
thanks for putting the video together!
Only eating homemade jerky eliminates that problem.
I know some of yall hos like real freaky shit, like bein tied up wit yall legs behind your head while hamsters an gerbils is runnin around
10 - 10:30. Hopefully the rain lets up. If only we could convince yamadoug!
I think i can read Morgan's lips there.....
K & her troop are selling Girl Scout cookies at HEB at 1604 & Bandera. Come on by!
Why, yes. I do smell what the Rock is cooking. Smells like man.
RT : It's true - no ROTHBURY in 2010. But we're not sayin' you've seen the last of us... www.rothburyfestival.com
Telling lies as usual. Or am I?
People who have the luxury of not needing 40+ hr/wk job, should probably ease up on those that don't have that luxury.
Tomarrow Seattle nectar lounge for coast2coast industry mixer who's going. My car has one spot left. Leggo
Ever pump away on a chick so much you gotta take a 2 hour nap after? MMJ freebie
always enjoy chatting with you. Thank you for your participation and passion
So what we get drunk so wat we smoke weed were jus having fun we dnt care who sees lln(evn if we dnt do none of tht)
Idk why I'm up knowing I gotta be up in 4 hours
Ice-T & Coco are seriously one of the CUTEST & sweetest couples! :)
I feel like I have that "need" at least twice a year. So hard to come by!
Leadership is knowing that the culture can be envisioned, planned and built. It's not something you have to be a victim of.
wants to chair the Gang Violence Task force in #pdx. Good idea or bad idea?
that would be freedom of stupidity...what were they opposing, what did they accomplish
Rebel America lands Instrumental song placement for Comedy Central's - TV Promo Campaign 2011
like, would it bother you?
Ok, these Adobada tacos are pretty fucking amazing.. and so is my mango margarita!
I'm mad he called me little red riding hood though -.-
Douche bags
that's for damn sure!
5. Make sharing easy (social sign-on)
lol sorry! Let me know the next time you come
23 days until summer
so young, so reckless.
wedding is April 21! Excited :)
I cant't find my carmex and its driving me crazy
Awesome! I'll have to keep an eye out for it. The stuff I have now tastes like chalk. Not delicious.
You better be in on this also. And it's completely necessary that bras and panties are green. And possibly say kiss me.
You can't write "what... matters are the photos... which can be 'liked' and 'pinned,'" sans contempt, right? ...right? eek.
#helc12 excuses- participating in an"occupy some thing" How about Occupy Online Classroom? :-)
is wearing jams and looking forward to that beer and watching Idol
Sorry I missed you, but have to head out now. Maybe hang out later?
lol I was wondering if they'd even be open haha In my defensive I've already given my car an oil change & cleaned my kitchen
This is a trick question, right? RT Is anyone at the coliseum?
Reading exercise blogs to get some motivation & energy. Apparently tht only worked for so long. :(
Do you believe in magic?
gaz remember i talked 2 u about dahvie helping you out? but look at it now its put in a different story but im glad for you gaz :)
can u give me some clues on how to dress like rocky on shake it up? Like what stores to go to and what rocky wears
What does Jesus’ suffering mean for you?
I am cheering for #GoBuffs over #UNLV on #MMLive. Be my upset pick!
how in the world are you guys going to scrape together $3.00?!?
I wonder if the good citizens of Mexico go crazy and party 'til they puke on July 4?
To #VRA_ARLIS2011 Take the light rail. Follow the signs in the airport. Get off @ Nicolette. Go 5 blocks W on Marquette 2 10th St
Winter Farmers Market at #Carmel City Center runs from 9 am to noon every Saturday thru March 17th (except Dec 24 and 31). Come on down!!!
omg the regular stuff we do on mondays! Just go!
the other time, me and my brother saw many angels together in the sky. I believe they were singing :)))
May today god help lift your spirits up to handle whatever is being thrown at you & to keep u motivated & inspired.
I didn't know you used Drupal. Use it a lot or just looking into it? I only ask cause recently I started using it more heavily.
When performing a Phase I ESA remember to have all areas open during your site visit. It may help lower the risk on your property!
r kelly
will u be able to roll for the gig today?
I want you as my breakfast legs spread and all ;)
you are
were you at broadway sings Adele?! I swear you look so familiar! :)
RT : I'm having a blast at the product design mid-term critiques as guest interviewer. Musical cooking,...
you and sleep don't seem to get along
I would agree, but I already changed all the clocks..... =(
E-books, audio books popular
even if we did, only me and would see it!
lol well the head fell off from the rest if the body
Yankees r losing I'm going to cry my eyes out brb
Awww your dog is too cute! It's a chiwawa right?
The lifeguards endorsed DeMaio must be sorry he said it was okay to let people drown at our beaches during prop D campaign.
thank you to all my followers i do follow back
Fucking YouTube won't let me upload a video for "Cameras". God damn Copyright...
NEWEST BLACK CROWN VISUAL CALI SWAG DISTRICTS FAST LIFE OFFICIAL VIDEO - WATCH - THAN RETWEET
- Thanks for the RT. I appreciate it.
I'm done with my homework!!! Yay!!!
DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: Monday :( Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-
"God's got His hand on you so, Don't live life in fear...."
ps. You mentioned knowing some good people out here in Seattle? (I was the one who relayed hellos from ) :)
Can't nobody tell me nuthing (nothing)...
And hell, Star Jones'd been on her 3rd book deal and 4th mini-series on the subject by now!!!
Wow why did the #royals fire Frank White as a broadcaster... Stupid
May the 4th be with you c;
ah what a shame. GSO is the best. We could've treated y'all right.
Watching the new year celebration on TV. Man...there ' s no real music! Just random pretend rappers...I miss the 90s
Stutz Art Space is closed in Jan. as we gear up for "10 Yards," our tribute to the "Big Game," opening Thu., Feb. 2.
Adam Yauch has meant so much to my life that I'm at a total loss for words. His passing is devastating. Much love, MCA. One of the greats.
Seriously pondering if our ISP just went out of business.
What's a 30-hour famine?
Okay if you have a Porsche why the hell are you on the road driving like you in a Honda!!!! lmao
free drinks with friends. But you're right
hopefully 3 way call wiff :-) I THINK YES
A bit late on the reply but it was great to officially meet you as well! What a MASSIVE Saturday...
if it gets too bad, you can just declare email bankruptcy and delete it all.
thank u :)
So sore from tubing. Omg.
Sounds like a great team this year. :)
Nick Jonas' mystery date via
The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va., Justin Jackson column - Chicago Tribune
Slow news day in San Diego...
Are you seriously going to try to get these?
Free Willy Nelson.
I have 50 you have 49
#20ThingsAboutMe i love my kids
Meow meow
UGH! Tomorrow is a full day of school.... Great.
where are you?
LMFAOOOOO IM SO SORRY
today went by so slow omfg
thats wassup... so what do you do for fun?
Watching the #SAGawards tomorrow night?
I repeat: Who's going to Jazz Fest 2morrow Sat April 28?
Wow! thank you so much! you're so sweet
Our ticket deal (three for $20) will be valid all weekend, available at the box office!
We Gone Make It Work
#oomf just told me if i put out more i wont die alone...da fuk LOL #WhoreStatement smh
Love isn't blind it's the ones who don't recognize real Iove who are blind #fact follow me y'all I will def follow u rite back ;)
The only question I have is whether to eat fish before or after the Brewers game tomorrow. Maybe both?
yayyy !! i was born in the year of 1998 . :DD Please follow me Xx
okay do you still have the same number?
Lol you've gotta be kidding me with some of these calls...
however i did not miss that a$$ whooping tha crew put on them redbirds boy!
hahahaah maybe your wish will come true.
Kicking people in the balls - funny and effective since ... Forever!
More photos coming soon! We just started transferring all our photos from our mobile devices!
My thoughts are to ask #a11y/#gaad community to post short vids & we'll show them before "regular" dev/ux/ui meetups
OUR Hearty box will be debuting in October this food is beyond what anyone in Portland is doing~~!!!
We are hearing that our banners and yard signs are being torn down -- we are filing police reports and looking forward.
#NikkiHaley promised more jobs to South Carolinians. One day, everyone can have both the minimum wage jobs they need for family survival.
. Now that's funny!
#Replace1DSongsWithNandos You're Nando's, don't know what for
More to the point, Limbaugh is excellent at knowing how often he can be that outrageous.
The next two people to stop by our booth (628) and mention this tweet will get an iTunes gift card!
Don't set out to be different, set out to be real and then ppl think it's different.
I spend more time there than your average bear, but I'm in recruiting. (over 10% of Linkedin traffic)
"GET YOU BUTT IN REHEARSALS SON!"
Jennifer Hudson!!! Whitney, we love you!!! A moment in music history that we will never forget...
Goodmorning world. Blessed that the Lord allowed me to see this beautiful day.
Feeling sorta sick today so if you'd like a bag of germs, DM me.
At Liberty University, every degree awarded is a BS.
I AM 20, NO LONGER A TEEN!
Not even tryna come back sober.
thanks so much for the follow, and congrats on 'Best Chicago Filmaker'
I'm coining "Self-righteous Annoyance" as a new emotion.
two finals to take and one more presentation
Thanks! Sleep well. xo
I look forward to Monday's radio show and AGT. Did you get a screening of AGT Show 1?
Hi there! So far, so good. Lunch & Eastern Market. Can't wait to see what new things they have. You?
@ Wal Mart lol lets see if anyone knows me youtube. :P
and another show june 8th.
does your Lab guarantee their work and stand by that guarantee?
I'm off town babe x
Gov't shut-down? At least the mail will be on time!
I see no reason to spend money on commercial products when in many cases the OS version is better. Nagios is a prime example.
So upset. Who decides thesep icks? IT'S SO OBVIOUS!
Teens leave #OccupyPortland and gather at Starbucks to talk about how awesome it was to stick it to corporate America.
Hello fantasy victory number 4. The undefeated season continues!
Can't wait to see and tomorrow!
Oh psh that's always the goal there ;) It was a well deserved one to, might I add!
Wondering who will be my 500th follower :))))
In a couple of years, more boy bands will be formed. Fans will come & go. But I know I'll still be here supporting my 5 gay idiots.
#bizforum - what's the current question?
if you ever figure that one out - please share the secret :]
Then again, I'm not listening to a lot of Lawrence Welk these days.
i love the classic movies, the cheesy quotes, the classic books, all them that have old sayings
Did you know...People have been drinking Tea for nearly 5000 years. Drink Tea and have a great day!
OMG BO sighting on the Whit House lawn. He's peeing on a tree.
Playing bass with in #joplin MO tomorrow night! reunion?
Chris colfer is such a great singer
Time and distance keep us apart but u r still in my heart.
Looking forward to tonight's #NBCSDDebate that starts at 6:00 pm!
yes I'll be a wee bit late from work meetings
I'll give them a C+. I love the pitching acquisitions, but I'm afraid Clint Barmes is this years version of Overbay
= best charades actor ever
he's my 2nd favorite! My favorite is SpiderMan :)
Nothing you have done can cancel out your purpose. Pastor Moore
Wow, Dunn managed not to strikeout tonight.
Last semester, students in the classroom section of #EBUS118 campaigned to get to come to campus - my treat.
how's real estate business in Ontario? Congrats on the move!
Today, there is a great deal of debate surrounding comprehensive immigration reform.
Good Morning Twitter! What's Up With Ya?
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so. -Edgar Allan Poe
Unity A Journey of Hope...adults have wishes too! c'mon along as we grant wishes and share in our passion!
Today’s MOCA specials: Soup today is Cauliflower and Sugar-free Lemonade is watermelon rosemary.
Mother kills her 4 children, shots herself, in Port St. John, Florida
: Give it a few years… We'll be able to say it again...
myhaam, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Gym re-acclimation time.
I know! But...idk
": Logan has a big nose too..." u mean a sexy big nose haha LOL :-)
Giants could probably run the table again,no matter who they take (Even if they waste their 1st rounder on that yung stunna J.R. Ladson)
I just made seasoned home fries. A LOT of them. Got a little carried away.
"Deliberately seek the company of people who influence you to think and act
What is the quickest way to double your money ?Fold it in half !
And thanks to everybody who stopped by the grand opening too. #Philly really came through yesterday
Very true statement! Sometimes people lack the courage to apply it. Life is indeed too short to be stuck in unhappiness.
#DidYouKnow Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie. If you lick 350000 stamps, you will lose 1lb of fat
"Men of courage, men of sense, and men of letters are frequent; but a true gentleman is what one seldom sees." - Sir Richard Steele
Amazing day today, my documentary on health, Nutrition and Incurable Diseases is happening faster and bigger than I thought. Amén
Bummer, Gary... Have fun in NYC.
Saw food vendors in park across the street yesterday... RT : Is there anything in the convention center? Need food!
Thai Sunday. Don't you wish.
Apologies >> RT : Incorrect info has been circulated. #AutoZone does not sponsor ANY politically focused shows.
- Well - no birthday Oreos for you... Unless I see you in Denver tomorrow
oh my gosh :( i ALWAYS miss 's RTing sprees :( dang it!
I miss you btw
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother....
#RT anybody can see we was #made to succeed, so patience lil homie, cuz our time is close at hand....
Trying to get a job. ):
maybe #DarkKnightRises for midnight...maybe. I stay up that late my next day is shot! :) well talk
thanks, I'll be ok. Just working through family times
Mayville are saying. Any leads would be awesome.
“: Romney: "True, I hazed a gay kid. But it's not like I tied him to the roof of my car (evil laugh)."”
Toyota will resume construction of its mothballed Mississippi plant and build Corollas there next year.
Love watching your Show!!! Must meet you !!
Tim Ryan on the Parent Partnership Council presents on his vision for children
Nice, glad to have you following. I am sure I will learn by following you as well.
When God is opening a new door for opportunity, don't back away, step through it. ~
The #SNL cast must be bummed when they bring all these old cast members. Besides the unfunny host i count 1.
Thanks for the RT's Jeannie!
Wish i was at the beach rn #schoolsucks 🐚🐬🐳🐟☀
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Buddy Bolton
I'm practically kissing the passenger in front of me
Ty 4 hangin' wit us! ": gotta love the Puff Dragon and the always yummy Nate Dog #Vegas #Foodtruck #Summerlin"
Avoid touching eyes with dirty hands,towels,handkerchiefs and or other materials.
I'm going to stick up for Kyle here. He gets parked for the weekend for putting some1 in the wall. What did Danica get?
Thank you!
o well ..1 more week and home sweet home!!
Dylan was dmanster12 on twitter for a while and has those same hats
Life's a butch then you die, that's why we get high
Attending Intensive Worskhop: Developing Your Social Media Game Plan with ? Head over to Wilder on the 4th floor now!
I'll be right over boo. ;-)
Slow down when eating your food. Don't be a piggy, the benefits of chewing each morsel 20 times is endless.
I need to do more work.
Banksy = Andy Kaufman
Don't burn bridges. You'll be surprised how many times you have to cross the same river
is back! NWSports Toniite 6p Sam&Robin Willis stars of STOMP[IN GROUND Also the day Mike Wallace cried on Ron's shoulder
Ah!!! You'll have to tell me all about it!!
Private school I consult for will implement a full #inclusion model next year: coteaching, differentiation,and embedded #ABA interventions:)
Thank you for sharing those photos...I loved them!!
Thanks for the follow Donna. Cool site.
Hard to pick! Definitely going to and (free s'mores!). Maybe and Venue Bistro. You?
Honey-spiked mint tea and twelve hours of sleep. Big day tomorrow. #aknackforadventure is comin!
Headed to the Pre #LAFW Party later tonight. Who's coming?
Len: "My kids are all atheists, thank God."
Soto's been insanely embarrassing with runners in scoring position the last 2 years.
haha I wish I was there. I'm bored to
have you been here!?(;
bouncing on my ball while I work :)
BLIZZARD IS CHARGING $60 FOR DIRECT DOWNLOAD DIABLO 3
Before Eminem, 3 white boys took black dominated rap scene pass color. Original and unique. #RIP Adam Yauch (MCA of the Beastie Boys).
I just got my dope shirts and stickers and I'm stoked! Thanks!
I NEED THE 's tennis balls!:)
Nice plan! RT : Hdng to later for #Paleo Sunday, Hallelujah Steaks & Holy Brussels Sprouts. Low & slow.
My Sister said was "OK" ( I Starts To Slap U)
- good seeing you & ! Thanks for the taste and conversation regarding "over the top".
hehe yes really :) & well I don't know, I'm busy with studying so I guess I can't :( ♥
lol I know but now reality is setting in
Ugh morning is gonna come way too soon!
If you get excited about the white version of a phone coming out, we can't be friends.
HAPP NEW YEARS
oh my god people annoy me.
read and replied! Outlook thinks you're spammy I guess.
RT : School bullying is not a right of passage, it's wrong & must end.
WE WILL WIN!!!
u r way 2 beautiful 4 dat depressing stuff AJ baby :) cheer up
invent them
O going through the car wash... Scary...
impregnate the game til it has an abortion
now following....follow back!
ill put a pic on twitter when I get home
ur stupid! It's amazing!
#NoHetero > RT There's so many sexy girls in #Dallas to!!!!!!!!!!
another day, another operating agreement drafted
I just changed the time on my laptop. Confirmed today is Thursday. (I was confused). Realized that it is nearly 4 am. Oops
Focus Group, Manhattan, September 8th Looking for cellphone owners. $85 for 1 ½ hours
Hey....i love shopping.! lmao...think ima get my tattoo soon too.
saw it! Great show today, Ellen!
“: Good Morning, Congrats on hitting over 1000 followers!! :)” Thanks 😊 Good Morning
this is great
Finally tried The Bobbie, and oh my goodness... I'm in heaven.
Was this for the WPR gig? I'm curious how it went :)
Measure of absurdity, Lenore
& ' specials are premiering back to back on Saturday!?!
Ur welcome! I see you know the value of being multi faceted in art
4 gs to mine gold underwater in alaska... I'm downn haha
half-shame
but first i must finish this box of cereal and carton of OJ
Just confirmed by Dana, Ed Herman is gonna welcome Jake Shields back to Middleweight at UFC 150!!!
getting a new phone sent to my house by tomorrow :)
S/o to dave for driving me to school (:
time to eat this is the first time we eat this late o:
That's racist. Unless that actually is Jin. I can't tell. They all look the same.
Pssst... its pizza time.
Girl, Never was I on dude we was just talking as FRIENDS MAN!!!!
Two people, one love
interview tomorrow...what's the lowest amount of money I can make and still survive...?
Boys better get a goodnight sleep cuz tomorrow is a Border Battle match against the Gophers I would luv to lace em up
Ah yes... one day my friend:)
in NYC but I imagine lots of awesome things.
lol my nigga its true tho. His earlier shit is better than his shit when he became a thug and went to death row.
the foul calls is ridiculous on the bulls! That's only thing keeping them in the game
lets go lakers we got to pick it up
No. Not this time.
that might compete with the fort I'm building in my basement
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) nana
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had NO idea on how many cool people there were here
If you're staying in town this weekend! Come on in for Happy Hour! We have half-price appetizers, $5 house wines and specialty martinis
What if I have a good idea for helping families who have a child with autism? Where do I begin to make it real?
Join us for Gray Goat's New Years race! RT : #FF to our friends over at So glad to have partners like these guys.
Wow, I had an awesome Bikram yoga class last night. It was the first time I didn't want to die or think I would pass out! Jenn: 1 Bikram: 26
Who is getting excited for the Superbowl? Did you know, residents can rent out the TV room on the first level by the patio! 612-703-RENT
evrytime i hear Tyga far away , i think of my grandmother tht passed B4 i was born :(
Nothing in the books right now but who knows? Its been almost a year now and we're starting to miss the west coast.
If You Think This Song Is About You, It Probably Is.
had a great company vendor rep meeting with Anna today with #Leeds. Thanks Anna!
#Shoutout to my new follower. (:
"I love getting superglue all over my fingertips!" - said by nobody ever.
need any helpinstills tonight? Ha I've got a set an a 1979 Yamaha cp70 that needs your signature in my van. Down?
I think I may go to the beach today..
lol I am right now! A nice slice of pizza :)
thank you for the follow! You are one of my favorite anchors.
Off to our 75th #Chocolate, #Wine, and #Cheese class. Another sellout. Great wines, and great times.
Nope. L boogie my man.
someone smart figure out enrollment for me because I'm about two seconds from freakin' out...
Why would anyone go to the movies this afternoon when its sunny n 75degrees in Wisconsin?
#Oomfs looks so cute in his prom tux(:
Shameful 2 think that 2day we're having same fight over women's basic rights that our moms had 40 yrs ago. Scandalous. Unbelievable
"hey Michelle, I just made up this joke so I hope you like it." that was funnier than the joke! lol
My lunch dude at #metrocafe just loaded up my noodles with the fires sauce that you get at thai places.
...but I'll see if I can get a printout/listing of them for you of the ones we did select.
Pulling An Allnighter Tonight(:
Feeling Adobe Social - now to ensure a CQ integration so content is shared!
have I heard OMTB? I've listened to a few tracks
must get to Walmart. Pronto.
Working on a website for a friend. I hope it ends up as fabulous as she is.
love your show, and can't wait to get a reading!
is it chloe moretz
Rock's not in fan of changing the rule, but he's in favor of changing the rule. Good TV announcers.
Pumped to see the #Pirates lose 3-2 like usual in the #ATL tonight. Would love to see the Buccos get some damn runs w/ their great pitching
what the heck, wrong link. I meant to link the 'accidentally racist' post. I'll try again...
I would have told Niall to stay if I was a bystander and tell them to shut up!
Who still read comic book and collect comic card or game cards?
I worked with you on #BeautifulMind and can't wait to see this film.
Sometimes you have to cry, not because you're weak, but because you've been strong too long..
Sorry for the delay. Had to get my hur did! LOL I'm a ghostwriter. But, I'm also launching a fitness and dating website 4 'us'.
I think I'll ask for a Nobel Peace Prize for Christmas...apparently anyone can get them!!
the return of the long 2
I can't follow you because you post _way_ too much. ごめんね。
oh. yes! but i thought my version was more eloquent :)
bein successful in this game ma..what else???
Do bald ppl get dandruff?
Sounds like Tom Bomb. RT : Only my dad would lift weights at the gym while wearing crocs
New profile Picture :D
Poor keeper positioning. What do you boys think?
We're planning all sorts of goodies for the Blues.
My neck my back...
I need water
Stool = Toilet Seat.
Btw they told me poppin models was the single its getting mastered now! Now watch what I do.
Whoa. Watching a screener of Simon Arthur's SILVER TONGUES and am blown away. Lee Tergesen & Enid Graham are fantastic VOD 5/29
LA mayor also testifies in support of SB 1059 (Huff), which doesn't address failure of LA admin leadership 2follow their policy &state law.
I'm ready!! R U? Then March 8 it's MARNI for H&M- Tomorrow is the big day! #JasonWuforTarget cc: #Feb5"
Whoah I have AT&T 3G service in the Cleveland Park station now?
I'm so scared.
Using it with research assistant to transfer big files... that email rejects...works great.
thank you Co-pilot ...
Yayy! Congrats! RT : OMG! Just confirmed admission to !! Can't wait for this Fall!!
Do it. RT : I normally don't eat this late but Chipotle has popped up on my TL 124 times today, and I haven't had dinner yet.
what a gwan voice
Just saw the saddest thing about babies being born dependent on prescription drugs in Knoxville. Come on, society.
Great workshop last night with the hilarious Marissa Ross CD of HIMYM!
My dickFat & Long
Dear , thanks for the Advisory Panel invite(s). Also: my name isn't Molly.
Chatting right now about effectively selling to today’s customer. Join me - Follow
he's not gay he has a girlfriend duh
Starting TOMORROW, we'll be open on Thursdays, 12-6p. Stop in and see us, hang out and do some work, find a quiet space to read/study.
last year my kids came to me and said "dad can we go golfing for fathers day" :) I swear I didnt put them up to it.
Confession of the day: I just stalked Goodwill for something I accidentally donated last week.
Ughh!!!!! It's hard to see friends so sad!!!!! It really breaks my heart to see them heart broken about their love ones! :[
Yeah, I'm listening to Ratatat. Dope artists.
we are invading Green Bay in august hope your ready for some crazy gals
Best day ever!
Congrats to Babe A Fett aka Kara Simpson on becoming a Tough Cookie for the
I'm getting really fed up with this shit
A dear friend of our family died today but for us believers "to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord"!
Couldn't stop laughing!!! <3 "Oh I'm over you now..." ;D
okie man w////e
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can make me laugh without being an ass
