its good !
I love the smell of diesel trucks in montana
80 yr old archivist from CO here for genealogy convention asks me for directions to East Walnut Hills. He's heard it's beautiful there
WE WE WE SO EXCITED!!!
Going to get dinner ready!! Buffalo steaks w/ wild mushroom couscous!!!
10% OFF all concentrates tomorrow at Farm Associated!!!!
made fabulous pad thai with my roommate tonight! Now watching Just Deserts & the ads for new Desert Delights gum. Great (obvious) tie-ins!
i know:o
#ShoutOutToTheBoys that are great Christian guys!
THE ULTIMATE IRONY: in order to become a notary public, you have to get your form notarized
I have to admit Rihanna's #WeFoundLove is catchy... that's all she's getting from me.
So excited to have won lunch! The link to contact Jacqueline, doesn't work but pls dm me & I'll send you my contact info. Thanks!
I get that the guys who own Brothers paid a lot-$1.98MM-for the property but assessed value is <$750K. Makes $2.1MM sound like a nice offer.
Had a blast! RT : Just opened up for Kenny Rogers! with
Learning about the Dell Social Media Command Center from the very intelligent Lisa!
smile. No, I did time in that effort already. Helping get volume 14 out was as much as I am capable of on that front.
Just had a small heart attack after a huge spider appeared out of nowhere & I almost stepped near it.
Thinking is more stinking than drinking, but to feel is for real. -Sufi Sam
Follow her! She rules! ": when I grow up, I want to be just like you. :) #NobodyFollowsMe #IAmFunnyISwear"
Nothing like a deadline to kick your creative %$#* in gear!
That's me... I also keep away from SxSW and ACL as much as humanly possible. Hate rowdy crowds, period.
the harassment makes me want to avoid cruises!!!
We wouldn't want to go trick or treating at these spooky houses, but just had to share them anyway - they're made entirely of LEGOs!...
Thanks for the RT! Tell my mom! : "Help a child and you impact one life. Help parents, and you impact generations." -Anonymous
If you do, perhaps you and your wife could stay in one of our amazing hotel suites! Could be a win-win for all! :)
I am on it!
Regardless of what anyone says (& I dont like non of his economics policies) Obama is a excellent politician.
Well..there's this boy....and he loves me like you never did. <3
This bitch gets on my nerves , she's always writing something irrevelant , like foh . fake bitch !
You know it's weird looking at that and seeing over your picture LINDSEYSTOMP FOR KING!...Just sayin'.
is a bit peeved at for getting to Operation Defriend before he did ;)
The hype got through my deflector shields. I bought Diablo 3.
nothing makes you feel more old than falling on your knees while skating. happy birthday chi!
OH #citycampsf: "So go into sediment?" ~ works on watershed data tables with a remote participant.
I woke up starving wish I had some1 to go to Denny's with! 😔
Tweaking is a friendly word, except when noses are involved.
haha im watchin for the first time and losin it
Done with fieldwork as of Right. Now. W00t!!
enjoy your time abroad and don't worry will be here waiting when you get back
girl's are like candy. you can like and have a lot of them, but only one can be your favorite. damn do i like myself a milky way.
Thom, Last Brewer to homer in three straight plate appearances?
Visiting my sis, woke up to find her #cat brought me a plank of balsam wood 2X the length of her body.
sweet like candy to my soul. sweet you rock and sweet you roll.
One day until the #flyingpig marathon! sub 3:17, you're mine.
The lovely and are on the list +1 for tonight's show! Congrats lovies and enjoy!
Thanks! #Love ConquerEnt
I see you recently bought a condo off Michigan Ave. Want to talk about it?
of Sunnydale Tenants Association in 2009 of San Francisco Housing Authority is the last person to file his
- Happy New Year
they have my seal of approval as well.
Yeah. Here is just known for hotness in the summer. We got a lot of tornadoes last year too. It was bad!!
Please explain, Kon-E-zee is its own Brand and has nothing to do with any other franchise
Open your eyes!
Here's to the Mahomies who share their boyfriend with over 600,000+ girls.
: Wurstfest and Bandera's Hunter's BBQ are two of my favs.
Thanks for the shout out!
I can't stop sneezing today... Wtf!
Bynum and pau wanna run it back up to 11
Apologies for the multiple posts -- it was unintentional. Dang that technology stuff!
“Fonts are the clothes that words wear.” Beatrice Ward Wisdom shared today from Lisa A!
Thanks so much! We can't wait to start spreading the word about July 4th. Our motto: think about voting when you see fireworks. :)
would you like the vid link when it's ready?
I am up reading, highlighting, and taking notes. Librarians never sleep. We are always thinking about words, papers, and our glasses.
They should card everyone who tries to enter the store 'Forever 21' and turn away anyone over the age of 21.
Left the dentist. Nitrous is like flying with a swarm of locusts in your head. Not bad, but not terribly good either.
Yes, sweetie, Oliver has a hairpin and a strange accent for an Ohio boy.
dog, u will get way more than that...
Probably some truth to that, considering that buses would need to be reprogrammed...
Thanks for the RT!
thanks for the love! you kick some ass.
Baked Ziti On Them Boys
If you have a twitter boyfriend/girlfriend go kill yourself.
HEY GUYS. LET'S GET TO 3 MILLION BEFORE PARADISE. <33333.
Um people, beach hats are not derby hats.
have fun :) I'm going to smother u in water balloons !
For what?
“Allow myself to introduce…myself.” The Writing Center's Personal Statement Workshop is WEDNESDAY 4-5 pm, Tawes 1203 RSVP:
If I lived back in the Wild West days, instead of carrying a six-gun in my holster, I'd carry a soldering iron. That way, if som
Spring is the perfect time to paint the exterior of your home. Call Mr.D's painting for a free estimate. Our motto is " We Love to Paint "
It's all about hockey right now!
Anytime. :) Yeah I know what you mean my iPhone is always keeping me up too lol ;p
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO YOU TOO AUSTIN! even though you will never see this, TELL YOUR MOMMA SHE'S SPECIAL
In India this week on business and what a great experience - I highly recommend it!
If my friends didnt get so amped I wouldnt be so prone to attack.
Only wish someone mega, would retweet me </3
"it's like drinking delicious air"
this is gonna be so awkward 😥
Hoping today's only 10 hours ... *sigh*
This #Instagram app is sick!!
I refuse to even click on a Jezebel link anymore.
hey how u doin im Dez im from hicago i would really like to have a conversation w u can u dm me
#ff Another social site, Another password, Another you gotta do it. Create your Personal or Business Profile at www.about.me
Christmas Syndrome- When you are looking forward to something constantly, to the point of obsession
I respect people who are honest from the start, not cowards who hide behind lies and deceit.
Really wishes my boyfriend didn't have class till 1:00 in the morning. Stupid #FullSail! I haven't seen him in a month & I wanna skype :(
congrats to all the #pitt grads: MFAs, BAs, PhDs, MAs. Lovely to see you all read, process, beam and move on. Good luck!
haha stupid song.
its sad when your best friend is the reason you cant get a boyfriend *cough*
355 days and counting - down - to the End of it all. Make the best of every day.
thank u rudy
haha. my god they put on an amazing show.
A non-catchy press release can cause a story idea to be ignored simply because the person receiving it won’t instantly see the story.
really, ur blowing up my timeline, at least follow me!!! I'll stop spamming you
FYI those posts weren't spam! Just watch the video and you'll know why I'm doing this 😃
Oh school, how much i hate you.
Righton! Thanks. Hope it was a nice walk.
Just paid $5 to hear 4 Bruce songs at Pigskin. "Thunder Road" is next.
followed <3 i love my followers xP especially cause i joined 3 days ago and have 24 followers I LOVE YALL
Yes, it's all insane really.
NeNe is a negative person! How else would one talk about her. She is a big old mule and needs to be brought down.
I'M BEING ATTACKED BY A SQUIRREL HELP OMG OMG I'M SO SCARED
I prolly will in a little bit haha
Speaking of "Darkness", my dad once told me "Yeah, more like: Adam Raised a Pain in my Ass"
It's a morning! Running late on the way to the Lincoln Park Zoo for my volunteer shift.
An attitude of gratitude is all you need to thrive in all you do! I'm grateful today for too much to list here and I hope you are too!
Pioneers claim ninth-straight SBC title... Watton earns individual crown
Only treatment for above: "Don't pet parrots, and stay out of chicken coops and bat caves." I'm doing my best to comply with instructions.
Yes indeed!!
#SongsThatGiveMeGoosebumps In The Air Tonight - Phil Collins
My Eyes Jumping Like Hell
Hit me up anytime at
Some people doin the #Famufb and don't even go to Famu on my timeline lmao ok
Sounds like a great weekend
RT : "I renamed my iPod 'The Titanic' so that when I plug it in, iTunes tells me 'The Titanic is syncing.'" bit.ly/cgz6kH
We're hosing a Fall Meetup at the restaurant and would love for you to come.
Damn I want to be in #Amsterdam. Word up to JB3Music....Its already tomorrow today, that shit cray!
#Arians are creative, open hearted, and high spirited.
Remind me to check out more of Lana Del Ray's music after hearing Video Games this morn.
: Welcome New Rushman Shea McClellin to the Chicago Bears! #Bears #Beardown RUSH!
Chicks that smoke <<<<<
Urban&#39;s &#39;All for the Hall&#39; benefits country music history
In another moment down went Alice...never once considering how in the world she was to get out again...
Hankering for fried chicken night
it has power, and we buy shoes from 1991 made by modern slaves thinking we are the illest to ever do it since
come down to SD with Quik tonight !
:-) morning sweetie
is movie night happening?
The day i walk across that stage i will have proved majority of people in my life wrong :) cant wait for june 2013 too hurry up and come
How many times did you have to watch that video of that woman falling into the fountain? It still makes me giggle.
Get him RT : Wow Nerlens Noel is moving to the Class of 2012...could be a huge development for UK 2012 class
I wanna sleep ..
Sorry! We put up warnings, small break before the Summer slam : NO! Came all the way to & saw it was closed!
wow the truth can never been hidden forever
the pregnancy drama on the yacht was a bit absurd. It was LuAnn's night. Not Ramona's !
lol I don't want to go either
that's my super speechie power! Twitter predictions!
wanna tweet a pic of ur haircut!!!!! and just btw here in chicago..... theres snow and i hat snow... :(
LmaoRT : RT Boston. Definately the better team, they will find away to put the Nuggets away.
If you believe that some day it is going to occur, some day it probably will happen.
Taylor Green's first AB is a double!
skyping with my cousin :)
AMAZING!!!! “: 95. AGUERO SCORES AND WINS THE LEAGUE!!!!”
It is amazingly quiet in town this morning... Even at 4:30 AM the town is usually not so peaceful...
THE CUTENESS OF THE NEMI TWEET THAT JUST OCCURED. SOMEBODY HOLD ME
Which one are you doing?
OH YEA duh I forgot about that little guy. Yea they got some legit pieces. Probably a high draft pick too. (Anthony Davis?)
":Gordis:I would never engage in a conversation with an anti-Zionist. #BeinartVGordis".Implies one can't defend oneself, no? Ugh.
What baseball team did #Nats fans follow before 2005?
#MikeAndMike why not trade Pau Gasol & matt barnes for Dwade? They need another big man, who can space the floor & Dwade would fit in LA
The fact that none of these hoes are the voice if reason is beyond belief.
So its time to start this work out anyone know a good kick boxing class in Tampa
LMFAO OMMMFGGGG THAT'S TOO FUNNY 😂
I'm blown away thank you so much for the follow it means a whole lot.
who you goin with?? I'll be stuck at work :-(
I just wanna go from slob to chop first “: soon you will have to change your name from chopped to ripped. Good job!”
Where the Red Fern Grows by Wilson Rawls: Dogs die.
such a great day with my kids mall.... amazing lunch and even better shopping!
Definitely! Are you watching at home with the gang or out and about?
Really? Breastfeeding on an airplane?
God/Universe is Greatt To Me!
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: the office thief is at it again but instead of sandwiches this time she stole Linda's diabetes medication.
Im not my exes dick.. so keep my name out of your mouth
#spc slight risk of severe t-storms in SE WI Tuesday PM is just that...slight. Not impressed with dewpoints in the upper 40s/low 50s.
First 3 game win streak of the year for the Bucs. 1 under .500, and can move to just 3 back in NLC if Cubs can hold off the Cards (on espn)
Lets go Heat! Pacers are going down 2-0!
Just got back home from New York City a few minutes ago. Will do my best to help you with your request by mid week. Thanks!
Bow Wow
My eyes may be closed, but my mind is not asleep.
Richie Rich is on. Game the fuck over everything else on tv tonight.
Scanner Monitor: Watch for an erratic driver at Jordan and Dry Creek.
and sunglasses..
It's not that i'm being a bitch, or hard to get. It's just that i don't beg with my love.
I'm the only social media manager (incl. LinkedIn) in an org. Posts abt events/ updates, generate convos/ interest etc
See you all there! #hewebROC, & hopefully Austin in the Fall!
I wanna go to the driving range.
lmaooo dont act like you still luhhhh me girl !!
How are you guys dressing up? RT The 2nd 88 Party @ The Social. October 29th LADIES:
haha that's usually how it goes, I feel like a weakling without music when I workout lol
I have a buddy doing that. He seems to like it.
New picture!
That was the basis of my tweet lol... Homie lied about and entire DEGREE. A lil award ain't gon hurt lol
HABESHAS.. DONT GO TO SCHOOL TOMORROW
thanks! Maybe we'll play near you soon.
wow this girl just sent me a pizza from papa johns... lmao its shaped like a heart.
(pours the coffee) So tell me, how are you doing today?
Race, age and masculinity aren't part of my "criteria" to date. I'm sorry I'm not that shallow (or racist, ageist and anti-femme).
he's just so beautiful!
Somedays I wish upon a star and wake up with the clouds so far behind.
what's up man it's jake from Cincinnati. Pleasure meeting you tonight. Keep in touch. Ill be in Chicago soon.
ive only changed the strings on my electric like 2 times so far haha. i still have the stock strings on my acoustic
Congratulations on your milestone. Da Truth.
let me know what you hear!
Regaling about last nights events... Mo and I ( Evan) wish we had a chance to throw down. Joe was the bigger man, we might not have been...
Angel hope you got some sleep last night and your talk about #MicorosftBI is great today.
HELL YEAH!! SCARIEST NIGHT EVER
Never thought I'd dream of giving head to Harriet the Spy. But.... She grew up.
Things I Want In A RELATIONSHIP EYES That Won’t CRY, LIPS That Won’t LIE, And LOVE That Won’t DIE
im about to get it delivered so when i finish ill let u know :-)
#10thingsidrelive 3. Being the youngest kid in my family..
YOU SAID you were going to edit it and make it look super fantastic. (I know I looked horrible)
Lol!!! This is too funny! teaching to play pool is makin her and beat !!!
Absolutley!! Only the best for the best!! {{{HUGS}}}
I'm gay booboo, get over it.
Brewing some yummy World Market coffee to help me get the job done. Moka Java blend with cream and a splash of almond flavored stuff!
Kennedy talking about burn pits in Iraq/Afghnistan. Vets coming back unable to run as fast as they used to
I swear, i get more done btw 5 and 7a.m. than I do ALL day....
Not surprised, as it disappeared quick here too. Thus is the life of the popular seasonal brews.
ok lets go. haha
timeline is a mess!
Ha! Yes! And to be fair, I know mostly awesome, collaborative devs... but also a few "grunjstars." ;)
green tea extract is another one that can speed up metabolisim
Brand New Pandora station gettin me through this day 👌
Need sleep
To the world you may just be one person but to one person you may just be the world!
out here at wake tech
haha I got lucky enough to have him as my homeroom teacher and we have conversations like that everyday. He's awesome
RT I couldn't afford a vanity license plate, so I named my dog 956 XDM.
It don't take a lot to keep a real woman happy..........keeping it real
RT : #CHICAGO we need too stop hating and violence with each other at the end we all we got too much nonsense
#Manzanola is actually a real place in Colorado?! xD ahaha what?! Fail. I've lived here my whole life and I didn't know that ahaha
Here in Frisco, TX wishing I was at #HIMSS12 tweet chatting live in person. Sounds like a great show so far.
Good night. Back to the drawing board tomorrow.
Have a safe New Years #UTSA!
He really made me angry
RT : 9.3BN people will be on the planet in the year 2050. #SOSNYC. - big question on clean water and healthy food for everyone.
Chwast says "shoes are almost as expressive as faces"
Allow yourself to be the BEST part of the day!
STRAIGHT TO THE TOYS.
yeah buddy! I'm ready!!
He is done
Already wishing it was lunch time! What should I have?
Almost every single ad on today's is a giveaway!
Research day: consumer psychology.
A well-built body doesn't come by chance. Even the most genetically blessed have to work at it.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY(:
Jonas Brothers >>>>>>
www.mathwow.com-FREE planning resource! Click on your grade. The sheet that follows features DIRECT links to an activity, practice, or game
“: ! RT : Never judge a book by its cover, but always judge a Mexican restaurant by its Margaritas.” me- yum thirsty
Happy #Friday NYC!!!! Order dinner tonight! We deliver! We are on
My friends r so funny lmaoo ^_^
but u'll notice no anger, cause anger leads 2 hate, and hate leads 2 suffering #luminousbeingsarewe oh, and uh PLEASE RT
. No problem. I just really like and I think we need it in Japan!
Have you checked out our Wild Blog yet? Click here to get great workout tips, recipes, upcoming events & see what's new with Wild!...
Bring me some tomorrow;) ": A damn good day 2 Grill."
I heart stability fixes. Thanks for the CS6 upgrade confidence boost - Looking to upgrade soon!
hope it gets better. I owe you an email I know. Just got plantar fasciitis and am laid up.
I don't know but this girl needs to find something better to do than obsessed over a relationship that is not hers. Smh. -.-
Happy Halloween!! What are you going to be? Post pix!!
Actually yesterday.
that was so fun omg.
you should have told me! I would have loved to join. Heck I was in bed early.
Tights though? :o/ RT I need to invest in some Nike running tights and a fuel band.
that's funny !
Follow me & I'll follow you. No spam. srsly.
like your ear? Lol it's a fair question!!!
just remember what he did to you!
I love country music. Haha. But then again I like almost all types of music soo... Lol
that is one awesome profile pic!
it's a miracle. Booby valentine gets a w.
“: I still think we should get staff-look-a-like hand sassies. #Learn2Bmbt” < agreed!!
Great crowd at tonight's Wheeling Health Right Chef's Auction
Don't I feel stupid, thinking you could have actually been caring about me all this time. Why would you lead me on this long to ignore me?
Thanks, Linda! Caring...but a little slow apparently. ;) LOL!
Not allowed to play that song friday.
Not Morey's fault that Yao had career-ending injury. Not his fault that Stern went "basketball reasons" on us.
aww, thx. It was a great experience. My #pln has inspired me to try so many new things in my classroom, twitter being 1!
I feel you bro
Let me know, do i still got time to grow?
CONGRATS! ": Checkers win, 4-0, and reclaim the division lead!! Murphy with a 22-save shutout.”
Congratulations to the 5 Brady Comeback Award winners. Check out to see the inspiring local winners' stories.
AWH had an amazing voice! The Album, Lioness is incredible!
Digital location scouting 200 miles away is so hard
well i have more then one lol
On the road back to Chicago. Got everything to fit in the car, but we forgot to pack the really awesome beer. Curses!
Loving the map on the invitations I'm printing tonight. Hoping to get the majority of my Madison to Milwaukee move done this weekend!
the first thing I see when I just get into twitter lol
Heads up! We are CLOSED to the public tomorrow during our regular operating hours in order to prepare for the gala, which kicks off at 7pm.
on my way back to #sandiego!
I'll be Performing at Smittys Bar and Grill in Denison, Texas Friday May 4th w/ Somebodys Darling
Ppl always talk abt how some women desire to have straight or wavy air, what abt the guys who brush their hair non stop trying to get a wave
Much apologies!! Just found the podcast in itunes. The rest of 610 should get on board as well
you really can't go wrong. And it's super close to ! If you're going for brunch, the pancakes are delish!
New album is officially underway.
Feeling nostalgic? Check out our children's book display featuring Maurice Sendak "Where the Wild Things Are" & other great children's book
I feel that way sometimes. A lot of stuff happens as we sleep. Too much to do.
Thanks for the follow !
prettyv much! Jk. I currently don't have a car, augh
Our BIGGEST sale of the year has begun! It's customer appreciation month at The Blind Man. Check out our web site. TheBlindManNM.com
whistling the theme to "Jeopardy" while waiting for the ????
Hi, Greg. I'm David from Classic Nursery in Tarzana. Back in the day, I gave you a CN t-shirt for you to wear on Felicity.
Your heart is my loves home please don't kick me out
Getting ready to hit the yacht, go to an island for some sun and shell hunting...... So glad to be back home...
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace
Thinking the Giants will win it all.
All was good & well till that tool James Cameron called me "fuckface" for flubbing my lines. Hater! :-)
okay, um what's your favorite color?
thats a good movie and that guy is so hott
Today, I saw a 60-year-old man with a Mickey Mouse football jeresey on. Apparently, Mickey is number 40.
#OnWisconsin for the background music for Pepsi????? # WTF
Win 's NEW CD and a chance to fly to Beverly Hills to MEET her!? Yup! Listen 8, 12, 3 & 5! It starts THIS MONDAY!
This is why music, despite being expressive, is not considered spoken.
nothing like seeing the exact ideas you gave away free in an interview w/ a company (that didn't hire you) in a product update
likewise for the follow. Any new, cool startups going on?
Be patient if you're looking for love.
thanks so much girl!!! :)
I'll end up doing the same thing! And thanks!
I met you at Starbound San Antonio. Your such an inspiration and your so young. Keep danceing :)
Time to get up and rock n' roll!
Coffee is a broadly used beverage prepared from the roasted seeds broadly called "beans" of the coffee plant.
Brotha, where are ya? Happy New Year from Bermuda.
I did a one during which I could see one interviewer and found out at the end the whole dept was watching
that game is fun
no clue wats goin on right now
Let me hit you with this....The movie Lean On Me taught me how to tell a prostitute to blow me expeditiously
Glad You Came by is playing on Americas Got Talent! What! Haha
its ok... lol yes its lame! haha... hows vegas?
Awe I miss you too! How are you doing? I keep checking up on you by creeping on your tweets, haha
Sundays suck now...
We focus on time and billing functionality for solos. Online since 2005. $49.95 per year for unlimited use.
come over slut
I see you tweeting...
Ready 4 dinner w/ & family tnt, vino & delicious grub Wish u were here visiting too
Adorable pic! I like the sunglasses!
RT : let us know where we fit in. <- ok you're in town this wknd?
# wov12 kara swisher says new pixar film will be better regarding portrayal of women
Am i the only one looking at the clock lik every 2 seconds?!?
No kidding! So grateful to know our cupboards will be stocked for our families!
Google Asks for Special Leave to Appeal in Australia AdWords Case - PCWorld
I think today I will walk around and tell random gentleman...."dude...that's an awesome top you're wearing..."...
Exactly! That is what I thought... Gotta love the power of
Thank you for the #FF, have a safe weekend!
USA! USA! USA!
they're selling the shit out of the Silver Skulls prints here at
Damn they admit the crap out of me
#PROM (:(: Eating dinner right now with the group!!
Everything I like is either: illegal, Immoral, Fattening, Addictive, Expensive or Impossible.
See, I told you it would be smooth as silk. Enjoy the music and relax. He'll be all good.
The hardest part of living is taking every breath.
Good for you, Fleep!
idk like this morning i was about to throw up on my pillow XD haha
actully it was on my news feed. And YOUR tweets are stupid
i can't believe you've been off all week. I love your show and I can't do w/o the after show. Come back!
Hm what to wear in the desert...
Very nice! RT : happy 25th anniv. to stop by today's celebration- food&wine tastings, prizes & 9pm fireworks!
Thomas Jackson (BusinessWorld2) thanks for the follow.
I had a conversation about WoW today!
Sand quenton quail!
I really miss the huge billboard of the bull dog off the 15 I don't think I've ever loved an ad so much.
point is not what happens2u but what u do getting thru it when it happens2 be better than u were before,not painted 4mos need to start soon
Remember the tea kettle, though up to its neck in hot water, it continues to sing
☼ When you really trust someone you have to be okay with not understanding some things. Real Live Preacher
Happy Thanksgiving From SenSpa. We are thankful for you SenSpa supporters! Thank you for keeping us over 5 years young!
Garrigues crashes out in Morocco Top seed and former champion Anabel Medina Garrigues saw her hopes of reclaiming the Fes Grand Prix titl
It's official. I have a nerd crush on federal prosecutor Reid Schar. Can't wait for his closing argument in #Blago 2: Trial Harder.
Just got my my phone back and it dosent even charge -.-
Happy Mother's Day to all Moms!!!! You truely make the world a better place!!
anytime bud! Tony is a beast!
Thanks so much Timothy for sharing both Candice's and Mandy's blog posts! Hope you're having a great week :-)
Seeing #TheAvengers tomorrow. If it's anything like #Thor or #CaptainAmerica, then I already want my money back.
fell asleep with the lights on in all of my clothes at 10 pm for no reason...what's this sleepcycle app again?
Would love to go into greater detail, but I really like your reference to the business vs. personal aspect of FB.
#Brrrr...in #daBurgh “: The National Weather Service has issued a Frost Advisory for Allegheny County" #Pittsburgh May 5th?
you can contact me back at ...we accept ALL criticism
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
Received my autographed copy of book by today. Looking forward to reading it. Thanks again!
Thanks for the follow!
We are talking Angel Numbers today on The Angel Hour. We are on the air now! #blogtalkradio www.blogtalkradio.com/thelovemoreproject
when bitches run for their lifes cus theres a bee and im just there. cus ima fearless bastard.
dats okeh chicka. ill speak with you another time. we can still text yo?
How is it I am losing followers? Would someboday please give me a shoutout? :)
Thank you!!!!!! RT : I affirm all of you tonight - you have given me such a lift! Thank you!!!
I know seriously thank God
Ima go to sleep early!!! Big day tomorow:) nitey nite luv u all!!!! **kiss** **kiss**
i wish taxes were a person so I could PUNCH them. hate numbers. blah.
Stop in today for a test drive, Euro Motorcars Bethesda & Euro Motorcars Germantown are open from 12:00pm-5:00pm! We are here for you!
He got escorted out by security. “: Trying to hunt down what happen to crazy #Sixers fan courtside. The #SixthMan is no longer there.”
Hey do you support city paying 750k to artist who shot a dog?
That band always come to Boise..cant seem to get into them. Verse should have stayed broken up.
uh oh... Camby down on court, with apparent ankle injury. Not good to see.
your a strange one boy.
Anxiously awaiting comments on
awesome! And we are too!
+1 RT : Great new diet plan- I've lost 4 pounds this week. It's called Norovirus diet.
World Cup starts in 2 days.
Just do that all day Giants!
what happened? :/
I almost hit two hipsters today
i love you!
Sometimes i wish i could be careless like you are and dump you like you did to me.
Now there's a second-line through the amphitheater. Classic New Orleans!
awesome see you next week
The Syrian regime has lost authority with the people to govern.
mentally dating you?
A day of doing absolutely nothing in Biology?! I never thought this day would come. Definitely going down in the history books.
We did run shortly into each other during the last #TedxRainier in November
my guilty pleasure: thinking in French. I know: so pretentious. I also dig listening to GaGa sing about her hair.
I heard your TXT read by www.DriveSafe.ly. I will get back to you soon.
2nd this! RT : Commencement speaker at today is Michael Bloomberg. I hope will have something to say.
That's it. I'm not letting Goldman manage my family's money anymore. Wait. There's a MINIMUM? #theywon'ttakeme
I've found a way to combine the two... Fuck someone as involved in twitter as I am.... Voilà, 'tweetup'.
This is why I love playoff basketball
Don't ask questions. Just get extras.
I guess this is sacrilege these days, but I didn't think the Stooges were so funny before they had ringers impersonating them.
Ale House meeting with #fitwall...have you tried this?
Faculty: What's on your to-do list this summer? Re-organize your classes? Redo your syllabus? Share your goals with us.
great news for the #49ers RT : Gates expected to miss Chargers' game Thursday vs. 49ers
Some people are attractive until they open their mouth.
Diligently marketing! SEO Rocks!
At some part of each day..Show God your Obedience!
Heading to Miller Park for our first game of the year. Go Brewers!!!
Inspired to experiment with Open Graph. Great stuff from
It has been an astonishing night in the #MLB. The Cards truely showing their resolve and igniting
ctfu ! i Know he saltyy !. smh . Nigga's act like they dont knw that they WILL be CHALKED if we find out they cool w the enemy!
Don't text me if you're not gonna carry on conversation.
2NITE @ Club Downtown! $2 Any Beer B4 11! Top Shelf- All Drinks/Shots $4 Allnite! Ladies FREE B4 11!
do ya wanna follow meh?
If I stopped fighting with myself my life would be so much simpler.
Can't get over this glorious SF weather!
swear the 80s had some great movies
Great weekend in Breckenridge. Powder on Saturday, Sunny on Sunday! EPIC.
Best Of Texas CarShow
RT : Remember things could always be worse. Atleast you aren't in the
Babysitting, don't mind spending my saturday night like this, I LOVE kids ♥
last summer was fun and i won't forget it
twitter>homework
I swear this woman I call mom never learns. I don't want your damn chocolate -.-
Still haven't seen your name on the list for our #RaceForTheCure team!. Sup wit dat?
Holocaust memorials (literary and visual) call for an ethical response that moves beyond empathy and catharsis.
We've been listening to a lot of You Me At Six recently. Who's your favorite pop punk band?
Name the place and time an I'm there!
wonderful conversation with Dr Gary Neuman. He appeared on Oprah last week. Fingers crossed he will be the newest contributor on the site.
What time is that Sat show before I screw up anymore tweets? I'll go to FB too and add them both.
Treasures tonight goin b crazy b there
RT : Celebrate the success of others
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs. ~ Anonymous
Will do #Lifer RT : : I been following so will you follow back?
Listening to co founder of Robbie Vitrano at EDA conference in Albuquerque, NM. Interesting story
mmmh not really, just hanging out with my boyfriend :)
not tomorrow. on Wednesday
That is so sweet. thanks!
Thanks for bringing Mei-Ann to speak to the women of memphis
Listen to your astrologer. If life wants to throw u goodies n you're blocking it via fear you'll stop it It's a journey to empowerment
That's right, crank that bass. Yes, enjoy it. Savor it. Savor it like I'm going to savor reporting you in the morning.
I haven't touched vicks in two years since my job with the nurses. The smell brings back memories
Kush blunts and big butts is a rescipe for a good friday night
Read Dowd's column today.
UB is now a nominee in 2 categories for Austin Fashion Week, Best Salon: Industry Choice and Best Salon: People's Choice!
Knock, Knock. Who's There. Nobody.
Lingering car problems continue. Don't think that's a bad thing given gas prices. Bike everywhere!
Really surprised & saddened you guys are selling taxidermy today. Just because you can sell it, doesn't mean you should. Unsubscribed.
Anyone know any banks with business checking that let you deposit checks with an iPhone app?
Must be watchin it inn the drive ins RT : Just starting the Hunger Games 😁 and LOVE it!
<whimper> RT : On balance, I'm with you. But consider the phrase "prime minister john boehner."
you know how I do
Summers motto
Can anyone confirm that the latest #progressive "messenger" commercial was shot at the Hollywood theater? It looks just like it.
y da hell is my myspace page in spanish
Thanks for the retweets. May God bless your week with with joy and fulfillment in Christ.
Dr smooth
Dear NYC, you gave me everything I never knew I wanted. I <3 u!
I don't think it is bad. No more than drinking a beer.
I love top gear uk lol
You'll love it! It's a great 2 days! Great 3 days if you're Dopey!
Need some info mayne
RT : What it says: "Do not touch. "What I read: "Touch when nobody is looking."
That moment when I fall into the schools lake....
that IKEA banner add is so cool! I love the concept, great insight.
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
#2wordsasianpeoplefear you failed !
Got a lot of flack when I put #iona in my sweet 16 yesterday....now, where are the haters?
Ugh. rightfully kills me because I said "quarter". I spent the intermission watching #Maryland #Lehigh. Also, I'm sorry.
darn. :( I guess wolverine. ;)
Go Spurs Go!
I gotta admit, I'm a bit of a Jerk Off
Everyone knows that the way to a man's heart is thru his cock. Fuck food.
Safe Travels. Next time you travel internationally consider convenient, stress free travel between Madison and ORD. Step Ahead!
hahah we'll see! I am still in my room ahha
come over!
I think I will work hard at being very reproductive today!
My newest comedian friend. Never never change!!! Have an amazing day!!!
It used to be freezing cold at Christmas, right? Am I remembering this wrong?
I see you chat it up with each other on something serious 😏
Summarize your writing project into an elevator speech. The exercise will help you clarify your ideas.
How many people are waiting for #TheVow premiere? #RachelMcAdams #ChanningTatum ♥
“: True Blood filmed at a private home in L.A. Wed-Fri. This week their filming at 2 homes in Hancock Park.”
You keep popn up as a suggestion to follow but you make me want to throw up & die
Woof! I didn't just recommend you both for spamming...
is the #shit..... :) i did see it though after i refreshed twice
I named my film company after the street I grew up on...'ROSEHAVEN'
In Asian Restaurant in Australia tonight and Chinese waiter says: #1& #2 are playing football today in US-right? Small world! Go Tigers!
Wait. Where's the UFO in that picture?
yes, you need to get over here. Don't make drag you in, because she will...
We luv luv RT : Some great new additions to #8035 lineup: Follow themTell them you love them
#inpdx the social review mapped by degrees will be the ultimate hack. Open graph + rating
she probably deserved it
nah, but I'll be around lol
Now this is what i call #winter!! YES for 50degree weather! Oh &&& youll never win the competition
Safe travels bro. A million thanks for all your help. Hope to hang again soon!
There is a difference between knowing the path and walking the path. Follow today, and walk that path.
Leslie Prichard's Contributor Profile - Yahoo! Contributor Network via
is talking the awesome future of automotive manufacturing tonight at Plush St. Louis w/
u welcome! Shit im good....runnin late as hell this morning
Nancy meet Ferry. Ferry meet Nancy. You'll meet in person, Barcelona, , with me or without me.
To all of my new followers, thank you for following me.
Kristen Wig looks BORING! Looks like something she's worn before.
of course you can my love!!! Yay for girls nights! :) miss you girls too much!
Tix are on sale for 2nd Annual Artisans' Fare on Nov. 18/19; Indiana's premiere food & drink artisans will be there, like !
lol i am loving that phrase.
DANCE TOMARROW OMG!!! gonna party like its 2012 :D
thanks for following!
One month without driving my car once. Meet my new friend the Compass transit card .... and screw you oil speculators.
hey apparently is giving away genomes on a stick #agbt don't miss it!
and some live in help...the whole family is going to feel it.
People are telling lies about me I don't understand. Some people at home and that in PA Im in FL how does that even work. Some R 40+ in age.
Want to learn from one of the world's most powerful women? Have speak at your
Your article in the Atlantic was fantastic! Bravo!
yes (: - your gonna come home for my party right ?[:
Michael Bloomberg dancing w Lady Gaga = priceless
surely; lots of problematizing of nerdom going on right now; happy to read your insights & criticisms -
Shee used to give me a ride to school :) does she not remember?
There are days like this when I wish would never end.
Just like her mama!
when are we gonna hangout?(:
If you're mine, you're mine. I'm not sharing you with anyone else.
He will get you... Whether you're standing, sitting, or laying... He's ganna get you, by golly.
looking forward to hearing about this... plez tweet generously.
im waiting for u,m finally there you r heylivhjje dhw nidhan miyaru
For a late breakfast I'm having eggs and turkey bacon and avocado and OJ and coffee and...oh shit sorry....thought this was facebook...
lifes a bitch *shrug*
forget shared reading. Kids really do not do that stuff anyways. YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO
Do they reuse the barrels?
Dropped off our old van at Cars for Courage Center this AM. Next up: dead TV to recycling station, old furniture to Goodwill
If somebody calls me one more time from Restricted, I will personally come to your house and shove my fist down your throat.
we got peyton manning here in denver, you think you'd enjoy orange and blue?
and I wonder why I'm fat >(
As we grow up we realize it is less important to have lots of friends, and more important to have real ones.
What a bummer. Great running FH from Andy, tho.
Someone please confirm that the Snooki preggo rumors are false...
what is going on with this cloudy, cold weather... all i want to do is lay out...but now i have to opt to cut the grass. 10 payment $YM$
thanks, unfortunately that doesn't help when we were testing out the car for the weekend and wanted power on demand
Is the word "SCHMUCK" written across my forehead?!?!
The phone/computer works both ways! why I always gotta be the dominate one and text/tweet u first
And Damon continues to disappoint.
Great kickoff to #RTW12 with dancing and Bobbie Robertson who's talking abt walking on the razor's edge.
ikr well hope the rest of ur day go good
I still give myself a cootie shot every morning. You can never be to safe.
AttorneyTimekeeper -he easiest way to keep your time is almost ready. Want to be 1st to try it? Follow us - send a DM - ask to be included.
That sounds fantastic!
I know people are tryna grind... hella stacks open on the 4th floor lib
Photo gear: Canon St-E2 ETTL transmitter on Amazon.com for only $150.00. Only one left in stock under Helios Digital Imaging.
Come out tonight to the Fishers Town Hall for the 5th District debate. Doors open at 6:00.
"It`s hot in here.." "Sorry, should I leave?"
Just got saluted and called "Admiral". I'll take it!
damn straight!
Shoutout to Ariel(:
haha oh no. 5 second rule?
IF YOU KNOW WHATS GOOD FOR YOU TURN ON SOME SLIGHTLY STOOPID RIGHT NOW
Life is so crazy sometimes...
Sorry , Turds & Blossoms' contribution limits aren't subject to court rulings. only gets 3 of each to award.
So borreeeedddd, need something to do!
RT "Where exactly are you now? Should I just lookup where the latest car bombings took place today?"
- people always Im my motherfucking business..like do you have a life?
Sometimes, things just work out. You feel strong again. You can exhale. Whew.
hahaha...I feel GREAT!!! Nice work on shipping them DVDs playa, keepin indie indie. (bows head in honor)
...upcoming CD release info, new merchandise, contests and more!! Stay tuned…
cool .. sollen wir in deutsch schreiben or do u prefer the english version :D ?
Thanks for following me,
S/o to #atleticoDeMadrid for winning the Europa league. I'm sure my fam in Madrid is going ham right now
except for that :)
Epic literary weekend. Opened AND made it to Last Bookstore. Now if only I could find a second to read...
have i told you lately you rock?!? well...you do.
thanks Mike ! We will miss you! Hope the FAm is well!:)
no keys push to start
Sout out to all them deaf ppl listening to me saying this!!! I see ya
We do what we have to,simple as that! #StrongInMotherhood Have a great Monday new Mommy :-)
that has to be such a relief! Enjoy the quality time!
Your gutt rarely fails you. RT Don't lose that "stomach gutt check" ever
Words are nuthin actions are everything : )
well that just sux. You making love and making the money. Can u share at least. You keep makin LOVE. I need money, I need work!
Woooosh .. all f**kin written exams are finally DONE .. ;)
lighten up.
Super sleepy today
#YourNotAPothead if you take one hit and say your done for the rest of the night, lame ass niggas.
“: Got to be my fav Jkap release yet. I laughed, I cried, I jacked it.” haha. Hell yes! Please help share it
Getting drunk.Wanna suck is?
oh please DO NOT get wasted,lol.
You make me smile, always! Thank you! :D ❤
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x7
How do I change a twitter account email and password with only the username information?
Those friends that can make you smile no matter what. (:
THANK YOU. people have been messing this up all day, and it's bugging me way more than it should be.
I think just the opposite is true-Christ is immensely relevant to every person in today. That relevance is just counter-cultural!
Fact: minority patients are more likely to choose a clinician of their own race
yes, sounds lovely! i shall text you in the morning as soon as i talk to my mother
Totally nerding out on blog analytics this morning... would be proud :-)
I know your bad, but I want you bad
So I Guess Im An Asshole Now ? .. Aighht Then .
they got sling blade on too so it's a party
"Remember this day. 551-day-old #Instagram is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old New York Times Co. $967 million." --Tonya Hall
Congrats and for winning 'Love in the Wild'. I actually really enjoyed the show! The best to both of you :)
Lol. Don't you all hate eachother?
I love your werk video::) ive been watching it non stop all day!!! i wish that you'd follow me someday
#NowPlaying Dwele Cheating on my girl(with my girl)
SPACESHIPS AND COFFEE ❕❕❕❕
Your Life as an Independent [Whatever] wkshp, next starting 4 June... ;^)
Constantine made it illegal to pass gas... and Ben Franklin thought of Beano in the 1700s
Salsa on my balls boys. Salsa on my balls boys. Weed brownies. Skrillex in funny
Great programs scheduled for March and May ! Exclusively for moms! Join and unlock your mom badge to qualify!
“Santa’s Littlest Elf has Autism,” by Amy Ames and James Martinez will be going out to over 2,600 radio stations around the world.
NO! I mean, good for you! I have to do a write-up for Seattle Weekly Thurs. Was hoping u were behind bar. :(
i had 2 donuts, i believe that classifies me as a full blown
Shared FB facilities are a relic of the past. A disaster for one team or the other
This kid at school says Demi's music sucks and I always wanna punch him in his face he better STOP!!!!
Yep I have a boyfrend!!! Talk ya shit. :) me no care lol.
Playing Downtown Disney ....flying solo....
I will have to ask her about the legal implications of employers asking for social media account passwords.
thank you
i meant like do you have to mention it in the table of contents
how did you know I call my penis "thunder"?
are u still on omegle?? :) x
I work in a park. Taking walks is always nice when MKE weather cooperates.
What's everyone up to this weekend? I'll be getting my dance muscles worked up again w/ some jerkin vids on ! Any takers?
thanks for the love homies ima always ride wit ya!!
its already May 18th in ur world huh...yeah Happy Somaliland Independent Day
and go to deaf coffe chat with me!
I will be OK baby. I love you baby.
listen lady.....
"they be sweating me like NBA player balls" <3 <3 <3
Now we have rock star from Maryland sharing personal bike commute story. #NBS12 "I needed transpo to get to work".
GIRL GIVE THEN FOLLOWERS WHAT THEY WANT LOL RT": Then You Just Gon Be Waiting Lol RT : I'm waiting on a pic lol"
On my way to judge photo contest!
good luck john morrison
I thought so too. I think I may try it with white or a soft tan. I'll post a pic - let me know!
#opengov is a big umbrella. I'd like to decouple transparency concerns from civic education/legislative uniformity concerns.
Note to Tilden Park visitors: "Pick up after your dog" doesn't mean "wrap shit in a plastic bag and leave it in the middle of the trail."
Donna Summer was another one who musically impacted my life. I love this lady's art. She was THE DISCO DIVA!
Free promotion site on my profile. Try it out if you need more follows, Follow4follow? i am interested :)
yea hopefully u do they literally didn't want to stop talkin to me and my friend
I'm busy busy busy today
So thrilled to be a part of it again!
im not quantifying it. i'm enjoying baseball.
I was talking About work
yea so how u been
Cleaning out my list tonight. Some of you will know to whom I speak of when you get an unfolded. Thanks for being rude!
Think I'm going to cook some burgers when I get home. Or just put a pizza in the oven.
I want you here love
Thanks, Allan!
I forget how to turn my phone back to normal colors! Uh oh
Anyone else notice that Brandon Weeden looks like Tintin?
hahah love it!
She got me saying
We must live so that the social network did not have enough time.
We are officially CLOSED for the summer! Have a wonderful summer and congratulations to the awesome class of 2012!
What did you think of the movie? I read the book, and thought it was great!
Pondering the origin and utility of phrases "Crying uncle" and "Weathering the storm." Irene put one on us but we made it through.
Bot 7: King 2, Churchill 2. Gm 2. Churchill leaves leadoff single on base. B. Niederhofer just misses the chalk on a potential 2B.
What would happen to land, street, situational, performance arts without film or photography?
“ Not same taste in music #dealbreaker lol”
#Oomf just reminded me what I was suppose to be doing today lol
Everything is about holograms lately... So over it. Ciao.
Looking for a few new online personal training clients! Less then $20 a week!
- I taped your show on my vcr and am watching it now on vhs tape. Its hilarious.
Great night ! Thank you #planetshakers for leading us in worship.
Let me know if you are interested in playing in a Wayland alumni soccer game. Don Armour is organizing it; I'll pass messages along.
Moving sounds great
Wich city in canada ? :)
it's kind of pedestrian. The S&M spices it up, I guess, but most romances are better.
Now I should go on #oomf because I told him there would be repercussions but it is pretty late #mybad homie lol
... Aside from hockey, tackle football is accociated with more concussions than any other sport.
I'm with Jessie J, I just want to make the world dance. :)
NYCity Love: Fashion photo shoot in the rain in the middle of 5th avenue
Forgetting the chapstick when your lips are pretty badly chapped is some kind of Alanis Morissette BS
Dear AS, i love you so much.
Its is so nice on the Rooftop Happy Hour is on!!
One week... One place... One Club!! The number #1 teen event in PA -- Revive at Club 212!! Wednesday April 4th!!
Have you bought anyone music lately?
I wish I had a friend that loved as much as I do so when he comes to Oklahoma they could go with me <3
Did you catch my name in the lyrics of Sim Sala Bim?
The types of law are criminal law, civil law, administrative law, case law, and procedural law.
yeah, took 5th at masters
hahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahahhahaha I wish I was dating someone or I had someone to hang out with tonight
She has our vote ": Love those Vancouver Film Critics for awarding Elizabeth Olsen BEST ACTRESS for Martha Marcy May Marlene!"
At Kroger. Then off to the pool. And then having a bonfire.
Good Luck to all the #SECsoftball Schools Tonight during the #NCAA Selection Show on
Really nice story from Myra Sanchick tonight--updates the life of child brought to U.S. from Romanian orphange 17 years ago. Fox6 10pm.
Its all about the intent to will your dreams www.seventysixes.com
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever! :D
Installed the Songkick app in Spotify. Looks like I'll be going to a few concerts this year…
The libraries and Ms are only open for a few more weeks! Come and visit while you can :)
"We could get into trouble. That's how you know it's an adventure." Lines from Hugo or John Edwards first seducing his mistress?
gorgeous day w/ pals in #PGH and will be here for the concert tomorrow eve
im not sleeping yet, but im about to finish studying!!
Cryptic Wisdom's "Tear the walls Down" video drops 2morrow on my you tube channel "NueWaveAZ" and crypticwisdom.com check it out!!
Man I am in love with
Congrats to one of my several returning juniors on making 3rd team all-state. Marquis White. Has a chance next level.
Will there be snow? Ready to hunker down and get some writing done.
Kick drum solo!
At mall of America riding rides
- we had dover sole, char, grilled octopus, a greek red wine & ended w/homemade ice cream & choc lava cake!!
Fwak you mean?
#schoolmemories playing super monkey bloons in farris class everyday .
If you need me, I'll be attempting to hang myself from the top floor of Theater 1 in between showings of John Carter.
"The War Around Us" will make its world premiere at the Newport Beach Film Festival on April 29. Congrats to the Mohyeldin Brothers!
Brillance! Now, how can I build this into my bio on our website?
I love how empty the gym is this morning...
does Sunday evening maybe around 5 work for an meeting?
At the press conference at CitySchools main office, launching our "Men Reading in Schools", named after community advocate Michael Carte ...
and now I'm sad
If ESPN said Tebow motion was fine all you cronies would believe it...99% of u dont even know what a QB throwing motion should be
When did "You're welcome" turn into "No problem"? Is "Thank you" a problem?
#wolfblitzer Mellow Out Wolf! You've lost it!
nope I'm in the 412 again
I'm in need of some great iPad app recommendations! No games, please!
No Problem. Go to Amazon.com. thanks
yes sir. A few people on the production team fell asleep last night.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset people trying to have text conversation during Sunday football! That will get you #KnockedOutLikeOrtiz !!!
Nice! Love it. Happy Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month! :)
really want to go to the show at Highline tonight..who want's to give me me a ticket!? lol
Using the bathroom always makes a person a little bit happier ^_^ unless it was an unpleasant trip
I'm a little bird tweeting my soul out
Many great shows coming up this month!
Great! More for the rest of us! RT: Sangria in the office bad I don't like Sangria.
Yes, she is Marie Ross, a pro clarinetist in the Netherlands.
"God helps those who help themselves".
Thanks to #DMA for giving #SKINS Writers an awesome pep talk last night
Just got home and tuned in. Is it still playing?
Just had the nicest conversation with my bf for a hour. Now off to bed. Im living the dream. Life is so wonderfully perfect! Goodnight y'all
you should join our fan group ;D
cute hats are also an option.
Fletcher's third priority: rebuilding the city by restoring library hours, fixing infrastructure:
we literally are your my dude
okay we need to come up with a plan. Not sure if LA can handle us
tracks is all wonky. did u spell my email right? u before e. just wondering
Halfway to the boyfriends house!
For the love of the green and the love of the team Put together a circle that couldn’t come in between
Just sang the worst version of Teenage Dream ever. #no shame
So excited to go #ALLIN in Green Bay with , tomorrow. Nothing to lose
I turned my phone onto “Airplane mode” and threw it up into the air. Worst Transformer Ever.
I just used the "there" when I should have used "they're" sorry guys #MyBad #Won'tHappenAgain
may be to get more better :P
with a nerf gun!
haha tell me about it, talking trash on twitter is the way to go hahaha
Lakers cant shoot 3's at all
Foot massage is a relaxing experience, relieving achy feet, all over stress reliever. Our Advanced Moisturizer is great! beautysnatural.com
Thanks for following.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. St. Francis of Assisi
Tip #121: We can work on our mental strength by deliberately putting ourselves in tough spots. Think about the movie "The Bourne Identity".
any interest in the Art Walk? Thought I'd post on bulletin board re: gathering for dinner. 6:15?
is looking for some fun things to do in Chicago this weekend! Any ideas???
Let's get this "W" Bandits! #4 it's game time
Amusingly, to tweet the Chronicle article about protecting your twitter account, you had to give permission to an app.
sorry to all my followers i would follow you back but my twitter acount is mest up and wont let me follow any body...so sorry.
tonight went from bad, to good, to really bad, to really good. sometimes the drama is worth it in the end. ❤
yea my guy it's time something new. You coming out tonight?
good morning alex(:
good luck in LA Shabazz!
Sayin Drake is better than Common as an MC is like sayin Jeremih is better than Marvin Gaye as a singer n that's the doubletruth
We hope that Leap Day Williams brought all our #milwaukee #dnation runners lots of kind donations to #beatcancer!
Walked into the house to a wonderful aroma, I'm guessing and the kids have been doing some Easter baking.
UPTOWN TONIGHT!!
I guarantee after the ban was passed in North Carolina some people high fived, which is so gay.
Sending good thoughts to the Universe for you!
Unless you spent your entire #NFL career on the kick off return wedge & playing wedge breaker on Kickoff don't tell me s#*t about my choices
Are you ready for this Philadelphia?? #1045BdayShow TODAY
Something bit me cause i been itching the past our
RT “: If you focus on a problem, it clarifies everything. If you can solve it for one, you can solve it for many. - "
I would have homework... I hate my teachers.
Got my laptop fixed, can start getting on more =]
I know theres like rarely Indians on twitter they are much on facebook!!
We're doing AWESOME... I don't understand why they gave the goals to Van though... we're wearing the dark blue today, right?
I think I should go see a doctor about my wrist.
DONT LEAVE ME!
Blame it on my ADD, baby.
Chillin watching movies and relaxing
The most beautiful amazing man gave us a ride to the airport early this am...this one is the real deal!! ❤
- thanks ... And we're just getting started!!
let me know what they say - I've had that same problem!
Thanks for the mention!!!
Watchin "Freddy vs. Jason"
RT Look at a man as he is & he’ll become less; look at a man as he could be & he’ll become what he should be. - Les Brown
Tonight- Taboo Dead Sexy Halloween Party and Fashion Show w/ Octaine Saints, Four 50 Four and Black Girls- Doors
feelin like a lion in a cage full of zebra, cuz all yall two face plus im hungry....”on my simba shit”
Maybe Bron is tired
Simple things: being happy I have friends who walk me to the light rail stop and wait for the tram with me. Thanks
this is bassicly how relationships go:i luagh at your lame jokes and u laugh at pretty much everything i do
What terms do you think you're better than me?#lookinlikeafool? #notbackinupthesmacktalk? #losing? There is no rivalry here
what you buy (jeans or Jewelry) you get THAT DAY! Linzy and Kayla (Linz sister) will be here in Anchorage so I'm doing a party!
Revolutionizing the concept of traditional wallpaper. : )
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. - Harry S Truman
Hey! What's the deal with being able to sell tix directly thru facebook? Possible? Not possible? Thanks!
Leadership is having courage to do right thing even when others do not agree with you. To accept responsibility for decision regardless.
Lovin life while sitting on my Huge porch drinkin my 2 cup o Joe, with the sun #birds chirping
what are you 90?
Awesome night. Deliciousness. Playoff bball and tacos.
I feel like a kid again.
The Holidays are Approaching!!! EEK! Time to start organizing your purchases! Call #BooksandPay!!
Lol Our season is almost over though.. :(
She will be a beast and get to Vegas :))))
Holy cow. Very nice. Congratulations!
And again.... Cool
u either
Man 4 drinks about 5 shots & the night started about 45 mins ago
What are you #thankful for this Thanksgiving holiday my #milwaukee friends?
Pretty awesome to land in DC. Washington Monument, Lincoln Memorial glide past cab window. They let ordinary people like me live here?
Yes, of course. Also, some academics could just pull their heads out of their asses.
how'd the heat end up last season?
Make that shouldn't have survived - a few times now - but did so because there is no free market
#kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Wed, May 16 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
me too. Excited!
I'm a member of the Work Release Program. I'm at work and they won't release me!
When you keep going back to someone who hurt you bad, you're not dumb, just hopeful that one day they'll change.
oh snap!!! i have a lot of followers...
Transcripts from Google Voice are like transmissions from the Oulipo about our daily lives.
Vietnam what purpose?,We were lied to, over 8 mill.American served.Iraq lied too again, Kennedy Johnson GW Bush 2 made up wars.2 dem 1rep.
Iliah!!!!!! I told you I would take him !!! And I'll fight you if you didnt feed him -___-
did you see the original The Girl with the Dragon T? I didn't like it. I really liked the US version
Celebrity math: A dance from the 60s + the substance that poisoned Jeremy Piven = Freddie Mercury.
Everyone go pick up a copy of new album on iTunes !! Go now !
Come & get me...please!
when you see family that you havent seen in forever and have nothing but laughs & old stories. >>>>
Now THIS is biking weather! I'm not saying you should ditch work to go biking, but it IS an option!
glad we helped spark an idea. Best of luck in getting it all done!
GUYS. TIME FO' BADASS BIEBER IN FOUR DAYS.
Unfortunately no, but I would DEFINITELY love argyle pants.
u need to continue to build ur legacy. Come to sf, great defense, now moss, gore, vdavis. We need qb that can take us 2 sb!
CANNOT WAIT! WATCH OUT WE'RE TAKIN OVER “: Just wrapped up welcome post for our blog. Gettin amped! ”
Follow me back please. :)
Regardless on how it goes down.. Life goes on
Music is awesome, 'nuff said
I'd rather be home.
Make that ass move that's an assquake.
thanks! have stevens, but not ; will email. interwebs #ftw :)
we can celebrate your graduation w this stuff sometime in the near future
That's a wrap! Shooting at the Milwaukee Domes, completed!!
#20peoplethatilove #12 Hayley, my beautiful suitemate and best friend, you make my life at Lee enjoyable. I'm so lucky to have you around.
I will be back on it as soon as my shoulder can support weight independently. It's hard to be this BADASS.
Dear emailers: no I don't want to meet local hotties or need penis enlargement pills or Viagra never had complaints so quit sending shit
wow !haha umm dont know what to say to that one !
You could never be ice cream. Cause you're so hot. And a person.
WOW! They are very talented, I am following them now.
i see how it is
Thank you, and also to you. Yes, he's classic. Timeless. Haunting. Soul and sincerity from the streets.
Wonderful picture. Thanks for sharing!
In a library, knocking down all the bookshelves
I really wish u were here too! (& I bet Betty does too)
finally setting up our twitter page!
Yikes. I'm sorry.
Just woke up from a dream where I could jump over buildings. Coolest dream ever.
to gain a 4th round pick.
At arlington hospital and my moms baby just got born(: have a baby brother now
Delmon Young in left field is an adventure.
Having some of the last Fresh and Easy's "Summer Peach" Ice Cream. So good.
i know all your statues are about me, so stop or i'll make you miserable :)
If you don't focus on the money but on doing a good job, the money will come.
hill you fucked up !
Softball game with was a success. Even though we froze.
Would love to wear bracelets for just 5 seconds:) STUNNING
Yay! RT Anxiously awaiting the new addition to our family!
Talking about hockey & our awards from today
he is playing football in August
i say we are your friends you'll never be alone again so comon
awesome message today
Find your ceiling. Then break through it.
thanks! glad you enjoyed Guerrilla Usability Testing! Looking forward to more design n usability chats
Someone go to chipotle with me?!
Stop whatever you're doing and take a full, deep cleansing breath. Feel better?
..follow back
Creativity struck me this morning.
I love thus position :)
How's this for a pairing out here at Mayo Invite: Winona's Leaf, Century's Fritcher, Byron's Kiefer, along with Lourdes' Pagel.
Knowledge is Power -Francis Bacon
Now that Draw Something is owned by Zynga I'm less inclined to play it... So let's get in on a game before the ink dries! User: Admprly
I just pulled some Jarvis Cocker antics while recording the new record. I need some Brandy.......
I can tell when my mom is talking to herself in her head because she moves her hands around like she's having a real conversation
Its about to be a chill night by myself
My mom's tacos are hittin!
4 sure joe. today was a good piece of work.
Was very pleased with myself for dressing up today. Just realized my shirt is on backwards. Sweet!
Boy you got that boom badoom badoom bass ;) Hey follow plz ;)
did you see the gameplay footage from Modern Warfare 3 yet?
RT Big things in store for Knoxville area UT Young Alumni in 2011-12!
...sorry I was watching vintage Sam Kineson on SNL last night...interesting person/man
Well it looks like i've got a new kitten
LMAO... is that your polite way of saying no?
Seriously? I liked War Horse, but that's crazy talk
my feet are so sunburned it's not even funny. aloe is my best buddy for the next few days.
Have 30 big blinds, grind time
Although I've been to other (non-book) trade shows, and it's v. easy to get caught up in the swag frenzy.
OMG I actually watched a goal being made live on TV. First time for everything. Go USA!
#apractalk please say it will be tweeted!
haha me and Linz have one too :P but anyways like what?
I don't get it.
No accurate thinker will judge another person by that which the other person's enemies say about him. ~ Napoleon Hill
I went to college with Will Ferrell. To this day I regret not going on his wild streaking adventures.
. Exactly. I kept thinking digital dualism, digital dualism. Had to stop yelling at radio.
Just heard on the radio, Dr. C.Murray is on suicide watch in jail. Life is crazy, one day u have it all the next day u have nothing. LIFE!!
yep. any recommendations for things to do?
Happy thanksgiving (:
where in NC are you, sis?
A whole day spent in the library and not nearly enough was accomplished
7 client meetings, 3 hotel nights, 1 good meal, 13.5 miles on treadmill, and Larrys coffee beans...time to get home and coach little league!
It's Always Sunny in Yesidelphia
We lost a unique and unusual talent in Dennis Hopper, today........I loved the guy......god rest his soul
Yes - that's so true! Even 30 minutes each morning helps & makes us feel more energized when we don't have rush!
Christian Dior Denim Flow
|#quotes You don't need to have a 100-person company to develop that idea.
Some random person took a bunch of my Facebook pictures and made them their profile pic. *Shudders creeped outedly*
that is what makes it so good
A POP bitch, that's that shit I don't like. 😒
oh yes. Lol
Why is it ok for some players not want to be somewhere and its ok and others its not. A business? Well that goes both ways.
”It’s impossible” said pride. “It’s risky” said experience. “It’s pointless” said reason. “Give it a try” whispered the heart - Anonymous
let's hang out next this upcoming weekend?
your music has helped us all so much! So thank you :D your so sweet(:
nope I'm not.
Next time you are in Seattle. Would love for you to try #TheRainierClub house cured charcuterie. Your pops loved it!!!
"they be hatin on my mama" okay Iviona we see you.
Low's around freezing tonight. A slight chance of rain tomorrow with temperatures only reaching the upper 40's.
I fly home tomorrow! Then back to work later in the week. Not much time for relaxing except on flight :)
tell ur sources it's whatever, and I am good for it! Trying to offer, no response: hope they ain't mad.. Let's ball at the mall!
Get it straight
What time the track meet
I think needs to shake it off. Still has a ton of superstars to talk to.
"question. Is a Snuggie supposed to be open in the back or front? Either way, I feel like Jesus and going to McDonalds with my ass out."
Wino Wed. Enjoy a 2007 Howell Mountain Cab with hints of toast and dark chocolate. Happy hour 4-7pm.
Pretty sure they could impeach every available witness with prior bad acts and/or droidhood.
Dwayne, Ant, you and I gonna be on some Spartan ish this summer. beach bodies are nice but what can you do with it...
That is so cool! Definitely not cool that the #Lorax statue was stolen, though. Hope it gets returned soon.
New Lamb of God drops today....finally the wait is over!
One of these days is none of these days. いずれそのうちという日はない。
Every 365 yo you get a little wiser, and realize all that stupid shit you got is lame Bumpin
OMG does HAVE A PROJECTION??
those are cute. Did you get to the j crew sale
it didn't even look good from the previews on tv.
check it out! 20+ is considered well connected via social media- get your business to 20+ or match maxed out Justin Beiber at 100!
We f*cking did it! We killed it at the Kennedy Center!
H&M ad definitely on brand for them -- sexy, simple, and now with the added star power of David Beckham.
RT Kick everyone's ASS in fantasy football this year by getting your pigskin addiction draft guide! 100 pages with NO ADS!
Very nice. Enjoy!
I have a pimple right in the middle of my nose. -___- UGH!
There you go, eh? Have a great time, eh?
nope I'm out of iTunes money :P But I just watched the music video! My step sister thinks he looks like Nevel from iCarly XD
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing
I like when people take your work and pass off as they're own.
I hate how the weekend goes by so fast
8.8 million viewers. MTV's most-watched season premiere ever. Jersey Shore will not die folks (via )
found the most fab pair of jackie o sunnies at a vintage eyewear house in LA, but couldn't handle the price tag ... $450, yikes! wish list!
Ed Hardy trucker caps are very terrible. Please advise. Kindest regards.
Hey ! Best night I've had in a while for so many reasons! ;)
#FF ; Go rape the follow button she is chill AF.
u said rt happens the most in evening est, but wcoast provides most content thats rt'd. Stat can't apply to wcoast, no?
#Metta World Rest in Peace
I haven't gotten into then yet but I hear great things about from my friend !
Off to the Partnership PAC event to help support downtown!!!
Kenta is out of ICU. Up and cracking jokes. Benefit concert scheduled at the Launchpad on October 26.
Nope, as a guy I'm all over Pinterest. Why, is this supposed to be a girl thing?
Breaking houses with Emmet, breaking beds with Edward, breaking tables with Zayn
Try to avoid Transnistria-thats where most of the border problems occur. Most trains now avoid it and many buses.
Someone just walked into my office to tell me they sent me an email. They then told me what the email was about.
Our family just got a puppy + we love him so much! He's a Boston Terrier. Do you have a family pet too?
Adams Point is blacked out.
I just received the following message from you: "I saw a real bad blog about you, you seen this? sunarm.ru", what is this?
yanno!?! You broke put? We'll have to figure out a B-side connect
‎Elite Land Tours of Palm Springs has jumped on board offering 10% off any tour. Have you purchased your rewards card yet? $19.95 in June!
your welcome darling<3
Forgiveness is not an occasional act; it is a permanent attitude. -Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr
We call that the government.
Someone enlighten me on how to go about playing a show.
you lose anyway, either way....
MT : #ILikeObamaCare because we no longer have to foot the bill for uninsured libertarians. Like that lady in FL...
No wait you said we need more polite people in this world ... my apologies for being rude :)
Webster Hall...today is the day! #lets do this
Hot days amplifies the stink factor in the library to 12.
Don't forget! The first 50 people to purchase tickets to A Reason for Romance get a complimentary swag bag, full of SWAG! Buy now :)
Thanks - yes I did RSVP to the email I got, looking forward to it!
Oh, the Bible thumpers are going to be mad at you!
Bitch? o_O how are you thick when your stomach stick out more than your booty do?
Witnessed the flames of burning property after a UK win, saw London, and drank at the beach, all in the past three weeks
All fingers for me. Mavis Beacon taught me how to type and broke my two finger habit. You might be too young to know her :)
just get your XCal on and rise to the top :)
Loved having you #herworld. Shaun and Tamera couldn't stop talking about all o fyou!
OMG,a table fell intop off toe's and am bleeding alot!!!!:(
Come see Dj Beach tonight at Chi Cha
he is incredible! I've even downloaded his songs off iTunes like a fan girl....ha!
Super saver day at Discovery world today! $5 off entrance if u wear green! Purchase item from a wonderful vendor market $10 off
Thanks to everybody who responded with thoughts on my next smartphone. Huge help! I'll let you know what I end up with.
thanks for the mention of the event on May 8th. We appreciate your co-sponsorship!
Back to that 1 man army thing again baby
gearing up for wedding season...20% off services if booked by march 15 *offer does not include the elopement package
People don't go to college for a degree, they go to embrace a career!
