Being in the house alone isn't as bad as I thought it would be
Good, our evil plan is working!
I can't wait to graduate. Like honestly.
Michelle.. You need to focus
feel u on that..I'm in cali..killin the actin game ma..so I kno just what u talkin bout..hit me on facebook 2..Kiyano La'vin
Thanks for the heads up! I remember watching a film where an 8-yr old was breastfed in 1 scene. He said, "Yummy, tacos." Eew
The first day back at work after vacation.
my limits r spinnin around bcuz i love like woe while im youngforever on balconies when everything stays four the same.
Fear and Loathing reference in the movie Rango, awesome!!!
Hunger is worst than any #disease. Hunger kills faster than any desease. Hunger dosn't need research. Research? Answer. Dnt eat 4 a day.
Talent show practice was a
Visiting Indianapolis for the weekend? We'd love for you to join us at the Milano Inn for family-style #Italian cuisine.
Meanwhile waiting for the Alliance Black Box to clear out so we can rehearse. Fabulous Fable Factory runs next Thursday through Sunday.
goodnight waking up early :/
« It's sad how the people you were once so close with can become just another stranger you don't know.»
today has seriously been the best.
Being ignored by a celebrity on TWTTR makes me feel like a telemarketer getting hung up on or LiLo's agent to movie studios.
Omg! These pants are so damn long! I had to roll them up 5x 👎
Paint your walls light green, hang up multicolored christmas lights, then tape crayons to your wall then MELT THEM. HAHA IDK
“: ACTUALLY pulled a carly rae jepsen today at the mall... and it paid off #calledmeDEFINITELY :D xx” swag :)
Good night!
Your stupid words don't even phase me. Talk it up bitch, go fucking crazy.
yum. I've gotta try those.
already on it! :)
it was some excellent greek food. Super indy more than a hashtag
Aye all of #dmv stand up!!!!!! 's mixtape releases tomorrow spread the word!!!!!!
Do you ever just look around your place and wonder when the tornado came through? Because that's just what happened...
#FF he finds us food great online friend nice man. our soul my cohort
that does sound like a good time.
#SaturdayNightGleever is amazing so far!!!! Everyone is just phenomenal!
and im working RT Rose bowl special $20 unlim taps and halftime buffet, see you soon
: what's got you stressed? Don't believe the rumors... Santorum has not chance clinching the nomination. :P
just let her know the closest i can be to having a song about me, is at least knowing someone who does. #takingliberties. LOL!
no longer painting at the sailor Jerry event due to weather. Pls still go an chx it out n say hi to Erin . Flyer is up on Fletcher702.com
59 years & still going strong - so glad we could share so much happiness with you!
What are the police going to announce in the investigation of a man shot on 205 at their news conference on Thursday? Watch KATU at 11.
I can't do this!
Prediction for CHI-DEN... it's gonna be 3-6 final, LOL
Perhaps our access to AV equipment gives us phenomenal powers of insight? ☺
omg: those weren't worms I ran over, they were little curvy sticks. Millions of them, the same size.
This guy on TV ran 43 marathons in 51 days..
GOD KEEP BLESSiNG YOU &&ND THE ONLY PPL YOU KiSS UP TO iS THE PPL THAT WANT TO SEE YOU SUCCEED...
We don't all have time to constantly shift our Twitter picture, nor perhaps take as good pix as you
Where's this from?
ah that sounds flipping amazing.
Question is, if our USC offered, would he consider?
Warning for the next...
#nw sponge bob . My fav cartoon :)
“: Lets go #JRNation” yes yes yes :)
William Lloyd Garrison~ I am in earnest--I will not equivocate--I will not excuse--I will not retreat a single inch--and I will be heard.
I hope you had a wonderful weekend. Thanks for the RT!
I rlly hate running
Bryce Harper had a hissy fit that ended with him just missing blinding himself with a broken bat. Gotta admire the way he plays...
Music music and more music!
I hear this from ladyfriends every year about the same time, winter is a better time to pounce lol
Thank u sir!
The Diminishing Digital Divide
Who let's there 14 and 15 year olds get tattoos? Seriously.
Fuck you school.
Fuck you! <-- to the dude who kept buying rounds last night... My head is banging 😣
HATERR!! I Was tired and had to work!
Woo I'm excited! Sounds delicious :)
Grabbed Bedlam from Steve's Liquor. So good!
can't wait till your back at SFA!!!
TWO MORE WEEKS OF HELL. ( school ) than SUMMMMMMMMMA! :D
your CONCEDED....
RT : A yodeling ventriloquist RT : We came THISCLOSE to having a ventriloquist #MissAmerica -would have been awesome.
Recorded multiple tracks for comp 1's chorus last night sounds like Andrew Lloyd Webber/pink Floyd/Massive Attack/Yma Sumac.
We agree! Your Caramel Rooibos is delicious!
Would be cool to own #LuckyLuciano's ring...
I don't have respect for them either!
required reading update (for the new job): 2 books down, 6 to go!
How do you think the Wings will play against the Predators? Comment or call 248-848-1130
open training today?
I'm afraid the pink champagne cake in my fridge is getting lonely....
Sorry we didn't get a chance to chat! Next time! :)
"...and has mistaken herself for the heroine of a Russian novel."- NOW I ASK YOU
i saw two big pregnant lesbian bees fuckn in mid air
Very strange... it's 23 in Milwaukee right now and 21 with light snow in Dallas. Maybe the Super Bowl should be played up here!
Glad that I got confirmed, I feel that it made me so much closer to god
Have experience with events? Want to be a Volunteer for the Baja Bash? Email
OMS! My timeline is getting spammed with tweets to
Upgrade your experience with our luxurious penthouse and balcony suites!
thanks & same :)
really does sound great :-)
I'm reading the news about you leaving. I recently did that, too. Congrats and good luck in Tampa!
S/O to all my followers
If history may be misplaced, search school newspaper archives for any past coverage.
#JoshGroban fans come join us for food/drinks before the concert!
would love to! Hoping to be in Boulder last weekend of June, shoot me an email anytime and happy to help during unreasonable
love love love them. U going to Indy show?
When someone tells me that they need to talk to me about something the worst things come to mind.
G.T.S
Leave the critter there. Will eat the mice and is harmless
In an effort to be a better person, I've decided instead of being selfish, I'm going to be shellfish.
Journey through the past.
Technical colleges in Wisconsin received a 30% cut in state aid. How will the administration help keep my tuition cost low?
foolish places do, yes. Generally if you have SSH, you have SFTP, too.
omg I'm so sorry. She's in my prayers. What happened?
there is no coming back lol
Thanks, we will think about some good session topics.
I Love A Bitch That KNow TO Keep Me One Rolled @@@@@
Merry Christmas everyone!!! ": There are like 15 kids on my flight. Kill me now."
yes! I'm a fan of Google docs&it prob has same legal thingamabobber.When I make something awesome 4 Google to steal ill be sad :b
Got an email from my Mom saying that she was sailing past the Strait of Gibraltar. She's on her way to Barcelona!
I probably coulda kept that 2 myself...
I have no idea.. haha.. I haven't researched yet.. it's in perfect condition.. 32GB, black, less than 2 yrs old, etc..
As to the gambling bills - well, who am I to buck these big shot gamblers with the Legislature of the State of New York? [1945]
Gunna fuck a bitch up tomorrow with . Paige better watch the fuck out!
Thanks. I totally understand you missing it #weallworktoomuch :-)
Can u follow me plzzz
Last performances of #TheVoice You got this girl!
Today's BTU inspiration: "By letting it go it all gets done." ~Lao Tzu
thank you.
Just found my name twin
Looking forward to seeing 's "Stories" next!
My mom hand to throw hands Bt it's cool.
Damn straight. Pretty freakin' bad actually.
GOODNIGHT x
Join the most interesting Panda in the World and Radiolive as we rock the house at Uncle Fatty's and raise money for Children's Memorial.
10 hour day ALMOST OVER
Proud to show managing editor of Forbes.com MKE next week. Will introduce him to some interesting Milwaukeeans and amazing TEMPO women.
ATTN: all unsigned rappers,singers,dancers join our #Team send us an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
Hate it when I try to write and there's just nothing inside of me. At least I gave it an honest effort.
“: u ain't wish me a Irish day”U Ain't Irish!!!!
There's no chance HEAT gonna win NBA TITLE
pretty colors!
Hey Dan! Cool, will try soon :) RT : Tried it this weekend. Love it!
#imagine play fighting with Austin in bed, he randomly stops&looks into your eyes before kissing you passionately♥
The world is full of sycophants.
Pine bark mulch conserves water, and it cuts down on weed growth
oop, maybe i should clean the office, if clients are coming by...
Thanks for the support, David.
give her some of ya perky joints get her outta her lol
I feel like this guy just doesn't know what he's doing. If we're dating we sort of actually have to see each other or even talk -_-
I love the #nnnawards !
Sometimes opposition can be our greatest motivator as it provides endurance and strength to overcome ~
It's more than telling them you have a boyfriend. Don't make it seem like if you weren't with me you'd fuck with him. Say you not interested
I always thought the 12th man thing was a Mike Holmgren thing.
RT ships will be racing into Downtown Miami starting at 1:00p today! Team lead!
Who the hell comes up with all of these stupid national holidays?
RT if you would NEVER leave austin <3
Sports... Pirates at Braves, 7:10PM ... airs on ROOT, of course...
You definitely have a dog. If you jog or run you are officially a Seattleite (?).
It's a No Cover #ClassenCrawl tonight , HiLo, & !
is the future! We'll lead you follow! Send us your records, we'll make you "infamous."
I'm praying for david silverman, head of atheists group-apparently he & his group need prayer, hope they don't sue me 4 my prayers 4 them?!?
The second round of panels will start at 2pm sharp! Don't be late!
Txs 4 having us! RT We can't wait to see uou all! : Looking forward to BHL visit to CDL tomorrow!
can't wait to see pics from the film.... Btw I'm kwame the lead in the film..
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Love it... im so addicted SERIOUSLY" by Isidra
- watch! It's fun! And you can play the "how much is it worth" game at the end!
Visit to read up on the first things #interviewers notice about you, courtesy of Careers Editor
I am working with the sharpest in the world and may have two selections in the #NBA tonight get on the list
Great day at the Blenheim Horse Show in San Juan Capistrano with Ron Kennedy and Ryan Pedigo.
S/O to "The Spot Lounge" for playing some of Shawn's old music on the eve of his bday. Good Stuff! Cc:
como dude i'll put an x after every tweet ! Haha
my most inspiration moment was watching you guys make it to the final two in abdc :) ♥
Red meat is not bad for you. Now blue-green meat, that’s bad for you! ~Tommy Smothers
You probably do love Elemental more than me, but then again you have a thing for persnickety auteurs.
he also happens to be Pike guy and Illini alum.....how could ya not like him. :)
No one give my brother coffee again .___.
good to hear you guys are having fun! so excited for you to be in the US though!!
So great seeing you both!
Ladies act your age , not your TRACK Length
show me!!
Working on a client program. Having some interesting conversations on customer service. How do you define customer service?
headed home! I had an amazing week at Bentley with the LCs and the DEN team! Thank you to everyone for such a great experience!
i feel like i shoulda got confirmation or somethin..guess that's UNO for you
Smuts on my timeline.
Already set up the coffee IV drip. Six hours and 9 pages to go? This one's a real doozy.
Blackpool v Birmingham
Yay Generals! “: Good luck to my alma mater, Rufus King, in the state basketball championship 2nite! Go Generals! ”
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
Damn. I've been hacked lmao twitter got my ass I dot even know how
Shoulda blog-to-booked it.
: I am stuffed! What do order for dinner?
Any Amazon Seller Central Feed optimization experts out there? Need optimization help.
Fuck do I hate the Canucks... Your so fucking useless this time of year. Win some fucking games why don't you!
hope you have a great time in Nashville! Please tell Steve Catlett you love his beard & think he should keep it year round!!
One more day
#ItGetsMeMadWhen I can't be myself or else ill get judged...
your point is?
Truth MT Run to the Bernard Jacobs Theatre and see the amazingly talented cast in the Brilliant !
#What2ChainzWouldSay Got 2 chainz, both are huge. my swags strange, african food. Got yo bitch, on a date, take her home and fuck her late.
Anytime someone starts talking about soccer, I can't help but ask, "You mean real football?"
let me spice yo TL up
#iufb is hanging in there w/ #ohiostate at halftime. That's showing some progress. I'm impressed with Tre Roberson's decision making so far
Tannehill's girl is looking right
everything's good. Lot's of response to the column. Going on Vicki McKenna's show on Monday.
if your jaw has never popped while eating pussy, you dont eat pussy
It's national grilled cheese day. Check out the short rib grilled cheese at in celebration!!!
there's at least one (web) archivist here: (i've seen some other umd ischool folks, as well)
half of what guys pay for #Jordans hahaha
RT: Its November already!!! #FreakingOut Me to! btw- my bbm is dead, berry half dead. iPhone4S on its way! e/txt/tweet me!
thanks, it was a fun weekend! We tried , that's probably why the project did well huh? ;)
Everything in the universe is within you. Ask all from yourself.” ― Rumi
looking for bingo players. Support Habitat and play bingo on Dec. 11th Call for more info 414-562-6100
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe to thrown bread at a person instead of walking over & giving it to the.
sup bud! Predictions for Sox season? Do they get to 90 wins?
yeah wats up?
HA-HA-HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
Im actually liking twitter thanks to my cousins!!!!
And I think most UK fans realize that Jay. Your insight and knowledge is spot on.
sorry not funny
Thank you Robert... for being!!
RT : stop getting these dumb ass managers who know nothing about the game.
Now that is the Best thing I've heard all day son!
you are my go-to place! I tried and it was OK but AJBOMBERS rocks my world.
Raffle ticket proceeds go to sponsor the Iron Eagle 25,000 Miles in 25 Days for the Fraternal Order of Eagles Diabetes Research Center.
Hey Broski, how did you fall from being the US Champ? To be being a Brooklyn Brawler type of Jobber?
follower of the hour... cuz i luv her profile pic .... go follower her people :D♥
I been out here in the streets and i have learned #SexAin'tBetterThanLovee...
mr. urban outfitters ;)
19% left on my phone but still jumping from social network to another
Didn't see any evidence that it hurt. Speculation, but no evidence.
"most of whom are women with children"
Don't you mean Lopes?
Herzog Zwei was sweet. Google chrome? Sold.
at least Gb gets ball to start second half
I had skittles and kool-aid.
Check out the music vids ive been putting out by searching Bob's cover on YouTube lol...Hope the world has enjoyed their Valentine Day!
I am delighted to read of a new release. I was just thinking of buying the 45 of "do you dream in colour" in 1980
Happy Halloween from all of us here at Long Beach Hydrobikes!
goodness gracious you are the sweetest!!!
You notice the announcers get more excited for the laker plays lol
It's crazy to be watching live theater while sitting in my living room!
It should be a beach day
I usually don't watch the all the grammys but I really wanted to see Nicki manaj performance... I'm literally
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad.. 
I'm NO FAKE
Goldie Hawn just refused to take a picture with !
I can't stand my phone!! I'm just getting txt messages.
is an orange juice obsession unhealthy?
yea. Sorry iPod died.
Staring in a movie!!Already met Taylor Faber,Gabriella Montez,Claire Chuchran,and Savannah Jayde.Now Im gonna meet my idol Jennette McCurdy!
": Great stuff Loved the info from Robin Sharma. Human regrets and human victories." Thanks Coach Eighmey!
there probably is an app for that
Climbing the Web of Success With HTML5
Order plane tickets, Cali is the mission. ✈ 😁
because the couch is so damn lumpy...
Future talk show host's parents have to drill into kids heads: a mustache is like a sign: I'm a racist douchebag who needs an ass kicking.
No, it'll make me feel bad about my 4s. asjdklf. ;P
52 days until worlds 2012! this should be intersting.
oh they were
Going to DEF LEPPARD with MY BOYFRIEND on Sept.2 Im so freakin excited...
Do you celebrate your "vegan anniversary"
Picking up the new car today. :)
Just accidentally saw the cover of TIME magazine and now understand why everyone's feathers are so ruffled. WOW.
Before you insult a man, walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when you insult him, you'll be a mile away, and have his shoes.
I love the term "dead tree texts."
Everyone's on twitter.
to much drama it's getting me mad .
fucking nuts. I don't understand why FL's religious right is against Charlie. Charlie is great and I support him. Tell pinhead's crowd
hahahaha I don't know why she's denying it!!!
Need some company?
Why would folks do that ? Why would you pretend to be someones friend when you know you dont like them !
Until then, I ain't even speaking your name. Just keep my name out of your mouth and we can keep it the same
real talk my people been out of town I miss my people! Not getting paid off Twitter yet!!!
hi jaylon, your Uncle Steven and all of us at Cap Hyundai and the entire DGDG team love you and wish you great health!!!
I want Glee to perform Don't Stop Believing one last time before graduation.
different faces that represent my husle ~ RIO SIMS , CASH BRICK , BHP , , all ~ IMEAN NETWORKIN
No problem!
The 1st and last time I ever took exctasy, I felt like I was in a Tootsie-Roll commercial. sing 'The whole world looks kind of Good to me'
Happy Cinco De Mayo to everyone by the way! ps its my favorite holiday!!!
"I mean you'll be 18..." And I just interpreted her and said "I know, now it's legal for harry and I to be together!" :)
I need your number, so I can find you tomorrow morning
Answer from yesterday: Warren Harding What important event in Women’s History occurred on Nov. 2, 1993 in New Jersey?
I got some freestyles from various ppl on my phone . And everybody has their own unique style. u needa hear them #A$AP
hell yes can't wait
Never romance me over Drag Race, and paints!
i live outside Greece in an island near Europe, of course dude i'd love to count you in as a potential fan, you have 2 minutes?
Omg... Adele is just awesome! Nuff said!
": Graduating .... Drunk" So proud of you! I've missed ya.. Good to see you & your brothers last night!
Ask yourself today... What can I give and offer to others?
Just put a mic on any of these board members or politicians. #PreciousKnowledge captures their candid responses.
#LSUUA #LSUBAMA LSU puts Jefferson back in, gets a bad drive. Bad punt by Wing makes it a great opportunity for Bama.
Heading down the freeway about to miles an hour
lmao something like that ^.^
Now that's the greatest praise any of my jokes have ever received.
gl on whatever day you play on!
Just brewed a cappucino at home with some Starbucks beans and a new coffee machine that froths and everything. Now that's M'm M'm Good!
bahahah matt is not Mexican
Will Philly have the lowest turnout in past 20 years of general mayoral elections? Between 4 & 11% as of noon. Lowest before that was 27%.
nah bruda u def moved it up upon entering the car
Alvin you know better than to try me, I'd put you in your place quick pft you don't run nada mami lol
I'd interview Think Tank Live Feb 23 speaker - change marketing channel mix to improve business profit & save Wisconsin jobs!
Base hit for the O's
throw me, , and on that list, yo!
thanks for the link...listening now...very cool stuff...
Haha! It's perfect for a Friday, controversy!
RT ": I wish it was acceptable for 24 yr olds to have lemonade stands. I could make a killing today"
i am fine, thanks
the lakefront trail was a clusterfuck tonight
Thinking about PR internship’s in Nashville, TN next summer. It’d be awesome to intern at Mercury Records, BigMachine or Valory Music Co.
guess I missed it, thought I was just being friendly. And then he refused my proposal to be in a poly relationship with Liara.
Milwaukee Riverside's Phil Nolan played in just six games for the Tigers this year because of issues with grades/transfers.
Thanks for the retweet Nancy! You #rock!
“: Oh hey actually has a show” As opposed to?
Alright route 3 west, May 8th has come. Let's do this.
I just had to google when passover starts...which would be tonight. Talk about a BAD Friday. See what I did there?
fine retard it is
I get most of my stars while I drink
Yep, I caved.
Is that Martha Stewart?
No problem
nothing changes and let me guess thats the first you have heard from him in years????
thank you! I was a ballet dancer growing up. Now I do a lot of yoga, boxing and regular workouts like Barry's Bootcamp.
i can't bretahe Justin please call my doctor I can't breathe!! (yea I watched #BoyfriendVideo are you an alien?)#followme :))
who is coming out tonight?!
DailyHookahTip#152: Check out the new Freeze Hose It has a slot in the handle for a frozen water capsule, cooling the smoke.
LifeWatch Services has agreed to pay the United States $18.5 million to resolve allegations the company submitted false claims.
RT : Another Hidden Bailout: Helping Wall Street Collect Your Rent: Here's yet another form of hidden bailout the fed......
laughing at these mentally weak people
Jury duty 2morrow & I "must report"(grumbling under my breath)& what do u mean"no knittingneedles" Since when r people who knit dangerous?!?
Theres no point being here if I'm just going to fail.
Everything starts and ends with you.
Thank you so much!!
Spinnin Music at CopperTop in about 1 hour! Come get a drink/food and say what up after you Shred!!
if you judge me because of my past, don't be surprised when you become a part of it.
Indiana's Maurice Creek suffers a possible season ending injury for the 3rd year in a row with a torn Achilles. Terrible news.. Thoughts?
Temple Run!!!!! (: it's the best! Especially on an Imac!!
It was a solid event! Next time!
yes why not los kids no tienen la culpable de Nada
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
"Picture lock" and "Compressing Master copy" are the greatest phrases in the English language.
you should be kicked out of the league. You deserve a cage because your a animal with serious mental issues.
Vision 2020: ‘The Right to Sight'. An international movement to reduce blindness worldwide.
Lunch Dessert - CRÈME BRULEE seasonal berries
Just got twitter a week ago and already cant think of anythiing to tweet :(
“ I'll Show You How To Make $200+ Today, Using Twitter" no. I don't get my iPhone out for less than 200 grand.
mario kart 64!
Hoping to; fits between two drives to WAHS.
gurrrrlllaaaaa !!! Take my picture :))
I take it that's not one of those touristy boats. Something tells me this has to do with work. Nice sky colors!
sleep is overrated on game days. At least that's what Rebecca and I have decided.
#Oomf is so twatching me right now. Lol I still love you though ;)
What better way to celebrate reaching our campaign goal then to go to Atlantic City. We're putting $3,565 on black. Wish us luck....
Gr8 meeting w/ & this am. Inspired & intimidated. W/o some restraint Bree will finish another 3 novels by Monday
Ur so sweet~thanks : ) Hope u had a nice day today....
I didn't know. Thought maybe I'd need to get info from cable providers. Cool. I'll find your articles from 2010. Thanks, Dave.
same here!
RT : Meow the 39-pound cat and Falling Bear are photobombing in heaven.
fresh to death im D.O.A
"it's like a war zone out here-- Grenades everywhere" lmaoo
Nothing like spending a Sunday at the oak creek gun club.
running by a dog getting hit by a car is not a good way to start the morning.
it's bigger than Charlotte...and Cleveland! Lol
Thanks, Jesse - and thanks for your webinar.
Read Risk v. Rewards in Guide. Great article. If I traded Rudy Gay for Tyreke Evans, would I be overpaying?
Perhaps the best way to remember Steve Jobs is through his own words - on.wsj.com/n9ou2O
Another theory is Pettites brother from Italy was in the court room before he changed his #Clemens testimony.
I am going to bed been uploading, I am full time student. I miss Twitting, Good night do not let the Twitts bed bugs bite!
thanks geno. Roll up
Jeremy, you rock! Always just swooping in with awesome shit when I least expect it.
funny, I'm doing the same here!
Students own devices... wow that could get costly but makes sense. I have seen schools 'pass' on cost 2 students
yeah man, the swearing gets old, like listening to teenagers ;)
DPW has to shut down that main to fix the leak. Will be done after all the residents are notified. I'll keep you posted
Fuck Banfield!! Took my 8 week old - tea cup chihuahua for her first exam and shots- they said they gave her too many meds.
YES SIR JOHN CARLSON
Two hours left to get out to (SoMa) and demo some delicious Chameleon Cold Brew! Please tweet us some pics!
:( I don't know babes .... Lets talk about where we're both ticklish lol
If irregularities of tooth position, alignment, or contour can be corrected w/in the neutral zone, the prognosis for long-term stability...
if I can burn 400 when I run that shouldn't be an issue for you!
This one is actually from I don't write the Grillaxins anymore. Passing the torch! :)
what!! Where are you! I called you earlier and you didn't answer! Of course :/ smh
It's fantastic to hear from you as well, I miss your passion & energy! And OK, I miss your tasty in-office treats as well! ;-)
Typically, yes.
George Lucas is making a prequel to Star Wars?!?! There is a god!
Aww, wish I had realized that earlier!
good times...I loved Stan!
bahahahahaha!! That shit will embarrass you!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked when you gnna let me hit? Lol um never
what's up folks Raibon Radio...David
the one we got yesterday
I want to believe you, but I think the super short format of a trailer allows for much greater focus on emotional resonance
Welcome new followers. Twitter has turned us all into sheep. At least I don't have Bieber fever.
A no-show for a showing on a Sunday morning = not cool.
I hate it when I overwater the little plant and it pees all over the table.
mo some guy named cotton candy lmfao on America's got talent
I might are you?
someone talk to me except if your ugly
Finally Friday
went on fun 1st date with super nice guy! Out to lunch downton and walk to art gallery! Best first date in forever. woo hoo
DON'T FORGET! NM GUNS WILL BE AT THE GUN SHOW THE 12TH & 13TH AT THE NM STATE FAIRGROUNDS AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING. SEE YOU THERE!
Looking awesome! :)
you're right. But the movie YOU picked lacked what they call in the business "entertainment."
RT : Question about how good a job the library is doing at preservation < They can lead and suggest, but not fund. Help needed.
we are mahomies, and Austin isnt a joke. i'll talk to you when he is tha top shit okay?
Urrrrr outta here Alien head!!!
ten days to xmas and not one present purchased!!!
i really wish i could smoke before i go to school -_-
I got it from you! :-/ RT It is a hoax. I've been hacked. So sorry.
Lee Todds wife is Patricia Brantley Todd
off on more adventures-i love travel but am really ready to be home for awhile
still scheduled and ready for that!
You can say that again! grunt....
just discovered wondering if and how it could be used in the music classroom to help students learn...
RT : So excited to taste American history thru the upcoming America Eats Tavern @ Nat'l Archives!
It bothers me that I knew the answer to Final Jeopardy and none of the contestants did :/
IM CASHIN OUT!!
haha. Took a bad fall rock climbing.
We're big fans of your music! Hope all is well!
"Happiness is Free" ...<3
fine dining. and breathing 😚💨
HA im in the same place right now >.<
I tell everyone that I'm 30, the're like fuck dude I thought you were 12.
I have several low-English ELL students in a mainstreamed class. Have any good suggestions for differentiated notes/worksheets?
And, no matter who comes, some people will still meet the lineup with disdain.
hee! you are a master procrastinator.
Where are you playing in C'ville?
nice work :)
is that burrito wearing a skirt?
I still ike the cookie monster, even if he rides the special bus.
RT : Q1) we also collect easy to track data, like who completed which online training...part of the requirements.
George Strait has at least 1 too. "Amarillo by morning"
yesterday core & balance w/Erin in Florida; will miss her fitness so much!! Tomorrow hard core w whatever I find in Atlanta
We need to stay healthy. We needed Lin and Shumpert in that series but I like what The Pacers are doing there real physical
Merry Christmas!!!
that'd what I was doing already. Thanks! 
Which we will be blasting in the parking lot of Miller Park this summer when we go to games and tailgate all the time!
Look bitch! If u wanna keep staring take a fuckning picture!!
FOLLOW BACK!
i'm at honey badger cafe. phinishin up. #yastuvo #dissertating #galore to earl bullhead resounding from my skin :||:
I'm good. How are you, miss aby?
goodnight up around the bend another day waits to be majestic and new:)))))
K I want to see it..
Thanks to for hosting our board meeting today. Great opportunity to meet students and faculty.
OMFG XAHZHHAJZJJA I HATE COMMERCIALS. brb dying from not seeing my boyfriend
Water for Elephants is such a great movie. Doesn't hurt that Rob Pattinson is so cute.
Getting ready to present everything Linkedin at
you're like my ; just not blonde, or Australian.. but the gentleman and cuteness, totally <3
were you able to switch back to the old twitter yet?
Why did i have to go for the biggest hoe in GA? -_-
New iPad coming next week - are you going to be waiting in line?
What's old is new again? >> RT : Don't they ever learn?// RT : All social networks evolve until they imitate myspace.
Happy Mother's Day! Have a blessed day!
: hey just got my cast off, so im pretty ICONic today. How are you? (: 2
I'm not contagious, but I got that kind of love that knocks you down.
awww, I'm sorry hun. I miss your face!
Former attorney...Just finished Overseas by Williams. It's FABULOUS! 4 good books a week -- the ones I don't love take longer
What's up with your best friend?? We could all have some fun believe me.
yes hi
RT if you would watch if I did a twit cam!
I Missed You More.!
Im too tired to leave my bec
Living Buildings, Living Economies, and a Living Future
It's not really saggin, I jus like showing off my boxers lol
We had a Blast in MKE's Fifth Ward :+D
You inspire me for all your compassion and love you spread!
I love the Red Sox , but it's a sad day in BB for all fans. Mariano Rivera is a great closer , the best ever ,and a class act.
When Pink Floyd is playing, You shut the fuck up!
Knee & ankle hurt like a bitch.
:o chelsea is quoting camp rock?! hahah <3 lmfao
Seriously, it doesn't rain in Texas for six months, but it rains four times in three weeks during the postseason. Wtf?
LIFE ISA TRICK
haha they are good friends of mine, wanna check out some other good music? :)
Mission US is terrific-My 8th graders love it! Resources posted with it are terrific too especially the primary sources.
we cant wait for the next cannabis cup in Denver!
Lying here like a bum.
man Process really was everywhere in the 70s, wasn't it?
The #Knicks are riding one hell of a roller coaster this season
Spent over 14 hours in bed, I think it is time to get up.
cool glad someone does lolz
LOL. My sisters are going crazy watching this game.
Sure hoping my annoying tweets will drive away the daggone followers i don't even know! Yep, that's it! Lol!
what do you mean
Fabulous Chicago weekend with hosting "Fashion for Reform" for and now back to my little island (Manhattan).
hey! Tweeting a bit less, life/work have been busy. Looking forward to Spring, altho winter hasn't been too bad here.
It's so sparkly in here.
Extraordinary situations create extraordinary people more often than extraordinary people create extraordinary situations.
I still have faith
19th street and Santa Monica Blvd. party starts at 2pm on the 26th! U coming?!
. You are so right. Looking at the photos, forgot completely that theme was supposed to be Schiaparelli/Prada. Missed opportunity.
Ive got some weight on my shoulders, feels like feathers.
Canada and South Africa.
i love s2
Having NOT bought a ticket, I have the same odds of winning the lottery as those who did, statistically speaking.
Thanks for hosting Classics today. Had a great time on the elevator w/
Bro, you really need to learn how to spell/type. Thanks
#GoingRed with cayenne baked chicken breast, zucchini and squash!
haha i still hate it too ):
even laying out in a bathing suit
you should see the hit on Hossa tonight. No penalty. The NHL is messed up right now
lol i do
Who knew??
where's mom
played that biz at some baller hotel tonight in miami & had 2 people ask me bout it at sxsw
You were spot on my friend.. That is a shone indeed
Who's drinking milk, eating cookies, and reading #AGameOfThrones before bed? That's right...THIS GUY!
Just knocked off that Canon 7D. Video/Photo promos coming soon.
Our new Hospitality Trend Analysis for Kids is amazing! Great global info - ask me about it!
thinks she just became a Star Trek fan...I LOVED the movie last night!
RT And get your first class free when you sign up for Out Of Your Head Improv classes
Check out our write up in the Midpoint Music Festival Guide!!!
Many miles away, there shadow on the door, of cottage on the shore, of a dark, Scottish lake. Many miles away.
"Is AOL going to brand everything AOL? No. AOL is going to be like Disney." Don't think Tim Armstrong is comforting Patch's doubters
The year of the 'in-between screen' alors?
I love that cat, even though we had our own problems <3
Pray I make it through chapter 7 and don't have to execute my husband. Just because.
NFL players, degree completion is one of the first and most important steps in your preparation for transition into life after.
Fiat has some ugly cars
wow..rethinking pathways is a start, but rethinking the delivery of contents to students is as significant www.delphonics.com
Jpegs in your gmail now.
had a great day at work. up and coming artist gave us a super performance. extremely talented! heading off to bed in a bit
We have booked a very exciting interview for this weekend! Stay tuned for more details!
BIG news everyone! We're very excited to tell you we're going to be distributing in Chicago beginning April 1st.
Here's a hint, if you are not invited to something...don't show up and take over. Actually, don't even show up!
Get out tonight and take advantage of this amazing weather! We've got live music at 7 Come see us!!
Women's History Month. Anti-Domestic Violence & Voter Registration Event. Today. Queens College. 12:15-1:30. Student Union
Me too! RT Looking forward to seeing everyone tonight! REALLY looking forward to pizza :)
I love how quiet it is here at night.
Ah!!! It's so fudging hot!! 90 freakin' degrees!! Bleh!! I am so NOT liking Washington right now!
I have favorite novels, but not authors. The Warmest December by Bernice McFadden is one of my favs.
Thanks a million. Thanks for the response, you're way awesome too!
Some of those are probably mine
She is the grandmother of Britney & Gaga. Kind of like Neil Young being grandfather of grunge. You probably don't get that ref.
Dave. I ll take them if u still have th
Obama is good at politicking even if he's not so good at governing. The Pres. knows how to run a campaign
No - never heard of this before - seems kind of bizarre. I will, though.
I clicked the logo and suddenly everyone around me was talking about Creed and drinking Surge.
Yeah - but it looks like they detained it pretty quick thankfully!
Wow!! Ty for your testimony and for caring enough about others to share your story! GBY!!! I had NO idea.
ok ok lol
if fighting, crying, and trying doesn't change anything, then you're doing it for the wrong person.
From time to time I get to shoot a story where I not only learn something but learn something about myself. Today, I got one like that.
we are so proud of you and truly inspired by your heart.
Walk off HR Chipper Jones!!!
tried to open it but it wouldn't work
hey bro can y'all check out my video its going on 106 an park soon
Indeed. I bet you're excited about the floor!
Only because its so obvoius...duhh ;p and you know that girl ;) looks like the Gods crafted your face perfectly ;)
Finishing up a project for MiH Marketing then working on my advertisement for Computer Arts Magazine!
Notre dame looks too much like saint Charles.
nice band hey chris may you please follow me buddy please
Solid talk with my mom tonight
yes, I think grammar is very important for effective writing, but maybe not the intricate terms such as objective and demonstrative
toothbrush and passport is all I need.
i would get all my anger out !
Your quote is in the next part! This one took so long to post because of computer problems!
She's the black sheep of the fam. We're all creatives, she's the one w/ a business degree. Gonna kick ass for Target Corp.
$25 off computer repair to all Eagles fans who smashed their laptop screens after reading about the NY Giants all day today...
Just got water, bus tix, and a shelter voucher to a client near
Another 3 mile run this morning. Could it become a habit?
Email us pictures of yourself with I heart Beto shirts or yard sign. Details to come.
I hope I can meet him at Teen Hoot.. <21
It may say lots about me that I never read Where The Wild Things Are as a kid, but i did go to the themed rave in LA in the mid 90s.
Then I shall check it out sometime! Tell everyone Hi from Colorado (:
Fuck, now I have to plug it in.
Im Hungry then a Motherfeenutker 2
Why so quiet today, Facebook? Where you at, babes?
nuh uh!! I would much rather see BOK, but I'm watching TATE openers at the Vogue. :(
Claire Boucher is the Rajon Rondo of indie music: an otherworldly and entirely unaparalled talent. Both are also quite dreamy.
Mobile is all about doing more, all of the time
Just saw "Look Back In Anger" and man there was ALOT of anger on that narrow, messy, cluttered set. Get over your angry self!
Thanks! I shall give it a try.
Isn't pretty enough to have black, brown or pink hair either RT : Nicki minaj's face isn't pretty enough to have blonde hair
We wish you were here, too.
well i will not be watching the national title game.
i know.... I lost a lot of pics moving so much
haha i hate that cause i always follow back right away! those bastards trick me! then im like who the eff are these ppl?!?lol
I have nothing to say. However I hope you all had a fantastic day :)
#iranelection # Iran repugnant forced confessions are rolling. people say" No way to take our Freedom away from Us. NO WAY"
I'm waiting for someone to get pissed off because you didn't mention any by name.
Rookie question: when RSVPing to #SXSW events, what do the mean by affiliation?
cool. Tx
Watching America's got Talent it's histerical. , funny as hell and Sharon is beautiful
oh you guys are craking on me? ohh i thought it was on each other
miss touring with you man. Much much more to be toked in the future. Got a solo project I'm coming out with soon! #cali love
Follow bACK
lol I got you ma
no, but i have an instagram, tumblr, and facebook (:
no no one notice just de Leon asked :)
Gas: 4 dollars a gallon. Cigerettes: 6 bucks a pack. Bein homeless priceless.
ya you never give up anything can happen .. It's #Survivior .. For 1M$
AUSTINS FINALLY ON!
It's been sliding down for a while. Sad to see.
Happy Father's Day to all you Fathers out there!!!
Bookcart drill teams are the social equivalent of Swiss peasants making a sport out of rolling wheels of cheese downhill.
grounded in va!
robert downey jr. <3
amazing photographs!
Thank you! :-). I'm currently in DC, so not too far! Will check your site too, happy to connect!
How Interesting!
Making a video
Scientists aren't sure what color dinosaurs were. Good to know :)
go ben!
alrighty well what do you want to do?
no doubt
Amen brother...preach to the choir. downtown roll with jalapenos, yellowtail and cream cheese? Hallelujah!
Naked, with a smile. His go-to outfit.
think I can do that
Love having students, helping them learn, being in a classroom. But oh lord do I hate grading.
Alter your attitude and you can alter your life.
RT Writer's block? Do something else. Pushing against the problem only magnifies it. Give yrself permission NOT to write. <- Tru!
Nope. Didn't even follow through with that. I'm the WORST!! =)
That was fucking horrible
March 21, 2012 District of Columbia Data Center Discussion Panel Pre-Event Happy Hour at The Capital Grille - Tysons Corner
this game turned so ugly so quickly 😔
I don't make sense. Another shot because I know I don't :)
actually enjoyed being in New Jersey this time
If you want to sound like you know what you're talking about, tweet about a striker's prime being at 29. CC
Was a wonderful day with friends and fun !!wild
I saw u this week!
Please join us in welcoming our 5/18 #smbmad presenters , , & representing International.
I hate when organizations lie to actors to get free work and call themselves the #99% of america such lies one mic one voice my asd
Last baby was born nearly 4 years ago - time for some postpartum exercise I guess!
Loving Tuesdays at the Castle. Super fun fantasy for kids!
“Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be." ~Marsha Petrie Sue
Good shit right there fam... keep it up!!!!!
Imma have to sleep on dat one
Let's go have that wreckless love, that crazy love, that off the wall won't stop till I get enough kinda love.
Join the club. Lol Kidding
Why do dudes get so pumped about 'shutting you down' when they already hit puberty 3 yrs ago? lol Not even fair
lol I'm good now!
Nob Hill Nights in full swing. Come on down for the fun till 10:00 PM Thursday night
Geek meeting tonight: GnuPG, IP6, and more!
They are so cute. :) Haha
troy.is.on.
phew P.S. i love you P.S.S. its going to be a brandon weekend
I would hope you wouldt touch that.
And Helen, she's got some stellar Activities and Interests. lol.
dont they know people only use those to piss in, thats fuckin rude
Apparently people with light-colored eyes have a higher tolerance for alcohol than us brown-eyed folks. Interesting.
WHY DO I HAVE THE BLADDER OF A FUCKING SQUIRREL UGH MY LIFE.
Ongoing study of the problems of the #incarnation and the #exegesis of #prophecy and #eschatology with a
Thinking about what we could've been..
Wen u involved people b all about u ...but wen u available all that shyt change
Name for our tour this summer. Ideas?
It's beginning to not feel very much like Christmas...
Tha hell do you think you are?
already liked it ;)
lol, nah. Im coming . I think
Happy New Year fron Oregon! We'll be watching tonight :)
im fin 2 swag out rite quick mention me n shout me out
That's one of my favorite places to go when I visit New York.
finding the perfect source #priceless (and yes, it's in French)
thanks mamma;) But u the one super star:-)
Aw wait.. The son died nevermind ;-;
it reminded me why i hate those kinds of movies. epic bullshit.
Auto-erotic asphyxiation.
Anyone getting the word out about the election over Nextdoor?
Must be fate! But if the 'rents aren't down would someone have a place I could stay? Floor is always cool :)
Basketball 101: You're never going to please everybody...so you've just got to do what you know is right.
that's a bet g
I plan to play The Sims 3 for the rest of the night. My voice is gone but great concert! <3 I love LHS music Program!!!!!!
Red Bull and ??? What is your mix?
and are there #android phones w/ front cameras?
Google, you are starting to lose my respect. Gmail app SUCKS, Google+ is pointless, & Google Docs keeps crashing in Chrome but NOT Firefox.
good meeting you at the Sportswomen banquet last week. Great job as the keynote!
Friends: Have a dog? Interested in joining me for Pups at the Park at Pk Sat? I have 2 tix (1 human & 1 dog) -- message me pls!
Lick my cockiness & suck my persuasion
I just paid $5 to get an additional 20 gigs on my Gmail account. No more warning messages about going over quota!
1 stolen Base in 3 years. He either got the sign or was feeling it
Thanks! and you never know ;)
probably 02 cause we played our first show Halloween 01
3 methods we may learn wisdom: 1st, by reflection - the noblest; 2nd, by imitation - the easiest; and 3rd by experience - the bitterest.
#Idothistoo Try to get stuff done before the microwave hits 0:00.
If one is not learning something positive ftom friends and associates, it is a waste of time hanging out with them. I can't be dumb down.
Wish I had a job with an airline company that would allow me to fly for free. I'd head out to Miami right now. ((sigh))
I think you are so classy!! Your my favorite!
*Book the BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 cast! And check out So New BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 - LAS VEGAS tonight at 10/9c*
Going home to check on my first batch of homemade chocolate maple porter thanks to
Everything that look good,Aint good for ya!!!
Send me your facebook link.
If I needed a place to go tonight, I'd pick Wet Stone. Happy Hour at 4p til close... $5 Select Big Glasses & $3 craft-style beers. I'm in!
I'm so stocked to go HOME!
Just put on a big pot of pumpkin chili.
": It takes a strong person to say sorry, but an even stronger person to forgive."
we were useless in the final third. Didn't trouble gomez at all, and apparently only had 40% possession. Not good enough.
sorry it's late, but #happybirthdaygiorgia! <3
I'll be there watching tomorrow
latifa? or like del trice or something. i miss you :(
every body want to see if you somebody first..lol funny but also stupid
#SuperBowl Did Cris Collingsworth just say to fall down on the 1 yard line??
Will be in Chicago on Friday -- you folks up for lunch? (or maybe even have a spare desk downtown?)
that's what I'm talking 'bout, left the keyboard cause couldn't take my eyes off the TV, different HR hitters now...see more?, c'mon Pedey!
money, clothes, & hoes
You're kidding me, right?? We love student members just as much!! Whether , , , , , etc
jermey lin got hurt again I heard ,
: Hey could you make me one? I cant PM you.... It wont let me
Taholah at Naselle softball and baseball has been postponed. A make-up date is to be determined.
ahahah true, true :)
This minute clinic is full of shit. Patiently yours, wad.
Gorgeous Day in SA! Get out a vote for the Bond and then have some fun!!!
hit me wit it
From the Department of Redundancy Department at the Jeff Mangum show: "This is like hipster central."
My kind of woman! :) RT : I'm all about my sports. Going to the game tonite!
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Live tournaments often have a % taken away for dealers/staff. Look at this before you tip too much after your win.
Cme on Knicks! Y must u do this 2 me? Some of u are more concerned with chatting then playing the best u can! Dnt wanna play shit the bench
love seeing in the new
Thanks, Joe! Tweet away!
bouta call my babymama & she better answer the dang phone.
Two caffeine goos and a red bull, I am ready to engage
Tyson Chandler just hit the backboard with his face blocking a shot
Found my Partner In Crime.. - a seasoned veteran when it comes to Jose Cuervo #TropinaWasted, oh boy #SHITSHOW here we come
Have you thought of putting your book on GMA?
When i grow up i want to live in a hotel only for the fact that maids clean my room.
To any Marvel Comics fan the #Avengers was a religious experience. Yes, it was that good.
Tweets and Tacos spelled backwards is Socrates Teets.
Its spring time. All the creeps are out!
oh cool - which one?
that is so rad too! to be your cute kids and your adorable pup!
Okay so there is almost 2000+ who follow cityglamevent but twitter only shows 592 what's that about....Some one please tell me...
what are we talkin? Lol. Its only 90 pieces of paper!
Extra sharp? White? Orange? RT : EVERYONE IS WRONG IT'S CHEDDAR.
Word of the Day - Kratchup: Blending saltine crackers with ketchup at your local diner...
A bunch of tight ass pimps rolling deep in here! Come in for a jalapeno marg, stay for the hot babes! P.s. Happy hour!!!
Dear UX: Make interface changes _instantaneously_ on the event trigger. If fade you must, fade out, not in.
looking at old pictures i posted on twitter. i miss the immaturity.
Um. Hello! I'm Angelina!!
yes, but I didn't know the difference then! I've adjusted.“: Traffic in SD, didn't you use to live up here in LA?”
Earlier today, I overheard 2 people talking about the Tupac hologram. The 2nd person asked "Who's Tupac?"
On a lighter note, I can now keep my hula hoop aloft for about a minute at a time. My hoop theme song is "All You Need is Now." No hatin'.
Just sent dm. :)
Can everyone go like on Facebook!?
😒😒😒 omg I told you he's just my friend and dont forget we're cousins
advises j-educators to focus less on specific skills and more on approach, attitude, ethic, ability to learn
“: I'm looking for a short fitted all white (not cream) leather dress strapless or a spaghetti strap” freak but me 2 lol
Everybody tune in to the new kids on the block 88.1fm tonight at 7:30..Its Going DOWN!!!
I never want to be who I'm not. Only who I am!
Thanks! We are looking forward to our new space. And after 6/13 should be perfect.
Love is a precious gift from God, If there was no love there was no life.
' you're a God fearing gentleman who we feel privileged 2 get 2 make music with & u rock a strong red beard
we do too. What's holding you back?!
just needs to go ahead and adopt me. ☺😁
I love you guys.
That was a lie, I believe. Everyone is so confusing, i just want to see the damn video already aha.
@ thanks so much for the support. Cheers!
I got my SAG card & lost my 'V' card on the same day.
I'd hoped for another great sunny weekend of softball. Wheres the sun? Hope the clouds burn off. The sun seems to make me hit hit hit!
SD WWII vets heading to airport after weekend at DC memorials. "Most moving experience of my life," one says. He's 87.
I don't like being sick :( i want this cold to go away :/
I need to get offline..we are recording it and a few of us are watching Sunday.
i'm hoping they give me awesome abs.
"Be proud to be watching 'Shame' and be ashamed to be watching 'Twilight'" -- ticketchecker @ kabuki theater in SF
you need that job, i need the discounts
Starting a new company? You will need a professional logo to represent what your company does and stand for. Only @ $150
I should be in bed, but instead planning community gardening projects and drinking homebrew.
The End of The World is Saturday??? Did someone forget to tell this Psychic?
Hello everyone
An effective Employee Performance Management System supports and maps to the overall goals of the organization.
Great. We'll see you there!
dat nigga dumber dan a sack of potatoes
Have A Wonderful Night :)
Congratulations man!
ok cool:) what should we do?
better not be my mom! Lol
Don't talk unless you can show me something. Until then, spectate from a distance without interfering with my business.
Last chance to vote for us in the for Best Folk/Americana/Roots AND Best Maine Act. Finger's crossed!
Sounds cozy!
Only in New York do they start a "Holtby Sucks" chant when the #Caps are still in the locker room
Tweets right now >>> make me wanna take a Philly trip lol
I've read all the "good" kindle e-books my public library offers. Now it's almost worse to have many bad options than none.
$19 for 1 Month of Calorie Burning, Energy Boosting Motivational Boot Camp at Greg's Fitness ($110 Value)
one of the best RTs ever
Keep following me... Want 2 tix to an event on Sat? If you don't get to go, you can still join me at Sante Fe Casino @ 7 for UFC 113!!!
you like resumes? Check out my online resume: FacebookHIre.me
Leave Patrick Kane alone!!! Geez he went and had a few drinks and had some fun! now he's a bad person? I don't think so!
ha agreed- miller has been making a run though for ice
Trash talked by many. Hated by some. Guess how many fucks I give? It's less than one.
caraschatz: heard that you signed on to be AA for transportation! YAY!
"Happy Birthday Lady Gaga"
two dickheads in the pic. what's up with that?
my vote would go to Ed Gonzalez. Is this limited to online publications?
Mac Planet: Go the kicker for all new FileMaker - New Zealand Herald
Whaz up man??
How is there not yet a Nuclear Duck twitter account? I'm disappointed in all of you, Twitter.
lmao i know!!
Dang my moms strict I want to do flips on the trampoline and she's like oh practice your jumps and leaps
Seeking gorgeous men in their 40's, that can act! Send me a headshot pls to .
Kanye and Jay-Z's "Watch the Game of Thrones" has far less wizardry than I expected.
Increasingly concerned about the disparaging terms we use as a field to talk about teens and texting in museums...
Lonesome Dove is on AMC right now. It's about living.....
Watching singing along to a Drake song I've never heard both warmed my heart & made me feel very old.
Gwynn Jr. was solid pinch-hitter, at least. Agree, not much power. Hype was byproduct of team desperately needing good news.
oh, I was imagining the dark chocolate :( That would have been delicious. If you had made it, would have been perfect!
giving me chills! such talent!
Hi IT Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
That's probably for the best anyways.
Happy Birthday
'Major burglary' reported at #BestBuy in Daytona .Cops are investigating but haven't released details
Waking up coughing. Not cool!
A bit late, but I hope you everyone had a great New Years! Who the today off?
So excited to see #TheAvengers this weekend...
Tonight's farewell to the Ukrainian delegation was fun and sad. We are looking forward to visiting them next year!
in newyork love it with my family
taylor swift looks like she's performing on the rebel barricade from Les Mis. easily the best performance i've seen from her!
Wow, I should stop being an asshole sometime soon.
Is anybody bored?
You will always be a part of my life :)
Such is my life: highlight of my week is my junior cat pooing for vet.
“: scott hartnell has one of those faces that just begs you to punch it”
thanks! My late father taught me to fly fish on the Big Blackfoot when I was about 6 so that book has a deep meaning for me
Are we going to try and hangout over Summer break in Joilet?
Pedicures: Paying forty bucks to get made fun of in a different language.
Great verse! one of my favorites.
Publix Sushi Is Better Than Sex....And The Stroke Is No Joke My Friends....
YEAH RABURN!!! GETS THE JOB DONE JUST LIKE ALWAYS!! LEYLAND IS A GREAT MANAGER FOR PLAYING HIM EVERYDAY!
{ If you pursue excellence for tomorrow, failures today helps. If you pursue perfection for tomorrow, failures today helps.}
More on this later ;-) RT Sherburne Laughlin announcing new Certificate in Tech in Arts Mgmt at AU. First of its kind!
One free seedling for anyone who comes into the store before 7pm today! Just mention this tweet!
Thanks for having us on!
One of my biggest pet peeves are stupid people in airports
didn't u take it in high school
Please mention you found us on Twitter for a discount on services!
I hate people who talk fast. But even moreso if they speak fast with lots of. Random breaks.
I wanna go back to Las Vegas !
No, there's no galley for #IncorrigibleChildren book 3. March 27 brings it to you in hardcover, though!
We love the band godPawn, you should google them!
fell asleep last night....so trying to finish my rough draft for a research paper before I go in after 1st period
Hey Chica!! where u been!??! How u been?? LOL
Very nice. Such a dapper dresser. I like their shirts as well but most of mine are Thomas Pink, Gucci or Charles Tywritt.
My dustbunnies? Are dustponies. Dustelephants, even. My kids have no idea you're supposed to be able to SEE out windows.
that way blows!! Hi Everyone!!
How many people actually believe that because you said it? Do they know the word gullible isn't in the dictionary?
South St. Paul last won the Class 1A title in 2006.
thats wasup. had fun when u was in columbia
Lol! Tell her hi from us next time you text!
Graphic Designers who are great at turning out production-ready files. Attention to detail. Work well under pressure. DM me now.
Thanks for coming out to the event! Glad you had a good time.
Let me slip into something more comfortable.
I don't think I will ever catch up on sleep. Ever.
No school wednesday or thursday! 3 day week! Score :D
I see people who think these TTs are stupid... Yet they post them and then say they're dumb, therefore keeping them trending. IDIOTS.
Wore my boots day for
I just want to sleep forever and ever.
These bitches who ain't have Facebook want twitter oh no y'all need to practice don't come on here talking dumb smh
I saw them at Lolla last year but like yeah I dunno what's good in da hood
I down! I'm off today anyway
ik ur mom will probs say no but do u wanna go to OKC with us for the cupcake fight on March 12
Big thanks to of ! Have a good show tonight at
your to lucky! & okay, ill tweet you as soon as i leave here.
I liked it. Very informative. Thank you!
you're lucky that walk-off walks are pretty awesome
Ink my whole body I don't give a mothafuck :)
meow that's hillirious. Mew?
At Birds next to UCB. Where r u?
Just finished watching Meet Joe Black. Meh.. too long.
How can you be 'overspending' i an 'uncapped year'? Your title sounds dumb as hell...smh
RT Females can't appreciate another woman body without being attention whores or lesbians? Shut the whole fuck up.
nothing just ate eggs and salami
Baking scones! Store smells like blueberries. Yum.
sup bitch:)
Lions and Tigers and Bears... Oh My!
haha. i know, like i said, it actually made me laugh out loud. hey, you gonna be in the store tomorrow? brian and i might stop in
I really don't think ESPN could be any less interested in this NCAA Championship.
The only thing that mattered was my best friend shelby :(
Especially with a comedy, you've got the clear cut goal of trying to make a scene funny
BITCHES ARE CRAZY. GET 'EM SPAYED
Is it just me or is Sugar Shane throwing low punches the whole fight?
"If barbie is so nice, why do you had to buy all her friends?" -
MESSAGE ME OR RT IF YOUR GOING THRU SOME HEART BREAK
#top5songsofalltimeforme big girls don't cry- fergie
great session; never realized primary keys could make such big difference
Attention All R&B Soul Artists: Now Booking For The Next R&B City Concerts!!!!! EMP Music Promo-
Pretty pumped for tomorrow
yes, i like the button... neat pic
Happy Valentines Day! Place your order early as slots are filling up fast!!
Steve Jobs has been good for Apple in making share holders happy. Gates Foundation does similar things but for the community. Good 4 both.
“There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.”~Christopher Morley
Missing out on Members Night at The Field Museum this year. Unfortunate as I spent considerable time mapping out my whole evening :(
don't judge me!
Can Harvard join whatever conference we join? Nothing would warm this Yale Man's heart more than annual 200-point thrashings.
is a sponsor of the Copa Cabana Soccer Tournament this weekend in Hermosa Beach. Stop by the Hermosa Pier & check it out!
What's the difference between brio and other Italian restaurants in NYC? Answer. Italians actually eat here. Have a good day!
Wonderfully cute comments from a 6 year old arts supporter!
. Looking real good, my friend! Have a great show! Miss y'all! Tell the guys I said hello! :)
": Let's go Mountaineers!" Ya right #cuse all the way
i aint never had a crush nor butterflies in my gut but with us i cant help but to like everything about you baby this is no lust
Absolutely disagree. Uribe hit 24HRs this year. Not that bizarre. Now if Renteria had hit that...
Hair up and a t shirt. 👍☺
Oh gosh Austin got his braces off, fangirling all over the world is about to be taken to a whole new level
It is! It's the parking structure across from the building, actually.
Haha summer break hopefully!
Thanks Hun! I don't have a clue what SMF stands for though, LOL. Sure hope you and H have had a terrific day! :-)
No one gives a fuck what you are doing right now so stop tweeting about it!
She Get A Lot Of Money ,
I started blocking people from school on here. I hope no one gets offended. Dun cur~~~
the bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn.
Mountain camp this week in Jasper ARK. Can't wait
bro you forgot the US..
4 cartons of lemonade in the fridge. Summers almost here.
I heard someone is gonna give away a gift to a random person if they retweet and use #forTony in their tweets today. I heard gift card!
Stopped to touch the Kirkland brand jeans at Costco. I didn't buy them, but still.
they are optional...if you are brave lol:-)
Christie krispy crusty
Comment from David Eng (University of Pennsylvania, English)
hahaha I know but I love the wisdom.
Lots of prep work for #AFM2011. Building our schedule now!
'll follow you no matter what:) and also you in whatever apollare and I'm not against your relationship just want to be happy
Uh yeah, no bloat stroking allowed... EVER. Thanks
Doing a little late night data analysis for my friends
Fire needs fuel, oxygen and heat in order to burn.
Congrats, #Menforothers RT : Congrats to all the UHigh Juniors on today their ring day -- The torch has been passed
thanks for the reply. Kind regards.
I'll pitch in...I wonder if would bet a $100 Fellows Fundraiser donation on the Super Bowl?
yea I did... N how u been fool
Grown women arguing and fussing across a strip of grass in front of little kids yet we wonder y they go out & act like animals w/out manners
Education advocate Anna Jo Haynes argues that HB 1238 will help fight school-to-prison pipeline.
where u from
The red cards were atrocious, as if they ran out of yellows and just thought, "hand out whatever you like."
Thank you and likewise will see you at 5:30
Wait.. Justin Timberlake and Jessica Beil are engaged?!?
love him
Hey, new health & fitness twitter personality...the other me is :)
. that last tweet was for you
Man I look so busted when I wake up in the morning
New York is wonderful. Love the energy of the place. Let me know if you manage to make it over to the Atlantic.
I had ah bad day but ah goodnight and managed to get this essay done
While Dallas was cowering against the tornado sirens my wife and I were obliviously enjoying "21 Jump Street".
Somedays taste like lemonade
Racino Bill goes before Senate Committee. Senator Senjem says it will save the horse industry in the state and help pay back schools
YES! fhkjdhslfkjh. I was going to send you a message about you watching it too! we're too similar, this is getting scary. haha
Thanks! We adopted her nearly 16 years ago, and she's been a grand friend.
My wife went to her doctor appointment at the museum district, Parked her car over and got #rippedoff with $20 parking fee!
still?! Fuck. I'm getting off work and I have nothing to do tonight.
NoT to mention..its supposed to rain on my wedding day.. -___-
great to meet you in person !
Thanks, U2! RT Happy Travel Tuesday!
SCORE! Friends of Houston Public Library just dropped off passes to the member's preview sale of their 31st Annusl Bargain Book Sale!
I do indeed! I'm teaching it as a seminar on the late 20th-century British novel. There are ten novels. Want me to send the list?
"There never was a time when, in my opinion, some way could not be found to prevent the drawing of the sword." Ulysses S. Grant, 4/27/1822.
has to stop taking 3's! No more and I beat all these boys in fantasy and take the pot
hey hey. Shakes dreads
J's Taxi Dispatch is Offering Airport Transportation- Downtown to airport $30.00 916-501-8171
Gift exchange amongst us all....love is among us all
Agree!! RT Football has the best season. Hockey has the best playoffs. Baseball has the best opening day
thought we were already friends D?
Gotta do some scouting to find a Cream City brick building or inside a building that'll make it for this Starbucks project.
Scored a direct (early) flight into Newark, circumventing me going from Dallas to Houston to home.
Great to be at #IIPC12 :) First with #LANL as official member, rather than invited guest!
"Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant." ~ Anthony D'Angelo
Re Fruit flies Also ,clean sink drain w/ bleach. Keep lid on drain at nite-can be a major breeding ground via
just want it to be lunch
I'm bout to do Molly off a clit . Or iThink so #wessup lol
Friday sprints are finished! www.tinyurl.com/interval2day
thought you would like to know that there is a :)
So tired.
“ You must be able to separate majors from minors....”
Ha! I actually did that the other day 2 illustrate V-I. "Do you like pie?" "I love pie." "Really?" "Yes!"
Yay, Christian Bale!!
R u guys the real Madison and Mikey?
@ the anchor w/my lover enjoying the right to smoke indoors & some tasty food.
You following the Lottery w/jackpot OVER 500M? No tickts in AL but if you have an Illinois addy u can use u can buy a ticket ONLINE now!WOW!
Seriously though, if we found life on another planet? We wouldn't do anything. We don't even have NASA anymore..
: Thanks for the shout! If you find it in your heart, please give a shout out to my favorite charity, too: Mwa!
All four should've committed -- definitely would've gotten interviewed, then!
I do agree with you about the facts. But how does leaking his disciplinary problems, which show no violence, relate?
Dude, I know you're in the mood to celebrate, but don't lose your head. Call me if you need a ride home.
I'm so blessed that I meet some one that's a nice and sweet.. I'm missing him.. Right know!!
good night
Make sure everyone shows love to his bday today
Lot's of new updates coming to the FailFL! Stay tuned!
THAT IS FREAKING ADORABLE! That looks like a little baby post card! SO cuute!! (:
sorry to hear about your relative! yep we'll get dinner or something going one of these days!
A watching as always B wardrobe must have its reasons
Looks like you're having a great time!
80's band tonight! The Crunch Monkeys rock 9pm. Come let loose and have some fun
good luck and congrats!
10 months and counting 'til I dump Billed for a phone I don't have.
I can't decide which team to follow for #Star I am Thinking I like team
Grrrrr the guy that just got on the bus has a Capitals hat on.
Stick Just Called -.-
Spent the day in the burbs, don't plan on going back anytime soon!
I was so drunk last night
I LIKE THAT OPTION
Would love to see the Palmieri set, plus the Press Conference today
Motion on magnet policy fails 4-4 after long discussion.
There will be numerous Super Bowl commercials featuring monkeys.
I only asked, because I thought that number was a bit low for the average American born citizen.
The biggest childhood lie ever told: Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me. Words do and always will have power!
thanks Aditya! how's the new gig?
Call for entries for #WOMEN #FILMMAKERS and #STUDENTS. You can enter #films, #shorts, #documentaries, etc. at www.pbwiff.com
Don’t speak to fools, they scorn the wisdom of your words
On the River Road...heading to Lafayette!
since today!
saw Clay on the TV and jumped as if they had won the SB
I'm a tad bit concerned that I won't be able to control myself now that we have classic in the office.
Vegas. Yet again just a fly through.
Aw. Can you post pic on twitter?
Doesn't St. Ed's have a campus there?
You are welcome RT : Thank you for Shout out !!!!
definitely the site of most scifi movies I like. Are you in the Matrix?
RT : 2 hats were hanging on a hat rack in the hall. One hat says to the other, 'You stay here, I'll go on a head'
Happy Easter everyone! Hope it was as blessed as mine! #Family :)
Do you have a favorite photography store you'd love to see in? Tweet us the names!
soo what about that fight doe lmafooo
Geek **** told my Client to repair there Compaq Desktop it would be over $300 plus labor..I cleared the CMOS, tested the hardware..ITS FINE
I hear the closeness can't be duplicated. also prolly nostalgic. Always wanted to try but I have the beard thing going.
RT : Cleveland Park Library is having a 'Pajama Story Time' on Tuesday, Feb. 7 at 6 p.m. for all ages. Sounds awesome.
I can't get the $100,000 Pyramid theme song out of my head.
We've got a $5 Club Sandwich for you today! Things are looking up!
your nickel ain't worth my dime (: man I miss my Lily Patrick Star
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DAD!
Where does the Katy trail 5k end today? Is it a loop?
About to start my jog to Humboldt Park & workout on the awesome workout equipment there!
Just set my alarm to remind me to start and then later switch over the laundry. Yes, this is the realm of ridiculousness I have reached.
Everyone's breakfast smells amazing.
