Twitter Archive plugin is not installed on the #THATCamp Admin. dashboards. I looked at "Installed Plugins" and "Widgets."
Omww to St Louis
Sex cells? Owe science to much
how many teams Fabs?
Hello, thanks for being friends!
RT Instead of chasing them - chase yourself. Chase what you love, chase who you wish to become... Let go of the rest.
would like to know about these bitters...
Thanks for the RT yesterday. Alas, no responses. :(
sometimes its just easier to reload os and go back to factory settings
That was a great way to end an episode of
Can you smell the queso from your room? That would be AWESOME. RT PS I literally live next to Torchy's now...
I miss u already
James Lankford, GOP Rep in OK -Sexual identity is not, repeat NOT a choice. The way you are born is the way you are. Another know-nothing.
bro look at my tl.... shit mad funny lol
you know we LOVE you too!!!!!! xo
Anybody gonna be checking out some sweet shows over the weekend? Make sure to check out our show roundup coming tomorrow!
Yum Varsity Club pizza :)
,I LOVE YOU MY LOVE
How the heck have you been?
Merry Christmas!! The waffles and hot drinks are ready and free to all who stop by until 1 today!
Birthday wishes to two of my absolute favorite people on earth, and !
“Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today? Today is a gift. That’s why we call it the present.” - B. Olatunji
I've come close.
on Y way to Dragbrunch @ #EdiblesRestaurant & just heard skittles debacle WOW WOW !!!!! Is all I can say,Jaw dropped ! :)
Another fave MLK quote: "Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase."
“Scratch any cynic and you will find a disappointed idealist.” ― George Carlin
Ooh, good. I hear good things about it. Is it eat in or take out?
usually hold your buys for? I'm very interested in your strategy.
: unbelievable! How could I not use my #museumsuperstars tag for ?!
When I cycle I like to pretend I'm
Thank you for the your support RE Hard Rock Rising. Because of people like you we made it! Seladore will play the Hard Rock.
Jones making it looks easy
going to nyc soon
When office building and each suite has clear no soliciting, you expect me to be nice when you knock on my door, soliciting?
sometime in june, dont know when exactly becuz it all depends on how we do in the playoffs
Hey Rebecca, I will be there with bells on!
How do I know I am in my home town? When I see someone driving their lawn mower to the grocery store.
": Who wants to see me in PR with ?! Let's make it happen!" dont just read LEGGO
You know, I'm not sure if I've really ever been in love. I've fallen for people' but never had a balanced relationship.
It IS disturbing! On another note, you and I really do need to have a social media/social mtg soon. Sunday after 4p perhaps?
Now the hard part...which one? RT : Craving steak, good thing I'm at
you cast a spell on me
Thanks! I plan to! I might get to meet Neal for it.
thanks for the add! Is that your kid in the photo? Great shot! How's business?
sarcasm? like it!
"it ain't love when you're stuck on the wrong end of the gun."
gonna be outside killin it tomorrow again!
Of course. Good to hear from you :)
Watching the #Superbowl with my daughter wearing my jersey. That makes this a bit more tolerable.
what about Netflix?
Tired of tryna prove shit to everybody.....
this is so you.
will you ever follow me?<3
": Lil' Wayne went from being a shirtless thug with baggy jeans, to wearing jeggings and doing air splits lol." He's Gay lmao
yay! I'm super excited to read The Archived (and sequel) too. Such a cool concept!
#DidYouKnow?: 60% of America's prison inmates are illiterate and 85% of all juvenile offenders have reading problems. ()
Well its Monday again, time to hit it hard
Sitting in class watching and videos instead of doing work. So much more fun :P
I was able to give away six nicki minaj tickets. All through trivia!
Only four more weeks of school left. Praise the Lord
visual.ly has a great infographic template that pulls FB and Twitter insights, very handy.
#NowPlaying Trust Issues - Drake
#GreatestTunes Honorary Title - Far More
Have you started saving for Christmas yet?
Success is coming
"Hey, can I see that brochure?" "Bro, sure!"
Happy Tuesday, I love you
who's coming to our show at cheetah's next week?!? bikini girls, loud rock and roll bands, and loads of drinks..sounds like my type of night
I'll be staying in venice but working in downtown-ish
I'm cool I said u was sexy
Next time you gotta make enough for everybody lol
So. I just parked it on one of the benches in Turtle Creek. Its hot out here & I don't feel like going on this run...I need some
JT: You drink tea?! You're British now! Me: Wasn't aware that was how that worked, but it puts my fish and chips fascination in perspective.
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
had three dunks this weekend, one was an oop!
May you live all the days of your life.
Happy Birthday !
Now checking out Haywire
how did we all get addicted? What a concept. Just some average guys like most people have a pawn shop that's on tv. Great show.
Congrats Sylvia Luevano! Sylvia was the first to correctly guess Mysterious Island, Throne of Blood, The Parent Trap and Frankenstein.
Greetings new librarians that I am following. Doing this as a project to rank, categorize and find value in librarians on Twitter.
For any of you on here that may debating on getting a dachshund, just remember the dog to jerk ratio is pretty much even.
So, was there some wine in your Labor Day celebration? Tell us about it!
Do you have a prob with that? Notice how wishy washy your commentarty is on the screen.
To get you to go see their movies plays, concerts, sports events. Mr. Handsome!,
At #grayrobinson FYE partners' meeting. It's GReat!
time 2 sleep
Last Call for the Dead
no baby i love you more than i love my boyfriend and that's alot xD<3
C-ville, don't be late! Bronzed Chorus are gonna rip up the front end of this bill! And them other guys ain't no slouches neither...
I know if you play around with it ,it can get yo ass shot lol
Hey there - thanks for the follow!
Anticipation is unreal
Never stop fighting, I know that I won't.
You're so cute! c:
:D I'm now determined to get him to notice u for ur birthday tomorrow haha
If you work for a shaver company, it isn't weird to shave at your desk, right?
Love the thinking behind touchbase calendar. Well done,
I'm looking into becoming a certified diver while in Phuket. This organization looks good: www.sea-bees.com
We work with several universities to help students study abroad in South America. Where do you want to go?
yeah but I'm convinced you NEVER sleep
Trust in Harry Reid we must. He can pull out a deal when nothing seems possible. Reid already knows the end game.
Key players getting injured. Broyles, Whaley, Lewis....
- ok, I like languages, but cannot figure out what that is - Basque?? guess it doesn't matter :-)
lol Brugge is the establishment in Indy owns. Hoping to have a pre-conference opportunity to visit.
damn youre getting old
They are usually awake to tell me good night, Ben :)
Getting back to twitter. Let's see how this goes. Been tossing up the idea of starting a vlog or something. Keep it audio related
I never watched any episodes. It's not reality tv. Real woman are not dramatic, petty & violent.
WOW! Maria is really really good! Goosebumps and tears from this viewer.
“ “ That awkward moment when you're so angry at someone that you can't concentrate on anything else.””
Car broke down and had to be towed. Tonight sucks.
Anyone nit-picking enough to write a letter of correction to an editor doubtless deserves the error that provoked it.
Did you know the city of San Francisco was named after multi-platinum R&B recording artist Sisqo?
just set up a new account for a #nonprofit i'm working with - eep eep!
Awesome working with in the Dominican Republic! What a stand up guy, it was a pleasure to be one of his extras!
You are very welcome! :) RT : thanks for unstressing me!
I always do that.
seriously though #tigers i can't take much more of this
4 days and counting for your 13.1. You got this?
my brother, if you are available Sunday morning I will be ministering the 10am service at my church. Be blessed!
kenny you pig!!! ---johana
Dave Thanks for the RT -- I appreciate the + feedback. As a new SM/Twitter gal it means a lot.
I MISS YOU (TEARDROPS)
Why I love the #Simpsons-Marge: Homie, you know I'm usually up for a triple x throw down but....
Well Put T ": winners never fall. They may trip, but they know how to regain their balance."
U already know baby! NY Giants gonna win this <3 imma be watching with my boyfriend and holding a KFC bucket! Lmaoo!
Started watching THE KILLING season 1 tonight. It's really good and definitely intriguing albeit very dark and depressing!
Now up 83.3% on the year. We are, hands down, the most successful option trading advisory service in America! www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
the effects of wine are definetly multiplied by the rain. I'd read too, but would be blissfully asleep by the end of 1st page
Went to eat with Nichi tonight! I miss her SO MUCH!
Who loves ICONic Boyyz' ?? ;]]
If I was in a crowded room, I'd still be able to spot you first.
First come, first serve! Come enjoy some cocktails or free Guatemalan Snooze Coffee while you wait!
nice! Your RUSQ article, "Learning from Leisure Reading" -- for the RA component of my Public Library Service class @ Drexel
No kidding! From Content Marketing Strategist to Agh County official might just be on my career ladder. Thanks for the post!
Dark Shadows was a hoot. Amazing cast really brought back the memories and feel of Collinswood. Loved it!
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.—James Thurber
We don't have to take this, we can end it all.
nothing has changed lol
Waiting @ the Rayburn for a friend and had brief words with a depressed looking Ralph Nader and Omar Vizquel flanked by models.
My team good.
For real though i cant wait to be in chicago for a few days starting this weekend.
Yeah! RT : Congratulations to u18s who won 4-0 in the cup today!
after that one I didn't get a message
Mitt has changed positions more than a porn queen. Arlen Spector
What's GOOD, D36?! Looking forward to May Madness!!
Just wondering where the hell has been lately...... I #refuse2beignored Clea!!!!
getting ready for a work-out, lunch with the girlfriend, a walking tour through , and then the girlfriend's birthday party.
Understood. But I wouldn't want my children requiring money when someone offers to immortalize me.
I'm not giving up on my Grizzlies either!!
Mitt Romney is about as annoying as Sarah Palin. That is all.
I wish he was home, I could really use some spicy boiled peanuts right now :( lol Free my baby !
ugh i should be in line waiting for cody :( but im not. i hate not being able to drive and i hate not having friends...
Don't be to hard on Mr McDonough, apparently he and the Mrs got caught downtown in the middle of a melee
. Please send money to #WI to defeat Walker and his cronies. TYVM!!
800 miles loll
Glad to have you!
now i could say my name but ya bitch already knows it
you mad cute.
Any philosophy that can be put 'in a nutshell' belongs there.
Thanks for the follow!
i packing a snuggie tomorrow
I am going to #tweetup will you be there?
I just want to go on vacation
Happy Founders Day
Got 5 minutes a day? Earn daily profit share. No recruiting. www.newincomeoptions.com
And you have fun at your event!
u never called me back :'(
Need a Brooch for your winter coat? Come check out the new Fall and Winter fashions! www.lebury.com
“Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'” -
I'm exhausted and on east coast time (though just arrived back home to west coast) Can I stay awake for #MadMen? tough decision.
Its time for State Authentics to take over the fashion industry....... new designs soon
yeah... pretty soon my phone's going too. ahh, so much to do! But I guess I shouldn't feel guilty about going to bed early tonight!
Now Trey Songz he's fine too
awww that's not cool :/
Can't believe I missed the dog show last night! Probably a good thing though, bc I already have puppy fever...
I've been sleeping with a paste of honey and cinnamon on my face for like 2 wks
Timeflies: A Music Duo That’s “Escaping Genre Limitations”
Woops...just accidentally DVRed #Veep on HBO Latina...I guess I'm practicing Spanish tonight.
Out of my entire class right now there is a total of 0 people actually doing their work
"High speed & scalability in the analysis of large volumes of data is a critical success factor for companies", said Karl-Heinz Streibich.
I put a end to yo ugly ass guessing games cuz we make him our bitch r/s!!!
Are you calling my heart small? xD lmao
FDMF is our new PREPUMP alert: get in now while their is room on the train... you dont wanna miss the bus!!!!
Ready to get to work. Promoting all day!!!! Shena Renee coming soon!!!!!
#ggj12 tip: go for an indoor jog to get your heart rate up, avoid rickets, and dodge sleep. Also you ate 3000 cals of pizza this Saturday XD
of course. As soon as i leave you start copping classics to watch.
you should be! :)
Morning ppl.
Devastated for Hannah Ross & family. My child is 7 + loves water = my worst fear. I love/respect her...but this is autism & I hate that.
James Thurber~ Nowadays men lead lives of noisy desperation.
I'm taking students to a midnight screening of Hunger Games at midnight tomorrow. FUN! Although Friday might not be fun. At work at 7:30 AM.
High School football last night. Epic battle. Carson High defeating previously unbeaten San Pedro. I was in the stands. Gotta tweet somethi…
OMG OMG OMG
CEO Welcome Night was great! We are excited about our new members!
really REALLY don't wanna work tomorrow..
Hosting Sweet Social Mtg at Panera Citrus Heights, CA at 9am. Entrep Women...Meet me there!
It's cold I hate this weather
ask for me!!!
are you in Frisco? I was there yesterday!
Sarg, a 170lb German Shep/Rot, is staying with us for the next week. He's one of the best dogs ever but it's going to be flat out chaos!
yeah we work all the time when we aren't studying for exams. hopefully the profit from our new shipment will help us grow!
lucky as
So glad that I can finally relax after this insane week.
Thanks for the mention! Again, lets hope for an A on the exam.
Guest teacher in "Race, Class, & Education: The Wire". I still love the classroom! Gotta get back in it again. Can't wait! [/Bart Scott]
Where the fuck is Ross Perot anyway?
Diving right in mapping the California New Deal Project with Alex Tarr, including a 30 second history of Los Angeles.
Hell in a cell!!! Undertaker vs Triple H!!! #WrestleMania End of An Era
Watching Tough Love on VH1
I need new eye makeup routines!
Oh wait, the tech dn exist to produce a movie? I'll create a new one from scratch (and pay for it). Yeah, that's me: G Lucas
Katrina and Anne both rocked the repeats tonight!
aye nigga I'm not in the mood for ur shit today 😒
Texting people and walking around these boring apartments.
is on board #SOCR1 - Quality content will always be king, but delivery platforms & discovery among the clutter have become key
int for what?
of course!! hope you like the music!!! :)
is looking for #technical #recruiters in #LosAngeles & #Phoenix. Referrals welcome! #OST is still expanding. #2012=busy!
hey Dana, what are you doing these days? Get to Seattle often?
Check out my film FleshWounds starring Kevin Sorbo on Video On Demand yall!
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world
I swear i love Lauren lmao !
*checks* You are absolutely....correct.
Let me see what I can do. Have a safe trip!
Next 212 is not til May 27th so get in here!!! :) we are partying right now!!!
$5 Box Lunch Today is Turkey! Call it in and pick it up! 303-623-0525
The Lucky One was AH-MAZING!!!!!!
Modern stuff like Truecrypt and Bitlocker makes it very easy to have that much security. Easy + high security = win.
I just never trust the online purchasing which is why I never actually buy stuff either.
thanks for the email. Glad you like the show. We'll be sure to check out your work.
There is one redeeming thing about a mistake. It proves that somebody stopped talking long enough at least to do something. ~Irving Wallace
Omg not at al.
Locked out..ugh
Cosmic Love by Florence+The Machine
I don't understand any of 's tweets. Are they about football? Are they about life? I'm SO confused!
Think about your sweater? utterly fab. Looked it up on Ravelry as soon as you posted the info.
Good luck!
thanks for the follow Celine. I hope everything is well! Here's my business twitter also if you'd like to connect.
Seriously...I strictly adhere to journalistic ethical standards which I feel have eroded significantly in the last 25 years...
I'll be sure to get some sun for you! I'm just getting warmed up for
what time?
Darth Vader might be working harder than Adriana Lima this Super Bowl. #brand bowl
Level 1 Cert #CrossFit complete. Great course and great instructors thanks a mil guys!
This month is a time of inspiration. What inspires you?
If it was T Kennedy we wouldn't be hearing any of this "transplant shouldn't have happened" crap!
Hey Gang, there are still reservations left for Shanghai Jazz on Sunday. Makes reservations at 973.822.2899 I'll see you there!
Office, Warehouse, What&#39;s My Space? Planning for the Mobile Future
- Looks like it's going to happen. 2013-14 season. We should try to get tix, regardless of the venue.
its only wednesday!!!
Definitely! I'm not sure the lineup has been announced yet, but we should start hearing whats hot at sundance soon!
wow! Really?
All I know is that you're the one with a word for poop in your screen name, and I'm the one with a vaguely sexual entendre.
NJ, defensive coordinator for the giants
If your up early, or out late......we are open.
Welcome To My House Partyy!!! c:
Mr. Elway congrats on being back with Broncos - I gotta throw something out there - would like to see more Tebow Wildcat plays!
Love me some Jack Lemmon via Kevin Spacey!
God, Plz let the Grizz get this win!! Amen
Thur Salad Special: Baby Iceberg Wedge with Chopped Hard Boiled Egg, Apple Smoked Bacon, Shaved Green Onions & Crumbled Maytag Blue Cheese
“: %2 Pineapple for breakfast. Ok Tuesday, let's do this.” <-- m my favorite! Saving mine for lunch though!
i got u
anyway to download your great Themes from the Naked City collection as mp3s?
haha. or maybe Payphone by Maroon 5 ? i think that'd be good too(:
Watching 8 Mile
heard it, it's ok. every time it comes on octane I think it's going to be scream aim fire lol
Watching Never Say Never(:
Loud, excited shouts in the hallway! Our staff are cheering on the 8th grade Academy students before their OAKS Science tests begin TODAY!!
Morning traffic ... bleh ...
ok ok ok!
Wow. What an album! She never fails to impress! Listening to Everything Is Changing by Anneke van Giersbergen on
Two kids come a cross a body in St. Paul on the shore of the Mississippi River. More info coming up at 5:03 on CCO Radio.
Chris johanson was talking about digital projects being sustainable is not linked to funding but level of use
Dude I did the same thing. I have never received a sticker.
It does look interesting. As an adjunct I'm neither underworked nor overpaid, but I still worry about students that take my course.
Was great finally meeting you in person! //
you better be ready to get in the booth and spit
“Be yourself...let who you are, what you are, what you believe, shine through every sentence you write...” John Jakes
RT I have govt housing, job, health care, and benefits. But govt is bad people. U don't want anything 2 do with it.
Forever hoping the guy you like is at least bi
What activities do you have planned with your kids? We try to hit the park when it's nice.
Same here! Let's stay in touch!
Skeet ma-geet....Yo boutique stores out there, holla at my twitter.
Glad you made it. You'll be leading the in no time here in
I just ain't on the shit them niggas on....
Whys my cat always waking me up at 6am to go outside. Wonder what he does out there. I should mount a camera on him one day
RT : Use the mehxclamation point, ¡, to show how unexciting something is. Example: Eventually, the snail race began¡
I love you- there is no reason, no explanation, nothing to understand, nothing to debate- that's just how I feel #Beliebers Much love
Wow can't believe I'm almost 29. My birthday is just 2/1 weeks away.
when is your next televised game cuz?
It's not even 10:30 yet and over 60 people have already visited the Embassy of Kazakhstan
This was a really fun conversation! I'd take a gay Brad Pitt any day of the week, too. I mean, just as a general rule.
Day 2 of the season time for a "Yankees Suck" comment.. sorry to be negative.. Go Sox!
The only thing that makes women better than men are their sandwich making skills, and their boobs.
SFA's Jereal Scott (LaPorte HS) was named to this year's Southland Conference 2nd team. He has 6 points, 3 rebounds going into half.
your days are usually more WGL or LWG (w for work)
see you there cuh!
#meow meow
": Vagina" where?
I will - thanks!
Would not blame you for giving up.
when we're we outside?
what does unhidden really mean? How many times I've asked this! Great opener.
Yes goes offfc
Johnny Carson biography on
well, it could be worse. *You're* not spelling it with an 's'.
Yeah, hopefully it's better than what we're expecting.
He plays bass trombone with Colorado Symphony I'm with the band, ha. Gorgeous music hall too.
Bin Laden's herbal Viagra is already selling out in stores? Hm--perhaps if he'd lived he'd have an endorsement deal by now.
Good Morning!
hell yeah we a great group of losers haha !
3 things are certain. Death. Taxes. And 85 will always be open ! Ha
I don't think i went there. Looks tasty though.
I feel sick.
gave away 500 sample boxes at the
sounds about right GOPACKGO
thanks for joining in!
Omg! My tire blew on the highway!
No joke $0.17 drafts from 5PM-7PM ok St.Pattys at be there. Seriously. Best deal in dc
Finally done preparing, tailgating starts at 1115 tomorrow....gonna be a long,.fun day
Mgk what's up
it's started :) how about 11 PM tonight?
Another great morning of classes at Romney!
#Nuggets are trying to run tonight, #Lakeshow keeping up so far!
this tweet comes via my kindle. i love technology!
You know I'll be there when u walk down the aisle to some bisco!
Ok, so this is pretty cool. I've got my SVN setup on my server and locally to keep my versions in order. Only trouble: no CHMOD in SVN!
I'm at the wedding reception. Again, men and women don't dance together anymore! Come on people! #weddingdances &
New business plan: A pop up store that sells only salads + cardio equipment. Open every year from Jan 1st to Jan 15th. Boom.
Rollins with his first homer of the year. 1-0 Phils going to the 2nd.
": Present! Lol im good sis. Love you!!!!!
Great job tonight track team
The fact #oomf thought I knew Chris Brown for real >>> LMFAO *logs off*
think of them as gigantic chiclets…
Good idea. Also, get someone whose presentation is more visual--easier to follow while eating.
Yippee for #winewednesday!
Loving life.
Nick's voice is pure sex.
" Fuck! why the fuck do people give checks for birthdays! I dont have a fucking bank acount! what you smoking? shit..." lmao Nice
The Lions are gonna have about 15 penalties today. We don't need to cheat to win. Come on Pack!
martin and peter wesley-smith are delightful, delightful men. such a pleaure to hang with them this evening.
"OMG, I'm completely in LOVE with that t-shirt!" *sees the price* *sadly walks away...*
you were flawless last night <3?
Haha, true. I just felt a bit ungrateful tho b/c he's treating and I was like "wha... he got us the cheapest seats possible?!"
I don't think I hinted hard enough that what I really want for Christmas is a Mt. Blanc fountain pen...damn, oh well looks like I buy this 1
Honestly, I hate people . They intentionaly try to put people down and piss them off? Seriously? Please start acting like your age?
So my first kid will be named Desmond.
Finally home after a long night of celebrating
Man, really don't wanna go to church
It's probably wrong to get as excited as I do when people mistake me for an Apple employee.
I knew she would not disappoint!.RT : I'm just gonna say it--'s #FlashGordon dress is amazing.
He addicted to muscle, Im addicted to brain.
Close Ties will be screened at the Hollywood Black Film Festival in October and the Alexandria FIlm Festival in November
You know you fucked up when all your plentyoffish matches are trannies #i<3adamsapples
What is so doggone GREAT about Hungry Birds? Doesn't it kill brain cells with its lack of a requirement to think?
Getting ready for tonight's show. We'll have a closer look at Immigration+USSupremeCourt, a sea assault in Syria, and much more. 9pm EST.
Found a shirt finally!!
You know when people have power naps? Well I have power lunches. Then I go in my phonebooth & go from -
“: appreciate that D-Walk. How you been big homie?” I'm good brotha!
marry me? ;-P
nice work on the #DeviceWorkshop 17 is a great turn out! Love d the pic btw.
ahh...yes, I remember now
haha that's ok, I'm always falling asleep in spanish, all because I stay up too late because of the boys
I think I'm gonna make this main account idk though.
in the world? Costa rica it looks really pretty there :) lol
Would U consider trading a copy of your book for one of mine ('Piso Christ')? I'd like to see more of your thoughts. Thanks.
#kodm text is an encoding technology, but it is never "just" text -- it has history, context, materiality.
So proud of our boy , he had gone so far now. :)
Congrats AU #theatre juniors Haely Jardas & Michael Poandl for doing an extraordinary job American College Theatre Festival!
The new #RedBullZero is phenomenal
fair enough :) will do!
Thanks for the warning. I definitely need to look more into it. :)
I was up with one child five times (hub stayed up for 1, so R was up 6x). Not complaining though, I still got to run at 6am!
Battier shud sit out rest of da dam game so he learn how he need to play by watchn other ppl
I'm sure I'll see it eventually and that it's good. I'm just not big on the on the idea of movies as spectacle.
are you ever on twitter anymore? This is a Beloit requirement. 2 tweets a day is mandatory.
Wow. No wonder Nate looks so happy. :-)
Bit of an addendum: "Here's how we used your responses last time" is even MORE compelling.
Congratulations! Treat yo'self!
i would never intentionally do anything to hurt the person i love.
Wow! The Knights horses are beautiful. Bred to be very agile and in authentic costumes.
idk our relationship is confusing -.-
NIGHT PASSED SO MUCH QUICKER THAN THE DAYS DID
arvo2010: Standardizing Ophthalmic Database Structures Streamline Electronic Submissions and Reduce... - Joanne Gonzalez , May 6, A316
Perhaps the last takeaway? (We'll see.) Be Patient (in #SocialMedia), Be Consistent.
give it a day or so and they will all clear up. Don't try and force them out. It will turn out great!
with Malice and Pusha T as opposing running mates?
I see this game finishing in the 90s
what time are announcements?
Xinhua: liquidation of Liren Group has begun. Group owed $720 million to $800 million. Liren involved in education, real estate & mining
I would kill just to have one their 150+ beers on tap; Terrapin Rye
check out all the new arrivals from your FAVORITE yogawear/activewear! find the perfect pieces to compliment your yoga practice or workout!
Why can't I have enough confidence to ask a guy if he's gay or not? Maybe I'm scared our friendship will go down the toilet.
I love my Evo! RT : I just sold my broken iPhone in under 1 hour. Not for a super ton of dollars but still...
i met u at superbowl in jacksonville fl. you showed me common video on your lap top its been a long min.......... follow me
Using the equity in your home can help you improve your overall financial well being & pay off high interest loans, debts, and credit cards.
Equity Research on TE Connectivity Ltd. and Corning Inc. - Diversified Electronics Mixed
That little fight... Wow that was nothing!!!!!
Memphis looking to close out the Spurs in 5!?!
Heading up to #ocss11 in a few to work some vendor booths. Looks like it has been a good day so far.
Buttons on the brain after cranking them out at kickoff party for Shout out to the anonymous teenager who stepped up to help.
This damn Bucco offense is starting to piss me off.
Just got pulled over by dallas popo..... NO ticket!!! Gotta love the sweet talk.... Gets em every time :)
lol smile gurrl why u mean mugging
The sound tonight sounds like my old man's hearing aid feeding back! Or is it the Academy's?
Weed may lead to nowhere, but at least it’s the scenic route
If you hold your breath, your photos upload faster.
hahahahahaha that's better
Ah, the joys of home inspection...
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.
what is your view on white guy/asian girl relationships bubz?
Enjoying a Pennant Ale. Wish we got these in
"That's my style blood" - The Sitter xD lmfao
goodnight babe. I love you. :)
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show? ;) .\ \
I'm surprised nobody didn't ask you.
RIP Adam Yauch. Iconoclastic rapper, visionary film producer. You will be missed sir
I think this bakery may have been one but the view & accents weren't quite the same
I believe I could live on ice cream. I will test this theory the next time I want to break up with someone. Two birds with one stone.
#gbboughtit is good enough for me
My head hurts ;( again...
Iv'e turned my life & health into a fuckn mess.
“: How am I supposed to know that? Because I've been telling you every day for 8 weeks” blitz pulling the #immacatcard again?
 lol androids run this
yep and Craig and people from my grad class, wanna party? Cc: ??
hey, have you check out the Honey Wilders new album singles for singles yet? if not please do.
Wrestling tonight...takedown defense and finishes.
Yes AARP IBANEZ WITH THE RBI SINGLE...SHHHHH WE ARE IN THE MOVIES
Actually, not bizarre, probably right. Bring on the interest.
It takes but 1 positive thought when given a chance to survive & thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts. R.Schuller
I second. RT : Jewelry and accessory booths at library conferences slay me.
hey pal all is well. getting ready for a big launch - you know who. will ping you when it's live. how bout u?
im starting to feel like i only belong from the outside perspective rather than actually doing it
whats up bro.
YAY pride together? :)
Sweet thanks RT : Facebook/Twitter promo right on my page if you need it :)
RIP Jim Marshall - he made the world a little bit louder...
MT : #Bills news conference is delayed That's ok Fans have waited years for this kind of move they will wait a fee more minutes
Moho Collective, Extended Family, Last Note, & Son of the Sun on The Shakedown this Sunday at 8pm! 98.9 The Buzz.
its in keller. Its cheaper payment than my apartment. its the bachelor pad. i have a buddy whose living with me
#Life is short; #enjoy every #moment as much as possible!
#car2go will be at San Diego City College until 2pm today! Stop by to register for FREE and win up to 60 FREE driving mins!
THANK YOU! EVERYBODY WHO ATTENDED THE GUN SHOW THIS WEEKEND. IT WAS A GREAT TURN OUT. SURE WAS A PLEASURE TALKING WITH EVERYBODY.
Hey, hey! We're so happy that has become our 1,500 follower!
I'm going to #rock this week! Who's with me?
"Check for an organ donor card""He had no wallet, I checked" "It cost us thirty-five hundred $""Five thousand, three hundred $ for a dummy?"
Gamel just lit up Castro. WOW! Props to him for hanging on.
Jury duty :-\
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 8
thx for the follow,Martin!
I know girl! But you should be at a good length in the summer so if you did cut off the ends you'll have a good amount left
Definitely. I'm so ready for football season. This press conference reminds me of a pilot for a new sitcom. Have to wait
depends what you put in them
I wish i never fell so deep in love with you and now there aint no way we can friends.
What's the next level after the debt ceiling is raised this time? Fix the problem. Reduce government spending.
I need donuts and alcohol.
Shout out to for breaking the single game steal record at Butler with 12!! So proud of you :)
#Fact RT : Effort is the bridge between mediocrity and masterful accomplishment!
great time!
Up to 141 followers on Twitter...That's promising.
Beginning of the week blues? LiLLiES of #WoodleyPark #DC offers all-day happy hour on Mondays and Tuesdays!
So much on my mind I can't think strait help me:(
Now to provide "sales with a smile" would be the best way to market the book...
Happy St. Patty's day! Hanging with the girls making green Jell•o shamrock Corn Beef & Cabbage yummy. All we need is some green beer!
The Tupac hologram would've been a lot cooler if he was doing the Humpty Dance just like the good ol' days.
Wow. This kid seriously looked me stupid for bumping into him... I almost got a little ghetto.
got a lovely massage from my room mate #roomielove (:
Beth is cool so dog be nice
I'm past the point of sweating and am beginning to render
RT : gorgeous! I take it you had fun at ? I went and lived the feeling afterwards m // It happens :-)
or we could order a bucket of perch from
serves u right for leaving me
I try not to make any decisions that I'm not excited about. - Jake Nickell, Co-Founder of Threadless
Your long weekend just got better...All Night Happy Hour starts at 4:00pm and goes until close...Who's thirsty?!
Feel attacked? pray "May the Lord see my distress & repay me with good for the cursing I'm receiving today"
Sam and Zoe's in Berry Hill in the corner. I might try a smoothie - not sure which one. Cute guys, but young - not that I'm looking-but...
This one time I ate really bad Chinese. I hope she learned to wash her vagina since high school.
so precious!
shoot tha moon! My name is Ralph!!
thanks Julie! i hope to conjure some Grimace spirits tonight
Koster on publishing: "[B]e an omnivorous reader. How we write is strongly influenced by what we read."
“Have patience with all things, but chiefly have patience with yourself. Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections
Omg someone stold my ipod =o
Without a doubt. We see the same thing.
Does not like the new iPhone app. I can't search to follow?
I'm going to miss my #RusherFamily Love ya all bye Rushers and bye twitter
yes. We just finished dinner and r headin to party.
happy birthday!
it's 4 , the crohns & colitis foundation. They r Having their take steps walk on June 9th and we raising $ as a team
I wonder why RV didn't go with a right handed lineup tonight. Flowers Lillibridge?
Glad introduced me to Air. Moon Safari is exactly what I needed this morning.
I'm going May 4th!! Can't wait!
#askherm who had the best draft in the afc north?
no doubt
that's ill son, on to the next 1
Whats going on tonight
Dear readers of my future book, I went inside a morgue today so you don't have to. You're welcome. Sincerely, the author.
I want a jersey right now
tupelo with leah. :)
Thanks Bradley!!!!
CW-X sports bras are my fave :). I've never had any chaffing with them.
Well im the bass player but ya I can play some Jeff Beck hes awesome :D and we are playing this weekend in fort worth
If art doesn't make us better, then what on earth is it for
Even though you have her #iWillAlwaysLoveYou (:
Joy and pain , is like sun shine and raiinn
have you pick something to watch? Or still flipping channels? I left room #oscars ducks
Love Farmville? #Zynga IPO's on Nasdaq at $10 ($ZNGA) raising $1 billion, largest Internet IPO since $GOOG. That's a lot of pigs.
I have to catch a 7am train and I'm still up.
An Oaken Barrel Razz Wheat!
goodnight sweet dreams wake up in gods perfect sunlight
thanks for following (:
I text my girls Gm every morning
Rinsing my mouth with warm water & salt 😓 <<<
That's very cool.
the lions are at the door
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it
Leaving in 1
What even just happened.
let me know when you back in town and we grab a bit to eat. There are some good places in you area:-) have fun in Vancouver
People with too much to say are usually lying
will you marry me?
you should of texted me not twitter I never see this
What I would do for a back massage.
Let's go
Enjoying the creativity, energy and films at #Sundance today at The Yard 1-5 #DiscovertheGift Go Be Inspired!
I think im still high
Nice visit with brother and sis in-law Eric and Vaulty and their 2 yr old, Peyton! So glad to see them!
Wow, I'm sure #BlueJays fans had to hold their breath as Lawrie jumped onto home plate Morales-style...
hence why following sports on twitter is great
Omfg I just want this fucking school year.over with
Tests on Monday <
Copied tweets are no bueno.
At Math Tutoring. .__.
bill her for your time she wasted. Time = money
CEHD iPad initiative is the largest of its kind at a research university.
Come check out "The Farm Cart" at the Firehouse park on 4000 west 10400 South for awesome food!!
How do you guys record TV ? You guys should use us ()-- Daily Show and Colbert use us. We're awesome. :-)
Tell them that its Human Nature
upbeat songs by , #UpAllNight album by Kip Moore or #UpAllNight album by
This can be arranged!
That is the worst feeling! I always end up checking my ears all day and for a split second panic thinking I lost my earrings.
I love to spend time with my mom
Is in a club....how did THIS happen?!
Its my birthday today, just gotta get that out there.
RT "ROI in 5 months (probably less)" #HPTechDay #Gen8 < quite the claim. Would love to see that data set/study
Made it on the plane, but winded! Heading home from
hahah thank you! ;)
Yeah, I just switched that account over to protected and I'm using my planned pseudonym for my "real" tweets. ; )
Hot mama ?
Nothing going on this AM? Stop in 2 learn more about your Wireless Device at our free Device Workshop Today 730am-900am
Dude I'm eating one right now!
OH very Cool! Thanks! Just wanted to make sure u didn't think I was the official archie comics! Rock on!
Pretty sure a homeless man just tried to put a curse on us an he bucks for not giving him cash
Right now, I have my srs face on, later tonight I will return to my regularly scheduled drunken good times composure.
Cant wait new wheels!!
No one understands how bad I wanna go see Mana!!! D:
Leaving this class early and gonna go eat
You hopeless romantic, you.
We are All blessed with opportunities in order to bless others.
Key to optimization: Est. and enforce consistent coding, assign responsibility for site quality, address dev. issues.
S/O to Cory Booker, aka SuperMayor!
Who wants to be our lucky 900th follower?!
Follow me --> I'll Follow back :)
Thanks for following! May our tweets fill a void your life.
RT : M! What just appeared in my inbox but an acceptance to ! It's so warm and shiny!
cuz shortys always too busy for us.. You know and I always have time for that almondy stuff
bitch u gone show yo azz den gone make it shake..if daz a fuckn hater den gone make em hate
Need to get my followers up
The green economy should not just be about reclaiming throw-away stuff. It should be about reclaiming thrown-away communities.
Contact us and we will stop by!! Then you can be lucky too!!!
Pays defense doesn't look like the 31st ranked
Never trust western union.
me jelly;3
#TebowTakesManhattan wow its official Tebow is bigger than football no championships no mvp awards still most popular
when you get them. Let me know....
Rainy fall Saturdays in Seattle are the best days to research.
SEX got easier 2 get Luv got harder 2 find Women when a man LUV U & wants U, he'll cherish U & flaunt U not only U but EVERY1 will know
Discussing 's Hacker, esp. hacker culture and gender identity roles in the text
Random: chewing gum makes my belly growl. Also, ketchup is expensive.
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each Firehook Bakery & Coffee House neighborhood store.
christina aguilera's cleavage should be illegal
is it ever OK 2 bop a tenured prof n the nose? 5 x in 2 weeks! I get it! Weight gain is from meds a-hole..not that it's ANY of ur business!
So glad you had fun!! Hope to see you at more of our events :)
Thanks! We feel the same way about you!
Not trying to impose on your fun Tuesday night! Enjoy your night!
Amazing day with my Interdisciplinary Music Collective friends! We played, we sang, we drank... rocked !
RT BMW’s new website for its “Art Cars” bmw-artcartour.com
I'd go bengals, a little better team and better parties
Wait...RIP Fergie was trending? I missed this o.O I hope this was a rumor you assholes!! I almost had a heartattack!! -_____-
#Isles PP is over
yeah that would be awesome [:
Congrats on your junior ring! ....Lets go get frozen pizza -__-. Smh.
I love that all I do is look at Jenna and I just know things
Cinnamon toast crunch at work and I'm ready to rage
Love that place!
RT : "If you love your customers, they'll love you back and tell others" - Michael Brito SVP of Social Planning
Best part of that photo might actually be your Twitter backdrop, seeing the old Pacific Bell Park & Bonds Squad signs!
Another day, make the most of the oppritunities the day brings ~ Tony
if you can't take my sexual talk then you can step out of my freaking bedroom.
Can't wait to see later !!
Three thumbs way up for Moneyball at
I kind of nominate you king of the hipsters.
Some people bake pies. We bake our selves.
you stank bitch i hate the living guts out of yhu n nobody can every hate on u somebody dat call there self fat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice! Dirty Bar. RT : where you at? #imdowntoparty after the sick
aww, that's really awesome :)
most definetly will did you hear the Tracc sweet tooth it's to your angel tracc
haha lol my phone is forever alone
My kids put an awesome music app on my phone, now I can tune him out completely.
Don't over think. You'll start to worry about stupid shit.
I feel you. It's worth it in the end I think but it's just frustrating on the journey.
Tomorrow morning Carly and Kitty will be on giving some bachelorette party survival tips. Tune in at 9am!
Missed you too! And yepp hahhaa. Honestly, nothing really. lmao. just you know.. doing my regular life, i guess. how about you?
6 MONTHS YEAH!
When a pitcher only wants to sign with a National League Team, shouldn't it be obvious that his skills are diminishing?
Wishs I could could be back in Jax. I HATE Ga.
I'm excited to sees how that works out.... Didn't think they would go for $2 bil though..
Thanks, you too! Did you enjoy the party?
oo that's a toughie! I'd say stylist recommendation because I'm more concerned about it complementing my face shape!
we in there tomorrow at vibe #lego I'm be looking for you at the dance floor
I've been great, no complaining. Tho
having drinks at the small bar with and
Edith Pieaf #fatindiebands (okay, she's not exactly indie, but it makes me giggle)
The red carpet interviews are always so awkward. Which makes them awesome. Tim Gunn and Nina Garcia are particularly uncomfortable.
I'm right here. :)
Why would anyone STIFF a Bondsman out of money when he gets you out of Jail? If you can't Bond you sure as hell can't afford an Attorney
Your bill is horse-shit. No bill sent for 3 years after many requests, finally paid a $550 bill, THEN listed me in tax sale.
I've got you tuned in....into the Noon #HOUR: ))BP
"You figure it out, you can't stay. What is in the clouds is my life about to change." 💛
You know you need more sleep when you fall asleep standing up, in the shower...
New blog posted about the comming energy tsunami. www.spirearchitecture.com
": Turn a nigga out just like the first time when he hit a freak" whoa lucky guy over there
what's good
11 out of 20 of the richest women in the world are chinese
Thanks, , , it was great to discuss collaboration and the GSA mission on
#NoCo2012 tix no longer available online. Get them at the door & get ready for the best time! CC
well, Ur my inspiration! Your talents and how ur into sports just wows me! I look up to u prob cuz ur taller lol -ur biggest fan <3
G.M.N.I.: Less than three weeks. God willing.
instagram misses you.
Hey there check us out if you have time :)
Cartoons are a natural cure!
When white people say Little instead of Lil' haha
lol..im gonna kick your ass!
I sent your C&W offer to a friend; let me know if someone else gets it first (which is fine). Sorry to miss you!
A bummer...
Left my straightener in Toronto. Two weekends in a row of me leaving random shit in stupid Canada. I suck
Thank You Marcia !
Larry Drew: "Kevin Garnett was an All-Star tonight."
word up.
- Congrats on the article
Ajanti George ( ) is a BEAUTIFUL, AMAZING, and INTELLIGENT...WOMAN!
Cant wait for it to be October!!! Need to go to and 's concert #ASAP !!
I have the solution for everyone's problems on here 1 plenty of fish in the sea 2 plenty of people envy your life 3 there's always next year
im bored im mean really bored :|
Lmao already about this new family guy episode. xD
Ready for the next chapter. 🎈
Omg that poor girl.
Behold: my brewing philosophy. RT : One must not hop so much that one forgets to experience bunniness.
Thank You God For This Brand New Day❤🙏!
its not a lie that nigga weak as hell and you know it if him and wayne no fuck it Lil B go head to head he fucking lose.
"Forgive him, for he believes the customs of his tribe are the laws of nature!" -George Bernard Shaw
Want a better car? Join me at Honda City on Hwy 100 4-6 today for the Schlossmann's 72 hour Cash for Clunkers Sale
I miss you too!!
you may be eligible for a MASTERS DIY certification.. lol... I'm always more than 3
What is the feeling that you've smelled a certain skunk before?Deja phew!
Preparing for my sixth and final conference call of the week. The good news is that plans for Philly are coming together nicely.
“: Why are we even meeting in classrooms for class? #thatcamp #pmt” Suggesting less classrooms or less f2f meeting?
lol smfh. I guess mister dee :)
Doing some real deep thinking right now
Peyton Manning to the broncos.
"The distance from your wrist to your elbow is the same length as your foot." hah!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive boys with tattoos.
hey Coleen! Hope your well. Claddagh Fund is on twitter now too! Check us out
Oh my god . Need sleep.. Today as been a memorable day..:\
Unfortunately, it was shot on my iPhone, and I didn't have the option to monitor the recorded video...
Forgiveness is life,if you still don't have a heart to forgive you are dead.
Hippo or Central? Or...both? :--/
I cant say if I have a type anymore... If I like you, then I like you. There's nothing more to it.
People who think Riley should be coaching, not Spo, are ridiculous! Where's the leadership from the stars?!?
morgan's library is not quiet...but I'm goin there today
#WhyNow The longer you use SEM the higher the cost to receive the same ROI. Use SEO as well to secure a foothold in your e-Marketing future
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you...
Manic Monday by the Bagels
#ThingsThatBotherMe That everyone who testified about #women's health this am was a man.
i just refuse to hear no...just like u bro. That 13 hour car ride...thats what its about. Cant nobody take that from u.
Tune in to 91.3fm Public Radio and Television at 1pm today! Our GM will be talking 91.3fm WLRN Public Radio and Television!
I need to start fedexing you food.
Ouch! RT : Just because ur wife material, doesn't means he's gonna make u a wife...
First pitch Grand Slam? I'm driving off of a bridge.
most memorable putt on tour?
Spring game.
Can't wait to dance w/you at Barboza. Little to no clothing encouraged
Come and get your fro yo party started! Cake Batter anyone?
#replacebandnameswithvagina One Vagina
“We're going to need more stones.”-- the Biblical marriage advocate in charge of stoning non-virgin brides
Aha my dad is like " bieber plays soccer?" "yeshh" " I know I saw, his good!!!" "his good at alot things.."
Thanks for passing along my post this morning. Greatly appreciated.
I wanna slap the crap outta Gingrich
Best funny quote today: "If I have to keep watching these Republican debates I may vote for a dictatorship." Letterman
me me me lol :)
Played college for 4 years. I think they were mocking him or the ref w/sarcasm....I've never heard that rule b4
After a day at Bliss poolside at The W
Oh my crapppers!! I'm taking the CST test tomorrow!! I'm freakin out in the inside! But in the outside I look chilled out lol
A bird just shit on me, literally...
#Huguely court should begin at 930am if defense co-counsel is well enough. George Huguely IV, Huguely dad is set to testify.
your customer service reps lie now my son won't get his christmas present.
Cool, I loved her show! I loved taking her photos!
• Like I said, we should all pray 4 rain to end this spectacle. I just wish it wouldn't happen against the Cards.
that's in my old hood. What are you doing taking a bus to Plainfield?
I know my brother is in a better place; and although I can't see his face, I know he's smiling down on me saying that everything is okay.
What times Rios graduation?
You Rock Rooftop....just love you!!!
just watch what makes you beautiful over and over again hahah <3 btw feel better!
"We are the #artsleaders' Breakfast Club" - Josh
MT met today and says he is (insert adjective) in person!! How about a RT for a BIG Cards fan?
#Falcons release former Pro Bowl fullback Ovie Mughelli
what time did you get out today?
Dear Baby Jesus, please let me have a good Friday. Today I will be learning about how to serve full first class realness, umkay!!!
thank you! :)
This just in: the government is keeping pennies in circulation for throwing at children and small dogs
God is cleansing His kingdom. The #church will be as God called it to be after His cleansing. For a Kingdom divided can not stand.
SM advice from don't have to be an early adopter, but you shouldn't be the last adopter.
I love netflix
this new Tupac Shakur development should be interesting..
But her voice is a bit off
I am loving your t-shirt tonight!! meoww!!
#ConfessionTime I acquire unhealthy obsessions with British boy bands, but I regret nothing.
- Now its up to $3.18
Is in the follow you song at the end when Dylan is singing bc it sound just like
dm that email. Gimme some info on what particular beats you like and I can send some taylored to your style
Seems so simple, healthy whole-grained foods and daily exercise. If hearts were visable, we would surely take care of them.
well tuesdays are always a good time in our book.
whats up Fam its peoples. good to meet you at The Kid Capri Party #Allstar2012 hey lets rap soon bro. 1.
With Ana in The computer lab :)
Phil and I are losing real bad at team triva right now. Maybe we should add a member to the band that knows a bunch of random shit.
People talking about Portland and quoting Portlandia. 2012's "Winning. "
Good good day
I pre-ordered your book, however, I can't read. I'm really banking on it being a pop-up or color by number.
Rome is t city of echoes, t city of illusions,
Accurate jewelry appraisals safeguard your valuables | No Jaime ...
yes it was 
Damn I still can't believe is in my city.
Y'all should come to Groppi's patio right now, and hang out w/ and I, and get a feel for your 'hood......
On Tuesday's webinar , I learned a new trick to promote the mindfulness #leaders need to manage distractions and maintain focus
its a mutual thing ! , heart felt lol
Psu lost and Federer lost today. When it rains it pours. Its a deep burn. Taking deep breaths.
what a weekend =]
Thinking of leaving work early, bored as you are...
Am up at 8am the first day of spring break, figures!
Go TacoBell #microconf loves you too! With or without Doritos.
Anyone know the quote that's like, there's the book you intended to write, the book you wrote, and the book you wish you'd written?
Today's writing tip: The devil is in the details so give them a hell of a story!
What a game for gamel tonight? MVP of the night.
Enjoyed being apart of TSAW ATL.Love your spirit & and how you put god in your coaching. It gave me hope in my ablilty as an actor. Luv ya
LSU had a helicopter escort for the 80 mile trip to New Orleans
so he's going to get oak street closed for the st
Elite Eight! Congrats, Jayhawks, on the win tonight!
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG!
a trick is something a whore does for money . . . or candy
So many great people to follow on Twitter in Milwaukee, so many boxes to unpack, so many windows to display!!! Back at it tomorrow!
Roy Orbinson on Austin City Limits from 1982 here...
Writing essays in Spanish will be the death of me.
Pretty much everyone with an iPhone has their Facebook twitter and instagram app right next to each other lol.
#imediasummit Jeff is hilarious. "If someone comes into your office w/the conversation funnel that looks like a 'sousiphone' kick them out!"
#ThingsIDoWhenImDrunk Keep drinking until they look good
Downloading mad games to my ipod for when i go out and im bored and for when my nieces and nephews and little cousins ask to use my ipod
Ugh niggas get on my nerves
Aye it is ;-) quick quiz question: do you know what 3 or more rhinos are called?
Dieting for years mirrors insanity You keep watching yourself over eat crap over and over again Yet, watching obese people not diet is worse
#GO PACK GO.
$5 tix for tonight's Guilty Pleasures w/ password: "Mama Se, Mama Sa, Mamakossa" + come to the 9pm show & see 10pm FREE!
I'm doing a College Funding Workshop at Santa Fe Christian tonight
lol that's when you were writing my autograph <3
BTW, we really liked the Moo & Blurb booths @ PPE. Nice stuff guys.
Even if Darren Sharper can't walk, he at least won't commit TWO PI calls in the endzone. S. Brown singlehandedly cost 2 games.
Shout out to Jessica Simpson on her baby girl
Hey there, what's the best email to ask a few questions related to a theme we purchased? Thank you.
Mitt says hes gnna run on jobs he created not the bills he passed. Huh cuz I can't remember any while he served us as gov in MA.
LETS GO JETS!!!
THE MIDDLESTEINS by Jami Attenberg gets a STAR in Kirkus! "A sharp-tongued, sweet-natured masterpiece of Jewish family life." DM me for ARC!
Apparently on "casual friday" pants and a shirt are a "requirement"
We are now streaming the full version of "Thats What She Said to Me"!
Not yet. First we're going to learn how THEN we're gonna make-a-you laugh
sometimes, i feel like giving up on humanity. the ignorance and stupidity is blinding.
This annoying ass baby
you at the buffet there? Best buffet in Vegas is at the Rio.
hello everyone
At the Pop Awards.
#replacebooktitleswithbacon Margins of Bacon :)
What's the ratio of people invited to the wedding to people who actually come? My list is out of control.
We understand that every home buyer has unique situations & needs. As a result, we have numerous programs available to fit every buyer.
I am with you on that one! What's Good?
Joshua Glottmann - Through the Lens of Aviation - passion for learning the intrinsic ways of flying
CHER LLOYD ON THE RADIO!?!?
I've got a great idea for a Wednesday wisdom column for EGW. Stay tuned.
So, tweet me your name and I'll ship you with one of the boys!(: -K
Congrats on 6K!! Who! Party
I have a Cuban uncle.. What..? O.o
RT : Hilarious RT : Every time someone RTs this tweet a box of noodles get's it's cheese.
Ha! I'm from Denver & there were at least 2 of us who thought it was hilarious!
- p.s. in 1976 I was only two. I've only recently come to know this Donna Summer(s) moment thanks to the magic of YouTube
Pretty swanky eh, Sarah? Our online flashcards are swanky too. Come say hi to StudyBlue at the tutor desk.
by the way, congrats on the new deal with the Cards. Excited to see a good man returning to the Bird Gang.
Wait, Angelina Jolie is marrying the guy from Thelma and Louise?
I have a new comparative effectiveness paper in Harvard Health Policy Review.
Never completely watched Murder at 1600 ! (the white house)
Late night conversations with the best friend.... "He kept jabbing his pecker!!" hahaha
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
thanks for following Bryan yer sausages sound sinfully divine!
haha i use to watch that shit everyday
Lol Utah fans thought they were gonna pull off a clippers comeback but Ginobili SAID NOT UP IN HERE...NOT UP IN HERE!!!!!!
YES WE ARE SO LUCKY AH . Found out after school ! I'm so pumped :D
Darn you Diners, Drive-ins and Dives! I need to be working on a paper instead of watching you.
Looking for a young song plugger for Black Ink Music.
Y'all suck.!! Lol y'all ain't real
Amazing day at work! lets end it right! (:
My lonely ass
The rapture was ridiculous. Now, are Easter and other Christian superstitions equally so?
Chocolate Goldfish *Grahms*: How delightful!
Just an FYI: The planes overhead are the U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds not the U.S. Navy Blue Angels.
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions. ~ Edgar Cayce
hahah i used to live in CA too; hows it doing?
YOU are amazing! Much ❤
YOUR HER GIRLFRIEND BUT YOU NEVER TALK TO HER ON THE PHONE
That moment when u can't believe the ppl GOD has placed in your life and all you can do is say "THANK YOU"
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?
Offering PLUs for #Edcampatl may be a deterrent to teachers who are truly eager to learn & not just log another PLU
When you like someone & they start talking to you but your afraid to tell them you like them ... :/ #HELLPP :)
People who understand sarcasm >>>
Sleepy. Off to dream of you, yes, you. Well, whichever you is most skeeved out by that thought,..SO dreaming of you. God night!
watch it little boy. I'm gonna kick your as
killa cam --> never gets old!
Be sure to wish a happy birthday today!
park street cantina
This mf just tried to attack me.
DeLaMare Library's first tweet!
~~~~~~Thanks for the kudos!
if you're one of my new followers please take the time to check her out man. She is the real deal.
BAHAHAHA! I LOVE THOSE GIFS(: & we really should, i would seriously stand outside for days...
tht joke would've been funnier if he didn't use certin letter during series with the oklnd _'s.
i'm glad you made it! send me new address to send stuff! I really mean it! I'll send stuff!
I'm gonna die if I dont get at least 2 more followers!!! DO YOU WANT ME TO DIE?????? (Yea Dramatic much?)
I CANNOT wait to return from my mini weekend getaway to a total of 5 new emails in my inbox
Was going to go to the movies, but can't seem to find anything that isn't either a substandard remake or franchise crap. Back to radio.
when did you send it?
Yep - found your article! I won't be posting one since I'm in my last weekend before summer school begins :[
Lots of good conversations the #NYVO Mixer, but the best was with Amy Snively and Pam Tierney. Welcome advice from two good friends.
Backseat Goodbye Goot tickets for sale only $10 October 16, 2009 at The Rochester American Legion Hall myspace.com/jwagency for more details
Red carpet hits and misses for 2011.
Remember maryland beat miami
The ref that threw out the NC state guys for heckeling was in his bounds. Grown men shouldn't be able to act like idiots wo consequences.
Does ANYONE have a competent tix sales rep w #Yankees? If so, please PM his or her name so I can request the switch. Mine sucks.
right! and then they act all surprised and shit when she ends up preggoo #smh, got their priorities al fuckedd up!
#igorclark did you get eyeo tickets?
A5 A) willingness on part of brand to keep their promise & deliver what we EXPECT
RT Congrats to and the UP men's basketball team for cracking the Top 25 for the first time in 50 years! http:/
one of our students is in current talks with #WarnerBrothers for a lead in a feature! #TheMentorStudio brings you closer to your dreams.
Studying for finals all weekend<<<
RT Plane w/unconscious pilot landed softly in water, is intact; Coast Guard responding, condition of pilot still unknown
rinaglingggg hi jessie! thanks for the follow! xxxxoo talk soon love,
You need an iPhone 4, iPod touch 4, or iPad to set it up, but once you’re done you’ll be able to use it on any iOS 4
Thanks so much for the follow, Caleb! Check out my music if you have time. Hope you like it <3
All my dc folks ...RIP Chuck Brown!!!
About 2000 wds in for 2day.It's pulling me in. I like stopping just when tension gains momentum.Gives me a day to ponder outcome.
RT : Its Friday night! West End Johnny's lets do this!... Yes!
Posted on June 18, 2008 in Diet and Exercise Blogs by noemi · 15 opinions voiced
HOLY CRAP!! #16days until you can be my #boyfriend ?! OMG!!!! I'm am overjoyed!!!
"The freedom is better than breathing," they said.
Email marketing workshop at #sandiego 8:30 Today fashion valley mall
I'm adding the 16:00 $11r 3k gtd. let me know if you want in (should not be more investment)
The #Yankees beat the #Mariners 6-2.
Great meeting you both at Seven Saints yesterday, and great job on the run!
I need to work on my googleplus page :/
Thanks guys!
Ready for pickup games!!
; lmao i had a feeling & yes i'm going . are you ?
I actually start with paper sketches but I have a virtual team so I need to convert to digital form to be brainstorm with them
Merci my friend :)
Not yet, 1 or 2 of the Bee Gees are still alive. RT : RIP Donna Summer. Disco apparently, is dead.
Try to discern between fiscal policy & social ideas. Some people even dig responsible financial mgmt & marriage equality at the same time!
The most romantic love story is not Romeo and Juliet who died together, but grandma and grandpa who grew old together.
#thosethreewords free indian food!
So is it weird that's he's your friend &he's liking ALL my pictures?
Don't cramp my style!
love her
is that something u can discuss with me? as distribution is the focus of the 3rd beyond borders:diversity in cannes panel
The comments of Beckett & Francona show they not only we're biggest culprits, but dont care. Francona rightly fired Beckett shld go
<---- This guy sucks
I'd love to read it! Zack Snyder and all! :)
The New York Public Library will be closed on Monday, January 16 in observance of Martin Luther King, Jr. Day.
it's been forever. are you a grad already?
Thanks!! I am blessed to have two talented sisters and a very smart french chef of a boyfriend to put it all together!
Be sure to visit the "Power-Up" Lounge at SXSWi. AT&T Center, Room 301.
Now that all the domestic dust has settled lets get some UCL Final debate/predictions going please. I have Munchen by 3. Forza Inzaghi!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Get the best tool to rip DVD collections!
Seriously, people, DON'T EFFING LIE TO ME! >:|
Thanks for following, and thanks for being a great Liberty Station neighbor!
I think he's expressing disdain with Girls
I did. It was Moulin Rouge..and it wasn't pussy.
I can't stop listening to Foster the People's Helena Beat. There's something about it that hooked me, just like Empire of the Sun.
Follow me I'll Give You A Fat Ass Blunt/Swisher...
Old people make me happy.
These refs suck! Point blank, period.
THAT'S RIGHT TOUGH GUY!!! RT : wasn't he the Cornwall Dragons from 77 to 82?
yup. I'll be there Sunday night!
Adele tops rich young musicians list
you are a great emcee!!
Honored! ": Awesome! N ice to meet you RT meet … both great brains!"
Huge congrats to client Diane Wyshogrod. Family First magazine [Mishpacha] lands today with 8 pages on her "remarkable" memoir. 1/2
How about them apple's......? BABY!!
Homecoming was fun :)
Super bowl! #Giants <3
How much protein do you get per meal? If you don't know you might want to figure it out...
Packed 2pairs of pants and a shirt lol and I'm down
I have never ridden in an indoor arena.
hasnt tweeted today :(
It will come. RT : Multiple opportunities to finish, have not found the back of the net.
Instead of judging people by their past, stand by them and help repair their future
whatever! I tweet fast enough. Thumb thumbs. (haha you remember spykids?) plus, supports me.
Lin comment was unacceptable.
beating the Cats is Always great -says the girl from Tucson!!! #goDevils!!!
thanks for the #followfriday! I appreciate it. Have a great weekend.
Small #publishers can't afford to release #ebooks simultaneous w
Love my school librarian peeps!
8 Years Get Physical Music is awesome! Thanks for putting it out.
Turns out that 6pm nap was a bad idea...who would have thought?
best smell ever might just be except idk what he smells likes haha. Cody what do you smell like?
Are you French because you be making dem fries -
Happy Monday! The panda is interested to know what bars you want to get crazy at. Please give us feedback and a chance to win an iPad.
Khomeini (1988): "requirements of government supersede every [Islamic] tenet, including those of prayer, fasting, and pilgrimage to Mecca"
Submit a Headcheese recipe for the chance to win a full sampling of our new Country Pates! Send recipe & pic to
She isn't a ride or die bitch if she don't let you stick it in her butt.
yeah just now. Wutchu make it on. Good quality. Shit hot
oh! Ok, now I got you! Twee ting is cool! Let's drink Friday night!
about what I expected. Meh, and at the same time, I might've teared up.
Whats up Manny, glad your back. The keg is waiting for your return. I got my parra jersey ready to wear.
The tweet is back at the bloody ford garage. Don't think he has experienced a mad English woman before and I never swore once lol!
To all my followers that I didn't reciprocate, sorry for the delay - really busy, but I'll follow you right back!
wuzup i need u on a song
something to do with seattle, that way they will always remember us. :)
Date Night
he has awoken a sleeping giant, and filled it with a terrible resolve, except for a few minutes looking at
#FF everyone go follow They follow back lol #FollowFriday !!! :)
Long weekend starts now!
- Thanks, but we're not a label! PL70 is an artist collective, where each of our artists retains full ownership of their music.
Swisher!!! A 2-run double!!! There we go!!!
Nicki Minaj sucks major d okay
oh hahaha yeah I knew that I was making sure you knew what you were doing hahahaha ;)
That, and I've decided that it's funny. The alternative is depression, pain, suffering, etc.
I'm adicted to
Waking up with a huge headache<<<<
Thx for mentioning Sylvia Fowles new contract on Sports Center update!
Yes, right! Made it most of the way in pants 1st pg, only about half the way by the 4th!
So... I just made fire red shirts
First Friday countdown- can we get a front page story on Sat saying how many people came out to FF ??
Be not selfish in your doing...
: Wango Tango tonight...who's ready?
placed an order today. Can't wait to see the final product!
It's not too late...Get your ticket to the LV City of Lights Jazz Festival for Today or Tomorrow or BOTH!!!
yea welcome anytime
I sound so high right now :p while...singing that..never ending song with Gloria (:
they are nm/mint no creases
Ugh, I hate when I inadvertently read a book series out of order.
4 hours of insanely critical patients lead me to drinking as soon as I get home. Time for wine!
me too for the first time!
wait there's a lot of em 😒send me a screenshot!
Whoa! That was the most fun I've ever had on the internet!
favorite coffee in nyc? (ours = ninth street espresso or balthazar bakery...close tie.)
hey, sorry for the super late reply. what's up?
10 Facebook Tips: #1-10: Facebook is stupid & annoying -.-
K-12 or college profs for summer study abroad?
what about?
Shaken? “: James Bond will quaff Heinekin's, not martini, in next film as part of product placement deal. Mountain Dew next?”
I love how I didnt go to sleep. Yea its almost 7 and im wide awake.
#TypeNickiMinajWithoutLooking Nicki Minaj. This must be an interesting tweet.
“: “: Game 2 of the week and the KCD have 2 new routines in store! Can't wait for tip-off!” Thanks for the lead!
me attempting pull ups..<<< #fuckthatshitt!!
I'm going to have to go Chem teacher on XForce 24- it being A Mite Hot doesn't mean water vapor stops being part of the atmosphere- DvL
I also think this is before I added a ton more green. And the recipe came from your favorite undead/ghost Movie of all time.
Fell asleep still fully dressed abt 7pm. Didn't wake up till my alarm went off for work at 7am.
Pinterest has somehow infected the "crafting" part of my brain. I almost just googled sewing machines. This is getting out of hand.
It's alcoho*is*m not alcoho*was*m
Keshia always have the hush mouth
can't wait for the weekend. =)
Overcome by ADD twitteritis today. Watch out for fast short notes re: all things Scags.
Of course! RT : from their accent, Celine nanos, and chauffeured Porche I'd say lucky foreign students : )
Thanks for the nice note Nathan
lol, we need to come away with this sweep!
RT : I just found out that the guy that got hit by the golf ball at the Masters was my buddy. His name is Nathan Overholser....
Draft of Top Ten #BC players from 2000-2010 coming out tomorrow!
Taxi Driver = Scorsese's 2nd best film.
RT : an all nighter seems like whats gunna happen. I can't sleep for shit either
Amen. What's your captain done? RT : Chant your chant, he has his name on the Cup...
Already, I'm on the same Shit!!
This life is for the keeping.
With this Congress? It's not getting repealed anytime soon and everyone knows it.
Would the internet lie to you?
Love is in the air!!!
