Gotta get things together because at the end of the year I'm moving out!!!
I can't work out if this is because I am considered of good character or if I make you look good by comparison
Kev Kev's about to ride his first ferris wheel since 1989. Get excited.
OMGosh finally met owner of my building. Single nice funny & his daughter went to the same school as mine!!! Small world. A very good day..
I think I'm worth it.
happy belated birthday
Is a lil frustrated rite now
No one greater than Randy Watson #sexualchocolate Awesome golf!
My 102 tweet goes out to And ...... Idk why lol
RT Elephants can be taught how to paint.
Those poor fellow flyers! RT Flight home from #AWP with , , and Michael Downs was serious fun.
If #Tebow would have patted him on the knee instead of the head he woulda been back in the game.....
Happy Friday!
Interested in attending the Institute for Integrative Nutrition? Ask me about a $500 scholarship available through Wednesday!
Our Futures are Formed by the Thoughts we Hold Most Often"
There are vast untapped resources of faith and talent that can only be discovered in adversity. Robert H. Schuller
After the night we had 6 months ago, they might!
Fox59 Morning News is on! We've got all you local news, weather and traffic with updates on the Royal Wedding and the situation down south.
October is #NationalDessertMonth. Celebrate with us and try our decadent Swiss Milk Chocolate Mousse Cake!
- Thanks, hope you're doing well!
Getting cute Tommarow
$4 for 8oz of the famous pork chop with #Krupp Brothers #Merlot #HH #SugarLand #Houston Crazy good! Love the sauce!
Moderating the Librarian Passive Aggressive panel at #codcon12 tomorrow. You should come. Or don't. Makes no difference to me. Cya there!
What does hit like a 6-footer mean?
$FBCD is rocking and people on ihub are complaining about the 8K... good god people!
Did you hear that the Appellate Court denied the CLC & LADL writs re LA's Blanket Order?
I think should probably follow me back like she said she did!
Constantly comparing your old relationship to your new one is the quickest way to find yourself single again.
FOLLOW HER PLEASE :)
RT : According to #WGN Epstein deal down. Joint press release from the Cubs and Red Sox
yes, many of the convos on cmgr tend to focus on B2B or are for big corps so I appreciate hearing more B2C & smaller brands
DONE! “: how about everyone just comes down to Hawaii so I can stay here forever? Good? Good.”
thx baby! Can't wait to see u...
I wonder how many Packer fans just voted for Donald Driver on DWTS without even watching the show. Show's dumb, but DD WILL win it anyway.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dr. Fresh Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
No.. However, I do consider myself a global citizen :)
That is racist!!!!!! >.< but I'm still following you because I like your tweets
No shit. is hangin in Iowa--wind chill 2 degrees. Whaaa?!!! Have a good shoot!
I had an amazing Photo shoot in Brooklyn back to Jersey it's so Nice Outside. I Love it! :)
tumblr, y u no work?!?
Good afternoon. Been MIA to help my mom get through a major surgery. Things went well. She's now on the mend. Missed you guys.
Thanks for the recent RT's and faves!
Dude, check out I think I'm going to sign up for it.
Heading to school for morning excel in my purple pants.
un4tunately u ain't always been fine u ain't just wake up n say damn I'm fine U notice that u attract dudes and feel "fine"
Great work out again! Feelin great and now gettin my hair done!
Bayonettes? The irony of weapons of war, used to protect the well being of a non-violent movement. Hmm.
I like guyswho take there hat off and flip there hair its so hot :))))))))
Who ya calling little? ;) Congrats- great problem to have!!
Ima be pissed off on that ride to GVSU.
Those who disrespect your assignment are unqualified for access into your life!
Wow! What a kick from Denver's Prater! 58 yarder with no time. Clutch!!
Had a pretty nice weekend now back to this workout thing tomorow !!!!!
Another fantastic guitar solo: "Jeff's Boogie" (The Yardbirds). Just the original.
That's what Eli is pointing out. There is no information about where the originals are from.
Give me few minutes lovies i have to make a sandwich
i know how you feel im sick of school too.
oh my...did he have backstage passes? Being from 8 mile and all
Now Playing: Crash - Gwen Stefani
Looking for a good fight party in the #DMV Saturday...Any suggestions.. Promoters where ya'll at? lol
FUck a Bitch in a PEACOAT
lol hahaha if its not too much to ask could plz ask for arianna to follw me..... yea
You say you wanna take a ride? Get in I grew up on that other side, getting it in
E&E finally have Enuf hair for bow and stuff :D
Today is Small Business Saturday! Everyone please get out & Shop Small today & support local Austin businesses. Let's keep Austin local!
I had a gay banquet lil ugly!
ooh haha well it's all good (:
Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda Brenda is asking advice @ going to Hawaii. Going on business trip to Oahu. Should I go to anoth..
Just finished up editing another photo session, yay! Love happy clients!
More news...?
We don't currently have an iOS app.
And how is that different than most major sports?
can you tell me what a "preferred walk on" is and how it benefits the kid? I've heard that term a lot today.
thanks for the follow!! Cheers!
That'd be awesome! I wish you would make a cap one of these games so I could do something creative too.
just needs to tell me whenever she wants her hair did!
Seeing lots of salmon-colored shorts and pants lately. Salmon-colored pants seem to have migrated back from the ‘80s and spawned in 2012.
Happy Holidays everyone! We've had a great month supporting awesome causes thanks to you. Enjoy this time of year!
It's pretty clear why Mitch Kupchak has been so blase about Ramon Sessions' impending free agency
my neighbor just told me the same thing! WooHoo!
RT Dallas temp at 11am 99 by noon 102 & 3pm 109! this is a new record high & the hottest temp of the year!
Anyone that thinks a windows phone is the shit, has obviously never owned an iPhone... I have had both and windows six ass
Distance sucks. My room is so far away from the kitchen
My amazon order arrived this afternoon! "Asterios Polyp" -- hope it's as good as all the reviews say.
Are you worth a keeper in my #FantasyFootball league for 2012?
Whoever's in charge of the clock better get it right or get out. Too many mistakes with the clock.
North Carolina bans gay marriage... Why?
Am I the only one who thought holding up lighters at shows was "out"?
Have you seen the awesome #Halloween costumes at costumeexpress.com ?? Fun stuff!
i am pretty confident what i did fixed the issue but if it creeps up again, let me know via twitter or BBR
I really don't need any more reasons to dislike Mitt-this is plenty, gracias
your so cute!(:
You are welcome bro!! Congrats on your first hit! And yes Baseball season is almost here!
Seems fitting our #Steelers That's how I roll tee heads to the archives after Heinz Ward retires. Thanks !...
- the less you give a fuck about other people's opinions; the happier you become :)
Thank you Artscentralco
Do people not know how to park these days or...
This sat we playing a free show at the Blue Nile on Frenchman St. In Nola!!!
no , Gingrich is an arouser of those who form civilization!
Does that mean your Rogers Park location is closing?
Just did in the MKE store. Picked up a few Mead Making essentials for my brew.
don't hate don't hate
Proofread your comments.
Another lost soul needs my compass
Why is that ? RT cause ima good time (: ha
Reminder: Washington Post: mainstream newspaper. Washington Times: owned by Moonies.
Soccer tryouts went awesome!!! Jess, Michelle, and I might just keep the same team ;)
nice purople shirt.
#Google Calendar question: How do I import from a CSV file into a SPECIFIC calendar within Google Calendar?
Mariner's in St. Louis... I'm not even torn a little bit. Go Cards!
Also break a leg #ccm2011!!! Love you all!
and of course hot!! Lol
Taking a power nap at lunch did not improve my mood. Now even more mad that i had to wake up.
Raining again...really?
can I buy you lunch today in sf? Message me if you do not have plans. I am at market and new Montgomery.
having goosebumps this early in the morning... must be gameday
Picked up the paint today! Let the painting fun begin tomorrow!
awesome! I'm looking fwd to hearing them, as I'm sure are many others. praying for God 2 be glorified thru ur time in the studio
Good Monday Morning! It's a beautiful beginning of a week...I hope you have a very positive and productive week! Let's get at it!
you won't be alone for long, dave. I'll contact you later today for my session next week :)
Tattoo sleeves special all year long. $175. if you already have ink $150.
I hate the phrase "of you say so" when people are talking about relationships. Why be so passive?
student touring mot today: "coming here, i had lots of holocaust facts. leaving here, i have the emotions & the faces of the holocaust."
It does-beautiful building. Can't wait til it's done. RT : the new freedom tower looks very tall already!
That's good to hear! Are you playing in the mid atlantic this fall?
Of course I mean *my* inlaws' old one.
Have you ever tried sleeping with a Brocken heart.?
- Looks like she has it on backwards.
bye Vick..thanks for being a good sport.
happy birthday great show want meet you some day
OMG HE SAID MY NAME. AND SPELLED IT RIGHT. OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG.
Texas Tech men's basketball coach Pat Knight has reportedly been relieved of his duties, effective after the upcoming Big 12 Tournament.
Also, their reading room has some of the best light/windows, ever
Have you booked a hydrobike Holiday Light-tour through the Naples Canals yet?
listening to the sound of the rain. Writing a slow jam.
NFL Concussions: Midday on Health, Monday at 1 pm with Ravens doc Andrew Tucker
hey Chuck whatcha think about our "dirty lil creek" now
Movie time!
You have until midnight tonight to take advantage of the Monumental Monday $5 discount code tweet monumentalmarathon.com
My favorite indie bookstore called. My copy of george THE CUT is in. Happy day.
“: Jealousy at its ugliest. #smh”
It is a good idea to choose plants that have different blooming times,along with evergreens
Blah am up
"You remind me why I don't like people." -
New Red Cross instructors ready to give their final presentations before being qualified to teach new disaster volunteers. They'll be great!
*boys RT Haa,I swear girls these days.
It's about 10%. Same difference beween 50k/year or 55.5k/year. WHOOPTEDOO. Yes it's a lot of money but he coulda been a LEGEND.
Renovating my basement, looking for a Roxul distributor in Denver... or can Roxul ship directly to my home for less $$?
I appreciate that! I'll let you know how I do!
Surprisingly had a really good nap
#exotropy Information is a signal of bits that makes a difference. Via
New Years Eve/1 Year Anniversary Party here at the shop Friday night! Starting at 9pm! Who's coming to wish us a happy birthday!
Gonna be a busy week giving QB advice, lots of RB waiver questions because of injuries this week as well
looks like I'm going to formal in sweats. #nodress why :(
(MEN) you got a girl who care about u right in front of your face but look for another one who don't which is so a waste !
Can you please follow me back? (:
Sending positive energy out into the world. Hoping for some back!
Rahm: Taxpayers can't afford to choose: pension or police, pension or schools. Will soon squeeze out every essential service in City.
I am pretty amazing aren't I?
Your Welcome!:)
Very excited to see the Power of One Project from our school in 's Social Global and Green Presentation at
Amazing photos, guys. Thanks again for being part of the weekend with us.
When were young" the the days are short and the years are long"when were old the days are long and the years are short!
Good morning!!!
Give us a shout if you got your lucky bean today. #St.Joseph'sDay
lol shut up sorry i dropped my phone give me a second
"thats the time that all the ratchet people come out!"
be prepared to become a REAL WOMAN.
HBO Sports hires new boss Ross Greenberg in hopes of rescuing programming and ... - New York Daily News
WHEN THE HELL IS THE PLAYSTATION NETWORK GOING TO BE UP AGAIN!!!!... MUST PLAY MORTAL KOMBAT NOW!!!!
You can't fake great customer service. You really have to love it. #womcc ()
I had already been missing #Mexico but now I'm just dying to be there again :(
It's scary wen the train is this empty...I'm actually not sure if I have work today.
Warped Tour next door at Invesco Field, Sunday, stop by the SKYBOX at hotel VQ receive 1/2 price first cocktail (one per guest)
Back to school today...
hey sir how u doing
take an additional 20% off all red tag shoes!!!! that's right come on in to city gear 4443 cane run road
Virginia government tax revenue as a percent of personal income (4.7%) ranks 45th. The national average is 5.9%.
Eating one of the best suckers I have ever had! Haha
I'm at Mt Juliet Waffle House! Buy my lunch if you can see me!
Hey Ohad, I hope you're doing well. Was the Q&A with Peter Thiel public? I'd love to check it out.
About 5 hours till caps rangers game 7,
I have needed eyes in the back of my head lately and they see everything :)
Dogtown and the Z-Boys Doc on ESPNClassic!!!
link doesn't work, please try again :)
“: so tonight I hit a 135# power snatch and 120 consecutive double unders. Not a bad day.” Not bad at all!
The Mayans must be right
me too
I'm summer maria :)
you aren't the only one that needs to clean up place names db #dearmyrtle. u don't wanna see mine either :-)
I need your help! Im going to downtown disney today and was wondering if u knew what places justin was at most last time..
I can't believe it's only 3
If money 💰💰💰ain't the subject then doode what u talkn bout??!!
Loving this yoghurt and its local Colorado!
Fuck i wish i knew somebody that lived Cali :/ im tryna go to vid con
Thoughts on Figawi? Anyone down?
Great! Let me know what you think. By the way, it was good to see you! You need to stop by my studio more and chat.
China's classic honey trap that will destroy any foreign company that falls for it...'What we do is to exchange market for technologies."
Coffee please!!
If you're not moving forwards, you're moving backwards.
The guys are going to feel so disrespected.
Thanks so much! Glad you like the book. It's definitely one that's remained a favorite for many poeple.
ty & I know but what do we do wi/ the society we live in these days. the way I see it it shld be = in all 50 states. <3
See you there brother...
don't go in the second floor bathroom alone on the weekends or.after hours. They mess with you there
#leandc "Companies of the future are going to become innovation factories."
lmao! No really ;x it was bent under my pillow ;/ believe me!! Lol ;p
We're excited to be at day 2 of #Catalyst Dallas today! If you're here, stop by our booth and say hi.
Monday is just around the corner! Get your goals in order! W.iaminc.biz
Getting ready to live tweet Alan Liu's Ong Memorial Lecture: "Transliteracies: The Big Bang of Online Reading." Use #ongliu to follow.
Done! :D Congrats on meeting Jennette McCurdy!
"Maintaining the status quo never brings out your best"-Meg Whitman, Hewlett-Packard CEO on #leadership via
thats great, so am i
Wikipedia has, like even a depth chart for every nfl team. Thank God for wikipedia.
I remember I want it to work at hooters.. Lol
RT : RT : "If you haven't planted 10 trees, you're breathing someone else's oxygen." - Wangari Maathai.
Recently we received this question and felt that it was something that many people face at some time in their lives
My #weekendgoodreads is I AM FORBIDDEN and AN UNCERTAIN AGE. Double fisting my fiction!
I want to be in a relationship where we can joke around, be each others best friend, & take cute pictures.
Sad that #picnik is shutting down. I've been using it for years. I suppose my #photoshop skills need to get better now!
finish the pack then don't buy another.
RT : Just heard on : 'Atwater Village is the perfect neighborhood,' on his tour tomorrow.
would do a sweet cover of 's "Pinky's Dream"
gettin the new runs this week you'll get em in time fer sure where y'all performing at?
BREAKING NEWS: GARY COLEMAN has died after a brain hemorrhage
What's up everyone!!!!
Liking thoughts by Bruce Daniel of on adaptive (vector) maps based on data like speed, time of day, etc.
Is there enough material for a whole semester?
oh yeah you should stick around and watch all the credits of The Avengers.
If he turns into something gross.
I think Im going to get my husband a city jerk membership for our anniversarylol I'd give anything to see a straight mans face ashe walkedin
fuck you. Fuck this friendship we have too!!
Solid performance + possibly a place for Joseph in 100 free at 1.08.77. Close to an entire second faster than best time.
#first40songsonshuffle 4. Strange Clouds - B.o.B ft. Lil Wayne
Would much rather be watching Anaconda with J-Lo.
Gas prices got you down? Come on in and find a new way to get to work! We have lots of great bikes and can also special order!
omg ! how's your day ?
really hot chick lmao.
#IHateWhenMyWaiter can't read my mind, asks friendly questions, can't bring food they don't serve, doesn't fall over himself to suit my ego
No problem sweet heart (: you should seriously make more !! Oh & look up sierra lockridge when you get the chance you're twins
I don't wanna lose him. But at the same time, I really miss her. Why can't I just have both? :(
Curtis Painter will make his first NFL start vs Tampa Bay on Monday Night Football.
Just added another chapter to my WIP. I'm taking a short break and will then work on the next one.
"it's like living in rashomon!"
the greatest wrestler ever... and 2 of the band members childhood Hero. You Rock Hogan!!
A3 A combination of both. A knack for marketing flourished once I got into the Internet biz 13 years ago
The # key is called an OCTOTHORPE
“: Delonte West, right now in The Jungle.”
Best gift a got my son a #NOAA weather radio flash light crank for power he loves it. 12 year old gift ideas.
lmao you sound like it, I bet you would think twice before you just puff puff
Yeah! Get that party on. Get that lil' town to Stooiup fo sho!
this annoying fat ass boy @ school is annoying me with his fat stannk ass ..ugh
Yay hard core party.
Today is the day to make great things happen! Work hard, inspire others and live your dreams. What are you going to do to make today great?
Seventysixes turning water to wine pennys to dimes
I'm good wuts yur name?
I'm on FB now at Roger Dietch. We can explore more there.
Ordered a new phone. Tracfone has a model with a touchscreen! I'm joining the 21st century.
I know what you mean, 'more music variety' is complete bull! <3
Getting ready to host the Parkville Chamber - beer is iced, food is on its way...
Regarding Henry V
I love step brothers
I heard that too, but talked her into it anyway! RT Greatest refusal to sign Initiative 70: "No way! I'm a lobbyist"
i had my chopstick in my mouth and it was just resting there. then it slipped. now im bleeding.lol
So I'm at work walking around thinking im looking cute wit my all black on I go to the bathroom n relize I have on a brown belt
You use Rockmelt?
im free till thurs whats good
how long are you in Maine?
To celebrate Halloween, I'll be watching American Horror Story. This may be a bad idea.
Looking forward to first night of play-offs :)
Broken nose? Self-proclaimed vigilante and certified stalker. Boo-hoo #Zimmerman #JusticeforTrayvon who reacted in self defense.
haahahaha, that was random! but thanks!
alone with my sister and grandma and i have no idea what im gonna make for dinner...
I really thought that there was no way that you would follow me. But i guess i was wrong. #NEVERSAYNEVER right?
Modern Touch @ The Backroom (3718 Main) this Friday with GLASNOST! 18+, 5... CDs and other freebies :D
Thank you for the random compliment :)
the highlight of mothers day was calling my grandma. shes the most incredible woman i know.
#Bizarre:Guy driving 4X4 pickup hitting me up 4 gas money is SAME guy hit me up 4 weeks ago at locale 6 miles away !
Cut on hand, cut on leg, gave this dbag an earful for stealing from a girl, dancing with my cousins and shots with gma
A quiet sneeze on the metro conveys more urgency and emotion than the most hysterical all caps tweet.
Solo hike to to see what kind of heat brings from the uk.
Hey folks at OHM, do you have any demos/samples/material that I can listen to from your studio?
RT : But: can we all be like Apple? Doesnt every industry needs his ugly brother?
Once again, F U Doan!
I would do the same to you
My fiancé just came up with three great dog names for my next pup,lambeau,Lombardi or Shea great names can't wait isnt she great
She died of aids in Forest Gump?! Mind blown.
can't be better than the news we will announce on Monday! Oops did I just say that? No comment...
It's 12:30 at night and I have a beautiful girl cooking me homemade shrimp scampi pasta from scratch because I'm hungry. So rad.
Chrysler will let Ally lending pact expire in a year Chrysler Group will let its operating agreement with Ally Financial Inc. expire in A
Happy New Year's everyone! What did you do to ring in the new year?
Gonna take a shower then play rockband :)
This is defiantly true! “: #Scorpios are loyal friends and mates”
Need custom screen printing? We print for anyone and everyone! Great quality and awesome prices @ www.inkscreens.com - 1-800-724-0577.
u trying to cheat on me
RT : I would like to follow every person in the world who owns a 'Noise' book. #design #ATTIK #UK - Please RT
Oh just peachy that time of the month, trying to figure a way to get money 4 a trip to NY and well I hope it rains.
See you on Saturday :)
Why fall for him for the 100th time knowing he's just going to hurt you.?
One nation under me
There has to be a term to describe what happens when you know you've already written a footnote on a topic, but can't find it in any drafts
cause we are, the same, you save me, when you leave it's gone again.
RNG is leaving.
Nah I ran into him at subway
It's remarkable GOP pres candidates are criticizing one of their own for firing employees. They sound like union bosses.
been trying to use it not working!!!:-(
Oh, How I wish I could be there! Never tried #crawfish, but I bet they are awesome! Have a great day!! :)
"Admit it we all know a whore named Jessica."
:)Peps~Follow#I'mAlwaysCheckIne...(I.Follow.Back)
Hungar games=Solid movie!!
We have got Rammstein tickets for their show in The O2 - Dublin, Ireland on 2-27-2012. Get tickets for this show by calling: 888-493-0004
“: "Keep it open!" = "I'm leaving my credit card at the bar tonight."”
I'm the same way with pitas. And DIY falafel. Falafel is a great excuse to eat tzatziki. But the wife snubs it every time.
youre an angel
#HappyMothersDay To ALL the Moms out there, doing their best to hold it down 24/7 for their kids! 😍🌹🌻💙
We are so glad you enjoyed the benefit! Thank you for donating your work.
I have tried so hard for you to notice me and nothing. Im so sad the girls that get noticed by you are so lucky. Love you!
awww i just saw you on top ten! you are to cute <3
Awe someones in love lol RT : When I sleep without him I have weirdass dreams
heyy. What are you up to?
not a bad twitch. BM is a little more messy but def natural looking.
i would be a lot more inclined to read the #wapo museums section if its critics ever said anything critical about anything.
$1 off domestics till 7PM. Stop on in for Happy Hour. We are here waiting for you!!
somehow this running thing is serious. today I bought new kicks & walked right past the cheesecake factory.
#imagine *u walking home and u see a black Range Rover* u-itd be funny if that was JB ?- hey can u be my video girl? *u turn around* u- yea.
We're big fans, so the pleasure is all ours!
Burning the limit vol 2!! Cut some songs off tho so now it has 9 tracks and an intro
wonders what a pre-amp is needed for, but ultimately who cares?test ifttt
Did anyone attend the Barrett Jackson Auto Show and Auction? We were there! Check out a few of our photos from the event and show us yours!
Sweet!! The Kindergarten kids came put of school bearing presents that they made for Mothers Day! A hat, a message in bottle and a tea cosy
I like where your heads are at. Make it happen.
Become a fan of Cartridge World Camp Creek on Facebook to receive special offers and deals before first.
why u never message back
Great pool workout @ 24 Hour fitness. I think I lost a few ounces:)
I'm good, errand and cleaning day. :)
Not only is it later than you think, It's sooner than you suspect. . .
Did you hear about the next #DCDrinkUp? 6P on Leap Day (Wed) at We The Pizza then leap in front of the Capitol & other DC icons!
Checking in new inventory!
now the ladies at work are trying to hook me up with their daughters, really entertaining.
as austin can be so perfect?
MT Good thing I had baby doc appt set up! Mitt's staff shoved me really hard at event this am.Take no chances at 8 mos pregnant!
time for
no problem ...thanks for inviting me out. It was fun and I think your bat needs some more swings - sounds dead lol
good luck to the Cards tonight, would love to see a UK UofL final four matchup
loved your blog on manager v leadership! Good stuff
We'll be announcing and contacting the winner of our Amazon GC contest TONIGHT! Aren't you excited!!??
haven't heard back from them since I got denied
I think my house is haunted 0.o lmaoo
I have no life. Everybody is at the spring dance and I'm not.…/:
: Remember iXL? It is back. Well, at least the name is.
New album from Piers Faccini driving my Monday... "My Wilderness"
it's got gonorrhea, I've heard.
Working a food drive..love seeing people blessed thank you God
myself n the city are behind u n the rest of the guys from here on out
that "if you think your team don't have a Judas" line Ma$e just spit is tuff daddy boy, how quickly we forget
Omg avoid the FDR
Me: Morning boys!! One Direction.... Me.... One Direction.... Me: are you just going to stand on the wall and not say anything or...?
yeah, I wasn't there so it's hard to say. just all around bleh
I love playing mages in dnd. Do you have a favorite character?
Thanks to Marion Kaplan, I'm thinking about my teacher Paula Hyman and how working with her shaped my rabbinate.
DID the USC DISASTER APP work for you? Let me know over tweets.
Morning Tweets! Welcoming the "official start of summer" with open arms! Going outside to enjoy it. Tweet everyone later!
25quid on 12 lolz who does that. I guess people who are
naw two finals today
HEAVY HAND plays tonight at Cactus Club with Absolutely & Scrimshaw (feat. member of ) 10pm $5. Yes!!
Re: "Paul" review- Pegg & Frost DID NOT write "Spaced", only Pegg. He wrote every episode w/ a woman named Jessica Stevenson
I'm tired of trusting people I shouldn't trust .
What! My Hoyas lost to Cincy in 2OT I guess the Orangemen were praying pretty hard.
happy tuesday to you too!
should have a twitter touchdown contest.
Either way...Ill see you there :D
RT COMMITMENT is behind every great accomplishment. Without it u have no chance to overcome "hard" or overcome "impossible".
officially a #Directioner :)
Following back all #Giants fans tonight! Spread the word G-Men fans!
Max Mirnyi would be perfect: Big serve, good at net, would stay on his side.
You're *
trust no one.
“: you got a hella style!!! lol” Thank you! Your far too kind !
how many more days do you have left for the no doing anything bet?
“ I've said this b4: u can't fully be a good woman unless you've gone thru your hoe stage”
Work tomorrow, need a good night sleep. See you all tomorrow. :)
So which horse won the derby?
Leonardo da Vinci What matters is not the idea a man holds, but the depth at which he holds it.
10.$t Hustler'$
Yes, the masseur definitely seemed into it. Unquestionably the strangest thing I've seen today.
I have one more blood draw to go. glad to see crabbytree sign. now go play dammit.
You'd think a book called Ref and Info Svcs *in the 21st Century* would be available as an ebook or at least in the UW libraries.
Jesus never fails.
come check out the new music. tell us what u think.
Lol @ shit new age girls say
This place is so hopin' . Andrea Davidson finishing ...Angel Taylor about to take the stage.
It's been such an amazing Easter.
#OH: say 'what do you mean it's April?!'….We let her know that it's actually May ;o)
i was hoping we were just so awesome we thought of the same thing :(
leases have been signed and the first location for CUPPACOFFEE an Australian inspired espresso bar will take place Q1 2012.
It was great seeing Shockey making big plays.
5-7" of snow!? I am hibernating tonight on the couch with a glass of wine and the fireplace on!
You're a part time lover and a full time friend... <3 Juno
it sucks so hard! I have to wear little girl clothes :(
When You take a fishing pole into Sea World.
I hate dance movies where people dance and compete at the end. It's fucking corny to the max
There are a lot of hungry people out there on this fine day in April. You can get free delivery with a donation of 7 cans for the...
hey Paul!! How's it going! I miss hearing your voice! Are you gonna make a album soon?
I really wish #Summerneverends was true because school starts in three weeks.
#JamesGangSKC went 2 Maryville 2 watch the game w/ our green friendsGotta say Maryville is not a soccer town glad 2 b back
thank you so much for the shout out <3
#Steelers pick LT Mike Adams in 2nd round!
W.S Merwin was moving me deeply with his poetry this evening on Bill Moyer's Journal.
Heading to Pittsburgh for the first time today. Given that I live with two Pittsburgh zealots, my expectations couldn't possibly be higher.
Free dry cleaning pick up and delivery offered by Schmidty’s Dry Cleaning Service-another way #AMLI saves you time!
ghvfddhhjujkkbgg they'll be a fucking fantasy team. They'll be called their Bulldozers or the AssKickers
Birthday tomorrow so excited!!! :)
'Twill be a special fall for the Wisco sports fan
Internet Taste Test - Laura L.: via #iL =
Sowwy for being mean
hoping to win a house party for Halloween! It's our favorite holiday and we make the most of it!
Please come to North Carolina soon
ill dm you
#letsgoPens Go Baby Pens!
I <3 my great new smile. Tell Dr. Pat, THANK YOU!
requests, hm...who are some of your fave musicians?
Rain check on Kevin Allen. Maybe later or tomorrow.
Hi whenever you get a chance visit my boutique in Atlanta.
Planning time in LA 2010! Anyone know of any fantastic conferences/parties/networking events for an English Voiceover Artist?
#FF New folks I met at #APA2012!
one of the few reality shows I watch and certainly my favorite. Gervais is so cleaver and Karl cracks me up.
Thing...thing...thing... what am I forgetting?????
Sleep doesn't come quick enough
Been on the phone with Apple Care for more than an hour and I have to pee. Good grief!
thank you:) see you tomorrow :)
Its only a filibuster majority if Specter changes the way he votes...
sick of being in trouble at school, i cant wait for it to be over.
Crowdsourcing can be a source of insights and diversity for ideation as well as for finished productions.
Wants to join the secret army that scares so much. Anything that has Glenn Beck trembling is ok in my book.
We grant prom wishes nationally. there's chapters in PA, DE, NY, VA, FL, & now in SC! Want 2 start ur own email !
haha of course!!;)
Shirley Mount Hufstedler~ If you play it safe in life youve decided that you dont want to grow any more.
oh ok! Lol! I did that once and.... It's was UGLY! But I didn't think it was until after I dyed it another color! Lmao
Daddy Long Legs to win!
I LOVE YOU!
Duane Michals: I believe in the imagination. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see.
This one is so much different than Vina Caneiro. But love it. Not quite as intense, but round and cogent.
Finally! So lazy Aidan! Hey ttys..going back to sleep ;)
bible !!!! Um it's so good I finished it :/
I'ma watch wrestlemania in a min
My heart is breaking but wishing those at the JB1NT BCEFA benefit tonight a wonderful time. Soak some of the pleasure in for me & hugs 2 JLB
Haha! This happens all the time #PEETA ❤
I really like having the cruz reader : )
really??? Omg ive been here since like 11ish!
yup :D
oh what are you reading?
#hbrchat - Generally speaking, a big innovation barrier is that corps are rewarded for returning low, but consistent growth.
check your fb mail and tell me if thats cool
I was absent from life last night A migraine ended my insomnia in spectacular fashion: I finally slept... for 10.5 hours.
I've put my trust in you. Pushed as far as I can go. There's only one thing you should know I tried so hard and got so far
yep I'd bring in Johnson and Micah and keep Jones. Downing should be as far from squad as possible. Forwards a worry too.
Our new website is completed, hope it you like it! #autism #apps #iPhone #special education www.goodkarmaapplications.com
time to trek across campus.
The 100-game ban for Rockies catcher Eliezer Alfonzo has been dropped, MLB announced.
Love this guy. And our boys in green. Battle on. RT> we will fix this... its all on us...no fingers at refs
I know I saw the comments on Facebook 😨
God is so GOOD to me!!!
I don't have your number.
State Senators Lena Taylor and Chris Larson speaking.
#HappyBirthdayChrisBrown best wishes from germany xx :)
Cot. . . RT : Ok, but the questions are going to be tough,
basically, i almost passed out. i was about as close as it gets to it. i was blind and deaf when i almost did. :P
Why has Chicago produced so many great black politicians, preachers, comics & business ppl?
Another reason to never miss 9News at 10...you'll never know what you missed!
everything is god girl how are you and the family
oh, lauren.
of course all my friends are busy on this spring break. next years spring break = going on vacation.
Christie Kerr
. thanks, but I'll stick with DropBox
Who buys a superbowl ad and doesnt put it in hd? Fail
hi rick keep getting tht $ self made millionare diva
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 1
I'd like to hide my Basilisk into your Chamber of Secrets
first stop? Sluggers? Murphy's? Goose Island Brewery? Harry Cary's? ALL OF THE ABOVE? Have a great time! Can't wait to see vids!
Now for the Life and Literature Code Challenge winner!
Tonight is poker night at the house, I hope to win and not donk off my chips like I did last week.
Who's gonna #golf #Denver today? Sunshine - low wind - 50's - It's a beauty!
Do Music because you love it and enjoy creating and you will have a piece of Art work to listen to forever and others will enjoy it also.
you CAN'T lose ten pounds. You would look like an Olsen.
It's their parody of "Rebecca." Quite good.
And now Romney is once again talking about the deep psychological effects of unemployment. Mitt's old job was telling companies who to fire.
considering useing my twitter again?
Happy Early New Year from Access Technologies! We will be back to the office on Tuesday, we hope everyone has a fun and safe New Year
Currently working on concept art for a short 3D animated film called Chute. So far it's looking pretty sweet.
Word of the Day: Oneiromancy - divination through dreams - loving Night Circus by Morgenstern! Read Alike: Jonathan Strange and Mr. Norrell
Incredible night with friends!! It's far from over here at Tap Exchange. Ran into good 'ole Ed Ibarra and my taste buds are still fresh.
That will last about 3 months and then they'll realize they need to add it into the programming.
reserve me a 6 top! I kid, I kid. Good Luck. Let me know if you need anything.
Im on a mission to the SKY!!!
RT : Has anyone in human history ever gone to a restaurant website and been disappointed by the absence of music?
Easter Break is here. Make sure you are aware of office closings around campus. Have a wonderful Easter!
kdubb baseball damn... thought yall'd atleast get our shirts wet #Stepitup #BigleaguersmyAss just wait :)
W/get
OK, thanks. All my wife says is "it's great" and I need more help than that!
I'm gonna act like I didn't just see that...
Want to meet & hear at our studios next week? Txt JESSA to 38568 now! Valid 4 U.S. cell phones only Msg&Data rates may apply
Bahahaha I am free both days! #GKC P.S. I'm in love with the hashtag. I just lol-ed : )
trying to download more progressive grocer material
NOT garlic bread?
Night skiing
there better be fruit in that yogurt
BREAKING: #Broncos will have 5 national TV prime-time games in 2012
Taylor and Selena are Directionaters. I SWEAR IF SELENA GOES NEAR ONE OF THE BOYS I WILL PERSONALLY SLIT HER THROAT. !!
(cont) occupy wall street, not the 99% but the 10% x 9 which equals a lot of unemployed people ready to party.
makes a valid point takes a champion to know one.
A political internship this summer for a sophomore at SAR High School in Riverdale, NY.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you and are adding random numbers and say 69 at the same time...😳
I'm in love with this weather! Nice and cool. Breezy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :)
thanks a lot man!
let's go Spurs
aw, i wanna go to kennywood
Michelle as a real patient advocate- we'd love to know what you think about what we are up to. Please check us out.
#FeelAlive because tomorrow you may be dead.
hah I miss you!
Tuesday night, I'm pretty sure is the first game
otp withh my bella (:
"We’re not electrocuting bunnies in our lab coats. We’re part of something beautiful: cooking.” #Wylie Dufresne
yeah...I'm going to Sweet Frog, I can't handle all these feelings.
Good luck with #pillowfightday ! It's a great accomplishment!
So uh, move to Florida? Kay, love you bye!(:
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries. Stephen King
let the twitter rape-age commence
trust me youll know when im mad im just gettin started boy
Had never heard of this "Call me Maybe" song til I saw both videos
I love this song.!
I work daily to help those w/disabilities today 1 of my guys w/ autism said thanks for never giving up on me It made my day I luv what I do!
On another note, there should be a kids tv show called Satan and Pals.
real similar this past week. Living in south Cali on a gloomy rainy day looks much like the end of planet earth,haha.
i got to get up at 5:00 in morning man
shake dat ass
Same here. I want to buy that issue ASAP. RT This is enough for me to go buy a TVGuide.
Happy third birthday, Thanks for helping to promote books and other multicultural titles!
hi cerrycandies and friends happy tuesday
Agreed! RT : A wonderful movie from top to bottom - writing, production, direction...it's got everything!
I know its early buy Im Loving the way the #Cards are starting out. STL4Lif!!!
Is there any way you can help us get more followers in prep for our EP release? It would mean a lot if you guys would #RT this. -Zach
just curious if we get to see Vital Sign on April 6 in Texas?
And you, , and are sitting here talking about shooting and murdering me. That shows it all.
Check it out, because its fabulous.
The thing I like best about is that there's no pressure to wear makeup. Or matching clothes. Or a bra.
Well Good Night Everyon On Twitter Going To Sleep. Sweet Dreams Everyone
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Derrick Rose has torn his ACL and will miss the of the season, #Bulls announce. /via
Saturday night prom partly cloudy, temps upper 40s to mid 50s! Open toe shoes for Kayla :D
haha we'll see what we can do. We probably have a full load with us unfortunately
Turning on lots of lights again this afternoon in June. Big thunder above upper W. Burnside
Most times, yes. RT : do you post job openings on fb and twitter?
You're welcome! Thanks for following me, as well:) RT : , Thanks for following me, the music unites the world
reframe using improvements to his work experience & hobbies?
Who got them red Deion's?
Everybody's waiting & everybody's watching, even when you're sleeping keep your eyes open.
How does one raise children in a traditional Chinese manner? Does a manner exist?
Opening credits of ultimate ripoff mashup genre buster Golden Queens Commando; music stolen from
A large and loud welcome home for Honor Flight WWII vets at Lindbergh this afternoon. "But we're so old!" one of them says.
i d k its weird maybe my feelings for him are growing liddoh by liddoh.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow my entire future depends on what happens on may 23rd at 10:00 in the morning.
thank you!!!! I'M SO EXCITED!!!
"#Pittsburgh has the diversity in locations stages crew & hospitality. No wonder Hollywood keeps coming back" - S.Gehrke
Great idea! Unfortunately, this will be happening second semester.
Nothing compares to the stomach aches you get from laughing too hard with your best friends.
I'm equal opportunity.
man I'm good when r we getting together?
Win the Race of Life at 180 MPH: Female Motorcycle Racer Invited to...
Let's go Rangers
Enjoy the paradise weekend! I missed your call:-(
congrats Paul
Agreed! And my weekly #FF for who is a must follow if you care for theatre in the least.
Stole car and doing donuts in the Overton parking lot
Discussed 's chapter "On Putnam" tonight in #comm605. Students agree it is very clear and well-written.
It was a pleasure meeting you today ! Your dish at the potluck was so delicious! :)
#FemalesOutHereLookLike over grown bull terriers
you done?
If Michael Vick was destroying little dogs I would've been cool with it.
#randomfact shared genes was the first band on the
“: I've always believed that shots beyond halfcourt should be worth four points.” Agreed.
helpp get austin to follow me tell people to retweet it!
do you read the new Yorker?
Welcome to college, where douchebaggery thrives! I do miss college...
Check out on 4/22 @ 12:30 in the Pan Pacific Amphitheater. Part of our day-long Yom Hashoah: Day of Commemoration event.
LSU's Nichols on response to IT risk: accept, control, share, mitigate or reject URMIA11#
My biggest dream is for to retweet me because it only happens like once in a year but with #16millionbeliebers it's impossible
oh I would love to!!!!
Closer to yes! Almost there! Check out OASIS on kickstarter! It needs your support! You'll receive sweet rewards. Only 6 days left,...
#occupyYourBrain Nothing will change for the better until we change the way we think about things, and change our attitudes towards others.
I still think you look great on single ladies. woo
you think you're cool because you talked to a girl yesterday?!
Spending valentine's with my crooked family.
catching up on EastEnders. :-)
anything for you guys! love working with you and all your family!
We will have Davis, Teague and Lamb soon, give me a few days and i will release the information!
you dont NEED anything but oxygen.
haha i knew that i played somewone last night on wifi that i thought was u lol?
LET US PROCLAAAAIMMMM THE MYSTERY OF FAAAAIIIIITHHHH
Listening 2 motivation... does anyone want 2 b ma motivation
Hey tweet peeps sorry I been MIA for some days just been busy but ya girl back at it......
Nasty heartburn. How to get rid of it?
what did u eat ?
Wish I could see speak @ Marquette University tonight.
I think about a year. Got a big splash and buzz on launch. That's harder outside of Media Central.
Greg/Rany, Can you list the teams that are advocates and the ones that at least historically shy away from long toss
big things happening yall!!! got some major auditions coming up pretty stoked
Three years ago I spent a month in a coma and nearly died. Thank you President for making "pre-existing condition" obsolete
David’s opponents have been relentlessly attacking him with lies and misleading claims. Learn the truth! Check out the issues!
Happy Birthday ! Hope you have a fantastic 2012.
How long yhu on for
Need 2 hop n this shower so I can get 2 this game 1
Loving the light snow this morning! :) Missing winter.
I am going to get copied in on multiple things, u probably won't sleep until 4am, & if u stop tweeting, call 911...got it.
Send Some Drama To Yo Street Im Obama In These Streets
Huzzah! Finally online through cable. The Comcast tech did a great job.
your book is a great starting point for very cool projects. Its my favorite O'reilly book by far.
Quite a succinct and unassuming tweet...
"For the world you may be just one person, but for one person you may be the whole world!
Following the 2 of you, sounds like a rough night for the officials.
it might not be enough room
brb must change shorts.
RT : Owner of tells me he's taking over in Cleveland Park May 7 & turning it into Pulpo, a tapas bar.
Welcome new follower She's rockin beads in her pic, which correlates strongly with throwing candy after Pack TDs.
#ThingsYouShouldNotSay oh there is a white person. Really I thought racism and segregation was over #CalmTheF*ckDown
yayyyay you have an iPhone!
Tell us your best "My first time..." story in a Tweet. Best 140 character "first" gets two tickets to FIRST PRIZE! www.kefproductions.com
I will be there for 5 days. I would love to see your new place!
I have to disagree. Bubba is great, but we said the same about Rory last year. Golf needs several guys to replace Tiger
what kind
Get dibs on great hotel rooms! TripDibs
VOTE FOR NICOLE GARCIA FOR SENIOR CLASS PRESIDENT!
Would love some customer feedback from anyone using Marketo or Eloqua - I'm looking into a automation engine.
No matter how you feel about the streetcar, we encourage you to continue supporting downtown biz and events, like this wkend's 2nd Saturday!
I'm tryna see what I'm about to cook
hates tha cold
Agreement with who God is: Worship. Agreement with what God promises: Intercession.
Hm- nothing quite like the smell of homemade roasted butternut squash soup bubbling away.
Today is Mother's day and tomorrow is My Birthday.. Wow!! Time flies, Goodmorning everyone!
DINNER! YES!
I mentor a 13-yr-old girl through Big Brothers Big Sisters, and she's glued to her smartphone/Facebook as well!
This 14 year old who literally just posts about One Direction is now following my tumblr... Why?
We're already booked for a show that day. but contact Coran or Chad soon and we can work out some details..
Parent teacher conference. Let's see how the kids doing in school
Riding in these mountains, havent had service since yesterday but im back!!
This is a season of restoration. All the things you used to pray for begin to pray for them again. God wants to bring them back in your l…
Today's lineup : Higher Ground, Patang, and Take Shelter
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 321
just sayin u went missing on me
At to finish the EP..... aw yeah!
How you doin' Ted?!
cool, I got scared haha
Haven't Sent Out Yet...Been Busy. Will Do This Weekend
Outdoor bbq today. We will be grilling shish kabobs and chicken satay. Plus we have happy hour from4pm-close in the lounge every day.
Congratulations on your graduation! w00t!
Martel Webster in the Blazers house!
#2s always are better it seems like. Wasn't Shea a #2 pick also?
hey, me too!
I just deleted 300 messages from my work inbox.
Likewise! I'm fully celebrating.
It amazes me how fast became twitter famous!
Saw my man, on Oak St in NOLA. Always a pleasure. The class of college basketball writers.
COME OUT PLEASE :)
That's the spirit!
it makes B&N just look like a petty, spoiled child. It will backfire, but on DC or B&N?
hahahahahaah snack size.
uggh it was sickening tho. I am in 300 over where they took him out. I actually wish I didnt see that live. Hoping for the best!
RT : RT : Stewart touts safety, urges everyone to take a deep breath and stop trying to find blame.
Happy Birthday =)
old man shane
Live a life that inspires your children! Join extrememoms.org today!
Monkey-Nuclolis?? What!!??
Can you explain to me why that wasn't icing? CAN YOU EXPLAIN TO ME WHY THAT WASN'T ICING??!
If you could ask Osama Bin Laden a question, what would it be?
Does Red Bull give you tooth decay?
Power is temporarily off at the Robins Center, Robins Stadium, Atlantic House. Power is expected to be restored by 2 p.m.
Sage tequila, blue poppy vodka, turmeric gin. 6 weeks to go.
Aww, love you too, girl! New studio recorded covers coming within the next week! =]
Avr at blue note tonight with conspiracy of angels. Will be most rockinist show.
I always wanna tweet about how hurt i feel when people lie to me or like talk about me but then i cant do that because ive done it. smh @ me
Don't touch the boat! *Touch* he touched the butt.
'Even the pidgeons look nicer here, oh my gosh!' - I think he digs on Boston
(Okay, so we got mom flowers)
thanks so much:-) needed that 2day
.. troy went to his urban Rangers thing .. yes , finna go to his house & take a nap in his bed !
There is no dark beer anywhere in Hawaii. This is both good and bad.
RT Last Blossom to Ron Roberts for a cakewalk, after months of the prospects of a battle with Donna Frye.
I knew it was you : ) I just didn't know if you were headed somewhere super classy.. like a themed frat party ; )
": Dear parents, go the fuck to sleep. Sincerely, your daughter trying to sneak out." story of the night!
“: ladies... tilt the camera to the left... you wont look so ugly in ur pictures” lmao!!
way too many places. Check out Nick Carr's book called "The Shallows" about what this info overload is doing to us. Pretty good read
Thank you for shipping me!! and for following me!!! :) xox
DAMN! twitters fucked up.... AGAIN!
When did Twitter start offering icons with video? That is so cool!
thats my home you be talking about!
life is good man. even when you think it's total "shit!" the shit is even good in its way. i'm lovin the ride! give me good and all the shit
Anyone left in Austin, come visit the bloodshot party at yard dog. Amazing line up! We'll be here all afternoon.
RT Keep falsehood & lies far from me; give me neither poverty nor riches, but give me only my daily bread. -Proverbs 30:8
JazzSlang: Torch: Used occasionally as description of a song that expresses unrequited love. Nobody could sing "torch" songs like Peggy Lee.
Holy Thunder Batman!
Running errands and spending time with the beautiful !
Hahahaha unsupervised bagel and gogurt fight, yes.
Getting ready for a YallFest panel presentation this morning with Ellen Hopkins, Melissa De La Cruz and my dear friend Marjory Wentworth.
pretty content. Managing inquires is the balancing act.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand "players" that shit is NOT cute.
when i'm done she hold me like a conversation (;
what u doing on weekend? After that May is crazy as u know? U need to meet Steph
It's amazing how your level of arrogance is increasing my the minute.
I found an old beat up electric shaving razor at Goodwill for $2, it sold within an hour for $32 on Ebay. People buy the weirdest things
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
yeah that's cool
I'm gonna miss my friends like crazy this summer.
maybe he's just hanging around another three days so he can make it to number four!
Thanks for da follow sweetheart!!!!!!!!
At Big Daddy's cheering the Toros on!! #TorosNation We believe!!!!
Good advice is often annoying - bad advice never is.
is gmail ever not slow?
lol, just picture that pic we saw at my house, on twitter. You remeber? ;)
Everyone in north hills is eating out tonite.
A 5th grader speaks to save FLES: "I feel learning a new language has opened up a new world for me...why limit a great program?"
You know you broke when having sex to music means one head phone in yo ear and the other one in hers
In Holmgren and Heckert we trust...give Colt some weapons and he'll be fine...No weapons and yes....big gulp
Yo I don't want to go to school but I'm being forced to...iight but dont talk to me cuz I'm not gone wanna be bothered
Just linked your review onto my post at the end under "Others said," sorry I missed it on the first go-round!
tonight is an Olivia Pope night #Scandal. Oh and by the way Happy Birthday to you Ms. Benson Olivia! ✌& much ❤!
Love that! Very fitting!
o! #like I've had smorgasbord today. Like templeton from charlottes web.
Oh! okay :P I think you're probably okay with the 2 for now. Until they make the new version double as a hover board
Is it ever appropriate to say to someone you're friendly with "Do you have a crush on me?"
Aw, I'm sorry! That's so lame. I hope you have a great birthday anyways!!
onions are my arch rival I hate them. Unless deep fried or caramelized
Thanks for all the follows!! I think my dog is a cat in a dog suit. She climbs trees and runs up as far as she can go...
So good to finally meet today! And hear him talk about
in my eyes your everything .. but in your eyes, i'm just a fan :(
If u guys don't hear from me in awhile I'm dead because my wife is driving! Jk.
What a great night at the Central Virginia EMMA Awards at the ! Congratulations to all the winners!
Not always. Full reply via DM
Off back to the crib!!
Never sleep
But she hopes to be back on Capitol Hill by May 1st
though tonight is much cooler than that afternoon
goddamn it M. Night Shamalan, get off Alain's twitter account
Little Women. Wasn't the first book I read. I was too young when my father gave it to me (1st grade) but I WANTED to read it.
Bakon Vodka exists. Where do I sign up?
Seriously SO SO afraid of fire. If we have a candle lit for 20 mins. on the dinner table, that's it for the month for me.
I'm watching that today so I can see the Avengers on tuesday, I just have to grin and bear it
: are you my evil twin?
heck yeah nootropics
I just remember I had a HUGE test that's worth like 50 million percent of my grade, tomorrow. And I thought I was next week!
Hey Yasmine!! I've been praying for you and your family n sister...don't worry she's in good hands and God is watching her!
Hi Bobby, how are you? Yess #BeatTheGiants :D Go
The move FRI in DC for 21+ is #Current 1215 Connecticut AVE NW DC email w/ FULL NAMES & Current as the subject
I'm in St.Tropez If your in St.Tropez, retweet this (now)
I cried over having to get a new semi dress for nothing.. I actually love the new one, hahah.
Too funny RT : It's a gift RT : Some of the mental pictures put in my head by are long-lasting. I.hate.her
The masters and opening day?! God bless America.
I just do! Haha
": aye its better than flowers ha :)" y'all see this? I need new friends!! Lol
Oh..well my car's outside..and not in the garage...awesome.
LOVE LOVE LOVE MY HAIR, omg seriously had a panic attack when she was cutting my sidebangs short
hey i LOVE YOU!!!!!! how are you!? i hope your great. jst wanted to say i think your amazing and hot!! GODBLESS! neversaynever
Zirin DESTROYED YOU
I eat kisses and drink pepsi for breakfast
You must never lose site of your dreams. Consider gymnastics next.
no school day is longer than the Monday after Spring Break!!!!!!
Can summer be here? I miss the pool, baseball, and good times! It's warm but...I love summer!
Oh my head!!! :( Feels like it's gonna pop!! Freaking spring! Smh.
I still want part of nebula as a tattoo, but haven't been able to figure out how I could do it and have it come out well.
Thank you! RT : Happy birthday! :)
depends on what it is
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT - Film Awards and the latest and greatest of our student films! Doors open at 6pm SDSU Powell Theatre 5/19 ttf.sdsu.edu
All these bitches is my son's -Nicki Minaj
At Kathy house with handsome Kaden..!
See you looking sexy in them Jeans got me on ten or eleven
#4famouswords The boy who lived!
Thanks for the RT!
wow I'm so happy. Did he like talk or anything ?
You don't think the #Broncos would sign #Tebow's replacement on 3/16, do you??? : Feels like the start of Phase 2, pimp.
Still working. Still being awesome. So F*ck you.
I might (tho I see Penn's catalog entry also silently fixes). My concern's that older [sic] records'll be missed on searches.
omg hahaha I'm such a blonde :P well, that's nice you're friends with such a good cook :)
confession...it has been MONTHS since my last pin.
Ah. Okay.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in: If you are found guilty of protocol violations, you must make a peace offering, or accept one, from the GROG.
I really love it! “: Remember: A vote for Obama is a vote to send Ted Nugent to jail.”
College presidents, Nancy Zimpher, King Alexander and Tom Snyder on CNN Bottom Line. Discourse about cost is good more needed about purpose
Got all my wrapping done AND reorganized my closet according to function and color while I was procrastinating before wrapping.
Go Memphis! Got a Tony Allen t-shirt, then he slams a nice tomahawk dunk!
Agreed. All I'm saying is that theatres open to a pool of fresh AND established designers = more opportunity + less burn out.
We are happy we could help!
Ha....thanks for the love
haha no...i work for a candy company! it's bc i can dress up and be in costume hehe
Katherine's back - and she has a job offer for Lynnette - in New York.
Got some stuff to do today before my friend's graduation party. Should have started earlier but I enjoy sleep.
Looking for an #expat position / #job in #Singapore in #retail or #marketing I am #fluent in #Vietnamese and able to
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear I hate you alot..... Worst pain ever to hear that being said to you......I'm like "NOO"
I did yesterday. I should probably eat more. Good thing is I like Shalgham a lot!
Didn’t occur to you that I might just like some fucking peace and quiet.
1000 tweet so in light of the occasion it goes to Augustana—Boston
Im not lucky Im blessed :-)
Marcum just shaving-cream-pie'd #Kottaras for his walkoff. Ahaha one run away from MIL having A-Ram @ SS & Gamel @ 3B. That owned thoroughly
Today's has had its ups and downs
destination day and rain? Uhohs.
Lol... Wow fam >>RT : For those who don't know, I can give 2 drops of cat piss about the 1st rd of the NBA Playoffs.
Time to pretend
If you work from home, what are your business hours? Do you work the standard 9-5 or do you have a more flexible schedule?
Game over!! Pack never showed up. Come on Bucky!! Pull one out!
I'm not workin' for the weekend, I'm workin' through it.
One Man's Fight With Google Over a Security Warning
Asking God to "Order My Steps" today
doesn't like the word swaggie.
Eclipse, why can't you automatically sync the workspace with the file system, instead of making me push more buttons?!
Cleveland in February... It don't git no betta
We had a 63 degree day earlier this week. My son had to play outside in snowpants, mittens, boots--the works. Ridonk.
All my friends are leaving. But I still have a screen play, a tv show, and a written exam. Fuck me.
First day of classes went better than expected
I struggle rooting for Spartans even when they are Packers. Just not that mature.
#NeverTrustAGirl who posts nothing except things about attraction, being real, and reasons to make her smile/living only 1 life. Shes a hoe.
video or it didn't happen
yea dont ever wanna fuck with her when she made that girl try & kill her self I wad like damn
i will see what i can do, i will probably forget but i will try not to! yea send me your number plz! ...
good luck in the NBA bro you might be headed to cleveland!!
Does that sound right? This means to the average person, if you go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy
I dont like ratchet females lol
rude girl
And you're lying real still, But your heart beat is fast just like mine.
Lmao i feel it
If you live near Mandarin, Florida check out my booth at the Creative Arts Fair in Mandarin tomorrow from 10 to 4. Http://dmgartstudio.com
Its goin down tonight ME & on the 1's & 2's at !!
I was talking to Alli! I herd you!
not stlutiness allowed !!!
Time to go elbow and knee some people on Black Friday. Woohhaaa.. haa! #stayoutmylane !
Tonight we are young, so let's set the world on fi-i-i-re, we can burn brighter than the sun
Yes. Presenting tomorrow at Speed Innovating, and had 21st Century Skills Task Force meeting today. Say hi if you see me!
That's why the almost got beat.
we look forward to to meeting you.
Glad you're writing. Best of luck with the story! And NYC is great--when will you come up for a visit?
ha ha yea i was sad yesterday kinda i saw it coming
Maryland lawmakers are in a special session. I'm praying they remember what's at stake, education, jobs, and public safety.
I really feel sorry for the woman who have kids who cannot be the Role model they need. The apple don't fall far from the tree .
I am interested in the Brewers.
always on the clock
she got obese made a show which turned out to be Epic fail( 2 make money 4 more food) and croaked back under the rock
RT : Damn last night we got our ass whooped but it's cool tho they still my team
Small Businesses: Keep Grindin' baby. My guy lost his store, he's down but not out. U gotta do, what U gotta do.
Now that's the way to plan a wedding! Best wishes!
Perhaps I'm just being racist, but I don't see any snow.
Is getting ready to reunite with his band mates Mo and D so that some sweet sweet music can be made.
#currentlylisteningto: reel big fish
San Diego: officially the most beautiful place I have ever seen.
Wide awake, brewing coffee. Studying for my human anatomy exam, got to do this! Come on you can do this!!
early bbq's mean early drinks means early sleep
You want a good movie that nobody knows about, get Brooklyns Finest. You'll thank and love me at the same time ;)
Bring on the Cardinals! Oh wait...
apparently Boston has already swept the sixers...how all the analysts have ben acting...pretty sure that series is 1-1
ah...haven't had that yet. Yes! Thnx!!
rocking out to cotton eyed Joe with Eric with the windows down in a mustang
Alternative medicine is still new to most people, with Massage Therapy included. Massage offers restorative, preventative & relaxation
happy #bday and #Wildcats won!! Candles and cake have fun in
And your patrons shall henceforth be referred to as minions.
It feels so comfy to me.Like he is so relaxed and real,we are transported there with them.
RT : Your company is not great if it is not great without you! Jim Collins at Fortune Leadership Summit
Haha, those are great!
over 55 crowd?
“: Osheas is shutting down today.I will miss you,Vegas cathedral of stale beer and filth" -- that's a shame!
Gearing up for the GREATEST Memorial Weekend EVER!! Gospel at The Gallery! May 26th Gospel is taking over DwnTwn Vegas baby!
Tom Crean Looks like an angry Cabbage Patch doll
haha, I don't think I'd know what to do in a situation like that. So, I hope you handled it well.
You'll find some neat stuff at her store.
Happy Law Day to everyone in the legal community!
Waiting for to go on stage at JLL Forecast 3.0
I know!
As a blonde, i'm really ambivalent about #starbucks new 'blonde' ads and flavor. Not sure...
I can text with my phone now, thanks to Tucker! Woo!
how gonna retweet yourself giving positive feedback? Lmao
beautiful day in Pittsburgh, windy and cold but the sun is bright and warm
#ideas2actipn the innovation summit begins!
Love watching the fact that you are more focused on AJ.. and wont have any problems Sunday
think 1834 is too late for Early American History seminoar at the Scholl Center? Debating submitting about the Ursulines.
This weekend ByBy Style Studio is launching ByBy Beautify!
I wonder if #lennykravitz got in a #fight if he'd keep his shades on.
follow me please!!(:
VA Beach! Swimming pools and cookouts! Basketball! This is how Horse Feathers spend our days off
i fucking love you
i can go if you want (:
ok.. now seriously this time, Im going to bed.. good night everyone..
I love
I would buy hair for $20
Super-cool to get mentioned by !
I'm so worried about you!!!
Lets go FLYERS! RT: On way back to the east coast for the holidays! Always great times!
you just funny lol
We're playing the Opolis this Saturday night, come kick it!
Remember that disciplines rely on journal articles differently (humanities vs. medical & science) ,break usage data by discipline
wat happened where did u goo!!!! Lol
Lmao! I don't know if I'll ever get to that point! Just the word lecture give me Vietnam flashbacks! lol
thanks chase!!:) why are you laughing so much?!? Lmao
Have you ever stayed at the Biltmore Mansion in Asheville, NC???
Any time you want to get drunk and hit the streets, I'll be buying the drinks, or at least the first 5 drinks
I'm on a roll with it for the last 7days or so. Hang in there
people on twitter convice me that this will all be worth putting up with
lol! It's a good song!
A7 Washington Nationals mug that was given at gate and had a new special each inning. Kept it beyond the game.
Felt first kick
They won't go far. Even after this game.
RT Chillin With One Of My Great Vampire Bredren And His Awesome Iguana. LA Kings Gods Spoken Through Our Presence
I am the number one cook for kfc...i am the best and fastest cook..i do my job very well.....
I stole a naked juice from safeway and then I drove back and paid for it, that's why you don't drink it when your shopping
Jan. 9-2 PM-Balloon Museum "Sabotage in the Arctic: Fate of Submarine Nautilus and its North Pole Rendezvous with the Airship Graf Zeppelin"
almost as much as the guy who invents the undetectable steroid.
. Love is Pain !
Such a beautiful day down at Burleigh Beach !
promotions via
"Life as we know it" by Allstar Weekend = new favorite song.
Aw this is sad
Shot out to my homie for and his rehab center for getting me back right
is looking for baby swings, dancewear, and strollers. Clear some space in your closet for a clean start to the school year!
Weeping may endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning.
Then you can decide if the advice should be used before you jump out the window!
"Happy Mother's Day" from your family at Melloy Dodge!
Def agree on that count ... WOW
TenacityCircusArts.com is launching on the 23rd! Check it out!
UGH ALL OF MY HEART IS SO GOOD IM CRYIN
Third audition of the week! I'm pretty stoked, blessed, and ready to rock!
Google's new organic algorithms have really given SEO only practioners a reason to consider a new profession. Score: Google 1 & SEO Firms 0
so....the trendy teams.....gotcha
“: After Herb Welsh finishes his report it's then Update.”<<-- god lets hope we get there quick.
At the studio gettin it in almost about to wrap it up tho but come check me out!!
If you know of any awesome Austin Office space available for programmers send me a holla. Thanks.
Still no podcasts? So hurting.
Looking for classic, prototype MKE Backyard deck patios, 50's 60's era homes, South Side. Film Location = $$ Lemme Know. !
"Hugo" is now by far my favorite 3D movie I have seen...Ava-what?
A5: no, I haven't completely told a story through pics, just used them to enhance the blog. I will try it though
College wide awards begin, presented by Dean Lori Bergen. Congrats fellow students!
guitar lessons. And going to a studio will cost me $300 for about 8 hours. And that would come out of my pocket and not his.
Just had two of your cookies for breakfast. SO GOOD.
party saturday still???????
but. its for the fans that love you and will always be behind your work of art.
You ain't sexy and we all fucking know it.
I'd rather be sweating like a hog like I am today, than freezing to death! Any day of the week!
We couldn't agree more! We may have to make that our new slogan.
duh I want to! I'm hurt you didn't invite me in the first place..
RT : Any relationship you plan to keep, you must maintain.
Butterin' toast and pourin' juice Children's Hospital
We have a GREAT sale on spas until September 25th! Stop by and check it out!
bye ain't no one show&& off...so we goin bowling of skating ???
are you taking an info vis class this semester or is this for fun/research?
Definitely didn't do that seminar questions hw . . . Oh well I know it well enough to be able to fake it (:
First gallon of water down! Cooking chicken then GTL & hit yoga...
You can fall for pretty stangers and the promises they hold.
yeah I have pool playoffs Friday so if we win Friday gotta be back Saturday at 1. No way I'll get out of there on time to go.
Butler starts the half with another 3 pointer!
I need to bring my dance clothes!
No :c
I'm so stunned right now.
My plan this week is to start haunting the local liquor stores. For moving boxes, of course.
What's your St. Patrick's day story?
will check it out J
”B.A.S.I.C. is a lifestyle, your antidepressant”
looking forward to a much needed vacation with family and wondering what 2011 will bring...
Oh man i am so full! Happy thanksgiving
Snatch piece
Got to commerce early today for the 10k main so decided to play some 3/600 in the downtime. time to freeroll that buy-in!
Out of the shower,its late so might as well go to sleep.
our biggest competition is ignorance, indifference, and indecision.
ok. Thought as much but wanted to chk.
Last time I saw one of these, the system was highly unstable. Not sure if due to OS having extremely limited hardware support?
So are you getting the shoes?
That typewriter needs a middle name. How about Neale?
I'm really going to miss it here. I had a wonderful time & I really don't want to go. :( I love my cousins we had a wonderful time
Anyone else out there love this time of year? Fall, with the leaves coming down and the slight chill in the air. And Football!!!!
Just finished 1/2 hour of yoga and feel wonderful and energized. Remind me again why I don't start every day this way...
People never tweet me.. Make me feel so sad lol
agree with your assessment...I think my favorite is Gwyneth.
Happy to hear it, Sarah! We look forward to becoming not just your new favorite app but favorite app of all time.
Rebel America Inc. lands song placement for MTV's 10 on Top. Congrats to Songwriter Tiffany Parker!
ya own family don't fuck wit u. Nigga cried cause Rodney ain't put him on his team. No that's my brother, bitch.
Ur personal #coachella Forecast: Fri: Very windy w/showers, 71. Sat: Mostly sunny breezy & mild, 69. Sun: Sunny, 79! RT? :o)
But, to drive real scale and impact (say: 10K students, 1M lenders), how do you create relationships?
didn't know you played golf and soccer for UK. That is awesome.
I don't wanna deal with you right now.
I didn't realize there was more than one either. I guess #saa2011 is more of a guideline
haha meat did better than we expected and was behaved better than most of the ppl...
no! The outtakes! Saw we had about 22,000 views on YouTube the other day. #ghamtv ah
hate to see anyone hurt
you're better off mail order... i get most of mine that way...
Legit methinks.To thine own feed be true. RT legit to follow people and yet tweet not yourself?
Why do I feel unappreciated???????????
Good first performance tonight!! Thanks to for coming even though I didn't get to see you! :)
At work these little kids geek me
What we're doing takes so much effort and work...BUT WE WOULDN'T HAVE IT ANY OTHER WAY!
We HAVE to take a road trip! You're under contract to do it ... lol
Type of things I like
#Monocle 24 is surprisingly good, but they need to work on increasing the variety of their music playlists.
Prayin for my grandma , I lovee her so much ❤
She said life isn't about smoking weed & fuckin Bitches, GROW UP
Eating and watching Football!
I live in the fucking hood but my landlord drives a Beamer. Do I even have to say it?
Follow back?
Trust the reality that you have in your heart chase your dreams never let someone opinion change you have faith in yourself gotdammit....!
I am a fan of premium denim jeans Joe's, True Religion, Citizens of Humanity
