thanks for the follow! Keep on rocking Dave!
that awkward moment when you get nervous when The New Directions go to nationals
Followed everyone back :))) if I missed you tell me x
At the last monthly board meeting in the old clubhouse...
Giving thanks to our Creator for centuries of sacred Motherhood synergy that seers our lives w/love that fibers our being w/ favor. © dmp
sure DM me
Great quote! “: "A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams." ~ John Barrymore”
A year ago today was one of the saddest day of my life. I miss you, Jimmy.
thanks ..lol that's not my phone number now I have on it ... I moved so its different now lol
Pun intended
yeah, they also have a HUGE selection of cheap but badass glasswear made for specific types of wines + beers
Tell something good about me,lots of things plz :)
hey you jump in this ride !!!! ;P
Couldn't see the #SuperMoon because of clouds in DC
Bored once again
bet is jealous of that! Be careful hazza;) hehe
THANK YOU!!!! for sharing our kids needs!
Just what I wanted! RT : Spent my normal Twitter time shoveling! Happy Valentine's Day, ! 😜
FUN FACT: St. Drunken's mother was a maid to a noblewoman's maid.
Googled piano sheet music, sat down to play and realized I can, in fact, use an iPad. An HP laptop just ... doesn't sit well on a piano.
Florida, US <3
go lower
and Austin?
he's single
Vote totals keep changing in Supreme Court race. Latest numbers show Prosser opening up his lead. Still very early.
im glade to see 18 and see 2012 thats a blessing
Plume is some bullshit, but I've gotten too used to it to change
k. Glad to hear that. So, come to my house
hey what's up?
Mama told me that if you can't say something nice about an overall Coachella lineup, don't say anything at all. So _____
The spirit of Christ is the spirit of missions; and the nearer we get to Him, the more intensely missionary we become. -Henry Martyn
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.
sure. You know I can get more girls tho. Seriously. Just stop ✋
nigga u need to hear my new shyt
lmao order that shit for saturday
Such a word filled day. Time to make a massive mess in my kitchen :)
Overheard in the newsroom just now: "You know what it smells like? My mother's roast."
Just realized I'm missing my Lakers' game two of the playoffs to see you in concert tomorrow. Feel special. :) x
oh wow! Congrats!
im not bullying you. :/ if I said I wanted your body, would you hold it against me?
MY EMOTIONS RIGHT NOW RT : Just finished the las Vegas now. Now hanging out with , lovely bloke! Say hi
agreed! thanks heather!
Congrats for running in the St. Jude's Country Music Marathon today!
lol no lie, I was going thru my ties this week wondering where they all went, you, & each have 1 lol
Those of you with : WHY HAVE YOU NOT BEEN SPOILING THIS WHOLE TIME?! #DoctorWho Looking at you,
I recently had "cannibalism"... I think it was on a Yahoo CAPTCHA. Sounds like a trending topic to me.
Mom: are you going out tonight? Me: no. Mom: oh, is it because you have no one to go out with?
I am thankful for having a job right now and want to pray that all those who are looking or not happy with theirs, keep the faith
If there was no death in Garden of Eden, where did God get skins to clothe Adam and Eve? (Genesis 3:21)
: (*laughs*) i would assume so! [i don't actually know this band; a friend of mine knows someone in it, & was telling me about it.]
i still can't believe that today was breast cancer awareness day at busch stadium. and on the 13th. my grandma was definitely with me 🎀💗
I am Tired!!
#ASH11 Gotta love getting a free massage especially foot while walking around the Exhibition hall - Booth 647.
That should go without saying. Who wants to get on a subway with couture?
I haven't sampled anything yet. Feedback from our partners is very positive.
ATEC/EMAC showcase is on 4/20/11. Deadline for entries is 3/23! If you've got ideas, you want in on this. More details coming tomorrow...
Ah! Super busy rush at the store! Nothing like slinging tons of coffee to get the old blood pumping!
Imma just stick with Chocolate. Vanilla is good to look at and all, but I'm good..
Thank you egg salad sandwich and two pringles for making me puke. I didnt want to be at work anyway.
Happy Wednesday! Half way to the weekend! :)
#DFWRhinos, do not despair!! There is still time!! Keep writing! We'll get there!!
so he jst ruined my whore day with that shyt
that and the White album are where it's at broski
Don't lose ya boobs
man workin my but off. You
yes it is
Helping kids print off pictures for projects. Frustrating that different computers have different versions of Word.
#NYGiants win today is a proud moment in my football watching career.
"Use technology to make human time precious." Great quote by
Haha gotcha. Maybe a book of quotes.
i followed follow back
Preparing for this weekend in Washington DC! Yippee!! We'll be bringing our new t-shirts too
Peace to T-Man and the hosts at ..thanks for a wonderful interview...You all are good people..I C it already!
Dinner is cooked 4 2morrow its my brother RIP SMOOVE 24th Bday!!! Love u lil brother & miss u so much!
Who likes my backround picture? (; <3
Saying "I couldn't control myself" is like the old Flip Wilson, "The devil made me do it." While funny...it's not true.
Wld takin a shot b4 my photoshoot b considered drinkin on the job??
Chilling with Obama.
also twitter needs to figure out DM notifications. for real. i keep getting old dms marked as new
Lets take a trip to Louieville so I can get Debo to shut up about how no one visits. Miss you and the village!
Thanks - we're proud of our accomplishment and flattered at the same time.
Great thanks to the Denver Sports media -- great coverage of the NFL Draft. Now get some sleep!
Looking forward to it! Thank you!
Best of Bacon #2: Asparagus w warm bacon Brie dressing
Thanks, , for following!
lol don't get off For An few days stay on
From Twin-City Sentinel July 7, 1917 about Reynolda: "Rocks, rocks, rocks..." were everywhere.
the screen is the mirror and the page
I've been hibernating again. My sleep abilities are returned. This is probably a sign my brain chems are happy once again. Troopers, <3.
Ah, the perspective of youth. :-)
. Would like to interview you for What's the best way to get in touch?
hey....stop and hug your dog!!
Got mine at target in madison... Try there?RT : Anyone know where I can get an #ipad2 in #MKE? Is Radio Shack carrying them?
Easier said than done.
Stopped by 2night for dinner in Temecula, Ca. & met the most disengaged service staff ever. Great Food, Bad Experience Wow!
Oh my god. I hate being put on hold.
Go follow herr!! (:
flying to CanCun tonite on the RedEye spending Easter on the Beach!!! Happy Easter weekend all!
Having and withdrawls. :(
no problem!! have a blast!!
Its My BIRTHDAY!
I shall see you soon!!
a little from column A, a little from column B
I have great respect for organizations that take the time to say 'thanks, but no thanks.' In my experience, this has been rare.
my aunt passed!!!! Where the hell you been??????
Club Med seminar tonight at Eddie Merlot's.
if you are what you eat, this week i'm a banh mi sandwich.
RT : Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve ~ Napoleon Hill
:o the world may never know.
gus and i are having our 1st date night pretty much since the babys been born tonight! WOO! :] im gonna have me a drank lol
Mad hungry.. Ready to go home :) #sandwich time
Gonna have a grilled cheese for lunch in honor of the homie Big Handsome. Happy Birthday!
missed it :( but in sure there will be a bagillion tweets with videos lol
Heard was in my hometown of New Bern today. He better not have went to the factory - that is for locals only!!!
daytime television sucks
Orlando, actually!
I can imagine you sitting there thinking what the hell are they talking about? :P
Nope because it was with my fiance. But she cheated on me and now I'm a female pleaser. So it worked out fine for me! lol
i need that say 10 hat super cool :P
- Sorry, I'm a little behind on my Twitter replies. Things are good, Jeff. I'll call u and share. How goes your music project?
#ICanHonestlySay that I have a love/hate relationship with moneys.
Holy produce batman! #RawFood Challenge grocery shopping complete!
Anyone know anything about home networking?
Last night,she danced with the devil on pointe.He told her she moved like an angel.He said this was the first time that he missed his wings.
that's awesome haha
In meeting. Got in late due to traffic.
we're your license plates stolen? You lost me at 900 police officers
My 1k tweet goes out, as a shoutout, to the greatest woman I have ever known. My wife and best friend
He had learned over the years that poor people did not feel so poor when allowed to give occasionally. - Lawana Blackwell
We're excited! RT Del Mar Hilton bridal show on Thursday April 28~ should be a very relaxing, fun night ~
Anyways.. Im so classic!
long as you wear pants you're good :)
I'm working with new Red Cross shelter workers tonight on a shelter simulation exercise. Training 10 days before Xmas = dedication!
V-Twin Expo almost here!! Will you be there? Stop by booth #792 and chat with industry pro's about protecting your ride.
omg chocolate pudding
#action - it's more fun that way. Thinking, regretting comes later
So you're completely shaved down there?
Six flagss opens may 5th! :D
Hey Paul, thanks for the follow, Cleveland Rocks!
Pick one from Philly.
Conveyor of brief t-storms cont to move through for areas/spots mainly north of I94. Esp north Waukesha, south Washington and Ozaukee
can you follow me back pleasee
This shit is making me mad.... -___-
Tried to tough it out at work, but I'm pretty sure I have the flu. Home now. Hoping I can sleep and feel better.
One of my favorite writers retweeted me! I'm marking out!
you left me to cry myself to sleep every night
Lost four pounds over night? Weird but keep it coming!
Don't lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night.
how was hell? math?
haha that's great! :)
No doubt
callie should penny loafers always have a penny in them
Lmao like omg your VGA cable is so big hahaha
Very disappointed that they didn't keep Manning. He's a class act and showed it at the press conference.
Yes! I feel like nude pretty much goes with anything...
jealous! Lol. It's chicken wrap night here. :)
Happy Birthday to the man!! Bleed Black! #TBLO#
Eating me some yummy frosted flacks
Q1 Once teachers realize that online Britannica is as good as print, we'll be OK. Oh+getting all kids comp. access would be good.
follow , i think you'll really like it
try rubbing a little dimetapp in her mouth with ur finger
what size do you wear?
lol, mines are illegal
Northwestern Dodge and west central Fond du Lac county under a Severe Thunderstorm Warning until 10 am.
On tonight's Big Bang Theory Raj thinks he has overcome his fear of talking to women, tune in at 6:30!
BTW I'm
Stomach is hurting so bad right now like ugh.
Cousins and RG I? Seems like overkill to me.
lol..is that why u up?
It has been... It has been...
Nightly shout out to Your awesome and me and think you are the best!!
I MISS HANNAH :(
If I'm home by 7:30am I can stay c;
over it! My bad! Go 83! Again my bad
Why is it that I always get lost no matter what when leaving manhattan? Brooklyn and I are still working out our differences ..
I'm so jealous!
Wow!!! That was the best game i've seen in a while. Go thunder! If you missed the last minute, you missed it!
Napalm's such a G
Why yes! Mwah-ah-ah-ah!
lolol. GUYS REMEMBER HIM?! He prob is mad cause Dylan's not gay and won't date him. Sorry b!
i don't even know why i bother -____-
VERY Pebbles Flintstone!
Come in and let me do your hair! I need to fill my books this week and next!
While traveling - Discover not only the country you are visiting but as well a little bit more about yourself.
Juke Box Hero..
"Be open, honest & transparent" - I don't think I'd have a problem with that
The flurry of tweets about dumping Instagram is amazing. Take that, Facebook!
How strangely silent Hollywood is on the situation in the Gulf! I'm not suprised sellouts are usually afraid to bite the hand the feeds them
Twitter should add a tracking tags feature like tumblr. That way you can see when people tag something You like.
Mascots go everywhere you want to be. They get media attention that can't be bought. We'd love to make a Quaker! He an icon!
Thanks for such an awesome review! We are so glad you had such a great experience. You will definitely have to come back soon!
THANK YOU!!! Ima be like "London girls are prettier, remember" But I ain't mad though, Lol
i got 2 min left on my last 10 min break...got this far...might as well finish it..hey did your mom get you the permit test with?
“: Listening to this dope cd by ”
Cole world
Bout to see mike epps
That look he gave me <<<<
My new album being broke is a sin drops tomorrow.. Free INSTORES and Online 2mrw.GET READY!!!
follow back? :-)
I'm watching Roland Guerin at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012
Ah, but you would not wear it as well as does. :-)
Like a hanger, we may be crooked; but God’s grace can straighten anything.
Squeasel and I are watching The Fabulous Stains on Netflix ondemand.
How much was the cyclone?
I go into the living room and Adrienne's watching The Nigthmare on Elm Street..I haven't watched this since I was 5..it traumatized me. o.o
If we could get #chatwadrianday trending, it'd make my week. cc
I'm totes wearing bright red lipstick too
Man time is goin by to damn slow!!!
so hungry but i can't find shorts so I don't want to come out of my room....
Behind every great man is a wonderful woman
Lift high the cross the love of Christ proclaim let all who sing proclaim His glorious name.
Save 20 Percent on This Sophisticated Houndstooth Dress! We 've been crazy about houndstooth lately, and everybody from Lady Gaga to Kim
so far so good, but this is a very challenging period...
I didn't
#ABDC IS BACK! LET'S GO SEASON 7
haha I'm serious..we was at da beach
"but nothing shakes me like your love does." <3
Are you currently HP P4000 certified? Would you like to be?
#FF b/c he's new to twitter, it's his bday, and his film just screened at the MPLS film festival - YAY!
my dads side of the fam are a bunch of Chelsea lovers, moms side lives up by Manchester (but yes I am from London)
I had the sunroof open today while driving. Insanity.
in contrast, Harkes makes it sound ridiculously hard.
Hollywood weight loss with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
I love how I'm getting mobey my first day back :')
Texas pollen and allergies: vengeance is mine
TY4RT TIME IS NOW only 3 days left to raise funds to get this documentary to Capitol Hill! ... fb.me/19PGCdIBD
Thanks for your interest in Dive! The DST really appreciates it! Follow the band officially
that's so sad. I miss it:( and going through her closet getting all those skirts and dresses and high heels playin dress up.
thank you for all your support!
I'm sorry 
University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
The Mission Inn in #Riverside one of a select group of SoCal hotels & resorts to receive the 2012 A Four Diamond Award...
I don't leave until the end of May.. I'd love to see you
Half the house has no power.. Why does it have to be the side with my room & the internet?
A Thousand Flat Toes: The Ballet RT : A Thousand Plateaus: The Musical
I don't work but, the money I do have is for funiture my daughter bills. I know how 2 fix this problem!
Now offering rates for web design services, that beat the industry averages. Email for details.
“: "Losers have to suck the winners toes"” being completely serious
Call (800) 349-4824 for a FREE DIAGNOSIS . . . We don't bite!
thanks very much! Just wait till its all done!
looks and sounds like you are having fun !!! Enjoy :)
you guys should follow me cause today is my birthday and that would be the BEST gift :)
Today’s junior jerk, tomorrow’s senior partner
Ask not what your country can do for you. Ask what your country has done to you.
Good choice!
i wish someone would do something nice for me
#LastTimeIChecked Money was still the subject
Holly Cheever DVM: Amer Veterinary Medical Assoc supports horse slaughter, "plays for the other team." advocate wisely!
Mayweather is so full of himself.
follow back <3
You are welcome. 're cute <3 ;)
We’re starting in Mexico and ending in Kentucky! Cinco de #Derby Pub Crawl action all day. Salud!
you and me, we don't "follow". Not our style.
don't cry
Having, hopefully, a dumb moment - I can't find the #Brewers game on Uverse
Listening to while driving home! Hopefully I'll get to catch the show tonite! :)
Thanks for shout out! RT : RT : Interviews CEO & Chandan Board Member Bill Hoffman...
ahh the simple things in life :)
Don't blame ya! Wanted to do the same, but needed to get a proposal done first.
Whatever you say man. Haha. And her name is Alex. I'm pretty sure she is following you. :) You didn't scare her, don't worry.
Try the green and the red chile sauce - on everything! They are deliciously and distinctly different. Fan of both!
GO TO MY WEDDING NOWWW
take the bus yo
If you're saying that the rain isn't cuddle weather then you most likely are ugly, short, and don't/won't have anybody to cuddle with
I'm SO excited (: I'm not gonna lie !
No lie, no lie, no li e i e i
Does your prom commitee need help with coordinating your prom. If so, have them contact Audra 2day... No time to lose. 1(857)203-1690
I'm gonna start making Dr I'm Brad comic strips again
Wonder what kind of elective trepanning services are available in PDX.
Jogged 1 mile to the downtown dallas YMCA... Liftin weights day 1 of warped tour. Possible and showing up?
yeh i'll just get what's legal ctfu cause my car will def stand out with all my yankees decals! 🚗 🚓🚓 💨
"Whichever one turns my poo green." - How I order a snowball
When I'm sleepy you can't hold anything I say against me. Anything could come out.
PRed again today!
I agree! Stimulating the mind is quite exciting.
Most def. Love my daily dose of Panda.
anybody know why prescription drug commercials have started to linger on side effects? for whatever reason, they really milk it.
Is it okay to be home sick? :-\
Most data will never be seem by humans, even with armies of undergrad data slaves G. Djorgovski
I'm having a bit of trouble with the language. Sometimes feel like there are words left out of the dialogue. Still enjoying it tho!
I want to go to a Laker game soon! :(
Ah...missed
omg I really missed a lot !! Thank u for the information my dear, I'm going to watch it !! ;)
Hey , how about a little less sexual harrasin' & and a little more helpin' out ole Bev over here
Best part of this would be the ice cream.
Listening to Tiesto this Monday morning...just call me
Waiting to hear #Newark Mayor speak at #yeshivauniversity college tomorrow
If you come at me foul please be expecting me to come right back at you with a FLAGRANT, I HAVE NO TIME 4 THE BELIGERENCE OF YOUR INSOLENCE!
New followers you are all followed back! Thank you so much!
Tears of joy here! QT : Are you proud of me that I'm tweeting?
I hate the new Facebook
Lawd the way my day going...uh
This is the video that made me decide that we would be the best of friends.....
Fred The Movie may be the most annoying thing i've ever seen.
The AER NJ conference is more than decent. It's one of the best ones! I want to go myself!
And now there is some fucking piece of engine missing?? Not psyched to spend the night in Baltimore or Minneapolis. This day was 2 good?
Hah! Awesome. If they are still open slip over to ICOB for a platter of oysters. Best in the city.
especially since its not opened/released 2 the environment until you open it ((:
What's going on Sis? Will check out your show!
“ Money is dà root of evil i guess I'm da devil den”
thank you Lance! :)
School now bye.
AWWW! You guys are too cute! "You should be playing Sims and trying to figure out how I can move in." -
yo so whats goin on superstar? how did everything go?
Hoping to have some pics where I'm not crying
Just contributed to 's spring pledge drive in honor of the great #waltbodine -- a Kansas City icon. Thanks Mr. Bodine!
Groovy! Have fun!! Thanks for the retweet!
Who knew that printing on recycled paper is out of fashion! Well, we're doing it because we Love the Earth!! Yay!
Dempster's been long overdue for an inning like this, just like Cubs were long overdue to score for him.
hahahaha I totally agree
I love the life I live. so grateful for what I have right now. Also how I life!!
Sometimes Minnesota nice is exhausting. Please - just come out and say what you want to say!!
Yo post-game for Tre Kronor, you wanna finish yourself?
Down In the 45 shooting the last scenes to the new Paintman video "BIG"
lets see how many bottles i can pop tonight,already call the kush man
Part of me wants to talk to you every day, but the other part never wants to talk to you again..
Wow, really douche? I got you. You're acting like a little boy. Grow up and be a man.
Boar Sausage today! Will be closing early around 2:30nd headed to Last Thursday on Alberta. Be there till 930p
Redneck family reunion in the dunkin' donuts parking lot
U would think the airlines would figure out you need to fuel a plane BEFORE departure time
Great meeting yesterday with (www.redapes.org). Looking forward to joining forces and spreading the word about Philibert's Nénette!
Free show tonight! 9 pm. 3 sets of HOT music! Get down to Arnolds and get yo drink on!
nice pic. your bro back?
What is Tom #Izzo's future @ #Michigan State? WWW.USSPORTSPAGES.com
i just made the mistake of reading this tweet to my wife ...thanks
planes trains and amazing movies!
sorry, there is no talent in DC.
yeah she plays bball but instead of vball she wants softball
WHERE is this place?? I'll be back in Atlanta tomorrow and I want one for lunch tomorrow. Thanks 4 sharing.
Had a great meeting with Cynthia & Robert from and hope that we can form a great partnership in Practicum.
#Nobutreally how do middle schoolers acquire more relationships in one year than I've had in my whole life
I like Marco Estrada but he's not a starter, he's a better reliever
from : If you're not a product person but an idea person, go get a product person and build it out!
2nd way I will inspire my burned out kid? Help him write a plan of "attack" - how to accomplish his goals.
Haha! I like it then. Shoot for the stars!
mhm. well he asked me if he wanted to go to da movies with him. and he was so obviously flirting with me. dnt tell him i said this!
Failure is not an option
Friends is by far the GREATEST show EVER made! I wish they were still making episodes! I'm sick today and I'm watching ever season? Umad?:)
probably snapped too much! :-)
Mus-who?? #overit, love that our defense came to play!!
Had the best time at the movie with , my sis and Michael. Don't ever go to the movies w/ us unless u like LOUD SPOILERS ;D
hey buddy, when is a good time for us to swing by and grab the goods?
Silver ecstasy.
RT : what are you doing between Wang and Altuzarra?
Work today!! oh joy -_-
Cleaning out the XBOX friends list to make room for people who will actually play online with me.
plz follow me VINNY u mean so much to me my brother and sister my brother gets made fun of for dancing but he
you will be when you start playing temple run!
Invest some time & energy in shopping around for the right realtor to meet your needs!
If you can't go to a yard sale with me chances are we can't be friends.
Watching our congressional representatives asking questions, you feel why its approval rating is 9 percent.
and that is?
Looks like if I get the flu theyll compare it to MJs flu game. Theyre just throwin comparisons round out there
Weird. In my head dialog = computer, dialogue = human interaction. Like theatre the art vs. theater the building.
Well then can you come to the NW side to eat the ones that are dive-bombing my screen? I have work to do..
A new study shows that a left-handed person is more likely to develop schizophrenia over someone who is right-handed.
Question and answer sessions never really seem to have questions in them....smdh
aye big bro nd big sis, Prom is Friday
“: Good man! Shot 86 at Shawnee today....Windy as hell!”nice round, didn't get out myself. Hope to soon tho.
Ayyyeee its on this #Summer : you'll be slim.. ill be slimmmmmerrrrr hahaha
i'm totally overloaded with projects, but happy to take a look if there's anything that needs spot attention
marketingdomination.blogspot.com does anyone know a restaurant who would like to be on the 1st pg of Google for whatever keywords they want
Cintolo, DiMasi's lawyer, emphasizing days in which there were no calls between Lally and
im starting to draw again! ^_^
Auditions continue TOMORROW for #Neighborhood3 Bring your resume and headshot to Des Moines Social Club for a cold reading audition!
Just sent 2 16GB SD cards through the washer and dryer..No, not on purpose..Stuck them in my camera & they still work.. AWESOME!
I'm in the same situation with my new product Writing a script for a video this week.
actually it went well. He understood that we are just friends. I only like or love him that way. Nothing more.
Heading off to my last class of my last fall semester ever!! So exciting :)
I do these things for your protection I don't want you to feel like your gonna get hurt
I'm working on an ebook & information for homeschoolers helping them help their kids become successful. Keep looking for a list of traits.
The nurse's job is to help the patients get well or help them to die. -Peggy Anderson
“: Who won out of the Lakers and thunder??”lakers
Lets go Mavs!
A nice Tuesday morning surprise to see I've been followed-back the one and only Double Dizzy. Here's to a great week.
GOT A BAD BITCH, NOTHIN BUT BUTT. MONEY TALK FO ME SHUT THE FUK UP!
Let's go ATL
It's amazing how music can help you get through things and make a horrible feeling disappear.
ok cool
always go w ya gutt feelin...
RT "It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believe in myself." - Muhammad Ali
Girls night out
fellow prospect researchers' consensus on cuil is THUMBS DOWN.
congrats lady!! San Fran is lucky, but I will miss you terribly!
Welcome Courtney! Let us know if we can help make that happen Erich!
Do share.
Hey , thx for adding new flights to your #Lauderdale 2 DC and LGA routes. Smart move!
God made you so0 pretty! xoxo
thanks Kyle! I posted it on Facebook. Congrats on the House of Blues show! Take care.
bout to go watch tv
#Totalblackout to funny!
The only reason I want to have kids is so I'm not the only asshole at the family reunions.
“: Channing Tatum: i'm your husband, you were in a car accident.. Me: OK. #asdfghjkl :))))”
- yeah. Best band ever. And that drummer, kicked ass.
i have a middle name. Noe. -___-
Wish I didn't work so I can watch this game
- my pleasure. thanks for the ideas!
Excuse me...I'm sorry to bother you...but I just had I tell you... love your voice.
RT : Web designs hit up > www.djchino.net
So proud of all K Studio Company dancers! An awesome night ! I love to see our growth on stage...amazing stuff!!!
I need more followers who wants to help me:)
#mkesnow sparkling! Gorgeous out, still, sunny (almost too bright at points), great shadows and drifts to look at!
I love getting a sweet goodnight over the phone ~
I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago.
Dutch-Bangla Bank wins the ‘best mobile banking’ award
What I want for this week? To get a nice or sweet tweet from that he truly means <3
True Blood gets true religion: Godric=power of God, St. Godric cared for the weak, Sookie watched Godric burn ecstatically
I don't expect #packers to bring in , but it'd be nice. Just not TT's style.
no its just you lmfao i think you hit a nerve
21 days to the desert
might Hammond go after any other big FAs this summer?
ugh. its whatever though
I heard a girl as I was walking my dog bitch on the phone about how she was "only 20 minutes late bra". Seriously.
Sandler is making GrownUps 2. Should start a petition protesting any airline that shows this.
His niche is in drug enforcement in the #Baltimore City PD. Major Russell of the Eastern District...
That makes you very awesome:) RT : haha, I'm from Michigan. :)
All of a sudden Im hot....
For those keep asking, its true I did interview Sir Richard Branson during my time as a Tech Conference host, no we are not in business!
Ha! U crazy man! RT : Do we need to verify that verification? #twitterpayoff? HA! Congrats.
Glad you found me! Just work & going to school in Arizona. What about you? Are you done at AC?
#SomeoneIWantToMeet perfect music.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.” ~Aristotle
I went to bed at 9p and had 2 cups of tea. I think that has something to do with it here.
Happy one year birthday to the cutest, sweetest, most intelligent baby boy Kieran. (with Chris and Kieran)
I got a dirty mind, I got filthy ways.
Cool split screen, as talks to while PhilGil took bike change, Nice hand-sling though
okay! I'll ask tomorrow! :)
Alex Rios WITH THE HUSTLE
I hate how quick my nerves an be recked
RT : Gr8 companies support communities RT : Raymond James is title sponsor of April 27-28 open house!
Both kids are sick(and on antibiotics), and the dog wont stop puking. I think its time for a martini.
haha yeah so much fun! When r u coming back to Cali?
TSOI-NY caught BIG AUDIO DYNAMITE Fred Armison and Matt Pinfield were spotted by this celeb hound. TMZwatch out!
LAX workers protesting horrendous work conditions. #MayDay #mayday2012 one week hunger strike & 12 people to be arrested during civildisob-
two words: Bring. It.
Back in VA...thanks travel companions , , , and
I really don't care.:)
I got it running! Thanks :)
I love frozen fruit
You Will Need No Other Accessories With Henna Covering Your Body! This video will bring you up to date!
Who thinks I can make it to 100 tweets and who the 100th tweet will go to??(:
The Steal my Idea winner should get a championship belt until the next
Tough decision time for , once again so glad we're not the judges!
Just changed the font on my phone. It looks so cool! Hahaha (: But, im heading to bed! Night everyone! <3 xx
Anyone else have the sudden urge to start laughing while your parents are yelling at you? Or is that just me?
#Lyra12 shannon cross says tablets are going to stay.
Sounds fun. Happy to engage if it makes sense to. Let us know...
Messed up my grilled cheese. Oh well ima eat it anyway
RT : Just looked at some fab new spaces for Dash in Miami! Can't wait for the new Miami Dash store!
The Kasabian songs airing tonight on Last Call will be "Days Are Forgotten" & "Club Foot". Tune in tonight!
I know who it is!
great match tonight... Damn right I paid to see Compton...fuck Ryder
Dog pile at the end of spring show with the best team of OC cheerleaders. ❤ \m/
A #daughter is just a little girl who grows up to be your
It is official, I will be going to #MICA for their Curatorial Practice #Graduate program. Class of 2014 baby, watch out #Baltimore!
What happened?
RT : A ship in a harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are built for. ~ William Shedd
Al Qaeda hid attack plans in porn. Because no American would look there.
Was in Target today & walked sideways into the aisle of Xmas. There is such a thing as too early.
The Name Means -Food For G-ds- And It Truly Is!SoHo 55 GrandSt.212.2748225
i know im dumb i thought i was going thru austin for a week now lol
Use turmeric, basil, cinnamon, thyme, saffron, and ginger when cooking. They have excellent immune-boosting power.
Humans are such fragile things.
Happy birthday! :) & thanks for the follow back (:
And if you don't know if you have enough $ for a full buggy, going back & forth taking stuff off...omg. Sometimes I just pay the diff.
Yeah, the Pro Bowl might not be the same as it once was, but it could still be preserved. Hope the NFLPA makes the changes they need.
My neck has an ugly burn /:
haha You got me good. Ok, let's turn that around then fate. :-)
Watching the grants.gov emails come in.
Thanks Stacey! You too. It's starting off nicely with a sunny, beautiful day.
Digging through my files and discovered typed/printed memos requesting leaves and refunds for quarters lost in vending machine.
haha, yeah. No problem! Just tweet me from your new account love ^-^
Be nice to your vehicle, change the oil often
but I still love you!
Is it still Halloween? Waiting for #simpsons Treehouse of Horror and next #TheWalkingDead to arrive.
4:45 site broke. 5:30 site restored. Thank god it's Thursday. I need a drink.
so great to see you...you made and my day!
I loved Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail....
Sophomore summer is gonna change alot.
Yeah man. Incredible CD! Kudos to the production crew as well.
just checked out your site. :)
is studyhall a bad thing????
good shit man! Things are slowly moving over here. Just waiting to get our tanks in and working on new tee designs.
According to this years yearbook my name is Savannah...
So I found out today that The Weeknd has a show in SF in May. Tickets sold out the day they went on sale. I'm hella mad right now
had a nice chat with where you and your photos in their monster show came up. Hope you are doing great!
Alot of artist ask me for different beats.. then when i give them a taste of my true sound... they can't handle it
I wish I didnt dilly dally and play outside :-\
aww poor thing... I hope you'll be okay!! *hugs*
I know that wine well. Ok; so, I do the shipping info through your website?
Big thanks to and for taking some great #applemob pics.
I wonder what percentage of #DrawSomething drawings of Rihanna include Chris Brown punching her.
Hello from Charlotte, NC! It is my pleasure to follow you and thanks for following me!
Wow!!!! Saints lead by 3!!! Never count Brees out. Unbelievable. Who dat?!!!
Phsyched to talk web sites with and today!
“: lol I like that!”/ thank u
A giant squid has eyes that can grow up to 20 inches in diameter.
Thanks for following me , , and
Cast selection for "All the King's Women" include & Congrats ladies.
Day 1 of driving - No crashes. #SUCCESS!
Fact: The Secret Service protects the President, not the other way around.
stop in tonight!
I want to be rebellious! I want to leave school !
-_- lol Welp better get started I be in here grinding !!!
you got told by buster!
so when are the boys going to NY exactly? :o
Good Morning everyone!
don't kno #oomf all that well...but part of me realllyyyyy wants to... Haha
Seven more Days of school left.
Anything you can do I CAN DO BETTER! -Irene arguing with the Kardashians about who gets wetter, blows harder, and fucks the most people
that's nice. You're still not telling me about what!
always behind the saints... Still sporting my number 9 !! Hope to get it signed and meet you someday man...
im always missing your follow sprees :/
Time to go bright red again :))
Thanks , helping the #homeless is what we love to do! MT
oh how i meese you too!! Come home already!!'
it is absurd! The good news is whether you are flying out of #MSN, #MKE or #ORD... no baggage fees when Step Ahead is driving.
give a shout if you need someone to get rid of that virus. My rates are much better!
Good Morning Thanks for following Newark Twinning. Watch out for proms news soon.
It was really nice to see you all at Art Drinks last night! Thanks for coming!
Your choices thus far are impeccable. Nice work.
I wanna live where people vacation
Yay birthday! Just let me know! :)
I fell asleep with the tv on. Now there is an awful politics program on and I can't find remote. Too lazy to get up.
cool. May be able to come! could I tag along? If so when and where?
Hi! I never heard, how'd the surgery go a few weeks ago?
I worried that my house wasn't clean enough for a houseguest until her brother said, "Amy once let a pumpkin rot in her closet."
It's funny how we try to move on but at the same time, hold on.
Missed church today. Guess I'll have to watch online:)
Today, alcohol free whisky??ArKay: The World's First Alcohol-Free Whisky Smells Like 'Shoe Cleaner,' ://zite.to/A8aaG9 via
You should go to Kelly's Bar and Lounge and try their Mac and Cheese. You'll be VERY happy.
Tracy, ihope all is well with ya! Just getting back to tweeting!
Whatever is done in the dark will be brought to light!!
I keep writhing in pain and the only thing keeping me sane is a walk to remember :)
Focusing on me and the very few that Arnt frauds.. S/O to the people who never frauded on Me.. for the rest fuck yall
I like the looks of it but i think most would assume those are follow buttons instead of sharing ones. I did ;)
u ok?
RT : LMFAO songs are basically tweets put to music.
Feeling brand new in 2012 ;)....
The best thing can do with regard to concussions is lead the way with research.
Thanks to & for the follows. Happy Independence Day!
-_____- you obviously think its a joke then
Now speaking Craig Raeburn from #TyMetrix. #LTNY. Just starting not too late to join
good morning.
the owners and players are both selfish, unless a miracle happens the season is in serious jeopardy :)
Get your taste buds ready for the Qdoba Burrito-Eating Contest at the Helen C. House Party on 9/15.
Boy bye not with them shoes on. Lmao!
authorities confirmed that radiation had leaked from a quake-hit nuclear plant after an explosion destroyed a building housing a reactor.
Im On Fire, Whole Hood Blazin
woman if you dont knocc it off
Man so busy today still haven't watched all of Survivor Series Yet! I did get to see Mark Henry retain :)
Good luck BG
#ThreeWordsForYou I Love you
Change is coming. I can feel it
lmao i am relax okay. And yes u are and its a metaphor i dont mean it and idk if u r or not xD
and this helps you look younger? I need that!!!
And the shoot was a success!!! Thanks to for makin' it happen!
Um, giant Frosty The Snowman just scared the shit out of me and handed me a candy cane.
I'd love to act on SNL and put my impersonations to work!
I have a feeling if I put presents around the tree Andie will just lie on top of them.
Thanks babe! >> RT : u too...Eyehoney
i miss seeing colton on ai.<3
Optometrist looking for CE credits? It's not too late to register for the Focus on Education Seminar - 7 COPE / OLDPAC hours!
#TheVoice your band is playing too fast, sounds like the performers are having to keep up w/you
Crank the beat and hit the gas on'em
oh you're BARKing up the wrong tree buddy
This reminds me of your wonderful French in
That awkward moment when you find an old conversation of someone you cared about but don't talk to anymore.
Next you move on to Murphey's Millenium Brew?
Oh snap!
2MOROW IS THE BIG DAY! ASTORIA PARK all day DANCE STARTING HERE IN NYC @ 830PM SHARP EMAIL 4 DiRECTIONS!
Tune in to www.fccfreeradio.com we're on til 10
just a day, just an ordinary day.
Looks like Ill be helping this lady with her carry on of 12 cream puffs, as she sat next to me. Either that or I hand her a biz card?
sorry for the late reply ! I'm singing for the talent show !!! I'm really really SCARED !The principal chose me out of the whole skol
Anyone have a cool compost bin design? Lookng 4 pics, diagrams, tales
wow, you snuck down to second row? nice! Are you coming up to any Orioles games?
I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great
hey do you know any verses that help deal with drama/bullying/teasing and such?
please follow me. i
Aye Ralphie you a pervert too, don't front lol
HOLY SMOKES! Globally, we watch 1 billion YouTube videos and spend 274 million hours on Facebook... EVERY... SINGLE... DAY...
Later twitter
Going to PodCampAZ! Are you going!?
Let's get to 300 followers a follow for a follow
I don't agree with it personally, but I don't harbor any hate towards those who choose that lifestyle
Tomorrow, will be hosted inside Studios. Follow the conversation with
thanks Maine
I believe the correct term is "booms and shakes"
Why cant all guys be like you? You're such a sweetheart and so charming:D iloveyou Kendall! Make my night better???
Woman in Black...Congrats you actually scared me :/
we're planning on coming up there this Saturday... see you then!?
hahaha Ill snap you in half pencil dick! I was drunk!
you're welcome. How do you stay active and love cupcakes? let us all know!
who talked trash. It was an honest assessment.
So excited about the next few days, i can hardly start my week
lol she must be dumped wit a phat ass
Should've went with our runner ups
Girl:Why are you following me? Boy:My parents told me to always follow my dreams...♥
I loved that moment. All haters were surely like "Awwh, yeah, we're dambasses."
haha :) have you been to the super bowl village??
bout to take it in 4real..
guess i'll go pick up the laundry. i was hoping jim would be home soon so i could make him do it.
yay!! Haha I'm such a nerd
Would have to drive to Mississippi.
I dont think its normal, but ppl might want to wear some ppls underwear over others
Iv never been a fan of chili!..
man the news said it was going to be "partly cloudy" by the beaches so I wore this thick cardigan an my uggs -_- & its hot af !
nice. Houston has had some great matches. I saw Man U play MLS. Allstars a few years ago.
"Dreams only come true when the dreamer takes action."
I told you, Marmol...
Awkward conversation with Kayla. I'm more awkward than you are, just face it.
do you remember the famous George O'Leary resume fudging at Notre Dame? No different in this situation.
Dolphins add another seam-stretching tight end
Merry Christmas everyone!
As you remember the victims of 9/11, we encourage you to also pay tribute to the men and women who have died in military service to their...
literally losing my shit right now. If only the people we make fun of knew.... omg. O_o ~(*_*)~
Tonight was all crazy beats in new directions.
I agree! My neighbor has one and I could just stand there and inhale all day!
Give me the luxuries in life and I will gladly give up the necessities. ~FLW
Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. If you can dream it, you can do it. ~ Walt Disney
six moms contributed.
Now I'm teasing him I can be a grade A asshole sometimes oh well.
that happen to? i though he threw a lamp to selena saying hit the lightss? ..
that's ok ... Would be funny in electronic radio voice :-)
:s eeeeyyyaaaaasssss :s
Twitter is awful w/ notifications. just told me where you are, I'll find you @ break. Red jacket, tall, short hair
why is 'Baltimore Blues No. 1' hidden from me? I have played it 50+ times, and now its not there?
yes! Loves it!
Never forget...the p is silent as in swimming.
MAN!!!! Duper shout out to !!!
Working 3-close. Yuck.
Something's are never answered.
Lib operations run as business entity supporting R&D mission of an institution in higher ed. & counted 2-4% overhead of R&&D startup
Email contact For Specyphi
Everybodys fakee so I got real for sale
sleep tight
RT Less than an hour till & tip-off. 2nght's Mavs player of the game will be bc he's Due.
Watching the news... "Man accused of stealing $800 worth of hamsters." I mean... Ok.
persistent mofo, stop.
Alex Golub: We need to innovate beyond existing publishing models within Anthropology. Historically Anthropology has failed digitally
I have to read it for a review still, So many words, so little time!
in that specific case -- maybe it's the HTTP client ignoring your directive?
cats c: omg i drank 15 monsters today XD
what are you soo excited about??? Share the news!
Today, i rocked my bball shoes ,...its been fa eva since i put these bitches ON !!
ah shit!!! I miss you too bookie😘 & I will as soon as I get out the shower 😊
hilda can do IRISH!? i still can't master that.
You think PBR is a fruit.
im sorry but some trending topics are just plain stupid lol
the LG Optimus does very well for me. communications beast
Black Ops TWO. Damn, that sounds good.
Thank you for hosting a Pure Romance party last night! Hope you all had fun :-)
Love to have you taste, could you complete app at www.TasteTweet.com and I'll get you actual Taster invite info. Thx
Aren't they also accepting donations by credit cards, lining the pockets of the very institutions they supposedly despise?
I've heard about that face-to-face social network... any good? ;)
Thank you all for following! Last night we reached over 200. 5,000 Followers = FREE service for some lucky local customer! Pls RT....
I really hope that see the treend :') ~19days<3x~
Its easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission. - Proverb
Some companies are just bad at business and its a shame. They don't realize good sense turns into actual dollars and cents.
i've heard it's good! just haven't made it there yet. we went to north star bistro instead.
Sleeping with my foot elevated... trickier than it sounds...
“ “ Just because I don't talk about my problems doesn't mean I don't have any.””
All successful men and women are big dreamers. ~Brian Tracy
had idea to make "Eat Crow, Baby" banner
Getting ready for school 😒
hate to say it, but it is better than walking dead. And I love the walking dead.
Your goal should be out of reach but close enough to see with the eyes of faith - VB
he says I look like her. Idk!! Anyways, Set Your Goals >.<
He "marks" his territory, to keep the neighbors dogs out of his yard. I didn't really "see", but I know.
Make sure you listen to 's walk up song tonight #ClubBanger #RickRoss Go Twins
Now that I've eaten a ridiculous amount of food, time to go to the gym...and hopefully not puke.
That's awesome, Moon Fry. So proud. Hope wifey has a wonderful Mother's Day!
Thanks for the Donation hommie! Now hit up some other people! :)
Thanks for including me in your #SEO Tips Daily!
Luxe Courtier at Coffee and Cars, Houston Texas
I always assumed that people knew how Google worked, but given the readings I guess I thought wrong.
Enjoyed Christmas shopping this morning in shorts. It's nice going to phx & CA to visit family for the holidays.
Yeah K-Rod stinks but what do you expect when you can't score runs?
gave an amazing concert last night and raised over $1600 for Children's #Cancer Fund of #NM!!! Thank you #ABQ !!!!
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please :) 12
Don't forget Slash!
What the fuck O.O
Updated my Doodles work on ;)
hey Joel! Just doing my thang. Lol. You?
lol them pray for me getting the role brah
“ I wonder how much longer is gonna have me waiting 2 hear that heat he's making over there?” LOL
thank you!
Probably not a bad idea at this point.
thank u for bein an amazin person! I LOVE U. When beliebers say this we mean it. Ur perfect. Well never leave u, here forever!
RT : Just to clarify, do solar thermal plants blow up sometimes and leave radioactiveness?
Jets are terrible. Sanchez is jus God Awfull
Bend ova to tha front, touch ya toes
Thanks for sticking around for 10yrs :')
kicking it I guess lol
For these, only once with perhaps a few miles before.
Writing music... Haven't done this in so long.. I guess when you have something to inspire you, it just goes with the flow.
I'm ugly but thanks anyway
Should be at the strip club getting a lap dance, but I ddint want to drive :/.. Its a bad red bone there and man oh man it would have been 1
just got back from the band banquet.
Clever kitty ;-)
#okayuprettybut igotta see if u gonna take this relationship serouisly cause the cute ones always messing it up
What are you doing today to further you #acting career? What could you be doing?
Physics? No thankyou.
Best way the #Knicks can look at it is that it's one loss. Regroup and come out ready Game 2.
let's rock this club tonight my way
Which developments, M? Sorry, whatever it is!
I have no tolerance for sarcastic people. Why don't you find a more creative way to be funny? Sarcasm is cold and cruel and stupid.
My cousin from Jersey came down to the hospital to visit me #sohappyrightnow #loveyougabe 😊💙💜💚💛❤
And celebs with questionable fame (like Amber Rose) still keep trying to sing or act, proving to all there's nothing they CAN do.
Monday Morning Shout Outs*Rise & Grind*
have u checked out www.theadvocator.org yet?
bitch y u hang up
holy hell i still cannot find it
38 days and counting until #TEDxAdMo brings you a Force of Change! In one word, what does CHANGE mean to you?
You're awesome, seriously! Stay beautiful
are you a Sagitarius
taking u
Mom's Night Out tonight with my FA group. So needed- to vent, to share, to know we're not alone. It was great.
Hope you had a lovely Christmas, Happy 2012 to you!
It's raining Yen, hareruya it's rainin Yen
FIRST WEEK OF SCHOOL: Bitch, i'm gonna work so fucking hard, im getting straight A's. SECOND WEEK: screw this. I give up.
RT : we're so incredibly lucky to have such fantastic leadership and mentors - you guys n' gals all rock!
We're finally on Twitter - Deadwood is ALIVE!
When GOD plant's a seed in u... U have to water it with HIS Word so it can have deepness of root in your soul.
I swear my dad is the reason 711 stays in business...
holy sh!t, I love me some Pink Martini. Congrats! Thanks for coming to see Dear John Mayer!
I miss being in choir and vocal jazz today. I used to sing ALL THE TIME. :(
RT this to help me get more followers? =D
Make sure you go to iTunes and grab ur copy of WOP by
Who's counting down the says till #TRAFOMP tour?
THANK U..MUCH LOVE TO U ALWAYZ OLD FRIEND :)
... I am "this" close to blocking coaster on here and never speaking to him again...
Great WIN 8th grade Boys!! AWESOME SHOT AND SCORE BRETT!!!!
zot. now says "upload accepted-waiting for sync server" so maybe this was them, not me.
emily does my lil bro hang with weird people
Had an epic Scattergories match tonight w/ , Dad, Mom, , , , Kristie, Cathy, Alex & Mary!
A civil war veteran finally has a tombstone to mark his Ohio grave, 87 years after his death.
I've never seen such a delicious looking dessert!
Oh I felt so bad after bumpin into you! Sorry about that by the way, I didn't mean for it to be that strong
To get ed improvement done right, we must become better collaborators.
I know, love the cheese. Thinking about pre-lunch run, so that we can eat cheese + brat. interested too.
New twitter account for personal tweets: This one to stay focused on design and business
Someone write that piece, stat!
It's called a love life? not a sex life...
No i won't
You defend business over clean air and less asthma for children. Biz - still making $$ big ones big $$. people are going broke
Nothing's wrong just as long as you know,that someday,somehow I'm gonna make it alright,but not right now.I know you're wondering when. <3
take the edge off with a refreshing Orange Julius!
Time to start the afternoon walk early. Still no entry into the Ala Moana Building.
Funny ": Breaking: Roland Lazenby is reporting that Carmelo was just traded to Seattle for Jack Sikma and Gus Williams."
kids on kids on
Sawa living.... Pregaming and dining before this HS game. You know. Haha
Had so much fun on skype with
You are most welcome and love the gold mining journal stories.
"Facebook campaign engagement *doubles* when an email campaign is deployed in advance" at #DSum12 |
How nice of you to bring red onion in the workplace...youve now just rendered everyones deodorant pointless.
#voters-I've nothing to prove to myself: been proven in battle, business, & w family. My only interest now is to serve as your Congressman.
that sounds lovely. We're nesting also - getting new bathroom tile this week, and busier than I could have ever hoped for! :/
Yeah, i was missing her
#RaleighRAW is very excited to be attending the MENAGERIE in Orange County California on the 21st!
Getting an energy audit tomorrow to see if we qualify for any Austin Emergy rebates for new windows and a solar water heater - yay!
Happiness is Heading to Ford Fiesta Extravaganza Live in the D!!!
chocolate milk? U GOT IT DUDE! We WILL have chocolate milk! any food you want?
Excellent dinner at Kayne Prime with wife
My voice is back.
she was lol
#nephroticsyndrome anyone know of places for assistance with this?
Hmm...why so cold tonight?
I must admit when I have too many tweets on my time line I scroll all the way to the top and say fuck da rest!
I like that it lets me be lazy (one click + one less account to remember)
"Graduates, do something big!" - "Isn't that what they say at every graduation?" -
Nice work! Keep on changing those lives at
How much and when is it?
Just happened RT : Never have I been called beast before.
I know right !
You twitter muted me. I win <3
my last interaction was 22 minutes ago... fuck
We text all dam day :)
Can't wait to get this Econ 402 test over with at 930
Studying for business law
Cant sleep
New phone!
help me with my galaxy tab i cant update via wifi
I love you boo “: ur so pretty my lover!”
How is everyone? enjoying the SUPERBOWL!
hey i'm crying just a little, cause i went to Porto's just for you and you didn't acknowledge my pic :/ boo. :(
you've caught a fly with chopsticks haven't you
You like me better undercover.
Just dance. RT : UMass is 3-0 against the other three remaining teams in the Atlantic 10 tournament
Yes! RT : I made up my mind: I won't complain. Complaining about my circumstances would be equivalent to murmuring against God.
jus got done workin out time to record
please follow for us!<3 xx
I am - hope to see you at Fenway tonight!
#Imagine Austin stole your phone. You: Austin! I'm serious give it back! Where is it? Austin: in my pants, come and get it ;)
My cat somehow turned voice over on on my MacBook. Fast forward to me getting in a screaming match with my laptop.
I love your Boo Babbles good for you, i always have u in my prayers my irsh bud
#np I'm a Wonder-
I'm sure y'all Got it in!!!
not the data cables, just the power (round)... it's basically forcing it to reboot since most don't have a physical power switch
Help us help the planet. Go green and get those bikes out on patrol.
I watched the first 60min of 'Un coeur en hiver/A Heart in Winter' earlier. I can't wait to finish it later. Daniel Auteuil is so goode.
or muss'd his toupé
Happy Bostob marathon day!!
awesome! Proud for you! Missed you today though.
Think ima start using my plume app more than my twitter app cus the plume app is better in my own opinion
And in order to make sense of it all i have to learn what it is like to hurt, but i dont want to know what it is like to hurt
come to our house if you want to hear them
Was it all four of y'all?
at the CIO roundtable. kudos to Theresa Rowe work for her good work with the CIO Listserv
what monitoring/management/metrics capabilities are there for web services?
The humbling feeling of being schooled in a one-on-one pickup basketball game is unmatched by any other activity.
No motorcycle ride today >> that's for sure
Latest Apple Tips click here www.appletekguru.com
I cant bring myself to tweetgram and turn instagram into twitter.. Dont ruin a good thing
RT : Today’s affirmation: My life is unfolding in divine order, and I’m exactly where I need to be.
yeah kind of!
RT : RT : Did anyone else from Texas have trouble with the Tax Exempt forms at the Aloft?
Just realized someone sent me a meeting request on my IPHONE..no wonder I was in the right place at the wrong time yesterday
Dedicating my Friday night to chill w/ my babee 😌
I don't like the word faggot. But sometimes it just comes out. Why does such a fun word have such a bad meaning.):
What's your favorite touchdown play? Get the #ChevyGameTime app and answer trivia for a chance to win Chevys.
Sure, Lindsay! Good luck!
How can your iPhone go off twice during a podcast when one of Grantland's sponsors is Blackberry?!? #BeBold!!!!!
#IfYouWereSmart you'd be #respectful .
Just finishing up preping luan substrates w/gesso. Prefer MDF boards-not sure if I like luan-time will tell.
Playing piano and editing!
Tomorrow for sure!!! Let me know when u book it
You can't spell Miami without M.I.A.
#19MILLIONBELIEBERS. The family is growing (':
and why not me? That'd be real cool - not as cool as Tina Fey, but close
Starting at 6P. And thanks for tracking down the Twitter account! I couldn't find them. ;-)
#ndpl "build, don't retrofit" (for easier time with accessibility and privacy) -mary minnow
blahh i wnna see all my friends again! that bon fire was soo much fun. i cant wait to go camping with all of them.
We have hundreds of properties for sale across the US. All at deeply discounted prices. Not currently listed on MLS.
And thanks for the follow.
how can i service you the dj pack for my hip-hop recording artist precise latest joint "shot's fire
I'll have you livin life like you should. She say she never had it so good.
RT : the startup phase isnt the idea: its the prototyping phase. - StartupHealth
Rivera has twice as many saves as the Red Sox have wins
Speaking of holidays: Is your home/business ready? B4 the decorations go up - give us a call: 210-403-3232. Painting Remodeling
After sitting on tarmac for 2 hours, just awarded us a free round trip ticket! Now THAT'S customer service!
Had a very interesting bday , but overall I loved it!!
great job today ladies:) fab event!
More work with local municipalities, really expanding the uses of SMS messaging.
oh I had him!
Bonfire on Grand ave is always really good food and good atmosphere also Dixies on Grand!
Shouldn't I at least get something for winning on my first ever #BucciOvertimeChallenge?
#Supermoon will be awesome minus the
Can't wait to hear 's playlist at #WITS tonight! Loved the last one.
Luv hearing the belly laughter from my son while he watches Tom & Jerry. This from the same kid who also likes to kill zombies on Xbox.
Thanks to everyone who participated on last night's call, great to hear everyone's feedback on the products and compensation plan.
or skydiving w/ LoL!!
I can't promise anything.
A Timbers, a Red Bulls and a Crew walk into ...
IU's Adobe agreement includes Captivate (free to students, faculty, and staff), Camtasia's competitor.
It amazes me that some ppl still cannot walk and use their smartphone at the same time
When you run a marathon with 24k other people, minus dressing up like Elvis or Cyndi Lauper, how do you stand out?
congrats and keep it up!
NYCLU to Release Study of Anti-Mosque Activities in New York State at 11 a.m.
Very nice – Spent the time here in Atlanta with Lauren's mom visiting.
So far my NCAA bracket has been near perfect. The only pick I've gotten wrong was the Davidson loss. Go Cats!
It's a cool, very humid morning on campus. Orientation today for new faculty & International students. 10 days til classes start!
We Love MrWizKhalifa is trending. 1st of all, Wiz Khalifa is decent, but really overrated. 2nd, who loves me? D=
True or False: William H Macy's suits change size depending on his luck in the movie The Cooler?
“: I actually get to eat REAL food for lunch today!”
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you. - Ray Bradbury
Come on Obama, let's turn this oil rig around.
My sister choreographed an entire dance to that song when she was in 5th grade. I miss the bleached-out-fro-JT. RIP.
the ROSS report, I like it, I'm gonna steal that. Well in newest news I partied a little too hard at a robot themed party. You?
Outward Bound Denver will be participating in a clean up with Denver Park and Rec tomorrow morning!!
And then I got my paycheck
#VEVOnewfront. "VEVO more impactuful than MTV's early days in helping people discover new music."
Typically people who eat fish but not meat call themselves pescetarians, not vegetarians
“All good things are wild and free” - Henry David Thoreau
dude what the fuck is up? haha I haven't talked to you in forever
Wait. They don't love you like I love you.
oh ok yeah im going to church tonight to bring in the new year
you're flawless
Acting is just 100% belief in yourself....
I thought nobody was texting me back.... I was bored
Come to Green Valley Lib tomorrow @ 6:30 as the Red Rock Canyon Paranormal Society presents a lecture and a Q&A about the Unexplained.
Finished Captain America with the wifey. Awesome Marvel movie. Looking forward to The Avengers!
kitchen smells so bomb early in the morning
Mines Here Either!!!!
LET'S GO GORDO
Heard a talk by a chem engineer about gravure printing on an angstromic scale. Application: roll printing microchips. Gutenberg is back!
Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow!
Okayy so i'm gunna try and end my tweets with a 'x' like now :) x
Man. I gotta get that paper. Where is the door? I need to find the go. Where is the "go"?
Kix are too fuck'n nasty
no problem. I'm looking forward to the next one.
#americanhorrorstory = #stoopid s t o o p i d .
The Power have a record of 3-3 and are only 1 game out of first place in the division. LETS GO POWER!
I have the video on non stop replay and im sure im not the only one! I hope our views r actually counting!! :P
I know (; lol
“: "Day off?" What's that?” lol! EXACTLY!! Never enough time or money!
who said that??
ppl voted 4 Bush just cause they had a 6fig. Salary the ppl that lost, they didnt know tax breaks went 2 ppl makin high 6 fig like 500k lol
Anybody else feel like you're listening to Wait (Whisper Song) by the Ying Yang Twins at the beginning of J. Bieber's new song Boyfriend?
Hey this is Jordan Gisler add me!
playing a new game on computer today....really getting tired of all the rain...oh well at least i have an excuse not to do laundry..lol....
what about youu?
Hey....did u get this?
I love watching but can't help to think that the sharks consistently take advantage of the entrepreneurs.
I want a relationship where you can lay with each other & just talk... about anything. <3
what's good witcha?? You goin to tha video shoot?
Patrick Dempsey is chipping away at my confidence in news 2 minutes at a time.
#chartership Thanks! These are all great suggestions, Will make a note to myself!
Happy Milwaukee day! Headed to the Milwaukee Repertory Theater sale. No idea what to expect.
you need to step it up girl! :)
No Power or Internet due to the Fire!? Come Hangout at Club Snell! Internet and Power are working
great talk! Learned a lot! Thanx
all week, we leave from office and go out with office folk hard core. This is a different world. I guess part of the job...?
Thank you, Lukas! MT: : Honored to have served up here in Green Bay.
Thanks for the RT on our Career Fair! It's a great opportunity for #ROC biz to find local talent for open #jobs!
You are my one and only, Your the the one that pleases me so why don't I come and do you the same ~
you don't bring him up to be a 4th of. Nate is fine for a backup. But he shouldn't be starting over presley & hit 2nd
Lol why do I always miss the best lunch periods ahahaha
Let's go
. Not my experience. I'm a parent there & receive constant updates & surveys & open invites to mtgs.
How am i suppose to deal
Dawes: war photographer once criticized Dawes for showing graphic details: become complicit in the denial if you censor?
My life story.
Ack! I forgot to set my DVR to record #SherlockPBS - epic fail
We gon be Rich Forever n ever n ever n ever... We gon be Rich Forever
Are you all done for the day?
I know , uggh oh well i'll get special eye drops or something. aha
so, I take it that you approve. ;)
There was another locker room thief? I never heard
#Indy likes metal, but then again....who doesn't?
i don't completely know, I think ppl believe she changed justin and dated him for fane and they don't want her to do
Back to working nights......love it..no more having to put up with day light....now I can just sleep through it!!!
Was just called "wise" by a student at the FIU Mentoring Program Kickoff. In this case wise means old... Fun!
no problems, please contact our live help team
I probably need to finish my G+ profile and take a look around. When I do, I'll send your a connection request.
i went from crying to smiling. cutest phone call ever.
Thanks for the follow Dre Bell
We hope you love it! and not probably healthier...definitely healthier! Enjoy the g-f goodies & thanks for your support!
I've cleared my schedule this morning, just in case you call. :) New Mexico Satellite Man - 350-6428
Do steam rollers really roll steam?
First day a success. Tomorrow is first patients! So many exciting firsts and I love the energy and talent of our amazing team members!!
RT : Do u believe there is an innate drive or ability for teaching hampering the levels of success in college for some?
better do something. Would be nice to have CP3 lol
Reverend Raven totally rockin the place, right now.
Getting ready for the black light black friday party tonight!
If the weather cooperates!
Brothers soccer game!
I was trying to tip you off that Craig is not my user name ;-)
did i spell that right lol
My body is currently powered by 0% sleep and 100% caffeine. I'm like a vibrating zombie.
Milanos are comforting.
Liking the green ribbon better than the green overlay, but not sure it's as noticeable, hmm...
I gotta get #marypoppins magic! and all the #MtIda girls too.
I'm looking into buying a new phone soon, an Android phone that is, and I'm wondering if AT&T offers unlimited data plans?
Ha! Good line. I feel for people who have to make that trek every day.
How bout a Ferrari 250 GT California?
I must interrupt the #arena debate to note that SANTORUM is winning super tuesday. No need to vote. The world is ending.
New works coming tomorrow on PSNY... get ready!
#np Mellowhype feat Frank Ocean- hell
Also pls stop with the black brows. HD cameras will tell a horrid story honey! Trust me. There's a color of brown to fit us all ;)
Oh, 3ofUs Studios...we've go to stop meeting like this.
TEDxFargo is searching for "Ideas Worth Sharing" and we need your help. Do you, or someone you know have an idea that could be shared at...
I haven't heard it. I'll take a listen.
KY isn't balancing the budget on the backs of children! Gov Beshear
If it's gameday, you do not think about anything but gameday
Drama at every corner. Everyone wants to slug on me and the family smh bad move
Would be pretty amazing if the Badgers could knock off the #3 team in the country making almost no 3's and literally no free throws
Dear bands I like, kindly stop all being here on the same day. Sincerely, Lauren.
xbox wit/black peple>>>>
Go in doeith via
I know a lot of my friends here like him, so I mean no disrespect, But I can't stand Dylan Ratigan. Nothing but negativity comes out of him.
how, if at all, will offensive playbk change with Childress here?
we're feeling very american today... 20% off all California wines
It all started when my dog began getting free roll over minutes. Jay London
is it 10 yet?
I hope it gets the heart racing for an epic workout!!
It's takes two to tangle, but only one to walk away
"Kellen Moore leads Lions last minute game winning drive against defending Super Bowl champion NY Giants."
Had some good discussion at our lunchtime #TechTalk as I gave an overview of using the Apple iPad in higher ed from a staff point of view
Blockbuster movies are like a tax for living in America. I try hard to avoid them, but inevitably pay up once or twice a year.
it's to the point where my docs are fairly amazed I'm not already paralyzed. It's got me wheelchair/bed-bound a lot of the time
Accept what you can't change, change what you can't accept.
The indy world wants something different and we in the South are bringing just that to you.
no i didnt!!! UGH bummed =/
WELCOME TO TWITTER BOB!!
Bo what are you doing tonight?
Been up for an hour and a half. Want nothing more than to still be sleeping.
had a salad for lunch
“: PM Netanyahu praises the Israeli doctor who refuted in court the lies of Palestinian propaganda.” // the lies of arab prop.
Hang around people that can stretch you to the next level. That means you have to learn from people who have more expertise than you.
No, paranoid is not bashing. If you called us redneck idiots that only have Bball.
How does $2 drinks sound. this FRIDAY. Downtown DM to be added to the list bring your crew.
Haha! Now I'm scared to know what that is.
couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
check your messages up here, sent u one.
Appreciate it bro!
Happy Birthday Hope you have a great day.
i hope the #Heats lose just so i can fuck with him lol
actually it's the 14th! Valentines day!
