Birthday shoutout to Kellyaayyyy! Best friend and roomie I could ask for :)
yes yes yes!!!
Wondering if there isn't some way for BOTH Minnesota AND Dallas to lose today...
now that's the real toots
": Strawberries... nomnomnom!" .....I love strawberries, save me some lol
Coolio just came on my Pandora. Do I win now?
Facebook and other social networks can allow that to happen
yes i do remember you love(: hi :p
Q4 via How does your domestic trip differ from an overseas one (aside from the location)?
If I put periods, that means I'm being seriouss. Is I end with a !, or ? Or a face, then its aall good aha.
Thanks to St. Vincent, Nuvo, GayIndy.com, CVS Pharmacy, Indy Pride, The Royal Group, Starbucks and Music for All for supporting
You're everywhere Chris. Good stuff.
Didn't attend or follow CiL, I got burned out on that conference when things started to sound the same year after year.
So the Jet's delivery guy comes to our front door, when i get to the door he says "I dont think this is yours, just always come here".
thanks for the love
We are not done
Happy Friday! Office Tacos?
Debbie Gibson started recording her Out of the Blue album on this day in 1986. She was only 16.
sorry I forgot!!
This Month's > Keeping American Music Alive: Geoff Muldaur is one of the great voices and musical.... www.geoffmuldaur.com
Rahul, right, we never did get to chat! We should definitely connect in SF!
It's almost 7am and we're almost in Philly. Thank you Connecticut for being amazing. Troc balcony tonight!!!!
The Secret of My Success. To be honest, I mostly enjoy it because Michael J Fox's character is named Brantley
"A Man is no more than who he is when he is on his alone on his knees in prayer."
“: “: thanks 4 the follow, much appreciated!” No problem!! Sorry it took so long -TJ” Lol no worries!
gosh I was jus kidding dang.
Racing to meet my gf at port authority bus station. Maybe not the most romantic place to start valentines day.
Man I Really Want to Play Grand Theft Auto
I swear I just saw an ad for Lovers Lane featuring you in some restaurant.
Wishing you lots of luck!
Road trip with Molly's mom, Molly, & my sister ;D FUN! <3
Don't forget when you ask someone a question and their answer begins with "So,"!
lmao!! Tea time!
i thought it was 'wew' ? lol.
I'm sure he will!!! Miss Darsy bout to join the MILF club ;)) hahaha
this crap is hard when you're far away
Dear girl wearing flip flops in a snowstorm...your iPhone has a weather app. Seriously.
This inmate on tv talking shit as guards toss him around. I'm thinking lawd! he has to feel like a bish wanting revenge right now.
Excited to watch some March Madness with this weekend!!
HAHAHAHA Your Twitter is legend . :,)
It was fucking great meeting you & Neil today. Wish I was here till Sunday to catch the show. Roll through Denver soon, bud.
so um I like Chu. :]
Check out Andrea Seikaly's first installment of "Reel Life," in which she takes a look at one item of film news per week....
#instantclassic TRAINING DAY
Belle & hey beest kijken met Lisa! ♥
<3 RT : and their Chef's choice deal are too good
Thanks!!! Are you having fun with it yet?
I'm pretty sure I'm married to a hot girl
But no lines, and no wing night!
Seriously, I need to call Hoarders in order to clean my grandma's house.
Global Crash's album "Echolalia" is now available on iTunesJapan, ambient, electronica,IDM music for fans of AFX!!!!!!!
"TODAY may be THE DAY. Never give up! YOU NEVER KNOW. Go, go, go!" ~S.M.W ...PERSEVERANCE pays... get ready to cash in. ;)
Of course - glad to make it.
Thankful for this Cool Spring Weather!
- get Carl Q back. Not an Andrew fan. Too liberal & not as smart as Carl.
I miss my baby soo much...everytime he calls & I hear his voice makes me miss him even MORE<3 grrr.
Tonight I'm watching "Jack et Jill" followed by "Jules and Jim".
Thanks love. RT : don't cry, Qi! It'll get better. Love ya! <3
Hope that you didn't get rained on too much in #Guatemala Wishing you safe travels on your return back home!
Movie recommendation is Sigourney Weaver in "Aliens"
I think we can go ahead and say it's none of the ppl above :/
Oh, shoot! It's too late to go see JOHN CARTER, isn't it?
I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake
Really! WHY RUN THE FUCKING BALL WHEN YOUR NOT GETTING IT DONE ON THE GROUND!
Thanks for the RT! Always good to share information like this.
UGLY shot by Terry just like against LA. Its like he forgot how to close. WTF? O great foul by the way VINCE! Curse of VINCE!
It's about the extent of my design skills... Perhaps I should fly to SF for your class...
thanks for caring abt my little Jenna.
Beat the heat with a blended Chi Chi. Heaven in a glass.
it is good now...good luck. Let me see if I can find anything
We are looking to get our blog back up and in action. Would you be interested in running a guest post?
Alright! :D I wanna see it
77% of girls think they are ugly, 100% are not.
Trying to think of new ways to raise y'all's taxes NC. I'm thinking either a tax on sleeping or a tax on breathing air
Thx Tim! Have a good weekend, man!
RT : 4 great tips and info follow here on twitter all week long!
Even for her, my 10yo was excited to audition for Alice , but for some reason she auditioned w/ the Oz scarecrow song.
Yeah, always has great posts!
Physical therapist says my back is like a brick - Considering I hvnt done upper body for the last 10mo I dnt think it was a compliment
Wayne Felber Live @ The Improv November 16th 2011: via Please watch and leave some feedback
#WhatNotToSayToThePolice I'm married to a cop, so I say pretty much whatever the hell I want to :)
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Vitamin E can reduce hot flashes, esp when combined with a low-fat diet high in vegetables.
I think it would be great to be the emperor of ice cream; that's like, so much ice cream
Seriously, I may have to go all J.D. Salinger meets Stephen Joyce when this happens.
Taking the Bull by the Horns!!! & Riding it Hard!!!
": I lay in bed every night and over think everything. #badhabit"
having problems trying to figure out how to get my blue ray sound to come out of my home theatre w/no digital audio input
baseball has to be the worst sport ever after watching that video!
Realtors! We want to hear from you! Do you view work emails on your computer or cell phone more?
a place where you meet youtubers :)
We're living in a fantasy, I feel it when you dance with me.
this one :P
You wanna see my dick real talk
#Recommend the #Korean TV series "I Love You." Characters are crazy, vulnerable, sweet & brash. Intriguing slice of Korean life-dramatized.
Thats actually not true.. I've been in lobbies with her when she is constantly talking to everyone
Char Booth is talking about learners and how we provide them with better service #oclcwebscale UCLA
AFSCME Local 171 steward Anne Habel: Union leaders are NOT meeting at Madison Labor Temple tonight to discuss general strike.
Oxy Mo: Numbing sensation... (kinda how I feel right now)
Jacking off will turn any animal into a romantic.
Great lunch with the girls :) now shopping 💰👍❤
Printed and bound a couple of large orchestral scores to send to a competition before I realized they were accepting electronic submissions.
Never be afraid to sit awhile and think. ~Lorraine Hansberry, A Raisin in the Sun
hey favorite manager!!(: love ya&hope someday you'll notice!!(:
With a McEvilly at the Livonia Chamber luncheon featuring #miromney. Place is packed!
That's what matters! RT : I told you guys last week; he just wins games. 90 yd drive right? Hope Tebow wins the west & super bowl
"There’s no need to rush. If something is meant to be, it will happen. In the right time, with the right person, for the best reason"
I'll try to.
Excited. I've been waiting for this day for quite some time :)
you need to switch to "perhaps" statements. Or the "quite possiblies".
DC: we hear alot about FENTY and RON Moten; what's the story behind FENTY & DAVID Moten? Is DAVID why FENTY is so indebted to RON?
if we develop in-depth knowledge, it will enable us to give our best to others and help to make a better world....
Which is why we're all good at Twitter! RT : A1: The ability to write and speak clearly and concisely is essential.
Fact 3: and are my twitter besties :)
Just got an email for FREE VIAGRA!! Seriously, why would a lezzy need Viagra!? Duh duh duh duh dumbasses...
Can you send me a quick email? Don't have your current one.
waste not want not
I guess im going out lol
Back home and getting ready for LA
#DaniloPerez is showing us what he knows on the keys.
Big Happy Birthday to ! We should all aspire to be like her!
Nothing as exciting than sitting in a jury room waiting to be called or not called. Where are the cots?
": performing with at Cafe 4212 on Saturday!!!!!!!"
I'm hoping it'll go up next to Arnold's statue at Vets. My guess... it'll be next to a Dumpster somewhere.
Just crack him in the ribs will ya Resop?
Break out the boxes and packing peanuts. It's moving week. This one's goin off without a hitch.
I'm kind of jealous but fuck it. This ain't high school.
Brooks Conrad is the new Yuniesky Betancourt
sorry you're I'll. Next year...flu shot.
": California seeking the MOPAC region's first-ever mixed title. #mixedcurling #history"//go CA! cheering you on!
Seen during nyfw, helpful sign in elevator. We should all do this! Nyp.st/xzRjNb
you're right. :p i really like their newest single.
I really wish my phone would stop autocorrecting "how" to "hoe". I'm tired of offending all of my friends.
I'm so jelly I'm not even gonna lie 😏
>>my pleasure, Ramon!
gonna be playing The Nick in Birmingham, AL on 4/2. Come show some love!
Relationships are about two individuals who maintain their own lives and create another one
In Touch!
We're on the table at a local station. Not us physically, but our show proposal. Looking for more sponsors: Email
GOD MORNING. no sleep. Lots of work all night. Coffee and gym. Today, DRINK WATER INSTEAD OF OTHER LIQUIDS. SEE HOW U FEEL
#teamtipsy request #tipsy feat on for the hot #8 at
Fuck the gym I'm goin home
you're welcome
I cunt believe you aren't going!
ill do anything at all just to be with you . I love you too angie. No one world can ever be like u . Ur a one of a kind piece
Ready for tomorrow night. Want to earnestly invite you out to experience Jesus! Join Us - 3108 McGinnis Ferry Rd, Suwanee, GA
#thatsadmomentwhen you tweet about mashed potatoes and when you go get some, you realize your dad ate them all :(
I hate getting bad luck constantly. It happens so much I'm starting to think that's how it's always going to be.
Celtics have only attempted one shot in the paint so far....
Family's coming today! YES! :)
OMG.. I forgot my #NewYears resolution lets see..Think Pooh..Think #NewYearsResolution Move out UNEEDED people & move in New and Better
how's it going? having a busy day?
Michigan emergency manager law could go to ballot
but seeing all these cute babies makes me think of the one I would have had RIP Jaden <3
er referred me to urgent care. Severe allergic reaction is no longer an emergency.
so true! : Thelen Tilden and Larsen both emphasized role of provocation but interpretation in NPS is all about avoiding conflict
No but money back guarantee.
The righteous won't be forsaken. You better believe it
We're at the today welcoming 500 guests to #Indy!
RT : Amanda Knox was freed today, proving again that the only thing Italians can do right is spaghetti and spray-tanning.
Hey baby girl, welcome to Twitter. Love love love you sexy :* :*
yes I'm upset it turns on but The page is black and u can only see the mouse what does that mean?
There's a mixtape I've been meanin to download/burn for like a month and I still haven't. Fuck
Tell it, great NY has 6 goalies on the ice, yeah yeah yeah.
I miss you, but I have been trying to forget you
I should be working on my English project but the internet is really distracting
Gotta get Adele album its a must
The value of experience is not in seeing much, but in seeing wisely
Love Suri, but on the next update see if you can voice text and read Facebook and Twitter messages! :-)
I am the native English speaker and cannot seem to beat my wife in words with friends.
I like that the cover is multiple stills
Can you hit me up with that link please? :) didn't seem to work
Vietnamese coffee and a good (though required) book- yep life is good.
can't wait to ride tomorrow on my new Orbea!
Not if A.Trammell doesn't get voted in.
The random apostrophe? I'm glad they fear no turds. Thats relieving.
I'm very good
Do you want to speak to the manager or someone who know's what's going on?
print model?
Hulk was an audience fav but Stark will forever be my love! Best of the series and I am SO seeing it again!!
Problem is being unsafe, drinking and driving are necessities to survive watching a horse race.
sweet:) I'm going for a run I'll text u when I'm otw:)
In a town. It's right by my place and it's the only station I've gone to for awhile. Ugh. Can't wait to move outta here.
Truth. RT : NikitaTMitchell #Scandal makes everything all better!!!!
I do it as a favor to them.
Congratulations to Mr & Mrs Adam Hoskins!
Last dance competition ever...#wheredoesthetimego?
Sold out at belly up tavern tonight for johnny cash tribute/80th birthday!
Hey Pittsburgh: Looking for a salon that's open on Mondays? We're here until 6 pm - come get gorgeous! 412-854-6881
Aw I just saw the cutest #ranga #babies!!!
haha sucks for you :)
Poll: Do you delete email or just mark as read?
I think we should crowdsource our NBA playoff picks to
: Remember that book Dear American Airlines? I could write my own today, how is ruining my Mother's Day.
Just arrived at hawthorne, watching R5 sound check!
Tutor Doctor New Mexico is now on Twitter. Follow us at
Merry Christmas!!“: Great night with family in TN for Christmas. Not the same at Grannys without Pop. Miss the heck out of him.
thanks man but im staying in tonight
Good Luck DC Assault Alumni in NCAA Tourney!!!
The one thing that really broke my heart was that all of my pictures from when I went to see the Maine in Dec. are all gone 😭😖
There is no shortage of companies here at SXSW that could improve this interminable check-in process.
Google Chrome: Coffee: via
They Saved The Best For Last I Knew It !
Forgiveness will make you a better person, holding a grudge will make you a bitter person.
I have been looking for the UDK melee weapons and pawns, did that ever get done? 8-)
Happy New Moon!!
I love the show ridiculousness(:
I wasn't starving, until I read your tweet!
Gig Harbor Fishing would like to wish all you Mom's out there a very Happy Mother's Day and Good Fishin to Ya!!
RT : I'm the guest today! RT 12pm "ReMix" a show where guests share a mix of songs that has inspired them....
RT: God has you exactly where He wants you. Learn to be happy where you are, and God will take you where you want to be.<--- ...
that's some luck. Enjoy!
it depends on what you mean by "grownups"...but lots of ad professionals will be there!
Touring is NG's official Traveler magazine in Italy. is an old esteemed organization who knows the best secrets about Italy!
my old stoppin' grounds!
Thanks for following! come to the #IJP4 in #philly Nov 10-20 ! great lineup :)
Dirty girl.. RT : 69 in Psychology... not too bad! 
GS Escondido Bath Remodel is offering 20% off on a full bath remodel to all Diversity Platinum members!!!!
love the haters ;)
And yet, you put #Community on hiatus. Not cool, NBC. Not cool.
I'm all set up at C2E2. Stop by table O4 and say hi!
Here at Speakaboos, we wish you and your family a safe and happy 4th of July!
yes!!!! all the sluggers in the central are droppin like flies. i'm thinkin the reds got a shot next yr
Think I might go to the movies tonight
Alright show time catch ya later
trying not to fall asleep, aha (:
i'm no better than anybody else...my sins get the best of me too at times...#it'saprocess
Not me wody!!!!
Way to go Spaniard......ya jackass.
how are you gonna criticize Kobes FIVE RINGS when Lebron has ZERO?!?! Smfh
Health care stories are coming in, keep it up! Tell your co-workers and family about us maybe they have a story to tell too.
oh word, you be fixing self checkouts like shit hahah
Stay tuned for an upcoming article with the Huffington Post regarding industrial changes in #SriLanka and what it could mean for you
“: is lovin da tee!! #support” <--Thanks we appreciate the love and business!
learn some airplane edicate
amen to that .. work harder indeed :)
What does your resume say - and not say - about you professionally. As 10 people you trust to review it. Tip: don't ask Mom.
Really? Just watch when i see you! Throw you in water!
Love putting my headphones in and dreaming
everything is factored in, cash and/or online play, tweeting about poker, poker blogs etc. If anyone grinds we want to know!
There's only two types of people in this world: People who smoke weed and people who need to chill the fuck out.
Some of you Ladies Twitpic'n your Mothers gone look ROUGH when yall get older.. DEEZAMNED!
Samurai Weapons!!!
I just read that too. laughing my ass off. They are run by idiots. The rest of the nfl is laughing at them as well.
Screaming Happy Birthday To The Beautiful And Talented I Love You With All My Heart Enjoy Your Birthday!!!!!!!!!
yh but i'm like seriously
I'll get ripped alright. Ripped muscles from working out too hard. LOL!
I hate when people don't text back right away! It makes me paronoid...
You original tweet did not say whether you liked it or not? It just said they pushed Detroit. Which is a horrible place.
wtf, lol, I think that's completely worst..
Happy Birthday Kourtney!
Any luck finding Trampoline WIN stuff online? Put it up on the wall or as a comment! Search for stunts or Cirque Du Soleil if you need help.
Can't even begin to explain how shitty it is when people you are close change--for the worse
anyone going out tonight?
every one is beutiful
maybe try neurologist? Or review of meds by dr usually goes to.
RT : I think Dr. Seuss could have been the greatest rapper! :D
Puck just sang Taylor Swift's "Mean" 😢😢😢
Whats The Ultimate Christmas Present ? Obviously it would be getting a pair of SABRES!!
can't help thinking of The Munsters...Are they made with *real* men? ("Are they made with real Girl Scouts?")
Thank God summer is almost here.
God I wish they were streaming live video of the Supreme Court argument today.
is celebrating 5k completion at the Red Elephant with Meyers... bring on the Red Winephant!
I live in a very fucked up society
I really want some pancakes.
Thank you to all the veterans who have fought to give us the freedom to do what we love day in and out. We are especially grateful.
Airfare trends to Europe - Atlanta Journal Constitution
Your wit makes me want to lick your brains and that's so weird but I'm strangely ok with it.
And to think I once worried that a Phillies-Sox series could pit me against my current city.... At least the Yankees lost?
So today was awesome. Again, happy birthday Kenz (:
Recording soon....can't wait to have something crispy for you to pour milk on
Going to look at cars, then work from 6-11.
next year you and monta are gonna put the league on notice...enjoy the lottery,from here on out its playoffs for the bucks.
Johnny Estrada Slow How slow does Aramis Ramirez have to be to not leg-out that infield hit?
Wow. Powerful, but hadn't considered that yet tonight. They come for what instead? "Expertise"?
you guys should check out musicmatrix.com to promote your music and video
good night!:)
Damn ! giving all he can handle... and then some ! Let's go #Cotto !!!!!
ou been always dreaming for.
I think he could be very random!!! He looks perfectly random..That is a plus !! =) Good Mornin from the States
You are.
please meet My talented friend . Charlene will love your hats
#20ThingsAboutMe 5. I have eczema. & It's the worst thing ever. -.-
got to bout to shut it down lol
Complete crap call. RT : RT : Aaron Rodgers head appears to be located in his armpit
#ireallywant Everyones dreams to come true!
did I ever send you stuff?
. I highly suggest reading "The Lean Startup" by Eric Ries. It would really help you with your development plan and strategy.
Is this for real or is my local cable TV provider just messing with me? It is a joke? Right? ...lol ...Sigma out
Ok Look im Honest Girl i can't lie i miss you, You and the music are the only things that i commit too, -Dizzy-
that is a moment! Nice!
it's official new cavs season ticket holder
Chipotle sounds fucking amazing right now. So that's where I'm going (:
Even when you're wearing a pair of $1000 Lounotin's you're still a "hoodrat" just in "red bottom heels to me"
Anyone grilling out today?
11.5.1937: Hitler tells his commanders he intends to annex Austria and begin conquering lebensraum for Germany.
Copywriters need strong technical writing skills, and the ability to apply these skills whatever the task, medium or subject matter
Eastern time zone games are cool cuz I get to go to bed at decent hour...
I couldn't tell you who the last girl I dated from my school.
tonights game was like a round in MMA wade blew up :o
#NFL suspends Coach #SeanPeyton of #NewOrleansSaints for one year.
right on! I can dig it
If anyone hates me please tell me.. I don't want anyone to hate me...
At the mls superdraft. Another great day for the fire.
Baby, give me your number. My phone fucking broke. 😠
Paging Mr.Bolden. Find him Flacco
Good girls love Italian food... Bad girls love Italian waiters.
whats up bro in the QC? if you get the chance to check out what my new film is about check it www.indiegogo.com/afterthefall
Good Morning World
#BK -Put That On My Heart is #100 >>
American Pie is an even better song when you're listening to it while driving a Chevy! :)
thx for the tweet (I'm a little slow), love having you in class. re: BF experience, never a waste to be a comforting shoulder.
Sextip: Don't just lie there like the proverbial dead fish. Move around, change positions, be inventive, and wear him out!
If there are franchises then someone will be the PGH Pirates of the World Tour. Cheap riders, no results -> profits
Haha it's my pleasure! Thanks for listening to us :]
It was the very least we could do! It was a killer evening, great end to a Monday. :)
swimming through currents, day one . . .
Huge collapse for the Gators - Congrats to LOU and their backers
Happy Thanksgiving from Three Squares Greetings.
My daughter had it, my son had it, now I've got it...a cold. UGH!
80/20 sarcastic. I am tired of managers w/ no shot at league title complaining about cup runs. Let fans cheer for SOMETHING
Please don't ever let me dress like a republican.
Thanks for the invite!
Saw #theVow tonight and while Channing Tatum is nice to look at, he's a horrible actor. Return to the "exotic dancer" career path
RT : In the game of life the objection is not marriage or love, it is self fulfillment and success
Now playing: Toby Keith - Red Solo Cup
Prolly a Jentri-mullet is wicked cool anytime.
I feel so sick.
Happy New Year Dru what's good ? T Wilks.
I'm so proud of u guyz :)
Harry Styles married me because I said something stupid to him; after that, we danced naked in the moonlight! ahahah
MT : Big Ten filling up w/ former UWGB women's hoops coaches once rejected by #Badgers.Borseth (Michigan), now Bollant (Ill.).
Santorium / Sanitarium > Coincidence?
Love is a many splendid thing. Love lifts us up where we belong. All you need is love! ~ from the movie Moulin Rouge ~
dang you bake sale
He didn't get hurt, great. He had 90 tds over 11 seasons and 4 yards a carry... consistent, but not HOFer
<---Nerd/Hippie and proud.
Just dropped my phone in my plate of gravy n mashed potatoes SHIT
lol I know, u were the only one tho. I was reading thru some of your tweets they're really funny!
imagine how stupid #GoogleSearch used to be before :)
I got a silver fox for a pet!
Im sorry that you lost your friend! Stay strong during this tough time!
After #7Daysofsex it looks like a hatchet wound
Stuff. Lots of stuff. Stay tuned.
swan way, mockingbird and all that?
The disappointments of life are simply the hidden appointments of love. -C.A. Fox
Interesting Self Tidbit: My work log shows that I have a programming attention span of 30 minutes, almost down to the minute
I thought we ARE friends, Nikki. Thanks for the follow, btw.
My flight is late. It must be TSA's fault.
Turnout in Baltimore is low, but so many of you have shown your support! Can we push these last two hours to put #otis4mayor over the top?
Wisco all the way. Nebraska's overrated and Wisco's offense is scary good + its @ Camp Randall. Gonna b a great game.
god mawnin everyone!!!!!
Legrand | Ortronics Continues to Innovate With EZ Patch: a Revolution in Patch Cord Dispensing
Just over 12 hours before registration closes for #edcamp philly
Rumors and reports r flooding in on Suggs. We will know more after he sees the specialist. (and a miracle from above)
RETWEET IF YOU ARE GOING TO BUY #SOMEDAY ♥
My girlfriend is hella cool c:
NEWS FLASH: Wind carries unsuspecting user's laptop across lawn! Film at 11!!! ROFL!
Thought of salsa dancing to burn calories?A 60 minute session burns 393 calories & sculpts your lower body. It's worth skipping the gym for!
Carter: personal experience, that is, with material objects.
Mid June. I'll be in touch tomorrow regarding Fridays Skye session.
Cant wait til Sunday!! :D
Once I saw it three times, I liked it even more. Christian Bale delivers.
"Innovation in Education" at 2:45pm for K-12 with Bill Rodriguez 13-B / High-Ed with John Mullen 13-A
Ben ands Jerry's holds worlds largest cow-bell concert to raise money for flood relief
He who cannot obey himself will be commanded. That is the nature of living creatures. -Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzche
New Music!!! "Lord Knows Freestyle" ft Mx and Ignite. Follow and Swagg!!!
Anybody around the Santa Monica area want to meet up for a bit today anytime between 4-7ish? I'll be in the area with some free time.
as much as we love drama here in milwaukee, it's good to have a closer that cuts down on it, right?
hey:) How was ur audition?
wow McMillian over Allan at S????
Its been a long ass day...
Thank you! :)
Up and at em... Show tonight in Brooklyn
you don't know that. SEC must navigate treacherous waters - reality. 100 % fairness/equal sked. Impossible.
time to relax, my friend... and that bottle was delicious to the last drop. Glad I have one more in the cellar. ;-)
Same here! Did you get my email? RT : Great speaking with you yesterday!! :-)
Great statement at #SkillSoft GSM - Once you glimpse the impossible it eventually becomes inevitable.
lmfao he plays one chord... sad that he kills two genres all by himself... jimmy hendrix and 2pac are rolling in their graves
And my head hurt
Sen. Grassley on Secret Svc inquiry: "Unfortunately, more than a week after my inquiry, I've yet to hear from anybody at the White House."
Join us today at SD DV Council. learn about CWS DV Protocols. 11:30-1:30 at Price Charities on University. Your voice is important!
Indeed my friend! ": The good Mr is enjoying the best day ever. Congrats!"
Gotta Knw Who I Am Nd Wat I Stand For :)
And we don't mind following either!
Thanks for helping us share the word :)
Why hasn't someone did a Home Alone themed tower defense game?
My princess was upset that I wasn't home to spend the weekend with her... I feel loved (:
Hello its Tuesday morning and we want to wish you all good day!
So....Fifty Shades of Grey. I'm speechless. How are they really going to make this into a movie?! And who could play Christian?
Ditch the office today and come join us! There's room on the couch.
I'll be a sinner!
If you want the best the world has to offer, offer the world your best
let's make them in our kick ass kitchen at work lol
Just popped a Two Brothers Brewing Company Red Eye Coffee Stout, this brew is the truth...
Good luck with the shoot
A must! RT We have Corned Pork Shanks on pretzel buns with sauerkraut and swiss cheese. It's so yummy.
going back to someone/thing in your past that you know is not right for you, is basically like slapping yourself in the face.
Errybody in this damn town is TWO-FACED.
Chef Greg Cookin up some Cajun Catfish Tonight- Delicious!
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell 3
JUSTIN JUSTIN JUSTIN JUSTIN
Takes more than a week to make me a believer...lins got a lot to prove
In other news, 's Lauder Collection is definitely the best "I'm-showing-my-friends-around-NYC" exhibit this year.
Happy birthday
I hope we get a BCS Title game with a 3-6 score..(Can't Wait!!)
I'd say we are one of the few existing business anywhere that care about quality over profits...-Melissa Martin
If you dnt like my tweets that unfollow button should be right under my avi..
I think my friend was gonna drop dead on my floor
It's really quite over the top in so many ways.
Oh you know me cooking and jamming out to One Direction at the same time.
Just had delicious veggie burgers with my super-cute model/muse (and wife) Liz La Point.
Have a good time.......was playing you earlier
I confess that I turn away at gory parts of GoT.. #Can'tDoBloody
Go cry about it why don’t you?
SCHILLER PARK, IL-- - Life Fitness, a global leader in fitness equipment manufacturing, will debut a system for personal trainers on Marc
Just know, the locker room knows...You voted for Pekka!! #nhl13 cover
ya, so you have to come have a drink w us!
Very nice! Congrats.
Super excited today... About to go see the only man that can make me laugh so much that I cry! ;)
Sorry Nico.. I Feel Youu , But Something Just Popped Up..
Hey,guys.. hope music is going well! Are you guys mostly based out of LA?
seriously? I follow you for news, not ads.
80% of what I invent is Hennessy, 20% is from being hungry as sin, 10's because I love getting under your skin
yea didnt get the job up here… Ill be in PGH in 2 weeks
Do all of these guys think they're moving into a frat house or something?
FREE wine tasting all day today from 10am til 6pm. Stop by and say hi!!
playin w/ DheepaChari group tonight in LA
Good things come, just gotta stay open to it!
I have 29 yrs experience. (I'm 28) RT : Twitter turns 6 and you have 10 years of social media experience.
": come see me do some fabulous hair! " thx for coming
Wisconsin Won!!!
So far my work method has been: typetypetype for 4 minutes, surfsurfsurf for 10, typetype for 3, surfsurf for 6, etc. Not so successful.
Riding around wit homies
no problem :)
With finals coming up reduce your stress w/ "Moving Meditation" | 11AM | All levels welcome! |
I could even name my bunch and starting rotation. Im curious who u all would pick if u had to pick a full team with any current players
one direction, why do you have to be so perfect?
Love "effortless" fashion :) Thanks for the trend tip!
mission accepted?
#highschoolmemories one hall monitor get'n arrested for selling weed & another one get'n arrested at the same time for smoking crack...
do you still need the pronunciation? I can email you a recording.
New 50￠ent game for playstation 3 is tight! Get it! Blood in the sand!
Daja hates us :(
#CakeBoss go is so addicting. Buddy can make a fucking cake talk.
YOUR FUTURE: You've spent far to much time holding things together that don't belong together. Today they come undone and you let them.
Oh, Sally, it's not what's gotten into me, it's what's gotten into Oprah! My seed, son! Ha ha h aha! I'm *rich*, bitch! Ha ha ha!
#Nw Family Guy
When people smoke weed in class and get caught and are like shit... I shuldnt have done that. Like nigga think. Ofc its gona smell.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
NAU, do you have to start construction outside of my window today? No one really cares about plumbing anyway.
Ha ha. So many scenarios... We are Highlanders, I just killed you w/ my sword & absorbed your power w/ a smile on my face.
Looking forward to Thursday's #isedchat The Digital Learning Process: Strengthening & Assessing 21st Century Skills w/Ferdi Serim-9PM EST
Quest Rent meet and greet 4-6pm tonight!
Did you know the Colts got Greg Manusky as defensive coordinator? Fellow 'gate alum :-)
Thanks for coming out last night!
Just saw Avengers 'cause all you Twits recommended it. Good call!
lmao who is that?
I need a massage like now
Wish I were at #dh11 - thanks to all there for their live tweets about what's happening!
yay for "dock to right" option for chrome dev tools. been popping it into its own window but to right is much better!
A bug keeps crawling back and forth on the picture above my desk. My sore back is discouraging me from getting up and slapping it silly.
#goodbye to you, you aren't worth it as much as my brothers are to me
Ah, thanks; somewhat surprising. Also congrats on the SS mention -- incredible company!
im very upset -__-
i just found out about this today! I hope you feel better soon and Congrats on the apt Therapy feature. :-)
we should do the SouthwestAir 12daysofluv, whoever wins we go on a trip together.
": A #Cancer's kiss is most sweet and passionate."
“: how far do you think the hawks will get in the playoffs.”<--Bro the sky is the limit.
Only me do I try to tiptoe gracefully and end up tripping over my suitcase and knocking down a lamp! hahah but I wanted that cookie so bad!
New trend at the intersec of park and Johnson. People honking at the lead right turning car waiting at the red light. Wtf is this new york?
Thanks for the #DoGood shout-outs! Have a great weekend!
glad to know people appreciate mint chocolate soy milk like I do <3
you and ARE THE CUTEST FRIGGIN THING. <3
First bottle of dreaming tree wine down so far tonight...
Chone Figgins, or Cone Diggins as my phone calls him, is on pace for 283 hits this season.
Guys day out. Takin my boys to see the chipmunk movie today.
Mrs. Hogan! HELLO!!!! Your just a sugar mama!!!! Pls stop!
your the best on restaurant impossible
If anyone in nashville wants to talk about the issues surrounding the upcoming election I'd be game. Disclaimer: I detest confrontatio ...
Aw man. Goodbye hugs for five minutes before showtime. Blue teeth and mascara streaks? Awesome.
whats up cool man! How's it been
What is the black square on the US flag on Gov Daniels' lapel?
The return of Arnaldo Vargas from DR. On now on
Waiting for the VMI to play in Big South Conference Championship game on ESPN2. Another game is running late
You can see right through me... thought you'd never do me...
Booked a commercial spot for Norms Restaurants (playing a surfer mom - not much of a stretch!)
don't do this month..Who sees it? Home alone on Saturday night..WATCHING MOVIES..LIKE IT
Loving all this gorgeous hair floating around the room! Natural Girls Rock - Atlanta
Red meat is not bad for you. Now blue-green meat, that�s bad for you!
threshold = actual-threshold + 1
yea I just meet him at one of the many ETF shows I've gone 2 :-)
#itsTimeForYouToRealize That homosexuals are human as well , we have morals and feelings <3 #TeamBisexual No Need to get treated differently
Thank you sir!
I had a couple glasses, but I really do love Adam Sandler. Punch Drunk Love, 50 First Dates, Spanglish. Love
People die everyday and we dont care but as soon as someone dies that you care about you wanna trip!
Just got that for android . . . Now I need one of you #iphone users to tell me how to use it
my iPhone 4s' life as a cell is officially dead after 30 days... now it's just an expensive iPod touch. time for a replacement again, apple.
Unfortunately, Congressman Bilbray will not be in attendance at our Clairemont Congressional Forum. Peters and Saldaña are still confirmed.
Trying to sleep. But keep waking up and the dogs snoring. Fml
Its suprisingly cold in south florida...weird
LOL, I sent the wrong video for my audition. I need sleep.
I have a lot of experience with web technology, backends, frontends, python/java/c/perl/html/js/linux/apache/sql/etc. Ex-googler.
Even though I was rooting for a few different golfers this weekend, how can you not love Phil Mickelson? Nice guy that finishes first.
Good :) Good luck and many blessings!
Appreciate the fact that you stepped in/up and made ish happen. Can't wait to see the ill vs rex battle. Salute.
I don't even know how you go about finding a mad cow. It ain't like witching for water.
YES. YES. YES.
I'll make a deal w/ u, if u buy Change is good & Better Weather, I'll give u the Kyle Burns "Camera Click " remix for free :)
we've DM-ed you the info, It hasn't gone public yet so pls keep it a secret for now!
Thanks alot bro
#LetsBeBlunt The MIAMI HEAT are gonna win the NBA Finals this year
RIP MEOW
I hate it when people talk to me like I'm fucking stupid
You got me yearning for some cake now, shoot. Ima have to run to Stater Bros!
Don't forget that the Bike-In Movie is tonight! We're showing Triplets of Belleville and will be there!
new phone! :/
I know, I know. I make Twitter look so easy, it looks like play!
your biggest Aussie fan, , has a birthday today! You know what to do!
You got a girl that doesnt look a thing like me, a girl that your momma always said it would be</3
And They Keep Replaying It! They Ain't Real! Lmao😝
Every time I hear Pedro Gomez, I expect Barry Bonds to be around and/or discussed. Kinda like Rachel Nichols and Brett Favre.
so did they like it?
I don't like shitting in the woods.
who is unaware of how awesome #st. johns in #north #portland is?
4 mile run listening to Tony Robbins... everyone should try it =)
Turkey fun fact: The average weight of a turkey purchased at Thanksgiving is 15 pounds
Thanks! I made it up myself! RT Shout out to for having the coolest job ever.
And everyone who enters is counting on a slice of that.
Shook the dance show with
preparing for some Friday Foolishness; followed by a Saturday Hangover!
Week feels like its gonna be long
wear red or green ;)
Oh come on. I know you can't stand Pres. Obama, but you can't just tweet an unqualified "thank you Mr. President" today?
People people people love will find it's way STOP rushing!!
When brainstorming have an open surface where everyone can interact with
Miss you too! :)
Pin:276A24F7 add me
mornin!!! At least you werent stuck next to a 'winer' last night in thw fridge!!!
woo! Almost yhere
Jamar can blow!!!!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Silent Gratitude isn't very much use to anyone." ~Gertrude B. Stein
": Where my freaks at??? I feel like following y'all ;) Follow for me ;)" jus followd bth can I plzz gt a followbk
i don't even know who you are anymore
My mouth as oyster tweet
you guys suck. Look at the boards regarding #TheFinder . You bring back #BreakingIn and make it suck and now this?
LOL what's a girl have to do to get a little link time? I'm heading to langdon farms now. Good luck. Maybe next time!!!
Loved the UK baseball game today
Easy money today at work!!! Listening to Jodeci on Pandora...Yeah Buddy!!! Happy bday love you USO!
S/O to all my new followers!!! I appreciate all the support... hope yall into good muzik like me!!! Let me know whats happenin in ur area!!
Which one of you drives a shiny red car and has good hair and beeped and waved at me on KK and Logan?
You know wussup.
On Fox Sport SW, the announcers felt that the call was overblown for a "wet willy."
PS: today is also Louis Farrakhan's birthday.
WOW!!! u so freakin lucky so wish i could go with u...
They always play that song on finales !
I worry that my President is, himself, too passive. These times require boldness and risk. Those who are able, must.
Happy Mothers Day to my gorgeous mother Rosalia <3
N I'm drunk
I'm your fucking prayers bitch.. You don't need money. Get on the corner like you usually do ;)
Tweet #AmexHM to get $10 back one time on your next purchase of $50 or more in US stores with your synced AmEx Card through 4/30/12
Don't be a menace is on!!
Fearing my adverbial demise already.
Hey great work on you made him a r for life :)
your welcome and Im grateful for the opportunity
#GirlsJustWantTo be loved for who they are
Terrible mood right now 😡😒.
I saw it and it was great.......lol
Crazy is just another name for someone who knows how to have fun. ;)
And Mortal Kombat!
Great question, Constance. And thanks for joining us for #4profitchat!
"The Dewey chronicles: .." (Corporation methods and practices destroy an otherwise healthy partnership legal firm.)
Who do i start at 2WR in a .5 PPR J. Maclin or Percy?
In the United States there is more space where nobody is than where anybody is. That is what makes America what it is.
Going to die tomorrow
Stamp indelibly on ur mind a picture of urself as succeeding. Never permit it to fade. Your mind will seek to develop this picture. Norman P
NMBravest thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Thinking of buying a new acoustic-electric, Gretsch G6022E, Taylor T5, Godin Multiac Spectrum, or Fender Jimmy Dean Kingman, any thoughts?
Last minute invite to , courtesy of Jane Lopes. Life doesn't suck at the moment.
favorite state? You can't say Indiana or california.
enjoying Sioux Falls before we do a show tomorrow at St. Thomas University, MN.
So my sorry no count redskins beat this team 2x this year. Someone pls xplain
I've only seen it up twice in 8 years. Lol.
Today Final Draft 8 arrived at my door. Tomorrow my new MAC ibook arrives. I can hardly await their union.
you are ridiculous, lol
RT : Traditional marriage, i.e., married 4 times and some side-trips for child sex in the Dominican, is under attack.
S/O to my new follower we got the same birthday! Gemini's!
RT : Well it might be me but the way I see it, the whole wide world has gone crazy. -Josh Turner
WTF is the hunger games!? I've never heard of it till I watched the news I saw it breaking records.
you want me to show austin that?
I almost hit this old lady today in my moms car, she yelled at me...so my mom and I chased her home.
Well, my day just got better! Spending.my lunch break getting to a little better. Such amazingly artsy folks.
because it is hehe
Keep Mjs name out ya mouth when talking about kobe bean ....lost 2 finals exited from playoffs first rd...and can't beat Denver at home lol
What happened? :/
"Oh look! SPIN's Top 100 Guitarists of All Time! This should be fun, number 100...Skrillex...(closes window)...
I just came across you and I followed you I thought it would be cool :) xx and I helped u out
LIMITED TIME PRINT SPECIAL** 100 Black Tees with White Print - only $4.25 per shirt! Free Shipping in the U.S. (excludes AK & HI).
hello im a person.with a brain.
If u wasnt invited dnt bother showing up
#ThingsThatBotherMe Are When Someone Calling Somebody Ratchet And They Stank. Niggah At The Main Moment You Ratchet And Stank. Smh. -______-
If I ever meet the Heat announcer i'd punch him in the throat.
U know it!RT : ": On the slick I'm really kind of pissed, but hey it is what it is... I keep moving" keep on pushing!
oh but do tell who wins the awards. Play by play like the Oscars!
Yesterday/last night was to much fun!! I have the best of friends ☺
yay awww that's so exciting. Watch it be a girl ! Omg we having a bbq babyshower in my backyard lol just for u
hahha what gave you that idea?!?!?
being comfortable is the most important thing lol. Always look at the glass half full
Looking for a few people to talk about an awesome HuddleHub contest idea! Hit me up via email! Patrick [at] HuddleHub [dot] com
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!!!! :P
Hopefully one day i get to see in my followers list<3
Young adult fiction, probably. All I have so far is a concept that came to me all at once recently.
i'd tweet keynote, but i cant iphone type that fast. remember: HUMOR helps solve hard issues. LIGHTEN UP.
Good morning ! How are you guys ?? Remember to like us on Facebook today :D ....have a wonderful day ! With love ER
wish i could turn off the "caring" function in my iOS, run a "dont give a" app
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home. ~Twyla Tharp
lol im trying
At the Chow family home in Clarksdale and its raining cats and dogs!!! Hope we don't lose power here...or maybe thatd be good for the show?
Q4 #libchat I wanted to get some experience in before the internship. Hrm...
What you don't know is that each time you tweet while at work it's reduced by .00436
I've slept in all about 3 hours today. And I've cleaned my entire room including dusting and vacuuming. And it's 11pm and I can't sleep :/
Reason 23 to love the BBA: the holiday spirit. It doesn’t matter the holiday, the businesses on the street show their spirit.
I have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and hunger.
THAT WAS TIGHT!
Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have
come with me! I miss your pretty face missy
Put some make up on you drama filled whore !
we good. And u?
Hey now... most valuable TO HIS TEAM! Without Stamkos, TB might have finished 11th!!!
Prep period at work so I am prepping,questions to interveiw and his band this Sunday on XPN2
hey i never went to prom either cause i had no interest, lets have our prom august 5 when i meet you ok?
The Cultural Center wishes success to all the Port Charlotte High students taking tests on our campus this week.
Thank you for the shout out:)! Hope you have a great week!
Councilman Cardenas: "We're all focused on getting out children back to school" -- LAPD, school police, schools
No countdown just make sure the fireworks are on time!
I Have A Personality That Can't Be Beat. ♥
Come and see what all the buzz is about. Fresh Healthy Food for the body!! Real food made by real hands. 17 years at this location!!
i thought more sleep was supposed to make you feel more rested?
Yeah, that's not the direction I was thinking.
wedding weekend. Bunch of us are bound for somewhere this eve
But started watching Twin Peaks last week & 3 eps in had someone on Twitter make a joke about The Killing revealing her killer. #sigh (2/2)
let's Go nationals ... ;)
How to Build a Bootstrapping Culture via
n i randomly blacked myself out, we got thru it tho, together
With will will we withstand, withsay.
Dave Beans is finishing up mixing Justin Markert's solo ep....
And you know my mom inspires me! I wish to do the same for my daughter, don't you?
Rejected Title for a Michael Jackson themed Cirque Du Soleil Show: Dirty Diana
So in Episode I, if Anakin kills Emperor instead of Mace, fulfills destiny, saves millions of lives. End of Story!
White House, meeting mayors, monuments...love this trip!
not a single regret
Back in Atlanta after WGI Championships w/ Atlanta Quest. Nice catching up w/ old friends. Now for my last finals of my college career..
love is pain disguised with hugs and kisses
just got home nothing special
#Soulive couldn't be any cooler
Are you entirely self-dependent? Can you live on your own?
- I can certainly provide more information using a non-public medium.
please follow me
Monday was Daylight Savings…so, by default this week gotta be Napping week? Pull yourself together later with a
hahaha it scared the shit outta me! I was convinced my phone was legit possessed or something
Lmao that's okay :D , me and Deanna are so excited for Friday-Saturday oh my god !
Your awesome! I just had to let you know that. :)
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! Hope you are digging into a giant feast and preparing to launch into a food coma.
is keeping their unlimited plan for the #iphone. Hope their system can handle it!
Thats was up RT : + performing live in #Hawthorne for a Speacial Occasion Dm me if you want to come
I hate being this way ; but life gave me no choice !
yup! Save travels Danielle!!!
Floyd can't beat Manny Pacquiao.....he duckin him. I got $500 on that fight....We all know he gone beat Ortiz but Manny that dude
If You Think I'm cute send me a :) If you think I'm sexy send me a ;) If You have a crush on me send me a <3
Don't get in the way if you not ready
Cant stop thinking about the Clam and Chili pizza from
Note: NSLog does not work in Android
Instead of Lori being mad at Rick for killing Shane, do you think she is mad at him for letting Carl become numb to death?
Katie, send me your address, and I'd be happy to send you a copy, too.
Everyone say "Hi Ashley!"
So this girl just talked to and they told her it was an extra $10 and she didnt hesitate to pay it
uhh it's called Triple Dog
super stoked that ozerskytv has returned!! Looking forward to lots of good episodes and gout flare ups lol!!
y'all ain't lilkids no more so quit playin games lol
haters will broadcast yourr failuree, but whisper your success !
Wanna put the "Mele" in your Kalikimaka? Reservations! Rooms, festive holiday dinners, group gatherings. We're decked out just for you!
Congrats! Great news!
When someone comes into your life. God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end.
Crabtree, do you have a tattoo on eye and that's why you dropped the pass?
is there a mtg tomorrow night?
#timeisnow town meeting tonight 7pm @ El Portal Theater in NOHO. Power in numbers dancers. Be there. RT
I'm to lame for that :o
Your Pizza was awesome tonight at #ppandf2. Thank you for everything!!
So... it's MLS Supporters Week. ALL OF THEM, Simon Borg. ...I like making fun of that. A lot.
What makes me feel happy is ___________________ (fill in the blank)
How did I turn into such a worthless LA weather punk? It's 60 degrees and it happens to not be sunny and it feels like a weather emergency.
#nowplaying Today's Hit Music on ZM Auckland 91.0 -- They just played "Young Homie" by
you are welcome! Merry Christmas
HAHAHA....NO WAY!!! That's awesome. Did you say it complete w/ an accent?
Another one of my ideas and discoveries is a process I call "Sensory-Feedback." Similar to biofeedback, but uses your feeligs as feedback.
Justin tweeted ''thank you for the time i had with you but i have to move on..'' & then he deleted it . I hope him & Selena don't break up:/
Pumped for some much-needed #zumba tonight!
S/O to the team on the "Story Bridge" Project.
Indiana Jones and I are the same person because we both hate snakes and we like hats
Thinking he's not interested anymore...
Facebook won't load. Erg #twitter >>>
dont you drive a mercedes? Fag
hehe thanks for the most amazing day ever!!! i love you!!! :D i wish you didn't have to leave though. :(
...but I still love you tho! RT It is a hoax. I've been hacked. So sorry.
ok whats with all the d*ck and coochie talk today? lol
If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I
Car trouble Lost car keys (for 30 min) Traffic
Thrilled that is partering w/ us again as a media sponsor for Luck of the Draw 2012!
thanks emailing u now.
I like you.
She needs to quit playin hop-scotch
😃“: HEY EVERYONE - We will be premiering our new song "Desiree" tomorrow exclusively on ! Who's excited?”
omg golf course today... #freakingout 😁
somebody was in a tweety mood today
thanks for the follow!
High drama in the sources today: financial mismanagement, mutual accusations, and missionaries who were never officially appointed!
With that last tweet I meant changes moving forward 4 the future, not at the very present.
Shopping at www.MadeInCalifornia.Net
I know it's very forward but the whirl pool is key.
NextBig Teen goal is to provide teenagers with a positive outlet in which to showcase their talent in a positive environment nextbigteen.com
Closing the office early for the long holiday. Happy 4th Everyone!
What's your favorite thing about networking? Let us know.
lol, nice to see you angel!
At this point, isn't it easier to report who's staying with their teams? RT : Merv Lindsay to transfer from Kansas, per school
One day I'm gonna buy some rangers tickets and bring .
Today has been the longest day ever! And such a good day. Big thanks to my awesome producer !
So much things to say
Whose clues.? Blues clues.!
RT : Who else is loving this weather today in #Corvallis? Amazing! <-It's great!
Never a lip is curved with pain That can't be kissed into smile again. ~ Brete Harte ~
TRAFFIC - EB Belt @ Todd Dr/ Fish Hatch - 1 car crash on the median + injuries
Now that Maron goes on with Carolla...dead to me
#BabySwagRT He's just contemplating Life!! He's a thinker...LOL
personally, I love chocolate milk :)
u do know u've started a type of war/obsession now...right? i'm gonna reply to all the tweets u send me...get ready for it!
On with no internet.
Just watched Adjustment Bureau. Fun to watch. Theologically flawed, but fun. Matt Damon could have had more fight scenes too.
goddamn i love halloween.
Murray here from Coming back from an amazing conference at
Me: How'd I do on the radio? Dan: This relationship is over.
Sad news about Dick Clark.
That awkward moment when your eyes randomly start watering.
Ugh. I was hoping there would be an improvement this year.
lmaooo we was out here al night
Dance like no ones watching? Yea until that shit gets a million views on YouTube, don't be stupid.. dance like everyones watching
Bears are history
Not sure the name, but I have a green, shammy type shirt that I really like. Are you really a ninja btw?
Where the hoes at???
Oops, make that Matusz ends a 12-decision losing streak on the night Buck Showalter gets his 1,000th managerial win.
“Honor Holds Itself Accountable to Ideals of Courage, Integrity, and Respect Regardless of an Audience”
me, just finished a big catering. At home, but still in that moment. (Meaning: I can't go to sleep!)
per Ty Rattie will not play in Game 2 tonight. But He did not suffer a concussion on yesterday's hit.
Ha. Whoa, careful that's an antique! RT : Is this microphone on?
Watching Romeo must die... I love Aaliyah!
Busy Day Lindsay?? Posts Bail After Jail Sentence Spent Court Day Grieving For Grandfather Heading To Jail For Probation Violation
Morning, Martin! Well, it's not even midnight for me yet. :))
Where where where
Black dick inside me>>>
We are glad you are excited about #JazzAppreciationMonth we are too!
Today is the nite cali invasion 4 at corner latino club party all nite #mastermind records
I give her pleasure love and pain
RT : Miles scores 28-19. Golden Bulls in the lead.
Just found out that my book has been nominated for a literary award from the Library of Virginia!
de nada ... i don't suppose you've heard of anyone doing something similar for Phoenixville or Chester County?
Finishing guitars today for the Dollface EP...
when people tell me my hair is pretty >>>
Thank you to all who attended our first art auction! Couldn't make it? It's okay. Stay tuned as we work to create an online auction.
The Document Wiki is backup. Thanks for reporting to us.
Would love to try! RT : Your Single Finger (the Middle) IPA is delish. Best home brew I've ever had.
Thank you very much, we love you too! RT : I love the Habitat ReStore <3
Thanks RT : Would you give your spirit to the rest of the "Appeasement Democrats" - Americans ARE behind you Nancy..
#np another night
Matt Mammosser is a junior at Joliet Catholic who plays football& was diagnosed with brain cancer help us trend
So our new single "Home Is Calling" is going to be released soon! Anyone as excited as we are?!
My mom needs to start telling me before she invites people to our house so I can at least put on a bra.
Literally just got goosebumps thinking about the playoffs. Either it was that or the PA 30 degree weather...
Come check out surrender night club
12 hours go by and I'm back in set.... Here we go again...
Damn these people's house is nice asf.they're living the good life
All she wants is to be a good, responsible co-parent
the only way I'd support that would be if it meant cheaper :)
I think ARod is going to reach 600 HR today!
Kinda rainy here must be from the hurricane 2800 miles away ....LOL
Lindsay Lohan on #SNL #FTW!
I'm getting lunch. Perhaps I will stop by.
Fortune favors the brave. - Publius Terence
Missing the bus is Gods way of telling you to stop in Einstein and grab a bagel
All I do is toss and turn...
Go High Flyers!
Meteorologist, or Meaty Urologist? #twoverydifferentscientists h/t Terry Meiners
Had a Blast At The Performance Yesterday! I'm Glad Everyone Enjoyed It <3
Elon Musk is the creator of Paypal, who took his earnings and built SpaceX.
checking out the blog and the 7 Steps to a Flat Classroom project.
nigga u 10 toy cars don't count Lil steve
Going to check out ! Come on tweet peeps, #FF they are looking for new followers!
Thanks so much for sharing the imagination post, Phil! And for re-sharing it, & Have a great night. : )
Wanna fall in love
Dwight Swanson talking about Helen Hill's love of home movies
Yea. U know my lease up in July RT : u moving?
See you tomorrow for the 2 p.m. Mayor's holiday parade in Hampden, Maryland!
Not necessarily disagreeing with you here. It's hard to bring everyone all at once.
Cincinnati Composers Laptop Orchestra Project: Wednesday (2/8), UWM Recital Hall (2400 E. Kenwood), 7:30 pm, free. Network music live!
Rockin the low cutt socks and the vans today
Uh something is missing o.O
Definitely is! Interesting thinking back on tests, and considering what people do/don't understand, etc.
Congrats! RT : It's our 5th year anniversary today! We have big plans for the next 5 years, stay tuned!
Music needs a bail out
Yes. ABC coverage is awful. And they didn't cover the arrivals of A-listers like Gwyneth and Angie like E! would have.
Lease is signed (tentatively) for the new place, now I just have to hope everything checks out. Writing a pair of $1900 checks was weird tho
"You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one." stolen by the lovely
G.M.N.I.: Can I whisper spanish sweet nothings in your ear while caressing the small of your back?
Money make me cum so I get wetter than a hand.
I've literally been in my car all day, just driving. Can I get a break yet?
bored i saw haunted airman gay movie i mean it was ok but hate the endin dnt waste ur time
If you ladies like that bedroom R&B follow my homie #teamHustleLife his shit is hot!!!!!
AIN'T ENOUGH OF THIS CLOTH FOR US ALL TO BE CUT FROM❕❕❕❕
I lost my mother & today I felt for Newt.But Newt and his gang are for bad ideas.I'll feel no pain for them when they lose to the President.
Today is Friday, yes!!! Finally Friday
We're ant killers.
Worked around the clock.. Should be sleeping but, NOT. #vacation!! Hard work is paying off ;-)
Why no mention of the play being blown dead on the Brees fumble by Collinsworth and Michaels?
Will you guys follow Claire's brother
You created a lot of opportunity for those young guys. Spanky, Adam Blackstone, ect...Those talented dudes owe a lot to you.
honest John.
good. i got a new cell phone just to tell you!
hooray! & I'm *trying* to make onion chutney so I can have a british butty. ;-)
Is compliance keeping your company from engaging your community? Feeling handcuffed?
thanks, Roman! I don't think that text is online. It's worth finding, though.
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 62F MOSTLY CLOUDY
Today is the day for all of us to join & #OccupyLA. Another march @ noon. 3rd & Hope
Ah, the "pressed Ayn" prank. Schoolboy classic.
I officially have final cut pro!
better late than never
of course not! I know things happen, I've had thing happen!
A champagne supernova in the sky..
Scratch that: Who had the lowest? And how did you do it?
(But also be mad cool) can't forget about that.
Winners never quit and quitters never win. ~Vince Lombardi
I always do. Can't wait for some longer lasting warm weather and a few evenings in The Yard.
I can handle that. Just tell me when I need to be at the airport. Phoenix Sky Harbor is preferable.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. ~ Nelson Mandela
Our God is Great!
I pray these two la women sleep thru the night...
#eviltip 01 Wear sunglasses to stare at random women's personalty all day and not feel bad about ever fucking ever
I'm Serious <3
We love you Erin! Thanks so much for the support! <3
"His tone suddenly changes to gutteral soapbox denunciation and he pounds on the table."- ICEMAN COMETH
I used to hate when my softball coach told us to " go shag balls" that was my key to leave...⚾
Saw the film #Unthinkable plays a terrifying character. No signs of Brian Clough or Tony Blair anywhere.
Who skateboards through their high school hall? That random surfer dude at Bayside does....duh.
hi I love the photos what nice memories for us
we shall see
It is useless to close the gates against ideas; they overlap them.
sure did. Amazing country and wonderful people
"You always pass failure on the way to success. --Mickey Rooney"
Working all day on orders need a little break going to a friends Christmas party tonight, much needed!
things have been pretty good dude! hbu?
Schnabel is gone, but his 'skin' never looked better, Angel Otero! (Buy yours now, the prices are going up...)
Had to sacrifice my l&p to the airport security gods :(
It's why I stopped using Groupon. Only use it at places I already buy from.
Five 30-minute segments? I could do lambdas. Josh would be great on generics. Dynamic anyone?
There was this one song that I listened to 178 times in 1 night, and now I can't bear to listen to it anymore.
Night Jamz feel the dark.
LOL Tell your prof, Firefighter is the correct term.also a classification used to denote levels of ntnl certs. FFI, FFII etc.
To all the new ppl that are following me... .Thankx for the follow bk... looking fwd to networking w/ everyone!!!
i think you should follow me at 10:11 cause that would be 11:11 for me(; see what I did there?
The fact that we live in a small FS PR world is why I didn't bother having goodbye drinks - see you Tuesday at FS Tweetup NYC!
I'm gonna watch Monsters Inc tonight #kitty!
holla at for them vids I was talmbout earlier!
Just tapped Tasman red at !
One reason why I am single: Paul Higgins.
Will not bend will not be broken
Good morning everyone(:
thank you. i will
If u all saw Justin at Starbucks wht would u guys do??
2 years ago, I was in the House chamber watching HCR pass. This week, it kept me from paying for an ER visit out of pocket.
I'm in a mermaid streak right now and have read OF POSEIDON, LIES BENEATH AND MONSTROUS BEAUTY. All of which are YA.
which match will you be watching live tomorrow afternoon? I need some advice.
Found gr8 reading treasures @ Acorn Bookshop in Grandview 2day. Love #usedbooks and their musty old smell.
Last day to submit #costar #powerbroker deals. Don't miss out on being recognized for you hard work in 2011!
Usually keep them on books until they fall apart (the jackets, not the books). Our daughters hate them on their books and toss.
shut up Dean(; you know why I did that right?
thxs for prayer. 1st surgery went well but bro will have leg amputated Fri, cont prayers plz
damn need the number for that huh!? 👎
goin hard with the jezzy mix.
This summer is boring :/
RT : “How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” – Anne Frank
PPLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE NOTICE ME!! PLEASE
Just sent a picture to our teacher from formal
going to volleyball for the first time in months.
well, the 3rd bad thing has come to pass: MY 1980S MIXTE MOTOBECANE WAS STOLEN! making them good: get a $500 dollar bike that fits perfect
lol sucks to sucks
No matter how many strategies you use, you won’t get fit if you aren't having fun. If you don't enjoy traditional workouts, try a class!
Where are you now?
Going to docs.... Drivin in the snow... Last day off...
Wizard needs food
he didn't seem to mind... But then we lost Niall, so we had to find him in a movie theater.. But DON'T WORRY ..We found him
Beyondthescoreboard.net the made the right decision by playing big Ben. He is the toughest qb in the league
THANX SWEETY! I WILL SAVE UR NUMBER..THANX FOR THE VIP INVITE :)
I'm looking for a one stop shop where I can get highlights, a Superman tattoo, and sing Born to Be My Baby karaoke style.
#HoodAccountPasswords take care
will Ed talk to me?
I know I have a Nick Collison Supersonics t-shirt somewhere in the archives!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 59F OVERCAST
Hope you taped it! Would love to see it.
Bengals still in it.
Heading to Big D to see the HOGS own ksu!!
"Police escorts, everybody passport, this the life that everybody ask for" - livin it up in Monaco tonight!! :)
Picking up at the OC airport then lunch in Newport and off to A2!! afterparty tonight!! So stoked!!
Thanks to follow me =)
These hoes don't like chipotle....lol the fuck wrong with them
good luck getting #parentshavedaballinmachines trending. you might have something with
So sleepy. I wish a certain someone was here so I could fall asleep in his arms. Oh well. I guess I'll have to wait 2 more days!
True Story- I saw Menace II Society at the $1 theatre. First time I was a minority at a movie. Brought back many to see it
like what you're doing, check out I think you'll like what we are doing! #athletesunite!
Fuck the midterm was harder than I expected ._.
It was time to dust off the ol' twitter page & get active again! Fun to see you here!
"you can see the corn from my lunch this morning in the toilet"-Joey how am I related to this kid.
I am a huge fan! I would live to perform at your club!!!!
Ha, yes, I suppose I am less than consistent with my tweets. ;p But, yeah, persistence has paid off!
Yesterday was National Pie Day. Today is National Peanut Butter Day. So a peanut butter chocolate bomb pie is like two celebrations in...
OMG THE CATS!! LOL!!
#11nb Fleet/Boston, 8:32 on time. Thank you for a good week!
I was faking it the whole time cause you SUCK. #trashyourextuesday <3
no, that's why i am not looking forward to it....LOL!!!
didn't you have a family member that was a kleptomaniac?
omfg, i need my bestie. miss her lots.
I dont always wear my heart on my sleeve, but when I do it always gets hurt.
screaming so loud they'll hear us in LA, we're popping like pink champagne
Hahaha why u insulting the race?!? Lmaol
field trip to portland! RT missing last yrs guest! A toast to you!
This is going to be one of the biggest choice of my life.
End to a great and busy day! Just pulled 2 live Barbwire ET full sib calves.
sounds great! Good luck finding some roommates!
New drinking game: Take 1 shot every time you see a dick on Omegle. Catch: The game can only humanly last for 10 mins.
I dont want to sound like a creeper or anything but you are gorgeous!!!
The qualities of a great man r "vision, integrity, courage, understanding, the power of articulation, & profundity of character." Eisenhower
If you have never come in for Swing Dancing, you should! Jumpin' Jive Club will provide lessons, we'll provide the liquid courage!
Each person must live their life as a model for others
I went bust playing poker last night, but some new threads will definitely help me get my swag back.
Our sponsors: ,,,Ranger Games,Atlas Games,Chaosium,Pinnacle,Holistic Design,Flying Buffalo,Amarillo,Con-Troll!
Meeting this morning w/ principal re 504 plan 4 little 1. Hours of research have already gone into this. Nervous, hoping it goes well.
people be talkin bout the best years of their life...i hope the best year of my life is the year i leave this Earth..
I can't stand you go away
Oh yeah!!! BTW, big fan of your tweets. If you come watch game we will flatter you the whole 3rd quarter.
Dear Boston, please stop experiencing rain conditions... Thanks, Amanda and
going shopping c:
So true #BelindaCarlisle #GreatestHits RT : not as much as everyone is loving my ebony and ivory tights
Rats indeed. Hopefully you can make it to the mid-west. Mark the week of July 23rd (details TBA to the c4l community)
I think the DEA calls that "peer pressure."
not many but seems to be a new trend and he may have started it
TONIGHT - Thursday Night Trend with DJ's A.I. & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!
Congrats to Rangers fans. Well-played. It was a good series. Caps will return to play another day.
Who says The Mayhem Karma doesn't work? The future may be evil, but it's bright for many!
I think I'm just too conflicted to recognize what can make me feel better.
New Pic of BMW E39 Posted on FB. Check it out! www.facebook.com/Need4SpeedMotors
Good Night :))
Just blogging about home fire safety. . . To learn more, go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com
We had a great time talking with Central Catholic students as they did drive-text simulator. Can you guess their surprising admission?
That sucks 779 sounds great , tough loss . Goodnight my friend hope everything work out .Clemson wont get my money nomore either
whats up man
RT I am so very p90xsore today. Why didn't someone remind me that writing>exercise
you are more than welcome to join us:-) its like a mini vocation
Wondering about you...miss and love.
Yo mom its your son:)
This #motivational #blog for writers by will light a fire under your laptop. Check it out at ttp://www.angiekinsey.com RT
I had a college friend who judged her boyfriends by who would read Dessen at her suggestion :-P
i would be very surprised if both or even one cleared waivers. (White-Kennedy)
fighting fighting fighting fighting. EVERYDAY
Some nice weather today... On the way to Key Largo from St. Pete...
that's like a crime for the Baggerly family!!
Your name or someone's name in general?
ugh i know. LE CREY SO DISSAPPOINTEDDD
just saw that you blogrolled me on your site...thank you so much!!
The Process is: Understanding that your wounds create hardships for you, but overcoming them creates your uniqueness.
Recovery is slow, and it sucks. Worst week of my life but things are getting better i hope
Food truck parade!
Hi Caitie! Thanks for checking in! Are you having a good time?
Haha I don't think all of twitter wants to see my gushing finger!
Less than 5 minutes away from a chance to win a trip to Miami Beach for the
“: It's only a matter of time until Facebook adds “friend-zoned” as a relationship status.”
i love you baby <3
TY for the tweet! We are very excited for Thursday!
this shit is crazy!!
SMART metrics: smart, measurable, attainable, relevant, timely
#BackInTheDayEhenIWasAKID I ALWAYS HAD MY HAIR DONE IN BRAIDS WITH THE BEADS TO MATCH MY OUTFIT
Phew. For a moment I thought you'd set the brownie ON the comics.
SO this maybe thunderstorm got me... so broil in the oven or BBQ? thoughts?
OUT OF MY WAY TOMBOY!
Guest performance for Music In Motion Dec.2nd Lakeside, CA - more info under our FB BandPage music player. see you there! #GETINTOIT SD!
Shakira's theme song for the World Cup isn't going over well with South Africans who are offended by the choice of a Columbian performer.
doing a great job on Calm, reasoned and positive.
how did the presentation go?
Haha - thanks for the correction. My mom passed yesterday and it freaked me out for a sec. Then I laughed. <3
thirsty thursday
Thanks for the advice
hideous d-bag only begins to describe...
Why is it so hard for a smart, young, black college student to get a job. I'm doing everything right!
mexican bull rancher says he has clay for quevri. from his adobe mine
Little Rock Central High offers eight world languages!
Only the Savior could have endured all this for us...
