having an ignorant opinion is fine. Expressing an ignorant opinion is ignorant. Don't be stupid.
i want a baby french bulldog and i would name him Bobby Boucher
Great to meet you too. & I are BIG fans of your maker creations!!!
Sending faxes to someone's home telephone # is one of the best parts of my day. "Hello? Hello? HELLO?!?!".
Danica is in the shootout? Why is she there?
the supply was soo funny. she's one of the best. & what were you saying in the gym today? i didn't understand :$
this made me smile - thx :-) “: Aaaaaarrrrggghhh!!! My dumb dog just ate an entire box of candy canes!”
Crawfish Boil at Judges Vinnegaroon from noon-8 at Church & 18th TODAY.
okay - sounds good.
Soo my horse threw me today, and I landed on my head. Thank God I was wearing my helmet.
Reign over me may be the most under rated movie of the last decade...if you haven't seen it fix that
I guess so
so true, this is a good one.
...and then the container store catalog made everything better!
Had a great time at last night. It was great to see the always radiant as well. Can't wait for next month!
- I want to say it was "Balloon Man" that got me started with Robyn. I'm a sucker for a silly pop tune. :)
My friends are the best<3
So the day is winding down and I starting to think about my game plan for the coming week
it was great!!
#3WordsOfAdvice stop being stupid.
whoa now calm down!
Thank you. Much appreciated.
Do You Use These Recruiting Tactics For Your MLM Sponsoring?
Good morning, everybody! Hurray! Its Wednesday! Yay!
Thank You! Glad to hear we could help. We love feeding you guys at the news!
depressed how excited single ppl r 4 Halloween. Inevitable disappointment looming over their heads. Like watching a dying man trying to walk
Im tellin ya DODGERS takin it all the way this year will be 50/50 and my next RECORD will go Platinum!
SWEET! Zen got a double shot out! (stefan)
What are you doing this weekend?
Uh, that's a bit scary. Hopefully he isn't too serious about the polish. Ok if it's a gag
I am soo confused this morning.
“: "First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they fight you. Then you win." - Mahatma Gandhi”
do a vlog on your favorite songs!
might've been too soon to make that joke. but you're still drinking, so i figured...
We're so glad you enjoyed yourself! We hope to see you again soon!
In a just world, there would be no repercussions for me turning around and punching the Sabres fan behind me in the jaw. Repeatedly. Unt ...
i LOVE SMITH..but while his series goes on i am less impressed..Tennant got better as he went along
His tweets sound like a third grader writes them, which would have been ok had he not gutted the WI education system.
who the fucc is this knockin at my window ?
so cute <3
If my life were a movie, it would be titled "Overheated Car Part 35283653535652." The End.
It's a beautiful morning in Bozeman, but I was hoping for 75 degrees and sunny.
#Martin, A Storm of Swords (Song of Ice & Fire/Game of Thrones #3). Still not entirely sure what all the fuss is about.
Brumder Mansion Gives a 50% Discount on all Rooms Mon-Thur Active Military & Veterans with Military ID time of Check in Call 414/218-2202
only folklorists would "knit" resources together :-P
Exactly. Going to kings island last friday was the most I've done in months ....
DIY Planter Patio Umbrella Stand
Is in serious need of caffeine. here I come!
dont worry I will see ya ass soon! Party came before :)
The Heat spent all they money on the Big 3 Now they post game is suffering b/c they have NO quality good ones.
Right on. No getting around it.
why you still talking that bullshit though?
if there is a conference committee...
What an extremely expensive day I had!!! Tomorrow is going to be just as expensive. I just have to keep telling myself it's an investment
But I don't want to live that way.
keeps telling me how dark I've gotten (from track) & she's making me feel bad :(
tonight's agenda: wash, pack, surf the web, kick it with Aaliyah
Well yeah, because you weren't in on it!
none of the boys that i want to meet inspired me to sing the jonasbrothers did but the 3boys did showme how to never give up andshowed me
aww I miss u guys. Let's drink copious amounts together soon.
I love this TEAM
Premium Weds!!! & behind the bar. & are here! AND & party rockin!
let god deal with the things they do, cuz all that hate will consume u to0!....lol heard will smith on the radio this a.m lol
RT : Musically frustrated.
today is a ugly day it be raining all morning bro wow
' Need him to grow a bak bone , been asking for to long now!!
Thanks to #BT2Duke for the inspiration & clarity today. Was feeling lost abt prof future. Came @ the right time. Now, off to eat!
I look horrid today smh
like the Hunstman girls except serious and therefore unfunny
how many people? You guys get preferential treatment?
- I blame the coaching first, players second! Pacers are in the bonus every quarter and yet the Heat settle for jumpers!
Lyon argues that persuasion inherently implies terminus, therefore it is not useful theory for deliberation.
Ooh, great suggestions! I've heard a lot about Trespass, too. Checking sample now, thanks!
Romantic Tip #327 - Does your partner love speed and thrills? Plan your next vacation around the best rollar coasters in the U.S.!...
little rory is all grown up.
I think its because everyone has the same provider
careful listen to ur body, but I'm sure u already do
#Nashville is trending...we live in Nashville. Are we "trendy"?
Blood flows down one leg and up the other.
ur like god. U have changed the world, and taught lessons to people. I love U . Please follow me
WTF Wednesdays at Davenport Lounge SA! $2 drinks all night, no cover 21+
What is Xtina wearing? Really!
No plans so far and you?
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
The media has nothing better 2 do. B blessd! Joyce
$GS will crack the financials again as more downticks to follow in the group. Pressure just starting again.
make your 3rd one in 3d....
Im bored
Little Giants is on right now, totally remember loving this movie way too much. What an adorable little person you were. :)
Off to work soon. Hate working retail. Fake compliments are better than ever, sad to be such a good liar? Need to get that #internship soon.
not very encouraged that couldnt even keep track of the item to help me get it. stores by me never had it and it wasnt online.
Hey Roy Williams Owners! Looks like he will be OK for week 1, maybe 2. Nice bottle of Wine and a Shoulder Massage and he'll be just fine!
Happy mothers day to all the moms!
always great to bump into you!
he'll be starring in my dreams tonight. That counts in my book.
I think everyone's a 10, higher of they have log hair, dreads, got in trouble with the law, and isn't white
Ahh...Haven't been on this in forever D:
hey sis remember that ray cash bumpin my music????
Hahah my daily life consists of mean girl quotes cuz of the shit that happens to me! Lmfao, I swear I say one every hour -_-
who wants to be my valentine?
One of my teachers once told me, "If you never ask, then you'll never know." I guess curiosity doesn't always kill the cat.
Chances are, your competition hasn't heard of this yet.
RPD Chief Sheppard just offered condolences to Larie Butler's family. But they still have not confirmed it was her body in the pool.
A phrase, btw, which makes me think of "The Godfather" for some reason.
Pfizer races to reinvent itself; plans to reduce its research budget
Morning everyone! Only a few more days until we get to watch #SportingKC dominate again.
There isn't a moment of truth. The truth is already there, the moment is when we discover the truth.
what hotel r u booking at?
Has no life for the next three days.
WHOS WATCHIN THE CMAS katy perry i love u n ur dress
My computer is already having issues and it's not even 9 AM!!! Maybe it's a sign #HappyFriday friends!
Dinner and a movie or long walk on the beach?
For all of those who have served or are currently serving in the Armed Forces, thank you. You are always
Am ridiculously pleased with #USPSforever stamps I just ordered: Indy 500, AmScientists, Owney, Disney, Ships, Edward Hopper-just awesome!
#ItsFunnyHow I'm trying so hard and yet you don't even care . <|3
Love to see all your fans connecting with you on here!!
Twitter, quit being a cunt & let me change my background. Mine is quite white & I don't like it. Let me add some pictures. Thanks! x
Good morning😘
Too bad the Vikes wont still be there “: #Vikings will have a 5 year exclusive rights window to bring in an MLS franchise to MN.”
#Aztecs (W) open conference play at home tonight vs TCU at 8pm. Make it out if you can...on The MTN if you can't.
it's only 1:12 in the morning. I'm usually still up. I just don't tweet this time of night.
Well good night #tweedos work in the AM ♬haha they was sleeping on me Z ♬
We love just off the Plaza. GREAT walk-in opportunities M-F 8:00-:30 & 5:00-:30 plus weekend appointments.
ahahah really.?! and i LOVE your name:D
Call us or drop us an email! We can probably help you.
Gonna try this chicago transport system 4 the 1st time.
Blanke does typology of self-portraits according to how they relate to autoscopic hallucinations or out-of-body experience. cool.
Thanks everyone for making last night a success. We had a great time and it was awesome to see so many familiar and new faces out there!
u got tatted folks
Yes, I am an agent of Satan, but my duties are largely ceremonial
I need something different, you know it. Oh oh you know it.
I love seeing you give shout outs to former Gators.
i think i figured it out 65+ would then be $7250 for single standard deduction. will u reply with Y/N with that #
Thank you for adding me to your e-zine!
They are little people... My little fish waves goodmorning to me each day. They are so much more if we give them a chance...
They say sarcastic shit about injured players but God forbid, if it's Sid everyone wants pity.
Yup. Depressing, infuriating, hilarious.
Lots of random acts of kindness today. Keep it coming NY!
YAYYYYY!!! RT : Thanks !! So excited I won tickets to a sneak peak of #BigMiracle!!
tough to critique..there's great depth in the app. Hm, custom news; user-generated/selected source(s)? Encourages user engagement.
:) still here. 116 n grant
what am i doing today? OMProcrastination.
We appreciate you following Poised Creation Las Vegas!
Looking for a filmmaker to shoot a promo video of our rehearsal this Sunday. Any volunteers?
not much of a game...a Kentucky win would really help my 10TV bracket
I wish "revoked in the face of widespread ridicule" was a fact more often.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys!?
plus my friend who killed herself because of ppl making fun of her.
#webserieschat Without being established in tv how do I make my show successful? www.terriblepeopleshow.com
PH UNDER 7
hahaha, it is pretty true. on the flip side my favorite dogs are little ones because they remind me of cats, lol
UC Vs. Nature. Many of the issues in this session are still around.
One Direction concert May 28 ilmlll
My dad making fun of all the spectators at the Masters.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!
#TheBestPartOfMyDay was using Wrecking Balm®
got dem racks ... Listen to it
No offense taken. Yes, my focus on the historical & conceptual aspects of art in times of revolutionary struggle was perhaps
Hey Ken! Thanks for the follow. Your website is great! Love the photos from Jordan
And they won't accept "queso." Go figure.
sweet potato!RT : What's #POPnewflave? RT Like salty snacks, how about a sweet tooth?
he had tweeted a column from peggy noonan and I replied that they were a perfect match having both sold out to Obama.
Consider yourselves liked so much.
do they make beard tiaras because if they do....I'm taking Thursday of!
If you retweet sumn dat i tweet & i dont follow you , I just might follow you . .
Internet timeout.
. "Twi-ximity" is a term I've created to describe the coolness one feels by following super people like you.
I could really go for some Gates BBQ and KC Tea
Betcha didn't know that a great white's teeth aren't connected to it's skull. Yeah, i don't really care either!
Just heard yet another New Pornographers song in a commercial. Had no idea they were such jingle writers.
all bad lol
Those who follow FloCo on Twitter can come into the University office and get a coupon for FREE Burrito Loco!
wow you poor thing RT : that anyone who gets on a plane w a guitar carry-on smells like patchouli. #dontsitnext2mehippie!
BoA just sent me a card with Visa number and CVV clearly legible on internal packaging. Maybe package differently? Unnecessary exposure.
#Detroit is home to one of America's biggest corp in the world - ask GM what they've done for the communities of Detroit?
I can't find my pants!!!
RT : I think women view OTHER women who seem to use their "attractiveness" to get ahead at work much harsher ... #dthr trudat
What does this look like? --- 🔱
mother is stable, but she needs to be better, I am so worried. So much pain my heart.
But then told me it was a cute idea 😒
La Bete with its rhymed verse and fraudulent clown Sat, St. Bart's book group today, and now I'm off to the Halloween parade and festivities
i did mommy:D
Feels like "short-track guru" would be much cooler on my business cards than Strategic Development
I honestly think A was Oprah Winfrey.
Happy Hour now (2-for-1’s til 7:00 ), and our $10 all-you-can-drink tap beer special tonight. Yup, must be
jealous! it is probably beautiful there right now!
RT : RT : I contributed to this article // 6 tips for documenting your family trip with shout-outs to and...
Wish I could turn 'Hyphenation' to OFF by default for paragraphs, I think Photoshop is still in denial that Web Designers use their program.
you do the same
Who is winning Preakness tomorrow?
me& r so excited4 #bieberday where every1 in our skool is wearin purple<3we r even dyin tips of our hair purple
im not scared giubs im not scared
I don't understand you at all! Grrr!
RT I think that every human being has an innate sense of "I". Islands in the stream. That is what we are.
Volka was water an I was a duck I swimm to the bottem an never come up but volka not water an I'm not a duck so pour meva class an shut up
The best thing is how much my dogs love to work, we have so much fun together.-Steve W., Bellefonte, PA
goodnite be bless
Wishing I hadn't been right - that the Colts would be our Broncs. Oh, well, upward and onward to a wild card spot - you bet.
my boyfriend should marry me cause' that'd be super rad.
ESPN2 #BlacklightPartyOct22 Giving out free tickets!!!!
is leading a Social Media Symposium at #MdHS right now!
⌂ Oh wouldn't you just like that? Getting to see Kottaras everyday, & without a mask for a better view. ツ
My twitcon sucks ._. I need to put up a new one !
Research on elite performers reveals 3 main factors which help to maintain ‘Mind Toughness’: i) internal motivation & desire; 2) strong
Dumb cunts posting shit about Obama. How about you learn a thing or two before you go running your unintelligent mouth?
RT : are you planning on using the sculpt directly? Not baking the details on a low poly? // Yes, bake.
Not a fan of standing on lines, I've avoided going to Turns out that it's worth the wait!
This one guy came up to me and said company offers a $1,000 referral fee. And I'd be more than willing to split it.
My stomach hurting i think im like
Keep your feet on the ground and your thoughts at lofty heights. -Pilgrims
That's sweet of you, but short of a new knee, not sure. :) I'm going to see a sports med ortho sometime this month or next.
What a cutie James!! (oh and the baby too...hahaha) Thanks 4 sharing.
love it.
And some people will leave you wondering, "What just happened here?"
Thanks to everybody that came out to the Improv Gym last night! We crushed environment and spadework.
": Of all the strategems, to know when to quit is the best. -Chinese Proverb"
Saw that too. Very bright. Was out fishing until past dark. Beautiful evening.
At the Labor Ed workshop, older activists want to know how to reach out to younger activists It's all about building relationships.
Thursday already... Welcome:
Tebow will be starting by October Romey. People like him don't fail.
haha well if you do it, call me :a hahaha :D
Yeah. Wanna talk to her?
me, me me!
yeah just sick of it it is a daily thing
The best gift exchange ever. Leopard print panties, bacon toothpaste, and the Book of Mormon.
"And what about fat people's rights?" ......alright you lost me
Good morning and Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there and a BIG shout out to all my riders. Newark Bike Blessing today. Go bannanas.
This ish Cray! About to enroll for a 2nd bachelors. RT : I haven't been there in forever!!!"
Hating on the next bitch, is irrelevant af!
Gonna miss Lyons, but now YOU have even more of a bigger opportunity to shine!
Just saw Shes so amazing.
Biggest snub- no SKIP SCHUMAKER off the bench? 2 rings.
As soon as Uggie came on screen, my dog came over and licked me. Seriously.
I FOLLOWED XD
Having marathon before season 2 starts tonight!
Hey Golic, Shrek called and he wants his face back.
"...it's like the Miami airport: a refugee camp with runways". Channel. LOVE this guy!!!
RT Welcome to #AARSBL - first History of Christianity session is tomorrow, 4 pm, on Augustine and the Trinity (A19-304)
we definitely will! Also, make sure you sign up for MDC Alerts! www.mdc.edu/alerts
proposals due on the 15th!
I agree with you completely! I see your point 100%.
lol that shit is true doe
Can you post the Mike Nealy interview online so those of us who are blocked by cox can see what he said?
I'm in love with you too bay
The poor editor probably wants to change it and is told, "It's PATTERSON. He's rich enough to buy you and send you away."
But humans came out of the world. So nothing is wrong with humans either. They'll do what they will, till they won't. ;-)
Everything, schedule-wise, is falling into place perfectly for the next week. I love it when my calendar looks like a winning Tetris game.
'98 NBA Finals. #Bulls win 6th title,and the dynasty came to an end RT Most memorable Game 6 in Chicago sports history?
I am. Who is your real-life avatar present in this room with us?
Wow. I love the new Strawberries and Banana smoothie from Burger King!
hope they go home crying!
Wade wit da killer crossover den haslem wit da CHEESE!!!
Tonight Beckett’s is thrilled to welcome back the brilliant 19th Street Band! If you haven’t seen them yet, you’re missing out!
I am so not going out tonight, I have the worst luck, if I'm not going out for work I'm not going out.
i like this one more
No im a bail bondsman. A lawyer can't walk you out of jail. If you know someone in jail holler back.
My Momma gave me $50 now i have $23 opps i didnt mean to spend dat much :)
I'm listening to your song O. It relaxes me and I love the song
Happy hump day.
I wish I didn't have to take math in my major
Any ideas of what kind of contest we should run in February?
Last up, - was seeking ideas that would change our minds about libraries. Not there.
oh i know! but fully clothed.....<3
Ha. Thought it was a 10% >> 100% typo. Thanks for the tip, that is 10% of help I'll happily take.
pull em together #Kidd. This is ours to lose, we just gotta play like we got somethin to prove.
taking a break form live tweeting to shout out ,: spotted in the #SocStart panel
Strong language,lady, and ENTIRELY appropriate.
#Attention #Atmosphere , #nostalkin but I think I'm in love with .. Woah now that's A WOMAN!!
LORD BLESS THEM ALL WHO ARE WEAK and they don't know and trapped in world with no hope. Give then light, food and love.
Laundry and moving day...oh the joy!!_
Back to Basics....
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Many attorneys claim to be "highly professional"... see for yourself before spending a lot of $$ with one.
#Iamproudtobe: from the ISLANDS!!!!
Summary Judgment argument this morning. Ready to go! :)
Oh Lexi can't wait that long. I have to hit Ralph's this month. Holla at you when I am.
Only 48 hours left to get in on the ground floor and say you made it happen: www.PortlandBoatTours.com
you should check out Sungha Jung... :) If Kylo ever followed me on twitter I would freak out and be so happy :D
RT : Irony: I'm in the DC building that houses MSNBC. You can't get in w/o ID. You can vote w/o ID, but you can't visit MSNBC.
Rain rain go away, I need to mow my lawn today.
“: need to hurry and come home..... Lol”===>awe ya miss me! I'll be there soon dahlin!
Merry christmas!
Two words. LaMichael. James. What if.
William Walsh~ I can endure my own despair but not anothers hope.
want free honey wilders. go to thehoneywilders.com and download it all for free, ya free.
Thanks to for letting us play with and tonight! Next week, we play with !
The world of achievement has always belonged to the optimist. - J. Harold Wilkins
I'm a sophomore!
GOOD LUCK WITH THE HEALING PROCESS..REALBUCKSFANS STILL REP #6 nomatterwhat
Music is LIFE/ shout outs; to all the artist,producers,models,magazines,directors and stylist were following!
RUSSY your taken ;)
Have Fun? And be safe. Hope u can do the game tonight.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning Just keep going a little longer. Almost there!!...... OMG, I'M GONNA DIE.
Great to hear!! Hope to have you as a #FutureBearcat! RT : it was awesome! My favorite so far!
ari doing good getting stars and in the third grade
R.I.P TO THAT CLIP D.
and are just too perfect.
Beer Camp is back on August 20th! Learn about beer with a multi-course meal and beer pairings. Call or e-mail for reservations.
Newt: you do NOT articulate my values. Look up "Grandiose Delusions"—it describes your form of mental illness perfectly.
Tico's? Ruben's Taco Truck??
Benefit of sagging: You get to look cool like you're thugging.
when does that train leave lol
i care about his happiness so much
..and people ask me why i hate my life.
NBC&#39;s off-beat comedy &#39;Community&#39; returns, for now
did you see the new shirt?
MAN THAT "WORLD ACCORDING TO PA " BE JAMMING.LOL.HUH TEX?
I know betty draper is a shitty mom, but doesn't she realize that every year or so she comes home from the store with a new bobby?
cmon dont aim so high- jus pack an infants tube sock w ya
The Chicago Bears scored 48 points yesterday. Awesome.
": Once you hate someone, everything they do is annoying as fuck."
holy mess that was so long ago.....
right right.
of course hopefully by 530
bored af right now
Gr8 conversation w/ Tim John (Blue Mound Graphics, Inc) about starting a business; It takes an idea, confidence to start & action. Thx Tim!
Hey Frank, loved you in WARRIOR and THE GREY, but unless you sent me a DM, I think you got hacked. Good luck!
so many weird sounds outside my window right now...
Glad you enjoyed! RT : #phxprsa lunch fun fact ~ Disability Empowerment Center put out some A+ eats. Nice job!
i missed my old icon<3
Had fun, now just waiting! :)
kudos, ! that was pretty impressive customer service...
Gail Rosenthal planned a terrific program last night at Beth El Synagogue. More than 300 people attended the film screening.
I hate when people touch my stuff it hit my nerved and man that tickes me off
I'm still making it nasty tho!!
im sorry i wasnt talking too you babe but call me back i well i swear love you<3
too sweet...glad to be here
Thx for following me
I am doing a church tour next month. Just in the Phoenix metro for now!
You have it wrong. I have faith in Fitz, I dont have faith in Young. If VY spends year as backup, I'm happy
Happy Earth Day to all my people on the planet Earth!
it's going to be WILD! RT Who else is pumped to meet Frank's brother tonight??
it is a known issue and there's a fix waiting for approval from Apple. Should be available soon.
Step 6: Pause and reflect. Celebrate.
damn girl you make the shoes, the shoes don't make you!
We're happy and excited to have you and the rest of Team Penske here in the D!
Cp3 got more for some reason smh RT : Glad Tony Parker got some MVP votes
DUDES WATCH BOXING TO SEE A FIGHT AND CHICKS WATCH BOXING TO SEE SHIRTLESS DUDES FIGHT IN THEIR CHONES
what a great weekend, super excited for this week!
or someone you love dies. I notice the same thing.
A friend of mine did a wine/choc pairing at a choc shop a few years ago, said it was amazing. Hope you do it and post pix.
High-profile Mira Mesa real estate agent accused of mortgage fraud. Eric Elegado and wife Charmagne face money laundering & other felonies
We're experiencing some MAJOR technical difficulties with eBay on the auction items. Hopefully the link to the items will be back up soon.
I will go to his locker tomorrow, convince him to love him, glue a picture in his locker, and force him to look at his face
"What does that mean?" "YOU said it." "Yeah but what was the context?"
I'm at the queens gate ready to fight the tyranny of leisure. I can't keep sitting around day after day with such joy and abandon. Can I?
Don't judge me monkey RT coming home drunk >>>>
#art21preview Segment on Catherine Opie is first.
Most do not fully see this truth that life is difficult. Instead they moan more or less incessantly, noisily or subtly, about th
Interesting to note that most of the tweets from #oah2012 are by public historians
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Chipotle Dry Rub 4.56 / 5 Stars | 6 Reviews by Kristen "It's easy to make a smoky, flavorful rub for grilled mea
Nothing hurts more than being dissapointed by the person you thought would never hurt you
Merry Christmas to you and navy brody be safe and enjoy!
Adam Schneider of Palace Sports and Entertainment joins Eric right now to talk summer concerts at DTE.
Wow...Kelly Hill I've not bbeen there since I was with the 197. 1-18 E. Co.
My hair is straight party lol
<3“ Wow im really feeling the love #SKCNation”
Best of luck with the move! Any last-day instagrams planned?
*CORRECTION* BOX 31-15 1 ALARM FIRE not Working
“If you're looking for sympathy you'll find it between shit and syphilis in the dictionary.” -- David Sedaris
G-20 talk about need to prevent disruption of the world's food chain, but they can't ensure that if there's a disorderly financial meltdown
thanks for motivating me to do work
you just can't hang with the cool kids.
lol yeah my dad works for Vans so I might be able to meet him
I b trying not to b so hood early n the morning but future n tity Boi keep poppin up....I need a morning playlist
Ward 8 turned out for Gray Town Hall meeting-yes!
Am so happy you jumped in, I've been meaning to email you and see if you wanted to get together soon :)
Heather Catallo is beautiful, just like Maria from CNBC
I can't wait to go see Tom Izzo speak tonight at LN. Possibly my favorite college coach behind Bob Knight.
being yourself is the prettiest thing someone can be <3
In a time when #kodak and #polaroid are on the verge of bankruptcy #instagram acquired for $1B. Those are 13 smart (and rich) employees!
don't you mean #nopants?
Haha really? I don't see it on my end. :/
stoked to be following tonight! make me laugh!!! (no pressure)
Omgg you made a new account!(: Ah I love you!<3
F.N.O.- Failures No Option
I'm hoping to have some really righteous stuff for
That's awesome! Hope he continues to do well.
no but maybe there is something better! :)
Are excited about your next album? I can't wait (:
Interested in moving to Detroit? =)
You should have heard them graduation night when i started playing some ADTR in the car. I think Jen about had a heart attack.
Today UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPE rec'd a donation from Amedisys Corp to continue granting wishes, $5000 what a blessing!
God answered my prayer and you made my day with your telephone call!!! Thank you danorush02
you could of just said yes O.O
hopfully hanging out with sadie this weekend :) than going to my grandmas sunday! :D
opens at the white house today at 3pm
It actually is bad, right?
the stage for a talk called "Forget Wall Street, Invest in We"
I feel like more cheating goes on in college then in highschool times ten lol
Were tf u think i been ?
yes and yes!
#OWIF: Wait, is the raft... moving?
I have been offered weed like 30 times in the last 5 months
Kids were late for first time this school year. 2 HOURS LATE! Little Sam was really confused about why we had to go to the office.
You can join when you visit next time :)
I said my prayers now im off to work for the night
Thanks for the follow Paul....right back at ya :-)
Don't say that word! .. What is IT? Ahhghhhh LOL
And now 7 p.m. feels too late to eat. I'M SPIRALING!!! (And yes, I do owe you a reply to your email!)
RT : President Obama to comment on #Egypt during 1:30 pm ET speech at Northern Michigan University. Stay tuned for...
Ironically, this one didn't come to my phone, which clearly believes I'm only interested in your tweets about Kardashians.
I think you guys might need a special Hunger Games themed cupcake...
Yes indeed! 10am-7pm daily at 3037 N. Clark in #lakeview -come see us soon and tell your friends! Have a wonderful weekend!
moving would be a lot easier if you got achievements
yes! there are so many plot twists!
Hello, shit storm at SFO. I just want to get home!!!!
IF I COULD I WOULD HAVE 4 MORE KIDS. I LOVE KIDS
We found chris brown's fist in Rihanna's face... okay, now I'm really going to hell LOL
unless Tiana got an email, no. sorry :) -Abbie
My boobies hurt.
Master Database Applications using Packt's latest IBM DB2 9.7 Book and eBook - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
RT Had to go to the next hole in my belt. I hate to admit that diet & exercise works! LOL! But, it does! Woot Woot!
Think I'll just start calling this the Moores jinx. #Houstonwehaveaproblem ;?/
happy 20th birthday ! hope its everything u wish for!
I'm gonna try spend more time on this account now! Atleast once every day(:
me too lmao
We concur! Beautiful home and property.
Which Hawkman headpiece do u prefer? The original helmet? Silver Age helmet? The yellow hood worn by Carter near the end of the Golden Age?
Killed it last night. Congrats to Jay.. getting for vegas!
$ 9 Flight to Italy - Every Saturday ( 3 Cheeses & 3 Wines)
Great call my friend.
Haha That's A Site I'd Love To See.
Good luck 2 all the SD natives playing in the all-star game tonight in PHX!
Working on the #Cigarette #Cinemas #blog. Hard takes. Informative interviews. Stay tuned and visit www.CigaretteCinemas.com.
Howland determined ucla to lose by 10 pts and we miss the 1st half of
there no suprise
Back to the money maker
I a lazy lout, you a lazy lout, marry me, Antonia. - Spanish Proverb
dehydrated assorted mushrooms, heavy cream, brandy, touch of tarragon, cardamom. Off the top of my head.
im really hot ! !
I heart #farmersmarkets!
pretty please
Listening to on right now... He's so sexy ;)
Slit my wrist to end this bull shhhhit and then squeezzzzeee till its All red, I'm glad I'm dead- notorious big <3
is this about that person we talked about? Hahaha
some student at wshs planning to walk out @ 2 in support of teachers
So handsome x3
One day, I will be famous and live my dreams……while you are still working at McDonald's ·_· :\
working on a new face for our site gonna include a featured artist in the O every month.. Artists send you info to
I can't call it son what's been good that way
I think Ricky Rubio about to give Jeremy Lin trouble
RT Hey Milwaukee--are you hungry? The Vegan Food Truck will be in town tomorrow!! <<< I can't wait!!
Practically an annual event. MT The Penny Arcade dudes: still rape apologist assholes who have no clue what censorship means.
My son went to the potty this morning, ..highlight of the day !
Wanna get PRESTO To perform at my party and DeeJayCasper to dj my party
Sounds like a GREAT day!
Bill Godwin's Ink Spots will be performing @ Friends of The Lyric Theatre in Stuart, FL. on Apr. 15th @ 6pm & 8:30pm
My nigga I grind to hard for dis shit nigga its been a lil min but I'm putting on 2night nigga I put dat on my nikes and levis homeboy
thanks Linda!
Won't an ed. major be less capable of paying off the same debt in the same amount of time as an engineering major?
At youth group =D
I had a blast with this chick at the Tavern
awww Lizzeth I won't let it happen again
woof woof bark bark! (in dog that means follow me !) =)
Saw Joanna McClelland Glass's 2006 Palmer Park a few weekends ago, would recommend as a very compelling contrast to Clybourne Park.
when I was younger, my grandfather would hear I had troubles sleeping. His fast response, "it's cuz you're lazy" ha ur quote nicer
Thanks for mention!
Oh, PLA, why can't you end nicely? The 8pm Megabus to NYC just left. Does that mean my bus won't get here until 11?
alright, can't wait! Hope all goes well, and may the odds be ever in your favor.
did she really just say if you stomp my head in you better kill me...lol im guessing u already lost the fight if you even get that position
Thanks, buddy!
We will start raffling stuff off around 10am! Keep your eyes peeled on this feed!
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
haha yeah I'm pretty real, except when I'm not ;-P... or would that be, I'm pretty AND real?!!? Have a good day!
Honestly.. with six seconds left? I hate the rangers
happy mothers day to al
thought of the day part 1: some journalism that is stenographic. it's endangered by the fact that no intermediary is needed.
Happy Leap Day :)
Do u have a STD? Which 1? Tell us at
haha second time you tweeted those words to me in 24 hours, hombre. things will look up soon.
Your enthusiasm inspires people.
I like my sugar with coffee and cream!
PayPal: I will NEVER want to use BillMeLater, so quit making me click and spend extra time to pay for a thing. Not cool.
Follow Back (:
looking forward to 4 days of no work - get the catch up with all sorts of friends, sleep in, horse around, write and read. Yes!
I'm going to marry my dog. Or Jeremiah. Whichever wants me more.
Yeah. I'm classless. Because I have an opinion on dancing.
Your tweets are so annoying.
I hope so, but I'm not 100% sure. It depends on how long it takes to get the blanks in. Fingers crossed that I have mine by Friday.
Nick Collins Taco Dip--only $36---this will serve up to 40 People--perfect for your super bowl pary!!
check out Ojinaga, it used to be safe.
When the day come that Stan Lee passes, I'll be tempted to get a flag just to fly it at half staff.
Stop agonizing over your next writing assignment! Come to the experts! Your Thoughts, LLC!
Cir. J. Sack (USCA, 2d Cir.) rules in Bessemer Trust Co., N.A. v. Branin case involving the application of the "Mohawk doctrine."
just glue some on! I do love them though. I also love Katy Perry's.
RT I saw Low at the OK Hotel in '94 and it was love at first sight/sound. Tonight, we begin a 2 wk tour w/ them. I feel so lucky
Doesn't look like the #Indians will be able to go to tomorrow. The #RedSox have worked him hard tonight.
#oomf just don't know
Toni Carbo, from the audience: we teach privacy at Pitt iSchool; students have to read & analyze #privacy policies
When you like someone and they date the ugliest Girl ever
Anytime! Youre very welcome
Thanks for the RT! We're happy to follow you guys!
my #1 request in this library? zombies. always zombies.
I've turned my back on my bracket...
Sadly, at one time or another, each of us becomes a cautionary tale.
Just takes time to build up the list of people you follow so you can enter the conversation.
Noted! Hope all is well over at the new job!
YEAH RAVENS get it done.
i'm really not girly at all. hahaha
This sex, is sex, how sex, you sex, keep sex, a sex, dumb sex, ass sex, busy sex, for sex, 20 seconds. Read this again but don't say sex.
Wait. We talking practice? Practice? Practice.
Omg..forever crying.
snicker, snicker, snicker, giggle, giggle *stifles a most unladylike snort*
... apparently there is a lot of data saying that kids under 14 should avoid sports that expose them to brain injuries.
For organizations and employees alike, the only real security is the ability to grow, change and adapt. ~Kearney
Gummy Bears :]
I didn't ask you what you were wearing!!! :-P sounds intriguing though
We are excited to have you today. Tweet us some pics!
good afternoon
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness -Chinese Proverb
whoops, it DOES have priority inbox. win!
Blasted through Portal 2 .. need a new addiction. Suggestions?
Looks great - I have WILD on my TBR pile!
actually I was certified to SCUBA in college since former bf said I couldn't do it I was too weak!
wowww tampons in a goody bag? never got some until my cheer competion todayy (: haha funnyy
clutch free throws tonight man! keep it up
New site coming very soon!
I love this weather .
TO ALL Y'ALL WHO SAID I COULDN'T DO THIS you made a reasonable assessment
Kanye West is a fucking prick! Dissing that kid Taylor Swift like that!
"One Direction" <33333
Rickey visits Atlanta injured in his good eye , he was 65% blind in a previous injury, please pray for sight for this great recording artist
that was forever ago. Somebody retweeted it!
hmm bye guys :'( i love you im really sorry for what my mom did :'(
Successful work out with and 😘💪👙
I never have time for this account:'(
#gotit #Imjustalittleslow For a geek like me that's hard to believe! HA! =D
I'll help, but i don't even have one! how the freak do you get followers?
ATL bound... already got a $30 speeding ticket. atleast I filled up my gas tank for only $40 in SC :)
Hey! How is your day? + would you please follow me?<AB
#2KSports nba 2k12 is gonna be the best nba game ever. cant wait for it to come out
Do you need a professional website? Get started today. $99.00 month call 512 873-0447
Thanks, Cheryl, sorry again about that!
John Hayes CMO AmEx: We overvalue the things we can measure and undervalue the things we can't.
thanks Rissa! How u been
Lol, I don't care about Cinco De Mayo . sorry .
Keep this in mind. It doesn't matter what industry you're in. You can be in a MLM, a Chiropractor, or any other profession with a brick an
Your RT is much appreciated. Thank you!! =)
Wow, coming from a suburban mom, that's rough.
Get your copy of the Crack album #TheAddiction today!!
I think you are right. I use and like linkedin for contacts and networks but I don't think their bolt-ons qualify as SoMe
Doc Rivers is one of the best with the clip board. Rondo runs out the clock. Great game.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
The theory of relativity, becomes a law, in a line where you listen to fools fighting with the knowledgeable. Get in front of the fools.
i will try to make it! Have a great show! Let me know what we can do to meet your drum needs!
I need some strong deliverance
NorCal & Central Cal teachers there is an talk Friday in Monterey at the CLS conference. See you there.
: oh lol yeah i talk to her(:
Lol were any of them doing the mummer strut along the way?
YUM! Top that with some bacon and you have yourself a little party in your mouth :)
Reviewing this morning's major features:
It's only the bad bitches who stay flaws with their profile pics and don't give a fuck praise the lord for them
Happy to oblige. *scratches behind ears*
Been in four different states with and its only 9 am. What have you done?
And if so, what makes you trust Google less than them?
What's happening today? Well around 4pm I will be making my rounds in Irving Texas. Jenny Beauty, Hair Mart, American B, cme get FREE sample
yah! They're at dirks!
Walter Reed will speak about his unique perspectives on August 26th! Space is very limited, so rsvp to chhe at 513-487-3055 today!
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Camryn Bihary on the 14U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program
Fenway. Been to Wrigley and it's justifiably full of bitter fans. RT Which ballpark would you most want to visit, Wrigley or Fenway?
Cool, we'll talk about meeting up sometime!
Not watching the game, but just checked score online--looks like a good one! Go 'Boys!
UFC 110 IS ON TONIGHT !!! HTTP://WWW.UFC110ONLINESTREAM.COM
haha no just normal on screen makeup. But that would be hilarious!!!!
the guy eating the zebra cake is calling another dude chunk?
Mine too. I showed it to my 5-8 students. One of our tech goals is to work towards better collaboration. Fit perfectly.
too many to name. I have 200+ things signed. I have signed balls by every living HOFer except Koufax, Layoffs & Blyleven.
agreed. Very ugly icons.
Twitter proves that you have a lot of support - moral, financial, whatever you need. Ask.
I will have to look around
When is this summer going to officially start? I'm tired of winter....
I'd agree and add that there are probably violent convicted fugitives on the run who are more "deserving" of a billboard!
I think we still "owe" you something, right? I am so embarrassed! I can't imagine what's happening to the mail!
Thank you love!
Jimmy chuck corn and I don't CARE !
I always like to smell good lol.
ah yeah, there are things I could nit pick, but raises awareness for live theatre...ppl should be happy
“: #MentionTo your friend who doesn't like pizza.”
Monday, May 28th Im releasing the cover for my "Loose Change" mixtpae with ! Shouts to Charles Davis on the design.
sorry mandi ... it's a little hot in here if you know what i mean. btw you have a BEA pass.
thinks he can remember more than four moves at a time. HA.
i'm not sure i can think of anything better than writing letters in para coffee while listening to classical music.
I dont want the lights to go out!?! or there to be a big storm:/ Im scared!!;/
Mike Stanley comedy show tonite.. than The Crystal Method at BLEU DETROIT
It worked!!
in 3 months, has made #Lin into both #Elway (savior) & #Tebow (polarized), & #Braun into O.J. It's pathetic journalism
SOME women got lower compensation than SOME men. Most men, like most women, got NOTHING.
Happy Selling ;)
thanks, but I want more than a simple pass/fail, I want to verify that certain fields are being selected, etc.
at work..on break somebody stole my food# sad
Thanks for sharing the Knight rant gold! (Its been too long,fellow DLP..congrats on the 2 daughters!)
First outing pitching?
Unfortunately snow. However, this is a cool photo.
RT Of everything I will miss about 2011, I will miss due process the most.
you should see them shortly after. The process to post them to a student record runs just after midnight.
#imsofuckedup I let someone take me to a wop party and assumed I would know other people there
One day of favor is worth a lifetime of labor.
More Latinos say they use Spanish vs. English when thinking (45% vs. 37%) #latism via // you?
I bet you'd treat her better if you knew how much you actually mean to her..<3
Dear Mother Nature, Could you tone down the wind every Monday!? I'm tired of chasing garbage cans & trash all over!
By the way, the "Heatles" was stolen by James, Wade & Bosh. Damon Jones made that reference to the 2005 Heat.
Car alarms are so stupid. They don't deter anything, they just annoy people.
um followin can u follow me back mam??
I think I'm getting old can't sleep anymore !!
Everyday questions : " you look high, are you? "
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast
Our inperfection & flaws make us human. Finding someone who can & will love u despite ur imperfections is a hard task but its not inpossible
i'm allergic to nutella but i would lick it off justin's body ok
I would have loved it !!! We need to get together soon!
I pray that we all awake every morning and thank God that we have this day and many to come.
Is that a British accent? Or you just trying to sound cool and trendy.. Bitch you're from Ohio
holy shit am I on board with that. Too many people love to hop on the complain train. BE A PROBLEM SOLVER!!!
where do you stay when you go?
I'll cheer for the Spartans for you.
Hey guess what should follow me and RT this that would like complete my life! haha
#shoutout to for the nice chat. U are my new friend in Illinois. Woot!
Calling all vets, do your clients really know what's going on with their pets? You can help them: www.anatomynow.com
#Barbarella Tweet me for $50 Gift Cert to Barbarbella Gift Card for Halloween!
5 days left till #Christmas! Need last minute gift ideas? Check us out at www.meitracknet
The Over is 8-0-4 in the last 12 meetings between the Bruins and Sabres
Russell brand is on jimmy kimmel live
Rumor has it...
hahah you know me, always talking to myself! ;)
Oh any chance he could love me too? ;)
the ability to inspire beyond the classroom or subject specific information, to impart learning for its own sake = GREATness
whats that on ur chin?? oh wait its ur other chin.. >>your mom is so fat she snacks in between snacks....
Yes! We love the app! read our thoughts about it on our blog at tweetdonteat.com!
Hi Dustin, how are you? I do some tweets in Spanish, some in Portuguese. Are you following some funny stuff!
Pharma revenue growth comes mostly from raising prices.
9 o'clock needs to be here right now. I need to play some fuckin VOLLEYBALL. #sooooooooooooooooooooooSTOKED to be playing again!
THIS ONE TIME IN 7TH GRADE THIS GUY ASKED ME OUT AND I SAID NO AND HE SAID HE WAS GONNA RIP MY OVARIES OUT AND EAT THEM LMFAO OMFG
Are they all over the SILS classes these days? I think Prezis are best left to short, snappy presentations. It gets to be too much.
Last year's Newbery-winning "When You Reach Me" by is now out in paperback! Come in and get your copy!!
oh well.....he is a clown!
Thank YOU, Jason. That was truly illuminating and inspiring.
Nice chilled out day for me and my princess :)
fredericksburg, tx. Becker Vineyard, Grape Creek Vineyard. Beautiful hill country
From the 80's yesterday down to the 30's in some spots this am. We stay at least 20° cooler today in #mke than yesterday
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy
WOO WOO! I can't wait for the show!
Oh , you always save lives. :)
I just grilled. It's officially summer.
Savers is the worst second hand/thrift store ever
i know u freaking love Drake. i need ur help. would u buy Drake's album or Nicki minaj's album?
I just love having terrible ankles...
Why am i still in this house
you get the PDF, ePub, and Mobi versions!
Really nice meeting you at - I'm glad that I'll have a chance to learn how to tweet like a pro soon...
This ass Is dancing tonight thoe >>>>
still up
Sounds good to me, maybe later next week?
Gillian Clark: Are You There, Chef? It&#39;s Me, Menopause.
“: Saying so many curse words in my head...smh” um u ignoring me. Don't make me come to MoCo!
it's wicked cool! “: Squealing with excitement over the WorkSmart™ Suite from #cgxemerge Oink!”
I only tweet less bc I have so much else to do. But none of it pays. But no money no problems, right? Ugh...
Deefizzy loves pasta omg
You've got the wrong there. It looks like you want :)
I. CANT. BREATHE.
I don't appreciate you underestimating me. I may not look like it, but I do have quite a bit of common sense.
#wiki Still searching for wiki editors who might have some tips for a submission I'm working on.
You don't always need to be in a relationship to be happy..
Sorry, , just now seeing Young Adult. It rocks my world...did you go to my high school?
Thx for the info - I love the "Best Unique and Artistic" Category
Champ Baileys reaction that play was sensational.
I just left. What stores did you go to?
Thanks to Had the wrong address on an order and it shipped, they just sent me a new order for free
What does RT stand for?
weekend report: baking, conference winding-down, collection dev. and web design homework, watching season 1 of sherlock.
but i cant really go off of that
i ended up just having margs that were on sale. Jm happy with my life choices
inadvertantly participating in #uwspiritday by wearing a Wisc sweatshirt (which I wear on many days I'm not in the office!).
What's the deal fam
Thank god for pandora
Once Upon A December
I always had a thing for chimney sweeps and shoe repair men. Can't explain it.
Can't get 's GORGEOUS "Glamorous" shoes out of my head!! Adding them to my Christmas Wishlist!!! Where can I buy?
Love your mom everyday ...not just today.
Did you sing in the shower this morning?
Went to , listened to story club and heard 's amazing story.
Great game revis now beat the pats
And our bakery has a cranberry treat that our pugs love :-)
hahaha yes!!! Dibs!
wondering if every teacher sleeps well over the weekends... By Sunday night, I'll be ready to do it all over again, though!
Claire Diaz Ortiz will be signing Twitter for Good & How to Fundraise on Social Media until 11am @ booth #1112. Don't miss her!
he should start his videos "hey boy hey! hey girl hey! hey bitch hey! thanks for the thumbs up haha
Wow, its amazing what people from back in the day have to say now. I wish more people would do that<3
RT : Perfect day to rock tonight! Bringing weapons of mass distraction! #War!!! See u tonight Miami!
My birthday is coming up on the 28th. My mind is on making money not spending money.
At the east LA park! Tired as fck!
long dong silver lives
Amazing workout! Can't wait for Power Yoga on Sunday!!
Are you making it down to Spring Training at all this year? I'd love to be there!
Thanks! Drafting a blogpost about tech in classroom in near future and this is great summary and commentary.
I'm from the #OldSchool department stores don't give boxes out.
ONLY when Free Trade Deals R crafted to PREVENT Trade Deficit will USA stop hemorrhaging good paying factory jobs overseas!
looks cleared up now
Thst is the most awesome Mother's Day celebration ever!
Exclusive: Over 55 and jobless, Americans face tough hunt
ringalingalingalinggg! HELLo!? Hi Claude! It's #mofones! Thanks for the follow! Crime thrillers are great! xoxoxxo ttyl!
We are a traditional #Chinese #Restaurant and we will be opening our doors very soon. Our location is
My condolences to you and yours.
heading to the gym
vertical merge and center in google spreadsheets!
well you better call me tonight. Text me though. I have something to tell you.
you are foiiiine! ;p
You are at our namesake! Visit
u pick up a pair for your hs coach for Christmas?
It's a beautiful fall day, come spend it on The Avenue and have yourself one of our mouth watering grassfed beef burgers!
that's freaking sweet looking!
found you through browsing the site--excited to meet you too!
Go Orchard Project!!! RT: 26 Towson students conducted first neighborhood fruit tree count. Step One in building our lists...
Readying for 750 writers, agents, and editors at the #Muse2012 this weekend...that's a lot of boxes!
you?? Never!!
Plaintiff or Defense work in Employment Law?
Just finished our video now were back at the studio recording all night!
What is your favorite spring activity to do with your little girl?
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
I wish remembers me i was the girl who wrote him that long the talk to much for twitter thing
" I know I'm not perfect But at the end of the day Who is? "
While egg rice and and sauce/spice usually point to 'savory,' summer is time to think of fruit. HardBoiledEgg+apricot over rice. What else?
Wilders: on BBC he said that UK trip =pt of a series (next wk Italian plmt, then US senate, etc) Only the UK has deemed him 'dangerous'
Always something new in NYC. Just saw a women pushing a pig in a stroller through Times Sq.
More rain forecasted for the rest of the week. APD remembers its fallen heroes, & CapMetro releases video of student hit! Next #fox7 at 9.
I wish I knew. We couldn't connect tonight to save our lives.
that's what we like to hear!
*calls the lightning to me, hair standing on end* He. Is. A. God.
ear are still ringing. -_-
it makes me feel extra horrible when you think something is horrible...
what.what.what?
You should look into how much land in the Western US is Owned the US Gov and the UN.
Neverending Story!!! That was my fave movie as a kid...I think it JUST RECENTLY changed lol
Someone actually referred to me as a "teeny bopper". My night has been made.
Can I have one Damn day to be treated like a Princess? Damn is that to much to ask?!?! #NeedSugarDaddy Lmao....
#Bluefin is exercising my stats knowledge at
Birth control lol RT : What do I get a fast 17yr old goin on 18 who's going off to college? Suggestions tweeps?
Dude. Too bad you guys had to leave so early. We watched it yesterday.
I'm doing research on the cuisine des mères & it always shocks me how women in prof French cooking became obscured in the 20th C.
JAKARTA welcome .. Iwas the first time toJakarta INDONESIA .. in many culinary
Keep quiet, nothing comes as easy as you. Can I lay in your bed all day? I'll be your best kept secret and your biggest mistake.
Follow client - 5th rd pick signed his rookie deal today with 49ers - he just arrived in SF for practice
Is there funding for hidden humanities projects? Pew's Heritage Phila Program has supported such projects (e.g., PhilaPlace)
On Da Computer In love
I like Saturdays. Slept in to a record 8am. Fixed a hot breakfast. Now getting ready to go to the gym. Rest of day will be nothing but fun.
I hope you all liked the social network, any way will be launched soon once we have fixed all the bugs.
I love jonhas murphy so much and i have a secret obsession with i stare at him all 4th period <3
books4teenboys: VARIANT by R.Wells is flying off our shelves
On The Grind Management is thrilled to bring on-board two of Chicago's hottest up-in-coming MC's REG MH & STACKS. Big years coming for both!
I remember when I used to say "bammer bammer bammmer" really loud
No classes tomorrow Monday Oct. 31st at the Kendall studio Location. Have a great and safe Halloween.
The world will never have lasting peace so long as men reserve for war the finest human qualities. Peace, no less than war, requ
RT : my radio show and maybe a calendar ;/) I'm also relaunching my site
Beautiful hot day here and now on the way to Destroy Quads with the PhysiqueRx / Y3T training combo
Great day at
donne with school. summer, where are you?
Aurelio's Pizza, established in 1959, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
Appropriate to wear a polar bear costume to work for the white out party? More appropriate if I cut two holes in the chest for my boobs?
Same in NYC. It's unreal.
Every community needs a gardener and a mayor according to Masie
we're pumped to hear all about the #AllStarWeekend! Have a blast man!
Yup & i was trying to log into ---> but it said that i had the wrong password lol !
I agree; takes so much effort to create culture in which people are comfortable disagreeing.
You dodgers fans should be shame
Well I guess I'm goin to in SD on the 20th. Thx see you soon cc:
Hogs are down by 7 at the half lets Go Hogs!!
I can dig it! Peace, Love, and Happiness 24/7 man life is beautiful. Live it speak it and enjoy it.
Cya Preds! Coyotes vs Kings in the western conference finals! Wow! Let's go Phoenix!
When someone says "the fabric of our lives" in the south, is it fair to assume it's a cotton pun?
I'm sorry you're disappointed, but we cannot afford to stay open on such a slow night. Besides, I need a night off, too.
my birthday is today!
I like the food channel but maybe we should just start a pot pie channel instead.
tweeting because in 25 minutes I will know what to tweet. almost 50
we pull the boats out this weekend. You bringing yours out on the 27th?
yay I'll text u what days I can :)
- haha! Wrong Deep Blue Sea movie. But awesome shark attack! :)
Early bird gym session!!
You're cute
It's sad when alcohol on someones breath seems comforting. Haha. Oh well.
More of our outstanding sponsors of #Edcampss: Thank You all!
WTF is Charlie Rose doing on CBS?
I want you to want me, like I want you && I want you to love me, like I love you.
Spending 30 minutes on the phone with is not a positive use of my time. Where's my compensation?
Not a single adult beverage today. How's that Irish for ya..?
We're gearing up for the Yard, Garden & Patio show this weekend in #PDX. If you have interest in such things, we've got books for you!
Safe travels!
Thanks for coming out to see us tonight, good sir!
lol , yeah but over 10 Million views in 5days . she doing something right . . .
you just not going to tell me good morning -_-
How can you use FB & Twitter in the classroom? Lindsey Leavitt
Hands-on with the Samsung Continuum dual-screen Android phone
That shit is brilliant
Add me to your #ala11newbs list. First time and I won't really know anyone there. :/
Hi steve ,
its dinner time and im still in my pjs just poking around on my laptop...AH I love my days off :)
From what I've read online it's GREAT.
gettin it on with !!
Then Friday Jordan graduates! I can't believe it got here so fast! Last year were we learning multiplication tables? Big Exciting Week!
Respond Back Lol.!
As a 24 year old sales rep in NYC at that time all I did was rush. I would hurry my way through everything
"Yes, the first is the conventional way to make an acronym plural; the second is (forgive me) bizarre." (From the Q&A section)
Those might be a pick-up fam!
A lady is a woman who makes a man behave like a gentleman.
Use #MammothWesternNight in a tweet w/ a pic in your Western gear for a shot to win FREE tix to the 2/24 game!
no :( I'm so caught up with work.. Getting ready for the craziest year of my life! Lol btw I turn 21 next year :)
#Imagine Austin dedicating a song to you.
Just read up on some the tweets about Joel Ward. It's CRAZY we still have idiots that think like that.
#Imagine Liam takes your little son on his lap. He grabs your hand and watches you proudly. As your son falls asleep against his chest.
Latest Findings in Breastfeeding Science Presented at Medela's 7th ... - PR Newswire (press release)
RIP Dick Clark
"The best way to fight negative feelings is to surround yourself with positive people."
You have to help a sister out. Delete the others!
Hello luvies! Who wants a follow back? :*
Why are there instructional designers but not content designers?
happy friday! Bio sounds yum! Feel free to contact me about my dining vips visiting for a group dinner
all of those strengths are true for fb too though. not really clear to me how it adds meaningfully to fb
is'ent cool the Regular SHOW has a cool ring tone?
Cool. We will pass the information along to Kathleen.
Happy Valentine's Day dear friends!!
No school tomorrow. Yes!
thanks!! I hope we win!!!
I love meeting awesome people :)
Who knew Ben Bernanke had an interchange on 1-95 named for him? South Carolina, of course.
Wow. That Hunter Thompson was fulla shit, man.
Kelly you are the best. Should've had the stage by yourself.... God bless
TOMLINSONS BUM is trending , how lovely it is. :) x
Watching this Grizzlies game <<<
Happy Birthday!! Stay Classy!
:) and as it turns out, there was no reason to leave. Flight is delayed. I should learn how to use technology. :)
We just created a new video
Love voiceover work!
Father's Day Special! 2 one-topping pies for only $25! Sunday Only! Place your order early, with this special it's going to get busy fast!
thanks lady !!
Second half, let's go!
ultimate goal: get the RIGHT people [people that love to learn, want to change] on the bus and the WRONG people off.
U EVER GET DAT TURTLE SHELL? I GOTTA CHALY HORSE IN MUH BAKK! * N MUH K<3 VOICE*
Guys, what movie should I watch? I'm thinking something dramatic and/ or mind blowing.
has 80K film fans that would love to connect for
In this time of economic trouble, we need to give some focus to our youth & the quality of education, as this will determine our future.
Loved, loved, loved #NewGirl!
thank you! Will do!
What's new at Mail Masters? www.mailmasters.net
like I said I won
Thanks for the blast of awesome! Monday morning feels good! : ) : ) : )
Pf Chang's crispy green beans 
Love Me Love Me say your gonna love me!
Bigger time commitment, but I like it much more than fantasy football... If you're a big baseball fan, give it a go next year.
Post-Eire-move convos with were pleasantly confusing for me. "Wait, when did we start agreeing on all this stuff?"
Nice crowd here tonight!
#NeverTrustaGirlThat is always up in the clubs. That bitch doesn't have shit going for herself. She's an attention seeker & always drunk.
Here's to the directioners who cried watching the More Than This video.
how long have you been coaching soccer and basketball?
On this day in 1933, MI became the 1st state to ratify the 21st Amendment to repeal prohibition. Cheers!
oh how I wish I was then I would have an excuse for it! Lol
sorry I got on your shit. Carolla is under my skin. I know you gotta do what you gotta do. We Good?
Well? How is it?
Since its summer.... Anyone down to go camping?
It showed me and my sister in this weeks #wantedWednesday flip!! So excited!
Cities I'll be in today - #Chicago #Milwaukee #Sussex #Waupun #Madison It's a #HappyMothersDay tour!
So according to my DM spams, seems like everyone is talking about me.
Once I said I had 30 minuted left the clock started going slower. LOL oh ok.
My phone has been caseless all day..
Close but no cigar! Here's the thing... they might work on a 00. Or just a plain old 0. A couple sizes bigger... not so much.
Retweet if you live in the Indiana area, and you want to come to Indianapolis!
Hey fans, we checked out a couple of new venues last night. Tell The Venue and Braza Dancante, both in Allen, that you want StoneAge!
I dont like how twitter look on this phone...
Resting in bed at 10:30 pm. Yah - I'm definitely sick.
Yeah heard that.
the top is done and the bottom but no middle lol Im Bouta tweet u a pic cuz idgaf
I LOVE YOU MORE
Ah getting closer to game time :D
Happy Good Friday, all!
pep rally((: go elks!:)
It's March...let the madness begin!
As much as I love Pokemon, it has no place in politics. This guy is such a joke.
That Tupac video at Coachella is truly breathtaking.
is like the sweetest girl ever! Love her :) #SimpsonSistersForLife <3
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
These defenses are playing very physical right now, New England will have a tough test in 2 weeks. Pats offense in the dome is nasty though.
harry too? oh you can't fool us we know it's April fools day! Nice try tho(: I love you<3
today is a good rainy day...good sleeping weather
BRIANNA!! when you come on check your direct messages
People on twitter be wit the shyt like they cant follow i be acten like its cool but its annoying i ant gon front it be
I'm an expert in smartassology and Idontgiveafuckology ;) please note it and take caution
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such
Future boxing writer Leon Washington? lol RT For the People who don't have PPView I'll keep you updated.
I'm excited the morning after an election; That hasn't happened in awhile. Congrats to and to the folks of
#WhoToldYou had game because they lied...
oh nothing much. And you?
"there is nothing i do better than revenge" ;)
" Thanks! I replied. I really appreciate it! #Fashionistas unite!! :) ox" No problem. Fashionistas unite!
Yea that's one of the problems when talking with people all over the world I never think about the time zone.
#koman foundation's recovery will take years.
obviously.... That's implied. Its tough narrowing it down from there
For one it's no one for me and two it will waste 5 minutes of my life lol
PORK: Garden has all the ingredients for dinner
“ Im Tryna Save Money Ask Me How Thats Working Out -_-”
Wow, 6-1 win for #BCHockey in Frozen Four semi-final. Here's to another dominating performance over Ferris State in the Final! Go Eagles!!
probably because the economic recipe that ran news-papers is gone & they won't be around much longer in paper form at least
Hey people in the CBS truck, turn down the music and turn up Jim, Clark, and Steve's mics
Off to choir...yayy....
GET UP!! RT : WHO WANTS A CHESTBUMP?
dude it's okay. She's gotta keep your ass in check JR. >:)
McCarthy : "Childhood poverty has increased by 30% since 2000."
A Detroit tour is my goal in life. Yes, please.
Connolly is a great guy, but #Bowdoin getting in is messed up. 25-18 does not deserve an At-Large Bid.
didn't tweet me back :(
my hubby is taking it off with me, and they're girls, so they're fairly calm, but duly noted. Lol!! I will think on this :)
Just saw The Avengers. Am I a bad person for wanting to naughty things with Captain America?
I enjoy chillin with ppl not being raped tho lmao ah summer is starting off great!!
Holy thunder and lightning! Strong rain as I drove in this morning. Rob says it won't last all morning, but definitely get the umbrella!
he's good to think with: best example of a historical "bad guy" in my diss, while also a model of modern bureaucratic expertise.
Upside to having the same Subway lunch every day: When you forget your debit card they let you 'pay tomorrow'. Still embarrassing though.
I, I b on it like my nigga big boi said!
That perseverance pays off!
How do you like the new green look?
Is Tom Baker's regeneration? Isn't it curious how he never wears an oversized scarf?
Seriously. Well, at least you'll never get bored! And this seems like an extra fun one.
stole the show
i wish i was blocked by
No seatbelts on the bikes-they are very safe! However we do provide helmets if you choose :)
yeah.. a man and woman. period.
and we all know my opinion on Starbucks!
I don't wanna do math hw, I don't wanna do math hw, I don't wanna do math hw, I don't wanna do math hw, I don't wanna do math hw!
The start of the month has me listening to N'Sync. Huh?
#winterx and naps. Just what January should be.
You too!!! :) How were urs
YEs and I hope I don't irritate that one eye of yours! :)
It's a New Year make a resolution to support Black Theatre
Gun in mouth, I pray for sunshine.
Skin Care Tips 4 healthier/beautiful skin: eat healthier, hydrate, exercise, monitor sun exposure & practice a regular cleansing routine.
Fred Couples 2010 Masters leader (-6), Tiger Woods two strokes back as day one of the 2010 Masters came to a close
that's exactly what I need it for :) mentioned it a tweet this morning LOL and they actually replied LOL!
You just made my night
Burnett got signed to the Pirates so obviously he's just looking for an excuse to wear an eye patch. That's dedication
Personally I would tell my friend to fuck off.
Wonderful to hear all went well at your launch ! Thanks to and for making it happen.
I love roller skating I love it
Can I borrow a quarter? I just want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dream.
Kitty says, "I'm always serious when I'm waiting for tuna! I like to run and jump on the furniture & terrorize the peeps."
In hallway outside courtroom standing room only inside approx 20 supporters outside. No one looks happy.
I'm not confident our understanding of what "liberal" is matches. Plus it's sad that you see only two opposing sides.
Yes sir! RT : Must be joy in Hoosier Hoops country as has IU ranked # 1 in recruiting 4. Class in 2012 !
I'm done with the 3 ring side show circus @ work...........bunch of clowns!
Caps are finally playing the hometown team after 3 years. Watch out bruins!
thanks so much Megan!!!
but standing up to a most likely drunken idiot is definitely fair. We are all humans with emotions and I think people forget that
bulls liftin they skirts up....smh
1. Defining function of human genome sequence - Dr. Green,
The Sibelius finale was electric. Bravo (and brava)!
Sharing! Friending! Tech meme'ing!....RT Brilliant --> "I’m an Article About the Internet That You Repost on the Internet"
Ah! A SNAKE crawled into my car engine! We've tried opening the hood, spraying the car with water and moving the car. He won't come out!
RT: Tonight and will be guests on #mediachat for their 1yr Anniversary of ! Starts at 10pm EST!
What's it feel like to get eaten by a lion?
thanks girl! :)
i'm ready for my next break now.
are you serious? You're not done yet?
Okay holdon If i'm nt Dunni can i be you??.
Only 16 days until Mobtown Madness! Follow for all the details....
haha well i guess the big shirt u had on the other nite wasnt BIG enough...#justsayin hehe
It's too fucking cold in Philly. I'm taking my talents to South Beach.
It's, like my fingers forgot how to type over the weekend. Backspace, backspace...
me too! so excited!
How do I check in 5 hours early for and yet I'm still in boarding group C?
I got them all for the low @ my websites I'LL GIVE YOU A DEAL HERE www.NikeAirYeezys.Us www.AirYeezy.Info Pennyhardaway.Info
I feel sorry for duke fans I hope we never sign a player named Pat Forde
If I efiled my taxes today when should I expect my refund to be direct deposited?
thank you very much for the reply and thank you for your service to our country and if you have facebook and myspace please read my profile
“ Baby Cakes :D”
Never flush cotton swabs, cotton balls, hair, facial scrub pads, diapers, sanitary products etc... down the toilet. This can cause a flood.
Bring it. RT : Duke. Whatever.
And who do u think is the FATHER
I LOVE YOU!!!!! You are my television BFF!!!! Is that creepy? Well, I don't care if it is. Keep on keepin' on Whit!
maybe it's cuz everybody thinks I look like JB. But do u want a shutout?
sorry!! we had something go wrong and twitter unfollowed a bunch of people.
he's still really cute
If she said "call me definitely" there's no way he calls. It's all about the game, folks. And yes they have that in Canada.
If I don't know you in real-life, I'm not gonna accept your request to know where I am around town.
#oomf asked me for a graduation ticket hm
Going into work 2 and a half hours early <<< fml
I don't know what it is either.
I'm Feeling you Homie.. Now he's Gotta get My Ravens over the Pittsburgh Hump!!!
When you finish a play and have a free afternoon<<<<<
tommy Streeter will end up being the steal of this draft in a few years
DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES.
Mikael: Linked Data cloud: only a fraction of the sources use RDF at the storage level
lol i hate doing that shit :p
Wesley Mathews to sign autographs to support his winter coat drive. Beaverton Town Square Fred Meyer. Tomorrow 6-7pm.
Even a blind squirrel can find a nut
Go look
thanks for ruining it jackass. Guess what: Anna Karenina dies in the end. You're welcome!
How can we best inform younger voters about the long-term stakes of November's elections?
I feel like imma throw up. ):
I wonder if got some good
RT if you stopped to enjoy nature today :)
Bitch! I'm not rihanna.. "I hate the way you lie"
good now follow me on instagram ;)
Thanks ! Sad to confess I couldn't bear toi rd last 3 issues of The Sandman
instagram*<---takes pictures of everything around you and nor just self poses
okay okay. I'm just kidding. I got another on my ear. But that was funny huh!
Senior Design: 11 weeks of busy work, 2 weeks of design work, 1 week of presenting, 14 weeks of stress
NO! Not yet! Don't tell me, I watch it tomorrow. How is it getting back to real life?
