why the hurry???“: I set the record today coming down Pikes Peak. 735 degree brakes. Yes, I felt like an idiot.”
Pouria! How are you!
Thanks for following. Welcome to Twitter!
I dislike ambiguity
what kind of animales do You like?1
*At a school dance* everyone else but me and my wierdass friends get asked to dace *starts air humping*
Check back Friday for details on a special offer!
"A tough life needs a tough language — & that is what poetry is. That is what literature offers, a language powerful enough 2 say how it is"
try to relax. It's not worth your health.
Fuck snow, I'm going back to bed.
going to try and conquer
The new Lexington McAlisters opens today
not a bad day for a sick day
Product looks good, but what I'm really looking for is a good casual non-team chat. Seems to be a hole in the market
Just finished open house for 6th grade. Will finish classroom, before I leave school
You have been great at making sure my order comes out looking the best it can! Thank you!
And the magician of the night award goes to William Buford. Disappeared for 40 minutes. Sr. year? Big Dance? Let's go!
Enjoying a bottle of Benziger Chardonnay
Think I might sneak out of this one early and grab a seat for Betty White.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
He who goes about as a talebearer reveals secrets; therefore associate not with him who talks too freely. Proverbs 20:19
Gonna try to rep this number right today.
Music to my ears. Half time we dont want women to pay..just offer,lol
great feedback! have you looked at getting a full SM account? more flexibility there.
I took Comm Law as a summer class. I'm still recovering.
Long day
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and cook in steel or pyrex! but not in aluminum.
Ever needs a little N. Sparks in their life :)
oh alright.
#Str8LykeDes... Ok folks blowin me asking me how the hell that happen when folks just know where been all day...
lol u a fool 😜
nope it was the Marilyn one
Yes Marina you are more than welcome to join and I'll make you the best Hookah ever, Haha.
I wouldn't know but sometimes eliminating some foods can make a world of difference
I agree - he had the 'A Few Good Men' defense of being given a direct order.
#SPNDrinks Yellow Eyes wine (Yellow Tail)
when will you be back out here to finish your piece?
Announcing EIGHT WINTER NIGHTS, A FAMILY HANUKKAH BOOKS, new from Laura Krauss Melmed, illustrated by Elisabeth Schlossberg, Chronicle Books
that to me? lol
SAT word of the day: dither (v.) to be indecisive
I'm an awesome baker not to toot my own horn but I am
skate everyday
What on Mtv lets see
Wow! Someone just made a last-minute $200 contribution to Alliance for Audience! That makes our New Years Eve celebration great! Thanks!
sallltyyy i forgot about the concert at UC tonight. 😠
How the eff you spend 450$ on an app and then go to install it and it says "contact iTunes customer service" Call them... Closed.
Up early. Still pumped up over the #49ers win yesterday!!!
Great to see pitch event last night. Excited for who won for Good Karma Clothing For Kids!
Join the party, get a discount — volunteer to work at ONA12!
Totally satisfied with my most recent encounter with a customer service rep. However, it was via email so I could understand the person.
Good night twitter --
We'll be at 's AAR-SBL annual meeting in San Francisco on Nov 19-22. Stop by booth 529 for a 20% discount & free shipping!
coffee says: go, Trisha, go!
you risk me rejecting you...
u gonna check out tron uprising ?
miss loretttta i'm ready for the rest of the tour
YOUR ONE OF THE GREATEST GUYS THAT I KNOW(: YOU ARE VERY SWEET AND FUNNY! I REALLY WISH I COULD MEET YOU ONE DAY<3Mahomie4Life
watched it the other night. Yeah, she was wrong for that. Ending didn't do much for me but I won't spoil for you.
Love that article! Amazing story. Thanks for sharing it with me.
I probably hate you because you're so similar to me.
The Social Network
Went 2 a party w. drunks. Got home @ 2:30am last night. WHAT A NIGHT! Had the 'Don't drink' speech from my mom.
On my way to Wizards game saw a Virginia plate that said Leveosia ... Get it first book yall
What if in the 1st century being born of a virgin also referred to a child whose mother became pregnant the first time she had intercourse?
Yessuh! 👍👏🎉 RT : Glad to be done w/college. I opted out of participating in graduation ceremony, but I'm a graduate. God is great.
Great meeting today! Thanks for the BBQ! Looking forward to working together in some way.
RT If you have a November birthday!
Sometimes i Feel Bad For you Guys ! b/c Your Fans Be harassing You and You guys Look irritated and Its be Funny Sometimes
Where have you shopped local this holiday season?
On to the Moscow-St. Petersburg train. Let's see how this Moscow Metro system works.
Absolutely. Though I hope my girl won't be a hard core objectivist.
BP article ID 4464, by Nate Silver
When I awoke this morning life smiled at me! The rest of the day I will smile at life :)
Emily, i'm so glad your not. :)
Truth. RT I look forward to the day when my inbox is no longer filled with the Defense Department's death notices.
ahhaha I'll buy you more like 30 more. sounds good? cool
When your at lunch and you don't know anybody so you can't sit anywhere without feeling awkward.
OMG Whitey Houston Gon #RIP Whitney Houston
Your baking blog is great!
If your cup has become full of joy & love, it's time for you to share that joy & lvoe with others!
Homework time, then blog time. I should be to bed by 4.
Watch out emr doesnt always work on touch screens ;) RT I'm w/u. Our pilot project here looking @ devices
Learned yesterday at work while rehousing pennants: the 1959 All Star Game (baseball) featured 22 eventual Hall of Famers. Want names?
RT : Ring out ahoya! Go go go !
yep... I'm pretty sure she was trying to be helpful... but still... :(
Don't tell but I've been taking voice lessons, ya heard??
I lost all my ringtones when I updated my phone. As of right now my only ringtone is a remix of Finn's buff baby song.
Shit I do n put up with I should be treated like a queen!!!!
So, does whoever ends up getting 's hair know who it came from?
Let us know if you need any help
Are you drinking? ;)
Well, I finally have a sequel to my chopped and screwed No Doubt cover band, Slowdoubt, in the works; a screamo band called Mrs. Shoutfire
Torn in between
babe just a mild not to hot yet I need more convinsing before i like send him my underwear in the mail or somthing
I can't wait till I go to Prom, so I can show these Hoes how its Done ..
Lol there's a funny story to that tweet.
are you ready for you copy of #COD #BlackOps a week in advance...i know i am...stay tuned to this channel people..I WILL ONLY HAVE 50 copies
Cinnamon toast crunch>>>>
Much appreciated. 4 more in the series. “: Meeting the people behind the food. Nice twist.”
yea I have no idea how it slipped my mind?!?
really?? Thanks! Have to look for it tomorrow. Thanks for letting me know!
So Sad RIP Elizabeth Taylor
Slacker for sure over here! Thanks for the high five Kim!!
Chick Why You Ask me for money? Da Nigga Thats pleasing that pussy should be providing for it. If I pay you rent Im a atleast get a taste
RT : Nature of workforce and work in cos being seeded now hugely different from the ones in business already.
Do I understand you're not getting it either? (But yesterday??) Maybe petulant Boobykins will try & send an e‑mail first….
yeh, let's get together for a drink! Bus Boys at 5th and K?
#FT #FollowTuesday omg, SOMEONE ACTUALLY GETS ME!!!!!!!
T.Y. That would be the Irish Wolfhound at the feet of the Irish Brigade Monument at G'Burg,
The Bad Girls Club<3 going to bed after!
Thanks for the good discussion. Hope to see you all next week.
I seriously plan on getting tickets to Smoltz's hall of fame induction luncheon and game.
musicians need to stick together after all!
Shake now swing them titties lol
Just landed! See y'all soon!
Yeah it's definitely not, but perhaps you're a good follow as well to complain about the Bucks with.
RT Not to make light of this situation but if Perry's #campuscarry bill goes into effect how wd you report "a man w gun on campus"
Picked up a little guy in the cruiser who was being teased and brought him straight home to mommy! Got them digits
Fred Davis or Owen Daniels?
Yet another gorgeous Spring day in MA, yet why do I feel there'll be payback?
“I'm very excited to join the Washington Capitals organization” - Tomas Vokoun, July 2, 2011
well.. its kind of a long story ;)
Who would you have thunk?
Looking for someone to assist me with SEO. Serious replies only.
idek I didn't really take the time out to listen lol
Tonight is Jamie Moyer's 636th start, 25 yr veteran. His opponent: 22 yrs old, 4th start. Age over wisdom?
please please please please follow me Ive tried for a yer to get noticed but its Not working 😭😔will today be my lucky day xx
Ready to eat lunch. :(
Go Rockets! Talk about showing up the All-Star team...
Hey Asher! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Summer of the Shark: I am seeing real footage of an 8yr old getting attacked by a shark! His right arm and leg are off!
until we can provide incentives ( and I are working on this), authors and editors will have to chase down reviewers
Mr. Jackson, Mr. Grant, and Mr. Franklin most likely.
Watching on Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Now that everyone has smart phones, I wonder why doctors still have magazines in their waiting room.
k can't wait to hear your reaction:)
stop it! I called u back to
maybe it's: users want more from life and eachother, not nec from organizations per se
Your parents gift is the gift that keeps on giving :) I think ate 5 Tangelos in one day!
Ohmygosh . I have NO homework.... I think.
The book is so New York, that names too demonstratively British strike me as pretentious on the page, tho I love them IRL
That's incredible of you and your friend, it means the world to Brian and I. Thank you Dale! ^__-
Confession... least favorite thing in the world is getting ready:( Give me a ball cap and windpants/sweatpants all day everyday.
And I'm an idiot. lol. Shouldn't have sent that song to her.
Looking forward to a short week, then heading back north on Thursday!
I'm good havent seen you on in a while how has things been going for you?
Not rare at all; it's been fermenting a long, long time. I think it might work here.
Bo compared Gasser's confidence in his sophomore year to attending a sockhop and asking girls to dance.
or at least didn't have anything over a size 8 hiding in the back so you had to ask for it.
Securing shooting locations is a really irritating and difficult task.
Andy Coldwell tonight @ Playhouse. Wanna join us?
if you like bananas nigga...lol
I accepted cookies from a stranger. I'm only worried b/c I think he's a diabetic.
"Something slutty." -- every cunt on Twitter with 5,000 or more followers
more relaxing for you
You could say el cinco brought out our true colors.
DC heard that you are on your way
still make it or not it came from man. women are meant to carry in womb+man= my fuckn point...
I am going to enjoy twitter for the next 30 minutes before it goes ALL TEBOW, ALL THE TIME. Who am I kidding? I love me some #tebowtime !!
I'm good :) what's ur name?
Sometimes we forget the greatness of our founding fathers. I salute John Quincy Adams for his encouraging words!
That list fills me with more rage than you can imagine. STOP NAMING YOUR CHILDREN AFTER CRAPPY TEEN ROMANCE NOVEL CHARACTERS
Will do ...And we are also a hot new business!
I never before knew there were no TV time-outs in overtime in the
At waiting for presentations to start.
Any chance DeCastro can slide to that pick?
nice..Some rain is def good!
Drinking white wine and reading books
Agreed on the email thought. Same w weekdays after 9. In the last year that's changed to 7, unless I've told the kids later.
Truuuu!! | ": Looks like I'm at Pillow Talk this month for da homie Debo birthday celebration"
Stripper girl, (;
So close to being done with my giant PR plan. #xmasvacation is right around the corner
...at the coffee shop - studying marketing in the voice over business/
... to displaying arousal and orgasm in his presence, and to educate the partner on how to provide her with effective stimulation.
What is try-harding?
#Dreamteam. “: I am tired of this lousy Iggles defensive tackling, take to the streets to protest youth of South Philly
well at least you get a little excitement on a Monday.
I still got a final to take today but later tn I'm in
The death of Junior Seau brings up tons of issues. Suicide is beyond complex. is a group that I support that deals with it.
I am guessing Packers will use 1st round pick on a RB or Saftey.
Go & Broncos! Great game!
Many thanks kind sir :) Grateful & beyond
Did you get hockey tix?? Frozen Fenway seats are going wicked fast I guess :(
Like to say I have some idea, but no.
those asses all look so yummy though.
Feeling grateful that I have the power to make choices in life.
Hiaa Laurenn I'mm Michelle Ramirez. :D From Vinny's Page :D The One Who Defended You :D
People from Connecticut are called Nutmeggers. That's hilarious.
When you want something, you have to be willing to pay your dues.
Spa Finder Deal Days! Go on our website to book your appointment!
just dribbled water all down the front of my shirt. Should fit right in at Baby Book Time now.
it's pretty chill we are watchin avatar in class(:
smoke n mirrors tonight? Do I say ur name at the door?
Felt really nice not getting up at 530(:
looks like you're having a fun morning :)
Up on the east side
Smoking weed under star projectors, I guess we'll never know where Harvard gets us. ✨✌💨🌴
How someone can have so much built up anger baffles me, let it go or let it out
Thanks everyone for the well wishes! He's doing better right now. 😷💉
Costumes have become quite pricey over the years, so you need to know how much you can spend
workin on this new single. "Karma" beat is smooth, flow is smooth, soundin good so far. taking my time with it tho....be ready.
I'm losing my motivation to go to school.
Seriously, this unknown surge of happy is kinda wigging me out.
Attention Ladies and Gentleman, due to train traffic ahead, General Mills will no longer be offering its popular Count Chocula cereal.
Yes, great day for a ride. Didn't stop at What's up with that mess on the north end of the trail?
Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.
- damn I wish I was back in the Buckeye State for that! I saw you at the Newport back in 95 or 96
Day 3 of #21daychallenge. It's on like donkey kong.
He was vetted on this stuff in 2008. That dog won't hunt. Maybe someone on the right can dredge up that "whitey" tape.
thanks to everyone who care to the signing, Hope everyone had a good time. Special thanks to
poor Kimbella don't stand a chance.. lol
Just got word that "Have Heart" will be used on the 4/18 broadcast of "The Young and The Restless". Tell your mothers!
Its not Easter unless it takes us a half hour or more to find our Easter Baskets.
Good Morrow Sir Josh.. Enjoy Your Big Shopping Extravaganza!
From 4-8p tonight, thanks to Free Family Days, U can get ur family in 4 FREE to The Children's Museum of Indpls from 4-8pm
Facebook app needs to auto save status updates like twitter. Katana bs error is beyond frustrating. I don't want to rewrite it 3x again.
i kinda might just have the biggest crush on you ever. <3
sounds like the best post-seminar meal I ever heard of... with some pretty awesome peoples too!
What venue did they play?
Kyle Lobner of is worried about pitching tonight vs. CHI, partly because of potential windy conditions in early April.
what the ???? For real?
Today is a sad horrible day.
are you knockin the boots?
Bring the noise: What Social Media monitoring apps work best for you?
What's the good news, Mortal Kombat II? I haven't seen you since pre-pubescence.
This Friday, 1/20- Join us for CAPS vs HURRICANES, WIZARDS vs NUGGETS, and a DJ from 10pm-close! Come shake what your mama gave ya!
RT Reading The Infinity Gauntlet for the first time in about 20 years. // Nice. Wonder who they'll cast as Adam Warlock...?
Now on to "How to Leverage Social Data for Your Campaign"
I had surgery this week and now have 3 screws holding my foot together! Hoping for a speedy recovery. Look forward to catching up next week.
The nice Jamaican guard in the parking lot just said, "You must be going home. You are smiling like a well-fed baby!"
That's a small heap of slightly annoying misfortune at best. I shake my head at you. Slowly. Like a bison.
When you discover your full potential that's when you're at your best
My lighter is dead :/ fml....
Watching Fridays episode of #Fringe this show keeps getting more and more awesome 😃
Getting a lot of new friends on these social networks. Does that mean people are talking about me and my work?
"I'd like some moldy cheese curds!" (Thoop!)
getting excited!
“There is no delight in owning anything unshared.” ~Seneca (Roman philosopher, mid-1st century AD)
definitely the crust punks. They're so busy they don't even have time to bathe!
I lovee my heated blanket on nights like this
we got ourselves a good as Drama Scene :]
You are my favorite person in the whole world. And that includes the imaginary ones.
Its cold in here ..
Thanks for the solid articles you've been posting - some great tips in there.
Online Gambling Film ‘Runner, Runner’ Will Star Ben Affleck, Justin Timberlake
Looking forward to getting a drink and wings at Razzles tonight.
u get the venue list I sent to u?
1 more follower to 200! Granted, I'm not political, but I'm nice, occasionally funny, and present irrelevant TV trivia and quotes.
sexist much, #Piers?
"Stop playing with my damn cup, hurry and pour me a drink."
Wait, you're not talking about a computer bug, are you? I'll have to ask you for that story next week.
playing with great pace! Ball moving with purpose. Stretching the pitch to the maximum width. Is this our new brand?
Oh don't tease me! I'm not ready for another heartbreaker! He's SO cute!!
Me: Do you like Coon? Mr.Escobedo: No, no Coons are bad. They get in your trash and steal stuff Lmao
Bro You Think You can lace Up The verse somtime this week Im tryna Ft it on my tape its droppin next friday?
hah yeah it's whatever. I'm just happy I get to go:)
I used to HATE days when my mom cleaned because of vinegar. I'd lock myself in my room. I despise that smell.
's profile says Chile
aw thanks
Hahaha how I walk? Yeah only until 12 though.
What play were you reviewing?
nothing at all ):
Rivera's a HOF at top of his game, but also replaceable? Not that I disagree, but an odd concept.
I freakingg love (:
Excited for rocky's with !
#HeavyD You will always be remembered as a musical innovator who was instrumental in the forward progress of rap! Plus you were DEF! :)
2Bit Palomino up for Texas Music Awards this weekend! Whats up???
haha... Were those links of use?
After seeing the Chas Sheen interview- ? What are Vegas odds on Charlie living out 2011
BET RT nice! I'll hit you up next week boss.
ESPN SPORTSCENTURY WE'RE COMIN FOR YOU - uploading Chapter 9 (Part 1) now.
a musician's car trouble: the metal music stand in my trunk apparently got lodged in a board and disconnected my camry's hybrid system.
We r pleased to announce that the GSBA Scholarship Program of Seattle is a beneficiary of the Diversity Platinum Rewards Program. Welcome!
2002, a Japanese scientist found 1.24 trillion digits of pi using a powerful computer (Hitachi SR 8000) breaking all previous records
Yay! So that's why you weren't on?
Eating breakfast ..... then back to sleep
My goal of not drinking this week has royally failed. Damn you Red Velvet Cupcake wine!
#onSept11 I was watching the news in the coffee shop at Loyola New Orleans before Dr. Folse's Scientific Revolution's class.
Totes miss
you are so sexy! i had to stop what i was doing and think about what i would like to do to you!
I hate having to live up to my friends' standards. I really want to live my own life. That's all.
Having fun at 's going away dinner w/ and ! We're gonna miss you Steph!
What's your answer!? You'd think as a traveling poker pro proposing via skype is understood & privacy is uber important?
wendy!? wendy walters...
Totally. Wambach is awesome.
You better not be jinxing Addison Reed with all of this hyping you are doing. We White Sox fans need hope.
Yes - please email the GM Nick at with details and what you're looking for
"you're gonna be dead when I finish killing you!" -Larry Hinson
I'm in this month's Fangoria for Dapper Cadaver & gearing up for Comic Con next week!
It's very possible that La Toya is my new favorite Jackson.
we buy residential rehabs or #multifamily re-position. We currently are only buying in
I wanna go outside
Hello new friend!
Be afraid. Be very afraid!
btdub, thoughts on the catsuit released today?
-- huh - Happy Hour!!! Hit the gym tomorrow!!
Did you know a certain restaurant in #Denver has been offering specials for mentioning their tweets lately?
You mean, "It's all natural, so it must be good for me!" Dangerous thought process.
ReDeLee Studios painting @ Marietta Square w Seressa & Heather!
I just said someone needs to tweet so I have something to do.. hahah
Women are the real architects of society. -Harriet Beecher Stowe
President Nixon graduated 1st in his class, excelling @ debating, but lost to John F. Kennedy in 1960 presidential debates.
I've met him too. Good guy, just not producing
Did you see snarky column on Nice Rides no deposit policy next to article? No good deed goes unpunished.
no because you're a bitch. Is it so hard to follow back? :(
Guessing they mean impressions, not people.
no; been long distance from day 1. was finishing his masters in NC & I'm in boston. His summer plans are fluid
I need something to do .. were is my BFF .. ??.
Your skin can change from day to day, so check it out in the morning
This same guy has been on the phone for legit 2 hours
finally,finished dating with mr ekonomi HAHAHAHAHA.
And still confused as to why you wouldn't tell me how you were really feeling towards me.
i cant wait to be gone from this shit hole of a town. fuck saint joe and all the fake bitches in it
Fabulous Design Tip: Bring in fruit tree branches and place them in water. The blooms will make you happy.
Its really funny how much you can grow apart from someone and the best part is someone takes your place.
Hope you have time to check us out! Add Rotton Wisdom to your Pandora player! Thanks
Rose down and out... Chicago are done!
I'm not on maternity leave, I'm really building a #robot. TO MASTER ALL #ROBOT S.
Guess I thought Hollywood could dream up new shows-really Charlie's Angels and Hawaii 50 again? Sigh...
OU has been #1 in the AP poll 100 times. I'm no mathematician, but I think that's about 100 more times than
Never thought watching "Worst Cooks In America" could make me laugh so hard
Another awesome #FollowFriday! Great science ladies
Some things are best when kept secret ;)
leave philly
Only 9 more #breastcancer radiation treatments to go. I am out of double digits!
ah hon i hope it works out for you
The #Afghan Hound is believed to be one of the oldest #breeds in the world today.
When i get my tax return I'm taking my gal out on a nice fancy date!
I truly hope that the remainder of that 6 pack brings you joy and happiness for years to come. I suspect it will go unopened.
The top of my ipad is cracked (in the white part). Didn't notice until it cut my hand...is there a warranty on them???
Indiand v. Jays
what you watching?
Trivia Tuesday starts tonight at 9 p.m. Your team could win 1/2 off your tab!
what? Are you discouraging the expansion of public transit? How???
come on man... stay strong Lakers
He's the man.
PP Is Still Clutch. I Wouldn't Mind Giving Him The Shot. I Just Want Melo.
": Dumb Hoes , They're Soo Stupid .."
MY LIFE RIGHT NOW.
Thanks for the RT! Love the profile pic too.
love all your songs. Just love you
where yal gone be live at 2nite mention me
“: I wish the individuals who text me were of value” harsh
"False information" spelled backwards is "False information"
Our belief at the beginning of a doubtful undertaking is the one thing that ensures the successful outcome of our venture
i try to sleep b4 12 but i can't i'm just used to staying up late Now , :/
WE LOVE YOU .. Tell everyone to follow us!!!!!!!!!
wth. how did he do that?
Do you know of any statistics on how many RDs are using various forms of social media by chance?
little ditty on a bike today? 11 am or 1 pm most votes takes it start BBW
Hello. I follow you. Would you follow me? Much love. Dr. Spanish
who wants to go get something to eat?
Don't miss the mayor lighting the menorah 4 pm on Fremont between LVB & 4th
Wow, Judy, you don't do things by halves! Decided on your new location yet?
Thanks, we did! We'll contact you if we're interested.
I'm pretty sure that if I put up my vision board in my office I would most probably resign by the end of the week, lol. Food for thought...
Only thing certain for game 7 Sunday is craziness.
Top 10 tech gadgets everyone should own
some at Big Dog coffee too! “: Issue 10 is errywerr - jester's court and beehive”
Love your enthusiasm! RT : Yoga Night! BooYa!
Anti lakers fans talking shit like their team won the championship
Oh my goodness! I haven't been getting emails for your blog! Stupid subscription. I promise it was an accident!
RT: : S/o to them niggas out hustlin & Everyone Go Follow them & WE OUT HERE.
porfavor follow me back
wtf twisted metal is a ps2 game made for ps3 save your 60$ and buy a good game fuck
today is day one of a seven day cleanse - fruit only. we'll see about this...
You're a nosy butt.
AMERICA'S MEDICIS by Suzanne Loebl looks interesting
Can't be said enough. RT : Social media is not a tech job. - Lindsay Martin
I'm happy: that's just the saddest lie.
We Scythians loathe rainbows.
Holy S**t!! is following me!!! Hello!! My favorite couple possibly EVER!!!
Pick to win the cup now Cyotes!! Mike Smith gonna take them to the Cup!!
Animals with eyebrows are at a tremendous advantage. Hard to look pitiful without eyebrows.
But my foot tho !! Smh this can't be life!!.
Duncan with a walk to put a man on first with Kipnis at the plate. 3-0 Sox in the 2nd
Mvndvs vvlt decipi - The world wishes to be deceived there's a sucker born every minute
Need another older women to talk too
french cowards in the morning, french cowards in the evening, french cowards at supper time...
As soon as you start blaming yourself for patients dying, theres no coming back!
Dear benedryl, YOU'RE FIRED.
opens at 10:30! (only 30 mins, but every minute counts when you need foods...)
At the police department getting fingerprinted... for a background check. Waiting in line behind lots of criminals. Wish me luck.
google translate it is. Thank you ! ;)
I need to learn your secrets to 1st class bumps. I guess I could start by not flying Southwest.
Time to get ready for work
we haven't even scratched the surface on leveraging sm. is putting out some great ideas
Ladies night at 's pad with , and Ingrid who doesn't tweet :)
The Girl With The Unicorn Tramp Stamp
Why does Amazon email me recommendations for books in my Wish List?
RT : Well maybe that soccer game was a mistake. I'll be asleep in all my classes today.
I'll be staffing two reference desks tonight. Yay! Hopefully it will be busy.
mad cause they can't get u lol
nearly every criticism leveled by could have been said of MLK. boring tidbits galore.
Co-sign. RT Why is even still on?? It died when AJ & Free left.
Every time I buy a bag of carrots from Kroger, they taste like soap! No more!
We will see you soon :)
Penn Virginia Corporation Announces First Quarter 2012 Results; Provides Updates of Operations and Full-Year 2012 ...
and its gotta be afc if its not #dabears. Unless we just screw a team all up, in which dal, det, or min would work
I appreciate you T-Bird
I'll be reviled for totally different reasons :)
Live ur dream, don't let anything stop u, do something that makes u stand out!
Haven't felt the need to tweet, but must now reaffirm that IKEA is made of awesome & I should be kept far, far away
#SaySomethin IS AMAZING!!(;
My abs hurt from all those crunches (;
first date???
In way to over my head with my classes this semester, I'm busy and it's not even gonna get hard yet : / prolly my last weekend of freedom
Think-y work is harder, but much more fun than grind-y work. :)
Check out South Lake Union. It's a great neighborhood!
aw, i missed the follows! :(
Dad's okay. He still has no power in Chesterfield. Got our power back tonight in Richmond. Hear things tough in PG.
On the other hand, the students are running with the lesson and getting cool audio
News of 's 2000 job cuts makes me sad for #digitalmedia industry. Also validates my 2008 decision to not move forward with
Breakin up relationships is my bad habit #SBCDAT !
My family shield is the Achilles' Heel and a panic button.
RT I need some food. Somebody meet me at Bob Evans! <---- I'm officially hating right now. Lol
Morning Bird Stroll– Mar 10, 8:30-9:30am, $2 -Join us to see what birds call our park home. Binoculars and field guides available Age 3+
thanks for the yummy lunch you make a mean grilled ham and cheese sammy and tomato soup
The Sharp Equity software program is coming along nicely. Thanks team for all the crazy hours and hard work!
Anyone ever hear of sperm being referred to as "Bag Sauce". If not, I claim it.
I fucking hate storms
Watching on Comedy Central! Fkn love him!
yeah that message made me laugh a lot
You know what makes The Voice worth watching? Cee Lo strokes a white cat in his interviews like a Bond villain!
FOR MEN: Full Chest & Full Back (including neck and shoulders) only $240 INJECTABLES BOTOX $8 per unit
I called it before the battle - but changed during - she was NOT good this time
Today's my birthday. Can anyone help me get a happy birthday from Ariana? It would make my life :)
My earlier tweets were abt free improv. There's tradition of documenting live perf, 'owning' the not so good bits.
do tell
good morn'n
I had a dream that I was in Portland, OR hanging out with Alicia Paulson, craft goddess.
Such an amazing event! We're so excited. Have a great time and thanks for using ShowClix :)
Hahaha!! I am so laughing at you. Let's see you try.
Yay I get to sleep in tomorrow =)
you can't skip it in no fuck'n chuck tayz... vans off the wall...
I had a dream that Forever 21 was giving everything away for free & no one knew but a few people. Bra. I went to town.
Follow Please I watch all of your videos and your amazing!! :D
Your out the cycle you made it; your THERE! We have yet to meet that gap.
Every time I read stuff online about Cortland they impress me more cant wait to visit. Did a college search website and they're a 93% match
I dont understand hormones! they make you crazy! :/
Completely agree re: last yr. This yr if you can drop down a few slots & pick up another 2nd they'll still get playmkr they want.
If you haven't been up for the past two hours you have missed the best part of the day
Did you even see the clip? It was a no BS from Tyson. Lazy reporting from y'all again.
what your young
Bout to watch the playoffs and eat gud thankful for another day
We are creating software for trade show producers, In a joint venture with LDD Consultants, which will transform the industry. Stay tuned!
yay for Wednesday game night! On my way to conquer a galaxy right now
Glad to hear that! Thanks for looking out for the safety of our students.
I never thought dat things would happened the way they did
how was 'basicstyles' not taken let me just save that o k thanks
Covering President Obama's speech in Cushing, OK for
Heck yes!
I know you are right & I will. But seriously. If immitation equals flattery, plagiarism equals stalkery. Words are personal.
IS MY KID THE ONLY 1 THAT SPENDS, ALL HIS MONEY ON DUCT TAPE, YES, U HEARD CORRECTLY, YA SHOULD C WHAT HE CREATES W/IT, INCREDIBLE!!!
Words of Wisdom Wednesday! Our mental and emotional diets determine our overall energy levels, health, and well-being to a far greater...
Reminder street team meeting at Amanda's at 11am Mandatory for Street Team captains, volunteer for the rest.
My husband doesn't respect my #RHOBH time... Doesn't he understand?! There is no talking when bravo is on! Capeesh ?
Wonderful 5 day outlook...the next 5 days are sunny and warm...good days to have a hot dog for lunch that won't break the bank...see u there
I'd rather play the Diamondbacks
#cart Ecommerce Shopping Cart Software
I would think but not what it sounds like from what Zach and other beat writers saying this weekend . . .
congrats to Elaine S. from Fairfax for winning the Our Life Memories VIP subscription! Elaine, please check your email to claim your prize.
that's where I'm headed lol
do you guys have a "buzz" or "breaking" or "meme-y" section? (This is different from "new" IMO)
I can't sleep , sing me a song please. That might help
Sometimes I call him M.I.A. cuz that's what he does.....a lot! Lol is that wrong?
Having a rough day? Place your hand over your heart. Feel that? That's called purpose. You're alive for a reason. Don't give up.
For the College Insider Tournament to date our projected data is - ML 79% ATS 50% Totals 62%
Definitely not..
When Gasol plays like he's playing tonight he's one of the 20 best players in the league. Why he can't do it consistently is baffling.
fi real. Dem supervisors just want sit behing dem desk all do on facebook and gossip.
Diamond Life.
Brett Favre is not a gentleman. In other news, a former Playboy model is shocked - shocked! - that a man would hit on her.
U nasty lesbian
RT : BrdsNBz text program from NC has ability to do service on national level for orgs who pay licensing fee & avoid start...
Busy day for us today!!! Photoshoot at 3. Then Final rehearsal for FEAR of Trust! #EXCITED!
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 32
me and are at Barbary.
Way to go and - it's the English Heritage Room!
You all fake the funk. Hard in the paint, what's up? I bust nuts on dumb sluts after I rape the cunt.
Watching the Adams Family, one of my favorite childhood movies
Conrad Murray found guity for the death of Michael Jackson, how do you feel about it America?
Shout out new
and "conservative" and "Tea Party" are synonymous.
omg I so agree with this one . Hate all those "wives" shows !!
grrrrrrrrrrrrr.....been having a bad day
My #Chipotle burrito has the wrong kind-of salsa in it and now it is too hot
Love to see that too. Want to see what a Floyd looser looks like :)
Im pretty new to this. Help me out and I got you.
Good morning everyone(:
don't forget Bochy!
Thanks guys!
when are u gonna be there?
Do you own a Service Animal? Read how CRTASA's centralized registry will help confirm your animal's official status. Join our network today!
WHY ARE U MAD ANY WAYS
Daily GTKY question: What’s your signature scent? Knowing my FB friends, this is going to be blast. I’m laughing already :)
On this Easter Sunday, let us not forget Brian of Judea, who did not rise from the dead.
Having a blast in Newport today... it's a beautiful day=]
please send me a booking contact
You're too tired to talk on the phone for like a minute, really? It's things like this that make me think you're with her. Ugh.
That is definitely the direction I'm heading. No more kits. Custom playgrounds that inspire imagination!
Authentic teacher eval is mighty expensive ( cost me $2,500). Do we fire teachers & increase class sizes 2pay for it?
Oh yeah..I had ☕ again! Maybe that's why I'm a tad hyper! 😝
YES DEY WILL
Have a kick ass day and stay Sexy
thx! Looks so pretty & summery!!
His stimulus was puny compared to the reality.
We told JT we'd love to take him to Costa Rica to see the butterfly gardens. He says, "Well... is there anything else to do there?"
Censorship reflects a society's lack of confidence in itself.
Green tea contain polyphenols. Benefits r weight loss, anti-aging, reduction in sun damage, & enhanced sun protection when used w/sunscreen.
Aww, thanks! Wish I had better numbers to go off of, but even so, it has been totally fascinating watching this whole thing. :D
Applying for jobs...
Does anybody not need all ten of their graduation tickets ?
You are what you tweet?
DREAM: Be a professional dancer, and im serious about this...
thanks for coming out to the show! we are glad you enjoyed it
Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.
Good things are going to happen!
TweetDeck? It was hacked. People were able to use other people's accounts.
thanks for the tutorial
well I really don't think one party has all the answers, but the fact is obama is wasting money at a record rate
“: RT : Chad Henne has more rushing yards & rushing touchdowns than Chris Johnson..."
seems about accurate.
Where u get dat LSU beanie at
Hindenburg passengers had 34 seconds from first spark to fiery destruction. Those standing at viewing windows jumped.
Earthquake check in! Any damage out there? My fam said they are ok. No tree across the yard like last time. SMH
I just finished a 4.66 mi run with a pace of 7'39"/mi and a time of 35:45 with Nike+ GPS.
Three weddings and a... lot of fuss - Bangkok Post
We're looking for deals on that food now! Keep checking back!
The color blue has a calming effect. It causes the brain to release calming hormones.
Time to paint
this new shit go so hard
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!:)
I was just voicing disapproval
lol no sorry.
#RelationshipsNowdays aren't real but me & my man make the difference! I love him!!!!
Meetings done--productive couple of days. Now to get in some D.C. museum/gift shop time.
Today in #Boston's history: March 14, 1743 - The first American town meeting was held at Boston's #Faneuil Hall
12/17/2010 Influence That! Content Management Connection Blog
Join Last Thursday Street Ops team & help LT remain clean fun event. These guys rock! Volunteers needed: 8/11 6pm @ Fuel Cafe
Did Abraham Washington sign Batista too?
This is a time that you wish you had a twin that spoke fluent spanish. Good luck Nicole, you can do it!! 👍
no problem! Sperantsa is thankful for your support!
I need an Around away girl....
though I love both,
Ok who is joining Paul on stage. You know it's coming.
21 jump street
1 more follower until 200 who will it be? Lol!
whoa awesome!
insanity tonight?
Scott County girls' basketball wins on Senior Night, topping Pendleton Co. 93-52.
and Cindy only suffered from a lisp after that completely reckless seating oh & not growing up as adorable as she was as a kid
Well, sorry about that. Facebook is just acting up a lot!
Thanks for RT, Tim. Have a great day.
This is news how? :)
I was born here but my parents are hispanic.... Hbu????
I honestly still don't know what I did to make you not talk to me.
thanks for Bringing willy wonka back to life !!
OMG rad! Ask for his gorgeous Processing sketch for Adv. Animation. It's TOTALLY a collectible wall piece. DO IT
Blues draw first blood 3-0
Faisal is a pussy and has to get someone else to fight Andrew for him.
it was me and you against the world now its me standing alone..
lololololol AP Euro study first.
#Mother'sDay approaches and thinking about Jewish Mommies and Daughters. Diane Wyshogrod has been wrestling with this Dance her whole life.
hey what's your pin BlackBerry ??
The new NEA Arts Ed Survey also indicates that the decline for arts ed happened around the same time
In Kroger eating candy out of the pay by the pound stand;my homie like it say sugar is free;The actual reading was sugar free candy;I'm lmao
There's really only a few ppl, besides my family, that you could ask about me and they'd give you an accurate assessment.
she's working on an album , which will feature Bieber. and she is working with National Geographic or Animal Planet for a 2 h
My dirty birds, I woke up from night shift exhaustion for this. Can we please just put points on the board.
In denial. Not ready 4 it 2 end. RT Watching the final episode of Friday Night Lights. Can't believe it's ending. Sad face.
Damn!!! Frankie Cartier chill with the DMs dude !!!! I don't know u like that homie
insurance coverage is shrinking as deductibles are increasing and choices of hospitals are more limited.
Thank you so much for posting the Warren video!
Glad you liked our videos!!
Bad night for GOP all around. Bad night for FOX. Hopeful night for SARAH PALIN.
That awkward moment when u see pull into the vd parking lot lmfao
I fucking love you crazy b*tch
Russel Hantz, of #Survivor... has his own reality show about flipping houses... oh dear...
New York: it's funny because it's true.
cleaned my room for 5 min. now Internet break.=) lol
Well done, Tony. And that fish went BACK into the river. You rock.
Omg that's terrifying. If you weren't afraid of clowns before....
Love No Light, No Light by so much.
Just saw this white guy get b****ed out by his girl so I looked at them and made a loud "whip" noise acting like I had whip. Life is good :)
justin!! :D
Why is that I feel more productive when I wear heels?
Just got my track uniform...its DISGUSTING.
Just noticed how much easier things will be when I can finally drive.
hey miranda you are in a relationship? please answer ;):):):):):)
Got slammed in the face by a volleyball!
/ the stabbinators were: the people on the bus ( #18) w/lots of bags & the driver.
Happy Birthday, Claudio!
Welcome to our team the new Giving Program Account Coordinator Elli Overton!
that is so disturbing! 😖
Nobodyys perfect , But she perfect for me
I didn't know stating facts was hating.
ooc; How long?
concerned that a media trainer can't make a point or tell a story.
please know that i am always criticizing food (especially the ones with meat in it).
ooohh I'm intrigued!
looking forward to see what Hosmer's gunna do!!
The feeling that everything worked out for the best :)
Please follow me!!!!!! it would make my year!!!
The new ward map makes looks like you are stuck with us. The battle for cutest ward baby continues.
Really? thanks that's very appreciated.
Another long day but hey I can't complain. Life is aight.
in actualized, TOMS are amazing, i was just unlucky and happened to get my shoe caught and it ripped a hole
I need to be around sane people but I don't know how to force an out of body experience.
Now I ain't sayin she's a gold digger
Have you listened & watched any of our archived webinars? Lots of great juvenile justice topics from experts in the field...
wow that's crazy. Any losing player that goes to gaming commission would have a great case.
Ravens 2-point no good. CBS bemoans lack of chips in footballs. They should talk to
Amazing how everything can change so much in the blink of an eye..
not if someone put a hit out on all the giant players
checkout some episodes of the original series first, it's cheesy good. Movie seems nothing like it.
uh-huh - 1pm analytics session 4 me (what else?) :-)
Being A Unicorn>>>
Saw full moon over Vegas Strip tonight.
STFU you think your cool cause you're 2 months older.. I'll have my permit before you dumbass.
did he take BP?
Seemed dope as fuck
I'm only coming if you can get Carson Daly & Jennifer Love Hewitt back together.
Honestly, I even feel defensive when this issue goes mainstream although I KNOW change is needed. Don't want to be "Paper"
White iPhone4 To Be Available in Spring 2011 eweekeurope.co.uk/news/white-iph… via
I hope I'm just being an idiot and can't find it. Not that I *want* to be an idiot. I just want my Sherlock!
for real.
hahaha I feel like such a bin bc I've literally been in my bed all day long
Show the video already!
I don't think I can.
“: "the #39 steps" - had a rollickin' good time!!!" Thanks for coming!
retweet if Graduated from an HBCU #HBCUFollowTrain Jackson State University Spring 2011
Why does my family hate me tho?
Daily Muse: "You will never do anything in this world without courage-it is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor!" Aristotle
Missouri, my dear state, you disappoint me. Goodnight.
that would be the only fake twitter acct worth following
Days are weary. Each day of Sierra LaMar's disappearance Overwhelming. Resolution!!!!!!
Thanks for the answer. Your dedication and perseverance inspire everyone. Wish you the best in Antarctica! Stay warm!
Wow.... good bye 1,000 followers. I guess I'm not worthy :(
It's National #highfive day! Sending one from 3,000 miles away right to you!
you are so far away but when I listen to Angels and Gentlemen...
Thanks, Jimmy!! Right back at you!!
Who's ready to rock tonight?
hey spike. Big fan. Still watch X and loved Miracle of St Anna. Whats Red Hook Summer about?
yes home court, experience & MWP is back!
Bored and i love you
Looking forward to Kevin__Allen book release next week. #HiddenAgenda b/c each of us "pitches" every day in one way or another...
Your cool because you talk shit.
I was just watching AF Presents last night! funny coincidence
Well well Rand Paul's detention by the TSA cracks me up!
RT : "Born in a world where I was meant to crumble , statistics try to box me n but watch me over come em"
PERFECT Analogy!
Going to see
It's a kind of morning
Make you nausea but be cautious this is not Dotson Creek
Don't walk & text at the same time: "Teen on cell falls through sidewalk"
very nice. I can see this taking off. Is this Peapod? I just saw an article on Peapod listed in Econsultancy.Thanks for sharing
Can't stand rock chalk chant. Especially arrogance behind it today. UK walks to title now. UNC with Marshall was only competition.
Good old Mysterious Universe! Used to be one of my favorite podcasts. Think Ben was a DJ; hence his taste in electric tunes.
Awesome! ": Talked to 300 Serra High School students,all attentive w/ good questions/ a young man who unfurled a banner: Prom?"
You too, Robin! Hope to see you here soon! ☺
Far too many people are looking for the right person, instead of trying to be the right person.
Fantastic! RT : We'll be in Scottsdale for the whole month of March, hanging out hats &
I've only listened to half of the song. And I don't really care to hear the rest.
I'm still in shock that we got Peyton Freekin Manning!!!
what r ya doin?
CONGRATS TO AND THE WHOLE CREW !!!! BEAT BASH 2011 !!! ITS A WRAP !!! #REALISH TONIGHT #ITSAPARTY !!
#Shoutout to Wednesday Morning...you grace us w/ your Humpness every week...#Appreciate that
And there it is folks! History in the making.
Why, yes. I am looking at Dora the Explorer's Facebook page.
40 minute run ☑.
Thanks to for teaching a very accessible class on web servers and for making it happen.
Dear god, that all sounds wonderful.
Chuck bought me a puppy yesterday! Be jealous, all!
is see that ur on can u plz follow me barely no one is on so this is my chance can u PLZ follow me :)
yeah they did him dirty at that table lol & he loved that girl.
Are you kidding me?! Broncos Orange Crush all the way baby! Bringing back the Crush!
I love #local! So glad that more and more #farmersmarkets are popping up everywhere. Go #organic!
I'll be playing next Wednesday night for worship! Pretty stoked on it.
follow for a live tweet of brain surgery going on right now
That will show 'em!
Im killin this tourney. West. Kentucky beating Illinois was sick and my 2nd 12/5 upset is AZ tonight. March Madness is better than christmas
Do you know if is on any other show? He is an amazing actor!!
. so if you feel a call was missed its ok to make a dirty play on someone else?!? Guess I don't follow that logic
Me and leiah are bout to smash some bdubs
What are your plans - stay in town or go out of town for the Memorial Day weekend? It's just two weeks away....
I've got the rest of the day to myself since bailed on me. Starting with Sushi and may get some gambling in!
I'm also a dork. Total street cred lethal combo. :)
Its almost Christmas<3 Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
Life goes on with or without you.
Thank you for your message. And thank you for your interest in helping the poor of St. Lucia and Dominica!
♫ holla if you feel like you've been down the same road ♫
My travel mate don't wear coats or socks, and we are going to Chicago 😳
Thanks for the advice!!
I'm so excited!I love Demi:)
For reals theres always different people getting down, watch one and tell me if its a good fight lol
Thanks for the follow. I am Antoine. Let's stay in contact
Good Morning. Everybody! You should have some Blackberry's for breakfast.
Love Yuhr Letter Twins!!!
you should have my human kick the shit out of people that don't watch your shit.
Great savings for #seniors this Thursday - 25% discount off entire purchase - must be at least 65-years young!
You smell like melted cheese :-)
I learned an important life lesson tonight. (Snapping gum) People CONFORM. They really do. And it is fake as fuck girlfriend.
exactly what I was going to do. then I kinda grew a heart so it will take a few days. Goal remains!
Follow Back <3
“: Mother nature can suck my dick if its like this at #identityfest tomorrow" it will be....
French Toast Slam @ Dennys >>>>>
Cleaning rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
many of them are, but unfortunately not all, so I will miss it. Be Awesome!
You guys look great. You give good weather n news 😊😊😊
Lebron and wade is da team slow dem 2 dwn dey aint good as a team my opinion
Had to learn the hard way... Fighting resolves NOTHING !
Special thanks to for all their support! They've been helping out so much!
Good Morning!!! Gonna be a busy day today=)
its okay
Hittin the Stage tonight! Come on out and have some fun!
school tomorrow.......... blah D: kill me now i didn't do my homework and don't plan on it
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
sthu girl hear yourself
:) right! This year was awesome! Our whole class is cool. And yea I wish that 2 but jade,ali,hussain,delfino,and daphney rnt
Very excited for the show this Friday
at the top of my lungs I'm giving it back
thanks but I'm not a mother.
Happy Birthday!! I did not think you were 48. You look 35 at the most! Hope you had a great day!
yeah buddy
Rumi Tobita presenting on how to improve ESL course design by allowing students control over texts and lesson plans. Passive = demotivating.
EDITING, EDITING EDITING. HAVENT REALLY EVEN HAD A MINUTE TO GET ON HERE! WHATS GOOD?
Thanks for sharing the Parkway news. Shop there?
Tomorrow is Thanksgiving! How do you plan on spending the holiday?
it was amazing and like I told erin topping it off chating with my chicas is jus making it perfect<3 glad yours was good love<3
yeyah! my craving soon shall return....
is looking forward to a little R & R.
Thxs to for bringing additional excitement to the 'Fully-Inked' apparel market! What would you image on your shirt?
Thanks for the RT's Nigella! How've you been? I'm slowly working my way back to NM from OH. Not clear why I'm in MD.
#FF Season 2 trailer out today!
Just returned from my nephew Thomas' award ceremony where he received the Academic Achievement Award. Congratulations Thomas!
Lmao, this young man said,"Scream if ya p...y clean."
Way to go Gopher hockey teams!!!
We moved!!!! Look for us at 2600 n. high!!!!!
I know where you live too
Smh they bad .
Oh, uh... Yeah I'll let you and Jared be super bummed about that one...
Newt overreacted, IMO. If he has nothing to hide, he should answer the question.
We're glad to hear you enjoyed Rain!
I perspired threw my poors so pore today! RT : I through the ball threw the hoop.
I want to stop cussing SO BAD, but I swear its so hard. :/
if you right up a blog about this let me know. I'm curious what AT&T did and why they said they did it.
#libchat Q4 I like Annoyed Librarian, just to keep me grounded and reading a different point-of-view...
Simpsons set in Springfield...Oregon :)
Lieberman has a right to bark, and sites have a right to ignore - or not. Maybe a little venom for the cavers?
Gingras: Computational journalism lets us build databases that can be persistent, automated investigative reports
Our friends from Mix 94.1 FM Radio are here until noon. Come say hello and meet Smokey Bear and Woodsy Owl too!
Enjoy a day of sitting around in your PJs doing absolutely nothing. Sometimes a weekend is for nothing more complex than that.
Happy B Day Talli! Enjoy ur day!
evry decision you make moves you closer or further away from your goals!
Just like that the weather got shitty
Any news about Dreamhack Winter groups ? :)
Happy Birthday man!!!
Follow Mi Prima !
amazingly enough, yes. Not that I've ever seen one with signs of use, though.
#lessexcitingbandnames The Basset Hound Gang
follow yah dude we got it in when u was in KC a couple years back
I'm asleep.
Life is short, make the most of it, love.
this started with me requesting that i die by being stabbed to death by good music.
Neighborhood 3 continues tonight and tommorw! More shows next week.
he's okay- I was distracted by the drilling... Mehhh now I'm off to An audition. Yay!
I really hope this isnt going to turn into a fight...
I'd assume 's book on VC would address it, but it's a can of worms if you don't stay involved in the co.
FINALLY GOT MY LAPTOP FIXED
"A recent poll put Facebook’s favorable rating among Americans at 58%, well behind Apple (74%) and Google (82%)" via
Thanks! Please let us know if you have any questions (or feedback). :)
I thought you knew that i was crazy. I let my actions speak loud!
Phone been dead
#StopSDGEPowerlink on March 7! Ask me how.
damn them shits fire! maybe we can collab and chop it up a bit let me know.
is welcomed to Hawaii.
lusty! That might be my new favorite burger description! I'm totally going to squeeze that into my next burger review
...yay I'm #NF (now following) you!! It finally worked lol...btw, welcome to twitter!! :)
Depends on what symbols you want.
Everywhere I go bitches alwayss kno that charlie sheen has got a weiner that he loves to show bitch x)
Never would have thought that I could be excited about a bank but... I'm really looking forward to trying out Simple ().
R.i.p. To all my niggaz smh
": It's a sad world we live in when gets eliminated before Dayana. Welcome to Reality TV!" U are still there?
Lucy's dance studio in DUBLIN Ohio doesn't cancel classes for nat'l or bank holidays, but they do cancel for St. Patty's Day.
Thanks & Code Compliance for removing nearly 3 tons of trash from a meth lab in a Clairemont canyon
just saw your tweet, thanks! I think it went well.
RT: : This is one of those magically beautiful nights in Oklahoma when I can't imagine living anywhere else.
Good luck to Jerry York and #BCHockey in their Frozen Four matchup tomorrow night!
good luck at #SXSW I live in Austin now, but won't be there this year
"Guys just wanna get in every girls pants." "NO SHIT BITCH"
I've added a 10 piece 'extra crispy' to my bucket list
No stress.
sounds good
some call it stalking, i call it a creepy/crazy way of showing affection for 5 boys who don't know i exist. heh. whatevs. :)
Troy Davis will live on as a reminder of our broken justice system.
Congratulations to , the National Capital Radio & Television Museum, Bowie, MD, on yesterday's launch of their new name!
Im finna lose like 10 lbs on that broken jaw diet.
You bite like cigarettes and pickles.
#marian Claire Byrne is excellent. She is devoid of the RTE institutional mindset. Does not speak from both sides of her mouth. More pls.
eeew. what's that odor? is it stinko demaio?
. I did a lot of soul searching, but couldn't bring myself to vote against , in #fakeaccount for
What about subway?:O Got one round the corner from me;) Always singing the subway song (; xx
Just Know I Am Thinking About YOU ! ❤💋❤
TY for the badge!
How would you transcribe the sound of a bow tie spinning around? I'm thinking there should be multiple z's involved. ?
thank you do you wanna do a tinychat now?
Has The Softest # Breasts Ever :) <3 .
I know! "Do the right thing for all" is too much for politics.
He's still in Afghanistan but should be home in november...FINALLY. i emailed you a few photos :)
lmao long time no talk
Dass right!! I'm all treble now in my whip
I'll take your word for it. :)
yesterday and the hair stylists screwed it up so now my hair is 4 inches shorter instead of 2 inches and im freaking pissed
Andruw Jones extended the #yankees lead as he hit a two run shot
Ur supposed to be there to wipe away my tears, not MAKE me cry... Y r boys so obnoxious sometimes!?
honestly? No. but i'm telling you anyway: 50 shades of gray. (there goes my dignity)
#TwitterAfterDark died out?
Gmail is worse. MacMail is where it's at.
Treat yourself to a romantic vacation. All-inclusive resorts, cruises, wedding packages, all at incredible prices. www.FreeXpedia.com
you tell 'em
is a beast!
#Dreaming we live for today not tomorrow
the main character you know it is a remake there is no more originality left in tv these days he played Steve McGarett
Hey , will you be at any more of the #USPro festivals? We're in love with your Peanut Butter & Jelly and Coconut Cream Pie bars!
how do u get pics on twitter...?
Serious question: Why is Twitter so much spammier than Facebook or other social media platforms?
MUST MAKE. Thanks for posting! :)
I do believe you're right. Caveat: ignore direct messages from me, as it appears I've been phished!
Yes we do!! I'll ping you next week when I know how my schedule is to see if you can squeeze me in.
I got you back...your going down Granny!!!lol
NOTHING THESE IDIOTS DO OR SAY MAKES SENSE
The rest of my #50shadesofgrey books came today. Come to mama.
#HidesUnderBed RT : Q5. There are no secrets here! Which Chicago newscaster do YOU have a crush on?
I had my DNA analyzed. It came back with four main components. Bacon, Chocolate, Coffee & Crazy.
hey wats up
And your account got hacked and you sent out spam hahs
Case of bizee brain this morning. Going to attempt channeling it towards chores and making breakfast.
I have no idea what I'm talking about I'm so fucking bored
also in 3 years will be when Back to the Future 2 took place.
when your twitter acts like an R-Tard <
Omg yea I was up there for a bit!! Saw a bunch of ppl I knew Shoulda said hi!
out to go to sleep so i can go to school then football p the wark
awesome. Let me know if you want to write a guest post about your trip. I'd love to feature you/your photos.
You Look Like Ices Brown On Her Period.
On a ! :) #client RT : If you have a #startup and you haven't signed up for s.co and followed then do it
Kirshenblatt-Gimblett: In Eastern Europe, getting access to an archive requires "being nice to archivist, and wine and flowers"
now i feel bad smfh
For those who don't already know (basically everyone), I'll be the State Journal's Mr. Crazylegs on Saturday. Three stories to come.
I will not be silenced by by Will Wheaton!
Dulce de Leche with ANYTHING, Ritz crackers, bananas, toast, flan, or just a big heaping spoonful. Love it
Gary Busey Approves this message!
take a camera and record the movie lol i havent seen it
interesting turn of phrase. Meaning?
Bought time I saw some serious bowl games on the tele... geez!
now i got to get more thing and my car is completely set. thanks god i bought a good car this time
Need breads or dessert for your holiday dinner? Place your special orders for Easter now!
Beautiful day 2 b in Brentwood.We will be at 210 Westwood Place fm 11-130.Seating is available!! Hope 2 see you there and have a blessed day
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they avoid destructive emotions.
damn humane society commercial made me cry
So I don't think anyone understands how much I wanna go to wiz khalifas concert :)
what up
I like the Newt "cost of going through the process" suggestion as well.
AND YOU AND YOU AND YOU YOU'RE GONNA LOVE ME. Totally putting on that soundtrack right now.
hahahahaha omg it is so sick. But actually better quality than I was expecting! Laughing as I'm picturing Tosh's synopsis.
same here!
Miss you too man. Feels like it's been forever.
Back to Seattle late this weekend...
Good Night Twitter world. my week is almost over. I'm ready... don't ask me what for, but I'm ready dammit!
Seattle, I will be in you on Memorial Day weekend (-:
Got a few tweets saying that tonight it looked like the Sox were actually playing baseball. Well put.
Bored this morningg but last night was on point I hadd a great new years in new york city !
o ok well im going to go l8r :)
I WUBBIE HIM!!
I met a old guy named Rudy today!
Why is it Dairy Queen restaurants can't figure out the difference between a malt and a shake? I'd say shake if that's what I wanted. Sheesh!
it all comes natural to a G
Why are shallow people the most likely to complain about how shallow people are?
I agree. SNS diminishes fear of others' & peaks interest in others based on content regardless of color
Just like the Rolling Stones Sticky Fingers album cover I was a little underwhelmed.
looking presentation on differentiated instruction. love the learning styles pie charts! just a great show that nails it!
Keep using per_page on there, just can't use the page parameter :) I'll see if we can make per_page and count are interchangeable.
Okay, who's tired today?
That sure looks like the den of a mad scientist.
Please do. No one listens to me, or consults me on this. They just wanted me to embed it, and it's not embeddable.
Thank you Killington for snowing 2 feet the moment I left. I guess I still have Santa Fe Steak to remember
in my mind he's saying it with an incredulous snarl.
14th #SDCChiHack is TheMIX, an open-source platform to make a personal YouTube video channel curated by your friends
Making vector silhouettes of monuments for a web comic, "Richmond Monuments." Tracing photos with the pen tool makes me nauseous. =(
Define your own success. Create freedom for someone else. Inspire. Educate. Urgently
may I sneak into Tiger Heat in your butthole?
Me at my house : Tweeting Me at school to my friends : Do you know that austin is my man ? Me in my bed : Dreaming of him<3
Come on Cats! Bring home
Sorry I'm not more frequent with the mail. I don't have anyone to tell. You are all I care about. I don't want to know anyone else.
U can hate the spurs or love them, but you must respect them...
i was pissed, i almost punched him in the face
... u so dirty lol
Good Morning San Diego!!! Brrr It's cold out there so come into Hollywood Tans and warm up in one of our tanning booths. Have a great Monday
shoutout to for the early debates. follow them. they're Lakers fans to the heart
at least, the members in my area were shocked and for the most part not in favor of this endorsement.
Reminder, our parade press conference begins in 1hr at ! Mayor Barrett, County Exec Able and Irish dancers will be there!
I'm looking forward to using it.
Williams Island is elegant and serene, featuring many amenities, including 16 tennis courts, 3 restaurants and a 27,000 square foot spa.
Big recommendation for the Larry Crowne movie.
Your Welcome Im Fine You Are So Hot :*
Just walked in on my dog eating bubble gum ......
im nothing special, really i promise.
thnx my dude. I'm humbled
This weekend shouuld be tight!
Lasagna is inherently monstrous.
congratulations!!! 10K to celebrate?
Um... I thought you were in beta already LOL! Thanks for the RT!
For future reference though, I rarely use Twitter. If you have a pressing concern, please email me for an immediate response.
thanks to Nick at Nite a whole generation of us love Davy Jones and the Monkees. Seriously I am so depressed.
Go Team Alex Russo!! I knew she would win!! I'm still sad that WOWP will be no more but good luck with future projects :)
I have just completed my lamest-ever #drawsomething drawing, which is saying something. Isn't practice supposed to improve one's skill?
The Men in Black
feel better!!
I think I'm going to treat myself to a frozen pizza after my test. WHAT
If came to Indianapolis, it would be the best night of my life.
soo melissa's coming over on friday. do my parents know how to properly ground me? #ithinknot bonfire at 10 woo!
Howdy! Long time! Have you moved on from ?
Yeah boy!!!
Road trip to #Julian with Woohoo!
Why did I not bring Hirsch & Spitzer's book with me?
It's a lovely sunny day in #Newark - what is everyone doing this weekend?
iDC WHAT ANYBODY SAYS, I DONT NEED TO MAKE UP FAKE PEOPLE.. SMH ! iF YOU DONT BELIEVE MY LIFE, THEN DON'T BEE MY FRIEND ! THIS GO TO ANYONE!
^_^ Dude! I was just about to @ you! lol
I love those people who follow me even if I hardly ever tweet. PAWS Up!! For being a little monster~~~
#sdmayornp Fletcher: I work with everyone, I am consistent, there's time for new ways to solve our problems.
Thank you so much for the hanger idea for your "Hanger" idea! I am so on board!Thank you to 4 giving the heads up!
Valid point, I guess not...
followed. please follow me back RT follow if i follow you! Please? rs
Opportunity keeps knocking and I'm getting kinda tired of ignoring it.
kmsl. I just said the same thing.
man y does my lil sister piss me of so freakin much it 2 a point 2 where i cant take it any more......aint that sum shizzzz
BULLS showing some fight! FINALLY!!! Way to go Taj!
Just switched to google chrome to solve my dilemma. Just a tip to those also having trouble. There is relief!
Hey Myspace When You Get Chance Plz Stop By THe Page Nd Listen TO Da Tackz.Plz Suppourt 'DA COme Up " Movement.
Forget Love! I would rather fall in chocolate! :P
Why are Albert Pujols Scott Rolen and so many other great players sucking so far this season? Feels like more than usual on the hitting side
google The Mulligan Project, it's my new favorite music... can't even describe the vibe... so chill and dark =)
it's an expression. Look it up.
All my One Tree Hill followers and regular followers follow>>>>
Thx for your RT's last week! We reached our goal & donated $1K to the Hoglund fam. Getting their little boy soon!
Thank you for coming to my party :)
Cool man...see you there..that is my alma mater!
im so happy tomorrows friday but i hate friday cuz of the tests! :(
thank you boo! 😊
you need to bring that baby +pet combo over to this office! we love babies! will be here for another 11 hours.
I <3 you! Lol just thought I'd let you know.
SERIOUSLY! BIRDMAN STOP RAPPING. You suck.end of discussion.
good look bro
Chicago Teachers' Fund: In '99 we were 100% funded. City always only paid around 40%. 60% of ppl in fund make less than $50k. 300 make >100k
Thanks for the review!
I love starting my day arguing on the train about how you can't fit your fat ass in the small space that my ass happens to not be occupying.
I do!
This is so not going to work. He's adamant that it would be impossible to be in a relationship.
That's my point no back up plan and no respect! Jerry Buss never would have allowed Stern to pull that crap!
Just at any time?
Seriously, LeRoy is passé. For a (usually) serious program such as , I’d bet Kodak. (If French’s, I’ll eat a hotdog.)
It absolutely is. Nobody does #MatchDay like EVMS!
EFG is seeking a Marketing/PR person. Submit a resume to . Know someone? Send them this link.
I'm in!! RT To see or not to see -- that shouldn't be the question. Hamlet by is 9/22-10/9. Check vid bit.ly/rlvSFP
ORA ": Oh, you're a single girl with needs? Whore."
[BREAKING] Vidal Sassoon has passed. No, not Gore Vidal. And I know, the pictures look like Barry Goldwater...
#DTLA How many people do you feel visit coffee shops during DTLA Artwlk? We ca place your sleeve ads right in their hands too.
So it's two tweets and out then?
Free sake tonight!!
There's this thing on Twitter I just used. Its called "Reply All" ya nincompoop.
Nice. That's the story of my life already. It would be appropriate.
FUCK U U BITCH!! FUCK U & THE PUSSY & DICK THAT CREATED U! EAT SHIT, DRANK PISS & DIE U HOE! QUIT SENDIN US SPAM SHIT!
When You Love Someone Guide Them In The Right Path #DontLoveWhenItsConvient Love is a strong word be committed to it.
Feeling a liitle stressed? We've got the solution. Great handmade skin products to soothe your skin and your senses. Come check us out.
this sounds so great ! love thrillers and i'm writing one myself. I always wish my fellow writers the best.
Staying up late is less appealing when the sun leaves so early :/
I hope people don say Jordan copied The Best Song Ever because he's had this written for a while.
where have u been, praying for u hope all is well with u and the family... and that you're not pulling out ur hair LOL GBU!
Facebook should change the status question from “What’s on your mind?” to “What’s your problem today?"
The simple act of caring is heroic. - Edward Albert
Bout to get stupid drunk and go to sleep..
lmfao if I was a true fan no but he's not so I understand
Is it melting in DNP yet? Happy #FF!
watchin a live black sabbath video projected on a church. is that ironic?
don't give away my books! I'll be there tomorrow... a huevo. =)
We actually looked into this a few years ago, but at that time, they couldn’t handle a conference of our size.
Lakers lost tonite... Its not the end of the series so calm dwn haters!
Happy Birthday!!!
Participants are about to present. Having so much fun at #ckiICON!
National Portrait Gallery | Face to Face blog: Conserving Civil War ...
Why don't websites or news websites ever cite the original research? So frustrating.
Thanks Momma!
I think I found the secret to instant weight loss, I've TN since 8/1 rode my bike for the last 2 days and drop 7lbs. Humidity is the secert
Thank you!! You are great!!
#SinceImBeingHonest I am going to miss some people around here.
please i love you follow me ♥
I just watched Ghosts of Machu Picchu on Netflix. Amazing. It was the Emperor's estate.
Where you going punk.......hmu
Seeing my family have it all took the place of that desire for diplomas on the wall
S/O to all the nigga buying oz of weed and swear he swanning!!
