who's defending TCU in the BE? Not I
#UPS you are really one of the worst companies I have had the displeasure of dealing with.
Who's ready for today's FREE download!? #HonorSystem www.honorsocietymusic.com
Networking party...Thur. March 3 @ Legends 6 W 33rd St.@ 8PM Dance, drink and NETWORK! EVERYONE who is anyone will be there.So you should be
Congrats on the new addition!
At the concert with :D
Playing with my new HTC Jetstream. Enjoying it so far.
What is your TOP priority in life?
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im throwing a party like PROJECT X ; )
Making caramels. Almost forgot how 2 make them...it's been about a year. They sure smell yummy! :)
where do you live?
Heading up to today for Timucuan Science Committee Kick-off Meeting! Any #archaeology research projects you'd like considered?
We bout to set this place on fire
i need some fun date suggestions for this weekend...any ideas?
We're glad you stopped by the office! RT Great weekend in Cville, but its time to head back to
I'll help you with one:
disneyland. Did not think it was gonna b this cool!
Boarding flight to Vegas
Hm. Can't say that I've ever seen Shawn Michaels wrestle The Rock or John Cena. Nothing comes to mind.
"Hey, it's a famous person's obituary! I'm going to click 'LIKE'!" There are some odd people on Facebook.
"In #procurement, while many report up to finance, there's no single organizational structure." - at
Nice to meet Rhett Damon of HomeFinder.com at
Consult with your brain, but listen to your heart.
I'm really unwell. Please make me smile by clicking my follow button.. Please Austin♥ 0
Damn I don't want to wake up early for meetings.
lmao well damn
Got it, thanks!!
I wil love to work with you. you are indeed one the most talented tv producers out there!
Maybe for a weekend. RT RT : $1 million won't get you a private plane or a dolphin pool. LIES.
yo call me..if u can have harlem on three way...
Why do you think that so many criminals get indeterminate sentences? (e.g. 25 to life)
happy birthday! have a great time with ur loved ones! i wish u the best! i love u so much!<3
Got hooked realizing basso continuo for Bach Fl. sonata in E minor BWV 1034 AMAZING first movt! Drove me nuts but I think I have it!
I love you ky -sammy
Starting a Monday with & Some Beach. Again? Yes, again!
Being Super Cute!!! Kawaii!!!
So I think Adam Sandler is here in the restaurant I'm in
"caught in a mosh!"
you're very welcome!:D-Kelly xoxoxo
where in the world is sexy little laci? out on the town spending your $! but i'll be home soon.... wanna show a rich bitch who's boss, baby?
I finished the first one last night. It actually wasn't that hard to review it! I'm gonna knock out the other 2 tonight.
Rap or rock
you are perfect in every way and i just want to marry you a lot. and i thought you should know.
Do you have any recommended musical iPhone apps?
just did.
My thoughts are with the people of Japan today. Let's hope the worst is behind them, not in front.
so tomorrow i have to get up super early to pack because im to lazy to do it tonight my flight leaves in the morning to FLORIDA yay !
If your boyfriend/girlfriend sings along passionately to All American Rejects , "Gives You Hell", they are def not over their ex. Get out
Thanks! Nice to see you too. Hope I remember how to assemble paragraphs. ;)
#julia just look out for that GOP probe up your VJJ if you play too much one nite and get pregnant.
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ? 3
Giddy w/ nervousness. Car shopping 2morrow. 1st time buying a car in 14 yrs. Guess what I might get? Kia Optima Hybrid!
Happy Birthday ❕❕❕hope you had a blessed one!!! :-)
how so?
Wow is going to make everyone almost die! Man I need more tissue!
Helluva lot more than titular changes!! State budgets are much larger than municipal ones. Also bigger govt. w/ more powers.
thanks 4 the follow. Hope u Had a good time at Harbor House tonight!
Classroom and Self-taught.
oh damn we close
Im going to miss my mom , She's gone to Tenessee for two weeks 😥
I believe in Kiall. ITS REAL.
wat he say?
Fuck all my exes
Just had the best laugh I've had in a long time, I'm crying it's too funny!
nice free throw shooting there at the end.
that would be too easy. Just move to DC and marry me. Much easier ;)
haha hurry up and get on the iphone flow
I don't know what everyone's doing but I'm gonna #Fringe till I drop!
i think its lana del ray?! But im not positive!:)
Grab yourself a 4th meal from T-Bell and get ready for some Mariner Baseball @ 3am! OPENING DAY IS HERE!
Governor Schaefer also brought that same comedy to BlueRock in the past. He will be missed by us all.
The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living
We have $2 sliders till close tonight. Fill it with any meat, any sauce, any toppings. (except brisket)
You sound like a poet. Keep it going. Im interested
My mom likes to make fun of my while I jam to music.
These acoustic song for friday sound great!
Those butterflies in your stomach when you see/talk to a cute girl. (:
Hello to our new followers! Stay tuned for our two-month update tomorrow and Teacher Training updates. Namaste' dreams.
"Can’t deny that I want you, but I'll lie if I have to..."
Are you or do you represent a small business with localized services? Go to getlisted.org and see if you're listed for your product/service
lol! that would definitely give me more cred with my husband ;)
Just Home!!! Bed! Laying Down... Using Laptop! (:
Now go out and win the last match at least...
I'd catcall that.
I Finally watched #ProjectX !! It was all about time :D
In CHI today and tomorrow with a couple time slots still open. Any takers?
RT We're proud to join , & in endorsing for re-election.
I love it!!!! Thank you...that's one of my favs ;)
Looking for an IT sales person that knows Cloud information in the DFW area. Email us at:
U & your drama gf keep all that mess away from me. For once I'm finally happy. 
you didn't tweet me Happy Birthday yesterday, so maybe you'll tweet me Happy late Birthday today.(;
The difference between your mind and your heart is that your mind tells you what your going to do anyway.
in case you were wondering, the Thai place right by the hotel is adequate but not great.
Are motorized carts still just for handicapped people cuz all I see in them now is fat women who look too lazy to walk around
get over it
A lone wolf in a world of thieves. We r all trying 2 catch a sheep, get some sleep or catch some Z's.
Let us know! RT putting together a series of classes - any requests? please don't hesitate, would love input
Milwaukee's Daily Magazine for Saturday, April 28, 2012 - Breaking News - San Francisco Luxury News
well duh we'll follow you back! We ❤ you! Thanks for helping spread the word about us. YOU are awesome!
watching some show about tattooing but there are like 6 people competing for a $100,000.00
Depends...are you gonna get charged for texting? Lol.
How come I never get sick in NYC but I come home to Texas and inevitably come down with something? #ifeellikecrap :/
Great so far, Scott! Thanks for asking. And how's yours? Congrats on your exciting move!
Watch me host the Escondido Jaycee's Christmas Parade! Today on local channel 19 at 4 pm!
Let's go Bucs, my raising arm is getting restless.
Thank you!
Turn your swagger UP if you wanna be my boyfriend♥ -
I'm going to name my future Shiba Inu Musubi after Spam Musubi.
How many directions are you being pulled in?
Chumley's first then walked to my first trip to Hunter's. First of many. Not funny looking. Spaz.
Temp outside is 13C & with windows open in house, it is 18C inside (thankfully)! Unusual conditions call for drastic measures.
CALL ME MAYBE!
You're here when I don't need you, but when I need you, that you're not here.
but you know it has to do with the Yankees, so it's a loss! Sad but true! :-(
well it should be on the show! so many #portlandia segments could be done just featuring real portlanders and events etc.
Evocative art suggested for the bridge b/t East Dallas & the Arts District....the creator's name....Blessing Hancock haha. Hm, I wonder....
#debt free by the new year, 2012
Every person in this bar went to my highschool. Reunion time.
Check me out on 88.3 fm reading the LA Times for the vision impaired today at 4pm!
Day three of vacation. Husband-check. Great location-check. Luggage-still MIA. Thank you UA!
Tell me you don't think of the movie Airplane! when you hear anything about the white zone on the overhead speakers...
The Immaculate Reception. The Catch. The Music City Miracle. And now, The Squat.
yo red you should have that translation available as a ring tone. People won't know how to react when they hear it. Prolly sell 2.
RT and win - Mom's rules: eat your vegetables, they are good for you! Happy
Check out the new arvR "Heavy Hitters" design coming out in a few days! its up on our myspace.com/pletelyuniquethreads and on my facebook
am not a biever fan just to let yall now :)
Tonight on Nepotism Wars! Will Smith & Jaden Vs. Tim Burton & Helena Bonham Carter. Losing team can never work together again!
thanks for the follow! i look forward to seeing some cool social media tips from you guys.
Believe everything you hear.
ASA guys. Can you help me find #Muslim owned businesses or Muslim #Entrepreneurs on twitter? JZ #Allah K
You should be asleep,.... yes you!
did he shave off his losing streak goatee, then?
Thanks for the follow!
#happyhalloween trick-or-treaters coming to your door saying "#dontlebronme"
Boutta slap the ACT with a 30 and get home to play some baseball.
Man, I have a taste for a Chicago's Italian Beef w/ hot peppers, dipped! Maybe even a Kosher hot dog with EVERYTHANG!
I have two Twitter accounts if that's what you are asking....
Running around got a lot of shit done
Excellent. I had a HH planned for Wednesday at already! cc:
oh hi sowwy my phones a jerk! And didnt tshow ur msg till now! Whts up, babe :3
Economic growth measurements are not inclusive, benefit the 1% - Alec Ross
You know you're not at #cildc when you get picked on for tweeting a session. :-)
As #stamps? No! Specific cases may be interesting (in some context), and overall they're an interesting bit of postal history.
does his best work on this #sytycd episode..
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
At mcdonadls gettin food(: yumm then back on the road.
: CNN calls Ohio for Romney
“: S/O to my followers i love you :-)”and we love you back
Join us for a Hawaiian Luau tomorrow night. 6:30
...my favorite song by Donna Summer, and it'll always be, "This Time I Know It's For Real." Was thinking about that song last night.
tell kj call me
Yes I am
I love the fearlessness of Thank you for illuminating so many voices that have been silenced in this nation!
Second day in a row LinkIn had something useful to me. What gives?
Another rainy Monday 💦💙👍
That part I understand. But your Twitter account seems to mostly talk to itself? It would be helpful to understand why you +
It appears Denver mattress recycling is going to work & create jobs for people rebuilding lives from addiction, homelessness & prison.
i am feeling positive.
how old will alli b on the 28th???
Indiana ain't no easy team to beat. So y'all might as well stop sayin that.
Lol its YOUR personal opinion so whatever, I find it very fucking hilarious RT!!": nope."
thanks for the heads up. sorry you wasted all that time!
I am going out to park and have a blast
We gotta make him get on so we can play. >>
follow some talented ladies who do accessories
Though top skills is nice, you shouldnt have to mouse over to see what level it is, and I can't find people's full skill listing.
just heard the news dave, congrats bro, you had a huge part in this! Good job brother!
Definitely going to be a homework weekend...woo.
A Qdoba worker has "615" tattooed on his arm #whatifyoumove?
So many people have been inside Virgin Airlines' planes I'm not sure who they think they're fooling with a name like that
yay thank you for following me <3
LeBron should have had that ball
NEW! Limited-Edition* Mary Kay® Liquid Eyeliner all-day color. Draw thin or thicker, bolder lines. Rich purple shade. Dries in seconds
Can't help you there, I'm afraid. Nothing turned up in an Amazon search.
I think I'm dying...
-- having a feel good moment via the lulzsec -- seems like the only real justice lately is fleeting and virtual
YaYtks keep writing dreams
Faux Show opens Friday! Don't miss this one; choice works of art that play with perceptions. riverwestartistassociation.blogspot.com/
Yeah Im a Mahomie. But Im also a Psanderette, Belieber, and Directioner.
Feel empty ...
So im home from the hospital now, all in all it was a good night, however i am now back home nose deep in studying.
Some dumbo vandalized my school..
Sounds so delicious! RT : yes! Baked fish in banana leaf, red chilli, lemongrass and onion
#yaworkinhard keep it up..
Ok fellas, the dm's are getting a litte out control,got a band-aid on standby,this little finger bout to go to work on the block button lol
'Mommies Becoming Hotties'... Have a few extra pounds? Want to be a hottie and fast? Ask me how!
Peace Love and No Nuts now accepts credit, debit, pre-paid or gift cards with a Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover logo.
Breakfast burritos
Catch me with Neutrino! at The Lab stage at the Improv, 8:30, $5! 8162 Melrose in Hollywood!
book me bitch
My Grandma is getting stronger! She walked to rehab today and she talked on the phone! Though she still has a long way to go!
": It's not about the people who we've known the longest. It's about who came and never left."
Happy Mother's Day! With my mom and seeing Grandma tonight - I'm so thankful for them, and so thankful to be a mom - love you kiddos!
that's literally like 2 blocks from my job. I'm gonna have to go peep that
Will you speak to me in secret to ward away my fears, fight off all my demons, and wipe away my tears?
Ugh he needa answer the door...its too hot!
take a break if you need to, is understand!
Yea its gonna be a good series I agree. We are very evenally matched. U guys can score just as much as we can
yessir tonight what's the move!!!?
I agree! When. Where. What time? Lmfao.
Oh sorry my app is kinda screwy sometimes, thought I did.
I hate the DMV. Why have 11 counters and only three people working them?
we live Co hosting tune in www.radiosupa.com lets go!!!!!
I'm what the spaniards call el terrible.
rock on :D
"A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down" Arnold H. Glasow
I miss you
😡😡😡😡😡 frustrated drs ain't tellin me shit my wife is not gettin better I feel helpless don't know what to do
Volunteers tackle home-improvement projects in Stamford, Greenwich - Greenwich Time
The intricacies of language... It's interesting that the words 'social' and 'SoCal' are linked by the letter/word 'i'.
Oh how i adore #actionScript :)
Oh im sorry I Thought i remember hearing that name somewhere and i dont go on the computer much cuz of my folks so ya :(
That's so awesome! And a great idea.
Today I was expected to wait one-half hour without a call or note from a Dept Head during a tornado watch. Manners
when will you be in bucktown?
do you happen to be working on anything with cam groves soon? I loved WSIA 1 and 2
Damn didn't want to see dat
Got soaked by Shamu! Freezing my buns off!
how is the raise "arbitrary"
i cant wait to see her face when she finds this out. #sneaky baster
That something is the All Star break. Some teams already went oon vacation.
#Rockies Helton up, bases loaded vs. Hudson. Helton hitting .667 against him.
Just found my phone in the refrigerator.
Kinda like becoming employee of the month…that is, you're a winner and a loser at the same time.
well just keep doing your thing man. And you'll be okay
So excited about what and I have coming up with :) community work never stop and we love doing it!
Girlfriend tried to strangle me in her sleep today. #SubconsciousTryingToSaySomething? #TimeForANewGF?
Is it weird if y'all are going out then u spill out ur whole heart to him about y u like him then he doesn't text back?!?! :(
I'm so glad for #Cougartown but 1 small request and could you PLEASE use Barb more than one ep next season?
But if they talk about how they are looking for a new aud or new way of doing things for this production, we listen.
I don't understand the question... RT is it weird that my dads mexican and he watches the history channel? lol
I'm going to bed. Goodnight <3
I wonder what would look like tan.
I never get the recommended 8 hours of sleep.
haven't met with good old Jack in a while. I Put away 2 walk me downs at OTB last night though! Lol
Just shaved my beard off in honor of the #NHLPlayoffs, which start tomorrow. Let the playoff beard begin. Go #Flyers!
There's a corsage and everything RT : Are you still waiting to be asked to prom? One lucky reader should look through tom. T-H
Planetary is what got me into comics in the first place-- wonderful stuff.
nm. Have a band Concert tonight
Its the new NBA smfh over and over again RT : Flop, flop, and more flops.
Totally digging this idea!
I know--this unquestion(mark)ably defies all exclamation.
If I gave you 1million$$ every day since the birth of Christ, it still would not equal ½ of Obama’s deficit spending this year?
Hey now hi how you doing
Tune into Garland Robinette's show on WWL tomorrow at 12:30 for Lela Cloud convo on juicing and Intelligent Cleansing.
Oh how I wish there was an iPad app that allowed for real money
i used iWeb for mine. simple and basic, but it worked.
"You sacrifice everything for them and they sacrifice you for everything" .
Good morning! :)
Ladies Love Champagne | Join us tonight | Ladies text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 for Open Champagne Bar |
Proud of you guys man! Way to punch that ball out 94!!! #JetsNation is on to the next one...RT?!?
why i had an eli jersey in 05 but good one
We have been working through a whole series at my church on worship.. if you want the podcasts for material :)
One Direction > Big Time Rush.
A good way to scare Jeana would be to watch this show called infested!
Thank you so much for offering the live 'casts. It's deeply appreciated and wonderful, valuable info.
Templates 101 was super useful. Check out their great Libguide.
How do you know when the stage is level ? The drummer is drooling out of both sides of his mouth
Going to Drake on Wednesday!!!! #Can'tWait
plz follow me
What's a #Girlcode - - >>> do they still even exist?
The most imminent threat to US Natl Security is attack by #Switzerland b/c of Michelle Bachmann's newly declared citizenshp.
we should do a #bcft there. So I can see 's
& We are thrilled to work w/ you. & is very excited!
omg same here! my mom always laughs when some one says it and i'm like wtf!!??
We offer Nimbus toothbrushes to our patients which have softer bristles designed to reach into critical areas and remove plaque
I was just thinking ...
basketball games should be played in basketball arenas. We get enough football stadiums during the tourney.
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your San Diego historic news!
9:30pm is a totally appropriate time to start making baked mac&cheese, right?
I could see that coming from you haha.
keep it Bay pimp!
impromptu lunch with c-lo. i love it!
A cappella group Voices just took the stage
I will not play damsel in distress just so u can feel oh so big and oh so mighty
: For the #deficit & personal liberty, please support HR 2366, GOP Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act!
Don't forget what I said, I got your back till the end.
posting good stuff as usual.
RT to the P!.. or can't you tell I don't usually tweet via iPhone.
Perrin played at Louisville. Of course he hasn't touched a championship trophy. #BS'ing
Community is the response we've been created for. Expand yours at Foster Indy Mart.
We want to hear from you! What are you looking for on a vacation? Any answer is valid! Don't be shy.
A disappearing middle class
#AGREED RT : Rip in the flow tonight
thanks,will check it out:)
cock blockin' asses!
#ThankYou You guys were so much fun!!
Hey Shireen!!!!! Very long time no tweet!!!!
how do I get my Spotify to stop playing Spanish and Finnish music? I only want English.
In what seemed to be feces
Hey Koena, are you still going to be able to make it to our Bollywood America festival? Let us know and we can get in contact :)
So ready for tomorrow, hopefully a lot better than today
I do not feel like doing this review...
Surprised that my supervisor didn't seem to know that 3 is to 4 as trilogy is to tetralogy. Is it really that rare a word? ^^;;;
So close to 1,000 AEDs submitted! Help us get there by submitting your AEDs today...and they maybe worth $50...
lol i aint doing nun yet
Biggest drop in the #NFLTop100 ? Looks like it will be Antonio Gates who was 22nd last year and won't make the 100 this year
#Bulls 5/1 Playoff Tickets #giveaway via RT & follow them by 4p to
It's a scary moment when you're about to stand up after you've been laying out and you forget you untied the back.
How does Kwame Brown sign for $7 mill? How does Kwame Brown sign for $7 mill? How does Kwame Brown sign for $7 mill? How does Kwame Brow...
Enjoy! RT “: Got my card in the mail today! Can't wait to drive one of those little things around!”
Are you a content consumer or creator?
So Sick about dropping my iPhone in a sink full of water yesterday....I feel like my life is on pause without that phone smh
OH: I don't give a fuck about being famous, I just need to tell people they're wrong.
"The collar is his only baggage, &is a queer one. It is hung with about 20 checks, that the many persons whom he has visited have given him"
Today is a good day to have a good day!
Lots of awesome people in the Drupal Precon!
Sometimes I wish I was a child again so that it would be socially acceptable to watch that many cartoons again.
Thanks to for 14 years of dedication to the Colts, Indy, and the fans!
have brunch it's like lunch and breakfast lol
TEXT-Fitch say higher provisions for Spanish banks to spark new mergers
good seeing you captain john. see you round chitown soon.
Our phones fall,we panic.our friends fall,we laugh :)
It's Saturday morning. Shout ou t my SDA fam. Don't eat too much of that Sabbath dinner after church, today.
Major buffer paradigm shift in progress. Refactoring rules! :)
Kenny Smith saying 'GASALLE' it's GA-SAUL' and he's a 7-footer not 6'10". Come on now.
how are u?
I hat how places only ask for the ABDC ICONic Biyz to perform. They are all amazing! It is not fair...
Unknown~ The only bad thing about keeping on burning your bridges Behind you is that the world is round..
Sorry if I looked interested. I'm not.
I will! Please become a fan too!
Karma's a bitch
Yes because texting requires you to focus on something other than driving ....but I rarely try to FOCUS on my drunkenness
surprised to find it was a Victorian sin "to violate a leek" but then realized i was parsing a trans. of Juvenal re: the Cannibals.
Mix'n mingle with fellow EMPs this Friday at "Block by Block" hosted by the de Young. Tickets are just $10. RSVP to
Things We Saw Today: Batman Goatee Guy - The Mary Sue
Just signed up to try n these tickets. Lord please please let me win. We will c at 12. Hujhh. I will take off of work
FOLLOW 4 FOLLOW?
rumors of Chip Kelly to Tampa Bay are circling. Any insights on these rumors?
I miss my baby but what else is new.
I follow you :)
This summers going to be the shit.
ill stick with parachute pants... jk...
The Machine is amazing, isn't it? I saw them in S'Cruz and they absolutely killed. Good to see you have good musical taste ;-)
Master and Servant
I got it!!! thank you very much!!!
Back to Florida for a few more weeks of relaxation. Ah.
#ItsHardTo forget someone that gave you so much to remember.
RT : congrats 2 on receiving the Lincoln Gaines Award from U do gr8 work in our community!...
Dnt have to break up a happy or unhappy home cs I can find my own & have any man I wnt :)
got admitted to SDSU - Masters in City Planning
You wanna know something I like.... Ur face(;
and - Please add each other. has a question for you, Thanks!
Whatever happens, happens for a reason. (via: )
UHG - Need to see it! Have been wanting to see it forever now!
I LIKE ET
you have such a sexy tush! ;P
Yea, realized they actually just stole my wallet.
The door of opportunity won't open unless you do some pushing.
Love being mildly sick on a gorgeous saturday
You're welcome! Wish I could type faster!
I'm about to start charging for all the inquiries I'm getting...
Glad to follow other Real Estate folks. :-)
That was literally the first thing I told my sister & my niece's mom. They just stared at me & then laughed for 5 minutes.
kendrak: I see both sides. Didn't become a librarian to work with books. I also think InfoPro or the like is a buzzword and dated. #slan ...
Now playing nsync "bye bye bye"!!
so ready for spring break..
Been jammin' to this rough cut of White Buffalo for a solid 24 hours. Love those guitar riffs!
M I can smell my brownies :D
Ready to work with the Great! Holla at me!
Happy Birthday!
After nearly 40 years as a driving force in radio, Cox Media Group Miami VP Market Mgr Jerry Rushin announced plans to retire in July
RT : Got questions? Text SCPL to 66746 to ask a Librarian Try it's easy!
and thank you for the follow.
Shermageddon commute getting worse every day. I'm struggling to maintain sanity.
Gonna be a good day!!! This is God's day. 💛
Yes - thanks to all for another inspiring #edchat - hope to see everyone same time, next week.
Just got mistaken for a member of Portugal the Man by two teens who were freaking out till I smashed their dreams with a "no I'm not."
#TeamLNC Is NOT Just 4 Lesbians We Are Here For Any Sexuality OR Race So Stay Tuned Rather Your Gay Straight / Black OR White Tune In
you were going 50 in a 25 and I was trying to drink a mimosa w/no lid.
thanks for the support!
I think that was what they call "The big inning."
'If you don't stop talking now I'll spit in your drink' 'i don't have a drink' 'i'll get you a drink, and spit in it' #Friendship haha :)
Thanks for the follow Tammy. Great to be connected!
Look closely at my avatar and you'll see a little trademark of & .....
"so fly like a TRS 80" never quite cut it
You are not alone. You are loved. You are cherished.
that is a lot of Hal in 1 URL.
Docs detail rowing recruit&#39;s claim against Iowa
Surprisingly, students really enjoy character narratives. (Even in essay form!)
Hey Amy! How have you been?
I've been pondering what to do for months, actually. Never connected that you were the founder of Unconsumption as well. yay!
- Harry styles
You act like them chicks on that show, Bad Girls.
what store did u get yours from in the A?
Whoa I take that back
It is not worth an intelligent man's time to be in the majority
Good job !
dude i just went 110mph on the highway near my place lol
Welcome my wife to Twitter!
AT&T sucks for the iPhone ... Verizon is where it's at.
I'm Finna listen to my music and try to go to sleep
Voluteering is quite a learning experience about human behavior. Tonite at I saw lots of quirky, funny, scary and fun examples.
i miss you too , i am here for u :)
I know you are my #realFR :*
is one of the best relationships I have made post high school
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world
too sweet! Thanks.
Johns Hopkins playing Army on EspnU right now.
Spring Awakening was amazing. Props SFSU, mad props. "I Don't Do Sadness" hit hard, thanks a bunch for the emotion
I know all the songs in this movie
I fink I've died an' gone to 'eaven!
ready to give up on moneywell because i don't want to pay to upgrade something that may or may not work for me. want badly.
Little girl reading the Poetry Booth "It says W, R...I..TOO MANY WORDS!" Mom -"It says Writers & Books. That's the name of this building"
Of course I also love in addition to our Mr. Fassbender #foodallergytwin. Thanks for the heads up. <3
play me= loss
Still seeking two volunteers to help with POL state finals tomorrow from 10:15-12:30 at the Lyric in OKC. DM if you are interested by noon.
I was down in Fredonia with Graham Josh and Pat
Look at the moon tonight everyone. It's gonna be a beautiful super moon, that is if you don't live any near the tar sands.
Congrats on the Spirit Awards nomination. Well deserved!
Lol, she just called me the "boy next door"
Tom May knows how to handle the wires.
I like that boulder. That is a nice boulder.
I think I got Jimmie Johsnon as my A driver
Create your own destiny ... Happy Monday Everyone :)
hey there. I was wondering why I didn't see you Saturday. I'll make sure the person in charge has u on the list!
A systemic problem with preclinical research? Maybe. Maybe not. - ScienceBlogs (blog)
Ok so its march and it's snowing?? World is about to end
Ill have a MochaVodkaValium latte please
I emailed over a week ago; finally heard back yesterday; basically: "we have no way to track; you should have it next week"
“: Keep tweeting about your drama as if people don't hate you already enough #really #itsentertaining”
Quit sweating with your cat in your face! Or shave, either one works.
Today on , I'll be playing and everyone's fave et al!
We are blushing! Just out of a business networking meet, several attendees raving about EcoClean, our quality, the difference. THANK YOU!
and love, and dance again
what you mean
there is no charge for normal use of the platform. :)
Great stuff today from Attention takes fraction of a second, interest happens in 1-2 seconds. Wow. That's fast.
Happy 75th birthday, ! You make my life infinitely richer. May you be showered with diamonds, or at least adequate funding.
if everybody boss, then who really workin-really tho
that would be me :)
If you'd like to speak at your high school assembly, talk to your advisor/principal and have them call us! (414) 273-4670
no clue either. Im just staying in. Tomorrow is going to be a long day
More opportunities to get signatures! Come to to sign the petition to label GMOs!
iFunia Video Converter for Mac Adds 1080P Support for New iPad
Man, did it again...I AM sleepy this morning. Another TYPO that was Force Be With You not Forece... can you say "proof read?"
I went 18 years without skipping breakfast and now at Purdue I've done it a few time and everytime I end up feeling horrible.
Hoping my good friend finds his dog...
thanks for the RT. you rock!
Lol I guess SOME girls ;) RT : ...chicks claim they won't give him the time of day but $50 million make a girl do strange 'ish
Excellent! Thank you for participating Kadie!
do you know what's filming?
youre still silly... I mean ill admit i am :o
how are you feeling?
go looki at my background on twitter Those pics, would u please be able to put all those photos from that day on <3 xoxoxo
should of brought your ass to OU this weekend
Great job to the crew on the outdoor MANDIE II shoot when the rain hit. Like a well oiled machine, everyone protected all equipment. Woot!
how many meme stars don't know they're stars?
of course on mute whenever he broadcasts
Not all great things come in big boxes. Maybe choosing the smaller package will be the greatest thing in the world <3
Headed to lifetime to shoot hoops.
Last night I slept on a dormitory floor in NY state beneath a rabbit fur coat belonging to someone from Orange County
LADIES EARN $ EROTIC CHALLENGE for details call 310-806-2123www.theeroticchallenge.com
at restaurant rush's hemispheres started, a thirty min song to peel shrimp by. i feel Geddy all over.
wow. Lol. That's gonna be an epic trip man.
my head kills! Why cant I just sleep?!
Well ATL did play hard and good defense. But Doc knows his team so that to me meant he knew they were gassed
things that will be awesome soon: watching and do battle.
I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than attempting to satisfy them.
Most people have to look good to have friends.
yes It would!
Hey baby come to la or nyc I have plenty of work for you but are you dtf ?
OMG. i want in the poland.
This shits so up & down..
Tired, of all the bull.
So. Who else is sitting in the dark thanks to the wind...
headaches suck:(
Huge weekend for LA Museums - lots of free admission; Matthew Marks is also open now & PST shows continue (several closing soon though!)
Come out to the britton pub for some code22 action....
Working til close Wed - Saturday, then opening brunch, come see me for a Tweet deal on HH apps and bottomless Mimosas!
Just spoke with my favorite SEAL on the phone for the first time in 4 months! Can't wait ill he comes home safely for good. :)
Keep calm and carry a drink.
Listening to say AOL was about connecting people. I can see that but TW turned them into a media company.
Remember, the Thunder are rested. Lakers still fatigue. Will be a different scenario after the Lakers rest.
I did the wave.
Without passion for game testing this may be a problem
bwaahahahaaa. I thought abt it for a quick second
#FF #thx4following - have a great #weekend!
I've missed you too :0)
Well I'm wearing boots so it is only my knees that are exposed...gotta dress to impress in the library.
RT : RT : BOGO 45% off MEN & WOMENS jeans at in Deal runs through Sun! Code "Time Bomb"
....its hot as balls. my pool needs open ASAP.
Left music vid rehearsal & now Im in the delivery room babies almost here. Im pumped. And so glad I didn't miss it.
AWEsome! save me one
Thanks, I was a bit shocked, but grade distributions might be public domain information. Still weird.
Welcome to the life on Danielle... Please pay admission up front. Sit back no recording and enjoy the show.
o lol i have a school thing at like laterish? i hope sum1 knows when lol cuz idk
It's frightening that an event bidding on men to support missions has a better turn out then a discussion addressing sexual assault and rape
Hi Brandon! We emailed you about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback! Thanks
My wife's mock trial team going for state championship repeat right now.
ha. they didn't think this one through very well.
If u missed us today...@ a minimum were doing LuncH 10am to 2pm 7 days a week @ Lees W Lake Mead...count on that unless we post otherwise..
Our subconsciousnesses can be eerily connected. I've correctly predicted the sex of friends' babies they hadn't found out yet.
I ordered a Raderberger Pilsner and my buddy say..."I thought you said you weren't eating!" LOL
For some of us, our iPods with the right music mixes are really time machines with a built-in fountain of youth
Share our page with your friends and family - everyone can follow there favorite food trucks here!
LOVE the new collection! Gorgeous, as always.
"I was about to say I wish I lived here" "you do live here" "yeah" "I guess you like the new garden" "yeah"
Mopar is quickly gonna become my Challenger's best friend!
can say what he wants,Durant is shying away due to the physical game,Westbrook is relishing it
Keep running. Long run tomorrow. Signed another new client this week. Running, working, being there!
Chilis! With and
oldest daughter went to first prom last night, very exciting...today girls are papercrafting may day gifts...now off to deliver!
what is ff I reckon something to do with Friday?
Celebrate 3OH3 today!
feeling lucky we had you to help! xo RT Have you had a chance to check out yet? Feeling lucky I got to help!
Whatever it is, it's not over yet.
Anthony Davis selected as finalist for Olympic team. In other news, Kyle Kuric selected as backup for First Baptist Church men's league
you will recover all your friends with time and yes you are still my wifey :D
Doc appts suck! Y do they keep us waiting and waiting??!? Ugh
Yes I finish rocking out to Boston's 'More than a Feeling,' before I turn my car off.
Newseum - great place to see front pages around the world - multiple languages. See reaction to major world events like those in Libya
the only way you can annoy us is if you don't win!!!!!
you gotta finish lmao
Ready to rage again? Okay.
the COLTS man
The Signature L features a six inch longer wheelbase for increased rear seat legroom
good morning
So expensive. It would be lovely if wonderful events like this were accessible to more people.
tomorrow is my first day of summer AND your birthday.. Quite possibly the best day ever????
remember you can quietly follow by subscribing to their RSS feed, but I say listening is great. I wish the Right would do it more
For every action made in haste one must decide if that act was only WASTE.
my wife an I are still thinking about you. I have the open qual on Thursday and will be thinking about u. Keep it up!
Just finished my last final & now heading home for the summer
what?!?!? delete every 4th email?
While hanging out with Chad today, I played him songs on guitar. What makes him great is that he puts up with me.
i h8 dat...i got blue eyeline all ovr my counter once -.-
Hungry again😳
Cotto's son's hair is giving me life.
yay!!! You have been missed !! <3
Good grief santana needs to work on that arm again...and fyi manning that was a-cab not kipnis pretending he had the ball
How to embed a YouTube video into OpenScholar: Turn off Rich text formatting +use the old YouTube embed code(object not the iframes code).
That I understand!
A few users have been asking if we're going to update our chat application in v2.0. The answer is YES!
is almost at 1500 followers! Help by RTing ~ #1500 will win a prize & inside LATW scoop on celeb actors, discounts, &more!
someone has been here before.. a long time ago, and recently (and now)
Cartoon? RT , and will guest on tonight's show talk UKBB schedules, recruiting, nonsense.
108, and he's only topped out at 118 this season.
Change your description right now! Meghan will not like to hear about that! #inappropriate!
Little bro just wiped his ass with icy hot
I missed u!!
what have you been up to lately bro
Quick, Duquette, trade Gregg now while his value is at its peak
I hate watching news storys. Theyre all sad as shit.
I know seriously!! And then during the week they have to clean up all the damage!!!
Wow, what a double play by the #Cubs. Starlin's turn was as impressive as DeWitt's stop.
typical creative. that's the blessing and the curse in one inconvenient package.
of course we do...
Calling all young #PR pros! is looking for volunteers for the #communications committee. Interested? Msg or DM us!
having a beer and watching the NHL Hockey AllStart Skill Challenge with the kids....Great time all around
Website usability. The info isn't bad; it's just old and indicates lack of attention.
its over already? Weak.
Now I wish I woulda bought a fif
You deserve it after all the long hours you've been pullin'. Drink up!
Disembowling and drawn and quartered, read up on these techniques because body modification man deserves this kind of suffering at the hands
TGIT everyone! looking forward to the veteran's day weekend and some great l.a. rain shots. have a great day :)
Its who i am; your approval isnt fucking needed
I love some brandy
Hey, the girl isn't screaming. That's right: I trade frosties for peace. So what! (cheaper than aba)
Happy Valentine's Day to Everyone!
Don't give up, ever.
Follow me :)
Did you know that Baruch is one of America's Top 3 colleges for ethnic diversity?
I'm just a total curmudgeon about "20-somethings finding themselves in NYC" type stories.
No problem ^.^
Take a little, give a lot.
knew I could count on you
r they both younger????
Cat: Meow … Me: Meow? Cat: Meow meow … Me: Oh my lord, I speak cat.
Two cups of coffee and a mountain dew before noon. New record!
lol how about you go get me like 4 tacos, large curly fries and a sourdough jack and medium dr. Pepper.
Up for anything.. or is that down for nothing
MT : `We are both practicing Christians and obviously this position may be considered to put us at odds with ...' others
Want to come over? I'm watching "Youth in Revolt" and baking lemon bars... :)
Its always a good idea to drink
You should ask some of the #Rangers about #timtebow vs. #linsanity. . . or maybe the homestretch to #playoffhockey!
That theory is stupid as hell. Thet person that created that must have been incredibly bored and full of hate.
thanks! Cheers guys!
omg ! Me too!and so does the rest of my class! We were singing the theme song today! Lol!!
To try is to risk failure, but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing
charleston chews! bc big league chew is my recent google searches. ha
That is sad news. RT : Sad news to report. Friend and colleague Bill Ratliff has died. Prayers for Bill and his family.
We manage recruiting and interviews for our clients #RPO - they typically manage exit interviews.
Going to the blue ridge mountains in NC to pick apples today.
Not at all...lol
#DWTS I bet can dance!! Previews look good can't wait to see it! Good luck!!
Yay if we finish the test we cn sleep in class im finished so goodnight!!!!!
thanks 4 following, Dave. And hello from Southern California.
hell nah
The enemies of tunes, on the march again. RT Cleve gets Sports on FM on 8/29, CBS flips Alt WKRK to "92.3 The Fan."
All, fell off the face of the earth for nearly 5 months to get a health diagnosis that explains so much-hope you will follow me again!
Cat daddy! 😉 lmfao.
We are working to develop a bio fuel powered advanced steam engine to be manufactured and built in Africa.
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out
this weekends schedule: the 8th is giants playoff game, the 9th is the championship and the 10th moneyball comes out. Get excited!
Don't young muslims want to figure it out for themselves? Why this bondage? Do it then!
(btw, if you liked Yiddish Policemen you should def. check out Kavalier & Clay. It has a golem.)
I love sex in the city!
oppose SOPA and PIPA! they would fatally damage the free and open Internet.
Loving this season<3
Finally got around to watching pilot... I'm pretty much obsessed. New target show! :)
you have pretty eyes. so do you 😍😉😏 hahahahaha
Sounds awesome! Take advantage!
not the case at all :)
My sister is so thoughtful she game me chips. :)
Great D by Gasser there!!! Right back in this game now, let's show them how to
Swear when fb invite she was talking bout me when she said "leave ur light weight friends" home haha
Please #Indiana win one for the Gipper!!!!
Woot! My talk proposal was accepted for CasITConf '11! (via )
sup ma
Why is iTunes being so annoying
one thing I cant disagree with is Dr.Pepper... I think Tobe Hooper would agree!
Anyone party tonite?
It's a hoot, and always learn something! Thanks 4 joining : First time joining #lrnchat Overwhelming experience, but fun.
proven leader. takes great pride in the organization. will hold players to his standard. proven winner as coach...
Council seems to have undertones of support.
Hey guys goodmorning!!
did that just happen?...... oh my gosh.
okay I'll download them when I'm on wifi!
Did the big diner scene in Coldwood today. Another fine day in Alaska!
HI Leah Its Me Andrew
Martin got me in tears right now!!!!!
“: Big ships are built for deep waters, rough seas and new adventures. #LeaveTheHarbor”
Go SKINS! Whup um real good!
#Kegasus will be back this year for the #Preakness! Who's excited?!
Happy Easter! He is Risen! Amen!
A guy shows up late for work. The boss yells, “You should’ve been here at 8:30!” The guy replies, “Why? What happened at 8:30?”
really cool! What zoo r u at?
Anything worth having is well worth the wait...
Awesome. It's a big, fun world, isn't it? Thanks for the support!
Not sure why I goto most of my classes if I just sit there on my laptop anyways
Mazzy Star trending is the first twitter trend I can endorse.
Rocking out to "All The Boys" by Keri Hilson, while getting ready!! 🎧🎤
I thought jasper was about to die....
Intermission of "Deconstruction of a Drag Queen" by Katherine Harroff produced by Circle Circle Dot Dot. Great first act! Loving it. :-)
RT : Helping You Keep Your Car On The Road With Car Care Tips Weekdays During Your All Request Lunch Hour And Again At 5:20pm! ·
Any advice on how to display a twitter backchannel in Keynote running on iOS?
I'm not too savvy about these things except to know I sure did dislike the new Tweetdeck.
from where?:o
I'm not one for overstatement so I'll just say this: Harissa is the BEST. THING. EVER.
Maybe that wasn't it's intended purpose, but we can be thankful anyway!
Indy cars in Kentucky......
hey hey hey! Lol I'm hyper
I swear I practice what I'm gonna say in the mirror 👍😉 #teamsixlove💜💙
huge three from Lin and Anthony killing the last minute, great start to NBA Sunday!
Me: what do you want for lunch? 6 wongs and buffalo chips. Me: I don't think Buffalo Wild Wings have that, but Canada does.
Go big or go home!!!
Great presentation by lance stuchell on unpaid internships: "if you can pay, pay"
I hate when i see my friends upset because of what a boy did to them...Blake you're dead to me.
Congrats to #Redskins great Art Monk on FINALLY & rightfully being inducted into the #NFLHOF. No.81 in your program and No.1 in your heart
Weeks turning it around!
Finding the right replacement bulb is now easier than ever with the launch of the new Bulb Selector web application from Shades of Light.
That amazing & lovely moment when you realize that is following you... Pff Makes me Happy :)
Called Tasty Bite company customer service, left msg, no response. Poor customer relations!!
For WAC. A cover letter is what skills you would bring to the internship and why they should pick you.
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FANS
#cbrally & - What is step 2 to creating a social media strategy?
Feeling a summer cold coming on... Wonder who I caught that from
no, i'm not who i used to be; i am so much better.
#ThingsMenShouldntTextEachOther. Is my mom over at your house again?
Thanks for 18 followers. Love you all
it's a fine balance between being just drunk enough not to care and embarrassing yourself. Andy & I managed the former...
Sponsored by
Thanks to all who stopped by our booth and bought raffle tix and pull tabs . Congrats to all the winners!
I need some new music to listen to...
I have no Idea
define "online identity"
working on a logo for a new insurance company on the west coast.. hard to find inspiration/motivation today but I'm pushing forward :)
FINAL DAY for your chance to win $100 in restaurant gift certificates!!! See pinned post for details...winner will be announced tomorrow.
Thanks for sharing this. I am now following you and interested in hearig more from you.
Thoughts and prayers go out to Coach Billy Kennedy at TAMU in dealing with a tough health issue. Great guy we wish all the best
What's in your #MadMen glass tonight?
ITS TIME.... FOR AND THE MAVS TO CLAIM DESTINY AND BEAT THE #cHeat !!! #LeBrick SUCKS
I'd love to if I can work it out.
Just landed in SLC. Snow on the tops of the mountains. Looking forward to my first polygamy porter.
jon I am struggling to change the size of the font on my prezi?? X
haha "no homo" nice
MT : "The Jazz will almost certainly try to bring Josh Howard back next season. O'Connor and Corbin rave about him."
Why does the World Cup have game after the team's are eliminated? What's the point?
Dinner tonight: Beans on toast, style.
BajaLicious SO great to have you back! RT : im back! Baja chicken #burrito ! Taste Great!
Great show! Kyt :j
The #Annapolis Area will be opening next week!!!!
Dear SanFran folks: You have one of my fav cities. Please don't destroy it. Baseball shouldn't be taken that seriously.
Top 10 #Soccerisms by NASCAR FANS: She must be running on fumes.
Off to the B52's concert!
how was your day? i hope u smile 2day, because when U smile, I SMILE! <33 :)
Are you going to use screenfuse at the next Instagram Party? Ian is throwing Part Two #Instahawaii now its June 15
A woman's in pain, a woman's in woe, a woman is ill, when she likes to be so. - Italian Proverb
Excessive imitations to follow another's success route will make nothing more than just a copycat.
just delivered a platform to enable a marketplace for accelerating science.... curated content+linked data+purls+opensearch+people = wow
Don't give advice unless you're asked. - Amy Alcott
I can't believe that christmas is tomorrow :O
My favorite times of day are morning and evening because I love sleep.
This is my 'professional' feed. The other one is for pure, pure evil.
woo PARTY
I LOVE THAT MOVIE!!!!
fml so out of shape
It takes consistent practice to replace those thoughts with positive thoughts.
Actually, I think Bethany gets credit for the "me done good" line; I said "Show and tell"
Can I get camera/supplies from you today? Anything u don't have, I'll need to rent. Meet in afternoon?
so much of the beer!
These last two pages of this paper seem to be dragging
#naeh12 Transitional Living programs "It's not that the youth needs to fit the plan, the PLAN needs to fit the YOUTH
So many songs on my mp3 player but nothing to listen to.
Try Feedfoward - a respectful suggestion for another person to achieve future success targeting a behavior they have identified as critical.
I've actually on my way south to carlsbad for the weekend. Speaking at a womens retreat :)
that's how we roll!
That checkers by #primal be hittin when the night's over
The Indians are raking right now
your adorable (:
Missed you!!
Happy new years eve!! Well 2010 I gotta say, you weren't the best year...
Lindsey Vonn: Don’t Stop When it Starts to Hurt
thank you! Just sent you an email. :)
If its going to fucking rain, rain. If not dont rain ! #bi-polar. #lightswitchON&OFF.
The same fuckin' song on REPEAT!!!!! WTF
Packing up my room and We Found Love comes on
Thank you for the #FF last week: (Be sure you follow back - offer great & useful content)
Let me try this: MT "I like farts"
Q3 Definitely believe in 's "flexible attention policy." Interactions have been key to my knowledge.
Just three more days of Dance Is The Answer. Lots of free classes and performances still to come. hwww.danceistheanswer.org/when.htm
E. Tawil: Brown's repurposing of extraliterary materials one of the defining features of his writing.
one down, a million left :)
Bahahaha zombie jesus, I would watch out for lightning all day.
“: I'm a princess and you're not so go away.” (:
My baby boy is dancing in his first show in NYC and I am not there.
Someone come put in the disc of #Lost for me. I'm too comfortable to get up.
Not everyone is made out to sing, but if you sound like a wounded cat and you refuse to go to a vocal coach, I can't help you. smh
great ...nice to see good pics w/ no doctoring/digital image edits. Good job. “: none whatsoever.”
is screaming inside. Christmas music is flowing through the mall.
Am I being subtweeted ?? Bitch mention me!
THAT WAS HILARIOUS! I took screenshots which are now all over face book
Did anybody else hear how bad Jessica Sanchez sounded on those first few notes...both times she sang it?!?!
awful aunt u r
Happy Cinco De Mayo AND Derby Day!!! I hope you all found a way to celebrate both! Sombreros at the derby anyone?!?!
I love spring! Even though it officially starts today I'm so glad it came early.
how are u
You can start watching the action on and tell what you think
Joking aside, I'm generally a much happier person in the last month for some reason. Not sure why ;)
Whos ready for 7pm? ;) Have you told all your friends yet?!
thanks love!! Miss you!!
Don't Forget!! Free Coors Light Draft and Free Pizza every Friday from 3-5!! What a Deal!!
I have you finishing top 3 in FIFA player of the year too. Much respect for you on a fantastic season!
#Isles and #Habs tonight in Montreal. Can the Isles end their 5 game losing streak?
Just found out that I have been losing 100s of dollars because I was swiping the credit cards wrong
we good, and we were 38 and 2, we were good and lucky!
Natural joy brings no headaches and no heartaches.
sensationalism on the news. Belltown on a Friday night is worse. Nothing much happening down here
Very interesting post. Thanks for the link.
Interesting question, I'd like to see responses
of coarse duh. I have a crush on you still Lmfao. 😳😝 but don't worry. Aaawwwww Mac good seeing you. Next week again?
Want free tickets for you and your friends for 4/23 or 4/25?! RT this and get your name entered in the drawing!
When I read your tweets backwards I hear Rowan & Martin.
For your plans in Tucson this weekend allow the chauffeur's at Integrity to take you to your destination safely and conveniently
I'd like to have a big push again...anyone willing to suggest my idea to their friends for support of the page???
Hot single + Dope Feature = #SHOWOUT by
That the decision is taken away from the voters, and as in 2000 turned over to the lawyers and the courts.
Have you ever been at a bar so long you get a neon tan?
No LTE in TN yet? It's awesome (when it works and available) here in OH.
just ordered Caro's The Passage of Power
is scary
So me and my sisters left the bar tender a note saying how hot he was and then watched him pass it to his co workers smiling... So funny
How did I not know that John Stockton's son was the pg for Gonzaga?
I've come across one spammer on #OKCupid & surprised there aren't more.
I like! Make profile pic :-)
Music sounds better when you sing I wanna hold your hand :)
i really don't understand Barbra Walters...
Jealous! Have fun and we look forward to the juicy details :)
130 cappers posted with col.BB action and 6 consensus from their picks & that is IT NOW off to the MM party here in LV Day 2
Buffalo Blues!
I'm loving it. The new What!?
H.O.M.E.W.O.R.K. Half Of My Energy Wasted On Random Knowledge.
not sure what you are referring to and i believe you may have the wrong Joann. Try
To all my creative souls. Mark EVERY photo you release on the net! ppl can steal it if their pressed but will think twice. (lesson learned)
The only chick I need is my agent Oh no, everything stops when she hit the tele-phone. :D
I didn't even get on FB during April fools... Didn't want to see stupid ass post.
that Burleson trade looks better and better RT Patriots release TE Dan Gronkowski, team announces.
Twitter is just gonna end up like facebook if bitches keep up with this RT for a shout out thing.
Thanks for following us at !
Bomb Ass sex will have you thinking your in Love....
Losing Minnesota Vikings Stadium Battle Would Be Costly For NFL
psyched for two days of #edUI!
Taking pages of notes and I'm not even in school?!
Gracias for recent RT's! Happy Weekend!
Tell your friends to add my page! <3 spread the word!
Seriously? People who cant follow a sign to where the line starts should be slapped.
Me watching the Hawks right now "Good for you! Whoever you are..."
We got chingasos and borrachos! Pero no moon tonight
I believe so
Looking forward to being a #salesforce isv partner shortly! Government #appexchange here we come!
Trust me a few years of no playoffs and the Met players will be cute and they'll be at Citifield
I find social media very exciting. So much opportunity to connect to the world around you -- not to mention the power of social buzz.
And living wages. Such a full plate!
define "contained"?
Reduced LONG $USDJPY for +12 pips profit; 5% of the community volume is trading the USDJPY with sentiment 35% SHORT
How many times have you watched the video Bad Romance by Lady Gaga? I am on my 20th view.
Sometimes I think tweeting is lame.
Bearly going to sleep ://
Jesus no! Tell me you saved the Leopard print stuff!
People on Facebook "Like" everything but grammar
thanks for the vibes! Percocet FTW!
Yes it's early in the season, but I take great delight with each loss. Glad they're anchoring the AL West cellar.
SPLASH BASH @ FREEDOM ELEMENTARY, SATURDAY APRIL 14TH 5-7!! WEAR BLACK, $5 & BRING YO SUPA SOKAS!!!! THE MORE THAT COME THE MORE FUN IT IS!!
Happy Halloween! Indulge a little ;)
YES! People used to get mad at me cause I never left messages. I explained that I expected the same in return.
LOVE judging this firefighter calendar event with and others
Latino Decisions/Univision poll today does not account for closed FL pri. Over 1/4 of Dems say they will vote in GOP pri! More from me soon.
Pretty good description of my life before coming out, though i doubt thats what you intended. Thanks for writing. I always read!
I am bi and you ?
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.
The whole entire floor in my condo vibrates even ceramic tile floors.
Will send photos soon.
omg michele bachmann is endorsing romney's candidacy & i cannot recall when i last felt so, i dunno, "DUH" MAYBE?????
Funny story, outside a house show last year some fan was like "PERCY!" and he turned around and was all OH YEAH/rain fingers.
what is an iphone kit? And why do you need one? ;)
first pick is an "F" Phil not a good start
i like the fish bites myself with the tarter sauce :)
I heard yo verse not the whole thing tho
Thanks! I promise I'll keep in touch :)
Thanks for the laff. Hope my tweet doesn't scare you.
I'm not an expert in politics but re: immigration i'm totally with Romney.
how are you doing...cheer up!
They're giving out ice cream & punch @ heb 🍰 yum!
That was almost a Packer Nation fail...
I hear ya, Man, & ya see it more and more. Lots o crap U never used to see on a Bball court.
follow her she's a great person. Always RTing someone.
Big bang theory has no more bazinga or what
LOVE THIS! RT Money makes people wealthy, friends make people rich.
Join us tomorrow @ 6:30pm for the 's Annual Membership Meeting & Dinner at GWU's Marvin Center!
Met up with 2nd unit tonight to pick up footage for blanks; some wild stuff! :)
I said to the Gym instructor "Can you teach me to do the splits?" He said "How flexible are you?". I said "I can't make Tuesdays"
Sunday spin with Erin: She just said "I'm 4 weeks until show so I'm going to rip your glutes, quads, and hammies up" Holy smokes, what show?
I do love Pete Rose though.
DC Protests: Cornel West Arrested During Supreme Court Demonstration
good feature of u in Would luv to be a guest at one of your dinner parties would learn a lot.
Supercuts awesome soundtrack has "rape me" by Nirvana. And there are two little girls getting haircuts.
S/o to and for a great season/careers
too long ago
i wish i had a damn link card smh
this sounds amazing! We will be the first users ever to use this site?!?
Dinner - cod fillets, peas and sweet potato fries.
Patron was looking for Ravi Shankar. Found the pieces she was looking for and she (jokingly) offered me naan. I wish Devon Ave delivered!
awesome thx let you and know excited to start
Welcome new follower Good to have you!
Good catching up with today. Good times my friend but didn't get the nap I was looking for.
On vacation :-) Up getting to take and her friends to WSSU for a campus tour. Yesterday was NCA&T.
Off to Therapy I go.
Lakers/Thunder has the makings of a 7 game battle. Hard fouls. Trash talk. It's already starting and they have yet to play a game.
Why doesn't twitter have a feature to follow automatically oor unfollow automatically? Why do we have to use 3rd party websites for it?
Sometime after launch theres going to be somethinged called leap frogging, dont get jumped! Free members get jumped..
Sent a welcome tweet to #12 earlier today :)
It will def be hard for the hawks to come back down 3-1 in the series but I have seen it before.
Wow. That's Sox like. Winning run on base? Gets thrown out stealing.
#eDeweyCantLeaveTwitterBecause his voice deserves to be heard daily.
The kids say "let's go to the circus"
Study stage presence is. Watch American Idol and you can see when they have it and when they don't.
Little boxes on the hillside, Little boxes made of ticky tacky, Little boxes on the hillside, Little boxes all the same.
Do all that shit you be talkin about, While you gone shieett...netflix on the couch..
good point. I'm the rare person who prefers buying a whole series rather than watching online. Recently I bought $150 of DVDs.
thanks all those pretty faces at Tonic Tavern last night. you made the night somethin special. Yes, yes you did
KC area, Overland Park to be exact but we had girls from all over the metro. Again, this was 10-12 years ago :)
I've just realized that it's now more important to me to have hardwired connectivity near my TV than in my home office.
i'm massaging it :3
Free Rochester Amerks tickets for this weekend's opening game!! Email !
It's never to late to change things or circumstances in your life, whether your 15 or 105. Don't give up on life. Positive vibes family.
Great read, gonna pick up a bottle just for fun.
I love squats.
Do you miss me like I miss you?
been on a Kid ink binge lately, wish him and Wiz would put something together
1/2 hour more on Bart and then home. I cannot wait to see Mssr. Mousse and sleep in a real bed tonight.
yooo are you goin to mac miller tom?
Time to finish my masterpiece
Look at me now
dem say mi nah go nowhere!!
I'm only kidding
Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence
I saw a guitar collection on Saturday in Apollo, dude had a FlipOut among many many cool guitars!
YES, 1st time officially working together on camera in LA! Thanks to Edgar & his crew (incl. ) for making it happn!
stay sexy. be bossy.
cleaning the house, baking banana bread & catching up on reality tv
Shit She Said Team SUCK That Lmao Damn Straight Out w. It to !
I don't chalk the issue w/ Ruby-Processing up to the language/library but my own inability to get it, of course.
chill with the strobes towards the crowd. That's 2 people out cold w seizures!
Drug suspensions should be lengthened or shortened based on a Mitchell Factor - is the excuse more or less plausible than DM in '98
Enjoying my first Noice.
Next up in Chicago, a tax on air.
No strings attached ~
This weather makes me want to sleep all day
Its a beautiful morning
Let's control the division
#thatmoment ; when you see that guy and everything feels right. <3
A lot of people who've accumulated great wealth have not had that as their goal at all. Wealth is just a by-product, not the motivation.
": Just got done 4 hours of SCUBA training with (working on our PADI Certification). Just wait for buddy breathing ;)
O yeah thats twitter not tweeter just like saying tweet
hating you so much right now.
Decided to burn lots of calories today so I set a fat kid on fire.
me & n route
Extreme Couponing: Mom just called her kids as "my litter", and has bought enough cereal to last family 3 yrs. M...stale Crunch Berries.
We could save Hollywood! Like bringing back young Mel Gibson before he went crazy.
Some girls are TOO emotional! Get some heart.
Yikes, I'm shocked. Beastie Boys among the best there ever was.
Is that like a shot?
Chi-town baby!!
I needed the company haha
well your speaking to one of them right now
"However fierce our band was in the past,imagine me,six-foot-two,in heels,f---ing screaming into someone's face."-
no problem
That shoulder tackle screamed GTFO
Free wifi on planes is the best invention ever. Thank you
It’s time to toss the Frisbee. Who’s with me?
teen mom is soo great!
no problem bear lol:) how are you doing?
Happy Valentines Day!
New fridge today. Stainless, too. Oh. Marc's happy..he has a new little TV to watch in the kitchen while he's creating his masterpieces!
Follow Me An I Will Follow Back!!!
Dear Yahoo, I've never heard anyone say, "I don't know, let's Yahoo! it..." just saying... Sincerely, Google
I sing everything!!! Mainly r&b and soul! why whats up, are you gonna introduce me to Diddy?
SKYPE SESH WITH LARA. SHE HAS A BEAUTIFUL NEW DRESS AND COLUMBIA JACKET.
Lol. Whatever. Well it's very cleaned... scrubbed and vacuumed.
hayy can u send me the link to living loving and hating chapter 4?? Pls! <33
We're thinking a Spicy Chicken Sandwich + Waffle Fries + Large Lemonade sounds great for dinner today. Anyone else?
Goal for college: Avoid the freshman 15.
Give a little loving......But still gonna need some more
Remember, it's not about affordable housing, but about household affordability.
“Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.” ~Voltaire
I'm so fat
Headed to Sunset Lounge to add some color to the party.
Join us tonight for the Juilliard Jazz Ensembles Student Originals Concert, 8pm in Paul Hall! Check in on Foursquare to receive a free CD!
The interest today will be to see if the DOW can finish at zero or above. Right now, it is creeping towards zero.
I'm tryna hit u & see where lol call me or tell brent to
Romney: You cannot please all the people, all the time, but with my cars, the height of trees, Davy Crockett, & grits, I'll sure try
That's weak. I won't stay there.
Finna call it lights out for the night. Today was a great day. Goodnight Twerps!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #anythinggoes because Dylan is so sexy rexy.
Los Angeles! Tonight is at w/ WheeL Up! #Reggae #Dancehall #Bashment (via )
ee Cummings you make the girls swoon
I can't wait to go fishing and hunting with my papa again!!
check your FB. I am in NYC... we should talk.
Who caught the free event last night with Ba? Please share, would love to hear feedback also what topic would you like the next? Anyone?
I'm effing sleep deprived!
#YouCuteAndAllBut you don't need to know where i am, who im with, and what im doing 24/7.
I thought u said Friday for Smashburger. Let's go today then
sweet stuff dude!
Take a deep breath. As you let it out, say “ah” or "m" or "ohm" or lightly hum. Feel your #heart opening.
Definitely. Tomorrow is Tuesday!
What's special about our show Friday with ? Well...Ryan can't make it so we will be playing as a trio!
So blessed things could have been worser. I'm glad God has a better plan for me.
Cool party on the greenhouse rooftop. New York style thanks Jonathan
There's only one important independence day & that's July 4th. If you disagree then you hate America & support Al Queda.
Cam Newton: "My parents do so many things behind the scenes that go unnoticed." No, Cam. We noticed.
Is it just me or is REALLY REALLY cute c;
Lol, well I might go to mexico this weekend -_- (kill me, forced to go) but if not hell yeauh you coming over <3
sorry about that. the show we had posted for today is actually september 10th.
needs to #getwithit and learn how to twitter
Paper chaser nigga
da lort is my shepart, for i shall not want!
no I beat you up! Boa constrictor style!
Good Morning and Happy Friday, looks like a beautiful day even with the rain!
Brandon Marshall to the BEARS......yeah buddy
I think it's harder to get to notice me on twitter than :P
“: I'm a crazy girlfriend, idgaf.”
Man I'm so glad I took those whisky shots last night.
is amazing and we have interesting conversations on the bus (:
Time to dominate this short story.
it is almost indescribable.
Welcome to the Packers Nick!
RT RT to win! Smart Balance’s new #SpreadableButter comes in 3 varieties with great taste & added health benefits.
I am unable to DM you cuz ur not following me...!
i love your boobs and long hair
your gnarly advice is needed too much but you always seem to help out so I'm hoping you can today!
Cinderella lost her slipper, not her virginity. You don't need to have sex to find your prince.
55 days and 17 hours remaining until PHISH A/C
Am I the only person who loves LA while simultaneously missing NYC??
Been an emotional wreck lately and learned that it's ok to let things out, it's all part of growing up.
I dvd'd the debate. Not a Newt fan, but he, at least out the outset, kicked ass!
i sure love me some cowboys they look soo handsome and the rodeo coming up and they dress up soo nice um i love cowboys
A simple gesture goes a long way. After your story runs, send a thank-you note to the reporter. It will make a good impression.
5 days until rehearsals begin for summer tour madness...currently working on an arrangement of "It Isn't Easy Being Green"
I love Lego video games!
Epic fucking fail. #redrobin in Monona sucks ass, friends.
it's definitely possible-our intent is to extend the reach of SA wine writings and opinions through educators like you. Thx!
wat yo punk ass been up to
We got one word for ya - FREE! Free breakfast, free shuttle to the airport, free parking...ok that was more than one word but you get...
#monsterenergydrank !!! I really need to do my homework :(
Rain has stopped. Don't forget to bring a rake and broom to your fields tonight. Let the playoff baseball games continue!
Coordination.Collaboration.Communication.3 good leadership skills.
I'm Potter Stewart. It's hard to define, but I know it when I see it.
If day 1 of this MD trip is any indication of how's it going down....whew!
Bon Appetit Makes Strides With Reformed Animal Welfare Policy
The biggest enemy to learning is the talking teacher. - John Holt
yea its the same way for me I'm like :/ ru. It in y don't you
Nigh-nigh, Bjorn & Nick~~
Enough to fund 500,000 teachers salaries? RT : You won't believe how much Robert Downey Jr. is making from 'The Avengers'
I FEEL LIKE THROWING A PARTY TONITE!!! ahahaha
Congrats you two!
that takes honor and humility. He must have thought you were a hilarious jokester. ;)
I saw that. She don't want no sauce.
Thank you for following & welcome, love being connected with other artists.
yes!! Watch it!!! It's super good!
