Planning on creating an event of afternoon/evening flag football for a few hours... Details to follow!
Haha, our CD sent that out to the agency yesterday - too funny... and true.
I absolutely LOVED the reading this afternoon Christmas in Hanoi was genius. Thanks for the contest and thanks to the actors!!
's hobby is studying the illuminati..
i'm waiting for "You're a bald ugly fuck with no sense of fashion, Charlie Brown" to come out on blue ray
Love is when two imperfect people come together to form something perfect.
kill it, dudes.
Why are you staring at me? 😳
I'm no fashion expert, but I'm going to go on record saying I have a hard time seeing lululemon as anything but a girly brand.
I'm so happy this is one of the last days I ever have to be on wvsu campus. 👏🙌
So, I just spun it how if you sound healthy and think you are healthy you are healthy. It worked on him at least.
Awesome end to an awesome day. 10 on the books today. Killed it! The only one standing in your way is you!!
Went 0-2 on House Hunters International :(
So jealous of
Um, yeah. #GoGreen Let's pull something out of our hat.
Does anybody have their Lit book for language arts with them right now ??? please ?
i need it to be tuesdaay thoo! I WANT/NEED my iphone4 NOW!
green space in the library, chairs that rock (as in rocking chairs) for fidgety kids...
it was a successful weekend! So many touching stories captured. Safe travels!
#oomf is just so damn cute Lmaoo
Eagles D lookin suspect
Without a doubt, the support for #MarriageEqaulity is winning today's debate
All tied up! Did the Penguins play empty net all game? Two grand slams...damn!
Simplify your life. Focus on a well-defined mission and remove excess baggage.
Chris Plummer is rocking' that velour smoking jacket!
That vanity will catch up with you one day.
just heard, congrats! looks like it will be fun
I How are you doing ? I'm Samuel who are you ?
Nothing like spending the afternoon in the Gold Coast to remind you what a broke-ass dirtbag you really are.
Sounds good. My afternoon tomorrow is relatively free at this point -- so most anytime after 11:30 should work for me.
Are you a frequent swirler at our Scottsdale location? Come in and try our newest flavors - Hawaiian Pineapple, Thin Mint, and Coffee!
okay thank you!! :)
dbl play not turned kills #tribe, Texas 2 good 2 give extra outs. Little things win these type of games. Runner less then 2 outs in 8th
Finally my day has ended, phew all this schooling better pay off!
Wow, has never been more wrong saying not to learn to code. Coding leads to computational thinking, the real goal.
I know! I am barely moving!!
HOWEVER, if your daughter is seriously considering Emory I would be more than happy to meet & talk w/ her abt the school & city.
Me and this nigga Steph just made the nastiest shit, period. Like my face hurts from scrunchin it so hard
a certain Anti-Hero turns 32 in less then a month! #humble and
Just got back from Wisconsin ): Its so much better there then here
thanks for your support dude! Have a great show tonight!
- it warms my heart that you and your husband like my book KNITS MEN WANT - thanks. www.knitwmenwant.blogspot.com
it misses you! come back! pleease!
yall def. wife beautiful smart sexy intelligent
Austin, I am in you. But will be leaving tomorrow.
I smell gumbo in your future
says pantyhose for an interview. Why? What is it even? The only way I'd wear it is over my head. If I were robbing a bank.
Thank so much Antoinette!
yes great fun. guess you'll be walking all the way back to inner sunset?!
Happy Friday y'all!
free historical novel to those abroad.Award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun www.Smashwords.com no money code DZ72J
Wats life without music i dont kno wat i would do on my spear time
The race is not for the swift but for those who can endure.can Mitt endure.I think not.who is this guy?
How in the FUCK did #MW3 win best Audio #bafta award over battlefield 3. The sound quality in BF3 is amazing.
“: Run your mouth & criticize EVERY team... But you just hopped on OKC bandwagon yesterday... Boy boo!” - my timeline
Self #love is the higher self telling the human self, look beyond that.
8:50 am & no parking at Toys R Us!!
yea june 8th
It's supposed to be 6am? What the hell happened to the sun?
Non-sweetened tea is why I have trust issues...
eh it's only 7 pages
On my third cup..
The individuals who know that nothing is owed to them and nobody obligated to them are more likely to succeed! #RealTalk"
I know. All the stores here closed. CC
Do it with me tomorrow :) We can be stuck together ;) x
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 14
Thanks for the feedback! Enjoyed speaking this morning - sounds like a really interesting course and program you're in.
and I hope you enjoyed your time back in NY Jose.
Best part of a day home from work-homework day is Chi Tung's lunch special.
wait, what?
who?? RT “: I went to school with one of the bachelor's announced for The Bachelorette. Ugh do I have to watch now?”
yeah but u love gettin paid so get to work fool lol
Have a wonderful day!
Hey Courts. I saw that and added you too. How r u? You know I'm a fool for an amazing house. Merry Christmas to you too! Hugz
Tours for the spring semester start TODAY! Tour guides r u ready? Prospies r u ready? Here's 4 a great semester &
Trying to get over this cold is making me sound worse. Hope folks can hear me at the presentation tomorrow.
RT* if you live in Atlanta
Everyone is beautiful<3
Hi Brian.
#FF Some of our team members
to Atl or Miami??? You ain't going anywhere tonight??
First really warm Friday night in DC and I hear sirens and bangs all around.
Penalty call on the Preds...Terry Crisp says "of course it is"...well said Crispy
I know, right! Everyone said the same thing.
Hate to trash my guy Santorum, but he looked a bit weak confronting Paul
Ok twitter it has been awhile..... BUT WHERE ARE MY # TITTYTUESDAY FREAKS LOL.......
Dancing around to moves like jagger:)
Read the newspapers and look for ads by dept. stores each trying to outdo the other with cheap prices, for cheap IMPORTED products.
Gonna cut aftter 4th today :D
Co-host Jim Armstrong calling in now from San Francisco, where he's covering Rockies-Giants, Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
“: I'm just in the bed as if I don't have somewhere to be. I hate mornings.” < get your azz up!
awww that's so sweet:)<3
Please no one tell me what's happening on we can't watch it!!
If you are a ZirMed customer with an idea, we’d like to hear it,
I'm happy to help, if you can benefit from my exploits both good AND bad, then I'll gladly share
Wait but aren't you a man???
Oracle gives away updated Ops Center control freak
Still no power. Going to sleep, hope everyone is OK
On the way home from the Sarasota mall! I got an awesome new dress and a new sweat shirt at forever 21 😁
Just wake up and start dreaming.
I didn't finish my homework. But I have till 11:59.:/
Does anyone know any fantastic and reasonable photographers in NYC? Need photos for website and press release. Thanks
RT plz have on your show. I dare you not to be moved to tears by both their humor & generousity.
nice and each had its own journey
#GirlsWithPrettyFeet spend a lot of money. It takes a lot to make your WHOLE body look good.
Business is really picking up!! Keep it coming!
We want to give love times three and present great music for you to jam and relax and have fun to!!! Our love is infinite!!
Lol!! Yes I can do that! And yay for both!! (: Let's hang son pleasee
I'll be a jets fan this year tebowing!
Hey, not my faulty y'all are on fire this morning. You want me to start asking for snack food deliveries again?
when aren't u reported what is the name of the thing
well if I'd a seen this an hour ago...
"No longer lend your strength to that which you wish to be free from. Fill your lives w love & bravery & you shall live a life uncommon."
Doing more damage tonight...
Thank you for the RT, and for all of your work!
Yeppers, def supposed to be "CBS". They are right next to each other on the keyboard!
RAW WEDNESDAY'S RAW WEDNESDAY'S RAW WEDNESDAY'S RAW WEDNESDAY'S RAW WEDNESDAY'S @ CLUB ELEGANCE
Are vegans always getting hungry from seeing bushes and grass and stuff everywhere?
Let us know if you ever need another jersey framed! We're here in the Nati!
U R killing me No, I won't be in #STL 4 the Cubs/Cards opener. However, that will be historical & I'm assuming u will?
Now I can't get food off my mind. haha Gotta find something. lol
diving into Pottermore!!!!
"Trendy" has never described me, and I have no desire to change that. #CardCarryingContrarianTweets ;-)
aww give the bitch a chance! :)
don't think of you as a cheese player by any means
I miss Brothers & Sisters. Sunday nights are not the same!
They talkin behind my girl back they musta seen her ass then.
You must still be in Austin b/c if there is a 30 degree difference btwn NY & BOS might have to drive 3hrs
Only in NY.
haha im over here for another month man;D
if u unfollow me i want get mad this is #twitter lol.
I'm actually excited to go to brazil even though most Brazilians get on my last nerve. I just want to be at the beach
Nothing so far.
At Titos Tacos :)
thanks! Happy new year to u too! :)
$3.99 for a meal ain't too bad!
RT : LISTENING TO #KE$HA on the way back from the #rockies game!!! what car dance moves should I be doing? #greatdan ...
You're very welcome! Great job!
Oh - pineapple in my lunch! Yummy! Thank you, honey!
My work is a place of sadness.
VINNNYYYYYYY PLEASE COME HOME!!!
Just got done with my day. Prac workout now its time for a massage then bed
The giggling in Biology class when the teacher said 'Sperm Whale'..
man i love making beats
Frequent naps & good herb.. I'm anxious to be back at the stadium tomorrow!! Untill then I keep calm & carry on with what I have planned
you guys play the best funk music on automation!
On FlexBond: I know, right!? I ended up buying a gallon, then a little squeeze bottle to apply.
thank u!
I tweeked my new background at 1am so hopefully no one got to see it. It was messy for a while!
i knew it.
We thrive in a social climate that applauds and endorses drunken idiocy but treats drug addiction with disgust, contempt and scathing gossip
Two Web Domains For Sale www.LasVegasCityLiving.com & www.VegasCityLiving.com Email for more Info.
HEY <3(: WHY dont u make anymore youtube videos? :[ and reply to me on youtube <3
and we have coach Karl its nice to be a Denver fan
RT Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words. All day, every day!
yawl are rockin the articles. I look forward to a couples retreat! Thanks.
Thomas Sweet is my fave but I also like FrozenYo, Sweetgreen, and Mr. Yogato.
This is the morning to screw with a few people. Time to dance girls, who am I picking first
Lets see if Mexico doee something now..
Max is not liking the heat today. My poor baby...
i wana go skate! let this shit end now!
Started new job today Media ... great gig, great team!
It's coming real soon. and will be much better than the first. belie that
Hey peeps! We just shot some videos last weekend where we answered your college questions. Post a question and you might be our next feature
Hey, thanks for the follow!
Tomorrow, we interview Get ready, we're coming fast - with lots of killer conversations in the pipeline for your ears.
yawn. I shouldn't be awake.
So proud of you for making top 20 at Miss New York USA!!! You rocked it girl!! <3 x0x0
GlobalChronicle How to measure (and improve) students’ digital skills? chroni.cl/p36phl
studying for my final :-)
I'm Finna check it out
whatchin limitless and trying to do my capstone project
That work
Had a long chat w CEO last year. Cool UI, nice guys. Tough to build one size fits all tho. Good to see narrower focus.
« RT LeBron's mouthguard says "XVI." It takes 16 wins for an NBA title.»
thank u!
working on my masterpiece...
Welcome Lee. Please sit down.
I just tweeted James
I'll DM it to you
Sunday afternoon BBQ
I Just got my first and so excited to try all the fun products! Loved the cute packaging :)
I wasn't aware there were any people that liked UPS.
That Braun bomb was a thing of beauty
Summer Dance Program will be from July 2 - July 20 with a recital on July 20!
ug, kill me now. BUMMED!
RT "Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm."
It's sad when someone can't choose your love over drugs and/or alcohol :(
This week is flying by
It's gonna be a good meet. 100% and nothing less today
#Pronger is officially out tonight for game 2, according to several Philadelphia reporters.
That wind was horrible!!
"There's only one mind-expanding drug that this man enjoys and that's called school." (Sheldon Cooper)
thank u for the feedback on the article on !
You are very welcome! Thank you for sharing your mornings with us :)
Wish you were here to do workshop for #THATCamp #HBCU! :)
,Smartphones & Tabs just outshipped PCs and Desktops. Increasing need to use both WiFi spectrums & standards based security 802.1X
Pinot Noir, cabernet, vodka anything...what to drink while watching Cowboys defeat the Eagles tonight? Maybe something blue!
#quotes #art #photg Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known. Oscar Wilde
See the Nuggets play at home against the Phoenix Suns tonight at 9 p.m. ET!
hahha I agree. I buy way too much.
Your life is so hard RT : Why do I have to decide between seeing speak and having lunch with ?
Home Buying Tip - The secret to buying a home is finding a house in a neighborhood you love!
thanks for add
Busy day tomorrow ☺✨☀💙 #remindsmeofthatamazingsummer 🌅
at least they aren't owned in majority by McDonald's anymore, then that commercial would be downright absurd
Thx for the follow-back, Patty. You honor us!
like em? i LOVE them ! lols :)
Wishing you and yours a very Happy Holidays!
Happy Mothers Day Mom<3 I love you soo much
Thank you for the Reeeetweeet!
Olney, Illinois celebrates a Squirrel Day festival to honour the 200 albino squirrels that live in the town lets go!
School; fond music from the summer; trees turn; wind shifts; fire up the grill; football; burning leaves; wind blows/Labor Day Weekend ah
Wow what a full weekend. Wouldn't have it any other way. Tons of time with friends and family from !
MAY BABY!
Getting ready for my 0.1 K run by landscaping the new firepit. See you at 4:00pm cdt.
it's all over! See you October 21st!!
Low key watching the rangers game at home with some sweet tea. Then it will be time to watch the Lakers lose.
today was a GOoD day
Before you head to work, catch me on Jansing & Co. at 7:14 am PT/10:14 am ET where I'll talk about the Affordable Care Act.
yeessss!!! I know you'll push me! I love that!!
EVERYONE FOLLOW for me plz
Eh, it's a quantity over quality kinda day.
geekin' out over here.
Hey, family, are you ready for a new semester? We are! Good luck everyone today as Spring 2012 commences.
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative response to its innate limits and problems.
going out yay
Prosound Network: All The King’s Mics - the tonal qualities from mics like those used in "The King's Speech" are now available in a plugin.
is searching for lost High School classmates for our 20 year reunion.
inebriated texting in a foreign language.
if only win and loses, power ranking count in WWE, if only lol
#ight watching back
Essay to finish tomorrow.... GNITE.
So we go to Vegas and what do we see?! bullying ninjas on hove-arounds yo! Lol
I get in my car, and it starts blasting Journey on the radio. It's good to be home.
New favorite boardroom saying: Sniff check.
I got amazing friends and fam. Thanks for all the talks and wisdom yes!
ATTENTION! Need more followers!? follow she WILL get you 50+ followers...TODAY
#Obama 's swagger is always on 1000. I am looking forward to hearing his State of the Union
decided to release singles ...because i can! xD forget waiting for the whole album to be done
O come, let us sing to the Lord; let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation! Psalm 95:1
Everyday I say I'm moving on, but in the end I never do. :(
Maury today. this gone be good.
lmao i thought he was at work?
Happy birthday to me <3
Im sleepy now from this weather :/ 💤💤
so true! It's a great place to be!
Elliott Smith is holiday music, right?
#Snow tonight in #Boston!!!!
same here alexx
I'm never on Twitter anymore O.o
Good call. RT Is the TIME Magazine cover tweeting yet?
If someone gives me a legit reason how weed is a "drug" I wont buy a blunt today .
i know the feeling
Can we try one more time, i'll make it all better, cause it's gotta be you
Aye brah Where Can I Find That "F#ck Pok'Chop"
I concur Tia. You are quite the hottie!!
Actually younger was prob around the same time for all of us? I'm 39! :)
idk? Oh & speaking of lee. A certain someone decided to text me & he was like. Oh btw. I still like u. W. t. F.
it'd be amazing if you favorited this..
Hate how Ex's go and block me on FB & Twitter, and tell me to lose their number, ect. Lol, bitch, who said I was gonna try to contact you!?
What's one thing you NEED in your backstage area? ;)
Suppose he can't have people mistaking him for the 33 King...
Announcement 1: We've moved! Both physically and digitally
citable datasets could help RT In UK, citizen devs very keen to feed back fixes into gov data, trouble is to get gov to accept it
Work >.< this is going to be the longest day ever
Parade in honor of Our Lady down our street in Madrid at 1am, marching band and all...no big deal!
I got 3/4 of a sewing project done before Grace decided I needed to be done. That's a record!
You done a great job this weekend at YEC TN ! You touched my heart!
RT You cant fool a #Taurus but they will let you think you have, for the moment.--true shit!!!!!
RT and Follow if you love T-shirts, Tank Tops, beaters , Hats and Hoodies! Thanks!
Have had an amazing time in New England. Will miss the massive amounts of Clam Chowder & Lobster Bisque! Back to #midmo #lomo & Italian wine
Bitterly cold weather will cont to grip much of Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Region thru end of week...bundle up!
Wanting the #Nuggets to pull this 4th Q together and find a way to knock Kobe & #Lakers OUT
Why am i always wide awake at night?
Walked to the store and got a Fiji water and a esquire magazine with the man the myth the legend RDJ on the cover
hahahhahaha! Mouth to mask!
Re Bachelor: You ready? Have a favorite yet?
WikiLeaks Judge Allows Tweeting In Court eweekeurope.co.uk/news/wikileaks… via
Only drove it in to work so far... but it's pretty cool
The calm before the storm...
the concert was amazing(((: and ik one day you will and when ya do..Tell me how you liked it!! <3
Did Perry just blame the dirty Mexicans for his low high school graduation rates?
i feel bad for breaking his heart, but i couldn't take him any longer.
My family is just so fucking stupid.
about to turn in a paper, pack up, and head home ! Indy here I come !
Whoops. No. Mom reminds me It was Jair Marufo.
some of it
mobile birding pass not accepted. Lax moves us three times to go through security. I guess has now ruined this airline
Today at #Fridays, 4 is the magic number! #HappyHour #specials today include Corona bottles and our awesome #highballs for $4!
This is not a playground lady. Don't laugh at your toddlers as they run screaming through the library.
cool..wht's it about ?
I think society as a whole is more cynical now, especially the last 10 years or so.
Pussy ass nigga I don't want ya gonorrhea(:
Enjoying the beautiful Port St. Lucie breeze at Jennifer Breeze's place. Ah.
WE JUST SEE ALL IN PINK <3
preparing for tomorrow's photoshoot!
I agree, however i think the storms may be on their way. Thats ok showers bring beautiful flowers!
Update your home's appearance with a beautiful Re-stucco from Chavez Lath & Plaster, Inc.
I hear ya
how is it three?!
Related question -- is it possible to remove motor oil from trunk upholstery, or is it completely ruined?
Do we have Mr SW here?
wanna talk about it?
popping out of SL mode for a second: Q respond? Seriously people. The same Q who has replied to a later email?
Well off of that
Also: Parker liked your Glen Campbell idea, but we couldn't make the timing work
#reading In Harm's Way by Ridley Pearson at lunch - can lunch break last for the rest of the day?
Hoping it's in gods plan for me to get this apt!
How do we request that guests refrain from bringing gifts?
good for you. Still pisses me off to no end, haha.
Working on somethings
Today is my last full work day until April 25th! This is going to be the longest vacation I've taken since... ever?
it came to me just now....this mixtape will be my best yet
Does anyone write anything original or just quote everyone else?
Use `sysctl machdep.cpu` to see #CPU info on a #Mac OS X machine. Not yet sure how to determine L1/L2 cache size via OS X #terminal. Anyone?
#iusedtothink that everybody actually used monopoly money to buy & I would torture the cashier to just take it when my mom wasn't looking.
Reunite at JazzFest! RT : re-listened to the #phish '91 run of Giant Country Horns. Wow is all I can say.
Met him many years ago, he was a consultant at firm where I worked. The nicest man.
Stop by for a burger, fries, and Rose Water, Peach Lemonade or Strawberry Cherry Juice!
Apple will soon ask its carriers to tighten their online security to prevent their IMEI. Is that right?
Aw! And we love you! #lovefest RT : We love and
bridesmaid dresses
Thank you following us.
Actually im joking. tasted more like...cranberry juice mixed with...expired relish.
change of plans, we're going to kims house.
on Sunday, not Saturday. Oops. #soawk But now my whole day is free!
i like pizza as a kid, i like pizza now. NOM NOM NOM
ATTENTION: If you get a message from me claiming to have found something bad, written about you. Do not fall for this nor click its link.
and Urban is better than both.
People say im an addict, got a lot of bad habbits, love smoking that brocolli and i love stacking that cabbage
haha oh my gosh. Movie got to ya already huh??
I spent today brainstorming PR & business marketing ideas for & . Here's to hoping that I can make an impact!
Whos down to play some poker tonight?
not accepted to the Atlanta Unifieds this year. Selection committee sayd: believes there is not enough foward motion to receive new credits.
When we pursue kingdom principles above His presence, we are looking for the kingdom without a king.
...i'll just be thinking about it more then :)
It didn't work :(
James harden with the pretty finger roll.
AGREED! ;) RT: O I would love to see your home feature!
See us and the C3 Sweets at the #DubCustomCarShow May 20th
M, can't get into it at work or I'll get all hot and bothered ;) x Had an amazing time and will DM later. How are you?
We just got some new *honey toke rolling papers*
I do not want a friend Who smiles when I smile Who weeps when I weep For my shadow in the pool Can do better than that.
Fair enough. I'm sure you are. Thanks for answering!
NEW STUFF UP AT HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET!!!! SUBMIT REQUESTS FOR VIDEO OF THE DAY OR PIC OF THE DAY BY E-MAILING
Half Price Bottle Day! All bottles on the wine list are half price!
Starting to make a pile for #OAH2012. Looks like the exhibit hall is above ground--exciting if true!
RT : You are not alone!! The payroll tax system is complicated and most small business owners need help!!...
BEEN @ CAPACITY @ PLAYHOUSE ALL TABLES ARE SOLD OUT!!
5.2 is Tom Brady range. Just waiting for a Danette injury to showcase your talent?
Ok Im On it Nowww !
same on this side it's crazy
you say were best friends i say now you have one less person in your life.
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face & then reach 4 the stars.
Ido Leffler will be speaking this fall/spring about positive brands and the power of YES
Look forward to following your tweets.
I broke my yoyo :(.
I dont know what too say but cry .
thank you for all the RTs
which am I more excited about..... baseball in 30 days or !?
Happy St. Patrick's Day Everybody!
I'm Addicted to Twitter O.o
#thatawkwardmoment when someone asks you how old your baby is... 😒
you're misunderstanding that recruiting is a raw pattern match game. Still. Somebody should disrupt it.
Im with you now RT : you're with Steven??
Christian Bales's red beard is bad ass!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Light up.
the need to make new episodes of , , & !!.they need to make an episode of btr were jo comes back!!!!!
Coming down on an emotional high. Realizing how beautiful the weekend/wedding was. Great family & great times.
Yayy I won bitchy bingo
And don't forget to catch my man tonight at the Roseland
That was the audio edition of Dark Corner. Glad it made a memorable impression!
emotion driven baking!! So my style. Sounds delicious Love you
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx with
Sure :D, Follow back ?
Tip #164: In side games it's important to know where your opponents minds are. Most play better when they are winning & worse when losing.
well come and pick me up, youu got youur permit. My moms not leaving till lyk 4
Cheddar is very concerned about the dog barking on tv during a clip of The Artist and he is voting against it.
#3885. How awesome are you??:P
Looking forward to some home-cookin' with &
RT : Perhaps we should encourage people to "own" the failure rather than reject it, which is our nature
Heels. I hate them. So uncomfortable.
yes the key is make it positive
(c) with trying to boost people's selfconfidence so hop off everyone who gives compliments #alllovenohate <3
The mentally disabled often find it difficult or impossible to go thru life without some type of assistance. Never be afraid to ask for help
piano , a sweet kitten and a cup of coffee .....great start to a late Sunday morning
Ribs to start being served full-time: Fact or Fiction?
hahaha yes! Look at my face- pure focus
I'm tryn go
Nice. Best of luck! Get it.
I love puppies but once they're big they don't get any love from me -.- lol
Thank you Jonathan! Glad you've found useful!
Chris Weber: "I don't believe a shorter person should ever get a T for hitting a taller person." What??!
They look good!
Milwaukee is crazy but i love it!
structure? Cmon now
damn i hate the Man or Woman Maury episodes
My background is sexy. m.
The requirements to exceeding audience expectations are innovative, original, and unique ... innovative + original + unique = RISKY
Shorty got that
Why is it not 1:16 yet?! D;
No questions:(
I'm actually , although it's nice to know I have a cousin in the Philippines! ()
Agreed - can't wait to see what they offer.
<3 i love you to.(: what're you doiingggg?
What is a buttress? A female goat.
We will bro
Everybody's in Hawaii while my sister and I are home alone
Morning workout before work.
just did nine!!! Yay!
ain't no holla back girl
“Stay-at-Home Moms Report More Depression, Sadness, Anger" my goal is to help end #depression w/ #fitness and #nutrition!! Contact me
Yayayay early release ☺
Interviewing on Thurs for the 1st Flipped Learning Network Podcast! Tweet me questions & I'll ask as many as I can.
OST is staffing 4 exclusive opptys for QA Testers. Experience with .Net, Visual Studio, C# is required. Are there any testers out there?
awww now... keep ur chin up...
taking a break from the twits is a tragedy to the manlove he shares with
Hey Peyton Whats Your Skype Pic Is It U And Stephanie Scott Or Just U Sorry Those 2 Are My Friends But I Wanna Know Witch Is U!
Did you learn it by looking it up in a dictionary?
YOU JUST HAD SUBWAY EARLIER!& NOW OLIVE GARDEN?LOL(:
Right now we need unity. War is not about whats right. It's about whats left. Only through unity can we fix society,
They have a mind of a two year old my five year cousin. Is smarter than a boston fan
Went on an adventure with the family today
Hoarders: Breaking my heart one dysfunctional family dynamic at a time.
Just finished an amazing day at The Hispanic Business Showcase and now on the way to SF for Instructions for Peace!
Oh. Sorry. I watched that movie with a grimace. Jessco's description of huffing has made me afraid to paint ever again!
bish. =[ i.miss.you. IVE NEVER REALLY GOTTEN TO EVER TALK TO YOU PERSONALLY. I JUST REALIZED THAT I MISSED YOU LAST NIGHT.
I will definitely try Black Cherry next time Pick N Save has it's on #sale. Sounds Delicious!
my mornings are not the same! Hope you're well and maybe I'll see you around town instead now!
This is so shitty
If I conjure the imagined longue durée, only then is this Romney campaign is fascinating to watch. Otherwise, I'm terrified.
Thank Justin For Not RT My Post But Happy 18th Birthday
Can all of this really be worth the struggle? I dont know..just gotta wait and see i suppose. Just another day in the life of..
*Whip sound !*
Another GROW47 update: Friends of Courtenay has scheduled a full slate of events! Look for them in this weeks newsletter.
thank you for the RT's! :)
targets "adultsters" in #sm - young, affluent, and hungry for celebrity access
Woolard: Students are very divided. Someone will be very upset regardless of what we do. Rhetoric has been unnecessarily harsh.
<3's ! That's two scoops of vanilla ice cream, not a heart (as some of you might think) ;) <-- that's a wink
better. Thank you
hum, would have benefited from serious editing.
If everyone walked around with their orgasm face, no one would ever get laid
Look out! RT : #FF my friend or she'll sneak into your house and rearrange your furniture.
Hundreds of powerful Women in Architecture! at a networking dinner together at a museum devoted to women in arts! Amazing!
send me an email with info and tunes.
good to see you at Clyde's last night Ceej. Go Caps!
Goodbye new baseball on weeks homer and goodbye dj carrasco on Braun bean!!!!
My dog takes up like all of the bed! He's lucky that I'm too lazy to push him off.
Soup of course!
First day of summer = Excited!!
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory. Cicero
you could have pocket tweeted far worse things! :p
Thanks! RT #FF #FollowFriday Amazing Peeps That Deserve A "High Five" Daily!!!
hey follow me i #fb. and if yu have any music out can i hear it?
Maximum days the same shirt can be worn: 6. Customer said,"I know some ppl don't believe in deodorant, but..."
yeah u gotta it
just did x
Apparently I'm having a hard time with it appearing as a link. Just type "playbill toymaker" into google and it should appear at the top!
Is Vinny On Ustream Right Now.?
So hard to believe Sissy was born 17 yrs ago...seems like only yesterday.What an enjoyable journey-can't wait to see what lies ahead!HB Hun!
Sunday is the day I hear your new album and you hear mine. #blunts and #40s in
“: I HATE working with annoying people.” AMEN!
More fiber equals less hunger. Load up on fiber at lunch with a Beef Tostado Salad and you’ll stay full for hours.
Life is so precious.
great to be together here too!! Xox
Four large oaks (not dead, not diseased) came down in the Dallas snowstorm, pulling out my water line. Need tree trimmers and plumbers.
thanks for sharing! have a joyful day today and every day! ;)
Haha, I wish! This quarter's already shaping up to be pretty brutal though, so definitely don't need any more.
RT : We hope you had a safe New Years Eve! Here's to 2012 being your year!
What's up ppl
As of 4pm #GiveBIG funds have reached $5.07 Million for our local nonprofits! What a powerful day for our community and !
Already have that set up. Special sweeps piece running in July. Amundson and Adamson at Big Splash Adventure!
The Argus is practiced compassion. With an eye on you, as one is in me.
man its goin down on sportcenter this morning. How the hell am I supposed to get work done
Fantastic! RT #Trucker Tip: Give a compliment 2 next person you see - proven to improve your mental health, reduce your stress
#JeremyLin is fun to watch...only reason I've watched a #NBA game tonight #Pacers aren't on TV here.
Breathe and believe
I side with you! Regardzlez of the situation, we still learn something new tho
A few last minute cancellations opened up some spots for tonight's Riedel Wine Tasting! Call 290.5720 to sign up. (Hurry! Last Chance!)
True pork passion comes in all forms. ;)
#ilove the way u lie
I love scary movie 3! lol
Disappointment....it happens.
Watching #justgowithit w/ and family. cracking up!
Back in sunny LA !
awesome idea, excited to see where you take it!
I swear, i sometimes here my phone get a text message & once i look i have non.
You have to! He's amazing! I gave him a teddy bear in person when he came to Hollywood like 5 years ago XD He's so short!XD
IT GOING DOWN AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS TONIGHT CALL 786 223 1654 FOR V.I.P
LOL i really don't want to ruin my tolerance. It's perfect at the moment.
2 of the best #thrillers EVER: The Informationist by Taylor Stevens and The Keeper of Lost Causes by Jussie Adler-Olsen. Highly recommended.
Good to see you - I must have you join me on an adventure!
Did abunch of splits... I hurt now :/
Were it not for music, we might in these days say, the Beautiful is dead. ~Benjamin Disraeli
Yes, I have the best job ever.
Honey I feel you, but this heat... Blech... No sleep for the un air conditioned.
sorry to hear that - it's not that long of a flight to Chicago :)
....wow gr8t work
Just finifhed teaching Zumba in the circuit at Tierrasanta. Thank u all for coming!! See u next time on Wed 10am! Good job!
Went ahead and bought VIP tickets as a christmas present for my baby sisters. Stoked!! :D cant wait to see again(:
Good Morning! I am going shopping with my GF today! yes i got one!!
Something to do with an ass slap ... Which I'm always up for ;-)
Social Media Marketing Kit (4 instructional videos and ebook)
"Everything I believed about young adult literature is a lie!" Simpsons offer critique on modern publishing industry w/guest Neil Gaiman
Take America back from the political parties and their lobbyists become a registered non-partisan voter and join the occupy movement.
is nice- why on earth does everyone think thats flirting?! thats a totally different level. be real people!!
#ificouldiwouldbringback the love for classic #movies #moviechatters is the place to chat about your favorite movies
TY for following us ! Have a great Tuesday!
When Mrs. Knapp buys us Starbucks coffee and breakfast >>>
You know you're tired when...you put hand soap on your toothbrush...AND you stick it in your mouth
All I want for my birthday is for my little black cloud to leave!
It's Thursday and you know that means Friday is around the corner. Let's hear what you are doing to end the week on a healthy note.
Simon Doonan gave an incredibly heartfelt and moving speech tonight at the FGI Night is Stars gala.
thank you so much for all you do for others.
Radwanska tops Sharapova for title at Sony Ericsson
Or is the legendary CBGBs opening up in a new Manhattan location. Both rumors are circulating.
You're welcome! :D
word im gunna get you the logo to show you what ive been workin on..im pumped to get all this in motion
do you love it?
Gonna be hitting you California folks in a week!!!
Today I became a redhead!
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
. to sign marriage equality into law on March 1 at 5pm at the State House.
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.13
Going to get more ink for my printer...I go through so much ink or atleast my printer does!
That awkward moment when the sentence doesnt end the way you think it cabbage.
wtf....wht kind of world are we living in? -_____-
I'll see if I can work something out! Would love to hang out with you ladies, drinking vino lakeside
oh yeah, I bet you really love this
lol you think I only go places if it involves food, well guess what you're right how the hell am I still in shape not human
hey family!!
Playing don't like my moma getting mad ass hell
TT,sponge balls and cards(Sam the bellhop)
How mad i am at you <<
Big belly rude boy !
If she heard this shit, we'd be on a flight to New York right now I promise you.
Hey so I picked up some nutella the other day! So good:) I put it on bananas. What else is it good on?
WHAT. CABIN IN THE WOODS ISN'T SHOWING AT MY THEATER?! NO
price range?..
To hell with that, I'm playing for Chubbs
Road trip? Where you headed this summer? -PT
Appreciate the twitter love tonight!
Still waiting for to make fun Of me for getting a kindle...
O...Somebody help us break 13K Likes!
I wish I could retweet that
that's messed up. I am going to have to stop watching now.
Milwaukee is going to show some of MMA's rising stars a great time!
I have been wondering around my house stroking my cock as I'm doing chores. Now I'm hella horny!!
don't you worry gurllllll i GOTCH U!
Ok peep des new hoes I got
will look over them further later, but do we have to write an acknowledgment section? I looked on your blog and it wasn't there.
Wow! What are they so afraid of?
kinda like whoop that trick..but its jump that nigga!!!
Wow!! I wish we worked with you, Mimi! Ever thought about getting into the trade association business??
what are ya gonna buy me?
Found you on Twitter!
Like, I really should have made the caloric jump for several pints of Ben & Jerry's.
NO YOU TOLD MY STATE TO SINK, IF IT SINKS I DIE
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they believe they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you.
go wish one of the owners a happy 16th birthday! :D
I love seeing small, local businesses on Twitter - right on!
twttr SPECIAL:Buy 1 entree & get 2nd FREE up 2 $12.95. Dinner menu only. No other discounts apply. PLZ PRINT THIS PAGE & give to server. Thx
someday.... Let's just keep our heads up
!!! you are too sweet. And awesome. I propose we have an internet tea party to celebrate.
this should go on every pay check.
I have four days off from serving, so excited to put A LOT more time in for FOUR14 stuff :)
the city of angels is calling my name
LOL! He wiggles in that space between truth and manipulation a little too well for my taste.
AND THE RANDOMLY SELECTED WINNER IS........ !!! Thanks to everyone that followed and helped out!! Check your DMs
looks like theyre trying to make the palomar mix a twice weekly or daily thing. if it ever stabilizes i'll let you know.
TRUNK SHOWS- Saturday, May 19th, Allen Edmonds Shoes and Individualized Custom Shirts. Bring in a pair of gently worn shoes for Soles4Souls
Big thank you's to and for sharing helpful #foodtips in time for #Valentine'sDay.
Dr. Joyce Latham opens the morning session by acknowledging the rich multigenerational perspectives in the room
Finished w/semester and Christmas shopping, can finally read The Iron Knight by So looking forward to this!
Gonna get some wine and good stuff 2nite. Hittin up my dude 2nite
Custom Harleys at Thunder In The Valley: One of the best motorcycle rallies starts today in PA
But looks better naked ;)
Follow He's a huge BITCH!
Tonight.....we are young!!!!
Ha! He dont know I'm knowing all of his secrets... Like brother Ken, he so fake, don't even got a dick in his pants O_o #truestory LAME
thinking about signing up for #crossfit this summer...thoughts vs a regular gym membership?
I finished "Journey to the Center of the Earth" on my ride to work and am going to start an autobiography of Cheetah from the Tarzan series.
I know the price is steep, but it is totally worth it -- it's a wonderful place.
Nice collab....thanks for sharing the new song...you should do this more often...
Block party today @ 110 Morningside. Food, music, Car show and shopping! Would love to see you all there.
Love it!! You ROCK!!
Even the best fall down sometimes, even the wrong words seem to rhyme.
when you see a 21-30 year old guy flirting with a 16 year old girl online < O.O
Got marbles? Certain people here seem to be short a few ;0
Enough said RT “: Live and learn through hard times.”
“: Where r u going this weekend?” zombie walk on Friday night. Family shows Sat and Sun. Monday night.
YW Ellen! The Boston #e2conf looks very exciting this year! I hope to make it. Did you get 's book yet? Pure Gold
I just watched his 2 innings from last night. He's got the offspeed stuff working for him. Not surprised with those numbers.
"take it back to my hotel"
No BOHH No Cry- Bob Marley
HI guy
This is the second time John Michael MacDonald has presented "The Nightmare Dreamer" with It's great to see it's growth.
Much like today but more sun than rain.
im jealous lol
yea he already said that he did://at least he is happy
MT : #GOP stands firm in opposition to taxes. Dem tax hikes hurt families & small biz. Must cut spending, grow economy & create jobs
awesome posts Thankyou!
I've been waiting all day, for you to call me babbbbyyy
THX! : Pitmen Painters is such a lovely piece of work. A true love letter to art, labor & the labor of art. Hats off to
#Latism is the 3rd largest community on Twitter. Combined w #topblogueras it will be 1st! Powerful voices! We want to meet u!
done with twitter for the night...maybe
“: What a gorgeous day for our #Classof2012 to get their diplomas. Congratulations, all!”
RT : Greensboro is ready for ! Wanna try out? U have until 6am 2morrow morning 2 come register at
nice to meet you :)
Great time last night with StarKid!! Thanks to all that came!
HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE?!?!?! Who is going to hangout at Rebecca Blacks house tonight with us, She makes a wicked fruit punch. =p WEEHOO!
Killer boots man
whent to pick up my friend
Who did you get it from?
Seasons 52 was the WINNER for “Best Romantic” and runner up for “Best Restaurant to Take Clients" in Orlando Sentinel's Best Bets Awards!
My coffee intake for the past three weeks has been ridiculous. Two cups in one hour.
you have and always will be my favorite! Im honored to say I've seen you live! Keep it up:-)
Plan Ahead web site http: //www.planaheadnow.com
Tonight ! Homework); #YEE );
i have been studying for so long!! so nervous for math test!!!
Just finishing up the post man! I will tweet it 2 ya & post on your Facebook! Man I'm dying laughing from 2ndnature vids lol
hear, hear. i took her java class a few years ago. great teacher.
Stayed up too late watching Country Strong. Hated the ending, but was ama
i wonder if #oomf thinks of me as often as i think of them
justin i love u forever <3 i am a fan and will never leave u! even tho some of my friends may dis u i will always be a follow
Phone calls are the new telegrams
Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
You're so welcome!!!
Words cannot express how much I hate home depot!
Explains the process of finding #angelinvestors and that was their first #impactinvestor as a
The #JoePaterno autographed football goes for $400!
Bored at home
and i really like you too:) let me know any Sunday you can make it and I'll put you on my list. Rock on!
#Check out my demo reel www.imdb.me/alexmontaldo
My Vegas vacation needs to hurry up and get here before my tan wears off and I gain all my weight back.
He slipped in slime haha
thank you!!
Simon are you gonna fight L A Reid
You can find them used/refurbed, but I don't know about keeping Prime shipping.
you only have a month left, you can do itt lol
Damm RT : I hate waken up wit morning wood
Join for free today post highlight tapes and photos recruithighschool.com
How long have you had your dog?
What's with the #roadblock in #Hollywood? Anyone know?
That was a crazy play!
Mosley needs to retire
Celebrating my anniversary early with an escapade to Wild Horse Pass in Arizona.
hahahah that's so cute!!!
I don't think it's fair to have me work on the 3rd floor and not supply a slide...
It's Friday which means John D. is piercing till 10pm!
Great freedom in learning to allow the systems of the world to work for u, rather than fearing the systems & allowing the systems to work u.
Also, major progress on the Denver Zoo's Asian Tropics exhibit. The elephants are going to be oh, so happy.
i used to just laugh at el moe's. aw
If you're going to be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.
Sweet! Every little bit of awareness helps!
Had a really great night last night and then today sucked and I did way too much. why cant anything go right
love every shade brown + shades of my brown hair
Singing class with le'cuz
listening to a French Christmas album from the 1950s, it sounds like a French class Christmas party.
I am now. Man... he was cool as fuck 2 me. No one knew his name either. Fuck you
Looks like it's going to hit the fan!
So tomorrow is poem in your pocket day.... hmm...
Brung in Mother's Day the right way last night
Yep...I couldn't resist posting that and making a caption for it...I'm glad you liked it! :-)
Pull a couple all-nighters and you'll be set!
thank you! remembering our Savior with u today.
nailed it: because state taxes are regressive, federal taxes should be "a way to equalize that."
Losing weight requires daily burning more calories than you consume. This doesn't necessarily mean reducing calories, but burning more.
LMFAO! RT : Spent months training to fight Munoz and now I have to fight a guy who sounds like "PIP" from South Park.
We are starting a store! 1 t-shirt down, lots to go...
Make. Your. Bunnies. Orange.
Dude i really hate bats :O
Dancing on flexiglass on top of lights & electrical will do that RT Madonna danced like a woman afraid of breaking a hip.
FAREWELL GUYS!! THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME HERE ON TWITTER AND TUMBLR.. ITS BEEN AWESOME... GOODBYE!!! =]
[Titus2:13]Let's daily look for the glorious appearing of our Lord ChristJesus + let's tell all of our loved ones we love them, while we can
About to watch President Obama deliver the second State of the Union... R U Watching!!!
Nicki Minaj Surprises Cute "Super Bass" YouTube Girl On Ellen (VIDEO) Summary: Nicki Minaj made this little YouTube starlet 's whole lif
I know they're called shorts, but shouldn't they at least cover your butt cheeks?
Shockingly busy in this waiting room at 7:13 am- hoping, but not optimistic that this appointment will be prompt.
I just put the seat back and sleep
Awful news about Shadid. He was so young and talented.
Thanks for calling in to
glad to know you are brunching enough for all of us! Save some brunch for me, I'm going to be hungry in September.
Weed man coming with a half a zip 30 minutes in the trap is a half a brick Always hustle to get it I never ask for shit
Mentally bored at work
Updated saturday forecast: 76 and scatered thunderstorms
going to look at apartments today #excited and hopefully bdubs later!
yo shit nasty my shit home made cook..when yu get it like that talk to me lol
Brings lots of nice surprises but tweets can also be misinterpreted.
thanks for coming out Canada, at least you still have maple syrup
you don't be joining my xbox live parties trader
I just laughed.. for 4 minutes.. non stop. (:
I'll be up this weekend actually! and the following too for Christmas. Let me know if you are free. I'd love to catch up!!!
Samba - Little Brazil at the Ramp San Francisco Fri, November 5, 5:30pm
Today's my off day. :)
Remote Conductor is currently featured in the New and Noteworthy section (Top Overall) on the iPad App Store for all major markets!
Let the games begin.
Another beautiful day here at the lake! Did you know that MarineMax carries more Pre-Owned and Brokered boats than anyone else in the U.S.!
Em, you need to talk to Human. He's been holding out on us!
I've been a voting member of Grammy for years, and I can't afford to go to the show, tickets are that expensive. Oh well...
Ya know,ten years ago tonight i met the devil in the pale moonlight...
#TwoThingsIWant me and you
please retweet our last tweet !!! Great deal!!!!
Takes off shoes while driving
RT : Tomorrow from 11-7, we'll need your votes one last time for Milwaukee to host the 2012 Social Media Tourism Symposium!
Goin to the #brewer game tonight Trying to figure out which hat & shirt is the luckiest.
I am pretty sure the morning sickness is gone! YAY
you know, I'll need to be selling mine before I travel before I travel westward, so if you can hold out until July....
Woof Gang Bakery woof pack follow a non-profit helping animals and fighting cruelty. Adopt don't shop for your pet!
The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and
Not that I recall but that pain in the butt may have been caused by back issues
RT : ...and so begins the best 2 hours of radio of the year. Jon McGlocklin on the Radiothon to...
So much TV to watch tonight - Its very hard to avoid all #thebachelor talk today!
I feel like i'm gonna cry...
Missed the 2nd special performance by du Soleil at #drupa? Follow #xeroxdrupa for details of the next performance
By the way, Gingrich angers me alot more than Santorum...SC GOP voters stink! Thanks for lifting up the most divisive candidate :-(
Clayton talking on about Russell Wilson, and how amazing he's turned out to be. Some of us have known it all along!
I know you won't and I understand what u mean but can u still talk to me? Or not?
What do you get when you cross a stream and a brook? Wet feet. HA-HA Thanks
It's cold, rainy, and the Sox can't win a game! Looking like an early night! :)
Losing your mind, huh? I can relate!
#seattlefashionweek 's trunk show was a blast. hopefully we can make it to the press event on tuesday!
I'm so over conveyor belt sushi. Food should not be conveyed.
: Is anyone else having App World problems after PlayBook update 1.0.5? Several threads today in forum w/ no answer.
"Gabriel Rossman is assistant professor of sociology at the University of California, Los Angeles." Not for long.
The Host or something!
"No one company can do this by itself" -Walt Disney
oh shit! Happy mothers day Chereereereeree
get at me in the morning and I'll hook ya up ;)
Ops. Disregard that last tweet - I sent it to the wrong group!! :)
Yeaah buddy Rollin like Big Shot .
It's a jungle out there
he's right! “: Sun shining in NYC!
the Kentucky Derby winner ' I'll Have Another ' was purchased for $11,000 .... what a friggin bargain ehhh ! WOW !!
Our shit is down right now, So if you need us to promote your site / content, post and we'll repost.
awesome! U deserve it
quote of the day. Comanche leader tells Creek trader that his people "are the most powerful nation on earth."
This girl walking in front of me got a wedgy ctfu
Proceeds also provide free healthcare for uninsured teens.
Awesome!!!! :-) Here's to more connections! Thanks again Guru! Let's spk v v soon! xx
That person's voice who literally sounds like nails on a chalkboard to you.
why the switch?
You must come by and check it out! :)
But if I got with you would feel the same
I need to make that move downtown to get those steakfries! NBS
pick the right hill to die on. Hummer ain't it...
<<Follow my new page>>
the day just got a little brighter :)
Morning everyone! I am still trying to recover from Christmas travel!
"Sorry I was waiting for crack"... Oh RENT
I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting for you to talk to me first.
haha the word yacht... It's nothin ;)
heading back to Google Village. Will take some pics w iPhone to tweet #usXsw and let u know any scoop if I get any :)
never underestimate my socks.
So what do the Yankees do with Mo if David Robertson is lights out for the rest of '12?
Keep pushing!
“The Lifetime Fitness Center“ Spurs
Damn I'm already tired
kiss my ass💋
have you showered?
no rush
Damn Heat fans so hurt right now ....
RT We're giving away a HARDENED Edition of #MW2 on Aggregame to celebrate the Resurgence DLC Release - RT to enter!!!
Lora speaks to the 1st yr grad students at the meeting today, this is "already a transformation in the visibility and reach of GSA."
---Thank You!
I want sum damn apple pie on top of
Impossible to get caught up on e-mails. #Family, #writing, #speaking. Maybe 2012 will have more hours?!
Surface Magazine is one of our favorite Mags.
-- good they're at the AA Museum. I'm just here getting some work done.
The reason I talk to myself is because I'm the only one whose answers I accept. ~ George Carlin
Mass. is so cold move your logistics south where it's warm. #jobs Love adidas Adi Says my Kicks get Chicks & it's true \8^)
It's about time! How AMAZING is that place? To. Die. For.
Due to facial swelling from teeth extraction, Sofia might call me Puff Daddy.
Who has an Instagram? Follow me -- janetluvscheese --
Very sweet. Thanks so much! Glad you like it. : )
2 cups of coffee...I am in the zone!
yeah should be nice this weekend. maybe even as soon as saturday!
we just used our 77 kids cards...thanks so much!
RETWEET: Game Night tonight in the UC 2nd floor lounge @ 8PM. See you all there!
Cinnamon toast crunch....
Happy birthday to THE one and only, pride and joy of Wheelersburg, OH
They say loves the key.. Someone change the lock.
The sleep deprivation is catching up to me. My zombie trance is almost as nimble as the sneezing walk of a nine month old.
YES! Finished season 6. Love Winchesters. RT : I heard you started to watched Supernatural. yey =) soo you like it?
is "hello" wrong?
Mobile visitors are more likely to be responding to social media. -
yup I lost a whole bunch of people off my list as well. bizarre ass technologies
This bill will affect every single motorist in San Diego County
Please check out our new Shelter Hope Pet Shop in Janss MarketPlace Mall, Thousand Oaks. The new model for Pet Shops = ADOPT!
all I need in this life of sin is me & my boyfriend
Whoa. You have a lot of followers. I'm jealous. Thanks for the RT! loves you.
At the Oklahoma History Center for a workshop: The Preservation of Archival Materials in Colleges and Universities.
Lunch will be in the lobby (same place as coffee/registration) at noon.
it out.... And I get in ALoT of fights
I'll admit, I'm extremely sad they hinted at Six Napoleons, that was one of my all time favs!
you sleep?!
Who knows what the future holds.. all I can do is stay prayed up!
And the #Flyers fans stopped yapping for a few brief but treasured moments...
We provide therapy for children with-Challenging family structures.
#tbrs not the right video. This is of a night game.
All the statistics in the world can't measure the warmth of a smile. ~Chris Hart
Win Allison would love to serve you during happy hour. 5-9pm. Trivia at 8pm.
Gwen just texted me that they are "Excited to #demo2012." Anyone who is at willing to give me a play by play?
great interview!
hope something comes of it. Be happy to share more info or anything else if u need it.
thank you..(:
Game Recap
A chicken Teriyaki sandwich + a whole bag of sour patch (watermelon) + tons of hw + gotta wake up at 5am = #yikes!
Thanks, man. And "ouch!"
and i like to eat !!!
IF YOU DARE YOU WILL READ "PYTHON' by Carina Nolan Hell slithers Lust simmers in hot Florida thriller
lol good times. I am long over due. Need to get a refill. Please give my love to the family. Love you!!!
lets get 50 likes by tomorrow before tha show!!!
at work, hoping for a good day today... very busy week ahead of me...
Happy Birthday gorgeous, hope its a great one!
Love that its friday! Cheers to the freakin weekend
Also. Go pirates. Fuck you as well if you don't like them.
So that they can have all the money to themselves and still get everything they want from YOU without you asking for or expecting anything
Doing something ambitious with my hair sometime today. Let's hope I can get finish up all of my other business so I can get started.
I finally understand all the Hunger Games buzz
FREE DRINKS TODAY. be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "MAUI" to the bartender and your first drink is free. book 'em dano
aww thank you
going to Sam's. :)
Wish #BadUniverse was longer - would have liked more time on extremophiles & the killer robots
“In youth we learn, in age we understand.” ― Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
Whoa Dave you worked for Photojojo?
As if having a commercial aud 2 come back 2 after vacay wasn't awesome enough, I got to 2 audition w/ "Chad" from
Imagine, that you have a giant, inflamed, hemorrhoid about the size of a golf ball, right in the entrance of your asshole
Great game, Tank! One of the most exciting finishes in San Antonio sports history! #TankDown!!!
I always get my way
"for maximum impact no creme!" - gutter punk @ coffee shop in austin texas.
The NY Highline is amazing - hope the City and keep it clean and graffitti free!
I do. I have everything teal and a teal and purple iphone case. Ahh the good ol days!
Happy Mothers Day to All the Light Skinned Niggas out here!
#youwerecooluntil you decided not to read any more books
I am told that the skin reduces men mad. I love to wear it because it's nice.
I love it when someone on our team shows me something new they hacked together...empower and innovation will follow
is there an educational component or is the impulse more marketing related?
Is there anychance i can maybe get a tweet or a rt from my favorite diva
Just read the phrase "get 'er done" in a business article. I was horrified.
"excuse me, I think you dropped something" Did it yesterday. Dupont Circle, adult male, pastry wrapper.
No it's true it really is race day tomorrow. Ha!
Oh, and if you are going or did go to see it, I'd love to hear what you thought of it.
I'm a creep, your a creep, we're all fucking creeps
I wonder if I know anyone who lives within an hours drive of Toronto, ON ... Anyone?
Saidee:Why? Because I can
On the Range program on the golf channel is really good.
Welcome to Old Bellevue! Can't wait to try your twreets!
twitter won't let me follow you. Apparently I'm following to many people. I want to! I want to follow all of my followers!
In Heritage waitin on a cut
Living my life to the fullest 
I hate being sick in the summer
This time last week I made those "horrible" cookies/cakes... haha Yum now I can only dream about them! Have a great day
Thanks for the RT!
depends on perspective ;-)
Break my sisters heart I'm finna rip out ur heart u aint worth anything u are a peasent and she is queen bow down before u are
Happy Hour with live music from Bad Katz Blues and Free Taco Bar Specials DRESS TO IMPRESS ! No Cover Before 10!!!
Performing Improv at The PIT tonight at 7pm. Come and witness the magic of acting with no script ;)
Yes! Visitors learn from museums via s.m., but museums should be learning as much/more from audiences
Or they never connected with the person who they were seeing in the first place...sad but true.
The vow.
what a great pic of you guys!
yeah :D
“It could have been the Jinn. Consider the possibility that the Jinn knew who or what you are to them even when you were a child."
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "This is so addictive and fun" by Selena
I gotta tell the World about it !
If you're interested in fantasy football check out www.orpster.com. It's a stock market of NFL players.
Don't forget to follow me back :-) And I'm glad to +K you in acting...
Reason #985 why living in NOLA is awesome: Free concert w/ Avett Brothers & Dr John tomorrow in the Quarter, thanks to Final Four events
Proofreading calls for dark chocolate.
REMEMBER GUYS: Always cherish, love, be kind, be honest & truthful to your wife or girlfriend. I didn't and spent the last 30 years alone.
Report: St. John’s assistant Mike Dunlap to interview with Charlotte
So selfless of you, thank you! I'm a good swimmer, though.
Can't wait for your show this week in Pitt I haven't seen you since Can't wait to rage!!
Nice day to come back. Pity its Internationals next week though.
Anquan #Boldin will be taking over #football camp this year. July 6-9, 2011 at McDaniel College. For information follow
It was very hard for me...Degrassi is what I look forward to every week
Should I be insulted I wasn't asked to participate in the Kennedy Center Honors tribute to Meryl Streep? Also, can someone DVR it for me??
awesome! Love the account diversification with ! Will follow them more closely for sure. And collab?
Met with , the newly promoted Artistic Assoc., to discuss 2012 #apufringe proposals.
Superbowl watching location: secured. A 24 hr sports bar in Saigon. Enjoy the game. Go #Steelers!
Tbh in my house its about favortism and its always my sister the favorite :l
1, 2, Freddy coming for you!
Some people wanna fill the world with silly love songs. What's wrong with that?
Has a baby face ^.^
Pour one for the homie! Lol
Especially when I'm working on covering Worlds, like I am right now. So much easier to flip tabs between my notes.
& i thought this movie could get any worse...
Alf is tired of Willie's brother hanging around, plans to runaway by hitchhiking Claudette Colbert style.
Agent of the year: whomever is representing the punter. Only drawback is that no one knows where to start on contract negotiation.
Hehe thanks to the translater on my MacBook, I know EXACTLY what you said! :)
"she thought not like the movies was about a condom"
Hate wha im turning into
Getting ready for Bacon, Best friends, and maybe even a few beers ! with
Can't wait to hear it!!!! I know it'll be amazing!<3 xx
RT If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail! Kurt Cobain
jamming to old school
Preach it!!!! We build on their strengths, teach to their needs & celebrate our learning communities!
Just learned that microwaving a corn tortilla turns it into a cracker!
OH NO! RUN. RT : This man REEKS of bullshit & its making me want to puke.
epic idea. DM me to chat.
jealous ! haha i still have to see luke bryan sing haha i keep getting caught up with
who says i dont already? I'm actually not even in law school; im a professional #starbucks tweeter
Q: Why do liberals travel in threes? A: One to read, one to write and the other one to keep an eye on both intellectuals.
#ReasonsWhyIHateSchool There is no subject about ~Sara<3
thank you! I appreciate that!! 
What options do we have for switching to a cleaner and more efficient energy future?
Dirks always finds a way.
#tired af...but i cant sleep. I seem to be having this problem a lot
Time to say bye! Need to watch Pure Love.. :).
Is there a link to Masch's presentation from yesterday's SRC meeting?
shout out to my new followers
Show your #CLE pride! WEAR it! Check out www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com updated photos give you a better look at our tees!
Ok I had the weirdest dream 0.o
is his last name baker?
Of course, I probably don't watch nearly as many action movies as you guys do.
so excited for wwhl! I missed you!
let me know when you get 200 so I can unfollow you and put you back at 199 ;)
Tina made the drinks ALOT strong so this chick is going to bed-oh hopefully around 7. Hope your day is GREAT!!!!!
Does that mean people who write about "influential people under 30" were not
Will, Y U NO shove a bee hive up your ass?
Me, too! RT #IWannaSlap whoever started #OnlyFatPeople TT, may be we should build people up instead of breaking them down.
only follows one fan a week, I'm saying he should follow 5, because it's gonna take him 4ever to follow us :/
I'm in love with this weather!
lol naw bitch ya ass a fool :)...
The Cult of Cartman!
Boondocks til i k.o
Yup. Snark is cheap, and snark cheapens.
Closing at Bar Louie 3rd night out of 4 in a row, need my people to get here and buy some cocktails, Milwaukee, where ya at?
: Twitter. You'd be surprised how much I've learned about the book publishing industry just through my Twitter feed alone.
please have her send me an email.
im serious, do u not remember 2007
Thanks for the tweet about our presentation.
So much energy & excitement!!! RT My, my, my, these #topblogueras are on fire!! Way to go, girls!!
Can't go wrong waking up to Steve Winwood.
#nxnw #sxsw Here at weirdos for some live music.
Tonight the boys gone wild))))
I agree. I loved Bad News so much I went right into Some Hope... but I think I'll shove another book between them now.
thanks- I think is a very happy and non-annoyed tweeter today 💩
Well said Rebecca! :)
Hey Cynaca what's up?
Ohai, my names Jamie. And according to where you are I'm elsewhere. This goes perfect with the babies were gonna have.
The wheels are coming off. What the........
Holy Moly there is a Brewers game everyday this week! Come show your love and enjoy $2 hot dogs, $3 cans of Damsel and Louie's
I love how tweets his fans saying thanks for gifts they sent. He's so sweet! :)<3
was interviewed by today, be sure to tune in next Tuesday to learn about Bread is the Devil
aww yea cause i can't afford school in cali =/
I searched my name and nothing came up :(
Will there be a live stream at #swaar?
Thanks, Arthur :) Hope to see you there!
You are my heaven. Anywhere on earth with you is where I want to be.
It's an interesting measure of someone- how long they'll deride an innovation before engaging and assessing for themselves. Me too, 'course.
looks like a brunette Barbie doll :)
Looking at tickets for when comes to visit!
Which foods jump-start your day? Apples contain quercetin, which boosts performance and energy levels.
crap. getting dressed and i realized my favorite socks are getting worn out. grrr...but they are so soft now
girl, get out of the wash machine!
At least I know is watching #TheBachelorette too and I'm not the only one..
RT Hear hear also need to educate PMDs to check men for breast lumps, not just women. Men need to be aware
Sex in the shower :)
so many people I know are in/going to Hawaii right now! I'm jealous :/
Good Morning!
Seven days til America!
If your just staring at your walls #Brian&Robert Then this one is for you
it will be fun to meet you!
I hope you all have a very lovely feast today. Mine won't start until after midnight lol !!!! So fill your bellies my mortal friends.
The adventures with tyler and cori jo.
Give it to God EVERY DAY!!
Trains new album is the only thing keeping me sane
Vincent IT developing eBook for iOS for an U.K based client and won project to develop appliaction for all mobile platfroms to stream elea…
I miss your stories! ;)
Not MOA! :) Try EP, everytime I'm there, it's tolerable- Good luck and Happy Holidays!
You are just fantastic !!!!!!!!! i love you
#sdmayornp Dumanis lists some foundations and philanthropy creating solutions we need because we don't have the $
Just when you thought Baylor's uniforms couldn't get any worse ...
#Indians get one on the board in the bottom of the 4th. #Angels lead 2-1
Bring Sally up. And bring Sally down. Lift and squat gotta tear the ground.
Ok Fort Myers and everyone @ First Assembly... Be ready... Im on my way!
I have stuff now that I never had before ....that makes me proud of myself *shrugs*
Great work tonight at Boot Camp! I really appreciate how hard you guys work! It really keeps me motivated! Keep working hard!
HALLOWEEN H2O...drives??? WTH! That dude walked everywhere the first 5 Movies! Who taught dat...how to drive? He'd walk like betwn states!
m nice bra and sexy body thank you for sharing honey
Shopping for an iPad 3?? We already have them on order. We WILL take trade-ins on iPad 2 & 1's Twitter followers get $25 off any #iPad!
now THERE'S a thought...
Never put off until tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
i need followers!:( F4F
"Ronin Gray" is credited on IMDb
lol! so true ;)
AWESOME!!! You rock!! I knew you would do it!!
Further information is available by calling Iron Eagle organizers toll free at 1-800-851-6940, or via email .
Hey are you and the kids going up for the Cellcom race or is Aaron just going?
night-amanda
...and im officially late to my last damn lab of the yr! cool! :/
SAVE ME FROM MY MOTHER AND BROTHER... I don't understand them sometimes lol
Fish shrimp snow crabs crawlfish lobster yummy with a bottle of wine I'm ready
Create your personal brand, boil it down, listen to feedback, connect. It's that simple.
to those that need it. No matter what they say in boils down to money and one party fighting the other for all the old reasons.
Talking to this faag(;
