don't forget about the grade/red/orange soda
Sencha, shaken, not stirred, with Hawaiian Paradise (Pineapple mango fruit blend) with a hint of peppermint.
Good day tweeps! Fresh outta church..Time to chill a bit.
": Someone just took a punter. Seriously." And the jaguars continue their ways
The Walk is 107 miles. We will have over 60 walkers at the start including 2 Cincinnati Bengals
omg, cant believe the beeper didnt go off lol
Venetian HU against . He had no cards at all and I was running pretty hot. We started even in chips, but it never became a real game
Fishing ... is a sport invented by insects and you are the bait.
Spectrum Surgical Offers Complete Line of Veterinary Dental Instruments - PR Web (press release)
Sounds perfect for a day like today...or maybe a day like any day...
#kidscreen Pitch It parent panel remarkably informed & thoughtful about their kids' TV use...except one who 3x said it's her babysitter. lol
Follow me back please(: Im a huge hunter<3
It sad too see you just forget
#TebowGotTradedFor a box of crayons
Thank you for the follow! May I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now.
Am I the only one that thinks Siri is a little too close to Skynet?
Thats the first thing that came to mind when reading this article, fucking rapists, they think they own the place.
im goin h.a.m. hard as a muthafucca lettin these niggaz know who i am
drunk just thinking about it!
Bristol palin can have an opinion when she learns how to keep her legs closed. She thinks gay marriage is bad, what about premarital sex?
Captain America is walking by the office outside my window.
We have an excellent Warehouse Manager – I0585 A confident man manager with a proven track record in warehouse, transport and distribution …
Great meeting you yesterday!
thank you
Just trying to get this day over with so I can go home and relax
NYS Commish of Education is now on Twitter . NYS Librarians should consider giving him a follow
Don't worry, you're not alone.
": Thank you!! Best wishes to you and if you are ever up here in Seattle let us know were making films!
cool, thought I had seen that. I will work on getting my info you you this week!
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Always great to meet a fellow Austonite!
MongoDB is pretty much sweet.
Somehow the rockers are in first place in the LOD in a rebuilding year. U desperately need two hitters though.
when I was 17 my mom bought me a playgirl subscription for Christmas because she was certain I was gay (I am not)
Lakers!!!! Kobe 48 points I need my prediction was right :).
Who's your audience for the Archives 101 class? Mine is local govt records managers. Would love to talk!
oh u mexicans never change smh..
RT : Get 20% off in Hey Monday's merch store this weekend! bit.ly/nDNKSr (use promo code LABORDAY20)
You've already reached your goal! :-)
First #aafmiami event with Rob Gonda from on 9/14 in merrick park. Save the date!
i don't!
Alot more golf to be seen on CBS and NBC. Long term tv contracts signed in spite of the decline of Tiger. Solid
if you were my boyfriend , ill never let you go, keep you on my arm boy, you'd never be alone...thatd never happen. LOL :(
I don’t even like to read that much, but these “emotobooks” really fit me perfect. Someone at work told me they like the mystery one.
I agree scale up has as many issues as scale down. As I mentioned, it's all about use case. What use cases are transfered?
Helo the dog is great at blocking our view as well. But purely out of love!
Or new shoes.
ok...what gym u workout at?
"Life is like a stubborn mule, it doesn't back up." <3
Being stuck in a bland hotel room in the boonies of Raleigh has done wonders for my productivity on a Friday night
Thank you for the book recommendations!
match.com is where I met my wonderful wife! I highly recommend it.
on this grind all the way thru the late night started this beat!
Really?! Seriously? I have softball tonight! kill me now!!!!
yes, after May 4th would be good!
lets go heat yall got it dis year i can feel it
“: Cuddling with a teddy bear releases the same amount of endorphins as having sexual intercourse.” ...We're through
Dynamic Personalization coming to every interaction near you. Super helpful for consumers, super valuable for bran...
Going to watch the hockey game tonight! :) Go Canucks Go!!!
#ThingsYouNeverHear Man, #PHP handles this large dataset really well!
At lunch my stomach was growling in math class... What was awk was that it was dead silent and we were taking a test...
Wow I hope can make it to 50k. 9 days and 2202 followers needed! WE CAN'T MISS THE SURPRISE EVERYONE SWAB THE PROOPS DECK
Yes we will be selling produce. But remember donation money will only be used for charity purposes and will not go towards the sold produce!
Just for the record... B.O. is NOT cute!
its a good and bad thing it just shows how strong you are <3
Those names smell like money :)
#RT I agree #Living #Social, put a cap on your Pandora ads. I have had to listen to the same ad 6 weeks & am officially annoyed
Don’t leave something good to find something better, Once you realize you had the best, the best has found better.
Eating a super yummy toffee that makes up for an awful lunch...
#WeWontWork if we can't come to mutual agreements
Fucking bum: Douglas is a dummy! #Knicks”
I just got the mental picture of you playing with E...then your eyes slowly beginning to shut & you startle yourself awake.
Congrats to Chichi Adeleke, #ARathlete from Acceleration Iowa, a proud member of Athletic Republic. She's a cheetah showing...
Any suggestions for some good podcasts to listen to?
thank you.
hahaha the inconvenient saltwater fish?
come back to the city
Join OVS this Sunday, March 6, from 4-5:30PM, for a journey through the Jewish South as we present the film "Shalom Y'All". $5 per person.
Thanks for the help. Turned out to be a virus. Malwarebytes found it, but Microsoft Security Essentials didn't.
RT : = Brands find how audience feels about products, people, industries & competitors
thanks 4 takin the time to talked 2 me :)
Working on my piece for the Bead Soup Blog Party!
Please contact me for any new castings.
#ObamasTeenYears during which Mitt Romney was already creating jobs by shipping American jobs overseas.
I guess I should go vacuum out my car...
Same thing with fruit in oatmeal!
Does anyone know why my iPad would suddenly stop connecting to the internet through my WiFi? Still works for the laptop.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe that at school you're only allowed two parent notes to sign in late.
A source says $125 million in competitive school grants in #NYSBudget. Cuomo had sought $250, assembly wanted only $50
The amazing to me about a treadmill desk is that you hardly notice how far you've walked. I'm always shocked.
can I ask u a quick question?
that hat will seal the deal. #ladieslovetheGordon'sfisherman
Follow me back
my current cost $TNH is $236. looking to scale back in at these levels a share at a time 1$ cost/trade...
Thanks for the follow! Lets keep making Northeast Baltimore awesome together for the children and families we serve!
Reading over the crap I wrote yesterday....not all that bad, after all. Haha, I really should write more often :P
Thank you! Wonderful!
are you watching that little red running dude? Hilarious!
Watching "Jumping the Broom" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Let's discuss social media IN galleries. says may detract from extended looking. Or might help digest. Your thoughts?
: no what I am saying is this is all much more complex then can be understood in pithy tweets.
And thank YOU so much for playing those shows! Your band has tremendous talent and we look forward to seeing you continue on.
all in, they were good!
interesting lecture at tomorrow on Kahlo's The Suicide of Dorothy Hale, I'll be there, join me!
I feel bad that people follow me on twitter and i dont' twit. or at least I don't think I twit. Do i twit?
mine started dating a girl way to young for him.. It disgusts me actually haha
Nobody's getting over me. I got the swag and it's pumping out my testes!
waffles with syrup and powdered sugar.....
Where's a good cafe / dive bar with Acoustic Guitar music in #Washington #DC #DCeats #DCfoodie #NoVA #Bethesda #SilverSpring #MD ??
RT : PREDICTION: Santorum about to very publicly come to the conclusion that Mitt Romney is not as bad as he previously thought.
Was mildly annoyed by the construction on my block until I realized it's probably the fiber going in. Work away!
Up 30 hours straight.
thanks for sharing
Shit was gud real recognize real so we fuckin with each other
Exactly. But i guess ppl don't know how to handle a loved ones death and tweet about it non stop -.-
In order to learn, one must change one's mind. ~Orson Scott Card
OMG!!!!!! Its a tornado watch for Cuyahoga County!!!!!! OMG!!!!
I just gave someone directions! #imapittsburger!
hey girl. Can you come outside today?
Super random barry alvarez cameo on entourage
Congrats, Brewers! Time to start the second season!!! Can't wait!! What a sports weekend coming up for Wisconsin!
For a quiet day at the end of Arts & Humanities Month, carefully read a sacred text
that's too bad that you won't see Safe travels and Merry Christmas!
when will you be collabing with me *wink wink*** lol only about two more weeks!!!!
ZICO will be hydrating the Rolling Hills this morning beginning 9:30AM! Stop by for an ice cold ZICO!
Maryland (briefly)
Dig your slogan: "east coast drive with west coast vibe". You could copyright that.
To quote Joseph Welch re: Limbaugh "Have you no sense of decency, sir, at long last? Have you left no sense of decency?"
more like three
In a bit of pain today since I was trying not to take pain meds, um, take them;)
Little league football, homework(10 mins) and waffles for dinner, oh the life of an 8 yr old boy! He asked me about pronouns, uh yeah ok!
Just returned from the Eyes on the Future press conference. Check out the website www.eyesonthefuture.biz for details regarding the summit.
okay great! send me the link when it comes out ahaha :)
And yet again she blogged mood, temper, humor, and caprice
good luck and say a quick prayer before you take it.
Everyone's complaining about their Klout scores going down - but mine went up! Do you think it really matters anyway?
We are having a great weekend, and hope you are too! Busy, busy! Happy mid-January!
Rio Rancho schools closed for a 3rd day due to roads. (Hardly any snow in heart of Abq.)
Saw Balloons in the sky this morning...does this happen offer here in ABQ?
Hey #Graco make a #baby monitor that doesnt make a screeching feedback noise. Ruined 45 min of rocking her to sleep
there's always Wheel of Fortune! I'll hook it up.
"I'm not a ghost, I'm a catfish."
much love baby keep showing it 2 me shawty
artomatic may18-june23 1000plus artist,music art ,1851 s, bell st Arligton Va,I HAVE 20 SOME PAINTING SHOW CALLED DC OVERLOAD ON SECOND FL b
365 no days off
Twitter is preventing my creative potential for this
68 days till I see my two favorite people!!! Let's hit fast forward please!
National Weather Service confirms a tornado touched down Tuesday in Scott County. For full details and photos see Thursday's News-Graphic.
#glee has
Mid-City CAN's youth group organizing the 1st D9 council debate. At Hoover High on May 23 at 5:30.
poo good to know, thanks!!! i'll check it out right now!
cuz things aint right (; Dale, close your eyes and pray.
Rep. Bob Filner has pledged to support the #nurses' proposal to #taxWallStreet!
Like to know moreRT : Q3 #libchat We're hosting a city-wide Teen Poetry Contest. Last year (our first) we had over 200 entries. :)
Stop n go on 670 through downtown loop, WB
Thanks! Glad to follow you as well :)
SAVE THE DATE: Feb. 26-28 is the All Tx Garden Show with Neil Sperry at Arlington Conv. Center, more info @ www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com!
and less than a day for me to head back to the ship! cc:
RT : U #FLT niggas just think y'all can do wat u want huh?<----you damn skippy
seriously? They are fucking ugly
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 27
another victim of the wedge!!
Perfect weather today... nice breeze, fresh cut grass, birds chirpin...
#FrancesTheMakeUpGuru : If your face looks like a giant grease ball due to your lack of OIL CONTROL MAKE UP. Nope. Just go. Take it off.
Set your sights high, the higher the better
Getting off at 12:30 on a school night<
I'm hungry too
THESE GIRL WILL NOT LAVE ME ALONE ANY ONE GOT ANY HELP I DONT WAANA BE A DICK BUT SHIT, But back THE HELL OF LADIES. im good for real!
I just saw a statement by the director which, in light of the endorsement today seemed a bit petty and confrontational.
Minister of Public Safety Highlights Online Tools for Emergency Preparedness Week - MarketWatch (press release)
#Browns are more than $30 million under the cap. CBA says they have to spend 99% of cap by middle of season...on who?
The Smiths >
YOU AMAZING DRUMMER BOY <3
#Irony Emo kids eating happy meals
Slap Junior and Graham Road Band will be here Saturday, May 19! Don't forget to stop by and see us!
Thanks for the follow Funmilayo! I like your quote. It's been 6 years since I "managed" that. Two guesses, why? :)
As is Chuck.
Web-Based E-Books for authors/publishers. Semi-custom application includes design, editing, e-bookstore, and single format HTML5 reading.
Second best tweet of the day? calling me & the SoMe Brat Pack.
Profeta introduced William Reilly, former head of EPA. He's talking about preponderance of scientific opinion vs. "lethargy" of people.
did i mention i hate all that banging electro shit. like all that #facemelting bass shit. Give me a hook. Give me some vocals. Let me 2step
Hoping to make it home in time for #gayYA chat tomorrow. But we'll see.
Oh, I see. Looks like he thew at Carlos Guillen?
Who knos what 2 do when ya account won't let u follow anymore ppl?
I'm so graceful for my life right now. My shaking right now.
Depends on where you live.
i'm not home right now but aftr 8 I'll text you
Wow there wasn't no fight at the dinner table today :3
“: #IfIwasPresident The penalty for driving slow in the fast lane...Death. Texting during a film..Death. have my vote bro!
Best use of keynote transitions award goes to
I remember how to do this. "Fire mission: Conservative in the open..."
Oo got a disipline essay! That's more writing I have to do..just because I flicked my pencil across the room!!! Gawwh
ah same here mann
Enjoying a benefit dinner w the fine folks at
Just keeps getting better!!!
Heard you guys just snagged Mr. Daniels, congrats! He's a good guy, glad to see he escaped the casino as well.
Wishing you all a Happy Valentines Day!
In Titanic's day about 80 million pieces of mail were handled by the Sea Post, via NY Harbor.
The upcoming Innovate! Pitch Slam events in Boston, Austin, and Los Angeles are the last cities in a 30-city world tour
Hugs, kisses and many thanks to and for making me look and feel beautiful today! Love you both!
This is a great week to be successful, especially with showing compassion!
Matt Light retiring. A fantastic player for the #Patriots for a decade. Good news for DEs and OLBs in the AFC East.
One of few friends That can get some sense into me ♥
oh my gosshhh you need to get out of my mind, like NOW ! O_o your one person i should not be thinking about at the moment..
Lol thats your boat nick name RT : MIGHT HAVE TO PUT "THE SENIOR CITZEN" (MY BOAT) ON THE WATER 2MARO
it does help. Lol. If Kevin can't do it, no one can!!
awesome! We'll look for your order! :)
finna record on dis beat wit me my bro n my otha niggas i might put out my mixtape next month
Just tried to wipe with my left hand. It was more pathetic than a deer trying to walk for the first time.
Uhmm.. You were talking shit about me in chemistry...
Was in Vail this weekend for the Vail Snowsports annual paperwork & training session. Great to be back in the mountains. Devo starts soon!
I-- I've been that GM. My god.
You are totally right! Nicely done!
i love ray ray.
World Peace said I don't shake hands with substitutes.
Happy Birthday Audrey Hepburn!
dam ur painting looks awesome !!!!!
When the winds of change blow, some people build walls and others build windmills. - Chinese proverb
By the by I'm in Portland, ME and this week I've learned to love being busy again.
STUDENTS, STAFF & FACULTY THE OPENING OF THE "NEW DINING HALL" IS HERE TODAY DURING COMMUNITY HOUR 2ND FL NEW BUILDING PLUS MUSIC AND FOOD!
Thank you for the support RT : Good luck. Rubio is a lifetime 1%, a corporate sellout. He is representing the wrong people.
hot as fuck....
I'm not surprised, either, at bone-headed decisions from NBC. But deeply disappointed.
I've been taking notes, tomorrow I will share some observations. #vegasbaby cc
Lol okay but only if it's just u
What's your favorite cowboys and indians song?
I'm sick.
sure whatz up
It's #FollowFriday! Show your support for #hospice care and local hospices by retweeting.
you ARE all of my #fairytales come true. Always have been always will be... I actually kept a straight face when I typed that too!
Happy New Year everyone. Lets make it great!
Just heard Miley Cyrus cover Bob Dylan. I think I'm going to be sick.
~ With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable. ~ Thomas Foxwell Buxton
Saw The #Raven tonight...meh # movies
sick and tired of being sick and tired
It's that time. Headed to the Cort house do what I do. Time to make things happen and make people upset lol hopefully not myself. Wish m
So glad found love!
oh ya? My office was right behind the flight line, noisy work environment but loved watching them take off & land ;)
Hey! You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ;) <3♥
At the book signing for and Juanita the weasel is here!!!!
where? “: Drugs<3”
Better to reach a goal early than late! Today HR FEN has reached 1,000 past events!!
matt damion says he attended public school from k-12
my bad peeps, ya boy been locked in Davy Jones Studio Locker but im back with more hits then u can count!!! S/O to my music lovers
Isla fisher and Amanda seyfried both pretaped the seven at MTV. Sorry fans
my employers contribution to my health plan is more than the penalty they would pay for not insuring me.
You're so right. Awesome.
Dear Yotes fans: YOUR team keeps fucking itself with an inability to keep level heads. Not the refs.
Just got $200.50 for some of my books. Oh hey wallet, you're feeling pretty good right now.
"Hey Wilson, are you a baller?" "What's that?"
You can't swing a dead cat with out _______ !
“ Pain makes you stronger, Fear makes you braver, & Heartbreaks make you wiser...”
Dear Intuit - please let the Mint gurus fix Quicken. Pretty please?
I got mine on Now if only they would send me the rug I bought 3 months ago....
I cheated & saw some photos Just wait it gets worse.
Oh umm idk :O and 10 i think? Cause you need to have 7 sentences in passe composse
10 Facebook Tips ; DEACTIVATE AND GET A TWITTER.
When your best friend ignores you<<<<<<<
Thanks Andrew! You're the man. :-)
Check me out on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,DOWN LOAD CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO ON YA ANDROID..ON TUNE IN RADIO APP
they not stale
I just got poster buddy in Boston! My jaw was on floor when I saw pic. Know how much they cost?
Were you wearing tennis shoes? They must have thought they were in Dallas...
Good Luck! RT : woohoo! So lucky. I have to wait until March.
Kiss cam. The Wave is out dated.
Intro Complete.....
thank you shasta :-)
help meh get more followers please:D
...So my interview went pretty good I guess:) So glad I knew the person who interviewed me though!
What's the liq read
Have you had any problems with the new bike traffic signal at N. Williams and Broadway in Portland?
Wonderful to be back home with all kinds of great global ideas to better serve our real estate community!
For once, "happy with nothing but the sweet F.A. of the night."
lol Ik (: I would want you to go!
amen to that
Heading out to Vegas tomorrow morning, then off to LA on Monday!
Thinking about making do dramatic readings of "Where the Wild Things Are" when he comes into today
Now you both need to shut the fuck up.
Currently being entertained attending a mandatory truancy workshop with daughter - she is having senioritis.
~~ Every experience, no matter how bad it seems, holds within it a blessing of some kind. The goal is to find it. ~~
Ayers: "We can make progress by embracing what we have been as well as what can become." Both/and, not either/or.
Doin big things rite now happy birthday boy!
True - might need to keep to a single theme, and it's hard to do that w/a crowd. Might be fun, tho - would be like jazz
Stop messing wit my head u do this evryday 
Skim the bad parts, sip joyfully the good ones.
Fellow Indies are my heart!
yeah just like ladies nipples get rocked on a thought were ready in the morning that's why morning sex rocks literally lmao!
With 3 buses running down Wisconsin, and a half hour between buses at 4 in the afternoon, this city is inaccessible to me.
- how does it feel to again lose to my team?
Yayyyaaa! :) We led at chapel/s this morn and are the guest band at FNL tonight.
Hi Mollie!!! Every time you talk about Phillip Phillips performances on Idol this season, your face blushes.
You need to expand your circle of tweeps. The tax guys in my list don't care @ maps, unless it signals a tax rate change.
good news: this "bad energy" is only hyper localized to whichever room she is occupying at any given time.
Thank you! It actually turned out great! We had quite a few people and everyone seemed to like the cake, lol!
“: I still can't figure out how anyone bought a zoo in this economy.” Or would spend the money to see a movie about buying one.
I did it, Michelle. You woulda been proud.
Going to help my uncle move from his 2nd floor apartment. Time to see if my back is ok. Wish me luck :s
One of those has to be the ONE.
I turn into a pumpkin at 10pm.
I started drinking at 2pm and got home at 2am. The shocking part is that I didn't do anything truly embarrassing or illegal.
that's gonna be a GREAT b-day gift!!
Oh YES I have! Man, I *still* remember Ron Howard's brother's scary smile on the VHS cover of ICM! And the bad guy from...
hi their doc
text me
Pray they miss! Our '95 tourney team faced same problem w/Ray Allen,Kevin Ollie UConn team. Not a good fellin...
Did she really just take a pic of #dogtheboungyhunter as he takes her husband to the slammer?
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 9
He think they should rehire Millen too? RT Drew Sharp Thinks #Lions Should Cut LeShoure & Fairley Because of Encounters w/ Weed
bo Caps, be lucky we like your music ;]
Today is a great day bc now you can officially listen to Cee Lo's "Fuck You" again without people saying, "I'VE HEARD THAT 6 TIMES TODAY"
There is something dead in the apartment. This is not good at all.
Agree! Communism destroyed our culture. #ShenYun's mission is to revive 5,000 years of divinely inspired Chinese culture.
If its commonly know that they're called "tramp stamps," then shy do girls still get them?
My internet is being dumb. Ugh.
Thanks for the RT duder. Been seriously trying to get my work out there.
thanks for the follow! I can't wait to view your work! I shoot mostly in Delco. Check me on Facebook/camseaphotography!
Ok go swimming with one. lol
What's the point of having it all without the person you love? - A. Keys
Being grounded suck assasssssssssssasssssss
Bitches I am cool, is my fan. *lol I wish*
Give a man a blintz, and he'll eat for a day. Teach a man to blintz ...
During his six years as our State Senator, Marty Golden has gained a solid reputation of getting things done for Brooklyn.
Check out the City of Glendale's new website: RT : The City of Glendale Welcomes You! www.WelcomeToGlendale.com
Witty follows:
Nice! Yeah, I know Viral is active with HLAA DC.
If having Wendy Christensen and Mike Farr in town wasn't enough, surprise guest at SOUNDPIECES last night was Machinedrum! dope dope dope
#20thingsaboutme ; uhm. my favorite clothing brand on me is Hollister & American eagle.
thanks for following us !
Hot Fries > Takis . All day !!
AFTER PROM PARTY AT THE HURRICANE MCDONALDS! EVERYONE'S WELCOME!
Thanks, LaVonda! Will check out your short story.
do you want to liven it up? :P YOU CAN GO ON IT ANYTIME YOU WANT. dm me a password and i'll change it ;)
oh thats #mature!!
as far as it went. I feel more of an interaction with the brand on twitter than FB.
RT Shoulder blades sound way more awesome than they are.
Who wants to teach me how to golf? ⛳
lol no worries. I sent DM
Sellin a hp pavillion dv4 notebook pc with a belkin fan..message me offers..
Absolutely! RT : Food = easiest way to someone's heart! haha
OK, I'm not giving #Pacers enough credit. Mainly #Heat reaction. I've been watching #Pacers all year & they're a solid, well coached group.
Happy birthday, ! (with like 5 minutes left) hope it was awesome?
was gettin' it at prom. haha.
Het Tom give me the scoop on the Fa Packers will pick-up.Any chance Forte if he holds out long enough?
Used to be me!
just to replace my fuel pump some shop wants to price gouge me.uggghhh used fuel pump at that gotta watch out.
picking up the kitchen, bathing kids, and cleaning the house... all of the duties of a world changer!
Haha...sorry about that! I need Social Media Goddess to teach me a thing or to about how to use Twitter. D'oh!
RT : Awesome weekend ahead with the Event, Adams Family at , mother's day and then off to Spain on...
EPIPHANY: #Crew96 being dead last in the WORLD in weekly avg salary is almost exactly what Zak Bernardo meant by "Massive."
Hard to say. Kennedy, I suspect, is the swing vote.
Haha! Thank you. Just for that I will send you a deep fried gumball. Or margarita. Whichever sounds more appetizing.
My birthday is less than two days away. I don't want to get older.
“: A "Tebow" is when you're awful most of the game, but win it at the end anyway. A "Lebron" is the complete opposite”
Parenting essentially a combination of unappealing jobs: waiter, short-order cook, janitor, personal assistant. Not quite what I expected.
When a girl is as much a bulls fan as me or more. + 15 points
Ok boo! You can call me for anything. I'm m serious.
John Hollinger says Derek Fisher could be bought out. Would you want the Miami Heat to sign the veteran point guard?
OOooohhh… shiny new platinum debit card… cause I'm so responsible… ._.
I. Need To Go Down Atlanta Man
I haven't had twitter on in forever! But I do still send tweets to it..... Weird..... Lol. Well who want's to talk? C:
One word (twice). Phillip Phillips
5/10/1950: Jackie Robinson appears on the cover of Life. He was the 1st African American featured on the cover in the mag's 13 yr history.
i will go almost anywhere o find where i belong #hercules <3
New post to come on http:/www.stephanieishere.com workin' on the HUMP from hell for this life challenge but I'm lovin' it!
Got a film to promote?Send us the link to your trailer with hashtag #GSIFF and we will re-tweet
So pissed! Itunes started to download something I didn't want and it deleted my library and everything on my ipod! Just done
Stay hydrated to lessen your sensitivity to allergens indoors & out. Drink hot tea to alleviate symptoms post-workout.
I hope to hear a happy bday from my alley cat and one from my siss I wud b a very very happy kitten!
No matter how bad ur week has been, at least it is never as bad as the first 2 minutes on any LAW & ORDER!
love the jumps up and down - we'll be doing some jumping around that night to keep warm, too! ;)
Top typos in resumes, thanks to overreliance on spell check: "principle" for "principal", "manger", "lead" for "led".
Richards is awesome.
CAROLYN shoots for OLD NAVY tomorrow! Stay tuned for updates on Carolyn as she cuts her first album!!
(I peed all over his luggage at the baggage claim tho so it's all cool)
im sorry. But I think right now im going to think about me. Even if it might not be the right choice in other peoples eyes
No i would never.(:
"The person that works the hardest, wins"
Me too! The most/potentially only thrilling part of clips is the insider knowledge I gather on all the agency's teams+clients!
NEW TWITTER NAME!!!
Get yo hate down and get yo weight up
When people have staring issues. Got a problem?
#vmworld3word No PIN, Signature!
ha we love you too lady
#FF #Follow: , , , alongside myself at #HurricaneOReillys for one of #Boston's top Fridays!
I think the photo looked great. Really natural. Very nice!
Vampires Everywhere! have a cover of Nirvana's "Rape Me" on their next album. The jokes will begin in 3....2...
Vietnam vet I know walked off the plane in Da Nang in '69; reeked like a garbage dump in summer, he said, "We just land back in Jersey?"
I BELIEVE WILL CHOSE VERY WELL AND THAT THEY WILL ALWAYS BE IN LOVE, THE WAY WILL AND HARRY'S MOTHER LONGED TO BE.
How have you been celebrating National Women’s Health Week?
I want some!
thank you : )
if the black man would step up, the black woman would not have 2 b so strong.60%+ black kids grow up without a dad in the home
Definitely deserves some cash for that performance. The percussion was a game changer.
it's a hard life we live, ain't it? :-)
Grand Slam!!! Surrender the series now Mets and make it easier on yourselves.
Two ways we approached it. One was to place ads in strategic metro areas. Multi-post was shut down in 2008
wish a happy birthday. He turns 23 today. :)
Posted on da block like a lightpole.
My mommys sick :(
I don't think the porn industry wants to be associated with the original movie.
Oh yea, on the Dean's list again! Told my mom and she got super happy. Umm happy early mothers day! Haha
Merry Christmas to my favorite commentator of all time, best wishes to you and your family, you are an awesome guy!!
no but I could I just like the name u know plus was my 8th follower :( Idk if he will follow me again :(
I need to bring my grades up of I lose my concert tickets and my new golf clubs...
She's the man!
Get buy one get one deals at several yogurt places with your California VIP Card! Call to get yours today! 619.226.1121
Go go with light gloves: you're F I N E!!!
Infiniti of Denver Weekend Finance Special! 2.99% up to 72 Months back to 2003 on all used cars.
RT ": I WANNA GO ON A DATE, damn ITS BEEN AWHILE...WiTH A GUY ANYWAYS LMAO"
Yes! There will be Taeyeon!
"Keegan Bradley" sounds like someone that shouldn't be a good PGA Tour player, yet he's killing it again
Banged out that test thanks to 👍
Not really what I wanted to hear when I walked in the house
"Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you." -Matt 7:7
Def not just social. Websites are so key: what's the place about, when is it open, how can I support?
It's amazing how small issues and frustrations become when I lay down to talk to God at night. Makes me realize how blessed I am
Someone called!!! RT : Model dude with a Hollywood smile *Frank Ocean Voice*
Lost my wallet, like really?
I missed the other films but I'll be there for "On Tour" tonight...
Just went for a run lol always make me feel better about myself :]
Many of us are already walking in our dream if we had the eyes to see
OK! And did u peep in that video?!
so I was cleaning my room and I still have your The Maine poster. I need to see you before you go off to school!
training with the #40YdDash package would get me under 6 in the 40!
Do The White Thing
Heey . What's Gucci? :)
#Padres Home opener today. Who's heading out?
it's college day you rere
fair enough.
my sunday morn has already included multiple gwen guthrie and patrice rushen jams
writing center / discussion leader / grader
I just saw Limitless with the wonderful a great evening and a great movie!!!
Kevin Na wears the chemical element symbol for sodium on his sleeve. Awesome
Be assured, if you walk walk with Him and look to Him, and expect help from Him, He will never fail you. -George Mueller
Pretzel roll from #wholefoods is like, so good right now.
End of the first, Delaware and Lindenwood scoreless.
To cute kids on 4 train: i want to rescue you!
Today my dad went to the neurologist... Glad he's starting to do better
hey , hold three books for me, , and , eh?
u still got it ...yo wut part in ny u live in?
David Bowie is such a boss
see you guys soon!!!
Journalists think the iPod might change newspapers, but won't it change tv even more? Almost any show instantly available adfree on netflix?
New Bears GM wraps up busy, unusual draft
I'm about to replay it haha
if you tweet at eachother one more time I'm unfollowing both of you.. It's getting outta hand
get rid if cable
I can't stand money may but everything he says is the #truth guy works hard n deserve to be where he at
people hanging from rope out the window
Had a dream that I was in a candy eating contest.30 seconds and as much candy as possible.I won a 4 year old punched me I puked all over him
I can't love myself Love doesn't exist.Whatever brings people together isn't love Love is stupidity, or selfishness,or fear
It came a day early! Thank you!
This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership
You're a tool just looking for another sap story, glad i'm that much of a threat.
GO TO THE BANK AND GET YOU SOME MONEY!! LOL
#UArts Open House today! RT : Even though Its raining, today's going to be a good day
#survivor time ... #onceuponatime is a repeat tonite
That "Gotham City" Bout to drop bitch niggas!!!
Night Dreamers neo-soul, jazz jam session tonight , 10pm. FREE. Only the illest of musicians!
<- This girl is very stoked! ": Say WHAT?! Our new record "Close the Distance" come out August 14th?!!!! Who's stoked?!"
We'll pick up the #revideo chat next week with a discussion on real estate video distribution strategy and tactics!
Somebody Kill the Radio, interactive work by David Sanchez Burr April 6-28th. ChChCheck it out. Opening Reception: April 14th, 6p-9p
ABSOLUTELY. its a good thing trust me.
Going to work on a studio update all night for you all! :) With maybe a preview or two of the songs we recorded ;) just maybe!
You're SO hysterical and talented. You have to start getting paid for it. I'm sure Hundreds of Thousands of fans agree! :)
tweet me people!!!!
R.I.P. Robert Sherman
Thank you for the follow. Long live the Arts!!!
#hungergameschatuplines hey wanna make a district 14 w/ me?
please follow me!
my grammy! And yes she was. Lol
Hoping the weather holds out on Sunday!
Where my Todds at?
Not all clowns are at the "circus".....just look around!
Today I showed a #bbcmeettheromans clip to my 6th grade Latin students. , you are now a hero to my class of girls.
Wait Since Dwntwn Is Shut Dwn Is Da Lake Front Open ???
Oh no! I am out of hot glue sticks!
RT : LEARN WHAT NOT TO DO...This is for all of us - mistakes which entrepreneurs make that leads to doubts and......
please do
he still is!! Lol
Not good ...more fire trucks headb south
how old are you ? lol
MAKE IT HAPPEN...
It's just that, to me, blogging is more about writing than clicking reblog on something you vaguely relate to.
Working on 's 7th floor? There is currently a reference librarian available to help you up there! #umbc #roving librarian
"Calling someone fake won't make you real" well that's not true, because if your saying what you think your being real..
In case you are thirsty, and have the Ontario Coast IPA available as a sneak peak right now. Go get some!!!
LKY Treatment Salon is a God send! Our kids school had an outbreak and they were awesome!
your ass never texts me either. :o
So glad the #SWAG and #YOLO phase is almost over...
Oh Jazzy :/
In floridia got here 30 minutes ago
City CarShare office is closed tomorrow, Feb 20. Emergency and roadside assistance are available through our Emergency Line (415)786-7468.
Can't wait . been a fan since the age of 8 and i gotta say u used the gift god gave as well as changed lives . Thanks B
Wrong Dirty Diana. I haven't been to Applebee's in years.
I have finally formulated my definition for Existentialism- Mix of Ultra-Cultural Positivism with Sentimental Mental Anesthesia ...Agree?
I remember crying on 's bed with Gaby to Never grow up... lmao aawwww
So I'm a few weeks late, but props to for their Project Mannequin campaign - love the blogger engagement and outfits!
Pickup dates are filling up fast! Sign up today and reserve your space
Yes...in a bass-ackward kind of way! Ha!
I have 3 hours of film to go through before I sleep tonight, choosing clips for the web. At Star$, but left earplugs at home. Decatur-bound.
tonight theme is #SweetTooth on
YES!! They look so good! Really intense too
I respect nice things
Oh fine, I'll be serious then - what kind of video are you working on?
cough cough yeah its water
I swear this old man is following me everywhere I go! If he does one wrong move, the rest of his teeth gon me on the floor! On me I promise
hahaha real talk !
Wow so many great ideas here, we are working on many of them!
FYI last year duke and uk had the same number of one and dones. Are duke fans idiots too?
thank you for always being so supportive of us!! Wish you could be here!!
Did anyone else see the post on fb of a girl talking about shooting vinny and all the details of everything! OMG!but vinny i safe now
I HATE A JEALOUS NIGGA
i love you, JenJen!! :)
Welcome to the family!!! #UC2016 RT : just confirmed my admission!!! I'm coming to UC in august!!!!!! :D
#IAlwaysWonderIf aliens are real... That shit would be gnarly.
#mobile2012 sessions include "Why Every Teacher Should Become an App Creator" and "Inquiry-Based App Activties for Elementary."
guilty... *hides*
i love you are candy baby, hot
I come before her
I wanna drink my orange juice but I just brushed my teeth D:
This is some corn on the cob weather we're dealing with tonight.
today is a day for New Years wishes, right?! We wish, we wish ... for a listing in the Houston Press!
Getting back into Naruto Shippuden, so good=]
Thought of u a billions times today and each time I caught myself smiling.
Hope your stay is going well !
nah just cleaning
nice hit although he could have been called for a helmet to helmet
not coming out tonight. Will be out tomorrow for lunch.
tonight!!! Bout to laugh my ass off.
but rachael :c
the funny thing is that I just woke up on my couch. And thought my last final today was at 11. Just looked it 945
#pmasetest with colleagues preparing for an online information session for GATech's online applied systems engineering master's degree
You not illa I'm Godzilla on hard liquor
I know is very busy & can't reply 2 everyone,hope he C's my tat dedicated 2 him 4 inspiring me 2 always beli ...
Thanks, Kyle! This was on my commute to work and there was so much smoke, I couldn't see a thing... pretty scary.
It was adorable when you were in your twenties. Not so cute anymore now that you're pushing thirty.
Lol you saw that too? RT : on his twitter game this morning lol
1,000 ways to die baffles me.
Hey there Lee. Where are you living these days? And I can't wait for some more music.
time warner cable better get their shit together before I take out my pent up frustrations on one of their customer service representatives
Are you close to returning? Its not the same without you!
So who's paying for this #rhoa in Africa outing?
I think I'm gonna go buy some brown dye for my hair.
(Me = hardcore genealogist + web dev + data dork + former data journalist at a newspaper -- so I feel your pain.)
Such a beautiful day. So far, we have been so lucky this winter. Keep up the good work Mother Nature!
time to start getting scholarly. cracking open a book this week
Happy 40th to Forman Twins! Lowell will not be the same!
Bought my $3 tickets from Albertsons for June 14.
Why you so thick ma!?
Am I pregnant and not showing or just really sick - Pregnancy Question
will you ever follow me? #HungerForUnger! :D
Thank you for the RT!
#Researchers to follow:
have a safe and wonderful trip!
#BestBreakUpExcuses I No speaKa English anymore
CTIA was awesome! Saw a lot of cool stuff. We hope to be attending CES. The cellhelmet was received well with all that saw it
How about U of I guy Brian Cook?....only MUCH worse RT : I'm thinking more Josh McRoberts
is packing for Palm Springs! Tan lines or bust baby!
I get that different prism, in fact, sports narrative plays up the difference, even when the facts don't support
Your soo random
thx. For some reason i thought chargify used salesforce.
gotta get that youth vote
been on Outlook 2011 since August, never any problems like what you have.
ShoutOut Everyone Follow Him/Her
First tweet in... Foreva.
EARTH SPACE SCIENCES INSTRUCTOR POOL (ADJUNCT ...
What's the number?
guys? Once they get huge, all of a sodden they are to good for people who are poor and trying to make it.
...Yesterday, a pregnant woman completed the Chicago Marathon...then gave birth hours later to a baby girl: es.pn/pDYe2x
clear your cache + cookies + re-login.....
time to climb the payday ladder
Our GD cat is out in the rain and now we can't find her, she is in for a wet night! :(
In the studio doing what I love to do
oof, better at least. Beer plus cocktail plus pizza. Maybe just bed early now to get this day over with.
hello from SoCal. Thanks 4 the follow.
Happy Charter Day to the Xi Eta Lambda Chapter in The Woodlands, TX! Keep holding high the name good brothers! 06
Nashville is where it's at!
Whos going to EDC this year?!!
RT : RT : Favre's final pass for the Falcons, Packers, Jets, and Vikings were interceptions.
is the mj experience a fun game?
Filming Day #3 of the feature film "BROOKLYN BREACH" all day today!Good stuff! Filming ABC's TV Primetime Show "WHAT WOULD U DO?" Wednesday!
Memo to UK: USA at work. Repeat. USA at work. End.
And I say the same thing every time... You da best.. Best I ever had
Heat turn ing up the defensive intensity?
Up Bright And Early!! #LaundryDay !!!
...mainly cuz u found me so many acapellas...
Gosh , am I really that funny ? :D
I bELIve! Let's do this!
Since I'll be living on the street and no job. Hope and Change didn't work! And I didn't even vote for the bastard!!!
Can't wait to get home and relax to some !
appreciate the #FF love!
Sent you email (let me know don't get it). Tried DM (but can only send to accts that follow me). Talk soon!
oh i'm straight, never better haha
4 hours!!!and counting
My angel had to get 5 shots today....I almost cried
just saw this..dude ur ridonkulos. Why u why u
Slept in, no ride again this AM.
just want to publicly say that rocks! Interface is very friendly & been able to sych my Mac, work (Windows) & iPhone helps
how big is the crowd today
voiceovers are the best i'm excited.
Perfect weather for groovin on the patio. Enjoy sounds of the 60s. Vintage cocktails served. 2nite
Listening into 's webinar (#Gov20 - Where Are We Now and Where Are We Going) while I work...
no clue. Not watching just getting updates on my phone. I don't get a chance to watch too much being a trucker.
Continue to take chances..you never know
the movie Ramona and Beezus is so sweet but so sad. :(
follow me on instagram
That Mills guy played good on tonight's game. Spurs take another win.
FLO! We hope to see you xoxoxox
The end of that Sixers game was insane. Doug Collins fists in the air was just awesome.
Free events & materials @ the library RT : #FF #ElPaso things to do else?
Happy Easter, all. Have a blessed day!
Does Christina ever wear pants anymore? lol
Every time I Eat Skittles I Think Of && Lol :D
Voter drive marathon weekend!
At Univ Chas Energy Symposium with David Porges, CEO of EQT Corp being interviewed ...
any new year's/new year's eve events planned? possible to reserve an area in your tasting room?
LOVE YOUR POSITIVE MESSAGE REV, I JUST WANT TO SAY THANK YOU
My son wants to see the blacksmith segment... Are you posting that one to your Facebook? He lives in Baraboo.
Thank you Isaac, for being part of #MSU #track #longjumper All the best to you! #SpartanNation support &
Yay you gotta a girl friend!!!!! -hug- wait.........no hug! girlfreind right! bwaha.......eh you make my ass hurt. nite
clap clap! Clappity Jones!
My t-shirt accidentally matches my pedicure. Bright teal. I reserve the right to find this hilarious. #librarianfashion #umwhut?
sad story
#MSC2011 preparing for the trip to Nashville. Just left TIE conference in Colorado. Excited to learn from experience.
I had a shotgun wedding and a laser tag divorce.
I have a new found respect for my MIL. Who am I???
Got Tweets?
Wooohoooo Have fun Ronnie! FYI- We expect our lanes to be very busy tonight since our 3rd floor is reserved for a private party.
Look for partner sites that are strong algorithmically and personally, says
On my way home..
much love from hawaii \m/
Warren Haynes tore it up tonight...
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very thankful for those who follow PC!
This just in: GloZell has ONE DIRECTION INFECTION!!!!!! Welcome to the family Glo!!
EPIC night tonight. Got some awesome collaborations in the works!!
England rolls over Brazil 29-5. #1 ranked New Zealand making their debut 2012 against Auatralia. Crowd is pumped for match!
Been in the studio all week , Uploading beats now
I'm Retired From The Fitted Game, all I do is Tweet Now......... is dead, Its the New So what is Twitter?
Bellafitness09- changing the world one beautiful person at a time. Website coming soon!
I am
HELLO New JERSEY. (Watching You've Got Mail.)
Bottom line: Can't worry about Ovechkin getting suspended or fined or whatever. Just have to hope NYR play their game.
tks so much!!
Hey, I'm just 5 followers shy of 3K. Suggest me to a friend interested in #interfaith, #atheism, #humanism, #LGBT or, uh, y'know, tweets?
Ive had the hunger games books for two months and I'm still on the first book on the second page;P
Diet Pepsi LOL RT : And a cold diet coke! :) RT : All we need is LOVE, sweet, sweet love ;)
Extreme nausea is exactly what I needed in my life today :\
O O O O Na na na na You make me sing La la la la Love is a song Your heart beats the rhythm Your soul sings the melody
Thank u Miki. Appreciated! She was amazing and was also my friend :))
Seriously. DTW is a Delta hub, I fly them everywhere.
Pondering ways to get back into a writing routine. And to start meditating. The afternoon lull is making it hard to put together thoughts.
Alright fuck it, I'm just going to chill in my office.
Ah! a blessing beyond all fate My sole mate 'tis my soul mate.
I'm curious. What does the word "e-cycling" mean to you?
Then there's retro-acculturation, Latinos that are reconnecting w their roots and have turned from Hispanic to Latino, like me.
First 5k race in a while. Nothing like feeling the endorphines !!
is #TheyLive the one with Rowdy Roddy Piper? Is so, I love that movie!
Last night, oldest daughter asked for help on her Economics homework. Heck yes! Finally something I can actually help with.
Ever notice there is no Bunny on the See and Say? It's because the only sound they make is horrible squeal when a fox is eating them alive.
The celtics is def taking that serious
#whosgonnalose - International Bowl / USF v N. Illinois - N. Illinois will lose
Just now hearing of the Killer Swan in Illinois. How bizarre.
cant. gotta do science letter. lol
That moment when you think tweeted you but it's actually with her "jc caylen lol" name -_- lol.
I got so many messages that you mentioned me this morning! I'm famous for a day! Yay!
I feel i have barely any followers. Because I dont. Follow ? (;
Technically speaking, millipedes and centipedes both can reach up to 12in > DeMarcus should make a dick pic list.
How is UCR data useful?
#followfriday Peter Baker - photographer for Michigan
Doesn't really matter what Boehner is threatening. As we saw in the last showdown, he doesn't control his caucus.
In order to be a boss you have to be a student first.
:) thx but sticking w/LIS MT :Notetaker Andrea at #iDigBio is so fast she could digitize everything singlehandedly in 10 yrs
Happy New Year Tweety Pies!! Let's make 2012 the best year ever!!!
I'm sure you'll get a ton of looks!
I love how randomly calls me to keep me awake.
Jacque Patterson just made an informal announcement of his candidacy for Kwame Browns At-Large seat which will b vacated @ Buddha Bar
I'd be a rapper but I say the N word to much, it just wouldnt work.
Law of Success #1: Have a definite chief aim. Set a goal and stick to it. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 4 hours.
Chill Mode ! #JERZATHON !
Last stop for #atxunscripted at and they hung our flyer in the door!
Only if he has a cape. Woosh. 💨
nice! Yeah I've done the thrift store thing in the past, but I don't feel like hours of going thru old stuff. Good call on ebay!
Ref shielded from play makes that charge call? Huh?
Happy birthday!!!
You that dude man....
I'm glad you came.
word! Bluebird May 16th. See ya then???
- i love it when you text me, acting as if everythings okay.. we both know i'm done playing these games. i'm done!
Always up for skinny dipping!
Thanks for the #FF!
somthing I'm not :)
Dimmy suggested we pretend to be sausage and vegetarian pizzas to sneak on to a domino's semi trick. Foolproof plan
It's all about da 🙌 hurricanes all day
go to cheeeeech in there.
Braun won, Braun won!!!!! #Brewers #Braun Let the games begin!!! Congrats
watching Live with Kelly. Mark Ruffalo is sort of weird
lmao! Ohh no well I'll see u up here well actually u just walked in so nvm lol
oh cool!!! what movie?:)
RIP You will be truly missed by everyone.
Tell ur boyfriend if he says he's got beef that I'm a vegetarian and I ain't fuckin scared of him!!
Yep. And the excuse machine RT : Bulls twitter mafia will now focus their efforts on hating the Heat... w/ ya salty asses lol
Thank U friend!!!
#ASOT550 From all your friends in Chicago, IL USA
Happy Record Store Day! Going to support our local record shops!
Wondering how I got here
Karloff's Thriller (DVD IEF 252) - background music mixes cool jazz vibes, muted mallet toms, quizzical woodwinds, while drama lags.
Thanks! Amen.
woah dawg, if it's that easy, can we hang out? I already have your number!
RT : Despite clearly objecting to the rule & even later filing a dissent, Member Hayes chose not to make any vote on the NLRB...
#Tea made from willow #bark was an ancient remedy for #arthritis. The secret: the bark contains salicylic acid or
hahahahaha yeah that guy is chill with his suspenders and hat
#ilookforward to boating, beaching it, and diving into the lakes!
what better canary-in-the-mine than rational democratic leader of a soon-to-vanish sea level nation?
#SMBMAD #UWSocial if you want to hear it all, preschedule your heckle tweets - then soak up the knowledge. And please take pic!
Goodnight besos for my loves 
Come to the Polpar Lounge tonight #Memphis Comedy will be going Down! With ME and a hell of a lot more.
With our commitment to #BusinessLink, we pay close attention to our business customers & their needs. Call #MelloyDodge at 888-760-4136.
Would a Penzey's gift certificate in his name be sufficient?
The traffic Gods in LA hate my soul every single day.
Thank you for the shout out! Hopefully I can be a guest on your show soon!
Native Remedies has a natural remedy for all your needs, With over 250 herbal and homeopathic natural remedies
RT : Let's all take a moment to say a little prayer for this noisy, fractured, tempest-tossed republic of ours.
Costner gave Whitney the opportunity of a Lifetime
good defense by world whatever the fuck he is. no elbows this time.
Bitch My Name Ring Bells #Ding Ding
Happy Birthday !!!! I hope you have a fantastic day :]
How did i know there was going to be an arguement before bed...
Question of the day: who was the very first rapper to come out on a trap beat
check my band and I out tonight on channel 9 and 2 news at 9, 10 and or 11 pm tonight!!! Happy news years everybody!
Finna go act a fool wit ...lmao
I voted so many times for for 's 2011 breakthrough artist that it told me to 'cool off.' nbd.
What I love about my family is that I k is they will always have my back
Yaaay . Three days til spring break
: Last minute #Mother'sDay Gift Idea for a foodie: Microplanes make great gifts!
Anytime, as journals keep me organized as well. P.S. They also help with writing ideas.
yes mam, hopefully they put me on ;)
It's not "the" answer but can be used to help engage the learners.The real motivation is having a need to learn
glad to hear that! I'm moving to CT in 2 weeks--working at Yale!
Oh shi- glad to see #TeamFollowBack is still alive :D
correct let me know. Late start 9pm?
One of life's small pleasures: To enjoy the smell and feel of freshly washed sheets to sleep by. Night, Tweeples.
Let the meetings begin.
OH: "Thom Yorke is the pope of Indie people"
The biggest human temptation is to settle for too little. ~Thomas Merton
Thanks for the RT Hope you got some good lunch today!
how can you forget about that! That album is classic!
you're so sweet. Yes it's me ;)
=P we won suck it!!! Lol
Was at the park with ma bff and stank lol stank tried to hurt ma baby
Happy Easter!
will try! I thought the lv office had a big project... that sucks!
This week at school is going to feel like forever!
You're welcome! :)
What's up ray haven't spoken with you in a long time. Congrats on your business life.
Tavy should be showing up anytime now...
sorry hun. Always catching w u when I can. And always looking forward seeing u.
GRRR too much going on!!!!!
Time for bedd(: Night!
I wanna be in your family !! Or at least borrow Memommy !!
you sure about that ? Wasnt that when the president of the Nation was caught getting head by an intern?
I hate when people ask what you are doing just so they can say what they are doing.
Moving along...I guess... #Shame :-/
totally! The duets this year have been out-of-control good, and the judges are soo much more interesting on the voice.
'Dancing With the Stars': Two couples to be ejected Tuesday - Orlando Sentinel (blog)
No Winner yet
"Viffer, portrait of a serial killer" fantastic line, definitely nailed his... Unusual look.
Ready to make my greatest contribution to so far. Let the game begin.
seeking bookings in Europe July-October 2012. email
the +Motel6 ModMusicHostels can trade shelter+pancakes for artist showcase/new talent tours nationwide.
yes my On Demand will keep any episode of NCIS that airs even if it is a repeat so like tuesdays will be there for 3 weeks.
Drake dropping the George Strait reference makes me wonder why I'm not listening to more Drake.
this at least makes sure that they at least start interviewing to get their name out there.
I want to review toilet paper. Just because I'm not sure if anyone else has & if so, I want to join them. :)
#TheVoice ended tonight's show a good way; saving the best for the last!
Shout out to the dudes living in they mom's basement that gonna ask her for money for the club tonight.
We love the mild #winter too.
Be nice Lydia. :)
Reminder: Due to the May 8th elections the Conservatory will be closed & the Sunken Garden will be open from 5-9pm.
Mission: sell hope of a sustainable way out of poverty
Planning the upcoming year of Bloody Brunches next Monday....if you have any suggestions, please send 'em our way! We do this for YOU! :)
that looks surprisingly like a nuclear silo map
lol I really do listen most of the time, oh well..
so there won't be anymore seasons?
I worry about this kid in 5 years. This is gonna be either a lot of hazing or a lot of high-fives >> Bravo Time magazine. Bravo.
I cannot wait to move! And for a new better paying job. I hate waiting for progression.
Congratulations Adele, but I kind of wish someone else would win something once in a while. *cough* Bruno Mars *cough*
ok u comin for real??lmao
Also why won't Scioscia play Bourjous CF, Trumbo LF, and Trout RF?! That is the makings of an epic outfield trio. Damn it Sosh!!!
#GreatTimesAreComing when the Giants beat the Patriots tomorrow!!!!
. just melted everyone's brains re payments & currency w as a banking "system reset" {f*ck!}
bringing leftovers into work. You can taste it yourself!
Need a better door lock. Suggestions?
Bitches hoes money cars n clothes
In my next life, I'm coming back as I love that guy.
Should I laugh or cry? Or both?
At the AT&T Center for the Rampage hockey game. Our oldest's school choir will sing National Anthem.
my lil sis got swag without even trying.....
"we have everything to make bourbon nutella milkshakes...except for bourbon"
no doubt
My car has a 3.8L engine. This urinal has a 3.8L flush.
A big St. Patty's (Paddy's?) Day welcome to Scott!! Thanks so much for stopping by! Have a great day!
Oh sorry my phone was on silent :/
The move might actually be sleep. Peace.
Thanks for following us back Ana!! Check out our music when you get a chance :)
Don't let a little rain ruin your day. Come enjoy a Summer Shandy.
I honestly think Bad Robot is the Pixar of live action films.
The GRAND prize for the student that walked at least 2 laps and collected the most money WINS the I-Pad! Good Luck!
Y'all know hard workin criminalz
The new post will be up Friday or Saturday, I will updating the blog weekly again since the season is in less than a week!
ah me too! I can't wait to see that little creature! ♥♥
Prediction: Sometime somewhere somehow Trump will discover that the way for him 2 get more of spotlight & publicity will be to “fire” Romney
Tonight : 4th Wednesdays at The Get Down, 701 South Bond St Baltimore MD 21231
Race results posted, and I'm totally blown away: 5K 25:59 - a PR by 19 seconds. half 1:59:10 - a PR by 6 minutes, 40 seconds.
I do too. Your body mistakes the lowering of your blood pressure and pulse for death and freaks out. #ithink Happens to me
Bible there is no text in my inbox!
Boy if u think u playin me... Im ahead of the game lol
One Week til India Peace Exchange 2011! have you seen our new web site? www.createpeaceproject.org pledge peace if you're inspired!
beer is the best drink
Sometimes I ❤ Twitter and sometimes I'm profoundly indifferent toward it. Wavering between both today.
that was my guess but only happens at night.
I like this hashtag. ": Joey's play at first tonight = true #Cincinnatitude "
And favorite duet is Don't You Want Me by The Human League. =)
“: “Money will buy you a pretty good dog, but it won't buy the wag of his tail."” bacon will.
I sent you an e-mail via your website (couldn't reply to your DM because you are not following ... yet. : )
Great service this morning at Life Church!
iThink I'm officially addicted to this shit .
Maybe the new UWM AD will get a football team going.
What's mine is yours and yours is mine so take me away
exactly, you're only as good as your last performance, and magical been killin.
plenty o drama. Shame the match will be remembered for it.
Fremont...will have to look on a map. :-)
I swear is high!
I have the hunger as well. October is not too far in the future...
Careful you don't get sick. It's best to ease back into meat after such a lengthy time away.
Hey you listening? $39 for your low level HGTV paint - C'mon man gimme a break!
Chris Faith performing LIVE Thursday, February 2 Flat Shoals Ave , East Atlanta, GA 30316 Show starts at 9pm be there....
Idea for superhero: The Seeker (real name Tommy Quadrophenia). Deaf, dumb and blind kid with the power of ROCK. And pinball wizardry.
Never fall in love with someone who doesn't love you back...!! It's not a good feeling ....
We'll put it up on the podcast 98pxy.com. ty for listening
thankya! I hope to check out some other spots in Asia while there:D :) (and I'm still envious of your Greece adventure!)
What a strange world we live in when George Clooney being arrested makes the situation in Sudan front page news
Do you have any holiday specials? Let us know about them!
will I kissed a vampire be playing in NY state? im dying to see it but havent found info. also will u do any promo? lmk plz
“: And that's that. Pens got their asses handed to them fair and square.” ps PHL says thanks for the inspiration, #goon rocked!
RT : Dear Filly, #RBNY is going to doop on your filthy city 12:30p (maybe 12:40 because of commercial sponsorship
HAPPY FRIDAY ! Still struggling with that 10 key? Call us and get some relief! #magnalogix hosted predictive dialer 866-460-6611
what time we fishing yo?
“Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass… it’s about learning to dance in the rain." Vivian Greene
Thx for the RTs! Have a great week!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BESTEST FRIEND I hope you have a good one. love you and miss you!
Where are you off to?
I hate having to go to the coop for gas
can't tell if i'm actually craving fried rice, or i only want it because it's become one of my comfort foods :/
I'm just a bad mudddafucka ! 😝
sereuslly make my day.
Yea follow them they're funny sometimes... Wanna come through tomorrow for the Ranger game?
Learn the difference between wants and Needs!
Haha Maybee(; but I Changed my username now
you sure you haven't been taken over by the man? :-P
You're rude ! Selfish ! Mean ! & you're a BIT** (to camel) Love ABBY ELIZABETH BLAUVELT.
I use Alien Bees. But if you already have the right Nikon or Canon and an external flash? you can trigger the flash remotely.
start what?
Tommorow they're going to be in California(; And next week she's going to be in Florida I think? Check their Facebook page!
Followed her ♥
Don't worry. They just hate you cause they ain't you. (:
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
Thanks!...love to hear it : ) Hope you have a beautiful Holiday Season!
Know a fun way to cure you of your boredom ;)
We made some good headway on Saturday and are definitely over the halfway mark now for the new album. We're excited to finish.
That friend that calls u on occasion instead of just texting >
Hope the presentation went well! I'll be reluctantly cheering for your Giants Sunday, but only cause I despise the Pats more
Haha because I realized that I had to babysit today! Haha
Finally back home in the Boro. We had a great weekend and want to thank for having us out. Hope to come back soon!
I favorite tweets to look at the links later then I forget...
Yes you need to then I can come visit. Loved living in Europe. :)
Always a delicious choice. RT : Screaming Tuna to start the night. Nommmm
Wishing everyone and fun and safe 4th weekend=]
CHOP! CHOP!! CHOP!!.. no that's not me mucnhing on some DORITOS... I'm cutting some CARROTS....
whats up son....with the ceo in akron...just lost to breakdown
Robin that is genius. I will absolutely do that!
when this shit is over boy...I swear
What're the odds that both my pen AND my highlighter would run out on the same day?! The Mayans were definitely on to something...
Who knows? Maybe at next year's #IACP in San Francisco! ;-)
Qponomics is showing all the deals for #HereWePurple. Makes it easier to find just the deals through all the clutter.
The mall isn't fun anymore when you're there for 12 hours
Sell in NM please.
Fewer things seem out of place at the rough-hewn DefCon hacker convention than a swarm of kids.
i think were have a 16u A team and im gonna play for them
Kobe BITCH xD
RT : Oh and my PNC came thru for me as usual love you love u 1st! :D
Currently packing for this road trip Friday
the only way to make a clean loop point right now is to rotate the object at 3RPM. a much more flexible solution is on the horizon...
IS BACK AND SOBER! BANDS GET AT ME ASAP IF YOU WNAT SHOWS BEFORE SUMMER!
#love you
Think AI needs to go away. Everyone else pales next to on that stage & the judges r ridiculous. Can't take this show seriously!
This week/weekend is super busy, but how about next week? From Wednesday on I'm free...
Random Thoughts: Is now the time to invest in AIG?
I'm proud that I am an independent critical thinker. Too many ostriches out there drinking that Jim Jones kool-aid. Lost confused souls. Smh
Yes.. Daniel was just being Daniel for a moment
Keep up the good work! We need you as citizens of this great state of Missouri.
Just finished working out and then learned me and my dad stink at ping pong
Whatever you choose to do in life just know that the greatest things always have the humblest beginnings.
Stressed out? Don't be afraid to ask for help!
Fall, my best season.
I'm @ Try Outs & it looks like a slow night. Guess the word hasn't got out on this place. Come see me @ Plan B Thurs 7:30 to 9:30
I have 64 followers WOW!!!!!
Oh! No babygirl don't smile like that ya teeth look like Dominoes
I, too, am caught up in the craze sweeping the nation from New Jersey to Alaska: I will not run for president in 2012.
if you've never experienced the thrill of spending Thanksgiving tagging empty shopping malls w/ buy nothing day stickers, you haven't lived
Thanks! Great pic and great seeing you! Hope you had a fabulous birthday.
67ºF (19ºC) going up to 90ºF (32ºC) fog then sunny today in Houston TX
Yep. Cheap protein source for much of the rest of the world. Probably won't catch on here.
Because man and woman are the complement of one another,we need woman's thought in national affairs to makea safe and stable government
Me always following , you becoming a Intellectual........
If you drop your cell phone is water it can be ok Just don't turn it on until it drys out remove battery and wait a few days clumsy lol
Act of valor was a very good movie. I enjoyed it a lot.
I'm in the mood for some sushi dammit lol.
Classy not trashy.
: Today's Old Cowboy's Wisdom: A man often meets his destiny on the very trail he chose to avoid it!
that is one of my favorite episodes EVER
Lost 18 lbs. Since 2010 campaigns and #txlege session. Damn lobbyist food. Lol.
You're the man Patrick!
The Sultan of Swing retired the bat on this day in 1935. Do you know who that was?
A piece of crisp bacon is needed as a swizzle stick for that coffee drink!
Happy Birthday! Good luck on Friday! You make the state of Kentucky proud.
Picks in play: Blue Jays, Brewers, Reds
I just discovered the solution to the health care issue. Bring back Arrested Development. Ive always been told laughter is the best medicine
ah! :) thank you<3 you made my night! Can't wait to see you in July :)
On a first name basis at #BADsushi! That's how much we go here in Santa Monica. :-)
i bet im the only one last minute studying for that test tomorrow?
Its about to be a great day.
yes we now have a club. We just do rebelish things!
Excited to be covering #SESNY this week! Live coverage to come!
i refuse to watch any videos of the up all night tour DVD on youtube until i get mine in the mail
Don't swallow someone else's poison.
apparently tb's are as nervewracking on players as on fans....
Althea Harris: The SBA handles loans $5 million and under.
haha! Wait a minute! Me too! ;)
Damn i was about to be phone less real quick
I'm fine Ben. Thanks for asking.
Magic City... Sounds good I like how it's set in 1950-1960
Whats up for tonight L.A?
Every day for the next week, do five nice things that have no immediate payoff for you. The point of this is not to imagine that the cabdri…
Get a picture as your Icon
I havent heard from the #Mets in a while. Oh well, I'm a #Yankees fan anyway :)
Chandler Parsons only got 9th, and he was incredible.
I'm a sucker for a kind word
Justin is 17, last time I'm saying this. Omg, brb crying :'(
Been a good year Madison...Heading home for a few weeks
It's like there are too many plots, but no real plots at all if that makes sense.
if it means being rid of Sarah Palin YES!
had to decide about life & death today. Was the hardest thing ever... </3
you're right i dont know anything, i got so hurt by my best friend of 12 years. trusted him with my life&he almost kiled me
it's just a movie... Rarely happens in real life... Haha makes for a good movie though!
Jennifer Hudson - Jennifer Hudson Would Have Been In Murder House If Fiance Hadn&#39;t Called
can I do both.
And now I'm depressed. This is why I only get high. Fuck getting drunk. It shows my true emotions and I'm a bitch for it.
Parents should do all they can to answer their children's questions. If you dont know the answer, GOOGLE is readily available.
Total Recall is on SyFy
Ready to Pump Hard !!!!!
Let's Go Cotto!!!
She said don't leave cause we got a baby on the way
It's green, too. Always a good way to go.
Her kids are already calling her newest man "daddy". They are going to be so screwed up.
Well I think my PS3 version of MLB.TV is almost up to time!!! Yay me!!
scrapbooking supplies wholesale
RT: Hope everybody has a GREAT day>>u do the same Jooooorrdaaaan :)
watching my computer grind through calculating formulas on a huge dataset. where's my quantum computing already?
I once beat a hibiscus plant up just cause it looked at me funny.
I had a 20 minute conversion on Omegle in math class. he helped me pass my test. Lol.
hey it's tough enough to throw down for my self...
Sup with a super spy Black Widow movie? Let's do that
Controversial #Civilwar Novel General Hooker & Mercury poisoning. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle Free to Prime.
Good to be in contact!
I went there last year, walked all over: no go. They aren't on Ben&Jerry's interactive map as participators, either.
Im so tired of hearing about backup wide receivers and guards who might make the team.
It feels right, girl just give me a sign. We gonna party all night, have the time of our lifessssss 😘
please please follow me!
Have you built/seen/loved a seriously dorky gadget lately? If so, tell me about it! DO WANT GOOD NERDING
nomenclature mostly, declension changes aspect of noun (subject/object/indirect object/etc.) conjugation changes tense of verb
Was that banker that stabbed the cabbie last week muttering about Paul Allen's apartment and Huey Lewis?
He bent it like himself.
Click the link on my last tweet and spread the word! Just launched last week! Picking the first group now!
"I got baqq wit him"-me "Your fucking stupid."-my mom "As if you should be talking, whyd u get baqq wit tht asshole then?"-me Don't Judge Me
Looking to #buy #rent or #sell an apartment in #NYC ? I'd love to help!
2012 Ferrari Hampton Rally Event is all I'm saying :-)
sorry for the typo its a job for the prison as a CO nothing to do with a customer wtf stupid phone.
How come when airport security does a "random" check, that always means me come with them
Every day I get to work early with intentions of leaving early. Approximately 4 out of 5 days I end up staying late.
I don't know if I could be any gayer for Jon Hamm.
woman that's not my twitter name! It's c_turrtle!
Happy closing!
how many people do you have in your contest
Smokin' Hot Lineup!
yeah thought so. I ain't mad at Mike one bit!
Have a great time, everyone! RT Leadership Recognition Ceremony at
A million things to do between now and tomorrow, so not much contact until I'm settled in. Still need food.
It's a good day to stay in PJs. I don't like the #snow!
Might get to go home during spring break! :)
Need to exfoliate for under a buck!? Mix pure baking soda with water for an easy to do face and body exfoliator!:)
