Arkansas vs Michigan today at 1:00 Central time on CBS Hogs Are going to win WPS 479!!
Congrats Jermaine! You can fly!! Hugs & blessings!
Thanks! I'm enjoying all the useful green tips on your blog. Keep them coming!
You should! Is that your square? He is all knowing. He mentioned that you and Rob were taking him home at halftime. Aww papa.
great handle!
come see me then!
" The seder requires participation from everyone" Last night the dog found and ate the afikommen!
Great week for the company, Saved the day for Ace hardware of Greensboro, NC! Hope to do more business with them in the near future.
haha! Definitely not me. Also, what's your apartment number next year!?
Finally home from work!! <3
Good(?) to know that this problem is not just limited to archives in the U.S.
1 2 meet me outside , All my ruff riders meet me outside !
Tried out New Belgium's Hoptober. It was fantastic. Ranger was a little bitter for my taste. I know it's an IPA, but still a bit much.
Thanks for the tweet.
2009 of San Francisco Housing Authority is the last person to file his papers to run as a candidate for mayor of San Francisco
we want
What's good Twitter?!
the I is their flagship, and is getting rightfully slagged for a general lack of imagination.
Glad to know your happier without me around
Thanksgiving meal #1 - done
My computer isn't wanting to play my movie or let me take it out! And it's a Netflix movie so I can't just forget about it.
Cathy house in depends!
Creeps me out
Haha okay. Sounds good
I am able to speak to what their deeper struggles are that are truly keeping them from the life they desire
I just followed her
Hey! Can u do a shout out in ur next vid and tell 'em to follow me!
Thanks for the follow
Being in school until June isn't so bad when you're in Chicago on lovely days like today.
can I have the channels back that I agreed to pay for? Charter removed a bunch but continues to charge the same price
One goal lead going into the 3rd... Go Kings go!
We try to publish daily, and there isn't that much corruption! Sometimes we just examine taxpayer spending.
i love sunday nights when your relaxing.. i love them <3
Wrangling hamsters Libyan drive to speak to seek asylum in Malaysia election sobriety is not a college
Chapter 1: Crazy
Bad spellers untie. ...my music teacher said... smh.
Oh how creative! Express yourself!
Not only is death the great equalizer, but we all end up naked on a cold steel table wearing a pair of depends.
The only thing uglier than that Philly-Boston series is Mike Brown's suit.
o can't wait.
Class action -- a legal right to mass stupidity.
it's beautiful!
Shall man be given marvels only when he is beyond all wonder?
Your flight instructor should do an arrangement of #Ives' From the Steeples and the Mountains
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.
You suck, answer yo phone boy!!
If You Don't Mind Me Askin, What You Use?
Hi all! Tweeting frm School in Baltimore MD.
One genuine, sincere person is who I'm searching for, who will capture my heart & I his. One to kiss good night & hold each other...
bwagahahah... Yep we do
Where can we get some healthy but delicious food in NYC? Any suggestions?
MotherFuck my opponent.
Women drivers.. Smh RT : Almost got into a wreck with a fire truck.. Wow
fuck the lakers i dont rock with them unless they playing the heat lol
im not even living in miramar
Caught an infectious laugh on the street.
Just got alittle from the other now movie with another
Three shows in two days, here we go :D
Feels pretty good about being ranked 15 in a class of 345 :)
Omg j can't believe my neighbors' dog cares abt her puppies' the food she gets she gives it all to her babies' OMG LOL!!!!
Hey what do you know Giancarlo"don't call me Mike"Stanton finally hit his 1st homer of the season yesterday!
Corporate run today, 3 miles of awesome today!
And that, my friend, is why I'm delighted you have joined Twitter.
Everyone says is a "wanna-be Justin Bieber" but he's not! He is a one and only person and Justin is his inspiration <3 -Brooke
I just think the religious argument makes sense. Since its a "sin". Removing that just means against it out of preference.
What does David think of Tim Burton's Dark Shadows movie? The trailer is as silly as the TV show played serious.
#LRT my friend use to call her that. LOL
Our good buddies will be releasing a 7 song digital EP this summer! We're so excited to hear new stuff from them, get stoked too
Around #SanDiego #text IGOBIG to 90210 for #special offers & #discounts from GoBig Printing. You get the best services with #mobile!
and and i may even try to meet up with you if you get a min, but we have a lot of cool stuff planned
at #DellWorld: Line between biz strategy and IT strategy is blurring. IT=business.
Yes. Without change, downfall is inevitable RT: facebook is starting to feel cluttered/busy/noisy.. anyone else get that feeling?
Everyone all talk no swag.
congrats! I live in Austin, TX now with my wife and 3 kids (soon to be 4). Things are good.
Appreciate you including me. Thanks.
only if it is paired with garlic bread. And wine. :)
thanks for the
For everyone on 2p2, make sure to think about what may have been in your PM inbox /outbox...
no, i'm at home in pj's playing multiple games of scrabble with strangers.
:thanks for the awesome shouts :)
oh that's pretty cold! It's about 80 right now, and normally tops out around 90 in the summer time.
Heading Back To Texas Now...Been a Crazy Busy Week...! Tweet Ya'll Again In a Bit :)
Esso_atl oh yes it turned all the way up 2 the max
Chew with your mouth closed. Omg
"Everyone I know goes away in the end....."
he's home right now duh
sounds good!
What is with the bi-polar people today!?!
I jus took the Longest nap ever...
is watching #ThePrestige. love me some #ChristianBale. over/under 30 minutes before i fall asleep?
Nice to catch that last set from south pacific
RT "Studying abroad is a prerequisite for Life 101" by #NAFSA & CoWorld member Kate Wozniak
Lol Don't feel bad. I've done it before.
sleep is what i need right at this moment...really dont want to be bothered with any company today..
I can't stop hearing your music stronger it really rocks could u please follow me.
when is it? What do u mean? #CubanFest?
Come enjoy the beautiful weather inside our store on New Comic Book Day!
Drugs, alcohol and the devil. RT : Really? Who's going to beat the Texas #Rangers this year? Who? Really? Who?
No problem! Glad to.
Stop by Sonic today from 1-2pm>2 C the #Baltimore Oriole Bird who will b wondering around the shopping center at 8212 Liberty Rd.
Iphone 5 is coming out in september!
who did you take this week?
Thank you! Hope you have a wonderful weekend!
q. for #emerge2012asu presenters: how will you archive your results without a disciplinary canon? How to pass the torch?
Good job Giants. That was a big win tonight against the Phillies. Great pitching duel between Cain and Lee. Go Giants!
Free idea for PUA nerds: come up to me and talk about my nail polish, I might not be immediately overwhelmed with disgust
Happy Thanksgiving from the Citelighter Team!
Im ridin round n im gettin it. Its mine, i spend it
Saw Liza with a Z being interviewed on the red carpet outside Kodak for the TCM film fest. Also! Robert Wagner and Osborne and Rose McGowan.
A 3rd meal (snack or supper) & sports or movement should be part of a longer learning day.
It's in my closet! lol
I feel like I've been iin the car forever
So much negativity from alot of "#pens fans" Suck it up, stop whining, and root for your team. Their is a reason you don't work in the
don't think so. Trying to get her to sleep and get some myself. So far, she's the only one sleeping...<3
Only two chefs have double restaurants on #worlds50best restaurant awards-- and Fat Duck's Heston Blumenthal in Britain.
hey thanks for following me I am still trying to add u too so we can dm
sandwich's YUM
Thanks for being our newest followers , , & !
welcome back to Seattle!!! Glad to have u back with the team!
Don't have a clue what you speak of Good Sir..
Stop by www.papouspizza.com for the best pizza in town - tell Luke that Mango Media sent you - on Leetsdale about 1 from Cherry Creek North
"Who are you and how did you get in here?" "I'm a locksmith and I'm a locksmith."
hey, just arrived. Not sure I have your number handy...
Awesome tours tonight! Packed night tomorrow. The Pedal Mill loves Baltimore!
a bit.
me too! overly excited, actually
me too. We're already getting feedback and actually tweaked the MVP a bit.
what's wrong?
But now I'm watching Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 :)
Where are y'all? Lets meet up! :)
Yes! We're open for spring break! We're open normal hours with the exception of being closed Friday 3/35, a university furlough day.
We NEED new beats! Producers send that crack!
Zoo-like Cannes opens with Anderson's 'Moonrise': The sunbaked Cannes Film Festival got under way with Wes Anderson's "Moonrise Kingd...
ok. getting by. AHHA I SOUND OLD. but YOU?:)
So many people are worried about showing license plate numbers, but very few people actually do anything harmful with them.
I do like that idea, though. "Joe did what Joe does." I can get behind that :)
Who's to blame? 👈
Watching the 2 hour long #Glee episode!!!
A 3 by al Harrington!! Go nuggets!
#BBN That's how we do!!!
We have some great stuff in the works :-) stay tuned!
this must be a hockey game #lions and
Belated thank you!
woohoo! I'm famous!
Help spread the word about the #ExperienceJoeRogan app for Android? Best of all it's completely free!!
Glad you took these takeaways!
supposed safety of locks offers a premium for dishonesty, by showing others how to be dishonest
Parachute drop at the old Riverview amusement park near Belmont and Western, in
I mean, you should have to make some personal connection, right? Not just put dates + genre into a machine and spit out a tour.
Then this other hoe telling the WHOLE bus her life story -___-
comsidering the option of never eating raw fish again... it just might be worth it
SO HUNGRY!! Bah. And so sick of this annotated bibliography. I feel like giving up.....but I know I can't, my grades matter too much to me
RT : Started 21 Days to Maximum Performance Memory Mastery Prgm. Look out world!
Oh wow...and i missed 11:11. =\
Another day at Nutridge High.
Can't wait for the weekend!!! Shooting on Sat. Morning, followed by hanging out with my baby and the dog(s). Lots of r&r.
O'Hare is quiet this evening. Wish you were all here, #saa11!
Mullet/jorts combo spotted
#I wanna skip class ;&but dont wanna get caught-_-
yummy! Is that chocoflan? My classmate is completely obsessed with it, I'll have to look out for when you hit 'publish' :)
Tomorrow Joe will be in Queen Ann, Belltown, Ballard & Medrona! Call 206-414-1039 to schedule a carpet cleaning!
thoughts #emchat ? MT : Admission officers R in a business. They are looking out 4 the institution No. 1& families come in 2nd
The Lovely Bones was a pretty disappointing movie. And the bones weren't even that hot, if you ask me.
can i waste time with both of you too, please?
will we see you Saturday for #OpOliver?
There is such a thing as being totally satisfied.
:,) justins voice in everythings gonna be alright made me cry
Hoes these days.
Smokin on joints that look like candle sticks
Mood shift.
Welcome to who are working to build a new #hospice for young adults in the North West. Best of luck!
Definitely a seeker (a shaker minus a blog!)
have a good game bro! but hope it's a C's blow out!
In both practice sessions. He starts 4th. He is a dark horse pick. But my pick to win the Aarons 499 at Talladega Superspeed is the
After my "BubbleBum" tweet, I got spammed by bots asking " Looking to Hookup Tonight" (Is it polite to write back & say no thanks?)
I don't know it's never going to be the same.....
Not anymore! I use to be! Only in my #fairytales RT: #Cancer's are big believers in love
omg mike from ICON, your hysterical haha(:
I just woke up. RT : You're always wagging your finger at someone. Man, go to sleep...
What a matchup tonight! Good luck to and We’ll see you both in Nov in Orlando at the #OldSpiceClassic!
Nice - have a good trip! :D
All musical artists ready to take the MKE music scene by storm - join us tomorrow night to find out how!
“: Boosie Boo not guilty! How'd he pull that off lol ... He didn't do it!!! Lol!
So jealous, Max! They're amazing.
Thank you!
vry impt that parents are able to hold any new school operator just as accountable as old one
There was some crop failure. Wendy's won't serve tomatoes unless requested... RT: : WHY DO TOMATOES COST $3.99/lb?!
Lehigh Valley Art Wars Throw Down taking place Friday in Allentown
Watching Manchester United at Chelsea with Viggle Sun | 10:30AM | FOX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Where's the bronx zoo cobra? Has he gone underground?
re Alias game. You can probably find it in the used bin at your local EBGames/Gamestop
text me when you can, i gotta tell you about this dream :o
Hahaha love you <3 ": #MentionTo someone who's super lazy."
making coffee w tea filter dad got me, simple as it gets, its perfection
Andrew Sullivan and Tina Brown are supervillains who must be stopped.
pretty bad day at school today.
Thank You for the Follow
Aw shux! RT : Forget that lottery ticket, following is a guarantee of wealth. A wealth of cool music, anyway.
RT : John Boehner said half the people who get hit by millionaire's tax are small businesses. Truth-O-Meter says False....
look like derwin aint a rookie no more lol
RT : "The mark of a GENIUS - in any realm of life - is the ability to explain something that's COMPLEX in a SIMPLE way!”
What kind of REAL strong heroines would you like to see?!
: what bro, you still got my number.
of course
sounds like a plan. I can meet earlier too if there is a class.
Plans for Mother's Day??
RT : RT : if you don't eat the pussy, she got a hungry nigga on speed dial that will
Best relaxing treatment, besides the beach, I've had in ages! Highly recommend Set the Chi Free! Jacqui is a miracle worker.
Drupal is my BFF now!
Experience is the best teacher.
never realized it was always you I was serving a bowl of chili &salmon sandwich/salad at sunroom! #missedconnections?! #loljk?
Bring your cameras to document the insanity. Should be a game for the ages.
Cool, but rude.
Is there anyway I can pay cash at the door Tuesday? I'm on a cash only thing. I can make an exception if need be. :)
about 120 for my tattoo ? hell yeah , think i'll be gettin that bihh real soon !
what if Busta Rhymes was a News Anchor
Social is incredibly powerful for story telling for small depts in large companies
Just left the recording studio.hard work,but very rewarding.
We are back and on application #130137 - Kevin O'Brien.
can I be louis' or nicks gf?
#belowtheline #LBL caffeine withdrawl as well but worth it all by nxt Monday!
Am I the only one who'd watch a Waterworld Vs Mad Max movie?
Ooh-ooh! I forgot about that one! ": Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with St. Drunken"
I can't stop bawling. Every time I watch it....!
I HATE SPIDERS.
i got you [: want me to talk to him or anything?
Does Chris work tonight? I really want to go in to Fleming's for an Ahi Burger!
thanks Pete! Luckily our bar was just a side venture w/my cousin but I'm sure going to miss it! And as for me, I'm optimistic :)
I didn't ruin nothing. i was just sitting here playing my music, thats it!
“: haha I'm already sore :/ " You may not like me today, or tomorrow, but you'll love me in the long run.
Can anyone help me out with sending a bulk email.. I have 750 email addresses I need to send a piece of marketing material to..please help!!
where do you met this stuff
Overall, I'm satisfied with my final grades. Especially the B in biology...
You know, I heart I do worry I create too much drama every time I go there.
hello sexier than me
BOOKED! I'm playing husband proud of his prized piece of artwork...my wife doesn't like it quite as much. :-)
I recently used Regus in Tampa to hold a meeting with out of town participants. I was really impressed, very professional & top notch.
Ready to watch the All Star weekend festivities. Got two AZ wildcats in the slam dunk contest! #Budinger and #DWill gonna get it done
wow! Maybe they'll be fine with what they have
I perhaps owe having become a painter to flowers. ~Claude Monet
worst head ache everr
i personally cannot believe that "parrot cornholio" brings up nothing on youtube
Creating a monster record. Stay tuned!!!!
Shit I need sum hype party ppl where u at?! Haa
#iThinkOfYou. When I listen to Frank.
lets take a trip outta town
#TheBestThingInLifeIs the feeling you get knowing you're helping #artists and #designers make the world a better place!
Lmao 😂😂 ": Lakers fans wear those sketchers that light up when they take a step"
The dude working at the deli just asked me if I wanted the regular. When I said yes he gave me three lollipops. #thatswhatimtalkingabout!
“Poverty is the worst form of violence.”Gandhi (Still writing grants for CU's that serve the poor so I am finding sad stuff about the US)
Isn't that what a question mark usually implies? However, I am more concerned now about how to get the polish off my floor
no you won't i am too sly
Well that surely didn't disappoint
new food items on menu. New Super buger, buffalo chx wrap, curry fish sandwich, jalapeno poppers & chopped chx salad. Lunch time. Cheers
Informal survey to Dems and Reps on Twitter: in what ways, if any, are Romney and Pres. Obama alike? (a phrase or sentence if poss)
Sure, but that's still your better chance.
remember AARP's stance
Why WHY DID SHE BRING UP PATRICK!?.
“ straw built ass” lmao girl thats You! Come on son!
Ive had this convo with about dudes and their Vampire thirst on twitter. Dudes need to get it together.
In my own lane
Oh yeah! RT : I'm watching The Marriage of Maria Braun, getting ready to guest on this weekend!
If your going to sample a legends work, please make sure u do a good job. Thank you
"Vienna was the city of statues." #fridayreads Collages by Anais Nin Swallow Press 1964
is it me or does it feel like a new social media site is created everyday?
Hell yea mem cam toRT You think they can beat the thunder RT : If the Clippers come back and win they goin to da finals
Thanks for the retweet Pedro!
And Lori gets the "held onto my BB the longest" award!
Wow, sounds like someone needs a vacation
Super psyched for the this weekend! Who wants to come with me???
"Easy"- Rascal Flatts and N.Bettingfield, great song! :) :(
I wouldn't mind them trading back to second then back into first. Probably upshaw, Hill, konz. GB might get upshaw though.
I cannot stop reading "The Book Thief" - pick it up!
Is it racist that every commercial break for basketball wives there is a RX for "brown skin" ad... I think yes!
which is a really good reason.
It's a nice day to get pierced! Don't forget to grab a 20% off jewelry ad from the Stranger newspaper!
Pretty certain it is too darn early for eating smelly onions. Girl sitting next to me didn't get the memo.
: No 1st term prez will pass #immigration #reform, so why go with #Romney if #Obama can do it in 2nd term?
Happy New Year! May the God of peace & love shine on you all your!
Happy Mardi Gras folks! Even if you aren't from Louisiana, it's a great excuse to party on a Tuesday!
Did you know we give 2% back on all total purchases which you can accumulate on your Chois Loyalty Cards and use towards future purchases?
Perseverance is a great element of success. ~ Longfellow
Its better to have stayed away if u've never seen it before. Bad projection= bad 1st viewing. Watch 's DVD instead
Trust your instinct..it will always lead you in the right direction.
RT : #mls deserves better officiating than #ussf can provide. 1 of the things holding back the game in this country.
": Women have a better sense of smell than men." ---------- I don't believe this onee
and i did a *heart8 and pointed to travis and he smiled and did a heart and pointed back.
Benign, is the opposite of malignant, i.e. cancerous. .keloidsurvey.com
RT : OK, I'll admit...had a great time at Company this afternoon.
That's "Gibraltar" - over by Spain I think?
I was at Pier VI seeing Chicago the band, not Chicago the city. It would have been a really far away wave. :-)
Working on music for handbells, voices, and tin whistle, among other things.
#FF local style guides
thanks you are a dear.
Nicki Minaj Sings 'Super Bass' with Sophia Grace #Full Version#: via
I'll be at the Flying Saucer Jelly today...will you be there?
RT : karaoke is singing with the band this year. See their set list for ideas at
Giants is playing legit. Atlanta weak tho.....Gotta put a L in tha air
Heading up tp New York for the weekend to check on my house and see some friends...
follow me so i can reply
I know. I lost your number I think. They smashed my phone in prison
so I really miss ! where are you?
#ThisSummerImTryna surround my self around some more real ass people
No surprise can produce such a magical effect as being loved. Charles Morgan
Type "let it snow" into the Google search engine. Happy Holidays!
Ah. Let it be known that henceforth, the old testament is irrelevant in all policy considerations--so sayeth the Austin Scott.
from today's dept colloquium: performance of performance on reality TV shows (jersey shore, etc) "is like…goffman squared!"
It was great, thanks. Great cause, the guys were amazing. Laird made me do shots w/ him, haha! He had his ring on too!
Great job tonight Jennifer. Thx for always be the first to jump into acting action.
im god now smoking whit kushhh
Great deal! RT TODAY ONLY - Join California Family Fitness for just $20!!! Please RT!! :)
My news, feed is on blast. I don't know .-.
Back to my old ways... uh oh.
.laugh me makes always video face a without eyes the watching .seriously him take can't i but idol billy love do i
I'm pretty sure is still single also!! Just saying
YES, we should!
stfu thats a shitty one. they would hire helen keller if she applied
The drink I made at home isn't as good as the one (ok, four) I had at the bar.
omg panera and library w cute date omg omg omg every1 jellz omg
#Obama is using the issue to isolate and antiquate #Romney and the #ReligiousRight. +
"Is swaggless with two g's?" -
thnx for followin me u made so happy :D
sorry its taken me a minute but ill have a record we can work on soon IA
Bridge flash mob!
I don't know if I am the worst cook ever, or if it was because I made a lowfat version, but the eggplant parm wasn't good:(
#GoTribe Loving my TRIBE!!! Can't wait to spend a whole weekend watching in the CLEVE LAND I LOVE!
If anyone thinks Mike Leake has it bad, check out Yovani Gallardo's line.
FOR THE LAST TIME: I have a flip phone and can't get all these fancy photos of my uncle in that man-on-camel scene you keep texting me.
i wish my 35 yr old ass could be a part of ur life
YASSS Robert you betta go in on The Letterman Show right now! <3
RT!“: I hate using eye drops. I always blink! >:(”
awe:( you should smile:D
Perry better prepared and at ease. A day late and a dollar short unfortunately
I am craving some Mongolian Barbeque....
Don't heckle the comedian
Everyone in short circuit is a poser
Are you submitting for the LIM College Fashion info conference? I just have a few questions for a first-time submitter (for confs)
Haha, I'll take that under advisement. I need to share an automation breakthrough we had last week too. Text on the way...
RIP Phillip. <3 sending much love to all of his friends and family. xoxo
Has always been that tall?
Knife Fight feed is up! Psyched to get on set today with and And of course, our boy
If MW people are looking for an after party, come to Lion's Share on Kettner.
I hate when someone txts you but they don't ever txt you back
gotta sleep on it.
Had a great night performing with Shotgun Radio. Serious Underground Warehouse action.
Im fine.I get to leave Saturday.da only thing dats killing me is the pain and it hurts even more knowing I cant dance anymore
Good news today! Ninth Letter will serialize my novella "In a Distant Country" this spring, in six parts, on their website. Woo-hoo!!!
Don't throw away your old computers, donate them to www.KomputersForKids.com - they'll use what they can and recycle the rest! =D
good morning all - choose to have a wonderful day ! -time for a Starbucks- get the juices flowing-
It's all over news now. It was foreseen in the long run...
I might come to school I feel bad lolol
Hey...tix are tough but you never know. Please bring home a couple of wins this weekend. #gigem (what does that mean?)
cornu it is; I'm new to them, as far as I can recall.
Oh my gosh, I am so embarrassed for the students whose mothers call me in the office to fix their school inconveniences...
You guys killed - see you next time RT : thanks so much for a rockin evening! catch you next time
I need to start liking homework!
thanks for the shoutout! 2 new interviews with him this week!
killin it at
good call.
Unfortunately that will have to wait until next year.
think i'm going to rock this red michael kors for graduation. now all i need is some appropriate footwear :)
Looks like we will be sharing a hashtag with Celebrity Big Brother in the UK this week. Wieland, anybody?
Its almost been a year!! I can't believe it! I love and miss you So much dad!!!! :(
Taylor Swift is playing 6 NFL stadiums in 2011, including tour finale at Cowboys Stadium next October. Wow. (via )
Passed my science sol, yay !
Wow that's a market of 9MM US households that can buy online without a checking/credit/debit account!
No pick me! IM YOUR FAVORITE(:
Pompa: if all of our students are not prepared to compete with children all around the world, this country is going to lose.
I thought it was kind of a cool song, But she's an amazing dancer. I'll def give her that, she could do better acting too
She Fucked Him , Him , Him Your Bro , Your Homies , Your Cousin & Best Friend
Besides the Resident Evil games, what other survival horror titles do you enjoy playing? ^SZ
Tomorrow's #awcchat is about creative refueling & brainstorming, w/ - 1130am CST. via
No matter what crime someone might have committed, rape is not part of the penalty.
Thanks for the heads up!
Looks like I will be writing for my hometown newspaper The Daily Press this Fall! (Newport News, VA)
“ “ Thanking God for waking me up today #Blessed..””
with the new coarse-grind burrs?
Cotton Tale Rug, Pirates Cove Guide | area rugs children
Freddie Mercury Hologram? Queen Shrugs
No matter what your situation, you can re-design your life to get more work done and have more success. Your life is in your hands.
Key words in that phrase... "right now..."
Cheer up mr grumpy gills. We're gonna whoop some ass tomorrow
Another shred of innocence lost :) RT Wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence: 'brightness' knob doesn't work
& my mama going in ahahahaha
I hate know it all kids.
I have never been more exhausted. In a million ways.
tx for the love chica!
4 days until the Blue Cross RiverRink opens for the season!!
Happy mothers day! I love you mommy <3
Start with the lego version before you commit to the bigger one.
May I suggest a name for the project? Call it "Car" :)
Don't make it to easy girl don't take it too fast_
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't. ~Erica Jong
video idea: young women in the woods with weird voices in urban outfitters couture maybe a horse or mystery ritual or mystery language text
good hangin out with my friend ivy and lol
if your interested in coming to lexington and doing a autograph session let me know!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the people affected by the #tornado in the south.
sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead
Haha I lost it. Love that the kids were into it.
Just got woke up by a doorbell that I thought was for me. Opened the door as was terribly surprised.
So sick of politics and religion! That cabin in the woods looks better everyday!
its February 13 ...
Best pizza in the Bronx: go.
okay il text you(:
Also new this week- lkey lime sorbet. Love key lime pie? You'll love this.
“: Oh, you drink smart water? You must shine with intelligence.”
:-) RT Be helpful. When you see a person without a smile, give them yours :)
Surprisingly enough, #Columbiana wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be.
thank you. :-) I needed that.
yes it would im going to go before Danielle freaks out about all these tweets ill message u on fb later.
GREAT DAYFab Friday's Wanderer & State Fair Sandwich
RT: Our weakness is one of our greatest excuses. We may be weak, but God is strong, and He is willing to be our strength.
In 1969, astronauts Eugene A. Cernan, Thomas P. Stafford and John W. Young blasted off aboard Apollo 10 on a mission to orbit the moon.
Happy birthday I love u baby
Thank you for choosing A1 Shredding, Happy Holidays to all.
FANS! Follow Lady Phoenix as they need our support! The girls are recording the album now as a duo Melissa & Diana! <3
RT Isn't a moment of silence a bit too ironic for Penn State?
RT A big "Thank you" for the follow! Thanks again from
I completely agree, I like that quote
it's ok lol
It's the same impulse as wanting to do that when you read badfic in fandom. I completely understand *headdesk*
happy good friday all.may you have a blessed day.
FUCK!! I had two of the numbers.. smh
I just wish I could use more than 140 characters. Ha.
thanks for the follow Mikey! Hope you'll check out our site! :)
Watching Keeping Up With The Kardashians!!! :D
I'll Be gone for awhile... check it! Don't Follow Your Dreams. "LEAD Them!"
Then to Trader Joe's and now - drumroll please - Target!
4/20 special coupon code 420420 for 20% off the entire site WOW! check out the coolest pipes ever. SWEET!
love it!
an ok boyfriend..but a great wifey.
thanks for RT. :)
If you haven't already, go download our music for free!
you're so hip with your new twitter gfriend ♥
ahahaha, i have to be up to get my hair done again tomorrow at 8:30 lol ;) gosh, talkin to you is amazing :)
Love what you're doing - thank you for following us, and looking forward to your tweets.
Good night !
I'm reading it! Ps. dubstep is kinda cool. it took me a long time to decide whether i liked it.
That's the same bra I saw when we went shopping! I put over 2000 Swarovski crystals on it! I perform tonight in Divas at 10PM
“: Looking forward to a great week at Hamilton Co. ESC in Cincinnati.” We enjoyed speaking with you today!
That's your brand. The older you get the more valuable your name. And no one else can take it and do bad things with it.
yeah an apple martini
Good morning world!! Rise n Grind!!
Hay IamStevenT you are funny on American idle.I love Aerosmith!!!!! Please follow
": Ew this pic is so ugly! I'm only saying this for attention HAHA!!!!!!"........love those people..
10 Facebook Tips 1. NEVER EVER start a facebook account. you be really addicted if u do start one.
They ain't giving Kobe foul calls yet. But they will. In the 4th quarter. When the game is on the line, the refs will cheat.
I hope my Elmo has fun at prom! Ily Elmo!
RT : Hello, shoes for #LFW... Lace Up Platform Booties in Brown by fr -...
When we decide to follow our heart we can often fear that we may lose certain people because it will change our direction...
Good Morning Sis! Thanks for the support. You are appreciated:-)
And I learn nothing
If I fall.......the top is where I wanna be landing at....Fa realz!!!!
Getting ready to connect with of Unspun
I hope that I spelled her last name right lol
COME ON BABY BABY IT'S U... UR THE ONLY ONE I LOVE... UR THE ONLY ONE I NEED... ;-0
He's got more important places to be, but it's a shame that Brandon Jacobs couldn't be at the Giants ring ceremony.
Starting work on a new collection today at the University Archives. It's 10 boxes of unsorted booklets! Eek!
Last week's raffle winner just picked up her lovely handmade bag -- she picked the cat design -- well done!
they can't let em stay close towards the end fam
My ears've have been hurting & I've had an on & off migraine all day
Kay we will
#glee :Whitney Houston .♥
Exhausted. But at least I didn't have another "wedding disaster" dream. So, that's a plus.
We're in a gold limo going to the MGM :) So excited!!!
I'm going to a be a VS model when I'm older!
Nashville friends, I'm now a zoo member! And I can always bring a guest, so let me know if youd like to visit the zoo!
Jacob! I miss you! </3
no no not really
Gettin this cut
are you too ugly or what..?
I'm sick! Where's the recipe? :)
Unveiling TWA= transactional web archiving not TWA (you know) open source 1+ yr dev (waiting to see the movie)
"You ask." "no, you ask!" "Will you please ask?" "why can't you ask?" "fine..hey my friend wants to ask you something!"
Beautiful day for a ride! RT : Anyone do #bikethebay yesterday!?
Bittings are often represented as a code which instructs how a key is to be cut by a locksmith.
we will be to open data very soon. much is going on in the background.
Happy 21st bro bro it's on this weekend plz LOUD ON DECK
Shots on shots on shots on beer.
Watch out for emotional vampires... protect your heart!! And your vision
The first Macintosh comuter was introduced in 1984 in a commercial which debuted during the Super Bowl.
Does a hot muscle car get YOUR engine revving?
how could something so wrong make me feel so right?
Thanks to everyone who participated in our Friday Giveaway! The winner is ! email us at to arange pick up!
"I was just making a humor joke."
Someone is looking up to you. Don't let that person down.
that is good that u are working hard....I'm trying to study for this damn bio test later
Yo mama house so small you have to go outside to change your mind.
Yet... it will be Tebow's fault!!!
Speaking of, Best Coast less than impressive @ Bonnaroo RT Drew Barrymore to direct Best Coast video...
Listening to Don Knezek as he opens the Global Edtech Forum in #Dubai. Excited to share today.
Hell I've driven a lot farther for a lot less. Do it!! Only live once!
according to a certain caller uk should go ahead n retire Pete Maravich's jersey even though he didn't play for uk. thoughts?
if he is block him. Smh
I got one of the best realizations from talking to a homeless dude: stop waiting for people to give you things, love, money, respect.
they also fly to Havana, Minsk, and Cleveland?
Sorry about that! Down below is the sample to our new CD! :)
Las Vegas is a love it or hate it kind of town. I hate it. Sorry, people who live here, but it's not for me.
All these Mikey pictures...#MeGusta ;)
Ask Style: What Are Some Easy-to-Do Holiday Hairstyles? I 've already spent a boatload on my dresses, shoes, etc. Got any tips for easy h
You're welcome. Yes, relaxing w/end :-)
I love ! Today a bunch of 8 yr olds blew me away writing - & performing - re: Superman & a monster w/a thorn in his tentacle.
yet guidlines need to be set and followed . if not you will have a world of confusion,much like todays world.Stay true and have faith.
A really cool contest with an AWESOME prize will be starting soon. Just finishing up the final details right now.
let's go to brunch this Sunday. Kelly you come too so we can discuss mortgage rates...
- yes, it is pretty much comedy gold...
i dont know but the way you let Austin have it this week was GREAT! And it was all the truth!
Too excited for 21st birthday
I'll make sure that she gets to your site this week man! Good stuff! Thanks for the compliments on the site...still working on it
did you read my tweet cracking up hahah! I was jking thoughh!
Ibanez was running like Nunez
Dude, the "joke" was preceded by a tweet that reported it as straight news. So, not "uptight."
Saved a few stories but the rest of my old notebooks are now gone. No need for them.
HEY, HOW ARE YOU?(:
Just make sure you snitch in the 2nd 48
slept in till 2:00...nbd
he was but I'm not sure anymore
lavender? Chamomile? Whats your favorite?
We wish all of the finalists of the James Beard Foundation Awards good luck at tonight's event!
I think it's helpful, especially on my work account. I think if the volume were higher, it might be a problem.
thanks for the mention! JF
Me: " #InTheSummer I'm going to workout a lot!" Me in the summer: "haha nah JK Maybe next summer."
My brother is lame !
No one at the bank.
Meet #lifevineworks co-founder chamille weddington today: CYC college fair at ICE theaters on roosevelt.
i found your WP site and is it so beautiful, did you code it all yourself or is there basic structure i can use to have the layout
or skype me, either one
I'm always goods :) I'm also always right, just ask them!
im sure it was shamazing..
I hate the rain... :P
Some one tweet my time line empty
indeed. To you as well :)
Suggestion: Bring #itgetsbetter conversation to international and mulitcultural communications learning
Thanks for the RT!
#TRAK #Records and #Library has a page on LinkedIn! Follow us for jobs in information management.
oh no Alicia here everyone quiet shhhhhhh
NYC is amazing. Meet friends for drinks, eat an amazing dinner, Broadway Show and THEN DRINKS AGAIN, all before 7:15pm L.A. time.
Enjoy the victory, Salt Lake. Too bad the bars close in 45 minutes. Good thing Village Inn remains open until 3!
GYM TIME! This trainer better not try to kill me or else.
Chris Brown just Killed the stage!!<3
#whenIwas13 I at least knew how to spell the insults I gave out. Kids these days,
(okay, let's put a quantifier there... unless I'm plugging my book, but hopefully you know about my book by now...)
lol!!!! But people should know Lou would NEVER cheat on Eleanor
Google Drive Problem Is a Public Cloud Problem, Says Privacy Expert
RT : I enjoy music like I enjoy food, I eat what I want when I want and not jammed down my throat by a stranger.
Assuming I make it to work tomorrow, that will make 3 SMSC offices in as many days.
I'm closing out the month in 5 days...All serious offers will be considered!
LOL i just stole this... :)
ya, unfortunately lol
I need to tweet more I'm slacking.
She ain't all that tell Tha bitch fall back
Busy day working on client cases. Best Wishes to all!
Missing the #adrintro meet up in Anchorage today :( because I overslept a wee bit. Ok, a lot.
Break legs tonight, ! I will be there tomorrow night. :-)
My birthDAY is over, oh well. I still have 6more days. Birthday WEEK. #LifeOfBreyonce . Ima princess
"It's never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot #write #create RT
low key the whole carpool is in town...we should link up today
hell yea. I'm so dead now lol
Plenty of time for a hearty breakfast before snow falls. Specials today? Crab and Asparagus Omelet, Caramel Apple Crepes OR Breakfast Pizza!
Interesting- maybe that's what this spelling is going for? : definitely haven't heard that pronunciation yet. More like "lirl"
Always call AHEAD
come say hi! check out who is doing some pretty cool things in our community!
yes he was on my list i sent u (=
Prince cover band concert in N Mpls
I heart #Tehas - where's your uncle live? I'm in
can I really come!!!
**CLASS SPECIAL** 20% OFF ALL CLASSES PLUS A FREE AIRBRUSH MACHINE!!!! CALL TODAY TO BOOK YOUR CLASS 248 477 5548
Subbed! Amazing Voice!!!
prometheus coming out in a few weeks is what's getting me through this school year for real
Come see & today from 12-2 at Shocking Prices! Autographs, prizes and discounted playoff tickets!
So excited to have you!!!
What do you mean by not provide any profile info? Not even names and email adresses??
Time to watch some #Hokies!!
yeah I was nervous here for a second thinking it would be a 1st, 2nd, or third..but we had multiple late picks were set
Working rapidly toward Interlink RC1. Adding iphone calendar links to ticket, client and associated contacts.
Tune in and turn on, right?? Nice RT : Tune in now for a sexy game!!
I'm playing at the Cotton District Festival w/ today in Starkville from 1-2 on the TVA Rockin' Stage! Come by and say hey! :)
Don't worry everyone, the cops have swarmed Loose Park to thwart evil families from potentially having any dogs off their leash.
oh man. i hate "that guy" at concerts.....or well any public venue.
cool. Aight. I'll consider it. Ps. Going to the game on Friday. 7 rows back. Can't wait!! GO c's
HEY BROGAN, how'd your day go?(:
Do what you gotta do, I'm doin me, but don't come to me when you realize you fucked up.
Raid the Cellar Sundays. That means every bottle in house in house under $60 is half price all day, all night. The patio is waiting.
Happy birthday my friend. You are a class act. Vamos and game on!
Hey Baby <3
Two show Tuesday
Wish our favorite bandito and roadmate was with us ;)
It's a beautiful afternoon @ the Farm, swing by & pick up our strain of the day; Tahoe Blue, great for depression, anxiety, & headaches.
I feel the shame of the beagle.
Agreed. But then again, he's not a HR hitter. So it'll have to be a mistake pitch as well as a perfect swing.
Strange Law of the Day: In Connecticut, you can be stopped by the police for biking over 65 miles per hour.
*hugs* i'll see you saturday morning at least!
To all those friends or biz relationships who have inquired and those who may...Sadly, I will not be going to SXSW! Have an awesome time!
What did Jack Frost say to Frosty the Snowman?Have an ice day!
Thanks, Tracy. The more I read on CNET, the more iPhone is the winner.
I love life and music
Fed imogen, had my first cup of coffee, already feeling jealous of neighbors with ac units, about to finish reading A friend's book mss
Another post could be to talk about your ex all the time. Including announcing what would have been special days with them.
I can't put it down! Read almost 100 pages already.
Listening music while doing homework
Catch us on 30A Radio Friday morning at 10:45 a.m. to talk about the big show. Hopefully we know all our brand new songs!
If your a boring tweeter I probably won't follow you.
My vagina looks like a penis.
Hey I just listened to the link you sent me...really nice songs! I would love to work with you.
wtf do that box mean??? lol
Yes! E me
We sell pies by the slice. For whole pies orders must be place and we deliver. We work from home temporarily. 619-537-8812
no!! Brother and his wife (:
Thanks, Richard. These are exciting times and we are early in the new world of e-publishing.
If someone brought me ice cream tomorrow before work, id probably die of happiness
Every man for there selfs and God for us all.
in 160 ch or less, who was the champion of these hearings?
we have an unlimited monthly starting this month. The next step is to rent a desk.
So sorry about that guys #KTCO, player is in a epic battle with me right now. Think I fixed it :) ^KM
Off for Winter Break! Going to work on updating my website soon:) Happy Holidays to everyone! xoxo
sounds interesting, I'll check out ur site. I see ur son has talent too maybe we'll link up sometime
yes I do! Next week is good for me. Let's do it
Hi, hi!! You look so familiar... haha! ;)
RT : Day 7 of Atlanta Beer Week: Terrapin Night: tapping a 2010 Wake-n-Bake and Pumpkin Fest (2011) today @ 5pm!
#PCA favorite Bones
well i wish u luck.. :)
Working on a piece about crowd-sourced analytics being used to influence narrative choices in media. On 4/20. Something's not right here...
What? That's what you get for booking aeromexico
Hello, dear Doris! I am moving, so not much time to tweet. Staying in ABQ, but sold house and going for an apt. & pool!
Thanks for the inclusion!
You should know, you can now order Girl Scout cookies through me. #oyI'llBeGainingSomePounds
Ouch. Traffic on I-90 sucks now.
Is it rude to switch treadmills when the guy next to you is hacking up a lung?
Hello and welcome to Monday!
We have time to develop this athlete!
It's goin' down tonight! is hosting the Spring Break edition of Tilt Night Club! 18+ to party, Central Ave. See ya there!
remember when you wrote about the Cavs? I feel like you're living Anakin's life in Star Wars. To sum up: the Heat are evil.
Here in #BarnesNoble getting some inspiration to workout from #gqmagazine and overall inspiration from #nylonmagazine young Hollywood issue
Great to meet Week. Thanks for the shout-out to Sears on innovation.
Sounds gd. Will be in touch about prog on live-tweeting. LMK if ideas for oth panelists.
Is your new album all children's music?
Bring it LA, I'm not movin'! RT : SB1066 passed unanimously in the Senate this evening!
Well that was a very non-me type thing to do.
Good night all :)
who is that?
Humbled by your words Laura. Thank you so much for sharing it. Love you too!
The food in our school canteen is perfect.If your a bug!
anyone else notice the BU hockey jacket in Eastbound and Down tonight?
haha where is that??
Thinking without awareness is the main dilemma of human existence ~ Eckhart Tolle
It's better to have 4 quarter then 100 pennies. REAL FRIENDS
Knew hs teacher yrs ago who told me horror stories of good kids being dumped because they were inconvenient.
also, happy tuesday!
It makes me want to eat an iguana!
Focus Group, Manhattan, Thursday April 19th. Looking males: 18- 30, own an iOS device $85 for 1 ½ hours
Sweet fanny pack
Good luck OIT Men's B-ball team! Just tipped off against #1 North Wood for the NAIA Nat'l Championship. GO HUSTLIN' OWLS!
My thoughts go out to #Japan after suffering from such a powerful natural disaster. Stay strong.
rondo! Yer out!
S/o too
Tosh.o funniest show ever!
Congrats on the signing Butta!
At #smw where Deep Focus hosts a discussion on connectdness very enlightening 21st democracy is going to be built by us
RT : : If 1 of 400 richest Americans paid fair tax rate, 5,400 low-income students could get Pell Grants.
Today i am not doing anything!
yeah!! It rained today. Much needed H2O
I couldn't agree more. Should be interesting tonight too.
In 1998 I got the itch but still could not do history. There could be no money. I was conditioned by success, IT success.
Love retreat, but always ready to get back to life. and I meet in less than an hour. A kiss from Jesus!
follow me pleasee
Thanks very much, hope Stew isn't giving you too much trouble!
Tweeting at 6 AM is like writing a letter in a post-apocalyptic world. "I don't know if anyone will ever read this..."
What is today? Today is the day that & are playing in San Diego. It is also my B-Day & do i get to go? NO! Sad face :(
i wish boy that i love love me......oo loving father lord help me to do all my thing and i will be the servant of god jesus i love u so muc
Stop by for a quick lunch with us at the
Oic. I think soft power is state action now, jstu w/o a remedy. Lieberman's call to Amazon surely violated 1A.
Precisely what Almost everyone Should be aware of In relation to Medial Inform Models.
Working on the roll out for Idaho Yesterdays. Pretty fun job.
i don't get it
Do it! Write from experience! It's the best place! (Are you thinking comedy? Like #40YearOldVirgin meets #BridesMaids!!!)
Time for a nap...then I go get a yard of mulch.
Would you rather have a virgin or a both again prositute?
Sure I am, Spammy. RT : Your a lucky March Madness winner!
Grandpa you can't say that!!
They put all their money into this and film in Times Square later in the season.
Here's a fun fact: my commute is longer then the average New Yorker's...
Where are you guys going for lunch?
Commerce Clause decisions have paved way for massive GOVT intrusion almost from start. Wherever products go, Uncle Sam takes charge. BOGUS
I think you forgot cracker barrel and golden corral!
I think you need to make that happen, sir.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 22
Nutty enough to be real. In an episode of "Community", they built a huge blanket fort. Wonder if that's where the idea came from.
We write the object labels. I don't care about the title so much. We are co object labelers.
who would ever tell you to wear that????
Happy Birthday !! Have a great day today!
TIRED UPSET CONFUSED AND HURT ENOUGH SAID
Rare is the day that can't be improved with a random "Incontinentia Buttocks" reference.
Let's Go Jets!!
working on our new myspace, you get to see it soon!
What I learned is that the law doesn't define what gives you residency. Often it's mail/bills going to an address.
it wouldn't be fair- I'm way too MN Twins biased!
Cant stop laughin...not too mention Im on my dutch flow...gtfoh NOW SECURITY lmao
I'm thinking that if I filter every 't' out of my TL, it'll make just as much sense
oh well thanks for your permission dad. Haha
CAMBRIDGE, Wis. (AP) -- The mother of NASCAR driver Matt Kenseth has died.
The only good about today is that I get to have my paycheck later.
go get your keys to the city!
I think its better that you didnt. You woulda been hypin lol
Intruiging! Will wait for more, then.
should prolly start memorizing her monologue she has to perform for her final in front of the whole class tonight...
yea yea yea punk
Just fell asleep and typed 4 lines of z in textmate. Symbolic? I think so.
I seriously think needs 2 do a seminar w/ the #Eastbay reps & teach them how 2 treat people & introduce the no complaining rule
Oh man. So excited to get out of these dress pants.
Falling asleep in a sweatshirt is the most comfortable thing in the world.
Want to change my @ name to just slutdrop but some whore who barely uses twitter has it as her name. Get out bitch.
got u
legislation does not equal reality. The US considers corporations people too.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. - Confucius
Kansas is ok but I like Kentucky more
yeah totally! too bad they broke up
Thank you! And thanks for your help :)
Watching Troi get romanced by a quarter Betazoid on Star Trek and this dialogue is TERRIBLE. Sigh.
Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too
RT : Next time someone says Y.O.L.O. I'm gonna pull out my gun and say "sadly..."
M. Wow, I know I am neglecting Twitter when I barely recognize any names in my feed. Puzzling...
Embrace the moments that make you smile the most.
good luck to best cutman in biz jimmy glenn working shane mosley's corner tonight in vegas
Thanks for the reminder (I'm a spouse) I write about supporting mil families! :-)
Gotta buy lots of enzyme deodorizer...
Is there a weight limit to driveways/ streets?? #deepthought 💢💣🚚🚇
that's ok, I pray every day someone takes out the Obamas.
Great post! I have neglected morning pgs. last few weeks--tomorrow I will restart! Thanks :)
GoOdNiGhT lOvEs ♥ .
I was grumbling about being stuck behind the commencement procession until I got close enough to see their faces. Can't help but smile!
Show no mercy
We love kidrauhl our hero <3
great great reviews on Country meets Dixie album with DUKES of dixieland. performing nightly out on deck Natchez NOLA 6-9PM just a swingin'
Just made it up one day and we liked it/thought it fit our sound! :)
So in love with you cause we like to party
I'm thinking about it
Have the finalists been announced yet?
nevermind then ha
I Aint Tryna Be Basic , Growing With Your Friends , And Being The One Who Made It
a little late here, but yes, that is me!
Actually for the 13th win I was in bed with an AM radio listning to the game since it was after my bedtime.
your diagnoses! RT Podophilia is an attraction to or fetish for for feet.
Anyone going to Ultra today ?
Pretty good day today. Now its friends time.pi
I will be part of ‘s BUS STOP ‘Tweet Seat Nite’ on Wed! Follow #tweetmct for details
***Sniff Sniff**** I miss yall already!!!
EJ getting some extended time with Good for him RT : Nice work bullpen
no proof
The newsletter has gone out just in time for Turkey day. If you don't get it... boy did you miss out this month!
I'm really sick of articles with "related" links at the bottom that change each time you load the page. Y U HATE BACK BUTTON, BRO?
my parents called me a liar, i looked at them and said: "Santa Claus, tooth fairy, Easter Bunny" and walked away
i cant here them right now oh ye remember the plan for tomorrow for the harmonica
Head is still hurting.
you win. And by win I mean lose.
The influence of LTI & CYH is obvious, but when I heard The In Sound from Way Out! I realized what great, true musicians they were.
thanks. c:
Is it me or is playoff hockey more gangsta than regular season hockey? Go #Caps!
Watching the KU/Ohio St. game with
lets get it time
Back campaigning, will be w/ Henrico Dems 2nite. TY for kind messages. My wife now in Brazilia to be w/ her mother for final illness.
I will build pyramids where ever I go, I will touch hearts and I will start fires. I will eat this life alive.
Just skipped to the front of the line for harry potter and has the most awesome seats
It's taken me nearly 35-years to come to this conclusion, but I'm fairly certain that peanut butter is the greatest thing ever.
We got a game folks
Having a bigtime in Ashland and Greenup today. I cannot wait to watch these counties roll-in come November!
Listening to Rafi's Nature Boy from My Island while I make strawberry sauce & bake pound cake for a summer's over trifle.. a beautiful day
Guys who give amazing hugs >
Miami Tomorrow? Yea I'll be there
that sentence sort of makes sense, actually. And that statement is very true ;D
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have. - Woody Allen
make sure you use SPF 30 at least. we love you on fashion police!
and to even equate mud wrestling to MMA offensive....
we don't give a fuck cause
Got my ticket!
Apr 24,1932: Churchill was unsure of title 'Great Contemporaries'. "Perhaps Famous Contemporaries - Great is such a commonplace expression"
Flatbread: Grilled Chicken, Bacon, Tomato, Spinach, Parmesan peppercorn Soups: Watermelon Gazpacho or Korean Pork & Vegetable
How Fitness Boot Camp Help You To Stay Fit
I'LL BE YOUR BEST FRIEND ~megan
hm are you staying downtown near the river walk or the airport?
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Doesnt matter what age, cattiness can still be very much alive in anyone. Lucky me i don't have a large social circle
So do I! And I love The Oatmeal, but always forget to read it.
#GRAMMYs Executive Producer Ken Ehrlich says Jennifer Hudson will perform a Whitney Houston tribute at show Sunday night
That's crazy when mfrs get around they friends they be a totally different person.
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.
Thought i was da only one but dats my fav slow jam of all time for sum reason ": #whathappento J Holiday? Falsetto was the biz! I
Prom wasn't as special as I thought it would be..
To be honest, every time you say "serial entrepreneur", I hear "Cereal Entrepreneur".
Happy Monday!!! Beat the HEAT with an ICE COLD glass of Stinky Gringo Margaritas!!!!
Work is almost over come on 12am...on vacation all next week can't wait for the lsu vs bama game
Happy Birthday Madison #Happy14BirthdayMadisonWilliamAlamia ;D <33 love you.!
Thank you so much for the #FF love!
Defiantly! Love you bestfriend!! 😊
which modem is having the issue, the SMC or Arris or both?
4 days to xmas! Can't wait :)
A persons destiny is not wrapped up in another persons thoughts or actions
Thank you, Julia!
I'm just saying, if serenaded me with Introducing Me, I'd run away with him.
“: no , io preferisco ”RonPaul is interesting. I like libertarian i am also proud of Prez Obama. Ciao!
that's quite stiff competition.
Waking up on your own > alarm clocks
Life is like an hour glass glued to the table.
...and the importance of adding a constitutional amendment that keeps marriage between a man and a woman.
young based god and my girls Miley Cyrus party in the USA oh my god
Hatred stirs up dissension, but love covers over all wrongs. -Proverbs 10:12
I need to get to the Met Ball somehow before I die. Oh, it's going to happen! I want too!
Congratulations to Goodwill Industries - Big Bend, Inc. on winning Non-Profit/Association of the Year Award from the TalChamber of Commerce!
I hear ya. I think and may be easiest in terms of importing your old blog from old platform?
Latest word on mi ol' book: "THE BEST meta anti Novel I've ever had the pleasure to fall through like butterscoth pudding..."
Walking thourgh my hotel, Beyonce starts playing....this guy starts dancing like he's in the video! Smh.
Thank u Lord for letting us see another day
BEG won best feature and for best actor, Tony Moran at The Rhode Island International Film Festival!! Congrats everyone!!!
Ask how many fucjs I give.
A spot where at bruh? I'm debating whether I wanna be in the dorms or not.
I hate the term 'serious' 2 describe relationships, I prefer 'spontanious', 'unpredictable' or 'chaotic fun house of terror'
What a sad and joyful night. Man I'm gonna miss you
Peyton Manning ... it's the dumbest thing.
yeah I caught the game today fell asleep last night. Philly got some talent!
I was successfully cleaning my room...... and then i got distracted by Tumblr.
I saw your mom on a dubstep commercial last night.
1200 for a lawyer. Fuck my life.
Red Robin... YUM and so was the company.
You all look so beautiful! Kelly, I didn't recognize joust first. Gorgeous!
I hate when my dad talk 2 me like I'm he's friend. WTF
How is Tim Tebow going to be worked into today's show? I know you guys will do it somehow. You won't let me down!
Dani California - Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Thanks for the generous RTs, Si!
Jeff McDonald: Daniel Chong was handcuffed the entire time in DEA custody and probably spent entire weekend in darkness.
good grade on my research paper feels good :)
which one of us is Harry and which one of is Lloyd?
Your a little person and a vitriolic troll. You wouldn't dare actually intelligently speak ur mind w/o hiding behind tweets...
Too much goob. My goobmeter is broken.
No fruit ever appears on the tree of discontentment!
thanks for the follow sarah!
Poll of the day: Why might #healthcare providers be reluctant to confer #patients' rights?
Yes, I do, actually. RT : "you know how to deep throat a pizza!!!" random girl to random guy at Fongs
I'm really not sure why anyone would want to walk or bike across the Mississippi River. I'm not sure I could deal with the smell that long.
Just left my dude house .. Fuck Bill O'Reilly an fuck that dude Malcom. R.I.P Nippi haa
hey... getting ready for a pbl101 in Michigan with Dayna... even more ready for NOLA... hope all is well!
Never trust a girl who calls you by her ex's first name!
Just heard Mel Kiper call Redskins' Mike Shanahan a quarterback guru. Really? Besides John Elway, what QBs has he developed? Oh wait.
They all look lazy, minus KB24 RT : yep. Gasol especially needs to step it up. He's looking so lazy out there.
#Loex2012 Prof. Brian Stone presents an excellent video demo on vacation to Mars with excellent motion graphics! Wow!
I'm not sure what brought on your tearful tribute to the plight of Geordi, and I don't care. All I know is that I'm weeping.
Sorry Anna, but it's painfully true.Series has always meant more to South Side than North Side.
Woke up 40 minutes late to my first class. FUCK!
This sucks. I got locked out of the bedroom cause I was farting.
There's no reason to watch it, really. Just read my Cliff's notes. :)
Smile and good things will follow. www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
well that’s awesome, I will definitely try to make it to a game one of these days.
just woke up.
Hipsters will never wear these glasses again... SO last week. RT Alert your favorite hipster: wapo.st/qQTyI7
My immune system <<<
Psycho is following me.
whoa whoa whoa, take it easy with the avatar
and you ttweet justin bieber saying I'm lying thanks aa bunch!
Guy from #jerryspringer is a joke lmfao!!
Fill me up with one more of "Romeo and Juliet" and I will gag.
I want to see this... 'Magic Trip' - A Film by Alex Gibney and Alison Ellwood - Now on Demand and In Theatres
I Believe I can Fly... Untill I jump and realize that I can't...
Knicks are just dysfunctional
Keith Wetmore of MoFo must be the best dressed law firm chairman in the biz.
They're in the trusted hands of UPS and FedEx now for delivery tomorrow!
#raw10 I saw a disc jockey, he had the crowd partying n amazed, pure Magic, bcause he only had one arm. They said his name was DJ Leftside!
Who should host the Bluebell Junior League’s annual turtle race? Why, the Mayor, of course! #HartofDixie Tonight at 8PM!
except Keri is a brilliant writer. Cassie excels in posting pictures of her cooch online.
Just read that #Geraldo says that #trayvon's hoodie may have had something to do with his death. I hope this is a mistake.
I hope Santa brings me a nice boy this year.
Bokura ga Ita, unfortunately. I started it and now I have to see it through the end! RT : What're you watching this weekend?
be my lady, my baby c;
I love that poem!
He voted against it. His light is in the lower right hand corner
Just left Showman's & soulful sounds of John Tendy, Kyle Koehler & Jason Brown. Tendy kind enuff to share the stage w/me for couple of tunes
i want to hear "Young Homie" by #mrchrisrene Pls play it :)
This Monday, January 23, we will be closed until 6 pm, to celebrate Chinese New Years! Open Mic at 9 pm, as usual.
FOOD!! Crazy but this is the most I've eaten today
"WHAT'S UP WITH THAT FUCKIN DELIVERY BOY?!"
Dear Math, go buy a calculator and solve your own problems. I'm a teenager, not a therapist.
Will be back in Bordeaux in May. I truly love this place for the wine of course, but everything else too. Fantastic!
#IfIHadThePower I would abolish all cars and organize a giant game of paintball on the abandoned highway system.
spread to the world
No Excuses No Apologies
baby bash remixes go girl. hahaha. #xmradio....you crazy.
they should've stayed home!
upload your music to www.sa-urban.com
Will do, or rather, will not (be a stranger)!
my sister has too many clothes and still takes mine and loses them :( <<<<<<
absolutely not!! #stillloveyouthough ;)
Favorite credit line ever? At the bottom of a label for a Gorky painting in show -- "Property of a gentleman".
THEM? You mean THOSE? Ebonics won't get you nowhere, baby!
we would absolutely love to see you doll! (:
all the best.
Amar'e is going to try to turn that sling into a fashion statement
#NFLPlayoffs Tejas going to take this game
well no, I'm probably going to have more cuz this means I gotta go out to grab somethin :( I found a subway nearby, hehe
Get out of the kitchen. U know you are gonna have haters here. #kirstiealleys comment abt your hair is too freaking funny!
ah stop and do u have ur cell? Cuz I can't tumblr message u it
Good morning, my apologies but the Bone Marrow Benefit I was asked to perform at tomorrow has just been cancelled. Enjoy your weekend. XOXO
Exactly 7 days later...my presentation was off the charts :) #winning (Thankful for the people who helped me)
Happy Sunday, to you, too! :)
RT : YOGA NOW...outside come on... take a minute and just move and breathe... :)
OH CRAP ITS SUNDAY
Even tho you may not have faith in faith, faith has faith in you.
"Girl" is not necessarily offensive, but it's often used to diminish women. Exposure to diversity issues can rob one of humor.
Meditation Tip cont: Slowly breathe in for about 8 secs, then hold for 2 more & exhale. Focus on breath, nose, & stomach as the air travels.
Thanks for the great link. I shared it with all my friends.
My baby popped all the buttons off my labtop keyboard :(
Only your mom and dad know the words to your "dope" single you been pushing on a blank cd
We can solve many of today's troubles by supporting those charities that bring real solutions!!!
thanks for the
18 yrs experience and thousands of biomechanics assessments along the way.
I am a Trulia Pro member now! 2.5 million people use the mobile app, now you can also to search my listings!25% of Trulia's weekend traffic!
we have a free CD for you! Email our manager and she will send you one!
Time for bragging rights! What's the best film/TV series that you've worked on in Pittsburgh?
Mashed potatoes can be your friends
": Dear Bella, Does the fact that all of the Cullens know when you're on your period bother you? Sincerely, that's just creepy"
thanks 4 the follow!
thank you for checking her out!! She is awesome!
"We were together. I forget the rest." --Walt Whitman
I'll be stopping through to see you guys.
ya'll get it together:(
lol "I don't like bombs"
Train well. Eat well. Ride fast! Your cycling should be a joy, in whatever way you define it. Whether it's winning the sprint at a race...
LMAO Not hot flashes Jaz... but dont try to blame me... its yo house so it was yo choice either way.! Mmph
I end with 5 min walk then 12% incline for 5 min then repeat. Keeps my heart rate up pretty well
I think they held off on the email announcement. That's all. I was confused momentarily. Hope you are doing well. :-)
Again I'm not putting Romo in best QB of all time category, obviously-but he belongs in top tier of current QBs
EH wrong answer, boyo! NYU to Astoria to the Lincoln Tunnel? TRY AGAIN.
5-5-82 Junkyard Dog and Mr. Olympia beat Samoans for Mid South tag titles
Don't walk in front of me for I may not follow. Don't walk behind me for I may not lead. Don't walk beside me either. Just leave me alone.
That would've been myself and ... surprisingly... roomy!
Word, thanks! Glad you're digging it
Watching this piece and I just don't get it. I love art, but this is absurd and the cost is insulting and embarrassing.
Let's go Tigers!
Enjoying local media reporting with a straight face that the Willie Nelson statue will be dedicated at 4:20 this afternoon.
": Hope you all can get out to see the moon" overcast in Chicago. Hope it clears up!
ah, y se me olvido el chucho de los simpsons y el robot de android...LOL..puta, que bayuncos...
Happy Valentine's Day, everybody! Are you doing anything special today?
i am working on yours
"You Lie" outburst during Obama speech already on Wikipedia's descriptor of S. Carolina Congressman Joe Wilson.
The handles are long so it must be something that goes in an oven/fireplace. I'm going to say fancy toast.
I swear we're not a twitter robot... We just are slow at getting shit started!
When I get to.school, im finsstaah do spanish.
yeah yu right(;
check ya tweets 4 days ago at 2:19 a.m youll see :"(
Guys follow my friend <3
Masters.com blows me away every year.
I have killed at least 20 gnats in my office this morning due to my broken window!
Social media is officially now my life & livelihood. Not that that's a bad thing ;)
I don't affiliate with people in tha' past. Like Drake said... "Holla' if you got me, & fxck you if you had* me." ♥
I'm on my campus windows machine now--the first time I set it up I was on my netbook, and everything looks slightly different...
Putting makeup on when you can't wear contacts and are blind as a bat is a really interesting situation. This should be a fun week.
Sicker than a dog. But I have never actually seen a sick dog so not entirely sure.
Old news, but still: Titus Andronicus is a good fucking band.
I think Pamela anderson happens to be the most beautiful white woman in the world, as she ages she looks more amazing
Y.O.L.O isn't an excuse to do whatever the hell you want..
Laying low today. The wedding last night was super fun! And now I need to recover a little bit. :)
AY TAN SAD RT Friends will betray u, best friends will disappoint u, & boyfriends will hurt u. learn to accept loneliness
Going to bed not talking to you sucks.
All of it :D RT : RT this if you watched the Season Finale of FRINGE last night and tweet us your favorite moments!
Hey Kate can you follow me thanks Bobby Howard. xoxo :-)
New Orleans #ALA booth 2416, stop by & tell us your students' & patrons' successes using LearningExpress Library or Job & Career Accelerator
Dick Ruhe is our guest today, talking about a very timely topice! "Leadership during Tough Times." Join us!
is attempting this once again - new phone to new FB page. Will it work?!?
Just 'member that gravity's a limitation in expanding the library's teen space to the moon, since you're thinking it's so sexy.
would you mind going out with a guy like i have pretty cute dimples if thats a plus
First morning after turning last project in. I'm free! I'm free! I'm... bored? Uh oh.
So. Many. Split. Ends.
There is no remedy for love but to love more. Henry David Thoreau
Are the Lakers serious?
Love your pic! The Mac & Mahon is one of the best comfort foods.
Y&R
In the future..these business trip flights need to be scheduled later in the day. I can't handle waking up at 330am anymore.
had a great time at the Nats game on Friday and the Newseum yesterday. Off to Eastern Market this afternoon and a CRUISE tonight!
I didnt know buttons were cute
Oh sorry got carried away lookin at some stars photos :D and weird lol
His smile >>>
sounds like a dirty joke!!
I swear i aint lyinq when i say i hate FAKE M'F*S.!
I know!!!! Hard to believe but it actually happens. And I am more than happy to point it out to them when they do.
thanks!! Rich with wine is a good thing!
#rip Bob Marley
Do you believe in the power of dreams?
AFScme collecting petitions to protect WRS. Says "they" want to change it. We don't.
Tuesday.Just.Started. Monday. Almost. Over.
avoid the TouchPro2, have it for work and hate it. very clunky and slow IMO. Not so sure about the others
Who wants to DJ for us on Friday? Tweet your favorite station w/ hashtag #IncrediBullRadio. We'll listen along.
Hope everyone had a wonderful & safe Friday 13th!! I went to Disneyland to see the fireworks which I love, great day!!!!!
You added my as friend on youtube:) and writed me thanks 2 years ago! Can you please follow me?♥ Love you Christian! 3
miss you too! Tweeting from a rest stop somewhere near Lansing, MI.
Having Zense for lunch makes me think of :) miss you girl!
Just found out ill be reppin Vera Wang in my best friends wedding this summer. Swag two button
I love yer voice ! Yu should sing more .
Pink polo with camo shorts and some vans tomorrow?
It's harder to get his attention now..
Oh, I'm serious! We can do our house. A Saturday? Sunday? Before or after the holidays?
Hosting a chat at RAW INK ONLINE tonight helping students as they put together their papers for tomorrow. We have about six students now.
and I you, brother.
somebody get you all starbucks and shot of whatever & write a hit song! :) jetlag no exuse!
It doesn't really matter in the end I guess, but curious if it's possible. Thinking not.
Haha your whack. Make believe ass ni**a. Only black ass promoter who wouldn't throw Kmel parties. In Oakland w/ kmel now
