imma sweet person lmao no homo
RT: : nudity is the best policy :D
Nah. Not tonight, but thanks! Art stuff to do.
Got money on the nuggets tonight!!
God pushes me through all the pain and the weakness
here you can have this turd cookie i didnt really want to eat it anyway youre welcome
Excited to serve you! RT RT : Just passed the opening up on Diversey Ave. excited to try it!
We're too cool to be alone But, not too crazy to get busted-Matchbox Twenty, Busted
Awhh thanks! Anytime baby girl! I'm always here! Love you more!
The day continued with two tracks, each packed with valuable content and interactive Q&A sessions
Brushing my teeth and washing my face with bottled water. How Beacon Hill-ish.
Nanny Pick-Up line: I lost my rubber duckie. Would you bathe with me instead?
From NYU Campus Transportation: Routes B,C,&E will operate on a regular schedule through and including Tues May 15th.
Last week #MeekMills House Party was renamed #LaunchParty shut it down over 400 witnesses to the way the Djs killed it.
instead of acting all high and mighty, some people just need to grow up and get over themselves and go on with their life. time to grow up
omg tht happen but the teacher turned round and said this ones on heat and this ones on enery it wass so boring !!!!!
Brian Roberts is on Twitter? Why? Can't people just get the same information from reading an Orioles injury report?
Follow back? & I love your tweets lol. :)
thanks for the retweet! On my way back to showroom round two... It's a mess need help or Vodlka
Rumor has it.
When are you going to move?!?
#SomeoneIWantToMeet i'd have to say it'd be.... nicki minaj. i love her more than anything.
Damn Tonight <<<<
It isn't the best way to judge who is good and who isn't, but when it comes to historically... it's one of the few tools we have.
Yep! I'm staying in tonite:)
Delectable chocolate covered treats and juicy delicious burgers?! What more could you want?!
RT : Need Occupiers for the money out of politics conf this sat free food press pls msg me
awl what a smart way to get a dose of dog.
my poor oliver is scared of storms! this is going to be a long night..
Holy cow. You ARE single. That's impressive but also crazy.
My mom has some Peach moonshine... 😂
Think the Blues have a shot today??
why do I always see your mentions late? -_-
Some people overbuy their cars - for example by adding an engine
Ghetto BASIC bitches with money smh #Love&HipHop
I've never been to such a lively LIS event! (Without drinks.)
The great end of life is not knowledge but action. Thomas H. Huxley
Okay and Sure :D
#soonernation what round do you think will go in?
I can do this all day! Show you pics of all those who had copy lady gaga! Lol *I don't have 36 hours for all that work*
what's going on in that game now?
The Office season two has as much Chili's as Friday Night Lights had Applebee's.
that is funny.
its illegal to beat up 14 year old girls. Already looked into it..
. I have a ? about "MSACSR". Is the Y-axis supposed to be months? The notes make it sound like it should be a ratio
Needs to get a job. Going to apply to today
I like the #buffetrule....the JIMMY BUFFET rule. #its five o-clock somewhere
Hey Bret, stick with what's working. Run the ball!
I feel like if somebody sits on a lap they have to ask for some presents.
Sometimes you just want to talk about your research, and I love that.
GIMMIE A BEER heavy on the root #;)
Mickey Mouse Club reunion.. Please 💗🎶💗🎶
I will.
Indiana Pacers have played a great game so far....I'm impressed.
so you cool RT“: I am in like 3 pages of the yearbook lol”
Wanna free acting class? Come tomorrow at 1pm to Actors Comedy Studio and check out our Hollywood Youth classes!
Just had a moment where I felt really grateful for being exposed to literary & rhetorical devices in HS.
Hey, I think I *played* that mall with a church group in high school, haha. As the cliché goes, it gets better.
Bacon Happy Hour......... I think i know what I'm doing next week!
Have my mind made up :)
emma watson.
always looking for some help with that!
How many books are you at for the year? I've slowed down, I think. I'll finish my 58th today.
If mediatakeout had a twitter I would at them
So You&#39;ve Decided to Host an Orgy
Obama: the House won't be the same without Barney Frank
smoking = messes in the kitchen.
Last week of month 1 of #insanity!!!!
What kind f surgery did you have??
no problem!
Hey chick how you been :) it's been a wile
Oh geez..FAIL. Sorry..XD
Thanks for sharing my post! You are probably getting pounded in NJ, huh? Raining/windy here in DC.
man jack I been chilling. U still been on that rappin shit
I'm not dumb. I just have a command of thoroughly useless information. - Bill Watterson
RT Let's welcome the first lady to twitter. we are happy to have you!
Thanks for years , you are leaving a huge void
When people TRY to be funny <<
Haters gonna hate, #MAHOMIES gonna love <33
my pleasure amy. I am a big Rahsaan fan, especially on flute he and Eric Dolphy superb.
Literary debate: Which book should I read next? "Maurice" or "A Room of One's Own"?
Thanks Bernard and hope you are well and let me know if you would like to donate for my books! Cheers, Layden.
#Medeco - 6th question: What is the Maximum Adjacent Cut Specification (MACS) for Original key systems?
Reading Beaton in Vogue- visually stunning. Review to follow.
lolol. Your welcome.
And the madness continues! Amped for and tonight at #WillametteValleyMusicFest!
you're welcome Tony! Anytime!
Do you ever stop and think before you tweet
Help! I am searching for an executive to interview re: Sustainability or Corporate Responsibility for MBA assignment. Recommendations?
I love it here minus the rain
oh really---its cloudy in Dallas--only a few sunrays....oh reffing thats a fun job
Thank you!
I need a coffee. Now!
There's George Washington on one shoulder and the devil on the other. The devil is saying you'll be fine, go with what you used to do.
Hahaha me to!
#thewayiseeit im living my life to da fullest
So the sox guy throwin perfect against the twinkies. Try that with the #TIGERS !!! Didnt think so
here in Abq a guy opened a restaurant. Stop N Go. Sign looked like In-N-Out and had same type menu.
I know I'm late with this but Happy(belated) B-day!
Hey girl! Your profile pic is so cute!
So Apparently We Wont Work If iDont Smoke With You Once . So That Means We Not Workin Right now Huh ?
Vegas was fun.... Cinco de Mayo in San Diego will probably be better ;)
I might even try my luck at Blackjack or some other; the evening is young and I'm feeling lucky.
Suggesting Black Cocoa Creme next time..m! RT : Starting Tuesday morning off with a medium French Vanilla
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Fine copy of the original soundtrack to "Muscle Beach Party" on vinyl with Annette looking innocent and scrumptious at Memory Lane
So much today.
aww.. RIP Dick Clark.. sad! What a legend!
Did I say we would help the green company finance through private investor. Great deal for company in start up mode.
Had a great time at the Elliott Brood show in Charlottetown.
Not my job.
Can't fucking believe that call. Robbing both my niners and my fantasy team of points you cheating pieces of shit.
It was a good day today. had a cigar at a nearby lounge, talked with the mayor there and now I am going to be working on his Senate Campaign
#SEXnote to men: NO WOMAN (except a loose vagina) enjoys PUMPERS...it feels like your masturbating with her vagina #SLOWstrokes gets it DONE
passed on. That will make Dodie's Fayed's family very happy. Give them peace, they can talk with him. I'll write a book that outlines this
" Your positive energy and vision must be greater than anyone’s negativity. Your certainty greater than everyone’s doubt."
Awesome quote and 100%agreed ": My constant prayer for myself is to be used in service for the greater good. -Oprah"
it helps she didnt get much for breakfast. Teachers says small/no meal and generous treats for training :)
Haha, me too RT : With each older swimmer's successful comeback (Evans, Ervin, Hansen, Torres) I just feel fatter and fatter.
. Frank and I just had breakfast together
has the worst costumer service I have dealt with in a long time... Thanks for making me stranded
Never fails out here.
I create stunning art for print and web. Visit my online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com Michael Calixtro
what time?
One of the greatest pitching performances in #Brewers history. Wasted. Still in disbelief 15 hrs after it happened.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: In family law as in so many other realms of life, you can usually get more with sugar than with vinegar.
What a crazy day to start as a blazer...
Stop in and grab a slice o' da week, The Carne Fresco: Bunzel's Pepperoni, Fresh Mozzarella, and fresh oregano.
your leaving
#GoodTimes - my favorite episode has to be "Black Jesus".
Thx to the music lovers who came to our gigs @ Cotton Club in Tokyo!I heart Japan.Today's itinerary: Norita-LAX-JFK.See you soon! Gambarimas
I want an Ice Blue BONG!.
When my workout partner is hungover.... or still sleeping <<<<<<
So many rangers fans at this bar
i think im going to need a massage tonight!!! gonna be sore :)
good day!
merry Xmas!!!
Saw today w/ birder friend in Stanwood, Wa Arctic Snowy Owls, Short Ear Owls, many eagles, Harriers, rough-legged & red tailed hawks!!!
Great Day in Church today as we celebrated God's Love through Valentines Day Sunday. Preached sermon "I'll Always Love You" 1Cor. 13
I just saw the new icarly blooper episode... that was honestly the worst episode of icarly ever. Seriously, Im so dissapointed.
when is this nightmare going to end and we come into our riches?!?
they're pointing the finger at the when in truth it's their own negligence that caused the situation
SEO Rich - twitter.com/expert
currently texting ♥
double duty homie
Tracy: Google has a rule that software engineers can't be more than 100 ft from food!? Why don't librarians have this rule???
We are ready for Mother Nature and whatever she sends our way.
myspace is full of fail
The #eldercarechats are the 1st and 3rd Wednesday of the month. Looking forward to seeing you when you can join!
Blue Valentine. Great movie. Great castings.
G'night twitter
I love it! Haha! I'm thinking about ordering the long sleve white tour shirt...how do you like it?
#WhatIMissMost is your late night phone calls...
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens. Jimi Hendrix
we need to make a list of 100 things to do before graduation
hillbilly? I've been listening to rap every day for over 10 years I can re site almost any rap song
Lessons from watching Hellraiser: Never go home with someone you meet at a bar. Especially if her roommate has a bunch of nails in his face.
I just got back home from new orleans
Aye my driver side window roll down. Blessed beyond measures.
that's what's up.. Aww, I was hoping I could have used it for a visit.. Oh well:( lol
Damn our old page on twitter had over 1500 followers...time to step our game up!
Old heads outchea, fat asses and flirtin 
Governor General&#39;s Itinerary for the Visits to Brazil, Barbados and Trinidad and Tobago
Peaceful night at #highfalls too peaceful... Kinda creepy!
welcome to the game. I got all these apps I like to evangelize about so I'll have to put u invite list now.
What are you working on?
HD members keep praying! is thinking about it! Pray for & they might come back too!! LOL!
Hosting Holiday guests? get your goodies at the ! Saturdays 9 am to 2p!
definitely the best times ever, except after warped haha (:
not yet
I don't usually like/take naps, but one is definitely necessary before Derby Sanchez tonight
This is you Jericho
"put the seatbelt back on, you stupid piece of bitch." "the fuck. that made no sense.." LMFAO.
Thanks for the birthday wishes my man!
OH. Thanks for clarifying for me.
No one gets me like you when you kiss me, Girl you rock me harder than some downtown band.
LK gets our vote!
I love Adventure Time. It's amazing. xD
of course.
- Thank you following us!
have fun.. imma be sitting home alone -__-
We won "Best Bookstore" in the "Best of Burque" contest! Thanks so much to all of you who voted for us!
The Brewers have started wearing ruby slippers.
. encourages exposing process of hum. work WHILE it's happening & argues 4 libraries as location for this// Yes!
I'm off to the heart of Rust Belt Chic, the amazing , to meet some writers.
Just hit the 200-Likes mark. We really like all 200 of you too. Big Hugs.
It's only Monday, but I am congratulating myself for making it through the day with a level head.
don't you dare fall for his shit ! #I'llKillYou
Would like to see an Ana-them records band play in some day.
If you have not had a sit down meeting with your direct reports in the last month, go sit in a corner.
Yes! #Easter RT : The closing video today at was one of the most powerful things I've ever seen at any church. Wow!
Seguin wearing the chain after the gw making him first recipient of both the chain and the jacket
I will have to look it up in the Encyclopedia Britannica! LOL It should be in the history section!
Free my GrandMom
Have a great weekend
Congrats on DWTS, it just sucks that I'm going to have to watch it now.
Cause You're A Dum Dum Beetle Head. Lmaooo
nothing to hear but lots to see-visual artist =)
Oh ok, i get it
Good luck coach.
Just picked up my bike from It has a shiny new chain & clean drive train. Those guys are awesome. Free coffee too :)
were you on tv?!
Make sure he secures that toupee. RT Former Oklahoma State great Bill Self shooting 3's at Kansas shoot-around.
At Catalina Jazz Club on Sunset and Highland waiting for one of my favorite jazz vocalists Diane Shuur to come on stage. Excited!
Pumped for #THEBANGARANG 5 year anniversary party tonight. The original crew back in the spot to! and on TUNES!
#raw10 as a Kid, I fought wit a guy over a girl. I won but she went wit the other Guy anyway. They have 5 kids n divorce. A Loser never wins
This bish would fuck with middle eastern rich boys just to be seen getting off a beamer.
goin' the extra mile & killin' them with kindness....
Do you have an opinion on Body by Vi?
sorry about that! That would diff piss me off! I don't understand why someone would want to do that????
I hope that doesn't mean I've got a wak score or anything!? Of course your number will be way better than mine gorgeous! :)
what you going hard over there for
o.o thought u said he got u o
Thanks Erin! Hopefully you'll get a taste at one of our grand opening events.
I don't care, you flirt with my boyfriend or anything. I'll say something.
Whither the bros of yesteryear?
How do you manage your social media streams #mwrc12 ?
Me, too. I can have it, but since the radiation it doesn't do anything for me. Adieu Stoli.
Tough d now #ku ... Ohio St unraveling
Sorry to hear! You should tell your neighborhood watch group about our site/app! Its designed to help in situations like that
D Boys Be The Livest.
We feel your pain! And what you do for beer money is your own business.
oh you are so welcome! It totally made my day! :-)
Networking can be fun and rewarding if you chose who to develop a relationship with, wisely. If someone is looking for an angle, forget them
oh #syracuse I know I am young but my heart can't take these close games! but one hell of a game ..LETS GO
ok you is followed :)
you must be back from paris :)
u better start following our class! Got Ron following us already!!
Love Luma. Working tonight though!
Lebron needs some rest.
She gets it. Now she knows what it's like to be a minority.
Do you like my new name?Lol.c;<
Finally getting to shower 💦
I just might be more excited for 10:14 tomorrow than u r<3 freshly washed my mahomie gear and wearin everything red! Sweet 16!
LOVE starting the week off right w/ Newsletter! The list of 12 things the BEST Coaches do better than the rest is on point!
At My Twitter name so i know its real!
"You know, I graduated summa cum laude That’s why they thinking I’m Illuminati"
I'm on line researching Mr. B. and his Big Band. He was before his time. An originator! Gotta Love Him!
i keep failing those unit circle quizzes for geometry. D': i need a tutor please.)':
"Do you promise" might be the best line in two seasons
I wonder how will keep customers. My emails are running 22 hours behind.
😏RT : All on my mind. Gotta fade this. 😏
I got to wait a month to go to Alabama >.<
The red line smells like beer.
ah. I smell a cliffhanger.
It's ok #DevilNation. Remember last series? Didn't Philly score first in every game we won?
Take time to count your blessings today!
Which one?
I LOVED Iron Man!💗He was just hilarious! I wanna see that movie a million more times!
I don't believe in quotas. America was founded on a philosophy of individual rights, not group rights.-Clarence Thomas
No, I think 's favorite team is worse than yours
teaching masters level class:assignment to define "instructional design & technology"-what's your definition of the field??
breakfast at blind dog next week?
11:45 and just getting to our couch.
Good Morning. :) Today you should have some Pomegranate.
Mohammed Ali Zeinhom from Egypt did the most two-finger pushups with one arm in one minute (46). Whatever. I can eat 6 doughnuts in 1 minute
$NFLX Hastings: Ultimately, TV Everywhere/Xfinity will be main Netflix competitors.
Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your darkest hours.
Thank you for the shoutouts :)
haha not that sunny!! Lol. I'm almost done with the semester so that's all good. Deciding whether to stay here or back to MN
Bracing myself for a day full of meetings.
me too,I used to freaking hate him haha but I have a whole bunch of his merch;)
Haha.. Done it! “Next time a blocked number calls you answer like this: "Jim's whore house. You got the dough, we got the hoe."”
attending the Technology Stimulus Conference at Region 17.
It's like this institution as well as many others seek aggrandizement over equality, justice & liberty.
Info lit assessment: ask the right questions to get at learning not librarian performance.
you did your thing on the Risk It All Album keep putting out good music!!!!
we're lucky to have a smart young leader like yourself in our program! Have a good week!
can only imagine how it feels 2 live in TX. in philly and had heat wave 4 last 2 weeks n dont know how'd handle it all the time
In other office news, the gov't has fined my company $3 billion in tax penalties. Billion. Makes me think the censors are getting cleverer
yummy wings n music win win bidges!
RT “: I'm glad Mitt Romney wasn't in my school and I sure as **** don't want him in our White House #UnfitMitt”
good to know I'll try the one dntwn on Tryon
this lollipop got me good
you don't have to take it
no problem :D
I think it's almost time for a intervention. may be taking this Siri relationship too far.
Mission Repair was really good too. RT : My fave spot was the Molle Chevrolet commercial.
thank you! Happy Monday!
ill be in class @ nursing school tomorrow during the race BUT best believe if u will still be there its DEF getting DVR'd ♥
OR Maybe they did Thats why i handle my bizness personally.
I don't want to Wear skies that has wings on them
Why does Dawson's Creek make me cry? And why do I still have a crush on Pacey?
I like it like that she workin that back, slow motion for me ; )
4/19/1778->P. Henry:I hold myself obliged..to you for the manner in which you have recommended observance of my request for fattening Cattle
#gamesfemalesplay you wouldn't know because we don't tell you😏
Warn yourself up this holiday season with some delicious local chili !!!!!!!
He totally wants my dick.
Expectorate SPUTUM! :)
miss you to💙😊
man I do no how to spell I be n school writting god n english
Thanks for being an awesome luncheon keynote speaker at #fdpscc2012!
is this your new song obsession?
Yeah, poor Levon. Sad news.
Just gave a quick youtube lesson on Styx. Domo arigato, Teacup Roboto. Life is good.
Putting my money on boodymeister.
I've had those delicious cup cakes, and will again. I walk often quickly walk by your store, practicing discipline. LOL.
Rachel is a selfish cunt.
schurrs good:) when u gonna come visit? Lol
"ALOHA WILL NEVER DIE !"
And sure enough, three quarters of the league picked Hoffman and half the league picked Jacobson.
Act Like A Lady,Think Like A Men! I Just Got The Book About To See How Can I Win The Game!!!
Awesome! Honestly, never too early to start thinking abt it. Check out our resource center - berecruited.com/resources
#CriminalMinds=my favorite show I <3
Love to see where you hung them if you can tweet a picture. Glad they arrived safely.
So, you should know that is offering y'all's shakedown services (for good reason) in exchange for IPA six packs.
Protect & Nurture Design. Exciting afternoon at
Lies on the lips of a priest.
lol got u all day bro
Can't wait till the alcoa graduation tonight:)
I've got a donut for you, Britches. Come to Austin?
But I fixed that last night! It no longer counts! You still haven't seen Gremlins!
I eat breakfast around lunchtime. Lunch around dinner. And dinner as my midnight snack lol
#humblebrag RT : It's noon and I've already run out of things to do... Anyone else not working today??
The clouds of the emerald city have returned
Besides #modeling, I also want to start #dancing again. Anyone know of anywhere good around here?
shoe city?
Listening To This Girl And Her Boyfriend Argue Ctfu They Too Too Funny.
Because I blew my college fund on season tickets for the kings
yo your beats go super hard playa! I'm about too lease "so high"
Going to bed goodnight everybody sweet dreams:-)
I'm the type where you'd be sort of sad to see me go but not like, really sad to see me go.
mobile twitter sacks!!!
happy to mention your album, Nice work! Thoughts and prayers on the loss of your friend to you and his family...
yes sir, in snowy-slushy Sandy!
It's an honor to follow you! God Bless!
not anymore, he freaks shit if u call him that
Almost all absurdity of conduct arises from the imitation of those whom we cannot resemble.
I hope its 5 push ups ... Tubby ass
thats track is
they haven't loaded it onto iTunes because the season states 22 episodes and not 23...so I sent an email ...guess i have 2 wait
Coolin' watchin' Play-offs right now though!
yeah, that's because the respect wasn't all there. Sad face.
On this day in 1919, the Prohibition Amendment was ratified. Worst day in Big Bill's life...
FB ditched me... can you *%*$^ believe it!?
don't leave
Sorry for your loss, Tony. Sending my condolences.
no not yet i wanna get somethin tho :) he does skype with the people that buy his stuff so i have to buy somethin lol
Thank you Tri-C it was a beautiful day!
“: Guys with affliction shirts who keeps giving you tv shows”
ya off to the party?
RGA trying to do to Dalton (D) what DSCC did to Dole (R) in '08? define the candidate over the summer before the Fall?
chillin w U should come and join us for dinner?
Not sure the crowd wants to hear POTUS' actual to-do list: "Record demo track, Practice beer pong, Work on Swagger"...
miss ya too love. And sun.
I was just called a beautiful black princess. LMAO ? Um black really ?
My mom just said "the only two people I've ever seen float are marvin gaye and beetle juice...." O_o um whaaa?
What's with the 11 news chopper circling Annapolis?
That's definitely awesome! Not everyone is able to pull that off.
only giving you hard time. I love Marissa so much!
"Everything is changing. People are taking the comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke." Will Rogers
did you have a breakdown during Grey's?
Cavaliers earned the No. 6 seed and will face No. 3 Georgia Tech at 12 p.m. Thursday in Chapel Hill. Game televised live on RSN.
There's more to His plan than just paying the bills.
on my way to Bible Study
follow back ?[:
I love your their amazing just like you but what will it take get amazing you follow me
RT if your going to DRAKE tomorrow!(:
Typing on my cell phone since the computers are per occupied.
Thank you for the share!
~A Real Nigga Aint Gone Sit Around N Wait For Money To Fall On His Lap He Gone Get It How He can N Make Shyt Happen..#Pidd..!
We're chatting LIVE with Osama Bin Laden right now! Any questions you want us to ask him? Listen right now!! www.wltradio.tk
QoTD: "Never take anything for granted." (Benjamin Disraeli)
now that would be cool!
“: “: As cliché as it sounds, the game needs us.””
what was the question?
will do. Some time later today.
.....the ups and downs of being a fan....sometimes words cant explain how pissed I am
@ a dance nite guess what came on?! Jr senior-move ur feet!!! #sangro4ever :)
Your photography is amazing ...made me smile!
An almost-audible gasp at 's statement that digital humanities has been practiced for 60 yrs, since Fr. Busa.
thank you.
See everyone at the New Years Eve Event tonight!
More light! :) RT : That's just the lack of heat and light at the moment ...
K... don't lie about that now.
omg i am in love with #wheathins....imma need a whole box
Orange County! Bar330 Fridays at Birch St. Bar & Grill! Open Bar for $20. Doors open at 9:30pm. HipHop Joints at Friday Night Flavors 21+
happy holidays from Hollywood Ca
Stephanie &amp; Don&#39;s AZ Wedding | Anda Marie Photography ...
I still can't really go there. Nothin against her, but all the girls at my music school sang that damn song nonstop all summer
Watching the Tour de France. I guess Verses is good for something.
Exactly what I thought. RT That's sad, but I bet the 2 new shops will be amazing.
love your blog! I <3 halloween!!!
SPIFs are dead simple with Xactly. "Hand me a standard SPIF today and I'll have it up and running tomorrow" Cox Biz
hah you're hilarious
I can hardly bring myself to check MySpace these days...between Facebook and Twitter...I'm as connected as I need to be
Yankees < any other MLB team
RYAN BRAUN is trending
What a gwarn homme. Me nar see you lately
damn, shut up!
I feel bad now for making him worry even though, I just fell asleep :P
Anyone else having problems with ? As soon as I drop text or an image into the content field, the module freezes up.
watching Half & Half on tvone you are really great!!
Welcome to twitter
Did you know: As a female applicant you don't have to answer questions about your religious or cultural beliefs
Sandra Cook just proclaimed a National Teachers Day.
Everyone will ride with you in the limo, but the ones who matter will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down. - O.W.
I sent you a text. Well, if you have the same # as you use to. Lol
“ RT : Ministry does not primarily come from what we know, it comes from who we are.”
Annie Hall. Agree!
I wanna come back for a game over the summer! Is everyone playing again?
When I think of #Summer in #Minneapolis, I think of ________________.
I'm disappointed in this Kimye thing. I was hoping we'd go with Kandashian.
#WhatHurtsTheMost knowing you will never be with the one you love the most.
80% of heart disease cases are preventable. Choose life today. Small steps make a big difference.
wow! an avatar where your *entire* face is visible!
wahh! I know- 3 times a week just ain't enough. xo
I gotta lifetime warranty. Guaranteed. You'll never leave.
How an Introvert Used Social Media to Generate New Business and a New Career
Everyone come over to the on Monday from 5-7pm to see the awesomeness that is the All-Student Juried Show.
Good Morning
True, but you could easily split one Cheesecake Factory dish into two or even three normal sized meals.
Thanks for letting me use ur Internet tonight Scheest 😊
Thank you! There you go...667 /via
Very smart! RT : Fan engagement 101. already 36 "thank you" tweets this morn directly to fans....and increasing.
I love ya #Montreal!
Great! Just email me at and I'll give you P/U instructions. See you soon.
Aight Nick Perry im wit ya yes Whitneys Fell off my Board
OMG! #RoomRaiders is back?!?! Our adult lives are now complete.
Kristen Stewart always seems to be shaking off the effects of a tranquilizer dart.
Follow Please Please Please It Will Probably Make Her Life Lol :)
With the 198th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Chris Perez
and I are the only ones awake right now
- Thanks for the #ff - Agree on these as well -
omg LAY OFF RICK PERRY! He probably confused venture capitalism with nazism. Just leave him alone, it's an honest mistake.
I got my UFO,s I love these pants : )
Yeah, except they're The Goodman. Which means a lot more audience and Jeff Nominations.
but Carlos wrote invisible not Logan.. :)
worst. thing. ever.
have some BBQ for me!
Quality time with family > everything
everybody pleaz add she is an amazing role model!!!!
don't mind me.... I have an opinion about everything :) (btw, Keaton was fun in Edison)
story on ESPN needs to be fixed, his agent isn't Patrick Brougham, check PFT for better info
hey my sis are you on? :-)
'When feelings become more important than faith, people will become more important, & God will become less important.' -Ed welch
Just had 3 sessions in a row where the singer left w/ an extra octave of usable vocal range. I'll just say it, I have the coolest job EVER.
I #smh at stupid people!
thank you Nick for the encouragement.
yea my boy
Huge thanks to , , , & for ur help w/ #TecmoVIII. W/o u, there's no tournament.
I finally entered the Twittersphere - a long time coming....
Food fight! Tomatoes fly in Spain - Seattle Post Intelligencer
I need to meet new people who listen to the same type of music as I do man.
Gov Schwartz, trying to raise money
shoutout to for the pillows u really went clutch for me lol. i had these other pillows for a minute lmao
naw gotta watch it when I get on the comp. Herd the and the duets were awesome too
It's a CTRL+V kinda day...
every year.
no I was heading to Edmond. I made it, but people were driving like maniacs!
i am DISPLEASED with Newsweek and the internet will KNOW ABOUT IT. Because I DOMINATE. (except in the bedroom)
Bosh gotta go, love em to death, but he gotta go
CT official tourism video shows steam train, I thought it was Metro North's latest trains for Fairfield County.
frankie ill take them, do you want to meet up tomorrow at the theatre?
People more likely to vote or agree with content than create content.
I understand the need for proctoring/authentication, but the focus on it always makes me a bit sad and queasy.
Tight game for the #Huskies and the #Beavers. Coming down to the wire. I love this time of year!!
- what up cutie :)
You need marketing, branding and PR services! Contact me and I'll share with you how to create visibility, position your brand and utilize …
The SECI model and explanation from the 2003 article was much easier to understand.
Just got in an AWESOME Training Session! :) Are you planning to workout today? If so, what are you going to do? Make it a Healthy Day!
you want me to go out in this storm? 😱
hope you're ready for the weekend!!! I'm in my "mid 20's" now lol
Thanks to my baby for putting me on.
I'm good. How're you?! I work independently.
Have fun! RT : Good luck fellow runners! Finish strong!
Gettin up in these festival guts today! With a wine/muscle relaxer hangover.
house sat for a person with their own couch!
Happy Father's Day!
Nice to see you on twitter. Hope life is good.
excuse me! What are u talking about Jeremy?
How many Super Shopper Stamp cards are you dropping in the barrel on Sunday? Grand prize is a $500 prize pack!
Most of the #sharks don't know bikes. $650-$1k for a custom cruiser is reasonable, #sharktank Can't wait to get mine.
chumps. Time proven. Chumps
ok maybe bri can get you cause lee is having something tonight.
My friends suck..
"STAY STRONG"
Calvin Klein and Express
The root of that prosperity can be found in the Declaration of Independence, which recognizes the God given right of each persons happiness
Bed <3 lol I lost track of time .....
Job Tip: Shy? The days of hiring someone who will never speak to a customer are over. Force yourself to get over it!
Ok #TeamFollowBack I been stuck at 167 followers for too long. Help me out guys RT 33 more till I hit 200
Mayor Nutter #youthviolence asks what is our domestic terrorism response ? Guns, gangs, domestic violence deserves no less than intl terror
Aww, you must be doing something right if she wants live it TWICE! :)
Happy hour begins in 30 minutes-1st here at the firm. The big kahuna has said today it's for his "homie" Christina. LOL Love him to bits! (;
I listened to your podcast with Dr. Stream this morning. Great job to you both!
Jimmy you look adorable!
Someone picked a fight with the wrong person
oh Ace, you know you LOVE texting me (;
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
Watching the classic rival soccer game America vs Chivas. GO AMERICA!!!!!
Let me shout out Radio One today... Making this media buy lovely for this summer.
Finally made it to twitter. Ready to shovel even more online content into my already ADD brain. Absurd?
I attributed it to you! But I believe you about CC
RT : Huntsman endorses Romney in English. Mandarin version coming
I hope so, I wana feel like that some day!
well haters r losers that is why they hate! Lol
moving up in the world!
I get the best feeling when you say hi to me or even smile because I know for a second, I crossed your mind
I hope you keep fighting for what you believe in, but I pray for your safety through all this.
Any Scramble with Friends fanatics out there????
Used Montenaes I.D. got some free food on campus ...one good thing I can say about us "looking alike"
crv #easiest commercial to make. C'monnn mann
Bissenger: what happened w/ Paterno and Penn State
Holy moly! It's September 1st! #CraftinCarnival is JUST around the corner! Awesome vendors, swag bags, raffles, food trucks! Can't wait!
Both, thanks!
it's Matt :D
Whoever did her sew-in weave took her headline 50 yards back. Damn.
Thanks! 😊 RT Smile today.. And let everyone wonder why!
Wow. Dana is not here so I'm gonna be in Math all by myselff. Lamee.
Lol RT : People kill me talking bout "I'm unfollowing you!" and you're telling me this because...? Like I really give a damn. Haha
long week?
Only Ke$ha song I like? "This place about to blow!!" Reminds me of 4th quarter at #PBS with the !! :)
Too much milk.
Are the ultimate VIP packages sold out in Atlanta??
Happy #Asian Heritage Month!
In the #Boston area? Applying to #college? Let me know if you're interested in a workshop on writing
In the opener, Miami won the battle of the boards, out-rebounding Dallas 51-31.
tweets address. Apologizes to
thanks! we're submitting this week :)
the new years resolutions are wearing off, but stay active! it's a lifestyle, not a temporary goal
My Favorite Young Dolph Song " Much Deeper . "
"Like two stars that suddenly fell down from the sky."
he's my cousin!!
All Incline village schools will be canceled today all other WCSD schools are on a two hour delay.Monday jan,23
It doesn't suck! Hope you are doing well!!!!!
nice haha sounds like a good time! I was going home from picking my mom up from work:/
You'll be getting one of those coveted reporting-from-the-red-carpet assignments on Oscars night, right?
no worldwide as in the centre of the universe - the USA ! :P
good morning!
I just went for a walk but still bored out ma mind
Attending SECO 2012? Download the just released onsite program in addition to course handouts via our iPad app!
It was hot...too hot. Hotter than it oughtta be in May...in Chicago. I woke up in my office...someone had roughed up the place.
yes I was lol a few weeks ago but getting better!
what do you mean?
thank you! It's rekindling my love of Rainbow Brite!
Awesome hang time w/ & Now time to spoil myself with a ridiculous cheese tray & misfits.
And six hours later, the meeting draws to a merciful close.
my parents are in town and would love some food. Where you going to be tomorrow?
Ok but I don't get up there till Wed. Will you be up there that day or Thursday. They'll know you by Phillygodfather?
just got off facebook! :) then went back on
There's no better way to start a Monday than with a little coffee and ballet :)
The seconds to minutes years to life I on ragged knees ask you to be my wife to have and to hold and get each other through the lonely night
gomez changed my life much I love you always sing your songs, please follow me in my twitter
alright man take it easy
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 50 cent wings, chicken with white/wild rice soup and plenty of Mardi Gras specials
RT via : RT sla2010 Follow for the latest on New Orleans. #sla2010 re-tweeter to launch Oct 5!
I Know... I Know... Killing Me #Kurado... SERENITY NOWWW!!!!
Seriously not hearting the new Gmail. >_< I want back the old look!
Awesome! How often are these networking events?
I ran into and he told me you were there and I missed you and I was so sad!
" "Drake so soft a mink might wanna rock that nigga skin for a coat." - " hahaha
It's called Christmas with a Capital C, Jesus is the reason!
added a small disclaimer to my twitter bio so you all know what I tweet is my opinion and no one else's
Going to go see #ProjectX today it's going to be epic hell yea.
Working on post at the Hadassah-Brandeis Institute on a short doc about #MartinGrossman.Need more funding. How are things w/you?
no! F you guys! *walks away*
thanks for the #FF! :)
Diva in full affect
The next time my cat uses my couch as his scratching post, he's gonna find himself living in a tree. (Take note, )
double cross and a slam
"Be helpful" simple and practical advise to follow everyday
#IfTwitterDoesntExist I cannot interacting with
how do you play beer pong?
A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you an amazing sense of confidence and personal power.
Thanks for the sweet Tweet! Looking forward to a great week is the first step to a GREAT WEEK!
Stop trying to show people you fit im and show them what makes you different.
it isn't safe for airport to take bags off plane when #obama is taking off? why does #tsa get paid to make sure bags are explosive free?
#Balliceaux tonight! Richmond VA. w/Meschiya Lake & The Lil Big Horns. Day 4 of #lilbigshowdown promo tour. Show starts at 10pm.
so i still get scared lol
I've only been during Essence and Mardi Gras. May be time to step up sophistication and head to JazzFest.
RT every relationship is give & take,, jus make sure theyre not doin all the takin while u do all the givin :)
Yes!RT : DRUGS
appreciate it!
My new neighbor owns a tattoo shop.
www.is.gd/ff4EO Zappa -- "If You Want to Learn, Go To a Library"
I can RT this though. RT : I can't even RT what I just read in the link from Completely & utterly disgusting.
I'm the one coming through the speakers
Dry text messages <
Some body want to call me & talk to me while I struggle to hold onto dear life?
Congrats to our friends as they signed #Packers WR Jordy Nelson to an exclusive marketing agreement
Year and a half anniversary with
everything is swell. Getting ready for the national title game.
Who will be at Bamboozle/Hoodwink?!
carly does. Lol
you, like these games??? I c lol
www.platinumposts.com thanks for the support!
I know, I can't believe it either. I didn't watch the special on CNN, but I might have to try and catch it later.
you making a play for "Father of the Year?"
awww<<3 what would we do?(:
This issue of 2ktrillion was hot. I'm new to the magazine but I'm loving it. Sweet ;-/
careful...shes been known to go WWE off the back of our sofa
I never expected Adam Yauch to bring me to tears, quite.
Great defensive practice tonight getting ready for the league hope you are ready…
The WENUS episode is on right now!!! Yay!!!
#top10Lies I like you.
Emeril swag. Cooking' in the kitchen.
I'll do my best! Thanks!
I have no idea how are so good. They just ARE.
To everyone who responded to my "Christianity at King's" e-mail: I'll get back to you next week. I'll be totally drained until then.
i think that between title ix and other court rulings ..there has to be some ground to stand on ... Plus colleges...
Hey Nile, have a beautiful night! x
Heck, my Dad is a great homeless guy & former civil rights movement/social justice activist. Happy 2 hook them up. :P
I don't think I stepped over a line, but I can understand a student reacting negatively to those particular tweets.
you're gross 
he is not blocking them; he is restricting contact, for now, so that Uthoff is required to justify his interests!!!!!!!
trayvon could look like any of our sons
Why does my sister have to be such a fucking bitch!!!
you're very welcome. Best interview I've read in a long time, with anyone.
New posters of St Joseph, MI --North Pier-- on my website today www.lewhagood.com CHECK THESE OUT!
SPA DAY! SPA DAY! SPA DAY!
Dear sir, that "McStud" shirt you are wearing tells me your love may be a value, but will also make me gassy.
Waking up early to go to school is a waste.
Hip Hop Artist "The GAME " will be playing tonight & will take pictures & sign autographs. Grant High School Tonight 7:30 Pm. Pass The Word
Todays brew shopping list is already at $1000. What are you buying for the #weekendbrew?
Thousands of dollars saved up for no reason but cant afford gas
Okay, but it has the words "house wives" for a reason. >_>
Almost feel healthy enough to be a real human being. Just in time for the weekend
Hitting the road for Memphis today!
Last chance for #SXSW for Tony's Fried Chicken! Hyde Park south from Convention Ctr, # 7-DUVAL / DOVE SPRINGS-NB, get off at Duval & Park
No water glass is safe in my house. At least cat leaves other drinks alone...
Bbq teriyaki ribs, scalloped potatoes and great company! My night is officially turning in the right direction. :)
miss you too! I hope you have a wonderful Mother's Day tomorrow. We need to talk soon. Love you sweetie!
Good morning yall...I am alive...another day...thankful for what I have cuz others have less and would kill for my blessings...
I'm gonna need therapy, now.
From Nappy head Greasy face Eatin Watermelon To drug dealer Armed robber Now convicted felon
In a survey of state CIOs at #NASCIO11a the top cited pain point they are experiencing by a wide margin is barriers to consolidation efforts
Its not even summer yet and I'm dark
Hope all you FAC Heads had a wonderful Wednesday! Stop in tomorrow and receive any TWO top shelf strains for a $30 donation!!
word up!!
When Juliet & Jermaine were up there & she started crying my heart broke. I love her so much and even tho she didn't win she's going far.
thanks but no worries girl
#TODAYsxsw at least a dozen people are waking up in a panic b/c of daylights savings time
thanks very much, great to have you!
I live in a complex with a full gym, yet the meatheads upstairs turn their living room into one and drop kettle bells on the floor. Idiots.
like me :D
.RT: : in your opinion, is a one page resume ideal or is a more detailed multipage resume better?
for sure!!!
New headphones, thank goodness.
Anyone apply for a passport recently? How long did it take to receive? Mine just expired and I'm planning a trip for Feb. Crap.
That noise in my earphones knocked my nose off and I had to pick it up and find it.
Sure, no problem ! I enjoy connecting as well. Day is going great working on home, auto article and e-newsletter
Really enjoyed presenting at the #cleantechsd board meeting recently. Highly impressed with that organization and it's leadership.
Thanks so much! It was great to meet you! See you at the next
just chillin like a villian on twitta. what bout you?
Sunroof open and blasting 's Whackjob Workout Mix...summer is so close ☀
Baby giggles are the best. Impossible not to smile when she laughs and smiles
Thanks for the follow, Alyssa!
The best thing ever, obv. RT what would a cable TV show involving big data and data viz look like?
Reds won!!!
Marni, thanks for following!
volunteers are at Borders (Greendale) today til 6pm wrapping gifts & collecting donations for the animals!
A psychic me it'd take 7 months for my life to get better. I think he was wrong bc I finally feel like everything is falling into place
Cancun catering, the couch, and Downton Abbey?
Thanks for listening!
You know, it's one of those holdovers from adolescence. Ghosts that haunt & all. I like the reinvention idea.
For all you coffee drinkers out there, keep in mind you’re stressing your body & increasing blood pressure while trying to keep...
"Nigga, you know where I came from? I was workin' 10 hours a week! I can handle this shit nigga!!" Lmao!! TOO FUNNY!!
Participating at at today! 9am-4pm. Drive safely and we'll see you there.
thanks so much Tony!
#lagirlproblems RT : Your purse is fake
Yes, they will. RT : Oh they will be warmed up!
To all the people we served in the past who know the "codeword", we will do the raffle at the end of April! God bless!
and in about 20 mins you take em out and put em on paper towels and salt em wow so easy. it's called the Robuchon method i guess!
had a great talk with my bff :)
hi there, what's your email address?
dont let it break you no matter how hard things get, life goes on
#rhonerangers tasting event was a blast.
My goodness! SXSW has left my whole entire body sore And now New Orleans... Here we go! :p party time x.x
The Georgia Entertainment Association Presents: "In The Mix" May 2012! From 6PM to 10PM! WITH A VERY SPECIAL GUEST Q&A! BE THERE!
still so happy that you came to orlando on your vacation asfkfkdlaldlsla
Complete opposite.
yes he is<3
Only could design a 2 page bill too complicated to decipher. I'm 75% sure my rate isn't increasing, but may cancel on principle
I'm not coming over until like 2am
Ready for school to end & the night to begin.
ALL hosted by and of ! #crackingthecode THIS Thurs, Aug 18 at Parrot Jungle. Lunch/ breakfast provided!
Planning Commission request has no teeth; it will be up to City Council to determine appropriateness of tying tax break to local hiring. 2/3
Mickey Mantle? No Mickey Mantle? He would be on before Rivera. Heck, so would Yogi. That guy has more rings than Zales.
Friday Question: Is "Die Hard" a Christmas movie? I say yes and it's a real good one.
Ugh I always get mad whn 'game of thrones' ends
haha ikr!! :D anytime you wanna watch a free willy movie..I'm your girl! ;D
Same. Tahaha do you live in Ashland?
"Irrational and crazy, but we go through it all because... we need the curry."
do you wanna come see me show? It starts at 7 and it's 5$
you could move to Memphis, I am trying to get back to Albuquerque
Nice try tho #NJDevils even the series tonight. Goin for the cup! vs
Dilaudid is the shit. Kidney stones, however are not.
Remains hip hop's most innovative storyteller. Check out his new #mixtape ! Who raps over A Love Supreme?!
Fuck trying to get a job....
IT'S AT NIGHTTIME.
I'm okay, I haven't talked to you in forever!!
That's what being ridiculously awesome will do for you.
ehh west side story soon :) hehe gonna see my friend hand out flyers like an idiot
The Ken Brown Pinot Noir by the glass today. Enjoy the delicious Pea tapanade of sweet peas, garlic & Parmesan. Served with warm baguette.
I hope we see each other when you get here. Please leave a comment if you can. How long are going to stay in June?
lol. Yeah. Ok.
thanks girl! :)
Death is for pussies who can't win
That's what I inferred. I don't know much cuz I did only a few times. But I like reading #libchat even when I can't participate :)
Participants have found open parking on Kenwood
Im watching kickass ((((((:
Coyote music festival going on at Cuyamaca college right now.
Wow, Mitt Romney was Biff from Back To The Future.
The Autobarn Volkswagen of Evanston Announces Spring Sprint Event During April - TribLocal
so is #kik shutting down?
"way off base"
does anyone knws JB official twitter???
Today's showing for the Diversity Film Festival: "Black Dead in Dixie" & "Omar and Pete" 5 p.m. SLIS Commons
Haha im going to fail..
the crib is cool, especially when I don't have rent or a mortgage.. LOL
If your home is looking drab, #Protect #Painters is who you need to grab!
D Thanks for the DM! We handle damages like floods, fires and mold removal. It's a dirty business but somebodies got to do it :)
you are the best!!!
Im bout to hit up this free breakfast and I'll return to the book
Sure! We can work out the details...
Watch out, drivers! : #WestLA 405 SOUTH before Santa Monica blvd: There's a 5-car crash in the two right lanes.
RT Michigan’s unemployment rate today is more than 2 percentage points lower than it was a year ago
We should trend #2ndplacevillanueva to make made
Business before Pleasure. Once you understand that, then we will talk but for the mean time. Tighten Up!!! You making yourself look silly.
Just trusting everything to ...Im sorry for getting scared... :/
Wow! I have not checked in for a while Nice to see everyone here
How Cool! RT : Confirmed today that I'll be speaking Friday night May 25th
“: I like puppies.” no you don't.
WOW RT : does! Our CEO office is in the lobby. Members have 100% access to him.
Am I the only person in #Indy who couldn't care less about the race and is, in fact, tired of hearing about it.
Bridesmaids made me miss Milwaukee!
Wow that sucked! EEk
I want a red tricycle. With the same kiddie proportions, just bigger. I mean it wouldn’t have to be that much bigger.
would kill for a J right now, my body is in pain
some women weren't meant 2 have kids it caught them off guard cause sometimes I can't tell whose more childish btwn the parents & kids.
#followfriday Great tweeters!
When your cousin works at McDonalds & gets you free drinks. #LikeABoss ;)
I'm confused too! Now I don't know what to do for the next game...
hell yeah PP!!
#FF the wonderful & talented :) a friend:) please help me get her to 14000followers!!! come on guys! follow her:)U want to!
'No it's not a 'long story'. It's a short story that i just don't want to tell.
Happy Birthday homie
looking really good in that #thundershirt! Thank you for the custom fit!
you are an idiot...what about Greg Oden & Brandon Roy...both signed by Nike and both Retired...
no offense to her!
Anyone want to go to lunch/dinner Thursday or Friday?
gr8 for ya... wish i could go...
crazy! Take a break or u will have nightmares
Satisfaction of recharging camera battery offset by forgetting to reinsert battery into camera before day trip to Capri.
Wats really good
Thanks guys!
An ugly personality destroys a pretty face.
how do you think Ochocinco will do this week?
you know, the part of that statement that disturbs me most isn't you have barbies, but that you drink nikolai *shudders*
Thx! : U guys do great work! I'm such a fan of the podcast. Please keep it up! I wish nothing but the best for u.
trying to gain weight
I am with yea!! RT : Might look at getting Tix to Silva/Sonnen and take my girl to Vegas for that weekend
Branding is a company's face to the world... What's your branding?
I luv it show can u follow me bye
dead link?
No.. Actually committee hasn't technically "met" yet, but is conferring.
It doesn't matter how much the NOLA studios attempt to brighten the place up it's still draining. Convinced it has a dementor lurking around
"Wood" is the gmail theme version of watching a fat guy go to the bathroom while eating a bowl of pasta (It is unappealing)
The wife has devised a pseudo-Hunger Games themed party for our daughter's birthday. It's a photo scavenger hunt. No one dies. Hopefully.
nice!! Enjoy!
Dear whoever wins the Mega Millions jackpot today I could really use a new car. With all that money I'm sure it wouldn't set u bk! Thanks!
Yup. Phil Davis asks Brantley whether "culture trumps technology" in scholarly publishing - your thoughts? #musepub2012”
Some people just talk super loud. It's always embarrassing. And they seem to always speak to me.
you and me both!
That was a great film! Good luck tomorrow!!
what about conservative beasteality enthusiasts? It is Missouri.
I just emailed you!
": it really needs to be more than you. She çan ignore you." Not in RL ...here watch this....
Oh don't worry, that one's already on the list (at least selections from it, for purposes of this meeting) :)
When it comes to #Brewers fans and shunned 3-letter acronyms, ACL may have just replaced TLR.
RT : Very nice visit to Dwight Foster Public Library in Fort Atkinson today. Director Connie Meyer is doing a great job:...
take good notes!! Let me know anything good!
i would love to lay out in my yard if my neighbors weren't such creepy pedophiles.
Tonight's Specials: 1/2 Price Sandwiches | $3 Well Cocktails | $3 Goose Island 312 Drafts & 's Sports/Ent. networking event!
Suck my Motherfucking Dick. ... D-12,Dirty Motherfucking Dozen.
YUM. I made tacos. We should do lunch this week.
Time for new #Fringe! Bring it...
lol, i think you just un/fallowed me
congrats on your win last night# u deserve it and you really are best in the world!! P.s I love you
I can honesty say, I really do love #OhioBeliebers. No body was ever judged, and no body shit talked each other. We ARE a family.
What did everyone think of our NEW upstairs? Let us know!
At Survivor Series Triple H will be, but a match with Kevin Nash-th he will be on TLC.
you got it, home girl. I'll be so addicted to using them. :o
What you are is what you have been. What you�ll be is what you do now.
Nice ring around the infield. Looks sharp!
Males are the dumber gender.
Dear FL State Troopers, thanks for setting a good example when it comes to signals and lane changing. Yes I'm being sarcastic.
I'm so stoked to see you guys! Good luck tonight (:
#BullSSixers Kendall Gill is about to make me turn to the national broadcast
is there a cover for your stand up thurs?
“The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.” - Anna…
Spirtal encounter was amazing
At explore the #Sephardic world via your palette. Susan Barocas and Jean Graubart will do cooking demos of Sephardic dishes.
I sure did. Just for some me time.
I will never understand my cousin. She really texted me saying she let her man fist her..... again! Thats jus wrong to me.
delays tuesday and wednesday? it's gotta be a good week
#Masseffect3 Comes out today..I have no words to express my excitment :) plus I get to drive to pick it up today so I might die :)
Pretty much have to be there: win, lose or draw. From Toledo, only a three hour or so drive to see #Raiders whip the
I should of said has your wife stop beating you lmao
It is what it is in our generation
Looking like its going to be another great night can't wait for tonight.
Crying at school is the most embarassing thing in the world
TX Hunger Fighters
Perfection is the goal and I'm heading to the pylon.
Just saw a 2nd grader with an entire stick of eyeliner on.
Cause it's killing me
OMG love concept - can't wait to get one healthy foods needs healthy containers
there's some good stuff going on in there
hahhaha I got ya'll, next time for sure.
HA 3 more years of it
"kEEp your MoUtH cLoSed, & Let YoUR EyES LiSteN..!" i am so0oO sleepy...!! Is it 2pm yeT? WiSh i WaS @ h0Me cUdDLiNg w/KaLiaH..!
The moment when you see at the mall (:
Chris, thanks for the follow. Love the work you guys do at RotowWorld! :)
Experimenting with some antique lace, and coming up with some pretty wild results. Good morning!
My life is over. 😭
Great to hear, but still runs agst the perception here that Europe (inc UK) isn't so ent friendly
Loving Anita Shreve's book Rescue.
Yes - that's an important thing
#ImWeakFor great smiles :)
you are welcome - hope you are enjoying a nice afternoon
Havent heared from in weeks,little upsetting
LOL. home plate ump staring him down and getting ready to jack him up
-- Last I checked, you're the GM of your team.
Yep, gotta love Bo's sarcastic cheers.
Okay, I'm done with that.
Results = Dream x Goals x ACTION
U all ready have one of those 👳
#WrestleMania GO PUNK!!!
“ The fixity of a habit is generally in direct proportion to its absurdity. ” — Marcel Proust
*Dance around and works on vocals for tomorrows ustream* Yes we are singing! ! :D - Zaona
its in the library- and Canvas has that too-hoping canvas will also do crocdoc LTI integration- Crocdoc lets us use pen annotation2
#FF Thanks for following us! Busy weekend at your dealership?
Ok, the #BettyWhite commercial for the Voice so far is the best, Seinfeld and Leno come real close though. Waiting on Bueller.
thank you! :)
Yes, we also do blogs! Email us at for more information :)
Give yourself the gift of sight this holiday season - help avoid vision loss from diabetes by exercising regularly and eating right.
I'm good! in town right now wbu?
East Asia Center presents J. Edward Kidder "Myth and/or History: Archaeology Probes the Nihon shoki" 3:15 p.m. today, Campbell Hall 160.
www.megahairelite.com For great strand by strand extensions and training
Let us know when you need volunteers - We'll do what we can to help!
Thanks, Mark.
Merry Christmas Bret! Hope you, Diana & kids have a blessed, awesome day!!
idk i like them all
how crazy is that - we live blocks apart and never met - sitting next to you at a conference breakfast - thanks
Should probably sleep soon.
Where are you uploading the Guster audio from last nights show? Is it publicly available?
Exciting times. Kickoff meeting for designing our mobile intranet!
REALLY!? wow. well i cried when i found out Cody Simpson had a concert half an hour away from me!
13-3 run for #MurraySt has them up 16-13 and forces to call TO. Eikmeier needs to drop some shots if is to win
get some graham crackers + make ghetto s'mores!
I been hearin lately that I'm flarin up 💪😏
Real mahomies always support Austin until the end(:
that's what I got. Now to just figure out how to hit send on a tweet without using my fingers
remember all the things that you and i did first? and now you're doing them with her. you got me got me like this!
Back to Buffalo tomorrow. My Plans for break? Updating my resumé and re-working some of my portfolio pieces.
Hope to see you later for #HappyHour!
so fortunate to have a job i love, where i can see life brought into this world...there absolutely nothing like it I feel blessed
call me after
He was walking across a parking lot. Question is, what am I doing in Mississippi?
hahaha such a classic. Will always remember that from frosh year
Looking forward to seeing you guys next week. We're having a little party Friday night if you're in town early.
there she is!!
Let's go
Hey there, (markbrumley), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Hefty hefty hefty~ <3
Happy Birthday to Oliver!! :)
One day when the sky is falling ...
The next 5 people to come by ALA Mid Winter booth 1350 and mention this tweet will receive a $15 iTunes gift card!
#TebowGotTradedFor two six flags tickets.
This new track is such a banger. Can't wait to open #9FEST with it
No more...
im gucci jus bored at the crib
It started with a whisper
Thanks much...and I'll be sure and watch for any announcements from them, and your tweets.
#TRUTH RT : we (#bywhichImeanyou) need to stop saying "Legacy Publishing". Legacy=something left behind by someone no longer here.
me 2 man I found some fire bro
I didn't have kids. Because I never wanted to say things like that. I hope your kids never hear you say that. Enjoy them.
No secret! Just make sure the shoes are soft enough. And bring band-aids. Those tiny socks are sometimes cute, too...
Let's catch up!
or i can bring it to you my portable joint
is using all of 's pictures? Lmfao.
oh poop. lol. yes, for sure!! (: We have only 3 weeks left so it better be soon!
ha ha ha! well glad I'm entertaining
I dont even ask. Cuz they just gone lie.
Happy Wednesday! Looking forward to the future!
Oh Chels I love you!!!! xoxoxox
I heard about that but thought it was a joke. Kind of funny but corny. If its good ..then whatever. :)
Back problems have kept me in the house for weeks, & i cant take it anymore i gotta get up and b outside all day
Thanks for the RT. Wasnt that a great artcle?
Thanks for the mention.
hahah one of the best bands in the world is making me cry laughing with all these damn tweets
#IDislikeItWhen, guys send you mixed signals.
I am about five minutes away from booking a ticket and working remotely from Switzerland until this election is over... :/
After being around non-muslims so much, its always so nice to talk to Muslims and speak the language of Islam.
he probably can no doubt!
Amazing Patio + Great Food + Spot-on Service = PATIO BRUNCH Come enjoy d start of a BEAUTIFUL Day w/ US! The weather is PERFECT!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy that isn't afraid to tell you how he feels.. Even around friends a family..
Beer breath all up on your face is unattractive.
Good Morning and Happy Mother's Day! We are live in the sanctuary! Join us as Praise the GOD from whom all blessings flow
Hella tired, such a long day today. But it was fun :)
omfg no im am moar nice to my fanz(:
i love strawberrys
"And I'm gonna love you, like no body loves you."
gotta maximize time.
ps- not rants, knowledge.
My friend just told me she likes the guy I like... I smell a competition :D
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
Haha never heard of strawberry applesauce. Life has been good lots of busy things going on God is good. How's the music goin
awww ok sounds like fun
": F.R.I.E.N.D.S: (F)ight for you. (R)espect you. (I)nvolve you. (E)ncourage you. (N)eed you. (D)eserve you. (S)ave you."
YOu have to point them out, so they understand their suspect behavior, or let them plead their case.
Jay Cutler & Brandon Marshal is damn near unfair. Throw in Forte, Hester, Knox, Jeffery AND Bennett? RAPE!!!
TONIGHT! No love? Noted relationship expert Rabbi Sherre Hirsch is gonna tell u how to get some 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Okayy and I Think Yes Im Going :D Lmao ;
Trying to hit the GIS spot.
I wuld rather live my life as if there z a God n die to find out there isn't,than live my life as if there isn't n die to find out there is
The World Sees What We Do, God Sees Why We Do It
Had some good Azz rest, but missed money at work....
Dear #sony , thanks for making laptops that are a pain in the ass to work on, needing 6797893 drivers and software for a fresh install
Vista died on me time to Get a Apple!
. up next, a 2000 word story entitled "Don't you think it's time you called your mother..."
...Casandra helped you.
Oh ur home & want a burger but don't want to get out? No worries just hit up Rudy is freaking awesome!!
Love in the crew
Every modeling agency will be begging me to sign with them, I thought
Yes it was intense, and Dexter brings out his player side.
One hour until Jim reads from A Very Minor Prohet at Powell's Burnside. Rumor has it that he will make it worth your while.
- We agree. Massage is great for relieving stress!!
mucho rain! my dogs cuddled up in my arm :)
Beat gw today improved the record to 7-10 Only 6 games left until the playoffs
Its Harder To Get Jobs Than It Is To Graduate
Grove's Syrah comes from 22 yr-old vines. The oldest in NC? 2day '09 & '10 vintages are open. Drop by & taste this "mini-vertical" for free.
omg yes do it!!
that can stay.
Spanish & Health in Latin America: 6wks,June28-Aug11, 1yr Span req. Learn about healthcare systems & medical vocab. Email for more info!
Live music tonight with Kelly Riley! And Sierra Nevada pint night!!!
Omg iPad I need you to finish charging nowww.
To lead people, walk beside them � As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence
bye twitter goodnight guys
aw I feel special :)
Cant wait i get at school
Thank you. Migraines are the bane of my existence!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3333333
Tough one. ATV for itunes, Roku for Amazon/Hulu. Both have netflix. They balance each other well. My 2g atv no netflix.
Someday ill be livin in a big ol city and all youre ever gonna be is mean :)
#Technical Law #Librarian needed in #Milwaukee, #WI. If you’re interested in this opportunity or know someone who is, please contact me!
Teddy! Yea! So glad you will be down there. Wasn't sure you were going or not. Bloop at 4:30 and Esplanade.
Thanks for following! Check out my MG novel Devin and His Shape-Shifting Sister on Facebook.
registrations are picking up pace everyday. Big media push in these last 4 weeks should make us top 2000
Could someone please help this poor helicopter find its contact lens, it's been circling the neighborhood for half an hour now.
#DearMonday please go away... Follow me
Nope, we were in Beech Grove.
What do you call a deer with no eyes ?
I wanna see more boobies!
RT : in my history of the recording industry class, i label rappers like politicians. Tupac Shakur (W) ; Biggie Smalls (E)
Word is Chicago is the game and toy inventors capital of the world.
in a couple hours (: On Brookhurst & broadway
Drug smuggler who killed Border Patrol Agent gets life in prison for what judge calls "brutal, violent and heinous" crimes.
May future come soon! RT : "Real future of ERMS will be in uniform resource management & webscale management systems"
<like> RT : Lord knows I'm a voodoo child.
Baylor is styling today. They could mess my bracket up, but I am with
KHQ Right Now - News and Weather for Spokane and North Idaho | Obama set ... - KHQ Right Now
4,000 attendees, hundreds of first-timers, 63 countries. #aam2012 is hopping!
right!!! Lol. Omg. That was such a scam. I haven't been this broke for a long time. Next month will be my savior.
no but I heard it was good. Lol
omg shut up! Harry potter isn't that great! Stop hating on twilight! Ur prob some loser with no life behind a computer screen
n how long does it take it take to ship? Or for me to ger them? If i buy them
Autocorrect of the day: "Old-school" to "Olfaction." #Saywhat?
Sometimes ill search my head to find my dads voice nd I come up empty handed. It makes me wnna cry.Its really hard. I wish he was still here
We are a disruptive food production and distribution model. We fundamentally change the way food is grown and sold.
I was watching Warped Wednesday on Fuse today, && i saw that he got his hair cut; its way to short! D:<
to be fair, you actually haven't *lived* in SF for 6 months, your stuff has just resided there that long :p
Shy one from 2gether MCing wine event outside Nashville
miss chatting with you. Hope all is well. Take care. :)
Happy birthday Janet always and forever I Love U!!!!
when a white person goes in on a black TT its racist, but black ppl going in on white TT is funny...hypocrites
When you are going through a hard time and wonder where God is, remember, the teacher is always quiet during the test
There is nothing comparable to the innocent pure joy you can see in kid's faces at birthday parties. So precious! Thx Chuck E Cheese!
Just spread 200 lbs of lime, 80 lbs anti-moss agent, enough grass seed to cover 5k sq. ft.
Highly rec paper, pg 225. With web relaunch, we got good fdbk about moving hours to homepage. Duh.
tell people to follow me...
I don't know why I even bought a 55 inch tv if I never use it. Money well spent-__-
Waiting on to pick me up 😁
STAY CLASSY
"Let's call it 'Race to the Top of Grading Teachers & Not Actually Developing Them.'" - Guy who was fired from DOE
Who's going to play Draw Something w/ me today? Help me be unproductive while I wait for my flight out. DM me for username.
Pretty bustling Chinatown they have here is DC. Reminds me of a mini #NY Times Square.
OH that's a tough one. RT : And if you're training customers? Get smarter ones?
heh, nice. Hm, is there any gadget you don't already have? How about using it for HTC Evo LTE?
straw polls? exit polls? what sorts of polls are these people dancing on/with?
Actually i hate panties they leave marks on my butt, they never stay in place and if its a thong they are so uncomfortable
RT : AQ's Adam Gadahn worried that the online jihadi forums were "full of fanatics."
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us. - Bill Watterson
here sit ... Catch me at mid court
Sick hat trick!!! First American ever to do in EPL, congratulations!
Forget every one who didn't text me back or wasn't down to chill.....
Yep. Had that this week too.
just love everyone and pray for them but u don't have to like them
Today is 4/20 the last day of my College Human & Growth Development class. Yaaaaay!!!!
