Thank you, I love you gorgeous! ;)
Yeah I did that search as well, which is I why I figured I was probably not missing context.
no way! I love the guy!
too little too late. Newt crushed the debates and people finally are realizing he has solutions that will work.
We are perfectionists & hungry to work all the time. We are entertained by every aspect of business and never want to stop working. S Welch
thanks Clement! Hope you are having a nice weekend~
I'm already here. Hurry :)
did we put a time on it..? Wasn't it just finish before u..? :) x
": .. Great run for #HundleyNation, huh? Proud, proud.". Agreed. Very proud.
Never stop believing in your dreams :) x
I bet knows. RT : NFL teams are 12 for 12 according to Jon Gruden. What were the odds?
Yeah, they showed their youth yesterday...Won't call it a wrap yet though.
I went to the JoyFM concert earlier and they wouldn't let me bc the stadium was at capacity! First time that's ever happened @ the forum!!
"As hard as I try, I can't seem to get you off my mind." Sept 6 2009 Facebook status. EW.
cheers dude, was great!
we're in the back at the green tables!
..activated and alive, too many people fighting just to survive, another day, another dollar, another way of the world
It's National Pretzel Day. (Really?) I need to find a good soft pretzel in San Diego. I wonder if they exist?
correction, I had sex with Katie.
lol I'm on vacation dude but sorry about that
Make it roomy or Jeff's fur won't fit.
Who loves #sxsw? This startup!
Simba: hey uncle scar when im king what will that make you? Scar: a monkey's uncle. LMAO.!
praying for you!!
if you cant be confident and like everything about yourself, how can you expect anyone else to like you???
And one of those 2 teams could be, in a manner of speaking, QPR. Congrats champs!
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
If phase transitions really turn you on, try watching paint dry sometime.
Landscape architecture for older people? No scope note. Wonder if it means geared to older users, or for older people to create.
just making sure you saw this >> : Hey, : We have the tables in the middle of Bailey's Tap Room.
Big monday was not bad monday.
#NowPlaying – Stefano Noferini – Tom Wax - Keep Off the Grass
To through with fake people,, im so blind sometimes. #DoneSon!
RT : #ThankYouSteve #CNNTonight RT I found out that Jobs passed away on a device he imagined and engineered. He will be missed
#3WordsOfAdvice follow your own advice
Bet you didnt see that coming.
seriously? You're packing treats? When does the road trip begin?
Happy V-Day everyone!
“: u have to know that is ya hottest follower.” ohh am i? :o
Well said!
Brilliant. You win.
do you ever sleep?!
A light heart lives long. William Shakespeare
Oh my goodness what a beautiful day outside ☀
If only authors still had the copyright on their own work to be able to give their research outputs to other people!
Need food. But have been in bed all day and have nothing in the house.
so fucking gone
...and has an article too! Just tweeted it.
i miss when we talked and we stayed up late everyday <3
OVC championship in HD
Up early!! Who else up?
Steak n shake (:
“America’s children are beginning to see the benefits of an education reform movement.”
Note to self: Join The Seattle Perl Users Group
A shout out to my friend RomanPI. He started filming his new tv show on active investigations. Im honored he invited me to be on his show.
Things That Need To Stop Hating On Each Other... Follow Me
Wait a minute. 175 acres of resort property?! I'm so there! Perfect place for my much needed R&R!
that makes sense. definitely something that often seems paired, so a good way to explore/address it.
Lovely morning. Quality tunes playing. 2 more great reviews on speaker cable (including Stream 16/2). Brilliant customer emails in the inbox
ALL of our students are registered to vote when they graduate. We take pictures once they are our "political equals."
#Granderson's 122 runs scored is just 13 fewer than his # of hits. All other top run scorers are about 60 below # of hits.
Need a gym patna tonight. Any of you chumps bout it. Probably need it. Lol.
OKKKAAAY here's SONG #2 Maybe you were needed up there, but we're still unaware as why.
I know how to spot a fool, they dont ever shut up.. if you speak it you don't know it.. if you know it you don't speak it..
that was the play of the game. 5 point swing
The best compliment ever.. "You are something else"
I'm so bored
don't end it you are the best omg
Good morning, all.
I'd pay like 750 a month to get cable with no political ads. The fact that some people take them seriously is scary.
soo there's this little restraunt in the little city of Crowley, TX and it's called Nickey D's... it is the cat's knees and the bees pj's.
what time? And not tomorrow Monday right?
And a hole in our wallets!!! “: RIP Steve Jobs. You left your mark on our desks, on our ears & in our hands.”
Great tour of UCLA University Archives and Biomedical & YRL Special Collections yesterday. Thanks to for the reception!
That's gonna be one lucky kid!
Wishing I didn't have to wait in line for #Christmas #Shopping #decemberwish www.inlinewaiting.com
Remix. Tis right here is my swag all the boys on me down tis right here is my swag facebook me at or toninkajj.
Taco pizza! If you missed it yesterday, vamos!
Kobe salty hahah.
I am waking up tomorrow at 4 am to go to California for adobe max. Not looking forward to that!
is booze & food included in this suite or is it separate?
my pleasure. Have a good day.
Plenary session on private company investment in higher education -- problems & opportunities
Excellent! What did you find?
Tip to get a full day's water: Fill a 64 ounce container at the start of the day. Make sure that by the end of the day it's gone!
Happy Birthday, neighbor!
RT activity at its highest between 2-5pm ET, lowest at 9am, and also later in the week
Trying to get into #antm again.....so far, so good!
Yes, if you embrace the #EeroSaarinen vision RT Were mobile airport lounges ever cool?
sorry I didn't wave/talk to you at the mall I totally didn't even know who you were at first. lol
haha Well it's a circle so there are no bad seats! :)
you just made the best decision of your life. Be ready for the most fun year of your life next year, seriously
this summer is going to be insane #beats #bass #morebeats 🔊🔊🔊
i love you.
Does it matter if he is number 1 keek??? lol my answer: no it doesn't
George Lewis learns stuff and then he graduates. Congrats friend.
Probably because they expect it to go to extra's. Castillo ok though?
Another week to get better. Got lifting and conditioning today at 1:30pm and 5pm. Let's get after it again today.
Brangelina nuptials: Think exotic, wedding planners say - USA TODAY
Sorry but my Cats are going to slaughter KU...too big, athletic, and surprisingly mature
How are you holding up dearie?
"Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform."
Just closing the current location. RT : Really? That's too bad. Online shop still going to be up and running?
Roots Collider just rocked the airwaves of
: "But seriously, never drink and drive. It's stupid. Do all your drinking before you drive" does changing count?
A well deserved Congrats goes to fellow friend Geting his Masters Degree This Weekend!! Big Kiss 2U "Wow You Did IT! Party"
hahah I know I told you ;)
Happy Jazz Fest, New Orleans.
I can honestly say when I was little I thought by 2012 our world would be like The Jetsons
Gave a couple of days off to celebrate mom. Happy Mother's Day weekend everyone.
its not gambling when you know you're gonna win.
I have no Internet at home until tuesday evening. Guess I'll have to waste time the old fashioned way
I know you're bringing me some of those donuts 💘
Can't wait to see our Bingo regulars tomorrow -- cards are always free and they love the snacks, prizes, & Kareem the Dream calling games!
#myfavoritethings Happy Hour... Duh!
Next scheduled #DCDrinkUp is 3/23, but with enough interest we SUPPOSE our arms could be twisted into drinking that day . . .
Giving away lottery tickets at our Bedford Heights showroom! Corner of Miles and Richmond. You have until 4 pm to get here!!!
At the same time IDGAF i love my music, i just want more. =)
stop putting candy canes on my dresser!
the archivists listserve just linked to a goodreads group that for archives-related book recs. Bet YA reluctant readers has one too.
SSC in the Arena has Tomato Florentine soup today! Try with a half of a Supreme Grilled Cheese and you pretty much have the best lunch ever
too bad that they will be in 401k's once R's are successful in putting public safety in 401k style retirements.
let me know how it is.
We'll be back but for now just SECKLE!!!!
Who tooted away in your space?
I wish they made a perfume that smells like tanning oil
oh yea they are!
you read my mind.
Begin the day giving thanks for making it through the storm...
Dude. We haven't been following each other!
Bout to play Marvins Room and go to sleep
are you trapped in the closet like R. Kelly?!
Anyone out there go to the parade today? #GOMAVS How was it?
#consistency RT: With tonight's loss to the Bulls, Michael Jordan's Bobcats have now lost 19 games by 20 or more points
thanks for the RT! Happy Monday
My dear mother has to be the last person left on the planet that will use the phrase 'oops I pulled a boner' unironically.
Girl walking down U-circle, wearing a fanny pack and "dip dick" sharpied on her arm
#FitFact Did you know, exercise produces a relaxation response that relieves stress.
Nice Hitler stache ;-)
Arkansas AD Jeff Long broke down when talking about meeting with Razorbacks players today.
#iFOLLOWyou #TeamFollowBack #Blessings -- Thanks for the follow Lizzy... How you been?
Only those who will risk going to far can possibly find out how far one can go. T.S. Eliot
Thanks for the RT Wendy - I hope the week has been fantastic for you.
#freetebow go to the #Saints we have the best starter and the worst back up Q.B in the NFL in
If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity
he said no :(
Yes, just put it in the video <3
hahaha...yes! (ps, I'm asking :P)
wrote my first successful program today for business research methods...
just for everything you've done today and in general Haha (:
I need you.
This lady (aka bitch) keeps putting wet stuff in my ears...WTF? I got her back, peed on the carpet...right in front of her - heh!
Docs apt with mommy ! Then HOPEFULLY getting my permit ..
If Manhattan had the same population density as Alaska, there would only be 15 people living there. #Denver (FunFactz.com)
RT : POLL: Ron Paul Leads Among Voters Who Find Rick Perry "Not Crazy Enough"
found u jelly
As much as I am frustrated with Lugar being "Senator For Life"
I think I smell a tumblr page! I wish I could remember to try it at opportune moments. Xx :).
I do my best writing when I feel like this... Think I'll start a new screenplay and write all night.
Now I got headache, bout ready to give this bitch a diamond cutter
what's upp? :p
Lenny...from the neck up you're looking sexy. Introducing Muse - #Twihards everywhere going nuts
Dinner: mushroom soup, garlic mashed potatoes, fish w/ mushrooms & sambal chili and broccolini-- #delicious I've outdone myself tonight :)
The last North Carolina constitutional Amendment about marriage was 1875 when they banned interracial marriage.
Party in 1st hour.
Let other people talk, you listen carefully, and they'll tell you exactly who they are.
Great song and band!
Almost scary looking, isn't it? But, it's actually the safest, easiest to use, most effective meat tenderizer we've seen....
I hate sad stories they only make me cry:'(
Headed out to and tongiht to support some homies and get some facetime with new peeps!
Idk how ppl sit around and live off the government or wait for handouts! Tf? I gotta get up! Get out! And GET IT BY ALL MEANS!
This sounds like a really fun job! Let me know if you guys are every hiring :)
Nothin' like walkin' around Beverly Hills to make you realize how trashy you really are- and I Love it!
But she keep using you as a barganing chip ...
Gypsy at 723 S St. Behind the Howard Skinner Art Gallery w/ Willie's Truck! Here for another hour!
#Greg Kihn just stopped by and we dug out old cool pics from my archives.
wish I could be there to watch my sister-in-law walk!
ohfertheloveof.... Sports media really needs to get over itself with this moralistic faux outrage
you're about to get a taste of your own medicine. hope you like it.
been Half a year since my best friend left </3
Tell to send in the Marines! #free scott
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE your work! Mesmerizing! Beautiful visual metaphors. Just wanted you to know... Thanks for creating! :-)
Finally read "Death: The High Cost of Living" and will be finishing "V For Vendetta" tonight. Comics!
Andy Reid will be a nice fit in San Diego. Has to leave this team and take over 4 Norv. Too many Eagles who simply don't care
Are you a Mego fan, too? I wrote a book about Mego Super-Heroes.
I wish you liked me.
To do the laundry... And in the bathroom...
When young and impoverished, Pablo Picasso kept warm by burning his own paintings.
Where's vacation?
There's a noon Twins vs. Angels game today - take a half day and check out a great game!
:-o even runs on my phone!
I do hit me up
Dear Courtney, Your name is prettyful.(: I love your twitter & stuff. We need to talk more! STAY GRANDD YO'~ Love, Tatsiana
my name is Ronte im from Washington DC #UPTOWN im a student.
Congrats on a great Film Threat review. Our band also often stare down at our demo and say "I hope this rocks her world".
What are you working on?
How the *bleep* does this kid have 7,000+ followers?! RT i had 3 cramp in the middle of the night that shit hurt
Best friend? Ha what's that?
warm wishes as you celebrate baby Luke's first birthday today! Post cake face dive soon. :)
Thanks all for the #TNI shoutouts. Hoping to make more of these in the future.
Steven Jobs you will be forever be my hero, RIP Steven Jobs
who do you want to win?
Gd 2 hear bk Bradley FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
u were the reason I had so many photoshop files when I installed my legal CS4 LMAO I was like yay all my files are back
“Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn’t have the power to say yes.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
Ah. I see now.
*Smiles to myself.* I love this song..
You're very welcome :D <3
BUON GIORNO! A true blessing by Jack Seileman taking place today 11:30-11:55. If you are in North Park SD, feel free to join us. A PRESTO!
Looking forward to finishing this campaign off and Freaking people out.
what! You just broke the news for me!!!! #clueless and out of touch! Off to the internews!
Happy birthday, Jason! We'd love for you to visit us sometime! Best wishes and may it be a great day!
Nyla Morrison's Shop On the menu: Thai rice noodles, sweet and sour boneless chicken strips, carrots and green pepper.
Thanks to my mom I'm getting sick >_<
Your mom is so pretty!! Happy Mother's Day !
The Pack by 6! Should be a great matchup.
why does it take so long ? 5 yrs. I get but Delk last played 16 yrs. ago ?
Can't blame the officials. We knew they would cheat.
Hey #sschat, I'm Annette from South Dakota
It's about the time when the world starts smacking you down, too.
If you don't get jealous you don't care.
thank you and alright
Please stay tuned as the truth about police misconduct is revealed
has discovered an author he enjoys reading. Her name is Carol Anshaw and he wonders if he is the only one who has ever heard of her?test ...
the audition went great. Used your ideas during the first run, but was totally clear and open for the redirect! Thanks again!
I'm working on a tour de pickles...
Not surprising...They are going to push it to violence, it's already started...
no no no no #fuckyou):
Win Win Win Brewers next the Pack.
It's cool how my first name is not on the My Player name list but they pronounce it right when I score
MY birthday is in 2 days! for some reason, i feel like i already tweeted this....
Bad feeling again.. :S
Happy Birthday
#SuperACAC #winning $75 up at the blackjack tables thanks to the lunch break. what exciting things did you do today?
I cant go to the ocean city tour </3 no. D:
no he's trash and ymcmb is trash and nigga u sayin that shit like a part of ymcmb tho
That made me Notice how Great my life is, im SUPER #Blessed for all that i have.
Home alone..walking around in nothing but boxers....
Some relationships weren't meant to be. Haha
Imu dos <3 ^.^ We need to chill soon
#Motocross fans! WIN a trip to #GlenHelen for X-Fighters on May 12! FOLLOW US to enter!
Merry Xmas & God bless
Stepping into your NEXT! RT : Less than 24 hours the journey begins! #ArrowHistory LET'S GO!!!
I DIDN`T HEAR YOU "Lol" .
Off to dinner for my moms bday!
No the prof. Latinos see the GAP more than others due to exposure. Most citizens live in a smaller circle?
yes OT money lol
Josephine yoiur slow because I tweeted that an hour ago (-_-)
Hwy 19 between Wagon Lane and Hwy TT in town of Sun Prairie is closed both ways due to a two-vehicle crash with significant injuries.
you go girl!! I'll be asleep if you need me. 
Gospel Concert Sat. Nov 13 @ 6 pm. Donate food items or paper products for admission. Benefits Operation Love & Fire Rescue Houses.
Wow this cheap comcast cable package that got does not have VS on it. No Bruins? No #GreenMen getting run out of #Boston:). To the Bar!!!!!
The Autism community does not care if the political candidate is Republican or Democrat - we care what they do for AUTISM ISSUES, thats all.
yes!! Don't forget about except and accept. Haha
I ♥ EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! C': Please
he said each days a gift and not a given right...
What is the official purpose of the universe?
I don't need you. Back to only living and caring for me. Why do we live for significant others...
People seriously piss me off!!">:/
have a great graduation seniors 2010!!!!!! =]]
Ugh commercial
Great deals going on now....stop by to choose your new floors!!!!
Interesting guess!!
#BIN meeting today!. See you there!
After a few weeks of delay, winter finally arrived. Flurries are dropping from the sky in NY ;-)
Well I been running down the road trying to loosen my load, I got 7 women on my mind. 4 that's trying to mode me, 2 thats trying to call me,
Happy to be heading back to Germany in a couple of weeks!
Goodbye Freshman year.
Getting lost in an episode of
Fast little fucker
We'd love to print them for you!
Aw sorry love )':
#RHOBH is so damn boring.
nice night.
thank you for being an awesome friend to the cmc. <3
Don't ever give up. Mother Monster would never want one of her monsters to be sad.
#ThatOnePersonWho makes me laugh because her facial expressions are priceless
Odd, feeling under-stimulated when working across a multi-day event w/o a shared hashtag as a backchannel,
[Campus Bulletin] As part of Auxiliary Services Loves Students Week, all parking tickets will come with smiley face stickers!
Why am I wearing sneakers to a midnight premiere? O.o
Kiril and Rachel are in the HOUSE TONIGHT everybody just watch them make out
of course you did! And yes I watched the whole thing? The car part?
Play ball! The Brewers and Juan Nieves take on the Mariners and Mark Langston in Seattle.
*Cave Lovers.* not everyone an be fred and wilma...
Rain or Shine: Usual shop hours til 4pm. 1726 E. North Ave. First customer gets a FREE GB, Brew&Yellow, or Red Trucker Hat of their choice!
Finally finished this stupid ass shark lab-__- #brainfried/:
Booooooooooooooooord. Just listening to podcasts.
lol! there are no sandwiches here, but we are wearing pants
thanks so did you!:D oh and I put your crutches in jaryelly's locker x)
RT : Life is good, life is great. Always love & never hate. Break the rules, stand apart. Ignore your head and follow your h ...
Cathleen Kaveny: working for autonomy and solidarity means working for justice and the common good
\_/ <--that's my care cup, and it's empty until Monday.
Great discussion RE: Neighborhood Revitalization on Alliance for Children and Families & UNCA Public Policy Cmte Call
RT : The worst part about when the lakers lose is all the lakers haters that stand up all of a sudden.
Will you be there Sunday? Let's hang out if so!
thats nice :) where do you work again?
It was funny but man...my hip flexor is killing me!
worked at citi with Lew...false. Check your facts!
im sure lol
AYOOO... my mom mentioned her coworker's daughter is heading to MYL soon (Sarah Oberink) & my mom raved about my experience
Everybody makin a comeback, question is whos gonna come out next yr? last yr a boat load of artists came back ? Its a big competition
My advisor now sits on a yoga ball instead if a chair... Strange
Blown Just to the Edge of the Driveway with the Wind
I'd just tell a slut to kill her self.
just left...
one direction >>>
I need to know who can properly mount large photos in the Austin area. I CAN'T keep driving to San Antonio for it.
: it's my birthday today. livestream? what a great gift!
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: a tornado, the embarrassment of being caught at the gyro place by your gym friends, meat curtains
“: but yo is banned from contacting me indefinitely. That text was outta line. Lol” LMAO!!!
This RT : Texas is the only state that looks cool as a tattoo. No one wants Massachusetts or Rhode Island on their arm.
oh my...of course! It's a wonder Apple hasn't done a story on you yet. #iphoneobsessed :)
that's amazing!! Congrats on your weightless so far:) celebrate that and keep pushing forward!!! Let me know if u need me!
you have a dead pool list??
I just got home from one of the longest days of my life
Baseball??? What's that?? Oh right...it's the BORING sport. Kinda like golf, right?
Any RT's of my last tweet about the Pete Frates Fund is greatly appreciated!!! Thank you!
Thanks for the new Likes, friends!
How to "Chicago Step Dance" with my hubby.
Twitter is failing horrible on me tonight :(
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
The Silk Tie likes Algernon! Thanks for the service!
A Bedtime Story For The Ages - Huffington Post (blog)
still doesnt follow us . #failures .
ole quiet ass!
Gorilla Biscuits. Dope. Old school.
Disparate Youth - Santigold
FFNL is a vital time for the people of Avalon.
yeah, I've got a Samsung plasma in my living room and love it. When it dies, I'll get another Samsung.
Did any Apple users out there catch the Mac-only virus going around? Looks like increasing popularity has made them a new target.
Than after class. I dream to be you. A geek.
our pleasure. Keep up the great content!
I just took my food handlers permit test online for an hour and a half and got paid for it. But i felt like a little kid banned from recess.
heading to #RBMS10 !!! watch out philly
thank ya sir:)
I'm missing
you have to tonight in case it's actually hideous. If so ill need to return it :) haha
Yes, a way to check the pulse of people. Effectively a RT in another medium. It's why paper media is going under-lack of content.
do you even miss me
My youth too! Might as well jump...
with the big ole granny panties!!! LOL
Thanks for the follow , ,
Battles: Dross Glop
I don't think it matters what day you do it on as long as you get one long run in a week. I often have to do mine on Friday!
Get a room! Founders working in #coworking spaces need to make reasonable efforts to keep ideas secret to protect their IP.
how is that a foul????
follow us on here on twitter "Music Talent Group is the new entertainment industry's home for live music events and concerts
Delivery? Guess hell is closer to freezing over. We will be open this afternoon. Sorry no shuttle service today.
Every straight guy at this Ingrid Michaelson concert is single, right? As a tall person, I already feel terrible about the standing rm venue
Dat Was A Good Nap
m' ok
Weird how if you're 75 and you date a girl 20 years younger friends admire you.But if you're 25 and you do it people freak out. Huh?
it's in richmond but the county
The weekend is almost here. I have some things to build, bed frames, bookcases and my sleep time! Yeah. I am getting some sleep.
That's a really good question. I'm honestly not sure. I was afraid of being vulnerable, so maybe.
I know... it'd be awesome for SKC though ;)
Hey follow back ?
So much work to do. Almost done with this first part of my midterm. Tomorrow is going to be a living hell.
Glad I helped inspired you
When starting and growing your business, it&#039;s important to bootstrap with your own resources as much as possible. -Mike Smith
My first two weeks as a 30 year old have felt exactly like my last two weeks as a 29 year old - blah.
Thank you & for confirming my Josh Beckett idiocy.
Every time I'm back in #USVI & go someplace seeking customer service, I'm reminded why things are SO bad here!
“: u guys better not be teasing me!! ” this is no tease this is for real this time haha
Got a new one months ago. Still haven't plugged it in. All about the stovetop/oven style. Even reheating. May give it away
yo is there gonna be any open gyms this summer?
Oh, and I'm redying my purple bits in my hair. They were fading too much for my liking.
You lost me at 'we cheer'
"So stressed and no time to do anything" is what everyone's thinking right about now
If you see Jack, be sure to say hi! RT : I'm going to #SpiritNight tonite for food and fun. Go Wildcats!
I can't believe I'm actually rooting for LA, but they actually have an exciting squad.
Bynum… miss 2 in a row…really?
RT : Wake the fuck up & play your damn game, & Bynum!
BY BY BY
Thanks for the RT !
Wtf... Aight give me a minute.
“: Hey guys, women who like football are faking it...they also don't like beer, or sucking your dick.” hilarious
yuu were really great tonight i enjoyed the show
Beautiful swing by Altuve
Want to get away from downtown? Come check out uptown for some great food/drink and ambiance! ^RS
Great catching up with this morning!
Thanksgiving must've actually been happy this year as I haven't read any good, family-themed horror story updates.
Live Life To The Fullest!
Define "Productive." If the end is an unsustainably materialist consumer good, I find more value in human relationships.
He hasn't gone 8 innings in a game as a Brewer yet; this could be the day
How do you compete with large chain restaurants?
LOOOL! maan iBet peoople look at us &' r like look at that sexy shoulder &' arm (;
A healthy diet and and exercise can cure a whole lot of wrong. And, it doesn't take much time to feel the effects.
People be on twitter all damn day.. pathetic
Hello to
I have more followers than let's see how long *that* lasts; I'm guessing 5 minutes
lol! There was a picture of the ICONic Boyz on my screen and then a fly flew straight at the screen and fell down!
Humbled to honor Marisa Ugarte and her work saving victims of trafficking today w/ La Jolla Soroptimists.
Such a rude piece of nonsense (rude piece of nonsense being office mate specifically, not just the noises her mouth hole makes).
thank you! Hope you can check us out sometime.
no doubt. Got a bit dusty around the office for a few minutes...
Love your stuff! I need to own some of that! :)
Both LA teams are about to be outta here!
Good Evening
keep grinding baby. Something will give and the opportunity comes to those who endlessly pursue their skills. U got it bruddah.
I never thought the term "recess" could evoke so much happiness past the 5th grade.
yup! In the 5th ward!
Library IT… where any minor data problem can be creatively turned into a pesky graph traversal problem!
Our entire world depends on each decision we make every moment & every moment can be our last. Make good use of the opportunity of life!
I think thats a good idea. lol
i'll be honest: if i had to choose, i want the giants to win but really i'm watching the superbowl for the commercials :)
Currently watching a funny horror series called HELL'S KITTY
Why can't I be suspended one more day I don't wanna go to school):
#ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo do your project for you... having fun???(;
ahhahhah wtf man i was singing this all day !!! Love yu brother !! Yu the shit damn
Haha this may be the best thing I have heard...in my entire life. Fantastic idea!!
have u seen the singer of Allstar Weekend in Just Left's music video?
I'm good - thanks for the add back- trying to figure out if I ever shopped beats your way-?
Looking for a quick (healthy) fix for dinner this week? Check out - she will hook you up!
Went to the post office to pick up my package only for her to tell me it was in my landlord's office right next to my apartment. Solid.
RT I hope everyone is having a great day.
Watching RIM break down is more entertaining that trashy tv. Bring out the popcorn. This is gonna be great.
Trying to get Alex to follow me.. So far its not working </3
i wish they made office chairs that are large enough to lay in the fetal position in..
#YouKnowItsConcertWeekWhen your apartment is a mess, fridge is empty, and there're more clothes in your laundry hamper than in your closet.
what the hell you doing out there!?!!
Can't wait! RT : Happy opening to #blocSTAR's Jeremiah 'Showtyme Haynes' & 'Shani 'Virgo' Alston and the rest of COTTON CLUB PARADE!
Your not the person I thought u were
Off to get my lil man. Hopefully his pink ass isn't in a bad mood today.
- go out and drink beer, you deserve one.
"Insurance is like marriage. You pay, pay, pay, and you never get anything back."
MANE he is the REAL DEAL!!!
Ok, barking dog for 5 days and nights! Unfricking ridiculous
The worst thing bought fighting with your friend is they say all the bad things they thought of you out loud :'(
Thanks for the reply - let me know if you ever need a big bowl of hot soup - i promise it will b On the Table Fresh + Hot!!
in my office we play shoot the director of marketing with a nerf gun...but that isn't really an app.
dangerous move, Mr. Patronik.
Hey so when does your album actually come out??
Good morning!!(:
Now listen to this: the half-life of PCB's (polychlorinated biphenlys) is 10-15 YEARS!
Hi jbehnke, thanks for following!
thanks for the #FF!
Hey ladies come check out surrender night club tonight! Steve aoki b-day! Come party it up just hit me up 4 info! Only
brb. speeding down 275
Apparently theyre building a dominos on the moon in 2014... I wonder if theyll do deliveries
you guys are crazy with this orgasm thing.....haha
you're welcome!
Thinking positive about this flight to nyc....positive, must stay positive. Ohhhhmm : /
Tweet me when you're here and we can figure it out. Just in case we're filming, I'll stop by after or something.
(old unpaid claims, not current issues)
Your not the king of akron. You are a pile of shit who played games with your fans!But Delonte is loving doing your crackhead mom
I've got on my Historian hat this wkend at #OAH2012. Tweeting during the panel feels rude to this newbie, so we will see!
does it also come with a referral to a cardiologist?
RT : Enjoyed the lunchined, wish I could stay longer to get more knowledge! *thx !*
There goes again brushing ER teeth
Chillin w/ David ♥
Yes. I entertain myself by #smacking my #butt and watching it ripple! Its fun! Try it sometime!
That awkward moment when this random girl named "camryn" is opening for your 1D concert...
kristen ❤ I miss you so much. When are you coming back!? So much to tell you!!!!
We are officially on vacation for a few days. Back Thursday 4/26!
Nothing much. how was school?
The term glass for cameras is widely used to describe the camera lens.
Hope everyone is finding great deals on #CyberMonday!!
We're new to Twitter. 3 cheers for moms everywhere.
Chris brown and Rihanna has been spotted together at MGM Grand cosino in Las Vegas
a first for everything:
<3 --> RT " someone who is down to do anything with you & sticks by your side >"
a month? Lol
IK!!!!! GOSH YOU MEANY BUTT!!! I didn't know I'm sorry that I spelt his name wrong>:( grrr(;
If we were made to all be alike then we would be called duplicates instead of individuals.
Live tweet at the today using
You're annoying. Please shut the fuck up before I shove the arts and crafts your working on down your throat.
Heat shield under car scraped off by mid-road snow berm left by plow, requiring mid-road bungee cord application...& vacuum cleaner blew up.
Since I can't be at #rdap12 I am going for a walk in the spring sunshine.
Happy belated birthday! Miss you & sorry this is a couple days late!
Love those bags, but sadly I don't have Tony Stark money to afford one.
Now that's schools over, I need to look for a second job...suggestions? :)
-_- i got a new phone too..no joke... I got bored with twitter and i just now came back to it...got tired of all the spam
omg oh no 2 goals now sorry manu :((((
Per Mensem => Every Month
RT : Don’t depend on other people as the source of your happiness or for approval. -Joyce
Jeffrey standing and talking about how anonymous door knocker pressured him to "rescind" his signature. Asks how did they get my address?
LOL Damn am hungry as Hell its getting worse FUCKKKKK
#VH1Divas is off to a great start
Where did you find Suits online? I've been looking!
LOL! Think I might have to pin that one on Pinterest!
Its cause god feels sorry for them": truuu RT : ONLY LAKER FANS GO TO HEAVEN"
thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! Have a great week : )
My cousin a fuckin thug .. but she nasty Af .. I can't live her lifestyle nope nope nope
House-building and Waffle House are all I need.
I was thinking file-sharing, now that Mega Uploads is shut down.
RIP Carroll Shelby. So long, and thanks for the horsepower.
we have our standard campus badges, but were advised against a specific #UWM because of cost.
I'm gonna start cooking around 6:30pm-ish...That way its done by time hockey starts :)
cuz I made a shitload of money the first day of sales and there were a good bit of weed leaves on it. Haha.
Can't wait to see ya'll on Friday! =)
A ritual at the house of , in which I live: The removal of the menorah and x-mas tree and the return of the life-sized donkeys.
You tell a guy you just wanna be friends and suddenly they hate you .
I. Love. Ender.
what ? lol “: Girls that's not Terika love them lol”
Getting new windows (the real kind for my house)!
Happy #FF everybody - who wants us to say nice things about them? Just mention us in a tweet! Last chance!
The Federal Reserve's "twist" strategy is going to push 30 YR rates to unprecedented levels. How does 3.875 0 points 30 YR Fixed sound!
*Smiles back*
her n dj had a late night. They decided to start her bday early lol
Rappers love words that rhyme with drugs. I'm surprised they don't party more in Spokane.
What a great week! Filming, private coaching, hanging with my agent, feeling great! :D
Science in Reference Universe: The Encyclopedia of Environmental Ethics and Philosophy, 2010 from
Good call by the #Browns, doing what they can to make sure they lock up Trent Richardson. Dude is a horse & will run hard behind that O line
Watching OWN, this is so powerful...I'm hooked. Seeing how these families live makes me grateful for every precious moment of life.
can't believe it's been that long since CO in college. Jealous for sure. Where y'all going?
Painted for three hours squatting down. Who needs weight training anyway?
Good to see Wondo and JPA on the score sheets tonight. Class guys!
Portugal Show number 9 tomorrow, it's gonna be good
Best way to solve car problems: roll up a newspaper, stick it in your gas tank, light it up, walk away slowly.
Dress Rehearsal in about an hour!!! Are you excited for a sneak peek of THE SPANISH ROOM?
Deep thanks to all who have served, and have supported those who serve.
I want some Mexican food....that real deal. Taco bell don't count -__-
Money creates my grind my mind striaghtns my time......
#BeautifulPeopleIFollow Everybody Who Is Reading This <3 Your Are All B E A U T I F U L !
hii =] thank u so much =D
Mom: What does IDK, ILY, and TTYL mean? ... Me: I don't know, i love you, talk to you later .. Mom: ok i'll go ask your sister.
the world may never know pete.
Who else is looking forward to the new album is releasing? Deffenetly covering many of the song on that album. #believe <333
Finally set up the voicemail after 6 months. feel free to call and if I don't answer don't hesitate to leave a message lol
Threw my back out jogging this morning...take that! Personal fitness.
Birthday weekend was a bust
Paranormal romance is the urban fantasy of romance genre.
Stop giving out my Pornhub password. Thanks.
Really? :D
One more day @ work then 2 weeks of nothing but mixing, can't wait to hit the decks!
Check out Outliers -- it is one of my favorites.
No problem
Txtin shorty until one of us fall asleep
I'm baleening toward intentional fish puns. I spent $5 for a book of whale puns. They were awful. I got my finback.
please tell me you're sunning yourself on the beach, sipping on a cocktail with an umbrella in it.
Help! Need to pick a bag for my Iceland/UK trip. Any female travelers used and loved the tri-star or sky train bags?
no freaking way. that's AWESOME!!!
I haven't been on twitter in so long :T
was a nose away from winning a trifecta.
Meet who! RT : #MammothFestival is this weekend! RT for chance to win 2 free...passes for Sat. & meet Gavin DeGraw.
Thanks! And thanks ! She is awesome! ;)
I was outta wifi for a min. but im bacc
Hoop Dreams
no i didnt check it out
omg yeah i will be such a bitch tomorrow!!/:< ok ok finee
nice road trip to cleveland to see the Cavs,trying to recover now
Still sick. Converted a scene I wrote a while back into a short I should be filming soon so I guess a nap is well deserved.
When you love someone you except them for who they are. You don't try to change them.
I'm a teacher who believes in working COLLABRORATIVELY with parents.
Had a blast this weekendtoo bad it had to end so soon
define old school- I'm Still Standing? Or Goodbye Yellow Brick Road?
I can be in boston in an hour and a half if you would like a massage, totally professionalish, Im just throwing out the offer
Just caught up on last Monday's #TheVoice and while I love all the judges... is strong this season. Oh, dang. so good!
Cinco De Mayo is tomorrow! We have 2 shows and Coronas for $3!
She's definitely a 10. -at Children's Courtyard Day Care.
What Up #oomf!! HOPE THIS BRINGS THAT BABY ON IN!! Lol
Let's see how tomorrow erupts ;)
caught your show NYE! Liked it a lot hope to see you again soon playing a longer set!!!!
I guess you guys should change your show's title to
die in a hole
5 days until we debut the #popboompow video! Also, new songs, pics, and dates coming soon! Get ready!!!
Thanks! We'll ring you! MT : did you know we give discounts to all students and faculty?? Call us & order today!
Thanks for sharing! I like that your library includes a section on "Selection of recommended Internet sites"
when do you play?
says she'll grant fund & my positions when she wins #Mega Millions! What will u do w/ winnings ?
God is so amazing!!!!
I think a YouTube channel with tv shows playing with tweets popping up would make bank.
Tonight Lenny Kaye told me I did a good job and made the rock gods proud. BEST. COMPLIMENT. EVER.
ugh! that sounds painful!
I hope you hurt and your walls fall down when you hear the sound that i'm okay. I'll be okay. <3
Full moon tonight. Dress like a werewolf and get your drinks half off tonight. Who has the nerve to do it?
Good choice!
lol the kind of icing I got last night !
#Instagram is the most amazing app ever invented :o
Hello Rachel! Happy Holidays!
"The voice does go up in a poem. It is an address, even if it is to oneself." And why it's called sweet poetry to the ears.
Wonderful!! We hope to do a lot of fun things! Happy Thanksgiving!
Calvin Johnson is getting paid! Highest contract ever
lookING NOW, lol, I am such an art whore, I tell you , LOL
RT Oh, your boyfriend has swag? That'll pay your bills in 10 years.
Being a musician is a true blessing...I love what I do.
Got my homecoming outfit and shoes and accessories for $100 and I still have money left over!
Another tweetup? “: it was great hanging out w/ you guys tonight! #ncvstweetup”
TW Noll 4-0 so far at USJN event in Barrington, IL...playing well now that they're full strength
I enjoyed #Footloose, but I wasn't impressed. my full review should be coming up soon...
it needs to happen!
where you at
Ppl get mad when they business get out... Whoever you told first made it public knowledge..... Foolish ass
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! #7bars !!!!!!
I'm Logan, you don't know me. I just saw you and thought you were cute
working on my skillz D;
she means the world to me. I don't think she'll forgive me. I ruined everything.
He's behind now but they're keeping the faith.
we love you guys! But please help us get more followers :P *air kisses* ahaha :)
you're annoying.
Lost my retainer in bed. Again. Some people (like me) shouldn't have clear retainers.
<3333333 an don't even make that face
yikes. You know the computer get hot... Ha
I had one of McDonald's Peppermint Hot Chocolates yesterday morning. It ... was not of the tasty.
Fun night, to say the least.
No, you're fun and games
hearing Portland has inside track on J Craw
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. - Thomas Carlyle
Simple #vegetarian breakfast #recipe Cheerios with Coconut Milk and for a snack... #Love Crunch!
Were performing at Saturday March 10th! come out for a night of awesome hip hop and learn kiddies!
Party people! Time to have some fun tonight
Q4: If you have the students pick concepts within units, then the topics are unlimited.
make sure you check out the animal style fries...just look at frazier's plate :)
sounds good! When do you get to LA?
Great throat ulcers rule, and a 7 hour shift! I'm so happy!
How are u holding up? Have u gone postal yet? :P
oh... My Christmas was cool, just another day working in the city!! What did I sign up for? A rat race!?!! ;-)
Tech basketball is depressing to watch.
Tebow's marketing guy and new NJ resident to be...RT : J! E! T! S! JETS! JETS! JETS!
Hey Frankie what are doing?
Talking to customer service is like talking to a wall. They don't listen. Pushy sales ppl when trying to ask a simple question.
Oliver just chased down a duck...caught up to her, and then didn't know what to do.
You Can Change it All because you are Remarkable.... www.sofiafellini.com
It was 20 years ago the a buddy first dragged me to the UCSB computer lab to check out the World Wide Web. First search? Red Dwarf
I hope you stopped at the Driftwood Inn in St. Ignace. Some of the best chicken wings I've ever had.
The Coolest & Most Swagged Big Boy I Know, Lol & Smh <<
The number one car in for repairs is,, 2000-2009 dodge intrepid- in for oil sudge, knocking,electrical issues, transmission problems
Ahh, repurposing half-finished posts as discussion topics. Interesting.
You'll see me rockin' these all summer RT : Ginuwine, our glass pony is loving the new Pabst Blue Ribbon x Pro-keds Collab Shoe
Had a cville debut pint of Boxcar at last night! Looking forward the big batch.
Dear bald guy with the long hair pulled over the front.... we know.
Gonna go clean the car (:
I have the sickest headache right now. I feel like Ron Artest just punched me in the face... and I'm talkin' Indiana Pacers Ron Artest 👊
just an old saying my friend would say before one of those yolo moments haha.
Refs did the right thing with 5 minutes there - just a stupid, dangerous play by Orpik.
Attending a Birthday this weekend? Need a gift fast? No worries Sydney b. has just what you need and we gift wrap for you too!
Yeah, it's def crazy. You take your chances out there.
Thank you to all who came to class today! Thank you AMANDA GRIND for sharing your knowledge.
pillow case making might pay more. Haha
This bus driver doesnt want his bus dirty. Awww
And shouldn't someone with Presidential aspirations know better? His Dad was Governor of Michigan, for Pete's sake
We only watched 2 eps of DR this season before giving up. Too much reality this season.
I'd do the same thing. At least if you crash it everyone goes down in flames while looking good.
Oh yeah, it's April Fool's huh? Day of (annoying) fake pregnancies/engagements. Awesome.
Make it a handmade Holiday! Come shop Holiday Market Chase tower downtown 10am-3pm today!!!!
you still got my #?
enjoyed connecting w/ healthcare leaders & colleagues @ ACHE CEO discussionpanel last night. powerful insight in2 mind of successful leaders
To say the least. Haven't seen them in over 5 months, was very grateful for the pop-in.
Are you ready to a leaner, tighter, healthier you?
Miller and Battier still with no attempts from 3.... smfh
Ima stay locked in this room all day
Go follow my friend - she follows back..
Spencer are you strictly dickRT : Entertain me please im bored and willing to answer pretty much any question you have for me
there's always Lexington. Hell you know were headed to Catlanta next year too!
we are up to 40 amazing makers rich now. Are you interested in stopping by to check things out? Tuesday @ 7PM is a good time. :)
Ok I admit I have made a few trying!
Going to rampage tattoo this week, im excited.
Chase Utley fielded ground balls during BP. First time he's done that since rejoining team.
Anyone good at thermochemistry and quantum mechanics....holla @ me. Lol
Cheese Steak Tuesday... m good :)
“: As man, you're in charge of the relationship so take charge. Be the man she needs you to be.”
yeah, that will do it. Good for you. Thanks for your service. You workout in the gym? Like weights?
That's exactly the point I took from your info as well. And they think they're being so sneaky. Somebody's going to turn them in
Orphan V is interested in agents and publishers, please identify yourself if interested. Thank you!
PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND we support !! please??? #RNGeezies ;) <3
Chris Bosh is the x factor for Miami. He was the most consistent player last postseason.
9-2. Sorry just read this. Barely on my way.
They want us to believe Facebook is worth $100 Billion? My ass.
Does it get any better than M.a.s.h. Or Cheers?
Sweet is your “Nature”, Dear is your “Name”, As Earth wants Water, flower wants Dew. I want nothing…. But Happiness for You.
thanks, Gwen! Wishing you a beautiful day.
just dandy. I'm leaving sl june 12th is my last day.
come down to DC if you have time! :)
did u see the tweet about old dude?
I'm not even laughing -_-
Lots of news to share soon
Warren G is gonna be at Coachella, wow how old school. Sad Nate Dogg won't be there :(, Regulators would've been dope to hear.
Baker thaqts is some funny shit
His support here is strong too. It will be interesting to see how this endorsement process turns out.
that is so awesome!!!!!!!
obsessed with your music. #favorite artist
The other SF wins the MVP award.
Good morning and happy wednesday! It's #clingyadventure wednesday today, guess where clingy's going...
idk it's just a suggestion think about it tweet me back :)
i like that one:) how r you?
Sitting in Loyola Park gazing at the soothing blue of Lake Michigan. And watching the seagulls. A bit like I never left Florida.
please follow so you can share great deals like free admission on Sunday mornings from 9am-1pm.
Hi Kelly, may I send you my book to share with your family?It's about personalities related to DOB. Esp.March, March dad! Address?
oh no! I'll be your date :)
SEASON PREMIERE:)
dolma's newest destination: LYDIA'S 8845 SIX FORKS RD RALEIGH NC 27615
Way to give it your all in OT Ohio..
I thought loved pizza like me, but wants #Nacho scented Man Candle. Who knew?
Those 2 games were home vs. Tampa Bay, and at Buffalo, so that shouldn't be too surprising.
18th playoff series he is Mr. Heat
The Witches scarred me for life. Whenever I hear about that movie, I immediatly shiver. Creepiest kids movie ever.
My Uncle, "I don't know their [Sharks] prospects like the Pens so I don't know if they gave up a lot". Continued
Omw to school
Even though me and my brother hate each other, I'd take a bullet for him any day!
You missed him today at church. He had his tie on lol.
and this is the future Mrs. Timberlake...
Awesome! I spent it with the family. Church, lunch and fun times! :)
Discounts inside Easter Eggs! Ends Sat at BVEN Boutique. Valid on up to three regular priced items. Pick yours and save....
Today is the first day of spring and we are excited for air conditioning season to begin! Are you enjoying the warm temperatures?
So my mom would love for me to go big with music. Glad my mom believes in me<3
SDSU defensive lineman Dontrell Onuoha pleaded not guilty to assault and battery charges this afternoon.
. helping people feel good about making bad choices...it's what we do
Oh come on! I was SO expecting some sort of "well you're older than me" dig. You're losing your edge too, Mark!
Hey #sjsharks tweeps, you added a ton to my enjoyment of the season. See you all soon!
did you make the sandwich? How did it turn out?
April fools.
i like house number 2 better so far...
did u here I lost my qb today manning not a colt.....damn
Currently chatting with a "customer representative" about my nook. We'll see how this goes.
I know. My brain may explode.
Have to go Brad ... make Miranda happy dude :)
Enough work 4 today. Aaron BarRAZA is out working me, I have NO FRIENDS in EP, the feds are snooping around, I NEED a STIFF martini NOW!
. wrapping up another great week in our traditional way: Beer Friday :) What are you guys up to this weekend?
Hello, weekend. Beginning my Friday night training regimen for the Jingle Bell Run on Sunday: Grey Goose with a splash of Gatorade.
My Mind Is A Weapon
Merry Christmas sista. Thanx for all you've done.
This tweet just blew away from me.
#IAmSimon he was great with remarks to Marcus
yeah , girls are crazy .
What the world needs is more re-branded E-mail products!
no this doesnt mean i like country music
So on top of sleep apnea I now have diabetes.
Wee hah! A beautiful day! This week check out Sean, Willow and Michael at the Good Bike... they'll chill your Cuban coffee just right!
Unfortunately, it looks like APG doesn't accept being given a subkey and wants the master key as well.
If you do come bring cause he aint got no car. He still got that NY state of mind riding trains all fukn day! hahaha
Q. What is the only game in which the more you lose, the more you have to show for it? A. Strip Poker
& then y'all wonder why I can't trust you nshit. Smh learn how to lie.
watch your head :P
OK Home from working out, On to the hockey/baseball game. Gold's Gym has several TV's and neither game on. VERY SAD. Both teams need a win.
The two most common elements in the world are hydrogen and stupidity.
Will you guys be at the #ICSC convention in Vegas?
Bought some mangos, im a happy girl!:)
I think I have learned to sleep with my eyes open. Oh and p.s. there is no rule that says every tweet must have a # so take it easy folks.
LOL. O_o I'm clubbing with ma piggy bank jk.
Charlie Laavalle thanks Stan Thompson of The Heinz Endowments & Kevin Jenkins of The Pittsburgh Foundation for their support of the HEN
why is ur twit pic a black man
Well done, madam. Monogrammed slippers would be awesome indeed. Alas, mine are merely plaid.
Please do! :)
Me too! I need a vaca!
Got too go too dads work too take a shower. #winning Nitro better have water soon!!!
For real! Tami, Evelyn and Suzi would have been dealt with!
Our brand-new ballet score, co-written by Cello Fury's Simon & Ben and some of our best work yet, will be premiered on February 24 & 25!
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
So we are working on the movie. The Art work is done, going to launch on kickstarter soon.
#OWS will be at the Brooklyn Food Conference tomorrow all day. Animal Issues has 9 workshops planned on a range of topics. Join us!
LOL OMG YES I REMEMBER<3 I MISS YOU MORE
my expectations rise in direct proportion to out-of-pocket expenses :)
So why I'm always thirsty whit hangovers! ": Beer is mostly water. This is why the water used has such an effect on the flavor."
The race is on! Can we get 1,000 followers are raise $100 for the WWF by next Tuesday? RT and spread the word!
I grabbed some great print and audiobooks on my way out of the library tonight. There are so many awesome things I want to read RIGHT NOW.
okay(: Same here
Usually per year.
Anyone have Draw Something? :)
Celebrate what you’ve accomplished, but raise the bar a little higher each time you succeed.
I need to stop thinking about you! :) You mean nothing to me n__n I'm glad you know this!
I'm going to try to get regular vip tomorrow
We're heading out to Palo Alto College's PAC Fest! Come and join us from 9-5.
The Wilpons, Madoff scandal, Woody clown and Rexy bear are way up there with him buddy. Fact.
ill try to forgive you, (:
lol so i remembered i have ALL of my Blood on the Dance Floor & other scene shit buried in a box in my closet after i moved.. Goodwill?! ;D
Just took care of the problem. My account was hacked! Sorry!!
Whoa. Good thing James Jones signed that shiny new contract. RT $5000 fine for throwing ball into stands.
"When enthusiasm is inspired by reason; controlled by caution; sound in theory; practical in application; reflects confidence; spreads good.
It IS Billy Hunter!!
that made me giggle :)
and that there be tolerably frequent expressions of confidence.
Translating German.
The trouble with talking too fast is you may say something you haven't thought of yet. ~Ann Landers
yes mayb tomorrow :)
ahh shit!! shake that ass now move it like a gypsy!! stop woah back it up and let me see you hip swing!!! #gottalovesavage!! ik its old!
look forward to hearing them
Never been soo itchy in my life
. Thanks babe. Had a blast! Love you too!
Never fails.. Sick kiddies = sick me! Fortunately my mini pharmacy includes Airborne and echinacea.
Thank you!!! RT Love your new website. Great graphics and navigation!
I had the same problem when I was stuck at 160 C& J, could clean the 165 and jerk 170, but couldn't C & J 165!
Four principles of LOD, #3- It should point users back stuff that tells them what that thing is
My mom is a retired educator... The state of education is unsettling at best.
Chicago next week!
There is always, ALWAYS something to be thankful for.
are you pregnant? lmfao
Had a great conversation about players & upcoming recruiting period with Coach Stan Johnson of Drake U. today. Solid assistant and Good guy.
hi niki can u please send me a autograph
Thank You Lord For Being With Me Always.. I Love You...
And many of em RT don't watch HS football, so I'd be game for USAFA CFB games on Friday nights. Great tickets available I bet
had a great time in Boston after a fantastic two weeks at Tanglewood!
I downloaded Draw Something an hour ago and have already concluded that the whole world sucks at Pictionary.
who's going to be seeking CE from public libraries: economically disadvantaged; seniors who rewire instead of retire, etc.
Sorry all at #DesignBizChat about the spammers -too bad it's taking away fr the experience here 2day - so much great info that we're sharing
Stay Gold Frownie!
Thunder o:
I don't know how I feel about you anymore.
ack, Sharon I am sorry my phone autocorrected the wrong name! So sorry!
Dark hair I don't care
get off Twitter.
John D. is back from his travels! Come on in and say hello or get piercing :)
get back Online DAMN GOOFY.
HOW WAS UR MOVE!?!? AND HOW LONG R U STAYING THERE?!?!?:):D
Do you have a dream wedding dress designer?
People love when I scream, apparently?
Can't be sacred money in NY
#WordPress #Tools BlogFollow – Shows a snippet of the user’s blog beneath their comment.
Even though I punched him in the face once, I still wish that Sid (Crosby) would return healthy this season.
= AC = Cool, = AM = Morning, together it makes Cool Morning <3 They need to make a other one(; <3
qiooewqiuwfowofdhph. Explosions. Get out of my life.
Mine says I have to forgive. *whines* But I don't wanna just yet. :(
Louisville fans, help me out: are you as superstitious as Kentucky fans are? I see some UK fans doing some weird stuff (including me).
Hey just a heads up, I got a spammy DM from you. You may wanna report it and change your PW. Happy Gallery Night tomorrow!
Can we also just pause a moment to collectively appreciate the unintended hilarity of the coffee announcements?
Lol 2 cyclists just blew through a red light with max coming a block away. 16th and Yamhill.
When I get off the bus my best friend says bye. When a popular kid gets off the bus, the whole fuckin bus yells bye. I feel the love.
Check people on my DMV lists.
Do tell, which one?
love it! We're doing a bike parade Sun for our Open house w/ an afterparty. This will be great training! Let's do it
Ha! It was definitely one of my more adventurous culinary experiences; I'm usually such a 'meat & potatoes' guy.
Congrats to the GR8 Ryan Braun on being named NL MVP. It was much deserved!
just Tue right price
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I think I'm in love. #Stage5Clinger Run!
Hello Cali... who's ready for another great show at #NAMM ? I am!
continues to disrespect the orlando magic, this is crap.
Why don't you link your new book LINKS in your bio, too?
ACS client learned how to interview during the first # module & got a job- so successful!
Lunch time. Come on in kitchen open and bar for a beverage. Cheers
At the Lincoln Center Library, you can watch hundreds of recordings of Broadway shows. I'm not joking.
are you at #volcanovistas graduation?
are you in Dallas today for #alamw12 find out more about Room C149 Dallas Convention Center today at 2pm
Work in a few hours... ima have to record another song before i go
The show will be available across multiple formats so if folks want to access it the right way - i.e. legally - it will be easy.
you need to figure out the whole "get guys to buy me drinks" routine. Then you won't spend anything haha
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it!!
Its early, give me a break.
Im sorry to hear that lol
Not quite sure what you're asking, Patricia.
Fantastic meeting of the minds over Jockamos in Irvington. Always fun work to do!
well...My head hurts, gonna go #offline practice ACT tomorrow, wish me luck you guys ^_^
YEI Weekly Challenge! TURN DOWN YOUR WATER HEATER... lowering the temp on water heaters can reduce your heating costs by 10% Give it a try.
The most amazing guitarist, Preston Reed is performing 10-2 @ Caspar Inn not far from you if you're still there tomorrow!
I love foot rubs!!!
Of course! :)
I miss your tan skin, your sweet smile, so good to me, so right.
RT : Make sure you’re following tomorrow for the unveiling of the conference primetime TV schedule! >> No 3-hour show, please.
We need EVERYONE to be with UNDErTAKER on this one
I don't know how often Uncle Augie reads his email, but would you tell him I just sent him one about Dad's house? Thanks
Great win coach...keep pluggin!
Thanks! We do, too!
Just wanna let you all know...I saw the lady with the parakeet on the sidewalk again today. This time it was perched on her rolly cart.
huge ups to the best people in the world showing up for a great cause.
Finally off work :))
Definitely for tablets right now iPad is the only way to go. Phones is a mixed picture but I'd start in iOS first.
thanks, mr. Autocorrect.
let's hang out this weekend!
Ive confirmed, through 2 Ravens sources, Suggs has a torn achilles & will need surgery. No timetable for his return is known right now.
John Michael Montgomery, Thursday, March 22 at 7:00pm at Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Albuquerque. TICKETS $20 & UP
Attended the "Books for a Better Life Awards" in NY recently. Missing the "Light it up Blue" events at the Empire State Bldg. & Rockflr Ctr
Thanks! My leg hurts.
he'll give you that organic meat all right
it;s never too late as long as you take four or five shots before 12
Thanks so much -- have a great rest-of-the-week
hi dave omfg
“: #toiletgirl” you don't understand that no one ever understands you.
Getting treated to a fish fry at tonight for dinner! Really looking forward to this!
#UHtaughtme how badass and exciting college football can be.
could i pls get a S/O OR A FOLLOW BAC
It is going to be a beautiful weekend here in the NW. Make sure you are using your Clicgear Cart when you hit the links!!
thanks for the mention
Is that thunder I hear. Let it rain!!!!!
remember we are in TX so unskilled labor is not a problem..temps are an integral part of staffing in TX saves $$$$$
Ah!! love it! I want to stare at it forever
Apparently, is back!!!
I have felt so bad & so weak but I know God has a reason for everything we go through. Continued next tweet
Sorry, my daughter Heather was not in school yesterday because we had to put our dog asleep. he was very old....
Battle of the Bands this friday, April 22nd, at The Depot at SF State from 3PM-6PM!!!!
My pot just said thanks for all the birthday wishes.
& thanks for the tweets!
...why thank you 😊 also 122 NW 10th (Powell's) and 3747 N Mississippi....more to come...
Yeah w/e you say :P
Yes I should be your intern! :)
Jennifer Aniston postpones her engagement to Justin Theroux
Happy Mother's Day
You realize you and a few of his other patients actually paid for those hockey tickets?
#IWishYouKnew How much you actually mean to me . How I feel towards you & What I would do just to get your attention <3
"Technology is transforming the ease to start a business, scale & gain traction." -Professor George Foster
That's how she feel.
Which one is it? What's the password?
Won't we all be glad when next Tuesday turns to Wednesday? No more political ads.
#orphans8 the Tassilo Adams footage Gartenberg Media showed was absolutely stunning. Jaw-dropping, even.
It's sad I would consider living in Atlanta, solely because their airport is boss
Alright alright all-riiiiiiiiiii!:)
RT : Who says it doesn't pay to tweet? I won a $25 gift card from yesterday for following & RTing abt contest.
Happy Friday #abq peeps!
You can add THE DEATH OF BEES to that list. Coming Winter 2013!
U shut up!!
Not much, got a callback in Chicago for The Voice:)
Kinder: differences between databases (search and retrieval) and archives (collecting or gathering)
Damn im too excited.
Thank god I don't work today. The last thing I need is to be folding clothes and listening to that loud ass music with a hangover.
Barbara Jacoby - When we lead our students through reflection they begin to see how they can become part of the solution.
I dnt trust anyone
kudos 2 Obama for supportin same sex marriage. who are we to tell people who 2 love. Time 4 the Far Right to go nuts. ready. set. go crazy.
Working on Sunday, again, some day I'll have a life again.
I came into this world black, naked and ugly. And regardless of how much I amass here, it's a short journey. I will go back bare and ugly.
Another beautiful day in Chicago...Join us for lunch at BIN 36 today!
and it's already taken! Thanks for the heads up.
- I just got off the phone w ... so stoked about the event. Will def be #FirePower2012 - Cant wait 2 meet ya!
Snow in Pittsburgh but nice in the house with a fire and spa music!
I was thinking if you knew of any cute patterns for a baby blanket
ha yes!! I made the move! It felt right, so I figured what the hell, why not! How ya been?? How's Miami?
Hope to see you today at Malverde in Austin for our Grito news conference. 11:30a!
yes you are.
#actorsloungelive the actors gym youtube.com/cfcla
text mee, i have to tell you something!
no tomarrow we got 1 more on demand then we done for the year
The heck does my battery have to do with.... Anything?
Thank you for saying it so eloquently, I couldn't agree more!
Awesome! We were just talking about that. Now, get out for your run in a "foreign" land! ;-)
Welcome to the wild world of twitter. Thanks for the follow and thanks even more for buying the book!
Not really. I just don't want to get too lazy or complacent on that #beerlord throne of his.
When are you coming to Nashville?!
That could be a big blown call. We know what can happen when Elvis gets on in front of Hamilton.
Awesome playoff win tonight! Game tomorrow morning 7 am at grapevine
Glad you said something poignant. Just can't believe that.
Well if it does get killed, I will miss it very much. Enjoyed every minute of it.
I hope Phx is ready for
#WOFCollegeWeek How does this work with the different time zones/ airing times?
They're paid. :) lol
ostensibly there is validity to the veracity of the claim that you are purporting simultaneously to the layman and intellectual
it sounds like God moved at everyone's Church today isn't that awesome the same God here in NY is there in Atlanta and everywhere else wow!!
Sitting 10 rows behind the Cowboy at Reds-Tribe game. Already spoke with Marty and George Foster.
Woohoo, that's a wrap! Shooting the new video took 30 hours in two days, but it's going to be great - I'll post some pics soon.
my new story :)
Of course NYC didn't get gold. But the means I still can go to 2 dates Poughkeepsie and NYC :')
Industry heavyweights team up for EV smart charger project
I really wanna smoke a blunt but im a poor ass change saving motherfucker..
Please follow me on my JB account please ==> <== I will follow you back! ;) -Özlem x
your tweets take the 'entertain' out of entertainer. You're suppose to be good for a laugh, not a lesson. *yawn*
When are you coming to town? Maybe we can help!
before u know it u will be singing "my shiny teeth and me!" lol:D
Guy at the Apple store is a dead ringer for Topher from Workaholics. Same voice, same face. It's making me laugh.
karasimpimson wow hi
In da Lab w/ Suburban Hoodlums, What you know about those Lost Souls, Trippin over Pot Holes at the CrossRoads, Lost Souls!
your recent friend post really hit home- thank you for saying "out loud" what I need to be brave enough to say to myself- Well done
Didn't know where that one was going at first..
please read something with a british accent into a video
Will you be at Expo? Call 972-905-4447 to schedule a meeting in #LasVegas with and
Yup! Great final quote from the #bybravo panel; "[we] don't see a separation between the online and the broadcast - its all content."
#Amtrak I will be embarking on my cross country journey to #Portland #Oregon and I'm looking forward to seeing the heartland of
Setting up for an amazing concert tomorrow!!! Check back later to find out who is helping us to make
where are you??? You watching this?
actually im wrong i was thinking Sam was my other friend Sam Herson
Football workouts today >>>>
HA HA suckers!
Hey , I never got to thank you for the opportunity to be a part of H5O (ep.#213). I had an amazing time playing Jared Burke! Thanks!
We hope everyone enjoyed their weekend! What fun activities did you do?
Uncle:"why didn't you stop and say hi" Me:"...you were walking too fast" (**In reality i was just too lazy)
Perhaps not as open browsing like on the 1st floor. Would be curious what she'd say about this.
thinks that should totally come to PIttsburgh, PA!!!!!! Not only would it make my life but also my bestfriends!!!
you guys are insane. what's the estimated date you hit 100k? looks like will cross 200k by next week!
Congress never did pass an anti-lynching bill.
Isn't it?!? I don't even know what self control is anymore...lol.
Please have the Shaytards on your show! Please? I guarantee you will not regret having and the kids on.
22 more days until #partylove be ready!
you can make in the music industry without being overly sexual and performing exorcisms on stage. you just need your talent
no work today....back to bed
I was told i was a nerd today, #Target employee said "you a nerd." I always thought to be a #geek not a #nerd! /sadface
thanks for the love but "9 Businesses" is actually a project by 4exit4 Productions.
Agreed thats why I dont like move.
Ok let me get this Foxboro Mass has been without power since sunday'' But the Pat's have power for there game on thursday''WTF''
yeah we actually had tickets but I rather be with my babies that night!!!
I am so tired. I wanna go home. This play has became so stupid.
Started Run with at 6:19 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
they're delaying it? Sweet. At least we're not gonna miss anything
yeah, back a home...sick.
i love my life what about u
Your work is beautiful and inspiring
I still play records at home and did a 45 set the first night of Dynamite, but wanna put a real set together again!
Thanks, Andy - good seeing you.
No way!!! Very cool. should be psyched.
ive heard nothing but good things
RT : follow she will follow you back thanks:))
This is my first official tweet! Big audition this weekend.... EP is almost done, video shoot coming up...amazing times!
Is 65 degrees warm enough for #fridaycoffeeclub to set up outside?
i just want some sesame chicken.
Ok, I need more followers, it would mean the world to me if you help me ! (;
its cool, just lemme know whats going on. im free tomorrow
The short film, "The Order of Things" will screen this wed in Houston, TX at 7:30!! if your in houston and want to attend let me know.
#Brewers live box score is telling (and somewhat startling): 7 batting averages below .236 and 4 below .200. Only Braun & Lucroy immune.
Just saw and his QCM posse walking in rittenhouse looking like the Beatles.
Ha,ha,ha! RT : Rick Santorum just divorced his wife and married his dog. Are you happy, Mr. President? via
p.s. love you too
I went to UMKC last year, MSU this year. Excited to see the Campus cuz i wanna debate/go there for college!! :D
#imaddicted to my cell phone. its always in my hand.
when you coming back!? The brotherhood wants to know!
-.- i was laughing at the fact the someone in YouTube thought that was true....
Paul Pierce (knee) will play in Game 5 against the Hawks.
That makes two people that I know who copied my tattoo...already
Thanks, Bob!
There are more than 50,000 earthquakes throughout the world every year.
I must confess I am not a MM fan. I am intrigued by the poster, however. 'Mad Men' Debuts New Season 5 Poster (null)
so fresh and so clean clean. Thanks !!
SCREW YOU SAM! lol
YOU WISH
Don't forget the milk!
I can't wait to see you guys on tour! lol, jk. You're not coming near me so I can't see you.
where are you eating?
