no sir
Thee picture of Ed and Lily looks weird. It looks like Lily cought Ed cheating or something and he's saying "Harry kissed me!"
definitely taco bell.
Penalty Union! Cheeky pk. Very nice. Philly 1 Columbus 0.
I have too much energy
Can we just for one night let the stars where we belong?
will allow us to inform you of nearby offers. We promise the app does NOT operate as a GPS when closed. We're battery friendly :)
Denver better bring it tonight. :] Show tonight at the marquis. Only everyone is coming. :D
Haha my babe will not have a clue for what I got her for Valentines,,
- so glad we don't do that anymore. That was actual work. What I do now... not so much
(c) door shirtless...SHIRTLESS...it was damn hard to stare haah....#fail at that haha...he waved, and then started to go up the stairs (c)
Just watched replay of Chelsea/Barcelona....... Holy Crap!!!!
RT : Daniel Radcliffe steps out of Harry Potter's shadow in He talked to our critic about it....
Talking and with
Create a new account 🎀 Follow --> :)
Yeah well she's not gonna be nearly as old as me on Saturday. LOL. → She's going to be 13 on Friday - YIKES!
Think i'm gonna go take a damn NAP!
I drown myself in music wen the world dries of silence!
I totally agree wth your comment. Pathetic, disgusting, incompetent, clueless ass.
Show no love„ love will get u killed
Doesn't he have a woman for that?
TIPS try to help elder/disabled neighbors prepare, and the outside/homeless animals, tarps/sheds/porches make good shelter, food too! RT
I could really use a LORT of my own. Jeez o wow, I am so ready to program the hell out of my own LORT. :)
About to cause some well deserved chaos.
all day long, b
thanks for the Follow (:
Would like to get tickets to a taping of #TheVoice. Need to see if is really as tall as he looks on TV.
That's my point: they're marketing it in a way that keeps libraries on their customer's radar. Opportunity knocks.
My pastor word for the day... Nehemiah 6:3 - "stay on the wall, don't come down"
depends on what you're buying! haha I'm down for whatever
Looking forward to all the shows coming up, anyone want Einstein! to play at your house party? hit us up :D
Thanks to Mariam at 826DC for a great conversation about how and can collaborate to serve DC students!
It could be interesting to see Jones/ Silva at a catch weight b/c they're so unpredictable and explosive, but I doubt it too.
"We favor an income tax [so] wealth may bear its proportionate share of the burdens of the Fed Govmt" Dem Pres Platform, 1908
twitpic! What did you decide you were gonna do this weekend and on Monday?
I'm dying to hear the story! You know, my husband and I are wedding photographers
thank you hunn,btw you're super nice too :)
It was a circuit training routine. We have a personal trainer for our office. kicked my butt!
Following the light of the sun, we left the Old World.-Christopher Columbus
Hey twitter!!! Can i plz have more followers! I follow back! :)
thanks for following us we would to do an interview with you soon dm any kind of info to contact you
you are always good enough! especially for olivez 
nun much just chillin in school...
zoo free today, you guys know what that mean right?........All the black ppl will be there
Wow her dog luvs us..she placed yet another order! She luvs her dog!!
At my last trinity football home game of my college career! Kinda bittersweet but we're off to a great start!
RT : Justin beiber rolling with the Money Team!
with a healthy Oden, MAYBE.
You got it..
or C. Go to rant like Mel Gibson lessons. LOL
it's a happy hour! Come on down.
University of #Arkansas announces head football coach Bobby #Petrino has been “terminated immediately”
its goin good just finished the kitchen
Mind out the clouds and head in the game..
yeah but our bandwidth makes it a little iffy. I welcomed you all into my bedroom - I thought that was very open of me.
No baby yet...looks like his due dad will come and go....my wife thinks he has a sick sense of humor like his dad...the wait continues...
Awesome blossom, with extra awesome.
Was skeptical about crowd-sourcing until great session DC thanks for hosting it & everyone for participating
To the hot guy in the white range rover sport who winked and smiled at me, I love you
I keep forgetting to buy my globetrotter tickets! Who will go with me???
Illness likes to prey upon the lonely, prey upon the lonely
same shyt, grind and hardtimes boo
my pleasure! Thanks for the kind words :)
Drag Your Content from the Internet Abyss and Have it Soar Above the Surface Drag Your Content from the Internet Abyss and have it Soar A
I just caught my puppy staring at one of my posters... is it possible for dogs to be simpsonizers? haha:D
Congrats on becoming pres of Austin Film Critics Assoc!!!! Well deserved!!!!!!
Follow back?(:
Did you dm him babe x
Password swappers rejoice! It looks like Google's quietly added multi-admin support to Google+ brand pages...just in time for X-mas!
follow back please
Working on NetCDP. An easy Online backup solution to Amazon S3 or NAS appliances.
Thanks to everyone who attended #TheDaveDormanExperience here on Saturday - what an amazing group of people.
These alley oops are
Now following :))
what happened?
Awesome! I've seen both the magic/surgery. But completely forgot about it. Makes me want to integrate tech into my magic more!
I'm doing a photo shoot right now with the green globe painted on my belly, waving a Swedish flag.
RT : Zeen.... Soon sawt yuh out... · k..I can hear you're accent via tweets lol
word! keep em coming!
Facebook is showing it live right now :)
I wish i could go so bad but i have SCHOOL :/ hope you have an awesome time
Can't wait to thank my wife.. and GOD!!! for my Golden Globe... Ricky Gervais was funny, comparing the Golden Globes to the Oscars..lol
what did u think of it? :)
Good morning :)
Hello, Marco, thanks for following. What is your PokerStars club number? Invite code: ? Thanks.
Prince went yard!!!! SWEET!!!!
Never got tix to see my girl in #MKE. Stubhub, here I come!
The main motivation for doing this is to donate (in the donators name) to the various cancer fighting funds, such as !
ha, I do the same thing. A lot of "there theres" :)
bye Nashville and
why's that?
if it's not like a movie. then that's how it should be. <3 katy perry rocks :DD
just made your Easter Egg Bread. Even w/brown eggs (not dyed) and a very warped-looking braid, the whole fam loves it.
Keep in mind my sister is a scientist who *has* a relaxer. She's not convinced it's unhealthy. <insert confused face here>
You earn respect.
well then sir I hope for your sake you move miles forward and then jump from the car and let it hit some jerk at top speed
#SharkTank Lesson: Wow Vinnie Bikes killed it! Sell your product to your investor and the investment will come!
ITS GAMEDAY SunTrust River City Rumble style!!! Coach Warren and the Fins host the other team in Jax at Arena at 7pm!!
YES THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCT LINE IS STILL THE HOTTEST ALL NATURAL HAIR GROWTH LINE ON THE MARKET.....
When your guy friends talk about girls awkwardly...
Off to Globe to meet David Shields and sort more type!
I just got on my tumblr account for the 1st time in like a year when you made me make one. Your posts or whatever r crazy!
I love your observations.
I was legit scared for a second until I read the link
text me
“: Whoever planned the exit strategy for the Black Eyed Peas in is a moron and should be fired” - AGREED!
Avengers with
is having a FB contest. Winner gets $25 Visa & a FREE 2 oz of HCG (if you need to lose about 30lbs) www.facebook.com/SoCalHCG
Today's #joejaneswisdom: "This is a meatball search: you throw in a lot of stuff and hope for the best."
i love aubrey oday so much when you were in danity kane that i named my daughter aubri lol keep up the good work.
hey hey hey hey :D
watching Tracy Beaker hahah
I'm not sure how to tell you this...but I can talk to owls.
pitch corrected. computed emotion
careful what you wish for ;)
It's sad to be excited when you see gas for $4.08, huh?
Dad's retirement dinner!
Is sheltering in place at the starbucks on dupont circle.
dual monitor set up, headphones, and diet coke with a straw makes for a happy communications associate.
If you are the first of your friends to find out about us, please suggest or share our page with your friends.
Look forward to seeing friends - and making new ones at #cesummitFC today. Make sure to say hello!
I bicycled from Portland, Oregon down to San Francisco...It's a trip I'll always cherish...good for him.
No kidding! It seems weird to be starting this when it still feels like summer.
will do!
Are you crazy lol,what are you gonna do with Cena hit him with your skateboard,you have made him mad now too
If everybody smoked loud then the shit would be cheap ....
i cant believe im really goin to philly in 2 days....crazy last min. shit lol but exciting!
and ps if you aren't watching ice loves coco right now...imma need you to out it on asap. Please and thank you.
Thanks! I'm looking forward to building a couple of other apps soon.
Thanks for the link. Debate goes on. Actually the "Monster" metaphor interested me for a different reason, name, can it (cont)
Thanks so much, Linda! It's good to Thrive!
I was feelin coco lounge lastnight excellent drinks on the latino side but y they didnt have shit in the hip hop room lol?
Shake the Stress away
Just watched the Hunger Games! It was awesome!
If I buy fantabuloso tickets will Justin be there since Carly's performing
shots of patron and buds
thank you my friend, I should double check my grammar before posting, especially if I havent had my daily dose of AM caffeine ;)
well I have the same problems!
I'm a songwriter & my publisher sent a song I wrote called SPECIAL CHILDREN 2 ur company, I also sent it 2 Susie,have u heard it yet?
“: so excited for you!!!!” thank you!
Don't promise when you're happy, don't reply when you're angry & don't decide when you're sad.
Twice, back to back? God I'm amazing.
Look out casino, here I come!!
i dont even know who im talking to!
Today is Michael Stipes birthday from the band R.E.M. Share a QWiP on your favorite R.E.M song with your friends & family!
RT : It's incredible how a simple "hello" can change someone's world.
Those martinis look delicious! Love the pic-- thanks for sharing!
Can't believe there is about a month & a little bit left of this school year.
Yes.. it's actually a passage from Norwegian Wood.
And that WEATHER!
Seemed risky to me too - lots of 'awkward' potential. I was impressed that someone was able to make it work in their sessions.
me c:
wish you were here.....
Ill be back in the salon strong tomorrow! Come get beautiful ladies.
actually I probably should be worried now that i am following you, and . Yikes.
Honestly, why do some people make everything SO difficult--This is not a rhetorical questions.
Body still in pain. I know I can't fake the feelings but don't try n play doctor Phil and try fix the problem. I am trying to forget it.
David is dumb :T
Do you offer your tenants Convergent Billing and Utility Consulting ? www.ocius.net
Portland is my friend. :-)
By the way, we totally cleaned up at your book sale.
not so eery, really :) Just reachin out to the #LAThtr fam, lookin for the best deals for a lil shot we still gotta grab.
Awesome! ! RT : Wow! Seattle students were out in force at today's #gapyear fair! Great afternoon!
Hey Sheri! Yeah I'm here till Monday.
Think can pull out a W over their archrival Purdue tonight 6pm? We sure hope so.
Oh god, Vonnegut's glass of water is now some lady's hat?
I always thought they should let him run the wildcat a couple times a game. Give Ben some rest. Not in Toad Haley's bag, I guess.
Definitely hydro, would need to check wind, probably solar. But solar had space program to nurse it through.
Unstable creatures ain't shit and they aint say nothin....100 mothaluvaz can't tell me nothing, I beez in tha trap (Edited for the kids).
We tried creating your SlideRocket account for HATCH but the email got sent back to us!
woah I dunno about that! Is pretty great! maybe we're equal?? ;)
compromising? hmm, do tell...
walked by my window
Congrats on your marathon. What an accomplishment, especially in hilly So. Cal.
That tweet was painful.
The dog jumped up on my cousin and her 2 year old niece said "oh dat dog tryna suck yo titty." I died laughing
Settle down queen | no one better, you forever that's for now queen | when the times right, get your mind right
Looking forward to Mike and Molly tonight - it is the wedding!
"Big journals are not the best fit for everything." "Editors can be your friend, but do call constantly."
I ain't one to complain but in 2012 I'm putting my foot down this he expect me to do I ain't gone do it unless u doing it to me
ah me to ! i cant wait anymore!!
I need some water
I'm mexican and I got the belt, not a race thing, bad parenting crosses all races.
Tryna find sum way to get vip tickets to the #1 girl tour
is your happy hour still going on?
ok goodnight gotta do the mom run tomorrow with the Byrne Mom and girls! Hope I don't get my ass kicked by old women
Do deaf people get paranoid when they fart in public?
Birthday in the Little household - DQ Cake w/flames, Go carts, mini-golf, and fun with friends
Red Sox fans behind home plate watching themselves on smartphones instead of the game should be removed. :(
Thinking about a #kodak memory project to capture #ROC & national sentiments
Google Ads Now Handle App Download Links - InformationWeek
Think it into existence
I feel like dog shit but I survived! Yay me!!
Starting vocal rest but I actually just think I'm getting sick :/
wow you got a great camaera great pic's i think you win the prize!
Ok knee - none of this. We have a 5k to run. Shape up!
you can hang on for another 7-8 mins ;)
It's personal, myself and I.. We've got some straightening out to do..
RT Looking for a client side writer in KC, 4-6 years of exp. Will work with all mediums. Great culture, great benefits.
Why is it that every time I go into the bathroom at Hodges Library someone is always taking a mean shit? WHY!? I want to urinate and breathe
besides the subject matter there is a husband named Gary & dog named Brutus! Lol
no telling, lol. But that had to be years ago.
I'm not -.- I'm just saying that you are mean. 😘
will be there with Mrs. PaddyMcAtl she can bring some Cuban food
Follow Matt Hunter before 12AM and win a skanz band!!! He is incredibly talented!
Really tempted to slap this bitch she is giving me a headache. What the actual fuck.
Since moving to Seattle we've put on a few lbs even though we bike/ walk everywhere. I blame all the good beer here.
you realize Gus Johnson is doing MLS radio? His call last week with game winner in extra time gave me shivers.
Anyone want to go to the drive in tonight?
Yea its late but im just now getting dressed!
Excited to see you! Let us know what you have. RT : excited for dinner tonight at !!
darril or something in that nature
Never been to San Ramon. I like Costa Rica though and have been there a bunch of times
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAILEY!!!
That looks like the dearly departed Antojitos...
That's AWESOME!!
HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY TO THE BEAUTIFUL 😘😄🎁🎉🎈
Oh wow. I'm a nerd.
reading the george wright/black panthers story right now :) thanks for rt
"says if wasn't for me, it would just be aweso"
save me a pitcher of gin and juice.
RT : An Opinion...Is Not A Persuasion. Too Often,Christians..Have An Opinion. That's all.
freestyle www.youtube.com/spyda254
LOL! Good glad I didnt miss it :)
Biggest vices: alcohol, women, and netflix.
Are you dressed daily in the clothes of humility?
Love it when he texts me first with silly comments! :3
Find us tonight in at swirl wine bar
Proud to be named a board member of the ! As former staff, I know first hand the impact of this great org.
Wait, HBO's Veep is created by the director/ writer of In The Loop (on Netflix), one of the best movies of the past couple years? I'm in.
At #toast2downtown because this is the neighborhood, and I love it
SHUT UP!! wasn't it hilarious and terrifying?!! aghh what the hell is it??!!
I miss 's #FF mentions. I really do.
Just said "sorry" for making the female bank clerk run my company's stack of checks again, b/c the comp. didn't get them all
Captain Gross.
Superbowl XLVI prediction: New England Patriots v. New York Giants
sure thing let me know
I love the internet and would be totally lost without my constant connection but it can be a source of such anonymous cruelty.
where are these inflatables you speak of?
This one is for the grown men. If you're going to be bold enough to go up to a woman and ask her out, please don't do it in Aqua Socks.
So the High-Octane offense is leaving #Pitt for Arizona State. Which may be good, I could barely handle all the excitement.
RT "To make a great #film you need three things - the script, the script and the script.".
Wow! - Post Japanese Tsunami - Super-honest searchers turned in wallets containing $48m and safes containing $30m. [ABC News, 8-17-2011]
because said devices correct your spelling to completely illogical new worlds.
I'm telling you, prayer really does do the trick. It's just what I needed!
can I come with?! I just saw the email! Haha
Guys with big lips 
Back at the hotel now. The SDCC OSM exclusives are totally sold out. www.theouterspacemen.com will have them for sale on Sunday night!
idk yet just started the tape 10min ago
You met him ONCE. He "flirted" with you. It's called being nice to a fan. That's really all .
Love that song!!! I'm not giving you an hour or a second or another minute longer - awesome lyrics by Hillary Scottplease retweet
Today is #FollowFriday. Tell your friends about
We would love to help! Email us
It's funny when dumb users turn it around on the person helping them as the one being dumb... No my friend, it's you.
Tiny Dinosaur Sported Shimmery Feathers
I'm on it, sorry. Trying to answer people from lots of different places. Never a dull moment here!
boy meets world is trending... twitter is now
Colorado Solo Music Artist Awards May 16, 2637 Welton St. PERFORMANCE BY TICKETS $6
Gonna be in NYC early part of next week. Are you around ?
You guys are seriously so perfect together <3 aww so beautiful and perfect :')
I hear people all the time say they hate exercise. It's not that hard. Find something you enjoy doing and DO IT! Don't just sit there
I can't forget to mention and thank the one and only for always being my true inspiration.
hi Ariana! Good night! Love u! Xo
:OSBC panel: Michael Skok -North Bridge Hat, :most likely to disrupt: CMS
Participated in the online discussion on managing #foodallergy in schools. Great forum and advice!
Exit Facebook, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check Facebook ..
Time to hit you all with the Pre Mayweather - Cotto fight TECH update!!!
no I don't know any places I'm pretty sure they sold out
I see you. Give me a call when you have a few. I've got some updates for you.
i posted a pic:)
I watched that movie when I was 15 and it warped me Then Cruel Intentions came out and I was pissed no one had seen DL first
District Champ for the 1 mile!! :D
saying "and yeah.." when you don't know how to finish the sentence...
Yeah it is, don't lie.
Getting razor like Cristina Yang focus right now..... whilst watching her on GA.
hit me wit darian unfollow then
Yeah man your work looks great. I definitely understand you charging. Let me think it over for a while and get back to you!
Keep 'em comin...and please say hey to guitar tech extraordinaire Kevin O'Rourke! We miss him.
is mellow out like a mofo!!!!!!
TeIam ... now tell me there is no "I" in the word lol
New single "subway" drops today :00 Twitter Facebook YouTube Hot new hip hop Sound cloud
can a buddy get a follow? <3 Brock
bike's not for sale, but I've got a MacBook Pro I can do for an even 15
We cannot accept recycling in plastic bags. Our vendor will not take them. Please recycle with your grocer. Thanks and thanks for recycling!
de nada. If you go, say hi. I think I'll be there.
O, look at all that red and gold. Fancy!
Just found Tweet.Grader.com as part of a story I'm working on about Lexington tweeters. I'm ranked 1,393,074 out of 10M+ Tweeters. Ha!
If I cared about who won this game, id be freaking out.
Elliot took a quick nap, and the whizzing puck by his ear, woke him up!
I see you're into generalizations and facile conclusions. gotcha. 1/2
not away k mean WAY
Tonight Sunday Funday Chucks! A*dubb and killing it all night tonight starting at 10. No cover and Shots Shots shots CROWN!
Great advice. Always go in that order plus shoulders before tri's and bi's
I'm in, confirm with Aaron....
Amen that you can appreciate being raised that way, with values and respect for yourself. And Kudos to who raised you 2!
Hi, No I don't
will the new cafe fit all of the people who are getting tickets to the opening party? Seems like you'll need a bigger venue!
Soul Surfer is such an insipring movie too me. :)
absolutely! This extra-judicial war on wikileaks is a worrisome development.
Hey, meetcha on the beach in one month! Congrats on all of the art show action too!
That's a Friday? That may be our grand opening of new Friday RT Gotta tour bus fulla people on May 18th
Ah. We've finally solved that one by coming straight into the lot from the N... No turning in. Made a big diff!
Sending the best of luck to our RAW Dream Team member Nick Delpopolo at Panamerican Championships!!
Salem MA. rocks! Just sayin'
I hate it when I forget to shave my armpits....17 days in a row.
So lucky. My son loved the Buccos game. What a trooper.
All crazy errors I get in #FinalCutPro ONLY happen when I'm at the end of a project, on a strict deadline, and have had no sleep.
Heat is putting in work <3
And with that, I've just gotten every single achievement for the entire Mass Effect trilogy.
doing maaaah hair 💆
A tilt of the kilt to the Festival City of Edinburgh. They have recently wrapped their second annual week-long International Magic Festival
Hanging with authentic good friends is like food for the soul!
Looking forward to the coaches clinic 2mrw in the Dells! Should be a fun day of hoops!
the kids are ok still the same ol you know
I hear you have this thing called espnplayer? I guess u can get NHL center ice on it??
Good Afternoon
I need a blunt right now. 😒
haha we swear there is one! RT : Can I beta test your iPad app that you can't convince me doesn't exist? ;)
what u got plan 4 today
loving this rainy day. especially since I don't have to drive anywhere.
Watching this Nationals/Dodgers game is giving me flashbacks of Ned Yost.
Soon as I go to sleep watch how many missed calls I wake back up to
the protest is at 1pm!
I thought so. Are you sure there isn't some Red Bull in there?
": If you do not yet know your calling, it is because #God is still preparing you for it. Enjoy the ministry He gives you daily"
oh man, that sounds nuts.
#BecauseofObama right wing loons pretend our national debt began on 1/20/09 & take ZERO responsibility for their role in it!
Nothing new to twit about.
Elvis has reopened. Baltimore's biggest burrito is back!
thanks girl! You too!
is good tonight #HappyBDay!
the lyric in question is referring to the diameter of a bullet not a gun, your change doesnt make any sense.
I want a flashing toothbrush,luckky....
do you know of any place that fixes cracked screens on iPads?
I flirt with old ladies just for the fun of it!
following you :)
Woke up so early 2day it was still yesterday.
All the Xmas gifts we bought this yr are from a NonProfit or for an experience. Decision just affirmed by seeing the chaos that is Filene's.
RSVP: Destiny Pictures
Nigga just stopped a nigga and asked for some reggie...i damn near choked to death laughin at dude!
what's next?
27M or 24% of revenue in Q1 2012 was due to international subscribers
I mean but it's me though.. And I don't feel the need to change for anyone... despite if they like my shit or not..
I owe u money ?
The Bloggers Lounge is on the 3rd floor. You won't be able to miss it. Welcome to bring your laptop to do some work.
I am, thanks dude:))
LIES! It was nothing short of the sexiest thing i've ever seen.
thanks!! :)! Ugh I can't even imagine taking your exams lol I would probably just die :( and yes! Wanna go out next week?
Tonight, our singers help pay tribute to this year's honorees at the Honors. The show will air on 12/27 at 9 p.m.
Daughter chose dentist from Yelp MT et all. Personal referral is how most people select a doc. How can #hcsm support that?
#DASER Nathaniel Comfort will talk about Reflections on Elegance in Science and Nature.
i wish i got good grades
Congratulations to our final Target Gift Card winner for Friday, JimV!
Please join us! Create a FREE profile, connect with others www.knowledgesafari.com
New song ft cap1 &quot;racks n bands&quot; tune in
Our GRANDman has came so far! Our family is almost at 100k. Were proud and love you Cenzo :)
I bees in the trap
Ate a bowl of strawberries and now my right ear keeps twitching. WTF is all that about...
driving. Blah!
just leave it as that
Punch hole in wall
Hello Liz: Thanks for the follow.
Hi Ricky, interested in discussing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist u better understand ur clients campaigns. Follow 2 DM?
yes!! Totally legal and everything. What do you think ? Can we get a doggy?
Loving and protecting my kids is all I really wanna do
It's a GREAT day in Charlotte with
Morning Tweeters... Hope everyone had a safe n relaxing weekend!! :)
Finding out I ain't gotta pay for my classes >
Ron Paul plans a "revolution" at the convention..ever since Washington left him behind at Valley Forge, that man has just wanted his day..
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
snicker snicker... up to $50... stop while you are ahead !
Thanks to all who came out for the San Diego premier of #WeightoftheNation! We're all in agreement:
We have a new communal computer station w/internet access -- a worn but not forgotten Mac, no less -- look at us now ;)
LOL'd at session one. Very odd way to start the day. Can't say I'm surprised with what I've seen if other cons.
Real fat flexible hoes look crazy with their legs pinned behind their heads. Taffy apple looking bitch!
Today I don't feel like doin anything I just wanna lay in my bed don't feel like pickin up my fone so leave a message at the tone
The fine a** people you find on Facebook with the relationship status single. :O
The more we understand God’s love for us the more love we’ll show it to others.
Keep it up Memphis!
RT : Loyalty is either dead or dying.." ~ its #dead ~ peeps don't even know the meaning of loyalty anymore!!!!
Golf claps to for high-fiving the youngsters on his way to 17 green. Know it was a tough day for him, but made their days!
but it's not like she eats fish....
I 2nd that.
Agreed. Ridiculous. And I'm #BBN. RT : A joke not elected to HOF - BELONGS - resume is Hall worthy.
If you gota die you might as well die hard .
Do the thing you fear the most. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Its hard seeing someone you once loved, love someone else
I need to finally go one of these days.
Closing the gap on one heck of a long couple of weeks.
My cholesterol is a little high. Hahaha I love Bruce Willis
same as last two years against Chicago and Vancouver
I mean, in *my* world they are...
Good luck to the team doing the Indoor Triathlon at Fitness Formula Lincoln Park today! Go T2!
TONIGHT: Winter Ball 2011 at Swan Dive with the VBB. Drinks, food, pictures with Santa. Jazz standards and holiday music. 9p-2a.
Just booked a reservation for our wedding anniversary dinner at our favorite restaurant Serafina in #Seattle! :)
should have went to kk
Got a little bit way too squirrelly last night
Salba is Chia Seed! If u r buying this,u r probably paying too much. Check for Chia Seed price @ grocery or health food store. #Foodie 32112
I'm almost tempted to stop recommending doubling soft 19 vs 6. It never seems to end well. LOL.
Happy Monday!!
Librarian humor:
No you are not. He is brilliant.
in the lab wit puttin the mix on
Is that actually you? With the black tank top?
I thought so too!
Tim Sands, 39% of research awards at Purdue involved HPC in 2010
Cake taste better than Muffins
Cool, that is what I am thinking to Vinum then PCG
is laying down with ice on his parts, working toward responsible infertility and receiving the best of care.
Going to BNI...
OMG were going to have a new family member yay my aunts pregnant 
congrats pumpkin!!!! You're gonna be a fantastic aunt
Tried a burger at "The Purple Cow" just now. Not a big fan...
if someone would text back then i would.
#Badgers No!
Can you do me a favor and please give a shoutout to
-Ty for the emails doll! Looking forward to pulling!! xox
knocks round.
what goes through a guys mind when their screwing you over.....://
MY NAME IS LEYLA! ;D Hehee(;
My Klout score is higher than both of yours. I have no idea why.
thanks for the interest. Were you at #zinfest too? I'd say I was sorry I missed you, but I couldn't even find my coworkers!
Shits about to get real ugly at my house, I need to get the hell outta here!
My Brother Better Sit The Fuck Down Before I Go Ham On His Ass...
Awesome to meet you last night at the rackspace party. It was awesome!
Albert or miggy?
Thanks for following ! We just had Red Velvet Sunday last week at Will be visiting MIA location soon!
GO ! #99Problems is #6 on iTunes singles right now!! Moving on UP!
Also, I will be glad to give a recommendation so look for it this Sunday. The too many P's was too funny. I didn't even realize it.
Watching Captain America did not make me tear up. Nope. Didn't happen. Did. Not. Happen. That's my story, and I'm sticking to it.
black opaque 30min. Tops
57% of shoppers more likely to purchase on a site that shows their friends who have purchased on that site. (Sociable Labs study)
Happy birthday to the best boyfriend in the world. You mean the world to me❤ I love you baby
music nerds unite!
I need you to follow our site so I can communicate with you. Thanks!
Wow #21jumpstreet was some funny shit!! #goingtobed with pain from laughin too much!!:)
Crime rates continue to fall in many countries, including the United States.
Tonight is the Oklahoma Humanities Awards! It's going to be a great evening celebrating so many worthy individuals & institutions in OK.
same thing happened to us. We went across the street, paid the guy working there $40, filled up his pickup and he drove it in
Ok ill send you one of my short comedy videos
Wrist brace, yoga mat, groceries, now off to pick up repaired laptop. When the fuck did I become such a cliche?
What television channel can you watch tonights's NYRB/RSL game on Time Warner Cable in Manhattan?
thank you for the retweets back in LA soon can't wait to hang!
I kind of want to do a flash mob in four parts outside the school( bus circle, tennis court, football feild, parking lot) HAHA im crazy
SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS, FINALLY REACHED 1000 FOLLOWERS! LETS GET THIS SHIT POPPIN.
Thanks for the follow checkout
Looks like the money management pros are fully invested mow for the month and the quarter. The bear lives
Graduation Day. Henceforth, you may refer to me as Master Trout.
if u don't let that 57 cents go!!! LOL
Hm, this just proves she isn't wired up right!!!
let me kiss you on your Stomach then work my way down south
lol don't start with me
Your jersey and poster are framed in my room. U r the perfect NFL player, no problems and come to kick butt everyday. God bless
Thanks! We need 2 come see u for a massage! RT : #FF the perfect place to grab a post spa treat on a day like today
How can they remake Arthur?
Rand Paul is a piece of shit!
Who likes my tweets??? D:
you make me laugh so uncontrolably all the time.! I love you, BooBear!♥
Hair cuts...always hit or miss. Fingers crossed, here goes nothing
Only 4 hours to and at the KiMo!
pineapple is in like the top 3 for pizza toppings, are your people crazy? lol
Getting ready to open the studio for today's art sale - some great deals here on original paintings!
"my house has a veranda, does yours?" oh the things my little cousin says to other kids on the playground.
Easy way to get a girlfriend. Hire your friend to steal a girl's purse. Pretend to beat your friend and bring purse back to girl
Pool time was awesome! Then some friends of ours sent me a present. Tears.....love our bandit family
My son with aspergers wants a girlfriend. How do I go about this? ....
Tip: if you talk to me when you're drunk and I'm sober, I'll probably hate you
Tears are words the heart cant express
": #IfIHitTheLoto i'm buying a baseball franchise, the #brewers. no way attanasio sells them.. :)
I wish Carrie Bradshaw was a real person. #SATC 
God help us for we are weak in that some of us can't tell what's right and wrong, fiction from reality.
Please consider donating to the MACC Fund through my run in the #BrewersMini. Such a great cause. Let's help the children...
The #Ravens are going to be a very different team in 2012
Damn. Im old ._.
it's like a gayer version of Cheers. Worth it.
haha it was not a good morning but then I went to yoga and I'm all good haha
if u have a smartphone u can download the kindle app and access all your books from there. ;)
I was not aware I am friends with such a powerful individual.
#LIES! RT : I'm here talking with the organizers - everyone's packing up and going home. Event cancelled. :(
Confession #3: I like this boyy.. He's niccceee. He's weeeeirrrddd. GRAND.. and he has BLUE EYES.<3 dkfjajaejojimcdflse
: who's your favorite among the remaining contestant? :)
Thanks for checking da music, was a helluva fun night!!
Idaho: Kenny McGowen buried a 3-pointer at the buzzer to give Idaho State a 64-62 win at Holt Arena on Saturday, burying Weber State's...
did Selena && justin break up? Thats what this girl is tellin me. & idkk. Whoever tells me gets a shoutout
Thank you for checking in, Josh! How was your night with us?
The Year Of Fear Begins Tomorrow Night At 7pm
help making it all happen :)
I love every bone in your body
i love that show he is cute
so so so
man screw Kobe and every foreign nigga on that team he ever been butt buddies with...
Hey T! Actually, it is the opposite, it always perks me up! I am doing ok, got a call, he does not GET IT! But he will. M
it's fun right? Well done, and something special for Downtown- I'm glad you agree! xoxo
why is swedish shit "better"? tv selling the "Swedish diet". What it do: 2 drinks a day. Yeah because swedish people don't eat ya kno?! LOL
how u doin
Ut oh!... Now I know nothin is going to get done! LOL At least you have fun with Karen!
Thanks for showing me one of the best stores in the world tonight! 😊
I spiked your coffee
Im the Pussy monster so throw the pussy at me
Oh, Bobby V. played the Bill Buckner card after A-Rod let a dribler through the 5-hole
Join us tomorrow evening for a campaign phone bank!5:00pm to 8:00pm at 2912 N. MacArthur Blvd. Email for details.
Who are you supporting in today's FA Cup Final?
That is SERIOUS CUTENESS.
I think you are sexier than socks on a rooster
I'm liking my 81+ chances
negativeI hit the gym bro,im nt lzy&i don need to gain muscle lmao im losin10lbs bt i kno how to do that already Thnks tho
Lawl. I'm bored.
Oh my god its perfect! Ordered, overnight shipping
: Cry Sweet tears of Joy! Oh! and Slipp him my number lol
get that nappy shit cut
you wouldn't happen to know if the outline was due at the end of class tomorrow, would you?
SO THE 76ERS ARE REALLY STUPID.
& Thanks for the advice! I'll take a look in those directions.
AUTHOR'S NOTE: This account does not "astrotweet". All stevekingisms are real, sadly.
baking chocolate cookies, while being pardoned by the Twitter Big Brother, and be "unlocked" , regards to All there,
Very busy week ! As we prepare for the Holidays & welcome a NewYear, let's remember the greatest gift is giving from the heart.
oh holy heck - I only just discovered Google Art Project - as I was trying to go to bed tonight - more google art project tomorrow kthnxbye
Following us on twitter? Be sure to like us on
well, I AM a slacker! ;) I'll start uploading again very very soon!! Promise!
off to wrk
- Alan, how is everything going?? Congrats on getting the Lone Star Challenge certified. Looking forward to a great tourney
Done working out time to go home shower, eat nd sleep cause I'm still sick nd feel like shit
Thanks Aidy. Don't know much about Klout. Have to check it out when I have more time....OMG another app to figure out!!
RT : now seriously craving a DD coffee
Did you make a new friend today?
Time to make that paper :)
I voted for you babe. I love you <3
My condolences to your hair. :-) How did it die?
I hope this is for the best of us.
Just caught a huge flurry of major
Thanks for keeping our stars and stripes souring high! Veterans day content posted now in 'Sweepers'
very dissapointed in my room
Enuf w/ the neck scarves when it's not cold. A year a go it made u look cool like a bohemian French artist, and now it just means u watch tv
Movies to go see Think Like a Man :)
The triple Cs epidemic ohh and that Friday that mad ppl went to jail or got in trouble for drugs... shit was real
Just call me Kenneth Toilethole.
NO! JUST CHOCOLATE!
“ RT : Jesus became what we were so that we could become what He is. (2nd Corinthians 5:21)”
is headed to for drinks after work to check out Chicago's newest hotel!
haha cant wait to hear them! :)
where the heck r u??
1st contestant is Andre McCoy of Wheatley SPI who developed a small hand-sized wipe that detects explosive material
TY for the mention!
not yet, ill check em out for sure, thank you so much!
Waitin on session 2 to start, guess ill work on a beat...
Currently composed for the video game RAGE for id software.
Wake up in class, read my TL. Go back to sleep.
follow back
Yes Im a Belieber & im crying Because is amazing and i luff him to death. Shut up Im a girl so i can cry about these things.
I went negative 1,000$ by going to vegas... its all good though.
Crazy, isn't it?
Great I think my computer froze -.-
You have really good tweets! Would you happen to be a good writer?
wnet from havin jus too much fun one day.. to no fun at al;l
I Looovveee You ;*
": Surround yourself with people who will uplift you."
Yup, he's still whoring on twitter...nothing's changed 😍
Lord, Please humble me today. Teach me not to judge, because judgment in my heart, limits your work.
I Left Mines At The Store
date number 2 tonight. my god, im being spoiled in a way.
lmao! I was kinda nervous at 1st when they was down 8 in the 4th. I was gonna go home and kiss my hyperfuses good bye lmao
great promo but how did you make those pumpkins?
At least it's not a foot of snow a week before the election:)
1) we have approximately $700 million major renovation MRR and repair backlog. Current bond to pay approximately $500 million.
You aint never lied. Good point!
RT In response to your questions on Veloster availability, they'll begin arriving in Hyundai dealerships in the first half of Sept.
Fuckk this the gerbil is sleeping
We will have some big announcements coming soon!!
How about local music scene or summer festivals? We'd put #Lolla and street fests against any city.
give me a buzz 915-727-4445 hope you're able to help re: previous tweet. All the best!
Alright. So, I'm supposed to hear back from the Colorado Improv Festival today as to wether or not I got in. The waiting is killing me!
sitting here thinking that i got it made most people dont have the stuff i have so im grateful thank you jesus
and I would love to chat about your SEO needs. We do training or contract work, both architecture and backlinks. LMK
Baby Hang Ova
Thanks so much for the continued shout outs, we truly appreciate it!! Have a great weekend.
can someone please press the mute button on jeff van gundy...
Who wants to go to lunch with me? Dipping out soon get at me
Anybody know the SPAC presale? I will buy you beers at the show! I procrastinated again #PHISH Summer Tour! Thank you!!
It's an honor!
no I'm gaining so much weight kms
I'd like to be, everything you want <3
Verily. ": I'd like to point out that long before "Mad Men", there was almost every single character in the Old Testament."
happy easter (; how are you ??(;
Taking our little Brother to see Santa Today at the Mall starting at 6. Lots of FUN! Anyone else going???
Anyone else notice Bart' Simpson's Hair is his skin.
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
Ron Paul scares me.
Thanks as always to our pal for talking some #NBA playoffs with We're taking calls the rest of the way. Let's go!
Jessy from Breaking Bad is hanging out at the bar. Maybe the rapture did go down.
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
Pretty Boy Floyd is looking a bit bloody
May 8,1932: Churchill made his first radio broadcast to the US appealing for joint Anglo-American monetary policy.
Info on seafood festival or getting involved with soft-shell crab distribution and/or consumption?
Idk where the hell i was then. Ha
Got my review copy of Bart Giamatti's "Take Time for Paradise," thanks to
Hope that is doing well and that his comedy show will still be on in NJ in January!
Holy sh!t! Ben Vereen is seeing you should, too! 8pm tonight and tomorrow, open fist theatre in hollywood!
She want's to see on jun 1st, I might.....keep her happy..
Closed SHORT $USDCHF for +18 pips profit; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 80% SHORT
Funny, we say that about Maryland drivers.
haa! Dang, I didn't think you'd catch me for those last two! Naw, that's funny though.
Occupy protesters have latched on to the "99%" moniker because it is a statistical number that appears very infrequently
So sleep deprived. Goodnight.
how cou;d it be real if its not biblical
Lil bitch ass bitch :)
Not yet? Okay fine
Tired of waiting. Either you coming or not. I don't wait for nobody but myself.
Connection directly to the owner of this Kondo into the lease Panama City is the whip of region the state of Florida lease by ow :-)
Fried chicken, seriously let's do this.
how is CKHS doing in their sports??? :)
I did meant tomorrow night. Just one of those weeks...
It's a beautiful sunny cool day in mid tenn
We finished packing up our trucks this morning and their on their way to Orlando for the IAAPA show. It's almost here!
GASP! A lady on the internets? SURELY NOT
Why is dubstep so awesome
I think this is punishment for your gloating about nice weather a few weeks back.
Favorite album in the past 2 years....POST BELOW.
The first duty of love - is to listen ~Paul Tillich~
My body hurts as if somebody beat me up with a pole and ran me over with their car.
Omg im so down! Itll be our goal for the summer
And it was that introduced me to wiggio.
LOVE LOVE:D
You know, just hiding behind a pillow while and watch Woman in Black.
idk but it starts at 6 30 and we step last
we're probably gonna see each other!
Please ensure you and your family stay safe and prepare for Hurricane Irene. www.MarylandTopLawyers.com
Preparing to pray the Rosary for peace.
hey you said it not me aha
Does annoying album names "Just doing me" " Simple me"
Brennan's in Marina Del Rey tonight!
I think its cute when a guy walks me to class, but when he wants to do it all the time.. FUCK it gets annoying
CO representing at #flatirons DBM: RT : Both Colorado US Senators will speak at #flatirons. Very impressive.
San Diego, CA, 92123
good luck!
Thank you for your support!
Our of all my tweets, for some reason, u had to pick that one to favorite
im ballin out on every level.
Ya i knooowww(: Aint it adorable(: Im so creative(:
Just returned from a productive trip to DC to visit HQ.
Thanks yes, they did.
in her lane?
He just saying, "I Can Do Better"
Merry Presidents' Day!
I want new friends:(
Vangaurd High School has 25 valedictorians! That sounds like a really long graduation. Kudos to all of them though!
kudos! Dedicated #glutenfree buns & options & dedicated French Fryer - Wilmington, DE Thanks!
Whenever you like baby doll, after 5:20pm.
lol, I like that one. We have to link up soon. Miss yall!
will do bud
This guy think he's funny right now…im so not amused…lol
I wore a scarf to bed and I been wearing it all day.. My parents probably think I have a hickie 😳
“: good luck to aka "miss always on time" in the #wpt today” <-- best nickname ever!
Haha thank you, thank you. I try to be twitter fresh. doesn't deserve a picture...
If you want me to follow you just ask!
Shooting three spots in the next three weeks!
Calm down.;) Sorry, I had to.
: it be like that sometimes eh? How long until packers pick?
I am at the hospital for my physical examination and drug test && i just remembered I Forgot to put on lotion . Ctfu
Article: "Patterns for collaborative work in health care teams" (Grando, Peleg, & Glasspool, 2011)
Played Trine last night. Steam had this great deal about a week ago so I played it. My son and enjoyed it.
saw a great game, eh?
#ifyouonlyknew how much I hate when People Follow me, then UNfollow. You're wasting ur time cuz i'll UNFOLLOW you back!
is giving away free copies of his CD
You crusty nigga
Truth: is one super awesome dude. Thanks for being my host in Austin this week for railsconf and bohconf!
Thanks for the shout-out!
thank you. love the yomastercard.com will try the affiliate program. love it for college and well these economic times
cant aait until ur first ever performance of #skyscraper :)
You can't change your circumstances or anyone elses, but you can change your attitude and influence the perspective of others.
Funny, how the talent at Carson Dunn Media is off the chain!!! Mt staff keeps getting better.
If u RECIEVE a text at 12:00 noon, saying you have won a prise then text back there will be 3 winners good luck. (PRIZE WILL BE IN TEXT MSG)
this week went by fast
I was hoping Jericho or orton would win the rumble but, I don't mind Sheamus winning it :-)
Kim hiked Manitou Incline for the first time. NO soreness @ all the next few days. "Thanks Quick Gym" she said www.quickgymcs.com
Milwaukee weather peaks and everyone walking on the street is your new best friend.
Had fun today at The Tonight Show w/ Jay Leno.....
Hey, , stop that fallsing to sly remaks!
#helc12 Attending Useful Apps for Classroom & On the Go. Hope to find some to share with faculty!
thank you for updating your desktop driver compatible to Lion operating system.
#ComeGetYourSpuds !! and. Enter to win $100 gift card and other prizes... Sun, fun .., and spuds !!!
That touchdown just got me in the mood lol
dead Elvis
hey don't I know you ;)
#PackerNation will miss you too Nick!!!
Bring a friend to Other Lives at Amoeba Hollywood at 7pm. 1st to find me after the show gets a Radiohead In Rainbows discbox.
Congratulations on the announcement of your child to you and your wife.
yes yes u do
I like cheese! ( voice )
content curation is key
I can't do apps unless they are facebook. Sadly only my son has a smart phone,and iPad. I have dial up internet & tracfone.
Just you wait. Management has plans for other locations, some of them 24 hours.
Oh man, should I make pie, too??????
Been a while right? “: Shouldn't you be telling people where you are or being mayor of someplace? :)”
RT “: RT this if you want me to follow you :)”
Good luck Mangia Fans there will be a Lucky winner today!!! Can you say Pasta!!
Also loved ur Paris photos on BB Photog. Was there May & can't wait 2 go bck. U will b n primtime or movies soon
Thank you RT : Cheers to the people who rep Maryland wherever they go in life!
I take it you had a good burns night.
On our way back to New York! We had a great time in Pittsburgh...the guy checking bus tickets was a tw!t though. -jt
Thanks for the RT, Have you made it to any events?
Big meech your candy empire is going to crumble while your suspended
And on the 7th day God created Tom Brady. #Patriots + #TebowTime =
That pooch doesn't know what he's missing! Well, neither do I technically.. But still! :)
Merry New Year!
Awesome news to hear !
Thanks so much for retweet :)
w/ Hightower back due you anticipate a rotation change? Helu blossomed, think Hightower would serve better as a 3rd down rb?
its mothers day..you gotta cook for her.lol
I 7hink I know who you've been 7alking to.
I couldn't find you on Facebook. Does chemjobber man *gasp* NOT have one?! OH SHIT!
Thanks! Possibly ha, send me some stuff
I swear im just too cool... that's why im in #TeamCORAHN , #WeirdoGang ,and
Don't forget about Austin :)
... i'm not sure what you're asking about... a nap after coffee = talent. garage on my car x2 = a lack thereof. :)
MT : Good examples of films made FOR Latino/ Hispanic Amer youth? Putting together syllabus Teenpics & Am. Youth Culture...
Student panel at the event today said instructor feedback is the most important factor in their online courses.
Uhm . Like In 1:43 Around There When They Stop .
**Emporio says, "Getting ready to hit Scottsdale for the night.. Gonna be doin the old town tour so if your out n wanna meet up hit me up!"
Indy Reads Reading Coach Training this Wednesday and Thursday at the Indy Reads office from 6-9 p.m. Call 275-4040 to sign up!
RT if you think that #Brewers #OpeningDay should be a paid holiday! Come in for our Braun special: $8 for 2 Hot Dogs, chips & a Miller Lite!
well keep cranking! And feel free to update your progress Amy time! Support always helps!!!
We are going to see ya'll next week. A bit too chilly, windy, etc. for our liking.
You?...love it. Beautiful...serene...fantastic composition.
On the phone w 8 year old niece when Grandy hit that. She was telling me about her report on Lou Gehrig & got very excited.
#BoiseSOC Bieter: A livable city is one that innovates.
we're gonna be crawling home lmfaoo I see it now !!
As if .....“: Could have draft order implications if STL wins...RT : Steelers will start Batch against Rams
pray 4 u in unity...and let the. Lord cont. To bless u and ur family...and stay strong...
Yes! So excited! RT : can't wait to have you visit this Thursday!
hahaha!!! hmm to the rest of the world this is nonsense, but to us, we get it #vitametavegimen ;)
your acount is private, and I can't RT you): but good morning (:
I Wanna Get A Half Sleeve With Some Kinda Metal Mulisha In There... Any Ideas??
Is that a sock? Full of buttah?
Summer is over :/ I'm going to school(JAIL)tomorrow :P
I noticed you =P
Six car were stolen from in one morning, in Carlsbad. Sometimes, the cars' windows were smashed. Sometimes, the cars were already unlocked.
At central office for Milwaukee Suceeds mtg w/ Looking forward to this collaborative work!
So way is it storming!
how you know!? You wasn't around back then
Cuz it seems like u and that chucky person bond pretty well
Just in case you missed it
they're grey for sure but everytime I hear the name redbox I think CRAP! LOL
damn right I did
Props to NC State, but those last two set plays are on the coach. Horribly drawn-up plays.
Giving Back Magazine is proud to have just become a member of the San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce!
USN ADM Willard just retired & warned that NK's arsenal is "now in the hands of an untested 29 year old." Fair winds & following seas - JDG
there she is! What she order?
Spinning tonight! It's gonna be insane.. forget the recovery party ;)
FEEL BETTER
Lol we do what we can, Fordy
exactly. I think even most self-validated woman can appreciate that.
Damn Junior Seau just died. Sad
but what of those who've already seen Sherlock, through albeit illicit means?
Per Harvard, "self-disclosing" here pokes the same pleasure-receptors as eating, fucking & "getting money". (Note: plan to quadruple output)
Thanks for the follow, Monty. Great to be connected with you!
B12 is a concern if you're not eating any animal products, but a supplement can fill that gap. Most ppl don't....
Long and stressful day at work? Need a drink? Come to La Cofradia for Happy Hour we have what you need
Delicious soup and specials. Come in for some Holiday cheer.
I have that and tweetcaster, and like tweetcaster better. Ubersocial used to be better, but no longer
Met some amazing people at the emerald coast songwriters festival last night. Looking forward to playing again tonight!
Sunday. Already?
is my favorite, speaks his mind without hesitation! GO SKIP!
I need a place to stay for the night. If anyone can help out let me know.
omgzzzz peeta!! Miss that movie date
go Rams!
Why does the girl in Metropolis (I think her name is Maria) keep grabbing her own boob?
thanks for the follow, look forward to your informative tweets.
As a King grad and MPS supporter I'm happy to hear James Causey defending our students.
I think I've heard enough, I'm down lol!
Store-bought happiness never cuts it.
Had no idea Shane Battier was still in the league *shrugs* basketball ain't been the same for me
#ff music and comedy everyone should hear!
RJ And The Assignment (electric band) will be performing @ Aliante Station in Las Vegas for Regina Archie's private holiday event 12/17
well if you want 100 percent i reccommend you do 50. 45 will only get you a 90%
Scanner monitor: Possible fire at Dartmouth Elementary. School is unoccupied but smelling odor from the furnace after a loud noise.
im bored
Nah. That's the other one. Gustafson, maybe?
cool. Let me know when you do and i will be sure to check it out.
The Kaiser has a lot of work to do, later.
lol yes!! I remember buying the Phoenix Night's box set VCR and that was in 2002! It's funny how recently technology has just
OH: "People *love* blogs."
Fun as always!' RT : Thanks again for Another great #Foodiechats Did you have fun?
Hey! follow back please(:
I know Albert Einstein said, “The only source of knowledge is experience.” but I don't think sleeping with everyone is what he had in mind.
Tonight on MPTV 36, small-screen historical costume dramas are celebrated from the past 50 years. At 9PM.
IMMEDIATE JOB OPENING! Financial Analyst in the Rochester, MN area. Please contact me ASAP. Advanced Excel skills needed. 507-285-9270 $25/…
Celebrate loving memories that shine bright as a star
my word is law
congratulations, poacher!
New Phone((;
I want a burger off the grill w a potato bun & some mustard! Yum
SPEAK NOW OR SHUT THE HE-- UP
'twas a pleasure and an absolute honor!
Nevermind...just found it! haha. Thanks so much =)))
I am leaving here right at 5:30 damn it.
lets have a non gay bromance ;)
Thank you so so so much. <33
Switched it up cute hair :-)
NEW MUSIC ON THE WAY FROM "YGMHM" BE ON THE LOOK OUT!!
If parents could only realize how they bore their children!
lol I miss high school. Everything was easy.
: omg, #GIRLS do any of them have Asian friends as girls? or as girl-friends?????!!!
Tweeting random stuff cause yolo (:
you're way more interesting in person. <3
don't care what anyone says, man vs. wild freakin owns
Thanks for the follow! I hope the weekend has treated you well!
Im just trying to have fun, but people and school always ruin that
« « Grow up but don't give up»» I wonder if midgets give up on growing up.
You have his number?!;D
yeah and what about the critical thinking skills?
Watch: Tune into Greater Boston to catch an interview with FUEL founder Bob Hildreth!
I really know who my bestfriends are when shit goes down
Ask yourself.. Are you living?? Or just existing...
ooc; Awh, did your little master see our convo?
you don't want to go. Your a Nets fan. Lol.
BREAKING: #Tebow reported to retire and join cast of #TheVoice on NBC
"Ever seen the bottom of an Avatar's foot? Wham!"
it's not the cornbread it's the everything else thank you very much lls
You left me, just when I needed you most.
Thanks for RTing us! Happy Friday.
1.17.2012 -our #smallbizpgh #twitterchat! Join us to network and share resources. FREE - Forbes Magazine Ranks our Guest in TOP 20 in USA
Christmas isn't the same..
I'll meet you halfway, meet in Nebraska? Kansas?
of course(:
i hear u. as long as he keeps cracking jokes on tv!
I love my whole cast Union Square!!!!
they say the kid is alright..and this is how much black we found ! :P but it was just all in the kids head ..haha : P
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!", awe you remembered my birthday :D " no...... Facebook reminded me "
More scouting today for an awesome upcoming project with Good day.
How about we take it back 25 years.
yes it does!!! Good Luck!!
Congrats! I'm about 20 rows behind you ... see you at the next ceremony :-)
Every morning I wake up to a construction sound banging on my eardrums but the weather's too beatiful to complain. Maybe life is like that.
Though it's not recognized by the State of Texas, 500 #belly pts at gets you adopted as part of the family; photoshoot et al.
Austin has a girlfriend ?! D;
Power Tower @ Roosevelt University - Schaumburg Campus - Student Center. Enjoy!
A huge thanks to for being our 1000th facebook like! :D
#ThingsIwantMost a log cabin and a bunch of forest animal friends to gather my nuts and berries
Too much of a good thing is wonderful.
tonight going to houghs... you?
Save it for next Sat!
Sentence lost at a political ad factory, answers to: “They’re circus mirrors, reflecting back our grotesque delight in money ill-spent.”
I'm about to have so many babies
Finally getting some rest today what a whirl wind of shows and lectures last week. it all starts over again in a couple of days!
Thx for stopping in! Hope you enjoyed the grub and the show.
Dear Internet, celebrate 's birthday by giving her a job in DC. Then I get a present as well!
To the weedy front garden!
Dude, Chris called me and told me that everyone will go to Edward's party. It's at 10, he told me to invite you!
good night :)
I feel like hoopin
burpees with pushup, pull ups and toe touches
OH : Editor #1: [singing] "I like pickles, I like lettuce... uh..." Editor #2: "Meow mix meow mix please deliver?"
There is something powerful that happens when we simply persevere in the things of God; when we keep looking forward and refuse to look back
Friday food porn: Vegetable love
spam email with a malicious virus (of course) from a source claiming to be the Better Business Bureau. Don't open it!
I won't. Seriously.
These doctors straight thirsty boa I tell you. We're the only suite in the whole fucking building that's gone be open...smfh
who, in the days of Ali/Frazier/Cosell, would've thought the future best active boxers war of words would be about gay marriage?
How many times will the world ask for a "ceasefire" in a one-sided conflict? Tell them to stop killings & give them consequences NOW.
I'm moving back haha
DOUBLE D WEDNESDAY TONIGHT!! THE FUN STARTS at 8PM!! GIDDY UP!!
It's 11:11 make a wish and make a wish and SAY SOMETHIN!!
if life gives you lemons, make lemonade money together and buy all CD SELENA GOMEZ: D ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥
The sun might be fleeting, but a waffle is always golden and warm!
RT : It is my fav! 1 of Cincy's best places! I spent most of my childhood there lol So fun!
thanks for the rt
"Some say the secret to a happy relationship is separate bathrooms. Those people have never tried Poo~Pourri." Keep it in your purse ladies!
Got a little nerdy last night with & - totally new, sick, geeky talk heading your way!
doing for what?
congratulations on the breast cancer survivor ... I have no clue how I got to you page....but something led me here....
what are they gonna say when #Patriots get bounced from playoffs by #Ravens AGAIN???? Joe will throw more TD's than Tom.
I hope I cross your mind every once in awhile, so that I won't feel pathetic for thinking of you all the time.
Mqn sick wit da flu is some ugly shit real talk.
thank you for the mention!
Wow. I haven't tweeted since August 1?
hahahaha you're the only one who uses #oomf it's cute.
It's the magic of risking EVERYTHING for a dream that nobody sees but you. ~Million Dollar Baby
you're not gonna get your kind of gossip from my twitter lol.
We are less than 5 minutes away from News in the Morning. Tune In!
Hmm what to do on my day off.
Too early for anything..
I love how MJ watched the blackhawks last night and his Cubs tonight. But, his Bobcats, the worst in the NBA, need him to suit up!!
isnt that the fibonacci sequence of buses ?
looking forward to finishing my kitchen this weekend and a good weekend of PSU and Falcons football
I smoke too many blunts in a day...
I think I want everything on the menu.
My pulse at the moment : ____________
a Happy Thanksgiving to you and you family as well. Stan
Our mini bad beat of $500 for any full house beaten hit 3 times last weekend! Over/Under for this weekend?
Using Prezi to design a presentation for an upcoming creative writing class. I like it!
Drinking margaritas and planning my future wedding. TSM?
almost done with laundry....finally I can have drink! lol
when are you coming back to ATL!?!?
#cable12 RT : Hey, critics/journos/media/PR peeps: Anyone coming to NCTA in Boston in a few weeks? Let me know!
This bus sucks! Ready for a nap!
follow me
It's Thursday! Who's stopping in for a Guinness after Jazz in the Park?
Seane Corn - self realization is important when interacting online. See the web as a mirror and act accordingly
Whats your favorite song to run to?
good luck with your presentation!
where u been?
Thanks for sharing! Hope you found it interesting!
Next speech trainers event: P-ESL Certification in Plainview, NY - Dec 4-5, 2010. Marketing Essentials on Dec 6. www.800-language.com
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Mushroom and Carrot Ginger. Sugar free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Firstly, your aptitude for gaming is graciously rewarded by a generous compensation
For most men, yes, being nice to a person means they wanna sleep with them. No, it ain't "good" but that's how most men are.
Nice bitch foul bynum
awesome stay , only dissapointment is having to find another hotel for Saturday night. This is a must stay hotel, class act
Adele is the best! I love her!
Nashville is coming to Atlanta tomorrow for a meeting. I'm excited. :)
Shelly will be going home next week!
Studying snacks tonight are #saltines and #sunchips. Maybe an #icecreamsandwich later. Thoughts or suggestions?
#Vegas night out w/ friends! then to the fun, fun, fun'
Tonight at the pit, everyone gets laid.
RT : "A happy #family is but an earlier heaven." George Bernard Shaw
hahahahaha OMG your tweet. I can't breathe. -dead-
Spoelstra is a good coach...but if pat riley was coachin we wouldnt loose games like these
Why was everyone making fun of for her weight? She was still super cute!
Nice. I'd love to see a Library-wide signage type project. (BTW, we'd have to pay this guy, obviously)
Found out today that many of my friends honored the passing of St Valentine and spent last night getting stoned.
oh my gosh.
Don't forget Mother's Day is Sunday, May 13th! How are you celebrating?
Alot of stuff
My kids made more money than me today? I'm not even mad at em.
On snap...#BrockLesnar is back....dope lol
i saw 'union' and 'SoB' and assumed it was about soccer
Ryan Tannehill chosen as Miami Dolphins’1st round pick of 2012 NFL draft
If I was your everything you'd fight for me.. But you didn't, and aren't going to, so I will depart from our path.
Obviously turned on for post-game. NBC coverage makes me want to poke my eyes out
thank you for helping me to picture a week of abundance, not mediocrity.
make a video of you nd send it to me im making the video to i will never stop im getting on tv sis
Shadow of a Doubt arrived with a crack; Miller's Crossing with scratches. Are Netflix discs worse now?
Unless you believe, you will not understand.
Great. 24 is a parking lot.
I love these things! RT Do pregnant women know about the delicious "Take 5" candy bar? Pretzel, peanut butter and chocolate.
Feeling lucky to work at a company that considers St. Patrick's Day a holiday.
Oded Meyer describing Carnegie Mellon's Open Learning Initiative (OLI) - stand-alone online courses.
- thanks so much for posting this. I'm going to post it on my site!
I haven't been taking steroids??:O
my guess, going by the recent brewers trend, torn acl - out for the season
haha will to reveal your real age? 😏
We're seeing lots of local winery check ins today. Maybe we'll see some wine fueled matches on Wingman!
same!!! And im still going to bed early
An inconvenience is an adventure wrongly considered. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
agreed. Make it great
that or they're actually planning to move RG3 to WR/KR! Sneaky!
u sound like me lol
Just yesterday around this time, we were still in dallas waiting for our flight -_- haha
Want to carpool to Coachella? Post an ad on Antengo and find people in your area to ride with!
I can watch the UNC game on after this as well. Insight blocked it? Good call guys...
is up for the first ever Goldschlager cleanse... Any other takers out there? ?
Heart-Shaped Meatloaf for Valentine's Day Dinner This adorable heart shaped meatloaf recipe makes a perfect Valentine's Day dinner for th
Learned that both Ida B. Wells and WEB Du Bois were gun owners and suggested that other African Americans arm themselves as well.
i wish i could(: right when you get home im going to lick you. dont worry. its gonna be all wet and slimy (: haha
I still need to make it to #toteonturf and can't wait for some #Moet! RT :)
can today please be over already
Let's GO Mariners!
you saw i was jk, right? :)
Red lobster wen i get off
so you'll be in owensboro from wensday to Monday?
Head on! Apply directly to the forehead
Cloud nine
movie or kinect?
who should we ask
HP management is smoking dope. Why is Autonomy better than their existing core business? They are beating Dell in the enterprise these days.
Whatchuuu talking about?! You've always been cool!
Apple's iOS 4.3 Beta 3 Offers New Tools, Honeycomb Competition
Soo nice outside in downtown Bellevue! I just wanna get out of the office and hang out in the sun...
#ThingsMyMotherSays "I will always love you"
RT : Artists lets work some records! Holla at me! Serious Inquiries only! RT
Go follow He has made some of the Sickest guitar pedals anyone can make! I personally have the TUA and it is killer!
absolutely love that blogpost, Mike..seeing a troubling over-reliance on data and analytics in business today
HELLO MY DARLING!
I never get upset when ppl text or call me constantly bc it shows me who really wants to talk to me
Haven't been in a mall in a very long time; now stuck in a really bad one. Waiting for kids to get out of a movie.
Seems like the best way to get #SuperBowl ad publicity is to get banned (please something new Go Daddy) or say you are not advertising.
to my dude u got a spam!
Whole Foods Market Milwaukee is donating 5% of all proceeds earned on June 21st to MKE Habitat. Head over that day to show your support!
A6: It's not like it would be completely new to US. NASCAR, Golf, etc. Fans would adjust to it
": Really wish my Twitter came with an NBA filter.". Couldn't agree more, thought about unfollowing everyone till its over...
just ran into kevin coval at an event in the city. Talked him into coming in april! :)
: See u at the open house Sun.?? We have to catch up!
UK most investors keen on Alternatives claims A | PRLog
RETWEET this & follow for a chance to win 2 tix to the First Round of the #NFLDraft on Thursday!
I would say this is an early morning for me - but then I would feel guilty with all you 9-5ers. (Industry folk, you hear me, right?)
you can't poke fun in one line and bitch out on the next.
;-) Happy Friday!
How are you?
Got a record for you bro. Need ya email
we joined you in having too many beers. I was the mayor of Learys, how did you know? How was the test?
Got your voicemail, thanks so much. Looking forward to the big day tomorrow! Call if you need anything.
Follow my tweets , interact, holla at me
Anyone going to Covington tomorrow to see the boys? I am!
hahaha yep! So whatcha up to??
no\t in my top 2 tho
Welcome to Pretty Good with Words, the Podcast.
Good Times. BTW, how is Tejas? Sounds like things are going well?
that shyt go hard...up went in
Thank you! We'd love to see you here.
Just Keep in mind that "Self Made" is NOT the final final version! We just wanted to put it out so that you all can hear! :) Enjoy!
