For Mother's Day this year I'm gonna give my mom what she's always wanted. For me to leave her the fuck alone.
Just went to a Macy's casting now on my way to a go-see at seventeen magazine :D
I think 6:30 would give us time to eat & get to the theater
Running socks? When are you going to come out and run with me?
Getting restless? need to see some dance? are you free Thursday night? Come see SPADE in Betts theater in Marvin Center :30pm!!!
my 2 year old nephew just rang bell 33 times. He must of sensed Hamilton crushing ball for number 18.
Thanks for the mention- have a great week!
Yum! What a delicious looking "Margarita". I like the umbrella, but even with just the lime garnish, they look great.
Thanks so much. We just listened to the podcast. We are so glad you guys loved the show! We'd love to have Amy at the show.
Don't Tell Me You Love Me </3
please settle a dispute: Did your black widow die or did you let it free in the back alley? (Cc )
Rondo you so fast!!!
show us the taxes
I'm currently watching it subbed on Hulu. Had it on-hold for a few years at 1/26 episodes though. :|
JUSTIN DREW BIEBER MALETTE follow me please 1...
Anybody else in ZIJA? This stuff is amazing!
Get to in Wichita Falls! UABB is on next then Confide, OM&M, IFAF, and WCAR! Starting to get packed in here!
Being in love with someone is hard, trying to move on when you find out they don't love you back is even harder.
ok thanks :) I've been wanting some moe's for a while :)!!
Live, laugh, love… drink Tampico! :)
Thanks very much!
i'm your biggest fan in LA....i hope you notice me on twitter one day -__-
#2012c19 Stancliff's paper is knocking me out. Flat affect and indifference are the emotional tone of the new racism.
I like listening to Luther Vandross every now and again and LOL when I watch Everybody Loves Raymond.
txt me my iPod is spazzing out
Happy Birthday!!! Have a wonderful day!
longest and best full name ever.
No, just my observation. I always put Rod quotes in " "
I don't like breakdowns seeking middle-aged women (35-45); elderly women being considered over 45. I have only just begun to age.
i will watch #TVD tonight and i WILL like it! lol;) yeh its true.
Who is motivated to use ORCID IDs? Universities, funders, publishers. Researchers themselves -- maybe not so much.
I really hate baby talk written its like trying to Read Jim's Character from Huck Finn. So, please write it out.
I think we've been snarky with each other, but you're right, no name calling. At least, not intentionally?
it may take a bunch of tries, like they say when introducing new baby foods, (12 tries) but goal is to get her used to idea
Not today due to work, but all day tmrw & Weds presentation. See u in the AM!
Obvs the guy has no respect for teabags. ;)
Conflicting information is NOT contradictory.
watching the highlights online, that Sergio Ramos penalty was RIDICULOUS
no Ole North stealing gold from 9/11 for Bush and having it stolen.....check it....
I am starving now. Dammit.
RT : “ No one makes a lock without a key. That's why God won't give you problems without solutions...”
Taking my oldest to see hunger games.
Pshhh if it's Golds downtown, I'll see ya there then
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: Seriously, guys I was just about to tweet the YDSWI when a butterfly land on my hoodie!!!! FOR REALS
must be on if your tweeting
Andy boy I love him
When Rick Ross Says "Bitch you wasn't shooting with me in the gym!" Nigga, you wasn't with yourself shooting in the gym
lol Thanks bro! How are your gains? Looking a little small heh? Jk :p I'll try not to smoke so muc
Linseed oil, the most popular of all oils for painting, comes from the flax seed a common fiber crop.
just decided to take the day off of being green and demolished the tree in the front yard
Trying to sleep in.. But the stupid time change from Indiana has made me so hungry an hour early
Cool! Glad to help!
Appointment tomorrow morning
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
working on it! we love your archive!
*IMPORTANT* Our concert tomorrow has been CANCELED by enterteenment. we are very sorry on behalf of GNO, but it's out of our control.
Thank you Luis, for sharing your art with us. We are grateful and inspired! Travel safe!
Must work hard everyday. Success must be earned.
I always get really emotional during the draft. I mean how cool is it that these guys are about to make their dreams come true?! So cool
Why does it seem like every security guard in the world is fat as shit and mad at the world for it?
It's not quite polar bear weather. :/
but yes pretty bad otherwise
My brother can be annoying but I still love him!RT this if your sibling can be annoying but you still love them!!!!!!!!!!!!!
: If you were a cookie, what would be in it? Ying&yang chocolate. White inside. M
seriously, anyone have a dark lord ticket for me? Just ONE
Come out and play Unlimited Golf + 40 Tokens for the arcade for only $12.00! Every Tuesday & Thursday!
Wow only one child in the house tonight -- seems so odd and WAY too quiet!
muh fuggas fucked up my music day, im al outta sorts now. damn wow. one call thats all huh david gruber? one call to fuck shit up
it is a great book! What would you use to include non-whites in the story of America?
Someone asks you "how are you," in passing, I bet if you said I need someone to talk to, they would listen. "Nobody really wants to listen."
"I've found the greatest love of all inside of me." ~WHITNEY HOUSTON May you celebrate today & everyday w/ love for yourself 1st & foremost!
engaged!? Where have I been at!? Wedding colors!? Six of them!?!?
Diablo Edge Forged Irons
Is Tony Siragusa being paid by the word today?
HAVE A GREAT DAY your the best i love you and the Philippians love you YOUR SO AWESOME XD
Wanna like MEN, but that article in which Samson whined about not having money and wearing $300 pair of jeans soured me.
here you go!! they look so cute!
I don't understand how dudes can be dead beat daddy's smh. I love my lil girl so much!
I do like the poster :-)
no mistakes bt fuk it tell ur bitch to let me blast first cz i jst want the bitch in a-vid like diva backwards
thanks for the mention! Paducah is a wonderful city!
I can't remember the last time I closed a bar...
I smell gross fried food...must be back in the States.
First and foremost, blows my mind. She looks phenomenal! And not just for her age but for any age!
"snuck a puck"
☼ Ridicule is the first and last argument of fools. Charles Simmons
I know! Only the blah "retweet"...
(this is almost certain to end in tears)
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. -Chinese Proverb -- Positive Input ()
Sometimes I Blog away! ROCK it out in Dubai my talented friend :-)
“: It feels good to know you don't have to take any of your semester test! 👍”
Valentine’s Day is just a couple weeks away! Surprise your special someone with a couple’s massage!
FIGJAM? Why do you hate Phil Mickelson? I don't get it.
I'm in! RT : Let's party like it's Cinco de Mayo!
What a catch
Buckhead has a significant problem if traffic is so bad it takes 30 minutes to get to work. I live 1 mile from work.
"I was flirting with this girl and didn't want to stop, so I just pissed my pants." - a thing some guy just said outside
We want to know... What do you love about NY?
sure followed
Thankful for all the wonderful comments & likes this morning. I'll be releasing more soon, thanks for keeping in touch. xo
thanks for the RT Jodi! cheers
When I update iptables rules I should save them so I don't have to spend 15 minutes trying to troubleshoot connectivity after reboot.
Cloudy day in SoFlo...hoping the sun comes out soon!
Come out to Abbey Underground tonight for #ETO showcase at feat.
There's a new event page for the OKC Battle of the Bands FINALS!! so check it out and buy some tickets from us.
hell yeah man! These gas prices are killin' em!
At 24 Messi has broken Gerd Müller's all time European scoring record with a hattrick. 3 clear of Ronaldo in the race for Pichichi.
Yes, I’ve noticed the ever-shrinking coffee cup. And I refuse to use the Orwellian term “tall” for a Starbucks small coffee.
no worries it's good I wish you were closer then we could do some work together I never been but my Nana was from Spain too
10 yrs of Movers & Shakers, and I am ever more inspired by them all
Game 7, Thursday. Props to Clemmensen on stopping an absurd amount of shots.
A Hip Hop Legend is in the ATL! He's illmatic
Thanks Liz!
Matt, he'd be a great writer on the website. His uses of then for than are classic in bitter tweets.
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
Beijing, Hong Kong, Singapore, Jakarta - only half way done. Can't wait for Friday in Coronado!
Origins of Ozomatli: What do you do w/ a set of turntables, a tabla, and a guy who knows a bunch of Mexican folk songs?
@ Dunkin Donuts on N Druid Hills Road. Stop by and see us if you are in the area. Here til 9, then off to a secret mtg location.
today's action may be tommorrow's habit
Im so tired!
Good luck 2 my sagu girls today!
Dine #alfresco & enjoy the gorgeous weather on our outdoor patio! Get classics like Roasted Chicken Vesuvio w/ parmesan crusted red potatoes
No.. apparently I've been hacked. Damn Twitter.
Looking forward to you joining us! RT : Excited for tomorrow!
thanks for the follow hope to catch you in Cleveland in a couple weeks at nighttown
Kudos to for using star power to talk about how messed up this society is when it comes to being superficial & obsessed w looks!
#kids dropped off at school now time for
such a blast today watching all the dancers today! First time at starsystems was awesome! 👯
Always new content on Reddit: the goal. Also wanted to be as dense as possible to provide a wide array of links.
used to love FF7 Resident Evil 2. Those were the days. The game Medieval was always a guilty pleasure
I would respond to this, but I'm too busy following your plan.
Come on, tell us your fav (and least fav) albums of 2010! Today, we'll randomly select a few followers to win ITunes cards for their replies
great week....met awesone individuals at #RWU during the #RI public service #conference where I was an #international panelist
It's about to go down
Show for Benefit Of Equines
Text PLAZA to 85944 and give a $10 donation on your phone bill! Data rates may apply. Endorsed by MGF.
Only reason I'm coming to spanish this week is for the free food
Jimmy Iovine is with UMG, they own Interscope Records RT : does this means that jessica will be part of umg?
SOUNDS GOOD!
this is big. Thanks for the follow.
Have the urge to play U2's "Beautiful Day" and drive with the windows rolled down. Can't believe it's January!
Thank you NEW & CONTINUOUS FOLLOWERS!! Do appreciate the support. ;)
thanks for following us!
You better buy them when everyone hates them. Run on Greece, JP Morgan Casino Trade,Volker Rule,FDIC, Barney Frank hates em
i'm giving away free #karma for the next 30 minutes!
Interesting. Pete Drake was a legend. Again, quality vid for a 1/2 day!
I believe my response would be "Where do I sign?"
@ thx! I'd love to talk to Just used to find dinner in Berlin! Unfortunately, I leave early tomorrow. Will have to email
At the critical point of my Friday where I need a coffee or an adult beverage. I'm at the office, so probably the latter.
: My glow in the dark stars keep falling off my ceiling. #90sgirlproblems". Fell off the ceiling of my car too.
nice to see you in this universe!
your commentary is penetrating.
yeah new faces are cool, but that's if they ever come in! It's like a ghost town over here.
*Used to* watch too much VH1. Actually, I experienced all those first hand on the radio!
damn them young card fans!
1 more tweet to 2000 tweets! #OMG I'm so proud of myself! I really am!!!
shot I made my dog lick my palm
Reat babyshower Nadine and Jonathan! Love my friends and they expending :)
woke up with #noshit stuck in my head.
Just walked by the mens fragrance counter and spotted a Cologne called "sexual fresh" ?! So weirded out!!
Just a young hood nigga, streets raaaisseedd me!
Have a problem or concern about something happening on campus? Let me know and I'll bring it up! New host for PLATFORUM 'USC Issues'.
Hillarious RT "To those saying Tebow will make Sanchez better. Yeah tell your insecure girlfriend you just hired a hot secretary
fair weather or not they put forth GREAT energy at games. Can't argue that, can you? haha
Termites will eat wood two times faster when listening to heavy metal.
I'm hungry again ...so much for my New Years resolution..it's time to eat!!
Ooohh, Mr. Opinion. Who can that be? Just reading through your old tweets while grading.
For crying out loud, you're in New Orleans...they act like music is banned there or something.
Some of it yes, why? lol
Haha dude what I wouldn't give to go back there and toke on some skooma.
Jo-Im a huge fan. Your book was awesome! I will be writing a blog entry on you in the near future! <3 Rachel
I'm not all about that...😉 jk, do it to end your senior year. Ill do it with you!
Sometimes it’s the little distractions that can provide the solutions to problems we overly focus on.
#expowest about one months and counting! Who else will be there?
Thanks for the RT, Miss Rosoff!
Some small hail possible in Jackson soon!
I retweeted this comment and then retracted it. I am utterly embarrassed, but I decided not to use your...colorful language!
It's back to the grind in NYC. NFL Draft will be here in no time!
safe travels! :0)
Can you share it?
i dont at all.
I'll be waiting with everything I own!
drink tea and take a hot bath, that what i do when i am
Just submitted a talk proposal for I feel like I'm cheating on
Ladies nite Thursday's Mia Ultra Lounge , w/ music by DJ Vertigo and Thaddeus DeejayKnowledge going out wih the girl tomorrow night
please do not screw this up... Black Ops 2 needs to be more geared towards rewarding good players as to punishing them.
good work young man!!!
I am looking forward to it. The honor is all mine. I think this will be a huge help to many of our young followers.
i know. dinner tonight, lunch tomorrow, another (as yet undetermined) meal, AND i'm making stock from it.
It's supposed to be a French accent.
Happy Saturday everyone...I hope all are well
Adam Dunn is the biggest loser in baseball history. Another 9th inning strike out!!!! GET RID OF HIM!!!
everyone should go to the #emerson tonight at 6:30 and watch #jadedchain and #michaelshelton (:
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT for IOWA!!!
What, no beer?
7 baby moms RT : 0 superbowl rings RT : Can someone post my stats from rookie year till present please....
Nothing's more serious.
makes it seem more like UMKC is like a satellite campus.
Tonight's game marks the first sweep of that team since Jess Settles, Andre Woolridge and the Marlboro Man.
oh yea boy!
I miss me mam and dad and ol green dog....bunch of legends
Maybe editors keep rejecting this story because of the last line: "I sure hope they don't die from having too many fu*king white babies."
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
Hey, Andrew would be happy to speak to you and work something out - or (212) 593-3278
#loverboi Mistakes make me human. Failure makes me stronger. Love keeps me alive. But its YOU who keeps me smiling.
GIRLS:Be honest with him something wrong? let him know
Congrats! And good luck on the Ph.D. program!
we can still meet for coffee sometime.
we love you Fia.
Quality win for the #Thunder and we have a commanding 3-0 lead. We looked impressive and we are playing with a purpose.
We love it when the cocktails are held to same standards as the food!
We are currently showing everything on your server up and running. Are you still experiencing a connection error? ^CS
no :( I leave tomorrow morning
In #Akron tonight for a 50th anniversary party!
- The SAINT! It's on 800 Lexington - near downtown SA! Hit me up with names and I'll get ya in!
Hay whats up
I completely agree.
jus got off tha phone wit my dad ..he told me i better not have big boxes ..ol lawd lol
i need to get into twitter more often
Yup, it's that last bit of Taurus nonsense before we get to Gemini fun. My Bday is the 24th so get it out of the way NOW.
RT : Best of luck to everyone for the spring venture showcase tonight!
SO OVERDUE to visit you. Just joined meetup to remind me of your Monday night events. I will get there eventually!!!
No consideration for Ladanian Tomlinson for the Chargers?
renters insurance-they were called at 2am - Done...yup
Thanks. We are really excited to be a part of the #vawine community. Cheers!
they should give up water boarding as a torture and just make people call your customer service line.
Also "she's in the crowd tonight, Kobe"
we are from Conifer. Colorado...what part is GE from? Mtns or plains?
Green apple infused vodka new on the drink menu for September!
everything going well with you man?
Thanks. A simple web tablet will satisfy until I can afford an iPad ...
And there's nothing on 📺 gotta go out tonight👠💄🍸
for a bit then came back. We don't want a tv that was put together in our living room though. Very frustrating
lol yeah it's not as good as Starbucks but its cheaper and lot easier to make than your Tupperware coffee haha
what's your favorite movie?
is it good? re: chocolate covered bacon.
Haters, Stalkers etc.... I wldnt want my man on my Twitter nor wld I want to see his. If you & I dated wld you read my Tweets?
Get,paid
“: Yes!! We'll be the obnoxious kids on the dance floor.” just how I like it!
RT Getting excited for next weekend! Looking forward to kicking it off with !:-)
Kelly Miller MS is seeking judges for their 2nd Annual Science Fair on March 2. For more info, email .
send me the pics from the concert Foo!
Mother's milk and touch best for infant's health: Doctors say two simple interventions - exclusive breastfeeding and maximum skin-to-...
Reading the script of Pulp Fiction. HILARIOUS!!!
that was great TV. If I remember correctly, the car escaped just as we went to the TODAY Show
is my new favorite rambler!
I can understand that! Most of my friends who were using it have done the same.
Don’t worry about the future; or worry, but know that worrying is as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubblegum
Hate letting the weight room guys down again. Wedding rehearsal thenpreaching in Ripley!
what does it say about me when i am ousted as the mayor on foursquare of my own house by the kid who feeds my animals when i travel? wah.
DSO this Fri/Sat. I am going Sat. Showbox
Lmao in north olmsted right across the street from great northern mall. Come on! We open at 9pm. Come see the pandemonium ctfu!!
RT Professional courtesy: do you extend it and to what point? (answer then RT, plz) | Is the RT request here a test? :)
Ladies night tonight.
Ohkay pues, but just chill with the cursing. & Look for it on the side of the bed and stuff.
Thank GOD that was a dream. Every woken up like that? I just did.
Thank you! :)
what's the point of pulling download tickets 2 hours before the event? Maybe so you can charge more for people picking them up?
I'm begining to feel sorry for this Karma chick. Everyone keeps calling her a bitch
Headed home to Minn. 2morow afternoon. It's been 2yrs. If it snows it will b a Big 10 travel lockout.
Hell yea i like this!!!RT : fuck nigga please ! you couldn't get a blessing from me if you fuck niggas sneeze !
I have no idea. I didn't ask because I didnt want to cry in public.
HOW IS ROXETTE SO GOOD?
new too and I will aways credit Kimberly for us meeting!
Thanks for helping us break 14K Likes!
Got my pits did this aft. I'm officially a Cali boy.
I rarely sell off any of my stuff... never know when I'll need it. I keep it all mainly for recording.
He has historically written "these types" of things, however is there a line to be crossed?
I have approximately 1.5 hours to get all my morning errands done (nap time for my baby)
Bad Girls Club<3
Had a dream I had a real G convo with Nancy Botwin and I woke up feelin great
"Proud To Be A Jonas Fan"
Homeland is the best thing to happen to cable TV since The Soprano's.
I still don't get it. Sweet Chin Music + Pedigree and a three count but the match continues on?
That's Okay , Because Them Bitches Is Gone Be Stressing Out Over Me && Im Gone Be Laughing .
is Andrew WK coming back to perform secretly? =)
Families of Bulger's alleged victims, as well as his former associates, share their feelings on his arrest. At 5:30 on
Your catalog! (Late reply to earlier tweet.)
U STALKED MY TWITTER
I tried callin you three times straight to vm
They still require immense amounts of energy, which I do not have.
well now youre just fibbing -__-
"Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the "gotta have it" scale."- Zig Ziglar
Abandoning my EC2 micro instance for RackSpace. Load consistently over 5 with 97% stalled? I've outgrown it.
is talking shit bout you! You are a dirty slut, Your a fuckin Loser, You aint shit, Drop dead!
Thought you'd be flattered. But now I understand that little "tm" next to your name!
Honestly this 'I do I do I do..." song is cranky. Makes me feel confused mentally.
Its cold in my room tonight, which is why I'm so glad I still have my flannel sheets on my bed.
Dave is in six days!
I fucking hate saying sorry. I don't know why. But I fucking hate it.
patron: it is so organized in here me: its our job!
Who's going to a show for 's tour this summer? Hollar at me if you're going to the Chicago show in August, cause I'll be there!
Forever MPD is a multi-purpose product for the laundry, dishes, floor, and even the bathroom! Use it on windows and clothes stains too!
nope, I would say it's very unlikely
Beautiful evening in Minneapolis!! What an incredible city this is!
I'm not feeling the Kelly Osbourne sandwich. Please remove.
": Seriously, how good is Lucroy with runners on?! #Brewers #AllStar" about 50/50!
Good luck tomorrow!
awww! Join the club
I want to retweet that.
Ross Park Mall!
Time movin to fuckin slow for me!! 😠
Meryl is wearing a cowboy shirt and a banana clip. What?!
This weather makes me sleepy as fuck
great meeting you in person last night! I'll be sure to hit up the event next week
rolyinc. creative group breaks into the cruising industry, more to follow...stay tuned!
praying for you too!
so when is the madden Superbowl preview coming
And almost certainly better than my usual "punch in the face."
Don't you start again, Lakers.
Having someone you don't know stalk your account ... Kinda creepy
oh god, Shelby found us. Can you see #JakeFricksBigHead all the way from Austin?
Thanks for the RT :)
Some people should not be allowed to speak ever. Nancy Grace is one name that comes to mind.
Need to get Weeks going. Nice to see. Still a ways to go here.
I need more fuel, can't keep the motor running this morning
You got it ~ hilarious!
How are you liking ALIAS GRACE?
Yeah I was totally the girl sashaying down the street in my heels, skirt, sunglasses on and all and tripped on my shoe lololol only me!!!!
you gotta bring some! Lol
At #CirqueDreams being amazed by crazy stunt acrobats. One even flips hundreds of times from a guy's feet! Don't miss it! 412.456.6666
"It is our choices...that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.---J.K. Rowling
I'm sitting next to you!!!!
shout out to for keeping 92.3 popping in the chi
aw...thanks! Yeah I need to come visit some time
#DidYouKnow you can still burn even when it's cloudy outside?
I read an article about him and his wife. They both said they would never use it. Ha!
The State Fair is coming up! Mark your calendars for Sept 16!
Ayo I say that cause I see the other things your into. The lunch lady bit is hilarious. You comedy. You real down to earth!
If you say you ain't ready for a relationship, why do you flirt with other girls like it's nobody's business?
Going to an expo, though it may be in vain, but I've spent my $. At least I'll eat lots of food and meet a lot of happy and excited women!
Trust and Infidelity-Can you ever trust again?
carroll gardens/red hook brooklyn's geography has a striking resemblance to an elephant head...wierd
Man behind me: Miss what size shoe do you wear? Me: 9.5 Man: Nnniiicce. Me: Thanks. *runs away*
.... “: Am I the only one?? who wants to die, be dead for like a day, see how everyone reacts, then come back to life.”
“: New SNL tonight? Anyone know?”. Yes. Charles Barkley hosting.
SO2 my pusslips <3 fuckin gorgeous! She's the nicest girl ever! You gotta get to know the real her <3 follow her!
TikiSweets, do you have ideas? Email us! We'll help bring your FASHION FAIRYTALE to life! Remember, originality is worth more than gold!
If you had blogged this, I'd be the schmuck that commented "first post!"
I am Titanium.....
nice commentary on QJ sir. Almost feels like a lesson!
yay made it to 400 followers lets see if i can make it to 500
No longer walking by myself in Maywood smh. A rapist really??
Varsity jackets
On my way to Vegas!!! :) gonna go watch some soccer and see IMMORTAL tonight !!
One More TIme for
lol he bout you come to school
Just had a great catch up chat with the amazing !
I'm baaaaacckkkk!
I have a Sports Center app specifically for hockey and golf scores. Mainly golf...
Okay!! I give up someone is going to have to do it for me.
agree. An outline for the entire course...!
it's not about you! Haha
whatever Bitch , clearly u ain't about Shit
Excited about my upcoming ibook about my travels in Iceland in 2009 :) 2-4 more weeks and it will be publish!
Clippers missed the chance to come back. Coming back to Los Angeles to close it out on Friday. :)
Everything is possible through God, if we just open ourselves to the possibilities.
Call your Rep to oppose harmful H.R. 4970 & support #VAWA for all woman, regardless of race or status! 202-224-3121
Lost my swipe... Not going out last night but somehow after I was at the library this morning.
I just passed my proposal defense...I am now a doctoral candidate and will conduct my research in Singapore!
Did a retreat at church and for once i feel ashamed to be part of youth team..
classes begin!
The Senate hearing on the #newTLDs program was particularly depressing in tone and content. It was mainly IP lawyers to whining in public.
The truth is they are trying to use the tea party against us, they now want it for themselves, to preserve the neocon agenda. We must evolve
Moss Wanted Crew
be goin in on the beats
Ok Day 1 of P90X2 was tough. Can't wait to see how I progress by Day 90.
i am following too much spam -- fml
I am only on twitterbecause going to make me more $ then any ball player ever did mark my words .
Putting it out there just gives it life.
Ball so hard? More like FALL so hard..That's what happens when Ravens don't fly! Enjoy your offseason Suggs!
WOW 2pac is alive at coachelle. I don't know how I feel about that.
We <3 you too! Hopefully we'll have "Jean" recorded for ya soon!
POTUS was funnier!
follow me PLEASE?:)))
STARTING TODAY the X Class at 4:30pm in conjunction with the 5pm class....and the name is....EVEREST WITH OXYGEN. We dare you.
someone take me to ihop
Thank you!
Never saw Chicago, but love their music.
#RichardWeeks RT : Which #Brewers player will send me down my slide first today!?
Spending quality time w/ horses, sunbathing, watching butterflies & picking 4 leaf clovers. Ah . . . Relaxation.
Look at my background :3
Look like its bout to rain... Wat a shame
What if Malcolm was silent? What if Martin was violent?
You can be as difficult as you want. I'm very persistent.
"The Cove" had the right message but wrong focus and weak call to action. We're going to influence the IWC classify dolphins as protected.
R.I.P. Don Cornelius - Thank you for all the Years of SoooooouuuuuL Train.
well your a mother fucker ;) <3
why doesn't anyone ever say" let's go to that little canadian restaurant!"
what?! That's epic! :D
Booth 818 Is Jumping! Next Theater Presentation Begins at 11: Collection Highlights—New Publishers, Titles & Tips.
she looked just like batman (the dog) only she was a cat lol
:-) you should wear that beanie more now follow me bitch mike lay down
SFPD says they're involved in a chase right now with the man in the night shirt who shot at the speed van.
heyy, thank you for following us. check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
Watch me hang gliding this morning on Wakeup! It was so much fun!
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
So much happier with a more streamlined twitter list.
One year ago today, I didn't believe Bin Laden was dead until tweeted it. Scoop of the decade so far.
no judgement-- I do stuff like that all the time. I just worry that i'll forget to delete my own snarky commentary!
#OTRC TIna babe your mic is hot and you are live as you chat e producer. Cut feed. Lol.
HEY SPEND $100 ON LIL WAYNE'S TRUKFIT YOU COULD WIN AN AUTOGRAPHED HAT BY LILWAYNE!!!!!!!!
Soaked by the rain. Great day for report cards to come out halfway across the world in a portable.
Hav u tried Psych databases? don't limit urself to edu databases.... cont.
oohh I love it when you serenade me.. *bats eyes*
My best friend got jumped the other day by 3 girls and she was laughing the whole time...
I'm going to catch up in my book finally.
#You know your in da hood when?....
Kevin Nottingham, Big Up! Shout Out ! Shout Out
thanks for the recommendations dudes, checked out Kassab's... it was killer!
What a game and what a series. #NYR lead now 3-2. Joel Ward has to feel awful right now. #Caps facing elimination
thanks Lyn!!! Hope all is well!!
Jam went amazing today! I think i broke my neck though..... -Carson :D
Never underestimate the powers that be, both good and bad. Stay grounded with truth.
SHE DID!! FUCK YOU JASMIN YOU BROKE THE PROMISE 😪
all I ever wanted was a million & a badd chick.
promise you that you aint gon never get it good as this girl i know that you want it yo actions just be fronting
Gatorade FTW in New Orleans!
Just because i liked u back then it doesnt mean i like you now just bc i liked u back then it doesnt mean i like u
“Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong.”
dead sea
yea I want to kick her in the throat and throw up on her shoes. Lol you should do an epilogue
LOL! That's awesome.
This thing is breaking down. We almost never speak, I don't feel welcome anymore... ♥¹³
i just had to point that out
That akward moment when your nose itches and you sniff, and your friends' parent makes you blow your nose..
Waiting waiting azzzz.
omg what happened to ur dog?!
how long are you in Seattle for?
as NLP(Stella,Siri) and medical semantics(medLEE) evolve, it hope it is applied to Mobile Medical/Patient Education
Did you know ASPCA senior vice president for National Shelter Outreach designated March as Adopt-a-Rescued-Guinea Pig celebration month?
#AskAlex what's ur hat size?!?
Miss my roomie so much :(
#FF for inspiring me....yeah, social justice etc., but I also just really like you.
he is i love his deep voice lols Weird
We're coming to Portlnd in June & I have already recused myself from dirtbag plans for Piranha 3D.
P.S. Really wished the post office opened at 7AM - would make my morning much easier.
I want a sexy new guy friend.
I'm totally serious! I just text them to mk sure I'm not talking outta my ass & missed something LOL
Disappointing result for Timbers as they fall to Real Salt Lake on stoppage time goal
I should of down right slapped the white off him. Disrespectful fuck.
Follow Mistakes Were Made from Nashville, TN. We are working on our 1st album and will be posting updates frequently with twitter!
Cuz I belong to the city. I belong to the night. Living in a river of darkness beneath the neon light
Cousin goes to UL, grew up a UK fan and now pulls for both. I told her earlier this week to get off the fence and pick a side!
lol. I have nearly all his albums. Have a cd of hank sr's first time on the grand ole oprey.
thanks dude. :)
Grt meeting you last night! Come back more often and feed Miami w that NewOlean soul! RT Miami is def 1 of my favorite cities!
Thanks! We can't take credit though. That is all Interface Journal's work. We're just highlighting it.
Who is the Voice 2 question anyone?! They should be charged has coconspirators to every case that they can be linked 2
your so lucky justin tweeted you!:)
congrats man!
yeah, yeah yeah!!! “: Cute Sheldon has been adopted!! Baroooooo!”
gov could be easy in a way
Thanks also for the follow, have a wonderful day!
I will tomorrowww.. it's past my bedtime.
Here's a shoutout to fellow bands that rep our hometown of Tucson!
hahaha not me sir. I'll prob ride today though
RT : just received an e-mail from inviting me to an event in 2009. Do all history leaders have a time-machine?!?!?!?!
who's cole?
Will definitely be a great day for all joining #IntDesignerChat this evening! Be there...6 pm ET
CONGRATULATIONS !!!!! we love you <3
#IThankGod for the salvation given to us through
Don't forget about our other forms of responsible transportation if FREE and takes you all over downtown Baltimore!
learn from our mistakes bro...keep your head up!
the windshield said "hiya" to a LOT of moths in Colorado. Better get the rebreeding program started again.
Credit where due. Nice goal.
Lisa, I was w Jay Esser and Mel Davis last night & Mel was singing your praises (everyone does)
glad I'm not the only one who did a double-take at that figure...
This video won many international awards. It demonstrates why Mexico is in MY senses/ Este video que gano numerous premios explica porque...
totally agree! they need 2 give the other crews a chance!!
Thnx for following. WE hope you have a productive future.
is sleepless in Chicago!!! Second night in a row.
Can we just lay in bed, under the covers and watch a movie?
So far we're undecided about the Might possibly have a joint representative with at the conference.
you playing football this year
That teacher is ms Amy trenkle, and a very satisfied parent told me about her supper club program. so awesome. Experiencing teacher jealousy
Brought our Kitty to West Hollywood Park-met a DP who told us about a cat actor place-maybe Sinclair will become a star :) He is a cutie
1000's of vacant homes across America equal millions of jobs with $0.00 cost to taxpayers. Investors and homebuyers can create this
Flores pokes fun at Trek bicycles and sending jobs overseas. He says he learns best by doing.
Guys that are WAY into themselves is annoying af. Nigga that shit aint cute.
hey ? im bored did u see the vicmas ?
Lookin' forward to a night of sassy remarks and judgmental calls during #TheBachelorette with
My version of that dream is set on the 3rd day of the month when the AWS bill arrives.
you didn't go to school?
Downside is you gotta pay for it. :)
I'll slow it down dramatically next time. :)
Preach. My google skills amaze me sometimes.
You know what my brain just did ? It opened up a dictionary for me
RT : Only girls who'd rather stay home and watch a movie with their man rather than going out to the club can retweet this one...
Danica Patrick is guaranteed a starting spot in the Daytona 500 and will keep her No. 10 GoDaddy car on for most of the Sprint Cup schedule.
me too. Polivia at its finest.
You watching #adventuresinbabysitting?
"Three things never return: the arrow launched, the word pronounced, and the lost of opportunity"
just found the guy who matched 5 numbers in last night's Mega Millions.. he's next on News8
Thank you to everyone on the live call tonight!
We are booking up fast! Need a pet sitter for the Holidays? Book your free in home consultation today! Don't wait till the last minute!
Ah the things I do to fool my friends!!
No, I meant during the day. I have a breakfast & lunch in Phoenix.
Happy Halloween, get your treats today till 6PM 20 % off all items. Open on Sunday till 5PM at 203 B Wellesley Dr SE Heart of Nob Hill
I got my foot on dey neck bout to apply the pressure. Ha ha!!
no sleep for u 2night
no offense, but you're really starting to annoy me..
I'm teaching a course in higher education policy - give me your essential texts/papers, etc.
muro is the jam I been drawing up a storm on deviantart
ah I hope. Albuquerque is so fucking boring I miss Vegas ! 😝😜😁😌😳
When you can't stop sampling the ice cream..
MT : on tonight! DC this Friday at Is #mmabduction too much to hope for?
Looking forward to playing with Mambo Blue (latin jazz), Friday, Bar from 5-7 for free!
Wakin niggas up in the mornin like coffee, saucy
Did you know you're supposed to taste the rainbow not wear it!
I want to hear something!!!!!!
Prince just hit 5 home runs in 5 swings to advance to the second round of the Home Run Derby.
ooh my bad
#middleclassfilms Battle of Accounts: LOC vs Checking
Waiting to pick up Becky from her church......then friendship time at ma fischers!
Happy Earth Day
that's not cool. Hope you pass it in your sleep...so you don't know May all your stones be tiny.
I don't know what's harder...Four Children, a house and traveling hubby or starting a business from the ground up?
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like bananas.
Can't wait for Wednesday!! #lastfinal can't wait to start my summer!!!!
I was added as an admin to a Facebook page, but it's not showing up in my account. Is there a limit to the # of pages you can admin??
Google Ahmad Rashad's wife Sale Johnson
smirk = horny
Also, the hand lotion in the bathroom at work smells like Krispy Kremes.
Sell on your merits. Not on their faults.
FIRST 20 TO FOLLOW GETS A SHOUTOUT!!
Take a big deep breath. Breath in as big as you can and sigh it all out... AH.
I know! I'm so glad you came to stay with my Mom and I :) have a good rest of your Spring Break :)
A Nebbiolo valentine :-) That was perfect,
never done it. I'm alive, so you're probably going to die.
uh oh what happened la chica?
I know that is right
Chcek out this blog post by on the events of the REAL NZ festival. Includes our Oranges at Halftime exhibition, + much more!
Wat I found out today O.O
I think Facebook should update its relationship status options to include "unrequited love". I'd never have to change my status. Ever.
Totally humbled by the people of an amazing program that is uncovering real talent locked up in the US.
I have never had a phone as long as this that I have not dropped it on it's face and cracked it...Go me..
Today's production meeting went well. Topics discussed: TV, Juggalos and Non-denominational church. Still need contacts from the local media
No excuse is good enough for you not to take care of your health. Start taking a “no-ifs,-ands,-or-buts-about-it” attitude toward fitness.
Destroying in some hoops!
We are about to announce a new promotion! We will be giving out a $50 and $25 gift certificate to the winner, check back soon!
I have just about enough of quote, "Diamonds in the rough."
FRIDAY Filthy Fifty for Balad Crossfit crowd today!
Never eat empty tacos!
Smiling is all I ever do when I think of you 💘
I face that dilemma often myself.
its Kryle's turn, and everyone knows it.
mi fa male il dente :(
And every cowboy sings a sad sad song
Why ask a stupid question, & get mad when you get a smart answer?
sorry Kirk we forgot to mention you in the mention with
girls field
Getting a spoon and eating #Nutella by the jar!(:
Agree!! RT : A7 Anything stagnant is exceptionally vulnerable.
I'm especially piqued at the "if it's low-paying, don't apply!" guy.
#ImThatPersonWho Is Usually NEVER listening . I tune out like 96% of the time . >.<
Woke up in a panic, man.
do you think u can take Me to the train on Friday
Let's go #Cowboys!!
Nashville Crew Heads Out Dyersburg, TN For Tru TV
Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized
I'm following you :)
Make sure you tweet peeps check out my imdb page you can see my demo reel thank you all.
NOW HOLD UP THERE ! What is this perk you speak of??? I tweet my nails all the time!!! I must qualify!
Now following
Long car ride home, but it's worth it! Amazing weekend with the family wish it didn't end so quickly, till we meet again.. Vegas :)
Girl please, your two faced, so hard to decide what face to slap first (y)
best writing music -
good luck at Keeneland this Saturday. That's the Fenway Park of horse tracks. Still pissed they switched to Polytrack, though
What are some #SEO fibs > facts?
thanks for the follow! Stoked for your tweets - diggin' your other handles!
LOVE YOU MORE
Californian and Latino people in the United States must have their own global literary phenomenon.
Nice try Jason Hammel, wish it would have happened for you.
This better be a good day...starting w/ my Motown/Golden Oldies playlist. Happy hump day y'all
That annoying moment when Blaine tries to stick his finger in my ear!
What's your favorite Drake song? (:
Just recovering from sat hangover #smh sucks ciroc and henn don't mix!
I'm also a natural writer & was always frustrated in school when I had to work w/ someone who just COULDN'T do it.
hahaha I'd also be scared!! 😁 the priest is gonna be like this 😱😲 lmao! Jk
It's cold today in #Iowa. Make sure kids are bundled up and warm if going outside!
thanks for stopping by the store yesterday Dave and Troy!! Black Friday
im pretyy good just a lil down my best frend gage isnt gonna b gay an i wanted him 2 b my bf but iz ok tho ill b ok
I going to throw up
Whatcha doing on Fat Tuesday? Wanna see Of Dolls & Murder before you get all crazy? Go to Mesa, AZ to the LoFi Coffee on Main Street.
Who DOESN'T love Toad the Wet Sprocket?
Mum&#39;s diet can stop child allergies
trying to figure some shit out!! money here I come
Let's follow the COPS back home and rob their houses.
call him that
now someone is playing the good stuff!
me too. Thanks LaVita
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your followers are tweeting about you while sitting in the same room as you
Camping was amazing with ❤❤
He's just chopping away
You know I'd fall apart without you I don't know how you do what you do 'Cause everything that don't make sense about me ..
Truth is like an eraser It gets smaller after every mistake.
": relax and stop tryin so hard let it come natural ..."
did u call ur mum??
I am wondering what adventures 2008 will bring.
prep the caffeine and fast digesting carbs!
Thanks to all who participated in the Friday Special! Stay tuned for next week's specials!! Requests?
where/when do you want to meet up on Friday?
How was #MrSunshine? Was it #Studio60 Perry,#FoolsRushIn Perry, #Friends Perry, or #AlmostHeroes Perry?
dang girl you lookin' too cute in your new icon ;)
I made it to Amarillo, TX! Next, off towards Lubbock!
did you start having gases from all that beano? it will cause you to fart and blurb!
Game three is over with a final score of 4 for the Rush and 1 for the Mavericks. That's three losses in a best of 7 series :-(
Tip: Don’t leave tools and lawn equipment in your yard, store them in a locked shed instead so your home isn't easy prey for burglars.
When visiting or talking to your loved one in custody, DO NOT discuss the case It IS being recorded!!!
Watching Family Guy!
OMG OMG
had to holler at non stop to catch the Joumana Kayrouz Dexter bus
I'm gonna knock you oouuuttt. Mama said knock you oouuuttt.
Huh, did I miss an announcement on this? RT I think the MCLA is taking over tourney streaming.
Maybe 15. But it's a bunch.
At the chiropractor hahaha stupid weight lifting...... But im excited for later. All day preformances and i get to babysitt a baby <3
nada dude, you?
Virtusa is hiring BPM experts. Opportunities across the nation from Hawaii to NJ for LSAs and SSAs. Please RT .
Chillen at the airport, already missing the beach and Miami :(
"Nice : Listening to #GetThatCashUp"
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
and finished the party too!! What fun!
His And Her Privately-inked Tattooing. His And Her Privately-inked Tattooing. Exciting New Ebook Plus Free Bonus. All You Ne
My Bang Finally Touches The Tip Of My Nose Lol Not Cuttin Dat Shxt Nomo
Ah, yes. That would explain it. Might also explain that weird finding... fewer balls leave the bat at those extreme angles?
Yup, officially gone off the deep end, & I don't swim well. Or tread water well for that matter. Metaphor & fact. Clever. Retarded. Nuts.
Not gonna lie. The batman teaser made me chub up a little.
I don't mind telling people "No"
I take that back somewhat, I have seen a few rants, but nothing really well-thought-out.
Can i come there?again that other person asked
The NCAA is more responsible my alcoholic intake than anything else.
What's good C-Town! S/O to the home team from the MIA!
When in Baltimore do as Baltimoran's do, Eat Crabs at one of Baltimore's world best crabs houses. Hot Steamed Crabs and MD crab cakes.
Dow crossed 13,000 for the first time since 2008 today
Hope it was helpful - thx for coming! RT : ": #YPWeek thanks for a great discussion!
where is my boyfriend ugh !
Typing up an estimate for a baseboard install and paint. Let us make your home improment dream be a reality, we'll brush right to it.
amazing work in A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE! Good luck with the rest of the run :)
why aren't the podcast available on itunes???????
' Anyways waitn on my babe to come!
last day of the business week! make sure you swing by for some lunch and dinner!
It shows someone returning my app. :(
Every time I say good bye, it feels like I got kicked in the stomach. Leaving home to head to Louisville.
gluten attack. happy birthday cupcakes and i'm about to pass out from lethargy.
OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER BUTT.........FAKE BOOTY!!! Lol aye u wrong for that lol
the first day we met drops of jupiter played&we mumbled the words, i wonder if you remember. I doubt you even know this is about you.. :/
Good morning all, have a great day and remember to eat your fruits and veggies!
Just got some water to a client in University District
Rise and grind. You got to get up, git out, and get something.
2 workshops this week- CD Jandiz Estrada & Talent agent Judy Boals. Two wonderful ladies as passionate about their job as I am about acting!
RT : Hipster neighbors are playing foursquare in our back patio area. Not checking in, the actual old school game.
All good, except I think missed you at Tuesday's Explosions in the Sky show...
Amazing #archer premiere. How do you top that?
ohh cool! Hows hospital duty? Can you take care of me now!? I still need a cute nurse to take care of me!
Did you know that you can order hardware online here: www.doitbest.com Over 60K items to choose from. Shipping to any of our stores is free!
My hips don't lie, and apparently my hips just welcomed a gay guy in a skirt to sit on my lap.
show me
Imagine if there was a way to see how many times you've visited a persons blog wow brie you'd be scared
please help me spread the word of missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht. last seen saturday on water street.
just added Internet Heading on Resume :)
n yalls secret is finally out, dammit...i knew it! The A is wut that is! So watcha puttin on the grill this weekend OG ;)?
On this road to riches its plenty tolls and bridges.
Death ends a Life, but it does not end a relationship!
Our EP Coming Alive to Fall Asleep is coming out tomorrow night at midnight!! Join the group to learn more Crashing Cars Online EP Release!
so lovin DC right now relaxin with my hunny bun
Running the lake kinda cloudy wish it was summer
Can't wait until #ArizonaTakeOverPt2 more importantly I can't wait until Arizona has been #TakenOverForGood!
Hahaha ... Biden just saw that Ted Nugent agreed to meet with SS. He said, "Damn, I hope he brings some underage hookers to the meeting!!!"
Thank you for hosting!
yo Deezy! give my boy Tim a shout tonight. We've made some major moves on the Buffalo Shout track
Family Guy with the Nazi soldier >>>
RT : As spring training heats up we r glad the Cubs stayed in Mesa AZ Right move for all involved Baseball jobs available h ...
AGHHHHHHH SHANE HARPER IS FOLLOWING ME!!!!!!
RT : He who covers over an offense promotes love, but whoever repeats the matter separates close friends. -Prov 17:9
Forget love - I'd rather fall in chocolate!
Lol. I'd rather sit back and enjoy watching it. RT : How about being a coach? I would love to be a coordinator
Normal class schedule today.
We Think You Might Need To Sit Down For This!
These lil answer hand movements lmao
Editing of EPISODE 3: JOHN AND BRITTANY has commenced with ! Pics to come!
could not have said it better!
Wow! I would never want to leave that room! Thanks for sharing.
OMG who remember the song "Macarena" that was our song as kids and dances was so funny to watch in the music video...lol
Called kalie to say goodnight, she's beautiful & I love her :*
8.9 EARTHQUAKE IN JAPAN.... TSUNAMI HEADING TOWARD HAWAII & the WEST COAST...
So nasty. At least you are on your way home!
sounds like fun...no rabies shots this time I hope mr manu
So theres this guy...
Observing til 4, then I'll be in Naperville.
Just had my last dress down day ever
Nashville is so beautiful today:)
Cards are Back on track
#Smash Showbiz Wisdom of the Week, " I just didn't want anyone to get hurt; well then let's get out of show business!"
Reading: "The Refugee," by Thomas McGuane.
RT : Dream because you can!
what's your favorite video game?:O
Mexican Blake Griffin
Birthday s/o to my bestie! I love you so much, miss you like crazy, and hope you have an amazing day and all your bday wishes come true <3
Yes indeed. Absolutely intolerable.
lol, there will b a new winner this year since the last 5yrs. Gone & take that crown clige & company!
They're weird for that twitter name tho..
I get to go to the Seahawks football game next Sunday I hope they win!
Justice for Trayvon Martin
Daisy is out having a ball
I'll keep it in mind.. :)
I'm a nobody, here to tell everybody, about somebody who can save ANYBODY!
: Looks great, but I have to ask, did you have flashbacks to July 9, 2009?
make us righteous." No one could carry out the works required by the law: they were burdensome and difficult to fulfill, not because of
good look bro seaport the music tell me what you think about them other joints when you can SAE
Damn. fuckin' killed it last night. Great live band.
Moving our code repository to git. Use the right tool for the job. On our way yo a better release process.
yep, just about every brand available to demo on the range. Hit irons, drivers & hybrids. There til 3 today. No cost
lol nothing like that!!!!i just wanna go to the "crunkest" graduation there is.
Damn that's even worse lol at least I got to work the afternoon shift so I guess I shouldn't complain
Booked a good part in a feature and a thing on travel channel.
we should throw that kid a party!
Not quite like the Black Hole Sun video but similar.
just gotta love all of my friends.
Dude, get with the program. Come out to LA. Haha
Reminder: Do one thing at a time. Just one.
Heading to for a class on DC's fair housing laws. Looking to buy or sell in DC? Call us at The !
that jacuzzi better watch out. Somebody might be on the prowl....
You are Welcome!
Id salute u anytime Leeann! :-P
Way I read the tiebreakers... if uofm beats NE and all 3 otherwise win out - uofm goes to Indy. 1st out is MSU-overall rec.
[insert something witty here]
I promise still, I got your back....
omg. i wish i was at this indians game :( or playing softball. it's gorgeous outside!
all the girls and Willie my brother cousin sister all of their fiancées and my mom! Its like 20 of us in the bus
wow, definitely want that, espeically the 1980 Almanac. Good catch.
Sorry to worry you...But thank you for checking on me. I really appreciate... I thought I was losing my mind..
Checking connection to all media outlets...do not reply...
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in time of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality. - Dante
Happy Thanksgiving everyone, may we have a reason to be thankful everyday of our lives. :)
Thanks! Wishing you a wonderful New Year!
it makes perfect sense, I lower my defenses as well when being snuggled.
Get to sipping big man...you've got some writing to do this weekend!
What's up bro? U heard that chris Dave mixtape?
Wait last one for tonight #100thingsilove #21 being a kid.
I can see and there are no metal bits digging into my face. Hurrah!
I had a dream that I was in a porn last night. At least the back drop was pretty awesome.
He ain't gotta have money or a brand new truck, but he better shake my daddy's hand when he comes to pick me up...
#Sagittarius where MB will take you on your birthday: a private movie screening
Get ready Augusta Ga! For Mayfest 2012 I'm going to bring the praise! Along with some great talented friends. See you there!
I blame microwave ovens RT: I dont get this modern day nonsense of thinking it all has 2 be wrapped up months before convention
I am following u
What a nice drive with !
Reggie Evans just got a #technical for high-fiving his teammate Blake Griffin
#FF Smart and Sassy
you can but It won't be as great IMO.
#HappyEaster to everyone. Hope this Sunday gives you joy and peace.
makes me wonder: are those people who are always able to speak off the cuff just more passionate than you & me?
Surviving is important. Thriving is elegant. -Maya Angelou
beautiful out already!
I bet there is nothing like Christmas in Connecticut. I want to retire there someday. Having a white Christmas I take it?
did my solution answer your problem?
Just left my moms
Lots of HF-Twestival love today. Thanks everyone. Spread it to your other networks too (email, Facebook)
Are you serious bro my mom's tripping out cuz im gonna be gone for two days?
Retweeting a joke about Hellen Keller and then instantly retweeting a bible verse?? Haha wow
hey beautiful :-)
How bad I want to go to London!♥
RT : Nearly 73,000 home-based businesses want to upgrade their broadband, but the service available to them is too slow.
I'm gonna get a tattoo of a butt and put in on my butt!
I like you, yes your cute, but my health comes before sex 😁
-you go girl! It's easy to encourage someone with fire in their belly - you had a ton. I just noticed it was burnin' up the room.
I find it a pretty compelling idea. I'm totally going to stockpile some awesome tweets for if I get picked. ...
a sky full of lighters <3
Only 6 ppl attended Thomas Paine's funeral because of his criticisms of Christianity in the Age of Reason. Poor fella.
new single "La La" is on power 96.5! So excited!!!
yeaaaahhhhhhh I listened to it like all day yesterday!!!!! Its REAAALLLYYYYY good!!!! Ah NO
Honestly, is it a good idea to throw a ball at a ref?
We're staying at the Courtyard Marriott West End. Either one should be fine. Good luck to you guys as well!
How in the world is that a flagrant? Kobe went for the ball.
i tweet way too much!
Girls think I get more pussy than I actually get. Chicks always call me a whore but it's really not quite the case lol
Tonight you can find me co-hosting just like karaoke but w/ a live band where U sing and We Play:-)
hahahah I was shocked. (:
Ya I'm bout it bitch
Whoever hacked is now hacking David. RT : Come on a cone. Nuff' said.
How many grandmothers does Mitt Dinner have? Hint, 5.
RT : hehehe :) no thx necessary - best s/w purchase I've ever made <--I second that. Use it daily.
No refunds of eventual subscription fees will be given under any circumstances
Nope, Barcelona.
Cool! I thought it was just me. Lol
Badgers have a shot to shock March Madness tonight!
sorry that was in response to your tweet about driving to Dallas lol
Rush in and have one with our homemade shoe string friest!
Become A Vegan On A Real World Budget - CBS Local
Da scale told me I weigh 145 but my body feelin like 300#drained#
Man, and I thought Monday sucked.
Have seen those Campbell's commercials where they show the wife opening a can of soup and pouring it over rice or noodles for dinner?
CASTING CALL: Auditions for "Sweeney Todd" May 12 & 13.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wayfinding - valuable info at optimal decision points -- touchscreens are great at this+offer great visuals! Have you seen in DC?
AFPW is a go! Co rolled out some fantastic updates this week~next week should start a serious party! Last run .0015--->.0097
According to Carlos Cortes, the new Diversity issue to confront higher ed will be age. An important digital divide audience.
What is your favorite band and why. 140char limit suckas!!!
So no woman is told choice to be childless is an act against society
RT : Thank god for half off sandwiches at today!!<--- the prices are half off but the favor is fully delicious
The price is right might be my new/old favorite show
Satisfaction is the best Rolling Stones Tribute show on the planet. Go see them May 4th @ the Pasquerilla Performing Arts Center.
If you folks aren't busy on Sat. we are having a one year Anniversary party! Come on in and see what we have done to the store!
YES. Sitcoms of the 70s/80s for a $1000, Alex!
Great crowd at DCGOP Lincoln-Douglas Dinner!
getting ready to launch our #Kickstarter campaign in less than 2 wks! are you ready?
RT for S/O
if I were to see perfection in suffering it would be unfair to those suffering.
Right on : : fear could potentially hold you back from your dreams. Let it go. Embrace life. Love this!!! Thanks
ONE MORE DAY until I'm partying it up for my 21st!! 🎉
I suspect the current success/craze of Kickstarter biz model will be decided by which games see the light of day and their quality.
thanks! I like your name too! :)
Going to continue my paper. =)
Going to the Crawfish festival today!
congrats on hitting two home runs tonight #yayo=napoli
Knock KnockWho's there !Benjamin !Benjamin who ?Benjamin the blues !
The man's job is to make the woman look great while dancing. It is the only job. The woman's job is to follow and only to follow.
Come hang out with Rucker from 98.9 Radio Now at Impellizzeris downtown. Grab some free CDs and great pizza
Education is the most important part of the human being. Motivation will help you to reach your goal and become valuable to the society.
good to meet you guys! Root for us during our alpha pitch
thats not going to feel good in the morning ...
Better be quick... I'm only press for 85 more hours, and a couple of them will be spent at the dentist.
“: listening now. great song...ur vocals are amazing” <<Thank You B, Miss ya..;)
Rumors are just as fake as the people who started them.
Let's play the blame game, I love you more. Let's play the blame game for sure.
Does flood insurance only cover water damage, or does it also protect you in baby drool related disasters?
Wow, Kristie - that's so beautiful. Also a reverie garden, I'll bet.
intertitle graphic uses a leading zero for the day but not the month = why???
One Week Away From Ft. , , & Feb 16th Get Your Tickets Fast!
looking forward to Colorado in the morning!
Sick... 16 hours of sleep and I wake up to my wife with the same pukey understanding of what I dealt with yesterday and now I feel bad 4 her
#Nf thanks for the Follow! I'm honored.😊
lol. I'm always amazed at how static your position is though. I don't think I've ever seen you leave home! :-D Creepy
"Think big and don't listen to people who tell you it can't be done. Life's
Tripled road trip to be in chapel hill for tonites game... totally worth it already.
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
You're one of those "this looks cool, so I'm gonna buy it cuz only champs buy cool things, and I'm a champ" shoppers.
Tweet me if you are MAHOMIES
thanks friend! Nice to be back.
ohh haha I hate when my parents get exactly what I didn't want!! Always happens!
The #timelapse installation is 2 hrs of gorgeous Seattle-centric visuals...1hr to loop in day, and 1hr to loop at night.
Half way done with my homework.😁
Mr. Lin A.K.A. Linsanity, we want to welcome you to the SOBE, home of the hottest team in the NBA: The Miami Heat.
Ty Lawson's sister gave me a bj in high scjoll
Cute picture :)
thanks. Took a few weeks off. This might hurt.
Success comes to those who strive for it!!!
"_____ is dumb. People like talking about you because you're cool." Even if it's a lie, friends know how to make me feel better.
:) So hows it going?? OMG it's been a long ass day, think I may do the opposite of you and unwind Bel Ami goodness ;)
Well if you like that check out our single. Party Life by Sardar #8 most digitally played worldwide #1 by an independent.
no problem!(:
Only 1 week until !
thank u sir!
i hope not...LOL..i was watching some youtube videos..i think i'll be fine..LOL
I wouldn't be surprised if the Bears traded down from their 3rd rounder. Get more picks. Right now only 6 after Alshon trade.
Watching SyFy. This show Fact or Faked is pretty interesting O_o
was trying to shop some awesome online black friday deals--but the modem just died! grrrrrrrrrr
Sometimes the truth hurts.
RT: Yoon Jong Shin to Leave Super Star K
Dear Magazines, please stop insulting me w "offer" to renew for $20 for being a good customer & then offer new subscribers a $12 rate
And....can you make it happen there?
Congrats, guys, on the collaboration. Sounds like it was a terrific experience. Fun too!
r u serious? See what I originally replied to? Not about any documentary. Relax.
2012 be there tomorrow morning.
With 3 shows coming up, we're hoping you're not giving up for Lent!
WHEN are you going to come visit ? I need a reason to meet you guys at
RT Miniscule amounts of radionucleides detected in California. Approximately one billion times beneath dangerous levels.
Xfinity - Because Comcast Is Evil... And We're Not.
Totally unimpressed by the Avengers trailer ;( OMG Am I gonna see crap spewing ducks soon?! Am I turning into Stan Marsh!?
RT : Try the Wee Mac! RT : Finally had the Cream Ale. You all were right. Nectar of gods.
Thanks for following. We personally use your products everyday.
I'll be back for mint juleps soon! ;)
hahaha I just hope I didn't jinx us! I love you :)
Laken got me in a WCAR mood.
#RockConcert everybody let's rock
family >>>> greatest love of all.
yeah. Ha my mom doesnt like Chessa :\ she did whitney soo good!
Show of hands: who's ever walked down 8th Ave on a Sat afternoon and asked someone if they were going to Junior tonight? You know who u are.
You call your wife 'Puppy'? :) Funny--I call my husband that! (or Pup, Puppers...)
“I create culture not content. If I create a successful culture everything else falls into place.” William Beshears #fundforteachers Fellow
Move Along.
#Omg so #fridaynight got #wasted #jagermister. And i broke this chair. Then smoked a #blunt GodsGirl777
Is delicious RT : Five Guys!
I dont think its a banner year for the Lakers
what is all this talk about Bahja I need to be updated loll
:D HEY! How are YOU?! It's always so good to hear from you.
Will minecraft come to the iPhone/ iPod touch in the future?
Glad you saw it. Kimi was only 3 seconds out of P1.
"Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement." Foster C. Mcclellan
Incredible things come from incredible dreams- InSpotter mobile app
there's still time....
I have a dream... that one day, paki boys () and pali girls (me) will join hands and unite -MartinLutherKingJunior
Boy, do I envy talented graphic designers...
What's Up with people and the need to be.. #Cool ? Do you, you're better off. You look at it through eyes of the mind, view with the Soul
About to to go lift at the high school. This should be interesting!
Will you follow back please? :)
the awkward moment when...screw you haha :)
Michigan plays Illinois tonight in a battle of 2 NCAA Tourny "bubble" teams. Too bad game not on Nt'nl TV: UM's Darius Morris=fun to watch.
thanks for clarifying that for me. :)
fantastic! how'd the screening go? on the way to refuel party at the hangar if ur up for some beerz.
Amazing day!(: lots of fun lookin forward to my game tomarrow!(:
DON'T CALL ME THATTT5gayabsbsisjb
I liked your facebook page!
"A potent, immediate novel." No thanks.
I'm jealous. Of you being at roadhouse that is, not clowns. You hate clowns because we watched "It" when we were little 😊
That moment when you're at your meet four hours before your event! 😡
We're Always Open!
Please follow me(:
thanks! I have not heard of Looking Glass. Looks interesting--might be something I can add to my arsenal. :)
Getting Complete Makeup Kits Ready For #MissUsa ...(thats ALOT of makeup lol )
Join at Yoga Island tomorrow! will be there, support spreading yoga & mediatation to the youth of NYC!!
read this and text me im an ass. but I wont go as low as u are. posting a picture of u and ur bf with my daughter. I have more class than u
I act like shit don't phase me, inside it drives me crazy. My insecurities could eat me alive.
Nicki Do You Have An Instagram!!!! ?????
Why are you so sexy?!
From Masa to Neta - New York Magazine
no "View to a kill" it's got Walken!
I love
Weebles are wobbling, please don't fall down
No matter how hot it is we have to have a damn cover! #black shit
Just unloaded the cars and saw the inside of my new home for the first time. It's soo cute! Can't wait to unpack and decorate.
STILL SEARCHING for a SR ACCOUNTANT w/ a FINANCIAL ANALYST background. Stable; large company. INTERVIEWING NOW!!! call me @ 813-207-2871
Thanks for following, Cassie!
What is a Topic that you would like to hear on and Ill let you know when i cover it in one of my webinars/seminars/calls
Good morning followers. It's been a couple days. Busy busy.... But its still..... A beautiful day to entertain....
Best line ever!!! ": I'm right on top of that, Rose!"
Last night was amazing. Not that I don't love my kitty, but James is more cuddley
Rugrats really I'll fuck with you right now insomnia
informed me that your new go-to word is trendy. That's my favorite word. Pick a new one or become my apprentice.
My fashion magazine comes out next month!! Its called VIBRANT! Check it out at vibrantmags.com and become a follower
RT : Less than a month to vote! Vote YES on SAGAFTRA Merger! Every vote counts!!
early morning java shift
Slowly working my way out of this rabbit hole
Welcome us to the Twitter Community!
looks great! SAWH (Hm, just autocorrected to sawhorse) is lucky to have you doing their page - nice work!
u make it alive?
Stop into Beckett's and escape the dreary weather outside. Enjoy Happy Hour and half price beef burgers until 7pm!
bright's passage is a great read, highly recommended!
Tonight's ChopHouse, cast your official vote:Long or Short hair for this Flapper.While deciding, drink copious martinis &applaud! 6:30
you should have just had another Guinness!
awesome! I was hoping to see you but maybe spring football game
Thank you! facebook.com/fitforthepart
Yes! In the edit thing along the right, scroll down .. if you have any of those #s, just click the magnifying glass next to it.
#PeopleNeedToStop look and listen
Hey, I know how to sew on a button! I was just reading the manual for my machine.
Our show at Stacked Pickle (Carmel) is Sat April 27....and starts at 9:30!! Wait that's tomorrow...COOL! See you there!
RT RT V.Quote "I'm always fascinated by the way memory diffuses fact." - Diane Sawyer (1945 - )
Drinking coffee and cleaning.....maybe not a good idea at 11:35pm. Oops.
depends on who you talk to about Chicago, some people are constantly angry-particularly the guy you quote.
- most are purely for hygienic purposes. If I counted vanity products I'd be up around 30 ;)
Did you know? Mark Twain filed for #bankruptcy in 1894!
Nothing better than eating some at some fast food restaurants!
So call me maybe :).... Thank u for getting that song stuck in my head again >_<
You can mark My words "comeback player of the year" potential a cy young
In the end, people who stick around with you through the good & bad times are the ones who worth it all.
bad ass RT : I was walking with my shirt halfway off at p.e and B lunch today
You don't realize what you had until she's not there.
I need to stop hoping for the best on people. It's always just a let down.
oh very nice
Amazing! Client down 43 pounds in just 9 weeks! Way to make the choices to support your goals!!!!
that's what's up .
What software or db program do you recommend for archiving a personal scrapbook collection? Would like to be add tags & comments
A reasonable sized SSD and iTunes are incompatible - even with the actual music on a different drive.
On Shabbat, May 8, following Kiddush, join Rabbi Kassorla in the OVS Main Sanctuary for a special 45-minute healing service.
ohh that's cool:)
tony we got beef!!
follow me please ¡¡
-- Sponsored by The Aetrex GPS Shoe -- Click Here to Follow Code Amber on Twitter
I like bacon! Nothing burps better than bacon! Bacon! Bacon! Bacon! Now... what do you want to eat? Bacon?
So who is going to tonight's TNT at Buzz Ballston? Ready to watch me kick some ass?
Thank you! It's quite busy out there.
This weather is crazy; all I want time did is sleep!
Thanks Chuck! The video of the hat for Washington State Parks was great too.
Today's BTU inspiration: "My friends have made the story of my life." ~Helen Keller
been up for a few hours now... but good morning bi-polar new york weather
Tonight. 8pm. Open Fist Theatre. stars in the newly-extended DEAR JOHN MAYER. Last 4 shows!!
The goal of any Christian relationship is to honor God. Are you honoring him w your thoughts, actions, dates? Be intentional.
I had a lovely lunch with my lady...
thank you for Dirty Barbie! Totally familiar and totally new at the same time. Makes me proud to be a woman.
.....that you have a cute profile pic. lol
miss you and kevin...xo nancy -- Rochester misses you guys
Good job dude, that would be a cool place to cut a jazz record
okay thanks V much
I Absolutely would!
Watching dailies of -- man, and scenes are awesome. You guys were phenomenal!
Cleaned the entire house. Unpacked everything. Laundry you name it I did it. Off to the U.P. For some much needed R&R Back to reality Wed.
WE appreciate the follow. Nice to meet you Kevin.
Fashion on the Fly: Minka Kelly Keeps it Cute & Casual at LAX (PHOTOS) Even dressed down, Minka Kelly looks gorgeous! The Friday Night Li
Obviously written by someone w/no brains! RT : jason kidd = stupidest player in the nba. he does the funniest things.
Awww yea let's go Racers!!
I love matzo! “: Bad time for me to give up wheat as it is actually making that matzo look like a delicacy.”
I get you guys at 8:30
I'm all about my virgin socks. Non of these sluts that have been around.. Yes I meant socks
Fan of the TV show Deadliest Catch? The Breakfast Show has exclusive audition tapes up next
Having a great MHC DC board meeting tonight. Stay tuned for some great spring events!
These are terrific! Thanks for sending.
I am watching Designing Women.
The blog posts from were long & endless & they became the must-go-to place for info. Soon he was on PBS, NPR... It was amazing.
I admit to that when it come to video games I'm a sore loser
