Kenny Smith just picked U of L on with They're live from NOLA. What you think about Kenny's prediction?
already done baby =)
would DOMINATE #GrudenQBCamp because his skill, knowledge of the game, personality & plus #Gruden LOVES da !!
Or use Michelle's invite code!
Down by the river listening to Counting Crows
Wats good wit u
Dramatic Pick=Up line!!! Oh no, I'm choking! I need mouth to mouth, quick!
#lilboosie found #notGuilty of his murder trial ... Zoom
I peeled 2 pounds of Jerusalem artichokes tonight and it was one of the hardest things I've ever done!
Any producers in Dallas wanna jam hit me up
I hope doesn't shave anytime soon. I've decided to grow a bread. I'm sure my wife won't mind.
Bad Ass
No callers and talk State all day. That should implode a few slappy heads.
I feel like I'm on 8 mile
Warm and exciting, World Champion Packers ready to repeat and Brewers leading the NL Central, sweeping the Cubs this weekend.
I teach and wanted my younger students to go directly to Sumo Site, public school issue w/byline - great tutorial
"how many people are in your family?" "a little over 423,000." (;
Utah in '98 was by far my worst. This was a really fun team to root for. Thanks for the great work this season.
Say it ain't so.
I just don't trust skins to do anything right
Do you still get it if you didn't buy the map pack? (
#ThingsIwantTheMost Sleep, at the moment.
RT Do business in you local community. Local Businesses provide local jobs that provide local money to be spend in the local economy.
hey bro.. sorry about your studio burning down, damn shame, good luck on the rebuilding.. Lee
The prison break scene in ghost protocol is a great way2start a movie... Got2love a movie whose main character was born in wi
Junior Seau. Oh my God. Such sad news. Is this true? Shot and killed at home????
Tomorrow is the last day for our Free June Jam Sessions - Sign up by noon for the last classes of the day! blog.qbgal.com
Good Morning Peeps
My life as a Northern in the South...RT : If u don't end every statement you make with 'because God says so'
you could come visit and um not drink.....
Attending State of the City where a member of sang the National Anthem.
currently ordered alphabetically by domain name, almost as useless as randomly.
At great White House Roundtable this a.m. at w/FTA Administrator Peter Rogoff advocating collaboration btw transit &
I hope so! I want to start a franchise
Jealous of the people who'll witness #supermoon tonight. Can't really see it from our window. Goodnight! Be safe on a Saturday!
Wow- the wind is howling outside our office!
I wear ALL BLACK and people ask "Who died?" I just look up and say "The Competition."
Thanks for the laff. I'm just being a good Public Info Officer and following folks of note.
Thru the ups and downs she always smile ..i get that trait from her
I love Josh Hamilton!! ;)
New pancake special: Blackberry Chocolate Chip!! get em' while you can...... www.eggfast.com
#LSU Has given up. #Alabama is going to go all the way. #BCSChampionship But still...
What's the difference between an elevator and a Mexican? One can raise a child.
Andre MIller is old enough to be Matt Barnes' dad. How does he go right around him like that?
cant even tell you the emotional roller coaster comcast put me on today. thank god for curse words (and wine... obviously)
The measure of a man's real character is what he would do if he knew he would never be found out. - Thomas Babington Macaulay
RT : Can Interviewers Insist on 'Shoulder Surfing' Your Facebook Page? CIS Resident Fellow Aleecia McDonald interviewed...
hey guys if you haven't dont forget to follow nd our awesome manager & keep on with the #ff's!
Yeah and I could be Jesus of all roles.
Back in the studio today, and my voice is struggling. Pray for me that I make it successfully thru these next two weeks!!
If the picture that was tweeted of 'Montee Ball' being arrested was what this came from, I'm chalking it up to [day] drunk hearsay.
Billy get a new twitter?
hot hipster girl rock stars make me nervous.
Is there a way to print a Basecamp project, or export it as a file that can print?
Visiting this morning! Tune in!
who's online?
BUMPER STICKER - "You have to be present to succeed." Showing up and working hard is 99% of success. DO IT TODAY!
Hope you are having a "Sweet" Day!
Loved the Algorithms quote!!!! See you soon at the EXPO!! xo, :D
what do you mean by next pages?
anything worth fighting for takes the extra effort.
"Enthusiasm spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment." - Norman Vincent Peale
I'm good now.. so she tried 2 say she was sorry.....
Nice! That's long title tho, can you shorten it up? Short and sweet always wins!
sorry we won't be able to save any :(
love the surfing pics. Sometimes people forget that you're still a kid.
When you know why you want success at your core, you'll discover the freedom you long seek.
Haha, thanks so much glad you liked it!!
it's the camera angle. Didn't have time to take another 1... But him & Dan are both the same height. Seen then 2gether
Thanks for the RT! Share your unique referral link to win some free apps!
How did it go???
RT : Mark Feldman on the environmental photography of + Inspired by
because they paid him to say that
Agreed, those flat bill hats are awful.
that's wassup man, congrats - def stay safe though. This country is crazy....
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud
I need to go to the tables with you.
You can't give me the best pancakes in the world, then take them away!
Great column this week, damn shame scumbags ruin it for good coaches wouldn't be man I'm today wo coaches, lost my dad young
Karaoke dance party.
Taco bell <3
Going door to door today asking permission to remove signs in Clairemont. Got 33 signs in my back seat now!
;; My brother and I were playing monopoly then his mate called and my bro completely left me . I was like , "Uhm , thanks ?"
I start driving back on Saturday! It's very soon, but I can't wait to get back.
The kinds and I are heading out to zauber us some flöte.
thanks for the blog mention! we're in Chicago too, a little closer to you :)
One day you will realize what you had in front on you, but by then, I will be gone...
my point is avg people are losing anything but psychological wages in doing so
He fell for her rapping abilities.
Just waking up !!!
Huntsman: 5th generation of Chinese party officials is much more nationalistic, will be a challenge for US
size of whatb
Waking up to birds chirping (:
You guys aren't enjoying this game?
You're too sweet to me Mason.
my friend made that! where did you get it?
Nice-- had only seen a blurb from that one. Hadn't read it yet.
Miss you! Come visit!
Are there any Upper St. Clair choir singers tuned in? You sound great over the airwaves!
Childish Boys ..Turn Off
love it. can you help me coordinate my closet into outfits? seems like things fit together, but not sure how. a puzzle.
he was on again?
finally home
The #Flyers so need Ilya #Kovalchuk to get healthy as soon as possible. #Devils Somebody get him TO's
In Ohio now. Thinking of you. Happy you can be there for your mom. Hugs back!
Will be done by tomorrow! Just for you though.
Scent-sational candles and lucious fragrances. gotta see them!
In truth the audio was far more haunting. :-)
Feel free to leave any comments about our website. Your kind advice can help us improve our service.
I sent you some info about us, hope you can check it out!
I love , hes like my older brother <3
Happy Birthday to my beautiful daughter!! I love you baby girl!
It's up for discussion, and definitely more than 140 characters long.
I believe the Lakers may be a bit tired tonight but I expect OKC to be rusty.
Driving to sonic to get my mommy ice cream, #SuchAGoodDaughter...she is so lucky to have me.(: lol
Love this! Thank you for your constant prayers for all of us!
& Thanks for the welcome back from my mini-twitter vacation. :)
yeah, I will. Ivan give you his number. 317-474-8765
What would you change about your smile? Elliot wants a whiter smile. how about you?
shut up!! That's so cheap!!!! Do they have a good class schedule?
Love the name Green it Baby!
The grill never flares up when your standing next to it.
How was dinner last night?
I say what I feel, I could care less about how you feel.
teddy bear I bought put in toys for tots box Tag on bear in from:put my name & sisters name I have been told is going to die from cancer
welcome to Twitter!
Now following the beautiful Rose
i will follow you if you follow me :)
#CNN The Jacksons now on Piers Morgan!
Well according to what I see ya tweet, I'm the only nigga that thinks Meek Mills is Wack.
I am looking an antique dealer who is looking for a A-B Battle Creek stove Circa1920's. workable and excellent condition.....Need to price
hate living in the UK , you too far away ): , pleasee follow me <3 ! 3
Have honestly never watched #ghost hunters but am excited to watch #Meredith Viera tonight!
well.. one thing you can never have too much of...air and HDD/SDD space 2tb sounds good... too bad that's not me...
it's too early to be at The Shannon!
Gettin ready for tomorrows music video shoot for south coast records,Stupid genious!
Spoiler: it's really awkward to be in the delivery room with a screaming person you don't know very well.
TANKS FOR FOLLOW ME
Bout to listen to that #dreamchaser2 mixtape
woot! “: Working on the craziest-cool, wheeliest best new cycling caps for Setting a new bar.”
feel better.. you are too beautiful to be upset!
same outfit every week & #YouWannaImPressMe ??
jus wanted youu to know that your #BEAST :)
Right. I've had enough of this Pixel Junk 4Am stuff. I want 4Am on an iphone and I WANT IT NOW. Hell, I'll write it!
r u kidding me man, Romeo sux!
Footprints in the fresh snow looks nice
Listening to a table of literature professors trying to out-pretentious each-other. This is fantastic.
i will not make it to 11pm
it seems to me like your a queer with no life. See we both have opinions.
Learning isn't about competing with anyone. It's about being yourself.
I have done so much for my brother at school while he gets to stay home all day. He better love me
I'm excited about #beyondorganic too! On a side note, I have a voice student singing "It's Your Life" at a concert soon!
We honor the men and women who have faithfully served our country to protect our freedom. Today we toast to you. CHEERS!
lol RT : When i masturbate i nut everywhere...
tut go away
and - Check out the podcast to hear your tweets mentioned. , we apologize ahead of time - nothing but love!
is showing Harry and the Hendersons and serving Yeti tonight. Brilliant.
G.M.N.I.: Being drunk is not an excuse. I'll hold you accountable for any & everything you say to me.
There was a Borders joke on the Simpsons and both Mr Lush and I cackled evilly. >:)
Found a very rare book last week in the collection! Bit more research required, but it looks like it might b the only copy left in the U.S.
it has changed peps lives 4 the better. use ur experiences lik this one 2 as a steppin stone 2 do better, be better!
I wanna a IPOD or a Ipad
I want more KFC :|
Watching the NPF chamionship game on ESPN! Love watching and listening to
The pendulum creates backlash.
you are totally wrong lol
crazy, that movie is longer than 3 hours.
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time
Medgalai D'Oro instant espresso coffee not as bad as I imagined it would be.
On my way to #pasorobles for a day of wine tasting. Any places I have to try?
Whadd up FOCUS !!
yea it was great. Griffin was a beast, Jeff Teague was all over the place & Joe Johnson had the shot of the night. Very fun.
That's an idea. How far is the drive? 2-3 hrs?
I can't call it
yes yes of course .. It'd be nice to have you here too.. And even including Lucca ;-)
is having a great Easter holiday, I did even the traditional Bulgarian "egg-fighting", lol :)
How does the near-universal recognition and knowing embrace of "pious baloney" crack jibe with M Romney's supposed electability....?
Yea buddy #aye RT : u in NYC?? I haven't seen U in a min
If John Mayer had lived in Nazi Germany, he probably would've written a song called "Your Body Is Der Fatherland."
a belated thanks to for the RT. y'all should follow their twitter, good source for conferences, seminars, and the like.
Thank you so much for the #FF!
Happy birthday Ellen
I really gotta see this commercial
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Roasted Tomato and Butternut Squash. Sugar free Lemonade Cucumber Mint.”
ill see you there! Let's rape and pillage the town
Aw. Thanks doll! It was amazing! :D
Hey sluts...HE CAN"T BE YOUR SUPERMAN!
MR ROCHESTER: Nonsense! We don't fire people for little things like cannibalism here at Thornfield Hall!
I can now #Follow everyone back!!!
Those born today will live longer than ever
Hunger Games tonight(:
Thrilled to announce a Creative Conversation for #mla13 with and ! Hyperpluralingualism, language policy, and more!
And... The Super Bowl XLVI Pregame Show to feature Lenny Kravitz & The Fray. Get your tickets now by calling at: 888-493-0004
Lazy creative isn't #creative. It's factory labor. Do you operate a machine or a paintbrush?
Ghost Rider 2? Really? What studio genius keeps giving Nicolas "Cage" Coppola work???
Just bought the new SKYRIM theme for my 360. Had not changed it since Oblivion, so it was time. Will most likely have this one until ES6.
People be calling 20bbs preflop with 800 left with 24s and only getting 300 worth of value postflop :/
I really want food. #BigTime .
Too much good TV tonight...darn had to skip the gym! Watching #TheVoice and the
first year of college ... When the planes hit the towers a week later I found out my pops had cancer...
#3DAYS TILL TRAIN TRACKS OFF!! #BRACESOFF !!! :)
#BOy I don't care if you think you have "swag". Just pull up your pants & walk faster.
Snow in the east! Only clouds and cool temps here. Whew! Glad we didn't see any of that this weekend.
The next time a Fakers fan tries to defend World Peace, I'm showing that replay. Three weeks removed from that concussion incident—no excuse
well I don't know if you want me to pray but I will.
I cant remember who else was there with us! but reunion with my #johncannon ladies asapp☺😜
Finally, the show begins. FOO FIGHTERS!!!
same to you brother! Thanking God you are preaching his gospel.
*i log into twitter* ok so people arguing, people talking, RTs, *start to get bored, then i see pic* DAYUMMM!!!!
Watch out for mighty sistar!!
who's ur vote?
is developing a twitter strategy for a client who is a senior executive at a Seattle software company
I love #evernote...trying to get more teachers in my building to sign up and start using.
Gosh I love dance parties.
Oops... You used all your chances with me!
Adding on more projects including designing websites for startups in Silicon Valley. Our client coverage is nation-wide.
it's kool u can't win em all I'm sure the gonna bust the pacers as game 4. It will be a interesting series tho
My pockets on full and so is my gas tank.
Chillin with my best friend dani montero
Why is my life not like a Disney movie?
MOS Certifications recommended.
Congrats Steve! Definitely bittersweet, i'm sure, but I agree new experiences are the most exciting.
may I know who is popping on April 7th.
Just now prepating the hottub for the storm..
So happy for d;
then you should "express how you feel" to my face .
Any punk fans shouldn't be missing at tonight.
I will try to... Gosh
I'm so sorry mother for making you do things when you got home form work! I'm so sorry! Now, I understand! No babies for me :)
thank u for pressing city officials. They r not doing their job, public safety!
Cloud Gate is an excellent choice. Think you could sail it across the pond? Thanks, Glenn!
Got a job interview! YAY <3
fake smiles from tha people who really envy u,they dnt like u at all but they pretend they do
no, lol. We almost did then decided not to. What are you guys doing?
only random acts of violence/nature/God which all happen for a reason. All the rest are just First World problems. You feel me?
(I hope) Sparks fly as we collide...
easy Chip. LOL!
RT "Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought."~J. Swift
mess me on xbl my tag: BEATDOWN STREAM
"I could be a gentleman" then he proceeds to put his hands all over a barely dressed girl. Someone needs to tell Justin what a gentleman is.
when I meet Justin I'm gunna be like "hey I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number so call me."
I thought obama was an athlete? He couldn't even throw a pitch to home plate! Probably all the cigarettes.
call me when you get home & don't let the Chocolate Drops influence you LMAO
I just brushed a dog's teeth. He was neither thrilled nor amused.
Not picking a fight. I love the book (fantastic narrative writing). But inclusive language would be nice.
ALL WINTER ITEMS ON SALE!!! COME DOWN AND STOCK UP!!
Today Business Costco 222 MLK 89106 across from Walker Furniture from 11 am - 2 pm!! Stop by for lunch and Italian Ice!!
Love #football Sunday's
Send rejects I'll use em' Thanks.....
who wants to write my bioooo?
Thank you!
What are you planting or have planted for this spring season?
GAG!! #CBSBigBrother can shove it now!! I hate you and refuse to watch the train wreck that is
real upset right now
wow that was a great tweet wishing you much success with the new you
Its also my moms birthday today
It's fun looking at all the prom pictures. :)
A warm welcome back to from Dubai! Hope you got all the sun you wanted =). See you Monday!
that is why you are going to make a great CVP #2legit 2quit
tweet me the pic.
solid pick up.
you did!?
The douche that ruined college for me sent me a friend request on Facebook. I accepted. Why? Because he needs to know I'm better without him
Those are some good choices. :)
We r on same team re: electing #kaine but as a NYer & given #knicks gutsy play despite decimated backcourt cant agree on hoops
yess lol crazy right!! But how are things? Are u still with the boy?
NOBOBY's GONNA LOVE YOU LIKE I DO. NOBODY'S LIKE ME. IM SPECIAL. ♥
I will be home for Christmas and I would love that :)
Giants to win line has gone from +130 b4 kickoff to -178 right now.
feeling better :)
RT : If the work gets done and the performance is there why do some "managers" focus on the when employees work?
is remembering the roof of the Lafayette house and the mass amount of people that congregated on it.
Enjoying a nice weekend. Celebrated our 24 years with my staff it was a great time
I would have to be late. We have a memorial service at noon for the ppl who donated their bodies as cadavers.
Come and enjoy a Hot Cross Bun at Provence today! Only 60 cents a piece.
Aw, I miss Sarah! And you're right. We are adorable!
its friday,friday, gotta get down oon friday :) ~I<3 u this big
Well, I fail reading comprehension.
keep going though, really, this appears to be great for my blog statistics.
RT what's your favorite unsigned band?
telling the truth is the only way to do it though. i've received similar emails before too.
Aye what was that you were saying bout the squad big bruh? Lol.
Somebody tell Seinfeld that the guy who stole his puffy shirt is at the Fashion Square Car Wash. And he has paired it with a tweed vest.
Based on the Jobs bill, pretty sure that, despite never taking a finance course, I have a better fiscal understanding than alot of Congress.
just like how civil rights takes freedom away from white people
I love that song! But Conway Twitty's version is so much better
the fact that Na played so well despite whatever it was going on in his head was insane! Tough for caddie as well
Whatever happened to Lauryn Hill man?
Can anyone guess how many times the word #Rochester is mentioned in the Governor's State of the State?
JOEY IS HERE!! :D
Patio is open! What a beautiful day!
My MacBook Pro is beachballing me into a frenzied nerd rage. I really wish Apple would refresh their iMac line so I can get one. Now. 😠
I wish I could get a follow
nasty. But cute ;D
Q4 coming up with a side of eggs, hash browns and yes...
I'll start with one. Still kind of skeptical on wearing dresses and being girly haha
Spring, the season of cats yowling. Damned cats invading Katsa and Tux's yard
ok maybe not that much but it was a lot last i checked.
Libros Schmibros' move is taking a bit longer than expected & reopening at Mariachi Plaza has been delayed. Stay tuned for more information!
Ah yes, read all about it [The Jones Surname]
thanks man
gonna be up late...smh
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ;)
mmhm...sadly I did. But hey good thing we grow and learn lmao.
You are the best Ive ever had(: and I can honestly say that Im falling more and more for you everyday<3 I like you to much!(:
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
Bored outta my mind at work who is up?? Outta all of my followers surely someone can entertain me for a little while lol
thanks for your interest, next time we are in the area we'll visit
Bye bye #twitter and #facebook. Hello If you need me, text or talk
God Blesses His Children!!!Congratulations Bubba Watson!!!!!!
There is a contact tab/form on everyone's profile page.
what's going down tonite
THE BAND PERRY!
of course you are! ;)
infiniti car dealership
just down the road from me
Bike commuters using ny subway do not fare well. FREEDOM WANTED.
At church to start the day off good. Get this off my shoulders
thanks Linda!
1933- The US #Government orders all citizens to turn in their remaining #gold dollar coins.
Eating a waffle dog at Eat the street- food truck fest Honolulu m
IF we as a nation reward creative thinkers with little, then chances are that we will soon lose the freedom of expression as we know it.
MT :Chris Watney from the : data on literacy is disheartening & shows a statewide crisis
I know you can't come but I want you to know that you are invited to my sweet 16. It's April 21 in Vero Beach Florida. <3
let me know where and when and I'll be there! #USA!
Just got asked to put my hood down in the mall. Didn't know that was a rule. Guess I'm not cold sir
when is verizon going to release an official android 2.3 for the droid x?
Use Live Keyword Analysis free tool to analyze density of keywords in a press release.
So you're the one person who watched it.
Have 60 points with 8 minutes left in the game....LIKE A BOSH
St Pete City Hall Council Chambers to hear an app for an after-the-fact Cert of Appropriateness - what's that?
Made a twitter to see peoples reactions from the patriots. Thanks
It's your favorite thing about me.
TOOTS!!! A NEW HOOK ALWAYS SAVES THE DAY!! AND STYLING IS ON THE UPSWING ROUND THESE PARTS TOO!!
today is shit no one to talk to lunch alone and don't get to c the person I really want to c :/ damn hope these last 4 weeks school go fast
miss you beautiful!
Oh my god how annoyed are you guys right now?
I am so excited about attending the #TeamSadie Girl's Night In tonight. Who's going?
Your 10 pages are coming along more swimmingly than my 1 page today.
You got it!
Great to see back up and tweeting.
Like I said.. It's all about those defensive rebounds!
interesting. Can they use your space for programs? Have we created a model where each school has to survive alone?
Modernizr detects CSS animations gradients, transforms, html5 file api, desktop drag & drop, sag, Web GL, and much much more.
Cerus (NASDAQ: CERS) to Present at the Stephens Inc. Fall Conference on November 16, 2011
#Kiski School Basketball Shooting Around at Yale preparing for New Hampton tonight at 7:30 pm.
Erin's right. It's a primary provider shortage not primary doc shortage. Nurses, NPs and PAs can do all primary care
Waiting at the DMV, and can't help feeling like I'd be more productive with an iPad.
I think it's funny when "egg avi's" start flexing their Internet muscles!
Book your cut and color with Tarah McPherson owner/stylist of Salon La Bonne Vie before the holiday! Scheduling will book up fast!
thanks for coming out this evening!!!!
Time is a companion that goes with us on a journey
Ever had Kheer? A Rice & Milk Pudding, Served Cold, That's So Refreshing On A Hot Summer Day. Come In and Try it Out!
Jim Cramer on Derek Jeter, "I hate him. He's got everything. He's got the babes. He's got the numbers. Thank heavens for Andrew Luck."
Actress Tracey Gold is 43. Tennis player Gabriela Sabatini is 42. Country singer Rick Trevino is 41. Musician Simon Katz is 41.
so excited for you!
al least not being sold on something hate panels like that.
Super busy today working on the new book. I love how prayer busts right through writer's block!
stacked starters, yet to be seen on back ups....first year of scholy loss....
Sony Mobile Smartphones Price List Philippines
I can't believe it's already April! Happy April Fools Day!
I remember when #southpark was funny...it ain't worth my 30 mins anymore
BRUNCH & ENDLESS MIMOSAS TILL 2:30 EVERY SATURDAY & SUNDAY!!! Do It!!! Big City Tavern... Best on the Blvd!!!
Great tip Shelly Thanks for sharing.
Its was way to short! I didnt wanna come back but my mom made me lol i might go back before the month ends
why, yes, you do need a master's degree to be a librarian. k?
Wow AP, that's some typo. Ryan Braun is cleared!
My mother can't really accept that sometimes I don't put butter on bread and drink water without ice cubes.
pops concert again tonight! <3
THAT'S AN ASS-TATE
Wow, that looks interesting! I wish they had a Kindle version. I can only handle 1 physical book at a time on top of ebooks.
Did you know that the local radio station WIOD’s call letters stand for Wonderful Isle of Dreams?
Great #marac plenary about historic buildings, some which I saw on the tours!'
Ahh ...I think I might just go on over to Bellagio and start my winnings!
Today in Invention History: George Westinghouse Jr patents the steam air brake, 1872
Happy Mother's Day!
Natural + organic ingredients should be the standard not the exception!
Heyy (: how are you?
New record tip. $200 from one girl!
u know I can't do the shots either...I don't act right lmao.
don't miss Weavers #nohitter!
okay. Why time?! IM SUPER HUNGRY
It is fast approaching the point where I don't want to elect anyone stupid enough to want the job.
Who wants to help me get more followers? (':
do you think the strom between Conway Springs & Wichita will reach southern WI & be just as strong?
Well, the holidays are over, so I guess I will get busy trying to figure out what I will do with myself. Take another crappy job? Hope not
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo pick their nose in public no1 wants to see u digging for gold!
almost an hour and no #TonyRobins ads #techradio Woot!
Exciting News! Metro Station will be performing at CityWalk on 12/8 with special guest, !
Stay fucked up not tryna go back to that old life
“All at once I was cast into a position of leadership, and it gave me more confidence in myself than I had ever had”
Let the world change you and you can change the world. (Deje el mundo cambiarle y usted puede cambiar el mundo.)
Why is is so good and top gear on the is so bad. Its like #brittanyspears or #snooki was the casting director.
Hm. The Soft Skull Press "submissions" link from Google takes you to a Canadian page selling... viagra. Perfect.
I hate that my soul always seeks revenge in the worst way but fuck it
Next we have Allan Adler, who represents the Association of American Publishers.
and before last night. Zombies at the
I love my job , I really do ..
Rehearsals all day today & tomorrow.
"Sarcasm" With my mom -_-
BC Eagles!
thank you Butterfly Radio!
I told myself I was going to get better at twitter in 2012. Somehow I got worse..
Look forward to seeing everyone at breakfast! 7 am in the Lafayette Ballroom.
Don't try to find love. Let love find you.<3
*leaves bedroom, heads downstairs. Starts toward kitchen.. stops, hearing voices.* I don't wanna interrupt. *sees sweater* a walk maybe
#Butler Vs #VCU #Final.??
wouldn't I have called you if I did?
What are your thoughts? Dues for Middle-Class SAG Actors, Most Dual Cardholders Would Decrease in Merger
Papa needs a breather, see you all in 20. Nice work, RCRD!! Excellent bout thus far
Is it a good thing or a bad thing for students to use social media to learn more about their instructor?
I wish the only person I have to talk to actually wanted to talk to me.
Its Hard Finding Something REAL ...
Tried attending ALA Tech Trends webinar. First audio issues, then got booted and couldn't get back in. Irony!
Panel highlights via : "Women 55+ are main drivers of social networking via mobile".
RT : 1:1 is an adv: "Teachers don't need to be a source of raw information anymore & they can finally actually teach"
loll that's exactly what i was thinking!!
CertainTeed just won supplier of the year from Insulate America
Waking up Mondays is so much easier when the #Packers are on MNF.
<\3 sorry that kids raw
I love my brother, he makes me food so that when I get home late I have something to eat :) <3
what's the big deal about this " twitter " ?
Happy now to say that my most recent Github pull request fixed gradient support in Opera.
~There's a luster from the city lights On the waves that kiss our feet And we're thinking of going in..#pachucasunrise#12/7/10
WTF if wrong with Ron and Frank? I mean, I love KA and everything, but signing her and NOT KDP?!?
we are working on it haha
"The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." - Earl of Beaconsfield
Not sure what it was for but a cop was walking along and every single one of them as I biked around had an envelope. Very strange.
Hi! I hope ur having a fun nite :-)
Hah i got you Post a pic on Twitter when you get it down
cause I didn't want to be in weak ass Milwaukee & come back around august & start Gettin ready for skool
please send me these all day.
Ha ha ha. That's a good one.
You're welcome Erin :) I'm happy to hear that. I'm doing very well myself, thanks for asking. :-)
Thank you, Razhan! Loving your blogspot site, by the way. Good reads.
RT Lawyers r concerned ab statute of limitations running on concussion claims. trying to work out a tolling agreement w
...There's always a Figure Competition ;)
Taco Bell, whose Doritos Locos Tacos debuted today, has produced 50 million Doritos taco shells for initial launch."
: #schools as part of the #city, trad'l #schoolyards as abandoned public space: big empty lots in every neighborhood
RT Privacy aside, Foursquare creeps me out with its gamification. Mayors? Greasy Spoon badges? Why should I care? #ttw12//cheers
Oregon State goes down in flames. My son has some explaining to do.
Heading to Boston to
Didn't notice a withdrawal. When I got to full decaf I lost my taste for that much coffee. Now it's a treat and always decaf.
At the office, open a word document, walk to the printer, realize you never clicked print.
Because of autocorrect in Lion, instead of sending misspelled emails, I send emails as if English is not my first language.
mmmkaaaayyy dont u have track tomorrow morning?
Henderson sheriff pursues government surplus equipment for county
it's not obv?
Ken Starr just called me and hung up...BUT THE CALL WAS COMING FROM INSIDE MY HOUSE!
The One That Got Away.
thanks! how's Milky White liking Westport??
Who's going to #Tax Section Annual May Meeting in Wash DC? Look for #PLC booth & resources. We'll keep you updated w/tweets, too.
Man the Eagles bad
Yes. But the end will not be satisfying. Its abrupt cancellation left people outraged and eventually led to the movie.
ive written 3 songs since our last session. I'm making it hard on cats. Like PAC I'm doing 1-2 songs a day!
First day of filming!
Finishing my basement, want to pre-wire for 2nd DirecTV receiver - where can I get info on how to do that?
Out of my mind... back in five minutes.
Thinks we need to stop arguing and go get a happy meal and discuss this like gentleman :p
It's been close to an hour and #AustinTo700K is still not trending! COME ON MAHOMIES! (:
Spending the night tonight at one of the most haunted locations in the country, Lemp Mansion.
Who's in NYC and wants to hang out today maybe get dumplings in china town?? hit me up!!
hey man ! One of our best yet. Fun night
team work; collaboration is hard sometimes but that's what film making entails
One less lonely girl <3
are you raising your hand for everything?
awesome! Our buddies from Planets Align will be playing too, it's gonna be a kick ass night.
can we put together a run?
Just left the studio with new chit is crazy
RT the past is over and is never coming back
set to sponsor party for the #AD trade May17th 7-9pm Unveiling my first new line " Matrix"by
I'm done associating with people.
I have It's On stuck in my head. D;
I brought wine to school today in my canteen....judge me
oh... That picture just made my Sunday morning! HA!
#raw10 a Man asked me 4 a token. I didnt know he was referring 2 a bus, I thought he meant Condoleezza Rice!
umm ... are unicorns "monsters"? that seems to defy the spirit of the name
haha sorry I have a big mouth! 😝
check out the #OVS cookbook!
Dude shot 40 percent for his career. Crazy impressive for a 6'2 point guard. It's a shame the league more or less banished him
Hopefully my day goes as i have planned for my mom. 😊☺👍I love my mommy! 💙
university village in seattle :)
My tv just went out on me... Im fuckin pissed
See, now that's what I expect from the 3 of you. Properly done. Good job.
Got like 2 collective hours of sleep tonight and my roomie wants to wake and bake.. Yeah right it'll knock my ass right out
45min wait to pickup a package they failed to deliver in the first place. I now understand why the USPS is collapsing.
sounds good!
They are charming boys! RT : " are so popular that another director is skipping the screening of his own film."
In the proliferation of private weaponry, the US resembles Lebanon and Afghanistan more than GB or the Netherlands. (Tilly 1992)
Cant see why , but i killing myself , when i already dead X-(
So glad is all about the #FF love! We love her back (and love her #FF of too).
im loosing followers..
I feel ya, girl!
I am without a doubt the biggest fan of alive
RIP Maurice Sendak
the ironic thing is companies lie about the attractiveness of jobs all the time, but that's ok.
they said what you said was rude and that bullying doesn't just happen in middle school. It's not necessarily shit talking
:D Thanks :D
Come #Kings finish #Stl off for a sweep.
yeah k but I don't like chips ;) xx
"This cold night will turn us all to fools and madmen." - King Lear, 3.4
Hard work is the garment of those who do not labor but seek out destiny and find their purpose in life.
There's good 'ole Ed Hightower putting himself in the middle of the Norfolk State / Missouri game. Was that really a jump ball ?
Looking for Network Programmers interested in #Europe #Dallas #austin and
^es there comes a time as a business women when you realize you can't do it all. That's when you hire an assistant...shout out to Tamarsha
Hurriquake party is on!
come tomorrow st Pattys ... will be here!!!
Good Jobs Speech by the President. Time for Congress to get to work! Time for politics to step aside! Time to make America
haha okay :) btw, Jo & Ri are welcome up here for the game on Sunday
Guyss why are you unfollowing me? :c
#SongsPlayedDuringSex dick in a box
#ImSingleBecause One Direction hasn't met me yet.
Have Mark Cuban trade him to the Spurs during the off season.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!🎶
yup yup
follow back? reppin' pittsburgh :)
it was tasty. I could definitely do that again!
I used to live in Edale
WTF you staring at bitch.?!
YES! Penises! - "Salo" in tweet form
That Nasty Moment When You See Someone With Armpit Stains. -_____-
#NewMaterial Is on the way!!! A FOOL BEEN COOKIN'
they should move the hornets back to Charlotte and move the bobcats to seattle so they can become the new Seattle sonics.
15-20 bucks is typically my price point. Over that it has to be a really good shirt.
those things are spam and viruses and u posted them alot
It features automatic full-text indexing of content, regardless of originating organization, to creata a unified online search experience.
Ok, I know we will never agree, but I did have fun debating. See you at the polls
Two hour workout & now I want a god fudge sundae. I guess that would be totally counterproductive. Oh well yogurt here I come!
Bronson Pinchot is also giving a quality performance. My god. I wanna watch Perfect Strangers!
Carpet Cleaning ? Revolutionary Cleaning provides reliable, high quality residential, commercial, and industrial cleaning services.
I havnt heard or seen anything?
Fuck man... I'm really of this boring ass lifestyle, I wanna start flossing and floss hard
When people such as Steve Jobs leave us, their impact lives on forever!
Coincidence of project due date: On the anniversary of San Jacinto, working on web project about that battle's aftermath. Nice.
Jk why am i up
Very cool!
Writing a review of A Masked Ball in between Facebook updates.
Yay! New MacBook Pro is here! Getting it all set up right now.
#DirectionersAreReadyForMoreThanThis yeah! all directioners are ready! omg! I cant wait!! njceiufboe*__*
We just got back from presenting our ideas to the Ohio Judicial Conference. Hopefully we land the project...wish us luck!
transition the slate/from ice to a more solid stress the/mirror images/collide in fragments of a longer day/the atoms drain/the dawn
Workplace overrun w/ #Badgers? Take a group pic & Tweet it to for #UWSpiritDay! Show 'em how we roll in the nation's capital!
Friday who knows but Albany Saturday ok
Dear Football gods, please deliver a solid cover CB to my #DetroitLions. Another solid OL & RB would be nice, but I'm not greedy.
Get JUICED UP with Meech Dogg on you tube Meech Dogg JUICED UP thanks.
despite an awesome run this morning Monday is NOT my favorite day
Free teeth whitening for life when you are a patient at Silicon Valley Smile Center. (408) 247-8080
lol... Bacon milkshake...
ouch! What did you get?
in reference to my earlier comments, I think your selection is pretty damn good and much more popular than mine would be.
why are you the one i want?
Obama and Romney would MUCH prefer if gay marriage would go away and no one would talk about it. Very toxic issue for both camps.
RT : Tonight's #LinkedInChat at 8 PM EDST will discuss dealing w/ different personalities using LI...
C'MON ARSENAL!!
oh ho Coach is now following me !! better clean up my act
Know that emptiness is an illusion. No matter how much you have suffered, your soul sees you as whole.
Way too cold, get the theraflu.
thanks for the follow!
Retina display on the new iPad.
You must understand that even though a person loves you, you must consider the fact that you're not the only one who makes him/her happy.
Our list of things needed starts of with Go-Kart rides.
JT: An excellent choice. We see their work & their successes year after year. We know Shea, and we endorse.
RT : I don't have an attitude problem. I have an attitude that you have a problem with.
New Tracks uploading right....meow...
why am i following somebody named queen bang a bitch?
haha, sorry about that, I'm a little to young to get that one!
My mom's a big buthole. I REALLY wanted to drive to school today. WHY WONT SHE GET ME INSURANCE.
Anderson Mio's Heat as well! QT : Heading to UC baseball, with Casey's team...the Northern Kentucky Phoenix.
almost 3k followers. I had 800 when my album dropped April 22nd..
Academize.com in private beta now.
Sorry you had to wait in line, hope it was worth the wait. ;)
Haven't been on lately :/ So, what goes on?
I kinda wanna be more than friends
Just spent the past 4min building a pro/con as to whether or not Trader Joe's fruit floes are a suitable wedding dessert
Fear! Not realizing that there is space for each of them because their style is definitely not everyone's cup of tea
Don't know what to cook for dinner..
Niggas Give Me # Im a Trending Topic
Shoutout to all my new followers...
I just started using Twitter this week. Looking forward to sharing Lincoln's faith with people. He understood well the sovereignty of God.
Hey beautiful x
Pacific Coast Academy...
Thanks for the shout out!
oh, phew. I always worry in situations like this that it’ll just turn out to be a case of PEBKAC.
I rather have an honest enemy than a fake friend.
Fasting and praying for my family, my kindred friend, my church, my community, my city, my country ....
Watched drita on #Mobwives. She gets no respect for "trying" 2 rap. I know niggaz out here grindin & hungry 2 be heard. & here she go 😒
When Raw drops below a 3 during the next few wks, maybe VKM & co will be smart enough to tap into the mind of a genius
I should probably start posting on here..
uh , Happy Birthday :D
kill Kevin Durant for me...
My cat is snuggling next to me and I don't want to disturb him by getting up.
I can't handle life right now.
We need that benchMOB we seen all year!
4 am on Paris #WTF i still up ... Need party .. Call my girls and go out .. Chillin at the bar ? Like last night
want to come over around 7:30?
Hyperventilating. Everyone use your 11 wishes on me tomorrow!
where did the storms run off to last night and today in eastern Racine county?
7:26 and starting to get light. Come one daylight savings - need the early morning lake time.
anything bad/:?
Haha I know , but alright forsure!!
That is a STRIKE!
Shout out to Follow her!(:
No! for the last time stop asking if i am drunk… I am not drunk! Who would name their kid drunk?
At the Paley center in Beverly Hills. It feels great to learn about the history of film and television.
Visit Victoria at #HowardUniversity today for the #Mid-Atlantic Pre-law Conference!
Better than my old one of him biting and fist-bumping. RT May I suggest changing it to "I'm driving the bus to Flavor Town?"
look up "u ain't shit!" watch ya face pop up. 😂
Is civility overrated? Some of the most successful leaders are the least civil, unfortunately. Too often civility is viewed as weakness.
#Tulsa #AlmostFreeFood RT : Anyone mentions this tweet gets a buy one get one half price
I love my co workers already! Bringing me elotes, tamales, and mango slices with salt n chili powder yummy
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl
Actually we don't use captcha anywhere anymore! Glad that you joined us!
thank u
I'm Dat Chick 😁
Make "1,000 Dollars A Week From Home" no bullshyt. Hit me up and let's do it. I don't play about money. And I don't like working for people.
Responded to FIRE @ 347 Demorest Avenue, Staten Island, NY 10314 and helped 2 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
There was a time when my world was filled with darkness.
Hit em with the flex when they hand you your diploma lmao RT Graduation! 2pm!
Look at that as
We become what we think about, conversely, the man with no goal or direction will forever be lost at sea like a ship with no capt. or crew.
Right this moment, I am in #Cupertino. I can see a rainbow but hear helicopters. God help us.
That awkward moment when your mom says she wants to join twitter...
yes. Were beta testing now. :)
First 3 people to walk into the proshop at 9:00 am March 16th 2011 get a free 9 hole pass. Must mention this tweet!
I feel horrible. I'm going to bed.
would you have time to talk tech? Talking new tech, edtech, etc.
We need a local deals business that displays ads in video games/MMOs based on user IP. Maybe it already exists
So there is a chance? GOOD!!!
DC taxicab commission lifts fare caps. That seems good for longer rides. Now do I get discounts when drivers don't know where to go?
oh...he's really Xpac....and that shit was really funny Shiek
lol kiss u back ;) I go off bye <3
Already on my second cup of coffee and it's not even 10 am yet....
cant sleep...im really bouta have a nervous breakdown
when do we entertain taking dee out of leadoff?
Finally going home from school!:)
nice alliteration.
What up fam thanks for the follow. You need any beats?
I love my local , the Baristas are so friendly and know how to get the morning moving!
I keep my shit in my septic tank.
#fistpumps for the immediate future..... Night Night Beauties!!!
i think a jar of nutella is a good metaphor for my life, for i am eating both things away, quickly.
Life?s challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they?re supposed to help you discover who you are. Bernice Johnson Reagon
No wonder Consumerist voted you worst company in America, just put the damn jerseys in the game. Don't make me buy them...
I Think Of You On Two Occasions
damn I wasnt thinking. Too much in awe
thank you! Got a day ahead of myself!
Experts expect tight Presidential race in NC - The Virginian-Pilot
|#quotes Most newspaper companies still have their heads in the sand, but other media companies are aggressive.
Im getting anxious
Paying attention both online & offline w/ true desire to serve client will fuel creative juices & make everyone happy.
most amazing thing about hosting a NYE party? cleaning while listening to 120 minutes. For other Aussies, it's like Rage. INXS JUST CAME ON!
Holidays are another tax implemented by the government to generate cashflow
haha yes it is (:
I'm watching my very first episode of right now. I have no idea what's going on! lol
im not heather
i think that for me, getting an Art degree was an extension of saying the words I need to say. Children's lit needs me. :)
please follow me? I went to teen hoot and you were amazing <33
Roenicke worried about how Weeks will settle into #2 spot. Really? Cant be worse than his April leadoff numbers, right?
": One more loyal person go follow ---> for me please =)"
Home again, home again.
ITS CRAZY, I thought it was like 2 years ago.
We have brand new kitchen aid stainless steel professional series island hood vents @ Wash Co Restore pic...
Working hard at 's Leadership in a Sales Organization conference! Great to see our members here.
Welcome to Twitter!
when I hear "Dow" I think Dow Day (1967 anti war protest gone bad). But, then again, I'm in Madison, wi.
I think she wanted us to weigh in on whether or not it is trashy...
Maybe This Wednesday, But Then I Still Have To Wear A Boot And Go Through Therapy "/
I am now haunted by the fact that Clint Eastwood probably won't make it through the 3rd quarter.
Ok, whoever this is that keeps parking in my spot is really testing my gangster #whatisthis?
#FMG MONEY GANG WAT IT DO YOUNG FLY MONEY wagoody nigga GET IT IN JONES was goody my nigga
I remember when I used to distract you by being awesome.
Good one!When i`m happy i am singing that line all of the time!It`s simple,that is my lucky line!
Thanks for the shout outs everyone!
Sold out crowd for lecture by former 4-Her Drew Gilpin Faust on Civil War scholarship.
#kids Charlotte's Web at Artisan Center Theater, Sat, May 12 10:00a: All the enchanting characters are here in this beautiful, knowing...
those aren't men ..... At least not their mentality
Dude, fuck your grandma's cookbook. Superfuck it.
San Diego choices of #wine storage facilities include and Cool places to store your wine collection!
Thrash and Burn.
You'd think that I'd learn my lesson by now, you'd think that I'd somehow figure out
same here:))
Fort Lauderdale/Hollywood Intl. Arpt. closed today for a few hours do to a substance found.
haha yeah that was awesome C: True. Next time has to be there! :D
Everywhere, where there are mortals. Time is measured by your own existence.
hell yes. Josh is going to get paid.
I can NOT believe this!
I didn't even like twitter until turned me onto it. This tweet is one reason why!
yummy! still recovering from mine lol when do u get back to la? :)
GS and MS?
Hi Armingga, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
Someones outside my house
Idk y iGo thru rounds of bs fa sumbdy ta come off like I'm wrong. That shit is FINISHED!
RT : RT : TONIGHT! "The Artisan Collection - Grand Opening Event" - Downtown Miami at Christ Fellowship Downtown...
has anyone told you lately that your facial hair is perfect?
Gearing up for Print 09 in Chicago visit me in the Xerox booth everyday at 1-2:30 local time in the XMPie area.
Anyone you know interviewing virtually for a job or project? Share this link with them for things to consider
When in a relationship it takes two to make it happen!!~
Why is that when I book a flight, no more than 48 hours later the airfare drops $50? Had I not bought then the airfare would have gone up!!
Twestival flashmob details are now solid! Contact us if you would like in on the fun!
I just shredded so many papered that my shredder overheated 3 times. Ridiculous. Glad I finally got one
Dear Sam, have a seat. Right. NOW!!
Oh, I'll try to stump them. ;) The hardest one for me has always been lemon liniment.
I almost stiff armed the shit out of this lady. From my side view it looked like she was running straight for me.
#FF shout out to some of my favorite Alaska Tweeps - , , ,
but still in anyway,,i will never abandon TVD family !!!!i love you
#Vinylmation is not what it used to be for us from a collecting stand point anymore. Too much, too soon and close together.
Sure did! Was a lot of creepy fun. Curious to hear what you think... " you filmed something I wrote last night?!?!"
Gitelman wants to look at leaflets stapled to utility poles as anarchic cultural products but also as electronic communications.
pretending that there's not an effort by the elite to further increase their control of the economy is ostrich-syndrome.
Thinking about painting my apartment
Exactly! :) RT : Possibility? Is that on the corner of What If and Hm? RT "I dwell in possibility." - Emily Dickinson
Too much air blowing on me
Chicken and dumplings!
I need 2 start wrking out...
Root Sports didn't show their box, it was close. His habit of taking 1st pitch & hacking the 2nd one is irritating.
Thanks for the RT and for all of YOUR continued support as well!
Fox will not confirm that Britney Spears and Demi Lovato is joining The X Factor.
And the show floor is open!
Actress Freida Pinto spent hours online researching chimpanzees to prepare for her role in Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes.
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 57
Having a productive day:)
btw, seems like we're overdue for a fpdc outing, especially as it slowly starts to get warmer
Where is that? Lol Canada confuses me lol.
Giving thanks for family, wonderful colleagues in higher education, and new partners to be on our transformational journey.
You live with some yutz?
is looking for DEV PARTNERS for GAME & INTERACTIVE... licensed & original IP... Joint pitch to major publisher coming up!!!
Judging a book by it's cover, I think they went 2-0 for
After my healthy kick is over, we should enjoy a
Do they have Which Which in Canada?! If not it would be a great franchise idea. Best sandwich joint IMO!
Jerzday.....My guilty pleasure!
Haha. Thanks buddy! I'll be sure to also fax a "thank you" back.
whats good babe, havent seen you in a while holla at me, lets hook up... i miss my budd..
No #tigerblood in the veins RT I'm 94% bothered by lady gaga. Seriously, what is wrong with her?
Phone actin gay <
Going to Pakistan on Monday
I'm about to Christmas tree this and that's how much of a care I don't give.
Bout to kick butt in
n problem - good luck!
Looking for affordable #therapy? We serve couples, families, and individuals in #Denver www.denverfamilyinstitute.org
#2ThingsIAppreciate Loyalty & Respect 
Lesson of the day: if you bring your kids to a sports bar, you do not get to stare at me of I curse in front of them. That's on you.
i've known many middle-aged chinese men but i'm not sure how it'd mash. leave the bones in and grind it to break it down?
did you get a pair?
that FAM love him like a brother tell him I said hold his head❕❕❕
#HAHA! RT via : For the second time in under a week, an iPhone has exploded. Now I want the one that explodes.
DROPING NEW TRACK TONIGHT! Keep an eye on my tweets. This song is hot, I promise.
thunder lost to da wizards smh
Get em Trinity...
To be clear, the "I" part is a given. It's the "attending audience" part that is the unknown variable.
Got my apartment 😁
good shit 50. if i had a million dollars, id buy you a house and throw some furniture in there. haha.
Hey, remember that Google + thing? That was great.
alright I just sent you a request. Let's team up
The tongue of a bad friend cuts more than a knife. - Spanish Proverb
he's only human
Great day to be spinning outside! RT : RT : Relax Mondays!
I prefer to call it Jarrod Uthoff: The Never-Ending Transfer Story.
My teacher pays more attention to his iphone rather than his students.
WEPromote thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
thanks for the shout, glad you like my work!
Both of us have been crazy busy with work and traveling! More updates soon. And of you haven't received your prize yet, you will soon!
Almost on set try'n to see if I can get 1 of these PA's to run to 53rd and 6th and get me that Egyptian chicken and rice...so good...
was great to you all last night!
Never a first choice always second. \m/
Sounds pretty nice! Let me know if you need anyone to sample whatever you'd be grilling :)
The Rejuvenation Facial includes a 90 min session that works with your Chakra system to relax your body and remove stress-www.crowdclick.com
To my favorite teacher who told me never give up. To my fifth grade crush who I thought I really loved.
Our services include: Residential & Commercial Cleaning, Basement & Garage Clean Outs, Foreclosure Clean Ups, & Carpet Cleaning
well I saw one car in the woods
RT is a crook. We need to get rid of him, and take back the Senate in Wisconsin. r
Thank you very much! :)
#RT NEED A NEW BOYFRIEND
Its Too Windy Out :/
If you are arriving this AM there is still time to sign up for John Huss W/S on how to infuse research-based humor into the classroom at 1PM
Miranda and I thank you for the shout-out! :) And she's still packing her Baby Browning ...
Great, thanks! Your pins are spreading like mad!
Turtle is a funny word Idk why?
Beautiful weather, longer days. Community Center playing outside EMP last night has us convinced we need to take it to streets this summer.
I hope you have a great Labor Day weekend!
thanx for the follow :)
Hey Jonathan, are you by chance headed to Coachella this weekend?-Nate
"that song is delicious"
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE UNFOLLOW ME. Make up that mind.
MY BIRTHDAY TOMORROW!!! :)
So exciting! I ordered it for the shop! Can't wait to read it!
Man, must have gone up over the last year. Boo.
12 hours ... I guess my days ALMOST half over!
Um yeah...that's one interpretation.
just coerce them into buying you shots.
Leaving someone at the alter is one of the lowest things a person can do.
Frustrating. I want my Bronx Bombers back!
Team Health Holdings Inc. Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial Results - MarketWatch (press release)
#askniall Do you and the boys like cookie cake? If so, I'm bringing some to Detroit tomorrow ;)
After much thought, am thinking I'll just have some Twinkies ;)
I somehow missed your tweet with the picture until now...OMG, what an adorable duo! I hope everyone is adjusting well. ;)
Have no expectations of anybody.This avoids disappointment when they aren't who you thought they were
I completely agree!!!
": Dipping your fingers in melted wax and then peeling it off when it dries up."
In the morning to Novi. But Roseville in a couple of weeks.
James is da man!
Just relax ya know.
i could REALLY go for some orange chicken from Panda Express D: #hungry!
Sessions for InnoTech Austin are being decided now. What are your top 5 tech topics you want to learn more about?
God I wish I could be at the BC tonight cheering on my team! Why soccer practice why?
Ali G is hilarious.
MettaWorldWar was suspended 7 games! No more
#telljimmy I think Jimmy was wrong about She done amazing on both songs. He was wrong.
Seeing that Aaron #Sorkin is going to write the Steve Jobs' biopic. Nice.
I'M GETTIN' PAPER :P
tatooo!! Call me asap
let me check with and I'll get back to u
Join us Feb. 7th w/ for Friends & Family Night! 5p to close, minors until 9pm. $5 cover for band!
Some feelings never change..
Is it weird to talk to yourself sometimes?
Hash tag for Library Advocacy Day
. If he tries to stay home at that age he will get a EXEC_BAD_ACESS ;-)
i am coming home Saturday but i dont have time
I aint download it yet but you know i will RT Bro have you heard my NEW! #mixtape?
U DO DA SAME HOMIE KEEP GOD 1ST RT : Good 2 hear! Excellent way 2 b! I'm #Blessed as well bruh!
RT : Happy Birthday, John. 50 looks good on ya'! Cheers!>>>>Thanks, Squirell!
Are you complaining about a blessing?
RT RT! Come by support your local guitar store!
Make da money fast.. Count it slow
Demaio would say that this Captain who was killed in the line of duty protecting the public deserves "no better, no worse"
I'll be there Friday :)
Well, That's good. Sounds fun and exciting.
You ARE new. Pick up those turnips that fell off next to you.
everything is cool!!! What's new with u boo
Finally saw Source Code. Among its many assets is the great Jeffery Wright. Duncan, keep up the good work!
awhh thanks you are too!!
let me know if you need a drop and how you're feelin the record.
Depressed mood right now.... feelings are a funny thing, but not so funny when they involve people you like.
Class sounds interesting! I was fascinated and repelled by that commercial when I saw it. :)
tell me about it... Better cover up my wrists during that lol
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a dream.
haha im sorry! im just kidding around. that's a quote from anchorman.
HOLY GOD AUSTREAM/USTREAM WAS AMAZING!! Happy new year austin!!!!!
I really like the new entryway for the Pandas and the new Asian menu at Canyon Cafe.
hey, i have a new twitter handle!
Thanks for the RTs & shout outs, hope you found something nice at the Columbia City Farmer Market.
Sometimes you just have to walk away...
your welcome :)
Im horny
Heading to The Grove for fireworks, tree lighting & snow tonight!
The White Stripes : The Von Bondies :: Prince : The Time
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love. Sophocles (496 BC - 406 BC)
Chelsea Handler in DC June 11 @ DAR Constitution Hall
LOL that's hilarious, as long as we don't start ref "I like Ike" and 23skiddoo we should be fine ...
Damn San Fran
Just left the HQ after having some great conversations on the role of business in catalyzing social change
IKEA Pax Sliding Door Wardrobes - Design Ideas and Reviews - wardrobes furniture
@ can't wait to see it! Now go root on your squad!
Dear Santa, All I want for Christmas is a World Series Championship. Your Pal, Slugger P.S. Powder Blue > Red.
Aw! I miss you guys too! always had great sayings for every situation!
Husker hoops recruit is heading elsewhere
What is the thinnest book in the world? What Men Know About Women
can't believe this what happen boston
Never tried Bagel Factory. Hunting for friend who visited this weekend, got NY bagels, now in STL craving, and told me Panera.
Jebus....Birdman's lookin like a red headed santa clause on crack! my goodness... #letsplayballboys!
hell yeah! I'll be there!
haha aw <3 and nope im nice till something goes bad lol and anyways youre like million miles away ralf!! >.<
me are your biggest fans we will always support you! X<3
"I'm not interested in preserving the status quo; I want to overthrow it."~Niccolo Machiavelli
I'm at my desk. I'm telling you this because I am better than any app that tells you where I am.
I really like col 3:16 as a reference for what an assembly of believers should be
Leadership : Nehemiah led thru intense compassion. If u can't weep with people; you can't lead. Rev. John Jenkins #CLA2012 Leadership
BREAKING NEWS: It turns out, that Trick in fact, loves the kids.
idk wat i wanna eat but im hungry
So I Just Realized Drinking Is Not My Thing(Last Night CRAZY)In That Case Someone Pass Me A Blunt!!!
Raleigh animal control joins all other Wake an cntrols in taking animals to Wake Co shltr. We'll pull mostly from there. Excited!
Gingerbread and riesling sound like a fun combo! :)
I'm ready!
What's better than one cat ... racism
Shame is relative.
my little brother is teaching me history :o i feel so stupid ..
you ARE brilliant after all!
Do you have a mantra you repeat to yourself when things get tough? Please share with me!
#FF Thank you for the mention :)
please help reign in OReilly! His gas diatribe is awful economics and pandering at its worst. He is far better than this.
Wtf is up with Cee Lo and that white cat? #TheVoice!
Thanks! The auto-settings are nice shortcuts, but I rely on them too much.
Niall: If im louder would you see me? Spongebob: I cant hear you its too dark in here! LOL!
Client picks are kicking butt..! What were they thinking PIT O/U 12.5?! I think it's TWITTER's turn now!
WHEN ARE WE HANGING OUT?
where u at?
I really hate when I have a phone interview at 9am and its now 9:15am and they still have yet to call me...
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Im glad u got there safe sexy mami! Im a huge fan of yours & u r the hottest petite woman in porn today XOXO
you're a good guy, John Moe
2011 Whirlwind Bike rental rates now online @ www.corythebikefixer.com
Mr Burrell, good to know we can still party at Mauna Loa for another year sick!!!!
Tip 3: Wealth - Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
I'm never more embarrassed then when I light a cigarette on the wrong end and TAKE A DRAG. Oh, whiskey.
Dear Tyhir, Please get your feet out my neck so I can get some sleep...
Had a ton of fun checking out The Trailer Park Boys tonight!
thanks to for his recommendations last fall. New website incorporates mapping!
There is no greater treasure than the respect and love of a true friend.
Happy Thursday to all! I hope you have a great Thursday!!
new twitcon though
How have your blogs been going? I've been meaning to ask you about them!
i use paul mitchell root lifter first , then just regular moose & strunchh . Then root lifter again. Then just hairsprayy it (:
what would you suggest? Lower back, hips out of alignment...please don't say exercise, eating right and weight loss.
Anything is fair game, now that
So much fun! Thanks 4 inviting me. Let's hang out again soon! :-)
happy holidays everyone
I'd still love to see you write about our convo when we met -- how do you feel when smaller women call themselves fat?
could be the first election lost to fandom! Good job stupid!
I hate nights like these.. not sleepy. #can'tsleep
Me and Katrina and the Waves ;) RT : Who's walking on sunshine??
Rode my fixie, in matching Adidas/Vespa ensemble, to buy a yoga mat at Walmart that I carried home in my Timbuk2. I have totally sold out.
Yes!! Thursday's played FLOAT ON when I first came in, then Under Pressure, now a lil Edward Sharpe
disbelief at decisions made, setting people up to fail...smh gonna sit back and enjoy my prediction
It is pretty cool. I may need to re-watch this morning.
Today you are living your purpose whether consciously or unconsciously.
follow back? Please
I am SO so so so embarrassed that I cried today. -.- :(
no she "forgot", 1 of her downfalls as a parent as well.she forgets everything. a wonder she hasnt forgotten blake at a store
Life will keep bringing you the same test, over and over again til you pass it...
RT :A man came to movie too early &chose to check out instead!Loved it & Accepted Christ for 1st time!//YES!
visualization is something you can easily control in your mental game and it's an easy place to start
Justin Bieber Of Course
ohh, i see. i had coffee from mine, this morning
It's 7 in the morning on a Sunday and I just added animated gif support for my Android.
I def be thinking that when I see the apple logo good stuff YungN thought it was just me!
dan wanted me to tell you that he thinks napkin is a good word but isosceles is more superior
Well started out a lazy day but going to the bank to get money to see how I can go spend it lol maybe T-Bird skate park later tonite..
and you are dressed like a whore again too.
#SOPA Does anyone know the status as of now? Are the elected officials even listening to us? Do we need to start physical protests?
I could get used to Saturday morning drinking and watching some english football. Ill have to make this a habit
that's just too cool
I didnt know i was an asshole :( better yet the biggest asshole ever :'(
miss you to!
I Hear Music weekend 2012 is on the way to Cincinnati,Ohio May 18th -20th 2012. You don't want to miss it.
I kept up with it all. From Laguna, to the Hills, and even Newport!
I'm the Carolina's, so itching to get to a spot where they don't abuse 'the right 2 wk' w/ no pay
I can't be there for you all the time. Other people need me too.
just saw that you will be headlining on July 3rd.
RT: : Red Dot tickets on sale now! $75 per ticket. Call 227.6960.
It's HERE. GAME TIME!!! In the immortal words of Rick Flair "WHO"
#faded as a motherfucker
Im from Morocco, Africa and im proud it.
Yeah, I believe so.
thanks for the retweet
I had to read that twice. At first glance I thought it said S&M! Hahaha... ;-}
Antioch Communion worship service - This Do. A great day to be alive.
I would like to hear more of your story.
Nerds seem to be reading more fashion blogs these days.
hey babe<3
Come Here (Baby) Cause We Go Hand In Hand Like (Clap Clap Clap) Round Of Applause !! $$$$$
Hello twitter, been neglectful of you.
Hi, It's our pleasure. Thanks. :-)
Ny mum can be so incomprehensible sometimes. Uh
yhu r cutie
Urge is - "I have to get onto #Pinterest!" says But, is our audience there and do I have visuals?
How does #Illini have 2 First Rounders after their 2011 season? I accept 3 Boise, but 2 Illini?
GOCard system was upgraded this week and debit functions were transferred. Call DPS with any issues. 202-687-4343.
It's been bad.
definitely "Oh Bravo!"
Watchn the tigers
Hey San Diego folks, what's the best old school style tiki bar in the area?
Trying to make someone fall in love with you, is almost as pointless as trying to control who you fall in love with... DOWN LOVE FEWR...
Still drunk
Fringe is awesome!! I can't believe they're trying to kill it with the Friday night slot!
I remember MY first paycheck!
Practice makes perfect. RT Good luck being one of them classy broads
Why? Cause we're loving the crew<3
Más que one hundred Boston Volunteers joined this month. We're lucky that volunteering is a very Boston thing to do. #Boston #DoGood Pls RT!
How to Use Click Bank in Your Blog -justsmellsogood.com www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
DANG he a real goon
As soon as my team starts asking me about wild mushrooms my productivty plummets. I could talk about morchella and boletus edulis all day.
Olly Murrs with One Direction in America this summer? COULD NOT GET ANY BETTER<3
I also fear this path. Not because it's PHP, but because of the wild uploads my code is sure to get from users :-/
Going to see the king in Memphis this morning
#spurs got it right?
Insomnia is no fun
I'm glad & I don't have any noticeable stains on our clothes. That was some random close up. Sorry!
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
I have one goal for this beautiful Saturday - Chocolate Sea Salt !
Hey people, check out my verified accounts list I made. It's all the verified accounts following me =) I'll update it with any more!
thanks Britney!
found an article about your iPad-based setup on Very cool! Have you checked out the #lemur app?
Deal of the day, One hour customized facial $55.00 A $10.00 savings! Space is limited, Call 360-687-0778
The link doesn't work guys.
Thunderstorms possible and a big warmup on tap for Thurs. Temps could reach the 80s in most places.
NO. Don't you even say it.
At least my phone isn't proprietary
We should get a Twitter trend started #healthyliving. It's so important! (:
duly noted! lol
what does your organization do?
#FOLLOWnGAIN as many followers is a follower could follow ;)
Word of the day: Ambivert. Handy at times of indecision.
I wish my time with her didn't have to end...
follow my friends! !!
Somebody hit my car while me and my nephew was in it!!
Officially Dine with College
Life is like a bull, you have to take it by the horns, even if you’re thrown around, get up and go again
people think this cuz u don't have a shirt on! Hehe ;)
Romney on 700 Club, not exactly tossing red meat on #ssm: "I think ppl of diff backgrounds have diff issues that they find most compelling."
Im bored.
Well she should be thankful that shes getting this kinda exposure...compared to her normal outreach of 34 followers.
