RT : "averaging" is half the problem. 20% of kids need 2 reduce calorie intake by 1000;64 cals/ day won't change anything
I'm not there yet
- how much it's gon run to get you on a tracc bra
Hello Metroplex !This is Mexico's Independence Week and Mambocafe Dallas will be celebrating it Thursday ,Friday and Saturday. VIVA MEXICO
Are we do a Big Timer Jersey Shore episode and no one told me?
nawllll but a yo son called from a 773-787-8628 in where u at
Depends what kind of fish, fried fish can be good, maybe not good for you
Pechakucha night at the Mekons show. No, really. Somebody in the crowd shouted "more slides!"
Different day but for us it's just the same shit
(new) Announcement in Houston airport - reminding us that "any inappropriate remarks or jokes regarding security may result in [our] arrest"
Momma, I understand why you're mad and I know it's hard to accept who I am and how I live..
Congratulations to the winners of our Ultimate Sweepstakes!
The art museum will be hosting a "Cars in the park" event in the park blocks every weekend during the summer exhibit.
thanks bro, im kicking my butt
Inaudible phone calls are guaranteed to be deleted. When leaving a message for a reporter, talk slowly and be understandable.
hm. i might slip martha a few quid and ask her to do one
well..u know how it is. sleeping at night is better than ever
#homeschooled kids were always the strangest when reintroduced in the public system
Welcome back to Chicago ! We have missed you guys!
When did PITT become a basketball school??????
Yep, the start of their yearly #epicfail aka the draft RT : Did the #browns give up to much for the number three pick?
That would be great
how much does it cost to book Austin for a party?
There is a cute one working out next to me. I'll send him over. Lol
“: #aspie#autism-FAQS MUST I SIGN AN IEP I DON'T AGREE WITH? no, in certain towns you can set in on fire”
It was posted on the Source apparently. I'm not sure that counts as staff communication
Please tell me he had a golf bag that played Journey songs
Everyone loves happy hour...how about SUSHI HAPPY HOUR!?! 1/2 price sushi 4-6pm Hurry it starts soon!!
Genius! RT : I sent my hologram into work for me today, and so far, nobody has noticed.
Can Amare win a ring before he talks RT Is Amare Stoudemire out of line for calling Pau Gasol "soft"?
thats weak smh.. you should be fine if your recs clean tho.. theyll likely dismiss it on spot
hey girly how you been?
thanks for the follow :)
thanks so much for the shout out!!
Vegas baby! Can't wait to see you! I can't stop listening to your cd "This Way Up!" Come do a show for us in NY!
still so happy about last night game. let's keep it up boys!
Today's imminent threat: Spanish quiz on chapter 6
i order the whole universe on my subway sandwich. #carlproblems .
Waking up because construction is shaking my entire house. At least it's better than an alarm clock
A camera's aperture controls *how much* light hits the camera's imaging sensor, while its shutter speed controls *how long* light comes in.
#Recognize RT We are going to be playing a FREE secret SHOW in Hollywood, CA this THURSDAY @ 6PM. Stay tuned for details
Nori is this years version of Kotsay. Fill in where needed in LF and RF. Occasional pinch hit.
We may never see the roof opened at Marlins park until 2013.
I need to iron this shirt.....,..BUT IDK HOW
A Lotta you dudes should enter the #wnbadraft #
Guess I'm bout to hit that pole lol
Hi...I forgot I added you on here too. Pretend The lewinning messages came from the DJ.....But I doubt you can
it takes forever!
AG - thank you for the kind words. Proud of what the team accomplished.
Wish Madonna had been inspired by Prince's performance a few years ago. Besides lipsynching, it looked like she was thinking the whole time.
: yikes. Well the only remedy I have left is inviting you to "Wednesday Orientation." That always does it for me.
I love spicy garlic sauce so much I could literally drink a bottle everyday!!
it could be worse you could have stepped in poo or had 8 goals scored on you. Both r equally bad
I'm hanging on for dear life this last week of school -.-
God I'm gonna start crying. I'm seriously going to miss these seniors so much.
Watch me tonight on the ABC affiliate WPBF West Palm Beach channel 25 at 5pm & 6pm. I will also be on Miami's Fox affiliate WSVN Channel 7
Peace out Lubbz
Happy Monday Ayla fans!
Here's a. Blond joke... A smart blonde and a dumb blonde both jump off a cliff at the same time. Who lands first? Read my next tweet! :)
#TomBrady is putting on a TD pass clinic with 6 tying an #nflplayoffs record.
tone of voice?
I decided since my final paper for tech writing is about twitter I might as well get back on.
HAHAHAHAHAHA MY MOM ASKED ME IF was bypolar i said no thts just his FRAND personality X)
RT : : Join us for Happy Hour Thursday & Friday 3-7pm in our lounge FREE BUFFET!!!!
Landed! Feeling good. Feeling French. Just waiting for my "bah-GAHJ."
Woot! Got my new phone and it works great!(:
First song of the album is MIXED. On to #2!
Getting ready to watch the start of the 2012 motocross season
Such a great weekend with fam n friends finally home to relax ! W
I certainly hope not, but kids these days...
Don't feel bad for me Kiva! It's not your fault, technical problems come along. I'm sorry for you having to deal with it.
Just Downloaded the Alexa Tool bar for Firefox. Great SEO Tool.
Writing info on a white board and really wish I had the following options: copy/paste & undo!
I got so much swag its crazy man lmfao : lmaoooo u so silly cuzo had me crying tears dude"
I went to my nieces 3rd birthday party today. She looked at me and went "Where's biebers?" we both love you♥
Will we be seeing you at the Wx Committee Meeting @ 2:15pm?
Happy Mother's Day! Mom's are the best!
wait wait wait. You never said THIS was an option.... Seattle is looking mighty fine now.....
Curation can be as simple as your friends sharing photos, says RT
Always a party at the Kilt! RT : Victory party continues Tonight!!
Appreciate that!
nice meeting you guys!!
Where's the love for Detroit? We'd love to talk with you about and
I SEEN THIS GUY COMIN OUT OF HOBBY LOBBY ..HE SAID FLOWERS R MY SPECIALITY....HIS NAME IS DAISY..
Murphy's is better, especially in the nitro can or on tap.
keep on rockin' Ted
In the one reality, the only time on the clock is now.
The Sass Pistols
I believe Brown was making a smart play. He could have grabbed it with foot out of bounds. Ball on 40.
Happy Friday everyone! Have a fun and safe Halloween weekend!
#brettbielema is a terrible clock manager
I emailed you a jpeg of the Migne
Florida sucking up the sun!! 90 degree!! Now
Working on a lab write up with :D
Is anyone awake? Lol, my timeline is so dead.
Thanks! I hope my post on getting started in digital humanities is useful.
follow back...
I'm in serious need of an herbalist in my new neighborhood
Happy St. Valentine's Day everybody.
awwrhh were growing with you know there off proud mahomie how far you've come..<3
lol agreed! And it shocked me because the driver was dressed like a pin-up girl, then had the nerve to care about an ID lol!
I swear Gingrich just likes to rewrite history so it benefits him, even when we know he's wrong. I don't believe a word he says.
I wanna get a tattoo up there . . . but no money for one :(
omg that is so funny! We were so mean! I haven't seen you in forever, How are you?!
Pocket ReTweeted... That was new.
OpenLayers can be embedded a lot like Google maps, though its a little different. Has good documentation and more open licensing.
had a BLAST at SRQ's smokin' HOT new club, the LOFT!! Stoked that we got to see and hear DJ SinnaG
not immature! I think about it errday of my life.
Cookies and milk, chillin, pizza party I love chemistry
I'm just now getting to wear mine again after having one cut my eye. Have been wearing glasses for about the last 5 or 6 days.
Why am I so bad at grasping instagram? Just realized you can add filters to pics already taken.... This changes everything. For the better.
Counting down to today's #DETROPIA premiere ! A big day ahead for
Clothes clothes clothes -- new vendor just arrived with gorgeous slightly used clothes for women from just $1 per item!
so exited about fun project with and chef
yeahh I used to do that .. but its disrespectful though
Why would the #NFL put the #Packers and #Bears on at 315? The anticipation is killing me!
Cathy thank you so much for the opportunity to earn your business! Looking forward to working with you! Thanks again!
#FF my blog contributors Keep those awesome posts/reviews coming guys! :D
I feel very confident making that assumption. Sugar coating it (like they did with Britney Murphy) only mutes the message.
lol i feel it. Maybe soon but I don't have shit right now.
Driver crashes into a flower shop after hitting several parked cars and hitting a killing a pedestrian. Police investigating:...
Really don't want to go to work
FSU <3 #fayetteville bound for college
RT Relaborate finishes in top 5 First Look Forum. Congrats to winner Mountain Logic. Very cool product.
its co ma nigga. :D ayy well good night heidy :) Sweet Dreams Snika Bah ;) lol bye see ya tomorrow good luck on your test<3
The Moon is always there. It was such a great sight to see.
Enjoying elk burger and son at Local Burger in Lawrence. Not necessarially in that order.
Friday Special: pan-seared, scallop mousseline-stuffed sole filet served atop wild mushroom risotto & asparagus w/ a hazelnut orange...
"last night got the best of me..."
So insane. New definition of breakin' a sweat. Shiiiiit.
hey George, do u print tshirts?
Get Groupon for Mobile- savings on the go!
Congrats to for earning doctoral degree in organizational learning and leadership from Barry U!
hey girl! I membaaaa you! It's been going fantastic! How are you doing?
In school!!! Mondays r boring
WMYB is on my radio right!!!
& Day at lineup of yummy beers to taste.You say 'Why?', I say you're crazy for debating..
Had a gr8 dinner with a friend from #Knoxville who asked my son what was the 1st protest he remembers attending and it was with Sweet!
Cause you've been hurt before, i can see it in your eyes. You try to smile it away, some things you can't disguise.
best thing since twinkle fingers?
Beard is beautiful.
RT Warner Communications paid $28 mil for the copyright to 'Happy Birthday'. Some songs should be unencumbered!
i got a lot of livin to do before i die an i aint got time to waste... lets make it
Just rearranged my room and now me and nalah have more space for activities!!
If Rush took birth control, he'd be less hormonal. Too bad his pill planner's full to the brim w/ oxytocin & viagra.
Axford could not extend the streak to 50 games. But his 49 straight is the fourth longest in MLB history.
A.J. What a stud! Leggo
Thank you, Mr. President for saying NO to KXL.
Invite Ray Fosse and Bo Belinsky!
Loved 's last point about bringing the virtual space back into the physical space.
Tonight at #SEMF2012 is going to be bonkers w and and nearly a dozen more artists! Come thru!
At this point, how many MWC teams do you see making the tournament? Believe it can be more than UNLV, SDSU and NM?
haha don't talk about Daniela like that xD! Ratchet is a hilarious word >_< haha
LOL!!! I don't think I'd get this bank.
Discovered after a bad run in with Great pizza and wings! I am an instant fan! YUM Goodbye terrible customer service!
MT : Dong & Davis have been digitizing the [VA] Central State [Mental] Hospital records since 2010. Amazing project.
Today officially starts vacation!! Time to have fun!! Any ideas for what i should do over the next 11 days?!
Don't think cuz u read a couple of books you know what you're doing. It's all in how you apply the knowledge!
Short sucks :( I can get tickled so easily (x
Greatest of all time! :-D RT:“: I love Eminem .”
yeap have to talk more since I actually see you waiting at the car all the time on my way home xD x
Dear Spencer, please stop saying "so" as much as you do. Thanks, Everyone.
We're having BOGO special so you can BOTH come in & relax with a great deal! Your backs will thank you. :)
Word! You know it! RT : RT : Retweet this post if you ate a healthy food today! --> We did!
Thanks! Great site by the way -- I just bookmarked it.
you're a good few years younger than me and have accomplished a lot more.
wishes she was with at the taste of chicago! Sry we don't have better weather for ya!
Wait a second... What time and day is it on the north/south pole? Can you run in a circle to travel through time?
You and me both. I mean, not the dress, the unbrokified part...
for a loan? we can refer you and save you some money on closing costs if you want
I can now count my number of NYU dance days on one hand. So crazy. Let's do this :)
Cultural Center Cafe opens at 8am. Today's special 2eggs, corned beef and toast $3.45 eat in or carry out.
Whatever happened to Rich Boy?
happy mini-cinco-graduation-derby day. someone get me a margarita mint julep w/ a tassel and call it "the finish line."
Why don't you come to for drinks and a bite! I think the "Death After Dark" cocktail is perfect for you!
Well back home sisi had such a good day at school, n i felt good health wise thank u jesus for this day...let se whts next o ya diner spaget
that's a great notorious BIG lyric.
"Here at we like to focus on our internal processes vs. customer experience. It really pay's off." Said no one ever at Apple.
Someone needs to write about ethanol for this blog carnival.
Thank God it's Friday..Look Out Weekend-Here We Come!!:)
Living by example is the best leadership without persuasion or coercion.
which label and what 2 is it down to?
Dinner with people I love ☺
Woke up at 2am thinking about packing. Got up at 3am to sort, toss, make lists, back up my computer. So quiet at 3am.
home in less than a week!
On the hunt for a music producer !!!
so excited that Tycho () is coming to campus for #CultureShock2012!!!
thanks for the mention! We actually did meet several SXSWs ago. I was hangin with the folks.
Fuck im So fucked this morning
Gamestop?! I thought you got a new job?
I'm eating dinner in front of the TV,I look out the window, and a car is just sitting there in the middle of the road next to my house? uh
you make me jealous!
Off to the best buy in nyc...playing a show..then....CHINA TOWN...best part of the day ;)
They played zero games at this #Graduation performance
you watch your language
#FF my fellow Shawn Kemp's Kids
Had a great family weekend. :)
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE :-\
Please follow me!!<3
Thank you God. I'm not ready yet to fill those shoes.
are you a Nebraskan?! I grew up in Omaha & people think I'm nuts. Forcing my coworkers to celebrate today :)
Covered in Dunn Edwards paint. Calling it a day and headed home to the shower.
Hey web dev ppl - I have 2 ?'s. One is about WordPress directories and one is about a .htc ie png fix file. Anyone want to help me pls? :)
and youu have a great Tuesday ;)
Thanks god its Friday! Beautiful day in NY and Party Tonight ! WMC feels so close!
Doing well. can't complain... I just went out and got a few of your products...
I'm glad the demon dogs from Ghostbusters got another job in Hunger Games. They've been out of work a long time.
ACRL Futures Thinking: so far the call is no job for me in 20 years.
Thank you, thank you!!!
I guess I can forgive you! :)
lol this band is pretty suicidal (: hahaz im listening to Hollywood Undead
LET'S GO RANGERS!!!
Thanks for the RT! Time flies...and shows get sold out ):
According to , I'm influential about Smartphones, Etiquette, and Nelson Mandela. I find this a hilarious combination.
aw u still saw this tweet:) i love it ahah (: im goin to bed tho night night:) oh and btw i poked u on fb.. Aha
"You really should try this place."
Tektronix MDO4000 Oscilloscope Wins Prestigious ACE Awards In Test And Measurement Systems And Boards Category
Another Shot, Pro 23:7 For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he:
Time to volunteer in the boy's class. We are making peanut butter play dough.
I think it pretty much does, but then he knows who Journey is, so . . .
your orientation lock no longer works?
Designing some billiard collateral this morning...looking for our poker face!
I'm here until the morning but not for the postconference.
Ok . You need to give it a rest for the day. This is too much for me to handle.
thank you! :)
AND I WONDER WHY I'M SINGLE11!!!!!111!
tough week huh.....
yea im at the crib-o....
Good morning everyone, I just woke up . And I'm hungry as hell. What's for breakfast peeps?
happy birthday Selena happy birthday Selena happy birthday Selena happy birthday Selena happy birthday Selena happy birthday
I'm speechless. And that's all I have to say on the subject.
Looking for a stocking stuffer? Our Cow Calendar or a gift card would make a great addition! Stop by and pick up yours today!
YOBI Live show this week.
This middle aged man just called me Bro... Nice man. #CaliSwag?
Waking up early in the morning to cover a sunrise service. Wishing it was easier to fall asleep... Guess I should put the phone down
I started writing this post about psychogeography about 3 months ago, wonder if I can get myself to finish it.
Saw Blood Diamond History channel doc was edited by It was really well done.
thanks for the follow and damn u too sexy. U need a scar or something to seem average cuz u too fucking fine. At my limit
Playing tonight and Ink Life Tattoo and Music Festival Saturday, April 16 @ 3:30! See you there, OKC!
seems like it could be fun, but it has some really irritating issues now. Like, what's with the dialogue?
I wish I could be sleeping next to you right now! :) this is getting creepy.
"Cloud Nine" told the clueless dolt why he could no longer ever be welcomed back.
Who's going to Bockfest tomorrow? I'm glad not to have to wear snowpants with the nicer weather.
PLEASE FOLLOW BACK!!! I LOVE JUSTIN! <3
any big plans while in Vegas?
I have enough problems of my own.
I wonder if people in Mexico get hammered on July 4th?
Who know where to get quality clones at in la, ie or daygo?
Thanks, Rachael!
I love America. I love Wisconsin. I love Beer. I love cheese. I love hamburgers. I love Cindy. BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY I LOVE THE PACK!
": Go around the roundabout with your feet out #bestthingever" how the fuck is that even possible?!?
Bringing some to MARAC?
Ah that makes more sense ;-) phew. We were very worried there for a moment!
I think those are the people who told me about your co. Glad to know they're settled.
Those stupid butterflies i get in my tummy when im around him
Aww man, I forgot to set my DVR for tonight's #StellarAwards... Thankfully I have FB & ur tweets. I wonder if it will reair
This installation of Snow Leopard is no fun without the bootable DVD.
MLB baffles me. They have awesome stuff like this, but then they also make some of the most boneheaded decisions.
Is it the fastfood chains' fault for obesity and all the processed foods available or is it the people themselves?
a wise man believes none of what reads, and only half of what he sees! Good words to consider, for everyday life!
in Djoker box, now that's a Mind F***!
Three cups of coffee and the fog still persists ?? Damn, the 70's weren't kind to me.
are u in Chicago all summer? I'm headed down there in July
so what
I Love You Kimmy :) .
I can't do it until tomorrow im on my cell lol
Dip Dip Promo & Da Foundation Presents: DIP GIRLS ENT.
Charge per entry and donate proceeds?
Maybe I'll have to do something a little less risky right before I leave. Birdwatching? :)
perhaps, cure will come from genome research - they are so close!
Thank for the inspiration.
Its the freakin weekin y'all.. grab a brew, crack it open, take a pull, repeat
Ready for season 3 of #workaholics !
"At the risk of being grandiloquent..." Oh, Julian Fellowes, how I love you.
what is this weird message wtf
Only if you promise to behave
lol I got a message saying you following me I'm like?No shit jajajaja
were going too! i promise :)
Good Night #Twitter! School tomorrow #UGH!!!
Hey , all the cool kids hang out on
Corey Wells....thanks again for following and for the quotes. -douggieb
“: have an awful time trying to get lean again bc your metabolism is destroyed” Agree that starving is not good choice
That's deep.
Ah, sarcasm!
I think I just ate the best dinner I've ever had in my life
I believe I can fly... #Wowzers that brought back some memeries
Senior centers offer activities
ARE YOUR EYES REALLY THAT BLUE!?
:) “: "Great documentary" trending? That's awesome. Glad the Twitterverse liked it. #magic”
haha RT : How embarrassing is it that Columbus, Ohio makes the national news on because of cows escaping? <headsmack>
Attendee to panelist: I can't move up closer I need the outlet. I have a *DELL.*
I dont know anything so I cant judge
Why is my dad putting his bare ass in my moms face? 😣I'm blind
I smile when my phone buzzes, because I always know it's you ♥
have a cocktail and watch football. Then clean out the garage and have a cocktail. Cleaning is better with booze.
National Small Business Week: Step Ahead Services small business fact #4: Specialize in transportation needs of small groups (10 or less).
Thanks! Be sure to check out the site on your phone too! Hopefully, you'll find it useful!
Hahaha i can tell is pissed
Hey how are you?
mines good
All taken care of. Let us know if you have any other questions.
": D-Malice & - Motherland OUT SOON on "that's wassup! Yes! Skype later?
BP! thanks for the follow bro <3
Very productive! Even moved furniture around..with that said, its bedtime!
Can Microsoft Find the Cloud&#39;s Silver Lining? | Welcome to CIMI ...
Props for your choice to move to WordPress. It's pretty powerful. We use Google Docs + WordPress to dump our copy straight in
Shrimp tacos were a big hit! Way better than last time.
only god knows how they make those sloppy boobs stay up
Those eggs were too good
Thanks for the band info! Keep it coming! What abt beer? If you had a #BEER wish list, what would it be? What do you want us to carry?
NBC called Go On and The New Normal its best new comedies next season
are you trying for tickets? 2013 tour?
The President is going to ace this commencement speech, you can tell already. But honestly, did anyone expect otherwise?
Which is weird because I saw Roger at Starbucks yesterday... “: Just discovered my dog doesn't like coffee. What. A weirdo.”
I agree, it's brilliant. But it's not exactly a crowded field, central bank satire.
You had me at Guinness Burgers
beat that ah!
Bout to be 1200 tweets deep a big milestone for ya boy
playing on xmas lets go LA!!! :)
RT : Samsung Electronics has recently made a legal request in the United States for Apple to unveil its contract with Qualcomm
i neva said i was beaten up you did i say leah i dnt think so but im still beaten you up to
Because NO ONE hates those things and ANYONE who says they do is a lying.
#MothersDay is only a week away! has gift ideas galore for mom!
Love the smell of their baby poop and bad breath. Kind of like the smell is a biological marker or something!
Lol i knew you would.
Not sure why peeps want a RT I think a follow would be way more awesome :D Just sayin. Much Love Sean from Tiffy ;)
After all, "Corporations are People." so they do deserve handouts. How nutty can one get? wake up folks!
You have to believe in yourself,that's a part of growing up.
I dropped a tv stand on my big toe, my poor big toe. Had a great surprise phone call tonight from one of the best hairstylist, a mentor.
I think hardest part about being #ntt faculty is that how well you do your job has very little bearing on whether you get to keep it.
wow. your an amazing! singer.. <3 <3 :)
They thought Taylor was going to win....
Hi Jake, thanks for asking. Currently we are not offering internships. Best of luck to you.
Ive been saying that shit for years, it tastes like a zombies ass after they workout
you're all right, apologies for reminding you of your suffering! It gets better...in a few months.
nada just checking on ya
just said "That yuga flame" when describing the film "The Craft" lol...funny thing is I agreed w/the description lol YUGA FLAME
It will be worth it in the end RT : Photographing my linesheet & small lookbook in film may not have been the most time...
I moved furniture yesterday. Today my body is reminding me that there have been a lot of years since I was 25.
haha I love that movie
made it around 1 am last night. heading to ACC shortly
After today, we have ONE MORE DAY LEFT.!
whats up, we is twitter friends!
I just wanna hold your hand.
There should be more books about the people behind the powerful that gave told the truth. Not a yes man. Logical.Practical.
BC retakes the lead at the end of the period on a power play goal by Chris Kreider. BC up 2-1
Equipment rental orientation this Sunday, May 23rd at 1pm at Akron Art Museum. You don't have to intend to rent. No registration required.
are you fucken serious?!
g00d morning and #GR* week cheers!!
. says speculation over him running for prez is "flattering." But it can also be "distracting."
thanks for looking out for us!!
Their cocky fans is why I hate the ravens. Sorry Bro All u Ravens fans get off my timeline. Bengals didnt have AJ Green
There should be balance with fashion, color can make or break you
This dude was laying down and still singing his ass off
Are you in aussie yen currently/thoughts on this major trend line?
RT Most imp thing to do with Google+ is claim your website and/or blog. That will help w/SEO on the platform.
Happy Pi Day, geeklings.
I stand corrected u hav chosen to reply 3x's. 2x's in one week to my first comment& 2d. No disrespect intended, enuff said.
espn3 poker grudge match on air now
We are by your side all the way hon. I will be first in line to buy your album, & see u live <3. Sending u hugs from Seattle.
it'll be online sometime next week :)
Will you add "life-deep" to that conversation?
Definitely is #BestDressed wearing a suit!
Wish you were there as well, professor. We'll keep the blog posts coming!
CNT CRY OVER THE SPILT MILK
oh well thats good! Yay! well you are ALL DONE WITH YOUR SOPHOMORE YEAR OF COLLEGE! YEEEEEE :)
thank you for the follow!!
u have to! Ill b alone in gym!
I have a good arm. That is why I played it. xD
This dumb ass final
lol thank you. & okay happy mother's day godmommy lol
I think we all can agree it is over now that Nathan is involved!
I forgot how good Screaming Lord Sutch is!!
Just staying in tonight.
breaking bread
Happy birthday hoeeeee! I love you-
You were the smartest person in the room plenty of times especially when it was just you and me!
check pon di rub a dub scene...seen? under Cha!
Still singing , softball cheers .. -________-
A few minutes ago I was tired as fuck, now I want to play Mortal Kombat
Valerie Sindel just got a bruise.
easy Ms. Perfect.
Draw Something is hilarious. I'm a terrible drawer haha
Saw this sign at when I had lunch this weekend. Sign has been autographed by Coke execs including Don Keough ^TR
YAY IS BACK ON TWITTER!
twitter w/1 hand .. baby semi-permanently attached to other pinkie
Man Hell Naw Where?
Apartment Owners and Property Managers, Call on Ocius, www.ocius.net for your Convergent Billing, Submetering and Utilities Billing needs.
I hope so
tell whoever is saying bad stuff about me to shove it!!
Dr. Gavin Bart on at 11:10 a.m. to talk about alarming new study re: newborns/addiction.
What other photo sharing sites are ahead of it?
RT : College Football HOF Bubba Smith died today. RIP
Just saw the Subaru on Pennsylvania Ave. SE in Washington
hahahaha that's so funny! #6 might happen if I've been sipping on the recipe lol ;)
Yep I'm a bandwagon fan but gotta support the local team Let's go
Oh, so its "none of my business"? #classic Too bad you don't care, and you just don't want to look bad! It IS my business, but not yours!
Laying in bed . I have to piss but I'm tired of getting up and in tired of pissing . can't wait till this weekend <33 #ChaseRobertScott<33
Shout out to all the West Mesa #MiSFiT's
That explains all the catering trucks I've seen today! The Belvedere is not a far walk from my office....
follow me
When I'm the only black person in the bar you don't have to ask me if I'm the one who just checked in on four square...
What answers did you get for the daily to-do list? I use a note pad for quick notes.
on the field on the grind !!
Boyfriend is playing on the radio<3
NHL hockey will be back on March 31st so go to www.watchnhllive.com register to gain access to all the games live for free enjoy the forum!!
I wish that everyday
NY Times Sun bus-CEO S. Archambeau- discusses how to adopt mentors without asking- leadership and "who's got the ball - take ownership
Two more years with ! Congrats! You are the hardest working person in showbiz and you deserve this!
lolz when did you even take that pic!
thank you for the amazing stove! We love it. Looking forward to Thursdays adventure - the convection oven vs 23lb turkey!!
RT Gas is really $4 in Buckhead.Gucci Gas -
Oh Lord, BE WITH ME. Everybody else say a prayer. I sign the lease tomorrow! New shop!!!! Antiques and....
There is only 1 success - 2 B able 2 spend your life in your own way. ~ Christopher Morley
At for briefing on ports of entry at border: new Otay Mesa East, Otay Mesa & San Ysidro. More efficient border= jobs in San Diego
what was that all about...
I left my umbrella in school AGAIN. That's TWO damn umbrellas I have to take home tomorrow. Wf.
You guys totally rock! Thanks for the follow guys. Killer!
guy walks into an advertising agency... HA! Very clever
Warren is def getting up there but I think he's one of a small handful who truly understand the micro&macro dynamics
The good ol' days.
in nigeria at the mo' so can't like ur page. tweet me ur bank details so i can do it when i return. ciao!
why u want that know ??
Haha see what had happened was I started following mad people when I first got this and i never unfollowed people
This critical lens essay is slowly and painfully killing me ... three hours and not even half way done! Hopefully last essay of the year!
Sometimes you can't always listen to others you have to listen to yourself.
Yeah...imagine a month long traffic jam. Ouch!! Though DC IS pretty bad...so is Atlanta.
It feels like Friday
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
I BALLS!
Imagine what the world would be like if it all agreed with you sounds perfect right WRONG it's always good to have 1 person to disagree
I love when i take a test and know that i got a #100%
u havent been on this account in years lol
i will worship the ground you walk on please tell me!i live in nyc!
Oh ya, and please spread the word! :-) Thank you! KickStarter.OperationSoundOff.com
Question, If you are listening to music right now what type of music are you listening to ?!?!
Check out old KOIN Ad KOIN Local 6 News
is that really u beauty?! Missed ur gorgeousness! Xo! ;)
Woah.. Bradley S Perry's voice is changing. Oh my gosh I can't wait til he's like 17. Lol hes gunna be so hot.
yes Newman is one of the greats, but Robert Duvall has always been my absolute favorite.
I think... I'm feeling good enough to eat. Relief.
Another oil well bites the dust, giving up fishing operations. Good thing I will be headed home tomorrow.
Forget Tebow mania, Broncos getting T-BONED.
you're included in that since you're gonna come up here!
No, we may never know official list since only Uthoff is talking. Author of article initially didn't even understand B10 rules
man I thought u was speaking of importanance. Smh
Whenever I take it always reminds me why their metro service SUCKS ASS
The NBA Players' Union is going to have to get more tape for all of the ankles he breaks.
Just when you think theta formal is goin to shits, sig nu saves the day...CAN I GET A SIGMA
It's ok. I saw you with your boy toy. :)
Blah blah blah...
Spurs Win!
Apparently I need my coffee. Can't think of anything else to say this morning.
lmaoo it will trust me cuz time flies anyway
Introducing the 2nd member of The RAW Dream Team...Karina Bryant!!! 3x Judo Olympian & 5x World Silver Medalist!
"Letting go doesn't mean anything goes." Still a need for people to vet, prepare & present information.
thank you sir!
I’m not usually one for speeches, but I have to say how lucky I am to have Blair Waldorf as my best friend.
Tomorrow Meeting The Cast Of #LabRats ;D And Caroline Sunshine!! With RADIO DISNEY!! SO SO SO SO SO SO EXITED!!
We are meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest glory of God thats within us.Not just in some of us; but in everyone.
#FOLLOW so can shave his head! RT
Stop being. Start living.
The story about people fighting over and getting arrested for a new pair of Jordans is embarrassing. This is why people hate us.
A recent study showed that 79% of 341 US physicians surveyed preferred Apple's IPad over any other tablet.
Haha! I want some, too. Next time I write about cheese I need to make sure I have some on standby!
hard working teen <3 :) follow backk?
Aw man, the network's back up. Eh. I'm going home anyway, it's gin o'clock!
Tonight at the Cantab Lounge (738 Mass Ave, Cambridge) 8PM: Boston POETRY SLAM and at 9PM: Candy’s BLUES JAZZ & ROCK Jam!
cool..make sure those peeps stay on schedule...NO OT on your watch!! Crack that whip..haha.. have fun ;)
aw fun! Where were you?
The game is not about becoming somebody, it's about becoming nobody. ~ Ram Dass
What is the best workouts to left up tha booty???
Well your cut the fuck off
first tweet was a retweet of me. that's like a special event.
I associate "Hispano" with Spanish descent. As an American born of Mex ancestry I prefer "Latino" as uniting concept
I have jury duty in April 😁
Thanks for the RT! Hope you are well!
Bahaha! I think someone needs a nap!
About to take a final!! Can't believe this is my last year of ungrad
My calc teacher is such a boss. Great vocab and sense of humor
DJ SPIN here..
so excited about #PSTinLA RT "I think it was a combination of performance art and protest." - bit.ly/qa32Sp
Cher may be a fkn oscar winner, but girl, once you get nominated for an emmy you gonna git yours.
yea. women could have multiple husbands as well or a wife if they wanted!
wait did i just insinuate you're a bear ... perhaps a teddy bear we all LOVE :-)
RT : "Don’t join an easy crowd. You won’t grow. Go where the expectations and demands to perform are high." Jim Rohn
My radio career is over. Nothing but fond memories and well wishes. :)
Thrilled to cheer on our homegrown World Premiere #newplay #SmallEngineRepair at tonight's #Ovations2011 and celebrate a fab season
thank you
After long work week, I can finally chill for a few days
#YouMightBeStupidIf you talk shit about me to my best friend.... Like there not gonna tell me right....?
im down
If your wife wants to learn to drive don't stand in her way
you must try Lollibakes!!! See on fb!!..."Like" them! So yum!
oh I see it now ... & what u mean I'm coming back ?
in the store house of my creative mind are many many innovative shoe designs and all it takes is for the design world to tap into it.
thanks looking forward to working you guys!
Getting the ghost writing web site up and running...may even have story workshops.. soon!
Europe's Debt Continues to Prolong The Great Recession.
Um... I'm no chart aficionado but doesn't the e-book revolution kinda impact shipment of old school actual books?
bye miss you!!
Some beach. Somewhere
Need to slow the fuck down
Wallflowers - One Headlight
RIP Jesus Christ died for my sins thank you
Next week is the Castle season finale? I'm not emotionally prepared!
is staying the night. (:
This may sound weird but I want to be 's sister.(:
Hey guys. I really enjoyed your Social Media Marketing video. It was very concise and helpful.
I think it's pretty obvious how much I like my guy best friend. The straight one.
Yard Work Today :(
Make sure to stop by the #Kiwanis booth at the 3rd Annual PBSFA Fall Festival and get your face painted, enjoy a snocone or hot dog!
RT Whenever a guy hollers at me on the street I can't help but think we could probably have a great future together..
BRING IT ON BUDDY!!! TOOLEY ON DECK!!! LOL": I'm going to show up at 's job and pull the K out..."
I'm such a big chicken that I can't even watch previews of scary movies without freaking out and wanting to change the channel! 😱😲😣
Get scared NY dates 9/30 The loft, Poughkeepsie NY, 10/2 The Studio New York, NY, 10/9 Xtreme wheels Buffalo NY!!!! Whose going to these?!?!
Still feel like a dumbass for calling when I saw him walking downtown yesterday :/
Big week for no..1Bellarmine, swept no.7 Ky Wesleyan and no. 8 So. Ind, firming up hold on top spot in Division II.
I'm tired of being alone, like a rolling stone.
Tough to fathom that a man so flamboyant & cheerful like Seau would take is own life. Rest in Peace, Junior.
I feel so close to you humm
On my way to Madison....mad at my boo.....ugh
"Nobody in football should be called a genius. A genius is a guy like Norman Einstein." -Joe Theismann. The irony.
Did lil Wayne really admit he was gay.?
Nice. Would love to be there!
thank god for another day of waking up happy easter to everybody
I'm heading to an airfield outside Moscow to meet returning cosmonaut Oleg Kotov. The other astros are on their way back to Houston.
Anybody at the lakefront for tonight??
only I would scream at a magic trick
Governor Susanna Martinez will be reading the National Day Of Prayer Proclamation @ The Roundhouse, Thursday, May 3, 2012, 11:30am-12noon, s
John Lucas I one of those real annoying players you hate on other teams but would love on your team
hello Taylor :) I'm Liam.
He ain't no good.
i'm closer to the learning-emerges-from-play side of the spectrum than they deliver-lessons-through-games side :)
Americans DEMAND from 2 "Come Clean&Tell American Public HOW MANY MILLION$ U R HIDING from U.S.Treasury n $wi$$ Bank Account$?
Fuck what you heard recognize what you see bitch!
:) but I have to say: broken face vs broken elbow(s)? I win :)
I spy Girl Scout cookies!!
#ShitNoOneSays go millard west
name of the driver involved in the accident hasn't been released. His condition has been upgraded but sheriff's dept. can't tell us to what.
No worries. things will be taken care of.
if you want porn.. PM my wife...
you're welcome! I love your voice and your lyrics!! greetings from South America!
It's all I can do to drink a cup of coffee.
My job considers alot of waljin running n pacing
We can work on that! Today is my five-year anniversary at LJ! Do I get a cookie with my deadline?
This ad for the new #Droid boasts streaming movies so your kids can be entertained, even when you're camping .. Then why go camping?
hey whts up
and they say "no coach is worth 5 mil a year". LOFL
HELLO FIRST 96 WE LOVE and THANK YOU FOR Your Support! LIVE YOUR DREAMS!!!!
loved being able to tweet questions today!
I Kissed a Girl and I liked it :D
#ewa2010 Terry Hartle: Barack Obama and Sarah Palin have little in common but under federal definition both are college dropouts
An hour to go in the tradeing session and FB only up 5%- I told you!
haha happy to be up :) Had lie in yday. Well, start the day as you mean to go on..? :\
I don't like that "tear" as in tear drop and "tear" as in tear the paper, are spelled the same.
you might win some, but you just lost one. you might win some, but you just lost one.
I need a change.
this guy is too young although its just a year haha
So When Im Gone Ppl Wanna Mess With My Rae Rae
Sorry to hear of your loss.
who will i talk to
drink milk
I still hate you for this.
A little #Meditation everyday unfolds All Possibilities!
Necessary to make sacrifices now for the future..
I'm beyond proud of President affirming his commitment to marriage equality! Way to go
gangsters dont dance...we boogie
#amreading The Bizarre Truth by Andrew Zimmern. Big fan of Zimmern but the book isn't the world's most exciting. Still a decent read.
RT : Life is 2 precious 2 mismanage important moments by empowering ur ego! Yield 2 the Holy Spirit n let him lead U!
This lacrosse game is nuts...very frustrating from the #Gators perspective. Now 3-all in the 2nd.
school libraries - a place of refuge for kids; in today's world of bullying, the library is really a special sanctuary
Today is what living in Florida is all about! 74degrees
In the cosmetic & perfume industries alone, over 800 neurotoxic compounds have been used!
I didnt but they are good.
MiM Mailbag post: Pumping during fellowship, the follow-up
How did the Stros win that game??!!...great comeback win.
Spring Training Scoreboard Emergency Alerts >Spring Training Scoreboard Proposals
i know i can make it, that be my
There's a debate about what is "real art" in the comments. I hope some #2amt folks wade in.
His next court date is on the 17th, that's when he gets a chance to get out.
Love to; can’t afford tix. Next time, perhaps.
are you going to see her??
iWork is a HUGE bonus. Now we're getting somewhere!
that moment when your old brother in laws gang up on you lmbo i love Ace && Blayz so much
Hurricane season is extended until November 2012. Hurricane Bruzzesi is sweeping thru the nation with a "I am creating jobs now campaign"
Electro Dance Pop from Sweden is my new obsession. Check out these awesome bands:
my hormones just exploded thank you
The ability to make yourself do what you should do, when you should do it, whether you feel like it or not.
Quick poll: Do you use your car's trunk as a storage facility and always have tons of stuff in there? If yes: Why the eff do you do that???
Thanks Prem for giving those records. He's raping them on ustream right now son!!!
#gamesiplayedwheniwaslittle nfsu2, simpsons hit and run, call of duty finest hour, super mario sunshine, etc. i <3'd my gamecube
Devil Inside.....don't disappoint me tonight.
If our landlord wants to know why we're moving, I have one word for him: mothereffing slugs. Okay that's two words but still.
...like women are lacking a child even if they never even wanted one. I prefer to use the term "child-free"
Next up, summerfest passes
Another great #skype visit, with the Library Breakfast Club at Blue Valley Southwest High School, KS. Smart, thoughtful kids. Keep reading!
same with yours homie!
I just found the most random pictures on my phone from last night. WTF was I doing?
What teachers helped you reach where you are today?
Did you know that 94% of people eat pizza on a regular basis?
100% illegal to shoot from a vehicle
I just got woken up by the only man in my life.... My Nephew. Best thing to wake up too is seeing his smiling face.
MISSING SAN DIEGO AND ALL MY TWEETNUGGETS!!
loves it!
Thanks for the TT mention and the feature. happy to help, anytime - I love the series.
RT : Discussing w/ coworkers this morning. Still don't think folks understand the importance of the LLN.
I would have to agree with you britt! Have a great Christmas, see you both when we all return!
Gary Hall, author of "Digitize This Book!" is talking to us today about creating an open access university.
lax to sfo
I remember when I had my 1000th tweet... but that was long ago...haha
I can see us together on top We livin' like we hit the jackpot Cha-ching, like money in the bank You should be with me
Dyed my hair black.. but still no one notices......
did u see the butter cow for me?
- Ryan, Ryan, Ryan - MY HEART tells me not to give up. How can I deny it?
Checking things off my to-do list left and right! Next up, gym.
What are YOU wearing to go see Hunger Games!? Get your Katniss on :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)!
so does sex... A lot more too haha. You up for it ?
on vacation this week ... spending a lot of time at local parks, but still drinking just as much coffee!
hahahaha you should make your own commercial for Avengers ;)
you know it! ;)
Im so ready for school to be over. 2 days and 2 half days and im gone ;]
Hey GOP! If you really want to fix Medicare, open it up to younger, healthier people. Problem solved...
Jealous face.
My dream last night ♥ >>>>
working on some stuff.
Recognizing talent
#NYC you disappoint me again. Trying to buy my friend bday dinner- restaurant doesn't take cards!!!
Sounds like UL.... RT ": What's that? You can't pay to upgrade facilities? What's that? State bonds? #WHOisLITTLEbrother ?"
"Aye yo girl... I LIKE DAT SHIRT!"
how much does rick ross eat? holy shit
I betted on the series. But damn Memphis is making me look bad lol
Hart with a nice evening for my fantasy team.
looks just like this bum that keeps showing up at OVW!
I can probably count on no fingers how many UWM students aren't on some variety of stimulant right now.
Can't wait for summer! and may 10th going to be a crazy show love you both!!
With as intros founder Blake Mycoskie as the award winner.
lmao, hell yeah she sleep n'shit, but I know she can hear my phone vibrating n'shit, but she know I wasn't gon be sleep.
Hope everyone is enjoying the hustle of the holidays. Be sure to check out our Facebook page for a chance to win 50 FREE Cookies.
I will! :) but if she refuses we could come and pick you up xD!
i dislike capital as much as the next, but soon to be on the job market, i feel the pressure to write for free :/
lmaoo if I find one xD
Keynote Speaker opens w/ an MLK quote: "I have decided to love, because I find hate to heavy a burden to bear." cc:
They Say You Can't Turn A Bad Girl Good, But Once A Good Girl's Gone Bad ; She's Gone Forever
#CFL is tough sledding; limited TV, gate and sponsorship revenue. Smart to diversify streams!
: Who is coming to see us tonight at tonight?
No doubt!!! Go #AnyoneButHeat RT Dear Clippers. Please beat the Heat right NOW.
M... Gr8 #buylocal biz too! RT : Looking forward to seeing some parents for school meeting. Bring on the coffee!
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER
I don't play with my money
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending. Maria Robinson
yes I smoke weed.. may be a weedhead but this weedhead has three jobs.. how many you got ?? are you educated?? last time I knew yu drop out.
Shout out just heard you on v103 radio station gettin it in for
you started it!
my man I'm humbled sir.
If that's true, then why are there so many pets still without homes?
It's sad to see tweets having to explain that publishers won't work with libraries to provide ebooks to patrons. Total bummer.
personally I think you should do a fro and die it pink
lol omg i just saw this! I miss you more :)
Right now I have to say Happy Birthday to my lovely big brother.
People! I was speaking of matters of the heart. Simmer down!
She's tuning up in the green room.
In case if you all don't know. Wazz Ub program launch date is April 9th of 2012, which is 3 days from today. Join now for Free before 4/9/1…
we're at steats, is vanguard going off?
Boy in my daughter's class named Tarzan. She says he doesn't get teased (anymore) except when he got picked to demo the rings in gym.
Go Joey V!!
heck yes! What about as a northern base?
Excited to get in here next week!
That reminds me of Nutella & Lorna Doones...good times.
preordered and albums, and weirdly, i might be more excited to see the vinyl album covers than i am to listen to the music
So cool to hear on 96.3 country today! I'll definitely brings Energy to work this morning
Stratched 3 things off of my to-do list today. 9997 more to go.
The King has spoken... RT : "Dark Knight Feeling, Die or be a Hero, or Live Long Enough to Yourself Become a Villain"
i have a blonde wig. whatever, fuck it. haha
I just threw a perfect game in #mlbshow12!!!! I want that million!!!!
Who do you think will be replacing Tee Martin at UK? What do you think about him leaving for USC?
Happy birthday to my niece Aliyah. Love you !!!
yes. Peyton Manning is basically the governor of Indiana.
's new show is called America's Best Sandwich, starts June 6th on 10 week show, we'll let you know our air date!
Rock da House!!!!
Always appreciate the wonderful support from ! Great job at promoting & supporting the community!
McKnight Photo applications are due on March 30!
#TGIF Our Koval Gimlet is a local take on the timeless classic. Come enjoy it and our many other #thinklocal #drinklocal specials today.
holy crap... I think u need to tweet more. I don't think you've done enough today. Ha! mkmk
Also need to check out! Her Obama essay 'Speaking in Tongues' was great; an accomplished essayist too. Damn her talent.
Which do you prefer, Nicholas Lee or Nicholas Cole ?
youre scared of the woods? Yeah I can't talk to you anymore.. XD jk love you jey haha
it takes a very talented developer to pilot a larger-than life Arduino... /cc:
had no clue had the DF tats. now the cameo makes so much sense
The end of wisdom is to dream high enough not to lose the dream in the seeking of it. - William Faulkner
i had the scariest dream ever!!! D:
Effing around with and last night, now I'm sleepy
a new puppy with a tag that says "will you marry me" in the empty house we just bought together. It was perfect!
#fun making its first super bowl appearance
So take her - she's yours!
Such an exciting week, that I totally forgot that my episode of #CriminalMinds is reairing Sat. night at 9pm on CBS. Catch it if you can!
for what now? Bruh stay out the court....
I can either be the sweetest girl or the nicest. Completely your choice.
Snake room cleaned!
Sounds delicious!
Have a great time
Calling librarians! Look for Charles Kolb @ #ALA11 this weekend in San Diego.
ok! How can I help?
he looks like my mom and I look like my daddy.
(hides toaster)
I am so excited! I get to see A LOT in the next 2 months! Eek!
Hickory! What about you? Awesome - Howard's a terrific school.
": UM soo i dont exist anymore!!" Sorry boo I been so busy xoxo
I choose to be positive because it's a choice I've made :)
UFC welterweight is temporarily suspended for testing positive for marijuana after his Feb. 4 loss to Carlos Condit in Las Vegas.
I just remembered, I can't wait to see next month!!
Guys. I deleted my account and I got an email saying that it is back. So im being hacked. :/
please tweet me, I don't even care if it's just a punctuation mark. I just really want a tweet from you
I am very excited for this Womens National Championship game tonight! Should be a battle!
I've spent my entire life running from everything, I think that's why I like to just chill now.
YAY!!! i have had my first 100 followers now im on 103
RT : "proceed to party!" Toby Keith jammin' out Red Solo Cup! Sounds great live! (ACMs)
Then they'll lose. It's science. #BlueTopsSuck RT : I hope they wear there blue tops tomorrow.
Haha it's funny in HOA how the teachers think they can get away with things,
I need to learn how to dance Bachata 🎶
pieces of you by jewel, everyone else is doing it... by cranberries, & it isn't underrated, but jagged little pill by alanis
I want a change of pace lol.
Wishing all my followers a safe, enjoyable and happy weekend!
The human brain uses approximately as much energy as a 10 watt light bulb.
You know how it is when you don't want to miss them but you want them to miss you.
Hahaha, okay. As long as it prevents that.
Dhat Ish Krayy #RIPGeorge2 how many are gone i think by tonight 5 Georges will be dead
I know I'm a little young.... But we should still get married!!:) <3
but they are hot.
Fuck that, i'm not gonna go xD As long as she doesn't take attendance
Fingers crossed for you tomorrow.
Put your trust in the Lord and go ahead. Worry gets you no place. - Roy Acuff
Crazy talk. It's a team sport. You don't think he'd average 40 with a top center? I do.
good I dont need no more creepers, lmao
Soon! I promise!
New TV dinner debuts tomorrow - How bout Fried Catfish Fingers, Potatoes, Greens, Grits & more. Come check it out-404.681.4434 to reserve!
In full fundraising mode at MAVC. Mark your calendars for Casino Night on Jan. 23. Details: www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
Only 2 more days of school! :)
Math test: Ba × n²a²= Banana?
It's kind of like when people write "....is busy writing hit songs" as their Facebook status update. Drives me crazy. Haha. :)
life's tragedy is we get old too soon and wise too late
Its been one heck of a day!!
yeah I didn't know it was way out there. Carols pick. Long story. We're at some sushi place now.
but the bad news is I have never used a drill...wish me luck
Why are there flotation devices under plane seats instead of parachutes?
highway robbery that is!
Thanks for the heads up, dudes. Kodak Park/Kodak is crazy.
It's hard to win a race when everyone else has already started and we are still thinking about if we should start.
I want coffee ice cream super bad.
He said he's gonna make a CD of beats and sell it for 15.
I can't wait for 80's day for so spirit week :)
unfollowed a bunch of people who never tweet me back.
must really suck being stuck in the DR at an all inclusive resort...
#DontWifeThatChickIf She can't cook, clean, has no job, or isn't in school. What does she do all day but waste time
“: Girls aren't toys..... You can't just drop them when you get bored.” Aaaaaamennnn!!!!
and : will I see you guys tonight? Time for lunch next week?
Yay!! Film news for Lauren Oliver's Before I Fall!! Congratulations to WOOHOO!!
Having a bad day? Fresh gelato is guaranteed to lift your sprits. We also do custom flavors, just let us know
Finally saw Moneyball. Great flick that makes me miss baseball season Inspired me to not give up on the White Sox quite yet.
Had a dream i was riding in a dump truck full of raisins.
My boys 1st game 2 day....a lil nervous
I do not agree, sir.
Its too earlier! Time for a long day of work.
Someone throws water on your face in the middle of the night and asks you to define the Wasteland in 10 words.
I am so excited. Also so excited for 90 degrees
why i have to get a stale face.?
LOL! You are so funny;)
Dear iPhone, Please stop changing my rude words into nice ones. You piece of shut.
FRUSTRATED BOUT TO DO THE UNTHINKABLE
Q: for librarians who have attended ebook conferences: any experts/speakers out there on etextbooks?
McDonalds... Your feel good commercials about using 'high' quality ingredients will never get me to eat your food! STOP TRYIN'
PIGS ARE IN THE BLANKET. WE have multiple pigs in the blanket!
There's one player that is an exception to that, but for former SEA players, I don't understand the venom.
being a bucks fan is the worst thing ever.
Everybody knows im a muthafuckin monster
Haha thank you! And my mom (who's 43) was there when she said it, and was like, "Gee, thanks, Kelly."
Thanks for the follow , we'd really like to play a show with you and the rest of the ! :D We'll book it!
You already know....
Each day has the potential to Be Great! Find the opportunities to unleash its unique offerings! ~ Me
Dayquill and long islands mix no matter what the package says :p
Thanks AJ. Would love to see it! Cheers, Mara
so proud of you!!! I can breathe now--glad u went first!
she's wrong. we're home to one of the most successful children's apparel chains in the world!
Whatever it is I'm doing right now is defeating the purpose of defeating the purpose.
“: In honor of Fenway's 100th year I'm wearing a brown 3-piece suit, fedora & wingtips to today's game & smoking the whole time”
Gotta get this day moving! Audition at 4:15!
I can see that. Unusual beer. I liked it, but far from a sour. Had a bit of that Orval tasting bite. Can't put finger on it.
Want to hear all about Baldrige this morning.
Re: Last tweet: I meant Billy Gibbons. Sorry.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. - Mahatma Gandhi
Arg. I leave Wednesday and am shooting Mon all day, family day Tues. I will try to squeeze you in. Get back to you soon.
Tip 7. Be wary of others 8. Search for your name or use Google Alerts
Who doesn't love Yahtzee? Who doesn't love drinking? Do both tonight with Jimmy Champion at #WestAllis #BrassMonkey 119th & Greenfield!!
are we going to be performing underwater again??
Oh crap. I just inadvertently tagged some guy whose profile pic is still an egg. Think we can buy the name off him? :)
no he's done. thanks for the nice draft picks for the bengals this year tho. wish you luck but glad ur drama left
The beach was popping now off to mcds before my jog
I see Ronnie Radke c':
LOL bet some of the bigger men would appreciate that. Some of those bikes are tiny!
haha lyrics to a song..and yes please :)
Tequila makes the Packers loss sting a little less. #JustSayin'
lmao i am following back and u swear u will beat me lmao
Will Ferrell in kicking and screaming
I am joining #Mombizmondays tonight for the first time
he's no where to be found! and since there is no one to hold me back, #HitABitch ... I may not be welcome back
RT : Deficit deal also has added benefit of further irritating Paul Krugman.|Asshole. Reporters are supposed to be unbiased.
haha, hope you were referring to me.
Just heard the new song by The Used "I come alive", sounded amazing -so glad that band's still making music
Amber cole got all the followers cause she was sucking dick hell naw lol
awh Big Splash love 💙💦
Hi Pedro, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
I'll be your shower fluffer... (: lmfaooo; that sounds dirty, no?!... I mean, right?!
LOVED Series one & two. The US version SUCKED!
I have been having interesting conversations with this person who has no teeth and I think I keep the combo going to look at their gums...
I'm seeing r riding in Fest parade! Me too!!! Maybe a face to face meeting soon?
I'm out here.
This cheap cab tastes like really good pinot noir. Not complainin'.
I love me some cookie 😘
Tried to call my folks in DC/NOVA but no luck.
hah there must be one close by! I am heartbroken that I am only finding out about this now...
Sign up on my list at aestheticbodybuilding.com and Ill send you info as it becomes available.
we can get on right here right now back seat we ion have to make it to tha suit
Pocket Broadcaster seems to connect but don't know if I actually output earlier.
The buccos are winning the world series in the next three years.
"Nene take Andre Miller with you!!!
Catching people picking their nose in the car...
its seriously psycho how much we have. Lol. And we sold a bunch in our garage sale! They are fun to look through lol
#IfTheyShutDownTwitter i will die. twitter, scratch that the internet is apart of my life. i love having fun and making new friends.
well im glad to here dat n da same... :)
Thanks! I appreciate it! :)
"Central Park", Atlantic Station,Atl- Some lady w/ mighty tooth braces looking to sign me up for a bible study group.[..]Later- a gunshot?
lol don't most girls watch tv and eat craploads of ice cream or something
At the end of every diet, the path curves back to the trough. Mason Cooley
although the presentation was cut short, we'll pick up where we left off next week.
re: refactoring. Thx for the link. Very little of my code is optimized in any way.
Are you at the game Dave Isaac?
#nowwatching Jumping The Broom. One of my favorite movies.
she is awesome!! and actually extremely fearless of rollercoasters. just sayin.
Hi John thanks for the follow. I live in Florida as well. Port St Lucie. Let's keep in touch. Looking forward to your tips
CHICAGO LOOP! !!We bring delicious cakes to your office, business, or residence.
there were no refs, we had 3 players so we had to borrow players from the other team and we played for fun
im goin' with shania twain at the moment
Oh, how I long for a normal work schedule. To sleep at night and live life when the rest of the world does would be divine!
im watching victoria justice ustream on youtube. lol
hey cutie ;)
Oh believe me, I know :)
Tweetin' on my cell phone.
Sports analyst Neil deMause notes that Sacramento mayor wants to build an arena, with or without anchor tenant; calls it "Kansas City model"
"I killed Superman/ broke Batmans back/ even the Heman ain't got the powers of THE SHAQ ATTAQ!!"
Messi was 13 years old when he came to Barcelona.
Awesome. Get after it. Stay positive RT : first match of the season for us too #GAMEON!
Gucci mane has the most crustiest lips :^(
": offensively he looks good. He's not selling his bumps well imho" slow pace as well
oh okk xP dont worry I don't even tweet that much haha
DM us please.
Brie cheese and red grapes !!!
you guys have a smash with !! Amazing performer!
Living in the moment & responding fully creates that pit of anxiety in the gut. That means exciting things. Focus on doing.
"What is Monday?" Normal people: "Monday is a day of the week" Me: "Hell."
samesies. Makes me want to gouge my eyes out
Headaches: one-sided headache with dry eyes and blurred vision (migraine)
So thankful for God's hand in my life.
The debt "crisis" is done. Awesome. Can we please tax the ever loving shit out of people who own private airplanes now?
Skipping school to go to the river
Made dinner ,worked on photos,juiced,made popcorn,watched porn theater(thats an old movie)watered plants,and cleaned,and took a bath!
Can you say "as American as apple pie" if the apples are from New Zealand or Chile? I'm looking at you
:) Someday Amber And i will share a room in a mental institution Lol And We get to wear strait jackets And bite people
cool comics!
I follow ;)
Stunning to sit here and flip through the Ulysses notebooks. I've seen them before, but to have them to study and teach-- just wow!
Wife has a surprise for me at 4. No clue what it could be
Always blinded by the sun when it rarely appears...
mention me.. i'll mention you back.. i need more followers ^_^
Just how hard is AP English >.<
I'll be in Nashville, too! Sounds like quite a crowd.
BBCOR bats are new rule for safety/fairness but will make winning that bushel of Juicy Nookies by hittng HR bullseye on The Nook lots harder
Starting to think I'm the only one who has what it takes.
appreciate that fam
this collection is breath taking! Thanks for tweeting it!
Lost Highway
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you're tracks are bigger than your ass.
#newyearsresolution not to make a new years resolution
is checking out the latest baseball news
Poised Creation has gone through the ups and downs! Thanks for being there!
Lmao you already got accepted <3 and when are you auditioning for your first movie ;) lol
hello, I follow you back :)
The 'Zilla was at the opening of Phil's new place in San Rafael last night. It was nice.
we have an open slot in July! You should for sure do one we need more ladytypes.
So i went to sonic today... and i ordered a watermelon slush and the girl asked me ok um what FLAVOR!?!? ( STUPID HOE)
his human side. I would like to see a real wedding for Lois and Clark, but on a small/intimate scale! :)
Push me under. Pull me farther. Take me all way.
on my way 2 work! Big game this weekend!
Thanks for the positive feedback and the share!
NYC always makes me feel like it took my brain out of my skull, wrung it like a rag, then sloppily replaced it.
Ecstatic, eclectic #FF and happy weekend:
Your're a month late, but welcome aboard!! RT This #Brewers team needs a shakeup badly. Start benching and DFAing some people, now.
Before giving a blood transfusion, find out if the blood is affirmative or negative. (If it abstains, don't give anything).
I so knew this was gonna happen.
Hey guys, if you haven't yet, please follow our new page thanks
I, for one, like the Matt Devlin impression. I've been bothered by that for quite some time.
POWER HOUR! Our #happyhour is back on from 9-10! Show up and try to put a dent in our provisions. And try our new pizza for $5!
Let there be no compulsion in religion. Truth stands out clearly from error - Quran 2:256
Thanks! Will check it out!
Ive always wanted to be a police officer and a teacher! Im a Sergeant and Monday I'll be the substitute for my daughter's class #excited!
now I see why you'd subtweet about her :P
Tickets are in for the March 10th show at Renos Chop Shop in Dallas TX, Get yours before they are gone! $10 for 21+
Shame Trent Richardson's twitter was a fake. Hopefully the real TR will be just as happy to play for the
thanks for watching it with me even though ur redsox demolished my cardinal!
omg! Your seats are so close!!
Excited about the meeting for the Chicago West Loop Fulton Market Walk in May.
#SinceWeBeingHonest I hate texting you first, I love it when you text me first
lol “: Joey Cora is letting Chad Gaudin hit for himself with the winning run on third base in the 10th inning.”
#IfYouKnowMe , you'd know I'm an "in the moment " kind of person. And I change my mind alot
"It's not about who gets credit; it's about who gets help" Sen Barb.Mikulski talks facts, doesn't pander
I just saw this! What kind of things does she like to do?
Oh the joys of West Coast sport watching.... I really, REALLY miss this timezone!
I would never tell any company how to pay or treat their employees. Police/fire/emergency workers don't face scrutiny either. Why teachers?
they were so loud I could hear them on your cubicle webcam
If you could see my heart and see how much love it holds for this one special person its crazy. She just dont know 4-3-12:)
this week flew by :]
These stupid sons of bitches are supposed to be going north and south...but both thesr monkeys are going in the same direction
Another Friday night at the studio.... missing my friends... only 4 weeks or so to go!!!
I had a dream today would be a good day
Going to my auntie Graduation tomorrow : )
I want to man. When is it this year?
#Wildbills was a good move today #NOWresting #HaloLounge will be epic tommorow !!!!
But if it was!
really should have voted early. shuttle has to pick me up at the polling station so I can make my flight to
ABOUT A WEEK - Both actors, Matt Hayek and Jerome Vital, have worked with Saba in Sherry's Kitchen.
Looking for suggestions on how to get more individual students for tutoring ESL in Boston. Anybody?
only use QR code toLinkedIn if it adds value!
lol. Indeed not.
Beautiful colon brown color on that wall!
made it call u later LVU
Remember when planking was cool?
Is it not a "real" relationship if we haven't had a single fight?
taking a shower in spaghetti sauce with
always happy to help! :)
UTC Papers this morning, Cold War II lecture and discussion of Muslim Women authors in the afternoon.
I inhale pure earth. I release the white ghost.
New music coming soon, keep reading guys
Having some cold ones and rooting hard for The Hoosiers in honor of and
Back in the tweet saddle! Woot.
great, obama is finally on board with an idea he should have supported before any of us voted for him. Big Win!
My bbq just blew up while my dad was putting the steaks to cook, thank god he's okay.
what job are you promoting...
: Gonna be honest here guys... I feel better in black than in fire. if I feel better, I'll skate better
how do i get this smell outta my hair
is overhearing the cops on the street official enough?
or your number? Trustme I'm not tryna hit you up. 8016952772
you won't x
There's no crying in catering.
meant to say oval office
Back at ya!
oh calm down! :) Sincerely, someone on the verge of 31
"No chatting. I'm managing. Bam."
We're playing tomorrow, 11pm at Stubb's inside if you'd like to join us
Big shout out to all my peeps at [*Place*]! You guys are the [*Superlative*]! Thanks for a great [*Time of Day*] and for giving me [*STD*]!
is it on MTV tonight ? :D
To celebrate #FollowFriday today, I'm unfollowing and de-listing some assholes starting...right now!
Its a beautiful sunny day but I need some TLC from my boo #RealTalk - XavierLT.com
"my fucking boyfriend" OMG, I can't. *fandom explodes*
#whateverhappenedto my sex life? Seriously, my ex-wife took that away from me too.
#Romney: For 25 years I lived and breathed the #economy and #jobs. You can't learn that teaching constitutional law.
:O what did I say please talk to me on there
Yes I would love a vitamix please thank you!
it used to be much higher (on mrsajbombers). i've let my tweeting slip a bit...
Funded Proposal | Tony Penman&#39;s Internet Marketing Blog
Stop stalking me -_-
I hate dick riders........smh
haha earl you always country aint nobody gotta bring it out lol
The good acoustics outside of the former Library atrium now Star Bucks attract musical students, entertaining mid-afternoon foragers.
I want to loaf you, and treat you right
Socially awkward people <
very welcome!
I am looking forward to returning to L.A. We are going to create magic!!
LinkedIn Fans Rejoice: Your iPad App Has Arrived The popular business networking site has created an app for Apple's tablet.
It's amazing how just 5 short yrs ago when we had to go to the bullpen w/ the lead, it was safe to leave being certain we'd pull out an L.
Blistered fingertips and juicing limes not the best combo
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Thursday 04/12/12 is Ian, Alex and Dan!
So cold. going to die
Thanks Natalie.
Just what shopping!
Thats cool, either way its good exercise.
What kinds of things or ideas inspire your writing?
“: Want to join?” I wanna but family is visiting Sat. : ( I'm gonna miss Cheech.
It was quite hysterical today to hear a Macys employee singing "Let me see that thong" while rearranging underwear today.
There was, you just forgot.
Getting light headed and puking <<<
It is so hot it's like 90 out here
Today's Flatbread: Grilled Chicken w/ tomatoes, spinach, onions & provel Soups: Creamy Tomato or Black Raspberry Gazpacho
actually, i would love to have a chat with you about trans access at some point. work i'm doing now has been begging this question
Happy mothers day. Love you mom :)
Love it!
Lets do it!
You're Right Man. everyday I meet young people that think "Theyre all that" and dont have a clue whats gonna happen Next.SAD
I may not own a magic 8 ball but I see karaoke in my future this evening, all signs point to yes.
Now watching 106 yayyy I know I'm 24 mins late !!!! Tell ya why later
The Beatles - Sexy Sadie - 11:37 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
