Sweetest day is around the corner!
Wrapping up my last #studyabroad fair of the week at Western New England University. Losing my voice though!
same here, but it was saxophone! got stuck with the clarinet instead.
Calling ALL #WorldHistory geeks. What's a good name for a cup that represents World History? Akin to the "Stanley Cup"?
No way, business cards are one of adult life's biggest small pleasures :)
Nice conversation over coffee with Wil Merritt, CEO of
sure. let's make a trade ... you write a post for my blog on your favorite padre of all time. deal?
Beautiful Rehearsal with the ladies today!!! :) Off to a GREAT start.
Ok this concert is beginning to closely resemble a nighrmare i think i had.
Thanks for the follow, Jessica. Cheers for safe travels!
Shots!!!shots!!shots!!shots!!shots!! #LMFAOallday #IWorkOut Shuffle foo!
Good teams can often play as bad as a terrible opponent...a shame that GWS is playing as bad as the Blues!!!
Finally... now watching last night's...
Bouta go hoop then hit the gym
Wonderful night on the Brookwood Block... knows
just completed a research statement that was EXACTLY 1000 words. boom.
We got a very special delivery from a certain Country Superstar today, and there were smiles all around, in fact we're all still smiling!
ok kelsey so y get mad? y get mad yesterday? dats weed wifey he been wit her since he was young as hell he my.lil homie y would i fukk his..
IM GOOD JUST DOIN A LIL BIT OF WORKING OUT
thanks for lunch
Visit us at www.prosetsgolf.com to take advantage of our 25% off promotion!
hi, how is everything going?
I am ticked at them. I shudder if my folks went in alone.
Merry Christmas everyone! And thanks so much to all of you who came to the show in KC...great to see so many old friends!
I just love being around my boyfriend<3 <3 (:
yeah and my moms out of town and i tried calling her 3 times but no answer. great
Thanks for the RT's and commitment to safe driving!
I get the feeling Twitter is becoming the new Facebook.. dont think I like that too much. Facebook #sucks though..
Mar 18, 1912: Churchill worried that "future generations would wonder at immense proportion of wealth spent on gigantic military machinery."
thanks dear! How was Gatlinsburg?!
thanks so much! I'll be returning the favor word-for-word in a couple days!
Found ya!!
sorry to hear about your boat but this is very common in the Bahamas my dear!
Nice. Refused to write a complete sentence on her homework so she wrote one on the table.
such a woman brave enough to love, yet strong enough to accept a man's past is consistently dwindling.
“ Ughh this headache”
not just in my yard, but on my arm
No one has gotten laid in a Prius unless they rufied their coworker at a business meeting
yea I'm not in Arizona, incase you may how thought I was
RIP, My Sharona.
Johnny Depp as a vampire? Yes, please.
I can't wait to hear all the details
It's not bad as long as I have normal customers. The impatient ones make me a little crazy.
Let's not make this a Game 3 against San Jose, boys.
jogging at castle island
i did
hahaa....well....chance is slim & none, and slim has his coat on about ready to bounce...lol...worth a shot..no?
Is there a tag for the festival? I want to know if dogs are permitted. Thanks for RT
This Week: Open Gym tonight from 6-7:30 w/ Coach Wilson. Hoops after school Thurs. (maybe Wed) w/ me.
#nationaldonutday WISH I WAS EATING DONUTS INSTEAD OF TAKING ACCOUTING FINALS.
Apparently I am responcible for 67 servers in North America. Who knew?
So AC homesick today it's not even funny.
Thanks for the follow, Scott! I used Quickbase at Intuit while I was a program mgr. Seeking to return to Intuit,will check out url!
Just up graded its on this summer
I'll have one up later this week!
That is too funny! I'm from Essex originally.
Well in that case, I feel better. You know manipulating the 99% causes panges on conscience
“: #3WordsForYou suck my butt! ;)” LMFAOOOO this made my night. ONLY THIS BIATCHH. <333
yeah, almost never does though. Too bad I only had to do one set up today!
no :o
nah! Inspired.
Think I've had more than enough "Waltrip Announcing" this weekend.
We're excited to have on board to make Jungol look snazzy!
Who can I help next and how? "B" Used | BELOW THE BRIM LLC
I could never live somewhere where it gets cold
Being sick, just watched the "High" Video with & I feel Better.wanna play my guitar lol After I sleep some more lol
Welcome back OSBLN members
RT : Wouldn't it be cool if there were an ideas market where potential faculty and librarians could matchmake?
The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live. -Elbert Hubbard
Anytime. We love the work that you do!
omg re deep breath. Scott got a real job! Tee hee hee. Sorry doll. Smell ya later!
Hey guys, ths twitter isnt joey max again. Hem Im nt hm
thanks for the RT yesterday!
"if two people love eachother, they should just be together. " . . . Its really not that simple.
good morning to you! And I think YOU'RE the best! Have a great day.
Happy Founders Day to my brothers of Alpha Phi Alpha!
do you ever try to kiss somebody sexy but you end up hitting the mirror instead?
What a great at-bat by Travis Ishikawa! #Brewers tie it 3-3 in the top of the ninth.
Tonight at Indigo West End, in the round with and Brandon Calhoon!!! Come on out! 9:30 :))
There are some really great movies coming out this season! Awesome previews during the #Oscars commercials
It's 1000 negro's in this 5x5 ft damn Sauna.
very intense experience at walgreens today trying to buy razor blades. it took two managers and two sets of keys to open a locked case.
Love walking past the and seeing it too packed to grab a drink. Congrats boys!
touch mine. Mine r pierces
whoa! leland palmer is swamp thing?! revelation...
I love you! Your mixes are sick
Texas hold 'em (;
This girl has some interesting things to say... Follow her and see for yourself! (please, so she will stop bugging me lol)
RT : Lakers Fans are now DLing Doodle Jump so they don't have to watch the game
kudo's 2 David Dorm House Mouse #nsbe Central State OH Black'n Red Snaper Dallas TX like minded ppl associate Props FAMU
thanks y'all!
We’ve got tonight! Take home some cash just for being the smartest person in the room!
I fucking hate the dumb noises that come out of #NickiMinaj mouth.
Jesus tap dancing christ. You were denied a cell phone because you have the credit score of a homeless ghost.
Go Follow shes GORGEOUS and theres no way she loves me more thann i love her! GO FOLLOW HER! YOU WONT REGRET IT! PROMISE! <3
Anyone have plans this weekend? We do. SOCCER! Our boys in blue are back home for Cinco de Mayo!
oh well that's okay . (:
That's just disrespectful. Remember when Lance Armstrong cheated and MJ is a real life jerk, yet both are heroes. Show some class
Janis Joplin - To Love Somebody - 11:15 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Pritchett is a class act and will fit in to your program nicely.
#MEDUSAmonday tweet: Our song "BEER GUT" from our new album #MEDUSA is posted TODAY ONLY. don't miss out. visit our bandcamp page now.
I thought wiz well. That's why.
we are perfectly fine! And why are you in canada? I'm very curious?(:
did you see the email? We released tickets to the waitlist
login: lost passwords are #1 request to website help desks - mobile usually provides NO way to retrieve password
Hi. Im alexis, and i like TJ bell.
I would like to be stuck in a small room with , rotary telephone and a bag of Angel Dust.
thank you Brit!
lmao they're called dance clothes :) and no they're not huchi hahaha
Product of their own making. TNT rags on Barkley incessantly; only a matter of time before they stepped over the line.
Lucky Her - Lil Mo
..it’s a shame that the colors of that day— the blue sky, the vibrant green life...the golden sun everywhere...
You can see how much SYTYCD really cares about the dancers. Also is as stunningly beautiful in person as on TV.
Shove your dick in the pencil sharpener.
Dean, thanks so much for the support. Getting closer + closer. God is so good. Can't wait to introduce John Diego to everyone
Uh, my story was nothing like theirs LOL. Mine was about the program. As you requested.
edc looks sick wish i was going
That's a lucky little niece that's getting a handmade from Auntie Kim!
this. is. the. Diane. Rehm. show.
you need to give that % to me...I'll find you a dope joint in NY. Fcuk that! ll
Just wanted to chit chat sometime. No big. Send you a direct later.
and schools today be filled w/trolls. dammit
“: ...because we should borrow money? Why borrow? He gave 1 billion for what? No jobs?
I listen 2 her heart beat cuz it plays my favorite song.
You should probably check out Anna Wang and the Oh Boys. I was impressed Saturday. :)
Airlinecrew.com is now running on the ning platform!
People who don't like to text back <<<<<
Come hang out at Miller Park, dude.
A little birdy (Dragon) told me you will be in town this weekend. And Dickie too! Yeeeeee!
does everyone forget about driving the speed limit when its drizzling? Assholes.
peanut butter>>>>>>every other food
when will EA Sports finally create a beer league softball game? Give the people what they want!
We've been led to expect a high signal to noise ratio in our online content experience but "always a place for print"
Human. RT wow. are we to assume it's a human or a horse?
Bolton missed a great op there!
I'll check out We The Gathered as well!
My throat is extremely sore!! D:
If you have 30 min you should drive up Flagstaff Mountain. You need to see that city from above!
u just wanna lick your own balls! lol RT : I'm coming back as a dog in my next life!
Going out for Thirsty Thursday with the bestie Freddy! :):)
love the term "cartographically cool"! I'll definitely be using it!
I'm TAing a course on International Libraries this summer: any librarians from outside the US want to Skype in as guest speakers?
I was referring to more serious things. But thanks for letting me know about your wart. I really wanted to know that.. haha
When a person takes a video with ur voice in it and ur just thinking "is that how my voice really sounds"?:O
Girl jus BLOW my MIND!”)
Taking the kiddo to the pediatrician this morning.
If we don't reach 1000 followers by two weeks then I'll still give the most person who gave us shoutouts a bracelet :)
I loved Scott Adams games but, honestly I never played them more than 10 minutes. Go north, go north, look around....
They say the early bird catch the worm......smh screw that worm i'm tired.....lol.....RiseNGrind
Nice productive week. 2 yet unfinished tracks with Anthony, a final mix of a new solo track, & mixing drums for a new solo demo tomorrow.
Oklahoma was fucking AWESOME! Partying right now with people from the show! Wish you were here!
Nora, I can explain the apparent contradiction
Best set eves. You can't stop this. P.S. The 'h is silent.
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Thanks for the follow,Misty! -Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue & Langen Neubacher @ the new #Plush!
Rethinking Intention per I'm feeling a bit scattered, wondering what I'm doing. Her words helped me to refocus.
Does anyone know what a "fan sign" is?
up early and i dont know why..i dont even have class today.
Money from stranger right now be too funny
is wondeing when the snow plow will show up? thanks GOD for 4 wheel drive...
Happy Easter!!! :) Mike
Charles Davis has contributed most content & enthusiasm to analysts' team on NFL Network. Nice job Charles.
hey u home yet? I'm coming...;)
It's true, I don't want to be a cheerleader no more
Need more Stoller. Great pod! : Great friend crushes his appearance on #mohrstories. Well done Freddy Ballgame.
Who hates that annoying loud noise of hunter boots hitting against girls shins when they walk?? Cause I do.
he's a singer that's what he does and in every video he's singing to some girl, I don't know what you talking about
Yeah - me too! Ha. RomComs FTW.
Just drank some gutter-water and inhaled some coal smoke in memory of Chuckie D. This gruel's for my homey.
#S/O all my **New Followers** Tell me what's your passion?
going to bed.
Wrong, YOU'RE driving with a bowl of Lucky Charms and a Guinness between your legs, officer!
Inspiration from my Yogi tea, "Delight the world with your compassion, kindness and grace."
you can only hope and pray
what what?!?! #success my friend You revealed to me things i didn't even know existed. holy moly.
Bout to be 11pm #shower xD waiting for Brendon .... :)
RT : best avi ever<thank you :)
So excited to play my Senior Recital at noon. It'll be the last time I will perform on that stage...
Skipped the first day of school and now I can't sleep. Tomorrow is going to be a rude awakening 💀🔫
Oh! is interested to use my story on iReport :-P
no cant be. it's not everywhere in the news. no.
Former Duluth coach Gary Holquist was a standout player at Marinette Catholic Central. Holquist will stay on in fund raising at UMD.
I'm old..I'm getting ready for bed already
RT - Tom Brady of the New England Patriots hold the single season Touchdown Passing record with 50 he achieved in 2007.
I lost 40 lbs in 2 months! What's my secret?......Don't eat so freakin much.
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself
Movie Of The Day: "Glory"…
come to Texas
checked it! Sorry it's taking me a min. I'll email you back tonight. Thanks Iesha!
I ams sorry that I pressumed there was an actual reason that you mentioned Breitbart in relation to that story. Best.
Listening to PJ's Vitology. This record rocks!
Well...don't fear...as long as there's ACME products---you'll always be able to escape!
Pyrotopia *and* Art All Night...? Sure, why not?
Someone like you..
Time to go outside and play. Lets GO!
It's Monumental Monday! Sign up with discount code tweet for the BEST deal, 6/21/10 ONLY monumentalmarathon.com
ahah awe okay , we need oovoo sometime :) , and yeah i know >_< wyd. ?
Lost two toe nails today thanks to this weekend's back-to-back races. 4th place in the 5k and 16th place in the 10k
If doesn't, I can give you a couple pointers, not a full guide, but I have at least one must see!!
truth be told. bill nye was the magician of the 90's.
come back to Baltimore! Your show at the Lyric is still my favorite live comedy performance. Better than Dustin Diamond!
Me too! RT I hope Amile Jefferson goes to duke to prove you wrong......
ADAVIS = RALPH SAMPSON good pro top pick never dominate in nba,
Great Stuff happening at 1701 Lounge......
your in #denial -____-
Wonder bread...
<3 you too :D
Working on the new site and getting everything all together....the word is out. Taxi Talent Management} Cleveland Ohio
My advice is to contact venues and try to get some space in the press pit :)
Nashville based Roggg Woodruff is helping catch bad guys today with AMW in Tennessee
I'd still eat the entire pan.
i think i need some more friends on twitter.
DC, what do u love about food trucks? @ us!
thats weird, try it again. working just fine for me
Homecoming Dance got shut down because of two fights, gunshots heard and people passing out in McDonald's including a fight because of pizza
I love it when hard work pays off!
#Huguely jury decides to adjourn again at 9am Wednesday. Court ends for the night.
At least I'll always have
my mom need to hurry up, im hungry ! they should be home sooner today.
Thanks for sending Vince our way! RT : it's on the way! Follow
u can take that wind and put it right back in your ass!
yea its da truth
Just started at the soon-to-reopen Curious George in Cambridge. Unpacked all the Houghton Mifflins today...
Please drink responsibly stay in a friend's house, pay for a hotel room, or let the sober one drive. But please don't get in that car wasted
home sweet home
That's ok if you're an adolescent, martial arts reptile. Are you? RT : It's fine to eat pizza for three meals in a row, right?
#hategettingtold. Your fired.
Khloe is my favorite
#WhenDatHearingAidGoMissing. RT : #JustPromiseMe that you'll be there for me when I need you the most..
day three of making movies and hearing awesome music wrapped. AND we're doing it again tomorrow! check FB for new pics!
“: “: is your book in stores now???” Hits USA stores May 1st.” gonna cop this?
The Hobbit: I was in a dinner theatre production of this musical when I was a child. This looks way cooler.
I have all of his books & have been listening 4 yrs. He has misrepresented Perry on the border & instate tuition
I judge my personal state of being by weather or not I survive a Zombie attack. "I would totally not survive a Zombie attack today"
be nice lol
you got 1. I only had 2 to sell & someone else got the other.
And by the way, #IDleg, Lincoln didn't make friends of his enemies. Some folks in the South remain pretty steamed...
Everyone was debating the legality of buying stolen iPhone. But what about extortion? Good luck in court Chen, et al.
was it a fixie?
Lazy morning in our hotel room with my coworker Tami. Today's sessions don't start until 10:30a.
Ive played 4 all ins since being back from dinner. Im 50% on those hands. My chip stack is at 130k though.(4kBB) 19 left.
#LifeWouldBeBetter if everyone wore gear.
I can't be sure, but I think I heard a girl at the bus stop pronounce 'ottoman' as 'alderman.'
at Mariners on the Hudson in Highland :)
have fun at the game! Text me after and maybe we can met up?!
thanks so much for the follow! If we can help with any mattress or furniture needs please let us know! ~ Mattrezzz Guy
Day with pops! Got to get sissy boo soon and then start cleaning at four. :/
oh ops well 2 girls days in a row :)
#Irony Andy Rooney dying 1 week after he retires.
what are you doing today to make a difference in someones life?
thanks for the support :)
Happy Birthday Glen Hansard, I love you. I can work with 42.
Did you know? Tulip bulbs can be substituted for onions in a recipe.
What would you do with an extra few hundred dollars a month? Dream big on Sunday and find out. See you at 12:30 in Jersey City.
That's right, I awoke craving a kale salad
your just nicer then I am!
Just finished #reading Brian Selznick's incredible "Wonderstruck." One of the best books I read in 2011.
Q4. Although, the best d-floor in the #chi has to be Perry's Tent -
Looking for #ABQ businesses to serve as collection points for our play dough and bubbles drive. Please DM us if you can help! Please RT
The crystal ball pic blows me away. <3
Did You Know: B&tB's bassist Emma Wright was the first female astronaut in space?
How many of you Twitter's out there have an FB account? And what you you prefer?
Awww thanks! Ditto :)
ARGH! This online staff evaluation system just blanked out more than an hour of my work.
just overheard a woman say someone should #tebow it
Wishing the lady cardinals softball good luck tonight!!! Wishing I could be there to support!! ⚾❤ #gocards 👍
how you been?
Already got it planned fri is gurls night out if not tht then chill day jus for me.
that is true takes a while to learn that
Today I've been blessed to wake 1 more birthday. Thank you Lord, for your mercy, love & grace. Help me 2 live, love & 4-give as u do.Amen
def drunk tweeting going on here...
“: Delicious lunch as always from ! Good food alway help me start my week off right” Glad you enjoyed :)
thanks and for the follow
Tickled pink. There's a lot of buzz about the future. Fingers crossed! I may be on TV soon!
Wow, has been anointed DH god-king (only with Fish oil, sadly!)
So glad Occupy Raleigh is giving up and closing down. Now they can get back to their jobs. Oh wait.....
They forgot to add blame the fed and support gold but the FBI did put that out also #RonPaul #Endthefed #2012 #revolution #evol If
People are stupid lol
#Yankees vs.
YOU TWEET IT - Ill Play it: What should this HOURS #AmpTopTrend be? -
Industrial. Every time.
Oh no! I will try to keep you updated until you get here
Get ALL of #CERAWEEK on CERAWeek On-Demand www.ceraweekondemand.com
Just had my first cup of coffee minus real cream. Someday I hope to cut down on the the 10 seconds of sugar i pour into it every day.
yea solid all around. Asked the dude to give me a club that would fix my slice. No dice. Pumped 2 play w/these though.
she probably thought you were cute dude.
PLEASE KEEP FOLLOWING & I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK ASAP! STILL ON A LIMIT SO HIT UP YOUR FRIENDS OR SHOUT ME OUT! :) I WILL RETURN THE LOVE!
I estimate that I have spent about 1/8th of my life waiting around for pretty blonde girls.
#DailyQuote: "The dog was created especially for children. He is the God of frolic." - Henry Ward Beecher
God, let Your Will be done.... I am an earthsuit for Your use. But whatever happens this year, let me cross my Jordan River...
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change
you guys have to get over it... This is America everyone matters .. you're going to let magic slip away because of it?
is too fucking funny!!!
Its at the beginning of august, but the lineup is sick
I'm sure i'll find streams of RM celebration that I can watch.. later... just not up for it today. or for a while.
Today is the day!!
After a girl is rescued from Human Trafficking, she needs a job. We hope to be the place where she can work!
I still say white girls do it better...
OK, may be I ran out with that one, but you get the picture. CHEEESSEEEEE!! LOL
That's why the Jets only signed him for a year.
#RT: we're trying to spread rumors we're like a hilarious #JesusLizard. #Pass it on.
So you must spend more than 60 mins a day listening to podcasts?
So true! Have a great weekend! RT : We must become the change we want to see. Mahatma Gandhi
Just finished watching MJs first championship
right...even you can't be that bad
Thanks for coordinating our Pacers game, oh wait!
Chase after God and everything else you need will chase after you. (Matthew 6:33) #thatswhatHEsaid tonight @
"Could this be the end of email overload?" Wow, these newscasters have no clue! Is the country really this out of touch with tech?
how old r yhu random question
Got you nephew
PLUS it's our director 's birthday! Come see our director get SO DRUNK during and after the show and celebrate his birth with us!
To the adorable lil boy who sat next to me and gave snow caps during the movie. Call me in 18 years. Okay.
don't have any. howru
Being metro is like the best of both worlds.
In better news, as soon as I get paid this month, I am getting me a copy. I hear it is fantastic. :)
And waiting.....
ICE ICE BABY!!! Cant wait to see Vanilla in concert tonight.... :)
And coffee made by Anthony.
love is just a word until it's proven to you
Traffic because of the protesting <<<<
Grey's Anatomy
We're happy too!
PickUpLine: Cold out isn't it? (Staring at breasts)
will they stay in Boston for a couple days in 2013?
Hank is a cyborg from outer space .
As a man who has once worn a corset for a party, the flexible corset is an idea whose time has come.
starting us off at Boozie Suzie truffles and Old School Float. Heaven.
man stop it nigga u b out the way like fuck
Thanks for the #FF! You're my fave #beauty blogger!
69. Some people call it nasty, I call it a romantic dinner for two.
I love you. I just wanted to let you know.
I recycle everything that can be recycled.
Maybe Paul had one too many drinks of loneliness and ended up at the Navy strip club?
MAYBE HE SKYPED SOMEONE & THEY WANTED TO BE A BITCH & ADD THE LIVESTREAM LOGO.
Maybe this fall with a full beard. Sideburns with a bald head and no beard? Not real sexy.
About start get my things together. Going on a road trip
So, won a study table in the #finduw scavenger hunt. She's picked her spot & the reservation starts Monday! Congrats Rachel!
I have the official rules of the race completed.
Yep! It was back to junior high :)
However mean your life is, meet it and live it: do not shun it and call it hard names
right back at ya! :D
you are so messed up.
Few of us can stand prosperity--another man's I mean. -Mark Twain
I love you a lot. You and me, tomorrow. #textmeback?
What is it called when an off-duty and out of uniform police officer puts his gun to the head of an unarmed civilian?
I loved it!! It was amazing :)
laying on the ceiling staring at the floor numb2 the feelin plz let me get som more A stutter of my breathin i c the light through the door.
RT : Thank you for your grant! Retweet this and help me gain followers for my new business !
A night in with my 3 boyfriends: ben, jerry, and Erik haha 🍧
You bet! Thanks for sharing.
well its hard to discribe so you should just google it!:)
current favorite song? "one thirst" sung by jeremy riddle.
Zed's dead baby, Zed's dead..
yahhh hahahah, well keep an eye out for me, im lagging
What do you see as Zack Cox's ceiling? All-Star? Utility?
Happy Mothers Day to everyone out there. We're 40 minutes from first pitch so how about some lineups.
For me, the little things matter...
Tweeting in the dark. Its the initiation to 666 krew.
: ppl buying access to individual book apps, when they could be purchasing vendor apps for access to multiple books
Just got your new HTML,CSS,JavaScript Book- hard to get, but worth the wait - thanks for making this stuff make sense
Oh Maine and your residents. I'm so glad I'm not apart of it anymore.
The sad moment of one of your great friends is moving to suburb and ur alone in a class which u used to always talk to him:(
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. - Bill Cosby
what was the last song you listened to?
After today, it looks like I'll give them a try.
I fell asleep and woke up to that shullbit!!! #kickbricks!!!
Thank you to all of those that have served, or are currently serving for our great country.
I'm bummed. I love the Atlantic, and while I'm sure Sully will be Sully wherever he is, I like him at an institution I respect
Get the fuck outta here Del Zotto.
Travelled all across the world, Seen a lot of fancy things, But I never seen a beauty quite like this, This must be a dream!
The guy by mom had a proffesional camera nd my mom said i want 1nd i tlked w him and he said dat canon 60D is rlly good! Ahh i want it!!!!
will be having a very limited inventory of #WBC tickets going on sale tomorrow. (Sat.) These will go fast... keep an eye out.
We're #16million of member in this family, but...My friends say:you never meet him, he never notice u and he never follow u ):
Eff yeah! Hales and I are going to go search the Earth for beautiful men to populate the island too..
I have never had the pleasure of meeting a hateful anti-American British socialist until entering a fbook argument with one. It was a hoot.
if you choose to be in the business of show - figure out your business.
Am I the only one who thinks Xzibit would be an ideal best friend?
you could be my tan legged Juliet and I'll be your redneck Romeo ;) ...if you like country music.. lol
Busy busy! Doing some nighttime work now. How is business for you?
lmfaooooo thats a dope ass middle name
partially. lame it took this long to give you guys a decent OS with MUCH needed features. but it also shows how solid android is
They are total electric and are made in a green manner as well.
My art teacher comes out of the back room with a poster of a gorilla and says "Anybody want a poster of an ape?"
Today's zen moment from - cooking dinner and listening to Uecker
#thehouseofstank is more appropriate
and broke his nose, this house is a broken home, there's no control he just lets his emotions go!
sad 2 miss the show -remembering the surprise of you joining Bryan Lee at the blues club & my luck to witness.
Remember every one the emas are on tonight and don't forget to set your clocks back one hour
Working in a windowless office on the first 80 degree day of the year. Sigh.
how the eff did you get a we follow invitation?! grrrrrrrrrrrr
Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything...
Why does it cost 15 cents to make a photo copy and it only costs 6 cents to print? ?#UWMPROBLEMS ?
Avocado is DELICIOUS.
Love me some George Strait ;-)
no offense bud, but your security guard is an asshole.
JB CANNOT rap. His new song is awful. But I guess he can put any piece of crap out there & crazed fan girls will love it no matter what.
happy turkey day! gobble! gobble!
Thanks! Glad you can appreciate the Aussie accent ;)
I feel so alive tonight. You got me feeling sublime.
We are getting a new shipment in this week! Get excited for lots of new products for sale! www.dealshow.com
Been running around for the past few days; gonna stay home and relax for the rest of the night.
God Bless!
Agreed! RT Seems to me that 6 degrees of separation isn't always enough. Can I upgrade to 60 degrees for certain situations?
He's an amazing kid. Super happy and outgoing. It was fun to interview him.
Having a bad day?
im rarely offended and rarely offend, but I hear u
we have watched #NSN for 6 straight days it never gets old, your story is more inspiring everytime! #neversaynever :)
Wisconsin's half-court offense vs. Syracuse's zone makes for a heck of a snooze-fest.
it closes at 11pm but the line is gking to be long so be there early!
Have you pre-booked your next appointment yet? Book another appointment before the end of the month and you'll be entered to win our...
Just reread my unfinished nuclear apocalypse novel. Gotta say, when I don't have to worry about budget I tend to go pretty damn nihilistic.
All my life, as down an abyss without a bottom, I have been pouring vanloads of information into that vacancy of oblivion I call my mind.
I actually enjoy doing dishes at work because the machine is SO cool!!
you going to the meeting today:)
The stubbornness of my youngest child is amazing.
I'm not even going to ask...I know better. :)
That awkward moment when your mouth is full of goldfish and your teacher asks you to introduce yourself
Point Park tied a school record for wins in a season and is now 51-9. The 1986 team was 51-8.
Cigar love & happiness to
Yard sales since 5 this morning
Waiting for very slow shuttles to the convention center.
hey do Lauren and Reyna need tickets for your graduation?
For more information www.harrietfulbrightcollege.com
Friday Backup watching
Boy: So, you like bad boys? Girl: Oh Yeah! Boy: Well, I'm not to impress you or anything but at Walmart I enter through the exit door.
Pinnacle Bankshares Corporation Reports First Quarter Earnings
The horse that runs the fastest.
Why do females take pictures of only their ass then put it on facebook ? Sheeshh have some self-respect !
hey! How's ur day?
I love you Taylor <3
Are you not a fan? I have not encountered anyone else who was as unimpressed with that place as I was
Congrats to former LCC baseball player David Walton.....he's the new head baseball coach at Steamboat Springs HS in Colorado.
Thanks for sharing our flash mob video.
jus go hard!
Haha! I actually had the pleasure of dancing to Daft Punk live at an After party following their show in Brooklyn! CRAZY
Kids and their piggy music.
I always stare at the “dead bodies” in movies to see if I can catch them moving…
Bummer. :/ I know it fell short for a lot of people
I found a basketball to run in
The first general session of NCSC is starting!
can Johnny Depp please be my acting coach???????
": Headed to Atlanta..Tonight We @ MansionElan 100 Bottles " I'll be in there!!
Aww! You think so ? Is Carmel ready for us?
And suddenly I'm very interested in this World Series
Thanks for following! I see you
Heavy keep taking my fucking watch. Lol he was bout' to beat Darius ass. Lmaoo HELL NAW
Ah Time Warner I am not even a customer anymore and you are still messing with me.
“ #Gemini can never be spiteful and intentionally mean towards anyone.”
RAWR! RT: The next New Yorker to allow their dog 2 jump on me will face consequences that would make Katniss Everdeen blush.
social media demographics infograph is interesting and very well put together!
#ff Ready for Phoenix SX tomorrow!?!
In OKC sideline reporting for the Ram National Circuit Finals Rodeo. is filling in for me tonight on
Art Fact- Neiman is famous for depicting sport figures.
Mourvedre is definitely up there as one of my all-time favorites. Hess also makes some outstanding blends
If Satan can convince you that he does not exist, he's got you.
Ah, reconnected after wifi and data deprived in Ottawa! Cool to see what Canadian colleagues are doing with web, mobile & social at
&#9743; Sweet Deal Phone Voice Recorders Protect your Children
Jess you know we can't lose and refuse to fall behind
agreed! great ending to a wild and woolly day.
My friends think I'm crazy for putting my a/c on 72, they say that's too cold. Well, duh! That's what blankets are for. I say 78 is too warm
(cc ) Is this cleanse a meal replacement/weight loss program or just a daily cleanse?
Love it! That dress looked amazing too.
But on the bright side Avengers was really good.
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy♥ please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp ♥ 13
It's creepy when your late family members are listed in famous grave searches.
The USA uses 29% of the world's gasoline and 33% of the world's electricity. #odd facts
#ngc11 Atari is looking for innovative HTML5 games to sponsor! DM me if you have cool ideas
I know some tweeters agree with me the Heat r some SHOWBOATERS. THE MIA HEAT
We try not to. All our travel gets in the way sometimes but we make up for it when we are together :)
omg cameron... WHY D: you frustrate me
Dinner in Beverly Hills, with the best and
Down.. even if the sky is fallin down :P
Good Night and sweet dreams. Always and forever a SIMPSONIZER! God bless you and your family. Always here for you!!!
why do u ask that?LOL
aww tell her u love and miss her so much!!
Segway Tour for Two or Four from West Coast Entertainment (Half Off)
Forgot how uncomfortable dorm beds are
safe travels home!!
LOVE IT!!! (even tho we don't speak your language) - hey, did we just sign up for MLM?
I'd be stoked but worried. The little people don't have a good survival rate around the Doctor.
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 42:14 with Nike+ GPS.
Congrats! Thanks for coming!
i don't want to spam cause i know they hate it, but i want him to follow me soo yeaa FOLLOW ME BABE ;)<3 lol
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself, or to get all the credit for doing it
I got that buzz buzz buzz...
Yea but I dont want to go
Congratulations to and ! You've each won 1 free full-day registration to the #Phorum12 Cloud Conference! DM us.
: #MondayMood check in time. What's your b mood? Mine: b open!
Down Town Milwaukee is going to be Crazy tonight. Bucks game @ 7:30 & UWM Panthers game @ 7:00. Be there!
Its the three amigoooss c:
Learn how to develop a personal image & brand that gets you noticed, respected & hired with
Just remembered I saw crying last night out of excitement!
It's a gorgeous day outside- Come on in for a juicy B burger or a pastry. Warm up with some hot cider or have a couple of cookies!
"Proceeds go to fat kids but not fat in the cute way like that fat kid on modern family"
It looks so different with all 7 of them ):
And just that quick, I've been inspired
Determined to finish this movie, but it's taking some work
I like my meat smoked over 12 hours
we will see you at 4:30 today!! Gotta show support to our clients!
I should've cheated on you
I get that way with Suicidal Tendencies Lights Camera Revolution album.
Goose Island 312 with lunch.
- Tweeted the night was drafted that he'd be starter by 2013 season. Zero faith in Matt Flynn as a starter.
Medical Professional Tablets are on Spring Deals Sale, customize it! Happy Day! LPMR!
I need to Dm you Mister
thanks pops!
your moms in the back ground of the picture I just tweeted with Taylor 
Jäger bombs and champagne with
I need to visit Finland ASAP... I need to meet Ville Valo and <3
Corpus Christi's own. RT : Kuchar 2-shot lead w 4 to play. Last to 17th in lead and go in water to lose: Phil Blackmar in 91
I want some fries
maaannnn i got 69(SIXTY NINE) TWEETS
Appreciate the follow
South park.... Shit just got #real on a boat #wtf?
o that's another country
she did? hearing some of this makes me glad I never read boards or stuff for other shows
man you would look good in that uniform with Kentucky across the front.. Go Big Blue!!
I love this! Congrats !! MT I won Pulitzer, photo award in BREAKING NEWS photography thax to all friends sending this news :)
Love finding a small church when I'm out of town!
Alright, it's that time again! Next 15 followers, we're following you back! Call us "stalkers," we don't care. RT!
everyone play me in draw something right meow. my username is kind of hard to guess so i'll just tell you what it is. its asgriffin.
Michael May&#39;s Adventureblog: Land of the Lost episode guide
JUST GOT MY PHONE BACK! :D
wow…that one is so much more cohesive and epic.
Ready to see the fam. Plz let All go well.
I'm waiting for banks to start charging for suckers.
All good names except for Figures. Too vague. Impossible to google search. Brain Heat=fun. Horse Wars=cool. Bohr=grown up
Hell yeah! He gone kill the game.
true for all "labor of love" passions! But between you & me, I'm glad one of mine is cycling..... <3
When coding, it's easier to find an answer than to ask a GOOD question. No idea why stack overflow even exists.
I was thinking the same thing
thank you very much!
Looking forward to it! RT : Gearing up for a week of house guests, of various and assorted flavors. Can't wait!
Runnin' Rebels depth allows them to answer runs.
If I had anything to do with watching over Bobbi Kristina,she wouldn't be seeing Bobbi Brown father or no father,he is some kind of low life
I said no.
Don't do it!!!!! Your my favorite youtuber
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
that only apply if the thermostat is at 70 or less and they want to make the office colder
Finally finished two excellent books! Thanks and for your gems. Well worth my time & money. Nuff Said!
WAHHH i miss u :(
im good bro, thanks
a tweet from ? ha, a girl can dream (;
thanks.... Hopefully soon
Did newt just refer to same sex couples as "friends"????
Daily Tip: Walk facing traffic so you can see approaching cars.
That is great! Make sure you stop by the booth and introduce yourself.
thanks Back at cha!
Wow...gettin cold out there! Stop by the shop to winterize your vehicle!!!!!!
Anytime! It was a blast -- Love !
A NIGGA NEVA GAVE ME SHYT I DID IT ON MY OWN
We did it 1996! #graduating.. Love you all!
see you soon. Great conference so far!
J'aime big butts is all I know and I doubt I spelled that right
Lmao ok lets start trade rumors and whoever we name will hae a hatty.
:) thanks for coming to visit!
OH: Maybe I shouldn't hit on the general counsel.
Damn, so if you cant 100% go when should we kick it?
"Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned." Charles W. Chesnutt
There was jus a dance crew on americas got talent that's from ur home town! :))
Nyc with grams today :)
nope its diamonds
There just comes a time in life where you don't care about what others think anymore
ha ha I'm pumped should be good ;)
i woke up at 10am and was like "i'll sleep a little more" then i woke up at 2pm!!! ugh.
that better be behind home plate..lol You can get in coors field for a Rockies game for 4$ at the door
Gratz to choral conductor for winning a MacArthur grant. We think you're a genius, too!
Good freaking morning everyone :)
I ain't staying here for lunch I'm outies! :D
Has found the joy again!!!
Pay attention to high fiber, low saturated fat, no trans fats, low refined carbohydrates and whole grains
“: We're looking for a lead designer to join our team and become part of the movement. Know someone?"
Gonna go shopping 2day:)
Sadly we can't do int'l giveaways but if you want I can email you more about what we're doing in case you still want to join.
RT Searching far and wide for #analyticsuperheroes, something tells me they are among us @
The day after is here. Time to prepare for the new year. What is everyone doing for NYE?
Plotting and scheming..
You're welcome :) thanks for the follow back :)
Whitney Houston reflected our own beauty, tenderness, joy. It's shining, singing and smiling. The Spirit of creativity lives!
~||.-! HIP HOP...CUMBIA BACHATA...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING...GMIX LADIES SHAKING IT ...SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
with yeah ha in flex
You can't leave Iguodala there, Omer.
What else does #rhubarb go with, besides strawberries?
I can appreciate A starter getting some work in, but not at the expensive of the team. That was an AJ type of outing for Kuroda
Look who's smiling now. Remember when you said what's the worst thing that could happen? Well it's happening to you, right fucking now.
work. from. home.
FYI, we are open tomorrow from 10-3 but closed on Sunday and Monday for New Year's and store-wide inventory.
It took this long for the Celts to dump J. O'Neil? About damn time!
Don't let the sadness from the past or the fear of the future rob the happiness of the present.. If only it was that easy.
Telling other countries what government to have isn't freedom. It's tyranny. Thanks for talking though.
No don't do this to me! Yum
MT Robert Whitley: #Wine & Dine Radio launches on KFSD 1140-AM in San Diego Saturday, March 10. 1-2 pm
Aw i love Brazil :)
I mean, it was pretty underground. ;)
We party for a living 
I got confused my bad I thought u were him sorry
Oh boo! My bad! Just got excited... RT : Shhhhh... Don't jinx them.
followfollowfollowfollow follow the yellow brick road.
it's a perfect day It will be! RT : shopping then dining in Georgetown! should be fun.
Hi Gigi-Luving your profile pic. You look amazing. Hot Hot
talking about building ecommerce as a framework to build commerce with rather than an application at
anyone know of a new fun group game?
E. Who cares.
don't throw beef at me lol you don't wnna be like me
Not sure if this is the right Wendy, but if you're the one who posted the "How To" video for PowerPoint, I am in your debt.
I'm leaning towards it too. I'd rather have time to do it right instead of half-assing it and favoring an as-yet-anomalous Cap
Come down to the Actors Comedy Studio for a free class audit and check out our teen improv class
that's my kind of mothers day! Lol
Drew Bledsoe has a ring. Haha.
this film is going to be EPIC!
Follow me on twitter whats your twitter?
... I got nothing. Seriously, am speechless that they'd write that.
Not sure that was a hockey game but it did appeal to the :Neanderthal in me GO FLYERS
I'm Back and I'm proud
I'm convinced Indiana was the second-best team this year. No one else has been able to hang with Kentucky quite like them.. twice.
For instance? RT Great discussion around the generational divide at
SIGMAS N CIGARS N Godfather Night COMING UP ON Thursday, Aug 26th. CELEBRATING THE BROTHERHOOD OF BOTH...
Jhu is having a happy hour tonight. Ill probably go for an hour and leave about 630 or 7.
Cause I Am His Master MWUAHAHA >:D
me too! Long overdue:) x
Kiss it... Apologize lol #southPark reference #raw :p
Garlic fries to the rescue!
Love is in the air RT if u have or don't have a valentine this year!
RT : You’ve got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
: Just saying, maybe get specific in criticism, using 'Hollywood' is too broad and includes many who don't deserve to be.
lol i know right! :] i like how she goes "and run to them to theeeeemm" lol
today is New Releases From Netflix: Mother's Day from Netflix New Releases This Week
dont let other people's ignorance get you down! you have my support :D
finally fixed all of my own many broken websites.
Regex Source Matcher 80app now supports group matching in the regular expression
Talking to you makes my day <3
I love that my Star Trek references are understood and appreciated at work.
and the problem is drawing folks in as well
follow me ill follow back
i need to go tanning!, getting so pale!
Even Old New York was once New Amsterdam-Why they changed it I can't say, people just liked it better that way.
Don't know if ya heard, working on a full house for the Art Bar show in MKE on 10/15! Hope ya like mustaches and comedy...
nice! Can't wait! When do we get to preview and buy track?!?
Its crazy how on really bad days, your tweets pull me through it (:
#ToMuchMake-Up It looks like your makeup was put on by a bunch of four-year-olds learning how to finger paint.
« R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 10,000 followers! Follow 【► and she will get you up there instantly»
Have a safe flight buddy!
but who will protect Newt?
Just getting started. WE appreciate everyone else's hard work that has made this initiative possible.
I love shopping and music so much!! :)
"The lake house? It's been gone three hurricanes over." "damn. Was looking for an adventure."
... there has been too much negativity in my life. none of it is coming into my new life.
Thanks for the mention.
three day weekend!
On the Believe tour, Justin should take a mom & her daughter on stage& they can sing Turn To You to the mom :')
lady saw big inno
Psh! You crazy!!'
well I'm glad you support my name change. It was between that and Muhammad.
i have been with my bf for nearly 2 years now living together for 1 1/2 years
Stowe Boyd at dinner says he is "wakazoid"
off to watch some tv, before turning in...nite all
Aww man my hair is so bed head-luxurious right now but I gotta go gym the crap out of it. :x
aw that sucks - if you go back, it's a must do RT I wanted to do that in South Africa! But weather was too crappy
uggghhh moving this weekend.. SO MUCH TO DO!!
GIVE & it shall be given to you! Be a giver...GIVE your time, talent & treasure....
Checking the BET awards show TI and Young Jezzy performance off the chain. Mike Epps hosting busta takes home the first award of the show :)
Vincent IT has expertise in providing solution in mobile application , Web , Database , SEO, Design , CMS etc. Our solutions are exclaimed …
Just bought "The Band's greatest hits" for 1.99! Awesomeness
Shes being nice now :) thank you lord
Professor Nuts, Charlie Chaplin, King Yellowman, Marcia Griffiths, Freddie McGregor,
Previous tweet riddled with typos. Wasn't focused. Let's try again...
looking forward to training at KMDC, 6 weeks is a long time to be out
HHV Solar Technologies come up with portable solar power generator - Power Engineering Magazine
's Bar havin a Blue Moon
#SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf YOU CALL HER "BAE" OR "BOO"
u've got 2c this amazing cell phone video of a stranger rescuing a drowning man in #pdx. Hear from the rescuer min away
I'm loving how ESPN's Bracket app keeps throwing factoids about how rare the 15 over 2 win is. Because it doesn't hurt enough yet.
I just found out today.
Wonder if School Center webpage can be used as a Moodle?
“: Oh no! Will you have your friend email the details to ? We'd like to see if we can help
Am I better off a quitter?
Nice uniforms Oregon!
we are happy to have you Alex!
what?? where?!
Kiss me and you will see stars; love me and I will give them to you.
Is anyone familiar with the "All Indie Music Awards" held in Los Angeles?
Vinny>> My Homework
haha. ok i'll give u that.... BUT I LUV HIM MORE!!!!!
I hate working on clandestine badass stuff... I want to shhhhaaaareeee! Isn't that what social media is for?
That would be...amazing.
Mark Wahlberg should do more comedy. I loved him in "The Other Guys"! Meanwhile, there are some spooky looking films coming out! :D
There's just something about k-pop that gets the juices flowing..
Happy birthday to my boy can't believe your a month older ;)
It is awesome to have back in the #WWE ring :)
unfortunately, it's people I know.
You do whatever makes you happy! Its your life :D
another week in #fantasyfootball is over & the legends were respectable.dont forget sign up this week 2 maybe win a #sportsauthority card
Revisiting your 'On My Way Here' album today; it's fantastic. Great songs & soaring vocals.
Don't just burn the bridge; blow it up. You can't go back.
the only person i would love to meet is aaliyah.
On the bus ready to go. This will be a good test for us.
i am going to bed yay
accepted ya :)
Thank you to everyone who attended last night's happy hour. We appreciate your support and contributions!
can you please follow me?
Haha, I knew you would RT the Dirk Hipster tweet
RT Crayons are a lot like M&M's. All the colors taste the same.
radio providing a pretty sweet Sea Isle beach soundtrack
when will I see you again?..when will we share precious moments...lol...follow me KC
has great news: LINE PRODUCER Celina Reising has joined the family! May newsletter w/ more deets coming soon!
Bought an Erector 1 model set this weekend, and broke it on step 2. Just not the same. Any good resources for old erector sets?
#SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff When u wake up on the floor with bruises
Why not celebrate with some American wine?
what the heck happened to you Saturday! were you at the #rossmorganrager ? i knew it.
Sad to hear of Steve Jobs passing. A true innovator in every line of technology, including some of the ways we make music.
You too, love!
planning our wrap party now - play = work
50 Cent StreetKing.... Let's support 50. By helping 50Cent feed hungry kids!!:)
RT : Your best? That was so last year. We need you
Man, some of y'all stalk celebrities! Mentioning them in every post kinda makes u look like a
Amen Oh and good morning
#its2012whyyoustill ask for likes on your pictures ?
RT : #Purpose Taking a few breaths, consider your goals for the day. What is moving you towards them? What is moving you...
Happy Birthday to the one and only diplomat/Mom/amiga extraordinaire.
Movies tomorrow
The author is Michael Shaara. His son Jeff wrote a prequel & sequel, neither of which I've read.
is Beyond SEXY
I had Diaz winning rounds 1, 2 and 5....two of those judges are crooked!
Ow throat go suck a dick.
great time at #cherryblossom festival taking photos But it's not hard 2 take good pics of 1 of the most beautiful things I've ever seen
Today I challenge you to be the best you that you can possibly be, because no one can be you better than you can! #KnowYourself&LoveYourself
At So Fla Interactive Mktg Assn () "Going Local with Yelp" event
it was this morning : )
bitch im talkin ca ca ca ca ammo.. ca ca ca bliaat.. whatever kendricks sayin is crzy.. such a genius flow
Milwaukee this weekend!?!?!!? 😁
I'm faded
Thank you for serving me a glass of Pinot Noir when I asked for a Barbera. Now, may I have my glass of Barbera? :-)
Nobody ever gives me envelopes full of cash. :(
Just saw a church sign that said "soul-ed out!!!" Haha
haha Idc where we go . But like are you guys riding rides?
That last rt>>>>
Both of my daughters are adults now. Can't believe how crazy it feels to type that.
Yes! always negative #pessimist ": Some people are only happy...when they're UNhappy...just LOVE to stay angry/annoyed/upset"
Happy birthday to my little neice jaiya 🎁🎉🎈🎂 <3 love you so much
Nor can I.
“: follow me dude” No
Reading The Science Times Book of Archaeology edited by Nicholas Wade
Go Green. Score for the day. Green 1 - Blue 0.
Gabe was a great booker, and knows what the fans want. When they let him go it did went downhill.
you are the best!!! Thank you very much... :) I appreciate the work you doing. Thank you!
#FF in-house
Attended a great seminar by at #BizExpo today! He know his
Still trying to give away your dogfood I see, stop SPAMMING ME!
then you suck.
Something I want to do before I die. Alligator hunting. Lol
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-3
Studies indicate that the best time to do social media for exposure is in the morning ... which begs the question: Why are we here now?
Went shopping n got a massage... been spoiling myself a lil lately
Yay is presenting while recovers. Feel better!
I may have listened to that several times in a row recently.
Have a great day, the art competition will begin this coming week.
Still walking.
new york to do a radio interview to get the movie out. but I just got the news so I'm like freaking out :-)
haha April fools!
what's up :p
Adored cranky Maurice Sendak on tonight - he was the opposite of "supremely ordinary." Please make him a regular!
On the scanner: "The pit bull has decided she wants to be in custody. She's comfortable in my backseat."”
just like there is no sex in the champagne room
YES!! (Only 5 days late on my reply :) )
More pressure. More goals. Keep pushing. Finish them.
Whoa... what the heck is that. Sounds like something I'd be afraid to fully understand... LOL.
Saw a girl that looked just like liked "Warhorse."
Forced break from running. Pulled a calf muscle on the trail last night.
I told a joke tonight about , now I'm home drinking her smoothie mix. #ImAHypocrite It's delicious...
I may or may not be going to see him with BTR thus summer... XD
thanks for stopping in, we love having you guys!
I love chocolate peanut butter gelato - YUM - how about we don't put that in the case to sell and keep it all for me?
Going crazy ! So much cute stuff for spring. Loving the bright colors!!
if her timeline starts looking similar to Canseco's then may God help us all
I have that feeling too
Back pain hyperbole.
bytch u was posta call me back
Makayla: "we need to start pullin my moms pants down." :p
Doo just told his dad, "I'm too smart to be canadian." I love it!! (eh)
One day the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.
oh yea, because tosh is always scary. i think the old lady with saggy boobs was pretty scary. to think that will be me on day...
People with good grammar >
Busy preparing for new board member orientation. UV, x-rays, infrared, and some wicked snacks this evening. Pulling out all the stops!
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company
Where'd did my happiness go?
Ayyyyyeeee! Pop bottles! RT : DONE WITH COLLEGE BITCHES!!!!!!!!!
You were our 2000th follower a while back. Did you ever get that hickie we promised?
I've been wondering if anyone's still doing #libcodeyear. I fell off the wagon in Week 7, but hope to get back on.
Tunisia: Cultural ethnic and religious values cannot be dismissed by the words in this document
I want this all on video, miss up and coming multimedia diva.
Proud to have taken out my candidacy papers for #sdcd7. Time to collect signatures.
Your So Pretty!<3
just a block away. Into the Robs Building
Best biz advice: Plan a lifestyle and then plan your business...Thanks to our fabulous husbands for supporting our ideas and our business!
i thought mother's day was this sunday
#NowPlaying Pretty Wings - Maxwell .
Did you know, our partners in retail, taverns, restaurants and other #shopsmall businesses have #RTSDeals that are "Better than Good!"
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
I went to St. Tim's Middle School in W. Htfd; their gym had a whole series (inc. this one) showing Jesus playing difft sports
i'm sure big foot got hoes.
I honestly have the best boyfriend ever . (: 💘
To all you bitches with my name in your mouth, do what you do best & swallow it.
we should do an AfroSpear Blogging Against New Shoes Until Obama Wins.
Athletics <3 basketball!
aha i remember (:
BUZZ CUT or COMB-OVER? NO ONE Can Ever Tell On A Comb-over! Just Ask Any Fella That Has One! Where's Them Clippers?!? ;)
Five Guys and Orange Leaf with my sister!
Happy Monday everyone. Still tired from 4 photo shoot yesterday but still going.
yup, screen is cracked
We just hosted a great workshop on visual storytelling with Thanks to Marshall and for making it happen!
Glad to have discovered mine is a life of many questions, few answers, and love for the mystery that lives in between the two
Thanks for the retweet
#harlem #postnatal #yoga NEW CLASS just added. Mondays 11-12! Starting one week from today.
I do think it was a story. Would I call it 'very important'? No. Worthwhile? Yes.
he got pizza AND hot dog! He's probably gonna be a fatty too....
I emailed you about this...
"Love never fails" I am behind and in their new marriage. They are a cute loving couple. xoxo
Seen from the sickbed: rushing river, budding tulip tree, green grass, gray clouds, tootsie roll.
#ICantStandPeople who lead you on and then disappear outta no where 😠
Til death do we party, with the music I die.
NICE ny logo !!!
Thanks Jake! Hope you're enjoying your new gig!
Starring in my own personal remake of "Dude, Where's My Car" right now. Like the original, this version is also not funny.
just on the bob and dan show.. 1310 the ticket
Today's Insane Daily Deal = $.99 for a 4-pack of Bagels Forever Bagels!!! To receive coupon code email !
2nd we look it over and determine if its worth sharing. note that we wont be sharing videos of the main utube page.we want undiscovered&real
La Dispute and Defeater is next Tuesday. BTBAM and Job For A Cowboy is next Wednesday. Minerva is August 6. Who's stoked right now?
hey there
hahah james bond ;)
oh he'll no!! Take that back!!! Lol were some scrubs😃
should have a phone soon hopefully!
Thanks, ! And, of course, you're an edu-reporter that rocks!
People who get things done in this world dont wait for the spirit to move them; they move the spirit. Action must precede action.
I can't wait to leave this town
The guy you still hang out with and kiss and hug and say I love you even though he's kinda with someone else ! Lol
#DontBeScared to dissapoint someone if theyre #real they'll love you no matter what
RT : Back in the states and looking forward to working with this week ! Back to Canada next week.
Both houses passed a bill, the Comprehensive #Child Care Act of '71-vetoed. USA wastes $ with multiple funding streams that fail to do same.
I know, right?! HAHAHA. #fuck it.
oh you will be fine. If you have any questions let me know. Btw we are imperial on that server.
this bitch on the show never died and seen Jesus. Im calling the show to troll her. Tomorrow is Gov. Conspiracy show on C2C!
Happy New Years
We have won.
Stoked on life!
All I can think of to write are cliches and double entendres.
It takes time to feel better be patient there done that I get it!
Ok, let's all retweet;
no problem.I'll be there :)
Is that Lake Anne in Reston? I spent a ton of time there as a kid. That's awesome.
just wrote 700 too many words for one essay, and can't even think of 1 word to begin my next. I am, indeed, riding that
“: I don't think I could ever become vegan. Duck Tape is just too useful.” HAHAHAHAHA
Seven more NMAA State Basketball games in The Pit today! Congratulations to the teams who have made it to the championship finals!
Working on Nono post-production, and In grave danger of second-guessing myself into oblivion. Perspective, perspective, perspective.
i did ask a lot of people if they needed help. Outcomes: weird looks, giving directions, or saying "no i dont have fake IDs"
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun.... :D
big ups to the nigga murkin out here
nope, you get what you get, though I suppose you could limit the quantity of every prize/reward
: nice information
Umm... Gross, Minty -- Across the board.
Xcode 4 Tip: To create a new file, simply choose File > New > New File. It's like a palindrome!
Lost with best friend somewhere in David "this is what happens when we get out the kitchen"-me "everytime"-
Your mom “ Please pray 4 she is a lost soul!”
#ncvs <---- already a member #FYI LOL
there was no dialogue. And what was there was terrible.
Protests on May 1, closed off major streets in Madrid. Police and security everywhere. Foreigners who work in Spain, say there are jobs.
Boehner! If u object 2 something ON the list, say so. If u object to his HAVING a list, there's no hope for u....
What made you decide Nook vs. Kindle?
Just wait till she turns 3...and so on.
Some scone called us and asked if we could call 2012 “The Year of Waffles and Scones.” Like that’ll happen. We hung up. Stupid scone.
Hard loss fr the #IUBB. Just have to get ready for #NCAA Tourney!!!
I advise you all to think wisely about buying this facebook stock. Facebook is too close to being #over. You won't get rich off it.
: Why don't you try to get a job at a summer camp? Oh yea...you can't pass a drug test. Smh.
I need to take a shower.
I have to bow out today. But enjoy!
So inspired by CLA award winners
everyone keeps talking about it. im going to have to listen.
. You were the highlight of mine! 's sandwich: close second.
Dear Valentine
I HATE WEDNESDAYS!!! No free time for me today ☹
We feel pretty lucky!
On my way to Tyler to go freakin prom shopping
Lots of people like to be woken up with sex, just maybe introduce yourself beforehand
Another amazing Salsa Wednesdays here at Library #ABQ!
I can from this phone but I already told u that when I get home I will n that's KC or TX I love kc
You and me both!!! Go Ron Paul!
You can judge me for seeing this movie but actually you can't because of the people in it. Good try though.
There have been a LOT of missed clutch free throws this season.
Cyber bullying is violent. Trust me. You just can't see the cuts and bruises as easily.
wasn't it 80 last week?? It's global freezing!
we need a in or any video game developers. Good look fam. U work tm?
I LOVED Punky Brewster when I was a kid :)
" Hope niggas don't bullshit with the suite ! "
Classically appropriate - radio playing The Doors "Waiting for the Sun" as I drive down foggy PCH from Malibu to LA.
We had a great time.
This is great. Thanks! How else have you found your way to good educator resources on Twitter?
Haha Paris?! I'm a little jealous! If you make it over here I'll tell you where to go! Let's switch places! :D
Will try it. Hope it's easier to hike than it is to spell...
cant make heads or tails of native american historiography nor can I figure out why I really need to know this except to pass a comp exam
The Finance Centres of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and of Casablanca Sign a Partnership Agreement in the Financial ...
#foodphotography and decor tonight for the crew.
hahaha well at least you didnt have 4 kids
can't wait to see in glasses ;) Lmao
Coming soon to a record store near you (are there any left?). Dr. John's new CD got good reviews in Rolling Stone. Check it out!
I just download a sex position app LOL
Working... working... working.. working. uugh it never ends!!!
i tweeted about me scaring people and then i said ask you cause of lucas.
COME ON RAVENS!!!!
We're touting #thatcamp games, but will also search #thatcampgames. The former lets us add to the general #thatcamp feed.
duh!! That's why I love Easter..eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs. 🐰💜💛💚
Have you forgotten all about a member of your family who's in prison? Thank about it.
This one's for you
Couldn't sleep, so it turns out I'm getting some pages down today after all.
Great work Alex!
I hate having Asian parents.
Worrying is stupid Its like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it too rain..<3
I feel like I need some new friends - like ones that actually care about me
Though today I share this with you in memory of all and yet to be remember as heros of us all as memories their selves to be remembered the
Transparent Corp - Transparent is the premier developer of neural stimulation, mental training and biofeedback software. Transparent...
Cdn perception is cacheable content equals video. Reality, there's a lot of software downloads/patches
TOTALLY GOING TO WHEN IM NOT ON LOCKUP OKAY?!!!
I like #GifBoom 😍
all done with that lesson .
Yeah I mean almost all states have accents
its not lol 20 percent is, rest is marketing popularity and who has the right "make america love us" attitude and frontin etc.
I must be sticky cuz everyone got they eyes glued
I miss the days where we'd throw the football around or play basketball. You'd always win, you'd never let me win.
#EmmyChicago RT : Getting all dolled up for Emmy Awards tonight. Is there a hashtag for the event?
Playstation 4 comes out in like December
Isn't it past your bedtime? (It's past mine.)
Party will be 80s themed! We will have prizes for best dressed and Philadelphia Phillies ticket raffle.
up now!
holy fuck yes they are :o -_________-
Three Areas Samsung Will Focus On To Avoid Smartphone Complacency
thinking about you. Hoping for positive results on Monday. Watched your XLV Pick 6 this morning. BLESS!
Shout out to all the pretty light skin girls who gonna age poorly in a couple of years
No greater purpose than glorifying God and his only Son Jesus Christ for us in this life. He is worthy to be glorified!!! Amen
where did you start the journey?
hahahahaha.... me too.
happy holidays Jenn.
Niggas give me pound ima #trending topic
I <3 NYC and have trip planned for Sept!
C'mon Brew Crew!!
Duck Nachos! Get here!
lol. Me n Jake have had one too many drinks.
Damm have not had sex in a year and 3 months or i think more
I took the boat in Niagara Falls and was totally soaked ioi !! hahaha But, It was amazing :) @@
Soo after being at skateland for a few hours my knees look like ive been non stop sucking dick for weeks
thank u :) i hope so
When is your next show on, and what will it be about?
Just got done playin soccer with my boos. Gotta nice tan too :)
formatting citations is my kryptonite. srsly.
MT : RT : . I'm following how the defunded WHP and now is trying to blame the Obama administration
Great #AGT intro with #HowardonOnAGT. Very excited to watch!
dm What would it take to add a high energy innovative entrepreneur to the consortium?
I have way to much homework :/
What's was your workout for yesterday? Intervals for me - www.tinyurl.com/interval2day Today will probably be hills.
Fluff Bar 1516 Wazee is hosting “Don’t Be Blue” TCC benefit on 1/19 at 6pm in honor of the blue ribbons supporting child abuse prevention.
Sometimes its hard to follow your heart..
You are large. Get your large friends to RT #GO_GOPHERS & our cheer squad will yell for them in the #oldspiceclassic finals.
I just realized that when I was deep cleaning yesterday, I accidently threw away Briggs' first tooth that he lost. I'm a sad momma :(
I do! ": Anybody wanna play 21 Questions?"
Believe me, there are no clandestine conspiracies among dealers to do anything other than serve the public
Q: what return has seen from #marchmadness?
Get your cakes, cookies and pastries for your New Year's Eve celebration @ Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
Good morning fans
Four days in using Windows 8 100% and now I'm trying to touch the screen on my MBP. I've stopped using the mouse on the Windows machine.
Now we are connected partner. I can't believe all this time we weren't twitter friends. Damn Gina!
Bummed about a big press piece that didn't pan out. Not a great way to kick off the Christmas holiday.
Going to read "I'd Rather Be in Charge" for the book club..next week I will be all caught up!
Rocking out on guitar, then dropping your pick. D;
Battleship was better when it was called Transformers.
11 days baby!!!!
Left lane fast lane, right lane slow lane. Easy concept right? Not for most...
you can change the style for all data - and you can change the Icon based on a value. but not yet color by category value
Starting the New Year at 56 years old with lots of ones--1-11-11.
Yes indeed, I'll be roaming around the exhibit hall and attending some sessions as well. First timer here!
will me and u ever be a thing? I know I've asked this but I need 2 know the full truth
Invigilating. Again.
Gotta love #TEDx events, so inspiring! And nice to be able to go back to via archives. Look fwd to TEDxRainier
Hey #ESPN, nobody gives a shit about Parcels. Get him off NFL Countdown!!!!
#FOLLOW #Hot #NEW #ATLANTA #Artist of
thank you!
Hi Nice article! Do you think #technology is an essential tool for #learning?
ha same here:) small world lol
Finally got the GTR Skyline in underground...yuhhh
Back to life, back to reality. Super Bowl over and snow gone! #Dallas is getting back to normal. Now ready for #San Anotonio
towards the end of the month most likely
Bummed I had to cut my workout short cuz they thought there was an electrical fire at the Y :( gonna get the rest after work I guess
Wishing a very happy birthday to !!
Wild Boar Bratwurst today! Also triple chocolate brownies
Hey guys - you should #FF - his tweets are really funny AND it's his birthday. All the cool kids are doing it.
almost lost my mind when I heard the new john mayer song sound exactly like bob segers "mainstreet"
Thanks for the follow! :D And yeah.. nothing else but watermelon :)
All this inside talk is making me nervous.
your just mad.
ok, that's fine. I don't care if you read what I write!
Yo when was that?!
Phone lines back in working order. Thank you for your patience!
Tonights gonna be a good night! But tomorrow even better when my best friend comes
a couple of questionable moves by Matheny tonight.
