the scum of the earth
To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring. -George Santayana
Lol I did!
Yay can't wait!
My 2 year old just looked at me and said "daddy i have poop on my hands" . she wasnt lying!
I might just wear my Doobie under the wig. Lolol!!! Somebody snatch it off they'll think I'm a damn magician!!
I just can't afford to think like that.
she's like perfect.
What on earth was going on around Josh while he was performing? Gotta go with Simon on this one (as much as I hate to admit it)
": You live you learn & know who not to fuck with."
welcome to the 1-3 club friend. heart a little more at ease? down for some hot metal bridge jumping if our series don't pan out?
What is happenning to the activision servers?
Nice!!! RT : i played in the sprinkler outside.. Try topping that.
have a blessed an hater free day sexxy:-)
Your invited to our Vegan Weekend! We will be offering vegan slice available 5-close on Fri 4/6 & Sat 4/7. Hope to see you there!
Crayola has many green colors, including electric lime, jungle green, magic mint, Granny Smith apple, inch worm, & mountain meadow.
Like Iggy Pop said, I'm bored.
Gosh I've been so distant from my boyfriend :(
See you tomorrow my friend....
. Ready to see a Republican Senate? We can do it with your vote
Definitely come out and enjoy a night of networking and fun! Thanks for the shout out!
Show me please, the most recent team, that even made the Final 4, whom had 10 of 14 players have a 3.0 GPA. Anyone?
yes Sveum stopped by and brought his pool at #brewersfantasycamp. Shawn also ran a camp only pool.
#NW basketball wives!
Gary is ready for #TikiTrivia in 5 minutes; are you? RT I'm ready !
A Goofy Movie.
So when you need me just say hi, how you doing
Oh what a bullshit day.
First #Passover without my Bubbe. I miss her every single day. :(
Susan Hildreth, IMLS, talking about pieces of the agency's new strategic plan
Also so fucking tired of the Firefox memory leak on Xubuntu
EarthFair is IN MOTION! Thanks to the 40+ volunteers managers who are creating it for San Diego!
we agree! It's an exciting time!
Trying to get my Brian to stop thinking and just go to sleep already!!! Work at 0700 ughy!!!
OMFG Girl Pull Your Booty Pop Down!!!
Puff of air to each eye. Joy.
" Idc who yu are, I'm not texting you first everyday. "
Everyone in the path of Hurricane Irene - be safe...
Oh please believe I will she gon be mad when she me makin it and imma keep it pushin
Going to see The Muppets today!
Playing at Red White and Bluezz tonight in Pasadena with Allen Mezquida on alto. 6:30-9:30.
Where there's a will, there's a way
75 dollar? what are you driving? a truck? lol
Texas PRO gets another ot win, 73-70 over Cali Supreme! They are now in 6th place in division A. Movin on up like George n Weezy!
turning 16 tomorrow
Well of course! I'm glad to see you happy. Keep your head up and eventually everything will fall into place.
how was the camping trip? Can't wait to hear about it! PS- Thx for the #Mix1073 shirt... it's my new fave workout tee. :)
Until we all without sin we need to stop pulpitin - Jay-Z
#WeWontWorkOut if you have a small dick
"Shoot false love, I care not. Spend thy shafts, and spare not. Fa la la..." Just a little trip down memory lane...Madrigals @ Yorktown HS.
- Any reason?
Starting my last final of the school year. My summer is about to start, answering the question of, "What do you like about being a teacher."
oh my god please tweet david nail and tell him to give me the 2 free tickets
Listening how to save a life love this song.
Your Very Welcome ;)
then my vote is for the Air!
The band sounded great! And J. Mascis was playing a stellar clear acrylic drum set!
I'll give banana milk 6 out of 10. Not the best thirst quencher.
High on life!
What is with these bad calls against the #knicks gimme a break!!!
ha not in that way. Just a Lurker.
impressed with use of twitter and web coments role informing next day headlines in response 2 stories posted as they break
Ugh! Very angry at inacurate reporting by local news. Missed buying a G3/Vibe hatchback (really a Toyota with a Pontiac skin) for 1/2 price!
Join our discussions on Reincarnation and the children who remember.
When they tell you they want you #TurnOn 
WHAT?! It won't come up whenever I search it...
Dude. You don't even know. If you look back at my twitter life over the past 5 days, you will see an acute case of writer's block.
That sounds dangerous. Maybe, it is an "Airborne Toxic Event" like in the novel, White Noise.
Thank you in return, ma'am.
visiting my parents and attending my friends wedding. Might be out there for a month
NW Baby boy
(: SMILE BEAUTIFUL!!!
we gotta hang b4 skool starts
sorry you unfollowed but looking for mutual follows - follow me again and I'll follow you back.
I can't ! my phone is off :(
Hi how are you doing and tell your sisters i love theme and im going to get the new cd
Happy Birthday David Bowie and Elvis!!! Two of my favorite musicians right there. Legends! :)
girl, these are my questions all over. I am a dramaturg because I poses those skills, I'd like to think I could do many jobs.
praise the lawd somebody has finally spoken some truth up in here!!!
Oh no hou want to bring up old shit! ": At least I don't get pooped on 💩👍😂😭 "
You have a lot of shopaholic company we won't judge (too harshly).
thanks. It was a tough/scary decision, but it was right for me at the time. It's possible Lori :)
Interns having trouble opening J1 instructions (due tomorrow) I've uploaded a word doc. You need to visit UITS to fix your computer ASAP.
I love my bed bby I don't want to leave you </3
Insomnia- the inability to obtain sufficient sleep.
Im ready to go home .
long stories, tell you later
definitely makes for funny stories. Your nose last night was so funny. Pretty sure we laughed at anything by 2am Lol
u put some brown sugar in the corn bread..? lmao
Well, made me drink some STFU juice. Although, look at the catch in super slow-mo. His gut enveloped the ball.
Oh my gosh no! I am never on! Thank you for basically running this account for me!
make that ass jump
There needs to be permanent cops sitting on 50th ave ne & the ave... At least I'm movin' away soon too.
We do not, sorry!
#YEEE I'm so glad Austin Keller followed me<3 will u please follow me. It would make my day better<3
If you're wondering why my timeline is suddenly filled with RTs, it's because I'm procrastinating exercise.
What then shall we say to these things? If God be for us who can be against up? Ne faithful to the faithful God. He knows all about you!
I think computers already took over your brain
2 dollars in tips! once again
The Aztecs offered wicker baskets filled with cacao beans as gifts to the conquistadors. The conquistadors weren't quite as generous...
Respect Chander!! Congrats and well see you
I hope they listen to you from now on.
WASHING THE MOVIE GREASE WITH MY KIDS WE LOVE IT...
Perhaps, but to say they need to approach head injuries w/ same vigor as Bountygate ignores fact Bountygate encouraged those.
We have a million strategies to help you and your child stay healthy!
yes it is! Thank u. Pray for me! I hope this the one.
Happy hunting in those vintage shops!
My phone is so dry.
why are you a cripple?!
Westbrookes ears are so tiny
I know we have never met but I love you. ;)
Okay.. Y'all be safe today. You know who you are.
lol! Is it a play ?
Beat The Pussy Up Leave It Upset 😊
Back to clendenin tomorrow... But tonight BDB
always great to see you! We should just try every place in metro center an write a blog about it ha
HAVE A GREAT FRIDAY EVERYONE!
Bad dream. Now I remember why I don't sleep.
Last Call with is a replay tonight with Maker Studios and Lisa Nova on it.
RT : Don't waste your energy envying other peoples life, instead use your energy to improve your own life
Blarg. That sucks man. Good luck.
The new pay-for-visibility experiment fits well with American law that equates money with free speech.
Thanks Marianne, I'm glad you enjoy my work!
Cheers to laughter. :) Happy Friday!
The only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are
damn FO i need some booty
Exercise - the would be weapon in every executive's arsenal to combat stress and aggravation!
everybody follow preciate that
Chat seems to be down.... any suggestions?
I created a monster RT : Such upsets!! Such upsets!!
so were listening to the show and our computer stops all of a sudden, his show gave our computer tamau.
Day's like today I realize I need a bigger desk.
#indy if you aren't having an amazing night tonight that's your own fault
Happy Monday and all my ABQ peeps! Be back in 10 days and ready to tweet
kevin? Bald guy? He is in music production. Big client is Eric Binette (spelling?)
My Libra scales are weighing in/ And I jus got the verdict...
When I tweet about Islam or about Muslims, I sometimes get a batch of anti-Muslim tweets in response...
Next screening: Double feature of Kill Bill Vol. 1 & 2 THIS SATURDAY NIGHT! 4-8:30PM Mansion 101.
You guys keep my twitter busy.. :)
RT : Gov. Pat Quinn took the "cinnamon challenge," swallowing a tablespoon of ground cinnamon. Watch the video:...
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop? More like how many tweets to get to notice you /:
Often when drinking a Sam Adams varietal, I find myself actually thinking I may have been better off not having a beer at all. Madness.
it would be cool if i could actually pull off high-waisted shorts lol
That is pretty bad!
Things have just gotten interesting...
Take me home, country roads...
At the training #NewLeaders #BUDL #HigherAchievement and many more!
I'll have to check tonight when I get home. Been a couple of years since I watched it.
Thanks, Lea! It's been great so far. I'm just the acting WGS librarian...we'll be posting the position soon.
you haven't let us down, Damon <3
The Dior commercial gets me pumped on gold and perfume. Good job marketing.
& the perfect people ;) lol
wake yo ass up
Thunder is on a murdering spree!!!
Aw, you're so cute. Many girls would like to meet you, me for example :}.
... used iweb for anything. Stinks that you slept through FedEx, but you'll get yours soon! Yay!
Choose local & independent & build a strong local economy .
"For men it's all about who you know, for broads it's all about who you blow" - Weird old man at the gym
Why am I still watching Rush Time Machine 2011: Live in Cleveland? #twitterbinge 2/24
Check out -- maybe soon we can make a #BMS Scene!
Happy halloween! Time to party and get scared!
Thanks, I think the data shows that quality content is the most important factor for Twitter impact, above quantity and frequency.
what do you mean? are there other people staying in the same resort?
NBA photographer.
hahahahahaha, sorry dallas we are to country
I can't begin to express how happy the season finale of made me tonight!
Who indeed? What did you conclude? RT Who's the scholarly comms innovator? Slim PLoS or fat Elsevier?
RT : Familiar faces from #filmfrenzy featured w/ Grow. Share. Prepare. at
I'm a young, hip teenager. May I do that?
and Bday jam with and friends getting it in @
running outside was unbelievable today! Hope you enjoyed the sunshine!
Down to the single digits! 9 days!
hahaja I don't think so, but apparently were following each other
where you live at
Week ahead is my "calm before the storm"...on a mission to stay ahead of the curve...
it's so Delicious you don't even know
PR group project due Tuesday and we have no idea what we're doing. Uh oh.
congrats ! You've won a $100 gift certificate to !
I'm reading Stephen King's new one UNDER THE DOME, hope to read Agassi's OPEN next!
.: No idea who's viewing/sending what. E.g. alarm clock app that sends out your location and phone ID every time it rings.
haha that is true I'd say damn this guy is the shit haha
Going to be photographing some food trucks soon for my blog. Any ideas who I should feature?
What is your favorite music genre?
Fred is an awesome guy!!
Watching x-files. ed just got fucked over. he prolly finna kill everybody most likely prolly tho
I am a ignorant ass nigga....so wrong..eh....now sleep for real this time
Real_Liam_Payne should follow me.
Nice! Next up is a blind taste test for A, see what he thinks.
I like my food spicy to feel ALIVE and also to cover up that it's gone bad
Nothing like a foamy caramel latte to bring in a Sunday afternoon...
It's gonna be an Awesome day/week/year!!!
wouldn't a cool show be called mothbusters and the whole show you try to bust moths doing criminal acts like racketeering #yay!
be yourself everyone is already taken
I am not totally convined yet that kangaroo meat does not have a "gamey" taste !
IPad version we are working on - Once invited add room to fav's ;) enter that way (apple don't allow Adult)
We're giving 10% of enrollment back to students' high schools for another week! :) Register now and give back to your school too!
Moving tribute tonight to #Seau. Nice to see Elway & Manning there. Class all the way.
Not warped! The big time rush concert! Hahaha
You have to see a man be a man to be man
Enjoyed the Pro webinar today, other than Roger hacking the feed. Bad robot.
i am buddy, cutie
Kicked out of class Cheergirl<333
Does anyone think that long distance relationships work out?
amazing! just had a biology exam this morning...only one paper left in biology so excited for when its over..
I'd tell kids about LGBT people all the way down to around age 4. It's not inappropriate to say "some boys love boys."
waahhhhh :( are you gonna be able to go to cotillion ?!
goodnight twitter.
This Sunday, DJ Stephen of XLR8 Entertainment will perform live at Sirico's in Brooklyn, NY! Pics to come!!!
Whoopsie, Cahill coming off with a hamstring injury, Luiz already out, and Ivanovic to serve 3 match ban shortly. ;-)
I was thinking about you- Happy early graduation leetle!! xoxo so proud of you!
Whats your favorite dance style?
You better Belize!
Are you going to Trash Movie Night this weekend?
Bed. I need to clear my head.
can you feel the love?
Bowed a yard by sea dictions. Do? Ha. Getting to the qatar deck before it's too late.
I've only read 5 books in August. Granted, the avg length of each of those 5 books was 740 pages, but still. I feel like I've slacked off!
Haven't been up to much lately, except for the occasion jingle gig. My apologies to all my fans. I will make an effort to get something...
Grab My Body Baby ,Hold My Heart Dont Break It, It Is Yours
Dude by the way i like your haircut it looks like tintin's ive been trying to get it that way for along time
Oh No! Not that!!
I'll be in NY April 20. I should be around May 9!
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - George Bernard Shaw
don't do it!!! Thats like $785.25 USD!!!! I'll sent u one for 1% of that! Or hand deliver for 300%.. watever works for u*
it's not a secret tho they stick out like terry crews biceps
Just ordered a otter box. Cant wait till it comes in!
we'll be there!
“: Los Angeles hasn’t changed me. I still put on leather pants one leg at a time.”
I don't care if I clash, I'm cold. Anyway redbud purple kinda goes with maroon. Stupid office air conditioning.
I have arrived NYC for Showcase. It's great to be here!
Dreams lately have definitely been wild.Don't know what's going on but everyone I want to talk to seems to be staying at the same hotel !!
Not gonna lie Rachel made me tear up when she sang her solo! Her voice is amazing! :)
I know!! I don't remind me!!! Ah. Have to wait till August
I hate crappy texters.
Fun fact: there's roughly enough iron contained in a human body's blood to make 1 three-inch nail.
today is a sweat pants and sweat shirt kinda day
Nothing worse than an egotistical smug prick of a man who thinks he can tell a woman how to live her life. Makes. Me. Sick.
is off to UWM Spring Writers Festival.
Hope the #LTDArmy is having a great week!
Thanks! Diversity is the spice of life :)
Romo, I know you play your heart out and it's no one player's fault. It's a team effort. You have played outstanding.
Methinks they should bars in Target stores. THE POSSIBILITIES.
To watch us dance is to hear our hearts speak. ~Indian Proverb
sitting here working on integration strategy of social media response data with direct marketing response data for a customer. exhausted.
I always track down people when I find there wallet or cell phone. I have a 100 percent success rate at the moment. Karma
Girls are starting to seem more and more like children... Impressed by tall tales and shiny objects...
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt. Henry J. Kaiser
BREAKING: SWAT standoff in Del Valle-reports of shots fired. Also, Maplewood Elementary in East Austin on lockdown-police search for burglar
Amazing lunch (eggplant sand and banana nut cake) from keepping my brain alert in all day brainstorm today!
Be with someone who knows exactly what they have when they have you. Not someone who realizes it after they've lost you.
Woulda said good morning but Eat Ass... should stick longer than nice words... :-)
I'll be there. It's my first print judging ever so I'm nervous and excited all at once! I'll be dropping my prints off 2day
today is my birthday and It would mean so much if you said happy birthday!
Excited to be working on a new practical skills program for next year.
“: . Just trying to figure out where the line is between classy and classless.” Starts at Rex's fat feet.
I fail at life... Tweeted ACU from ACU... -__-
Props for rocking out their hoodies at today's game
I officially graduate high school in 5 days! :D
OMGOMGOMGOMGLOLWTF SHUT UP I DONT CARE ABOUT YOUR HEALTH TEST YOU FAILED. Jeez.
Fake KC pimp where U at? Dollar store maybe?
nope, head northeast :)
EEk! RT : Awesome news today! Sadly I have to keep it quiet. You will find out soon enough!
Where are you from? :33
awe! Thanks gal!
A Series of Really Not So Bad Events
Taking the lady to the #Blazers game tonight. Her idea! Hope it's not just a ploy to look at
Come and feel the Monday blues go away with a ZUZU grilled chicken or Mahi Mahi salad.
Oh man, looking out the window... it is getting dark already!
like always :)
hello how's it going kinda just started this yesterday but im slowly catching on
they canceled The Wonder Years and TSSF after party. it's bullshit and something should be done.
what? you read??
What's a good mothers day gift ? Besides perfume and lotion.
My mission: 1,2OO followers! For every follower I will simply post a random pic that connects to me. Let's make it happen! Leggooo!! ;)
I wasn't going to say it...
listening to music. What about you?
no prob just a little "welcome home"!
cheer camp was amazing.
How do you turn your dishwasher into a snow plow????....GIVE HER A SHOVEL!!!!!!! WAR the Packers going to the Superbowl!!!
cool, I will try to find a day that everybody's available. I'm excited to show what I got out of this summer
A smile is the easiest way to make another person feel worthwhile.
Watched a basketball game and a 9-year-old stops in the middle of playing and says, "Hey Ref! I need some water!"
Baby, I already know which house you're sorted in cuz you've got my snake Slytherin
#20FactsAboutMe I finally made a rap song, even though I can't rap
do u mind if i use that last tweet/quote as a facebook status? Lol i love it.
"You're the boss daddy" *whispers*
me! Duh!
good morning y'all i pray for every one to have a great weekend lets rack it up Las Vegas stand up and get on yo grind
Thanks for RT's/mentions!
These pancakes I just made >>
Alright , Vonnegut was in the Battle of the Bulge. You win, but I was right too so it's a draw.
Just realized the week is almost over already.... Crazy.
Baltimore... Putting the "G-H-E-T-T-O" in the word Ghetto
Rachel just choked!?!?!?
RT Boy Scouts of America coming to WV in 2013. Bob Mazzuca, Chief Scout Exe promises to be good partners and neighbors
- Tweet Thank4follow. All business and need help on W. Coast with new project topsinamerica.com
93% of all greeting cards are purchased by women
hahaha you're funny :)
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions I'd buy New Jersey.
A Knopf tale: Updike loved bookmaking & sometimes went on press, once operating the hose that sprayed topstain color on uncased book blocks.
I feel that everyday. But we must refuse to concede our government "by the people, for the people" to snakes & tarts.
lil wayne is vain pass it down
Need to teach my dog that 'here we go' trick
We are playing the Mad Frog in Clifton on Thursday February 23 from 11:15-12:15. $5 at the door, information on Facebook coming soon!
My pleasure. Also posted the details on FB. And working on another outlet. Hope it helps!
yes. #bootytude (when are we making our valiant return?)
#SometimesYouHaveTo play the bad guy and let someone else be the hero.
Normal Girls: "Shoes, make-up, clothes, accessories, etc." Me: "Idk man, I just know I love food & Austin Mahone."
Anyone have #423 matching pin from official paymentd? We get $100 if so.
Pollen record? ": Stats of the day: low of 56°F, high temperature of 86°F. Tied record high set in 1982. #gawx #athensga"
I love how cavaliers is my so called 'family' but when I say hi to one of those family members, they just roll their eyes at me. :P
I never watched Seinfeld actually
"We do not ask for what useful purpose the birds do sing,for song is their pleasure since they were created for singing"~J.Kepler
Still n the streets sshopping this is foolishness
aww thank you so much!!! that means a lot to us! xoxox
95% of #breastcancer patients/survivors surveyed said it's important to have a 24-hr hotline for fellow survivors. Only 14% knew one exists.
yeah, France.
See why you playing with me?
Oh, poor baby! Sorry to hear that. Hugs to you and her! I didn't realize she was so old.
The Sox are the only team in the Central right now to have a plus run differential
"I rival a female" -
Shout out to Sacred Heart Academy, they will be presenting "A Miracle Worker" on Friday and Saturday. I hear the stage crew is awesome.
Hey Swets! I'm great my man. You still working with athletes at all bro?
I just think its pointless after testing *shrugs*
Finally watching The Avenger's
Instagram hasn't been working for me all morning. How am I suppose to take vintage filtered photos of my mundane life now?
4703 crap on a cracker! My eyes bugged out! That is...whoa hahaha
I'm so late for class....oh well we ain't doing Shit but watching horror movies on Netflix anyway
: Do you have a beef with Cancer? Just us at Ettore's this Saturday for BURGERS FOR THE CURE. www.burgersforthecure.com
Cowardly move by the MD General Assembly earns them Cot of the Week.
help need somebody help not just anybody help you know i need someone heeeeeellppppp ----- Big Time Rush and The Beetles
Portlander spends four straight weeks leafing through Harpers at a coffee shop and has yet to have anyone notice how cultured he is.
best adventures
That 'zone' seems a bit daunting to maintain - but totally worthwhile.
Boy, it's super HOT in Vegas!!!
block parties yesterday, Pride parade today and then two more block parties in the late afternoon :-)
Her kids have done awesome! Jr high and high school now.
I need somebody to text..
“: Happy B-Day slime”Good Look Bro!!!
Happy Saturday Harry! Thanks RT
record deal request for trade NWO INTERSCOPE RECORDS
im excited
Steve Novak manningface?
$530 tournament this Saturday at 9:30am, 10k chips and 30 min levels. $125 single table satellites at 7:00am, top 2 win a seat plus cash.
DeLeo jokes that he welcomes UMass President Caret but can't give him any money in the FY 13 budget.
Officially done with organic chemistry! 😏
spinning you right now!
In Abuja, Nigeria... beautiful state. Finally get to see what this is all about. Watching Hausa.
How do I take a break from reading papers? That's right! DRAG RACE!
ok..don't wann mislead the people...BABYLON IS IN DA HOUSE...YA HEARD?/ (LONDON...ALL OVA)...Luv ya
Back in Chicago! Made the late flight with a few other zombies. Now a 4 hour nap and back to work.
Employers need to meet EEOC standards in the workplace. Learn how to prevent sexual harassment in the workplace.
For computer geeks: Make a wish and have a happy 63 day! (base 10)
push on
Who wins the fight this weekend?
#20ThingsAboutMe I love zebra & girraffe prints ^.^
Thanks for sharing widely. It's a critical health issue for men, especially black men.
Help me find the reason for the beautiful Pearl Bailey nude shots? Looking for a smart answer about a nude is impossible. Thx
Countdown to the 3rd Annual NTK Expo on Saturday, October 30 has begun. Thanks to all the awesome vendors and sponsors. It's going to be so…
i felt so lucky on st patricks day cause i found a 4 leaf clover
I recently completed a fun #voiceover project for -- check out their web site!
#CarandDriver, the nation's leading magazine for car enthusiasts has used CST for more than twenty years
Brief break before final presenter
me too! I will be seeing u in a few weeks though:) aren't u so excited
Is this a chicken soup day or what?
i bought your signed copy of neversaynever
Does anyone Know ratios and proportions??!??!?!
- So far so good on 2012. TM was great - Oberhofer was briefly back from Denmark and came to the mtg. Fun night.
Mozart on #pandora and coffee running through my veins. I will kick today's butt.
If you love magnolias, the National Arboretum collection is about to peak!!
Attention, Austin! A fundraiser to help pay author Aaron Allston's medical costs is planned for 19 July in Georgetown. Stay tuned 4 details.
you guys still going? i hear christmas carols...
i had the most amazing break and it's all because of you <3 (:
Thanks, Talia. Glad you like them.
i know the feeling
Thx! Maybe see you around. P.S. Saints games are very revolutionary in mkting :).
Fina go to this orientation .....all these hoes look about filthy as hell lol
Can I get some jihad on the late ass paper truck?
The funniest thing just happened! My dad rode the barn stormer! Haha!
We are at Catalina Bar & Grill watching Kenny Burrell with very fun friends.
Its Worth The Drive To Come See The Fearsome Five!!!
yeah that would be smarter
No Vodka?
Thinking for the future
RT : RT : Idea: advertising vs product design. Fight to the death.
I Just follow funnyorromance
I'm pretty sure I reached my voting limit for you real quick. Good thing I used my moms phone and my dads and my sisters.
But twitter so damn addicting I can't. Lol.
#DC Water on the cutting edge of #green water management & #infrastructure! How exciting! wapo.st/sZroRO
Loving all this sunshine like you but trust me, if we don't start getting some rain we'll be using bottled water to bathe in come summer $$$
Cool. I expect you to do the same for me. Keep thinking/writing/dreaming!
what r u doing
I think the Walking Dead game would be better as a "Dead Rising" type of game. What do you think?
Well, that said, I feel a compelling need to know ... WHAT are you listening to?! :D
Just bought some D.R.U.G.S
Thank you for your support!
Goin to sleep early tonight.
I doubt will ever notcie me, but im crying right now because i dont have a ride to go 2 hours away 2see him in WI. ILOVEYOU 4
aren't you excited?
Very excited after reading about Chicago's plans for unveiling a 5,000 bike, 500 station bicycle-sharing rental program next summer
We would! I mean who wouldnt want to watch a channel all about the best person ever?1?! =)
just followed them
Thanks for Retweet!
I'm surprised we haven't seen fundraising numbers from any candidates in #mn8 my guess is they all had a bad quarter
Thank ya, Jen!!! You know, I can't stop doing politics. It's my life, haha! XOXOXO
#Lakers have 9 off boards and 14 asts. They're crashing boards and moving the ball. #Nuggets must nut up.
My Klout score is holding at 61. They say I'm influential about Greece. Hm... where did they get that from? I do like mediterranean food.
I'm knitting on the 3rd floor of GRB by the Hilton skybridge if anyone wants to join me between now & 4:50.
sup lil cuzzn! I ain't seen u in a while! U in town?
But what happens if the ARC optimizing compiler releases the variable after its last use but before end of scope?
u tweeted CAN U GET WAY? Was dat directed 2 n what she say?
Just woke up. Plz tell me the braun news was a nightmare...
hooked it up today c:
thank you!
RT Re DRIVE lawsuit: I'm suing Ben-Hur because I thought it was about transsexuals.
Tickets for Craig Ferguson during BCH will go on sale in July via the BCH website. Show will begin at 9pm on October 15, 2010.
check out the Margerum tasting room. Great wine/food.
tee'd it up for me joe joe. All I had to do was make contact
Loved that quote!
i can't stop love you
dude for real ? SHUTUP
should be 3...
4 press pool rpts, u r entertaining, u should folo around but secret service & prob won't allow that
I can't DM you!? Ill post tonights special when I get in tonight. I've been off all week :)
- we will get back on it. Thanks! “: today's lunch specials?”
happy birthday to the best daddy ever!
#Christmas is a #beautiful time of
hells yeah it is. Lol. I love Ace 1! & ahem so far you have good taste lol.
All joke retweets aside, License was the first tape I bought for myself.
People are much more friendly in Boston than DC. I asked directions from of a driver and she got out of her car at a stop light and helped!
Well my armpits been shaved for the past few days, so i cannot think about you~
DONT get sassy with me :-)
should make a workout DVD for up and coming athletes. Make some money for working out
Do what you love and the rest will follow!!
I really hate when my thoughts start to mess with me!
so glad I get to talk to you all day every day now. My life complete
Call me!!!
Half my damn timeline is "hey famous person, can I get a rt for my birthday?" And I've seen some that ask 4 or 5 different peeps in 1 tweet.
ya sounds good!
“: I like to pretend that instead of riding the metro I'm riding a rollercoaster :)”. Do you put your hands in the air?
“: People leave, life goes on.”
Like u weren't! At least mine had a pic of a girl on it.
Hey i like this diet plan, i have been struggling to loose30 pounds since i was in high school 5 years ago
Thursday not to be missed for #americanbeerweek with
need breakfast!
Woke up at 5 to study, then feel sleep after 30 minutes. Then woke up again by my dady.
GM world #early tweet
what's this shit I hear Kylie is in Florida for 2 weeks? #notokay why didn't they take us? Miss you
I need a quote.
Please fix your fucking bulleted list algorithm! Sick and tired of having to backspace, CR to get rid of stray bullets.
Perfect!!! Will you be in Maryville this summer?
In class with my best friend  
Yeah, "sins of the flesh" and all that. It was almost like conservatives believed we should only use our genitals once per procreation.
Omg I don't get paid enough for this shit!
I hope no one pays attention to that pic lol
WHERE IS MAH CHALLENGE
taught me the power of a fellowship of like-minded souls to help hold the space. i think i found some new members.
Let's set the world on fire, we can grow brighter than the sunn(:
Hi mom! Greetings from Denver!
I'm playing Married Life by Michael Giacchino (from Up!) for my piano recital. So excited. :)
First night of weaning off of his binky (pacifier) looks to be a long one.... cc
Victor Perlman, 1st speaker on 2nd panel (who is concerned with broad access) starts w a disclaimer ...
Let me get this straight: you chose to ignore my advice and now shit is fucked up? No. Way. I'm just the ppm. You own it. You fix it.
Woke up at 5 and posted a bond for a couple celebs. I should change my name to celebrity bail bonds.
ha I wish man!
33 cents at Kroger for the reeses peanutbutter egg!
Thanks, 44 ": Brooks Orpik was the first NHL player not named Miele or Wingels to join #Pens #YouCanPlay."
Italian food for dinner of course
Sounds like a great day for a Packers fan!
Why the hell do I find Sandra Bullock so damn sexy???
I know how to say "i love one direction" in sign language (:
we like to party.
Alfred Runte and Wilian Cronon--that is more like it.
cheers to you for your RTs! May you have a knowledgeful day
that's unreal! Some people shouldn't be allowed to have pets?!
it's raining in New York...=P
sorry for delay! Finishing up big grant and have been twitter neglective! Didn't receive email. Sent to ?
Your tweets are annoying, I unfollow. If I unfollow, don't ask for a followback. The point of twitter is to view ENJOYABLE tweets.
Awesome talks with my cousins and
I'm such a lifetime junkie, I saw the chubby coach from Dance Moms today. No one recognized her.
what is the line up for this year's Congo Square New World Rhythms Festival?
I'll never run out of fucks to give for the people I care about.
hell the fact that we're tweeting about it is representative. See as well.
I can't even argue that logic
I've been busy re-doing my gaming corner... black Friday can be better the Xmas. ;o)
So proud of you my friend!! You do a great job on the show!!!
Zusi playing on the right wing tonite?
Happy BDay - enjoy the success you've created.
": RT : #TwoThingsThatDontMix Beautiful Ladies And Fake Bitches"
Do you really want all of the same friends on G+ as you have on FB? This is the perfect opportunity to weed out unwanted friends
I do like the Media section of the NYTimes on Mondays.
Ham prices high heading into Easter holiday
I'm not gonna wear Supreme, niggas d-ride it too much for me because of OF.
gorgeous. thanks, you.
I bust my ass for feet like this!
“: Packers d is absolutely garbage. Gotta drop them on the fantasy team.” because the Saints were so much better...
WELL I SEE THE WOMEN HAD A WONDERFUL DAY YESTERDAY I'M GLAD TO SEE YOU SMILE LADIES
RT: On Free Market: I want to compete on a level playing field... No advantages! How about you?
Just went to the post secret exhibit and got in trouble for touching the works... I was praying over them
Indeed my friend! Ain't that the way it should be??! (: I better see you soon.. or else lol xoxox
Sometimes I open up a huge map of the U.S. and just can't stop looking at it.
OWE TAXES AND CAN'T PAY? Stop by our Open House Saturday July16 9-2pm our offices Wooward in Detroit. We can work it out.
thanks you too
Love my mom
MINES BETTER
On my way to SUNY Cobleskill/Oneonta for a little boys nite out/college reunion. I brought the advil and gatoraide
Fine line, huh?
Good stuff. Mueller: Academic journals as productive forces in time-space; connections to ANT
I agree Frankie dont have a good voices James way better
Book recommendations please! No novels - history, biographies, etc. Thank you!
“: We are looking forward to a great day!”--> So are we!
When my brother was in aerospace he could have worked for Nasa but it was already known that within a few years they'd be
Happy Holidays everyone from PLI!
its going to be 80 degrees.
LP: In the primary season, politicians elbowing each other out of the way to show who's the most born again
Daddy's home!
No problem!
I hope its a girl
:) Noelle is awesome !!!
Reminder: The Bloody Irish Boys will be playing at Bernie's Distillery in Columbus tonight. They go on at 9:00 see ya there.
This is amazing. You should be a photographer... :o)
buy Kim Kardashian a new voice box and personality. And an eharmony account.
why thank you! Would have loved for you to join us. But you get ,lol
Unfortunately the #royals also have to pitch too #hochevarmeltdown , good to see the offense turn it on though
you make a potential disaster sound kinda cute.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions I'll donate... Nevermind. I'll go PERSONALY to Africa and give money to starving family's. I don't trust company's.
Dude selling candy bars and weed ?!??
SO to my son & the rest of TW U18 on their quest for Wis State Champions. Kick some A$$ and bring it home
ahh! two exams today! cannot wait to be done with my exams for the week tomorrow
#ChuckNorris IS allowed to talk about Fight Club...
They never said it was easy...
It feels good to be back at Canal Park
Happy Mom's Day everyone!
you are so cool !! you are the best sweetie (:
#primFTISLANDNYC You stop tweeting when we start ಠ_ಠ I see how it is Hongki, I see. COME TO NEW YORK PLEASE ♡
Doesn't mean you're not a permanent perv though.
Watching the Knicks we gotta pull this shit off tonight !!!!
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!3
Favorite KTRU memories: Learning that Melt Banana isn't just something you slip on. ♫
On break wit my nigg Lil B
Was a time when dictionaries didn't come with pop-up ads for Crystal Light Mocktails.
I really hope you don't look like that... :P
Inspirational? Sweat shops, ruthless tax deals. He changed the way a lot of people live, not all for the better.
Wow. I apologize. Bringing this to both Bev and Karin's attention now.
worth shit!! a woman always gets the benefit of the doubt even if she is as ratchet as pilar sanders..
Thanks for sharing.
Our pleasure! Good luck in your own social media outreach & hope you stay tuned for upcoming ELACC events!
ran over a mile today, eugh finally getting back to where I was in november.. as far as endurance goes, anyway
After some dreary cloudy days, we're finally beginning to get some real nice weather in New York enjoy it while you can can change overnight
& Heather McDonald were HILARIOUS tonight! loved ur "simple not stupid" jokes!
Just signed a contract with Heat fitness. The gym is beautiful and it's conveniently located in Midtown Atlanta
cvs fucks everything up! Every god damn thing
I adore you and I'm so happy we work together. Xo
so..have you noticed on your Amazon page, apparently people who buy your book FREQUENTLY also buy 50 Shades of Grey?! WTF.
thanks for the retweet on the Indie Go Go!!!!! :)
Come and join Dennis or Michelle at the bar for a refreshing Mango Martini!
Anyone else ready for the NHL playoffs?
Losing weight for summer. Is cardio or weight training the best way to get you there?
#SaySomethin positive or shut the fuck up
ask him
Invisible?! I see you love.. <3
Things are really looking up.. : )
Dnt really care abt da OKC vs LAKERS GAME just want to see a good game
Love this! "Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day." - H. Jackson Brown
Only 20 more minutes until #americanidol. Go !
In 2008, #Twitter maxed at a rate of 27 tweets/second. In 2012 the record was marked at (wait for it) 12,233/second. at
i know you would get rid of me if you could ...but just face it boo boo im whats up
Pastor Bobby Macado is a preacher! Praise Jesus.....
just watched too. Feel the same way! Brutal
you and need to come party in Dallas!!! I got the perfect spot 4 y'all 2 host. :-) And an xtra bedroom!
What was the room like when we picked Poe? It's like a weird dream...
Student by day, activist by night, trying to get laws passed to help undocumented students via social media
Damn #Nuggets keeping it just close enough so that I have to watch the second half. I'm too old to be a sports fan in the Eastern Time Zone.
PLS MY LOVE FOLLOW ME :D LOVE YOU
i could never do really well with the notecards - I like the note functions in powerpoint....and a notepad.
I. Cant. Do. ANYTHING. :( can we go to Guapos now?..or Shake Shack then dancing? wahh
not a problem at all love
stop talking about food
I'm looking forward to seeing the #supermoon tonight, maybe even share a bootle of #wine with my sweetie under it!
where is Manor Lane? Tiff & I did some serious hills this morning too. Hello April!!!
We are here....
are u still alive? I haven't talked to u or seen u in forever! 😔
I am so much better at text flirting than real flirting.
ok...what u getting
Since Im already gonna be there, at the Orlando.show!!:) #IfIRuledTheWorld Id have VIPs so I could actually meet you guys:'(
People threatening need to "grow mentally and morally" no matter what religion they practice.
Aww! Poor Austin..he seems so sad and it makes me sad, he looks really lonely and i really just wanna give him a HUGE HUG :(
lmfao<3 TEXT ME. and awh poor baby! Im doing homework to pass my time when i could be doing other things! LOL JK
wait are you in Boston this weekend?!?
My day was amazing... Just thought I would let everyone know :)
How long are you in town?
he a fatass
Happy to host the hottest ladies night in city of #Milwaukee on a Friday night only at Ivy Lounge ! Bringing u only the best!
Hahah he was right over me. XD
saw you riding your bike on 60 today! Just though id let you know
Focus shouldn't be on knowledge, but on love for learning. at
Never fails that the minute goes out of town on business my calendar fills up.
Where"s the party at?
Show tonight at 830 with at 400 Bar in S. Minneapolis!! Be there! 5$ tkts through me or 8$ at the door! Hit me up!
working on kingdom times magazine
welcome to buffalo!
Can't wait to see Gunner today! 🐶😊
you are no
is very pleased with the progress he's made so far. Now if he could only get the people on the street to start speaking textbook Chinese!
Welcome back to twitterville.
“Work4 a cause,not for applause.Live life to express, not to impress.Don’t strive to make your presence noticed,just make your absence felt"
Starting our James Brown unit for class this week. So excited!
I THOUGHT THE ACOUSTIC/ SIGNING WAS AT 4:00. ??????
Junior Seau's family is allowing brain to be studied. If you're the NFL, you are praying his death had 0 to do with the game. Praying hard
Me too when are we going again?
AWESOME! That's bravery!
I just need 4 more followers until I reach 500... Please help me out :)
This is one of the reasons I hate the bus..
There’s a smile on my face but I don’t know why it’s there… I put it on to satisfy all the people that don’t even care.
has a crush on for hood reason. Branding!
just turned on the radio and .bang!! #boyfriend hit me it was like lightning
15 million U.S.residents practiced yoga last year up almost 30% from the year before. ~from Yoga Journal
Walk around tall and taste the sweet flavor of your dreams being accomplished. Go ahead...taste them! Expect the very best TODAY!
The finale of 90210 was good! I loved it! L.A. Complex was okay.
Good luck at the conference. I must admit, I miss them. Always exciting developments and interesting people.
Tonight's just not my night </3 I'm off.
I did not want to wake up today :/
RT : "If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door" - Milton Berle
Paige of Lower Sherwood Farm is "Baking for the Scottsville Market again." ginger cookies, blondies, peanut butter cookies, sugar cookies...
#1-Tom Brady-QB-New England Patriots
are you saying you need new beats or are you telling me??
": Hahaha cracks me up. Has to be some author or journalist."--- i think he really is Bill.....
Dear Monday, I hate you so much. So #Tired Love, Amy
thanks for the kind words :)
I still think that a stanley cup in Boston would be 10 times the craze of the finals in 08.
Just trust the voice within
Sweet! Lookin' forward to it. We'll see what happens! :)
Thank you! Same to you :)
RT : Money & success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there. -Will Smith
Thanks! I did; right away, too. But it looks like deleted tweets show up in the timeline. (Or am I wrong?) Oh well!
Be good. Don't go anywhere.
I hate red drinks. They all taste like cherry cough syrup to me. Except red cream soda. yeahh
Classes down, grading up
#D4R is streaming live now at justgood.tv #resilience #designthinking (via )
Simple Tweet: HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL MOMMYS IN THE WORLD.. Best wishes, Cilo.
hey mrs.bsm mamma can i get a follow back
RT : Looking forward to hearing who won tonight's Hot Dog Race at the O's game. Go Relish!
“Being good is an adventure far more violent and daring than sailing around the world.” -- G.K. Chesterton
Tweets go off of other tweets I guess. I mean, maybe its like a domino effect.
All kids have hopes & dreams for the future, but growing up shouldn't have to be just a dream for some.
No excuse for Weber's actions I think Zetterberg tossed his head back & dropped flamboyantly. He's a veteran, drew attention
So happy I was born in 94 otherwise I wouldn't be part of the class of 2012 😍❤❤
So many ppl fighting me on my comment about Aubrey O'Day! By failed girl group, I meant no longer around. I stand by my previous statement.
Q1) Digital #curation is open to much more "untrusted" data, just because someone can say they will whether true or not.
how can I speak with Mr. Cox?
"The annals of research journals are littered with the corpses of beautiful ideas that were killed by facts." -Prof. Stephen C. Stearns
whoever hasn't listened to Chris Brown's new song "Turn Up The Music" needs to get a life cuz this song is #BEAST i luv it
Why have one overpriced and overrated QB when you could have two?
Omg, this song!! Instantly transported to childhood. (Gotta Kick It Up)
Isn't that kind of the point? That the numbers are bullshit? !!!
yeah losing by 40 dude
Skyping with my friend singing The Motto by drake lol YOLO!!
So determined to go to
BLACK NAPKINS IS THE CORRECT THING TO LISTEN TO RIGHT NOW. By Dweezil, actually, not Frank. Today.
yu already know what is it ;p
Definitely hit a chord with me. Thanks for writing it!
Chefs brgr garden peppers, pepper jack cheese, local lemon grapefruit aioli, roasted garlic tomatoes, baby iceberg w/ craft beer $15
they scared off the tranny hookers on 21st and St. Paul for a year before BC up and removed it #NoNo why? why? why?
had a great time and tasted a lot of great #CraftBeer great fest to kick off the #beer #festival season
Looking for anyone to like my page. Please 'like' Nyla Morrison's Shop. Good food and photos. Thanks.
Thank God I got out of going to this "mandatory meeting" tonight
yes, NYC bound! We'll be moving this summer! sad to leave my great school behind, but excited for new adventures
Embrace failure.
LOL, ah, genius.
Danielle is so annoying this morning
#10ThingsThatILike The seven days of the week and then Friday, Saturday, and Sunday again because they’re so awesome!
Dear #InPlainSight, it's been great. Sorry to see it ending. Only two left makes me sad.
Hahahahaha, I'm coming, I'm coming... Give me like fifteen minutes.
Like it! I have one beer in my fridge. Just the one. It's a little lonely. But it's also only 2pm here.
damn dude sorry I missed ya, my cell service in the venue's been spotty all night! we gotta catch up soon!!
OMG .. she LOVED it. She couldn't stop talking about it yesterday when we were at my signing at the library.
Happy New Year East Coast!!!!
The feeling is mutual. You are wonderful.
By far, one of the BEST Mondays in the past 6 months and really in well over 3 years!!!
Jennifer Thomas in musicology - world's largest digital motet database
sweet! Spread the word :)
Wrapping up training tomorrow. Been a great experience so far!
I am extremely happy that the 1.2.12 videos will be revealed tonight. Bad journalism & ridiculous speculation has nearly drove me mad
Food Fact of the Day: March 9, 1839 The French withdraw from Veracruz, Mexico ending the Great Pastry War. Seriously? A conflict over choux>
National #zoo in #Washingtondc w ! Rraaaarrrrrr. Show me some grizzly bears.
U can't teach heart!¡!
Are you at or goint to the #NRAShow? Take $10 off a Segway tour of Chicago with show pass. Call 312 552-5100 for reservations.
Gr8 advice->Boost online presence by writing well-written book reviews on Amazon for books in your industry.
exactly, she look ugly w/o no makeup
"[Haunted House] This is the sound of cosmic sludge, dark and eerie with a host of spirits set free." -Bruce Lee Gallanter, Downtown...
Hi Jemima, sorry to be a bother but I'd really like to get in touch with you about a reporting grant. Melody ()
I've read that before... is it true?
I celebrate George Clooney's birthday.
Many of the ingredients in chocolate are proven to cause arousal similar in effect to sexual foreplay.
Now the OurTripVideos web site is more mobile friendly.
Wow, there are way too many apps in the apple store already. Palm has a long way to go to catch up...a long way to go...
stopp i love that movie! Let me be your wings
Are you a "lifelong learner"? If so, why?
At Dairy Queen : I didn't want to but my wife made me eat a Large NutterButterPeanutButter Blizzard
So happy to tweet * we finally got 2 ride our 4 wheeler today:). Good times
Everyone is invited to the WMUR studio (bottom of Johnston Hall) next Thursday from 10-11 AM for our show/Allen's birthday. More info later.
Ok, finals are done, toast to another semester done and now on to my "freetime" todo list
no doubt. Technically I still owe you on that bet.
You and I - Anarbor
i am obsessed with magazines
Ill make it happen! RT : absolutely you should make it an event "come see megans new shoes happy hr"
Being sick is the worst inconvenience
you know it 🙌
come to me
Anyone who researches for five min can find out my gender.I don't think readers who would be influenced by it do the research.
it's only fittin' cause i'm looking super fly with you.
My weekend looking fun ass hell and great
Good luck to our friends at #theWWclub tonight. Nerdy, swaggerific fashion! Swoon!
thank goodness you know where I wanna move
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
Today I bought a laptop and installed ubuntu all on my own like a grownup. I feel awesome.
it's fantastic that donated a concert to ! We need more from #rap & #hiphop stars. #npos must reach out.
Saw you at the meeting last night! I had to leave at 9, but I hope you made your way up to the mic. : )
thanks 4 your business! will ship 1st thing monday!
yeah I know lol
lol u can
I meant Yayy! Spell Check always messes up my tweets!
I am beautiful no matter how big or small I am. All sizes from 5 till 14 my beauty shines from within.
cool, nice de que nacionalidad?
RT : #StrangeLove, , and tonight!!! Get to early for Happy Hour!
I've got 4 tickets to the tonight that is sponsoring. Who wants to go?
don't forget that I'm in Florida and now very sad:(
I see the start of a good twitter fight... stop fighting on twitter and work it out in person.
Tuesday Play of the Day NHL Dallas Stars @ Phoenix Coyotes UNDER 5 goals
you like punk rock?
#MMAF2011 Shawn Schwegman says test your creative, I agree, do it in-home.
Sounds great! We love planning events too! We're having an Easter egg hunt!
Thanks for that thought!! I needed that!
I swear we're like the same people, just different bodies lol
It's National Chili Day! On a scale from 1-5 how spicy do you like your chili?
I see the opposite - in my personal stream but not in my #iipc12 search.
Thanks for the links dude!!
hey willow i am the biggest fan of you and the hunger games. it would mean the entire world to me if you followed me back. =)
I'm amazed! This guy at the gym discovered a way to build muscle. Apparently all you has to do is grunt & holler like an asshole for 2 hrs
:( I hope things get better for you. Good here, Liam is gettin so big! 8 months now
I'm not doing the chugga for you, you can forget that.
I should really go to sleep -.-
Watch the miami heat do wat they do. TEAMLEBRON
You are worthy...
Do you all have anything related to Asian-Pacific American Heritage we could share on iTunes U?
doing trivia? Consider us interested...
I was gone go to the gym
How big is your wine cellar at home?
That 4/20 shit aint finna make my day any different....it's everyday life
KD is real good... But your supposed to win at home haha still with my team!!
W'sup! Happy New Year!!!
Lmao.....Hispanics love black culture but as soon as you call them black they get defensive.... O_o
With Stephanopoulos returning next week, hopefully gets an opportunity to host a sunday show someday. Always most watchable....
Smile at everyone, even if they don't smile back.
Yum!!! I easily could eat 6 meals!!! I agree! :o)
Just bought a new pair of TOMS.
That's one of my favorite family pix of all time. Thanks for checking it out. I appreciate it. :)
Your a man horror #ThatsWhyYouHaveNOFriends and you take other women's man's.
yeah Cj on fox was great today. Also follow me seabass it's me zeb from the ticket years ago
Too cool!
I don't understand what the point would be in that.
lol told ya #IDGAF its the Asshole in me
Today, April 10, 5:15pm. Tech Tower. "When the Whistle Blows" ceremony to remember campus community members who have passed away.
Expect nothing, live frugally on surprise
: Sorry Matt! Didn't see your tweet until after the show.
Finally got a fresh cut.
I still know as much about it as Barry used to. :(
not psycho Ill Never put up my real picture Lookin ass ?
Garden will be open tonight if you want to go for it
Region X reception at the Zimmerli Museum, New Brunswick--classy, awesome, fun and educational. Conference excellent thus far!!!!
it's been exactly 2 months since I've seen you! Woahh xD
I have #johnnie blue balls
Amen. Can't get enough.
i like your know maxim magazine
Man FUCK the government. That's why im failing this class
Your fairy is more of a big spender than my fairy.
": Are you willing to be the CEO of your talent? (not just a starving artist)" A crucial question at this juncture.
Bout to talk her till we fall asleep on the phone
perhaps one day you'll follow my Twitter account.
I forgot to put my other earring on this morning 
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
nice spot! “: Many more submissions today than usual! You guys must of dug through Mom's shoeboxes...”
Today's question: which member of has the best hair and why? - we will RT the BEST answer! GO!
Never! RT : oh. Thanks! No pink slime in the ground beef correct?
all warranted. (p.s.just bought Edinburgh. Cannot wait.)
ok we are at the mall right now but will 30 minutes work??
please follow my new account ? #GoTeamFields!!!
Go you! And next time you trim hedges, imagine you're Edward Scissorhands. That makes it more satisfying and fun.
Played Out Tyms
its bcs we are the only cool ones! Can't wait to see u!! Xo
All Pics are HIGH REZ download your favorites.
You throwing any poops or poinsettas today in our free for all?
Trivia tonight at 9:30pm. Play for free drinks and even a cash prize!
My MacBook Pro came back from #Apple with B.O.
lol not that bad pretty good actually
Adele's wings were crack
Thank you, dear!
Actors!!! I need 4 or 5 FIT gym goers for a 3D movie on Wednesday!! Anyone available? Non-actors welcome!! $50/day - message me!!
love to discuss the future of PLE in schools in Japan. Can we skype? Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
"It is our choices.. That show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." -Albus Dumbledore. J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter
who said that?
lol Matt. Next year I will have to take BP in Atlanta
Tornado watch. Everybody be careful driving to icc tonight. :/ I'm uneasy with tornadoes.
Night out w/ my girl Nicole. Drinks up baby! Its a new night.
yeah..cause Evan Turner is Derek Rose haha. They MAY win Game 1, but still that's a stretch. The team gave up on the coach.
Thank you both for coming and being involved with the forum!
it's so ridiculous 😠
At my favorite small business :-) Thanks guys for taking good care of me this morning!
Lucky to find one? What a haul!
I shut myself out from the world so I can draw the blinds and I'll teach myself to fly.
4/20 Please Come Out & Support J9 (Live Unplugged) performance @ Absinthe Lounge 1409 S. Lamar St, Dallas TX.
she's doing auditions in RI too?!? Or Boston?
Interscope Records is now following me ? Awesome
Well see this ? Boom Cyber sex is for losers who can't get sex in real not even the people they pay for . So why even ask me ? STFU OR GTFO!
weaping bright red lipstick is a new fasion passion of mine
I wish I could magically tell if someone was having dirty thoughts about me.
Oh... What section?
As usual, ESPN ignores the and shows no coverage of our 3rd round pick
How are you going to make today the best day ever?
How about Anastasia Myskina? She can get the family-values vote.
hell yea ed I'm mad as fuck in dis bitch!
Good going! Can't wait for the final episode!!
director says the new Poster had a minor spelling error and will be posted soon. 1st look will be here on twitter
had a long day of recording. Hope everyone's having a great night!
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 37
Yeah, 5D2. Very cool that you're getting into DSLR video. Addictive!
#earthquake in manhattan, whoa!
Aww that's bold
TXS. I didn't do much it was kinda like being five again and eating too much cake.
right where anticipation crosses over with certainty. When the phone rings and you're sure it's good news...
Best craft beer in Indy?
Scott Fitzgerald doesn't believe that is organizing force behind recall campaign...that it's her husband & unions
I will try it! What's behind the can?!? :)
RT RT "God helps u walk through the fire without getting burned"
I'll fess up. One good thing about the hubby being gone is free reign on the sappy movies.
So glad is here with me considering we're gonna fail MAT
Constantly on here at your friendly wire service, Bob.
thanks so much Michael! Very glad to hear you're enjoying it.
What's the worst pickup line ever used on you?
hopefully third time is the charm for getting my drivers license
Big thanks to for geeking out with us over Wong Kar-Wai!!
Well. I'll say this. I wouldn't come to Detroit expecting to fit into the community, so much as build the community!
you never texted me? :O
I have a fetish for older women.
Not sleeping blows.
Triple Dog is on at 11 on Lifetime!! Hahaha
I died in a house fire last night
RT : the most loyal follower <3
Thanks much for the follow, Chris! Hope your day is going well.
Its baseball weather. Break out the dip, pine tar, DAVIDs, and all the trash talk you can come up with!! #playball!!
Thank you!!
Random chipotle girl...
Smoking weed
Give me all you got.... Make this worth my time!
Maybe the drinks slowed down the ceremonies...
gotta get that mofo skill cape.
Fulton:tonight's show different from theater RT : Thirty minutes to WFYI airing of documentary film "Naptown Rock Radio Wars."
we're pretty much the most adorable twitter chatter-ers ever.
back to light brown
Sometimes it sucks being female :(
For $15,900, Make Tracks [Nice Price Or Crack Pipe]
what is it with hipsters and brooklyn
Lunch run with to Barrio Star!
What a beautiful baby!!!
The drought is over.
you been drinkin all afternoon? lol
Everyone follow he is less than 10 followers away from 1,000! If he reaches it by tomorrow he will host a party/giveaway!
Will It Recognize Your Face? What you should expect from iPhone 5 is
yeah we're pumped..let me know if you or anyone else needs a wristband
Congratulations to Travel Companions for winning Audience Choice at the New Media Film Festival!
Live chat with during tonight Pens game!
I'm gonna try to have a good day.
We will! Thanks!
Free screenings this week: What to Expect When You're Expecting, Crooked Arrows, Battleship, First Position, That's My Boy, High School.
we will definently work on a CO date forsure!!
are you watching the movie? If not the idea might have not been around enough to make it into the tv shows lol
Katie., Now I Understand How You Feel. Lmfao xD
I know it's a challenge for many. Too bad James' hair is too short for you to practice on him. ;)
#thatawkwardmomemtwhen U recognize a song at an obscure show & think the band might actually be big, then realize you heard it at soundcheck
This is probably the only time I will say this but I wanna get my period right now.
#musiclovers and #localmusicians need a hangout all themselves. What about a site that shows bands/events in your neighborhood
#waystosayyourbreathstinks hey, cup your hands over your mouth and then exhale REALLY big...
Thanks for the "Founding Rivals" shout out. Hopefully you're enjoying it so far.
What's you favorite place to go running in San Antonio Texas?
I got some great Q from over the weekend. They only do dinner though.
I prefer mine in a box. Ha ha.
G.O.A.T = Government Owned Alien Territory... And it's in space.
did i mention if you buy tickets from you get a discount? hit me up for details!
exactly what I said.
:) Speaking of "stink eye", are you jousting Wags today?
Thanks Ken!
sorry I'm not on this 24/7 like you..
better to have Apple and others build massive computer networks that others use, than having every single co. build their own.
hurting a child is bad either way but to do it your own flesh and blood. As a parent makes me ill.
Super happy with how this print turned out. Totally makes me smile when I look at it. Not a bad evening's task.
80-90% of online content around major brands is written by consumers, says of #adtech via
Twitter has taken on a whole new level of strange
Va is the move for you
La Serena.
Really looking forward to another dominating performance from #BCHockey tonight against Ferris State in the NCAA Finals. Go Eagles!!
all yea gotta do is SMILE!
Forget shuffle for a while. An album is a complete thought, and should be heard as such - every track in order.
don't understand unleashing your feelings on athletes. Fans cross the line & it's horrible. At the end of the day it's a game
i got my dress for my birthday dinner ! :)
tony Montana
that is so sweet! Happy birthday to your whole family!!
i wish , , and would follow me:( i love them so much!
Welcome, ! So glad to have you on the team :)
church every Sunday is what gives me the hope & strength to get through each week
'tis the season. totally digging
Forgot to go to the gym yesterday... That's 10 years in a row.
NEW! Use ur library card to learn a language! Click on the "Mango" icon on our website, left side, to try out this interactive program.
I'm attempting to keep my feeling about the Red Sox controlled this season. It's not going well
Keep positive
Making me believe you like me when you really are just playing me?
I would get bounced so quick from Idol haha
Youre the average of the five people you spend the most time with." - Jim Rohn
I have to have confrenses -__- letss see what my teachers have to say about me. ( ;
Margarita Mondayz @ La Mansion ...
Love to hear it.
is the Jack Magnum of BYX
I love IHOP! :)
Thanks for following us! is a huge Boys & Girls Club supporter all across the U.S. and we appreciate you!
I can't wait to see my baby miss him
Happy early bdhay
Heyy it was great meeting u in the city yesterday. I was in the front row.. Thought ur really cute in person:)
Two crazy pool parties & two days of fun in the shop made a perfect four day weekend! Only in the 80's today...Happy Tuesday to all! ~XOXO~
yes, I remember you
I feel so gr8 today. My friend Mel called & asked how I was doing. Its alittle funny becus I have always wondered about me & him...
We have a new server / network ready - vpn-td1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Canterbury, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
My opinion of a person is largely dependent on whether or not he/she does the handgun motion during the song "Paper Planes"
Going to a Q & A, featuring Alfred Molina tonight!
I think you guys might be on to something here...
Justin Verlander's wallet is the one that says "Bad Motherfucker"
I'm over it when I say..."that's what's up"
Enjoy the day with bottomless Mimosas Noon-3pm. Wine tasting all day-4 wines, 2 whites, 2 reds. Celis White & Pale Bock beers on special.
Psalm 97:6 The heavens proclaim his righteousness, and all peoples see his glory.
Half-wanted my plane to crash during my flight over Wisconsin because it looks like a giant, comfy green hug.
Love #DeanStreet Love
I've had zero tolerance for people lately. People think to themselves "someone needs to slap this person." I might be the person to do it.
yeah he's one of them players that are only in to do certain things. The only way he can score is if he right under the basket
Drowning my sadness in iced coffee at a Starbucks on the Portland State campus \m/
thanks for the vote fam :)
PISCES PARTY: ZODIAC at HAVANA tonight!!! 9pm featuring SEAN CEE, DEV from ABOVE and STELLA ROSE for your audio and visual pleasure. PARTY!
#vivo11 started with earthquake, building evacuation during first keynote and conference ending with a hurricane...exciting! ;-)
girll!! That is too freakin cute!! I can't wait to see it!miss you girls!!
What's better than a plumcot? Another plumcot! Thanks for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
The only thing the IT Help Desk does at work is help me become annoyed.
S/o that's a cool dude there
oh, i thought u were interested in RDF, just trying to be helpful, nevermind
now followin back
We hope all of the eco-friendly & upcycled product vendors at will join us for Green Drinks #GSO: 9/21, 5:30-7, Green Bean!
Going to day 2 of bull shit classes :)
Ha! thanks!
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without one. ~Chinese Proverb
Haha I don't think I'd date one...
": Real friends don't get offended when you insult them... they call you something even more offensive! #Truth"
Boise, Idaho baby! I'm so ready for you guys to come here. Effin stoked <3
Antibody industry is a $70 billion industry.. Okay thisll be cool- Lessons from an Entrepreneur: Johnny Stine
Our volunteers are getting food to the hungry & delivering beds to those who are newly housed.
In need of several strong drinks to keep.me from choking a certian significant other!
Praying for Warren & his family
and it's *so* painful. Where's the Cod of Cluefulness when you need it?
#Genealogy Focus Group participants needed in Chi & NYC! Req: advanced genealogists - paying $175! DM me for more info
TY talented people
Bell's Oberon is now on draft!
good!(: how was your birthday? :D
I just learned that my Uncle is in the Hospital, any prayers would be appreciated.
ive really had enough
RT if you love Austins eyes.
Next week starting Monday, 4/16 with RT : when are you announcing artists for summer jam?
QoTD: "Luck sometimes visits a fool, but it never sits down with him." (German Proverb)
Lactose is just one of the many things I don't tolerate.
sorry for the bad experience. please let us know how we can improve. Mytservice.com
Inspiring women, #IWD and everyday? Back at you Ms. Proctor!
it looks like it was. If I would've been asked to prom, I would love it to be like this.
Cool I do at that. thanks
Hi, Sara, Just to say THANKS so much for the Mention! All best to you.
Happy Monday everyone. Have a great week.
those are your fellow cubs fans buddy
Madness on Lime 2012 is tonight!! Starts at 6:30! Live music, free food and cheap drinks...can't beat it! Be there!!
I like the fact one person can make your entire day.
guess that leave you out...
To receive love from family is more precious than a title or fame. It's the essence of life! John 13:34-35
Night twitter ;)
silly girl:* lmfao
Don't think I've ever been so tired..
Good morning, Kevin! :D
So sorry to hear this. What a sweet man!
No school thursday(:
#honestly you did it to yourself so dont blame me
Incredibly kewl when kats can come 2getha 2 support a dope cause. Art @ its purest form hip hop we appreciate every1's presence 2nite 4 Sha.
I just played Ain't That Peculiar by Marvin Gaye on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
Figured it out. You should work on idiot-proofing your site!
School is the last thing on my mind lbvs
Stop in for a slice of the week, or a brownie, or a cookie, or a whole pie, or a mini pie, or a beer, or a salad. You'll love it. I promise
Today I startled my wife by yelling how I can pre-order Guild Wars 2 on April 10th.
Get your credit right before summer !! @ or e mail for more information on how to increase your credit score
wait im subscribed to you for sure now hahah i had some trouble before but its all good now x]
Del Harvey gets it! User-permissioned use of purchase history for personal product recommendations vs. tracking for ads
