S/O to the great She is freaking awesome!!!! Everyone should go follow her!!:)
Back at you Big... ,Juice
we call it nessey
Don't you get a little excited for those all-important Kevin Millwood starts?
Who I've been is important to me & who I'm becoming more so but who I am is merely a passing phase
For what it's worth, I liked you vid :-)
OUTspoken Radio LIVE Tonight !! Only on LATalkRadio.com!!
That works with Cheetos also...
Congrats to TCU for winning the Who Gives a Shit Bowl. #Giveusadamnfootballplayoff!
Hey ! Can you do us a favor? Can you be kind enough to follow ? That's an account of ours. Thank you for your support!ツ
right to talk to about this. So if you ever read this please follow me back so i can DM you so i can talk . tbc
hey are you a porn star???
"What is the #1 Thing You Would Suggest Focusing on to positively impact the most people?"
Saw the cutest childrens cartoon series, "Frannys feet" My granddaughter said "Look Nana there's a movie about you and your feet-ty soaps
I heart Yellow Springs!
hahahahhaha those cinnamon apples they carried around just putting them on your plate were the shit!
Congratulations to LaToya and Marquis Britton. Your wedding was so beautiful...i loved it! We are now safely home!
After several years of leisure, he retired as Augustus at Diocletian's request in 305
Jalapeno Poppers are the best food in the whole world.
Idk. We will see I guess. I'm going in like nothing happened haha
R.I.P. to the thoughts in my head that I want to tweet but use better judgment and don't
kaz's head is shaved!
Finish this sentence Modern medicine must _____________
Why would golden state trade Ellis for an Injury prone center and a headcase who's nowhere near as good as he think he is
Guess What!
Stick with the same weight routine, add HIIT on the stairmaster and cut out most of your carb intake - you'll drop a lot of fat
i wish i could stay sick with you.
...sighs, nothing beats bowling away your retirement at Jillian's.
Mom is watching Psycho in the other room.
thanks for trying. Maybe we'll get to see you at the show.
Made a hit last night
o, ah
word, I will get back to ya. I'm just waiting for the new Mac Pros to come out, so hopefully that will be soon!
You hold on to everything because in reality it not being there is breath taking. You feel like the world has stop .Let go. Things will move
Hey, this is my virgin tweet. Let the communication begin!
*is starting over..*
Ok I got this other beat!! Legit!! Imma rap about my inner circle this time, al my niggas! I ain't no rapper but shiiieeet! Haha 🎤
your welcome
You will cry your eyes all that fun and 10 gives me chills cause its the last game i hope they still make 10 more to 20 omg EPIC
Had to remember I was at work
Cedar Point Time!!!
Air Traffic Controller Suspended For Being Drunk On The Job - AOL Travel News via @ It's a wonder anything gats done these days.
if i met mau i would freak out and probably make a nonhuman screetch-like sound lol (:
hopefully we'll get contests going soon. What do you think would be cool themes? Retro? Game Specific? Atari Culture?
haha I will never know man!
#Ali, Night of the Golden Butterfly. Islam Quintet 5 brings us to today. Key theme for all 5:The story of Islam is all about Islamic history
follow my main boo <3
You were amazing last night! We love you! <3
right now i'm in california =)
Could the Bucs have played the game under protest for that infield fly rule being clearly wrong?
See how businesses embrace #SocialMedia for B2B communication, with at the #REConSocial Media & Tech Pavilion
Its official is gunna have the honor of having me stay in her house(;
#Nf Follow Back
#ChiChat today...and what better than shopping in #Chicago! Join us in 15 minutes to talk about our favorite topic.
trying to plan a small getaway to Puerto Rico for my birthday....low key beach time.....want all inclusive
WHEN U COMING TO C ME BITCH! IN MY ANGRY VOICE! LOL
CASHERS NFL picks for Sunday: Giants PLAY OF THE MONTH +3 Patriots small play -7 Double unit play: 7pt teaser: Giants +10 and Pats EVEN
You don't stop playing because you grow old; you grow old because you stop playing. ~ Unknown
getting obsessed of LMFAO! :D <3
Just did my debate in practical law
#MichiganState Unbelievable. Just wow.
Im glad to see i got yall attention :) I AM ALBUQUERQUE NM... 500BOYZ ENT L.L.C. 2005/2012
congrats on the pitchfork review
I feel the same way.
Stuffing envelopes for Earl Bday party invites. Want to join the party on 12/2 at the Heights Theater? Call 612-926-3878 ext219 for info
thanks for the fast reply to my support request!
I like how people are employed full time for sound reinforcement but they can't make the feedback go away.
Definitely too soon.
Interesting: "Apple's insistence upon moving away from Flash has given a lot of visually impaired users access ..."
Care to lend them to me when you're done? Otherwise I'm going to hit up the good old library this w/e to check them out.
My little Mi-Careme has lasted over a week now. No self-control...
Good thing I have a headlamp! Nerdy survival gear coming in handy :)
that's hilarious because I had a fake dialogue goin on b/w them and the first thing they said to each other was "what's up bro"
It's abuzz up there. The swarm flew off into the sunset, well beyond my circle.
Hey Oliver, what's your game appearance song?
Patio seating will be first come first serve but we can take rez for 6 or more inside if you'd like! See you soon!
And thank you for the follow as well!
make sure you chop the onion & parsley good especially the onion. I had a hard time making the meatballs because of the onion.
Back to #OKC for a couple of days w/
tuning in tonight
shout out to my newest follower
Ugh, I hate when people make "on to" one word when it should be two.
Ah Thank you so much!!! :)) RT : #HappyBirthdayVinceLlaguno welcome dude, great day ahead
Dear Dora, How do you get that t-shirt to fit over your head? Sincerely, Thats physically impossiple
my brother has mass sunday, you're invited. THERE WILL BE WOOL. c;
Spanish for Development Studies - 6wks, June 7- July 21, intensive Spanish immersion program. Gain near-fluency and explore Costa Rica!
What a perfect morning! My favorite time of the day.
: Ben awesome news! Help get ten other people on board and voting Nathan on June 5th.
If anyone has questions for Johan #Galtung, let us know on Twitter and we'll see if we can pass them on!
I'm getting my hips pierced tomorrow. I'm not backing out. :)
Correction on my part: it was a cutter. Just not used to seeing that from Zito
That should jus about cover it.....
(_8(|) Homer Simpson
Cheap tacos! RT : 4pm-6pm TODAY - 4 tacos for $1 with any drink purchase at #ABQ area Taco Bell locations.
Text "DUPUYPERRY" to 22828 to receive the latest commercial real estate news! Cool new feature.
Woman in front of me gave me tissues already. I get this from my mom, I swear.
You watching the #RootsTech keynote? You were totally right about the microdata/schema stuff. Good sleuthing. :-)
ur light in the valley!
Filner says he could spend 2 minutes in every neighborhood, find out what they need, and bring it.
There is a certain degree of professionalism that needs to be re-implemented.
all the ed rhetoric plays well with the crowd, but it's just talk.
and are sissy bitches. We got all the way to Edna Collins haunted bridge and they wanted to turn around.
Does your home have poor air flow?? Most new furnaces have a higher blower speed capacity / options then your typical 20 yr old furnace.
Weird seeing a kid from your HS on tv and your tiny hometown being talked about
Women are beautiful in all shapes and sizes. (I just kid around about certain ppl, who are actually quite lovely :)
So -- best TexMex of #saa09 so far? Best BBQ?
Glad to pass it along! :)
OLLU has a float in the Fiesta Flambeau Parade!
Sitting in on a "Search 101" session at SharePoint Saturday.
gracias. I think I shall since I am off today. And watching the games.
Cried with laughter when I thought something on the floor was a mouldy sunflower, seed turns out it was a bit of bird shit omg
sounds like the XFL.
Omg, you guys. Today's the day to buy discount chocolate!
It funny when someone think of themself and know alot of thing which they don't lol
bubble baths are the best
Sure did. Such a great, informative one, too! Lots of great insights
I will try to meet new people, if that doesn't work, I'll move!
Unable to sleep..again
UM YES!
I wouldn't complain
Tira and Lanna Take over Utah: Boston Cream Cupcake = Heaven
hell ya im a g lik tht step to me i thought so
Tres cool! You rock!
Flatbed scanner = angry face. KIC scanner = ZOMG face. Love that machine.
that makes sense. I may or may not have seen you by the main door!
yup! Haven't gone in like 4 years 1 day for every year missed I guess
Last practice day of the week before heading to North Ark! Smells like playoffs
Thanks so much for coming in tonight-- hope you enjoyed your concert in Baltimore!
Have fun tonight! RT Tonight I play at acoustic moose cafe at 8pm! Lincoln ave in Bellevue. See ya there.
The game.
I want to go home 😔 I feel unappreciated and unwanted here
is LIVE on in the #CHI - GREAT day to get scared! 4-Pack-Tix to area Haunted Houses on the show! Listen. Win....
"When you know the notes to sing...You can sing most anything! -The Sound of Music
Looking for corset designers wanting to collaborate on some upcoming publications.
lets hope no one saw that clip
bye:) Sweet Dreams
Blood, Sweat, and Beers. F•ck em up Sandman, F•ck em up clap clap
I never thought I would be this happy to see my taxes go up!
thats just grosssse way of thinking ;O
Brick Paving provides quality landscape and hardscape design for Indianapolis, IN and the surrounding areas
i didn't mean to tweet you, sorry. only is invited.
loves when she recognizes fonts on signs, menus, and ads. ;)
coyote ugly in memephis... really?
If didnt know any better, I would think & were higher than a kite. #smh #TooMuchEnergy 😳😃
Ahhhw. Why not? /:
I'm sure we would have a challenge in winning hearts & minds *being diplomatic*
Noticed that all the POTUS's have been to the Triad a lot over the past 10 yrs-wonder why-doomsday bunker here???
House is clean and it's time for the future in-laws to come meet my parents. Hopefully, everything goes well and no one gets shanked.
#kickstarts by #example Listen to it
oh! Darn! How bout some beef jerky? Haha! Jk!
7 days left for you :P
Support local music!
My bad, Gale was still dead.
RT : Surgery can't be good :( Hope you recover quickly!... Thanx! Rotator cuff 3 inch+ tear, 4 metal bolts, etc. It was knarly!
OMG I AM SO EXITED . COMES TO ESTONIA !!!!! I SEE THEM SOON" YAYY GONNA HAVE A PIC,AUTOGRAM!! SO HAPPY:)
Enjoyable life
that's good. My weekend was busy as usual.
Welcome back
Have you thought about Niagara Falls? We went for 6 or 7 days, Amtrak, did every single water tour and had a blast.
Wow. Vacation should be called work
100th follower gets a prize! Who will it be?! The suspense is killing me....
and are all brainstrorming!! I expect a lot of great ideas here!
Just got back from watching the screening of Detention! Such a bizarre but awesome movie... Everyone should go check it out!
My mother is reading me every article off the internet as she reads it. Send help now. Help!
#10 is a good one: getting educated is crucial to managing #risk. No better way to approach than to use every resource.
Yikes! I hope not an adult person!
How tall are you? (:
Experis offers more access to critical talent and leading-edge solutions.
How cute! Thanks for the link. I'll check out the other videos in that channel.
STUCK IN DENMARK! There are worse things that could happen... but seriously having some flight issues. I'm sorry, Switzerland. See you soon?
Trash boat.
God Saw Me As I Was Nd He Still Keeps Me!!! 
I need a sign like that says "No rules, EXCEPT write!"
If you're quoting a movie, and you quote the actor who said the line, isn't that the opposite of a quote?
I need some drank in this cup...
what are your thoughts on occupy wall street?
Robin S is rocking the stage live ! Happy 3 year anniversary Closet Sundays!
hope you don't feel another earthquake there.
guy on the radio said the Sixers don't belong & they have no chance to beat the Celtics. They lost by a point in gm1 win gm2
Join us tonight for trivia with DJ Joanie B. Play to win free drinks and even a cash prize
Shoutouts to the woman wearing a bikini in Duboce Park.
most def! i hope those dudes stay grounded cause they're going places...btw you're in good shape with the contest
DUDE THAT POWERPOINT PRESENTATION FUCKIN ROCKS
Need help? Ask! Kyt :j
Season 2 is only a few days away! Official annoucement coming shortly.
Thx for the mention the RT and welcome new followers!
Thank you! Were you able to check out any shows? If so, which ones?
#Beitzel is a FREAK! Come on #UNCBears, hold on now, time to go DANCIN!
I plan to attend convention.
March madness might as well be a holiday for America
Same<3 i hope we last a long time. even if im in highschool and u in 8th, we can make it work<3 my bus 994 my locker is 145
You are so welcome, Brother!
Pumped for tomorrow.
We need to elect a Conservative congress even if we do not get a conservative President this time.
My panties are so wet right now. Granted they are in the washing machine, but still.
where are my mates???
Who's out running around Houston showing houses? This guy!! Real estate is HOT here folks!
Strasmas is early this year. Play ball!
that's where we can do it. Close your your eyes feel our way thru it. I can't wait to groove ya
Thanks for your patience over the weekend. Tomorrow we'll assist you with support issues as we did today!
good deal. Not unusual its tough to move from one home to another
RT Easy 2 get stuck N religious habits -go 2 church, toss few bucks N plate, randomly browse Bible. Jesus has other plans.
haha. the advantage of a wacky job i guess.
Real estate exam is on Thurs. I have alot of studying to do today. If i pass I can park my license at Jay A. Goldstein Law Office.
If it was possible, I'd probably be late to my own funeral.
Love It. Its soo good Common!
yeah I am!
The only country that doesn't recognize English as the official language of the USA...is the USA. EMBARRASSING!
Earthscience-2012 is an exciting opportunity to showcase the new technology, the new products of your company, and/or the service your indu…
Although Little Caesar's bathroom is pretty gross, at-work dooks are the best because I'm getting paid to poo. 😝
Marcum says need to start digitizing ourselves (w/o promise of Google). Yes, and if that means shifting resources, so be it.
keep going... You'll be in Chi by morning. ;)
Greenwood native needs few more backers for cross-Europe/Asia cycling trip; Int'l Supper Club documents food with locals....
awesome! :) I am so overdue right now, have been so busy! maybe easter/passover weekend when I go home :)
im following her already
New Mexico Movies!
Thank you thank you!
Tune in at 10am today to Wfla970 to the Duncan Duo Radio Show where Aaron Davis from Hillsborough Title will be one of today's guest
Rebound control is so much easier with a puck than with a ball.
Spring break was awesome :)
worst advice giver....
you need to twitpic that thang lol
It really is :)
thanks for all the new followers lol can't wait to announce the surprise we have for
why wasn't I invited? We go way back!
BORED. someone talk to me. (:
lol -_- « Why does everybody talk to there car or name it?»
Feels weird to be 19 now. Oddly enough, I wanna get my life going. Step one. Get I.D. an such, step two, job, step three, new place. :D
In the lab w/
Working on new proposals for the April 1st Pepsi Refresh! Stay tuned peeps, and keep the faith- I am!
Going on live with funny lady riight here on radiokolamerica.com
people DO change but not always for better
Days like today confirm the fact that I will never leave SoCal - This is my 'hood baby!
I utilize tweets 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
Can't get Heartbeat by The Fray out of my head..such an inspirational band.
do u have the link to brits awards
I have 2 audible credits burning a hole in my pocket. Anyone have suggestions for good commute-escaping audiobooks?
a big hommie why it hard to play wit u on 2k12
NO Thank YOU.... lol love that there's so many Hooligans on Twitter :)
haven't tweeted in a long while. so here ya go! I tweeted! :)
Good Morning! Group Reformer and PULSE Barre are coming up at 8:30! Join us to stretch, strengthen and feel great!
Hair Washing + Humidity = Muppet
Can the media please collectively get out of my face about Super Bowl commercials? #Idon'tgiveaflyingfuck
Enjoy ELLEN SNORTLAND: Fritz Coleman's "What A Week" - Happy Birthday NOW (1990): via
When is last time you lucked out, the check out girl walked over and said "I can help you at this counter" and you went to front of the line
:( not going to VidCon.
I kinda like "google juice". Let's get it going and then mock it later. Haha
Dropping some Cary Carson consumer revolution references on these homeschool kids!
#classicblackmovie Menace to Society
at best, a playoff
Ready to be out of school so I won't need a job because I will be pursuing my career...
Can we talk about how my cousin is UNSTOPPABLE?!
“: I love your stories.” < THANKS!!
I know some fans are still skeptical because of a few rough early outings, but this #Brewers bullpen will be as good as any in the league.
hah I can only think of those food commercials on Disney channel through different countries
. doesn't know how to use Tumblr. LOL. It's called teaching yourself bro.
Brandy's new music is disappointing...2nd2none
You amaze! Love it! And thanks for the reasons to recall Kleefisch. Ready for my next front door question.
Looking forward to the Dripping Springs Founders Day festivities this weekend. Parade tonight at 6:30. See you there.
goal is to have our LMS support Presio authored content as well as content created in any other authoring tool (Articulate, Captivate, etc)
Judy Hale is providing info on professional credentials, certifications, & more. Wed eve in Denver. www.ispi-frc.org
How about an article on the best way to use iPhoto for iOS with your desktop iPhoto… syncing is a nightmare.
oh gosh i need more followers... :P
I need to get out of the house
will do!!
27 M ppl are living with #AIDS. Treatment now just $500 a year thanks to AIDS activists. Please support to
Phrases that should be used more often : "I'll tickle your catastrophe"
would be best if we could get it before break, but can address after if needed.
Looking forward to it!
Lmao(x what does it mean in spanish : Wtf is ORA??😳
Whatevs friends come and then they go ~
But now I'm going to bed... So, goodnight ✌💤
There was a line at the mailbox today, people mailing red netflix envelopes.
shit im grown.
taking shots
Actually 4 bracelets from Stella and Dot.
#goodcauseRT : We're up to 15 cents. Why just a penny? Cause we need hundreds of followers, and that adds up to big money!
Ah shit just got real!!! :)
Hey guys. How've you been?
Life is sometimes like a UFC fight. You can be on top even when it seems you're at the bottom or vice versa
Pete #Townshend "Tough Boys" playing at #hawks #sharks game?
I'm with the
Thank you dear. Same to you!
Ah, the dry desert heat of Arizona!
. is the new Nick Fury.
Maybe he's an assassin?
nfl network. its a marathon, two more episodes as well.
douche bag :)
The is finally here! What do you think?! I know we love it!
Retailers should be encouraged to cross promote too. Tweet their followers "drop us a review on Yelp" etc...
Just left the office. Busy day!
ok ok ima stop :-P
agree with Yvette Carnell's response to Russell Simmons request for no "race war" re: #trayvon. No call to war...only justice.
any reactions to Kissins upcoming tour?
Now batting for the Nationals, #34 Bryce Harper.
one of my favorite parts of art is the names of the artwork, it can really make or break to piece
I feel you on the tired. Your kids were flawless this weekend!
where's the rtc's at
Biting grass shoots: Dog in icy puddle Tasting Spring.
start off with listening to the wdw fanboys uncensored episode about the book "the dark side of Disney"
Oh okay that's good. I'm not sad either (: Is friendship youth doing anything that's not on Wednesday or sunday any time soon?
hoping los suns win tonight so we can get tickets to the spurs season finale/playoff preview tomorrow
Look at the stats and combine them.Clippers have outscored the lakers with points/rebounds. etc. we have a better bench lol
Congratulations on the new office!
Walking by someone u don't like and holing your breath sonyou don't breath there air #IveDoneThat lol I'm terrible
when will you be back to Charlotte,NC...?
Weston wrote this poem about me and it says "I've actually never seen her run" and everyone who reads it always goes "I haven't either..."
Believe in smart govt and it blows my mind the billions spent and exported for dirty fuel
I #love winning almost as much as I #hate losing.
Ehhh so much for warped tour... Praying for an even better line up next year!!
I'm feeling lucky today. Just wanted to share that. Make a choice to have a great weekend.
He who has learned how to obey will know how to command
Come see Lagond Songwriter Sessions featuring and our other talented students!!
Finally I have service
Is watching an idiot pour gasoline on a fire.
MAC MILLER <33
Thank you, Carlos! I am grateful to you for believing in this music and helping get it out!
RT : When folks need me, I'm always around. When I need them... crickets. ◄ Say it Again Jacqui!!!!
thanks, frank. good catching up the other night!
Countin on some complimentary LimeHeadBands from ...they'll totally compliment our new thick frame glasswear soon 2B unveiled
are you in SF?
What a beautiful day!
dannngg, we will have to catch up when you come back
-- because World Wildlife Fund has WWF trademarked. Vince didn't want to fight them for the name.
Cheers! Break a leg on your next gig.
Damn slippery you horny babe
#ifyoureallylikedme you would try harder
:-)congrats on the baby!!
Yknow someday Hoda is gonna snap and bitchslap KathieLee across the neck with a broken wine glass. I can't wait!!
"Soul Man" was written by Isaac Hayes and David Porter. Steve Cropper played on both the original Sam & Dave recording, and the Blues Brothe
So its common for that iceberg to melt?
Interesting how we now know the names of Sergeant Bales' wife and children but how many know the names of the 16 Afghans killed.
#bcwo 3 mile run, in 33 minutes 😄 M1: slim down pancake with coffee (almond milk & stevia) & my meta-d
uhh yeah gurl I know! Thank God my mom is working from home today. She's going back with me and Bitching at them! Lololol!
I leave for SLC Thursday. So either before or Sunday when I am back?
Shy persons have the Biggest Heart in the world.
I'm glad you agree ;P
Did you remember to join the Facebook book chat last night?
Thank you, Steve Jobs, for tracking Bin Laden when no one else could.
The Bearded Tourist begins with the best ruined castles in Scotland. Stay tuned for the Top Ten American Presidential Homes....
It's rainin
Should I be nervous about my Flyers?
It apparently took engineers three hours to install
Omg it's actually weir being home .. Can someone come over to entertain me loll
They get the home game if Buffalo wins tomorrow!
im just another product of my mothers pride
thanks hooe :D
#Denver we just signed up a couple more musicians for the #ShineYourDivine Children of Light #Event in June! Tomorrow we can talk :)
First Day of Training
Don't come back
Snowy...snowy. ABQ's losing its shiz
OMG My paper is due today and I still haven't finished my last paragraph!!!! The worst part is IT'S IN MY LOCKER!!!! :(
Why did he have to choose a college so far away tho? Just why? 
Overlimped AK with a 2.5M stack in the 120k bb, was pretty sure she was gonna rip w/any two but she had 66, i turned a K
heard some EXCITING news bridget!! :D :D HAPPINESS!!!
Finally after 4 grocery stores I found one that was NOT sold out of corned beef!
G'morning have a beautiful day.
I'm tired of studying.
: Noo.. he's coming here!! Ill call you after school and tell you all about it. :)
Fatty Mc fat fats at the pool today -___-
Thanks to Bioware for a Great Meet & Greet last night at the Hyatt in Seattle WA. The Q&A for the SWTOR was fantastic! Met a lot of peeps.
the idea is ALMOST as stupid as Klout. But, I guess most social media "experts" are kids whose asses we kicked growing up.
Hope James Hardin is ok. I remember when I hit by Marc Gasol the same way. I was spitting up blood and a headache.
being a machine today, because I have to be to conquer the long to do list.. making progress
u must be tipsy brah RT “: Yo j kwon is looking for beats for his new highly anticipated mixtape. send me your info ASAP”
Lee Strobel's "The Case For Christ" and James Baldwin's "Just Above My Head" ....Thought provoking page turners
Company need a recharge? Energy or relaxation... We go to your office/home/event with professional Reflexology. They love it!
": Bait....larryanna" Bake....Larryanna :) did u like it?
Tonight is College Night! Don't forget your college ID's, so you can get your free chicken sandwich (:
Thank you, Hilary of Lady A, for thanking RADIO in your "Song of The Year" Grammy. Means a lot to us in the industry.
Wow follower 96000 feel honored still knowing you will be at 2000000 by end of week:-)
Overheard a guy on the bus boasting of how he bought "Lay Mizz" tix and my inner Condescending Wonka thought, "oh, you must be so cultured."
RT : Wonder how much rewrite obama indoctrination speech 2 kids underwent be4 they posted today because of fuss we kicked up
Rice buckets >
220 shouldn't be too bad... good luck this week with all of them!
Still here. Just quiet. How are you?
#beardown lets go bears!
thanks. would love to read your piece if you'd like to send it along.
I predicted an 11-10 Pens win on Monday's STL. I thought I was kidding. Turns out I was half kidding.
Do it!! It's easy & you'll feel good!! RT : Debating doing PETA's 30 day vegan challenge...
#ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam if a woman says she's Muslim n wears her hijab only when she prays it doesn't mean she follows Islam
So happy for you two!
just finished watching & on #bethennyeverafter I <3 them both Outspoken, Real & Smart!
Is it pathetic for me to say that a thing of silly putty is like ... the only thing calming me down anymore?
Remember when Noonan was Reagan's speech writer she was afraid of Nancy. Would hide when she heard her coming down the hall :)
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Bibb & Chilton Counties until 07:15 PM
I stepped into the oven that is my car
That's fuckin' hilarious.
30 Hours and counting until the 3rd Annual "Evening With Route 66 & Friends" Our GOAL THIS YEAR IS 10,000.00! We can DO IT!
Dreams are the touchstones of our character. ~ Henry David Thoreau
Whenever I get a sweet text from you, my stomach fills with butterflies. I know it's not supposed to, but does it? Yes.
Rainy day in Portland. Going to find some delicious coffee.
the caribou burger and beer were fringe benefits of the odyssey. Very welcome fringe benefits.
Jean Pierre Claris De Florian~ Pleasure of love lasts but a moment Pain of love lasts a lifetime.
Hello, Georgia.
doing work man! hardwork pays off!
yes! Love this!
my brother loves u and is ur biggest fan and would love if u followed him back
LOVE the site!! I remember it like this when I was prefrosh. Love, .rochester.edu ;)
Yoenis Cespedes strained a muscle in back of his hand? I was under impression there ARE no muscles in hand, just tendons linked to forearm
The ending of "Shakespeare in Love" has been on my mind a lot lately...so heartbreakingly beautiful! But mostly just heartbreaking.
post pics I love it there :)
I wish there was a way the Pacers could land Rondo... they could use a 10 10 and 20 night from their point guard.
will be buying a Lucroy shirzey when the Team Store has them in my size
haha im watching a Leonardo Dicaprio biography.... :)))
kanye just wrote a book via 529,492 tweets. put kerouac to shame.
Have you checked out Stained Glass Hearts? If you haven't then you should! Beautiful, unique, hand-crafted designs...more from them in 2011
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS >
oops! i was mixing it up with "this land is my land"
- Need to keep up wid dis twitter - ive been slacckinnn ! ; - Need more followers !.
At the Cloud Security Alliance Innovation conference today
Merry Christmas back at ya! Happy Holidays!
Thanks!! Happy Holidays 2 u and every1 RT RT Yea mann we got ya!!! Happy Holidays to you and yours
John McDonough H.S.Marching Band-New Orleans,La And Wossman H. S. Marching Band-Monroe,La Selected To Lead The MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston.
Thank The LORD GOD for my Moms Yo. She taught me about
When Christie does find his dick, NJ Republicans are gonna be in a lot of trouble.
I'm sad I didn't get 1st class this time around, u know group A
My iPod works now!!(: Yay! Thanks to Courtlyn!
Too much biblical nonsense in my TL....music time!
under construction. Kelli is at pool. Not locked in.
That's expected. Same way most everywhere else in America. That's why I need to move to Canada.
Aisha nicole blanks "she own imma get that tatted on my dick.
the time we shared it was precious to me, all the while i was dreaming of revelry
Did the girls win?
Ah fresh powder on the slopes... fun time
Shotout right back atcha ;) Adn don't forget to #Dash-It!
It's good to know me nd my niggas are doing good with ourselves nd doing what it takes to be successful in life
It's a gorgeous night out. Perfect night for for some Sancerre and Sashimi!
tha carter I >>>
Opening Day is tomorrow for the Padres! Come by the Industry Showroom and check out the new consuul stuff on your way to Petco Park
Need to find some good pictures of Snowball for tomorrow. I can't find any that I really like and that are clear enough for an artist.
wild wild west - will smith
Someone just asked me what makes you so nice and my response was I'm nice
Im following you now lol :)
Gotta pee but I got morning wood.....
Hi! Do you have any kind of icon? I don't care who its of.
After this session I'm left to wonder if blogs can be considered "technologies of democracy?"
thank you very much. Are you in Vancouver BC?
Ouch!! Do you think Lamichael James will play against ASU next weekend?
Men's testosterones levels rise by 45.7% after 7 days of not ejaculating! Details As a last resort, some people get POOP transplants!
jared leto? omg, never!
Which wolf inside of you will you feed? ;)
Did you just see me on the ABC pre-game special!? How'd my hair look?
actually had all 200+ snow plows out, plus 70 garbage trucks with plows attached to them out during the storm...
It's so funny to encounter a regular art person who has heard of Alfred.
Working w/ The Austin BodyWorker Clinical Massage Therapy at Texas Running Company Wednesday night.
Nope. Not required. Works like a CMS if you want to add events, news, and services. But RSS is a handy option.
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
I knowww lol that sucks. What did you talk about
He's not ashamed of you...
“: You know when that girl you thought you'd marry dumped you? That plus getting kicked in the nuts is what this is. Fml.”
Did you know the more StumbleUpon friends you have, the more your vote counts? Come follow me on StumbleUpon and I'll return the fav!
After that hard workout today with weights . I just feel so tired.
we really do
RT - New England Patriots V.S. AnyTeam in the NFL is gonna be a W fror the
The Boom Bap party is on tonight ! Come out and try some 619!
Name the song on expert difficulty with hyperspeed on, and watch me go
Thank you!
The 3 C’s of life: choices, chances, and changes
But fuck y'all fuck all y'all
babes what do you think ? lmaooo
Argh. Fanmix projects are in no way, shape, or form my job hunt
Haha! The beautiful smell in samaras closet
love finding out that manager for the mashup group 5 & A Dime is a phi psi
i can't wait for all my senior friends going to OSU to meet each other.... i'll get invited to all their BFF parties 👌
no no Walmart that's bad mojo the spirits shouldn't be disturbed a tornado will destroy that store
Aint no way around it...
He, or she, who finds the winning patterns, & paradigms, shall be successful upon consistent, contextual application!
Ron Paul is doing great. Nice to hear his message again - it's refreshing once again.
Heyy!! :) I Love You More!! xoxo
Good morning though
Samsies. RT : Getting excited emails from fans when they receive prizes they've won is one of my fav things about my job. :D
Are there any free retopology programs?
thrilled to be chosen as one of BizBash Magazine's "Most Innovative People in Events" featured in their spring issue!
On some productive days I like it to be quiet. Most productive days are filled with noise.
All of the characters on "Girls" drive me up the wall. And I'm only 10 minutes in. I hate them. I hate them.
sadly he is :(
The clouds look amazing
Missed your tweet over the wknd. News never sleeps. Ads? Ads sleep. Asking about list of sites in network? Current
Reading Colossians 3 today...God's Word is a mirror, it is reflective of who you really are.
It's pretty good, I just wish they had more training time to spend with you. Other than that there's no complaints...
9 people at softball!
I'm happy to see #EndBullying trending b/c it spreads awareness but I wish there was no such evil as bullying. </3
Take me with you. I need a dose of Tokyo!
RGIII and Andrew Luck as co-hosts
might go get the outline of my tattoo tomorrow if you wanna go
Did you know that dentists are said to have a higher degree of interpersonal skills? Is your dentist also very friendly?
awh that's so cute!:) would you please follow me?:)
water. Deer Park water. Dope.
Nothing says Thanksgiving like watching #thesongremainsthesame with Dad. Thanks Palladia.
whats his cousins twitter?
listen to 88nine radio milwaukee promote the women build
Lion Nathan USA Changes Name to Distinguished Vineyards, Posts Record #Wine Sales in 2011. Source: DV
Our pleasure - we're excited and looking forward to it! Thanks for doing it in the first place. You too - enjoy the holiday!!
thanks for sharing one of insights!
Organ donation. So fun. #CE x
Fort Adams, Hooker was "One of the handsomest men the Army produced." GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
#TakeYourPick Heat Or Pacers?
Cops are stupid
WHEN DO YALL SHOW AIR I KNOW THIS MONTH BUT WHEN
Janet Groeber talking abt history of Rawson Woods sub where Frank Lloyd Wright house was built & she's talking genealogy too
Ouuouu Can I come even though we live hours away from eachother !! lol
I am a virgin
and sheeeees back “: Wanna get #shredded?? Than go to WASHINGTONGYM !!!!!!!!!!!”
I'd hit it.
Arne Duncan says (virtually) we need a nation of powered-up teachers and colleges of ed that give them online teaching experience.
No more going thru the motions
You are right about #headscold! I had no idea it would be this cold!
Monday is for Marketing!
please follow me <3 I love youu.
and I had a ball talking about JY on the DL :) hahaha
you have to follow me first
#happyfriday it's #beerthirty chirp alert!
I miss me some LUDA.....bumpin how low right now!!
what the hell! im i chopped liver now?
OMG I'm dying.. Of course.. BlackBoard isn't loading it... GRRRRRRRRRR :-/
my back hurts like if i got fucked hard last night what even-
Happy Friday! It would be great to work on a story with you about SF based Let us know if you are interested!
It's over
Okay I don't even know my number lmfao re type? CALL ME MAYBE? 813-390-7966
So practical. RT yes, if insured. MT Main Street managers-offering free beer is a fantastic idea
hello everyone
what's that
ur tweets is funny & crazy ass hell.
And *I* will be in NY for a few days next month! July 7-10. You gonna be in town?
More is less! Buy one get one free Big Mac Sandwiches, Quarter Pounder with Cheese Sandwiches and Egg McMuffins!
"Over 99% first time match rate accuracy on #B2B transactions" - Alcoa's #CPO on and Alcoa partnership at
Tune in tomorrow morning to as the #sfpcAWEAR fashion show is featured! See & more!
ikr!!! U should see the looks people give when they see a child act out. They want to see the reaction of the parent so
Is anyone else having issues with following people via ?
You're cute :)
I think it's time I go back into my hiding place again!
My teeth feel extra sharp tonight.
Good thing I still have my Sony walkman so that I can listen to the radio without the Internet while I'm running around
: "U need data that indicates org health. Its about how people .do work. U need 2 find out what data is most important
Dear Un follower, Your irrelevant. K. Bye.
oops Collins twitter is hooked up to my phone! That last tweet was me!
I hurt it off a rebound so what now homie
Saruhkinz was here.
You ever see people singing in their car and just know it sounds worse than anything? Like first 3 pre-Hollywood rounds of Idol worse?
Busy day opening day #gocubs then gotta register for classes
holy shit he sounds good.
It's downtown
I had two teachers echo that, when I confessed to them that I hadn't been coding since before puberty.
Yo Zak I'm going to Vegas for my first time ever in October. Other than gambling, what should I do first?
Our summer program has begun and we are very happy to have over 40 students in attendance!
THIS!!! x1000!!!! Tons of Lois from her best writer please!!! RT I hope your second episode has a lot of Lois!
contrarians are contrarian; academics are academic; if it quacks like a duck....
so true!!
nice video, thanks for sharing :)
Hey hey now, you can have a life but I can't? Hahah
Lead curator of old world archeology: exhibit about eternal life in ancient Egypt, not death.
is back online, and Blogs@ Baruch with it... sorry for the downtime.
looking forward to your posts!
Watching the fight wish ny baby was here
New icon. I like it.
guys seriusly spec ops the line is a master piecee, i played the demo yesterday and i was so surprised, i will definitily get it :D
Delighted to learn of the existence of a typesetter!
Thanks! Its such a treat to have any Asian food w/ H allergic to soy. And w/ DH having celiac. They were great!
Ralph Lauren's original name is Ralph Lifshitz.
you should verify my account, for my birthday!
my boi friend does the most .... lol
lol ok I cause I do that all the time
wow!!! Steve !! keep up the great work! I'll never forget your help starting/running Boston Guitar Fest in 2006 and after!
I wish I had more friends at BD so that I wouldn't feel so lonely all the time.
No problem(; ♥
you should follow your best friends mic :)
going home, need prayer again, my legs are acting weird! im crying cuz im afraid of wats wrong, they keep going out!!
i found out i could bench press 105 lbs
Um. Windows. Hell!
Congrats on the reviews. I'm gonna have to read this book.
You're right, it is a little weird. I don't care for the new correlations search.
Baby you light up my world like no body else
Hm... : company brand is the core story; personal brands are the EE stories surrounding it that validate the co.
What covers would you like us to play?!?!?
3,500th tweet goes to for always being there for me no matter what & always knowing how to keep a smile on my face. (:
Candidates flock to social media: "We have a social media plan in action to touch the voters in ways that ..
I love having a big sister now.... a plus in my marriage :)
Aye who this Nigga in ya face
At one point did Kenny Albert say that the Devils have never had a 3-1 lead in a series ever in history?
lmao how did I know you were gonna say that!
hi there hsiao ching!
I walk alone
Wow. Ride forgot me. Cell phone dead. Walking home 3+ miles from train station at midnight.
haven't touched a weight in a week, got me feelin weak lol gotta get back on my grind! that gym is callin my name
So I take it you were never able to fall back asleep this morning then? & Ikr! The iPod is the best invention to stay awake.
should be a top grosser (outer)
Egypt's illegitimate Vice President talks to Egytians as if he is talking to his children. What a shame!
where's is that at....
I can do Wed too. Anytime before 3pm!
It gets on my nerves to bank my danas on the curb
i am! i havent talked to you in forever! i just wanted to say hi!
Let's make a little deal today...anywhere you go where you have the option between stairs and the elevator...take the stairs!
Cocks have penis :p
NEWS: Irananian navy deploying "powerful warships" near US coast. In other news, armored paddle boats were just spotted passing Bermuda.
man just enjoying my Monday morning listening to the show. Hope everyone's having a good morning over there
Alex from Poli Sci is the winner of the Apple iPad. Thank you Alex, and everyone who participated in this year’s library services survey!
New Law: The American mind your business act. - If it happens in your house, it's your business.
Mission completed :D
Big hopes for 2011!!
I want the Dan Miles App
Thanks for the follow!
Time to thank god for another day
TONIGHT: and myself will be hosting PARTY UNLIMITED at Musical guests include &
Have you been to the PPL's City of Readers store? It's open from Tues-Fri in Meeting Room 1, 11am-3pm and jammed with great used books!
All I want is out of here.
will u be apart!!? Lol that would be so awesome! I just wanna bust out and groove in the aisle of a store or on the street ...
w/ civics testing this week, we have time for capstone projects including an HTML/CSS/JS camp, a Minecraft circuitry camp (stdnt-taught)...
I remember back in middle school, and even the beginning of last year when i actually had friends.
“: katman prefers the fitted yoga pants.” hahaha
Looking for a #BuffaloWildWings for the PSU/Iowa matchup
imean like, if u think im cute or w.e then keep in touch wid me, and IF u wanna be wid a boy again, lemme noe
Chimpflix from Casey Rosengren W'13 helps movie theaters fill their seats and make more money
Thank you so much for the fabulous RT!
Snowing again!! Beautiful to watch . sipping a hot cup of organogold green tea.It makes me sleep very well. Have some !!
okay next time just hmu
I don't even.....I don't know what to do!!
im so bored...thinkin of him...-__^
I hate spending time with my family... So I hit up twitter.
What a rainy day
I Got a Good Question??? Who's Going 2be Better on Madden13, Eli#10 or Peyton#18 ???
So whats up guys? :) ~Diamond
Did you make it home safely? "No, I died 500 times.
RT : Everybody follow :-)
I am so gonna fail the science eoct. I haven't learned anything.
That's a wrap!
Got that fresh fade
Money is what the world revolves around !
Done mowing time to chop up some branches.
"Those are the stars that are nearest to me. Tra-la-la and fiddle dee dee."- Sheldon
Almost XMAS Break time!!
RT : Holy shit that is awesome!!!!!
Probably. RT : Do they require you to dress like a moron to enter Coachella?
Wise words!
One of my students used Kim Kardashian as the visual aid in defining the word insipid. That's all kinds of awesome.
oh yea :p
Chocolate Cheerios?!? WHAT???
Excited to watch and and on #milliondollarlisting tonight! = #milliondollaragent :)
Hahhha Everyone hates you Steph your horrible!
What do you do with a drunken sailor anyway?
thats what i say!
wassup lil lady, i see you got alot of folks pissin you today
tonight I go pink martini. you go? me surprise tom L.
The bad first inning is really bringing back memories of Buehrle
RT : “Against the backdrop of the worst economic environment in 50 years, we grew organic sales 2%.” Jon Moeller, P&G's CFO
More people are showing up at #occupyaustin and they even brought some rain!!! People are signing up on the council agenda. I'm happy!
WE ARE OPEN TOMORROW 12-5pm
If I could explain it, I wouldn't have to paint it. - Pablo Picasso
Thank you! ;)
My friend did eat the brownies last night
Wilson pump-faked and had Draymond Green trapped mid-air as Wilson stepped forward to knock that one down.
STRUMMERVILLE BEST ONE YET HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOE STRUMMER R.I.P
lost another follower damn ppl quit leaving me
ikr she sound sick...
Oh, Jon Stewart... <3
Oh, no, who do I root for?
Waste of time... Stuck at car shop for second time in a week!!! Gotta busy day!
Met at #networkuncommons - good discussion about Emerging Leaders program ;)
Don't feel like going to school
Adam Lambert's music takes to a whole new place when I'm down.. If only my escape would last much longer...
oh wow this sounds perfect! What a life-saver. Thanks for the advice, a trip to this spa is in my future for sure
Where in the world is Osama Bin Laden? He's not.
Just don't have sex or you will get pregnant and die.
don't you have to rent it? #$$$
Yay! Thanks for stopping in!
Man, I get shit from everybody!
We know you'll rock it!
Gallas having a terrible game
crew Dj Grimm Bringing the Heat to Espy Awards after party!!!
Effin' Josh Hamilton.
omg i saw you today walking down the street like a badass
Daytona 500 is on at the same time as the NBA All-Star game. Welcome to the most segregated day in television history.
So my new fav. Would be amazing if you would have the opportunity to work with her one day! I love her SHOW!!!
Who gnu? #Follow these good people!
I hate how I always think someone would actually think I'm pretty.
Crises refines life. In them you discover what you are...Allan Chalmers
I've never seen them put on a bad show, ever.
Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family
Dude..Go to the doctor asap!!!! It could be something else, but just in case, go!
unfortunately this trip is not a vacation. I'm helping my man pack up to move to LA this weekend. But I'll let you know.
ugh idk how to work this :/ i feel dumb....
oh okay (;
this hologram bizness = fake deaths or framings. Not a good look.
Check out my most recent mixtape "The Beginning of the End" goo.gl/G01At
True. We forget teenhood is temporary. We don't have to forget those years, just put them in the past where they belong.
Is it weird that I like orange flavored things (chocolate, rice etc) but hate oranges and orange juice?
I'm gonna be incredibly sleepy at church in the a.m
😞you'll be missed
Those are 2 musicals. RT : The only good bway musical ever is A FUNNY THING HAPPENED ON THE WAY TO THE FORUM and KISS ME KATE.
Sold out! Thanks for the wonderful support, have a great rest of the weekend see you Monday.
Reminder: be careful with social media. Don't be afraid to ask questions. You never know the background of strangers. #Live without fear!
Today was a GOOD DAY!!!
yeah im Fine heading to the beach!!
Ah, so the city isn't under attack! RT : Fighter jets are buzzing past the office windows. Gotta love Thunder Over Louisville!
my greens are done and chicken is marinating in the fridge. Now where's my black eye peas?
I hope everyone has a Zippity Do Da Day!...*even though it's Monday*
Fellow linguists, what are you thankful for this week?
Real People that change lives on these earth are people worth recognizing and cheering!! life is short
Coming from the gym, eating Wholefoods and watching How I met your mom. It's that divorced 39 y. o. woman swag.
Saw that #lizardlicktowing is starting again! They suck fakeass show! Saw 17 min of a show and I'll never get that time back!
Nice to meet you today!
ITS HARD TO CHASE YOUR DREAMS WHEN UR RUNNING FROM UR NIGHTMARES
ok I feel better now:-)
Four days left till #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition launches! Want a detour from the ticket lines? Get your ticket here:...
I have all faith in Heckert and MH but cmon he probably would of been there at 37.. Cleveland is desperate for WR and RT smh
Ah... Thanksgiving, aromas soon to be wafting through air... Series coming along swimmingly and more celebs added... including SEAL~~~
But I wanted you to sign my butt.....
Officially in the cast of Annie with Cabrillo Music Theatre!!
Thanks for the reminder that I haven't TOUCHED Greek in about a year.... -_-
Costco slangs caskets
made 7 as an eagle
I'm not fussed! #I #like #to #hashtage #everything! #Bothered?!
It rained while it was sunny? What the shit?
Im nervous bout asking the question but fear is success conformation. I see you as wife and dats what im pushing.
ok good :D
thanks for the follow! i hope you've checked out already. ;)
Pls note that CENTER Plaza is the location of 2night's canceled show that will now be on Oct 4 @ 5:30. Great storytellers & free beer!
Twitter needs to stop with all the spam messages
Watching Lamar play basketball has become painful.
Lester: Last week, EVMS lost Dr. Don Lewis. … He was much more than our Chair of Pediatrics. He was a beloved teacher and mentor.
She said I think I'll go to Boston...you don't know me and you don't eve care
Saw a rat last night. I'm ok with it.
haha thank you!!
Today is a great day... 31 years ago my buddy was born. Happy Birthday, bro. DD
#Austin good tip for kids photo sessions. Make sure they are in a good mood. Don't worry about behavior at the session. We will chase them.
soon, will post as soon as they are available. Hope you all had a wonderful relaxing weekend! take care and stay by for great things!
So it has been said, so it shall be done
Haha!! But they're soo good!
hugh how much did u Love Avengers?
There's a league out there for every taste; OLine leagues aren't my cup of tea, but I can see the value for hardcore players.
Mike: Kill shit, Be happy
Make sure to check out one hot #MilwaukeeDJ tear it up at tonight at 10pm - Madonna MDNA album release party!!!
You should check us out. I guarantee that we're the best! We have no mgmt contracts, if we're not you're free to go back.
I see a few with potential!
The wonder years was awesome! Glad I got to see them with my girlfriend
We also get apocalypse-cult spam.
“: I treat everybody with respect, until they give me a reason not to. #ThatsJustHowIam”
I respect that
A goldfish has an average memory span of three seconds
On a shoot today. If it stops raining.
Its official, my boyfriend is mentally retarded!
totally!!! Just had the same conversation with someone that we are finally on track to have a great summer of great movies!
joins the long list of brave, valiant athletes who take issues 2 Twitter. Big man move. "Take that Tweet & that. Fatality tweet!"
o just knew you were emotional ;-) I'll bring the name of the study I mention for our council meeting Friday
My man Tebow still gets to the playoffs
Definitely worth checking out the transcript (available immediately following the discussion), if you've missed it.
Great Woody Harrelson line in Game Change: "News is no longer meant to be remembered, it's just entertainment."
Coding like a maniac is fun. Will be back in communications with my Tweeps in a couple more weeks when I can allow distractions.
maybe it was a birthday cry for help. Poor bastard...
girl shit chilling in the trap!
I now have a great tool for figuring out what games to buy people for gifts ;)
good morning :) how are you.
my bad.... Punjabi names are hard for a South-y
Our pleasure!
Fireworks(from TN) over the lake in CT.
In a rugged mood, hope he
As soon as I deposit my checks, I'm online shopping.
You Beautiful.
Thanks for the Great panel on food writing at #ASJA moderated by
Price pulls out a win over Winward 52 to 48
Going to bed at 3:40am was a terrible idea!
I hope you get your fill, but always keep that hunger. And when you get the choice to sit out or dance... I hope you dance. ~Lee Ann Womack
What an amazing ending to a fantastic show!
Watching ESPN and wondering why butchering the English language is fully acceptable for auto racing broadcasters?
"that's my perception of your perception" - so much margin for error but pretty much how it works
ok thanks, problems of a fantasy owner who drafted bailey and street!
Happy Founders Day Alpha Mu chapter of Alpha Chi Omega, installed at on April 21, 1922!
#18conf Brian Samuels is leading us in the swim!
Don't forget: Mention this post to our office at 703-642-3277 & get $10 Prime or $7 Economy Tkts for this weekend's Light Everlasting show!
yeah now!!
as lil bill i make money more den u
Hoping everyone is enjoying the holiday season and spending time with the ones they love! Happy holidays!
There are a million and one things I could say right now... but it's probably best that I don't. #AlwaysStayClassy #BeingTheBiggerPerson :)
Turning Into Something U Always Hoped I Never Be Like
Groove is in the Heart
You know is turning a 5k into something fun right? So lets play a game. I'm guest tweeter today can you figure out who I am?
hash tag? On our way to see Cirque with you.
Where do I sign that petition? RT “: How about we just split the difference and ban Jason Whitlock from everything?”
I jail-broke my phone RT : how did u get that name up in the corner??
Did cardio at the gym but wore the wrong boxers. Damn boxers kept tickling my dick the whole time! Awkward and annoying. Lol.
It is not more vacation we need - it is more vocation. Eleanor Roosevelt
Visit with OHC at the Ohio Travel Association conference this week in Sandusky -- find support for your favorite heritage tourism project.
Comedy Open Mic Night! Kicks off around 8pm. Enjoy $2.50 Yuengling Drafts, a bunch of laughs, and $5 for a dozen wings.
Wish there was a tank in the work bathroom - would leave a treat. Couldn't get more gross in here.
OMGG ALEX IM GOING TOO!!!!! WHICH ONE DO YOU GO TOO ????? :DD <3 #yee 3
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom''s out there-on earth and in heaven!
Spanish quiz, paper, physics quiz, then BEER BIKE!
I was going to ask you if you're going to TBEX, I guess you are :)
Tell Jarrett to watch out because after seeing this awesome pic of you I may have to come & steal you away from him! #Wow!
Glad to help, although not sure what piece of advice I gave.
We have chocolate and vanilla vegan frosting and chocolate vegan dough! Get your dietary restrictions on!
Who wants a s/o for my 150th
Working 8-1:30 and then off two days.
Making pastghetti!! Dear , please #BYOB (bring your own bowl) I only have 3.
look like he blew out his knee while trying to do a jump stop. It wasn't pretty.
thanks for the invite! Didn't see it last night otherwise I would have joined! Stop by the VO5 booth and say hi!
:) Thanks so much.
Was waiting 4 that phone call...
certainly, where you guys run?
but I like your purple better than my purple 😡
Gotta step my Twitter game up son
Okay I have it... maybe u need a second story on ur home...That would be a great C-mas gift...
how are you doing so far?
You're very welcome! Thanks for using ShowClix :)
Just passed a man driving while beating drum sticks on the steering wheel.
we are ready for you. plenty of tables outside for that afternoon sun. serving up milkshakes, chorizo, matzo......
Sweet! I'll be there!
boredom and brokeness are bitches
should tweet for her birthday! ;) happy birthday girl!! :D
are a great combination. I don't know any women who want their children to look like them. George and Mary Bailey, "I want my babies to look
OH Benefit After Party: "Is that girl wearing a diaper?" "No, it's a fanny pack." -
CC has to be our constant if anyone
pssshhhh WOMEN... :p
My husband would agree with you. :)
lol yeah. :) & princess protection program! thats like, probably my favorite movie that shes in!
OMG!! THE WORLD IS GONNA END TODAY!!! Pack up your things and jump in my spaceship ... We are flyin' to Uranus baby!![;
Wow Lindsay on #SNL really?
when the moon seems to shine like you had too much wine, thats amore
yep. Only lived here until I was 3. Early Blazer fan though, I used to wear #22 for Clyde Drexler when I played bball
Try outs went great :3 looking forward to the rest of the week 😊😊😊
It is well to be happy and wise and well to be honest and true; it is well to be off with the old love, before you are on with the new.
We open at 10AM!
It’s not about thinking outside of the box. It’s about realizing there is no box.
I just noticed your logos are pretty similar, but since we're all socialists here it probably won't be an issue
Really?? Interesting.
Trying to catch up on six months worth of TED talks!
that's how God wants us. Focused in today. Let him worry about tomorrow
WOO WOO WOO
We don't know the power that's within our own bodies. Dave Brubeck
Love that the President supports same-sex marriage! But pls lets focus on issues like education + ensuring our kids hv enough teachers
I need to learn how to check this thing. Aspen Graphics is awesome and Great American Printshop always did me right.
All Work and No Pay?! Come hear Intern Queen speak on Tuesday at 7pm in Pugh!
Wow, that's awesome! Thanks Ariel!
Just finished editing. Got to do some sound work but will post soon.
SherWeb Releases SkyOffice to the Cloud - GlobeNewsWire (press release)
21 jump street is hilarious... if you haven't seen it go watch it
how can I join the team
Shanny will go after next Elway at #4 RT And what r draft ramifications of this? Redskins must win so no QB taken at 4, right?
That shot was ridiculous
Watching softball on tv with my boy (:
thats good stuff bro. Much continued success to you.
ready for my last day at #WIFYR. I'm so ready to go out and take over the world.
I have to break it to yaa..... I'm moving to Tennessee..
I hate knowing when people talk bad about me. O_- ugrh..
Its shaping up to be an interesting last few holes at the atlanta athletic club!
Thanks to Tom Persinger for hosting a great discussion! Check out the f295 conference that will be held June 7-10 in Pittsburgh
Cut the air off
#fridayreads #LTReads Finished Inheritance by Paolini, Killed at the whim of a hat & Love songs from a shallow grave by Cotterill
are you in Houston right now ???
aww sorry my "cali love" lol i wont know until monday where im off to next i want to do a beach shoot on a island idk yet .
An expensive microwave...
thanks! Let me buy you a drink if you're ever in DC.
Ah, a nice low-stress concert: hang out backstage for the 1st half, pop out for a couple of movements of Brahms 3 on contra, call it a night
let the haters hate you got swag kid
i just woke but yea im listening to Drake
Fo' sho'. If it were any more bombay, it would have to be in India
Wow! Just made 100 dollars selling lemonade :)
ok check ur email
That is, unless there was some big violation or something very wrong done that I don't know about.
And now we lose a beastie? Man, this week sucks.
Racing was really good tonight. By far the best modified race I have ever seen there. Just hate that won.
lmaoo! It was oscar
Canadian Real Estate Investment Trust Announces First Quarter 2012 Results and ... - MarketWatch (press release)
pass-agress undermining? RT I am reading a grad school letter of recommendation written in Comic Sans. 14 POINT Comic Sans.
#DontThinkJustBecause you have an MPC that your tracks automatically bang : )
Never think that God's delays are God's denials. Hold on; hold fast; hold out. Patience is genius. Comte de Buffon (1707 - 1788)
Lol that's fine!
As if I didn't have enough stress. Thanks, asshole.
I'll watch it later. :P
If you're happy and you know it, like this post! :-)
Q7 I will take it either way! I don't like a TON of beans, though! Keep it simple!
Had a great night with Mr Rob G, Casey Benjamin, and Derrick Hodge backstage with my homies!!! What a night it was... :)
I love my job! Negotiating on behalf of legacy artists (musicians) is such a blessing.
Did you know that we now have Sororities and Fraternities on campus? See what is doing to spread the gospel!...
Follow and we could both win VIP tix and a backstage tour at Irving Plaza!
#Shoutout Good morning.
A more practical way would be to just sign in as a page
LOVE all my new forum friends!!!
Looking forward to a fun night with and #twitterless Persephone
I am not fully responsible for my children! I do the best I can at teaching & guiding, but they have their own lessons to learn & grow thru.
Got up… got dressed… turns out I don't need to go to "work" this morning… thinking its nap time
tell me what you like yeah tell me what you dont i can be your buzzlight year fly across the globe - justin bieber
hahahahahah podium game!
#1000waystodie there are really some stupid people in the world. Well there are a few less now...LOL
If your guessing it's me, you guessed correctly
Don't be surprised if he is there. Not confident Miami is taking him.
lol, I'm pretty sure he's 18
ooh have fun!
Not a fan of the new changes to 'The Lion King Special Edition' its messin with mah mind...'morning report'=dumb song...
My car now smells like BO, a dirty diaper, and bagels. #who's hungry?
Cut that wood timber joey!
Hey when do you think will realize that mouer will be a member this year? before november?
yes definitely! We have a lot of shows coming up in the boston area! Even this weekend! (:
It kills me that people are buying this pap. Or is it brilliant? Take bad writing, add crappy sex scenes = instant bestseller.
I want to go see the win tonight!!
I never need a watch. The time is now or never
Ha! :-D (For the record, Twitter can be hit or miss, but has a median response of <15 minutes.)
When Mitt Romney was pro-choice, that was just part of a practical joke to be elected Governor of Massachusetts. Duh.
stop jerking each other off and get over here
Clippers keep playing like this they got this game
its a gd thing 2 put yr number in yr work or personal journal. Thank U #swa 4 finding it & calling me, makes up 4 the delayed flight 2 Vegas
I wake up knowing who my friends and who my foes. West side or none. My homie said if something happen I got 50k on command.
from feeling low at this point I'm on a road with 10 different paths but which way do i go
you missed me? why?
Yep born and raised! Born and raised in Brooklyn and live in long island now! Def come chill out here!
My mom said you like them thug types don't you? Naw mom never that lol
Llyod - Feel So Right >>
Once again, today I will be speaking about Archaeology and JPAC's Mission to Repatriate Military Combat Victims on Indiana Jones : Myth, Rea
Hello to my new followers!!!
Enjoy. I love Vegas. Don't get into too much trouble. ;)
Who's gonna invest in you when you don't take the initiative?
I want some takisfuegos
so if you ever see someone just staring at you, don't be afraid, it could be me and I stare when I LOVE YOU. or it could be a serial killer.
Loving all of the new members!! FreeSweat.com
finished reading "Earth (The book)". twinkle in George Clooney's eyes apparently important enough to be mentioned more than once!
Choice Hotels International Opens 46 New Hotels in Q1 2012 - PR Newswire (press release)
I'm at the Pavilion! Come out here!
UNM starting back up for Fall today. Special 'welcome' stuff all week at the duck pond.
Wake up everybody there's no more sleeping in bed!
Hello Tweeters! It's been a while since I've signed in!
No, no, no, no. That would be wrong. It was 25 years ago and the folks in Elk City have some hard miles on them.
that was supposed to go
A press release email with the subject line "Major New Benson Exhibition" wasn't what I hoped it would be.
Bakersfield has come out sharp in the Q4, outscoring Sioux Falls 10-4 in the first couple of minutes, SIF lead just four points now (81-77)
No power at #BlueRock but were still working from home. Call Director of Production Brian at 443.528.8289
Hmm. What's up ? Premier line is just as long as regular boarding passes.
I don't have permanent enemies, just permanent interests.
Wish I could've gone on the retreat today:( I'm so bored
AGA retweet somehow appropiate during the week of BARGE...
MLB.TV mini feed never gets old. #WhiteSox and #lawschool all afternoon.
And I'm gone
I may it may not eat this while lb of bacon. Well, I'll at least hide what I don't eat from Kirk
I'm venturing into the realm of stand-up comedy. Feel free to follow where the weirdness shall flow just as flowy.
Well, yes! And that is supposed to be creating jobs.Seems like we could do a little better than that!
These are my kind of nights. Low key and chill. Just hanging out.
^Eli Manning, New York Giants quarterback on Joe Namath: "Joe Namath was a great, confident man. That was then, this is now. I am not...
Boy in blue/black stripped shirt... yum!
So much information to go through from #NRAShow2011. Lots of work to do this holiday weekend!
You don't even know shit, so stop judging girls. RT : lmao girls in El Paso are all hoes lol.
What's everyone's problem? Shit.
When someone says
hey can you follow back???
Why get Marmol up in a tie game. RT : Marmol up finally after Wood walks the house.
he's already out enough already. Don't worry about me, I got this. Lol.
Surprised? Similar channels to devel, build, promote emplyr brand either internally or externally says
just wanna sleep?
incredibly frustrated with your company. Don't sell something you don't have in stock.
The problem with eating at Edzo's yesterday, is I want Edzo's again today. your burgers are addictive.
Gone swimming 🏊
The further I leave Boston the darker the clouds... Mother nature, make me understand ;)
thank you for having me as a judge last weekend! Great presentations.
#MomentWhen you start Caring Less because the People you care about the most or try to care about can Really Careless !
Mase sounds like a homo on that slight work remix.
She fine AF.
txt me punk
I love #TurnToYou soo much.<3 can't wait to get it on iTunes (: <3 I love you Justin.<3
I don't have to get ready for work for like 5 more hours...... But I've already slept for 9 hours... Idk what to do !
... makes best Rhone style wines in CA, hands down
Right now, I aint doin no trippin. Im workin, networkin, and featurin with anybody going the same direction as me......FORWARD
what's happening? people suck- fo real! well 99.9% of them!
In the chippies and salsa isle at trader joe's and thinking of any salsa suggestions, cady?
aw, bummer Stemke.
last thing :) axl's '02 voice so much better than '06 and '06 so much better than '11...but i still think it's good for 50 yo
" dont worry i will be!" Okay baby :*
Biked 20 miles, ran 3 miles....now if only I had access to a pool.
Your Welcome :)
Our French Macaroon Gift Boxes are one of our most popular items, and our the perfect way to share our French Macaroons.
nuts i can't but man that would be sick, and i'm actually going to dc the next day too. hope its rad!
I will let #beastmode off it's leash
>>>MLM News! Rex Worldwide( New Company Listing )
Faking Scala in Java on a Saturday night.
BREAKING -KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) -- President Obama in Afghanistan on unannounced trip to sign agreement on US post-war role.
we need cliff notes:)
Attention all full members of #OVS! Check out our #FB event for an amazing scholarship opportunity available for someone aged 13-25!
Houston. On the way back to Seatown.
#youknowyoufromatl if u saw shawty in every sentence
Tough fight for Floyd, but the outcome was as expected. Next is probably Canelo
Sorry for your loss. I'm so happy to see you blogging.
Goal is to finish packing up my bookshelves. Then I get pizza!
I have nothing to say re: #mnshutdown other than it's a pathetic waste of $$. Maybe I should get a job that pays me for being a big baby.
I can has cookies?
That's what I was thinking too. We're not as cool as we think :/
Sounds good! I'll likely stick with the reg. phone too, since I don't have a door...or a ceiling...or real walls
in the last period Miller getting his head outta his ass would have won it too
if it doesn't involve a bottle of tequila, two donkeys and some peanut butter I will yawn.
Question? Do it! RT To release a new product or not to release a new product at - that is the question.
Starting tomorrow whatever life throws at me, I am ducking so it hits someone else! Too bloody funny.
RT : "I don't know yet. And I need another season too!" If not, it's bcuz of obnoxious Mason character.
Sephora makep line is actually good!=) i partivulary like the concealar and gloss
I've had all types of trolls, from Paulbots to Obamabots but never once a Romneybot
When she is sleeping andd I reaally need her<<<
The rain is messing my TV up! I'm starting to hate Direct tv but I have CNN live on my phone! My iPhone will always come through for me!
New website is pretty, but harder to compare spa packages than before.
just purchased #GulliblesTravels from on iTunes - get yours today!
not u lmao
My pop filled my tank all the way up last night...
I wonder if mark is tweeting :o
Business in thee front, partyy in the back ;)~
Touched down in honolulu. Love that sole passenger who claps for landing. Awkward.
Yeah she's pretty great, not gonna lie
