My advice to Warren Buffett, #YOLO, dude. You're a billionaire... get creative.
my favorite song by vampire weekend is giving up the gun yep
if u read all your tweets then maybe the next time I look at my mentions ill see "Kendall Schmidt followed you" (;
It bothers me when my mom has conversations with her cat -___-
I was almost in a 3some tonight. Almost being the keyword.
I had to lose my hair or I will never see my friends or girldfriend anymore.... put it that way<\3
No NHL 12??...Step your GAME up,bro..lol..
Unacceptable Behaviors: making or using derogatory comments, epithets, slurs and jokes
It's funny how everyone has their own best/worst Malick film; for me, TREE is by far his worst. Kitsch, indeed.
Today was a constant battle. everyone Should know that Lies hurt, but Lies tears us apart and loses trust... J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ..Always&4Ev
a lady gotta eat (though seriously I blame Jay-Z)
he wasn't tripped. he's just a dumbass that shot without a puck.
Thousands of bees swarming outside my office window. Yikes, they're an inch thick on my block wall. I feel like I'm in a Hitchcock movie!
Been working for six months now - CRAZY. Looking forward to see what's in store for the next six.
What one are you watching that makes you say that?
Can I have your picture, So Santa Claus knows exactly what to give me on this CHRISTMAS.
The most telling indication of my advanced age? How much I look forward to eating the exact same breakfast every day.
Had a great time leading worship at rock springs church! The highschoolers are awesome!
Good night JBenk (:
yeah I never found the 1st two to be all that dope but I guess they made money so eh.
Instead of single as a marital status it should say "independently owned and operated."
#LiesBeforeSex No, i never had sex with your brother
mom just asked where the bag of pita chips were
Taking my kids to a Cody Simpson concert tomorrow night. Do I get "Dad of the Decade" points for that?
I agree with Hippocrates - our FOOD SHOULD be our medicine -- however, our FOOD itself is often times SICK....and we eat too much sick food.
Off to Florida to see my mom!!! :)
Ranch sunflower seeds >
yeah, she likes you better than she likes me.
One more day till the miss red and black pageant. this is a show you do not want to miss. hurry up and get your tickets! they going fast
it would be really fun!
Playin black ops and my 10 year old daughter snipes me out! I taught her to well!
Bike rides to the farmers market! must get shorts. Stat!
great job on Rome
I need a new #lense any ideas.
He did SF just as he was falling asleep! Dad snoring now, kid still kicking.
"cause' honestly you turned out to be the,best thing I ever had,sucks to be you right now."
Second best Google tool available, right behind Scholar RT Wow. How Google Translate works flpbd.it/4DKA
Thanks and and Your Welcome
Bring your boys to the Cooperstown Classic this July!
HAHA funny joke..not happening
omg, take me with u! haha. ♥
stoked to be apart of the family weve been promoting and bought some stuff last night!
that's real life, how messed up is that? plus my sports bra was grey..not something to be excited about
thank the lord for another hot day lol sty kool n hydrated!!! whts there todo this weekend
#confidentstatements Stevie Wonder is the greatest musician to ever live
#NP Radio-Inactive
#wtf to do
I definitely think not!
Amen! 3 Big Time guards that can all make high level plays with the ball in their hands!
What, no Milwaukee? ;)
Thanks for the RT!
Taking my final furlough day ... Sweet/sad. I couldn't decide if I wanted hot or iced coffee this morning so I got one of each -- decadence
can assure its our features editor ;)
I'm sorry. Don't mean to hate on DD. Finals week has got me stressed to the max. Turning me into a crabby baby.
Usher texting during ! #not cool
Make a wish, affirm a desire, feel your dreams come true tonight,eclipse, solstice, star shower, enjoy the power
luv u brother rip
It's amazing the things you can do with duct tape
S/O SHE DO COOL DESIGNS & S**T WHEN SHE S/O!!!
Looking forward to #INTERSECTIONSDC in the coming weeks!
You would think after a lifetime of drinking I would know to open them over the sink
PLEASE tell me this Adam Yauch MCA news is not true. PLEASE.
Sleeping over tongith...somehow...;D
I'm totally feeling collaborative up in here.
well It's not the "group" it used to be
Who am i? Mother fucker who are you? Don't be asking questions you should know the answer to.
haha :D have you met the boyz yet?
I kind of wish Teixeira wasn't up in this spot.
We are looking into the problem and will get back to you ASAP when it is fixed. Thank you for reaching out to us.
SHOUT OUT TO YOU JENNIFER AND MANY BLESSINGS
RT : RT : CLUB VINYL TOMORROW FOR ARIES BDAY WEEKEND!! DONT MISS OUT!!
Lazy Sunday with my amazing husband. #Heaven!
Sounds great. Congrats to the #ubuffalo #ubhonors students!
Wow there is so much great music coming out of Brazil. I'm loving it!
What albums/music have you had on repeat lately? Need to update. Thanks!
Federal buildings have DHS screeners, but they wouldn't have TSA unless they were on wheels.
Thanks buddy! Have you played? With how many devices? (Board gets longer/game dynamic changes with more devices.)
Why are so many people from Baltimore rooting for a DC team? Seriously we hate DC #baltimore #caps please!
Hey people! Meet in rm702 for a social hosted by IWW. 10-midnight Drinks provided!
Cpt. America is the only Marvel flick I haven't seen. Am I missing anything?
I don't always like writing, but I miss it terribly when I can't.
mann the same thing.lol. My body lhh.!
Isnt this a waste of time? RT : Don't tell faculty about trials unless you can... afford the product
RT : My eyeholes hurt, too. My nose is itchy.
My students rock!!!!
Fireworks in the daytime? Really White Sox?
“: You can't overdose on music.”
Thanks you!
Happy Born day!, be safe!
Okay, not worth it.
Great job on O'Reilly Factor!
end of semester eye twitch
No matter how good your idea is, something is happening that will make your idea slightly out-of-date
Love and peace to you and your family
And those calling it bullying don't understand the culture (especially w/ D9 and HBCU bands).
Jethro's Waldo Black Blue Flake and Blue Tip is Hot on Kissimmee Chain
agreed. Angels and Tigers have very unbalanced lineups. Albert not cashing in right now. I like Texas though.
Yes come on #Avs!!!
The biggest accomplishments in life are the simplest ones.
A good day to you, too!
Thanks, sugar!
E! doing a better job of shutting up! :-)
Good morning all â™¥
good seeing you man.
Flex schedule at hospitals- great!
hi doll. always in my heart, often on my mind...now, i'd live to lay eyes on you. be well!
sure, where and when
playing some swinging jazz Off The Grid-Civic Center-thanks
Looks like this convo is ova.
I'm taking an awesome workshop on thursday that teaches how to do lith printing. I'm super excited.
Get your dade in here.
yes, they do. they grow so fast!
- why the rage? #ShermanOaks, man - all is good!
YOUR STUPID!!
Y would a female say she looking for a good man, when she sleep with every man that looks her way.
You should read the They gave me free tickets to Dave Matthews Band just for reading. Pretty sweet!
The more often people talk behind your back, the more often you're on their mind. Be proud.
You got your first RT from me...
Awesome! Just wanted to wish you 'Good Luck!'.
(Inspired by my own struggle to come up with a comic bio for my self I'm now tweeting comic bios about some of ABQ's best) - Sarah M.
Carpet Connection signed on as a Local Supporting Sponsor for the 2010 Walk to Empower. Welcome!
#3-Adrian Peterson-RB-Minnesota Vikings
BlackBox and Big Medium tonight, Yay!
What is your resolution for tomorrow?
If your feet smell worse than your shoes... Just cut 'em off.
make some noise if you're at the game!
Rajon rondo aka the triple double machine
I miss you too(; lmao
confirmed Accessibility Camp DC will be October 9, 2010 at MLK Library & please save date. More information to come. #a11y #508 via
Great! Glad to get the holidays over and done. They were great but exhausting!
I want takis now.
While watching Wisconson play last night. I started to think slowing up the game in basketball. Is as affective as the offensive in Denver.
is finishing up their new Facebook Fan Gate. Stay tuned for the final reveal!!!
awesome thanks :)
I hope that you had a wonderful weekend as well Cecily. Thank you for the follow!
and the dog spend over 10% of the film by themselves, carrying on with their journey.
It's really uncomfortable for me to watch people kissing in old movies because they just didn't know how to do it or something.
shout out to
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Gripit Dental Floss and most oral care products.
don't say that! It's fine
Yeah a little too cute. : )
Saw a commercial for #MobWives...dam Big Ang is a big dude!! What a guy!
As if that would that matter! RT If I ever have to go on liquid diet I wonder if my insurance would pay for me to be breastfed
Clearly :) RT : #smcsea "the five a's is the cousin of the p's
I moved one client to our servers from #godaddy just two months ago, & they THEN became angry over how #slow their pages were.
thanks Kiddo ;-)
I remember my first beer...
totally lost, I retired from this social stuff :)
well, it is the first year.... And we all know the final days are the biggest push ;)
So dear I love him, that with him all deaths I could endure, without him live no life.
Givenchy dropping bombs lately
moms being a bitch, wont let me watch #CastleAlways cuz apparantly her pnoy dramas r more important!!! F U!!
possibly. It's usually a pain to drive in but it's just annoying today.
Will I get to see ya tomorrow night?? It's been forever!
It's almost friday....should we do a FREE TICKET FRIDAY contest? What do you think?
You raise good points. I did a spot check & all major museum apps I know were hits. Know a better list or query?
Just saw that you're blogger of the month (I've been out of the office). Congrats! I really loved reading your post! :)
Wow, the line is super long at 23rd and 5th!
While earning your daily bread, be sure you share a slice with those less fortunate.
awesome I'm in Ridley Township. I work at my corp job during the day. I can do a weekday evening shoot in my home studio
Idea for conf this year? RT : Wishing #mw2012 had twitter handles for presenters listed in the program...
can't lie. i love sleep.
#FF for a good time,for a great brew n some killer food: place is heating up!
yeah they're kinda doing...okay here :) & I like their stuff
Cheese burgers for the fire crew.
We can provide high quality relabeling for all Men's Kids & Women's apparel at a low price
Chemical brothers' first draft ": Cock blockin' beats!"
Presence. Acting. Dancing. Singing. Focus your efforts in that order.
Mike Breen : "Arenas is out of control". I call that Gilbert being Gilbert.
Too sweet. I needed that.
#Romney: I see an America where poverty is defeated by opportunity, not a government check.
Yes. Go! RT : Srsly what is the protocol when someone you don't even like to follow gets arrested for dumb stuff? Do yo
this foggy weather is making it a little difficult to be upbeat today - but my free raspberry latte is helping! ;)
bummer .. was looking forward to hearing Ben Fry
CRACK MUFFINS.
how old are you? :)
what happened to unthink
It's about that time to start whooping ass!!!
I look like a pretty convincing ricky gervais in this black vneck right now.
I like 's pedicure.
at least its a short ride away. You're from Detroit right?
Many Blessings On This Easter Day! Thank you for your many blessings & for allowing me to have just enough!
Everything is possible in 2012
Elie Wiesel continues to write about his life. He has written two memoirs since "Night." His first memoir, “All Rivers Run to the Sea,” ..
Thanks for coming on the tour today! It was nice to meet you.
my 11:11 wish is to meet you and have a conversation. and a follow back would be nice too(: <3 4
I hope u aren't talking about Stack Jack lol. He wanted to go to Zona but didn't have the grades
Totally was slow on the iPhone tweeter app update. It's awesome.
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 21
Netflix asks: "How often do you watch Wilderness-survival Movies like Bambi?" Never? Sometimes? Often?
Abraham Lincoln~ I will study and get ready and perhaps my chance will come.
Maybe I wil see you there. I will be the only female with my shirt still on. ;-)
Please email us at
never Atlanta. Been to la the past 2 years to visit tho.
what party? And it depends on when I have work on Sunday. I start training tomorrow since the season starts tomorrow.
` Peter remind me of a female family member of mines lmao
Thx! and great festival
It's "WORTH"watching. I smell shades&bbq's in the one word alone! Yes, I agree, WORTH watching! Weather excitement!
For those of you not watching, great game between two of the NHL's premier teams tonight. Playoff matchup? Go #Bruins!!
U hoes share clothes. TF! Get real
The laws revolving around illegal entry or overstaying are found in Section 1325 in Title 8 of the United States Code.
Your so lucky. I wanted to keep the app and continue getting calls until I got one from Super Junior.
": was reading The Wind Through the Keyhole. " awesome! What is it about?
thought that said losing my pants
Great #NFLdraft #sportsbiz coverage and definite
won't be happy MT : ...for all intensive purposes....
So many characters entering/exiting scene I'm working on that I'm drawing on my dance roots and choreographing them!
me and one chance is a match made in heaven those my boys im down tell me wat i gotta do
GOOD stuff is happening. Hopefully we can announce it soon!
after that skep show, i will gladly stay single forever..... 👎
What time is Cody on Punk'd on Thursday?
Who is not following me and i am following him or her will be ignored soon so please follow if you are not following ....:(
No one here is bashing Bo for anything other than his decisions tonight. And the Elite Eight should not be a destination.
#mascmplx day two has begun! Registration tables are open all day for latecomers.
I need to get away for awhile. Oklahoma? <3 I'll probably just leave everything and everyone here. and forget the world.
Heard about dc arts community, on NPR - very cool. If you're a dc area artist, check it out!
Defense gave the ball back to T Bow <TOP OF THE LINE>
If only you'd let me.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH ! <3
I agree! I'm so bored KBS definitely kept it going better!
9.25am Workout completed, showered and dressed and ready to take on the day!!!
Hell hath no fury....Cole Whitt is in trouble.
About to start an epic day of Mass Effect 3. Reckon I'll get somewhere near the end tonight.
Multiple choice tests designed in 1914 to deal with influx of immigrant population and shortage of teachers precipitated by WWI . . .
Merry Christmas Eve <3
that makes my heart happy.
Thank you and for the #TT shout out! Back at ya!! Have a super Tuesday!
serious bummer!
ill add u from my seclnd profile. my main is full up
retweet to be in our next shout out video? :) we'll post it!
Also I signed my first autographs. Lol what?
that shit is weak, jealousy is a useless emotion my man!
don't you mean skinny fat ass?
Almost forgot Shaw is back in the lineup..
To remove dust from the eye - pull the eye down over the nose.
New Johnny Rockette stuff is sounding INSANE
#MarryTheNight Made me want to be as famous as
Obama is thinking - I might not need that superPAC after all.
Did you tweet about show? I don't see it. What's the best way for me to know about your shows?
tried to find a Cougar Town gif of everyone falling asleep @ this education, but I couldn't. Pretend I did, & it was hilarious
Last minute mother's day ideas
He did much more of a disservice to the kid than to Maria I think
Look at mee
Way to work Bynum.
Maybe i jumped the gun with doechebag comment RT : Len Bias died on my 14th Bday. We can only imagine.
sorry ms jackson
I'm slacken on my twitter posts.
When the world sayz No, Remember God has the power 2 say Yes
Im mad my head is on banger and i got a lot of hw
I hate this summer. I work so much I started calling my boss my boyfriend.
your so lucky that aka touched ur boob !! Aahh how did it feel ???
MT I stand by until the end. Im not gonna let bias media and unreliable polls sway me from supporting him.
This is why we vote every day in Site Shelter Challenge! Vote New Mexico Dogs Deserve Better every day!...
Hanging out with
TONIGHT! SETTING SUN - a New Works playreading - 8PM - Stella Adler Studios - Free!
They're not even in Finder, there isn't even a recovery file? How is this possible?
yes i did! I never got a reply back.
how much knowledge is too much knowledge to act? thinking through what a "one-stop" really needs to include AND exclude.
Tell him to find me. I'm the only one with a notebook :)
where at?
I know, I feel the same way! I've been watching non-stop, and CNN did an unbelievable job! Very cool!
Come on city get tevez on he's a beast
can justin bieber find me ,somebody to love
Haha three! And Aunt Jane is here & she says hello :)
I am SO HAPPY TO SEE YOU HERE! Though confused. was taken??
The court drama song from Zanzibar I is nearly complete. ;)
“: "It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men."- Frederick Douglass” SO true! Good challenge.
Hmm. If I'm going to get this book proposed today, I better get with it, huh?
gasol and bynum play like they did today and its a wrap for
There are tons of economic factors harming NASCAR at the moment, but this writer's (+ my mom's) arguments were...skewed. And flawed
what a bummer, mid quilting have to stop to clean & oil hook, king tut thread makes more lint than i remember...but I love me my Bernina!
Okay so when I'm typing certain names in no popping up
"A is for rebel." -- who knows
r u sure? I know somethings bothering u or u wouldn't have tweeted that
Hey Foodies you might b interested in awards announcements!
lol love this photo.
"all ducks, all day"
Thats because Bill Clinton said Boehner was "scared" to compromise a few days ago.
Just saw a picture of myself from this past week and I look so sad! Wonder if it's because I'm so pale?
When a guy is your boyfriend, bestfriend and soulmate.
Just keep playin' man! We all believe in you, believe in your squad! Bout to show IU fans what's really up...
Bobby Fresh Flag Ship Store opens March 1st 2010 at 425 S. Mill Ave . Instore exclusives , colabs and much more .Be there. PLEASE RETWEET!
And congrats! Did you beat it 100% though?
“: just watched the SNL skit...I'm not surprised. Jesus said it would go down like this” dude seriously?
Anything like Cisco StadiumVision coming to CF?
we know you smoke HOE .
Morning peeps headed to work
No, or not as sad as when I--raised on musicals--made the inverse mistake back in 7th grade when these things mattered. :)
wats uuupp i dnt talk to u in the longest time
The Masters in on at Monk's
girl how many times u seen Friday??? Lmao
Happy Monday! What is the #1 thing on your "to do" list today?
Sometimes we have to stop loving someone not because that person doesn't love us. But because we know that they'd be happier if we let go.
Charoulette is so nasty
Life's greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved.s
I love . That is all <3
Dead wrong. Lol RT : While I bite this juicy ole Hamburger RT : It's healthy week tho...*bites celery stick*
I truly enjoy watching David Robertson pitch. Real fans will be patient. Bandwagon fans are already aruging for Cashman to make a trade
are u ever gonna follow me back?
Lol conversations not directed at exactly one person but they know it's meant for them. It's the only way I don't yell.
i solemly swear that i am up to no good
it will be...tonight is the first night :)
Gonee TO BED :)
the sad part is YOU think its cool, but it makes you look less than what I know you are..you need a change in surroundings.
I highly recommend it, it will make you feel VERY fancy. It's all orangey and cinnamony and so sophisticated! :)
I DARE U...DOUBLE DARE YOU 2 make 10 PEOPLE LAUGH TODAY, or TONIGHT :-)))))
Looking forward to a prosperous 2012!
Is it me or are 50% of the people in #Ohio sick or suffering from allergies right now?
I GET TO SEE YOUR FACE TOMORROW! <3
ur welcome baby. I love you too!
About as articulate as the Republican Party platform, way to go Jermaine...
If you could see through the eyes of god the you would see a world filled with goodness
its like I wish I was shes the coolest thing ever ... I dream about being her bahahahaha "hacked"
Can't tell you how much $$ we just spent at Men today...but we should def hit VIP now..worth it!! My man is LOOKIN GOOD!
All of our seniors look so good today!!!
Hey birders: rufous-capped finch in Eastern US with pronounced red rump? Not purple or house, I think. ?Cassin’s? In tree at Eastgate
Biking would strengthen them without causing more damage. Water work out too!
Thank you for the update from the story on Wednesday!
Great day of editing guitars and working at the Minneapolis Media Institute. Finished editing video work for a client. More fun stuff ahead.
The Tonga Kid
I'm pretty sure you should go to Paris. As MDR says, there is no good time, you just have to go and let everyone deal with it.
thank you sweetie :)
Love the Short film winners!
I dropped my iPhone3 yesterday. Was hoping to make it to the iPhone5, don't know what I'm going to do now.
And ofcourse featured Stage Performances!!
good luck. let us know if there's anything we can do to help!
missed u this week
Back in #Nashville from a great 4 day tour, time to kick back and watch my kick some butt!
yea thats how it always end up.. Smh
Does social networking reduce the need for interacting with each other face to face?
All of the above RT: dtf, nudes or gtfo
click my follow button please! haha
I sound like an old Atari when I speak and a couple of old styles I sound like a pong game. Lol
haha- I'm sorry. Truthfully, do not be... there are ups and downs of everyone's life :)
if I see one more commercial featuring middle aged folks jamming out in a garage, I may have to get the old band back together.
Custom Posters On Sale All Weekend long! at MusicalStop.com The home for Independent Artists Across North America.
Happy Krampus Day! Love the video. :D
~haha I could hear the madea voice
the avengers was good...
Tuesday might work. Greg? I am off on Thursday. Or we are here til 430-5 most nights...
Bro, really, really? -__-
On this day in 1895, José Marti attempted to invade Cuba from Florida. The U.S. seized the three boats.
New lesson: If a friend texts you something sweet.. Ask him if that was actually meant for his gf before responding. Ouch!
yay! Thx! Hope my abbreviations made sense! How old before starting? He's 4 mos 1 wk now
Wow, just saw post from someone who said they were voter 500 at poll in Fitchburg this morning at 9:30. That's kind of insane.
stop finding excuses and start finding a way.
thanks for the recommendation !
I love pizza, but we don't have it too often since to do it 'right' isn't exactly healthy. :-P
So, when someone is a slob we call them a pig. That's pretty mean, I wonder how pigs would feel if they found this out. O.o
Learn to earn www.ebookviralincome.com
you don't like.
Happy birthday to !! Have a fantastic day!
if you live your dreams you'll never have to wake up
Stood in line behind an old asian man at Restaurant Depot - he was buying a 50lb bag of "99% pure" MSG.
logged onto Facebook and this annoying chick send me a rhyme via the messages shit... FOH
Eating cereal
That's why I went to the pics of the figure girls to try to find out if there's a T walk & how they do their mandatories
Have a criminal or civil legal issue? Looking for affordable legal representation? Call us today for a free consultation ~ 619.338.9500
Does Paula Deen have the beaties
Symphony Ball is just 2 days away. If you are attending, get ready for an "Epic" evening with the OC.
RT Gary Johnson ends his bid for libertarian party nomination, endorses Ron Paul (via ) it's a Hoax!!
Just figured out I have a board mtg on June 5 :-(. Good luck!
Tom Joyner, why do you have punk ass NENE on your morning show? She is wack!!
your super talented!!!!<3
Do you. What will settle everything is of one of these ppl were to hit someone that actually hits back...beat down and scene
Thanks much!
To ze editing cave!
Thanks! And sorry for being such a humbug! The snowflakes are pretty but just kept distracting me. Happy holidays!
I rather be faded than be on anything else..stayyymeelloowww & green :}
Ghezz, good for my friend, she's going to Miami. LOL
thanx sexy lady
what time??
I could use a glass of Voulet.
Who dancing me all night ❕😏
wats gudd where u at? Call me
The Grizzilies up by 3 with 3 min left... rudy gay clutch
Bro i dont care how pretty her eyes are or how curly & long her hair is, nigga her forearms are thick as fuck & she got a 5'o clock shadow
#IUBB needs big win tonight, plenty of rebounds and second chance points!
don't. Not worth it.
Ryan will talk to you about the plan for 88.9. I think it is going to be sweet. Can't wait!!
housemade hot dogs, pale ale bacon brats, elk strip loin and beef tongue pastrami sandwich on the menu tonight.
What are you guys talking about?
Ugly Sweater Party tonight @ 9pm! Big Prizes, Live Dj, free food at Midnight!
get on here you hoe! xD
just remember that "there's a great, big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of everyday!"
you need a delivery?
Apparently I had a long complicated dream last night involving Lots of food and shopping but was not to be found.
hearing your new songs through the walls. They sound fucking rad
S/O to for his game winner tonight!
oh it was super warm today here too!
salty im not gone be able to get them other 12's that come out this weekend -_-
Interested in #internationaldevelopment? is helping to alleviate #poverty #hunger and #illiteracy in
Princeline PCLN setting up for big pullback after earnings nxt wk. PCLN now has a staggering market cap of $22 billion. Valuation concerns..
The moment you realize that everything is temporary you'll start to enjoy things to the fullest.
OMG when did you get on Huff Po? Congratulations! :D
#quotentquotables "i'm bringing bacon brownies in my purse."
#Egypt actor Fouad Khalil passes away at the age of 72 after a long career in film and television.
yep gymnast are always hot at the top of their sport I was a gymnast for 25 years
Hella blazed right now, to the point of losing my TV remote. Can't find that shit anywhere. Getting up is hard when your lazy. HAHA WHATITIS
Lol dissed some niggas this week. Oh well! Who's next? You are no friend of mine
Ever wanted to ask tough questions on Israel's relationship with the US? Come to ROUTES and talk to AIPAC staffer Jonathan Kessler
electability is taking the GOP nomination. A couple months ago that man was Herman Cain. We all know he wasn't all that electable
lol no just me & her time. I just ate a concha :p
Wow! U really selling burial reefs out the side of ur house. o_0
Its something about him that is stopping me... or it could just be me ?
Come have Lunch and watch the #Packers get their 11th straight win #ThanksgivingDay at !!!
Hi Ellen - how goes your Wednesday evening?
keeping you in my prayers!
nothing better than tapas at Ondos before the Gypsy Kings @ red rocks.
Clearly NBA officiating has not gotten any better since the lockout
Yes and now. Depends on how its limited. RT : materialist turn forecloses other things.
Opening day! Go Brewers!
- Will punishment for performance incentive pools apply to offense? Or are we just trying to outlaw contact?
One of our clients has a sunglass coming out in collab with a hip hop artist. Can you DM me an email so I can send u info when...
come on! Pigs in a blanket AND a pizza? We have a winner
I'm still looking for a job,
I´ve been working hard so long but it seems like it´s not enough!
I'm thirsty. Are you thirsty?
USHER CLIMAX IS DA PERFECT SONG
": Kobe vs Durant" Action Figure got that good good!
What am I going to do now
Why is it called after dark when it really after light
I'm BACK! Jacobs on Sports with me, Bruce Jacobs returns Monday at 1pm on The Fan AM 1060- Our number 602-260-1060 - you'll need it!
first catalyst. Been awesome except for strangers kissing at pre show this morning on stage. #CAT11 wwdplatt say?
All of a fucking sudden ravers wanna be hitting up Rock The Bells this year... Gtfo
Salon Tip: Got specials? Communicate with all your customers about your specials on a regular basis.
Happy Birthday ! your a man now haha it seems like it was just yesterday when I saw you on YouTube proud of you! :)
Just finished my capoeira training session... Amazing stuff
I saw it, I thought it was creepy
skeet skeet skeet , water gun , oh my god becky look at her butt , tunechi! --weezy . <3
And for my main course... Fettuccine w smoked salmon in a red pepper cream sauce. Carbo loading for hockey.
i have a fat ass scar. I DONT CARE IF PPL CANT SEE IT. I CAN FEEL IT.
Going crazy this morning
My favorite part of the night is watching how hammered these college kids are as we load out lol
#imissyouwhen I realize I'm still in memphis.
idk i kinda like how my stuffy nose and scratchy throat are making me sound when i sing
Beautiful day today.
is that key lime pie?
Federal Protective Security Cars All Downtown! #crazy NATO
Enjoyed the video game exhibit and learned all about the FBI art crime team today at /
Just created a filter to autodelete someone's messages to a listserv I read. Trying to determine if I feel guilty...
I LOVE YOU (Biles)
Nothing is more disheartening blemish, as the consciousness that he guessed, and that he had already heard about laughter.
Good luck!!!
: | I WANT TO BE HER. Oh my gosh, coolest old lady I have ever seen!! when she hits the spoons on her hip.. sassy!
Talking to Eric about marketing
WE have much to accomplish together! I am blessed by you! Love you!
Have you bragged about yourself lately? You are your #1 Cheerleader so Bragg on!! I wana hear what you think of yourself!
I actually do give a fuck, that's the sad part....
She 12 W/ A TAT, There's A Problem..
RT : The good news for #DaleJr fans, finished 2nd. Bad news? Of all the guys to win...
's movie reviews!!! I love it.
good just finishing up a last assignment
Last game of the regular season going on RIGHT NOW! LET'S GO #BULLS!
Just launched www.facemeike.com... check out. BTW IKE... thanks for collaborating with the B.A.Y.N Design Group
I really need to get off my butt and get a foam cutter at Hobby Lobby.
I need to stop drinking at this point....gotta b up at 6
hi google.
Pay day tomorrow, thank ya Jesus.
i work like 18 hours this weekend!
Just left physical therapy :)
Tempranillo - most famous of Spain's native grapes, is a vibrant, varietal that offers spicy, red fruit aromas and flavors
Congrats to #Wystone's World Teas for being named #1 on top 10
Im going to see FFDP tonite & I don't know how to feel about it. At least Hatebreed will keep me in the pit
now 2 of my friends have 1D tickets. OMG I NEED THEM SO BAD IM CRYING
The Midlothian Lighthouse music & arts festival was great today. Beautiful day, good music and cool art work.
what in god's name makes taxes negative in the first place?
I will! And thanks! I like #BunnyMichael myself
We do have shows on Saturdays from time to time. Should have some coming up. We'll keep you posted!
#sd37learn Social media matters. Connections matter! #youmatter Tweet from Evansville, Indiana USA
Slept an INCREDIBLE amount today. Must have needed it after all that traveling. But oh SO worth it!
haha you're too cute<3
i just gave away the last few Oreo cookies . Damn , i'm to nice man .
who is horror?
Please help me out and go on to my site and buy some stuff everything is cheap if u like this status everything is 50% off !
when i get my period i just feel like a flubby monster.
I know >:l
I can't take it it makes me feel too dirty lol
I hope you enjoy the Premier League highlights in the show today. What a wild finish to the season.
Rose has 9 pts with a bum ankle, this game is over already...
Been listening to the single over and over. They ain't ready.
aw nan I miss you too! You can be included in coming out wif us :)
Happy Mentor Recognition Day to the awesomest (I think that's a word) mentors around! Subway and a kickball game, sounds like a party!
Livin' Young, Wild and Free
Thanks pandora, I forgot about
Reach for the stars. They are within reach at a full moon.
Don't mistake those with a pretty smile for someone with a beautiful heart.
#icantevenlie I so got in to #jerseyshore I love Pauly d but Mike is is a hating biotch
Random question of the day: if Memphis high could tour with anyone in the world, who would you want it to be?
Just got outta work and boy are my buttcheeks tired lol
Thanks so much for the retweet! The power of prayer is amazing! God Bless!
The popular Chicago newspaper "The Chicago Tribune" reports that in late 2012 WWE wants to make a documentary about D Pahnke
Anyone else freaking over revealing that there is a secret scene being filmed today for #NCIS finale? Just me,? Ok, then.
just finished an 8 page paper in 2 hours
Happy Friday COLORADO! The Cinco De Mayo Celebration will be held this weekend @ Civic Center. Have fun!
How fun -- thank you for telling me!
My spring break doent start till sunday... Tests the monday after spring break are the worst punishment for having fun on break...
fakeness so ineffective
Maybe someone could fact-check Barnes' misinformation?
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
"we got all the stuff to mess all of you up"
Free Idea Friday: 3rd Party download services to connect to Google Drive or similar cloud service to store books, music, video, etc.
I'm gonna have to take your card! RT just the sight of black eyed peas makes me want to puke in my mouth a little
figured as much as there are some affects on it, but I'm not a historian so I didnt want to make a false statement. Thanks tho!
is it rude to bring glitter to a bar? what if the bar is in the castro?
Thank's! We will plan on posting it tomorrow on the "Helpful Information" page of our site.
now come on Will, you didn't want to see Ray and Ed retire?
Was it ever?! Fan-TASTIC.
Love this south park #Mormons?
Basically her dad admitted that he had ZERO remorse because the lives he took had NO VALUE to him.
Alchemist or bust
shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yam shimmy yay!!!!
PLZ ! Follow Back ! Like I Do !
Staying home! Lol the life of a momma remember! Lol!
hey asshole...pack an orange shirt and ur turf shoes...and other soccer related items...just in case...
IT'S SO CUTE OMG HIS FACE I QUIT
RT no better way to start my Sunday than a prickly pear margarita and Dos Caminos Rancheros! Thanks guys!!
Biggest challenge of 's job at #Facebook? Managing a creative team that is so passionate about personal projects!
nope, you're beautiful.
I'm not 'mad' bro, you're just annoying. There's a big difference.
Thanks dude! Huge # of hits today!
Watching The Biggest Loser with Viggle Tue | 8PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
my man, how's it been in Cali?
so are you on peoplestring yet??? get paid for what you do online already! www.sendittomeokay.com
my son appreciates you sending his football card back...but he kinda wishes you would have signed it.
Love is a strong word
they have 2 open spots
make sure u look for the girl with the green shirt on 106 princeton!!
Love doesnt need reason. It speaks from the irrational wisdom of the heart.
Complaining about your situation won't make it better. The question is, what are you going to do to change it?
That experience DID help me get a much better handle on Twittering, my RT !
I have to miss a TED talk by Antonio Damasio because I'm doing an experiment for the Brain and Creativity Institute
you bet! Let me know if you have any ?s!
thanks for organizing and hosting all of us!! :D now the long countdown to the fall begins... :(
Teh wife may be bringing home a #Prius shortly!
YOU ROCK! Best social media presentation this team has ever seen!! Great takeaways...and great insight!!
Happy Saturday! Stop in and give Katie and Dierdre high fives and chocolate! Eh? Ehhhh? Okay, well at least have a good weekend! <3
I'm very well besides my father fighting Cancer. How was your day & could I ask for a follow?
Kool Aid & Instrumentals
happy mothers day to all the pretty mommas out there! :)
RT : Certainty can be a cruel master over minds. Thought for the day
Smedley of : Between 2003 &2006, the combined costs of health inequalities & premature death were $1.24 trillion."
Farmers are tough! Most made it. Had my WG & quiche yum! Long shopping list Steady flow of people.
": My girlfriend is so beautiful!" Ill kill her, you're mines. You just don't know it yet. :) She must be real lucky.
11 days till I meet my Jersey Boys "mom" !
Brides Turning To Pinterest Say They Don&#39;t Need Wedding Planners
Aww, thanks! We'll see! ;-D
lol. Damn ! I thought you was closer .
They say I'm a cool guy but sometimes it get's to cold.
thanks! Sent a reply
cool. Go Salt Lake Valpak!!!
Didn't even notice that...
Wow! And a new logo too. I like the photo on the main page where Paul Edwards looks like a deity.
RT : happy birthday to my beautiful cousin, !
"Like Friday Night Footy in my hoodie I can high dive."
G-night sweet dreams.
Oh hello whiskey, I've missed you
It's amazing how seeing or remembering one thing can change your entire mood. Great.
Happy anniversary mom and dad!! #loveyou!!
Hungarian Sausage today! Highly reccomended. Double Chocolate Cherry Almond Brownies
Thank you!
Perspective is everything. I am a force seeking a goal. Anyone in my way will be taken down.
yep, i know about that deal. i also know that Twitter spammers are fucking assholes? did YOU know that?
I Diden't Know You And Leo Howard Where Friends Cool
Deuteronomy 10:18 "He defends the cause of the fatherless..."
in theory, sure, but I think you'd have to go to the high-end route to ensure no additives or impurities.
Listening to my raps again... thinking back to home fresh i was, to how dedicated i became.
what time r u at the woods?
I believe in miracles
omg. It was over 90 today. My car said it was 100 at 5pm.
It's all about mind setting. Indulge when having to think about these words "How much can I save this month! Wow"
Heading to Thomas Duncan opening tonight then LACMA tomorrow & LA Art Fair (contemporary fair in SM) Sunday for Warhol discussion.
Commitment is a pleasure when you find someone that's worth it.
I also wish I was in SD for the "Technologies of Migrant Memory and Movement" #csa12 panel. Curtis Marez presenting "Farm Worker Futurism"
happens to the best of us brother.
Debugging Wordpress issues seems to be right in my level of programming experience. I actually enjoy it (weird?)
Come join Jezebel Press and other awesome zinesters at the Zine Symposium @ PSU this weekend!
THIS YEAR IS IT BAYBEEEE
Tomorrow is the last day to drop off a non-perishable food item here at Southridge Apartments! The Food Bank appreciates anything you give.
Hehehe. It sounded gross before I started making it, but ChaCha told me to use oats since I didn't have bread crumbs!
Thanks for following us! It's about time :)
haha I missed this but happy #beachthursday ;) Man. #TTOT - we were never more productive.
best movie line "gonna need an endless supply of Xena tapes and Hot Pockets"!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Talking bad about the other parent to the children will usually backfire in court ... and in life.
Pills don't mix well with drunken love..
is eating my fat pussy as I tweet..... he is good doe #shocking lol
New details on mysterious #Plantation parking lot shooting. Find out why police call the case "very sketchy." See you at 6am
Awesome...this sucks. Never goong out with Kelly again
band camp is tiring
You've been on forever.
Mr. Weed: Peter, your fired! Peter: Aw! Damn it... for how long?
Ballroom dancing at the Elks - Wareham Week
Off to the dentist! :D <3
How small is your waist contest...send pics to enter ladies hour glass contest:-) G
Happy Friday!
and... She wanted to be our PRESIDENT. She isn't serving a second term.
You might argue how *necessary* it is, but, unlike turning off a Kindle in airplane mode, it isn't *meaningless.*
much appreciated follow..
"Boeing Boeing" performs tonight for Arts for the Summit. Ticket sales will be donated to support the arts in Summit County, CO
Out eating
If does not win a championship will he still be considered one of the best players to ever step foot on the court?
that nigga went in
I take it you had Brady on your fantasy team...
Wonderful venison dinner at the Tornado Room tonight. Why isn't venison more common at restaurants?
Wow I have never heard my brother say thank you too me(:
“: I followed u can u return the fav” #nowfollowing srry it took so long
You're welcome. Have a great week!
Damn. I was a Jr fan back in my So-Cal days. He was way too young to go.
aye man nice track
Havent heard it yet,bro
Hello painting season!
Ohh daang, well lemme go get me some popcorn, animal crackers, and gatorade cuz im up.. wassup with all these confessions tho
Paid my respects. All my loves goes out to the family
Someone text me 😁
there nothing?:0
How was your day everything going pretty good at work
Headed out to help Butler County We Are Ohio campaign with phone calls today. NO on Issue 2!!
we're gonna have a great handshake. Just you wait.
wait! What's going on? I'm sure that "im in" for whatever it is...Haha what is it?
Get ready for an insanity tomorrow night!
HAPPY 23rd BIRTHDAY TO MR. BREEZY<3
anytime, it's a pretty good track, right?
'He never, ever, not once gave me the indication that he was bigget than any story ... he saw himself as a simple person.'
A co-worker asked me if turkey burgers are beef. I quietly got up from my desk and excused myself
hii Eva, thanks babe..hope you find me interesting.....bye = ] x
There is no achievement without goals.
The king of curls there is no higher! " happy birthday !!! "
I can't believe what's about to come out of my mouth.
your welcome 😃
WE LIKE THEM GIRLS (dir. by ForrestFire101)
u not all the way right it might mean suck his jumbo D
Missing him bad!!!!
GAH! So sad. RIP Joe Simon.
dropped off suitcase, was in my place for 3 minutes, heading to bar now. Go #Caps!
It is time for the Holiday Weekend! Do you dress up your pet for Halloween?
Hello Friday! #FF Hope you have a GREAT Friday!
Hope everyone had a good holiday :)
He's hearing a case (this week or maybe next?) with regards to the NFL bounty stuff. I'd say he's keeping busy.
swim fast today, avon boys! you guys had an amazing prelims, so finish even stronger! go get 'em!
Saw a story on yahoo this morning that read "Grizzly bear charges shocked tourists". My reaction was to laugh. Is this okay?
Thank God for mundane course evaluations! Got to turn in my paper with everyone else! Phew...
how very pinteresting!
If the more complex use case is mobile -- as it could well be -- then it makes to start with that use case.
lol what u up too
Sat in my apartment while the brilliant took pictures for next year's brochure. I think it's cool you know that.
last night was mad real
ehh, that one was ok. I liked the other song better tho
“: Bo RT Looks like Browns miss out on Minnifield. Going to Washington.” That sucks!!
Beatle site's tweets getting a little too granular... RT The first sessions for Ringo's Old Wave LP began on this day in 1982.
I would have raged... not gonna lie.
Competition tomorrow, municipal auditorium, 1:00 ! Lets get it girls !
Double xp goes on until tomorrow.
the hatred has always been very intense.
Ok agents. Here's the game. Unscramble spy words to get the password to #CovertTU! First word: EGNTA
4 exquisite courses,2 glasses wine, port, champagne, DJ all night long, at exclusive NYE's bash -$100 person for FB -Twiter friends TODAY
#FollowFriday rocks. PS Can you follow me?
still not out over here, strangely enough.
Good morning kids! Hows everyone doing? good. me too.
We have a new sister in Jesus today.
Thanks for the shout out...
Happy Easter!!!!!
sad I couldn't make it ):
Brown spots on the wall by whoflung pu
cannot wait to see the finished product! what a fantastic concept.
Any hot / cool events this weekend? pet friendly ones are welcomed!
Back from Tampa. Had such a great learning experience.
oh I will!
People who are out of my league: everyone.
You're welcome! And you're even awesomer!
I have officially joined the iPhone club. Goodbye, Android. I hardly knew ye.
- heads up... just tweeted about the ITO event. please RT!
what a stud! Im proud of you lol we run against y'all 1 more time
thank you! this is great news!
Work with your coach on ways 2 network with recruiters&coaches. Always keep your #beRecruited page up 2 date & your grades up!
your site! We have a lot in common. Where do you live and do you do consultations?
Consumer protection for all not just the few .. Now what's wrong with that picture ?? Obama did the right thing
Getin head while the engine running
ohh thank you!(': you just seriously made my day(:
Thanks, we will!
it's all happening RT Cloverfield has arrived. Facebook apps and Radian6 are down.
look at my Miss West Virginia, looks like your having a blast! Miss you gf
You are welcome sweetheart! keep them coming.
RIM&#39;s Secret Weapon for Reviving BlackBerry: HTML5
#FF All of our actors. They have a lot more to talk about besides UnLEASHED!
#blackfriday anybody get some cool stuff??
Why are you not reading Dragonstorm instead? How do I get it into your hands?
Anyone know if the make Fine China Sporks?
my calculus teacher is such a douche that it makes me laugh
Small Bump is such an emotional song.
People who are meant to be together will always find their way back to each other. They might take detours in life, but they’re never lost.
Good morning world.
just be careful wearing an away teams jersey in Atlanta. You should catch a game in Boston if you can.
really ... no followback? damn
Thanks for the follow! I wish I could have made it out last night for the music.
Stuck on the bus in the Lincoln Tunnel
OpenStack: Moving From Inflection Point to Business as Usual
lovin that y'all on the twitter.
if you adidas god two stripes
are you available today ?
I'm not too happy right now! Times like this make me thankful that I'm not a mother just yet.
Looking for someone who wouldn't mind trashing their prom dress. Email me
just finished the magicians. found quentin VERY hard to like (and never got there), but the book was entertaining. thx!
he thought I was a virgin.. me of all people
#OkUPrettyBut how big it is?
that make up pallet must have been so expensive..
so, you've had your cat since you were, what, 5?
going to miss channis so freaking much.i think i'll be staying after school until the end of the year just to be with her before it's over.
Watching Larry clarks kids makes me feel pervy.
i heard vinny likes asian gurl aw how cute!!!!!!! :p
for me you'll always be 18, and beautiful, and dancing away with my heart <3
Good for you, Brian!
yes of course :)
Yes we are, Joanne! Bring on the Tweets!
Thanks Kyle! Working on any fun design projects today?
Still Julie... You know how difficult it is for you to hop off twitter (:
*hugs* its ok, one will fall from the clouds soon
You bet Malt. You didn't know? You and Joel just didn't feel it when you visited...
aw shit you opened a whole new can of worms... yea keep it up u gone be tweeting all night lol
Say she worth a couple grand. . .
No way “: Wanna see something amazing?? We will give you 23 straight minutes of news w/o commercials. Fox 25 News at 9.”
Crazy Friday night on
3 weeks bo!
My bags got searched by TSA. They finally caught the liquids I didn't put in a bag. LOL first time in 18 months! Boarding now!
If Gewnyth calls her website "Goop" then we really don't want to know what she calls that thing being draped around her shoulders.
WELL WHAT THE HELL AM I LUNCH MEAT...GEESHHHH SMH
DVR alert: two great basketball pieces tonight. '91/'92 Duke Basketball on TruTV and Magic Johnson's 'the announcement' on ESPN.
hey you should follow !
we are ??? I thought we had one more day ?
haha, no, I didn't. But at least I know what it is!!
turing Don Black, and the Band of Bohemians Tony Castillo, keyboard Mark Kiser, drums In Orlando Florida
sure! transporting stuff back and forth all the time write Pick up in shop in the comment field on order, no ship will be charged
coming on the heels of a meeting between nat geo and reps of SHA, Aia, and saa, so may be positive. But yes, tread lightly
So we get breakdancing hot dogs, people dressed like spam, a marching band leading us out of the newsroom to the parking deck...
I have to work until five..
What videos are you guys watching? We like to stay up to date what is happening out there so share one!
Just announced our next hometown show on 11/18 in Murfreesboro, TN ! Who might be playing this show with us? Mystery......
Thanks for the
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 64
i purchased the hosting today for scanmanapp.com -- stay tuned! =]
Drinking Marstons Pedigree bitter in California. Eh it dont get better than this (said in Yorkshire accent)
#SupportStartUps in Las Vegas!!!
ustel'n n the name of music!Throw me a share! www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 thankz :) lets Blues out
Yep,"rest" sounds like a good idea. This loss took much out of me & one can escape via work for only so long. Thanks 4 asking
Where does one go to eat a wonderful meal in Nashville? Oh I know let's check this Spoon app I have! Lol I miss NYC :(
If a nigga know how 2 eat and sex you so amazing.. #marryhisass lmaooo. Shyt hard 2 find
that sucks, instead of flying I bet you'd rather be fishing
I had the same reaction when I saw him at Runyon.
writing is boooorinng. You know what isn't boring? Gambling at the new casino in town! Drinking beer!
A side effect of calling out a conservative is complete strangers taking it as an invitation to proselytize conservatism to me.
I was kidding boy don't kill yourself Haha jkay (:
Thanks Fox, for reminding me what I am watching on the upper right on my screen
Love your Twitter profile pic!
Is Chadma's resignation anything we need to worry about as far as major violations by the department?
I have long suspected that the only solution to OS inconsistency was complete and total militarization...
holy pumpkin face i just got stung by a bee!!
Stop it. Erin and I stood in the kitchen tonight and cried over it. Don't get me to crying again. The years are FLYING. Ouch.
Brandon shush. That's the secret of great men. Perhaps I should clarify...
thanks for the RT, tom! looking forward to your presentation(s)
Ok so I have two more days this week, five next, four after that, and then three, a half day, and an hour.
Very true.
TWO MINUTES
Thanks for the mention! Buy Now or Wait?
If I volunteer at a hospital, I don't just start CPR on people - I follow rules for non-staff. Should gov't be different?
Or maybe this is how Crystal keeps an eye on things...
The same thing happens to me!
Smith vs Quick is going to be an even better goalie matchup!
Have a great weekend!
I can't with the Soulja Boy hooks 😂
Oooos prolly should know correct spelling of my new car Cruze not Cruise :)
Thanks for the #FF. Mutual admiration. I know you are deeply committed to the success of your clients.
#Macbook plugged in but not charging. Switched power sources, restarted, updated software. Power cord <6 mos old. Any ideas?
What are the benefits of the dry oats?
What's your favorite place in Carmel/Fishers to take a class/learn something new? Let me know for a NORTH magazine story.
Have the participants at #CICDH read "Debates in the Digital Humanities" by Matthew K. Gold? I am currently powering through it!
I wish you went to Bethany :-/
session TNT Technology and TEAM #mtnata12 I always learn something new from "the girls"
Love that joined us for our PPS lobby meeting this afternoon. Great thoughts!
come to the #TacoBell location I tweeted. But I already ran out :(
Just me & you
there are serious players, too much brain power for me..I just play and meet, building network and learning
oh MY!
I'd love to "Like" your business FB pages - message me directly with the address and I'll add you. It's all about the connections! - Jess
how about you give us (twitter) the first and last 140 characters?
Rio Salado College is another of the fine community colleges in Maricopa County
Ah it was a set up!
Richard Marcinko makes Chuck Norris look like Pippy Longstocking
seriously. Those guys have mad skill and a screw loose.
I love my bed very much..down!
WE JUST LOVES US SOME WHOOPI I watch the View because of Whoopi! Thanks for being yourself!
After telling my out of town friends it was going to be "muggy" in LA, I had to reassure them they weren't going to be held at gunpoint.
T-18 days until 24!!! #MAY19THPLENTYSPARADISE S/O to we up bro!
Tonight10-mid as part of membership drive I'll join themighty & The Big Broadcast show featuring jazz&pop from the 20s&30s
Wow. Keep doing whatever you are doing.
Before you spend a lot of money on your SEM project, ensure that your website has the proper search engine optimization.
tweeting to ? So many past worlds colliding.
RT Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. ~ Rumi #quote #Happiness via
Going to test #csslint today. I started with #boilerplate. Let's see how messy I've made it since then.
lets get trippy mane
Celebrating my baby girl's birthday today.. She's 3!!! <3
Kinda loving this site... Perfect for parents, business owners, anyone really... W.goalforit.com
"If the world hates you, know that it has hated me before it hated you". (John 15:18)
Can't believe we had some snow fall already on Thursday!
Sweet! There's now a "Citation Manager" option under the "Send To" menu in Pubmed!
lunch looked terrific! He may have a future as a street vendor. :)
sounds like an awesome way to spend a long weekend :)
I should be sleeping lol
How was last night?
(sigh) one of these days that's gonna be me working those cameras :)
Looking forward to the #Agames RAF members, do you have you spot yet? Golf, Dart, Bocce,
If you think I wouldn't shoot a man dead for a chance to ref the puppy bowl, you've probably never spoken to me.
Indeed, thanks! Wrapping up already!
ah ok that's good. Basketball, Andy Griffith, good food, flight, etc
Beautiful day ... Here's to the joy and beauty that abound
Women's rights - to speak more than a man, a man the duty - to do more than a woman
Children of #Haiti was filmed from 2006-2010. The film follows the boys over the course of the 4-5 years.
Thanks!! I am soo excited for you to see them on your birthday!!! It will be awesome!!
okay..I will...but send the account again here...
They must bring in extra homeless along with extra hookers for sxsw.
Yes, I think Tx had to send that heat somewhere. Thank goodness for the 80 degree weather.
He's just being goofy 'cause he's already making French toast tomorrow - Alton Brown style, with custard! :-)
yeah i know what you mean, Id be asking like am I suppose to feel like this? And yeah, same response lol, so youre ok :)
lol on my phone all I saw was squares but on my text message it came over as all ?? Marks hm
Ra on sundays >
If he can get to 340 we might have something.... RT: Chris Carter intrigued me today. *Very* raw, but the potential is there
you better shape up cos I need a man, and my heart is set on you 💋
Shout out Keep going if you wanna be a DJ Put your dreams and goals to work!!
only 18 more days till we are in the same building as .... i dont think i can contain myself much longer! Xx
Yes!!!!!(: so click my follow botton(:
ohh lol so facebook is kinda boring too. i agree that twitter is much better. hbuu
Hahaha! Not true! Just a failure to communicate!!
RT : When your barber asks you half way through, "How does it look?", I guess you don't have any option other than saying, "Good!"
I'll be there -- looking forward to it!!
We've hired a public address announcer who lived in a cave. The perfect Orioles fan. Congratulations, - or whatever your name is.
I've been Words with Friendsed out for about a year or so now. Let me know when you get to that point, too.
m…if only the world had a social network for lesson planning…
I just sat on my balls and it hurt less than that #RedSox game. At least they won.
Recommend Rockography located in the village. Serves up sinful comfort food. Perfect spot 4 a “Cocktailing Brunch”. www.rockographycafe.com
Also, possible new show title: "The Transsexual Gaze" Or trans, or transgender - still thinking about it...
No, Find my iPhone is the only thing I was paying for
Welcome back students to the start of winter quarter!
Great news! We're almost done with the website upgrades. Also, member "Mlie-Redfield" turns 21 years old today! Happy birthday! ツ
#thingswecanallagreeon Dreading getting out of bed on a cold winter morning
MAD SHOUTS 2 DOBSON HIGH NWC RIDING WE YALL MAY 21st GOOD TIMES 2 B HAD BY ALL CUM OUT & REALIZE & RECONIZE R YOUTH . 1 Page Themes Page T
2 more accounting classes left!!
I got nothin. what about you? RT : has anybody ever been named onion?
your tweets are always so clever and I'm jealous.
Prettying ourselves up for tonight!! Can't wait!
yall some big ass kids
NAILED IT tonight at w/ us!!!
I randomly feel super lonely:/ I need a boyfriend, like seriously.
In the MF zone!
ABQ restos you won't find in L.A.: Mary & Tito's, Coyote Diner, Santiago's at base of tram, Perea's on Central
& Saturday that's why I said for u to come over sunday
Wow. I guess the day before a tournament is suppose to start is a good time to tell every1 its cancelled.
You know you are a #phd student when you mistakenly type "non-participant interviews" (instead of observations) and laugh at yourself
Some people come in ur life as blessings, and others come in ur life as lessons. As hard as it can be, I'm thankful 4 them all.
how long is the show running?
Wow Isiash Thomas got the " We decided to go in another direction from FIU" by the way isn't that a junior college?
Special K?!
no way!! That's awesome! I love her!
Cirqa is currently looking for experienced Android/iOS/web developers to work at our NYC location. If anyone is interested please message us
RT : If u really want something u got to work hard for it
If you have any questions for our panel of investors, Facebook(Facebook.com/thinkbigbaltimore) us or tweet us
... Says everyone who has never been to
I cannot believe Steve Jobs is dead.
Why the smiley face? ^-^
Thanks for following! Great blog too by the way.
I met her on Monday. So exciting!
Just finished Project Runway and couldn't be happier with the result.
Great idea! Please share how it gies!
I'm probably off too. No plans as of yet.
favorite performance so far?!!! :) I (Aria) think Keith. So does Grant....;)
Nate! Hi, I left for a year post graduation, got married. my wife goes to school here in HI. How are you these days?
Show us his douche-face. I must know the Great King Douche's smarmy visage.
I'm off 2 the park 2 draw! So loving days off!!
Derrick Rose for MVP
I case everyone hasn't seen our amazin signs and sign holders...we are back in the warehouse on lauretta until we move into our store again
We are always looking for a spanish speaking attorney for our Mesa office...
roger Gracie is p4p the best
I have all my board members for my nonprofit including my accountant. I just need an attorney. you game? scale it nationwide
Thats how my tiels are! If they cant see me its an issue! Ive been looking for a breeder or rescue here in MO but cant find 1.
Live Soccer this weekend, starting FRI at Noon with FRANCE vs. USA. on SAT at 9am enjoy ENGLAND vs. SPAIN!
I love ! It has done so many wonderful things for my life and I'm proud to be an !
I've heard of a five dollar milkshake, but a $3.50 orange juice!?
chained 2 sagging jeans I hope
And with that, I bid you good night all. Sleep well, dream big and may your dreams be filled with Maple trees! NITE!!
I hope that was a good WHOA & not a bad WHOA Lol!
Finally home
What's up? Have you checked out www.jaewanrocks.com?
Bet your bat-ridden belfries. Just got my Ultimate Edition.
thanks so much! :) hopefully you snagged the free download of it!
well you definitely got my attention using twitter! lol I will see you both and my phone IS charged lol
where you been hiding ?
It's raining in cincy but never under the union terminal dome! Go 2 Center!
I'd give him the photo I made of soldier field painted green and gold. Congrats on MVP
Making final preparations for heading out to the Big Apple in the morning... Do they still call it that?
Studying in the library for the first time! 3 Midterms tomorrow & I have to concentrate
Thanks for the follow!
hansberry and I were thinking about going out after he works
There's a link on that blog to the Twitter chat room -- you can see the interaction on it but tweets will go live on your profile.
Gentleman's Tip No. 954: If your girlfriend is vegetarian, respect it. If she isn't, make her bacon.
I find myself not caring about things I used to
Hello Monday. I'm wearing my awesome pants. Bring it on!
Jim > John that is all I am saying! Guy wants winners...
oh hey REMEMBER ME FROM THE TOUR IN NARNIA. good time with my friend the flying plattitpud<3
Hearing stories like that is what makes this worth it. Let us know what we can do better!
Tried moving your bug zapper over there around dusk?
When I type in any Apple product name in my iPhone, it auto capitalizes. Facebook, too. But not google. Hm.
happy early birthday to you too!!! And yea we should haha! So is yours the 21st then??
tonight is gonna be a good night :)
No idea it was your Birthday! Happy Birthday!
Finish this phrase by replying to this status. "A world without poverty..."
How is that a record when the #Kony video gets a million hits every hour
Minds are like parachutes — they only function when open. — Sir James Dewar
Enjoying my breakfast
Thank You Dirk..that was beautiful!!
Outstanding. We should meet for lunch someday in the next couple of weeks.
soon to be seen at #NFLDraft..."Coach Lombardi" selecting the Packers fifth...or sixth round pick...more good karma for
c'mon by. Well save you a patio seat!
Why is being fit so much more expensive than being obese...I swear it gets more expensive to buy healthy 😒
Happy Mother's Day! Hope you have a really good one. Your an amazing mom. Love you Pattie (:
That sneeze almost blew my lil mustache off.
merlinda's genes are in all of us. and in you.
Days like today, I wish I had a backpack instead of my huge purse
want to come see Pelleas at AVA with me tonight?
Overwhelmed & lonely doesn't even start to cover how the world seems tonight!
The "Heat" fans from Boston crew got chased up off twitter like the Radamans did Omar Epps and them....
We might not make it tonight afterall. Have to get this Pacers shirt printed!
Where is Santa clause?
New slogan for the GOP: "If you can't beat 'em, Santorum."
YOU RULE THE CHEESE WORLD.
New Data from Sortable Shows Canon Winning Consumer Camera War
Yes! Where do I check it out?
That sounds awesome! Thank you!!!
Excluding Dan Donegan who is your favorite guitarist all time?
there is far to go now. let's not waste a minute more of our lives.
Lol 😂😂RT : To each is own, I just prefer my man to have the body of a MAN and not an 8 year old boy.
I was going to go to bed...been a long day...and then I flipped on HBO to see Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan. Won't be going to bed now...
Doesn't surprise me. RT Kenzo, the rapper credited with inspiring the John Wall dance, was shot and killed in Louisville
You wanted to, you didn't... Get over it.
Facebook just gets creepier and creepier.
Not sure why he went Choate in that spot but he hasn't been using Choate as your typical LOOGY this season in general.
nope , just trifflin, she actually go state from state n fucks any n everyone that got mula lol
In case you didn't know, these tweets are provided by so you can follow me if you want to find out more about my exciting life.
PLEASE NOTICE ME IM YOUR BOSTON COVERGIRL ! I LOVE YOUU <333
"Unconscious influences are pervasive in our lives." -David Eagleman
I'm so tired it sucks
Registration for EMT today! I'm a bit excited :3 Youngin' is movin' up in da world (;
RT : After aggravating his hip injury last night Kendrick Perkins did not practice with Thunder today #Coachgivinghim2weeksoff lol
Drama! Drama! Drama! That's all you cause!!
Have a rockin day !
what a game!!
"#Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of #magic. Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it."
Man I swear I heard of someone firing a thru a cell phone over long distance. Anyone heard that?
thx ma!!! We see you out there!! Merci!
wow what an amazing event!
Yes! Mets win.
I just spent 30min "drawing" a cock out of emoticons for twitter, & now I'm told only iPhones can see it. What a waste of my life.
hahaha I'd rather be with you meeting Matt smith lol #imgonnamarryhim ❤❤❤
Happy Mother's Day to all of you fabulous ladies! Enjoy your day!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! <3 U!
is there really that much of a difference running 4.28 or 4.48? not a scout or anything but it doesn't seem much difference.
City Garden Montessori charter school leader supporting HB 1228 telling the story of her great small neighborhood school.
Just got out of a 4.5 hour master class with Hal Robinson at NWU. AMAZING!
Please welcome Oakland Raiders Head Coach Hue Coach to the A&A Celeb Advisory Board!
Is there a muscle in your body you can consciously relax right now?
So is gardening & criticizing Obama RT Please read that RT about Rush Limbaugh's program. Boycotting is considered terrorism
I had 2 pieces in your honor
OMG..so much drama for the 1st tribal council!!
Spending the night at the hospital.. guud they have MTV here so I can still support my ! 1 hour and 57 minutes left!
RT : better safe than sorry.Good call Capt! heard 30-40 mph winds up your way. (TY John, def better safe than sorry!)
We made rice krispies treats last night and now they are breakfast. #kiddolovinit. Need to save room for brunch.
Is it bad to use tanning lotions on tattoos??
RT : Happy Momma's Day urrrrrrbody!
RT : Make your mouth a means of grace today. Ephesians 4:29
LOve it!!! Nigella who?
Yup. Such is life.
Life isn't weird: it's just the people in it.
hahaha! Yeah, guess so! :)
Feed Me=Great Dubsteppin'
our record is a 46" northern on fly at Pym Island camp in north Ontario. Yeeha!
ha yeah I kinda know who you talkin bout
i hate when people dont practice before they try and record
love your attitude! no doubt, you'll go far!
I can't set the action on my jazz bass very low; I try but it is more stable w/ medium action. Playability is good though.
Ugh tired! Coffee is not helping me right now grrrr!
do I win for craziest travel story? ;-)
If u want 2 get an additional 20% off on clothes & shoes that r already marked down from its original price than City Gear is where it's at!
I'm in love with 😘 follow back please
Phineas and Pherb i dont know where you live but your summer has been over two years
But I can't help it that I'm just a fool. Always having my heart set on you.
mornin girl ;) whazzup with you today? xo
Havent really ate all day, but now im fuckin hungry! -.-
so, back to a GSM carrier, I take it?
#FF for a delightful conversation about #social #media strategies
Are you at the studios today? Haven't seen you in months!!
listening to bullshit talk from guy selling his screenplay to some girl @ la dolce vita
You're quite welcome brother!
Seek the lofty by reading, hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day.Thornton Wilder
hey love lol :)
