bahh no one barely talks to me on here anymore../:
In this season of gratitude, we are thankful for your friendship and support. May 2012 bring health and prosperity to all!
I'm sick and tired of people not knowing how to park. Lines are there for a reason. F*#king douche nozzles. Just aim.
Yeah, yeah. Mom will probably scold me for spending $$ on some carnations. :D
Its a sweatpants kinda day...
"Good is the enemy of great" Jim Collins!
Boyd and Gonnet set pace England's Gary Boyd and Frenchman Jean-Baptiste share the halfway lead in the Volvo China Open in Tianjin.
Extreme Workout
So follow my awesome friend yeah? Cool. Her 1000th follower will get a shoutout.
what's the use?
Can I volunteer to come over and watch you try and start it and laugh at you? That sounds like a lot more fun for me.
appreciate it. Too bad all the videos are so closeup to the ring I can't see all of it haha.
RT Nothing better than a game 7 overtime game! #StanleyCupPlayoffs One problem sir , our teams not Playing!!! Lol
Congratz to my brother for signing with lees mccrae today!
Gooodmorning friends! Happy Wednesday!
The parents of the Franklin teen charged with felony bomb scare tell me they're "very upset and ashamed," they apologize to the community.
If you always smell like a japanese fish market #thatsnotagoodlook \
These girls are super funny Teenage wisdom at its best
Doodle jump?
My #ShamrockShake brings all the boys to the gáirdín...ah, that is... yard....LOL!!
Was in class today and my teacher had their iTunes on the board and guess what song they had? What Makes You Beautiful!! :D
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant. -Horace
Sometimes I still need you.
Cougar Salute to our Armed Forces BBQ today at Fairchild. Let's raise a glass to all the soldiers, sailers and airmen
Just came back from potomac mills did the damn thing for my lil ones# priceless........
I need to go to bed.
GO GO YOU PSYCHO!
lol jerk. Lucky I love you :*
What happen?
Getting pumped for the acoustic set tomorrow at 3 kings tavern! Who's coming?!
Mekz Uno got beats!!! Good Quality for Hood prices!! get at him!!
Congrats to the new graduates & Best of luck in your future endeavors.
Will you think less of me for laughing at that video? :/
I just have one thing to say now, EFF YOU CALCULUS.
Thanks for the mention ! (that rhymes) =)
thanks, happy new year! How are things with you?
Insane heads up play by #Bills defense just may have saved the game for Buffalo. 1:45 to play...
I received a bottle of for valentines day, best girlfriend ever!
you shouldn't have gotten rid of the beard....
No way. I'll have to get that one
What's the over under on time it takes Sweaty Bruce to turn that creamsicle coat to deep burnt orange?
We thought the ruckus outside the office was #OOW11 related. Turns out #occupywallstreet was passing by.
Cant do none but learn from it
If you ever have an animal sprayed by a skunk, 1qt 3% hydrogen peroxide, 1/4 cup of baking soda, and a squirt or 2 of dish soap works great!
Battle bedroom boredom - try playful new approaches to sex.
waka flocka be having the best hookers in his videos
If i dose off, da money'll make a wake-up call...
my cab driver was like, "you don't look good" and I said, "shut up and take me rite aid" haha
Social Media is comprised of the human collective; a barometer of the group consciousness. We can change the world together! via
What the fuck did I just watch
the whole hook is about you dawg.
get off twitter ! & do your work ! x)
true - it is she that has put on the weight - but its isn't up to HIM 4 her to lose-what can HE do 2 support her
Snowing in #Nashville today, let the awful driving skills, road rage, and stand-still traffic begin!
or HRS March Madness Bracket pool? #UchHmm ?
things aren't better we're just feeling relieved temporarily. Politicians and corps can f this up again at anytime.
i wonder when blackberry will finally go under
RT : Living in the closet is a sad existence,I hope that Pres.Obama's legislation will help eradicate this scourge on our society!
Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall's onion recipes - The Guardian
#Liberating allows for the unfolding of potential and the courage to live differently.
I did not know that! Thank you for the tip! Will be in touch!
happy born day
me too:/
#badecisionsTuesday across America tonight. The voters, in their infinite wisdom, have spoken.
Who else is going to #arlis2012?
I need new pointe shoes. Mine are dead.
and the fact that it's a girl..makes it all the better & don't even get me started on the Fantastic
i need to stop talking to myself and make new friends.
I made chocolate chip oatmeal cookies for hubby today. He's been hinting for a week...
#140mtl and Tang! (by product of putting a man on the moon)
If you believe it is stolen, please contact 911. 311 can only take the request once the registration or inspection expires.
Looking to go green? Purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at your nearest select Albertsons!
Ugh my stomach hurts. :/
I have to miss graduation tho, my boo just getting so old. :(
I miss your dumb ass remarks about yourself that are blatantly for attention...fb isnt my thing anymore
Breaking news: Tupac's ghost arrested for agrevated haunting charges.
football and amazing food!?!? 2 favorite things in the world!
he needs to back off my woman.
Do you like him like him, or just Facebook like him?
im having nada xP
Good morning and happy cinco de mayo !
yo tweets speak the mind
I wonder when being Miss. Independent turned in2 so much stress & when comments like "you always come out on top" turn in2 added pressure.
nope just stated the awesomeness of my color, tho your guys is fine too :) haa
best show I've ever seen in my life. I want to see it a million times.
Bruh, there's no way that was a real probate. I'm over here in tears.
get the dumb beep first !
Bump 'N Grind
“: I Will Drop You So Quick & Forget We Ever Met” like me ?
no dallas that stinks! hey u do a great job in the videos - trust me i have seen the spectrum and u r quite good!
When I saw your tweet, I was hoping you were here. Looked around. Alas, it's just us in the twitterverse.
i love you
Since the "experts" realized photos get attn on social media, I feel I'm bombarded with photos
Out of Focus “: FOTF rep: "We've heard stories of..wonderful same-sex families" but says those are anomalies #COleg #CivilUnions”
Get Off My Internets ;) It fulfills my need for snark and keeps me aware of my own blogging.
Just left my bank's ATM. Is it normal to look at a large sum of cash and giggle thinking about all the trouble it can get you into?
Rondo been working on his shot...progress
...and we have Caprio, with the Hoyas up 74-57 and 21 seconds to go. I think it's safe to say the drought is over
If Hawaii is out, then backcountry camping in Yellowstone and/or Glacier NP! Or wait, maybe Grand Canyon... really any NP.
im sorry but i have to admit it, youre Beautiful! Ü
Bulls ALMOST had it!! Lebron's beard scared them away
of course
RT : #Chabad chassidim stay up the whole night learning #Torah tonight, exactly 3324 years ago tonight is when the #Jews crossed...
I had to thumbs down her on Pandora months ago
The average woman in the US is 5'3. I knew there was a reason why I always felt so tall around other girls - I'm 5'7. (Without heels)
Greyhound racing using the team from !
Great statement from of 'raising capital is just to be an accelerant'
Im down to my own tricks, You're my Favorite fix- artist vs. poet <3
is the bees kneea
do you happen to need anyone to work your merch table at The Hotel Cafe in October. I know a girl.... ;)
your welcome bro
Yes...young
Another show stopping du Soleil special performance @ #drupa - last one today @ 16:45 don't miss it
And im never leaving your side
if u dance to it send me a video of it. I'd love to see somebody get down to that track!
You go on Teen Wolf your amazing and I love you! <3 (:
messing up my hair all week :(
I've become obsessed
I don't know what to do ...
School is so important. Especially if you want to make a living in music, study hard. U'll be happy you did. Finish the school year strong.
'member a few months ago when I went on that tirade 'bout needin' a job with #SoftBenefits?! Well praise be I found me one, lol!
they are
Most certainly. We'll have a photo gallery up shortly afterward.
I hate you. No longer my friend
no to the steelers!
the new twitter picture is intense.
. U guys are the cutest, matching! :)
Forced to spend Easter with my family... How great?
i was your 3000th follower (; meow
I am taking hits off this inhaler like a hyperventilating scuba diver.
whats been good tho playa when u gonna come get scum in the cool state?
RT : Want 2 make #Greek yogurt at home? Here's how. Thnx
Yes you screwed everything
Ignore haters: Congrats to your daughter, Tony! RT : did she get preferential treatment because of her skin pigment?
Just landed in Denver for my layover to LA and there is SNOW!! Do you think I have time to go play?
You're welcome. sorry I didn't have the answer you wanted
My Fat Butt Hungry Again Smh
Happy Mother's Day! Hope you have a memorable one :)
happy tuesday, doooods! (: is anyone else sick today? ):
- pass the baby powder they start to stick
Tomorrow I shall be in Jamaica. Sunday, I will emerge a tanned, ebony sistah ... in-law :)
love listening to Carrie and getting her point of view
every one tweet me please!!!
Viva Mexico!
"For a righteous man falls seven times, and rises again." [Proverbs 24:16] Bible
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL (: (:
Fuck females ain't on my too do list , my list its made up of three things MONEY ,FAMILY ,GOD! see if I can fit them females in my free time
That is the best username I've seen xD and will do!
*high five with a Powerbar chaser!*
I Love You.
Eating sushi from my late sis n law, April Joy's fav spot. I'm thankful for her life and the love she showed me on this side of the grave!
??? Hm....canary ballroom in nashville?
I watched 5 minutes of the first round. I hope you all are proud of me. I only did it because MW was passed out & would've asked me about it
haha I was gonna go the filtered water way but after today's findings, gonna try other things
Does your grandpas neighbor get wifi that you can hack? We can skype!
played for Erie Bayhawks and Reno Bighorns in
just got home got a long day tomorrow.
I totally agree.
No. 2 Lindenwood getting set to take on No. 3 Delaware. Faceoff in about 10 minutes
My iPod screen is cracked, like broken so now I have to raise $187+tax to get a new iPod touch -__-
Thinking about black and white photography...my new obsession.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
Hey-o That was hilarious!! You rock girl.
#Rochester we have a lot of animals available for #adoption and in need of loving homes! Stop in and visit the Verona st shelter today!
CSI M.I.yayo on deck
I think he listens to Billy Joel and Elton John.
Haha soon man missed you the otha weekend.. was gettin the hair worked fam.. still dealing wit this long hair shit...
no one tried, stupid if you ask me
Oh and after bitching them out about their shitty service they took $30 off our bill.
Ishikawa over aoki huh r? don't really get that one.
The knife cuts, the wound heals, but the scar remains...
It will rain on the day I move. It's a fact - 3/3. I could cure droughts...
Not only when they tweet!!
Lakers gonna bring it tonight
Ch. 11 Alabama spent less per inmate maybe due to the amount of servings
Last nights event was fire... we collaborated with some poets & created art...
So overwhelmed w/ emotion watching my students worship God in such a beautiful way So unworthy but still He loved me.
cant sit in this house anymore. need to get out.
Grape seed extract builds your immune system to strengthen you against all kinds of illnesses!
I'm sure he can girls that make paper beads to chat on Skype, DM an e-mail if you want contact info
See too many hot girls posting in #webdev? Use Google image search on their pic. Amazing how many names are used on same pic.
Matusz wasn't good at all AND we stranded 1,000 runners. I think they'll be better than last year but we're plagued by same issues
Congrats ! Former #badgers great. Enjoy this and get better soon!
We have a new server ready - vpn-ws9 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco
It's okay, I didn't want to bother you! I was also really concentrating on not vomiting out all my Robyn-inspired excitement.
: Online #poker has bipartisan support in Congress. The Payroll, Unemployment & Medicare Committee should back this!
Enjoying 's presentation "Push Past PowerPoint" for ASTD Cascadia Chapter
Allen, we are following you now, Thanks!
Ha! Cute! The story and apparently your butt.
Oh so wht wen was the last time u won the cup??????? U shud rly put a pic of u up I wanna see wht u look like ;)
A ticket for running a non-existent red light, another cop searching my car at 10 am, a dead battery in nomans land parking lot
Q1) Looking to engage my learners in ways they weren't expecting from their eLearning. And never mentioning Gamification once.
How can you love me one day and leave me the next?
I should of never did what I did 👿
Thanks for the follow and RT!
What was the main reason for leaving??
Now watching #taintedlovetuesdays at
~ thanks for makin the hike 2 th MKE!! bang a pot! boom! lookin forward to the NE event!!!
#NowPlaying: La Vie En Rose by
Plane's a good idea!
Awww today I'm gonna see my love my bestie aw :D
my boss doing it for second time at 60
The mind is full of pointless repetition. It has been estimated that 90 percent of the thoughts anyone thinks on a given day are the same
Yup, I appreciate it. I'm writing an article about long gone Pgh breweries. I'll shoot you an email this week. Thanks!
School, road lesson and now work.... I'm gunna die.
Check him out www.jamesgalea.com
Seems fishy.
It's interesting what can happen in 24 hours.
Strong riding! I'm envious.
Thank you for following!
I hate being ignored. :/
Um. You ok? Woof.
We need a model for tomorrows 12pm airbrush class. Please call us ASAP if you are avaliable to come. (248) 477-5548
At 9315 broadway waiting for case to perform
Anyway my homeboy just remind me of something very important to check out better go check that out ASAP
Maybe. Well def have more ladies :) gear though RT Please tell me you'll be stocking up on the ladies "CDP" tank
I'm wiped out as well!
spamming that vid all over this world XD
I will remember that, thanks.
Just bought my blackberry :)
sounds more like something mcdaniels would do...
If you love sensi star clap your hands!!
I am OBSESSED with your tropical mango probiotic machine!
I wanna see it! Send me a picture via FB msg or something haha
Stop taking pictures of food, we live in Alaska where a single tomato is $25.00
Wait, thats how it is in my life. Isn't that how your life is?
accidently presses button on niconico when watching a gero video... what I just do.. I love gero he's awesome..
I do what I can.
of course! thank you. :)
i just heard on cnn cable news that a us soldier died saving a childs life by geting in front of a armered vehicle hero
It's so hot outside!! I know kids still wearing sweat pants!
Had a great day with the fam, but so glad to be home. What to do next?
I'm good, a bit tired, and my eye is bruised for some reason, but I'm good.
you're on my bucketlist. Just thought you should know.
is this a distraction to the team? a la Charlie Weis last year.
How come the one time this summer it's rainy in Portland has to be during the perseids?
Instagram for Android released, now available at Google Play store
Omg that was the most over the top, amazing party I have ever been to!! Omg where is my self esteem
kiss my butt trey!
aw, congrats!
Moms getting lot of airtime in P/O...<Must admit the "stare down" by Cp3 son of Blake on PG was priceless...car comm coming?
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there.. You are appreciated EVERY day!! You're always there through the good and bad times.
The only reason Mitt "can't wrap it up" is because of the destructive naysaying of Kruiser types.
Sub. Again.
Inversion table = hands down best present I've ever gotten.
Have you seen Pootie Tang??!!
#NP milo and Otis - Friendly city And by NP I mean on repeat
Trying to get twitter to work...
Did you enjoy it?
*Whore* WHO SAID THAT???? RT if u hav done tht to somone when u pass em in the hallway :)
I am a natural caretaker and I am not frightened by a lot.
I just seen the preview for #TheAmazingSpriderman; I have 5 words, I HAVE TO SEE THAT.!
I feel so much more organized! RT : I always enjoy a morning coffee, chat and brainstorm with !
Agents dont like to apologize or explain why the homeowner didnt prepare the home for sale. Agents wont be back.
Rough day wana go home n curl up in bed :-(
YES! Rt “: Quote of the day: sometimes you just want to build a #Lego Death Star #bigbangtheory”
please follow me?:D
working on it now.
Why has twitter not figured out a way to block spammers yet? If they can find a way to do it you can find a way to stop it
On my way to #cwcon. Trying to remember what I've forgotten to pack.
RT : Laptop BIOS needs to add a mode in which the computer is off but the USB ports are able to charge a phone. -> +1 !!
Being stalked.....in alexandria....this is weird.....not random.
bye.see ya tomorrow.0_0'
I'm so excited to go shopping tomorrow yay :D
": #MEET a bitch #SKEET a bitch #DELETE a bitch" dats how the game goes....
GUESS WHAT!
OHH SHYTT! My Mama gone beat my ah when she see's my report card! #UHOH! :O
I hope I get taller at least a little
Will be in Austin next wk for ~24 hours, long enough for a Torchy's taco // 1 yr ago, I had pleasure to meet & in Austin
yup - I'm watching Pulp Fiction 4 the first time since I saw it in theaters and decided to go to film school that same day.
give me a min fone died...
The late night bus crew is INYERESTING...to say the least.
Yep i am eating a McRib.
Ikr i cant believe what all happened on it last night.
Sara's sister, big Kandinsky fan, was kind of let down when she saw it. Pretty technical, took away some of K's magic for her...
LOL. Well, I assume you're liberal and, therefore, assume that you claim you're tolerant
1 hour till my cuzzinz and auntz get here(:
Perkins limping off to the locker room could be a good sign for Dallas at least for a few moments, he is like a mosquito to them
Is anyone into Lee Fields? I am in love.
Listening to #Foreigner "that was yesterday." What ever happened to men who massaged the mic? And androgyny in general?
See you on the trails, robin.
LOLOLOL YOU HAVE NO PROOF. It was probably snippy? (;
and it's all LEGAL according to romney; insider trading is okay as long as you get away with it in the paper scramble & greedy lawyer chaos
That akward moment when you call someone you don't even know for one of your really good friends. Theres a first for everything xD
Journal of internal medicine: Surgical treatment of gastric carcinoma
#LessAmbitiousNovels How Stella Got the Clap Back
wiz sucks tygas trashy yet catchy wayne sucks minaj is garb
#WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe I keep it real
Hiya pals! We're talking bout the best and worst things we've done for our pets. Bet I know what your's is!
RT : Some of the most beautiful diamonds are the ones with the biggest flaws. Wear your imperfections with pride.
lol I like killing games haha
I want I want I want but that's crazy
Can I have a follow? Please and Thank You :)
13 tank tops left to be claimed.
Why compare yourself to others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you, than you. <3"
Whoever came up with the idea of "one size fits all" must of needed a good laugh.
I guess they have divided their fanbase with later releases...not gonna lie, I only listened to Reinventing Axl Rose.
You!! RT who are you excited to see ? >awww! That made me smile!
I hate when someone throws a wrench in a good plan
posting times and dates for hard rock cafe soon as i get all the info
so many people visiting the city this week. Particular reason?
hosting #SMW2012, looking forward to it!
Merry Xmas to all my followers... hope you enjoy the holiday...
Foreplay or intercourse?
Are you spending the weekend ? If so, lets talk about it and tag it. #LovePCBeach Let's do our part to keep visitors coming!!
my loves like a star..
black stone cherry is AWESOME!
facebook is down right now
I just finished a 2.85 mi run with a time of 32:48 with Nike+ GPS.
I'm so sorry if you ever wanna talk to me you can always DM me
Obama, let's not wait for another 9/11 to occur, let's unite now and get this country moving once again. The clock is ticking let's go
I meant Sundy*
Haha oh, he's still around :)
so proud of , the High School Musical team just made him a star!
#RudeBoy will always be one of my favorite songs <3
um twitter i know my tweet was posted thats why i hit the tweet button
Happy Valentines Day :)
can take home pub exclusive beers for cheap that aren't carried in bottles.
I love slurpee's !!
#MahoneOnEllen dropped to #3 on the trending topics in the US! keep tweeting Mahomies :]
no cooking today for me.....sandwich or a bowl of cereal on today's dinner menu..lol
#IGetJealousOf people who get to meet Cody.
I'm really moody today.
Tweeting from 35000 feet, thanks for the free wifi VirginAmerica
thanks, I think I will need all the luck I can get
Planning out my shotlist and concept for -"The Question" #BehindTheBeat Pt.2 w/ . . . Stay Tuned!
Yes. Should be up by Wednesday!
“I have decided to catch a Heffalump.”
-- I don't recommend owners to dump GOOD players, like Martinez.
As I was reading this my son came up to tell me he was going to McD's for a shake. HA! Now we're gettin smoothies!! THX!!
thanks Casey, happy Easter!
Listening to super bass on the radio #LoveIt :)
People starting to piss me off left & right.
I got in the car & she was like "im not mad, just you shoulda told me you were leaving." SHE WOULDA LET ME STAYED .
141 cappers with their plays posted Sat. and 5 Bowl cons. and 2 NFL on Dallas & Over all posted to view FREE...Happy Bowling
sad, but also a little proud of #gertie for finally doing more than barking.
Yes, like where the best surf breaks are that's really the most important question, right?
That was amazing! When do you hold auditions?! I have a prospect for you...
my eyes hurt, that shit was nasty -.-
This one was hard to find I took it out of my book. It'll be cool though. If you ever need help w/monologues let me know!
Open to serve you with 4 shopping days left until XMAS. Everything in the bookstore on SALE 10-20% OFF. Dbl Punch Drink: Gingerbread Latte
3 couture jobs in office today! That's a record for us. There was some serious excitement.
RT: Hey #AmericanU! We'll be following the ceremonies & retweeting our fav photos all weekend Don't forget to use
I have everything unlocked.
It's What Would You Do Wednesday on the blog at www.knowledgesafari.com. Can u help answer the ?
Wow im really feeling the love
Goodnight guys!
alrityy me and chelsea looked nickroux up on googlee and we have decided he has brown hair.!! lol (:
Be thou the first true merit to befriend, his praise is lost who stays till all commend.
Dillon's 5th Birthday party with the fam is done. The kid is rich in Toy Story swag!
Rainy Sunday
got a workout from french braiding my hair
Agreed, but for me it's graham crackers and milk.
if yall want to follow you then follow my by and retweet this
Exclusive: Woman claims San Diego City Lifeguard services discriminates, jury agrees.
you can't spell Crazy without az
Chillin rite now
About to upload pictures of all the doodling I do in Physical Science and Human Growth.
Could not agree more. RT : My #FF goes to - if you live/work/visit DC they are a must follow!
Time for some netflix!:D
Um I can. And Im not.
And all goes silent
Black girls are starting to get boring to me...lol
RT : From 1991-2010, Wisconsin’s average rank in terms of job creation was 21st. Under Gov. Walker we ranked 50th.
Woke up late shower then school
Thanks to everyone that came out to Event last-night. It was a packed house by 10:40.
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere. -- Chinese Proverb
'The greed of Wall Street broke Main Street' - quote from tonight's #Frontline special
Listen to your audience and thank them for helpful suggestions and tips. Being personable can go much farther than knowing all the answers.
Happy Fourth!!!!! :D
thanks for sharing- I love the PS 22 chorus!
word? ....no..tell me more..tell me more!
I miss you twitter! I will never ever ever let you be left behind cuz of stupid school! Alright time for tumblr
Done with the semester! Ready to move in our new house with
I been out of HS 11yrs now but I held up well. I could still pull a young bitch
#NP Andrae Crouch Let the Church Say Amen
The New Black Project: Coming Soon. Sooner if my hard drive hadn't crashed. It's all good. That's what Red Bulls are for.
It's 1:15 and the next sess n is about to begin. If you want to talk to me afterward, I'm wearing a WordCampNYC tshirt.
Lets get these outs
agreed. crazies will be crazies!
Had a nice lunch out with and - now back at the work!
#CNN confirms from the San Diego Chargers that former NFL player Junior Seau has died.
At least the loud phone conversation on train preventing a nap is a civil, positive conversation between friends.
This weekend in college basketball Duke is upset by Virginia Tech 60 - 64
Heading to public house. Hope I see
It's supposed to go down to 28 degrees tonight! Are we serious?!?!
Had a great time at the shoot last night! Everyone who came out killed it =P Can't wait to see everyone again this summer on warped tour!
thank you so much for ur follow shout out and the love!!!!
Hey Doug, I loved your Awl piece on copyediting the copyeditors, even just tweeted it today. Great stuff!
me and will be leaderss for california<3
#MaddenNFL13 Fan Reaction Will React Accurately To In-Game Situations
can't decide if she just heard gunshots or fireworks. Hmm.
Fun open mic in Anderson last night. Thanks Nick. Also Scott from helped me out and was on fire.
Watching my coworkers sing their hearts out at Cactus Club. Awesome!
GenomeWeb: Baylor clinical exome sequencing program will move from paper to web-based reports tailored to physicians/patients in future
CBEADLES FACT: Christian had a fetish for shoes:O he has over 100 pairs of shoes
It's hard to let someone that important go.
Can't wait for #Patriots domination tomorrow and to see Drew on the sideline! I'm planning a watch party, so if anyone's interested- holler!
what are the odds k. Wright falls to #browns at 22?
First day of the new semester! It was awesome, so far I'm loving my classes. But sadly in PE we have to run a mile tomorrow... ew.
R both Weeks brothers hurt now???
i did have your pencil >:)
Goodnight Ian.
awhhh look at Brandon being sweet. ((:
Forever settling the age old debate of what came first, "man vs. bunyaan".
Y do u hustle 4 big money when 1/2 the time u in jail & can't make nor spend that BIG money
Ohmygod crazy bitches. Like seriously.
Getting ready to interview a client for a case study. Journalism hat is on!
My first time out of PA! 1 state down, 3 to go till we arrive in Charlotte!
it was such a great wedding!!!
“Confidence comes not from always being right, but from not fearing to be wrong.” <3
Yea I tweet
And now we're on twitter..
Node Hawk Down
follow me please i love you so much <3 <3
City workers arrested in alleged drug scheme involving prison inmates
Have one #Soccer best bet and added a bonus Parlay that we are risking less on,with over 80 games today there is value
Loved it! So much better than Coke and Pepsi.
I'm in a good mood today. Must be all the new swag and the fact that I get to chill with some awesome people tonight.
I'm bringing all the drama.
“: The only person I love at the moment is for bringing me food. Thanks :3 <3” ---Aawwwww!
Its so addictive, but wonderful!
Thanks Love!! (:
Happy Leap Day! So, is it true that anything that happens today, didn't? ;)
Had 3 amazing sessions this week. So much fun that I don't want to see another camera for a few days. Sample unedited pic here...
I laughed, both because what he said was true, and because IT IS SO OZZIE.
Thanks (: I hope you have a wonderful week, and everything goes as you plan!!!:D I love you Austin #MahomieTillTheEnd <111
AUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND MAKE MYDREQAM COME TRUE
At work. I hate the snow
I will try that next time i see something cute on karmaloop. Thanks!
Ok so no ones texting back -.- everyone Hates me
The most humiliating way to slap someone is with a handful of butterscotch and confetti.
Weak crowd at citibank field.
Savings Tip - Plug home electronics into power strips and turn power strips off when not in use
One can count on one hand how many Bachelor and Bachelorette couples are still together. These shows are a joke, but fun to watch!
Pilar Tobias sent you an invitation to connect on Plaxo on December 18th. That invitation will expire soon! Follow this link to accept Pil
stadium steps with me tomorrow?
You were the last good thing about this part of town
Well at least you have something going for you
y'all are bad... In a good way
Both are lacking. We have a DVD player and are watching The Fighter. I'm watching Family Guy on my iPad
Sorry I went full retard on my first response. Got mine about 30 mins ago.
That's the spirit!
Love the new digs but was sad Al was a touch too Vegas revue for me
RDJ making the interview rounds today- LOVE
He Bein Mean
Went to bed early because I was acting like I was Cotto and lost the fight. Was so upset..
Goodnight folks! Got myself an early start tomorrow. Sweet dreams!!
The Red Sox first win of the season is against the Yankees. Damn, that made my day!
OUR GIFT TO YOU: Receive a $10, $20 or $30 gift card with purchase over $50 this weekend only! See Terms and Conditions for details.
Thank you. We always have fun :)
be your self! DONT change for NOBODY!
Mother, mother #Ocean, I have heard your call. Wanted to sail upon your waters since I was 3ft tall. You've seen it all, you've seen it all.
Bachman says she will not negotiate w/ new Taliban office in Qutar. Staff reminded her she ain't shit and to shut the hell up.
The search for truth is more precious than its possession ~AE
Varsity banquet dinner with & Abe.... Lmao
cause your friends look good, but you look better (;
I might have a potential conflict, but I'm planning on attending.
Happy Earth Day!
So the answer to saving our kids and stopping terrorism is to stop adults from playing a game online. lol What a joke!
Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.-Mark Twain
Hey! I resent that! I'm totally approachable. RT : If you encounter... any wildlife, please do not approach or disturb.
#10factsaboutme 3.I'm gay but so is 50 percent of football players, they just dont come out
I am a fan of Katy Perry.....chick is dope
We wish every mother a very Happy Mother's Day! Hope all you awesome moms are enjoying yourselves!
RIGHT!!!?? Hah ~ I just got some super exciting news so was feeling all inspirational! LOL Have a great one!
Segregated without food and light during their period, Nepali women rebel ...
However lots of ways there may be of being alive, it is certain that there are vastly more procedures of being dead, or instead not alive.
it has to smell 100,000 times better !!
One fish, two fish, wanna be a big fish? Then don't sell off your retirement. Build your alarm company with SS&Si Dealer Network. Build RMR!
One of the best compliments I get, "you have a great handshake"
My son will be home from University in about 5 hours, not that I am counting....
Allstate as the big winner next year??
going to Miami this wknd, weather = sun and clouds, highs mid 80s, lows in the mid 70s. Ah... now to re-focus on work for 1.5 more days.
welcome to twitter!
I'm apart of a magazine
hahaa click on connect and in the little bar on the top you can search for people(:
I spent 30 minutes doing Elliptical - 560. 560 calories burned.
My mom was Dancing to dubstep earlier .. Funniest thing EVA.
Chime in w your observations on changing customer behaviors
If you're HRCI certified, join me at LINKEDIN group to post HRCI credit opportunities or see what's there. NO job postings or requests.
WELL SOMEBODY KILL IT ALREADY
o and one more thing what did u do what u said u will do if u met Alex???
I wanna be #teamIPhone i think..
lazy day
Well, if you look at it that way, time travel into the past is... sort of theoretically possible.
Finished painting my ceiling my mother better like it. Because I am tired of sitting here. SOBER, nonetheless.
Read the blog. U'll learn sumthng new re Reps still respect work of the clergy, yes? Happy Eastr.
that trailer was crazy. Thanks for playing Atmosphere before, made my commute this morning :D
When I was in LA last semester, everyone was bending over to get raped by finals, and I too wanted in on that fun. But I don't have finals.
Sitting on the train and just heard someone's phone go: "You've got mail!" -- Are you kidding me? AOHeller.
ha I worked at 5am.
quote: "I'd go to Red Lobster for some gluten free cheesy biscuits. That may be the most biracial thing I've ever said"
or magnolia so i know. ;)
Thanks for following - our first 3 soaps we are creating are Citrus, Lavender and Peppermint. Can't wait to kick this off!
We're all like weird creatures who stay in and come out and have all these arms and legs.
hey, can I have a free pizza?
RT : Yay for 1300. Hubby and I adore you.
toes numb. but its snowing. i guess its worth it.
Dat chug tower
I think there was a mistake. It says here, there can be happy endings
Jerry Rice continues to seek treatment in retirement and found it extra helpful during his "Dancing with the Stars" competition.
where is my puppy? Cuz I been waitin since last summer honey lol
Chillin' at school--Spanish class(: I can't believe the school year is almost done! Only 15 more days!(:
": you're dumb" i am smart enough to know that already.
Home from Pittsburgh. I think my cat, Maubi, has eaten the other cats...she must be up to 25 lbs, 8 lbs. more than my daughter...save us.
Fifty largest state and local law enforcement agencies the largest state is New York (NY) Police 36,118
This Kony shit is insane, modern day Hitler
GO EAGLES!!
So....who wants to buy me Mass Effect 3 for my birthday?
Had my rueda dance class this evening. It was so much fun. It's similar to salsa, but with a twist.
nom nom, what did we get?
Does that come in another color?!
Volumes 17 & 18 still scheduled to ship to artists and mailing list Mid-June! Stay tuned.
ew I hate the dentist. Wanna go for me?!
Nickel and diming are such typical Chicago slang, I am that our Havard grad president can't speak better english off the teleprompter.
Thanks for heads up.
Huge crash on Hutch by exit 2 - so many emergency vehicles
I'm glad i'm not doing naplan, got a year to practice for it though..
Everyday we make it, we'll make it the best we can- jack daniel's
OMG. YOU ARE AMAZING. WOW.
New client list :D
Depending On What You Get & Where
thanks Red!!! Xxoo
#FF have a sweet Friday boys :)
can i have some lol !!!!
It blows my mind when an ENGLISH MAJOR cannot spell correctly!! How is that possible?? And you want to be a teacher?? HOW?
‘Valuing a business is part art and part science.’ ~Warren Buffett
#ufconfox fool... Turning it back and forth to
what is it???? follow my new twittr
you have snow while we roast in the sun in southern California. I thought Fall was supposed to be chillier.
If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you. She is the one.
I need to start running again
Just checked the fantasy baseball standings and it looks like I'm in first again?! I think we need another jorts bet...
Mom's song!
where are you?
"Learn From Yesterday, Live For Today, Hope For Tomorrow."
so am i lol
★ Contact us for your next Corporate Event, Private Event, Wedding or Bar/Bat MItzvah ★
Several weeks ago, 1 of my wndrful librarian RSS feeds gave listed sites that create better charts than .xls Anyone remember that link?
Time for bed.
Congrats to the amazing cast of Can I Really Date A Guy Who Wears A Yarmulke! Well done y'all!
fully agree, man. Even if it is solely a 2. Need defense this offseason. Would give #Packers 4 of top 100 in the
is coming too?
Getting ready to volunteer at ForKids Art Auction tonight in Norfolk
When folks say "Springs" does that include Manitou? Or are they referring just to Co Springs?
This template is inadequate to my needs.
RT : here in #Orlando at #nasstrac just announced - record breaking attendance. Should be a good couple days.
Just passed house ✌
Starting with Step 1 of the #SmartChart goal, mission and objectives
this. Get on that.
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves. Mahatma Gandhi
Ok I just followed hella people back sorry so late just dnt be on twitter much.
this couldn't be more true. RT: If people could hear the next five seconds after I hit "end" on a call, I would have no friends.
Now Rep. Benson is attacking gambling expansion in Vikings stadium.
Gonna be dopes up on pain killers and orajel for the next couple of days hopes its not a cavity never had one before :(
Marry Ann's fajitas >>>>
#jealoushands RT : this record is unbelievable
It's hard to believe how such a loud noise can come out of such a small baby #LoudFarts!!!
haha, watching the vow in a few mins.
fun time - Thank you :)
got evaluated today, little more serious than they thought. Titanium plate, screws for 4-6 weeks. Surgery Friday morning
Tomorrow and I are premiering our movie 'We Are Broken'!!! 6 months of hard work all leading up to this day!!!
Thanks for the retweet Dave!
going to see #TheAvengers!! :D
A laff trac? In this day and age? #aytv?im,c
****NEW*** HOODIES & CREW NECKS AVAILABLE NOW!!!!
Ohh ohh Ohh nd i #PrayForJapan i just cant sleep 2nite knowing the things aint right its in the papers its on the tv its everywhere tht i go
Alone time IS great.. I literally am NEVER alone! Haha
Saving trees and teaching manners in style! Your child will love these napkins from Fabkins and you will love the price! Only $11 from...
when you look up a venue it shows you who is there.
I've been thinking some about your "missionary" comment. I come from a long line of missionaries. Judge if you want. +
Working on #saa11 #s408 pres on Collections Access Project. I guarantee title slide alone will be worth cost the of admission.
RT Chinese baby flesh capsules seized in S. Korea? What sucks is American companies are never going to be able to compete on price
(That RT is deliciously partial, of course, but it's just to remind us: baseball is nigh!)
Pretty sure that french fries and an oreo mcflurry for lunch is only acceptable bc I'm prego.
Hitting this chick up be the best decision today... #Prom ?
Awesome. We leave on Saturday evening. I'm too excited. Naomi is going to go dark when she meets a real princess!
hit up she does email blasts to djs might be able to get u on the radio!!!
amazing day in St. Augustine for Regionals with Lisa Kostka! She is such a amazing mentor for Motives!!
why don't you shut up about it!!!
i can go for hours about that subject lol
Here we go...
Belle was here iloveyousarah ! ; So tell me darling do you wish we'd fall in love <33
hello bro. Miss you!:)
Headed to for Taco Tuesday soon!
i love you rather your number one, or number one million one. you're always number one in my book !
Today feels like a Sgt Pepper day
My pleasure!
ah. We WILL be there. Haha
: I know but bored beyond so dressed makeup on & in my parked car deciding wth to do
follow me back I was the singer sendin u the songs on fb
Another great reason to use LED bulbs there is no Infrared (IR) or Ultraviolet (UV) output, so no harmful radiation to the human body!!
Marc Bousquet talking at #2011ASA about "headless schools," teacher-run public schools.
Lincoln bound.
Arrived in Oxford Junction, Iowa. Sleeping @ community center 2night. Video update will b uploaded when i have wifi.
#PSN is going back on in wensday!:)
It's lovely!
A watched paper is never delivered.
Fuck everything anyone can take from me.
VIDEO WORLD WIDE!!!!!
Blessed weekend everyone..
can't take this anymore.
What a way to end the week! Not only is today #Fridaythe13th, it's also National Kiss Day. Lend a smooch to your superstitious pups!
great coverage of the game thanks
- Weigh your option.. just NEVER forget about the bacon again.
Loved part 1 of Breaking Dawn felt so inspired
aw :) eleanor, you are so gorgeous!
you're welcome! ;) it's because you're an awesomely grounded person!
Stila waterproof smudge sticks are the best liner they glide on with no tugging or pulling! Love love love it they come in so many colors .
WHAT THE HELL
You'd better be hungry, Beaverton! We're setting up shop until 2:30PM. Hope you like your tamales hot!
Happy Thanksgiving
I can't sleep. Had to take Mother-in-law to the airport at 4am and work starts in morning time today, running on coffee now.
the trick with indie music comes in when one defines indie either as a style of music or in major/minor label/licensing terms...
I took 12 pages of notes at my committee meeting! Now I have to read that Minutes-writing book to format them.
No matter what I will always find the strength.
RT : Hey guys- just got the inside scoop: Artopia tickets are $12 until noon, otherwise they are $20 at the door.
RT : JUST ANNOUNCED pt 3: Presents Simmer Down Sunday 5/27 (free late show) • Brandon James & The Middle City...
cool, where at?
#Merchant_Services Every small non profit today has to fight for their share of the donation dollar. There is another way...
Nintendo 3ds spot pass is awesome! Some people make some weird miis... technology
Oh of course. If those are along the same lines, I may be interested in reading them, though. I say old, yet LOTR is like 70 now.:)
well said!!
MT : 1st black president-Health care reform-DADT-Bin Laden-DOMA- Equal pay-Same-sex marriage endorsement. Best prez, ever?!
Wrapping party with the Luvvers for our two families
I gotta go to the store before work
I'm so glad! Yoga can really work wonders for body soul and mind!
just start with #vivalastool and you will be all good
The only consistent thing in life is Change. Why is this hard to understand?
i will always be in love with you.
lol tosa is too. You ask me the whole city of milwaukee prejudice. Statistics prove that. Milwaukee the most segergratedcity
Guh, who wants to cook on Sundays? Take it easy and order something tasty, like our infamous Sybil's Breakdown pizza. Its
wow... Not gonna make any friends that way. Hahahaha keep doing work all day son!!! We see you!!
OMG INSTANT FOLLOW what's his twit name?
i been writing since, 11:40 till now..still ain't ate..
Congrats to the 8 Nat'l TLMeet quarter finalists! Wallace side: U. of Washington, UPenn, Villanova, Northwestern!
I am officially done with Keke Palmer. Lol
age-old tech just became easier. I make an account under anyone's name, write things online, thus tarnish their rep
When is online & 51.6k fans are trying to get a follow from him…….… yea I have NOCHANCE of a follow back :'c
Oh my god, Rebecca Black wants too duet with Justin Bieber. Perhaps she doesn't know that Justin made fun of her "Friday" song, hahah..
Election Day is November 2, 2010 this year - Vote 2DC on FriskyRadio,12pm EST,5pm GMT,9am PST - Anything else would be Uncivilized...BOOM!!!
Who's the guy with you?
Today, Dean reads the SagePresence book for the first time after being turned by the editor. Excited! Will report.
Me, you and Jon should chill on Friday!
I Love you too <3
Totally understandable. Will do!
I wish. Lunch is over &I missed my opportunity. If I get one on the way home, it will be too late & I'll be up all night.:(
Seeing so many 'American Craft Beer Week (2012)' badges earned !
hey babygirl hope things are ok miss u
Well that was a fail.. Lol
Just made grilled salmon w/steamed veggies, only to discover that my dinner for two has now turned into dinner for one. Hmm....
I hope so.
is this the New Zealand project?
watching tree of life...what. a. downer. shesh
I want to Thank God for this beautiful day and delicious lunch...oh wait, I thought this was Facebook
thanks for following! Be sure to also follow too!
Why should your customers buy from you? What do you do better than your competition? Is it just price? Tell them why and do it quickly
OMG, hilarious!
I do! Party like it's 2000
We've always believed in taking care of customers the way we would want to be served. 678-653-5425
yeaa my mentions are dead.
dope! Go Bills! RT Just found out I'll be a buffalo bill
um, is this THE tom cummings? :)
hah funny you say that im only 17 here and i walk like one lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RAY RAY!!! <3
/// Lol.....Wade always blows the game.
Coyotes get your mind right.
Awww Austin!!! You were soo cute!!:) well you still are!;)
Though he has both Arizona and Colorado in "The Next Four Out" so that doesn't make any sense...
Dayyam!!! Bieber is bad luck!
Great talk on how to use Facebook in targeting your sales audience www.BMCTalkShow.com
middle school relationships
WANT HEALTHIER, LONGER HAIR? VISIT WWW.COMPLETELENGTH.COM
Today's #hbrchat sounds fab. Wish I had time to participate!
OK, that is the first time I've smiled -- and laughed -- TONIGHT. Thanks, Bobby!
Enjoyed the Good Word & seeing so many familiar faces at my childhood Church Anniversary today. It was like a Family Reunion!
#iRememberWhen i used to love being on the phone 24/7
8) Believe in yourself. - Donald Trump’s rules of success. Rule #9 coming in 4 hours.
“Give, and it shall be given to you. For whatever measure you deal out to others, it will be dealt to you in return.”
Look for the girl with a broken smile.
Rays use infield shift successfully on Peralta, even with runners on first and second.
yep. Line moving slowly
Love driving around with
Charismatic snakes.
R u comin
RT : #Excited! No better way to watch #TheHungerGames than in luxury!
How was your day?(:
Indeed! ": My 3-yr-old sings her own cover of #Seal's "I Have Been Waiting For You." She's pretty good."
Well right now I am watching him sing Neyo So Sick.. Back in 2007 :') I am soo proud
Give thanks to God for the small things so that you can appreciate the big things
Great show today Stan!
Did you know the average women smiles 62 times a day?
Thanks for following me back. I would like to learn how to be act someday. <3<3<3<3
I just finished a 3.10 mi run with a time of 34:26 with Nike+ GPS.
I'm not allowed to get an industrial piercing.. #sad lol
I'm watching tv, and my DAD just stands right in front of the tv to ask me what I want for dinner. JUST MOVE AND GET ME SOME FOOD.
Happy Milf's Day!
My pockets are the only things bigger than my ego.
just read this on Facebook. 2.01? Dude that is motoring!
Can someone explain to me what a day off is? RT : QD: What do chefs do their days off?
Peyton did you like our poster we made for you !?<21(:
alrighty! i'll check him out and try to work something out! :)
Startupism 2012 was off the hook -- cheers to for making it happen!
Tell a baby to talk to the hand.
Mortgage Rates Recover Appreciably From Yesterday's Weakness
I think Im back...lol, at least for now...lol
On my remote, the Previous Channel button is located too close to the Alyssa Milano Uses Wen Haircare button.
Haha!!! your nickname is soon to come. RT : pee we!!!!!
I'm definitely on a rollercoaster right now...good thing I like surprises :)
Baby kittens do the cutest shit :3
Floyd Mayweather caries around a duffle bag with a million bucks in it at all times
Jason derulo is only 21 ... :O wow.
THIS SUNDAY BE THERE !!!!! Location: Front of trophy club Time: 7:45pm sunday the 18th Description: Holiday FLASH MOB
thanks for the rt
Hey there sugar face!!
add me on natskey
Thanks for the #ff !
Righton! Come up and say hey. I think its 8pm at the Living Room on Ludlow in NYC!
An Kendrick Perkins ninja kicked d wade
CorpPersonhood: "It's neither male nor female, doesn't breathe or eat, cant be enslaved, cant give birth, can live forever.." Thomm Hartman
Sonny's for Breakfast! YaY!
Hawks tix. 10th row. Yeah buddy.
At the hospital with my sister in law waiting for my nephew to come out
I just feel like I'm about to go insane.
Master your mindset and you will master your life!
haha its okay, thanks!:)
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today, 11/1/11 from 10am-2pm at UC Riverside's Rivera Library Walkway
Thanks! See you there. RT : The lineup of speakers for #WebAfternoon is nothing short of freakin' impressive. Kudos !
We love you guys. We already want you to come back for the fall planting season!
Don't have Amy's number, sorry. :(
I don't know if all five will see consistent action; I am guessing Redman and Rainey will get most of the work.
I WANT WINS!
LOL WONDERING AROUND IN THE DARK DEPTHS OF MY ROOM.
Not sure what to do this afternoon. Maybe I should start Black Ops.
#WhenIGoToBedIThinkAbout my crush, and what it would be like If we were Together, and thinking about if he likes me or not
nailed it. Quote of the night from YOBI Live probably has to be "left me hanging like a booger"
So fucking sick of school...
Tweetahs! Start your day with flavor & dance to your own funky theme song like its your birthday! Shake it like you just don't care! Woohoo!
Officially have a job! i thought it'd never happen
I'm happy to be home, resting on the best couch in the San Francisco Bay Area, maybe even the whole world.
"We'd make a fortune, Cookie!"
love you, babygirl. I need a day with you and soon!
hahaha, I see Whatcha did there;)
FB RT: Leonard Cohen recites a verse in this ad for Sony 3-D TV.
On my way to the Sag-Aftra Rally
Three cheers for show choir chat:)
Agreed. Perfect champs.
Same to you! Thanks for the mention! :-)
Hey I'm stupid jk it's nelis here checking up on you since I forgot your Facebook password...love you bunches Xoxo
Counting down the days 'til UFC 146? You know we are! Saturday May 26.
I love that movie so much, I'm actually drinking out of the tangled cup.
(See every adaptation of Great Gatsby ever for examples)
lol only jonas
In History......You cares about dead people?! They were here, they are gone! End of story!
hungry...... hmm, what sounds good? lol
good afternoon. Ill be happy offer u some free advice. If I may ask, what's wrong with ur Mac?
CelebritySpouses.net is working on the private invite only community to be launched this summer.
Just tapped White Oak. Come and get it!
Check out the Daily Planner on Facebook to see what you can do today to enjoy life to the fullest.
One forgives to the degree that one loves
My sister just got her license! Yes
think you need more basic because your attitude still kinda sucks lol
Will be impersonating a perpetual motion machine for the next week
All32Grammy accepted songs released by Simon Thunder,Dylan Thunder, Ian Thunder,Oxygen Detonation&Suicide Or Famous r on sale iTunes&Amazon!
It's on tonight.
When he will sit through a full chick flick and not complain and/or fall asleep
Just got three pairs of steve maddens for less than 100 bucks
Great show! Also caught "Our Song". Yoou've captured the attn of my 14yr old. KUDOS!
I gotta take off my twit feed. I can only handle so much douchey musician talk in a day. "Test-drove this sweet new axe" WTF?
Don't you hate it when you forget to bring a pen to your office away from the office?
So... It's bike to work week. Anyone carpool?
super lol... How u been lil mama?
Trying to import a *valid* EAD into AT w/ Win 7 but getting error message? Right-click on AT program appl and select 'run as administrator'
Good morning :)
I'm so obsessed with country Music and everyone in Cincy hates it! :(
If marriage is between a man and a woman, cause god made it that way, then why did god make gay people? Think about it and stfu.
Happy 4th of July weekend to all!!
Morning u too!:) HE>i
Oh how I'll need a Bud after this day. I'm starting to think Budweiser is to life like Gatorade is to a workout
damn you are hipster
No matter how busy or your circumstances, Stay in the hunt!
You're so welcome! Here any time. #sagradhunt is a favorite topic of mine. Gave a presentation on it earlier this year!
Awesome. I feel like crap today.
Teachers - Need a holiday themed award generator? Check out our Be Merry badge generator...
": You can never talk to God too many times in the day. #thoseatrthebestconvos"
I've never watched an episode of the Bachelor or the Bachelorette. :o
What's something good that happened to you this weekend?
I Can't With Lizard!
the people at ur foundation agree... They go above and beyond. Thank you
tornado warning issued for San Mateo, Half Moon Bay. Wow! Already seeing wacko weather here in SF.
#20ThingsAboutMe 16. I know more things about Austin and Justin then I know about myself <3
Happy Birthday
MUAHAHAHAHAHA, yeah maybe JBC debating right now where to watch!
Fantastic! We're kind of jealous. Would love to hear updates on how the tour goes.
also the number of times he's whined about not having a "Nubian slave" to rub his feet is really appalling
They have FIFA12 for iPhone? I'm getting that fo sho.
Hi Caroline - -- hope you're well. Just saying "hi". ;)
OK, #Monday, I don't like you, and you don't like me. But can we space out the pre-lunch crises a little bit? K, thx.
I washed both car today now I'm tired as fuck
The guy in the photo is a dendrochronologist from The Laboratory of Tree Ring Research at the University of Arizona. Who knew?
Very true! But frustrating... been waiting for that bus for ages!
Another beautiful, cold(ish) sunny, morning in Pittsburgh. This WI girl is getting spoiled by this weather.
love is blind.
how u gonna say you want someone to produce n write your entire EP but u say ur broke n u cant barter nuffin...
Take it to lunch tomorrow I really wanna see it!
. It was great to see how many people came out. People are ready for a common sense, responsible Senate #Nov8. Are you?
Just seen a dude wit a #eatersunday #buttonup shirt on
what are your choices to pick from?
Next thing you know, Bonner's going to start wearing a headband.
that was the worst undercard fight ever!
Hello Andy, Your blog post on never writing anything again made me smile. Thanks for that and for the follow. Nina
I guess your imac could have a career in modeling! - lol - Thanks again!
In brief, our production application maintained in SVN with a mainline and project branches. (No branches by ticket per se)
fair enough. :p.
Have a great day <3
Tim's gonna have Dan Rusanowsky on the air this afternoon to talk about today's game against Chicago.
[Campus Bulletin] The governor of Kansas declared a state of emergency yesterday after being ripped apart by a Golden Tornado.
done c:
Come to 5th and SW Salmon! End corporate greed!
#scms12 I'm having a book signing for my book, The Maltese Touch of Evil, in Pairings (hotel bar). Stop by to say hi & have a glass of wine
Is it possible to catch the webinar later today?
Awake:) coffee time!!..
Christina Aguilera is from Pittsburgh but I dont think she tells anyone lol at least Wiz Khalifa is proud of the Burgh!
This is what democracy looks like... boom.
Watching the tonight tonight video on mtv hits by
Can't figure out Cadougan. Makes a great play and then a boneheaded play. Guy's all over the place.
Just another brainless halfwit. Just a warbling Paul Gascoigne. Here today gone tomorrow- it's quotes like this that keep me going
Happy Hanukkah everyone! May God richly bless u with miracle blessings over the next 8 days! It is the Miracle Season! Happy Hanukkah!!
no :(...just a blackberry and an ipod with no internet connection. Thanks for the offer though! You're a good friend.
: Priscilla of Boston is celebrating 65 years in the bridal gown industry! Come in between now & 4/25 for 20% off ANYTHING!
Please start checking the manly looking shemales for nips, and tucks!
is live on Twitter!
All Fla has is 3s. If they go cold, they r toast
We're your DATE NIGHT headquarters!
Crap. It's so disappointing and disheartening.
ah gotta love 4am out of town transfers... Lol... I love my job... :)
Don't forget to set monthly goals, and have a plan to be able to set aside some time to get them done.
Doors in 30 mins.....Get to Palm Door....GO Go gO!!!!
Why do I have to be so shy with my older siblings?! lol 😱
Omg My love Only for #Boyfriendvideo Could not be more excited. RT if you're excite!!!!!!
There is always new drama at my damn school
Word...HBT for the summer?
Turn passive customers into active, engaged customers with RTOREWARDS. We do Rent To Own Customer Loyalty. www.clientrocket.com/rto
Chips and Queso
ah yes, that's always a weird feeling. I think even weirder is when they start having babies...
Fantastic day at #Columbia today. #Zanker, #WardPerkins, #LaRocca... Beautiful mix of archeology, romanticism and scholarship.
I feel buffeted by a verbal storm.
Do u need a resume for your interview? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
AWESOME! I love goodreads and am glad to have shown the light to another.
The Complete Arch. of Alder & Sullivan should keep you busy over the holidays! Thanks for the kind words on our benefit!
Me and eddy road have a bad relationship cuz of that intersection thing. I always end up on superior.. Except for this time
Watching the Marlins vs Giants!!! I hope we win!!!
haha I don't regret it but my brother still won't open his lol
Great, see you then & bring friends!
So cute!!
Instagram is stupid as hell.
thanks for the
It's a soup kind of day.
if it's money rain, absolutely.
Today MOCA Specials: Soups are Lentil and Tomato. Sugar Free Lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
At the ice cream bar :)
Are you relevant?
saw them there 6 or 7 years ago-great show.
Modeler's master weapon is FRBR, tho Gotham citizens disagree on what it does. Citizens get trapped in logical rabbit holes.
Finding a good graphic designer to help you with branding is essential. Potential clients can learn a lot about your style from a good logo
Amazing weather today in DC!
herp der ha ha! RT #facepalm Follow for tweets from confused people who are "RIP" ing Wikipedia
lol your stupid. :P
to follow
#FF Friday the 13th Follow to Check out their podcasts too!
I've started saying Y'all? I have no idea how it got in to my vocabulary.
I have a bunch of free passes to Fast Five and Brides Maids, if you want to give some out.
#hipsterscience tells us that academic papers are way too mainstream- consider tweeting your work. Way more authentic that way.
wow, amazing, amazing photos. Worth the trip...
Great news! RT: Black Expo just announced Geoffrey Canada of the Harlem Children’s Zone will be keynote speaker this year.
listen to your son he knows what he is talking about.. Smart young man...
Burning the midnight oil ... Apparently traveling all day means working all night.
When I am healed, I am not healed alone. ACIM
When you go home tell your mom I said hi.
Work from Home really means, eat everything in my pantry.
Paul Lambert is the man LFC should be talking to.
We're down to our last 1/3 roll of toilet paper... in college that would've lasted me another week. In my house with 4 women... chaos.
Thanks.If they want to save $$ an keep using the same, Fivefingers are perf. Dry out fast when racing, washable & we have them.
I'm looking forward to heading to Alan branch's tournament in Desoto Texas and the Great American shootout in Duncanville this weekend
When did it become socially acceptable to wear pajamas to lunch?
After seeing The Avengers, I've determined Black Widow needs her own movie.
I am so jealous. The Mr's library is closed on Sundays during the summer.
I need help setting my vcr timer, i want to tape snow
yuckk why's it so gloomy outside? work 12-close.
m MGD delicious;)
It's too bad you prob have that Gov't run health care, you might have to wait a few days to see a doctor from what I hear.
So pissed at that cliff hanger
Even if you are sitting on a gold mine, you still gotta dig! Joseph McClendon I
ippudo, lower east side
sO much lOve! can't wait for the day we're all reunited! stay strong, my SJL's
Performing at Branded Saloon this Saturday from 9-10 in bk
This weather needs to stop playin! I'm burnin up out here in this damn coat!
I'm never drinking with any of you again.... ever
oh gosh.
Skipped ballet to go to sexy Latin dancing class in the east side #atx - so worth it! Need to work on my shimmy for next week!
Just go ahead and put your man card back in your purse where it belongs. (;
True Born Records q
I'm notorious in that department lol
just got some good news!
HAIR of Desire FOR MORE INFO AND MAKING YOUR ORDER oF HAIR OF DESIRE CALL 0832530851 OR BBM 2743D555. <3<3
Jason is now the director of the EVL, with three associate directors under him.
Your wasting my time so come back when your worth it
Josh Turner. Aghhhh! <3 Marry me?
onthe way with son and toys in tow
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. ~Lao Tsu
My Heart's a Stereo, meaning douche bags with ponytails brag about its fidelity.
Gawd, remember how long it used to take to download things?
Good Morning!
It's nice that #Rip is looking good, we'll need him as #Rose gets back to health. Awinisawin, come #post-party and watch the #Cubs/Phils!!
o.o
Just pretended to be sleep lmao
Right about Henry Aaron. Listen to next time you are in town.
I cant wait for the #pirates games this summer. Even though they kinda suck.
Movies with the family! Avengers was a pretty good flick!
Dallas > san antonio in most ways but not in mexican foor or basketball!
Had so much at the photo shoot today
Thank you! And I will post pics for sure! :)
hey guys! Hope we can work together and make a fun video to show how delicious Firehouse subs are. Let me know :)
Every Thursday is Mother's Day on the TJMS! Tune in right now to hear today's Thursday Morning Mom!
This Day in History: Diver Greg Louganis won gold in the springboard competition at the 1988 Olympics. What are your child’s Olympic dreams?
#bird wisom ;v budgies are not to be envied. they are prisoners of the humans
Online Video Content Pioneer Revision3 In Acquisition Talks With ...
you never ask my point of view -_-
Looking at the elbow by Artest, im going with a 50/50 split Harden half flopped it, and Artest half thugged it.
I'll be in the blu ray extras! ;)
Thanks for the follow. Happy holidays!
Good! Nothing like true Texas hospitality!
I am not going to have time to study Americas tonight, ugh!!
yes u should :)
someone is watching gameday. RT Hey! IN PLAY RUN (S)
I do not regret staying up for that ending. It was worth it for Braun's indignant bat flip.
Teachin Da Bro How 2 Play Keyboard & He Looked At Me And Said "Piano Fun!." Lol
Poking through 's blog. Am totally jealous. Note to self: create a killer blog.
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I saw you in person
We believe in it too, and that's why we're bringing prayers to mobile phones. Please see www.birdofprayer.org . Good luck w/ exams
Thanks Chris!
Was looking at some old posts on my old Facebook. I miss how things use to be. So much.
Off to St. Liam's! Because, apparently, my muscles hate my nerves.
what's the URL?
Big congrats to txd pals on NAVY PIER! Directed by and featuring ! Kudos!
Shaking her jelly cuz this her jam? Wtf? They'll play anything on the radio smh!
Listenninq to Frank Ocean -Thinking bout you[]♪
Its Me. Its My Insecurities.
RT : RT : People who easily and frequently blush is a likely sign of them being a great lover.
At LGA headed to Houston for the 8th Annual Texas Salsa Congress!
An ugly 4th quarter for the Cats but we'll take the win.
Phew. At least he knows. #RedSox RT : Beckett on booing: "I pitched like (expletive). Smart fans"
Re #BritishEmbassy attack the #Obama urges #Iran to prosecute offenders yet he pardons every crook in #Washington & #WallStreet. Go figure.
I hate the way she talks to me frfr
Thanks for following! I look forwad to reading your tweets!
I think Colton is getting too big for his britches...
I also want and need someone to talk to.. Preferably my best friend 😏
Thank you for that RIVETING salt dome report! THE END IS NIGH!
What's interesting with lack of positive investment returns how are pension funds and ins companies keeping up with the future assumptions
Third set has begun! Drummer Jeremy Cunningham swinging hard on My Shining Hour right now!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys⚡
We love you Lindsey, oh yes we do!!
But you perfect for me RT Nobody's perfect
youre not american if you dont like mexican food
CORR: ., House Dems to hold presser tomorrow at 11:30 a.m. on Republicans’ 1 yr anniv leading House w/o jobs agenda
Building new beds, painting & mulching this am w volunteers at Marion St Garden- the transformations keep coming!
Hubs cooked a mean steak on the grill. mucho better than a restaurant.
Since isn't following me yet! Then that sure ain't winning!!!! #thataintwinning :(( 
if you are a drag queen, and you have drama....please leave me out of it. Fix your lashes and move on.
I dislike politics to the core.... But most, if not all of the things Obama is promoting just make sense.... Common sense.
My fave New Year tradition: reading 12 onion peels to predict the yr's weather (Romania)
I have not fucking slept. awesome.
both our names...cept he has disappeared off the face of the earth
!!!!“ Who pulling a allnighther wid me”
#Mix at least I have lady gaga to pass the time
you can simply write to our enrollment coordinator to request a receipt. Her email is
you're welcome for the follow :)
im so unmotivated to study for this exam. think my brain already went on break.
I've done that twice already
I swear I attract the most desperate ones, WTF.... LOL
Well I'm beat, about to get something to drink at the Westin.
Still one of the more impressive things I see high school kids do is shoot low 70s-high 60s and manage a golf course like it's nothing.
I am so sad I missed this year. Perfect weather, too! Next year, for sure.
Does anyone have a favorite kabocha squash recipe?
THE MIND CREATURES/LITTLE DRAGON SHOW LAST NIGHT CRUSHED FACE!! THANKS TO A GREAT CROWD!
Having a lot of relatives at Xmas time.....that you don't talk to all during the year.....really does suck!
Happy Easter! We are closed today, but we will re-open tomorrow at 11:30am with all your favorite flavors! See you tomorrow.
Fucc its cold outside
TALENT SHOW IN 1 & A HALF HOURS.
I love you :) it's been 6 great years :) RT : Today marks the 6th year with Thanks for everything honey...
“: Tom Crean always looks like he just ate something really spicy, and is trying to pretend he didn't.” cc:
Just got a reminder for my Holiday Gifts class at the ! SO excited!
Saw your audition and it was SO good! Congrats to you!!
Thanks so much for the compliment! I'm glad you're enjoying #FiftyShades!
This American Life live event starts in 10 min! Daughter & bf going too @ college. Family fun!!
We are celebrating #CincodeMayo with a long run this morning. What are your plans?
Father, today I surrender every area of my heart, mind and life to u Have Your way in me. Do Your will in my life.
"Mississippi St is actually called Jackson St, lemme know who they do" -my female roommate. Dumb and No I will not...
LMAO. THATS EXACTLY WHAT I THOUGHT.
