What is your favorite way to "wrap up" a semester of teaching and learning?
Country music >>
why cant people just stfu and keep there mouth closed ?
Just want it to be Friday night already
I had lost some love for JET over the past couple years but he has been GOLD in the past couple of games!
Way to even up the series !
Boys , shes not qoinq to be waitin for you forever choose her or freakinn lose her .
Few late arrivers still coming in. Great to see so many kids. Number coming shortly. RT How's the crowd??? 10k+?
When hot people follow me on Tumblr >>
RT : words can't describe how much I HATE shaving my legs .. if it wasn't frowned upon I probably would never do it lol
RT : Tymetrix: "of the top 5 metrics, geography has bigger impact on attorney rates than experience"
We have a collection of Danny Lyon pre-signed titles and DVDs available tonight at the bookstore.
Please contact me!
Sure, that works!
Hopefully, I'll be able to finish up A DISCOVERY OF WITCHES by this weekend!
Take off that silly-ass hat.
#liber2011 Kibble:All materials printed in Europe or in European languages, ca. 1455-1700. EEBO content will ultimately be a small subset.
Now I don't have anyone to lean on when I get sad :'(
Gingrich calls for a personal savings account system to replace current Social Security during Marquette rally.
The heart of life...is good.
Thx very much to this week's new fllwrs Appreciate the support. Cheers!
DemonTHON raises over $100k for Children&#39;s Memorial, Miracle Network
Talking with lulu about my facebook on twitter...weird huh?
For one day love will settle with me, and i, may no longer have need to run
write up a quick e-book and sell that shiz
sandro offer to make way for lennon before he costs #spurs a goal
What a great night!! Very busy working and had Bible Study with my besties via skype!
Thank you so much for the kind words
I'm ready to go to bed.. Lmfao
i think i know what hotel ur tlkn bout
please take care of the love of my life she is my whole world and my best friend!
This. RT : Oh, Fat Betty. You're surprisingly more tolerable than Meagan. Congrats for being moderately likable for once.
I am besties with EVERY SINGLE WORKER at #chipotle I go there like every day
Well, now I'm curious as to who you had this conversation with...
when u don't need em they always got your back this & that, but as soon as u call on them 4 that favor, it's like Corey Who & where was I?
changed the fuck out of my mood tonight. That's why she da best.
oh my goodness I can not wait until the Vampire Diaries season finale next week #obsessed :)
I don't know what's harder! :)
Nice! I'm glad you liked the video!
I followed your link but it says the page doesn't exist.
Protest with Occupy Las Vegas Friday at the scene of the crime. Bank of America 4th and Bridger 3-6pm. In downtown Las Vegas.
Not sure about John Cusack as Edgar Allen Poe ...but I'll watch the movie anyway.
I hope heaven is made of Hawaiian bread
girls girls girls, we love them too
Monday - I want a refund
yes, please.
You know who your friends are when something goes wrong and they still stand by you...so grateful, it meant a lot, thank you <3
in that case I got my own gun n bullets.
wearing a #TeenageMutantNinjaTurtle Shirt. Just thought I'd let ya know(:
please cum and visit us :)
Niggas be catching feelings...Cupid be gunnin
I hope so. You're right about guys having Fitz' back. Titans LR was split for he & Collins
The soul is entirely more like something always the same than it is like something not always the same-Socrates, Phaedo 79e
Wow. You're talking shit about one direction & big time rush, yet you listen to never shout never... are you serious? Gtfo.
Thanks 4 compliment. I have my moments....:-)
LeBron is real!
in June I think it is the Friday of the St. Anthony's bazaar so that makes it June 8th #ibelieve y?
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton makes remarks at the Summit of the Americas Civil Society Meeting in Cartagena, Colombia,on Ap 13.
No way to cut, copy, paste or perhaps just duplicate an element. Seems essential as every other app I use has this capability.
Pay attention to customer profile AND social profile - you never know the influence!
So much shit to take care of.. Why didn't I do this early?
I had to get my cash right cuz this fast life is the choice i chose .
Thanks, I need to touch up on those skills too
yeah i love tou people(; get it Two people ;D
Burlesque tonight with 7 Deadly Sins! Starts at 9:00 and No Cover!!
It's 11am! Botanas is open! Serving lunch time specials now till 2pm today and every weekday!
Rappers say they from the southside WELL GOD DAMN Must be 2 sides
80% of Florida's women-owned business leaders founded their businesses.
The biggest reason I'm bored with Draw Something now is that the SAME DAMN WORDS keep coming up over and over again.
RT if you want to meet Justin bieber i wanna see how many ppl really do!!!! plz RT i know u can see me!!!!
Ah!!! So tired of reaching the follow limit. I guess it's judgement day. Again.
Your all I want your all I need your everything- lighthouse <3
I'm looking forward to seeing my daughter Karen and oldest son Eric later today when the come for a visit for several days!
I don't really want to go to ANY school. But I guess it's worth getting my mom off my back and get my GED.
Birdman has bigger troubles than tattoos right now.
thanks for everything last night ! I had so much fun (like always when ur the host)!
It aint rape if she screaming hann
I need an in-house communication system to talk to people on the other side of the house. I don't care that my house is only 1200 sq ft. :P
Loved it as a kid. Recognize its faults now. (There are several.) But it gets a lot right too.
Trayvon Martin Debate Moves To D.C Family Attends Hill Briefing ~~ Yeah lets shut down our Govt to talk up this "punk" in a hoodie.
Good morning conference goers! The Jossey-Bass booth (#1112) is now open-- come find us!
I swear she fucking irritating
All I have in this world is MY BALLS AND MY WORD! And I don't break em for no one.
haha I see(: very popular now! ;p
You're welcome!
idk I,guess
Anya Achtenberg says stories about trauma are hard to "structure"
Our pleasure, great article! Thank you!
RT : RT : Why is bra singular and panties plural?
Ok, I truly love Christina Aguilera and she is beautiful, but I do believe she should have gotten a size larger. It would flatter her more!
oh god he's so fine
Get $1 OFF any meal selection over $4 at . Only w/ a
Hey #PHX - we have a friend looking for some #tweetups anything going on out there?
Pants Off to Jordan Shirkman at the NCSC RT : People--NCSC Round Two: First in my heat. Headed to the Sweet 16 like I'm on MTV
Perfect comparison- Sudoku gives me a headache since I hate numbers
Thank you! Couldn't of done it without you!
straight up winner for u right there. nice call RT : Bears +4
Settings>AccountTab> Check "Protect my Tweets"
Innovative capitalists have tried to rewrite nature, but to no avail. ~ Astrid Alauda
you too.
Husker Who???
Coyotes vs kings! Time to support the yotes as they make there playoff push! Food,drink specials and giveaways. 730pm here!
That's how I feel. To say that Black & gay has not co-existed makes it seem like we ignore Black gay aesthetics & voice.
I have no idea why there is a hashtag there.
our cover of remember sunday is only good cause i do juliet simm's part ;)
My pee smells like coffee.
Join the movement:Under30CEO Atlanta Today :30 PM Peachtree St NE, Atlanta, GA 30303
I wish he could get over her already.... :o
Thanks! I quoted a conference paper instead.
Can you go to the bathrook with me Haily b/c I'm obviously not capable of going alone
Score! RT : Even the #Bulls run on Dunkin'!!!
Sex ain't better than love <3
Obviously he doesn't feel my vibe I'm giving shades on, on my phone, and my IDGAF face!!
lol get it then
it is but I just hate school always. I just wanna be done forever. sucks
Talk that talk
If you walk away and they don't follow you, keep walking.
then sure :p
everybody follow my bro
Why are things whose sole purpose is to move air, e.g., leaf blowers, hair driers, vacuums, so dang noisy?
and i did the refrigerator dance Infront of on saturday ! it was fun ! :)
saw you and your gorgeous house on HGTV last night. Love that you have a meditation room :D
Oh word? What's happening there?
Be a person who plan things..
Lol is avocado trending yet?
Sorry, Not you, the other Laura Gardner on instagram.
Even the Pittsburgh transplants here don't even care about the Pirates, lol!
you right about but #remember everybody aint honest
It is leadership: the worst possible kind of leadership.
it cold as fuck it me tell u how cold
Eating spaghettios and feeling nostalgic for a much simpler time when my only concern was not falling off my razor scooter.
Let's see how many of us miss our flights today! Not I! *runs down terminal* HAHA
Jesus is one of your followers?
everyone please follow for me. :)
Open Innovation, The Corporates mixing with the startups, Help disrupt your own industry and stay relevant. congrats to
Finally using my phone for twitter =)
I hope never to be as stupid as the people who would act on Betty White's endorsement.
Nope, tonight I cant. But I will be at dinner tomorrow!
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all. ~ St. Augustine
Happy birthday to the most funniest guy I can think of, (:
i want you to take over control
7 more days :) I'm excited!
idk if I can but I'll see
thinkin bout buyin my wife a ring for her bday..any suggestions as to jewelry joints?thinkin her birthstone and diamonds on the side
ALRIGHT!!! Power is back on, time for some Call of Duty 3 :)
Congrats to on becoming a member of the 1,000 point club at UK!
Not looking forward to today, tired and not feelin well shit it'll b a long day
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe. ~Marilyn Vos Savant~
...everyone is invited, right? It's rude to talk about parties in front of people who aren't invited! (2/2)
Reliving the
I think I'm getting my second wind! RT : S/O to my newest follower ! I'd like to party with a giraffe
Welp this sucks ass. /:
Dave Tompkins: Blowfly is the father of hauntology.
When one of your loved ones gets shot in the face, tell me just how great War is for the economy.
In the future: a revamped cover for #MissWorld and a new author photo.
“: Thanks to for the introduction!”/ur welcome. Ck out free pizza subreddit. Awesome
that's pretty cool
someone once told me I was only fun in small doses... Is that good!?!
I clicked my #hashtag on #freesamples and realized almost as popular as #costcofreesamples is #wholefoodsfreesamples on Sat, Yes Please!
that's what we thought. This long list of abbreviations that nobody has ever used ever. "cico" = "brb gotta tinkle"
Give so much time to the improvement of yourself
et al, computer overheated, going to sleep, congrats on all your accomplishments as scholars, goodnight.
Bienvenido D. You danced beautifully today. ¡Que pase un buenos noches!
Glad to hear you can make the webinar! And another big +1 for the rain....my backyard is singing praise right now.
Finally, somebody is calling out this scumbag Petrino. AD came out swinging!
Where have I been and who the hell is this Alexis that Austin is talking to?
My deepest condolences on John's passing. May he rest in peace!
I love how hot it is in AVST studio! It's like taking Bikram Ballet.
I'm not dead...just busy with life.
So glad we could do an impromptu lunch like that!
Live remote for 105 the game at gainesville dodge jeep.
anyway, if you have any questions re: mac or want to work with me on #headshots, I'll be more than happy. have enjoyable day!
Let's cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war!
well, those naturally go with football.
The LSU system offers this as a security question: "What big secret do you know that you aren't supposed to know?" Weird. And provocative.
Conference room shenanigans
So, how tall would you be of your wish came true? (: Haha
somebody loves baby, well it aint me
Tom Shaw Trio & 2011 Cabaret Showcase Showdown finalist (and SF newcomer) Norman Vane perform at Martuni's on Sat. 1/28 at 7pm.
Sleep, then burgers, then sleep again, what a life! But seriously, how was your dinner?
did u see the response to what I wrote!? Hahaha they answered the exact reason why they leave to the CHL!!!
WBC Ticket Hunt Hint: Our Carnival Crazy will be enjoying a "WBC" glass of beer & some great food.
RT : Half Price Daily Specials Sunday through Thursday after 7PM. Check www.rookiesfood.com for today's selection.
hey, what is the cms for the Center for Pub His and Dig Hum webpage? is it wordpress?
dont be telling my wifey to shut up!!!
Be Different.
He was teasing me about my rendition of 'Happy Happy Birthday Baaabbbyy' on guitar, so I told him I would do that :-)
can you contact me for the accurate information. I will show you video of them being handmade that we took.
Back from LIM conference. Great experience in every way. Thanks everyone!
Morning tweeties... It's almost Friday. ;)
House Of Second Chances - Fast Company
HAHAHA. I just saw the tweet you posted about Dad and the flowers. Seriously laughed out loud. Hilarious.
I am totally anticipating Sweet Potato Casserole
Paradigm Madison has Transplants that need to go! Buy 1 get 1 deals are here! Buying a lot? We'll work with ya!
I've used the kinko in Oak Creek. Let me know if you find one closer.
Hi DS. We plan on rolling out some great L.A. hotels in the weeks to come! Will keep you posted.
Oh, Bulls.
congrats Tristan. Can't wait to see what's next.
I #PulledACrosby and... embarrassed Claude Giroux in a fight? Then, Letang did the same to Timonen?
“: HATERS, Y U NO GO PLANK ON A KNIFE?”
I just finished a 2.54 mi run with a time of 30:11 with Nike+ GPS.
A little over 2 months til San Diego Pride!!! The resort is booked!!!!!!!!
thx for the mention! (i am the founder) would love to get your school on board. Be sure to sign up for a free trial
It's lizbeth on lenny's twitter shhhh don't tell her
What do ya know... Robbie #Cano!
Substitution, Manchester United. Ryan Giggs replaces Anderson.
If U think life is hard try living w/ nothing really. If UR reading this tweet U don't have nothing, U have something & U just don't see it.
What if The Lakers get swept Again Lmao
Way too frenetic for my tastes, although I grew up with Tom & Jerry and Road Runner, so who knows what that says about me!
Coach Scott approaching the podium...
Aye what you doin tonight ? Not you... Hahaha 😏
Drink up Chicago. Send real beers, mixers, & shots to yourself & friends w/ Bartab. $1 to send, $1 to redeem at 75 of Chicago's BEST BARS!
Shhhhh. I have a crush on this guy named Zayn. Let's keep it on the down low.
Oct.6th I'ma crush that bitch.......
In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man. If you want anything done, ask a woman. - Margaret Thatcher
Despite all the our issues and complexes, flamenco still goes on. Art doesn't disappear.
YES SPIN, TELL IT LIKE IT NEEDS 2 B TOLD!!!!!
Ppl think I'm social but I've just decided that I need to expand my comfort level. Will talk to a new person everyday in 2012.
oh that's sweet! I may have to buy it
USA scored big at the Nuclear Security Summit in Seoul South Korea - strengthened ties with Allies & put more pressure on NK & Iran. - JDG
Big ups to ! Great community at the gathering last night. Energy=palpable. & up next!
thanks Bro. You are right there with us. You want to be on Commencement ?
Bah, too kind. When's the next covert mission to spy on Orion?
Way to go on the pilot!
Congratulations on achieving 100% CORE + ASTD Chapter Membership STAR!
braces free for 8 months and counting :))
Don't stop believing in yourself...ever!
LAX WEDNESDAYS las vegas! guest list and table reservations now! 413 530 0621.
i #LOVE so goshdarn much. you dont even know. ksdlfjsfd (:
the other stats are so high it disregards them lol
Seriously Miss America? Did not see that one coming. California all the way!
Love is not who you can see yourself with. It is who you can't see yourself without.
Broken LEFT foot for Beagle.
Ping Identity Named One of Denver Post’s 2012 Top Workplaces
now now brown cow
had good seats and got to see the sox losing streak end yesterday
Idk what else to do on a Sunday! -__- homework I guess
stil going with me May 11 ? (:
it was AWESOME. I would decorate my house around it
I'm not bothered okay aint a spelling bee! Bog of!
Yes nice 3
oh ok! Should we come around 130 then? We were gonna shoot for 1230 but if U think that'll B btr lemme know. XOXO!!
#UnattractiveThingsAboutMe take place on the set of #MattsChance stay tuned... Producer injured by Marshawn Lynch
My head is killing me: I guess it's not your birthday if you're not hungover the next day. Thank you to everyone for all the kind wishes.
Rockin' my Bayside Tigers sweatshirt tonight!
Reading email.
was #Georgeclooney as attractive in person as all the girls say he is? Haha
Happy #FF to Can't wait for the new game!
MT : #mhealth, #tech TH/10am, AT&T will present a $1m contribution to our telesurgery program.
YES. Hit me up tomorrow over the telephonez xo
#random I think i wanna adopt like 2 kids someday
Tri-Tech Holding Awarded Natural Gas Field Project In Turkmenistan
DANG !! Please Let ME Go UGH!! #Thats What I Be Talkinn Aboutt :{
to bad the fun has to come to an end... Lol
They're generally prepared poorly north of the Mason-Dixon, but I just had some good grits at Butcher & the Boar in Minneapolis.
Hurrah! Season equally split between male/female for both directors and playwrights. #FVFreverberations When do I renew?
omfg and it's somewhere along the beach...I could find it I'm a good stalker(;
Sometimes it's reallllyyy hard to be a germophobe
Just have fun, let me worry bout winning.
Close to finishing this new project I started.
How's Miklasz's college basketball preview going, with Painter in Mizzou and all...
The most entertaining part of Mission Impossible was watching the Tom Cruise running scenes. , ,
Do you like Dime Hockey?
would you dare say that IPA is.... Best in the World?
if it were Perk he would have been tossed.
Creepy asian still staring at me...
: now's your chance to own that much! Go Grab it up!
It appears re-registrated right about the time yo mama moved into CV.
you have your idea already?
Haha! No, no, don't take it personal. The recommendations are based on classes that your friends are taking, watching, etc.
Have a great Thanksgiving from Jonathan and the rest of the campaign!
“: Fro yo!!” best thing in the world!!!
RT : #Lions not practicing: Best, Harrison, Rashied Davis, Fuller. >> isn't Harrison traded?
I have a great song by a new artist that I think you'll really enjoy!
YOUR CAMERA TAKES GREAT PHOTOS.
caught u red-handed! Your pro pic is in violation of the duck face.
Never let ur past stop u from getting wat u want in life.Yesterday is gone,last hour is gone,so use the present time wisely & make it count.
Ironic? I got UNL's Hail Varisty badge on foursquare on my last day working here..
HA! Seriously!
" #UVa lost best scorer & leader, Mike Scott. They will not be as formidable as they were a season ago." care 2 make it interesting?
We are underway with our Street Vendor Fundraiser and off to a great start we already got $150! Thank You Mari and Maria you both rock!
Love some Secret of Mana and Super Mario World. m
Heather Kaye wrote: Occupy Your Own Mind (or someone else will)
Why is it that when you transport something by car, it's called a shipment, but when you transport something by ship, it's called cargo?
While you're there, swing on by to the OpenGrooves booth tonight at the Battle of the DECKS at the Fish Head Cantina tonight at 8pm!
ya damn right it is!!!
Not so good. Next week lots better!
No regrets IM Blessed To Say! the Old Me Left And Gone Away!
Headed to play at that's cool with beth beighy, connor rand, clay evans and more....come on out!
What can we say #PacerNation haha
The awkward moment where u wanna say hi to everyone but u just ate so u got mad food in ur teeth. Smh
#Pens Keep. The. Lead.
:) RT Call me when I'm lost inside your mind ♪ #np - Waiting. Such a beautiful song!
Harry said he was "bi" in a magazine interview? .....PROOF OR IT DIDN'T HAPPEN!
All is wonderful JS! Hope it's mutual on your end! “: its been to long, hope all is well that way lita pita pie ”
Sigh. Howdy, Hunter RT : Hunter Pence walkoff HR off Myers beats Astros after Pence's earlier error. You can't script mid-May.
Two words: Angry Birds Space.
Following your dreams is like a relationship, sometimes you just want to quit and take the easy route.
What the twit was happening to Twitter over Xmas? Couldn't log in once... too many users!
I'm doing fine, thanks. Happy Mother's Day to your Wife & Mom! There is a Blockbuster Guest on CNN's "P Morgan Tonight" on Mon
& ! RT : good times with at girlgeekdinner
to you and me both, baby!
Tracking shows my new phone departed from Lewisberry, PA. at 3:56 this morning. arg.
Retweet if u smoke #Loud only
i dont care
hope it's fantastic!!!! xo How are Tuppy and Uno doing? Is he still in quarantine?
there's people checkin too y'all gotta card?
Dear just know that Angel is with your dad right now.....in a better place<3
Thank you so much <3
RT If someone ever makes you feel like you are inferior to them just remember: everyone eats and everyone shits [ #RealTalk ]
yer the best kept secret on the BFT. You'd be a perfect fit for the Noon-3 slot - local and genuine unlike who's there now.
follow back? <3
"I don't smoke pot, okay!!"
DUUUUUURRRRRR APPLE DOUGH!
I forgot the Underground Podcast results again.
Young patron wanted fish books.
Tomorrow has got to be better. Tomorrow will be so much better.
Last weekend in #roc b4 I move to #Hoboken #NJ -Only plans currently are to volunteer at #RIT #ImagineRIT. What else should I do?
That's amazing! Lets chat :)
so good, right????
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend !
nice tweets, don't forget to credit the creator of them.
Again, probably in his 30's. I love men in their 30's.
Just met a green home remodeler at the gas station. It's getting green everywhere. What's the greenest truck these days?
Adobe stuff is for chit on Linux, and Tweetdeck is on Air . Also TD is a huge RAM hog. Best on 64b Windows, unfortunately.
You're the first recruit! I'll email you soon...
Ok. Who's going to the SUPERBOWL? All 4 teams are good. If I had to bet...I'm picking Patriots - 49ers. You say what?
Can't even complain... Sexy bitchs everywhere ;)
Back to day labor, to get money coming back in. I'll be digging a ditch the next few nights. Go me! *pumps fist in air*
Totally watching the Face Off with Corino and Funk after this.
I don't know whether I'd rather listen to Garrison Keillor or Eeyore read poetry.
haha yes. Sorry, where the hotel is!! When do you get in?
Underlying problem is that many children do not receive proper developmental support. -Yale prof, Comer
"Damn!" yelled at me twice driving to Starbucks. Lol, da fuq? Must be living someone else's life today.
Really got rocked by Basic:Prayer video from Francis Chan tonight in community group, highly recommend. Catalyst Experience kit!
picking up the guys and heading downtown.
Thanks for your quick response sending a new dsl modem. I can finally kiss &T goodbye completely! Such easy setup too.
My phone is always dead. Sad story.
Nicki Minaj it was a good run..
Getting back a monday morning quiz
Time to get back at it today! #9RoundMinute? Sounds good to us, we'll have it posted at 12pm!
Thrilled with my 500 pt. beauty insider reward from : travel minis remind me of the W! :)
doin it!! Real grind right there....
I got pink hair extensions.
I'm sure Linda and I will see it. The last too had us in stitches.
Thanks. Just changed it. Sorry.
Don't forget to plan your week today, then use that plan to create each day. Manage your life or your life will manage you!
Work till 4everrrrr.
LOL WHAT WAS THE PRANK?
Today has been one ef'd up day. I'm going to bed, or at least trying to, without telling you goodnight because you wouldn't care if I did.
Harmony Beat: US Embassy Support and Interesting Article
Marley doc = dopenes. Amazing footage. His daughter came across mad bitter tho. Threw me off.
I'm bad... Getting to-go from one of the better sushi restaurants in my area! I already have dinner at home, wanted snack!
Lol. I miss you guys most. Next time we'll all come 😃
I'm hosting my own night at on Thurs. 8pm-12am. I'm bringing , , , & w/ me.
Thanks for the RT!
Great food, disappointing experience tonight
its easier that way . .
Again, that's La. You can think about a murder long and hard and it still be 2nd degree. Sentence is automatic life.
Well this is awkward.. lmao
happy birthday :)
Watching #FashionPolice :D
it was Iight Jus relaxing most of da day...
RT "Theater New Years Resolution: Bring different people/industries to the table. Accept/embrace their viewpoint. #AlliClass" ya
I am always amazed at how stressful a home remodel can be when you don't use an expert!
Damn it all just hit me
yea it is! Are you gonna see him at warped tour?
Another Best Basslines candidate: The Dukes of Stratosphear's "25 O'Clock"
Ugh sorry for the spam. They really seem to want my twitter account.
I miss u lovely :))
April really is the cruelest month. Spring but cold. Tax Day. Orioles prove they really are as bad as you thought they would be.
I may or may not have been watching a really REALLY good Davey Richards/Adam Cole match.
There isnt an official Kronum Rec League in Texas yet, but we'll be there very soon
Feel good.
...gonna see what kinda trouble I can get into tonight, who's with me? ; )
Girls should stop acting like it's the end of the world because it doesn't work out with one guy...move on. There's billions more on earth.
I literally don't comprehend how it's possible to have such a lack of apathy towards others.
#ifyouknowmeyouknow We were the FIRST Latina based sorority founded at an ivy league institution.
Something new...dive bar #ucallits. Malibu & crab. Not bad actually.
I am the definition of a bad girl. Haters and NO will never hold me back from Shit I want to do.... I'm that #bitch trust
haha! Thanks!! *phew* i thought i was gonna have to catch up next week!
Tell me.... What can you really do with no money? Nothing.
Thanks, Mark!
He also said: “Nor should this lead to a war on property. Property is desirable. That one should be rich shows that others may become rich."
Great event #NYC March2nd, walk through the startup gallery. Startups and resources presenting the latest trends more info at bizcocoon.com
I don't need it. you should use it ;) (and yes of course I want it)
Sew in clip or patch label on the sleeve & bottom hem of the shirt we can do it. www.reliablerelabel.com
Geoffrey Hill, Collected Critical Writings.
Tonight feels like that time I got mono and didn't know any inside jokes when I came back to school two months later. Bitches.
I won't kill you baby...unless you decided not to bribe me with her new album.
I love that!
absolutely. Playing an older Madden is like working with a Speak and Spell.
Berklee's Turntable Ensemble flipped some Dilla and asked me to rock, then we shot a video in !
#rulesoftwitter don't steal other people's tweets
Sorry, might not see it. IPhone acting up. As Charlie Brown would say, "Rats!" cRT : Can't wait to see it!
wide awake =/
Good night my Europeans.
Warm in bed!
cheaters and whiners.
Looking forward to Saturday and getting the Church Brewers in here for Brew with the Brewers!
#Question Who is your favorite Seahawk?
9 more followers, then I will have 200, sucks lol;
That awkward moment your scared to sit on the toilet because it might be cold
Thanks for the follow! I <3 coconut oil!
75 percent of donations come in the last 48. dont wanna jinx, but...that shit is sealed.
thanks for the shout out! <3
This special prosecutor is remaining quite composed under an undeniable amount of pressure
hope everything is ok! <3
Have you told your friends to "like" us? When they do, they'll get a coupon for $2 Off Any Sandwich
RT : High quality means you achieve longevity, durability and the versatility!
True BLOOD RULES!!!
Have fun!! I want to hear all about it!
Gymm...I'm taking this diet seriously
Tweet tweet.
So I just got back from dropping my mom off at work, time too go back too bed
I'm playing #CityFriends on iPhone! Find me on plus+, my username is 'simpo61'.
Headed to CMA office for the #1 party "If Heaven Wasn't So Far Away" written by Brett Jones, Rob Hatch & Dallas Davidson
That Dre/beets picture is the funniest!! Classic.
Welcome! How awesome to see you here!
Whitney you were our sister and our friend. You inspired us through your music and your great talent. Many loved you and you'll be missed.
I'm almost done. It's such a great book. :)
First #OscarsUpset! Congrats The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo – Angus Wall and Kirk Baxter
get we need him.
it's amazing how the students I know and work with somehow manage to turn everything around to make it about them. talk about
interesting. Current dog not at all bothered by thunder but newly adopted one may/may not have issues. Was curious.
Overeem's argument is now that he took multiple doses of shots from vial, but didn't know of any banned substance in it. Huh.
Thank you too Gary. Always a pleasure to retweet your material.
I guess #Marissa should have shot an unarmed 17 yr old black kid. She would be walking free today.
I love that #eureka doesn't marginalize minorities or women in the show
just found you Khue ;)
Never go to Jackson Hewitt to do your tax return!
your amazing! It would totally make my day, if you would please follow me!
I think needs a video game break.
Ready for some nerd humor? NPR's Science Friday has its annual April Fool's Days joke show (on FM 88.5 in DC)--starts in 15 minutes
Link doesn't work. :-(
5 days till my birthday !!! Yaaaay :)))
Looks lily-ish.
Great start to my weekend with a free vanilla latte from the Rice Coffeehouse!!
Director of Marketing just gave me a "fist bump" for how much moving to #SQLReporting2008 improved the look and usability of a report....
what happens if u hold down the power button? Do you get a debug menu?
absolutely. You guys are rockin' it. Let's connect again one of these old days!
aw thank u for the shoutout i wuld give u one now but my dumb computer wont let me tweet ill doo it l8r tho =]
Due to adverse weather looking to be on it's way, tonight's Whirlwind ride is called off. See you next week!
RT \m/ : if you're not already...you should follow ... they're good!
What I still want is software to handle tweets, Facebook, and RSS feeds exactly as if they were email, but with pass-through for faves, etc.
Not like you don't already look beautiful everyday!
Jeff Lewis is hillarious!
Lol school was a blast is it wrong to flirt? Its not like we kissed lol
Who wants to get on my account and delete my Dms? I have 13 and there all spams! /:
okay Dain it's time to get your lazy ass out of bed.
where are you at right now? lol idk anywhere
It's the last day of classes at ! It's been a great semester!
Corelogic purchases Tarasoft Matrix last month....i am looking for Tarasoft developers.
Craving sushi right now
You know, the description almost reads like a wine bottle label. And I love that it's "eco-friendly."
i will..i just need to get all my faith back & not lose hope.
Tina Fey: Photobombing queen
found the largest bike helmet in the world, it's still too small
#ThePerfectFan I may not be a #BackstreetMom, but i'll always be your fan. going to watch Arthur featuring
I'm frm da city where u gotta grind for Wat u want fuk waitin on a Hand Out!
Sounds great, would love to come out there sometime.
Gave her that dope dick now I got her running back
I appreciate the support! Not to be a downer or anything, but UK visit = $$$$ I don't have :-( Will have to wait for a while
glad u did (:
Have faith in me, <3
I'm very happy I missed this debate. ( nailed it - this should be a holistic debate if we're going to have it, not a partial one)
Can we not say it?
Agreed. Scottsdale is very lovely! :)
It's only my second day living on my own but I've already changed a whole lot in terms of taking my pants off to do everything.
": I delete my whole password when I type a single letter wrong. Retweet if you do the same"
Chilling at the house.
definitely Gio if he's still on team
Rep. Jim Jordan, chair of the Republican Study Committee (RSC), was the special guest speaker at the Carmel YR meeting.
Have you ever noticed that when you decide to be positive and feel grateful, everything is more beautiful and works well? That's the matrix.
RIP the Dougie and M-bone of Cali Swag District, wont be the same without ya
Turning in my text books tomorrow! (:
RT all this crap cuz i knoow she wont try and look at it all
Kids in love -Mayday Parade
idk what you're talking about, i can't believe this game isn't trending right now
Keep tweeting the pro Spurs tweets. I love every minute.
can't tell if you're being sarcastic.
Dude, I wanna play nightcrawlers
"Give A Man A Fish And You Feed Him For A Day, Teach A Man How To Fish And You Feed Him For A Lifetime."
randy moss will never be a packer..were actually one of the last classy organizations left
i love my life and the ones in it XOX
Hate being woke up from a nap to do chores that's someone else's job to do!
S/O to D4L/G-Unit,, ,, and my homie BRASKI!
What is a more accurate way of measuring ingredients - by weight or volume?
seems like just yesterday #OneTime came out. time flys. happy birthday justin<33 :]
on why I'm a vampire: "You sleep during the day. You wear lots of sunscreen. You have an affinity for red things."
Kudos to Derek Whitmore on being called up to Buffalo. Can't keep a good westsider down
RT : All these guys are the same after prison they jump from girl to girl
APA is trying to correct. Check out their algorithm on dev screen. Also, disconnect between med home and part c EI services.
Been there, done that!
mentioned this to me. Sounds great! Lots of interpretations out there. Look forward to seeing yours!
wku hangin in... down 4 under 16 timeout...Clark Co kids bought in n worked tails off to earn this trip to
I call him cigarette... Gotta take him for a drag “: What do you call a dog with no legs? #lamejokethursday”
Offshore software development outsourcing has
why you say umm ?
Thank you for the compliments! We'll pass it along to Steve! ^TM
Watch Fox News for their story using Yoga Class Instructor Sky
bad attitudes <<
Powerwalked to yoga so fast that now I'm chillin in mcd's to kill time
Charlie is quite the cutie... nice mid-drive snag! Keep us updated with new pics!
ya think...... I deal with the same issue with gravy...
Thanks for the tweets! Greatly appreciate the support.
Livestreaming the Pollinator Partnership presentations today! Be sure to check for the archived videos soon coming to NMNH's iTunes U!
Scratch that - today is Wednesday...nothing fabulous today...
Its hard being strong when I wanna break down so badly
Sufjan was performing at the Chicago Theater last weekend. I am SO sad it was sold out!
In need of a new avi <<<<
Chess club today before school. Jake is getting good. Glad to see digital graphics aren't his only interest.
Great photo! Love the Pink!
Ha! He's my fave!
RT Got thru the workout. Tough one.... Shower time, then day 2 of the #Moneyball Literacy Tour. We at Lewton Elementary today.
That's what #GZ said oath, yet on the 911 call he described Trayvon as a teen. Sounds like perjury.
RT : Here is the transcript & stats for tonight's #GetRealChat. Stats are still being built....
Did anyone notice the background music in the LOST preview for next week was from the 1971 version of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory?
what do u mean?
Keeo your smile white by visiting Studio B Smiles!
Actually typed it right, but epic "correction" by Twr
Gmail is down. I anticipate anarchy and cannibalism will shortly follow.
We've decided that we're going to do some acoustic covers at the Craig Owens show...what do you guys wanna hear?
doh RT Kentucky comes to Bloomington tomorrow to play Indiana........... In Baseball. It starts at 3.
perfect tailgating attire on football Saturday's.
What ever happened to K.P. Envyi?
Life long diehard Skins fan-heart goes out to Vick-hope he will be fine, bk on field soon-home boy-Newport News, Va
its ok. Wish it was a lazy rainy day
Awake at 1:00 am is what happens when you accidentally sleep until noon. Shit.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!65
- haha Indeed! Cheers to the #beer!
#withorwithoutyou I'm will make it in this world
me and aaron looks so cute going to sushi last night, i could kick myself for not taking a pic!
OH YEAH.. FUCK KID FROST ....OLD ASS NIGGA....TRYIN TO TALK DOWN... I HATE DAT MOTHER FUCKA.....
lol I know
The beat hides behind me it never makes me
me neither!!! :D cool, school is school and you can transfer! I wanted to take a year off but my parents would KILL me -__________-
I'm sure at this point it's as much in search of a cafe as it is a strong case for itself.
Get some money to come see me 2ma
You have SO hit the big time. Privileged to be along for the ride!
Can't stop listening to I'm Not Jesus by Apocalyptica ft Corey Taylor...... o.o
Im sick & I feel terrible -.-
but once its done and over and that week is done u'll b glad yu got it
Thanks for all of your hard work reviewing the student speeches Jean! supporters appreciate you! :)
Pandora radio on RH factor would appreciate this
you SHOULD have her job. Start your own podcast. I'd totally listen!
Who opened a whole dr pepper and didn't finish it?! Had to be Christina.
what time u comin?
you miss your life when looking at screens 24/7. There has to be a solution. Great keynote
100% agree! Team
You try really hard to get a girl but once you got have you stop doing the things you did to get her then her feelings die n you wonder why
Nothing says time 2 go 2 sleep like ur mascara actually traveling onto ur contacts blacking out light as if it was WWII Night kids!
text me?
Performing tonight with spinning all night!! I wana c u!
Great article! I have a check list I use before every post. ;)
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 43
They trynna throw my ass in sunset tomorrow.
Today's finds: Hardy annotated *script* of Tess; RL Stevenson list of favorite books & fragment of Jekyll/Hyde; ticket to Kipling's funeral.
Social Media thumb rule: To do it right, allow 1-2 hours per week per social media platform. 2 for FB, 2 for Twitter, 3 for the money...
I need Thursday.
I will always be thankful!
REALLY wish I went to Sedona on the
I've done one. It took forever to load, then it was prob around 2 weeks before I got anything confirming it was up. slow.
Agreed. It was the best change they made to d2L yet. Yet they have so far to go...
Happy Easter to you and you!
Getting ready for the St. Louis-area Harmony Festival this weekend in St. Charles! Pls come see us at First Baptist Church!
I put on for south memphis U.S.P stand up
you always do this!
I agree. Would like to follow up when not out of pocket. Interesting, nonetheless.
WOW you should read that everyday of your life
U never no when ur paths with cross again w/ ppl. Like now, when I have 2 give press passes 2 some1 who was a complete jerk back in the day
8th row, very nice. Not as nice as the Milwaukee one last year tho, thanks to you
Looks like a half-windsor to me
what are you talking about nig ?
such a face
#itsabeautifulworldbecause i just bought 5 pieces of jewelry at Loft Outlet for $8.78. Yeah, that's right. You should be jealous.
I'm shittin' on your whole life!!!
Brilliant. 'Head' would be great right now.
forgot what I did yesterday afternoon, looking at the photos of wonderful wedding cakes, I remembered, I was out on delivery with cake!
It's a struggle to focus today
Working on an alternate short, 7 minute version of JESUS HOOKER
Decided to get back on this Twitter. Next, I might...I might...what else did people first do in 2007?
I'm rockin' while watching Cocoon with my son, who for some reason has been doing a G-rated Russel Brand impression all night
Beats by Dre ear buds in, music up, in bed, time to forget about the entire day
Lmaoooo awww I wish you were here!!! Can you be my valentine from across seas?
If you #throwbackthursday more than one or two things, goodbye. Unless its music. I'm always down for de good classic suggestions :) 🎧🎧🎧
#NoSleep , think im about to draw something :]
Avishai Cohen – Seven Seas or Adam Rogers – Art Of The Invisible can't choose what to listen to today...
Hah, yeah. When I realized Google wasn't actually making beer themselves, it became far more intriguing.
Hi, I wonder if u got my email re: piece on virginity test trial & if u have a chance to comment? Thank you!
Collective sigh of relief here in Nampa, Idaho
RT “Innovation is not the product of logical thought, although the result is tied to logical structure.” ~Albert Einstein
. Thanks for taking the time to delve into our issue and make sure that we stay a happy customer!
Beauty Tip: Skin brushing improves circulation, brushes dead skin layers, and encourages cell renewal for a much smoother skin and texture.
Our annual gala is May 17!
. Countervailing power to balance the power of the management class, in this instance, elected officials.
Janet Groene&#39;s Church Supper: Everyone Loves a Good Church ...
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. - Douglas Adams
Next time don't lie to me when i put my heart out on the line! last week of school will be shity now!
Blessed is that man who makes the LORD his trust, And does not respect the proud, nor such as turn aside to lies. Psalm 40:4
I love
#Igetsoangry when im to high to get up and eat!!
trying to get a little of everything, won't really know what's been shipped to us until the last minute.
#TheAvengers is epic in the truest sense of the word. It's also awesome and many other hyperbolic superlatives.
everybody cares about me!
Todays specials is andouille sausage with peppers and onions on a toasted french roll.
I just don't know if that will be enough to do the trick. Especially if I have headphones on and I'm rocking out to fergalicious
sounds like the only help you need is someone turning your tv off :)
cold inside but so hot outside! 8).
Touching RT : I just bought my first car, so I no longer have nice conversations with my friends when they drop me off.
It totally counts.
Apple could have saved $13B in lost market cap today by calling the iPhone 5 instead of 4S. Oops.
#Seinfeld love it
And in LA, to the Opening. is off the / Party. Catch us if you can!
this is going to be a great show.
Never fails..
aww why thank you :) RT Wow, she's pretty.
isn't that terrible?!? It really makes for a terribly long day.
We're ready for our close-up! is here to film a new commercial!
Seriously, if life were more like a country song rather than a Britney Spears, or Kesha video, love would be A LOT easier to find.
I love jersey gas!!!
The Grind: I am back to it. Happy Monday!
Dont Make Permanent Decisions With Temporary People !
Thought maybe I'd catch you in LA. Planning to be by the studio again though soon per Nick & we can catch up re: Doha & all.
No. Wait. U really don't under stand. Craig lange(brother of issac lange from love boat) taught me how to dj. I wish I was kidding.
pack up the wife & kids and tell them it's time to move to the big city!!
Shutter island
He may not believe me.
Walker maintains he is NOT a target of John Doe investigation and yet he has a defense fund set up. Strange, no?
it's easy to blog & complain about something rather than getting involved to help "fix" what he thinks is wrong...
Nice! Congratz and good luck! How long does the masters take
yes it is my site, no prob with the f bomb here
But... You don't understand... THERE IS A CICADA IN MY APARTMENT.
Ithyphallophobia is a morbid fear of seeing, thinking about or having an erect penis. #odd facts
goodnight. good morning
so write a book about beauty tips. Don't forget to put in it that is only 1/100th Italian. #blockedbyT :-)
JPG-- "horizontal learning": give yourself some time to explore the environment before moving ahead
I seriously love ! Such an amazing message <3 Love you guys!
is it in the Phonedog budget?
Wow Dick Clark dead. Just read this. What a legend.
Throw me a free t shirt RIGHT NOW or I'm leaving.
That awkward moment when doesn't RT you ):
Damn, I liked NBC’s “Prime Suspect”. Thanks for the link.
hahaha! I think it does make me a hipster. AND I didn't even know it! ;)
Not a thing! RT So it's not even 10am & I'm already thinking about a beer at tonight. Anything wrong with that?!
New Orleans: Where you can get out of the shower but you can never dry off.
Setting aside the game ticket from tonight.
Our pleasure! Thank you for sharing your insight with all of us!
Prevent FMLA mistakes, abuse with educated management: Prior to the act, there was no provision for a leave of absence that protected...
My son the aerospace engineer finally found a fulltime job -- as a janitor. Good thing he got that master's degree. (Why did they cut NASA?)
take it easy...
how 'bout jeff niemann, though? :)
today was awesome, and my french class was canceled! c'est la vie
BREAKING: A-Rodgers just traded to the Jets, Giants, and/or Patriots... do you give a fuck yet????????
Supporting witnesses still going strong at ASSET hearing.
I would give the violence isn't the answer speech but sometimes it's needed.. LOL
North Korea, LaMarcus Aldridge, & National Grilled Cheese Day are all trending on Twitter in Portland right now.
What's the deal with these super slim cut Marquette jerseys? I can see pec/ab outlines. What's next, return to short shorts?
I see its roomie vs. roomie today
I'm out of it this morning. I wish I could just lay back down...😒
My biggest dilemma: whose coverage of the royal wedding I want to set my dvr to record. CNN? E!? Today show?
Tupac didn't call it "Baby Mama Drama" he called it "Drama For Lookin' Out For My Baby's Mama"
I love how so many girls are hitting on you on here!!!
I really wish more people would follow me on istagram :/
Thanks. Your photos, art & poems on Tumble Words delightful.
As long as you remember me, I don't care if everybody else forgets me.
shut up conner
Damn its friday already
Very nice of you not to call him out...to his face.
yes, siree. kicks ass.
Awesome! You're welcome!
Behind every able man, there are always other able men. -Chinese Proverb
ah ok so he's supposed to be Nostradamus and have qbs w exp avail when the 2 oldest qbs in the prog have been injured 2 years
Any advice about the possibility of moving to Alaska?
an EP is an album Lol
LOL saw that coming...
Please welcome tialing76 to the Max life
THESE MEN GET "BAD BITCHES" CONFUSED WITH "DON'T KNOW HOW TO ACT, SMART ASS BITCHES" SHIT.. IM WITH A SMART WITH AN ASS MISSES! -BRAINS'
OMG why?! Are you tweeting and texting while crossing the road? I know you're not drinking that early lol
wow..you're not there for the view, you're there for the job - and I've had laid into that silliness
fetch this!
Next time...my pants stay ON. Happy Good Fortune Day.
will you be pitching at tonight's game?
Robert C. Pollock~ Love God and trust your feelings. Be loyal to them. Don't betray them.
Healthy ecosystems support growth not just for the host, but for all contributing. I think half of the mobile ecosystem is unhealthy
An early Happy New Year to all my friends and tweeters. Be safe out there.
you must have RELATIONs or the SHIP will sink
yep irrelavant. Another group of women trying to get 5 min of fame. Saf
Thanks, Kandice. That's really important for us to hear.
math final is over! Now it's time for Christmas cleaning and decorating! :)
Happy Friday to all.
#bcn09ruralecon encore performance upstairs right now
A ruthless dictator, Stalin invoked his 'softer side' when once describing writers as the “engineers of the human soul.”
#ThingsThatINeed Money that grows on trees :)
Yahoo!!!!! Finally done with all my online classes /^.^/ \^.^\ Another task checked off my to-do list xD :)))))) :D
Holiday Group Art Reception Tues 12/7 9-11pm We are proud to host another show 4 these very talented local artists Drinks&Small Plate Menu
let it rain over me
Yes!! #MomWisdom RT : But the most important, she taught me that no matter what I should never let anyone steal my joy.
It's an illness.
Sunday football at the Recovery Room...
» I'm sure its not too much for me to handle
we're always lol'ing! 👾
At work now... can't wait for Georgio's pizza tonight!
Nothing says good times like being on the airport shuttle @ 5 am. To Iowa!
Today we have the Red or Green Chile Cheese Dog Fries and a drink for 6.50
You left the freezer door open this morning and the ice cream is melting. Quick, leave work NOW!
Daily GTKY question: Who has the sexiest accent?
": Jojo is back? What the hell: what hole did she crawl out of? #onehitwonders" omg you used to be obsessed with her.
HA. RT": Perfect timing. Cheney's book comes out the day after 60 million Americans get waterboarded."
Dear today: I give up. Kindly disappear into the ether with my sushi delivery. I'm going to bed.
Guess I'll roll up
I'm hoping for some Bill Hurt Altered States shenanigans to go down.
You're familiar with #ABQ then!
I am working hard, night and day. Keep the faith because the good Lord provides.
Ima kill Tamara is she change our plans !
stop working play twitter!
Would guess Dayne Train
The Grizzlies played good, Lionel Hollins is a terrible coach.. Learn what lineups work and which dont..
well it's much appreciated..thank u
I'm wit u on dat free boosie campaign
I think I'll go back to sleep when they leave
Thankful for family, friends, food, shelter, health, wisdom, pets, music, art, flowers, coffee and chocolate. Thankful I can give.
Today's ill-considered analogy in class: serialism was sort of like WWI. Historically inevitable, unpopular, impossible to end once begun.
At least I know Austin won't feel awkward me when he eats, cause eat the same way haha
“: #ILoveWhen u text me first. It lets me know that you actually thought about me.”
Is giving her the good ol' north pole.
Thanks to everyone who dropped off recyclables on Saturday at The Paramount Theatre in Anderson. We filled 5 trucks! YOU ROCK!
Waiting for and friends to pick me up for a weekend of running...and bourbon...welcome to Kentucky!
The whole object of travel is not to set foot on foreign land; it is at last to set foot on one's own country as a foreign land.
I want purple in my hair again I miss it! Haha
On the upside, it's so nice to have the day off.
The key is to need less.
Why is there such a disparity in cost among different colors of granite counter tops? Simply supply and demand... Some colors are more rare
State of The World : 2012.
Come on I'm Dean and my hands are so clean at this moment I am stapling. - Community
How long can I keep wearing my white blazer? Is it not OK after labor day?
by the Bishop on 4th and walnut.
Passion rules the game..So.. What are you passionate about?
Tomorrow is cancelled... We are having a
We think our son's early vocalizations are just his attempt to sing like Danzig live.
Make your contests shareable
yeah the original is awesome but its gotta be #commercialfree. Just say NO to commercials. Hahaha
Actually, I have a small cadre of people who are overdramatic, but think that I'm the drama. Not true. I guess I should make it stop.
Four days and counting until BackStory's relaunch as a weekly show!
Can you please give me a shoutout I need to get to 500 followers :) xox
Make that TWO heaps, please! RT I am gonna need a HEAP of coffee for this day!
What if one of the GOP candidates or Obama raised a bunch if funds for their campaign and then gave most if it away to struggling Americans?
Hate sleeping alone tho<<<<<
Please stop by one night so we can see this Batman Snuggie that the city is buzzing about!!!
You are HORRIBLE! And/or the best matchmaker ever.
Looking like you're right Sean...Ravens are the better team...nuff said...good call!!
About to see my best friend #soexcited she is bound to cheer me up after a rough loss. Still love the hogs!
add me
Can't fall asleep. Too excited for tomorrow.
u made twitter :)
wow. that dude crazy...what did you think of the finale?
Register to volunteer with iMentor, a technology-based mentoring program in New York City. www.imentor.org,
Thank you for the RT Simon!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 38
Did some errands and now just cleaning my place up a bit. I'm looking forward to tonight
was some #extrascarring for sure
Just got to work and you're already dreaming about lunch. Treat yourself to our lunch buffet today from noon-3PM, just $9.95/FL residents!
Listening to Ralph Murphy speak on songwriting at the
#shedidntcallbecause nobody uses their phones for that anymore, and when someone does call, it's kind of annoying
RT - #insaneproclamations the Jacksonville Jaguars will make it to the Super Bowl.
The way these females waving at me you wud think a cab passed. lol
If you guessed that my twitter account got hacked, you're right. And I fixed when tipped me off. Thanks pal.
I wish I had seen that before I voted. May you campaign be more successful than mine for County Exec.
i really despise waking up at 6:00 everyday during the week
"I happen to be the exact age of Sesame Street" Great PBS moments Shane. It's no wonder you wound up where you are.
Love following these hashtags today: #rrhof or
LVHCG gives you all the resources and support you need to lose 1-2lbs per day on the HCG Diet www.facebook.com/LVHCG for support
yey j ma! twitter is awesome!
Chris Claremont donated his papers to Columbia University. New career goal: work at Columbia's Rare Book & Manuscript Division
With a rainbow in the background??
Automation Engineers, Software Controls Designers, Quality Engineers, Panel Wiring, IT Operator, UG Designers.... know any?
Alabama and UNC tied. But Bama had all 4 in first round.
hey jeydon! i tweet you as much as how much i support you...<3 you follow me?
RIP Don Cornelius "Love Peace & Soul"
Anyone available to help distribute fliers tomorrow or Thurs? Mainly just placing them at local coffee/book shops, bars, deli, restrnts.
So you guys should really come to dallas sometime <3 would love to see you guys
oh I've mentioned it to her. She has other agendas.
Cigarettes are gross...
“The average dog is a nicer person than the average person
so nice to meet you!!!
I voted for Mark as The Joker as my very favourite in the #VGAhumanmale category at least 5 times already!!
American Voices: | Maybe he left it in the pockets of another pair of pants?
I have Boomkat's "The Wreckoning" stuck in my head.. "I came, I saw, I kicked some ass, the pain I caused it makes me laugh...."
Its YOUR life, so DONT waste YOUR time worrying about how other people live theirs.
thank you for educating me and insulting me at the same time. Xoxo
have you had the Northern Grill cheese curds? I think they are the best curds I've ever had!
Giveaway: Schatzii Smart Screen Cleaner For iPad, Tablets, Mobile Phones Schatzii has some sexy swag to give away for mobile, computer an
Thats the Big Question WHY??? Me??? Wish I was born with a silver spoon in my Mouth... I luv Giving But Hate Asking 4 Shit
Lol I don't know if that will ever change
The Ducks have a 6.2 percent chance of winning the lottery
is there any evidence for flawed ideology...?
should be a blessing lol
have you seen the video? hahaha.
In to work 6 hours early. 9 espressos and a PB and J means I should get some laundry and reading done, if you know what I mean.
Haha nobody likes the Rebecca Black video?
I wish! I'm already in my pj's and makeup-less on my couch :)
Is today something special? Whatever, I can't remember. I'm getting a snack
Watching Mork & Mindy - Robin Williams is a riot
“ I prefer texting than talking on the phone..”
or dad - but he will get his OWN special for Father's Day.
I just commented on her status :)
Dis woman just said its national grill cheese sandwhich day .....
NO YOU TAKE YOUR BOOMSTICK AND SHOVE IT.
Already thinking about my next trip. Barely even started this one.
I've been doing well. The wind has been tough. I have to work on my run. I drove the triathlon route the other day. How r
Disrespecting the President? Or, sheer racism? Beyond belief! When will it ever end?
Even if you were, why would they feel the need to nose around?Everyone is beautiful, even if you were, who the bleep cares?
doing great! Have a great day ahead of you!:)
Amanda on Twitter will be great. She does NOT hold back.
When someone tells you that they always see you smiling, and it makes their day every time>>>.
Did I just unfriend you? I suck at Twitter, let's still be friends please.
Pussy so wet feel like she peed on herself ooowwweee
Bodies being found on Peachtree with they heads cut off - motherfucker I'm Joe
May 12 is Fibromyalgia Day. A lifelong illness for over 10 million in US alone w/no cure. The chronic pain is "invisible." Please "RETWEET."
Slow going today. I just finished a 3.26 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Our Albany office has expanded and moved to 421 New Karner Rd, Suite 12. Happy to have a new engineer and new sales rep on board!
Exercised 4 times last werk and on purpose! Plus swam today! I'm so proud of me. Hope to start losing weight:-)
Are you happy with your graphic tablet?
Rolling out Tuesday bigtime! Who is coming? Firehouse college night!
right on, mention us when it's out!
jk I have juice now
Studio bound
the glass castle.
Each time you love, love as deeply as if it were forever. -Audre Lorde
2.5 hours left of work. Nothing interesting online.
haha isn't it nasty?!?!? Ive done it and will never do it again xD
Thx for the #FF Keeping me on my toes
Hey! What's up babe?!
lol, I bet.
Well, Greg from now knows a) How valuable he is. b) How terrible the agency is.
“: sometimes my timeline makes me want to punch myself in the face.”
Congrats to my cousin, , on her work w on
miss you more!!!
Affordable Programs offered by Chicago Hair Replacement Provider
yea I could have came outside :)
And this picture is to hot, so Imma need you to stop okay?! :)
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
UK Spartan Floridian"Simon Thunder the Savior of Rock -n- Roll" is in town again.You gotta luv visionary acceptance,affection&feeling!
PFT NO NO ! and wait im gonna send you something by dm!:)
We like 2D too. No worries.
Thankfully I haven't seen who won yet. It's pretty obvious it'll be Kimstache though.
Hacked hacked hacked hacked hacked hacked hacked. MUAAHHHAHAHAHAHA???
Who's filling in love girls... Stop Playing :(!!!
I thought I was running late... i'm five minutes early.
even better!!! I'm ready for it!! Hopefully it comes out before the summer!!! LOL
Am i a creeper?
2 mos w/out service now. Multiple calls, new modem & 2 techs=waste of time. Underground cable needs replacing.
Lolol, that was SO longer ago when I wrote that. How you been
4th wife huh? i'll let the rest of the harem know, we'll stage a mutiny. in other words, i miss you!
There was almost an altercation in the middle of the street til the dude put in his tampon and drove away
I think its high time for a major #Change in my life. I need to be on my own for a while.
My macbook adapter just died.
RT one thing worse than quitting is being afraid to begin,
I love that song I can listen to it all day
It's delightful, isn't it. I have two night classes and I'm dead by the time I get home.
I am tryin to do it big my peoples shit I am spittin real emotions to u people show a nigga love
Going good! Oct. will be here before we know it!
": #AstrologyFacts #Geminis count their successes according to the number of lives they touch and the people they inspire."
BIG TIME let's RUSH this work day!
I'm not in anyway bitter about today. Congrats to Man City and all there fans. To many pussies in football today
jealous you're in cabo!
i was sleep punk dnt try that lol
Coming home from school , mommy & daddy has carne asada , arroz , frojles , tortillas, guacamole and salsa de tomate prepared Yum :)
My single shift turned into a double. I need sleep!!!
why are their so many haters doe??? 😒
You said either way I'll be a star I could go so far~
Happy (early) Birthday !
no i didnt, it was crayons RT : You ate glue as a child “ lol! hell is wrong with us?”
Facebook Changes On March 30'th Facebook is going to automatically transfer all business pages to the new format, although you can...
Finally able to lay outside and tan YAYAYAYAY
so how ya doin today
Shout out to all my followers! Have a great day!
The time is always right to do what is right.
RT : #Patriots announced they signed veteran RB Joseph Addai.
Hella chipmunks out :)
once he hears the tracks he'll fuck wit the Clouds. we workin lowkey, shits gone show.
Sorry but since I flirt daily w/max number people can follow on Twitter, I'm not going 2 follow tweets in other languages. Can't understand!
": Loyal females deserve the world"
It's the truth! Plus, I love seeing Kendall's adorable face! So cute
Sometimes I forget how disgustingly organized I am.
double woo hoo, then! Much luck to you.
can't say that would be the most successful of practices though.
Anyone looking to make some banana bread? We've got a bunch of old bananas that would be a shame to waste! Just ask!
Our puppy has the hiccups. I've never seen a dog so confused (and adorable!).
Follow they auto follow back!
no prob. Thanks
Yesterday was. :) And thank you, Nat!
I looked at your trailer, it looks good, when does it come out, who wrote it? I can't wait until I create something good also
This game is just AMAZING
can you email me? address is in my bio
we call that: Herbs, 2 ways
Beautiful day in Georgia! :) it was nice getting to stop by home with a gang of Berklee peeps! We're now Florida bound!
Vladimir Kozlov was a great wrestler!
yes, yes it is.
If you ever want to know how to properly hook your audience for the next episode WATCH #TheWalkingDead's latest episode. So good. Gosh dang.
ah, well, snow is fun sometimes!
Their little teeth chattered at first. 😁
You'll find as you grow older that you weren't born such a great while ago after all. The time shortens up. -William Dean Howells
So sad and crazy...
This is the week of custom orders. Do you have something custom in mind? Let me make it for you!!
RT : RIR Doug Fritz resigned to "pursue other career opportunities." New pres is Dennis Bickmeier, former VP at MIS.
Happy New Year's everybody! Be safe.
#DidYouKnow that Cary Hoffman’s PBS special was just re-aired on over 40 stations nation-wide?
Feels different going home one the bus still.
Lol! RT : S/O to the pastor that's preaching with his Bluetooth still on his ear!
The artist alone sees spirits. But after he has told of their appearing to him, everybody sees them.
BBQ and craft beer at my local pub (Barbarella Bar) = nice weekend treat
Welcome To Jamaica Reggae!
I'm no genius, but I am smart enough to know that there is no ''x'' in the words ''especially'', ''espresso'', or ''ask''...
The Nintendo 3DS update is now live in the US and Europe! FOLDERS!
Thanks for the follows, I as always I will follow back until I get lost
instead of learning from my mistakes i like to dwell on them until i have a panic attack.
Angela Kim! I've met you a couple o' times! Nice to see the LAPL library retweeting you.
#latenightconfessions I don't stop just because she passed out.
IPhone 4/4S CASES BUY ONE...GET ONE FREE( Buffalo area). Let me know!
Aka "Kitty, the liberal-arts major"...
LOVE! RT : God has resolution for your pain, a reason for your struggle and a compensation for your faithfulness. Don't give up!
"I saw this wino, he was eating grapes. I was like, "Dude, you have to wait."-
wish I would have heard more of Bua tonight. They were cooking.
It's an EZESKANKIN mix tapes kinda day.
We the unwilling, led by the unqualified, are doing the impossible for the ungrateful
Step #14: give up attachment
how kind!
I just heard your view point about the case on the Talk..Wonderful is all I can say!
Graduating from college? Looking for a job as a Jewish professional/educator? Contact me! I can connect you w/ some exciting opportunities!
How to Track Off-Site Clicks as Goals in Google Analytics
All too often during PO's, especially after games like G2, things get heated. Good job all around thus far
didn't like the crickets I bought u??
great idea! Love Style Me Pretty boards
if you put a map on your website make it something that can be enlarged. what the heck is this tiny thing that i can't see?!
looks really pretty today.... Well that's every day :)
All the people that used to make fun of me now i wanna throw it in their face #ifyouknewwhatittook not to do it
Hey: , will you have a second screening of Laduma in Kansas City, maybe Fine Arts cinema that showed Pelada?
you killed it with this one. Excellent work sir. Every bit of it.
On the plane Las Vegas bound ......
RT I am absolutely voting YES on the #SAGAFTRA merger! #OneUnion "
cant wait
put that pipe down ;-)
Installing a new aerator to your sink could save up to a half-gallon of water per minute.
from earlier?
Me either Ian. Love doing it with you guys though!
Henry Samuel As a Francophile, I very much enjoy your Paris reports.
My motto for the presidential election is "Let the best candidate win". Which means for the 1st time we will not have a president.
I dont have it... Sorry..
This is a bit delayed, but Happy Valentine's Day!
#LifeWouldBeBetter things went my way
Hoping for warmer weather today. The sunshine is beautiful but where did the warm weather go?!
Fuck Evan Turner
going to look..
It's Sunday funday!! Come see us for live music now
Home after Dad's Night at Canterbury with the boys. They did great with the singing, acting, art, etc.
I'm working hard at my desk and Kelly says, "you look so cute with your little notebook!" Come on now...
If you're still planning on a trip to Manila, call me. Some start-ups you should talk to.
Should EngineYard hold free Ruby on Ruby bootcamps to get more web developers trained on Ruby? What do you think?
hahah, get that elevator music playing
In honor of Earth Day (which is also my bday), I'm going to tweet some greenish tips from MONEYLESS MAN this week. Get your green on!
#WMHS GRADUATION was a success!! :D
Zimmerman charged with 2nd Degree Murder.
P.pressley is a boss
NeYo Is My New Husband[: <3
folks need to realize state sales tax need to be added to one of those 9s! In Fl. it'll be 17% sales tax on every purchase!
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 47
IT WAS :D hahahah
Betta answer my text before shit gets real!! 😒
Yes,Ottrina was a great meeting !! Great things are coming !!!
Pop machine didn't gimme no change!
hola hannah banana(:
all about that jazz!
“: ❤When the world says, "Give up," Hope whispers, "Try it one more time."❤”
ignore my last tweets that was Martin, a crazy Slovokian!!
ahahaha yea I wanted want you to die enroute to vegas lmao
a future
you should stay haha
As we've reported in the past, the earliest the #INStateFair case would go to trial would be 2013
Um....Packer corners? & that's coming from a Pack fan No body can keep a team in the game like the Steelers Corners.
2weeks of school left im gonna shitttt my pants.
Thanks bro
#WhatGives I made a milkshake and no boys are in my yard! #Damnit -_-
Screaming "hey you" at someone you barely know but see all the time won't get you far. Take the time to learn their name :)
Mention on twitter today and we'll send you a free download for our single "Deadlocks"!
if you would FOLLOW ME id be the happiest #boyarianator in the world <333 2
All my hunger game homies can you give me a hoorah!
why are people so nosey? RT for that good ol' follow
While you was in school and bustin' ya fuckin' ass, I was ditchin' class and havin' a fuckin' blast.
Honestly, is like the only thing I ever talk about anymore...I wonder if people get annoyed with me? #OhhWell #IDontCurr (:
Ya'll mother fuckers owe me for all the shit I hook you up with.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PAYTON... you said my name was pretty before hehe thankyou!<3
Now that livin life Grouch Much Love. Real
how's it going???
yeah. Well at least you have stuff to do over the summer. I don't got any friends here.
New favorite word
Started Stockton Beer Week. Visit our page and hit 'like.'
BTW - only 60 pages left in boom two... Obviously you know what I'm doing right now! Let's hope I can read quickly :-)
7246505905 i think im in there as 2gz
Mac Miller fans are silly. Where's ya osiris and bookbags at??? 👆
