I like!
Open Mic tonight...Smoot Mahooty Friday & Saturday nights...Come on down!
are you not going to school??
Orchestra concert wensday... Final concert of the year. #ThisShouldBeFun ^.^
BOOZLE MA NOOZLE! see you later girl. YOU BETTER rap with me tonight since you know, will be nowhere to be found
Soft ass mom
if election were today, Jamaal would win.
haha that's good. Had me worried there. But not I just feel stupid lol
I'm on a search committee for my school looking for new teachers, I always ask about how they use SM to enhance their practice
Morning Rockstars! > Life, in all ranks and situations, is an outward occupation, an actual and active work. - W. Humboldt
Listened to the Sisters podcast and they mentioned working with my special education teacher, Janet... Can't wait to see the video!
I actually really like this idea.
Keep shorting China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan stock markets.
Happy Birthday !
Please Lord protect us from each other
C'mon. We all know the bipolar FSU team was just waiting to come out.
thanks mama! Happy Mother's day ; ) miss and love you too! Have a lovely day!
There is nothing wrong with a life of peace and prosperity.
i dont even know where to begin haha
because you like to hit girls
I'm always a fan of onions in scrambled eggs, but otherwise I'd keep it simple.
Well Happy NATO! Cops everywhere. Chicago is gunna be a hot mess.
#signsurahoodratmother Your 4 year old can roll his own joint.
You made it!!
The NCTE_CCCC twitter acct has used #cccc12, so is that official?
Saying "YOUR WELCOME!!!" really loudly when people don't thank you.
Ah!!!! I'm jumping up and down in the dressing room, so stoked about the Video of the Year award!!! Thank you! Thank you! You guys...!
Why not??  RT : I jus dont have anythin to say to you
lol lol you gave them a show now its my turn....
this ish is cray as the kids say.
Still enjoyed it immensely, and was surprised by the performances of Banks and Tucci (a character I didn't care for much in the books).
What has two thumbs and is totally exhausted from a long day at work? THIS gu...z
Cool. #firstdrafts RT : Love to tweet? Love craft #beer? Then join us TONIGHT 7-8p CST for an online conversation.
#shmoocon talk rejected. Probably should have picked a con with less competition for my first talk. At least I have a ticket. :)
Great article by Catherine on sustainablity.Helping me to understand how to up the quality and preserve my petinaed leather
oh btw, i finally got around to reading some #kurtvonnegut...he's genius
My pleasure!
"cHECKOUt" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
oh okay
Great call by the ump on the Dog-Ass lowlife Mutts racist pitcher.
we love you more! ;) <3
I wish u guys could hear the vocal warm-ups being done in the room next door! I'm terrified...then I remember I do the exact same ones.
Bitter cold to grip Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Regions thru Weds. Wind chills could dip as low -20°F at times (esp at night/early am).
If I had hair, I wouldn't be bald.
I knoww it sucks..a lot-.-
your fuckin fake. fake, fak, fake, fake, fake, fake, fake, fake, fake. GET A LIFE MUTHAA FUCKAA
I literally lol'd at that. Nothing wrong with a little confidence tho! Maybe borderline conceited but meh could be worse
I Swear Iz Satin's Child Diz Bytch Keep Up SO Much BullShyt On Diz Show.
Lol. That's the right thing to do...
works in a fish shop as odor :DD
Just finished playtesting online game with great group of Carver High students in Houston. Thanks to Betsy Breier/Houston A+
Oh my i'm so heart break right now. mY B_Day hello why are you my friend!
Watchin wrong turn 4 i am so scared:((_____________:((
how is this so?
I died my hair dark brown!:)
Today is get sh1t done (GSD) day. If you don't have a degree in GSD then you need to start today. -Zach Marcy
Question...What kind of vitamins would you like to see on our website? Let us know!
I sleep with a nightlight
The very simple fact at the heart of the Tommy Rees arrest: The young man still doesn't make good decisions.
"People saw how strong I was and thought I was out of shape." No, people thought that cause you were, and fat.
I love people who make dreams come true<3(;
Huffpo bloggers have consistently shown themselves out of the loop and inept in every way possible. Shocking for a Yahoo! site, right?
I am great! Thank you for asking. Looking forward to your tweets.
I've met/seen you one time ever in my life. I'm not your "bitch :)".
So what if everybody is at SXSW. I'm at snack by snack west.
I'm definitely bringing something store bought to the work xmas potluck but not potato salad. Curse the person who brings potato salad.
Thanks for all the love. I made the first cut! Round 2 next Sunday.
True confession: I only know enough sign language to say that I know sign language.
middle school dance. kids are too cute.
I'm going to miss after we graduate.
I need a blanket.
what is pyroxene in laymans terms?
Nigga what the fuck happen to u!?
Got to share the stage with Kenny Loggins last night!!!
Sure, good luck with that. No rush. Eric
Or just have a different opinion.
RT : Haah #MW3 won best shooter. I'm not mad but #BF3 definitely deserved some shine.
When the police are in riot gear and holding weapons to protect rich people... are they really part of the 99%?
stuntin is a is a habit
Thanks so much to everyone who supported and attended our Special Needs Resource Fair yesterday. Who did you meet? What did you learn?
Even though I promised myself I wouldn't risk the chance of getting hurt again, for some reason, when I'm with you, it all is worth it.
Are you watching this show?
Its a vanilla sky!
work in the am! Make dat money son...don't let it make you! Night world
I've been a member since Nola
god dam i jammed my knee during football i wonder if i can play nxt game
Getting psychologically ready to get my wisdom teeth removed tomorrow while watching the Vampire Diaries. Yes, I watch that shit.
Love never fails; Character never quits; & with patience & persistence; Dreams do come true. -Pete Maravich
following You
totally good-weird, though...right?
Agree, ! has hired writers, tech analysts, trainers, program mgrs--all librarians, and all impeccably smart and talented.
Countdown to something new and exciting for Dearly Departed Tours! (Hint: you can't have a crime scene without a street address.)
I called you back. >_<
Working with a Bible from 1572 right now.
#RangersForTheWin there my team so GO RANGERS
At least moms getting me subway! ☺
#BasketballProblems when u run the play star and totally forget that u have to make a layup.
Jesus Is My Virtue ♫♫
someone who's real.... "playable" 😂
Texas up to midfield, but the clock is ticking....
June sounds great, late June. Gotta trip to Seattle early june
Bringing a sign to tonight's game that says "Wizards, shoot the ball, not each other. Thank you."
So tell me about those dreams of me you where having last nite!
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
Congratulations to all of the new alumni in Central Florida who are graduating on Saturday!
Eating churros at La Churrerio on Mulberry St. Happy camper in NY!
senior religion life lessons I learn from the best
what's sunday?
RT “: *excited* is about to cook these steaks ! I been waiting on this all day:)." < owwww Chefgirlrdri! Lmaox
LookBackMaps and associated sites are currently down & we are tracking on status.
Good Luck
I am waiting for Revenge! lol
O them fightin words! I have many come backs but ill be nice :) We seein you tonight?
#ThePreperation Its almost time... #StarGang Till Death....
RT : thank u baby *muwah* <<<You already know!
maybe 15 minutes?
Another warm race day. is gonna show us how it's done!
Gradventure was fun <3 but now I can't sleep and my back hurts, wtf is wrong with my life? Lol.
Just made a sandwich with what I thought was fake veggie turkey but what was actually uncooked wonton wrappers. It tasted about the same.
Twitbird is acting up. I need a better twitter app
If your a Gamer click on the Evil Controller Ad at the bottom of the page. They have some kick ass controllers/ http:www.myhelpfullinks.info
2012 film watching! #33. The Toolbox Murders (Donnelly, 1978). Very rediculous horror film. It made me laugh quite a bit.
Month of May-hem
#askvinny WILL YOU LET ME BUY YOU A PET KANGAROO?
see why happens when you graduate! I told you not to do it!
Happy birthday to my idol my wish is to do a song with you.
Do you mean, driving immediately after a pin & skip? I love the decoy motion idea - keeps the D honest.
congrats girl :))
Good stuff! RT gearing up for first day of work on #happilydivorced - looking forward, should be fun!
Happy Labor Day to all. Special THANKS to all those in the labor movement who help(ed) make our society & movement what they are today
Walking on the beach
Thanks! Def want a bike but waiting until the good deals some around. Wish you still had your tent sales in #ROC well Macedon.
Wait, isn't that a t-shirt at U of C?
Happy August Hoyas! We'll be holding fall auditions in early September so keep a look out for dates to come! /yd
Your feedback is great, and we are working hard on getting our next issue retina ready. we hope you enjoy Installation Mag
just landed!!! Can't wait to see you tomorrow 2nd period!
they will praise you only if you turn the dead kittens into a high fashion dress afterwards and wear it to an awards show.
I understand that the 155 class is the most hungry and promising but peeps seem ready to throw you back in asap! #supchamp?
Jay-Z's Life + Times Site: 10 Ways To Make It More HOV
One long month. If not more
2013 6'3 Post, Emily Gustafson is done for the year w/a torn ACL. She was progressing very well, hate 2 c a kid get hurt like that!
Good day tweets! Hope everyone is doing good!
Our CO. needs serious investors or people who know investors..$2,750,000 in commission to be shared.
Hi HT Cute ktty Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
We will be holding an information session at Trinity Washington University this Thursday at 12 pm. Email to learn more!
i think we have ourselves a deal then
When I'm writing, I know I'm doing the thing I was born to do. -Anne Sexton
Girls you need to pierce your ears once and stretch them and not pierce each ear like 8 times.
Hey!;) Thanks for the follow!
#weak!!! You better believe it. Bout to be rich up in here! Lolol
Refs continue to hate caps
Artograph is sponsoring the 17th Annual Cray-Pas Wonderful, Colorful World Contest. www.sakuraofamerica.com/Craypas-Art-Contest
Sending Valentine love to all of you from Safe & Sound!
Wow you are stunning. I see why told the twitterverse to ask you out.
better bring your p-bone...
Limbaugh's right-should see people on medications using them. Watching a bloated man spin out of control on pain killers is gr8
That awkward moment when a hot couple has the ugliest kids..
Your mind is much more powerful than anyone's opinion. Be true to yourself....
Day is cloudy.. :-) Thanks...for asking
I LOVE NEW YORK CITY BUT ITS COLD!!!
Send me link so I can check yall out bra bra.
y'all str8 stupid
Yes I do, I make videos every once in awhile to perfect my voice & i upload them
You know it.
Looking forward to my presentation today with www.guardmyhealth.com - all about social media
It was perfect weather, perfect setting. We had a blast!
The purpose of life is a life of purpose!
But they're playing of Montreal so I'm gonna stay
ICE THE GAME!
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Yo mama's so stupid she can't pass a blood test.
joy of discovering a new technique to recover swallowing muscles in chronic neurlogical conditions.
#DontBother when I'm sleeping. If you do, it's no my fault when you get hurt or stop breathing.
Yes, UTD! I was in your Intro to Film a few years ago; my focus was Holocaust. Well, still is.
unreal. i cant even walk around. but i might get the bike out to the grocery store later. should be interesting
Freelance writing for tonight. Veronica's Peoples Club in Greenpoint. Woo hoo!
looks like its gonna be surgery
"What you are aware of you are in control of; what you are not aware of is in control of you ~Anthony de Mello: Was a priest, spirituality
Life is too short to wake up with regrets. So love the people who treat you right & stop stressing about the ones who don't.
exactly a year since graduation...
Owe, dat workout felt good to me! #showerflow bbl
Thanks! same here
RT : Please show Tannehill's wife.....please show Tannehill's wife......SAY PRETTY PLEASE!!!!
": If you drink enough, your brain starts photoshopping people."
Yeah, I know, did you read the garbage they said in the article? They are just pure filth.
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE
so oh well
If you SEM campaign is larger than 20% or your total marketing budget, you have never experienced the benefits of a successful SEO results.
Great work - 10th year as anchor team. Past WISE Woman of the Year award winner!
nah son
massagers! Get it right.
www.platinumposts.com Get News About your favorite Music artists and tv stars REMEMBER WHERE YOU HEARD IT FIRST www.platinumposts.com
why have I not seen you guys? Im here!
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions. ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
word? let me know the next time ya'll do that. i'll be there.
RT My thoughts and prayers go out to all of the victims in the Sandusky case.
When will I get to see him 💔
why if a Asian came up with the idea ?!
4 real what dey called? R THEY ABOUT MB?CANT WAIT TO SEE(HEY THAT RHYMES XD)#NARLII!
Georgetown advances in the NAIA playoffs after a 21-7 win over visiting Benedictine College.
I pulled out the manischewitz and I'm ready to go!
It honestly hurts every time I see DeMarco Murray's name. Oh what could have been.
,.. this guys is straight tweeting real ass shit.
Dayummmn the NBA made some moves today
The #Tarlton essay has taken on the tone of a manifesto. Didn't expect that.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Like the song! Come to this house!
Thanks for offers. Heard from one of my readers who may do the work. Will keep you in mind!
Guterman: We are good as a society at reacting to problems. We need to be proactive, strategize early.
Reading 'let my people go surfing' by Yvon Chouinard of Now I know why I want to start a business...
Anyone good with CSS? I'm having positioning problems on a vertical navigation menu. :(
this is rigged ;(
can i get some chips with that salsa? nice catch
Thank you. For some reason the map isn't displaying. : /
Dear saints run the ball
happy birthday!
It's just freaky outside right now.
They have transitioned so beautifully as a band. Every song so far has somehow personally touched me.
What an lol end to day 1, we are all told we are to be dealt 1 hand, I get aa in the bb and the sb thinks it will be cute to...
Cross: I think the way you're describing crowding out is really effective. Do you see way to offer DC to current employees as well? CFO: No.
Jobs in the housing market: no job training, immediate employment now, reduce foreclosure rate, retain or increase value in existing homes
- #BORED.... In dha bed just txtinq away.!!
Thinking about your after #cam2012 plans? Join us for happy hour at jupiter in dwnt berkeley from 6:30-8!
i'm looking 4 new workplaces that wnt free health information. I give a gr8 presentation called "your mother was rt, sit up str8!"
me too but mine respinds
RT : Zoning Commission: Student testimony was "very helpful" at #GUCampusPlan hearing.
And then the dog ate the Grinch! Things are looking UP!
Impress Mom this #MothersDay with delicious #homemadesalsa! It only takes 30 seconds to prepare, but we’ll keep that secret between us!
beauty is not only skindeep,inlove wth your mind
as if he will get pre-selected. He is trying to pave the way for his son to run...
happy mother's day to all the outstanding & non-outstanding moms across the world...
Need to transcribe a 45-minute interview and whittle it down to a 10-minute story. Before tomorrow.
ALO - Man Of The World - 10:21 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
If you want to smell like a Mexican roadhouse after lunch, then by all means knock yourself out.
M El Burrito best Mexican food place E-V-E-R!!!
Bout to k.o I got sold out
#someoneiwanttomeet my inpsiration, he's my everything, & i would do ANYTHING to meet him. <3
LOL what did I do now?!
My headache disappeared after getting caffeine in my system. Mom thinks it was a sinus headache. I'm just glad the headache is gone!
Hillary Clinton to Congress: "He's a very smart man but he is unfortunately not bound by the laws and regulations any longer of the US..."
Thanks for blogging about the first ! Love to give you two free tickets to the next event!
Freddie the Shark is at it again - new on my writing prompt blog today. Come write with me :) www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
no problem
is singing at the historic Allerton hotel TONIGHT 7-11pm with a BURNING trio.Free admission, validated parking...drink, eat & applaud. xoxo
Yeah buddy RT Done. With. Law School.
I was gunna drop 20 f-bombs in my status on fb but I forgot both of my younger siblings added me. Fuckkkkkkkkk.
oh, and none of my shifts I registered for are showing up.
Bored as hell
Hittin' the bricks for the first time since my little dizzy spell. Nice and easy... Wish me luck!
I'm among the last few, holding down the fort & not switching to the Facebook timeline until the absolute last moment.
#Mahomie? yes she is so follow her>>>
Really yummy post work out super smoothie: frozen banana, cup of blueberries, cup of fresh orange juice and 3 kale leaves.
Welcome to the Great Northwest! Isn't it beautiful here?
WHERE U LIVE AT
Starting the summer #internship search! QUALIFIED & motivated applicants please email
Glad to hear is back in the Brewers system.
RT: Gr8 leaders ENGAGE those they lead and serve. Theres much to be learned from those around you! Do you lead by engaging others?
Good day, except the rain...
For sure just email it to me when youre done!
Woot woot #Capitals win! What an exciting and awesome finish! :)
Great job Nina! She rocked the interview.
Jumped in the pool without checking the water. I think my manhood disappeared for a moment
Halloweentown is on. Throwback!
what's that...? I feel stupid for asking....
Suggestions for ! best practices database, more access to what's happening around world, address inclusion vs. exclusion
Good stuff!
lol they don't want it bruh!!
Thanks bud, lemme know if you find my keys.
thanks. Where were the donuts???? Lmao.
no before you enter anything.
Tomorrow is the day and have been planning for since January. #getstocked!!
I understand. Try to get some rest.
RT : Someone asked about making sushi. I highly recommend the "Teach Me Sushi" app. Sushi how-to videos.
Can you give a S/O to my 5yr old son named Alex? Hes a big fan of UK. My cuz is Coach Dustin Smith. Thanks!! # BBN
AH DOING SUMMER SOFTBALL!!! I don't give a crap what my dr says about my shoulder, I wanna swing a bat again
Gonna pray long and hard because this is a huge decision, but I think I know what I wanna do with my life
last night was another Hall of Fame performance by our guy Chipper!!!!
similarities between Romney and Pres Obama in a few words
#BICSI Fall Conference just started!
You MUST make the choco cups & take pix- & one for you & one for tochter! :-)
|| you won't be saying that when you see my new pic at 2,000 followers.
lol I heard a kid telling an other kid about his mom lol it was so funny
Of course I will! A flight for you, your brother, and mom?
good point. why doesn't it now?
whats the team you are watching
The trouble with holiday deadlines. Oh so sad.
Hi Amber! I saw you, too. Everything is good, but still job hunting. Hope you're well.
it's not that bad on my 60d
tweeting in class?
Let's please God with what we say & do. "We make it our goal to please him, whether we are at home in the body or away from it."-2 Cor 5:9
#3WordsForYou I Still Care.
Warren Buffet is so minimalist -- truly ahead of his time!
was it fun?
yeah baby ! Im back !:D lol ne ways please help me get some true psanderette followers :) (additional to the ones i have) :)
Twitter would be my choice, followed by Facebook and Google Plus. Twitter provides best engagement w/least time/effort needed.
we can xchange that way!!
Friday May 13th will be your lucky night. follow us for the High Tech High art exhibit of "The Body."
locked in the bathroom
I have no more energy to give a shit.
RT Sometimes God pushes us to our limits. It's because he has greater faith in us than we have in ourselves..
DUNK AND FOUL! GAME TOED AGAIN AND #THUNDER COULD TAKE LEAD!!
In any given moment, do I choose to strengthen the delusion of separation or the truth of connection?-Sharon Salzberg
About to pass out after running home for #MOTD. My fitness is so flipping crap
Thank you for being hilarious & entertaining!
Cant please them all
Oh what a beautiful morning. Oh what a beautiful day! If this is what they call winter, I'll take it come what may! Cold is coming! So what!
this isn't new! We've been talking about this since my child was in school
Word on the street is that Metta "Ron" World Artest Peace just got sponsored by Krafts "Elbow Macaroni" lol
I just saw a black guy in panera
F*ck! That's what I forgot to do! Brit, I'm back!
Its official my flight is booked. Austin here I come!
“: U have started a movement! #TammiThatHoe we fixing the world one slap at a time! Lmao!” I'm lovin it!! LMBO
ill text you.
You're not going to put that comment up so we can all troll him? Wait, that's such a guy solution.
That's good to hear. Just waiting in 2 more months to go to a Dodger games.
is whatever about everything right now
What topic might motivate you to write 250 words for your colleagues on the GSA website?
I just completed a 1.33 mi bike ride in 27:05 using Check out my route in Oklahoma City! soc.li/UUDcaNR
We're sharing your joy in this! Hope all is well! RT What a gorgeous fall day!
Once they start getting to you, they always will.
Nov. 12, 2009 - WWC annual auction fundraiser. We're looking for someone willing to donate a kayak - new or used! Suggestions? Please RT!
you got these dudes wasting their time driving to GB? LMAO
Listening to Ruth Clark - managing mental load; focusing on text and visuals in learning.
Today doesn't have the feel of a Thursday. Feels more like a Monday or Tuesday.
I want some Supra Boots
Amen RT : Dropping all channels except because I hate being forced to watch videos. Did u fire all yr writers?
Better Consciousness tip: People who are achieving better results than you are, will assist you to see things you normally wouldn't see
This waking up early shit is getting old!
So tired after a busy day of a party, shopping and pet supply store fun.
Well today was a big success!! We start another #kitchen #remodel project w/ the proposed #Silestone Koan. Full of Rich Color Excited!!!!
30% OFF OF CLASSES WITH A FREE 18 FOUNDATION PALLET AND 8 PIECE BLUSH SET! PLEASE CONTACT THE STUDIO AT 248-477-5548
how are your farts smelling this morning?
Dude I am a big Rangers fan.
"If the only prayer you ever said in your whole life was 'thank you,' that would suffice." - Meister Eckhart Happy Thanksgiving! Kate
If you're at ALA Midwinter stop by the LexisNexis booth #2329 and check out LexisNexis Academic & LexisNexis Library Express.
What can I say - photog rules! (Actually, you got the photo the right way -my web designer reversed it 4 the page)
Have to admit I appreciate effort that went into troubleshooting interface. It's very friendly. Just suggested coffee.
I Play By My Own Game & Play Off Yo Game
I literally want to post a picture every 5 seconds.
Schweet! thanks for the follow.
"what would you do if you were Selena gomez for a day?" Lou - "look at myself naked" HAHAH
Congrats to everyone getting iPad2 tomorrow!
Finally! RT : Cecil Shorts logs his first NFL catch.
Congrats and good luck!
I love Evelyn.
Leonardo, Donatello, Michaelangelo and... one more... I know it!!! But I always forget the other damn ninja turtle
Latte time!@ BKL
Then, sign the executive order! - "I still believe in you, & I’m asking you to keep believing in me."'
I just wanna be rich and famous already!
But whenever Monday comes, but whenever Monday comes, you can find me cryin' all of the time.
Hey Lauren, really cute background image!
Make sure that you check out our newly sponsored show, "Comedy Gumbeaux, Life Happens," today on WGSO AM 990 from 3-4PM!
I'll help! Thank You Joan ♥
i have so many ideas for these shirts i wanna make.... i just can't decide which idea to actually do.
Let's hope tonight is as good as last night!
Thanks so much. The SWF download worked great and it showed up in Prezi... you guys rock!
needs to answer his damn phone
Don say all that bullshit to me if u didnt mean it
Feels so good!
hm, the #WilliamStill doc on PBS is done a-la reenactors and 1st person diary excerpts...
b/c you love it and you're good at it! How are you feeling?
HHB 427, fourth floor. Left out of elevator, straight down hall, door on left past the sociology department.
we'll have to make a stop up there when you come back
it's gonna be a scorcher today! ☀
Damn brewers need the win tonight!!
B. Griffin is getting killed right now. He has to use some of that athleticism on the defensive end of the court.
I am very outgoing!
At least you get more time with your family.
Go Lakers! RT : Come join me at the this Wed to watch the Lakers take on the Clippers. Party starts @ 7pm!
Follow if he get to 200 followers he will pick the first 10 people before the 201 follower He has 197 right now need couple more
German Shepherd Male Plush Coat turning two - Central Illinois ...
all good, can't wait to see what ya'll deliver next (pun kinda intended).. that sodalite bracelet is nice
new follower in Brasil #helloglobalization wish i could read in your language too...
awww :) Thanks, Liam! That was so thoughtful! I know you probably won't see this but I thought I'd thank you anyway :)
Embrace who you are, there is no else as unique as you k.
Need to make mac & cheese during intermission.
What a wonderful compliment - Jerrejeff! I hope you enjoy the rest of what's to come. :)
Watching Mary Mary with Viggle Thu | 21 | WE Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Looks like a number of the schools in the teacher cuts database also had dramatic enrollment drops
RT : "Make sure your profile picture is colorful & professional."
it's kinda side that places do
Love me now, love me never, but if you love me, love me forever.
Trying to figure out this twitter thing, BACK in ACTION! Representing AFRICA always! STAY TUNED!
bitches (read: teenage boys) love my new haircut
which one shpulf i get Iphone 4 or Samsung Galaxy sII skyrocket ?
Dark After Thoughts: Sinister, Sultry and Sophisticated only on ParaRock TV www.pararocktv.com Mondays at 10p.m est.
Tennis, check. fix, next. Cut grass, Hoyt Park pool on the radar.
Love waking up and knowin owes me $20 :)
great minds think alike :)
Win Bonnaroo tickets by helping hungry pets
#FF ::: GOOD FRIEND ALERT!!!! (she's a unique penguin)
looking at mirrors in bathroom like "holy shit am I getting thinner ? I'm to0 handsome to die! No! "
Distinction b/n technology and "offline" cultures is also problematic in most pieces on social media.
haha! also thought boyfriend was on left. Next time...
where's the preakness party?
Nice little rally by the to close the first quarter.
I'm cranky....but I know it could be worse. It could be raining. Or Monday.
No kidding. ": I hope people proceed with caution here and don't jump to conclusions until everything comes out."
i was gonna say hi but i thought it would be awkward.... lol
Pair you dinner with a wonderful micro brew or wine and enjoy!
Artificial insemination is when the farmer does it to the cow instead of the bull.
slept for 14 hours. I must have been really tired
Thanks Btw, thoughts on Jermaine Paul winning The Voice? lol
big night for ! 1st place, website, president of the year for
Why did I go out with a wife-beater? Because I'm Dominican and I don't give a fuck. :)
Need to get more arts folks into DH. Post docs aren't available to architects/artists (no Doc!)
It's #Impossible to wait so long for someone when you know your mind is made up and their isn't.
dm d you
Am so glad it stop raining...Boy i was getting
I haven't been to Bilbao yet. Tried last yr. Couldn't get a hotel. I ended up in Valencia.
New TRAEX Safety Mate colored foodsafety products in stock, including quick chill wands, colered bus tubs, and ice totes.
You got it you funny, crazy group of geniuses
RIP Steve Jobs.
Yep, those are shades. Such a creative photographer you are! ;)
Don't worry, I try to tweet more than once a year.
lazy day..
Yes! I love SF. Was just thinking that I'd love to come out here or somewhere in Cali and teach again soon.
of wisdom. You're good at saying the right thing at the right time. Happy Friday!
allergic reaction to my tanning lotion
Finishin my project on :) presenting/singin tomorrow #hyped!
Congratulations new members!
Wow. Really. My mom made 3 cinnamon rolls and I go to eat one and my brother and sister decided to split it so they could have 1 1/2
No - "what I do now" is what you do, blow out the eggs. Not enough room in the tweet!
Avoiding social networks for the next couple hours. Fuck your annoying sports updates. All of you.
I hate when ppl tell me what to do like I'm 10 yrs old
You know #MadMen has reached mainstream when tweets about every episode:"How BACK is this Mad Men!! Brilliant!!"
What is YOUR favorite New Mexican dish? Do you like burritos? Rellenos? Let us know! We'd love to hear from you La Salita Nation!
HII!! I JUST PRE-ORDERED THE 1D MOVIE AND BOOK ^_^ I also got a tee-shirt.
Less than 30 minutes! Ha! OMFG IM SO EXCITED!! I know im gonna cryy Lol
is the vet open now?
no no i think you lie ;) but its nice lies that i could get used to ;) hehe
thanks for telling me!!! Congrats! I TOLD YOU!!
This 3 hour #Raw got me twitter jailed :/
yes, yes, yes!
It's a Bloody Wrap!
when I cross the Mississippi River I expect to be in a different state, not here tho... too many years living in La Crosse I guess
Bumpin Mozart Requiem
Why can't Apple come up with an update that doesn't lead to another update. Install 5, then install 7 - on a machine that was up
#scrum Are you doing 2 wk sprints on both web and shrink development?
I think you and I may have different definitions of "balanced". Agree to disagree until June 5th! :)
Composers of New Music: are your typically registering your works with BMI or ASCAP? Need to decide which license to get. Cant afford both.
Stay To Myself, Sometimes I'm Hella Lonely!
To borrow a line from "Dune," range anxiety is the mind killer. The more I learn -- pro and con -- about EVs, the more I want one.
Thank you for the RT and all you do for the #glutenfree community! The videos with Dr. G are the best!
These morning classes are killing me.
I never said most of the things I said.
don't underestimate the damage that high gas prices inflict on the economy . stop speculation on gas prices now !!!
With the embarrassingly abundant pockets on these cargo pants you can contain multitudes, yet impress no one.
i hate being sick during the summer ):
Just made the smartest decision ever after #bikramyoga:
Thankful Thursday: What are you thankful for?
Q for cpyright session: in VoiceThread &animoto, should the images all be CC or public domain w/attribution? i think so, but never see...
How to brand yourself? through your music, the way you deliver your music, and the way that you interact with your fans
jeez i forgot my yahoo messager password UGGGG!!!! i had to re-set a new one god!
Check out the "Wish Upon A Car Event" on May 5th via
I tried My Best But it Wasnt Enough
you+kelsey don't need to worry,you are a legend also haha<3
#threewordsformyex I miss you
Jennifer Love Hewitt is still ridiculously hot
Rollin' around Tempe listening to #NEMOMC!!!!!
We'll be singing in the #rain today at #SummerJam2011 in Waterworks Park!
where are you now
I'm glad you noticed that the menu was a sentence! We kinda slipped that in for the fun of it! :)
i know it is i was just messin around like i always do u knw me
Our office will be closed until 930am this morning for an All-Staff meeting. Swing by after 930am and we'll be happy to help you.
Welp, there goes my Monday. All day editing session with a Knicks fan (yikes!) Aka
Congrats! RT : Just signed an agreement to become a Contributor for This is going to be fun
agreed 100%. Hard 2 believe such the gr8 business has made it so difficult 4 (as you say) normal ppl. Excited about shifting it.
Yes, it was quite good. I may add a section to in the future on generating Java types.
yarr, gonna do my best. Got a crazy Saturday as it is. But I think Thomas should see Lana Del Rey!
"Omit needless words!" Don't overload your #writing with unnecessary words. Say it simply. Your reader will be grateful.
Just got home from my 5th grader's game. He handled the same baserunning situation a lot better than Plouffe.
ask him if he thinks horses should wear a top hat.
My brother's little boyfriend is over again lololol
we look retarded?
For the past 90 min watched my WWF dev team debug game code . They know how complicated the project is yet they never give up.
Tacos truck at Eat the street were so good!! CA mexi food snob and I was impressed!!
unfortunately the card is just for stills and I don't have another device that can read mini hdv
360 Signs is also an active member of a HubSpot User Group with other Signworld members
it's a compliment
That's the perfect mall for an OJ!
some1 help me..!!! have new song???? plz tell me
Looking for all types of individuals that have a mortgage industry background
I've got so many things to do within the next two weeks.
My sister is gonna be famous and when that happens she is gonna take me or to party w Justin bieber
It was a pleasure meeting you at the Tweet Up.
There's a lot of chatter....no not cheddar....is there cheddar ?
I feel sick and I have a headache. Ugh.
Now we're going to turn to discussing #Afghanistan and also
When someone has a spelling error in their bio.
that's right my love, we sure are the lucky ones this time :)
♬ 1963 Elvis was at No.1 in U.K. with "You're the Devil in Disguise" his 14th No.1 in the U.K. Although he never played any concerts there ♬
is that the famous person you were telling me about in german?!
Me and my mom hiding from the Jehovah's witnesses > lol
Entitlement: you are entitled to receive nothing in life but what you give, delusions of piety do no good
lol Don't give up hope just yet. You could always watch older episodes... Maybe a Seddie marathon?? :P
LMFAO I KNOW I LOOKED BACK AND WAS LIKE UHM OKAY LIVING IN THE PAST
I look up to all my friends in uplifting and positive relationships...Gives me alot to look forward to...
awesome! Stay tuned for ticket giveaways and like us on facebook if you already don't :)
Wow, Tim Howard now has 59 caps? That's amazing with as many games as Brad Freidal and Kasey Keller played.
Going to bed..#sweetdreamsy'all
Buck Franklin lecture featuring Dr. Jennifer Eberhardt starts at 6 p.m. Join us in the Price & Turpen Courtroom.
I can't imagine where I'd be if you had never rescued me
I got your cupcakes. :)
Did anyone lose blue hydro fins at SMC Saturday 7am?
no more Austream with the guys...=(
Did you know if you flick your nip, 10 seconds later it gets hard.
I believe that when you work on yourself, you are attracted by different, more positive beings.
Finally able to see our boyz :')
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! LOVE Denver!
/// Y'all think they're gonna score 100 by the end of 3rd quarter?
How about- "Nicole Atkins presents the turn of the new"
#ff video friends
- Hey! Sounds good :) Also interested in learning more bout ur development projects -
I think you might be disappointed. RT :
Back and triceps to some Tool...ChYeah
" I feel like I've just been taxidermed" - hahahahaha
JPM's market cap goes DN 9% to $141B. So mkt's punishment was worse than the reported trading loss. Where do JPM shares go from here?
Yay! Officially started with my Christmas shopping :-)
SISTA! HEY LIL PUDDING LOL (a customer called me that today lol)
tks good call!
Just Wanna Play LIVE @ M&S Grill in Reston, VA, January 8th!
I think the "itsy bitsy spiders" from today would have been better off washed down the water spout. Instead they are now smushed.
I know! haha, i really hope he sees it. (:
Same here I really need to snowboard
So Bored in woman terms means So Lonely
Real classy move by Artest elbowing a guy in the back of the head. And really classy LA fans cheering him .... Disgusting on both ends.
guys, it's always too nice out to go to class... even if it's pouring rain and freezing out.
I WANT that DVD because it's that ONE THING I'll stay UP ALL NIGGT to watch. I don't want anything MORE THAN THIS.
Summer needs to hurry up & get here already !
Or a leather vest and sing Forever….whatever blows your skirt up
I'm at the UW Center for Teaching & Learning poster session, Walker-Ames rm, Kane Hall. Come learn abt Critical Classrooms endorsement!
and his many faces<3
omg . I checked my mentions and interactions and it said "Austin mahone is following you" and I got all excited ..
Thomson: Gov said partisan bias was justified for the low deviations. There is nothing in record that compelled them to do it.
RT : If you want the same, do the same.
life goes on . . So light another blunt and watch the time go by :)
Had a great time at the GREEN FORUM, The Oh Group team thought they put on an informative program.
what u got up for the day
I'm so jealous! I love Charleston. I go there every spring break.
Your curiosity of learning is directly proportional to the knowledge you acquire. So be curious and learn more.
art store boys' booties...
what does the GOP need to know about that?
I just kidding I don't want you to
Last night when yelled "You Fucking Nigger!" super loud in MG.. lmao
i asked my mommy about tomarrow. so like... text me. k? k. (;
thanks for sharing, I hope to be both a viewer and contributer of your FB page. This is a great service that you provide.
Oh for heaven's sake - do those ridiculous little text ads that pop up in you-tube videos make anyone any fucking money?!
I need a new book to read too. Tell me!!!
If you don't like me, someone else will. If you're not missing me, someone else is. If you don't love me, someone else does.
Heading to Ripley's Believe-it-or-Not museum!! :D
you are my FAV people EVER! Now I know who's behind these Yay's!
Paradise Misfiled
I am High!! lol
Thank you, Jorge, for all you have given us. It's been a heartfelt pleasure sharing the last 17 years with you. We will miss you.
gonna pick Kirk Cousins?
Movie recommendation is Sidney Poiter in "Guess Who's Coming To Dinner"
RT : You have to do what others won't to achieve what others don't.
SPACE tour sunday with and :D #JMOMS crew is so close to completed! D:
my husband has 8 lbs of pork shoulder in the smoker - rarely seen him this happy
I've been so busy the last 3 weeks I just realized NBA playoffs are starting. Should I be worried the Lakers got the Nuggets first round?
ain't much bro, out here in LA. Where you playing at now?
Don't forget -- American Experience is running a new program on the Underground Railroad Monday February 6.
Passed a sign that says "donate your boat to charity." what the heck is a homeless person going to do with a boat.
Headed to my old stomping grounds, Sumner HS today, to watch SPSL Sub district Track & Field. Gonna watch future T-Bird, Cory Brandt!
I used to think that at one point :D
9.1 seconds away from brackets victory!
and are taking advantage of a fun girls night out happy hour with Who else is going to join us?
Going to check out 's TED talk now. Thanks.
There was a severe lack of shirtless super heroes in the Avengers. I agree.
Gonna need a #biggirldrink tonight!
You're fucking kidding me. what the fuck.
Thanks! Very appreciated.
congrats on the title change! It fits you well.
Thanks for the note! I did #followback!! :) :)
its almost my birthday :) its on wednesday it would mean alot to have a tweet from you
I do want to add that for the half second I was on screen, I nailed it. Stole the scene from Woody Harrelson.
- SLE adds contrib details. You just tell us what info to make public if any + u can donate as many copies as you want! S
Perhaps you need to learn how to write portable tweets ;- ).
My parents laugh at me too. I can't find your number, txt me plz.
Striphas is a good idea. I'm also considering a wider discussion with Carr's The Shallows and a short article on e-books.
If you love me won't you leave me cuz I want to settle down.
it is Sunday, the day of rest. give your brain a break
- ouch. Clubhouse must've been dead silent.
Oh party party ;) Sounds exciting.! I'm warming up my vocal chords. hahah
KEEP MY MUTHA FUCKIN MOMMA NAME OUT UR DAMN MOUTH U DNE KROSSED THE LINE !!!!
until that number gets you thrown in jai :)
Fuck them haters mane I don't even see em...
Seriously. That is ridiculous!
just booked MCPL aud. for Mar.13 (11a-1p)! Site coordinator for #Haiti Foundation Against Poverty will share her experiences since the EQ.
Case study in action RT : RT : Example of #SocialMedia Crisis Comm Mgt live. Check out 's <- Tweet Stream
Thanks for the follow! Love the collegiate natural hair group movement on your website.
Updating our facebook, artslant, blog, etc to add new #artservicesguild member David Adler (Art Gallery Services) to profiles...
Quick fast in a hurry, squat bounce drop, dirty.
haha. I was thinking the same thing. Trading clerk in KS!?!
Try the Chopped Cobb Salad : Romaine, Turkey, Gorgonzola, Avocado, Tomatoes, Cucumber, Bacon, Paris Dressing
tweet us if you have any questions about our services/products - we love helping people Feel Good!
your welcome :) that's what I do ;)
lmfaooo she sed ha breath stink
which one?! Lol
Aww, EA Mobile: they care about needy kids but not their own employees!
And I didn't think it could get any better! I'm baffled she is so clueless! LOL!
If you are an in Birmingham and want to see and learn about some interesting ascepts of the civil rights movement, then check out BCRI,...
I'm sick of every other night and every other fight.
RT “: When someone you thought was a good friend, deletes you on Facebook FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU”
LibX rollout FTW! We have to investigate some of those gadgets we saw yesterday, too.
Regardless of Noel or Muhammed UK is still a top 10 team. Don't stress.
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future
I miss BBRP!
I support policies that allow us to identify those students who cannot read proficiently and that require us to help them.
RT : Thanks! That Art Deco list was one of my absolute faves in the gift guide ;)...
Yeah! Congrats!
Taking the metro!
RT : you're just excited that you met someone else who has a zune player...lol /// truth.
I hate how my eyes are so itchy right now and they sting!! >.<
Heading to Hopkinton to get my packet for the Title 9.
Wanna dance and get acquainted with ye ole dubstep tonight? Then shuffle down to Turner Hall for Zeds Dead. Go for it! <(^_^<)
When im stuck in a situation I just stop wherever I am and just think
Bucks. Larry sanders. Embarrassing. RIP 2012 Campaign.
Txt to Baby Mom...Happy Mommy day--side note.. I should of used a condom
nothing cloud
thank you so much for supporting our rather ambitious project. please share with your art savvy peers.
It's probably not 'product' friendly. As a man, just be happy you have hair...
That shit done ran out an hour ago..
Josh Horton will add depth to 3rd base. Just wait and see.
People is so fuckin ungrateful.....they always want u to help them, but when u can't doing its a fuckin problem.
"HE DID NOT JUST WINK!! HE JUST WINKED!!" <3
Look at him. Look at his collar bone. OMG *A* if only I could see your abs...
Honestly, I wish I could come up with something eloquent or poetic to say about Adam Yauch. He was great. He was really great.
My cuzzo is prego & still says she has "Boy problems" -_____- I wanna slap her lil Puerto Rican ass...
Anyone brave enough to venture outside during this Phase 3 blizzard? What places are serving food and drink?
Due to customer demand we are adding a Double Chocolate Coconut Cupcake to the menu come January 2012.
hi! Thanks for following :)
speaking of weddings....you comin?
Spring is right around the corner, schedule your Spring AC Tune up now so you'll stay cool when it heats up! 919-325-0180
a teacher I worked with used: I would tell you to shut up, but I'm not allowed to use those words.
COMING TO BROADWAY BAR ? BROADWAY EXIT IS CLOSED , GET OFF ON AIRPORT IF COMING EAST OR NACO IF YOUR COMING WEST AND STAY ON ACCESS ROAD
I want to shopping but Im sure everything I would want is gone already.
At planning an program on #Business and #Jobs & Career resources with
Made my Wendy's stop, now I can officially get my day started :-)
Everything is a work in progress.
Oh. Now I get Ike and Tina's tune. RT : PROUD. Desirous of copulation. A proud bitch; a bitch at heat, or desirous of a dog.
are the lotus engines just junk or what? In other words, does have any shot at a pole repeat at Indy?
Hi Heather, reached out the day your account was hacked. Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist your brand. DM?
even if you can't mention certain customers, you can, and should, talk about what you know!
#AMAs were cool! congrats really glad 4u(: fav performance 4 tearing up the floor & singin live(: & of course LoL
Not trying to be rude, but your dick gets less action then a white crayon.
Been waiting 4 a long time now to get noticed by but its still not happened..austin pleasee notice me I still #believe u will♥
Headed down to practice, Go Birds!!
Good for you!
FAVORITE SONG BY THE CURE?....GO! ;)
lmao rubbing alcohol chased by tobasco sauce
we haven't used twitter too much..but thank you soo much for the encouragement!we really appreciate it<3
“: Anybody Biking to Work this week? #BikeWeek.. go green, get fit!” gotta pump up those tires!
Hey guys please follow me and ill follow you back <3 :)
Lmao this folks on here goin in on Drake ass
What...I need to back up my fb..have to find out how.
My Camera died before I could get pics of #TFK.. but I love how they made time to mingle. Love you guys!!!
Why did Kurt go to prom dressed as Slash?
It's a Beatles reference! I buried
My landlords cousin/brother/friend shattered our shower this morning. Awesome.
Oak Park early afternoon. DM me if you're around.
Watching toy story 2
how are you doing? :)
tell you team mates that this is our year for the super bowl and winning the game is the cowboys way. No more penalties let them
- Agreed! News is no longer an informational or educational vehicle but sensational. Maybe even a tool to manipulate.
you're crazy...can't believe you put that # out..lol
- living the dream.
Tue 9/13 Mark Towns bass w John Cain piano, vocal, harmonica at Eddie V's La Jolla
But I prefer to scream about ice cream, figuratively. This has been my summer of ice cream.
Unfortunately this workshop is way too science related so the #fashionfail is not the only #fail today.
Sign up for the The Capital City Half Marathon and use the code: CMAG11 to receive a $5.00 discount. Good luck with training!
happy bday :-) may your wishes come true
apple loewes takeover valid?
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
The happiest day of my life was when I asked my fiancé to marry me. :) <3 XOXOXOXO cc:
Whelp, at least I know that stress has one positive quality: weight loss.
Not hatched? haha Couldn't resist. :)
Tomorrow I won't be talking much. If I don't say hello, just know its because of the #DayofSilence <3
When Miranda & Afton aren't working, Meander's Cafe goes from being the city's best to just another above-average diner with a too-long wait
SPIRIT, IT LIFTS HUMANITY UP. WE NEED MORE SPIKE LEES. AND FEWER HORROR FILMS. THEY ARE CHANNELING DEMONS TO MAKE THESE FILMS. ANTHONY
Hell yea! SMH! RT : Memphis need to be fuckin ashamed of themselves
I'm down. RT : I think we should just ignore everyone.
steeple update!!!! Please!!
it's a sandwich with a waffle bun on top and on the bottom and a waffle in the middle as the meat, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles etc. - eugene
The hardest goodbye I've ever had to make, but the one that will be the most worth it in the end.
Ready for part 2.......The atmosphere is charged for God to have His way! R u ready??? I am......
It is!
HATE IT!!! Sadly, I have to deal with that or other variations of pigishness on a daily basis at work.
I got all excited to see Oh Carolina trending... then I realized nobody is talking about Count Ossie or the Folkes Brothers.
I was thnkng. What if I do bake sale in front of APPL store to raise $ for my Apple Fund. Consider it nonprofit.
Stay Thirsty my Friends..never settle for anything! On my #motivational tip this morning! Dreams into Reality
Clear and present danger
I usually do plain lime, but that sounds awesome!
what does #nf stand for?
If anyone is already on board to start #UltimateReset and is looking for a support group, we have one started on FB! DM me for details
Hhahah - Oh that was perfect!!!! -
Luck of the Irish to all you celebrating today
it would be awesome if I could claim either. My participant got the "its time" call mid-interview.
I taught in Cambodia, and Thailand. Teaching was terrific. Where did you teach? #EFL ,
Just updated my band Nigh School's blog. Check it out. www.nightschooled.blogspot.com
Thanks for the mention! :)
“: thank you for bringing us together. AKA a recipe for disaster :D ”hahah hell ya!!!!
Evil genius PR consultant would re-brand "lobbying" as "civic duty" & corruption would continue apace...
I couldn't sleep until midnight. I planned to sleep in until 7, but woke up at 6...
It is kinda funny when you are at a store and they ask you "are you finding everything okay?" and when you say "hi... actually no, I ne ...
Just got done picking out outfits/ styling for my photo shoot & interview tomorrow with Austin Fusion Magazine.
Who Want It?
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off.
Disappointed with how the bulls as a team are playing
What's with the sound on WOI? Tryin' to hear the Cyclones!
Hacked by haha love u lots julz! - grace
Congratulations to the Alpha Delta Pledge Class! Proud to welcome 44 new brothers into our fraternity!
if you haven't seen the south park episode on this, you've got to find it
wish it was already my senior year.. tired of waiting
Attending Filmmaker Boot Camp at GI Film Festival May 18 in DC. Looking 4ward to hearing from top Hollywood film pros. Sign up!
": uh get it together" get wat together???
That just means you'll get criticism for not including mainstream names. Good luck.
I was actually;)
These chicks today are pure whores....
Hi Vinny.. Can i pretty please get a hi back? '=)
“: Thanks for spreading a little love on Amazing festival for those with short THANKS guys!
The good die young #True ..
that guy is the anti-Bartman. Weaksauce.
Need an e-reader/tablet for my 1,000s of research PDFs. On the one hand, notetaking and compy syncing! On the other, e-ink! Ideas? Advice?
talent is luck, you shouldn't beat yourselves up over it -- lots of honest work out there MoveOn
One in six Americans are living in poverty
I'd rather hit rock bottom than be stuck second guessing
Nothin better than listenin to some One Direction. I love them.xx
Yes! They are so bad for you. lol!
Dealin wit dumb ass people...
Leave yo emotions on Facebook.
great. screwed up something with the root password, now I can't open phpMyAdmin
I just wanted to greet my sister, Ella... Happy Birthday Sis!
i already followed like 15 mins or more and i still just have my same followers
Power 105 1 's "The Breakfast Club" interviewed Swizz Beats earlier this morning. He speaks on the scandal with Mega Upl
Sipping some Kambucha in Central Park. Great cooling drink in hot NY summer weather and healthy too! Very rich in enzymes and antioxidants
Which isn't a confirmation. His injuries are consistent with getting his ass whipped. Doesn't justify deadly force.
There's nothing like a kicky little skirt, some dangly earrings and a sequin vest to call attention away from blood stained shoes.
Great tweets from everyone today.
Being on the softball field when the tornado sirens are going off.
Downtown #atx Wed morning? #Rogation Wednesday Morning Prayer 8:30 am, prayer for more godly stewardship of creation
no problem!
#HonestyNight I don't know what it's like to have a dad. I have a dad, but it's just long awkward silences.
O man,kids really wanna eat this early?!...lord,it ain't even 7am yet
Great job everyone tonight. Anyone want to come for a second workout with me?:) It is time for me to hit the gym...
Embarking on a green development for local workforce housing, 10 - 15 units that will be net zero and affordable!
Social Security benefits to be depleted by 2033; three years earlier than last report.
*Eminem voice* Cleaning out my closet...
Pretty Thick Hoes With Bright Toes & Earrings In Their Nose 👍
It makes me mad the way you treat yourself and the way you let people treat you.
Going to see the advenders! Lol yes!
Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man
If you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?
Do you love or hate the show Jersey Shore... or both? Either way everyone has an opinion & we wanna hear it! Join us TONIGHT Weldin...
": #IWishYouKnew Theres nothing sexier than a girl in high heels..........with no clothes on."
Flow like a butterfly sting like a bee
I love unusual toys....
Such an amazing episode of #glee!!! Next weeks looks even better too!!
lolol I haven't watched the video yet but I've seen the title. LMAO
less than a week away :-)
Love the Emergency! music in the latest Spiel. Remember the episode where a woman got bitten by a scorpion? Scared me to death.
#mm , our spotlight artist of the week
git commit -am "all work and no play makes jack a dull boy."
LMAO um no !!! haha i feel like listening to BVB and Motley Crue .... do you agree ?
honestly ur not the best lookin and ik I'm not eather but I'm just tellin u what I think sorry if I sound like a jerk I'm just
And we certainly will -- great to see you, Karen!
I'm on FB more because most of my friends are out of state and in other countries, happy earth day to you as well
Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete
July 9, 2011 will be at the Bay Harbor Green Market see you all there, I will have the flavor of the week my platano loco cupcake delic
In Ashland, Ma just before 9 am exactly 1" snow melted to .05" for fluffy but not extreme 20:1 ratio.
A sarcastic marketer...we like it!
Leo. So be on the lookout for signs from the universe, and they will eventually help you solve a problem. #GottaLoveTheUniverse ☺
I just want to read a book. That's all. Just sit down and actually read a book.
i you hate is because you think he can remplease justin bieber .. cuz he is best ... lmfao
Create your future from your future, not from your past.
Have you tried our new marble surfaced frost plate? Great for mixing up your favorite ingredients & even better in a home made cone!
Duncan started slow for #gospursgo, but ended up with 16 points and 18 rebounds- not too much farther to go to be Spurs #2 all-time scorer.
“Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.”
It just sunk in that my doctoral program is costing nearly $30k per -semester-
Wale going in on first take tho
Guys #CougarTown got saved by TBS can we try getting on another network?
Join me for some butt rockin' blues. Tonight 10:30! www.theboomboomroomhouston.com /via
Wow, you kiss your mother with that mouth. RT : They guy next to me smells like s¥it:
said even if larger partner orgs mean well they end up throwing you under the bus.
Fly a kite
Goodnight to all :)
Am really sad about how many teachers have left my school this year. Small school, so it affects all of us.
Awe): I'm going to miss ya picking on me ):
he has to get Rip on the floor. No one else can break down the D
YES “: Learn it. Live it. Own it. :) RT : A wireframe is not a coloring book via #12ntc #12ntchero”
Any more money
GoodMorning Sweetheart *Waits Fa Replies*
Should have read hitting
I lost interest in twitter ./:
Line-beard mania. RT : Hahahahaha, no. RT : the SEC wants Louisville but UK is scared of it.
the things i see on tumblr lol
": but if I Facebook it should I also tweet it?"//Depends. Have you Myspaced or Linked it in? If so, just pin it to ur board.
I'm a little smarter then you think. 😉
Thanks to everyone who stopped by our table at the #MKEChiliBowl and voted for us. We had a great time!
we're definitely the weirdest group of people ever haha
seems like only yesterday...I think you should finish ALL of your books (and articles and blog posts) in Aspen! I'll help.
~loved seeing you back on the challenge. and damn way to rock the speedo.
saw on the news where NY giants got a ticker-tape parade... who still makes ticker tape?
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 18
That would be great. Probably not going to the class, but I live in Rogers Park.
bring some tonight
Me too.
this is true. washu taught me pretty much nothing other than how to identify bias.
I wish my big brother was still around...R.I.P. Marvin Jr...he would always have my back...
tell her
Going to the store to buy a new PC. Yeah, like a Microsoft one. They still make those!
Thank you for inspiring us to change the world!
Geeze so much drama tonight!! I can only imagine....
You guys, Madonna has slaves!
Leyland has given up on the game. Putkonen is in.
FOLLOW FRIDAY!! find some of the Darlins to follow here: /darlins
asked the owner of a bowling alley if shes seen a lot of 400 games. was later informed a perfect score is 300. that's how often i go bowling
To all my ladies and some gentlemen Spa week is on it's way, October 10th through the 14th take full advantage!!! I will be can't wait!
Celebrate your victories with healthy treats. Instead of going out for dinner, go dancing. Instead of buying a new TV, buy a new elliptical.
great visit yesterday w/Ward. Thanks. Next week the folks in Squim.
damn I was about to sign you
Why do people feel the need to lie about unnecessary shit?
...working on a remix of underground rap and hip hop for a producer of on top by a long shot productions...
Under the hydrator, finna be sweating like crazy
feel better!
Thanks for your support of #AIDSWalk12! RT : AFAN AIDS walk here we come!
A pimp gon be a pimp...a ho gon be a ho....ain't no way around it
have u ever seen a kfc buffet in n e hood before.
#33 days until my surgery. Holy fuck.
DAVID YOST you did not complain about G. W. BUSH taking more vacation TIME at BUSH'S CRAWFORD RANCH on those 1583 acres. NLD Mom/ca. surv.
hey make sure u follow follow : )
ugh. dunno all the details, but read his statement; i'm on Bott's side. sorry kids.
lol do some! I wanna see.
this question makes me wish you were a panelist.
you can feel it, you can feel it
We are still looking for a few good #foodtrucks from DFW! Taking more twitter recommendations please! We've invited a bunch, need 3-4 more
Different theatre this time- comfy-er seats required for 5 hour opera. Also sans :-( brought my mom instead.
Food Truck Stops: October 18
you must have a horse buggy
had a killer time in Chicago 2nite 4Derick's bday party. Happy 40th, my man!
Thanks for the follow friday shout out!
Why its called Bypass Surgery? If operation successful "Pass" Or else "BY BY"...:-).
Absolutely! Hopefully rubs off ": Ricky has pitched outstanding this season!"
ur sister has a wonderful voice
RT Pack your knives and go Bravo's "Top Chef" open casting call today 10a - 2p Wells on Wells, 1617 N Wells St
Nero coming through my speakers, my fast car, n driving on the highway on a beautiful day is a speeding ticket waiting to happen
Affiliated with Hustlers No conversations with Suckaz it ain't No Hate in ma blood I just don't Fuck with u Bustaz
Coffee, stretching, and a good mile-long jog.
Hey, thanks for following!
first you got your tweets protected like you someone important and now I gotta ask you for permission!?
Getting my workout on :) gotta get hot for EDC!!!!
I like that craptastic & amazeballs are natural opposites of each other-
I wish I could get a FYB tatto WELP too bad
Changes long time coming. Less to do with FOX. More the natural & subtle adjustments necessary to bring #MMA into mainstream.
Congratulations to our middleweight Jason Neville for making the national team. Way to go Bones!!!
Save Today Central is looking for the best daily deals coming out and making them easy for you to find.
NO!! Y u say that?! RT : Are you pregnant??
YES! I've always argued that coffee or tea tastes better when made for you! Its got to be science!
and need to do an album together!
#knicks...you guys are getting killed.
#SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I'm all about accomplishing goals that I set for myself
Need quick ways to develop your skills? We've launched our "How-To-Do-It Blog" with FREE tips. Read the first and subscribe at bit.ly/r3kHcR
! Look At Me and lOoK at u.! Now tElL me nigga ... WhO's JeAlOuS oF wHo?
Sugar Land is flooding, and I'm not there :( I always miss the fun stuff!
then what am I gonna do !?!? Ride in the trunk ? Haha
I'm addicted to Tamarindo candy ! 👌
Without love, benevolence becomes egotism. -Martin Luther King Jr.
you sleep with your eyes naked??
Its hard ,constantly lookin at things in a positive way. i tried nd only lasted 2 min.
That charge was a bullshit call...
Nice, Jillian. Sale ends at midnight tomorrow. We do ship to Chicago :-)
And that’s Why I’m Concerned But Now it’s Confirmed That You Spread Your Wings and Learned to Fly All Alone
WHERE ARE YOU SPENDING EASTER, GUUURRRRRRL?
Did I miss the memo/email on the Harry Carray/Erkel look for #NBA players?
I'm sure there are really good original bands out there, I just can't find them #somebodyhelpme #suggestions?
So excited about seeing new play #Tontlawald on Saturday. Time to brush up on my Estonian fairy tales...
Reggie Wayne signs 3 year deal with Colts.
I'm a huge supporter of breast feeding in public.
Same :p
Weell I don't talk a lot same way I tweet. Here is my facebook account add me if u won't too Roshanak so
"the pollen is worse than ever this year" shut the hell up it's this bad every year
Lunch at Lottie's starts next week. A theme & great deal for every day! Monday is $5 Martini lunch Mondays.
I own a Sony FS100. Shot 3 commercials with it. Sweet camera. May sell it in December if I decide to buy a RED. Interested?
Hey Minneapolis! Where should I have dinner Sunday night?
Guns r locked, cocked and ready to rock
no school today. cancelled because of storms. :)
Whew! You are one busy family! My Em would love to be at the horse shows! She loves watching...
its not just u! Its bizarre and def out of the box of who u think would be in attendance
Others might disagree, but I liked the Jose Gonzalez song in Red Dead Redemption. Made the game feel timeliness.
We should have an American-Django-Expatriot-in-Switzerland Fondue party!
I took a nap during the 11th. Just made a sandwich, I'm seeing this through.
Frog leggings
NO !!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME ???? I hate American Idol...
I know. I love it. Have a great week.
well there's four of us but we split up so it's two and two. Me and are in 107 and our other friends are in 118
If you haven't already, download our full length album and other works for #free at www.blasesplee.com
I did, but it was in frame. :) Hope you are doing well and prospering. I will make it over to another class soon. Any gigs 4 u?
I weight train twice a week. Come on young fella, get wit it. #godmomknowledge☺
The life and times of President Makgatho will be celebrated under the theme " From Colonialism to Democratic Dispensation". The...
RT Visit w JAMS! Tomas Hult (Editor) & Anne Hoekman (Managing Editor) will be in New Orleans, May 15-19 for AMS meeting.
RT : Weekends are a bit like rainbows they look good frm a distance but disappear when u get up close to 'em -John Shirley
Fuck daylight savings time
This bucks season has been a disaster. Injuries. Unhappiness. But die hards always rep their team and city.
.......someone not telling the sports anchor that I had a sports package until way after she needed to know. Just a bunch of crap.
You smell<3
Yeah, I have low expectations.
Dipping 1000's of Madeleines into chocolate...by hand! Yup, a true labor of love.
I hate explaining to the mechanic that I don't pop the hood to check my oil in fear of upon opening it there being a maniacal laugh track.
Watching YouTube on Ellen
can't wait to rock out at korn tonight with &
SO TRUE! Gives you the kickstart you need!!!
Come out Thursday to the Museum of Jewish Heritage for a screening & talk w/filmmakers & guest Dr.Yuval Neria
"Horror" movies from the early 90s make me laugh (pre-special effects)... There's always a hero dog & exagerated use of the s-word
LOL! I call it "The Brett Favre Effect"...
#GymPetPeeves Dude, it's doge ball. Not the hunger games.
did u hear about the earquake in south Cali
CONGRATS KATIE PICKLESIMER! You are DAY 5's Giveaway winner. Please contact us so we can send you the goodies.
at the bucks game
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office
WHAT? Silly people...hm!!!
Brandon.. I would like to see you walk in heels for couple hours or so and see how you feel afterwards. haha
That's every day for me, lol!
good luck!
Will it be on like fox sports radio usually is on nights or not?
can't believe you had to miss half the movie :( I'll watch it again!
Never mind I'm running late now. Damn purple line 😡
Thunder is a bit scary right now, but it looks awesome.
Finally home :D school tomorrow then spring break!!!!
Almost DUCK DAY!
Third-round play at the WGC-Match Play Championship finished up in Arizona and the tournament's lone remaining top seed is still alive.
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head
God bless everybody
I haven't been on twitter in about 3 months. I missed it.
For the 12:35 AM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Jay Oakerson
Stacy: Attention has become such important social currency.
you may be able to get the game on ESPN3 Jewels.:-)
I was never a big fan of but I still respected him. After watching this morning, he's in my Top 5 fav players.
Watch out! RT : 2/5/12, Super Bowl Sunday, life in Chicago is gonna get a helluva lot QuickeR. QuickeRcity is coming!
Several performances coming up in the greater Seattle area. www.jonathannicholson.com for details.
New comedy audio up. Featured Bit - "Shats R Us". www.freekshowradio.com
Sounds like a fancy escrow service. RT : #Finovate eDeposit - so I basically give them the money early? I don't think so.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it
nah driving from the airport
Lock in tonight. Text it.
probably not so much with the winky face
Are you participating in the Vision Development workshop for IGT on Thursday, May 3rd? Please contact IGT to sign-up..520.209.2448.
Lol, don't worry! You'll get there
Watcin Firestarter then Eclipse! Got a big bowl of popcorn, huge Pepsi, twizzlers. Im ready, im ready!
agreed, and the kids aren't dead, where are the bodies of the girl and tall guy
There's really no one to impress at school anyways
I think that school and microwave minutes are longer than regular minutes.
Come start your weekend off right with the open bar at BRINK ORLANDO from 11-12! I will also be spinning starting at 10!!...
we'll take it..good lookin refs
The NBA is actually laughable. That flagrant foul on Chandler, was absurd. In the days of MJ... Wouldn't of even been a whistle.
Well why don't you cry about it. SADDLEBAGS!
I ain't got nothing to say to her.
Alright folks, the next CareerConnects event will highlight #HR this Fall! More details coming soon...
Yay movies! Bo everything else... Hope the movie does the trick!
From Tony Plohetski: heavy drapes on hotel window closed in case glass shatters...
Goodbye Houston.
Shall we expect a sonnet about the McRib?
New fACEBOOK
if you have a facebook/youtube/twitter account named "Official____" and you aren't an extremely high profile musician, i don't like that.
Wat if dere were no hypothetical questions???
OMG! Tonight might be dying my hair brown and getting a haircut. :)
Yes - blue sky weekend! RT Hope you are having an incredible weekend
Yeah I guess. Didn't agree but we escape!!
If youre going to talk shit about my boyfriend to your hair stylist.. make sure your hairstylist isnt my mom.
No more waking up at 7 AM
Enter 2 win FREE TICKET to OPUS May 17-20 by telling us what you think of our enhanced ebooks ~ tag !
Hey check out The staged parody of the !995 Cult film. Starring Willam Belli of RuPauls Drag season 4
World of Warcraft Birth Control Ad
Daylight savings isn't really saving time. It's a sleep robber. Daylight sleep robber.
fbml and flash :x is giving me headaches
Can someone please tell me the voting number for RNG !!!?!?!??
Just got back from DC time to get back into my New York state of mind.
Your fake stretched plugs are looking quite dapper today, faggot.
Veterinary researchers reveal new treatment method for cytauxzoonosis in cats With more cats now exposed to this tick-borne disease, a ne
Sorry its been so long on here!! I am back for now! Going to The Wilds with friends today; hope the weather stays well. Have a good day!
Woohoo! Excited to be a part of the #DrMommy Twitter party tonight!
Oh most definitely bro!
Having a good time confounding as she attempts to guess what her birthday present is.
I'm the only one that just saw an old homeless guy dangle a scarf out of the bus window. My life is so surreal right now.
don't see anything..
u know how that ho is
#Ebay is so strict!
Thanks for today's RTs.
Big home game for the Sharks today. Broward College at 4pm!
What one player will have the biggest impact in this Sunday's AFC and NFC title games?
I'm about ready to flip the fuck out, wanna come
Might clash with Tower City's walls. Perhaps the peach Calvin Klein, ala what wore ?
tired of doing the same stuff every damn day i wish something good would happen for once
#dhtrial who did I stand in for? most all guys but esp Kyle,Nathan, Jamie, and J.Slattery (with a white napkin on my head - a bit of a joke)
Listening to Jeff Mirman from Turner Sports talking about
yeah! It started throwing its nuts at me so I threw them back and we got in a fight and finally I started shaking the tree
Awe, I love your friend.
to u it has but ALOT of ppl dont use twitter at all..and ppl who say facebook wack still log on even doe not same as be4
Sprinkle a bit of swag dust on the ground in front of her! RT ask
I think we need to have our own Hunger Games, so that we can throw some of these fools in the arena
