Even though they don't get along, I'm really luck to have such supportive, wonderful parents.
And baby I promise That I will never leave That everything will be alright,I I promise these things to u babe just believe I promise
I have the body of a 6 foot 16 year old ballet dancer 0_o I want to gain 15 pounds
"...we felt it was critical that we establish relationships with the most innovative doctors and researchers," said Founder/COO Wendy Lewis.
what would Mark Topping do? #he'sadork
Follow and we follow 100% back :) Thans :**
Check with your child's preschool or school nutrition guidelines before you pack those lunches. They may limit desserts or peanut products.
However, would a digital pres and repository knowledge group be redundant? There are already groups that do this.
There is no such thing as a normal or a sensitive person. It's a myth fabricated by your own ignorance.
Be ready to dance the night away at your special event with us purchase the Premier Wedding Dances Groupon!
And the 2011 best of show...
Merry #Chrimbus to , , , , and We will be re-launching in January!
I have a queen size bed yet never sleep in the center, I prefer the left side.
Going out in SA, TX. What we got..Racks on Racks on Racks!
awesome to see the use technology in Gov.
"Tell me who's doing something bad." - Me, to every person
mothers bistro?
Went to a highschool hockey championship game that was 3 1/2 hrs long! Six 14 minute periods and a loss, is tough!
Create your own definition of
For some reason I'm now getting a (free?) subscription to Whisky Advocate magazine. Marketers know me too well, apparently ...
#zonamaco12 not the same without your face everywhere
Social media is about to disrupt the fundamental way marketers think about customer acquisition, retention and growth.
*headdesk* RT I'm not sure what to make of all the Super Moon photos taken with a flash.
Jack Black is hilarious! Even as a cartoon panda he makes everyone laugh
what's your reasoning? Only way to provide univ insurance without mandating purchase of private good?
follow please (:
you to sir
Don't go through phones if u don't want you're feelings hurt
Embarrassed to admit I just heard while watching Gossip Girl but HOLY COW you guys, congrats!
My domain transfer from GoDaddy to NameCheap completed today. Now to make a donation to
Wow! 200 followers! Thank you to everyone who has followed! I guess
rip Ms. Whitney Houston
So Happy that your are a new follower for me! Enjoy the mountains of VA!
My wife found a fun new place, YogurTea, where if your yogurt weighs exactly 9 ounces, it's free! 's yogurt weighed 14 oz. haha
In the theater with the little bottles
Good morning boo! Happy International Woman's Day RT : Rise and shine!!!
Welcome to all our new followers! We love you guys!
Excellent choice.
Great times!! Thanks for the visit!
where were you? it was 1972.
Who else wants a free autographed CD? RT Signed !!! #thatswhatsup yfrog.com/nykmrcj
Thanks to , for supporting ICF/ID community!
And yes, I think whether you read a cv online or on paper must make a difference. Bring out the eye tracking software!
considering you don't even follow me...I have no chance. :(
still recovering from the best NYE party ever! Big thx to everyone who came out. What's next?...a lil country-western number.
Tonight: The Training Camp Showcase brings the V.P. of SHADY RECORDS (Eminem's label) to NYC. Club Pyramid, NYC. 9PM, 18+, $20. Sign up 7PM-
U r my everything love u
Loving the new lia sophia collection on style network!
Excited offered a Hannibal type role for a webseries. Fava beans anyone?
I was in art but I'm On my way home now lol
Laugh at stupid jokes. Cry. Apologize. Tell someone how much they mean to you. Live life, because tomorrow's not guaranteed to anyone.
Dappa,bout to rock it at the "after dark" with Mr. Kee. Its packed on a damn tuesday. Nobody does bizz on a fuckin' tuesday. Lol!
just stopped the car cause a boy didn't know what he was talking about involving
how to make cleaning cool? how to save time while cleaning? Things you hate to clean??? Arrrrgh! This is frustrating!
yea but he didn't win 3 before he won a ship
Drinking apple cider :) 'cause I'm freakin' cool ?
Jus got home from ACT im tired ,but might go play ball!!!
:D I wish too!
*What I Think About* Morning: Alex During school: Alex Afternoon: Alex Night: Alex Dreams: Alex never leaves my mind!<3
Using this at work tomorrow. RT : 80% of people have low self-esteem and are likely to put others down to make selves feel better.
#arentyoutiredof the same lunch and crappy hr stops. Love Seau's for Dog Gone Mondays and Taco Tuesdays.
ah lol! Tomorrow! Love you! I miss you :(
At O'Charley's getting my grub on. Had a few drinks and feel good.
money over bitches (;
I squished my foot , while I was closing the door now it hurts alot ..
42 days until Launch Day. Better get back to work!
At least I'll get to catch up on my work...Just praying I don't lose power. Ugh! I thought I left this hurricane nonsense in Miami.
rock on!
Now THAT'S some exciting fighting!! Bummer we couldn't see a 3rd round.
so unlike Jason Kidd not to make that shot, in light of his recent play in this series.
I'm a horrible friend... I'm sorry
Wow that is blessed could I get a follow & ask you a question?
REMINDER: Upload your pictures of
thanks for the follow
I don't understand our relationship. Sometimes we're friends, sometimes we're more then friends & sometimes I'm just a stranger to you.
50 Shades is easier to understand knowing a) it was originally self-published. b) it is Twilight fan fiction. But still.
Trying to believe...RT : Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats. A.B. Alcott
Dude. Told ya... RT lol damn my bad
Love and regret run hand in hand I regret leaving our love...
This correlates directly on my most recent post concerning web content and blogging. Thumbs up.
What is your Chinese new year resolution?
We are at a crossroads and it is time to ELECT a leader who will direct DISTRICT 2 in the right path. Please take a moment to log-on to...
Dang, I should have tried to sneak into that one. cc:
We are so excited for the next #LoL at on Feb 15 from 6-8! New Belgium taps on us! Presented with
Sorry for the spam messages u may have received from us. We were hacked. For the record, we don't know anyone saying "very bad rumors" abt u
Social Media for the SEO right now
Growing pains!...ACP is looking for new studio space to call home...give a shout if you know of a place!
Hoping the universe will balance out a little, please bring good vibes my way!
i hear it'll only get you to 6%, so I'll have to switch up at some point. You doing 3 days a week bench?
William Balfour has been found guilty
Thinking of and all of the good she does for young women.
I can't wait to try Wiredoo!
In Santa Anita's 1st, trains three runners including two first timers. I like #3 Castaway -- ridden by
So happy to see blown out, bouncy waves and natural yet glowing makeup on the runway @ Carlos Miele. Please, designers, no more braids!
ight ur place, ill bring love and basketball
Hey Flex I'm just here at our place visiting Juel then back to La Wed. However really like it here.
RT : Botanas for dinner! =awesome night! <<-- Thanks!
Donations of bedding, toiletries, & more needed for homeless seniors. Can you help? Organize a drive, donate to
Oh my gosh :o That's so sad :'(
Eye Disease Linked to Memory Decline: Study suggests .. "eye screening ... could potentially help identify people at risk for...
Waiting on word from Crosby Elementary. Roof gone from Tornado.
Nice. Maybe we could schedule lunch/coffee/beer?
Out and about!
Good morning! Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend.
hope i can go to the #west sometime
Life is the best school. God is the best teacher. Problem is the best assignment. Failure is the best revision.
Hear something New & Fresh with Adam Craig Band in the New Music Spotlight at 8!
I think Izturus needs to change his number. #3 hasn't worked so well with Yuni, and Yost.
This is just a great day in the city
Lol, Some People Think Because I Haven't Did What They've Done, I've Done Nothing. When I Look At Their End Result, I'm Glad I Didn't. :)
sounds like a microbiology test. You going to make it to the #NMSkiSwap this weekend? It's worth the drive.
It's hard to beat simple, honest food
hahaha you're so right that must be it
HEY ! HOW THE HECK R U?? Luv ya!
Make that chelsea vs. Barcelona
I consider the 13th phone call about my expiring Factory Warranty. They can help @ (773) 753.0974 yet my car's only 6 months old.
Time to grill
nice first pitch at tonight's Mets game. Lots of Mets and Yankees fans there...but all were Giants fans!!
Who would win in a guitar solo battle, Toby, Seth, or AyJay?
o stop you're making me blush :)
that's what girlfriends are for
The Dallas Mavericks are 8-0 ATS in the last 8 meetings with the Phoenix Suns
I used it all D: why?
Am I the only person that folds up ham takes a few bites and unfolds to see what it look likes?
Great book!
Did Josh Hamilton just hit the cards with the belt while the ref was knocked out?
Thanks for the follow
Stay tuned to today from 12-1pm. We'll be on live to discuss our May 20 festival.
I will sign when DNC goes 2 help in WI
. welcome to the #gsucadre. Looking forward to working with you.
Today's the Kentucky Derby. Did I tell you I was there when Secretariat won in 1973? It was amazing.
ur the 18th person who told me that and not really try jumping 5ft 2in in the high jump
Today is one of those days I wish I had an identical twin I could enslave in order get twice as much done.
The music game is ugly but the reward is nice...if you do it right
Thank you following
": I don't know why everyone just throws the c word around like it's nothing nowadays" lol
You continue to screw me over.
RT: Not only are boys incredible, inspiring, and currently promoting a fantastic book, but they are also phenom
It sucks that they're filming all these movies that have 2013 release dates.. don't they know
Good morning ! ☀
My 2 y/o is eating baby corn for the first time. in "Big" would be so proud! ;-)
3 miles in 26 minutes, I feel accomplished ahha
omg whoa...that is really crazy! also, you are using Twitter more! yay!
“Being happy doesn’t mean that everything is perfect. It means that you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
no. just what I wanna do...go out and run into drunken old MSD classmates enjoying the only thing they do with their lives.
Finally my ela state exams are overr[: #ThankTheLord ! But still need the math next week -_-
nothing but net.
Ever humble! We'll just have to brag for you. Everyone here is so proud to be part of #TACC, and thrilled to be working w/ you. :]
$15,000 tax credit "available to all" regardless of income, is being pushed in the senate. Also wanting to extend credit by 1 year.
Wow, had opposite reaction. And it was shown to critics here Wednesday night --not shown in TC?
Strata Park is the modern system application of todays open plan office environment.
I've consumed a lot of crap too. When marathon are you training for?
no. we are good. thanks though.
The man says think big and act strong. oh yeah. I am on it.
I know we aint got no strings attached, but this could be a perfect match .
Why does everyone forget how to drive when it rains?
Lol I kno but I'm always calm bout things
Luke warm jello is not good.
it's the RISP that are left that freaking kill me! Something's gotta change here!
I could use the Golden Bough to teach reading comprehension for a chosen few, the marines of liberal studies
thank you for following Colorado's leader in affordable marriage and family therapy and in therapy training!
Ah, gotcha.
"I was made for sunny days, and i was made for you." ::the weepies::i was made for sunny days::
He's making me blush like a school girl lol
#Novak can't miss
Off to #Vegas for Super Bowl weekend, February 3-6, staying at the marvelous Good times ahead... My pick? for the win!
I'm determined to get everything fixed by Saturday.. even if its by myself
The best way to cherish & love something is to imagine you lost it. Never take a minute of court time for granted..it might be your last!
BUT I MIGHT JUST DARE TO SAY, THAT I LOVE YOU.
Totally! Which I own ;)
- I agree Juliet was terrific and the best of the night until Matai. I loved Matai, she is totally unique.
Posting up three crowd favorites today! Parisian Omelette, Colcannon Cakes AND Breakfast Pizza!
Why would you not just have a phone?
and my 7 yr old girl thinks they're ALL hilarious. *sigh*
nothing scares me more than Die Antwoord but why can I not look away.
Just finished the last episode of #TheWire. Shit. Now what?
#LifeWouldSuckIf There was no candy
We're excited too! Save the date 8/27! RT : Very excited that has decided to join us for our block party!!!
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed. Richard Brinsley Sheridan
"I will never go bungee jumping. A rubber breaking was the reason I was born, it sure as hell isn’t going to be the reason that I die."
It's like I'm sad but happy, happy but sad.. WTF
I'm going to assign your piece in my class next semester. I was just wishing for a concise overview of exactly what you said!
There is a tea kettle and a newspaper subscription my Christmas list. And on my grandma's.
I know you are but im not talking about you I'm talking about out generation in general
someone stupid!
My dad <
is DESTROYING this late show in #Denver !!!
RKO :) gotta love it
Yay I will be on my first tv show on Spike Tv:) I will be an extra but first pay gig
I started earlier...maybe it's time to revisit!
hmm well atrau messages me saying I should go and he would pick me up but Kendall wants to go too I think? Idk
Happy birthday ! :D
Space based!!! Yesyesyes. Sci fi drama should be a more often used genre!
What to do today? Hm
do you really?
its only Tuesday and I've already got my Friday outfit picked out!
Defense man
it's going to be like that episode of The Office and the Fun Run. It's carbo-loaded.
time waits for no man,so what cha waitin on man?
If your not gonna say "NIGGA," don't say NINJA... or none of that shit, it just looks weak.
As we speak, my friend Terry at the U of M Bookstore is hand-delivering Caro's big new LBJ bio. After all the reviews, the genuine article!
just put the money in the bag
#youknowwhatannoysme When people blame me for something I didn't even know happened.
heading to #MCC with the Biz Kid$ Real team to do more fruit salsa experimentation
I am absolutely in love with my job at Starbucks.
Gotta pick it up!!!
they said it not me
It is past time stood with Wisconsin. He lets us fight alone unsupported throughout. unsupported by my fam
#HackingEdu is underway! Thanks to our sponsors for their support of Four Peaks Month.
what is up Rockies? Have we won ANY one run games this year? Maybe Michael Young at third was not such a bad idea.....we need help
Yeah no matter which way you look at it the optics aren't good. It's a clear elbow high. We'll see what happens.
We have moved to new office location in Queen Anne. Its creative space with high ceiling. Feels a little empty now. Still settling in.
excellent question!! (AL 5 words)
"it may not mean nothin to yall, but understand nothin was done 4me... So I dont plan on stoppin at all... Want this sh.. 4eva mane...."
Come to the Easter egg hunt at 9:30 a.m. on April 23! We'll also fun entertainment and games for the keiki!
Just followed them!
Where is Andre in rebounding?
its not evan like that i go from city to city just goto make my way back up there
:) thank you
": Rise & Shine Thank God & Grind"
Great job on 'The Last Word'! Kyt :j
so true!
I hate when somebody around you has BO but you're scared it's you so you keep smelling yourself like a crazy person. WEAR DEODORANT PEOPLE!
How about now? Is this thing on now?
Beauty is a curse on the world. It keeps us from seeing who the real monsters are.
"Ninety-eight percent of success is in the head and the heart." -Cathy Ferguson, Olympic swimming
Feeling stressed? Come in for a quick or long therapeutic massage. Go to www.massagedc.com for your $10 off coupon :)
I can't drink soda in the morning, it just tastes nasty!
Copycats cut bullshit.
YES. "Dr. Frederick Frankenstein: What a filthy job. Igor: Could be worse. Dr. Frankenstein: How? Igor: Could be raining. "
Tweet me a number and i will tell you which iconic boy
Nope. I blame Leno. and NBC
...you know you are wrong for that...lmmfao!!!!!
Paid Sick Leave hearing today- 5:30 at City Hall. Come to the Council Chamber to pack the house w/ supporters of a healthy Seattle!
do you know of a place where we can find good techniques for doing this(engines) ?
Major Payne is one of the funniest movies ever!!!
Today has been a productive day off. I love running errands with a certain someone. :)
LA Sun+Rooftop Pool+Hot Girls+House Music=The Good Life
Partying with the Harry to my Louis tonight. =3 Partying = Eating & being lazy.
Sendoutcards Business Presentation tomorrow 4/26 (Thu) 6PM @ The Terrace Club -7th Fl, NYC If you are entrepreneurial, check it out.
I wear mine all year round :)
sorry Sunday!
I dislike your avi -_- you look like a vampire nigga
Gearing up for the final final. Finally.
I wish I was kidding when I tell you that I just bought a new laptop so I could play Sims 3.
RT Who got some birthday cake!? Its my Birthday!
NAMM was great this year. Very positive vibes all week! Our west coast sales manager had twice the # of dealer appointments as last year!
today were buying tickets!!!!!!!!!!:D
RT : RT : Watch talk games and more on Gerneration Gamer: Life Plugged In...
I just started. Any recommendations?
holy crap. you are smoking hot.
Found a book on Chip Kidd for $8 at McKay's. I'm a Chip Kidd fan now.
miss ya too Alii! Hope you're good. Come hangout soon!
funny how my baby waves to me after he's been #bfing for at least five minutes.
It takes a boy ro create a baby & a man to raise one
Happy Birthday honey!
Think I'm coming :)
W-Limo launches it's newest promotional campaign "Stab The Cab" to encourage YOU to swap a dodgy cab for a luxury sedan service 847-655-2559
ESPN: I'd rather pass a kidney stone while listening to pitbull than be informed by you about women's sports. Shut the fuck up
Frog and Toad Are More than Friends
Here come the waterworks
well, two days ago technically I guess.
Thanks for including Mandy's #SpiderMan post!
I am who I am. You can say whatever you want about me. I won’t change. Your approval isn’t needed or wanted.
[5] Israel expels every "settler" & soldier from Gaza (2005) –> Palestinian rocket attacks increase x10, ...
RT : We must stop giving people hell here on earth and then praying they get to heaven
Sean Spence is a very Bad man..Welcome to the Steeler Nation:)
I'm tired of seeing him constantly get hurt..
Thanks to all our new followers! #FF Happy Friday!
Chapter 2012 Page 73 of 366 Snap out of it and go do what needs to be done.
We were honored to have a visit from this week as they bike across country to raise awareness for homeless pets....
RT : Then the next day trying to make Communion for and
I'm sorry sir, I don't understand? Please elaborate :)
So blessed by the people around me. Music & Family
i know my dad said i could have a yard sale at the concert you want to buy a toaster:) .. jk i need to get to work on that!
What is happening?!?! SNL has rocked it 2 weeks in a row! Holy cannoli!!!
“ Can I get a text msg?”
When they knock you down you gotta get back up #TI (but make sure you bob & weave)
forget the wrist injury....look who UNC has to face.
It'd be really awkward to have yoyr tweet retweeted 49 times because then you don't get that cool 50+ retweets.
...2 yrs since Hughes was even remotely good. How much longer are we going to wait?...<Maybe the wait is over?...
I do love Derek Jeter
Haters can eat it for all I care, they dont stop us :-)
easyy give it time
Memphis gonna win this series if CP3 ain't 100%..
what you mean INDY won't be playing the celtics because their on the other side of the bracket
Activate your muscles with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Wishing you a speedy recovery
Hey Mommy ;) Yeah, I Finally Went To Sleep :) I Listened To Some Songs By The Amazing Group U-Kiss :D I <3 Them So So Much :D
#LLN910 Bottom line: libraries add. We still buy print & add online; QR codes add to visible graphics; chat & SMS supplemnt in-person
Verizon Customer Service: Staffed by Blockheads? You decide!
2 fingers is the limit
Doin me how u bout u gurl
if you're against prostitution- stop sleeping with hookers
omg. they have dora pillow pets? just saw one at the mall!
Hey everybody. Anybody wants a shout out. For our 100th Podcast show?
It may look like chaos, but that's just the theory
RT Don’t always be funny, don’t lose your character.
Professor Renardo Murray, Assistant Director Of Bands Rejoins The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands-Houston As Adjudicator.
Good company. Thanks for the mention.
who's penis is smaller? Mark Zuckerberg's or 's ?
I hate feeling like this.
how about 5) not having to fly on USAirways to get there?
Got an email from my school today. "Please come to pick up your diploma".... YAY!!!! How sweet it is!
Why isn't #Fringe on ? I forgive, I know it's old one. Just hand it over and no one will get hurt
Well, it's Friday and pay day so I can't complain...good week! How about you?
Sundance Update: Danny Devito just parked me in next to a porta-john.
heyy this is my new twitter :) please follow me back. thanks
YES so happy they renewed show!!! Love it!!
text me back :(
Finally got Billings 3 up and running on my new computer. Yay!
Yeah I understand! At least you have your friends with you though, I gotta look on the bright side.... But there really
It's a beautiful day in Beverly Hills
The same thoughts run thru my head every morning.
Lies Pon Lies ..... ah lie she ah tell lmaoo
Austin Texas friends October 6, support my dear friend, ! He will be blessing y'all! A show you can not afford to miss...
At the IMAX Theater finally gonna see Wrath of the Titans
Have to stay positive...Doing that by surrounding myself with other positive people who are go getters & action takers!
Attending a Free Business Roundtable conducted by SCORE & Capital One Bank Oct 7. 2010-Woodlands scorehouston.org
HELLz YEa I might go c #TheWomanInBlack on FRIDAY #PartyOn!!!!
sure i want to :O what do I have 2 do? and wanna take part too
I need a haircut.
Sin city we goop!
David Freese...the Big Chill
Oh, yea. After that trailer, I had any screening pegged as a suicide mission. Figured it deserved an equally cloying song response
50 cent wings until 7. Come warm up with a rockin HH!
yaya finally finished my project! praise da lord jesus
GRRR SO MAD AT HIM LOVE U BIG SHOW!!!
Whoa, that's a strange policy!
“: Humble yourself & you will be given the world. #TDL” I'm not so sure about that... Sounds good though
Good practice, ready for tomorrow!!
please follow my new account !
One photo 531 out of 1011 from Gypsy Moon Dancers workshop....
Best vodka on the planet. The fact that it's from Alameda just makes it that much cooler.
your son is AMAZING & so INCREDIBLE! 😊 😘 😍 #PSandersGoingBIG #PSandersFansLoveMamaSanders <21
I just talked w the owner of Ben Rich. They showed me an early preview of their new lines (WOW)!
I respect overexcitement! And pooh-poohing a festival lineup is pretty Old Jaded Man of me anyway.
actually the basketball player -- but that's good to know
night twitter:).!.
Much appreciated!
DVR is all set and ready for the new season of - starting tonight!!
Boy: My father's name is LAUGHING and my mother's name is SMILING. Teacher: You must be kidding ? Boy: No,thats my brother.I'm JOKING...*
I wasn't on it at first, but Frank Ocean won me over... The boy is soulful
fuck, the butt of all my jokes is gone...
March 1862... The U.S. government issues paper money for the first time
Apparently April is National Grilled Cheese Month. I now have 24 days worth of celebrating to make up for.
Wrangling up facts for the annual Seminary Fact Book. I like to think of it as a gift to the seminary archivists of the future.
: yeah they did-___- | how many points ?
they won't be as good \m/
Just by providing a good example as a parent, a friend, a neighbor makes it possible for other people to see better ways to do things
#Tito #Francona should put Showalter in his place.
New 7 Blue Skies tracks being mixed by Ron St. Germain. Keep an eye out!
He just made my day
Dear diary, a chipmonk asked me my name today, I told him it was a Jo, that lie will haunt me forever.. haha funniest thing xD
lol only because my friends are too dark
Curse you, James Loney!
I have no clue. It was just a wonderful little store nearby. Oh, the candies, candied fruits, & other savory treats. *swoon*
You looked cute from far away.
Glamorama is my all time favorite book. I also liked The Secret History by Donna Tartt, who was friends in college with BEE.
#DEFCON : good talk about cloud services and GPU's for password breaking. If your password is only worth $3 k, keep using 8 characters.
#bruins and pizza with the girlies!!
Raja from drag race is performing at the gay bar next to the theatre in Houston on NYE... May have to stop over!
ellie douglass xx I'm in year 8 an I think u are too x u were wif patsy mulhern xx ur on the other side of the year too mee xx
Yesterday it hit me like a bolt out of the blue: Sigourney Weaver is one of my all time favorite actresses.
Watching Springsteen. All I can think of is, " Hey T.".
Its coming sooner than you think Fanny pack! See you Thursday for the special roll? Haha.
#EricNorthman, Eric and more Eric. and to see what the do with
agreed! Haha classic Indiana! “: Props to Indiana for still having those candy cane striped warm ups.
My dad, who literally threw his tv away when everything went digital, is trying to learn Facebook. This should be interesting.
GO CHECK OUT #PAINKILLERS ON #DATPIFF!!!
At soundtrack studios w woman at work!!
Just did my bootcamp DVD for the first time in a while and man, I'm embarrassed at my cardio fitness. Damn near died:(
yes it is
Dear God, man. Wth kind of karma is coming at you?
Great news then irritating news, then more great news. First there was a mountain, then there was no mountain, then there is.
'Mad Men' and 'Rubicon'!
Mom question: I'm looking for an indoor place where I can go and let my 7mo old crawl. My living room just not cutting anymore. Any ideas?
Thanks to everyone who participated in out #FollowFriday contest! Winner will be announced soon!
Portland Timbers up 1-0, at 88th minute, over Kansas City.
They say Taylor was a good girl.
Hey Matt, try Las Vegas on the 4th of July. High of 106 today with humidity up quite a bit. 27%. Wally Hanson
Museum fans and visitors! What do you wish museums were doing more of with social media? Reply w/ #musesocial to be part of the convo.
BOO, that stinks RT RT for a free entree at ! It's a shame that we here at the office are ineligible to win :(
Looks like a great oppty to publicly mess with Fox's marketing people, though...
RT : Good morning, all! Say hello to , tweets from the first woman to run for president!
my 5 year old sister just looked at me and said "DANCE MOMS IS ON TONIGHT!"
in an effort to match our entertainment to our current weather conditions and i are enjoying The Donner Party movie
I want to be the guy who places the seal of the Vice President on podiums.
Good show with Irie Sol at the Cabooze tonight. A cool, unique blend of funk, reggae, horn lines, free styling, and beat boxing- Good Times!
The Mission Theatre is not going to know what hit it when School of Rock rocks out to Stevie Wonder in a few months.
Come see me tonight for Bloulevard Wheat Pints for $3...Enjoy our rooftop with DJ AK starting at 9pm.
Just got done with rehearsal.
when is Aries going to find his true soul mate? Success with new LP etc
OMG! Just got a couple of boxes of items donated at the desk. Some real finds and some just fun. 1981 souvenir curling rock personal fave!
Amazing workshop last night Lauren... Thanks for the insights and your passion for acting!
oh :P omfg! Josh's sister just accepted my fb friend request xD
can you say bye-bye Heath Bell?!! I can see him moving on soon...at least he's going to the Rangers...csb
Thinking About You by
poker is like white water rafting. Floating seems like a good plan until you get barreled.
Well then everything is logical fallacy bc no job loss/creation can be permanent on a long enough time frame.
Are u ready for "sustainable development"?
#GrandpaFred Yup. I think it's that Burl Ives thing. What's that? Yeah. That's why. I'm. Doing the uh. Son. Put that on channel one. My hand
i found it. O.M.F.G IT WAS WHEN I WAS 1SIMPSONSYMTOMS. :'O
The new web-based Flickr Uploader is REALLY FAST. 2 videos in under a minute. WOW!
The only two things I buy in party-size: hummus and Jelly Bellys.
What i miss??
Hooray for thunder. Hooray for rain. Hooray for the lighting not really starting until I finished walking home.
YOU HAVE TO WAKE UP HUNGRY, THIRSTY FOR MORE GOD THEN YOU HAD ON YESTERDAY
I can already tell how tonight ends too.
finally realizing that I don't deal well with stupid people. Is that a strength or a weakness though?
Nice! My dad went there too and then worked in Tifton for a while as the Ag Cooperative Extension agent.
immaculate conception lmfaoo
Watching Malcolm X movie.
lol aw....that would be nice. Thank You!
I Love You
No API? What about RSS or badges?
#Thingsbabymamassay IF I CANT HAVE YOU NO ONE CAN.........NIGGA DO YOU KNOW I WILL KILL YOU??......(with a serious face too) smdh
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
All SD hair/makeup artists/teams -- email Sherry for possible work! Must have pro website and pro attitude! sherry
I wanna go swimming ://
yea bra I did..! It was fun too! Thanks for the support cuz!
welcome to Twitter!
Well, it's not like the governor of Florida has any real vested interest in hurricane preparedness.
i do!
Uan gotta lie to me .. But WE going to Raymond graduation ? Cause uan been tryna spend time with a real nigga dawg .
I stick my dick in the naughty place.
RT We're auctioning foursome at Erin Hills for Children's Hospital. As a bonus (or not), I will loop for you. Call 414.799.1965 bid
Hey Katherine - happy to be part of your reading list.
any luck the move?
There are several trains a day!
no not quite lol that sounds like a PA dear
Cheers to peein'
Come find out about us!!!!
For people who decry the unnatural with such vehemence, the Republicans sure hate the natural functions of the human body.
me too , well im at mcdonalds .... but why you home ?
Twitter has so much going on its hard to keep up
Its sad how people can be so ungrateful & they still expect people to keep doin for them. Time for a MAJOR reality check!
lol let me quit... I'm too goofy.
dear Facebook...What gives?? Blocking me from adding people I actually know??!! Sorry everybody..this really sucks.
I'M A BIG TIME BELIEBER.
Our dressing room is the basement at the civic auditorium... Safe to say its EXACTLY like a scene from a horror film...
S/O to Much Love
be quiet Anna! Lol. I only pay $15 a month at my gym.
It's Official - The hashtag for Destination ImagiNation Global Finals 2012 is #IDODI. Please tag DI and Globals related posts w/
“: -- aka Ted Perry from Fox 6 -- will grace The A-List corner of The D-List at 11 a.m.” But listen anyway!
RT Finally awake. Time to walk to el cafe And have an evil fry up. The diet starts Monday. Nowt else to do today.
Between 40 and 50 percent of Americans who live to age 65 will have either skin cancer at least once.
Got 12 in a short amount of time!
I cut my court reporting teeth in Miami! Thanks for following.
Ah I'm so sorry I forgot to text you back! It's been such a busy day...
... for 800m Gold
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
Kentucky won!!!!!! Yeah buddy! Anthony Davis all day!
Boston>>>>>>>new york>>>>>>los angeles
going to guapo's tonight to get me a sang-arita or two (that exists)
. I didn't think I drank much, but I could've sworn I saw someone in the mirror as we were leaving.
Contrary to what ANYONE says about tonights event NO HOT female will pay any type of cover @ Colony tonight!
I'm great and yourself?
62 & sunny at Grove today...along with $3.75 glasses of Viognier all day...their might be an impromptu patio party. Someone bring a guitar.
Thinking the Brandon Roy autographed shoes will be a big winner for the kids of the foundation. Maybe, too, the Kevin Durant tix
I want to go to hell right now lol
Wondering if your adopted because your the only sexy one in your family.
Live for something larger than yourself, starting today.
I think I have the worst following/followers ratio of anyone on Twitter.
'Ethoipia is the birthplace of coffee and Addis Ababa is a cafe city. People here drink it like they invented it' -Megan Verlee
RT : " I got you something. c: kinda like a late birthday present. (;" I HOPE IT INVOLVES YOUR MOUTH
coptop or die
Hey you, be radical, love your body!
blame the caesars? Sept=7, Nov=9 Dec=10 too But no, Julius &Augustus had to have months of their own...
i'm so tired of these damn blood tests. i've had about 8 in the past week, i went to the doctor 4 times this past week, too.........
Congrats to Dr. William Satuno for his new Maya finds! We can not wait to hear more details.
dirk will outscore lebron tonight... and will be buying me lunch tomorrow!
Yeah! I just made a RT and won. \(^_^)/ I check their twitter account weekly to see if they have any other contests.
Some days I wake up and i just wonder how is it that #unemployment is so high and no one is doing anything about it.
Colorado Authorities carrying out intense ground search for missing balloon boy, "Falcon".
When you like us, our job postings will appear in your news feed, and your friends can see job postings! Help your friends!
“: thanks!!! We appreciate it. From myself and ” totally agree!!
Precious is such an intense movie!
Well my first day was interesting. But of a mental jam with all the info. But that's to be expected initially.
check your stats. Who has better? As of now,
LA folks: "My Life with Carlos" at USC SCA today 2 pm (free admission!) - part of the Politics of Memory on Screen series
X foxtotally X -- I like to watch, though
Im so tired & hungry D: too many projects >_<
omg would watch the heck outta that.
Hi John, Justin here with NBA TV. Do you happen to know in which part of the game the punch took place? Thanks in advance!
congrats on working towards your MS degree...we're all proud of you here at Capella!!! Keep up the great work!
Nobody's a natural. You work hard to get good and then work hard to get better
Spurs win to take 3-0 series lead over Jazz
those awk sex scenes in movies where everyone is dead silent and you can hear people eating... 
I am really good! How about yourself? Still doing P90X2? Phase 3 here :)
being conceited and knowing that you look good is two totally different things
nice to see you yesterday. Sorry I was rushed. Had a bird to roast. Happy holidays.
Lol was serious when he said he was getting a life
What is your favorite quote? One of mine is: "A room without books is like a body without a soul". ~Cicero
Now following !! ;)
Happy Holidays. :)
That's why I'm so quick to tell somebody to kiss my ass;
Sorry to hear about N'Digo magazine. Guess it's just another sign of the times.
lol that's my sister but she was tweeting our mom's name! :)
. You inspire me!
I woke up this morning thinking about us and I love us :)
I feel sick to my stomach.
Todd Coffey to the disabled list due to a freak injury while doing the truffle shuffle
Why, ? Why take the simple "Single page" link away?
Cousins throws it away. It'll be 3rd-and-3.
Definitely worth exploring. Artists supporting community is great. We like interesting spaces. But we also need support.
Can't wait to meet you this Sunday for the wine tasting session. It will start at 5pm.
wonderful meeting you...send me your recipes!
great week! one issue is the girlfriend is being fucken worthless!
Best Kaleo sermon I've ever heard.
Romance is dead - it was acquired in a hostile takeover by Hallmark and Disney, homogenized, and sold off piece by piece.
have fun with them ;) and make sure to give them back tomorrow :)
Life can make you BITTER...or it can make BETTER!
Come out to Mingle with Our Mutts today at the new Franklin County Dog Shelter! Mingle with our Mutts is held on the first and third...
With the bff :]
Being attractive is not an excuse for being a shitty person.
And a special thank you to Daniel Beaujouan for arranging that interview!
Oh, the trash talking begins. More like 3 hrs till a major upset! What section r u in? FYI: Pre-game drinks at UVillage Ram! 5:30
Had a one day workshop at #Temple U. today, wasn't thrilled about it until lunch time. Man, I missed the lunch trucks. Go Owls! & Trucks!
CLO...I <3 it! Thx for following and be sure 2 chk out 4 the latest in marketing, advertising, pr & graphic design!
#takipedenitakipedsdfksdgs what the hell is this? Asksjfdhjerjkfs??
get over it, y'all
Oh my god i can't i need to finish this cd
One hour of sleep for the last day of classes because of an English paper...
RT : #flatirons you don't own your tele # or IP address. But what about its relationship with your identity?
he's really nice.
Already excited!
#WeLoveYouAustin Forever & Always.. ♥
": just being real #CHICAGO is my life and my city" I feel the same way. Follow back
Dinner with my brother at our favorite Indian spot...
Happy Mother's Day! Today we're shooting round 2 of our #summer2012 promo videos. Stay tuned for some sneak peeks!
not, this pizza is pretty great :) and I like greek drama :)
Question 2: [for guys] If you meet a sexy female and when you go back to her place, her house is filthy and disgusting....do you still hit?
just got done cooking
Happy to have #NOTS in #Cleveland! RT : Thanks to for providing info for guest and visitors of NOTS confrence.
Rick Santorum randomly pinches off old peoples oxygen hoses.
The first wave of tsunami hits west coast.
I like 's quote he just posted.
The Roadhouse, #grading, laundry. Less exciting than #radiohead and #MiikeSnow, but not bad.
I'm In the Uk jst for one day who says I'm coming back today rawrr
About to sleep so hard.
Do you want a clue?
Are you still camping out on our bar stool? Glad to hear you dig our beers. Cheers!
That was quite a rainmaker in downtown! Watch for ponding on roads. More storms still building. We are not done yet.
Granola Munchies
I don't care what is written about me so long as it isn't true. ~ Dorothy Parker
the unit is on West Africa and I was planning a "dessert" type project (board game) I am now trying to adjust it to pbl
Where you at I am gone be at Dizzel Crib hit my line we gettin wasted and recording all night till the morning
use a simple BMR calculator to find your BMR, Once found any calories consumed under that # you will lose, over that # will gain
Nice suits! Way to go!
1968 Historical Calendar of the Navajo People. Read it and GetItGone.
We finally fixed the staff page of our website. Check us put at www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com
Looking forward to the day!
To adopt kids, foreigners shed live-in tag - Deccan Herald
big vic..im ready when you are..DONT worry about MONEY we r all good fam!!!!y know how we do!!!
cool! exciting, y or coffee!
watching 20/20 "Pet Crazy" showing all the crazy things pets do.... & Giggy the dog.. <3 it! :) so happy!
maybe I have to wait for someone to sign some important papers and then make copies then turn them in. When are you going?
Bahahaha he is from Spain! :p
Speaking of which, we here need to renew our subscription to your Book Series. Will do so promptly!
Tonight Chicago's living up to her nickname.
Iron Man star Justin Bieber but Justin is only in 3 scenes, Justin will be Tony Starks in his teens.
Whether you are a student in Canada, the United States, Europe or Australia, MBA online learning offers you anytime/anywhere convenience
I love the time before and in between the holidays! Inbox down to just 15 emails to follow up on. Nice!
It's actually more fun being sick together! Except, he's super crabby right now. Boys are big babies.
I love you like a love song baby. <3
so you dont hit tha gym no more? and all i need is a purple band and them 115 lbs weight set?
All you #YOLO ass muffuggas don't even know wtf that shit means.. Do your research people! there's nothing (cool) about that shit
Cold. Bored. Hungry. Have homework to do. Need to shower.
I would hope MLS would have better things to do with their time than chase after UK_MLS because of their logo use!
Finished The Hunger Games!
ok good. Nothing violent. Phew!!
That's right. I remember you were at RWA and he cut his hand all up.
thanks friend
Thanks. Am hoping it won't keep me from going, but I really can't plan anything right now. I was so excited too.
Why not take use of sleep mode to earn more time to get your charger.
I love the UC Boulder air quality app's intuitive visual - a cartoon sunflower. Health of the flower represents current air content.
#RnBThrowBacks mint condition - pretty brown eyes
thanks and i hope he does
Eating sushi= classy. Getting it from 7-11=ghetto. #what?!imhungry
RIGHT?!! RT : Why are all you people still watching "Smash"? Don't you have ANYTHING better to do?
Im eating muffins.F4F anyone?
Yes I am too!
Lol. Ive had the free credit report.com song stuck in my head. RT Ive been singing the " hot pocket" commercial song all day
The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past. To change your future, alter your decisions today.
Watch a heartwarming story of a little girl diagnosed with a brain tumor and the surprise she got from Cops Fighting Cancer. Real-PR-Media
He's a clutch player. It was an epic choke job for sure, but you can't freak out over one. Context needed.
I shall when I'm in #lexvegas. You should name a beer, "Sinking Boat." A crazily hopped IPA, perhaps?
It can be fun to find creative ways to bring old and new tech together in a single activity.
oh hai guise, how you doing.
Test Kitchen tips: Easter egg decorating ideas
": If you met somebodys mother AND father, know they REAL full name & come to family events, your important to them! #fact"
I have a plan I just haven't used it yet
cannot argue that!
Well, yes, in between moments of holding my breath when she's 30 feet in the air for real:)
Oh nothing
I swear i better get #BelieveTour tickets. If i dont, my life will be over
Some artists are horrible live and totally off key. #AMA's
Yup. We're spinning up EC2 as we speak.
That was not what I expected at all
I want more, wanna see it, so I'm asking you tonight! FEMME FATALE
saying "yeah we do know."
Ten percent of Americans 12+ use twitter but 90 percent have heard of it says
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great."- Unk
New Bing SERP is clean and simple. Wouldn't be surprised to see Bing go in the Metro direction in the future.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!77
It's such a wonderful thing that people can't read my mind...
It's funny how every one thought the Knicks were gonna be contenders for like a month.
Follow back please??(:
this shyt cray doe low scoring ass game
How do you put tax on holes?
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 77F MOSTLY CLOUDY
I love this retro drinking card. Good stuff, Project Cocktail. Good stuff. Happy St. Patrick's weekend!
I'm pretending that everything is great. Pls don't interrupt my performance....ps. This showing is free, but all others will cost you!
I love markers!
Whoa. RIP Davy Jones. People said he monkeyed around, but he was too busy singin’ to put anybody down.
In my head, I hear the voice of Morgan Freeman or Walter Cronkite reading this. Yes, #ihearvoices RT: Live. Love. Texas.
lol I'll write do not understand the question
Happy #CincodeMayo #Baltimore. will be crazy tonight!! Make sure you are there for the biggest party in the city.
Keynote speaker DeeDee Garcia Blase, former Repub activist, helped recall #Arizona senator Russell Pearce, proponent of
Carnival style mini-donuts would be a great addition to the menu!
"I miss you a little, I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day"..<\3
Goose bumps suck.
WHOA. Ellie is Asian. Racism.
Thanks for the RT!
Are you funny? I'm LOL funny. - Sean Brody
I totally agree!!
Where you at? I'm in West LA/Venice
Just started my own blog and I'm quite unsure if I like this website I'm using. Going to test some more. :)
Primo 360 + girls + free wifi = best place to work, ever
Love this crazy show! "Wanted to officially announce to you all that [Rosie Pope's] #pregnantinheels S2 will premiere Tue May 15 at 10p EST"
officially part of
Staying up all night making road trip plans for the #RockyMntnFolksFest! Going better than I thought on short notice, but still a lot to do!
haha so how was your day(:
check us out on groupon
DQC's Amy Guidera Key Successes and Challenges emphasizes lack of empowerment if stakeholders are to make informed decisions
can i hear that "Pauly D" by drink away the pain!!
south Alabama is strongly after White Oaks Levi Yancy
The man that knows something knows that he knows nothing at all
This exhibition is a wonderful example of the power of objects to reveal the complex worlds of the past and to make meaningful...
Coming up later today: my review of from our visit Saturday night
I want to be the girl that changed everything, the girl that made a difference, that girl that gave you a story to tell.
check with
like creationism? Or not mentioning homosexuality? Or abstenance only sex ed?
what can we bring?!
At the gym trying to get better
Guiliano Oliviero serving penalty for Hammes, as he is having an injury (arm) attended to
Lol if my girl ever went thru some undercover shit I'd feel special. She might already have tho ? O.o
Rick Moranis looking ass. That's a compliment btw
lol what??? No??? U look 23-24 at least! Well no free shirts for u at the bars in Wrigley in a few weeks haha
Thank you sir for the RT!
No expensive stuff//// all you need is here: www.bluebookbuy.com great info $$$ for yourself
Just watched 's #lifelove&music latest webisode. Definitely bomb!! Her drive gets me more excited about the next album
Knitting problem solved! Now if only I didnt have to do homework all day...
Will we have another report from the saucer tonight?
Mark your calendars for 5/12 - Wild Ride at the Zoo!
Haters are like crickets. Crickets make a lot of noise, you hear it but you can't see them. Then right when you walk by them, they're quiet.
So I think I'll be redesigning The Villa web site! The Villa is a great little place for weddings, parties, etc, in midtown Kansas City.
Today is my daughter's Bday! I'm lucky to have her and appreciate and love her immensely!!!!
Working on the t-shirt design. Dave: "maybe we should make Dirty Birds khakis instead?"
young go hard
...Sending light and love to my followers ~ Have a fabulous weekend!.
When girls aren't loyal<<<<<
Last three pages of "One Hundred Years of Solitude" just gave hopelessness to the hopeful. Most powerful words I've read in a while.
Music is my bestfriend, it always knows what to say to make it all okay.
c u spoon:)
that is the real Willie Davis! :)
its great!!! I really like it
Wow just watched my 2 dvr'd shows #personofinterest & #scandal worth staying up late for
Just realized I'll be in Vegas for the FA Cup final.
How many guys do you have to be with before you labeled a whore
RT : Hey ! At the rate libraries r closing, your book club will be the only 1 left! Need your voice!
have you all check out our big brother (he's not our real bro but he is family- all day)
It is so nice to finally get a positive report from the school about my boy. I really needed that.
Take mental reps then go hard in da paint! Take no prisoners!
:O stop that now.. really?
how did I know you would be the first to respond?! Cray cray
Stop interrupting the flow of JVM's interviews
Listen to Froggy 98.3 today for a cut from the Sticker's latest release - mixed at Market Street Sound.
Nice. What exactly is RRCA running?
lol u r always busy! Me? Did nothing today.
Photo shoot today in the Village... if you find us we'll give you free hugs!!
Any ladies interested in being a promotional model? Looking for ladies in your area! Flexible work. Message me 4 details
nun much just working
First a tailgate party after my last shift of work.... now Bar Louie with GCal & :D
So I bought my mom a shirt and she dirtied it by working on the garden. That made me laugh x)
Cbiscuit comes through
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies: Celebs Tweet Condolences
Not yet! But we will soon!
5 ... always a winner
I can't wait to look over these tweets. Wednesday is our all-frosh Model UN with live tweets from using #lmsaun #sschat Join us!
bahahaha. So wrong.
Today's #MarvelMarathon kicked ASS! Thanks go to and for joining us for the AVENGERS prep. Loved it.
Mabey will make a appearance at practice today
it's only natural to do that if you want to show off your Braun.
When One Direction comes on & Jason & I get a SUPER energy bolt to sing THE WHOLE SONG loudly in the car...
Lol, he needs to open his eyes that's for sure
Congratulations to the dancers of the Greater Buffalo Youth Ballet on a beautiful performance of Sleeping Beauty last week!
There's nothing worse than seeing your mom cry :c
I need to go shopping! Care to join me?
word. Oh yeah whats good with thats verse, i was hoping to get on the third verse
lmao its tough
Contacts r a bitch if u don't need to waer them don't they hurt n make ur eyes red no bueno at all I say but that's just me..
Pepper jack burger w/ deep fried pickles on top and fries for $8.29!!
I'll actually be getting paid to do some social media work this summer.
Going on an adventure. Lawlz
Back on Empire Avenue, come invest? (e)602KID Enjoy the weekend!
Just bought new comedy special video and even his confirmation emails are hilarous, he needs to perform live somewhere I"m at
Go Badgers tonight!
Danby Marble Available For Residential And Commercial Construction
You wont believe this unique software to get traffic to your webpage. on.fb.me/nOc1US
good chance they do. But they'll pick the best player available
wishes it was friday
it's never too late!
pretty sure i just ate a bunch of foil #shouldibeworried???
Managing relationships is a large part of working in the community. Prerana Reddy
There are countless children who are doing the right thing...they deserve this happy noise...: )
oh lol I was just wondering
I hate, HATE, when ppl whisper and we can all hear what they're saying. It's so fucking annoying, either shut up or talk normal.
girls with big asses freak me out 2...... lol
Yes, whats your email addy ~ Thanks
your weird ...
2 month check up went good for Jack. He got vaccinations & got some groovy neon band-aids! He's average weight but short! Go figure...
Times square is so beautiful.
- Never too late doll! #TrendsTues is still happening! Love her jewelry! Mixed metals are so hot rt now! xox
and of course G
RT : Java with Steve Stratz from was great. Always nice to hang with someone who _gets_ it. Thx Jeff. Great 2 connect
nite! it's 7 p.m. here right now. :)
i coldent agree more
i gotta learn to read code quick!
they can come to On Deck and wait in line! You were great to me and my friends. People like elevator guy are just creepy..
Being sick really sucks 😷 👎
“: thanks” you're welcome. Everyone please 🙏 for a friend of mine, she cannot find her cat.
To the mall!
haha thank you(:
Gearing up for responsive design class at 10 at #cmsexpo #cmsx. I decided to use deck.js using #CSS3 and #HTML5 for this one. Should be fun!
I can't believe in all the movies I've seen with a genie nobody's ever wished for their clothes to come out of the dryer already folded.
Goodmorning Miss Lady Hope All Is Well ... Passing Thru
sure I got a bunch of pics
Watch #Trueblood with V-Blood and/or Sour Fairy Dust see vblood.com
I swear auto correct! Lol I ment welcome(:
Thanks very much! So happy you enjoyed Desperate Housedogs. :-)
WithoutDelayBand.com is up and running in 3 months we wil have the high tech site but for now check it out!
Our pleasure. What a terrific project!
Where is ?
I wish I could drop everything and read too! Thanks for the rt!
Gotta new phone. Same number. Give me yo numba!
brb growing toe-nails a second.
omg I know but it's a bird what are they gonna do and look at that tumblr post about being metal omg
If you're flying AA out of Vegas. Baggage check-in est. 1hr. Use the Sky Caps.
Thanks! Those people like you too.
I hope you're happy with this pain you just put me through. :(
Going real well, how was Vegas over the holidays?
So I guess it isnt a good idea to take Adderal if you plan to sleep
yeah stayed home. woke up feeling worse than yesterday. Right now other than a slight headache... I feel normal
I like my coffee with heavy doses of caffeine in it. That's my only requirement. :)
It's what you do all of the time that counts
thnx again. Looking forward to ur certified app store.
35 cent wings til midnight. Team trivia starts at 8pm
Locked into with and Possibly my favorite hour of the month.
I speak of roti.
Its playing on our lobby - oh wait no its not jk go about your day
I love going to sleep when I've had a great ass day. Sleep is 100% better.
i get major anxiety when i'm in a small place with lots of people
Hello Washington D.C.
need more followers #follow and watch your number of followers increase she #followsback and
Headed to #University Graduation just in time for the hymn ~ICe!
omg me too! olalala ;)
Help for Haiti Auction Item: Own City tickets for the House of Blues starting at $150.00! Let's triple that! Call 781 595 WFNX (9369)!
Man, people in Boston sure do love to smoke cigarettes.
two words "jamaican winters" lol
fuck no we are only friends I'm way beyond gay nigga
follow back pretty lady
what do you want? I'm in Honduras?
Have to start wearing hat, though.
1 of the best songs of 2011 would be #JustCan'tGetEnough That switch up was not a joke.
Haven't slept for two days
I need to be sleep. Gotta wake up at 4
Guys stop hating becuz she met the ICONic Boyz! She did nothing!
VP Jason Anderson now testifying on SD job growth at the Select Committee on Job Creation for the New Economy, chaired by
Dreary rain this Monday morning in DC. Ick. But the good news: #TheBachelorette starts tonight! Can't wait!
Mitt Romney's hair still looks like Paulie Walnuts from the Sopranos.
Each speaker is responsible for posting their own slides. We will try to retweet when a speaker lets us know something is up.
MP Clay will be bringing the most gorgeous clay creations to #CraftinCarnival! Come for the cotton candy & pick up a handmade mug!
Performance golf programs available this Spring. Balancing golf and life. Learn to have better focus, confidence and presence.
OMG CONGRATS! I AM SO PROUD OF YOU!!!!<3
Senior pictures tomorrow! Woohoo :)
I Cried When released the BORN THIS WAY video.
that's what I'm talking about .. Clipper Darrell is the # 1 Clipper fan through thick and thin
Wondering how it took me all these years to realize- the last song my mom ever helped me learn for a show was "Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye"...
kids love them!! .. And adults too! Especially with the smiley faces :)
I'll be curious to know what you think of it. I just made some coffee and started playing it this morning.
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough.
you got it! i'll text you when i leave.
As you know now, we're not out of the woods yet.
Too much alliteration for me.
#MessageToMyEx thank you for making me stronger
whats up beautiful
A little bleary-eyed after three hours of Khovanschina. One more hour to go.
haha yeah I want to try it but at the same time, I'm scared to. It sounds gross. Lol.
What's this? An early descent to ORD? Never happens.
Hahaha. : hockey sticks are longer than baseballs bats.. you know what else is longer..
My new fav (to hate) is #AmazingRace with the former BigBro team. Her crying-don't know why they dont show him roll his eyes more
AMEN! RT: Own it! RT: A new day means a clean slate, fresh start, new beginning, & a renewed heart. #ClaimIt!
Just Woke Up From A Good Ass Nap Finna Text My Boo=) !
Today I just realized my friend updated her twitter handle. For that, she's my solo #FF. :-)
My life is just one big awkward situation.
Lebron all da way baby MVP Miami heat all day
To all Jewish followers love you all and have a happy new year
you only show up when things are good! What's next for you an appearance at the Kings game? You don't even watch them
I tried Him and I know Him Found Him to be a friend I know too much about Him On Him I can depend Saved my soul made me whole...
Having a few us$100 coupons for Google #adwords, send me a DM to help you have one of them :)
were you there?
Time for
is dying...young
I don't know how XChords will fare against competition in terms of awards, but if there was a 'most personality' award they'd get it fosho
You guys realize that Mitt Romney wants every state to be like North Carolina, right? Help us, , you're our only hope.
Words to live by! RT : just be yourself...
vperryky: Finally heading home after excellent SLA Conference!! Congratulations again to James, Jim & Stacey on their awards! #sla2010 ...
Let's try the No twitter thing for the rest of the day. Goodnight World
Last chapter of the Hunger Games yall!!!
;-) im cool in my office now just trolling and trying to finish my spreadsheet for the week so i can goof off what u been up2
'Tis true! Would also spend more time for a good pint of real ale!
I've had my ups and downs, but i'm happy. Lexi is getting better, and Taylor is still teaching hip-hop. :)
Looks like the Walgreen's on 27th & College might of got robbed. Just 3 snow covered cars in lot, & 2 MPD squads by doors
Looks like there are some seats left here for this free show at the BMA. Get here!
Rodrigo y Gabriela and The Naked & Famous are both playing on Friday night. That is so mean, .
Joey looked at me wiff the saddest face,gave me the biggest hug last night and told me he doesnt want me to go:/
Thank you! We will go there. It'll be awesome!!!!
ain't it lol that shut was funny
Love the MRA family!!!!!
's heart is a stereo. We've all been told repeatedly.
Alpha Chi Omega installed Delta Epsilon chapter at on April 26, 1958! Happy Founders Day !
pizza is here! is ready! backbone.js awaits
no its not i just watched that episode... it was heart breaking. The one about the tennis coach...
on triple-d: at nana in chicago. eggs benedict with chorizo/pupusa instead of muffin/ham. yes.
if your not following me your I'm not following you. and all that bull you follow me I follow back most don't follow when you follow them
Trust a credit swaps trader or Romney? Me: guy on Wall Street. (s)he admits to complete selfish entitlement.
Last night >>>>
Happy Batch is at the helm for Steelers. He deserves the start; Ben deserves the rest.
My mouth is on fire from too many cinnamon hearts. #can'tstop
Where did my day go.
Bob Blakley at Gartner, Alessandro Acquisiti at Carnegie Melon both predicting death of authN - facial recognition.
Just sitting here watching a PBS movie. I never I thought I would catch myself doing that . Lol
is describing a boarding school ghost experience!
Nice! Looking forward to meeting you.
Sometimes I wonder where I get this strength from. A womans work.is never done!
do u remember me from October 29th?? ♥
Keep on the look out for new show dates! Much love, Jamface P.S. We're recording new material this upcoming weekend!
Goodbye South Carolina, you'll be missed.
time for sleep
- Worst comes to worst, there's an old Mac in my parents' basement ...
you have no idea. You'll see--you'll see..
I was meant to be a female. Glad to be a guy. I would say fuck my period pads are a waste of money.
Working on story for 11..#Milton Police looking for a woman they say took her preschool age child with her to shoplift from an area Target.
RT : It's registration day. Parties/networking starts this afternoon. has one 4-6
they do it to the kids on poor countries,animals,homeless, even high school dropouts .. but never"hey heres a check for some money to help"
I shall! xD
Let's hope Sodade is o.k. Doesn't look good
My mom just told me that you're my real father.
I've got a lot of stuff to get done today before Diablo I is released and productivity drops to 0.
Already thinking of the weekend!!!
This has turned into a career panel. Sigh...
- No, I love spread offense - I report on all spread offense teams. I think the problem is you don't like Rich Rod.
that's right up there w/reheating fish/seafood in a work microwave. You just don't do that!
im #teamposey oh yeah!
Thanks Stacey...I love yours too!!
On days like these I just want to break down like a toddler, "but my tummy aches!". Ugh, go away stomach pain.
I am 100% against unforeseen circumstances..I want to know before the shit takes place!!!
"Pastas nummmy" at least my son thinks I'm a good cook :)
nobody lol idk why I said it...but do you still need help with it?
Bout to work on my leg sleeve
Mimi Gianopulos, senior from Carnegie Mellon University and semi-finalist, wants to learn Greek someday!
RT if you absolutely love and appreciate the great city of #PITTSBURGH and if you think it is the best city in the United States of America!
you're the best Haleigh!! Glad you like it! :D
IF SHE ALWAYS MAKES YOU OUT TO BE THE PROBLEM THAN DROP HER ASS
OH "just carry the Ten"
A personal #scms12 note: Our panel on "Movie Theaters and Public Space" was changed from Session S11 on Sun morn to Session M7 Sat morn @ 9a
Follow me on Twitter ! Thanks guys .
text me
"If there is something your students should know by now, you need to teach it to them"
goodbye all ;*
can get a shoutout for his game today in playoffs? hes got ultimate #pitcherswag out on the bump
Our Foreclosure Assistance Program helped 350 families keep their homes.Come get assistance in 1 of our program areas!
that Tech N9ne is on another level foreal
what conference is this?
Catch Me Spinning @ OZIO 2nyt with DJ C-Lo...TOP 40 | HOUSE | BACHATA | MERENGUE | SALSA | LETS GO!!
I know!! He didn't even realize it. lol
thank you
Probably one of the best weekends ever. And I went to an aquarium lol
thanks for the RT...Lizzy rule!
Thanks David! I have the art car parade to skate in that day but I will check it out if im not too tired.
Weren't u always following me? lol
Study for SEAM or watch the #preds in the playoffs tonight?
Hm, that sounds scary and frustrating. It's all about the marketing.
Spending my day watching Harry Potter and finishing a project #springbreak?
With bartending and djing, you have at least two good reasons to come out, three if you count drinking.
#GOP #kochbros Konspirators PROVED by allowing Mark Holden, #kochbros Gen Counsel,interview w that "Vultures of a Feather FLOCK'
Absolutely potato pancakes are a must for a fish fry-we'll be adding that search option soon.
you don't know man
love love love...❤
I think Zach from Reed College is going to be stuck with the nickname "Magic Hand" for a while...
Because we need more Shooters in the market than we need games like God of War...?
n bed watchin storm chasers
Thank you. How long have you been on here? How many followers? Could I call you later with a few questions?
he's a funny guy!
lucky my phone died!
I can't believe it's May already!!! Headed to Vegas May 31st-June 4th..For race at ! :) can't wait!!
I like that attitude
My ankle jeans rant/conundrum is going to be the death of me. Should I overcome my hate & get them & roll up? Or get regular ones? SIGH.
They're so cute!
I'm in love with a wing house girl... Whats wrong with me???
“: I'd like to say I love so much right now #stud #toogood #idol” hahaha i love u thomas thanks very much
where did the Dast Cash Go???
Due to scheduling conflicts in the governor's office, the centennial balloon unveiling will now be on June 3rd @ 7am. Our exhibit opens 5/22
I am grateful for every experience.
To the 100 people we turned away last night: we've added a second FrISC Screening! Tomorrow (Sun) 2:30pm @ Friars Club, 57 East 55th.
Definitely post that one!!
Sure. Mark
Watching victorious and I'm sleepy :)
better be!! I'm really hoping tomorrow is the best day ever!! We have 3 weeks. That's all and the best day ever HAS TO HAPPEN!!
Back in Los Angeles :)
#MUCat Garet Marling of ET begins the Summit (officially) with an explanation of Blackboard
Thanks to for the RT!!
You know what would make me feel a lot better? If decided to follow me..
TONIGHT - Tempatation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!!!
A special thanks to Brookfield Self Storage for sponsoring our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause!!!
im back
my favorite subject is puss in boots
have a safe journey. :)
Help us, help the American Red Cross! DJ Michaels, Big Mack, & Myself are @ Parena Bread in the Broadmoor Shopping Center. Donate! Donate!
#Heat's got the curse of the Little Bronbino. go #cavs!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
2011 is ending fast! Time to schedule that put-off appointment? Use up the insurance dollars now before they are gone!
Facts: Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination that violates Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
I'm loving these
heading to the Augmented Reality sesh soon.
well THAT just makes me feel even more left out! how'd it go though? did all the ladies throw their panties on stage??
RT I'm skipping down the sidewalks of NYC this morning..it's BEAUTIFUL out!!!!! I'm sure I'll end up tripping at some point.
t you are right. That is horrible, she never should have put those pictures up. Im going to report them as offensive.
have you seen ours??
can't wait until you get to Houston!!!your the best britney your my role model!
thanks so much for the good wishes and have a great holiday!
#1 Don't put anything or anyone before God, seriously Bro he doesn't like that! #GodlyBroTips Exodus 20:3
What's bad for #osama will be good for
Thanks for the RT :) Happy Friday!
YYYYYYYYYYeeeeees“: I love Verne Lundquist. That is all. As you were.”
I'm watching & chatting about #basketballwives - join the conversation at basketballwives.vh1.com
Racecar drivers are taught "do not focus on the wall; focus on the road. If you focus on the wall, you will drive right into it."
and do you know where the Valley is at? Lol
Watch Lindsay Rose on Southland on Tuesday, January 24th at 10 pm!!!!
I ate lunch outside today. Voluntarily. And it was my own idea. Who am I and what have I done with myself?
Happy Fourth Day to us!
and there's Marli Hayes 3rd homerun of the day. Cougars are on a roll!
just wanna see 2nite...doesnt look like that's gonna happen :(
yeah I think you need to change it to an MA in order for it to be accurate...
Thanks for RT'ing my interview
I've heard good things about Trupanion and met the founder. Seems pretty good to me!
Congrats to Wolf & Co for #bbjpacesetters award yet again & loquaciously supporting Boston Police Athl Assn
MONDAY - THURSDAY $7 ADULT CUTS ...$15 "THE WORKS" shampoo +hot rag facial + cut...$5 CHILDRENS CUTS ...757 892 4196 Furious Styles
bed time
difference between you and me is that I am getting paid whole taking pics of my self with my pouty self , get it
About to partake in some Korean BBQ for the first time. I wonder if anybody here will judge me if I lick my fingers?
Thanks for the #FF ! :)
It's so nice outside. Finally cleaning out my car. and fixing the back seat
Hi how are you?I would like to know if there's going to be another #LiveToDance?I still remember D'angelo&Amanda:D great dancers
It seems to me that offers of amnesty will bring an end to the resistance, faster than a reward on
Guy is a national treasure. It's nice to see him working into his eighties(!).
I bet it will be amazing! And of course, I know where you can find even more art ;-)
Just because somebody needs tutoring it doesn't mean they're stupid. Just let them be. Yeah they need extra help..
I have 2 take a one week twitter break because I have to take care of my little siblings and my mom is going back to work for her{C}
get paid ma dude
thanks for spreading the word #SFIMA Summit
haha oh gosh
ya caught us ;)
Let's call out names-names, I hate you more. Let's call our names-names for sure.
SPREAD THE #LOVE!
She's a Non-Mthfukn factor...gn Eve
Good Night Everybody!! #16MillionBritneyArmy #TeamBritney Follow me, I'll follow back I promise! Xoxo! I'm will be back later! Xoxo
tomorrow, April 5
Region Three to help Santa Mission start aquaculture - Stabroek News
that was an excellent period. i am considerably cheered up.
Starbucks. Yum. :)
I just love the soundtrack to Return To Me. Classic
Love is weakest when there is more doubt than trust but LOVE is strongest when we learn to trust in spite of the doubts.
you got it
1st them ppl STILL CALLIN FOR YOU lol they just called N 2 how u been I miss u
aww thanks gorgeous!!
I'm doing a #writingsprint @ the top of the hr for 60min. Who wants to pace me?
New BG,&username(:
Hi Jason, thanks for following me, looks like we have lots in common, who knows maybe someday we could work together??
OOPS! Re-read your tweet...enjoy your walk with your pet, Katahdin!
Joe Wilson is a hypocrite. Do you not have insurance through the government? Why is good for you, but not the rest of us?
At the All Souls ABRA protest hearing... Gonna be a circus...
Hi there!
me raven got in a lil fight but its coo now
Yes!! Come here now!!
Where do you want to save today? Know any small businesses that could use a boost in sales & revenue with our key tag method?
Love how people are saying the #Rangers haven't played anybody sorry as the 1 seed we get the worst seeds in the playoffs
Fear not, for I have redeemed you; I have summoned you by name; you are Mine. ~ Isaiah 43:1
