New bow tie design from marilynn selling at beau ties of Vermont called Playland
strawberries are dope.
What clubs were you a member of in High School? Are you still interested in any of the same things?
So what is your guess on what's in the box?
Corona is a great summer time beer!!
i dont remember the last time i was on here! EVERYTHING has changed! i miss this website so much and the memories :( ILY<3
Thank you for the RT!!
Car bombs at the clipper sound very appealing right about now....
I know that political differences in Goshen have been spicy in the past, but this level of dirt throwing seems different.
Big thanks to our guests: Clearly From Negligence, Cruelty Free, MoChester, & Tommy Gravino & Shelia Tremble!
wouldn't be surprised. there has to be a way to keep it clean though.
Strongest Proof Release show Saturday Night at
Yea my feeling hurt a Lil but its cool so if u want me to stop texting u or calling u just say so I promise I'm try my best not to call
Omg, mikey!??!?! hay. whats your favorite song?
Feeling out the water....who is wanting a NYC WWMC seminar in January...or February? Talk to me!
Developed core competences to guide Inter-professional education
As for #TeamXTina, I think you're trying to lose. How in the world do you think that Lindsey is even remotely good? she SUCKS.
Play like a Raven on Sunday Night Football GO RAVENS
My body feels like it's been run over. :'/
Lol! Watered down
I remember when me Dieyna & Derae seen this couple having sex by the lake..but it was pure daylight outside. People nasty
Have fun!!!
no worries, you'll be fine :)
God is with me pahtna, aint no one for me to fear
Just ate Kelly's for breakfast... Omg so much fricken food!!!!!!!
Cast outing to Bohemian Beer Garden in Astoria, Queens 9/23 - Let's dig into some Czech food and beer together as we mix & mingle!
Well in that case... RT Few industries produce lower ROI than tourism
I'll be on in a couple of days!!
that's easy! The guy in the background is wearing a Donald duck T-shirt.
*Leading edge of
MT : what kind of #Acoustic #musician does need? We know #GeorgeBanda amazing classical guitarist
Newark Master Plan Meeting Please Join Us: Fairmount and Westside Martin Luther King School 108 S. 9th Street, Newark, NJ May 17 (Thursday)
7. Archive it yourself. Tips from library of congress.
Good morning... 
F--k the Huge ad on the front page + now you can only read 10 articles a month? Bad long term digital strategy. 100% not likable.
i know i'm annoying you and all, but i heard if i tweet you alot you'd follow me.
how about acquiring pence to generate some more offense? Really looked like it was going pay off. Sigh.
She give me hot head, I call it global warming!
hey coco please watch my video on YouTube called forbidden hunger by marco1122 let me know what u think your fellow bostonian
If Chris Christie does run as Romney's VP, can we call it 'Mitt and the Fatman'?
The surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife
I think I'm getting sick
Success is not just for a few. It's for anyone who learns the laws of success and applies them.
Just boarded the "Barge Boat" like Danielle says.!
Asian carnitas for #lunch #today Come #downtown for the best $9 lunch around!
AeroVironment, Inc. - Looking forward to what you guys will come up with next!
And Us Are Killing It In New York Right Now! Urock Concert Tonight!!!!
Prhps they should've sent Christie a box of eclairs along with the legislation, in order to distract him.
what the heck in going on in the student government at AU?
LOTS OF POLITICAL NEWS/RUMORS FLYING AROUND SO I'LL LAY OUT WHAT I KNOW...
Third times a charm
u love that guy
awesome thank u so much!!
I think wrote every song about me.
Do you know that lack of adequate sleep can contribute to inability to lose weight? YEP!
call me daddy
What would you rather be doing right now?
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 10,000 followers! Follow 【► ◄】 and she will get you up there instantly!
In Brooklyn about to check out this Weeknd show.
I need to teach you how to sense sarcasm haha
Inaugural #PCBW is in the record books! Mark your calendars for the last week of April 2013 for another beer-studded week of fun.
Had a great Voice Over read with CD Janet Eisenberg yesterday. Really cool lady...
RT Today is the day everyone who has been predicting the death of #OWS discovers just how wrong they are.
Miller says he and Tebow were friends, so change was tough- he misses him, but he is excited about Manning.
My pleasure!
Me 2 the guy looks so healthy.
lol, she is so annoying. Have some respect for the other teams, the other coaches do.
bitch what u doin
of all the Fridays... #goodfriday. S-ing my h bro
el p-aso
A new spider flower, without the ick factor
The cost of college -- keep it coming, Obama! "Stop the interest rate on student loans from doubling." YES!
A new and likely tweeter that we personally like: !
Signed, sealed, delivered - I'm yours Dallas ISD!
I just love Robert Downey Jr. so much omg.
My issue is that complex analytical procedures puke out TEI code + so favor plain text over rich humanities data 1/2
please follow me plz
you need to stop fighting with jess its immature
Welcome..RT : n/f
does this count for iphone 4s? if so is there anyway to pull shsh off a factory install (came with 5.0.1) that has been jailbroken
Isn' it great when you thought you knew somebody and then they completely screw you over in the end, leaving you hurt and confused?
I'm having fun buying/selling things on the - so addicting!! Check it out, find me, MyDivaAddiction.
That moment when your Friends Are talking about what they want for their 16th Birthday & your not even 15 yet. :(
hm 3 points last night, best QB on west coast huh??? DLS for life!!
If your website only has one page, shouldn't the bounce rate be 100%
Yesterday I had no internet in my house at all, and this morning I'm woken up by my ipod with all the notifications I missed.
Lights just went out at chilis....
Boring and whiny is the worst.
But why do we want this?
Hey there! Are you coming to Vegas w/ the family in June? Hope to see you!
We are having an Earth Day Evening event here in the community garden area this Sunday. Books, music, fun.
See you at the workshop this evening!
My next roadtrip: I just accepted a friends invite to stay at his place In Austin, TX during sxsw. Im very excited to go & attend
When a Brotha is seen with a White Chick, he's a Sellout.. When a Sista is seen with a White Man we need to "Stop Hating!" 0_o
I have accomplished so much today
I'm pretty sure I threw an open mayonaisse packet during the Smashing Pumpkins set. 17 year old me was a dick.
Um my little Carmel sister, I miss you! Text mee(:
#ala11 Can't decide on first session tomorrow...RDA or automated acq
values not ability determine leadership success in creating change yet we teach ability not values.
Okay now it's too cold.2 more hours of hell!!
Happy Anniversary Joe! Reminds me that I only have 6 weeks left. Kind of sad. Enjoy your time, it's the best job ever.
Big #casting today. Great crowd
Confusion regarding UK's home win streak. 51 games dating back to '09 W vs UNLV at Memorial. True or False?
Great day in the fla Orlando 407 holla at me
Nice shots dude. How 'bout an afternoon w/ SPACECAMP in B&W. Whereabouts are you these days? Same big place w/ big back yard?
Hey Hon remember you got all of us cheering you on!!!
um up thinking of wayz to get rich other den the million wayz i know how dis winter is going b my summer #MONEY $$
You know imma be air in the trunk cause I don't wanna hear this
The night accelerates when you need it most.
Looking for people who switched from #management #consulting to another industry to serve as mentors for ..Contact me!
What the damn hell is in your avi?
And we flex all night, all night, like 90px
thanks for the recommendation ..good morning to you :)
Time to spend more store credit at my favorite vintage store with
new tonight?
so do you. RT You taste like candy.
bones yoga woman smokin cigarettes after nite time yoga session trying to keep it secret
This my time to stack my flow ahahah!
Great stuff, Maria!
*waves* hi
We're ranked 4.5 out of 5 Gold Stars on UrbanSpoon. If you haven't had our food yet...you're missing out!
looks like you played a "gaff" Chord!!
lol hell yea young
Oklahoma is not Verizon country
We are less than 5 hours from the start of the NBA finals.. I have the lakers in 6. Title number 15 in going home to LA.
ha, people either love it or hate it! hope things are well.
Unknown~ Prayer gives us the opportunity to speak to GOD Meditation allows GOD to speak back to us.
well, is next to me so check his WaPo review tomorrow.
Come in & try our seasonal Raspberry AB Shocktop for only 3 bucks!
No surprise that tonight was excellent, thanks as always !
Joe wanted to book you in Chicago with Mully & Hanley on 670 The Score ?
long day after choppin it up wit da old school homies today in NS for like 3 hours was dope a lot of wisdom and knowledge and respect
You don't have your ticket for Faces of Hope Gala & Silent Auction? Guess you won't get to bid on the signed Tebow football
Tomorrow is the last day of the first camps of 2012. Campers...how's it going?
If someone asked where I'd like to be in five years, I'd say, "Considering dicks on a porch with and "
How could you call yourself a TNA fan, TNA taping salready look more entertaining than last weeks raw.
Any bluey robinson fan's on here atm?
i call my twitter followers "My Little Pizzas".
Monster rehab lemonade/iced tea or gtfo.
what's the exact address, ima put it in my nav
Great job last night, ! Congrats to Showalter!
RT“ no hard feelings ....”
Cool, 2012 Apocalypse show on the Discovery channel. If only they were playing Abandoned Cities in the intro, lol!
Your MIAMI TRAFFIC LAWYER is working hard to protect those with unwanted Traffic Violations
Awesome. Was this the new neighbors, or the stoner-with-the-new-identity?
Drama, lies and tears. Cheers to these teenage years.
sometimes i just stare at the speed of my downloads and give them moral support "you can do it"
I'm so stupid it's mindless
It's time for me to run too. Got to pack up some packages to mail tomorrow. Night everyone! :)
I partake in more than my share of Belgian beers. I am a wealth of sampling information.
SAT AFTERNOON/LUNCH @ THE SMILING MOOSE = $5 YUENGLING PITCHERS TILL 9PM, TONS OF FOOD SPECIALS ALL DAY INCLUDING TEMPUA SHRIMP TACOS!
Nicely played sir.
RT love me some anne gibbons...
Same here! Alas, real life is usually more of a comfort...MT : My fondness for post-apocalyptic literature alarms me...
Making stuffed gluten free french toast for the girls. Stuffed w dark chocolate. Life is short. We are females. We need chocolate sometimes.
Never. Again.
That's not a house, that's Sleeping Beauty's castle.
that red head pic u posted .
as you always say to me: Just doin' it to piss you off...
#Romney's Superpac may run dubious ads; but his obsession with falsehood will eventually ruin his integrity & credibility beyond repair!
sure looks like the idea we developed
keepin it real since 1990. EST forever.
Over 4,200 unique Mason users of Blackboard Mobile Learn in a little over a month after release. We're thinking its useful. >99% are iOS.
Heard about that one this morning in homeroom. Sounds like it was awesome.
"The most important part of education is proper training in the nursery" Start your new puppy out right in 2012! Call us for details!
S/o to u haters im gon ride!
glad you liked Get the gringo, I play the secretary!
#happyhumpday today we want to know whether you prefer #glasses or #contacts?
Call it rachet, but I drink 40s and im proud of it...
Anyone have an extra ticket for the #raw supershow tonight? :)
Help please!!! 4 pretty girls locked out of their apartment...how can we unlock a dead bolt???
We WILL be very loud in Nashville. Trying to fill block of 200 seats You could win a trip for 2 on the bus. bit.ly/oogMiY
part of the problem is that I have to use something that is free of dyes and fragrance.
;) yeah, excited as hell to rock some Yashicamat 124G action. Putting it back into rotation.
oh already made plans yesterday
absolutely... Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
A good example is a guy who doesn't wash his hair... Totally not talking about
Thnx for the plain-language TOS, - now if only I could resize the txt field...
Yeah, me either! Guess it is time to use that deal to check Los Palomas out... :P
Go hokies....a little pay back
afternoon of waiting for this computer to process video....need to get that new Mac, stat
5 more weeks of the greatest thing in my life...then its over...Antioch band..Please appreciate how much time you still have and really ...
Looking forward to my first interview about my #book JackieAfterO Tuesday morning on Boston. Thanks
will carry us through in the beginning. Most of the amateur cappers (or professional) use twitter to post their
pipes* lol RT "someone call a plumber this pimp is about to burst"
Thanks everyone for the Birthday Wishes!!! Sorry for the delayed response works been a little crazy.
Good night twitter
Listening to discuss Brain Machine Interface at the DLD conference. Fascinating.
I think I like him :)
what does that mean to white supremacy?
Niall once had a dream that all the food in the world was gone and he woke up crying. 😢
Good, I miss my mommy...
Jealous! RT : It's snowing here!!!!
Hey now! RT : ...at least the judge is super cute :)
Surrounded by people who love life, you love it too; surrounded by people who don't, you don't. -Mignon McLaughlin
driver is still waiting at the restaurant. Shouldn't be to much longer.
I feel terrible for Pineda. for the Yankees, not so much.
I got u.. Ima put on for the nap
Keep entrusting your soul to the righteous judge on the throne.
I'm hungry.
This is amazing! I love these!
I read your book " The BIG IDEA" and its inspired me! I have a fantastic idea but need more resources.How can I make it work?
It's #Superbowl week! Packers. Steelers. Who is your pick?
can you get me some tracks for the rotation?
Thanks everyone for the b-day wishes!
that didn't take long "Daddy comes home"
whoa that is so hardcore.
THIS. RT The Web *IS* access. - at #AccessUsummit Says it all!
I'm willing good from the universe for you.
Lovin the live acoustic music at
You sure can! Invite your friends, too :). Details coming soon.
its taken me a few hours but i now realize I'm sunburnt
THANKGOODNESS FOR LIDS ON BEVEARGES! almost had a situation.
Started feeling good, then the nausea kicks in
thank you :)
I'm still sick. Not getting Any better at all.
move back !
that moment when you forget to send a message so it just stays on your phone XD!
"The fingers are the eyes of the body" Uh no that's boobs... :P
tweeting from my new Aspire One ... Linux, of course!
Hate it that I had to skip the gym this morning. I need the workout.
We have reached 600 Likes! Thank you everyone :)
I continue to be amazed by what is building. They're leapfrogging NFC payments in a big way.
RT : Optimism is positive thinking lighted up! ~ Norman Vincent Peale ♡☼∞ I love this image!
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 3. I only trust one person.
They out there play& like champs ! LETGO
Still deciding on the Rammstein concert :)
lol cause you guys go to my school right? lol there you go assuming again haha
Hearing the name "DEMI LOVATO" on the TV in a different room & running to that room as if your life's depended on it.
“Don’t worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don’t even try.”—Jack Canfield
the funniest
And we gettin' blunted, what it do? Yes indeed. Bet I got some weed like Schoolboy Q!
I am loving the quality of #FirstKick broadcast!
too bad #Browns didn't pursue any FA WRs. Time is already ticking on our 'rookie' QB.
Nice! Love it, ladies!
Daily actions pursuing #goals, career, & #prosperity, will produce results like your body exercised daily. SeanLetwat
I am going to follow all my followers but I will finish tomorrow bye guys
Hey Shawty everything cool?
full duplex arrow coming in ES7 '(...) <==> { ... }'. then the twitter operator 'usr>"msg"' block indent specifies recipients
Robertson already blown save lol. Many a dominant setup man floundered in 9th, was curious if Yanks were gonna keep him middle i.e Clippard
I'll take you out like a sniper on a roof , like an MC at the fever in the dj booth.
In motion to the city...
#howudropit should not be like a bar of soap in prison.
you should not be filming during a tornado. Go downstairs dammit.
I'm gay
Aw, give a jam-band lover a shot! They're good guys, usually.
Just tapped Victory's Prima Pilsner.
Sometimes it's hard to be a woman giving all your love to just one man
I seriously could wear my rain jacket everyday
Unpunctual people are the most annoying people.
time to hack it ;)) RT : i cant find my phone idk if i left it in your car -__-
I'm a genius.
First tip from Lori Fogarty: create a sense of urgency but remember your museum's history
We do need a trophy. Should be something Vegas-related, don't you think?
you wish they were
Second question: We've reported this. It's around $120k but I'd have to refer to archives and on go right now.
Why do we need smart phones, it just makes our generation needy and stupid!
you talk so much crap, I'm not sure whether to offer you a breath mint or some toilet paper!!
agreed!!! The boys in my school are ick!
I love your tweets. Even if I'm too busy to keep up conversation on here many days, you always make me smile :-)
If you like to tweet religious stuff, please do me a favour and reply to my tweet so I can unfollow you - thank you
Are their sears for the concert!?
Nigga hungry as a hostage
and now I want one...story of my life haha
omg. #Toddlers&Tiaras is filmed in Indianapolis,IN #myhometown. YES!
You know it but Allen is a good guy to root for.
Why do everyone on da Royal Wedding look like extras for the movie.. Naria...Just waiting on a talking Lion to appear..
hell no,for it has blue check..ahahha...you're new in twitter so obvious..:)
right though u know ur always welcomed over here, lol you are loved
RT : Purple Haze is a classic
So much tweeting!
Friday: crispy pig tail at the Bristol. Saturday: Pork confit wrapped in bacon. I need help.
they have Texas sassage. Seriously, thats what they call it.
I'll be out in a few weeks for work. I'll leave your sandwich at the Rocky statue. Congratulations.
After two weeks of #crossfit, over did it. Whole body hurts.
Ah the joys of shifting in consciousness... Sometimes they don't feel as good as they turn out the be...
YAY- YUM! Glad you had a great day celebrating :)
Just ran away. Yup. Nbd. Sick of this shit.
awesome! Get ready to laugh!!
Right there with you
love getting fan tweets from
Has anyone suggested that MF Global could simply vaporize the missing $1billion with wrong bets using customer funds?
I'm on a money making mission.
Fall is around the corner...get your beauty on now!
Successfully drank a woman off my mind last night.
nothing listening to boyfriend and planning how were gonna stalk austin! Lol
It is! At least my dad is very accepting of all people and saves his opinion to spout at home not at people in public
U are so fucking stupid! Haha.
Wait - where did you see strawberries? Which farmers?
lol I feel like we're on the same part still haha :p
Frankrupt apparel mentioned in today, check it out!
Hearing about the incredible teen program Bringing the Leasons Home at the What amazing impact on social change!
Just made homemade ginger ale! I'm never going back!
good to know that ill lose cell coverage in case of a real disaster
#sonsofguns is on. episode. Can't wait for new shows.
The 9th Year is going to be my best year yet DEMONIC!!!
Glad they're showing NCS sessions in the GSLI lounge. Currently listening to debate on #3: changing the membership year.
well fine bitch. (but no really, I hope you have fun I didn't know you were doing that)
#gopackgo Are you flipping between Miss America and Pack?
Insomnia, it's what's for breakfast.
RT ": Shout out NEW follower "
Economic risks still top risk manager concerns: Survey Economic risks continue to dominate the concerns of risk mangers, according to a s
You are my man, thanks for your call!
not a #subtweet or anything
> RT : Guys' sleepy voices
Not weird; cool
u follow AP? No one follows AP.
After reading, I want you to think about the words that come out of your mouth (about yourself, your children, husband/wife, friends, etc.)
Today is Earth Day! What do you do everyday to help save our planet?
Waiting for world famous fried chicken in Memphis takes about as long as waiting for a Doug's hot dog in Chicago: 30 minutes. Worth it.
I want hot tea and a nice pink grapefruit :( meh! Is it 11 yet?? Mehhh
You wanna know who’s amazing and has the cutest smile ever? Read the first word again. :)
"Halftime is an Opportunity, not a Crisis."
Knock it out of the park!
So very excited for and their 11 nominations! Congrats to cast, crew, and designers. It's a stunning show!
Musicals are better than movies
Hello, My name is Bitch. And I can Even piss A Happy Meal Off (:
Peace begins with a smile.- Mother Teresa #quote via
RT : In route to San Diego. &amp; Spin Nightclub tonight performing.
Got some beads at the Rod Run, for giving a really hot dude a hug. He wanted a flash but I'm like hell no lmao
Mad that Raven being a lesbian is trending! Smh
#engaged over the holidays? I wanna see your rock!
This is embarrassing so far #Packers. Smoke and mirrors all season?
This is to funny!! XD
Haven't been to a crazy ass party in a while... I hope their will be some end of the year parties!
Get well soon my friend
Twitter already sucks ass and so does
Ok my day is fucked up i hate shady bitches over a fucking dog ok really i hope she sees this to ##unhappy~~
Closing plenary at #mcn2011: The Great Debate. debate, "There are too many museums." 4:00 Int'l Room
loved it! But I'm going to be inconsolable for the #desperatehousewives finale
no i got u
and then he shoots some shit like that to make me look bad
Made quota today now my director need to come get my ass
uuuuuuhhhhhhh. I dont think we can be friends anymore. Gold Star >>>>>> Skyline
Thanks! :D
great I ended up buying a ticket to fly back Monday morning Smh...
There is really no need for the air conditioner to be running in my office when it is <60 degrees outside.
I'm rich, mother fucker!
if the news I'm about to tell you doesn't make you happy I don't know what will But our shirts will be in soon
Watching hockey at ale house ?
Nothing worse than having to get up for class when your in bed and your room is freezing.
for the diet coke that is...
#prwin, but only if it's all biz and not personal. I think most of us have gotten coverage by tapping a "I'm working on.." tweet
We will be playing at Channel Inn in Warsaw MN this Saturday @ 9PM. Hope to see you there! Bring your dancin' shoes!
For the next 7 hours swing by Fluid Coffee Bar and get the deal shown here: Free Coffee For CO Gives Day
Wow...RIP Junior
Hey Girl!!!!!! How are you and how's everybody? It's been too long...
Call your mama when you're on the treadmill see what she's gonna ask you...
Thanks for the RT!
you need more pictures thanks pimp me
hi Mrs. Hallice
RT : #JMacUp We Love JMac's fans! You are very dedicated! Let's keep going & take Jesse UP! "Up" out @ MIDNIGHT TONIGHT ONLINE!
yea I watched the news
Keep your sustainability-related questions for EPA Administrator, Lisa Jackson coming! Use
Ans: The treaty of 1494 #Tordesillas established a boundary 370 leagues west of the Cape Verde islands.
why would you say that?
Follow me
Highlight of the night: Jered Weaver singing "Hit the Road Jack" as he walks off the field. So cool.
Wishing a very Happy Birthday to Taylor Swift!
No general meeting tomorrow. Next week!
Love Life Rehab is in full swing.... don't miss this Sunday!
Two great things to celebrate at #RIT this week, Congratulations to the Class of 2011 & kudos to Men LAX Tigers! Good luck on Sunday!
I like bit.ly for shortness and cleaner tags. wants people to be able to read something from a link.
Finished a great Sunday Photoshoot with - look for our spread in O Magazine due in July!
I'm just going to try it once... I swear
Work work work ya you know I got that work
But I like #TheLakeShow chances if the BIGs give the effort they did tonight or during homes games all series!
I can't help that I am who I am , I can change but please don't make let me be who I am just once I wanna be me an have them like me for me.
yeah! suPPORT!!!
Sounds awesome! I'm watching the Caps game and Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules, LOL I get compared to Rodrick LOL
Don't go see J Edgar. While it is a good portrayal of the creation of the FBI..
“If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.” Woody Allen
~im dying laughing bc I hate automatic toilets as soon as I place da seat cover n turn the shit flushes so I know the feeling
Thank you! -sent via Pony Express
So, what do we think about the redesign?
thanks for tweeting about Livehoods!
": Some people lie so much. They start believing they own lies"....(lol thats tru)
lemke is from my city (Utica, NY) went to Notre Dame High School down the road. class act.
Yeah... after I hit Tweet I realized that it could read wrong.. Oh well... Look for my informal reply to your formal reply...
Merry Christmas
did you watch today?? "The Shadow Effect". #mindblown Hope to see you soon! Xo
are you liking Miami ?(;
7 days without soccer makes one WEAK!
Love me some football
It's hoppy, but I never drink their IPA so don't know how it compares. It's a good beer.
and high altitudes ;-)
Lets Go Celtics!!
Don't put it off. It was really good.
4 questions to ask for transformation #4 What are the results?
I'm tweeting you at 4:27 am cause I'm cool...
49 minutes til my Friday at work is over... but who's counting? On my last break trying ever so hard to chill my racing mind... ugghh!
fanks me too c:
Thanks for the shout out!
Lance Armstrong Cleared, TCB “I am gratified to learn that the US Attorney’s Office is closing its investigation. It is the right...
Are you here in Hawaii? RT Man there so much good food in hawaii I can't stop eating... Imma look like santa clause for Xmas
Erin Norman! We have so much grattitude for your consideraten gift and action! Hope this year is REALLY good to you!
On my way to ! Excited to see everyone out and about on this beautiful day. Sunshine!
yea she's an avi jacker
that's besides the points! :3
haha yes, he's my boyfriend. :)
whats good internet? have u checked tha store lately? ;)
the pilot came on right after it though so I was happy again haha
The economist in me agrees completely, the homer in me says "Well, maybe we can spare it." The homer in me is a sap.
- haha. well said
Okay, so #GoodWife is NOT working out for me on Sundays. I hate it! They keep playing the shit half hour later WTF!
U say u love an respect her then dont hold her back from opprtunites an dont put her down just support her!!!!
#Free admission to Maltz Museum of Jewish Heritage Sunday May 6, 11 am to 5 pm.
At a technology networking event. Never would've seen this coming a year ago.
she actually looks like a lil version of you aww :)
Listening to my baby sleep
how do you get more things done in one day than you have time to?
#west #west #west #west but I'm from the #south #east so
But your girls are always fierce!
My wife just told me "I feel like my head weighs a thousand pounds. but I'm light headed too."
I'm not talking to you!
We haven't tweeted in a while. Glad to have you back.
Feeln betta, I didn't care if I ever at again. Had a sandwich tday n plenty of water. Happy Easter twitterverse !!
sold out sir
hey lady...how ya doing
Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does
Almost done! RT : I have not missed driving in penn yan at all... its so small, yet takes a half hour to get to the other...
Loving all the #neon in stores right now! Something about it makes me #happy and want to spend money. H&M you got me again!
gonna try! :D
I'm new to Twitter
If he's on my projects, I prefer he sticks around. U could resort to that disguise we talked about-then u wouldn't look like u.
Interesting talk w/ psychiatrist today about the deep, difficult to measure benefits of SLPs simply being with & listening to ppl w aphasia
JUNE BRO. JUNE.
It's just me, my thoughts, and some music...chillen
I love having an empty email in box! It means everything has been done!
bout to do some stuff...then go sleep again...then do more stuff...
Never say hotie
#2012 is the year of hollywouldnt
PRT : North Korea hyped their missile; Japan hyped their anti-missiles; US hyped the threat. All in all, a tragic comedy.
In cleveland
really? They are all so bad though
RT : Students & employees of are encouraged to wear #pink Friday for #breastcancer awareness. Donations accepted...
happy birthday:)
Happy Friday on this wonderful #StarWarsDay! May the Fourth be with you!
I miss you to 💔
Let's commit the perfect crime... I'll steal your heart, and you steal mine.
My sister is in the middle of the goddamn city on her bike. Who the fuck does that?
Cooking a fabulous piece of Porterhouse for dinner and enjoying a 2 Brothers Seasonal Ale
both ugly.
The Mpls SWAT team is going to train at the house next door-50 of them all at once!! Who wants to come to my SWAT party??
#agora #SHA2012 multivocality and wiki. Truly democratic vehicle for multiple and complimentary narratives?
knows what true love is all about. It's always just going to be a few rows away... Hahahaha. :)
Yeah, this was definitely written by a Y chromosome. It has all the MCP cliches.
no way. you guys are doing Austin right!!
seems like a successful concept, right???
they say a few drinks will help me to forget her (him)
need to check out Facebook interests list.
Do you think it's a red flag if someone you're interested in has never had a long-term relationship??
everything I've done is preparation for that moment.
Fake bitches like fake niggas.
I make some GOOD ass spghetti
RT and I will be testing trigger on a project
when people call me their friend. like nah, I'm just ya doctor
what's the move for today?
follow 4 follow? if not sorry! Free promotion site on my profile if u need hits to your likes, follows, +1, views
ah. Makin' me homesick!
sweet.. you just added to my cravings - butthead
Haahah sorry babbe i would get you but i left beforee i saw your message!
Bitch you look like someone set your face on fire and the put it out with golf cleats.
Does anyone knoe hiw to get rid of spam..?
A1: ratings were down overall for the race. This is the biggest race of the year, not sustainable on Mondays.
I'm a firefighter lol
Luck of the Irish has struck Diversity Platinum- Knottsberry Farm and the Soak City's of CA have come aboard giving our members discounts!
ur missing the games.
thanks dawg! like us on fb!
A tax pledge Grover Norquist probably thought of in high school is about to drive our entire country off the cliff.
Congrats! Best of luck to the family!
Miranda, your natural beauty makes me smile 5 days a week usually lol:)
They should have put your name & company under your image though...stinks that you don't who any of the people are!
Thanks so much guys!
Thx for letting us know, and thx for spreading the word as we help haitians in #miami access legal and public services!
Calledback 4 production of Arnie the Doughnut (Proves you CAN sing a song about poisoning pigeons and get a Callback)
My 6 year old cousin is killing me in black ops...
About a Sagittarius: When this sign sees something as possible, they will go to great lengths to rally enough people to make it happen.
What if men still got relaxers lol
We'll see you there!
Thanks to Dan Rybicky and John Sayles for a great conversation!
Is it just me or does Usher's beard make him look like Teddy Pendergrass?
I miss you too! :( come stay with me for a week! I have plenty to talk to you about
“The reality of the war versus the war that people saw... it’s a very different reality” Mike Kamber on media censorship...
FITzees, who signed up for our #6WkChallenge? It all begins today- feeling pumped?
I want to live here. East coast, I'm never coming back.
itArtNotStuff.com - is in the CLOUD...
it was ok. Boring as usual. u?
Ordering more supplies to continue ramping up production for the upcoming holiday season!! Falalalalalalalala
Took the dogs for a walk. Back to some coding.
Looks like May is #CitizenDiplomacy month for our NH member! MT : May: 8 programs thru , 2 pending & 1
I won't give up on all of you. I will pull my own weight.
I'm not sitting next to you though...?
well hello early summer :D
See the documentary “The Shot Felt ‘Round the World” Nov 11-13
watched the encore of Man City's win and wow, this was an incredible win for franchise!
IN THE LAB WITH WORKIN ON NEW TRACK PROD BY
Let them praise the name of the Lord, for He commanded and they were created. -Psalm 148:5
I saw people playing elf poker earlier. I wonder if you were in one of their decks
oh-- sorry. These didn't get emailed to me. Sunday works for me too. Menu requests/suggestions?
I'm pretty sure I provided more intellectual capital than I was paid for today.
I'm currently listening to Big Time Rush by Big Time Rush on my iPod touch.
Hey girlie! Thx for the mention :)
On this *Nuvo* feeling good on a Monday
Check my offic. website for soundbite of my debut single: kellieluvella.com
"what happens if a car comes?" ".....we die."- The Notebook <3
I thought it was just me...
wtffffffffff how do you have so many followers.....
google chrome incognito window?!?!
I am resorting to creating a background lock screen with all my to-do items on my phone. It works, what can I say?
All unsigned #artists #rappers #singers amateur #models #producers for further exposure get@ me.
W.e gonna bump music in my room & stay since im off tomorrow. Yeah buddy.!
Crack Mont Stank!
I agree, I just wish they went with an engine with a little more kick to it.
oh noes! Need any yummy snacks to keep you going?
“We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience” – Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Hello Boise, I'm back living with you!
it's pretty good!
thanks girl!!! Miss you!!
Sounds primitive but...MT Are women’s rights in #Afghanistan priority or just political bargaining chip? We discuss Wednesday.
Cried like a baby at the movies but my mascara is miraculously still intact. Swag.
looking forward to being apart of it!!!
Time for some orange leaf! 
I hate when im talking to a person and I just fall asleep INSTANTLY. Sorry
Yup. I sang the words to the jingle.
That awkward moment when someone tells me that me & him should go out. & I'm just like " I wish".
My teacher "This is such crap this day sucks" story of my life coach holly..
imma monster everyday is halloween
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom
Weekend was okay I can't complain v -day me an my babies gonna take pictures:) haven't done that in a while
Keep calm and shut the fuck up.
Not looking forward to #dirtydancing remake
Great crazy as usual JK!! Hows yo mom n dad he always used to talk to me n give great advice i really respected him alot!!
"To awaken others to the hope that is in them may be the greatest thing we can do for them. We humans need hope." -- E Glenn Hinson
RT : PLEASE NOTE dates in the print version the great story are incorrect! KC plays Fri & Sat (not Thurs)
isn't that all the students they had in the entire school?
Happy weekend and TYVM! luv new follows
please do! It will be a lot of fun!
your gorgeous
Miss you too pretty girl!!!!
In the library when UW announced classes were suspended for tomorrow. You would of thought it was a wild zoo in the stacks.
wishes Sarris the best today and hopes for a quick return to business! Sarris Candies has been such a wonderful arts supporter!
Next on the High Brour? BG's take on "mature weddings" and TJ recounts his adventure to meet !
I'm bout to hit the studio
The Real Her...
ATTN: HILLTOPPER NATION - $50,000 anonymous gift received, will match all new and increased donations. This is great news---spread it!!!!!!
Bethany Graduation soon!
haha be careful ;p :)
I'm like a little kid I'm so dam picky about what food I eat
The moon will illuminate my room and soon I'm consumed by my doom...
I wonder where do they bought those mini pins. omfg. YAWN '0' <--- Matt's style
Could the #Verizon ad w/the crying mother & daughter act be MORE irritating? No.
R.I.P. Jack Lalanne !
you should get it on your left arm, wrist or chest so when ever you decide to take off your shirt on stage we can see it Lmfao
Spell check>>>>
would love to have you!
. Rad. I still want to be your protégé.
fa real
Buckhead on my top five places NOT to go..
truth these girls n boys need to listen
Lamest guys night ever! Who brings their mom to a hockey game??? Seriously buddy???
Got a new head coaching job today... Pretty stoked about it #Baseball!
Bad day at practice today :(
so you're possibly coming to australia, if you do come to australia will you please visit me in Melbourne? <3
It was definitely one of the highlights of the day! #girlgeeksatFITC FTW!
Continental is literally finding ways to make their airline worse as if that were possible
This is just bizarre. Jeter has been stretching this out for weeks, sets an exact time to decide -- and isn't ready?
A shy students came up to me and said, "Thanks for forcing me to participate today. I actually had fun, and think I grew a little."
Loving "Life" by Keith Richards. Thanks for explaining the roots of rock and roll to me.
I stack money and kick it.
United should have waited for you!
Which idea?
an easy group to cheer for.
hehe, if I won that much $$ I'd go to Chicago a lot more (cousin lives there)
Big S/O to Our Engineers at !! #Success !!
Come on I need some laughs!!
I could eat an entire large Donatos' pizza by myself...in one sitting easily.
I will pray to this giant fire breathing pig. All hail...Porkisus? I, for one, salute our new pig overlords
Oh, & quoting soldier boi might earn u an unfollow too! -_-
RT I went over my data usage this month whatever 😳🙅 >I do that every month lol
Of course! Look forward to meeting you
Beautiful opal! (I'm still wishing for an Alexandrite someday...)
I wish had Epub files. It much easier to change the font on my Nook with an Epub file. PDFs come out wonky.
Here's to my dad and many other brave men and women who fight for our country. Have a great weekend everyone!
Told them that my cousin was murdered and that I felt uncomfortable sitting in judgement of people. Didn't seem to phase them.
Warning: The iPad version of Instacast is *weird*. iPhone one is nice.
lol okay Russ whatever you say :P
killed it. Big props to as well.
If Panthers go to Super Bowl, we should all go to New Orleans ;)
We got new lines painted on our parking lot!! Ok, that may be lame--but it's a big deal to us.
Disc golfing at Pamprin!
are you accepting submissions?
Me too, although technically I am. RT : Wishing I was at #MW2012 this week, even though I'm technically not a museum person anymore
They are gorgeous
Test on handwashin doe?!...
Real copyeditor note on a short piece about to be pubbed: "Is you saying there were similarities and differences across time?"
If you are not wearing your foundation garments, you are not negotiating from a position of strength. -Simon Doonan, talking prostitution
Coach Carter trending! Jus mentioned watchin 4 1st time & am VERY IMPRESSED so far! great as always & looks SO FINE
I always wanted to do that water tour...send us good tweets and pictures.
got mad hoes on her dick
In need of sleep, big week ahead!
Oh it's a dead tweet. Josh this is Todd.
done! Yo you at tower?
Rodriguez improves to 4-0 with a TKO! #boxing -ms
I ran into Nine West yesterday and found some really great pumps with kitten heals! Reasonably priced and go with everything!
Thanks for including my tweet
I can't believe I just bought a shirt at Hollister...😳
A women who relies on her mind and not her looks is wifey material. That's rare these Days. Lot females wanna be model and looking for a dad
It's not you it's ewe.
Screw growing up and making my own money.
Who all is going to see the new Pirate's movie tonight at midnight?
It's Tuesday which means its Vegan Night! Stop by tonight for an assortment of vegan pizza slices.
busy season for me with AAU in full swing... I see & hear all ya hard work...
Book your spring cleaning appointment for April and receive 20% off. Email us at .
Yeah. I just don't want to see a non-club version of Jane's Addiction.
It's interesting how much we rely on the internet.. when its down no one knows what to do lol. Guess ill play solitare
There were 22 entrants in today's $140 buy in ($125/15) noon tournament. The top 3 paces get paid, 1st is $1334. Next tournament is at 7pm.
I don't believe you !!! You seriously don't secretly love "Not Unusual"??!
Thank you both!! I aim to please!!
lolol hongry belly :) but im just being cool like always man =)
where do u get ur hair at? :)
Am I the only one who finds it strange that there is a "Teen Paranormal Romance" section in Barnes & Noble?
thanks Jess! You launched me & I'll forever value that!
This Sat. 10-1- our first #garden build at Cleveland Elem! We'll be building raised veggie beds, painting, & #planting-wanna help?
Add valuable customer feedback to your #smallbiz with Is your business collecting actionable data from your customers?
I am the question massstterrr!
#ndpl slideshow widget allows libraries to create slideshow subject views into their content collections
so that's what it is? Ah ha!
thank you for sharing great article.
naw I was on Heltah Skeltah first actually cd that was distributed by Select-O-Hits after every Manson Family CD
im jealous of every girl thats ever hugged you because for one moment they were hugging my world</3
Let's hope the sun shines like this on Sat for the #Dog Days of Summer! Fun w/ your 4-legged best friend. www.cantondogpark.org/
Around the world people use Facebook to protest their gov't
We can all put weight on or lose weight.
true true.
The two most important languages to know for business: HTML5 and Mandarin
Microsoft has decided to make sure that all users of Internet Explorer are using the most current version by turning on automatic updates!!!
Thinking of something I can change my name too instead of Chachi Gonzales cause I feel that that's what misleads people to think I'm her.
LOL! Yeah I have pretty amazing bosses! Love my job! Haha.
Are you from new York? What's the scar from? Do you know when the bus comes? Do you have a boyfriend. Omg. I guess I look interesting?
Ayo. Ray Allen > Philly.
RT : He's doing LOTS! Has athletic training company (for kids ages 8-18) also a Foundation working w/Jax schools/kids
Awesome! Thanks! 😃
No fucks should be given RT : I spend too much time giving a fuck.
you're so sweet :) thank you!! ☺
Besides seeing my parents, I am super excited to eat every day. I'll be as big as a house!
RT : Hi! I found you through #socialjustice. Excited to keep following you. :)
Lee Evans & Billy Cundiff should hide out 4 a while
Hey buddy!
what was your best memory of this summer
"It is often hard to distinguish between the hard knocks in life and those of opportunity."
Some people go to the grocery store to stock up before a storm. I go to the (and the liquor store).
Thanks for RTs, from the kindness of Charity!!
RT : Cool we have a citability in mapping data project for the #dccodeathon apr 9-11 so soon!
thought you'd like that! Congrats.
Monday's Sports in Brief (The Associated Press)
giants for choice for the limited
Welcome Isabella. Happy Christmas to you and the family!
"It's Frankensteen." last night was just amazing :)
fuck a bitch ;P
Can't wait to see you!
Oh come on...awesome tune...
Do you think Atlanta has good musicians/bands to offer? Tell us who you think they are...
I think Applebee's karaoke should be your new pre-show warm up. It's not like doing scales helps or anything
Sir. It's time for you to come and minister in Chicago.
Hehe..was afraid you'd ask abt that!! Keeping it in my head and hoping to get to out this weekend...Been productive though :)
excited about the "LA INDIA" concert at the Conga Room New Years Eve. Purchase tickets at Congaroom.com. Use code "LATIN" for discount.
Work. Work. Work.
me and my mans are just #2whitekids that grind 24/7..... Hard work pays off
If vehicle owners are required to carry insurance to pay for accidental damage to property or loss of life - why aren't gun owners?
A Black Belt now equipped with two indestructible plastic hips?
Congrats to everyone who just finished #libraryschool. Welcome to the coolest group of scientists in town!
I'm so relieved that this crazy semester will be over on Wednesday and #BlueManGroup Thursday!
look, i'm glad you're all very happy but I don't need to hear your sing and dance party afternoon
did he actually say that? ..when?
Ugh... I am not a fan of buses.. But on one...heading to Little Tokyo.. Excited about origami exhibit.
...pretty sure I was a monk in a past life. Either that or a relief pitcher for the Orioles.
Facebook is the root of all evil.
8:45 and I'm going to bed. But what a good night.
Have fun!!!
Will finish Hunger Games, book 1, tonight. What an awesome story!!!!
Only 15 minutes behind schedule, I'm off to bed. Being compulsively organized isn't a bad thing
": awful morning omg. Happy to be going home from school." Im happy im going home too :P
SO EXCITED to start hurling! :) PS- weren't you going to join Shamrock Club, too? You should start coming w me!
hahahaha! All apart of my plan.
Thxs 4 the follow. Thx god it's friday! Have a good day.
Things gotta move.
All of us could take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
My 5 yr old daughter asks: "mommy, who's that?". That's Madonna sweetheart! ;)
So Cody when are you going to teach me how to surf? :)
ima have like 15 ppl proof read it. i dont wanna lose points on grammatical errors. that always happen.
Big thanks to our panel, to GEH for hosting, and to all those in attendance. And thanks to Nike for no vuvuzelas in their winning spot.
school of inquiry and creativity
more artists in our rotation: corp cartel, true montana, atm, erick right, dynasty, frankie cutlass, + more!!
Sun glasses and advil last night was mad real
That would be me!
How nice for Walker to have an over-nighter in Wisconsin for once
I see you're posting from Android. I understand your frustrations. :P
You'll get what you deserve: A broken heart. A broken heart you can't mend.
Ignorance is bliss... Arrogance is rude... Rather be ignorant the arrogant cause nigga you just an arrogant Mothafuka #TrueStory 😝
the ”conservative” one
off to watch a movie, sip a celebratory Margarita....and of course: paint!
Oh yea...... GOODMORNING EVERYONE!!!! :)
thanx for the follow!
boondocks all day who wants to watch it wit me
It's 30 November. Why is there a MOSQUITO trying to eat breakfast with me?
Just found out I don't have to work tomorrow anymore. Awh yeaahh.
It feels way later than it is...
What happened??
Awwwwwwh. Thats a really Sweet text :) please follow me it would mean alot to me
Welcome to the club. i cant even dance to salsa and im hispanic! its embarressing
Cool. I'll be there if I'm in town.
ONE-LINER: The only certain thing in life is death.
People who tie their hoodies<<<<
morning y'all! hope everyone has a day full of smiles and laughter :)
I just don't think I could handle it. Ah well!
It's uncanny how certain songs work exactly like time machines, esp. when driving, for some reason.
Need to make a new playlist to bump.
your heart<3
You bet. Especially a slim and elegant PS2.
Thack's For Following Me Now I'm Happy So I'm coming Back LOL :)
hahaha.:))) did you grow this year?
sleep deprivation. i'm not responsible for those words!
twitter is being a pain these days lol... let me talk to the rest of my team & get back with you about an interview :)
Back on my twitter shit
No need for coffee. Just listen to every morning.
Our mission is to provide more direct opportunity for artists we will be inviting collectors to directly contact artists for art
he's always been an amazing father. *smiles* the babies are all so lucky.
When seeking #content to share, make a list of at least a dozen topics, then schedule
RT : obedience RT : college degree RT : Culinary skill RT : Fellas: Boy shorts or Thongs?
i could care less
the is still waiting for an official apology for Stern Show biting our Ring my Bell bit!
sure sure sure sure sure sure
I'm in LA in a couple days... swapping states with I'm missing my dude's show! Will be back in time for Hard Rock on the 20th.
Oh dear God why? RT Humble yourself by looking at a photo of your father and acknowledging you were once his orgasm.
laying low, heading to bed. Hella early morning. I hope my #cfo, has a great night.
Thanks Beth! RT : Ready for some cool amigas for
Cheese, Cheese and Chips, Gehls Cheese and Chips: They're nochos, but they could be for $2.99
Love the socks !!
haha not that much.
Jan. ritual:Paying dues to art orgs. -it's expensive to just belong, so I can then pay to just enter-so frustrating.
RT "Listening to describe #Deloitte project; identifying issues that s/b on CEO agenda" props:
Obvious troll is obvious.
Knicks to meet with Mike Miller first. Apparently they didn't stop being retarded when Isiah Thomas got the boot
alright. Do you own the movie!
why is Kelly insane?
Been tossing and turning all night. Can't sleep. Now there's a .... Cat stuck in a car in front of my pad. Meowing dumb hard.
Fun chatting with you today! I vote for a t-shirt next time :-)
M. Young or Arod?
Hmm did they change the label? Its about the only really good beer they produce and you posting this makes me want some :/
If we all could get along then we all could sing this song together <3 DL and JD
lol it's a scary, scary thing. Did you know your uterus can FALL OUT? Ahh!
I'm not sad
you can't lose voting for well done sir!
insanly horrific night. Who . Now breaks into 4 part harmony of oh happy days . Side step and dance dance dance
pissed my mom wont let me try out for mill creek softball . -.- conditioning started . WHY MOM WHY .
11:30pm tonight at the Theater in Hollywood. Jokes & Drinks. Plus, and I might slap-box like ladies
Stoked to see that is coming to on April 24. Science!
pretty much! And try to stick with one type of alcohol cuz if you have a bunch of diff ones that'll def give u a hangover!
I just want 2 be treated with dignity regardless of where I am or what I look like. Easy right? (P.s. Hi Ryan!)
gonna take uh shower and head off to bed
Sexy, can I?
It's a big problem, but there are bigger issues for this team than lineup construction.
The second I get in the car, All The Small Things is on. . .
There is a dude out here who sounds just like hank hill.
Dear Ophelia I'm trying tell them I have scared the world the voice tell my I am dying but I tell them I feel fine
Stoli Party was off the CHAINS last nite...David Ruiz what up!!
Combination containers offer beauty and plenty of variety
Hide n seek with girl friend during OKC Half time >
Contact my office so we can assist you with appealing your tickets.
We're making every home game Mullet Night!
Give us a LIKE if you're cheering on the Texans this weekend! Any predictions on the score??
Directly after a session, clients usually feel very rested, clear headed, stress free and in a relaxed state of mind.
why am I frozen? like to the core.
Saw The Avengers. That was fucking awesomes. Words do not describe how I feel, and Black Widow is smoking. Her ass, UNF.
Its all here in the kitchen, come help yourself! #OhWait :P
When my tummy hhurts & you rub my tummy #ThatsCute <3
Deck out Cynthia Holiday.com at smoke jazz club. NYC for brunch. Every sat in December. Don't miss out.
Free Sims Card Thursday
My kids are crazy lol!
naw... the second youngest.
i got it :P<3
Cool. See you there! RT : Ric is on his way to Phoenix for the Rainbow Festival this weekend.
Go get em' WTMD! We support and love your station.
will y'all host a screening of this at SAA? It can be a fraud fundraiser to finance the tj booze trolley...
I don't know what the fuck just happen but I liked it
Watching on my 50 inch tv. Bryan, u look a lot better when ur on my phone...just kidding :)
Seriously, not much on earth is more annoying than that.
Broncos Rule!
Mother Nature has nothing to do with it. We need to abolish daylight saving time. It's disruptive and pointless.
#teamHeat getting their Osama on. ( #Missing )
Not Bambi! *tears*
Ramsey County Charter Commission-interesting discussion going on! Are laws being broken? The chair being overridden?
no, my older sister is moving across the street from her current house, and it's going to be awesome!
Sharpening pencils to keep score, count pitches, do stats. Sun just came out.
Sometimes, I get so deliriously happy, I worry my face might crack open.
You must change toward a person who refuses to change.
She no she was down bad fa them bubble shorts lok
#EverybodyHasThat1Friends that's obsessed with horses... or dolphins
LOL Can't wait for postgame handshake. Gonna laugh when Sean Payton beats Jim Schwartz with his crutches.
I would get one for sure. No! Not creepy!
Well, you seem to give no fucks you damn asshole.
- It's like a hodge-podge of different elements including pork, chicken - we've even seen it with rabbit.
Nothings changed, no one can take your place. It gets harder every day. If you ask me I will stay.
I remember the #CAPRSA presentation in 1997 with it was in Cabo San Lucas and I wasn't at the beach!
you must have no watched the masters commercials with bubba
Bout to hit up cabanas in hollywood for a bit
Thanks very much! Feeling pretty good about it. :)
cancelled a magazine subscription that had a few months left on it—should be getting a refund, right? Got a bill for $79. Interesting.
good morning sis!! I have your #Starbucks this morning!!
On my way to Lake Eola for an AM run!
Alex broke his string on his guitar tuning down...
Good morning. What you know good?
I just got Instagram! I'm under clairepires1 it's so cool!
thanks for the follow!!
You're rtill in my heart ♥
": Nice show twan. That radio joint crazy "appreciate it fam glad to put on for my city
your tweets<3 & your smile. Oh gosh<3
:) tY & Have a most awesome week
15 and i still cant do nothing
peyton is overrated like his brother.
Working board exams ALL day tomorrow...this time next year ill actually be taking them!!
I'm getting a tatooo this weekend suggestions please....
Handle ya business!!!
Do you know a ink were we can see results by ward? At least just for Dane? Thanks!
Anyone else miss the Andy Milonakis?
Not knowing where you stand with someone <<<<
They will so kill them At least 4-2
R.E.P Music Houston Texas
funny but wierd
Thanks for your continued support! You all fuckin' rock!\m/
Waiting for the Hunger Games to start!!!! So excited!!!!
i hate when my mom comes in my room and doesnt shut my door on the way out.
Long day of testing glad its over!
I definitely can :)
Tonight at the CU Boulder Museum, lecture on Navajo Rugs and the opening of their new exhibit featuring their amazing collection, 6:00 PM
how come you aren't in Texas covering Bruce Chen?
The google streetview car should play a song like ice cream trucks so we know it's coming.
You know it!!!
Windows ⬇ Music ⬆, kind of weather 😊☀
Well, you're sitting backIn your rose pinkCadillacMaking bets on Kentucky Derby DayI'll be in my basement roomWith a needle and a spoon-MICK
Im actually bullish in the near term
#dwts better not send home!!!!!!
Off for the day in 30 mins. Boss said an hr ago he has new project for me. Know he's gonna give to me at 11:55.
I AGREE!
you seriously looked like you might puke almost the entire ep tonight no offense lol
lmbooooo.....shucks i need all the 2000 to "LIKE" me too..ahahha
will be there! possibly not until 9ish or so
great to meet you! Hope we made it worth your wait...
Your ol' conceited ass ... I don't love you that much ahha
whats up my ninja?
It would be nice to come in to work and have my computer start without incident once in a while. I sound like an old person.
Why isn't sharing? Besides publishers, maybe it's people who overvalue individual content and undervalue community
stop being dead so we can go visit our boys in oob soon!
Stretching for my run. Feels good being here
you mean "came home to sam hartz curled up at my feet"...I'm glad you're home!
got 15k patch ☺
Get your legal documents served by Expeditious Process Servers. Give us a call at 916-509-0677. Sacramento, CA
Just stopped by to say hi to & the food smells the way heaven better or I don't want to go there!
Be purposeful and mindful of your interactions. Stop texting & multi-tasking when people speak to you, focus on them
Just got done studying :-) Had a long day Goodnight muah!!
We don't have a booth at #railsconf but lots of us walking around and we will be at Bat Bar tonight!
I am an entrepreneur saw your articles on Alltop Please visit my new website Tina Bagon www.kidshardwarekomany.com
NO! I didn't mean to kill Tali or her people! I didn't think that would happen!
Lol. I only did the guest pass this time, knowing the chance of that happening is not very good.
Thank you! Things are starting to turn around! How have u been? Are you getting ready for the Olympics? I like winter games more!
Today is a beautiful day for the Grant Celebration. I hope New Yorkers will visit his tomb today.
The LAX game is underway and Denison leads 2-1.
I just got home from work than my gf took me to the wing stop for dinner my love is the best..i love how she feed's a nigga.i love her......
How creepy is it to get "likes" a few months after you post something, creepy as fuck
Happy Birthday (: Hope you have a good one!
i'm seriously laughing like i've never laughed before in my life HAHAHAHAH!
Whoa, Max Payne 3?
I left before i got to hoist you up on my shoulders... maybe tomorrow in photography?
:) hi Michael
I need a toe nail clipper
Thank you!
my nuts hang like ain't no curfew, bitch if you have I will surf you
Take charge of your attitude. Don't let someone else choose it for you.
Thanks brother TJ.
Boy yo money & my money aint the same damn kind! I can live yo life & my life at the same damn time!
One marker of digital humanities endeavors is making humanities scholarship accessible to more people--expanding the audience
It wouldn't be the North End without old Italian men standing on a street corner yelling at each other
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ??? ,, , ,
#FF Hello and thanks for the follows!
#TaylorSwiftIsTheBest until #Beyonce walks in the same room..then she's just some skinny bitch with a baggy dress on..
"Failed to send message. Please try again or contact administrator some other way" Is there an email address where I can reach you?
#nw Robin Hood Men in Tights
How long till SNL WIll Ferrell starts trending
#FF are great follows. By all means check them out.
Season finales.
hahahaha, he didn't laugh because he's probably thinking the same thing back!
still has TMZ as only source. No "official" statement. Not calling it a lie. It's just not an official statement.
like Taylor swift said I had the best day at school today first day of 6th grade
Oh man, so much work to do...but exciting work. For awesome.
The Crime Stoppers twitter account was hacked. I believe the problem has been rectified. Sorry for any inconvenience.
#accident involving a school bus northwest 27th avenue and the palmetto expressway
saw the emails will do some follow up asap...keep showin love thoe appreciate it all...
Don't order Prime Rib 'well done'. If you're afraid of pink meat, have fried chicken! #PrimeRibDay (Ok. we'll still make it for you!)
OH : I might be a miracle worker, people, but I can't fix stupid.
thank you :)
Big Mac, Fries, and a Coke
Evil Dead aren't scary. I only fear being lebronned.
Big day...
Finished watching President's speech. I can't help admiring him. I'm still paying attention, deeply, to his every move.
so excited!!
": QPR, you're in the relegation. 6-3-1 probably isn't the formation you need." And zero pressure on the ball?!? Come on!
is that you holding the groundhog??
I hate working split shifts 😒
Haha you literally make me want to kick you in the face.
I'M LOOKING FOR ARTIST TO COLLAB. WIT, I HAVE SOME DOPE BANGERS FOR YOU TO WORK WIT, SERIOUS ARTIST WIT MONEY ONLY, BUSINESS MONEY TALKS
nah im allowed to talk to oomf!
Love your books!
season finale of #greysanatomy!!!
i cant sleep cause i have bsb and aaron carter on my mind.
Reports are in that 5 men have been indicted on charges of plotting to blow an #Ohio Bridge up. This country is doomed
GET DOWN WITH GOOD GAME.......STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT! The BEST FEMALE ENTERTAINMENT IN HOUSTON TEXAS!!!!!
never wanna go back to school. #springbreakforever #iwish 😁
JUSTIN N SELENA. BEST COUPLE EVER!!!!!
": why are you changing my tweets when u rt?" Too good not to retweet.
Tomorrow I will not be talking to represent that Bullying is NOT okay!! Well here goes to a hard day
RT : David Stern loves himself some "himself".
Taught about the ERA this morning. Have women actually achieved equality in our society today? What do you think?
Honestly, I'm at the point where I wanna say
#DontYouWish YOUR GIRLFRIEND WAS A FREAK LIKE ME. lolol wut?
Be Sweet & Please Retweet !!!
Proud to be an American.
The school geekin callin houses & stuff !
Right on girl! XOXO
Just saw the Apple 'Rock God' commercial and realized it's my neighbor. Love it!
I was falling asleep in class. Now I'm actually in my bed, wide awake and can't sleep.
I don't know anything about cricket. Tiny trophy? Ashes? What??? Reference or wikipedia citation, please?
. I went with SyntaxHighlighter MT for now, not 100% happy with it, will look around some more, thank you both.
no work today...woo hoo
Everytime I hear Wu tang forever or method man tical 2 I want McDonald's breakfast early morning drives to
just announced some west coast dates in late may... Will be announcing USA tour dates very soon! Where are you?
Question of Walmart: McDuffe does not support, hunter and Wilde support, Henderson and Day want to slow it.
Hello twitter world! Kinda scared to be here & saying good bye to my tweeting cherry
Agreed! RT : Twitter is our #1 form of personalized PD!
not to mention the refs and the NBA want the Heat to win for tv ratings going forward. The calls are going to be ridiculous.
Club hopping tonight with the girls
took me legit 3h to find a background picture BELOW 800k (wtvrtf that means) -______-
I wonder if Eli will crack up (and make us crack up) like Peyton did."Locker Room" might be one of my fave SNL sketches:...
beat me with my own balloon. in the face. rude.
I will try to go! I just saw Lainie at The Polo Pounge.
Are we not men?
Facebook page created for upcoming attendees (only) facebook page. For Travel/hotel rideshare coordination purposes
Glad everyone had a great prom, I know I did!!
80 This Weekend! Forecaster Felton at NWS points out "The last 80+ degree day in May (Sea-Tac) was 2009".
Tropical Smoothie then it's time to do work on this paper I've put off forever
Welcome back, Modesto JC students!
home sweet home 
I am really missing my sister
alright, alright, alright!!!!
It's 2am i have to get up at 6. Why am i not asleep right now?
at least you avoided that disaster
Just signed Jaden up for baseball!
I love musicals 😍
Our webinar on digital signage for independent schools is about to get started. There is still time to register at...
I feel sorry for the Cuzo William Buford
they both are puzzy's who cares?
RT : Thank u DALLAS for the best year ever ...
Question time: let us know!
Take care of the rock Kansas, thanks
I think it's offensive to people who have really experienced it. You put your life on display, so deal with it
“Don’t ask what the world needs, Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it; Because what the world needs is people who have come alive!”
My life is beautiful.
My salvaged #linux box, running , is now on a crash marathon. Every time something like this happens, I learn much. So,
NICKI MINAJ IS VERY MUCH ALIVE.
I can only imagine how many people who are still using MobileMe, because iCloud is not compatible with Snow Leopard.
Great day at the market!
if westlife still had a career they wouldn't be having a farewell tour.. smdh
take charge indy
So take your eyes off the trigger. I'm not to blame if your world turns to black.
haha cause I'm talking about the gym as a whole.
PR people and government agencies: Please stop sending your press releases as file attachments only. Include the text in the email.
RT : Its a beautiful evening in the Third Ward. Drinks on the patio anyone?
Open Mic night tonight at 10! Be there or be square.
RT : "Libraries aren't just for books or movies anymore. Increasingly, they're a place to turn for job skills, shelter..."...
Pitbull make's New Years Awesome !!
Ha! Good to know :D
#thingsihate when people don't know the difference between your and you're. I'm pretty sure we all learned contractions in the 1st grade
On the bright side of today, I learned that I'm actually 5'5! Ah!
Caterpillar Just Demolished Earnings Estimates, And The Stock Is Surging (CAT) via
Reviews of Max Payne 3 point to it being outstanding. Between that & Diablo 3, how many of our followers are losing $60 (or more) tomorrow?
nobody understands me. I'll be single the rest of my life.
That he has his own place and a job now and he's taking the day off to come to my graduation/openhouse if he can. c':
#FF Social Media Leaders
glad u like it my songs playin on sucksfreeradio if u listen online am 4 collab more later.
Hagan Pushes Bill To Accelerate Drug Approval — North Carolina Public Radio WUNC
I love big black cock!
I'm glad to have served with you and the War Eagle.
Liam James Payne 1DUpdateIndoQuiz i have no clue what this is but oh well
make me! *licks tongue out*
"omg my shorts have a rip on my butthole!!! Oh no I walked up stairs too!!! Oh no!!!" -
let's go skiing!!
I don't think that there is a such the as a "player" there's just a bunch of unfaithful immature little girls and boys in this world
That video was filmed in our hotel.
Great lunch with the fam at BJ's, then picked up a power supply for the kids' computer. Can't wait for the 'Girls Night' sleepover tomorrow!
Anyone need Catalyst Atlanta tickets? We've got too many! DM me. #cat11 www.catalystconference.com
