#PLUR Peace. Love. Unity. Respect. These are the things I will never forget. <3
Check out our associate Ned Mulligan who handles #personalinjury #medicaldevice cases. You can also follow him
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
r u home-schooled???
Food Truck Day in Del Sur, along with Bocce and bring your own growler day!
Just too bad he didn't keep his $AAPL stock instead RT Steve Wozniak says he'll buy Facebook stock regardless of the price
Thanks for a great season! your all thr best! God Bless! #AFCWestChamps #BroncosCountry!
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." - John Quincy Adams
Sitting here this morning just trying to wrap my head around the fact that it is April second, 2012…
How many states are embarrassed to be part of this same country as North Carolina tonight?
better off man trane your UFC for next few months lol. Your tap out game might be a bit rusty ...
sorry... I thought I already was following. Fixed now. :-)
saw that - very tempting!
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Muriel Strode
lmaoooo!!! He TRIED that!
yea sounds good to me. you wanna go?
I need Starbucks #now #please?
Well I guess I'll have to go then. Where is it?
I go out of my way to swerve at geese in a parking lot.. Just because their so mean
S/O to Law&Order for playing rape episodes on Mothers Day...Da fuck?
Studio flow
purging my google reader of unread feeds.
Payton special class 101 Lmao found it in his back pack
Here is the test to find whether your mission on earth is finished. If you're alive, it isn't. ~Richard Bach
stop being RACIST!
I'm coming down with the rockin' pneumonia.
": Boys:Ask for pictures with no clothes. Men:Ask for pictures with no make up."
And congrats to Janice Price, CEO of Toronto's Luminato Festival, who has introduced magic to the last two festivals.This lady is with it.
Ever met a woman named David? I did :P
How Did She Die? :(
Ladies in Denver, watch out for Kobe tonight if the Lakers lose
like its snowing?
phone screen keeps getting worse ..
Lots of talk. I'm not sure how I feel about that
ok, sign me up for that one too.
how happy are you?
Heading out to the resort(: Im so excited...XD XD luckily there is Wifi!!!
I love you...
yeah thats the reason
NIce! It's only a matter of time before the money starts rolling in.
my team is about to win the national championship. Your team just left mcdonalds.
yay! Ok thanks so much!
I'm hanging in there. Of course I know lol. I wouldn't miss it for all of Middle Earth
The bleeding frogs
Mega Millions jackpot for Friday night's drawing climbed even higher – to a world record $540 million.
chris rock used to rap lol
I got what u feen for
Thank you! :
she know we right lmao
know someone fighting cancer! #PrayForAlexRiegle he's a high school freshman fighting cancer!
I am going to start writing stand up comedy monologues, just shit from my life.
#EDULive - EDUCAUSE Live - Great session on the 2012 Horizon Report - mobile and tablets are important. 67 commercial tablets available!
worried about a ticket, use our click to call feature on our hompage and get a free consulation with a Miami Traffic Attorney
Woke up phone 3%
I know I am so excited! Hopefully he comes to Cleveland because my mom refuses to take me anywhere but, since I'm going to
I think I needa go to the pool today. It's too nice.
First class of a series with The Bold and the Beautiful Casting Director Christy Dooley tonight at TVI Actors Studio. I love learning :-D
so sweet haha
geometry homework then getting ready for the band banquet!
Animal Collective - Gotham
I asked for rain and thunderstorms and here it is
Yes we will! Booth 505. Hope to see you there!
Anyone playing #animalcrossing today?
WTF Ozzie? Killing me! “: Ravens Fans---> RT : Baltimore trades pick, Minnesota now on the clock.”
Would you go grey if you could transition and get low lights that day? You'd be brown and grey or salt and pepper, just natural looking.
Check out The Bearded Gentleman: The Style Guide to Shaving Face! Rolling into stores now!
#Random, but do other people also enjoy snapping their toes? I've rediscovered this
writing a press release for next weeks artist panels and getting ready for artomatic this evening
I have 6 tattoos.
New tattoo in week. So stoked to have Robot Tattoo and Piercing in NW doin the art work Shana is awesome.
Spending the day outside!!! :)
Watching Dream House =D
Surprised to find--via Words with Friends--that there is no word "sud," as in "soap sud." Yes, the OED has it, but not good enough.
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." ~Henry David Thoreau
Running Tip: Do not increase your mileage more than 10 percent per week. This will help prevent injury.
On 1/24 Tom Shaw Trio accompanies Matthew Martin at San Francisco's Rrazz Room!
trouble...please the only trouble I get into is the trouble I cause.....ha better be careful:-)
Great hike today! :)
"You know guys I actually kinda like it when a girl is kinda flat chested" - said by no man ever
Loyalty over Royalty
1144 remaining....FINS and bruins are TIED at 42!!! LETS GO FINS!!!
his name was Ishi, and he was kept by an anthropologist named Alfred Krueber. There is a good doc called Ishi the Last Yahi.
I think discernment is necessary to exude biblical manhood
CHELSEA!!! What a game. That should be required watching.
Hey Sharon, thanks for the follow!
In spite of a decade's worth of bad games, I'm still excited about Sonic Generations. What has anybody heard about it?
I'm going to name my child "Dick" that way he can go by "Richard" if he wants to.
#Hawks will get the last shot here, down 2 with 9 sec. left. Holy Toledo.
#IWishYouKnew how hard it was for me to deal with a lot of racism when i was in grade school
RT : Be careful posting on social media! Too much info will result in violating patient privacy. Read the white paper......
TEXT-S&P summary: St. James's Place U.K. PLC
RT - Did u know? Camden Yards opened 4/6/92. #Orioles vs the Cleveland Indians. Our game on 7/15 will be against the Ind...
haha no big deal!! I'm extra tired today though
I had only two hours of sleep an I still feel like a GOD⚡
#detroitbiz 2nd stage panel Mark Davis. Every biz owner has access to $5 million under SBA programs! Time to talk with
i declare I need to call u! Lol!!
“: I was just thinking that RT Milwaukee rappers <” fucking losers.
I'll do better I promise. I have four jobs
Definition of face to face inaction requiring the ability to smell the other person. Love it.
I understand not showing on Super Bowl Sunday BUT waiting til the 19th! We need daily twits. Will is hella sexy w that bat!
Hodgdson's West Brom had scored the least amount of goals at home of all clubs this season. Great choice FA ;-)
People with iPhones should pay higher car insurance
Pirates play the Nationals again (7:05, televised on ROOT) after yesterday's 5-4 win.
REAL TALK @ IAMHEALTHYHAIR
Good Morning Everyone! It is definitely a Chick-fil-A Day. Start if off with Fresh Lemonade and your Favorite Breakfast Meal! :)
Thanks! (although the blog is on--maybe--permanent break)
Life is what happens to you while you are planning to do something else
Very true.
Someone needs to do something about the 6-hour food desert I'm about to cross driving from Erie to DC.
#PIFF (Pay It Forward Friday) :-) T : So welcome, paying it forward;)
Now going to listen to the other song :P
lol, counting the days till I see you too!
Heck yes! Can't wait!
Our pleasure. Always great to connect with fellow #SM enthusiasts!
With production company acquisitions, YouTube Live, and now YouTube movie rentals, Google's assault on the living room could be shaping up.
Welcome to aw-shucks day. This day needs to be observed every year .
I have figured out how to post news items to 's microsite. Success!
Ugh. yes I am still installing sony drivers. Support for Win 7 blows. UAC still off.
hilarious! “: The thing about the harmonic series is I'm a terrible violinist. -Austin”
Joe Lamb! And Cary- but all I guess too! They're all so funny!
When he grew out his beard.
Thank you for the RT's. Abrazos!
Played the $20k PokerStars freeroll, it's a good show if you haven't watched it yet. Beat 25,000 players, problem was another 5,000 left
The website keeps getting better and better! Cant wait! See you tomorrow.
cause I'm a HUGE fan and I will always love and support you guys through think 'n thin #IWantItThatWay ♥
I hope Joe replys. *Crossing my fingers*
And don't nobody else see this creepiness
why do you want to be known as that type of person? when we were little, we had the best times.&i never thought you would turn out like this
Geoengineering, Regional GHG Initiative, training of TV meteorologists features of 5/5 yaleclimatemediaforum.org update. Check it out.
Thank you so much, Connie! Sounds like you are doing some great work yourself by providing support for parents! Keep it up!
Physical copies of "Until black october ends" will be shipped soon. Ep will be available for download online soon!
RT : Wait, that's how music is made now? A guy pushing buttons on a machine? I want to try.
#sales tips/techiques don't work. gee...i wonder why???? blow all your $$ on bullishit tips.... they don't work. follow me.
God morning :)
I admire a girl with swag and class
No never try to paint an abstract interpretation of your love for me.
I agree but did you think the same way when you when you didn't have what you have now? Not so easy but a MUST.
Thankful for my second lens.
Wow, when I leave time to iron in the morning, it significantly expands my clothing options.:)
starts at 4 pm at hilbert circle theater but need a ticket. Free tix for those who previously registered
Drayton Florence signed with the Broncos. Good fit. Best of luck to him.
thank you
Seriously, you have to define "nothing too huge." That is far too cryptic.
everytime i come out its movie in the making
Uhm. I just looked down and Siri was calling people.
70% sold out and it's not even February yet!!! www.cultuschichi.us
I know, its so true though!! (x lol
Movie recommendation is Sharon Stone in "Casino"
hot moms compete now for tickets to the 1067 KISSFM VitaminWater 10Fest on-air call us now...585-222-KISS(5477)
crying from #turntoyou it brings up so many memories and I can relate to everything. thank you so much I am so inspired
Middle seat from #phx to #clt. Not the ideal way to fly.
Need a shuttle so you don't have to walk in the rain? Great idea! game & shows downtown...we'll take you!
ha i got 2 bitches on deck and they both look the same as my other bitch ha...
Nope. I think I'll try to clean it out and see what to do from there.
we tha best!!!
Hard celebrating the new year knowing that all our New Years party hats and supplies weren't even made in the U.S.
Thanks for the follow
Your favortite player Marvin Williams balling tho
when you want to talk, and that one person may not still be there for you </3
If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough. – Mario Andretti
Happy Birthday !
my last retweet just made my day.
Always do what you're AFRAID TO DO!!!!!! ;-)
Listening to Ryan Adams' "Easy Tiger". Such a great album!!!
I better get a call when you get here...
Music always calms me down...that's how I know we are meant to be.
your okay you'll be fine
Ah it's almost time to hit the gym.. Um 5 more minutes of sleepy time z
What does it mean to be #Open? Do we need common standards for what #opengov entails?
...count on your INSIGHT and ADAPTABILITY to navigate obstacles and uncertainty!!! ;-)
I'm feeling a little guilty since I've never actually been to see The Nutcracker. But this year I just cant get into the holiday spirit.
Budweiser commercial definitely set in Wisconsin. Nobody else gets that excited for beer.
Lincoln Kaleigh Schrock better stay on the Komets if they move to the ECHL. Because, uh, his name.
This too shall pass, If you think not. Ask Tracy Lords. Porn star at sixteen-16. Don't worry, be happy!
I know, right?! Plus, the cameras were rolling--so I may be able to see it on TAPE, and play it ANYTIME I am feeling blue. HA!
IM a Known Artist In Kansas City Bruh We Should Do Some WORK together
Mention you're a fan on Facebook in November for 50% off Tile and Grout Cleaning!
We are too! RT : Tomorrow 4/23 we're at in Portland! Love that place...who's in?
Once again, Northwetern's porous defense does them in
I shall gobble my lunch sandwich in the continental park bench manner.
California owning the afc north this week.
Looks comfy
RT : #ff want to go places? Follow
You love it?? So soft, right?
we need more live tweets and the head of the union feels he is inadequately compensated ...
Trying desperately to keep a sane mind as people in general are really getting on my nerves!! Thus the reason I stay to myself........
Gym o gym how it pains me to go to u. Donuts and couch sound better.
Thank you so much! We have a song called "Sedona" on our EP so we probably should make an AZ trip soon!
Christmas lights still shining brightly - expressandstar.com expressandstar.com Christmas lights still shining brightly expressandstar.com
How is everyone doing?
Good luck. Keeping fingers crossed on your offer.
Thanks for the RT and thank you for all you do for our community!
The TAASK is looking forward to a new year of new music!
nice meeting you tonight man. Hope we can get some work done together soon. Great set too BTW.
Fat Kush & i didnt even make it home yet haha
Well there is that :) Nice work 'mate'... Keep it up for #ProChallenge. RT : Boulders own... Yet from Australia!
Time matters for savings. Save $5000 at age 21 rather than age 26, and by 65, you'll have $28,000 more (assumes average 7% annual return).
paranormal activity wasnt that bad! I really thought i was going to be freaking out! its friday wooohooo!!!!
Did you catch our founder on BET tonight???
well I started shooting out my resume up north & wound up connecting w/ my now supervisor almost immediately! #fate?!
sometimes i wish i had the courage to just say hi
Never mistake kindness for weakness! Great leaders know how to disagree in a respectful manner. -Price Carney
Thanks Andy. Let me know if you ever need anything.
I'm coming to pick you guys up in the ferrari!
shout out bobby fresh! g!! lol im tuned in
Can't wait to see what you have to say tmw at #fosterly! I work in #dctech PR. Would love to meet up & pick your brain :)
nice blog post!
I keep thinking of Joel...
you made baklava without me?! Shame on you and a curse on the house of Sharon and Arielle!
The amount of people asking for a place to crash at coachella is the funniest irony because I am homeless in LA lol
Whats your email.
make money money make money money money
loved the previews excited to read more.
LOL I bet you had many dirty thoughts.
lol! That just happened and door almost closed on a girl!
Man everything in Kobe's life sucks right now..
I really don't want to get up from my bed, but got to go to skool to take a test.
#IfYouThinkAboutIt, it's probably no more or less so than
If you were in a collision, most likely your insurance rate will be impacted as a result.
Very excited about the integrated sleep timer; thank you!
Seeing quiet trend: v. educated parents- incl. univ. faculty- w/ a "no loans/debt" policy for their own kids' education. Implications: big.
#stm2012 in press papers, online first, grey lit, & papers published prior to 1990 are hard to find online.
its worth a try isnt it? :) THE ICONIC BOYZ ARE AMAZING :)
I love the new Twitter layout.
For consumer products its typical to run out of the "allowed daily budget" earlier during the day on the weekend. Create a weekend campaign.
Whoa that's cool
hey buddy! You know there's no harm in warming up :)
I need to go to the hospital...I have an ingrown toenail...should I call an ambulance?
Sunny in Orlando today! Excited to get to work!
I was so looking forward to Carnittas, dummy me I forgot to turn on the slow cooker. Bummed, pasta it is.
is it safe to say the more $$ the athletic dept makes off the jerseys, the better the UO S-A experience?
All the legends are dying on us. So sad.
Our calendar is PACKED already for December. Should have knocked your charity event out in Nov like we did ;)
Signing Christmas books at Rock River Gallery in Jefferson. Skip the outlet mall and stop here instead.
How about like next Wednesday?
Yeah the show !! Aint been to the shore in real life, but I will soon...
I don't use photoshop that much, but when I do, It still crashes for me like I'm a pro! Thanks Adobe!
Steve Bisheff...long-time newspaper columnist and author of the book, John Wood: An American Treasure, joins The Score at 8:45 on AM1510!
Fuck me. I hate texting so much. So many misinterpretations. Just leads to more fighting.
I like to pretend I'm snorkeling. But in wine. By the way, 07 Saralee's reminds me a lot of the awesome 02 right now.
Camping? Did you have good weather?
always liked #Podsednik...could he fit in Baltimore for the
why are you in Kendall?
no. she gave me a number to call her at, but i don't wanna call her (x
Will someone give me a ride to fosters? I have $ :)
One more #pet lover makes #100. Who wants to be a milestone?
Not her fault, but it could have been horrible for it, if I'd made it so.
The antichrist is either Bieber or Fred. That is all.
Insomnia, I really really really really really loathe you right now. I have a final tomorrow, really?!???
Honestly, I am a little disappointed with "Gotham City Imposters".
Life's too short. You should start collecting your cats now.
#PIZZA, is such a weird word. perhaps the only thing weirder is that people eat it as if it provides #sustenance (1 of my favorite words)
Find a virtual community. Thats why we are here.
Last week of the Oits cookies--Try the pink cookie today!--Located GRIND, Library GRIND, EMS GRIND, and Sandburg GRIND :D
We are a place to release your stress and completely focus on you; your body, your mind, your spirit.
RT : #HCM2012 Talent acquisition *must* include #socmed elements to drive, monitor & protect employer brand.
UH YUCK! : S/O 2 these cousins dating cousins"
Come to Mayne Stage, one of Chicago's best venues on Sunday, dec 11 2 pm for christmas concert featuring some wonderful singers!!
Tune in to tonight at 9PM EST as we discuss our
Sound very good for your purposes, and "easy" for skilled programmers does not translate to easy for most folks, but I'll try D7.
I actually kinda, sort of, almost, do like AUNDREA for Saruh .-.
Posted up at the Factory of Cheesecakes. Holla.
RT : Trade your expectations for appreciation and your whole world changes in an instant!
Every generation witnesses atrocities. People in power try to fulfill prophecy
It means he's gonna have to try out instead of us.
Frank Jr is going to his 8th grade finale tonight, lol, I remember going to mine...horrible night.
yes. I think it happened during lunch when we were concentrating on stuffing our faces and not paying attention to the time.
Who shot you in the ass?.
Cool dude!
There are no firm deadlines at the moment. I'll have to get back to you on that!
All I have been doing is cleaning, thank god I just got done.
I'll call an ambulance next time. Consider my expectations adjusted, as well as my understanding of my place in things.
Thanks for following. Go SU!
Crap odds tho bro, don't make much difference!! I've gone Bayern, West Ham & Hearts! 1 of us will not be happy! U gone in 90mins?
Made it home by 3, I feel accomplished
bring that other half-pound over here, baby. i can help you with that. ;)
i haven't cried this week and i was thinking things were getting better finally. but no. things just go 10x worse.
For every tweet #AustinWeLoveYou i get 1$ for the cancerfund to help my grandpa and others with this desease
pick an evening next week then.
true! RT : I find it hard to argue against explicit direct instruction of grammar, then embed it in expectations
follow our members and !
Bros baseball game then nanas house for the weekend hopefully my plans go the way they should and don't get bailed on
MT : releases proposed FY2013 budget restoring library/rec center hours + more firefighters & police.
banging your boyfriend under the bleachers! Lmfao
I swear, I could devise a drinking game around spotting Barney Frank and or Bernie Sanders in political documentaries.
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!
About to live tweet a Specialty with
I keep thinkin i'll wake up and this nightmare will be over. But its not. Not yet at least. really puts life into perspective. makes me ...
I move away and my yearbook budd forgets bout me:''( sad sad
The Sky is not the limit, it's just a view! ☁☁☁
No I didn't go to Joes but I'm going to Rolands this afternoon @ 2. Are you back in town?
why are you just defining my life tonight....
SWEET! today is a high of 70°F - We are loving this #Albuquerque weather! Ride on friends!
I'd recommend checking out the email notifications for dataset updates, or the RSS feeds. /cc
how was your Bungie day? Final Game Project took over mine :(!
Only a few spots left in the wine workshop (TOMORROW!). Sign up today at
19 more programming arcs to go!
Happy Birthday Sarah! Have a great day!
“: #OneThingIDontLike DRY PUSSY”🙏🙌🙌🙏AMEN❕❕
Just started Rin Tin Tin. I'm "around your age" & have similar memories of this legend. Loving your book. Thx for writing it!
That too!
We got new driver tonight... Um let's just say I think my husband needs to up my life insurance policy lol
Damn, that thunder was hella loud
D3 extends good luck wishes to Y.C., J.F. & N.V. this week. Also, D3 offering best wishes to M.M. & C.M.!
If yo tweet, " I just won the Mega Millions." Do me a fav and hit the location button
Drinking doesn't make me post better Twitter status updates; it just makes me not care what you think of them...
3 different guys at the park.
the reevolushun will be televised ...... -Curren$y -
Very indecisive about which vintage image to feature on my annual disturbing Xmas card to friends and loved ones. (Krampus was last years)
R.I.P. To the Queen of RnB/Pop Music. Rest in Peace Whitney Houston, Gone but Never Forgotten.
Happy Election Day, Wisconsin!
Goodnight, don't let the bed bugs bite
Ironically, your tweet talks about what "you" want. :)
Hate new phones ... have to find out how to use it !!!
I want my long real hair back :-(
How was the show?
Sorry that was so late.
Been=even
no kidding-__-
Maybe, but i will make effort to achieve that.
After being away for a yr finally made it to and I'm digging the industrial light fixtures & furniture
:D thank youu! this person stole my ipod and im hoping they are seeing the notifications.
Welcome to #21CRadio tweet chat! Tonight we're discussing music news. Introduce yourself and use the hashtag to join the chat!
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
Thank you everyone for your condolences on the loss of Robin's friend and cat, it's a very sad part of life
Who's Jimmy Carter?
if you get a chance...tell the wig people what amazing job they've been doing.
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book !
i hate when then tease us at the end of episodes - especially on season finales
Let's see some more tweets!
HAHA "Failed" Bankers with bonuses. That was a God one guys. Not even mad at ya. Kinda like havin' your Grandma dine n' dash on you. Uh
Indeed. And the new location is basically a restaurant. Expect only more of this.
Excited to see tonight! Slows To Go and Old Miami first. Perfect #Detroit evening.
": #MyFavoriteRapperRightNow "------Wow what a compliment!! I preciate that Mercedes.
"The East coast aint got no love for Snoop Dogg...? aight then..."
Great pictures! Thank you for sharing. We will share with our staff. Everyone should feel great about this!
please follow me <33333
just got invited to Columbia University's Junior-Day June 16th !!
do you think Anthony Bennett ends up at UK??
Got first place on the Tuesday Tough Criterium! Team OSP Juniors took all spots on the podium!
HAPPY FEET!
With the 1st pick the Colts Select Andrew Luck
Best time for me Thursday afternoons 3:30 or later, Eastern time.
Knicks need to pull some magic of of their ass!!!
#NJDevils & Washington - Sudden Death 2X's
Don't get my hopes up, Nate.
Today has been such a good day. #HBD ;)
And the Angels win! ⚾
ouch Heather no need to get personal lol
Finally got Internet in my phone again! :-D yay!.
not sure yet but magic 8 ball says it's likely. Can only do gin & tonics if it's warm.
NEW DELHI IS OPENS TODAY AT 11:30 AM
I've just been filmed for an HBO documentary...life is sureal sometimes..bring it on!
Be magical! :)
reach 4 it . . . or b a bitch & dont get
Coachella is So Dope
Some ppl take their jobs way too seriously. It's not my fault you work at sears. If you don't like working here fucking do sumthin about it
Mini van with rims. Really? -.-
Good. Fear is an excellent incentive.
Why do I always misjudge the weather? Me and this guy with this North Face on are looking silly in this DC heat
Everything comes in one place
watching mickey mouse clubhouse :) i dred being up so early for this confirmation retreat. sigh.
haha you know I love you
What? Kiss on the cheek for me, will you? :)
Dear Lions, Our inactives are better than your inactives. So there.
Making some plans...
Dam Derrick rose tore his acl smh
Everyone have their dialing fingers ready? I'll post the number at 9:55 pm EST when voting begins!!! for the win!!!!
AQUS looks like its going to run here folks...
Keep throwing at the Swedish meatball. He can't stop them all.
I agree, annoying characters have to be funny in order to hold my attention.
You would play with it? What?
got seat assignment moved AND 2 free drink tickets! Nice!
Gorgeous! Congrats!
"I'll take THAT with cheese."
RT The UK and US have roughly the same high tax rates ... But the UK gets the NHS thrown in.
Headed home on Wensday~am I ready? Nope...but I gotta go-I needed a good quiet mini vaca ;) Ah~
3 different people, 3 separate occasions. I'd hate to think I look like a mom...
Trina you Rock!! Thanks for getting me on board! Updates from SXSW coming to you!
I love your story! <3
goodnight happy new years eve i still need girlfeinds for thomas and louis in my story send me a message if you want to be in it.
Listening to Hawthorne Heights made me think of & our awesome weekend.. Shall we have more debauchery this weekend good sir?
WHERE IS THE REAL #TEAMFOLLOWBACK DAT DONT UNFOLLOW U ONCE U FOLLOWED THEM
Hey!!! SNOW!! Just in time for our first Christmas today!
yeah i kknow right!!
Love a #nude special getaway 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
thanks for the listing
ill bring the hat. but only if you wear it for all of lunch
Fantasy Baseball is the greatest modern invention.
RT RT It's now official everybody. Baseball is back. pitchers and catchers have arrived. Life is good again.
heard anything back about Ian and the contest?? The pic was soo cute!
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one. - Dolly Parton
you better hurry
do you know if the Young Heirlooms have a twitter account?
If Lakers will lose I'm gonna be able to kill somebody
I tried once. I don't know what Kim's made of. I couldn't hack through. It was like hitting a cow with a flip flop.
2 damn shots off for tieing 3s & neither goes! Nuggets: your still losing the series. Thanks for allowing World Peace back 4 game 1.
Beautiful sunrise on Tybee Island! Now... off to bed.
Getting ready to go to FedEx Field with my daughters to see DC United play Real Madrid
Let your faith work for you...
Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much>>>
I will tomorrow ;)
Live Streaming Event Nov27th, 10000ppl need exposure email us now follow usv on twitter
I replay that night in my head quite often.
Happy 1st mommi day to me:-)
I am coming to see you next week ! It's been too long!
I've tried for you to follow me since you were on YouTube.. You still haven't noticed me and I'm just 1 in 20 mil now..
It would be nice if people would let things go but it rarely happens for my taste.
Magical movies don't magically happen.
Don't give up !! As long as your with 's team you're in good hands!!
Huh? haha If Taylor Lautner goes ?
RT : RT : European Union report - Multilingualism: An Asset for Europe and a Shared Commitment...
I love how you lied to me and supposedly I am your friend? Haha okay.
Oh and now I'm watching the season finale of Criminal Minds. Why are all of my shows ending?!
Just replenished epic cookies at ... there are samples too while they last!
Today, everywhere I go, I make a point to appreciate those I interact with - no matter how large or small the gesture.
Winners will be announced on Sunday, January 15th.
I've always wanted to know how to deep fry ice-cream..
Does anyone here play MLB's Beat The Streak? If so, what is your streak up to and who is your choice for today?
How about (French/Jewish food), Deborah Madison (veggie), (fish, terroir) & (dessert)?
seling out to gain fans is not an option.
Craving some burritos c:<3
doing laundry makes one feel so accomplished
check ya dm
met the coolest fucking german people every... Love the people i meet! life is random and precious
well, take these notes & make an amazing paper. turn it into something positive. getting a bad grade doesn't make you an imbecile.
Tonight's supper: Salmon with ras el hanout, figs and fried shallots and tiny fresh carrots. What's your wine choice?
Standing ovation
Story of my life LOL RT What a nice day today to be productive;)
Vanessa just left us hangin' ... Lol
Hey Hads! Hope your back is feeling better.
Watchin think like a man & eating ice cream
GoOd MeRnIn TwItTeR iM uP vErY eArLy IdK y BuT i KeEp TrYiN tA gO bAcK tO sLeEp BuT i CaNt..!!! uuuggghhh :/
Carl actually could have been a great character if they got someone who could actually act.
#Nw sweet home alabama
What did you order?RT Amazon: Delivery Estimate: Thursday March 15, 2012 - Monday March 26, 2012 *Not yet shipped* COME ON!!!!!!!
Day 5 of "30 Math Mentor Texts in 30 Days!" G is for Googol: A Math Alphabet Book by David Schwartz; Illus by Marissa Moss -Basic concepts
M oreos ;)
I've been meaning to ask...exactly what were you talking about here???
Since Carmelo signed with the Knicks, it seems New York is on national TV every other day
Omg!!! I've been trying to write a cover letter for 4 hours!!! I am so not equipped for this...gimme 12+ hrs on set any day over this!
Never live in the past but always learn from it. Anonymous
Shit. I left my Kindle on the plane. FFS.
We used to be friends but i know now that your not really my friends!
Got tipped $50 today,
You guys are great
ok u still have my number
The crazy thing is i got a brand new iphone s yesterday and broke it the same day.
Get your Same Day Poster Printing at NYC Printing 123 today! Fastest High Quality Poster Printing
Problem is, it's not necessary to have a sport mgmt degree to work in sports, I'm not sure it even gives an advantage really.
going to go watch the seahawks kick butt
The model world tells me the only way to get famous is thru twitter.. I don't believe it but as a 20 yr old gotta keep with the times right?
I'm quite scared, actually. I hope he forgets all those times my sister and I teased him o.o
y?????? She cheated on him and u r still on her side 2 Iam on justins ;)
Need Help! Working on a book list for a Tech/IP/Law/info policy reading group. What would you recommend?
Verizon Customers Suffer Third Outage in December [VIDEO]
Do Dems have a reason?? I haven't seen one on my ballot.
itz finally here
have a cold too! Know what u mean!
you sound like you have road rages
oh we are so badass it's not even funny watch us do 360 ball up without a base :)
I tweet way too much for having a massive amount of homework. I'm done caring ahaha
im going to punch my fucking dog in the face if he doesn't shut up & sleep, its too fucking hot to close my door omg shut the fuck up
I know this is quite the delay....but why is the Daytona 500 on a Monday?
Cooking some pork in a jar. Pictures to follow soon.
Could Katy Perry be any more amazing?!?! I don't think so
Our library is officially tweeting now
delish. and a fresh pound for my espresso machine. had a nice little round of peek-a-boo with your little girl while waiting.
hey everyone follow bc her shoes gorgeous! and for great fashion advice and the latest style updates!
Happy Father's Day to all the Yankee Dads out there! Nothing but best wishes from everyone here at Chasing800!
yeah, it was yesterday at 11:05. sorry to hear about the bottom feeding hackery. yeah, should be fine now.
guess I'm nobody :(
Thank you ! The #site should be self-explanatory, but #tweet us if you have questions!
- HA! I have class with that guy!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 32
The wind and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators. ~ Edward Gibbon
damn havent been on myspace in for ever
Watching 28days later... This movie still freaks me out.. But I cant help but to watch it bc of how crazy it is
My pick of Bo Van Pelt was dumb, but Peter Hanson's leading so who knows anything, and now it's gotta be Phil, right?
$4 All Absolut Cocktails, $15 Btl/Wine & BOGO Apps Not valid on days when Cubs are Playing at Home All Day
LOL :) RT : As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in public schools.
Oops, forgot the medium...let's go to DM.
I tried to says thanks through several channels. Hope at least one got to you.
After tomorrow ill have put in damn near 60 hrs this week and im already tired AF. Not looking forward to it
Very much appreciate the Retweets!
I figured out why I don't like Jersey Shore: they're too preppy for me.
Excited to be heading over to to watch brewmasters and librarians compete for our corporate spelling bee team!
I HATE PARENTS! I NEVER EVER WANT TO BE ONE!
...for the neighborhoods and residents our candidates claim to have.
Anybody else watching Minute to Win It? These kids are fearless!! AWESOME!!
I thought that #ff was pretty funny myself! I only tease the ones I love! Am I going to see you soon?
Chucks Last Call has me legit laughing lol..
Thanks Kathy.
The Mandi Express has left the terminal. Headed home from for spring break R&R.
due to our history, I want nothing to do with a draft pick lol. Either or would be great. What u think about basic game?
f them
Why work why??
Come see us and our friends Hookshot at the Stir Lounge in Harrah's Casino Friday at 9!!!
(At the Food & the City symposium at Dumbarton Oaks)
No he stole my crayon box.
u wanna beat everyone on twitter. Lol
Hi there folks. Taking a much needed break from life in the mountains. 3-day R&R in Jacmel.
Getting the camera ready for another shoot at today. The award-winning sushi and cocktails are ready for their close-up!
great pic! Any kisses at midnight?
What was your favorite episode of ER?
These lights are really starting to aggravate me. But not as much as the tourists just standing there mesmerized by them.
heck yeah A.Hamilton is a beast and do is the band... U def would love the live show
They're just jealous.
Just added to the #WFX expo floor LIVE Design Group
Cutting my foot open on glass, but still marching the whole practice. What can I say? #immatrooper ;p
#TheFeelingYouGetWhen your texting a girl you really like..
I'll let you know when the #miracle happens.
did you wake the kid up again!?..lol
who reads books?
haha ya i love washington:) whats argentina like?
#mudmelt rumors that water of Lake Vostok have been reached. Could be amazing...
Apparently someone said this before I did, back to the drawing board... ": "Common sense is not so common." - Voltaire”
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 12
I should rep Yoga Pants more often.
Cleaned my side of the room today. Man did I have a paper mess!
Overhead, without any fuss, the stars were going out.
me: obvi fat red-haired biotch: *mocks* I hate that art class.
I have the greatest news I think.you will ever here!
im going in
"Unlike fossil fuels etc, Sun #energy is free; it can be used without risking the birthright of our children. Sun is inexhaustible."
Gotta twitter account for no reason !
What do they think it's about?!
I am really enjoying Freelance Whales today. Just that kind of day/weather.
Ohh, they do. I have the jar at home to prove it man, definitely not as slimy.
PLL I #feelbadforjena YOU DNT SLAP A BLIND GIRL.
See you tonight for Geisha with & !!!
Thanks! Back at ya!
Macrocephaly Autism? That's a new one for me. Genetic testing on my 3 yr old & 15 yr old twins may show a common link for
Thanks to for all their support in getting our class off the ground. Looking forward to these shows & many more to come.
Did you know... staying in shape can help fight off periodontal disease?
already counting down. 29 days. #JosiahLeming &
What's up , world ?
SHOW SOME FLYER LOVE RT THIS!!!!
"i know i'm not the only bastard"
Man, could they make the application process to grad school a little more tedious/confusing. I don't think I'm irritated enough yet...
RT : Can somebody please tell me how the guy who's bouncing $500 checks is still in the race?
"Let's talk about how many women you've been with." "You mean sexually?" "No. Break dance fighting."
#Brilliant promoted by att :)
GUYS i'm pretty pissed off. trying to get tickets to the concert-everytime i try it says no tickets found. :'(
“Acting is not being emotional, but being able to express emotion.” Kate Reid
RT MT OH: Full-pay students/fams are a vanishing species. For many #colleges, an extinct species.
Sometimes when I listen to #Skrillex I am afraid my face might melt off...
#raw10 What looks like the small letter- t? an Anorexic Model with a cornflake stuck in Her neck!
S/O to all my followers I love u all and keep god first enjoy life and what's left of it make it better no matter da situation
RT : #Shotout to they have fine of the best #funding programs out here !
wanted 2 let U no th@ afternoons arent th same w/ U & Holly miss U guys a lot sendin prayers ur way blessings 2 U both :)
I'm a Breakfast cook as soon as Eli naps. yea buddy
me either
And would you follow me back? :)
It's a winter wonderland.
last time i checked, there was no time limit for cleanin the danm kitchen
Coco Austin – Everybody Loves Coco! - AMOG
Haha...that is too funny! RT I find it funny that everyone tweetin #agoodboyfiend or #agoodgirlfriend is SINGLE .
lol..sorry girl
getting cozy with some functional specs & test cases
1 Dont start yammering incoherently on any plane w/industry folk on board (especially from nyc area) 2 Some1 always has free beer.
Ha! No doubt. Looks like a great day. I'll be listening from work.
Raelly?? RT : “Twitter has cured my Facebook addiction.”
As long as mixed grills and combination salads are popular, anthologies will undoubtedly continue in favor.
country music sucks. Omg.
You go LeBron, give that death stare after hitting a shot up 19. #GoLakers?
Marketing buzz words like "game changing" make me wanna buy stuff...in 2010.
Judge Payne, IN "We had to build our own system, opted out of SACWIS because we wanted to build it differently."
ABSOLUTELY I can tell from the TYPE of ABs they are getting Near worst in swinging at pitches out of the zone & % of contact
Important text update; "Party Girl is the only movie the dude who played the hot falafel guy was ever in." -
Too sweet :D Hope to see you soon!
RT : Tip5: Create interesting Boards that appeal to Brides/Grooms – create collections based on color, style, topics
Were my bbw wit big boobs at and thick wats good
I’m so happy to see so many people that joined the Revolution! GCP “emotobooks” rock. They’re a new group, but growing. Awesome!
then go
If you think #dabulls are better off without #drose you are a dumbass.
I am about to fall asleep.
Got to see "Crimes Of The Heart" yesterday afternoon! Wow! The cast has so much energy, I loved the performance!
As long as the Big East can keep itself together it is still a great move. Not so much if it disintegrates.
Think orange! Getting so close! Find the orange street team between 4-7pm to claim you gift card
hey man no problem. Your welcome :)
hahaha. Saba? My only other guess. Unless it was you... ;)
Tomorrow's 80 degree forecast is putting some really unnecessary pressure on happy hour and outfit planning
It's beautiful when two strangers become best friends, it's terribly depressing when two best friends become strangers.
I just want you and all that you are and everything you ever will be.. That's it<3
the exact reason why you should have signed up for the cheap tickets for sundays game.... :)
your story is amazing I read every single chapter in like 2 hours and I want more!!!
. gives shout out to Richard Cordray his recess appt to Wall St Reform #FTW!
And now Roger will be jealous.
WE NEED CLEMENCY FOR MY BIG HOMIE TODD WESTINGER CONVICTED KILLA SCHEDULED TO BE EXECUTED 4/9/12 @ ANGOLA STATE PENETENTIARY! TEMP INSANITY
got a 70 :) and I failed that test. Ik how she thinks. Lol
Right, I can see that. // Sorry, but I have to go--this was a great talk, thanks! :)
haha totally true!
I'm insecure, I know what for.
You nailed it RT : RT Oh good... that was the intention..==>So family friendly. Reminds me of some friends
Justin bieber is flawless!!
Q1: Total loss of energy. No motivation to get anything done, etc.
Yeah, it doesn't really "get better."
Well done, UNC!
best tag team out thier
tis' the season to be Jolly!!! FALALALALA
Garden crowd, amped to the max, chants "MVP" as Pierce heads to free throw line.
got new dream out loud stuff, i love it omg
That's awesome! I guess you're going to tell me you're a Pisces too? lol. Drogba is so fun to watch...
#OJR events are over, but keep the conversations going. So proud of everyone that was a part of !
Someone text me , I need new directioner & ICONiac friends :-)
Loved diablo 2 Can't wait for 3 this month:-)
The officer elections are at 5:30 this evening in OM320. See you there Bobcats!
Theatre facts trivia! What is the name of the structure that frames the stage opening?
hey man of god! How r u? Things r good here. How have u been? All is well I hope. Love you man and try not 2 freeze! Lol
sure do mama
QT2: no one knows his middle name!!! Ash always tells us his name is.... Ashley ______ Purdy (5pt)
BIG NEWS: By popular request: Our Westside store in Montano Plaza is now open on Sunday from 11-4. Cupcakes fon Sunday-how great is that?
Hahaha, that happened to me yesterday.
No Q&A? I was wondering: Does Lee see Yazoo sale as malevolent primarily because it was a pretext for the court battles?
The throwbacks? Meh. How is Bella the cat?
:( what subject?
lol who's my boyfriend
THANK YOU MATT!
he died oh im so sorry for him
i cannot believe is 16. it's just now hitting me how much he's grown! Happy Birthday Austin! Mahomies Gonna Love♥ Always
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. Lao Tzu
um no that's a negative not while my face is swollen
RT : "We have been rocking our shirt today!” We LOVE that!! :-)
loving this tweet that's why women hold the key to lots of things👍
Backstabbing your best friend.
Whenever u r in Atlanta visit Diamonds & Pearls Couture
Creative! If you check our my FB profile you can see my creative ad - photostrip on.fb.me/hVoYrX
WELCOME TO HEAVEN LADY!!!
nope doctor then work night
omg omg u follow me ..!!! Omg thank u so much
1 more midnight. 2 afternoons. 1 day. Half marathon. 6 afternoons. day off
ru speakin english et :) lol chink i wish i was busy. New icon :)
Follow back ?:)
will be here tomorrow 6/24 from 11-2pm on Park Ave. Come out, sit down & try some awesome crepes! Half off museum admission!
>we KNOW this...so Put Up what to do NOW. Light a candle, domT curse th darkness? Show us what you've got
It was a good 2.5 years scouting for Red Bull...a new team will benefit from the experience! MLS All Star match holds the key....
Thanks for the follow, love the cufflinks & ring bit on your website.
RT : Pick a number, double it, add 10, divide it by 2, then minus it by the number you started with. Now close your eyes....
ground up animal organs/byproducts...
next FaceTime I wanna see!!
When u coming back to SA?
Economic injustices affect who has access to treatment and how that treatment is administered.
we love your candles!
nice! I wanted one as soon as I saw that video.
Got our b&h order in- manfrotto monopods, vnd filters, DP slider, to name a few things. Taking video up a few notches ;)
Last Fri #real #estate word unscramble-cotenancy 2days WORD:bemloraascp HINT:properties Game of life not hold good hnd but play por hnd wel!
i know girl! But heck yes we will do Don Pablos Yum! Have fun & tell my mom i said hi haha
Boy its nasty out there! If you're oit and about stop in for a hot toddy! You're worth it.
Loved w'minster dog show. Flat-coated retr., Doberman, PBGB, German wire haired were my favorites.
But unlike Watergate, nothing will change. ;)
Rainy days always motivate me to blog.
are finally playing a quality game!
Tanks are moving into Beijing. Possible military coup. Via #coasttocoastam Radio rocks for speed of information. Did I beat ?
That's some crap, right there.
Hooray! See you there! :D
As long as it wasn't you, my friend, I couldn't care less.
Happy Birthday Miranda hope you have a great Birthday with your family and friends :)
Breaking Bad is elite. Best show on tv.
the closet ones? You must mean CLOSEST ones.
I realize that you can never go wrong keeping it real with yourself.
follow back?[:
Craig wishes, always sweating this ish right hurr.
ERA for the Yankees rotation is 5.75...<Prob be 10 w/out Nova...seriously though...do need to fix it...BP gonna be done in..
So has yet 2 reply about the insulting nature of my shopping experience and how rudely I was treated.
I'd like quinoa more if it didn't remind me of a background texture from Contra. I'm sensitive to these kinds of things.
pat it like a black girl do her hair lol
Spots still remaining for Dec 10 coaches clinic. Sign up now! www.phoenixcoyotes.com/usahockeyadm
Happy New Year! RT : Happy New Year to my favorite shoe goddesses:
Not really. RT : seems you're in the minority for supporting Kansas. Sad sad day for the state.
at the mall with my girls
Saw my last name misspelled Pappas on an official document at work :-/
Getting closer to Walk Day! #walknowforautismspeaksLA Sat. April 21, 8am @ the Rose Bowl in Pasadena.
Heading to next week.
Keep the peace down there, you guys.
21 jump street is fuckin hilarious
Lets see each other like God see us no matter our downfalls or short comings
Looking to gain some #SocialMedia knowledge? Follow pass it on!
oh yeah. Hope your doing good.
#FatPeoplePasswords pizza huts #
JoBros Are Our Heroes it's true <3
should I go to San Fran this weekend with my mom, or stay home? ...
Luuuuongo.... Sieve.... Sieve.... Sieve..Sieve.Sieve SieveSieveSieve
Still accepting submissions for issue 2 while we work on issue 1, out in a couple of weeks. Send us your stuff!
she thinks were dating. She was like if I guess will you tell me lol. She picked Alex first though.
May or may not have dropped my phone on the subway track this morning
Wow guess Denmark is where its at food wise. First Noma as best restaurant and now winning Bocuse d'Or
I have a story.
Monday Night Live is back! Join us after 7pm for many of the city’s best local talent!
yea pope! He's still the same old trey.haha
Tonight was terrible. I just want to punch someone in the face right now.
Uptown New Orleans
what up #saturdaylibrarian peeps! feeling your pain. finishing up my last #libraryschool project all day before i can go on spring break
your lottery advice falls on deaf ears. I will buy you lunch if I win.
&&' if this is such a game to you , than I think I'm done playing . . .
headed to San Francisco Monday to see demand side partners
would you be interested in Duke Entrepreneurship Prof Carl Nordgren speaking at Twitter on April 25 or 26?
Anyone remember Keenan and Kel? Watching it now. Is that weird? I love it.
I ate like a pig....collard greens, macaroni w/cheese, yams, baked chicken, peach cobbler and coconut cake
She is dope
Heal up my friend...I'm just glad you weren't seriously hurt...hope to see you in Nashville in a week, C
Just wasted the last 20 minutes of my life watching Jersey Shore.
thanks for checking us out again! It's been far too long. Have a great night!
I sure will. Bon Secours has a YEEP (youth entrepreneur empowerment program) and the youth love it.
The Help by K. Stockett is my favorite book of 2010. Great novel, great food for thought. When people "think better" they live better!
Dickie cut your hair....
same here I hate the rain
you my nigga that's all that matters 😏
So apparently I've been given the nickname T-Lock...
Wondering what to do in #MKE tonite? will get you moving with Swing Dancing & the Italian Community Center has live jazz!
Or they are the only org that isn't in the O's pocket and CAN tell the truth.
I'm in the newsroom ready to volunteer, feeling giggle as a schoolgirl having just passed a few of my personal role models :)
Oh, yes, Roman Mysteries are great!
With the 43 pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Zach Greinke
how was it? I am thinking of reading it myself before I watch the movie.
Art world! What's your favorite sound/audio-related art installation?
Shout to my new follower livin life to fullest
..now that is an aftermath we like to see!
This game getting soo good!!
A grasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Hey, there's a drink named after you'. The grasshopper says, 'A drink named Steve?'
what is going on?
listening to the incredible Jose Hernandez NASA astronaunt
#hth2012 is a fire hose of awesomeness hard to keep up the tweets
back up in tha sh(p)ot
Has anyone tried the Free 4.0 or 3.0 #running shoe?
Our next show is just 10 days away on April 25!
#Exterminate Haha. I died.
cannot wait till I turn 18..
happy mothers day BIL
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
Can't wait to watch & Lamar! Just saw an ad! Yay! O lala dolls, so excited. ;)
I love that place!!!
Me, , & my mother are getting thrown dust at
That rocks! Just be sure that u're not "sucking in" air when u're sucking in your gut. Think: Belly goes in as air goes out
be great today fam!
just got back from with where we saw our friend Ciara and met a new one, Adrianna!
Big Storms in the area today! Be safe everyone!
Find me 1 person on Earth who is impressed, inspired, or actually believes the Taco Bell commercial where the guy drives 900 mi for chalupas
could you pretty pretty please help us get to 200 followers by tonight ?
Oh snap! lol they better not find a way to make me check my phone.
ironic that I posted the wrong link, but it still works. :)
You are so smart! :) RT : "Too bad we don't have time for breakfast." "We have all day for breakfast."
Although I am an LSU guy I have to pull for the Horns today against OU. I do think OU wins, the game however.
Great Sunday morning service at Dearing
Nate pedue just ate gum out of a popcorn back at harrys.
On the way to a meeting
#SomeoneIWantToMeet takes to long. I'm gonna do
my bad i meant sling shot
Watching the latest #rhobh and realizing I missed the last one. And by "missed" I mean fell asleep.
Don't like me? Well guess what I don't wake up every fucking day to please you! ;)
shot out to the only women who lays golden eggs. Love you for life and beyond.
really Bennett was a decision to make??? There only one school right! Lol
The legislative library of Liberia was decimated during the war. Even the bookshelves were taken. Bryant
Thanks for your great work on And the Advisor cookies that you sent us are icing on the cake!
I don't get hives, but I get itching, nausea, lethargy, sinus flare up and sometimes headaches for about a day. Total bummer.
theres a boy out there tht i like but i dont know !!!!
$100 sum to see your balls get waxed? Deal
thaaats right. and take your stinky friend with you
working on a FREE download. Check back tomorrow for more details!!
I have been listening to the Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making. I identify as a shark & I wish I had a leopard.
as someone who too has gone through ACL reconstruction, your retelling is spot on. Brought me back to a not so happy time.
Going thru some tough stuff here
haha. You're crazy! I'll definitely autograph it for ya. Haha. You'll have my first autograph!
I tell my girl when u fuck me...u better fuck me good
so let's see... and her website, and his new single #SoListen and the app! ahh I'm in love
It's actually Rachel but nice to meet you!
I hate you anyways
Ah! I just get loopy with love landing in this town. Had a swell trip back to the Land of the Cleves and I am happy to be home in Seattle.
ah, springtime in manhattan. it never ever gets old!
My mom called me n said she needs a cd with the lil wayne song faded lmfao she a fool, don't where she even heard it at.
Need camping gear? Check out Outdoors Geek for rental, new and used gear at www.outdoorsgeek.com.
The office just previewed our new commercial-- we'll be on Comcast and Verzion FiOS in NE 189 times in April!
whinnie from the wonder years is on big bang theory.
oh ya? No winner this year? I'm sorry me and missed it.
At first, I thought the SGRho video was an April Fool's joke! Classic!
We can't wait for Family Fun in the Square this Saturday! RAIN or SHINE :)
RT : Country first. RT : Senate GOP kills Obama plan to subsidize hiring of teachers, first responders -
so good but so painful! Haha
Bask in beverages, delve into demos, explore culinary trails, May 19-22 Atlanta Wine Festival
Huge congrats to and on their AP/Google scholarships. Two great journo-techs I've had the pleasure of getting to know.
Real men are loyal to the lord, their family, & to their woman
Thanks for being on our show!!!!!!! You certainly make it look better! :)
My favorite GOP excuse for voting against the Buffet rule is it won't save that much $. If it's so little $, why not pass it?
Ok, another day of Kentucky HOT! summer dayz, but this time i went to the pool! ;0)
Does anyone know a military member or family potentially affected by the govt shutdown? Story for 10 on ABC5!!
Join us at the new LincolnDC sites...celebrating everything Lincoln amid the Civil War Anniversary. "Like" us at FB Lincoln's Washington
I have the nicest people in my twitter PLN. You know who you are! I can only hope I give as good as I get.
When your so hungry that you could eat a pony..
No u do and nutin u
Puppies in a bowl - it is concentrated cuteness (and a whole lot of puppy breath).
Air travel is less relaxing with internet service on-board! I could be reading and instead I am doing this!
Welcome David!
After that teaser, who's excited for new music?!
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver. Jay Leno
unhealthly excited for the coldplay concert on friday omg ajhsgdjahsdgajhsdgjas
“Children will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feeling that you cherished them.”-Evans
hm. what could i do with 60 days of free amazon rds?
Congrats to and for winning the SEBO case comp today! A few good stories can go a long way!
Works for me!
Home town boy Halladay just pitched the 20th EVER perfect game woo hoo!
Enjoyed your chat with David McIntosh!
Merrigan is promoting Gary Matteson's notion of "Retail Ag", the best concept we've heard to define the market size of direct/local.
Follow me, I'm lost without you.
it's about to be seven O_O
All art is but imitation of nature.
Thanks! Even though some parts of the development process were ridiculously painful I'm actually eager to do more.
Forgot "Grammar Jammers" as well; but only the primary edition is free, unfortunately
. Sirius(ly) Black, Horcrux (bonus: store a piece of your soul in the cat), Muggle (call him Mugs & Mugsy)
Spent a fun day boogie-boarding at the beach! Now about to go for a refreshing dip in the pool....ah, if only all days were as care-free!
love you :)
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 14
Of course, Mitt Romney would have the guts to stand up to terrorists. It's not like these terrorists are part of the tea party.
I need some fried chicken wings in my life...
Jones killed it on that last rack in the 3 pt. Contest. Reeeeedic!
Hello Princess. Thanks for the follow
So glad you loved the music video :) What was your favorite part?
now following back
could of called me.....lol
im dying of boredness!
Since the price of natural gas is so low, why is the bill still high.
It's Fat Tire Friday...$3.50 Pints all day!
I know! I can never get it out of my head!
"Of the 4.1 million kids born each year, less than 30% make it through the college funnel." -Michael Moe
7 line items of roughly $5k each in avella's district were vetoed including a historical society, anti-graffiti program, and a little league
don't worry they will be at Tobacco Road tonight till midnight
Our Divorce Seminar had 32 in attendance last week - we love helping those who need it! Next scheduled Divorce Seminar for October 20th.
“: Cheap date w Picnic on the hotel bed! #baguettecheesefruittequila” love you handsome!!
Follow Me<3 Please:) i loved Rue <3 you played her really well and to be honest i cried when Rue died in the book nd Movie
When my friends ditch me. I go to McDonalds and order a McSlapper on the double :)
Because Alhambra is close to downtown LA & China Town. It's a good location since it's not too far from all the commotion
: they did say "classy" dress. I'll email pics. Need new cocktail dress, tbh.
Herman Cain avoids the question and answers with a funny cliché and big smile: Drink 7.
lol sad, but still funny.
has he literally not seen the wire xmfd...isn't this the kid that prances around pretending to have good taste..tsk tsk
Its crazy how i see the tweets u guys see on my timeline and then a few minutes later i see they reply to you(: #BoyzLoveUs 😘
Thanks Darlin' :-) I've still got a lot of other Florida native orchids not edited or published yet. Stay tuned!
": is following me?? I'm honored.. Thank you... :) XOXO" it is MY pleasure! Xo
Self-proclaimed movie + design night. What to watch, what to watch...
« U ever be walkin thru the mall & see sum1 & speak but 20min later u see them again & don't know whether to speak again?»»
: will be there too w alumni. Look for him if u can.
My Baby have'n Surgery Today. Feel good Thi. I love u much.
thank you Ray, for everything, just for bein a great friend
congrats buddy
The rap made for is kinda catchy I have it playing over and over in my head(;
You underestimate our beer pong skills! Prepare to be defeated! :)
RT : Luv finding the Onion on the Metro. Best story: "ESPN Completely Misses Brett Favre v. Green Bay Packers Storyline"
So true,
my mom is dead asleep . Im bouuta take an hour nap real quick.
Yet there are some people - Steve Allen would dissect comedy forever; he's a really funny guy, but he would love talking about comedy
Dear creepy smirking asian man watching me do laundry. Like what you see?
Presentation shows economic downturn in Palmetto Bay- & yet 3 of council want 2 spend non-recurring revenues - reserves on Thalatta
not even Shelby Lynne music is helping to blow these dark and stormy clouds away
Getting a head start on our
crazy new purple #HOT signs spotted on I85 near Cheshire Bridge... #HOV2HOT conversion post coming soon!
So much homework but I'm going to a volleyball game
I'm hilarious I know #smallboobproblems?
Portrait of a promising Fla. teacher - who leaves after one year - it was FCAT this, FCAT that .
I have another zombie survival tip for the next person to msg me with their screenname for aim!
Morning Twitter World - Last week there was a good game between Herndon H.S. and Westfield H.S. we saw some very good players.
that's wat I need in my life, bunz
When you get home from hanging out with your boo and you get flash backs about the time you spent together<3
yo mane. I checked you w/ angie yee - you was doin ya thing and I appreciate your humility #hardwork you need beats hollat @ me
New designs, colors and materials coming your way very soon!
Seriously. 5 minutes my butt.
C'est un grand honneur pour et surtout pour
Brains taste better when not concussed. That's why I'm relatively safe when the manky dreadfuls invade.
I think my mom's a retard.
Wack ass party
Beta Iota chapter brought #LITB to U of Toronto for 23 years, starting April 23, 1930. Happy Founders Day BI alumnae!
you going to tahoe for presidents day? We will be in south lake with the crew.
JETER HOME RUN!!!!!! 2nd day in a row! Yankees
So cool that the first voice at the fundraiser is Digital Harbor High School student Evodie Ngoy!
its your world, I just live in it. Plus, your a friggin gangsta ...
Fun Fact: Jules in THE CABIN IN THE WOODS is played by former yellow Power Ranger Anna Hutchinson! (Not from the classic series, mind you.)
Can i put a mod5 auto winding drum magazine (3000 rds) on my aftermath broxa evolution airsoft machine gun? jg
#EricHovde campaign: He has submitted the 4,000 signatures necessary to get on the ballot for U.S. Senate, collected from 61 of 72 counties.
This is like some messed up game f Simon says
welcome to town! Hope you have a fun and productive meeting!
& any #feedback on either #dumbsearch or #dumbseo should go straight to #app #developer // :) #enjoy!
Noah is one UGLY child
have fun tomorrow!
Website coming Feb 1st and we're bringing Hollywood with us! Actors and bloggers, prepare to be wowed! UR Hollywood!
And that's #L16! I'd like to thank my fans for the support. For those following at home, Caps go up 3-2 on the Rangers tonight.
how many innings are in a baseball game?
3 back to back finals today, wish me luck! :p
Watch em scatter as I turn da lights on!
I'm glad you liked it! Great paper! Please feel free to send me links to your work. I'm fascinated by this area.
RT : The people that say childbirth is the most painful thing to endure have clearly never stepped on a Lego.
That's so nice Brad! Hope you have a great day!
awesome! so glad you liked it! And as far as the juicing, you won't be disappointed-tastes good AND makes you feel good too!
That's deep. This reminds me to praise him in spite of and to dwell on his promises - the seen and unseen. Thanks.
Just gotta say has got it goin on! Pure & Amazing talent that I'm so glad I have the pleasure of witnessing <3
Kate, what's wrong?
New song is stuck in my head. New 7" on the way. More Coming!!!
Thanks for following ! Great to meet a fellow ILL-er!
i need to get back into twitter -__-
You got the hips got the lips I wanna feel the rest
Axford looked a lot less trashy last year this time, wow.
Philadelphia Flyers Interesting Game 1 Playoff Semifinals Facts: Fan&#39;s Take
congrats on the new gig. I just came over to COF.
im replying from this one but ok well as long as tomorrow morning i dont see 4000 tweets from you its ok
#SomeoneIWantToMeet & I love you guys!
just got home from skewwll (: er.. it feels like friday
it just had a picture and said "43 days til #PLL" or how many ever days it was. 48...47. I can't remember lol.
looking at sleep like a fuckin beauty queen, lucky ass i cant sleep :(
Please tell non-Tax paying VOTERS that $2.5K is Gross not take home, may takehome 75K if lucky
Love the bio. Onward and upward both! Great things ahead :)
Going through a trying time...but 1 thing I know...my answer and strength are both IN God!!!
Thanks! I'm really excited about it. Probably not going to make the trip to the game. I don't have that kind of cash! lol
Stumped for a holiday #gift? The Chocolate Library now offers gorgeous gift box options by and
nope, just my crew neck. Lol 😳 u kno it's too damn cold for tht out here, I was freezin wit them shorts on lol
Hey im good. How about u? :)
Lol... thought so! They should know you only use DM on Fb! ;) Thx for letting us know. will delete! xox!
yes, up bright and early to do #tonyandcleo for the kids.
HAH! Sorry, looking at your name, I thought you were msteen85.
Stop in today to see our lovely new displays.
Open until to 5 tonight, come enjoy one of the veggie burgers that we make in house!
thank u! happy #followfriday to you too!
Wow congrats! RT Day 30 on my mat today
Why is Sharon crying? She's the one the one who broke up with Adam.
awesome. Always love more info on Apraxia. Have taken Kaufman's course TWICE. :)
I hate when things/lights blink but when you stare at then it doesn't blink &when you look away it blinks again... <SoFar,SoGood;*>
30 seconds of courage bro, thats all it takes
haha. Hannah's little sister couldn't say justina back then so Tina stuck with me.
Try using a hashtag they'll connect with!
Some people are just plain mean.
RT : Just an idea - if you are in a library - why not take a picture and post it 2Twitter with #SSJCPLpic We would love 2 see u!
is the tracker broken or am i?
Your so not on my level
#Pens have scored all of their goals on the same side of the ice thus far in the series.
RT : love your handle! Thanks! Lipstick on the Rim was too long, but that is my new blog
Your going to hear a Story about me and its going to be written by Success!
It's just stupid well it's still Thursday here but today sucked like school was terrible
If we loved again, I swear Id love you right.
Your Welcome!
RT : Denied signing a recall Walker petition. Told her that I support Walker & she looked so dumbfounded.
It's Fat Tuesday, what r u giving up for #Lent ?
Jean just makes me laugh. RT : Fine. I'll do it. Thanks for nothing, Twitter.
Enjoying the new six story D&G ad on Macy's Union Square facade.
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
I swear ghetto girls think everything is expensive!!
gotta love 8 am retail store meetings to get yelled at for not making money. yayyyyy! #mysales LOL
So its not pronounced ZoeY ?
Great opening presentation by at #MACUL. So stoked for the rest of the day!
this is what it do, this is what it does, this is what it is, and this is what it always was...ya heard me?
Enjoying the last week of the year! To celebrate the New Year, we will be closed on Monday, January 3rd.
GET LOST!
There was no golden ticket in my chocolate today :-(
I need to know that you are going to be okay without me..or I will remain in limbo...until I can see you are ok
We're preparing our very first newsletter, complete with an amazing offer on our subscription prices .... sign up now!
I saw it too! Yay!
Come in and warm up with a Hot Bourban Cider Today! Perfect day for it! Happy Hour at the bar From 4-7pm
So i'm out to dinner with my family and I tell my mom the guy across the room was attractive and she goes over there and tells him. smh
Halloween Toddler Time & costume parade was a smashing success!! Thanks to all who participated! We love our visitors!!
Army Wives. The best way to end a Sunday night!
Duh the third year of any presidency is always a good economic year!
nice boobs ;)
Dinner at Pastinni's ... Now entertainment
I love you <33
What are some of your favorite May events in Richmond?
COME TAKE CLASSES WITH US:)RT i feel like i should get back on my battle tip.whats the dance scene like in DC cuz its dead in VA
two tests tomorrow, le not studying
Wishing you a great Sunday that's free of the n-word being hurled at you - whether through films/movies or music. Keep it at bay and away!
Happy Feet Two was hard body.
Embroidered polos, printed tees, uniforms & corporate apparel. Call 877-244-9913 mention #Twitter for 20% off ur first order!
I need to quit buyin shit hell cable dun went up smh
For real? *straight face*
Wearing an Ohio State t-shirt today. Considering most appropriate foods for football Saturdays. Yes, it's still February.
on #Leadership - In times of turmoil leaders are in no position to be liked, so we might as well do what is right. Where does US, UN stand?
Me Every Night/Morning. -_- I LITERALLY Don't Sleep.
i know i'm late on it. thought it was hilarious
You are a really cool mom for Harry! I love the both of you guys and i would really love it if you followed or just replyed!! :)
So many exciting things afoot for me and my Mr. that I cannot sleep!! AAH!
#np on Sinful Tuesday | Topic: How do rumors affect this industry | - Growning Call in 760.283.5110
Looking for affordable airfare options from Madrid, Buenos Aires and Mexico to the Dominican Republic....any ideas?
Awesome mixing day today - more tomorrow!
Cheap Trick "Surrender" or Fleetwood Mac "Tusk" live version
ready to get schooled in bowling?
I just had a, yay it's a parking space no it's a smart car, moment.
Learning JavaScript and editing a video is going to be my night off.
I would hope not.
LMAO U might be right, u could never whisper at Crichton
Read our new blog entry about the performance featuring Patrick Ball and the Medieval Beasts, www.storytellingarts.org/blog
Hooray for a great launch week!! Look for exciting new offers on Monday as well as a National Offer on Wednesday!!
I believe is jealous
Dads tonight! What what
Alright everybody gotta walk 7miles today any suggestions. I believe this Walk across America is going to be very hard, but blessed!
no he gets an Oscar, something you'll never get!! You need the dog sitter.
one of those moods.
I have no idea what coughlin or his staff are seeing on these challenges.
you two were cracking me up tonight!
If you are bored and you see this i want to do a 20 question video. so can you please tweet me 20 question and i will upload it tomorrow
People have me dying with these <, > for sports players and teams.
RT : City of Eagan: open access network will preserve scarce right of way in the city
Fantasizing of opening up an infant's clothing store called "The Baby Hole".
RT ": Hats off to Tim Wakefield for 17 incredible seasons w/ the Red Sox #ThankYouWake" one of the best!
Working on different movement
I watch Fox "news" for all my political facts.
Job hunting in Chicago
Much like Snooki, I think I am going to tweet a pic of myself without makeup on.
