afternoon naps make me so happy.
i feel you on this one, I'm some where with permanent goose bumps.
only u !
Thank you kindly to my latest followers.
Secret Service scandal goes beyond Colombia- Pentagon investigates carousing in El Salvador, Argentina and maybe even Moscow
boy oh boy smh
Y U No ask? Lol RT : Cristina Y U No make me a poster? :c
I feel my strength comin back...
I got 3 bags left I thought I had 4 but its 3
It's been a very long day, time for some shut eye, until tomorrow...
- Grazie!!! Food was amazing tonight. Snow crab Mangia! Mangia! Bravo
hey , is using your photo?
that is not why Joe likes young girls....sorry but that is the truth!
Hey Laney You forgot to log out of your Twitter on my laptop haha well I love you girl! Glad I have one REAL friend,you! - (:
I think that never gonna follow me :(
chase down the original British version - far superior
I like the Pacers and Lebron. The King needs his ring though, so I'm pulling for the Heat.
At least I can now stop wondering what Rhianna would look like as a stripper.
Off to Olive Garden :)
I would so let manny pacman pacquaio punch me in my face for 10 grand
Gracias! Indeed it is my birthday :) See you Friday!
I'm obsessed
Keep it real because we were all created in God's image.
Possibly the best thing for you to buy today? Tickets to on June 1st!
You really know how to annoy me dont you.
Sesame Bagels or Poppyseed? Makes a difference. RT : When I try to see my future, I see a man with orange skin and small bagels.
Oh man come on man really seriously the Chiefs beat the Packers really wtf... I really don't wanna see the Dolphins hold this title forever
It's a mid-70's Friday in Milwaukee where most people think Boosie is free. Stay away from Water St., 618, Mixx and Notte tonight lol.
Sometimes I wish I was normal.
I see my #Bulls lost again tonight. And from the score it at least appears they tried to compete. Glad I missed the game
Haircut. Spirit Awards. Q&A at The Landmark. Blog. Download music for my next webisode. It's going to be a fun Saturday.
Well back to work on my price sheets and lables.
Hmm, Dark Shadows + Johnny Depp + Michelle Pfeiffer + Tim Burton + May 11th. This day is officially blocked out.
Though the new amputee-themed anti-tobacco ads will deter some, they lend morbid truth to that "smoking helps you lose weight" claim.
also keeps me going too when im hurting all over :D goodnight everyone
Memphis rap seems appropriate for a morning like this - slow, sticky, too warm, menacing. This really should be August music though.
Jealous! You look amazing.
Deal, yo. Let's see it!
lol no but maybe you should log on skype or try to answer that private number
and niall has braces.
Mindgrub will be hosting the Greater Baltimore Technology Council Happy Hour THIS Thursday, March 1st starting at 5:30pm! Please come and e…
cindy brunson needs to stop saying "join jay harris and *i*" on her sportscenter promos
Stupid bipolar Tennessee weather :P
is under CONSTRUCTION :-$
So exciting! We will come by and say hi. What booth are you?
Now THAT was a power play goal by Hartnell!
nothing just chillin. Nice costume, I looked at the pics on facebook.
lol. Someone needs a shave.
Dubix Records is looking for a Lyrical marketable artist/STRONG content. send submissions to must have HQ audio files
Someone Mention Me To Keep Me From Twitter Jail Please.
no idea... Know anyone trying to get rid of theirs?
how was what?
O man, the Tribe sure makes these games interesting
I always had to send midi from my keyboard to the launchpad to piano roll my letters. NOW THIS IS OUT.AWESOME
#InfoWorld free magazine subscriptions now at an end? Bumming.
whew...just finished a presentation to all the branch supervisors, chiefs and admin
You make the trek to Vegas?
u jealous? Hey we get respect now, and you might be wrong
Follow us. we will be near your city soon.
fatself should not be eating chicken
The girls belting out the lyrics to Call Me Maybe the loudest are the ones nobody will.
Days of glory
Thank you for a WONDERFUL time on Saturday! 180 new trees in the ground!
Come to think of it, I don't know if you can have unity without some division. That's just the paradox.
Lets record ur winter break and send it to E! we are up ther w/ da kardashians. plus i don't know if you knew but i am SO funny
if your gonna burn something to a blank CD write on it so someone knows you already put stuff on it.
Email + Small rant sent :D
Productive day with the excellent talent at NPR Digital. Plus, I got to see a unique jazz band perfrom a Tiny Desk Concert.
sounds good to me...as long as we're not on our way to the penn.
Going to vegas for 4 days again
awesome! then we can add you to our LD Crew photo album!
I'm good honey. How have you been? Seems like forever. Tell Will I said hey.
do you guys think you would survive a zombie outbreak. By Walkind dead rules Florida would be messed up.
Sunday 3 pm at the come celebrate Earth Day with WITS! 30 HISD students will share nature poems and stories with you....
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X31
that sucks to be you sir, I bet took it. im just saying she looks like she is kind of a klepto.
Strong people know how to keep their life in order. Even with tears in their eyes, they still manage to say "I am okay" with a smile.
The Hypnotist - gruesome going. Looks like the sociopath did it.
R. Kelly thanks for the song
Join us Feb. 7th , 5pm to close. Sales benefit Sunshine Division. play @ 7pm, $5 cover
Sledge hammer meet iPod....... Yeah I'm about to go ape shit on this thing >:|
POSTPONED: Saturday's VNYLST talk is postponed until further notice. Stay tuned for updates!
first time biking in a while and I went 5 miles in 18 minutes, averaged 21 mph, and my heart rate averaged 138... I'm shot.
I know people say that every time someone puts an article in block quotes and makes fun of it. But that was actually as well refuted.
Even @ work? Thats one sticky community... :-p
but then this would promote aids (republican opinion) lol
Yes, you're right. Still think they bring Enrique in though after the season. I look at Tito as our "interim" tag.
Great tips -Thanks!
#ScrewYou peer pressure!!
You know how we Skee Wee's do it!! JK thanks Sis! “: New Avi is hot! ”
home alone.
Going down to the creek to fish for some gigantic carp.
Embers is based on the life of Terry's grandmother. Tonite is the first presentation of the complete work.
done deal! Enjoy yourselves!
ms.n0ni <- words with friends, hanging with friends, scramble with friends. Challenges welcomed ^_^
Jill, Anthony, Erykah, Fantasia, John and Alicia... my writing mix... lol
Just spent an hour painting the baseboards in our bedroom only to find out I had grabbed the wrong color paint. Unlucky.
i would tweet you as much as how much i support you dude. follow back? :D
To me dogs are more than just people.
Stuck in traffic great !!! on my way to pick up my dad
I just had to write a whole essay over a book I never read , ☹
Happy #StPatty'sDay Prom Princesses! In just 1 hr we'll kick off our 2nd Prom Fair of 2012! Be sure to tweet us!
Shout out to , give a friend a follow
Thanks for following , &
No I don't trim my facial hair, it just grows in all redneck like that
I had a dream about you last night!
Haha you bleed trance from your ears!
only person ever there RT My mom always been there for me.
It's always great to have few friends who make you smile even when they are not around.
clancy's been slacking. The Crown ain't safe.
Excellent talks at #JMM2012 on making developmental college math courses modular & mastery-based. Thanks, Alvina Atkinson, Aaron Wong.
The only people who really worry about money are the very poor and the very rich.
i am SCARED for high school. hope i get no classes with you because i feel uncomfortable around you.
I hate seeing old people by themselves :o makess me sad .
Just read for Pawn Shop Chronicles funny script...#hillbillypulpfiction #BTR director did a film called
There's no way I can make it without you, be here with out you, it's no fun when your doing a solo, with you is like whoa yea I know <3 (:
RT : Using Twitter for PR Events bit.ly/nvibNp
There a wild turkeys everywhere in Arden Hills this morning. Is that normal?
4 referrals this month, & were barely on the 16th x)
I like your work! When you guys get too big to be doing everything on those C&P's, look me up! Follow me too!
wadr: what you may be missing is the entire meta-emotional swamp that anchors argument :)
Lol I like how you think!
Listening to favorite song sweet love- Chris Brown 
All the men in her life FAIL her... what is she to do??
good morning gorgeous but woo likeing the new pic there lol crazy girl!
thank you i am
being sick sucks :(.
or should I say opposites....don't go together at all!
"The church is not in the buisness of healing people".... quote from "the devil inside"
loving the belt over the sweater!
I should be working, but instead I'm watching the Star Trek where Data is Sherlock Holmes. I'm content with that.
aww thanks. You okay? I saw and heard your leg was bothering you. I only beat my time by a minute
Even during moments of chaos some things just work out nicely... And thankfully there are still good people in this world!
Haven't been on lately. Been super busy, and now catching up on tweets
3 things I’ve learned in school: Texting without looking, Sleepin without getting caught, TEAMWORK on tests.
The link didn't work for me.
Who has shoe recommendations? I need a cross-trainer and running shoes. #Brooks ? #Asics ? #UnderArmor?
Getting ready for work! Warm oatmeal on a cold morning yumm
Just loaded in at Ace of Spades getting ready to rock the Fuck!ng house with REHAB!
oh yeah.
HBO wages war on obesity! Good job!
Tonight is THE NIGHT! #100thIssueParty at w/ + MORE. Doors 630. Come celebrate with us!
doesn't look good. Bryz sucks.
Getting ready for band practice.
I assumed that it was abt their relationship back when she first went solo
Thanks for spending time with me <3
Good day at the farm with my llama family
my 1-sentence diss summary: "I found a few of those problems" (but I was only using PCFG parsing, not LFG/HPSG deep grammars).
Glad to be back in Nashville!!
What an amazing first day of business! Thank you everyone for the support and good energy. Much Metta!
10% off Monday screen printing orders.
"We may train or peak for a certain race, but running is a lifetime sport." -Alberto Salazar, marathon runner
My sister got a real job today!! Go sister!!
I need new friends -_-..
-- OH lord, I am right there with you! I think about what the characters would be doing/where they are! It's a little insane.
What design can bring to policy-making
maybe THAT is why he's having such a hard time calling home.
'Very uncertain' situation about fate of journalists in Tripoli with rebel advance on #Libya capital
Happy Tuesday! Any May Day Madness in your hood today?
I give thanks for the experiences that shape my life.
Oh hey weekend! :)
you must be on quarter system. I have 4 more weeks to go before break. Urgh. Have fun writing.
Could talk to some people before meeting about coming up with some responses, or thoughts with questions, ask what ___ thinks?
S/O TO ALL THE CATS FROM EAST TO WEST THAT KEEP IT 1HUNNIT WIT SELF ....AN DO EVERTHANG TO THEY CAN TO PUSH THEIR PROGRAM AGAINST THE GRAIN
RT : Those who find a way to enjoy whatever life has to offer are the ones who get to enjoy the very best that life has to...
that's interesting- as in "not right". MT : Factoid: Fees @ Austin libraries goes to general fund vs the library's acct.
If you can't give me solutions to my problems don't bring it up. I think we all can identify the problem, were looking for soul-lutions!!!!
Great game
This man is hungary he seatn here eatting a big mac to cheeseburgers...
Listening to a few cuts from Menino on There are few things worse in this world than that man's accent...
Awwwh); I live in San Antonio I love it hear it's just really Hot! But u get used to it I guess(;
you give us the feeling to want to travel...
Nice catch, Raburn.
Our mainstream media is muffled when warmongers were draft dodgers: Bush, Cheney, Limbaugh.
time to get motivated for work. 3 cups of coffee and counting....
Sorry , I wrote off Binaural 10 years ago. Just rediscovered it though, been on repeat for a week.
Yeah Im Ready for habesha parties this summaaaa ! Ready to kill the eskistaaa
I don't have my phone right now, where should I meet you?
wen one makes it we all do
Do you think the NFL is going easy on these guys? seems like if this is true they should lose their jobs, #KatrinaBias I think;))
Trade you a Kirkland night out for a Belltown night out. ;-)
Be ya self then we can kick it
Try drinking some cool toilet water. That should help
RT : President will lavish praise on US Forces "...these Americans stood tall." Address live at 4:30pm on
Follow North Carolina PR, Writer, etc.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action." - Benjamin Disraeli
#Attention : Do me a favor and listen to this song I post here in a few minuets
RT : Ryan: Burfict said Marvin Lewis has been in constant contact with him since Round 4, and he will be visiting the Bengals soon.
Fatniss Everdeen is an awesome name for a kitty!
Java's Stout is now on tap at Rohrbach's! We have growlers available at our Railroad St. location and it's on nitro at the pub!
Met On chatroulette tonight!! That was amazing!!!<3333
God gave me you for the ups and downs. :)
That's not football.
I do love my Morgan State
GET YOUR LIVING SACRIFICE TICKETS FROM US! Fat Daddy's on Feb 7th!
holla at the oscars! kk im ready to get this thing going, best film lets go! i predict the king's speech. academy loves anything english
hey! I know you! Want to get together and play this weekend?
you might as well do it for me!
I like it, wonder how "preparedness" would affect the numbers. Maybe that's an element of "control"?
you should get up before him and jam to something else
Bye Blake!!! Come on Grizzlies!!!
oh trust its multiple battles that I haven't watched, and Like I said the battle scene is getting watered down
How come squirrels get a pass to bury whatever they want in the park but the cops go crazy when I try to bury one tiny bloody knife?
how is off season? Is it weird not to be in the same routine everyday?
True or False, Kyle Wiltjer will pour in some buckets next year?
Thanks for following!
Fishing for the bounty of the Great Lakes
So excited for cinco de drinko tomorrow with my favvvvs gonna be so crazy 🍻
WTF WHO DO WE TRADE UP FOR?!?
Summer is almost over......Does your pool need a little TLC? Aloha Pool Care. 760-798-7321
Suggested names for the NO Hornets: (1) NO Teabaggers; (2) NO Confederacy of Dunces
Looking for a new home in #SanDiego? I've got tons of new listings coming up - let me know what you're looking for!
Why is there an eject button on the DVD remote? I still have to get up and take the disc out. It's like having a remote to open the fridge.
The Finnish examples of Staffordshire dogs are now all facing outward, I wonder if that was an invitation...
Love it! RT : Stats are like bikinis. What they reveal is important, but what they hide is VITAL.
Knee deep in Wellies on a daily basis and now talking with a brogue. (what too much rains gets ya)
“: where'd you guys go” I'm in seattle not sure where Ryan is...thought he was at home but maybe not.
Glad you can make it RT : we are happy to be here
Why does every good thing have to be taken away? Why am I only allowed a few months of happiness before my world comes crashing down?
Stunning resolution from the blue crab claw microCT scan
I gave up on it. My YouTube is just margaretr0se and I have another one up though.
Don't mean to take time from your postseason analysis of Stinger, but feel free to respond when you get 90 seconds.
what's up homie..I'm actually pre selling the course now...
well your week starts on Sunday...and yes...i wouldn't miss them either if I were where you are!
Hearing somebody just say they're sorry and then just bursting out in tears because that's just what you've wanted the whole time. >>>
Plays like one too. RT : Raymond Felton is built like a brick fat person.
Whats your favorite song?:
good idea! I'm off!
tonite's dinner consisted of pickled onions, olives, pepadew peppers, and fresh veggies. as weird as that sounds.. it works!!
#prayfornida was in a really bad accident, please pray for we guyss
Gram still in surgery, going on hour 3...#waiting&waiting
tis a thing of beauty. Perhaps the most glorious thing I've ever seen.
our company offer services for t-shirt label changing for A very low price for more info email us at
I'm not gonna take this crap during this trip. ZACKS my friend and you have to get over it.. :/
We would love to, is this for a particular event?
I MISS YOU <3
What the heck I keep losing followers :(
BEAUTY TIP: Neutrals are in - nails, lips & eyes. Go neutral!
Starting the #paleo diet on Monday. Well, it's more of a lifestyle than a diet. :) I'm a little late, but I'm ready!!!
YES! lol and she bothered me on that show, too.
This Wednesday Dec. 7: WOW! Wailea on Wednesdays concert 6:30pm Erin Smith, lead singer of The Throwdowns, performs solo.
Good <3 You better love 1D! And bring me to their concert July 2013 with Ultimate VIP passes and then we can go get gauges!
May MCA forever be phony paper passin' at Nick's Check Cashin'.
WordRT Fearless Weirdos will probably have some shirts you'd like. Hit up She might be in the store.
Hear, hear! RT : this is why I am thankful for twitter, where my body language can be reduced to mere emoticons \o/
“Confidence is contagious and so is lack of confidence, and a customer will recognize both.” ~Vince Lombardi
everything is miscellaneous: david weinberger. again, finally. taking notes this time.
plus it could be in there or a month or longer if he was burning stored fat
Will be taking this blogpost to heart and following each step starting today. May email w/ questions and progress report.
Young black and wealthy...yea im guilty
No heels,No shirt,No skirt
I'll be behind the bar @ The hangar if your out tonight. 8203 broadway. ( I know your off tomorrow)
Party turned out better after all.... had fun!
2300 birds are found dead along Chilean shore; some injured: José Luis Britos, the director of the Museum of Natural history of San A...
Even when you're friends with them
I wonder how much their "facebook" features are actually used (status updates, etc.) Doesn't seem worth it to use them.
and he did things a righteous man would not approve of
Willis: comparing Sunrise to James Benning's American Dreams (1983)
You're amazing!!! :)
EOI is proudly donating food from & for 's Blue Santa breakfast tomorrow 12/2. from 6 -10am
Is it so hot where you are?
And then my mom is going to New York in a week :( why didn't my parents invite me?
Time to put this game to bed and listen to some indie rock. See ya in Lawrence!
Football and netball action
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific. ~ Lily Tomlin
i'm gonna find someone someday who might actually treat me well, this is a big world than it was a small town, i was a dreamer before you ..
let me know, get my number from
PUNK NIGHT at JERILEES Pub in Lafayette, IN - featuring PIPE BOMB (Indianapolis), THE ENDERS, & the CAN'T GET NUN'S - Friday, July 23- 9pm!!
I give up. You've changed over the last 5 yrs. I'm done trying. Good bye "best friend" this isn't easy at all!
There's no "Ain't No N----" on Illmatic.
D'aw, thanks.
Demi Lovato has a powerful voice! :)
Jon Kopp - utilize digital storytelling to facilitate learning and organizational change
Come on Rox!
really I just want things to be citable... and i think that can translate to attribution and maybe reputation if done correctly
RT ": As a #Capricorn Your ideal partner: Has a good sense of humor and is incredibly powerful and well respected."
I know, it's crazy! I'm beyond ready though haha
yay tuna casserole
I thought that was so lame - like what? "OW! You got glitter in my eye, man!!!" o_O
Nees a tactful way to snap photos of friends' #BadArt for my collection. House party had potential: lumpy women climbing & disfigured horses
ewwwwwwwwwwww u a nasty , stop thinking u hot
Too soon... you're so insensitive. Not the time or place for #SJ irreverence //cc:
Not just replacing coffee with green tea - conciously pumping it through myself at least 12 hrs/day. Formaldehyde for the living.
Playing tonight with , Tripping Dogs, and DJ Xibalbalola! We are on EARLY. 9pm 21+ FREE
purple would be cool
okay! I'll work on this (:
She got a deepvoice i mistakened her for Freeway lol
dude check out the coathangers. I discovered them today and I love them.
I just seen a girl in a Girls Gone Wild costume, is that really costume a girl at IU Bloomington really should be wearing?
Mad A'F
Tonight :30 , Come take Adult Salsa With Us Today , Only $15 Drop-In , Or show Your Class Card. Experience The New Era Of Salsa ! & Enjoy
being in charge of our Tweet specials,I'm officially inviting u & I'll be honored by ur presence spa (might blush too)
We better not get too excited about the BCS changes if they aren't implemented until 2014. Thanks for nothing Bill Hancock
And now... bing crosby!
I think Jedi's bury their problems internally and will all be in therapy later in life. Sorry #discussion at
I am really just talking to myself at this point. However, if I have to listen or read another digi pres panic, I'll scream.
Women have very little idea of how much men hate them. ~ Germaine Greer
yes, planning on it!
A commercial during the most exciting 10 laps so far? Not cool
with who?
Check out witness.org that outlines best practices for informed consent (if you want to tell the people you serve's stories).
morning mike. Hope you have a good today :)
I refuse to be disrespected....
I guess I'll be honest, I could use you around.
IKR I had so much this break. ugh!
Don't hate -
Heading home finally Long day
Sunday's taping of Long Shot Podcast was so explosive it LITERALLY set 's building on fire! COMING SOON!
oh yea it is! School is gay. It's all busy work, take me home. I could be asleep.
A few days ago, but there are leftovers in the fridge. C'mon over! ;^)
let's see, articles about placement , articles about ROI,articles about local engagement..that's our platform!
And therein lies the problem.
Mirror, Mirror on the wall who is the fairy Godfather of Downtown? I know I know it's sounds pretentious but someone just called me that...
it was for Louisville...
Oh.. Stop complaining over being single. Be a proud single, then you won't get heartbroken.
Bravo 2 #ArtisanFestival Incredible connection consumers to producers/products!
all I can think of DZ. those are initials.
So you put her on blast :0...
log on now b4 you cant get on the stream ;)
Very exciting! What are you working on?
today's gonna be a downloading day. got lots of movies i need. and while i'm waiting, i shall do my summer homework. oh, what a nerd i am.
if you're going to get mad about something that stupid and not talk to me then #GETOVERYOURSELF . Some friend you are, woww.
Wearing white pants is one of the top three most stressful things in the entire world.
Phooey on the building for cockblocking my internet connection!
Diversity Platinum shooting its first commercial today to be released June 15th!
you should really follow me . i think i would about die .
For me Plato is a high point in human development. Perhaps Aristotle. But Arabs and Persians were their heirs. Deep development occurs
+1 RT Jim Smith on proposed athletics budget: 'Florida State needs to decide if we’re going to be in big-time athletics or not.'
Your posts are still public. I must ask that you cease using Mitchell Airport and remove all posts immediately.
That first week is gonna be crazy bro, I got too much anticipation!
great webinar the other day on mobile web in HiEd! I'm very impressed with what W&M has done. Is there an archive of the webinar?
GOOD MORNING TWITTERVILLE
Albuquerque, NM (Pitch Engine) Feb. 29 2012 Upward Motion Personal Training delivers their Youtube™ video channel line-up company’s videos.
Better than nothing: via FCC Votes to pass (sort of) net-neutrality rules
smh! Boy was I ever... How are you cuz!
#JoeyDiamondFact joey has both his nipples pierced
just gave a follow to help him reach 10k
Hey can I get a follow from you guys? For my 16th birthday??? #please <3 love you
Love that you are spreading the word that Detroit = Opportunity City! Hope to see you March 31st!
I was thinking about writing a book about eternity but it would take forever to finish it.
going to get a few things done...then back to play in a bit.:)
Snooze. This speaker is making me snooze. I like the guy a lot, but damn. SNOOZE!
would you consider Bowie for solo and Ziggy Stardust stuff?
I wish I wish I wish I wish a bitch woooooouuuuuuuulllllllddddddd
Learned how to do a french braid!!:)
Who else has a shout out for their team? Mark your calendars,April 14 an awesome time for a great cause right ?
Sorry, I just haven't been on on Twitter today.
So glad to hear it! :)
Thank you Mr ;)
I know.....and cute
U.S. Stocks: #Dow above 13,000 Friday; propelled by robust earnings reports from General Electric and Microsoft.
yeah, im at the pre-show
Good time at and bailie's bday party. Right?
RT ConservaTeacherCommencement is NOT A DISCUSSION!! It should be a celebration of CATHOLIC VALUES!!
“ Heads up: Sysinternals updates coming Monday for Autoruns, Strings, and LiveKd.” Awesome!
was that you at that party last night?:b
Once you get by bum car on the side of the road, it's smooth sailing on 43 north near 894.
happy to hear...been checking out your SC page...wicked stuff!
event w/ ! Let the "How we Make Movies" fun begin!!!
On the bus about to go on a field trip. Ugh i dont even know how to ice skate. Lol hmj though!
#honestyhour: Why charge #Airline_bag_fees... why not just charge passengers by total weight (person + bags) since that's the real issue
Thnk u to new followers!
5:30 is super early, child.
. HYPE dance crew is popping and locking their way to substance abuse prevention! cc
dude you know how scary that sounds to me?lol you needa actually show me dude you know that -__-
RT With my luck, I bet if I was homeless, I'd probably end up with the shopping cart with the fucked up wheel.
Are they wearing red polo shirts?
my bad how so?
oh I wouldn't have been able to help I hate that show xD
Rules for the Shadow Mayor of Seattle: #1 Always walk just behind the actual Mayor and away from the side facing the sun.
hahaha I haven't charged it since last night! :p I figured someone woulda make a comment on that :p
Very nice late night TV tonight.
The passenger- deftones.... Forgot how much I loved this song
on the air at 615 on Channel 963!
There's too much opportunity out there so never give up, ever.
You guys did a great job last night! Now Good luck against PDL!
Haha I love how Switzerland isn't considered the real world :) Lol!
It's nice to know someone can lie to your face, behind your back & about you to other people.... Oh this wonderful world called life ! ;)
Yooooooooooooo!! When im older.... I wanna be with the most wonderful guy ;)
right na me and my righthand be off that BACARDI LIMÓN. thats shit get you just right and that shit taste good.
tomorrow at 10 in The morning I know your lazy ass gonna be sleeping x)
So I guess add Battier and Pittman to the list of people that will be taking the last shot of the game instead of
well thank ya :) Now I gotta feel for Vinny...look out tomorrow
HEY i just met you , and this crazy but heres my number so call me maybee ~ LOL i love that song (x
Today's beard is Mikolas Ales. Never heard of him? Go check him out on our site.
Hey girl is tonite hungry tiger n if so what time again???
thanks everyone who donated to the Lambchop show on wtju.net... You MUST TUNE-IN to the absurdly good line-up of shows on wtju.net
you're cute,follow me please<3
yeah, freeze any old veggie scraps - they all boil down to a good veg stock.
Congrats and good luck to one of my former bosses...Steve Lavin!
Discount Double Check Gets Double Stuffed
via : Determined to ease your minds as we set our eyes on the things that BUG you! If you have pests Please Call us at 214-918
- They said he took batting practice today and everything seemed alright.
unintentional awesomeness :)
But I guess she just called because she cared. I think I can finish all these damn assignments...it's gone take time, but imma do it.
So who is planning on seeing Friday The 13th on Friday The 13th?
What u guys r doing is amazing things all over the world! I came to Christ thru you!
OMG i went over tweet limit BUT IM BACK:D
haha very true! only true chicagoans appreciate the city rain or shine
TYB is like a regular daily walk for your brain, it is the regimen of it that I like.
- ok, but do we call you Mike or Natasha? hahaha...
Cool- I'm in Chicago until Sunday but maybe I can catch ya at Blue Nile. Hope to see you soon
Nate and Jake think that they just saw a UFO (aliens) They recorded it and everything...
I walked 5th street in Owensboro at 3am wasted with a 18 pack of bud!
V-day isn't even a real holiday. Just an excuse 4 guys 2 treat their girls like princesses which is BS cuz thats how it should be all yr
Ice cream sundae with caramel. :)
#TUFlive! Let's go! So excited!
Just saying but I called this shizz.
#digitaltext Don't forget that we meet at 10am tomorrow!
A good and sweet Passover and Happy Easter to all!
creative motivation: B regular & orderly in your life, so that u may b violent & original in your work~Gustave Flaubert
Generally agree, but a quick burst reminding voters of Obama adult actions may cancel out Romney's HS stunts, without blowback.
i love their hair dyes. i go to their store very often. you should see the people over there. they are amazing.
listen this is my 3rd attempt, and 3rd name, and I've already blocked myself, from myself and can't get it unblocked!
haha that's a real place? Where it at, homeboy? And please god tell me they sell t-shirts!
Good to know it's the coffee bringing it out. I was wincing and decided milk alone tastes better. This could be a good thing.;)
will you be later too?
Nice! Someone else hit me up this week too. I have 2011 narrowed down, just have to post. Hoping to do so soon! Thanks!
I'm working tonight, and just want to tell you that listening to you sing made me feel 100% better. Merry Christmas!!
Good day...pay day
I live with these songs in the absence of conversation...
How did it go?
Nice to see you last night - Sarah said the event is private but maybe you, Lee and I can go get a snack or something after?
We have Direct Connect with Bank's REOs for Pennies on Dollars for Commercial and Residential Properties - Email:
Why build a lighthouse in the middle of town?
last thing i wanna do tonight is have to say goodbye |:
SUMMER HAS ARRIVED EARLY....DECK AT SHOOTERS IS OPEN TONIGHT.....MY HOMEY KING.DOM IS GONNA BE THERE KILLIN IT ON THE TABLES....LESGO
Come to M100F to hear talk about advancing marriage equality
I will forever be an outcast, an outcast with a retarded penis.
My pleasure guys!
#lifewaseasy before I was born.
as long as they get the message I think it works out the same :D
quoth the raven, "#nevermoresquare".
Kane over Orton? Hm didn't see that coming!
It has been a nice break :D. Sounds interesting. I want to learn more about the human body esp. with my own health issues.
Have a great weekend / ¡¡ Pásenlo chancho!!
that's the attitude we like to see!
That looks terrific. Does peter get a sip?
Out of coffee filters. Only sell tea paraphernalia in this part of London. Venturing to Kentish, anticipating NYC effortless caffeination.
No love. All business. Living is learning. Becoming a man takes times like these. You ain't a boss if you never took a loss.
Here's hoping we get more THIS YEAR
good idea! ... taking note
Marcus you'n even gotta pay sht.. I know u don't!
I think Ruth may be my new favorite book of the Bible...
Stop blaming everything literally on me
The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him. Nahum 1:7
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Kid from the Trackmeet won't leave me alone.
Just got hit on by a college senior...... I look like I'm 12? What part of you is attracted to me?
We're doing a trunk show in Beaumont, TX today! I you live or know someone that lives in the area shoot us a DM.
Learn more about Hmong culture with resources from our Hmong/Southeast Asian collection at the Wausau Headquarters Library.
having so much fun writing tweets for the fictional characters in 5HE's intransit: #wink. it's easier than writing my own.
there are some places where you can just take some chairs and sit to watch but people camped out last night lol
Surround yourself with people that are only gonna lift you higher, because friends are the family you chose yourself.
do you think it would fit in the overhead?
now following young lady!
and I just called you!
Your account is sending spam DMs. You might want to change your password & check your apps.
My people, there is nothing new under the sun. Let's stop doing the same stuff and expecting different results. That's called insanity :-)
SPECIAL OF THE NIGHT- "Summer-Fredo" yum stop on by :)
Mrs. Amelia Preschool: Painting with Marbles
follow me @ frenchi2871.
LoL Nite Hun see you in a few, hopefully you get that time off!
come to the dark side!!!
no work today
you bet ...and that is the prooblemmm...lol
yep me too man. Still one of the worst feelings I've ever had after that regional game.
what haters do you have? O.o
thats the tradition. and dont think ive forgotten about my secret plans to get you moved out here...
lol who are you trying to fool? cause it ain't me
amen!! can't wait for Jan & season 3.
Working with the youth entrepreneurship network of Philadelphia teaching SEO and Social Media Marketing!
Enjoyed my first official taxpayer night! Went for a run after and I get home to see the O's up 4-0 on the spankees! Great Day
How've you been?
Does Brain Training Improve Cognitive Abilities?
you got big plans for.next week or something
yea lol it's a shame
if i could sing like anyone, i would sing like adele. if i could steal someone's talent for lyric writing, i would steal eminem's.
Who likes the new song we posted? Shouldn't be too long till the whole demo is out :)
reminds me of the car ride...
Attending day 2 of the latest FL Dist Learning Consortium mtg. Best wishes to Susie Henderson as she moves to #Educause. We'll miss you!
and i go hard in the paint.
Sounds like a good idea! May God shower you and your family with His blessings this coming year! :-)
Leadership is causing others to think in new ways about old problems.
Damn. Well-played.
Just gave $20 to a nice little slot machine that promised "Mucho Dineros!" in Vegas.
Haha! Nahh. :p Same here just tweeting away and being bored with no life. Lol.
Cannot be dealing with fanwars. Since when was being a fan a competition?.
El Cajon(: what school?
...in case you didn't realize I meant 'ur in' to mean 'urine'.
No spoilers! I'm an episode behind, but still: Totally agree.
that robot head was funny af i just retweeted too...
Everyone who's interested in Virginia's agricultural and rural industries should follow my friend Bette Brand:
Get your fill with #Tampico20oz! :) RT I need sum tampico
Deadlines and due dates and to-do's, oh my!
Our first show at the in almost a year is tonight. Music starts at 6. See you guys there. Bring your mom.
it was really quite stellar. He's a paragon of fashion
As member of the Illuminati, I approve this. RT Obama's hood looks crimson in color - that's actually the hood for journalism.
's got something different tho.
I keep telling ya'll I'm a virgin.
Did you just shout that wish to me or act it out? Either way, THANKS! ;)
Just came back from the rec
Happy #birthday to the father of Op Art Victor Vasarely! Search ARTstor to find images of his optical illusions.
I won't. But the station still sounds cool!
for sure! is she having a party?
need those dam sunglasses and ill be ready to show up at crime scenes
ya know what would be cool? If you followed me :)
Agree - such a tragedy that should have been caught by many points in the healthcare system. Prayers for all involved
I stopped following you guys a while ago bc idc & u say shit to piss me off so I'll do it back. Unfollow me.
PLEASE FOLLOW BACK!
If you are middle aged and still waiting for that knight in shining armor, settle for the factory worker in the Cadillac.
dirty little lasers
There's no way I'd rather spend my Saturday night then watching movies with my babygirl. :)
No for all three days
Hahaha oops, our stickers are tiny. Maybe we can rebrand this as "micro-promotion."
YO MARTHA STEWART ANSWER MY TEXTS
Real shit lol RT : i'd be the #dirtiest cop RT : If I was a police officer if be causing havoc .
#youcantellshesahoodrat I don't even hear her talkin I just see her head moving
perfect day for it! We hope you're having a wonderful time. :)
Thanks we need it!
Did I ever tell you that I had three pet turtles named Yoshi, Donatello and....Splinter? Yep. I thought I was funny.
I know, it has to do with STO.
Running the #MensHealth #Urbanathlon in SF on Sunday. For Tweeps who've done it, thoughts? Tips?
my friends amanda wills and colton chesser hates each other im chatting with both on facebook
#confession I hold a special part in all of my ex's hearts. Til this day I'm still loved by all
hey! :D how are you today?
Life still goes on I guess. 8 months...Eh.
It's true. There will be a Funch #2!
you mean to tell me you are that damn sensitive that some1 can upset you by wrds they TYPE on the computer...com'on son
Hey Direct Msg Tom felton and tell him to follow me please man he is so cool
Dr. Marcus Cosby just slaughtered the House!!! "Can I Get a Witness?!"
FOX News' Jennifer Griffin&hubby NPRs Greg Myre will be talkin Israel & the Mid-East on my show Wed 5.25 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
It's not hairstyling, it's "sculptural ephemera". Lol
Thanks for the
And that Miami run looked like the black team running away from us.
Waffriday? Anyone? Does that even make sense?
We're suppose to praise Wilf for an extra $50M? He has a condo that cost $19M. The Vikes are high-fiving right now, yelling "we screwed em!"
RT Thanks to more currents!
No matter who you are, it is so simple...a feeling...but it's everything...
me either :o lol
We were all raised differently.
My phonesignal sucks
sorry I had to dash! son to science experiment: catapults! It was great to follow you for a bit. Amazing, impornat conversation
Never ever will you find me more on edge than watching the lakers play game 7
I'm back at the zoo, this time to visit the Orangutan family.
Good morning USA!! Time to get the blood pumping and the oxygen flowing!! Gym time... My favorite!!
indeed you do :)
Benefit to coming into the office on my telework day? Lobstah!!
thank you
My daughter is over here singing "long heels,red bottoms..stay up stay up stay up" lmaoo
My Daddy Always Tell Me This....Don't let your mouth get you into something your ass can't handle Lmao
I'm just going to write all my feelings and thoughts out in a journal :(
I smelled the same thing and thought the same thought.
Mexico vs. Colombia, Spain, Brazil to meet in U-20 World Cup quarters
You have another cat!? You're such an old cat lady already.
Just got my gym membership!
I live so close! Like 20 minutes. (:
The Cross represents the victory that you have been fighting for, begging for, praying for. Own the Word. Those promises belong to you!
Anyone else heading to the Sundance film festival?
you won!
Your belief in the Bible, Faith, Your Christ,Your God should trump any decision that is put in front of you contrary to the word.
just 2 hours (: till you mind blow all the single monthers away!!
Whoa. Real smart. MT My online forum with Ed Blum and : "MLK in the Era of Occupy" bit.ly/yzVAMC,
Attention #AT&T : 4G on my iPhone 4S? Really? Still the same sucky experience. Change that indicator back and I'll respect your honesty.
aha okayy. Ill miss u in math G-Sweats:/
Thanks likewise
Shabazz Muhammad just dunked over UNC-commit Marcus Paige. Perfect score.
Clam Chowder today!!! Try a bowl for ONLY $2.99
Something Sweet ♣ -A
should totally go to Seattle again! ;D its a pretty awesome city.. i must say! :) haha
Thank you person who had the idea to create
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #radio because it’s the best in paranormal radio!
Out celebrating 2 years with , meatpacking-style.
IM BORED! haha I love how I delete all my tweets so it looks like I just RT stuff! XD
Mmmmmmuah! Much Love!
Who up....call me I'm talking shit tonight. 313-648-5753
now that the weathers getting nicer i wanna start waking up early before school and exercising. i just need running shoes b/c i cant in vans
"Budgets arent just numbers on a spreadsheet, they reflect our values." We need to invest differently.
#np if you
On the boardwalk at Venice Beach again. 's idea of crowd work: "Your bicycle helmet's on backwards."
ARE YOU SERIOUS? WHY LEAVE HIM ON THE FLOOR!! We are up 12 with a minute left. Kiss the championship goodbye. BYE!
it's not a huge story, but it's relevant b/c it provides a glimpse of who Mitt is. Something he doesn't give us in speeches.
demonstrating how dangerous it is to have uneducated people make significant economic decisions.
if only it was that.easy.
Great piece on CRASH. should pick you up.
yay, thanks for joining my Cyn needs a place to sleep and store her clothes search team
I can relocate anywhere in the US for your open retail position. See my website....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 53
HOLOCAUST HAPPEN NOW IN SYRIA.... IN THE LIGHT OF DAY....AND THE WIFE SPEND'S THE PEOPLE'S $,$$$,$$$ BLIND SOUL
At the #newsapps panel. Tough choice on next session: UGC panel that is very much related to my project ... or The Onion.
plant something in Organic mushroom soil... you wanna see something grow. Hottest, tastiest, hot peppers ever.
Yeah I'm going lol
Shoutout to the lets closeout the ps im havin fun sect 416
Trading in my Camry for a pontoon boat ... Wow ... Rivers instead of roads ... Be safe SA!!!
just make sure you keep that tension low on those box braids.
Special shout out to all my followers! Thanks. Hit me up with events in the harbor region!
I want breakfast RT : I really wanna go to breakfast but no one to go with
": now following #SB" #smashbrothers in the building #bmg stand up
it might just...just cry for a few years
Back words... No matter thoughts something's are still wrong to say but I guess I guess I just added on to the ruined situation I made
I just apply in 20 places today i hope they call me !
When it's my bday I prefer to give rather than receive, so for those interested I offer vip bottle service with me on Friday and Saturday!
That's right! Forgot u did #StarSearch #olympics year #2004olympics think also year #TomBradley #International Terminal opened @
I love so much<3 she's amazing<3
Ok, now I can watch the game :P
even ejecting a flash drive can turn into a nightmare
She sucking up your homies then kissing you the next day.
I could care less about your views if they aren't what mine are basically lol haha
But still, well oh well. Me too, can't wait for summer to come already, so done with this cold weather.
The difference between men and women. Women make their girlfriends feel beautiful. Men think about sleeping with their buddies girl.
We remember today & always the men and women who have served & continue to serve our country during times of war, conflict & peace.THANK U
I wish my back wasn't hurting so I could do whatever I want. /Sigh/ life is sad. ):
Nice! Shoutout by for the #refresh groups during #accessusummit conference. Thanks Mols!
When did vanilla ice get a show on hgtv?!
U just judged me and by saying we didn't know anything. You're quite the sinner aren't you.
Bronx pizza for dinner. So glad they finally started delivering.
Next show is tomorrow (Thurs) night!
why's that?
your welcome :D
just housed a bad of popcorn. truffle oil, parmesan cheese, chives, black pepper...its love.
is 2012 U.S. Master Tax Guide.
my dog is fully stretched out sleeping on the couch. not a bad first day.
Deng finally came to play !!!
You at the cocktail challenge?
People like to disappoint me.
FREE SHOW FRIDAY! Wild Tymes - St. Paul - 8pm
aww :C too bad! ..... Well at least check my videos ;D please :3 (kevito94miku) ~ you'll enjoy 'em, well i hope so .___.
me too lol
Back atcha, Bob! Sunshine and blue skies here in OH all week.
Keep on applying for the best game tester position
Wedding! Congratulations Tiffany & Ryan! Happy to share in this celebration!
Blogs are the perfect place to share & discuss conservation treatments.
Yeah me and my producer made a mixtape as a tandem I hope/know it will be well received. You know how I do workin workin workin
thanks for all the info! I'll definitely check out your boards
My firm has opportunities in digital...production, development, project management. And we'll treat ya right.
Yeah, when we're paying for dedicated servers we expect some kind of support...not "file a trouble request and wait 72hrs."
ill elaborate on that lata
- This lady Got On Some Phat Pharm Shoes ... HELL NAWWWWLLL .... THROUGH!
He means the world to me... Too bad he'll never know.
What a good day so far hopefully it keeps going!
so fun!! RT : had fun (and shopped!!) at tonight's party with & !!
Love seeing Glenallen Hill still in the game, coaching first base for the #Rockies. Dude used to hit majestic bombs.
Thank you for the birthday message! I've been on travel and haven't looked at twitter.
#3WordsForYou STOP!! HAMMER TIME!
Party was coo' forreal
i wonder where u at u havent Tweed nothing whats rong me sad tweet Logan makes me happy :-) if u tweet
hahahah my primary school teacher taught us that billions of times :)
Chef any suggestions who I should talk to atTampa cansino
Today we enjoyed the National Anthem as played by Shawn Maxwell on trumpet before passing two pieces of legislation on to the Senate.
well what kind are they, how old are they, are they fixed, and are they house trained?
What a fabulous forecast for Milwaukee Wisconsin! Warm weather is here … at least for a few days ;)
SHOUTS OUT TO ONE OF THE BEST FEMALE SINGERS POINT BLACK PERIOD
Merry Christmas a couple days late lol been running my behind off!
#Leprechaun it is!! *rubs hands*
ROFLMAO!!!!! And also Parker has more fans. Are you coming to Arizona this year?
My best friend and I still can't change clothes in front of each other because we've know each other since P.E. 1991
wish you were here, bro. Next time...
Detroit Rock City!
IF YOU ARE IN, GOING OR BEEN TO MIAMI IN 2012 LIKE THIS PAGE, IT'S FOR YOU! MIAMI 2012 :D
heel shopping in a few >
SO happy to be taking a mini road trip with my family to Fort Wayne! Up first: a baseball game :)
Off to sand lake
It's a great economic plan to spur growth in other biz-friendly states.
$140 of equipment and three weeks of anticipation later
Not all moms are as lucky as you to be able to finance their path. HR merely said you weren't the expert on women.
working on something cool. might need a bigger room.
Why not? I promise you, you will wish you did.
I'm at that stage now where I'm tired, don't want to gamble anymore, and need to get out of Vegas.
Just so lazy and useless.
Yea I was quickly reminded of that fact. So I'm still leaving town everyday lol
The Guggenheim museum in Bilbao Spain is the greatest structure in the world.
Thanks a lot for the RT
Thanks for that RT,
Hi Todd: Let me get back to you later. My wife is working with him and she has most of the info. I just jumped in yesterday.
Cut, cap & balance.
our tavern is open to host any & all films & commercials...check us out!!!
Why run, when #kettlebells will jack up your calorie burn at rest and increase your oxygen consumption, to improve your run?
someone told me yesterday my avi was creepy...
r even more:'( Stupid twitter shortening my texts
Finished reading book Rework in like three hours total. Had a choice between purchase of two biz books glad I chose what I did.
I don't know.
we don't have an app, but we have a mobile site.
Looks like I have to write my name on all my shit damn 😒
Hmm....I was surrounded by idiots in college. Well, I went to UW so what do you expect. Grad school was a different story.
Thanks! As we get rolling, we'll be sure to hit you up.
Almost christmas. :)
This girl said she is 19 but she looks like shes 34 though... that crazy!
The average human scalp has 100,000 hairs
does that mean its on its way, or that I won't feel it. decisions...
this is true
Thanks for following back! :)
Not lookn forward to that traffic coming back downtown....
Thank you for following!
Had an excellent show tonight with Creatuve Cauldron in Artspace Falls Church with Eureka hosting.
Lololol I'm a homewrecker of one night stand relationships
Maryland gets a run in the bottom of the 2nd after walk, throwing error and RBI single by Bustillos. 1-0 Terp lead after 2 complete.
The Christmas gift I just bought for my Mom just arrived....it is completely broken. What the heck am I going to do :(
#Quickisonfire looks like #TheLAKings r gonna get the broom out in today's game
Bookstore back on campus!
i dont know lol.. Just heard
Game 7 baby! Let's do this.
Questioning the universe......
Getting in game mode early.......I will not take a L. My team winning.......Warriors
I know, it's so overcast!
Thanks for the follow!
I'm probably blowing up your guys TL.. sorry...
totally just saw what you're talkin about
yO! how's island life? I'm homesick. -_-
two more days to Graduation ! yea, BITCH BITCH BITCH BITCH JFGAHGSAHG;HGA;HG
baseball in the bluegras bama vs uk time
#FilmTwit grades are calculated, finalized, and submitted. Tomorrow, #APTwit2. I feel like August was just a few days ago.
Oh hell no, Sarah Michelle Gellar!! Is that a tie dye dress!!!!! Somebody told you wrong!!
missed y'all tonight! Hope to see you guys next time!
well good morniung there
#imnotlooking for a partner , more like a bestfriend . Outside our relationship should be a bond thats unbreakable no matter what
What if a mirror is an entrance to another dimension and the only thing stopping us from getting there is the other us?
Goodnight To u to
This thunderstorm and all over body ache make me wanna order a pizza and watch movies. Instead, going to work a beer/spirits fest. Next time
Back In Action (:
Well that global AP was terrible lol
Cool. So What do want to talk about?
Hey guys, im looking for a social media/events/marketing rockstar in Chicago - know anyone?
It's almost time for the Pulitzers!
Your Taste Level Isn't Even At My Waist Level !
Thanks for the FF, Liv!
so 2 out of the 3 people I have a crush on like my best friends..... oh... okay </3
While college students can provide ABA therapy under the supervision of a BCBA, they are not qualified to develop comprehensive ABA programs
but the easiest thing? Building chicken sandwiches.
"Lois If God wanted me to not sleep with my wife he would have made me John Travolta" - Ouch, Family Guy
lawlessness? did you even read the article? these convoluted laws to "protect" us are taking away our civil liberties.
For every $100 spent at a locally-owned business, $68 stays in the local economy compared to only $43 if spent at a national chain.
I don't understand why a person would speak about something and they have no intentions of doing it.
Saw a preview of the new Call of Duty last night. Can't wait!
Now that the film is complete. We need some people to see it. Trying to find people that would be interested in seeing "Voices."
Expected snow showers leave dusting in
maybe because he's so amazing! Haha
I love that sound you make when you shut the f#ck up.
That tweet. lOl!
Dropping my hairbrush during quiet hours sounds like a gunshot. Which reminds me, I forgot to check Facebook today.
yea me too. Im watchin a movie
I concur on Floyd
Congrats ! You've won 2 tix to w/ & at TONIGHT!
you are a wild, disgusting animal. We love you.
Had a Six Flags day! (:
Ready for a win tonight!
I didn't see you last night so how is that possible!!!???? ;-/
Winning not always the major part of the game. Let my opponent exposes themselves entirely by showing their exclusive strategy
thanks for the follow :)
Tennessee wbb in a nail bitter with Kentucky. 41-37 #wildcats with 10:00 left in the 2nd.
That's cuz you ran off and got married and you're never here anymore. :(
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY! I'd call you if my phone wasn't dead
haha amen I'll be 🙏 for us both
“I pay these n-ggas with a reality check.” -LilWayne #John ( If I Die Today )
Man my tutor uses the calculator like it's a gameboy or something...
thats right girl!! youll conquer the world, just you and logie remember us little peeps. :)
: Check out my buddy new mix tape. Follow him for the link. Also I got a new track featuring him dropping soon!
or......walk outside!
where you at negro?
Whoa! Stay safe and dry!
Scientists should help make the invisible, visible - Shawn Lawrence Otto
But the Number 1 romantic Comedy has to be Brain Smasher with Andrew Dice Clay
RT : Where in the future might we most productively focus our research efforts, both globally and locally? from Dr. Levinson
#IAlwaysWonderIf someone can read my mind when I'm thinking bad thoughts.
Today, forgive those that have hurt you & forgive yourself so that you can walk in victory.
Happy Easter!
annoying ads dude >.<
Miami fl ! :D
Hate when that happens! Good luck!
freeresortbeach.info New Post - Which Varad.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <center
It is 9 degrees outside. It is April NOT January!
hah I'm playing. I went water fall jumping that afternoon and didn't make it back in time bro. My bad dude.
yeah.. Wat is ure favorite food?
that's a serious bottle.
i'm into making learning fun i think there are ways to learn material that for some learners may be more effective than reading
I'm not allowed to drink anything hot. But I want a frappucino haha. I'm seriously having the weirdest cravings. I'm starving.
Omega-3 Green-Lipped Mussel Extract May Benefit Joint Pain And Mobility Better ...: This unique environment and aquaculture contribut...
pumped to see you guys. RT : Thank you, Cincinnati! Indianapolis, here we come! Or,actually, we're here. Just rolled in.
I think it's safe to say that Wisconsin's political class is in a civil war, and the state's economy gets to be collateral damage.
Should not still be up...
3 minutes in and I am already crying.
HELL NO MAYBE LEBRON AND BOSH
Ha, via travel, yes! But now lots of exciting #MCN2012 activity to catch up on/prep for Nov. So much inspiration all around!
aww thank you!! You are sweet too!! Im listening to music!!
Hey Guys you should follow totally worth it!!!
OR IGNORE ME LIKE ALWAYS. that's cool too. Whatever. I'm getting off.
Been thinking about the #hillcrest #farmersmarket all morning. #foodonthebrain. Must.. have..
plzz follow me
Logging on to Google Drive, but no Linux support? Damn.
hey sorry for the late reply I'm on tweetlimit right now.
If you can't keep a promise, why won't you stop making them?
hey is big dave okay? Xx
Hey Camm!! Its been awhile ehh?(:
nice piece about love. completely resonates with my life experience.
Another Family Fun Day in the books. Now it's time for a marketing staff tradition, for season kick-off meal.
“It is not our differences that divide us, it is our inability to recognize, accept and celebrate those differences." ~ Audre Lorde
Saturday, May 14, 2011 Colinz Room, H.O.P.E., Jaybird, Shifty Binzer, Alan Marco, & Poetri, your host IT'S A PARTY!!! FREE! PEACE DAY 2011
Lmfaoo.. I would have said the same thing but im the youngest out of my family
Big weekend in the Big Easy!
he's the leader of a famous ad agency - it's his job to care what people think
& JR unpacking the tension btwn the public and private voice...& losing one's "platform" + validation.
Encouraged? I don't think so. I will not vote for him nor did I. And none of the rebups will get my vote either.
red bottoms all summer promise that yall ready :)
About to go get some Big Macks you feel me?! Let's go.
I just come out of shower, and yeah you can have your book x
was the maple syrup hike canceled? i don't see it on your calendar.
whats up beauty
#FavoriteNBAMoments Dirk's Mavs winning their first title. I'm #lakergang , but I cried.
Keep your heart 3 stacks keep your heart - these girls are smart
#OH: Person 1"Fireless. I am pretty sure it's FIRELESS." Person 2 "THERE IS NO WAY the 'FI' in Wi-fi is FIRELESS!!!"
RT True to our water signs we #Pisces tend to go with the flow & figure things out once we get wherever the waves take us.
Had a blast at the #dreamdrive today #dallas with my fellow #footballwives crew!
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
x24 Mexico. Earthquake in Japan, watching 2 see damage as also in room full of leading Japanese networking folks-global fiber can save lives
The IRS.
i want to go skateboarding or something but skate park is closed :(
Thank you so much for following me!! (:
#twitteR package in R is insanely cool
good thing I've got the internet to remember my stories, because clearly my mind is a sieve. btw, you going to #cwcon this year?
best. song. ever.
Define your business goals clearly so that others can see them as you do.
repping the Jets today. #don'tcare
#EverydayIThinkAbout where God has brought me from! #thankful 🙏
LOL Well I am ready to go for the ride.
There aint no rest for the wicked, till we close our eyes for good.
weren't you a 4 star? plus, it's all about money for who covers it. i enjoy following recruiting but its getting oversaturated
Jonas Fans Are Blessed!
That Clippers game almost made my heart stop. Glad for Bledsoe the last Grizzlies shot didn't fall, he wouldn't have lived that down.
So sad for her friends, family and the music community may she rest in peace.
Tv, two of my fave boys, and junk food! It's the little things that matter👌
haha word, i can't even collab with my right hand man!
shake it off and come back stronger than ever. we love ya!
No Birdman , youre not 5 star . you need to change yo ' twitter name
lmao it's like X rated though smh
Small group at my house in 15 min and I'm not even there to clean it up:(
thinking about getting a tattoo this weekend...hm
Surprisingly I'm Neutral To The Whole Situation .
<---masterbating “: Her: "do you have a type of girl?" Me: "No I don't discriminate. Those who discriminate masterbate."
*GASP* OLLY. MURS. this baby. What I wouldn't give to be held by olly murs..
Attention all Artist don't forget we are having the #HitMakerContest still @ dreambighustlehard.com for further info check out the website
If you missed us tonite be sure to check the schedule at 12daysofkissmas.com We'll be around town for 8 more days!!
Get up get out get something ! Dont spend all your. Time trying to get. HIGH ¡
My best friend is the someone who brings out the best of me.
great episode!
I would love to participate in more online #foodallergy support group forums in different cities. Facebook helps too!
Make some NOISE for Kristen and the Noise! Tonight
Feeling loved! Today, the #NewOrleans City Council recognized #Loyno for our contributions over the past 100 years. Go Pack!
lol does anyone else famous follow you?
Code Novak at Sergio Tachini site may crash the site- gets you 30% discount ;)
ahh i missed you congrats on your win :)
What was the most unusual service animal you ever saw being used to assist their owner? How did you react? www.crtasa.blogspot.com
That's nice. I pay $100 a month for my cell phone bill and it always shits a brick
UConn, Stanford, UNLV, Arizona, UCLA, Kansas, Indiana & Michigan have seen 2015 Dream Vision (NV) PF Stephen Zimmerman play this weekend.
Don't you need editors, book cover designers, and marketing? And don't authors want to get paid?
why the raid?
Oh, you're not only 8....you're in love? Is that so? Hahahahahah.
megan, megan, and megan.
888 Poker here I come!
and it fucking sucked. You have to pay for all food on the plane. Credit only, no cash. Its all expensive.
You are very welcome. It's always great to catch up with old friends.
#Glory is such a nice song from father to daughter. Every father should express that kinda love for his child.
I need some new bands to listen to! Any suggestions?
Always fun to share tea with winemakers. Today our friends Blosser. Thanks for making Smith Teamaker your field trip visit.
adam levine is amazing!!!
Price makes no sense, but the story speaks to all budding entrepreneurs.
I've seen the movie "Contagion" before. It was called "Outbreak."
love u too girl
Nice, both LA teams gonna lose in Game 7. LOVE IT
Just explained the difference b/t recommendations & mandates to all CDC mtg attendees & got huge applause!
I'm glad I don't work today or tomorrow c: I'm going to sleep like a baby
Can't wait til caps game tonight!
Dear #Hilton hotel room. I am ready to check in. Why aren't you?
"I'll have the chicken caesar salad without the chicken and the caesar dressing." - My Dad, to the waitress.
Here's the hashtag for our Eighth Symposium on Nov. 19, "Cyberspace and Civic Space: The Impact of the Internet on Our Democracy":
Finally! What was supposed to happen on Monday happens today. Leaving for a 3-4 day grind in Tunica in a few hours! 12 hrs i'll be playing!
Stepping out of the page into the sensual world.
happy birthday, gorgeous!
I am still getting my Twitter feet wet :-) This has been such fun. So much inspiration . . .happy to meet so many!
Getting a free #BlueAngels show, they've been flying over the house for about 30 minutes! SO COOL!!!
Question via +: do you think the current political climate will affect voter turn-out this November?
did you see Al Horford do the joe kwitek lay up???
Is creeping(: what a creeper!!! ;)
yeah, well, I'm doing it on my phone and don't have the patience to try & edit anymore.
big credit to patchwork by M's pen tonight, keeping the game within reach. also, to Octavio Dotel.
wassup wit ya
has this happened more than once? Did you try the "reset password" question mark?
Day 1 of training to run...again. I've got the walking part down. THat's a start right?
Happy #FollowFriday! Retweet and Favorite us to encourage your fans to follow
#MeAndYouCantDate because I'm too involved with someone already! it's called twitter. lol
Sometimes when I think about Jesus a lot, I literally don't know what to do. JESUS CHRIST IS JUST AMAZING. I can't even calm down right now.
wanna text me?
where the fuck is the 16? waiting over 40 minutes.
I know it's not exciting, but save yourself some some future hassles & ck your furnace filter... Or don't and call us in a month or so! :)
needs to come back into my liiifee
lol that was supossed to be a smiley face not a winkey face....
"It is finished!" (John 19:30) The debt of our sin has been paid for us by Christ.
Spinning, Clicking, Scrolling == (scratch) Reading. -Saper
It's been one of the productive days where I've accomplished a lot, but nothing that was actually on my to-do list.
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our upcoming Annual Conference in June!
Happy Easter :-)
well that's certainly an interesting development...
been ok .. busy with ows and stuff.. spent most of this week in the hospital, due to my diabeties
United Center is hosting Chicago Blackhawks vs. Columbus Blue Jackets game on Mon 26th Dec. We have tickets for you. Call now: 888-493-0004
I wish I could fix that for you, but expect rain to increase Sun afternoon, highs in the mid 40's!
I’ve cooked bacon. I’ve eaten bacon. Bacon is a friend of mine. Turkey bacon, you’re no bacon.
HI Bella!! HAVENT tweeted you in a long time. so i hear you are releasing a song! its a solo?
Rib night. 9.95 for the half rack and 13.95 for a full one. They are served with a baked potato and cole slaw. Pretty sweet deal for Monday!
Thanks for following,
im so late babes ... i love u. and im sorry u had to be put in that position Friday =(
follow back?
uugghh, saw the most LMSsy LMS today. Thought to myself, well, someone must get excited for Excel why not this?
Yeah, it seems like an excellent fit.
#unitedairlines Who has the time to unpack in the middle of baggage claim area and transfer to a rolling duffle bag you don't want?
Lil Mama I love you soo much Love from Canada plzz follow
Note to self do not order classic slice pizza 4 hours before bedtime
Omg, your baby looks like an alien... O_o
Way cool. I don't have an office per say, but most of my stuff is in the basement. I have a few things out, but I need more.
#Wholefood n El Segundo is Huge! Eatin healthy is expensive but being unhealthy will cost a whole lot more n the long run
ok y'all stay out of trounleX CYL ;)
Sometimes our actions speak before our words cause alot of times we react before we think or say anything.
Boyd and Jeff are working the lights during a night interview.
as would say, Awkward!! Good times
3 WI Remodeler Awards for #NARI are complete and ready to be turned in when I judge the MN Awards tmrw. 2 fire restoration and one kitchen.
Clearly needs to be a trending topic. Mom's being taken for #granite happens far too often.
What about "Shame and Regretista"? RT We can't for u to make a flavor known as "Mayne Event" or the "Oran-Gina Huljich!"
I guess I'll have to join tabbers anonymous - ta ;-}
THE HECK DID YOU DO, BITE HIM OR SOMETIHNG? lol
Big exciting news this thursday
yes. Except for Sat in Ft. Worth
sadly, no one to blame but all of us.
bish get back
lack of positive male role models in the immediate family. Which is a result of kids being born for reasons other than love
ready to hit the 🚲 trail with my girls this morning... but not until 9 so must. stay. awake. 😳
Delicious foods that could be prepared quickly or with minimal prep work that also are healthful. Would be a weeknight lifesaver!
“ Fellas: the most precious gift u can give a girl is the gift of your time and attention”
Mom just hooked me up with a Cardinals hoodie and silver and lime green Nike running shoes!
#ihateitwhen you're having an amazing dream and someone or something wakes you up before the best part
My phone broke and wouldnt turn on, then I dropped it and it worked again. Ladies and gentleman, I give you the iPhone.
Pockets are full, got all my things! Corn, Bread, Jam, Peppers, Tomatoes, Herbed Chevre, Wooden Toys and a Taste of India for dinner. You?
hey! Thankyou for following! :)
A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken
u okay?
I leave the hospital today. And I leave Florida tomorrow night. My phone wont work in australia. So see you in a month.. I come back august.
Why are there old ass people here shouldnt they be at home sleeping? i feel like my mom is going to walk in any second
i totally am following you are crazy and fun dude
I'd like to translate that to "When I act from the heart, magic happens. When I act with an agenda, nothing happens. Act from the heart."
Today was pretty brutal............Time to go home.
SPAIN. BTW, congratulations on your design work. Inspiring! I'll join ACCD this Fall for GradID. So excited! :)
Haha, thank you Austin!
about the same----started yesterday----got a jump on it!!
just kidding not really. more like every 3 days im tumblrin
Sounds great... count me in.
I should stop caring.
I don't think I'll be able to make it today. Not feeling too hot.
Could be. Not going to try and speak for every ID out there! Some are excellent and have no ID degree.
The Society will celebrate Maryland Day on March 25th. The Society's Marylander of the year will be announced.
phone is acting up. Time to say NNGB toLBsends xoooxc
Three Pitt Students Receive Goldwater Scholarships. That's 38 since 1995.
Ah, this is hard.
KFC would be everything right now.
NEW BLOG POST "Mike Gamms: Father of The Year?" about why I should never be allowed to have children. www.mikegamms.blogspot.com
So my elbows no better. Still in so much pain. Problem is we dont kno wat happened to it. :-((
truth i would say yes but in a calm way
Pregnancy, periods, breast cancer, being walked on, rape, harrassment, abuse; females go through a lot. WOMEN ARE STRONG.
Daughter & I @ del mar horse races 1st time ever. So exciting!!! 1st race-horses lining up. Wow!!
Cant believe Heavy D is gone!!! still shocked all the great ones are leaving us wow
Laughing at your mistakes can lengthen your life. Laughing at your wife's can shorten it.
"When your self-worth goes up, your net worth goes up with it." - Mark Victor Hansen
Thanks for the congrats & RTs
<pausing> RT : I've gotten my tickets for all three performances already! BRING ON THE PAUSES.
We appreciate the RT and hope u liked the article cuz we're feeling your music up here in Portland
How is your day going? Its a great day , any exciting plans for the
busy busy busy busy !!!!
Freedom n Village church combined good Friday service 7pm@ the village church's building (37th n Roland). Cya there!
By the by last night show went phenomenally. Thanks to everyone who made it out
Eddie Vedder just hit the stage and just fucked up his song!!!!
: something real cheap cause I ain't got no money fo real...you at work?
MR once asked MCA if he could recite the hillbilly rambling from "5 Piece Chicken Dinner" 15 years after recording it - he did it
#SPURS rip the Clips!...suck it griffin!
no matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up every morning thankful. somewhere else people are fighting to survive
*blushes* RT : I knew was in the building. Smelled adventure, masculinity, & intrigue wafting in the air.
Hahaha! That is funny. Hope you're ok though. :)
Going into a 3 hour meeting on benefits. Should be exciting!
As of tonight, Newt is toast.
Turn off notifications
That "Grandpa" had to have known what he was in for on Black Friday. WalMart created the situation, though. Tickle-me Elmo started all this.
A bride at her second marriage does not wear a veil. She wants to see what she is getting. Helen Rowland
Wisconsin Democrats say GOP complaints over Senate recall petition signatures won't stand, elections will be ordered
I hope we work together soon again ! :)
UPDATE 1-Advertising revenue boost for property website Rightmove
I feel nauseous. hundreds of posts all the way back to 2009....
STAY IN THE GYM NIGGA, WHEN YOU SLEEP SOMEBODY ELSE WORKING
Glad that we made your day! Have a great week, and thank you for following our tweets.
Yay! You're here... No one has all that interesting of a life. Tweet often. You're awesome.
Back to ballet after a week on vacation, let the grunting begin!
So then I was like "Oh yeah I forgot all about him", but in reality I think about him everyday.
So I'm clear 4:30 am is the new 5:30??
yeahh I can I'm bored in the car doing nothing
troy bold dog over bold
I love
Shout out to - GREAT CLASS @ Actor Comedy Studio in Hollywood. If you're an actor - definitely check this place out! Great ppl!
