Books: art collecting for the middle class.
I don't know. Which scares me haha
it's fun hitting the road and meeting locals across the country! Thanks for the mention in your tweet. /Cc
omg that means when I see you and we go to the movies or something I can have wifi 😊
Listening to talk about #transparency policy in the
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
Just watched "In Time." That's 1 hr 50 minutes of my life that I'll never get back.
whoa whoa whoa - another TICKET GIVEAWAY FOR ST. VINCENT on "Bad Blood" tonight from 11pm-1am?!? scooby doo!
Not at Confab, I'm guess I'm interjecting myself into a conversation. Twitter kills my sense of manners, perhaps?
I'm loving it SO much. :D Couldn't be more of a 180 from the firm (aka hell)!
u never tweet me.
happy birthday! And thank you for sending me wishes on FB! We are both Aries! Love it....explains a lot!
seen me call her ass
then don't go... duh ! Lmao
The school show for #Amahl. I'm sitting back stage in the pinkest outfit I'll ever wear my entire life. What we do for art. Sigh....:)
Hugs! I know you love them.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye. -Antoine de Saint Exupery
Hey guys. I was wondering who tweets the most from the band's twitter account?
How come?
Open to life on a whole new level.
Whenever someone spells something wrong, I always look to see if the two letters are close on the computer keyboard. :D
It's all happening.... 16 days till
Everyone come out to the FFC in Louisville tonight to party with us!
when was the last time the #Mets and #Yankees were both PP due to weather in the same day/different cities
GlobalCrucible page has surpassed 5k new GlobalCitizens, welcome to the family! in
At Memorial Union for a concert. (, to be exact.) I have seen three guys dressed like Richie Tenenbaum so far.
#808Pride always have friends who will fight for you if they dont dont trust them
Is gorgeous day in Milwaukee!
How about Monday?
I should have brought a second shirt
did your experience happen because you're so hot or because there was a short circuit with the wiring?
Tonight... my roommate and I are going to be in the same room as Alexa Vega. I'm pretty much okay with this. Thank you roomie!!!
HAVE YOU VOTED TODAY? VOTE FOR "SOL POWER (A IS FOR AFRO)" IN THE "ARTEXPO NY, NY ARTIST CHALLENGE" ---> THANK YOU FOR YOUR VOTES & SUPPORT!
Unfortunately, we don't have any vegan waffles right now. But we will pass along the suggestion!
#lessambitiousbooks Angels in the dugout
Good morning boo :)
Wow, do you ever sleep? Isn't it 4am where you are?
I already like it!
Memphiz n May can't wait
What payment options (besides credit cards) would an online printshop cart offer?
Th hardest part of dreaming about someone you love is waking up seeing that person gone.
Thank you for sharing and CONGRATULATIONS! #IDODI Global Finals will be amazing this year!
U'll never guess where Mackey is... Boys to Men concert, free stage, MN state fair. I kinda feel bad. But wowy david bowie can they sing!!!
Oh derp I never saw that tweet. SOWIE.
"what fine twat did he deem so worthy?".
Lunch with my boy always a great time..
Perfect for a #hike! RT : #SantaFe Forecast for Tuesday: Mostly sunny. Highs in the mid 70s to lower 80s. West winds 10 to...
I need a get away forreal. Like why is she rushing me smfh
Artists looking for #hiphop #beats please visit http://zerobeats.com, Instant delivery, high quality, discounts, contracts, no tags! THX
Satire, yes?
Thank you Belle :) Here's a very big hello along with a hug & kiss just for you! Mwah! Hope today has treated U nicely! :)
Great to meet you last night, thanks for recording my sketch! Will let you know when it posts (prob about a mnth). Cheers!
#codeforoakland attendee suggests we should create a central hub where people can find all the Oakland mobile tools. Good idea!
Oh the irony. So thick. “group of nuts and lunatics and fascists” (Karl Rove on OWS)
my friend haha
hm...ok. getting dressed to leave now.
I'm lucky so support a gentleman with so much #class like you. <3
lol.. u gotta be smokin that loud
do ya thing girl . them tats is whats bangin tho .
Thank you. i don't know if she'll actually use my quotes or not, but we'll see...
Los Angeles
Now I see why dante jones dunk on 2k is 99
everything of course
diesel trucks are hotter.
The Boston Stock Exchange Building is NOT depressing. You should see all the creepy passages in that building, epic.
follow me back please?
text the phrase cashtexts 10917 to the number 69302
You don't need to install a program database. What we're doing is simple enough that it autocreates.
That moment when you put mascara on then you sneeze!
Program your DVRs!!! We'll be on this Thurs morning. Be sure to tune in!
why don't you just flap your arms and fly up to see ?
Adding the 2008 8 Chains North Furnace Mountain Red to my Drync cellar!
sounds like your stalking me.STALKER
Thanks for your responses to 's query. Nice to see Twitter synergy in action. Cheers, Mark
Con que corazon? :-D
Oh that is just a bowl full of nice.....
LPM is doing GREAT Things with Scottsdale BGC!
Looks like #sandiego wine country came through the Hail ok! buds are happy and intact. whew.
I thought we must turn things off & take out earphones to avoid distraction during takeoff/landing, the most risky part of flight
i actually like that Pandora commercial
it's on. Guess I'm gonna sneak pics of u and tweet them! Great idea
RT - WES WELKER of The New England Patriots is coming up at 7 with The Hill-Man Huddle!
i told you earlier lets go to the northwoods movie theater!!!
i attempted to post that when I got to the game... I guess it didn't post until now
Ruther: with a detailed laser scans + 3D printer, can produce accurate replica of historic structure
Ready for a fun weekend!!
"If you don't look good, we don't look good. Vidal Sassoon." Hairstylist dead of natural causes at 84 at his LA home.
Beatles win hands down in my book. Not even a contest. The Beatles were much more versatile and much better writers.
If #ShabazzMuhammad played in the #Pac12 that would be amazing. If he pulled a mind trip played at some place like Delaware State...
still, i rather have an equal cut than lets say i win the fight but the loser still gets more money than me, feel me?
Giants fan?
I appreciate the things you do for me even though I might not show it.
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she knew how I sexual really am.
it irritates me when people say "oomf", just tell them.
RT : . "Lordy I hate Rand Paul." May the Aqua Buddha impose Karma upon Rand! #uppers |Good one!
Jeff McBride Mistery school Monday night tonight at 10:00 PM Eastern standard time at www.McbrideMagic.tv
PS - if anyone asks me what our theme is, that is totally what I'm gonna tell them now.
For the first time in franchise history, the Grizzlies win a playoff elimination game.
Stoked for band practice tomorrow w/ and Too bad iz bitch ass can't come.
: Working on some smashes. -Every writer ever
Hoping everyone had a great weekend!
Happy Birthday Marines! We owe you more than can be expressed by my little Tweet.
Can't play conservatively against a Brady-led offense. Especially on 4th-and-1 with Tebow running the offense. That could come back to haunt
I woke up to support from a lot of people telling everyone to follow and check out us today! I can't thank you all enough <3
VaLINtines Day Massacre!!!!
summer jobs for Alaska Natives, Am. Indians, and Kanaka Maoli age 18 - 24, at the So Cal Indian Center. check the youtube vid:...
Detour (1945) tracks a darkly handsome piano player with the bad habit of leaving dead bodies behind, as he drives head on into a dead end.
Post thanksgiving dinner all up in the Carabar walk in
“Art is when you hear a knocking from your soul — and you answer.” ~Terri Guillemets
Anyone trying to play catch later or what?
At #CapitolPregnancyCenter with & to delivery strollers and volunteers to help with painting!
how did you learn English so well? I know people in France speak it a little but you're very good!
Thanks. Roll Tide is appropriate for all occasions, even when the priest almost passes out during the prayer of consecration.
Did you figure out how to turn the cheddar bay knowledge into actual cash??
Still giddy over the #Cavaliers win tonight...
yessir...trash fuck around and start donating plasma
Sometimes the strongest people in the morning are the ones that cry themselves to sleep at night.
seriously the sweetest thing I have ever seen :)
is it working?
Midlakes Basketball: On our way to Pal-Mac...let's keep this season going!!!
When you cant even turn your phone down because youre getting pumbled by your womans tweets
omg i just wanna live in a jane austen novel
I have 'a cat-centric version of "Let Me Be Your Star" stuck in my head. "Fade in on a cat…. with a hunger for fish…"
Thank you for the mention! :-)
thursday! almost spring break >>>
“: all i ever wanted was someone who will stay , no matter how complicated i may be ...” Exactly
king taco ..3rd and ford or Caesar chavez
aw that sucks butt ! America and countries should be able to watch it too :/
Looking forward to Scandal, yes yes yes!!!
i don't know about me but i know about you
If you need a bad bitch let me call a few.
Might rain and it will be windy in Las Vegas. Doesn't matter I'm pressure washing indoors tonight. vegaspressurewashing.com
hahaha!! There's a hot guy down the road with a sign that says "spare a job". Should I fetch him for ya too? ;)
Great point! Thanks for the reminder :)
Who has a Madison Live feed to the Rotunda?
what is office etiquette for carrying Prep H to bathroom? it is a thing that literally goes in my butt; should I hide it or have no shame
My hand is messed up because of byron. never playing scorpion again.
we're both cute thinkers! lol
Especially some more #TeamOrlando followers
#ThirdDegreeMerch well, since you said please..
It's time you take #basketballwives off the air...there is no way you are proud of this monster you created.
Why did you bother responding to this noise?!?!
Age 23, blasting Cursive's "Domestica." Yes, actually. Fuck yes, even. Listen to music that made you feel things at 15 again, everyone. Now.
follow me you twat
just got back from running three miles with the high school team it was already hot out
In Denver on the way to
how do I change my font to webdings?
Going to a third OT in DC! Let's go Rangers!
Thanks for the follow!!
We take the time to learn about the needs of our clients and prepare a schedule that will make you feel comfortable
60% of traffic on convince and convert comes from first time visitors
Ha! True. It's like writing a date on a check after the first of the year. Old habits die hard. Oh wait, it's not even old yet.
Yayyy is coming to my house tomorrow to finish making the boyz presents!!! :D erika turn around and shut yo mouth omfg lmfao!
lol wat a ginger fetish u have!
At the Stogie shop posted.
you in Canton with #SwaggyB yet?
Have faith.
+ last night = one amazing show. Thanks for the fun! had a blast.
Sunday OFF!!! Priceless
#HardRockRising underway for Round 3 Tara's Fire up now bringing a #DropkickMurphys vibe - Come
I don't think so
If you have a good personality theyll blank you no matter what
oh gawd boy(;
I dont know how to respond when you are brought up in these conversations..😒
It was good to see Mr. Montgomery! Next ones on me!
Out of the UB with TT, hit trips but guy rivers a straight on us. Nothing we can do there IMO
Good morning world - rain or shine I'm making today mine !
DICK-RID·ING² [dik,rahy-ding] - verb. || The Act of Continuously OVER-praising an individual, with the intentions of being noticed.
Happy Cinco De Mayo. pollo tacos,patrón, And Coronas.
so u not following me back?
Jane Eisner of leading the brainiest panel of the day "Was Amsterdam the New Jerusalem? On the Fragility of Community"
Today starts my yoga challenge with RT . 30 yoga classes in 30 days. Here we go!
I love old movies!
I wish I was one of those people who didn't give a fuck.
The doors to the Blue Cue are open!! Come on in for taco, tequilla, and margarita specials!
Thunderstorm knocked the hotel power out.... In January. #whereamI?
Ross and chandler were cute when they started friends.
Happy Mother's Day to Everyone...Mothers, Aunts, Grandmothers, etc...:)
I'm BACK!!!!! Someone HMU! Who misses me! ;)
At the Civic Center of Greater Des Moines seeing the faux Beatles tribute band/show. Save your money! Download the real music instead
hey, you should give us a listen! we're new to vegas but not to music :D
So 3 peeps in diff areas want to see me today like I'm a silly ho....
Who is the scientist?
Vintage shopping quest: Pasadena, Santa Monica, Hollywood, Burbank thrifts, flea mkts, vintage fairs...finally found the kid's Prom dress!
up to the right is me! I'm searching for you!
He's been hearing that crap ever since he was at UCLA.
Also, thank you to Chandler for one of the most spectacular beer selections ever.
Catching up on my sports news watching on espn2 just made my day
Thanks the artists that we get to work with. Their great talents make great tunes possible!
Go there! Bring me an filet oscar please and thanks...you know I only do rare...
Sippin' a seabreeze in the lobby before #CO Symphony. A gr8 place for people watching, a fav pastime. Jeans, formal dresses & eclectic. Fun.
how about PERFECTION? ♥
fair enough.
A poem: chillin with Lindsay, she lookin so fansay, take this bottle o alizé and tickets to ordway, it's gonna b cray cray
MIAMI WEATHER IS NUTS TODAY!!! Surf is up and I'm stuck inside working LOL!
Hiya #libchat, I'm Leah, a Reader's Advisor in Chicago. Also first time participating, so YAY!
whats up kyle - how ya doing
yeah but at least I'm done with half of my classes... :P
Tnx + for RT, MT + all your work!
ostensibly the not knowing was what compelled its members to convene.
bro... I got 2 #matted black pairs. get yer shit straight.
The blindside >>> hercules
Evanna i saw your audition tape on youtube. It was so cool and i think you knocked it out of the park! Luv u ~ cathy xx
Oh and morning everyone 
hey guess what? I'm almost done with school. aaaaaaahahahahahhaah...and you aren't!
we opened up with Dayton yesterday.
mark brown almost just hit two people hahahahahahah
Thank you! Hey, I read somewhere that becoming a naturalized Midwesterner is approx. an 8 yr process. Gettin closer every day!
you damn sure couldn't run with him in the "brains" department.........you turd
Bob, do the Pacers have a chance VS the Heat? Are they the forgotten team in the playoffs or will Miami roll?
retreat my hockey stuff now?
it's going to be a big nothing, but mostly bc everyone's making it a big something.
Rad... if you're an aspiring Disney princess. Otherwise just bad.
He has that right! "I was a veteran, before I was a teenager." - Michael Jackson
thanks for the #ff !!
Meeting done. Now at he bar with and
Yep, will be emailing you today. We are super excited to partner with your restaurant :)
Love her RT : Oprah once said, "Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you."
grape big league chew is so yummy
Every morning I wake up happy cuz I know I'll see you. Every night I go home crying cuz I'll have to wait until tomorrow to see you again <3
it's the designer water!
How am I not trending above ? I can't get any street cred without this. Check that algorithm!
Just make it as creepy as possible and I'll read! <3
Sorry I missed your tweet. My email is
Wat is the best upgrade to a nokia tmobile phone
whats up though world
That #awkwardmoment when the girl who talks the most shit says she hates 2 faced people...
Dad's networking protip: "get married, double your contacts." Mom: "Polyandry."
I'm almost to 1000 tweets!!!!
Welcome to Twitter!
I try and stay away from imagining disastrous scenarios; and visualize what I desire and allow my thoughts to dwell on it in peace.
YOU SAID ALIA AND I ARE GAY. Wtf I like dick. But Alia on the other hand.... LOL
I'm going to PA too to kick my brother's arse as well!
that's the answer I was hoping to get from you ;-) I'm cool,I got off work super early so I might try to catch up on sleep
TBH I only like one person right now and all deez other hoes are irrelevant.
please tell me I can purchase one of these next show
RT : Thank you both for your leadership!! too!
I've said before that my life is just one big awkward moment. + creator of awkward moments = awkwardlicisouness
It's only Tuesday?! JK! Have a good one! “: happy tuesday lacey
If you're not already #FF ..Great PR advice!
sp that means that Diva matches will go from being 3/12 minutes to 4?
1 month wait after order to get #att #uverse installed, but had to miss the appt due to car issues. Next avail date in October!? CANCELED.
This one's easy to answer: Lil Wayne's How to Love.
Yes! So are my colleagues. cc:
In conclusion, if you are serious about giving Twitter a chance to make money for you, TAP Profit Funnel might work for you too
FREE Monthly Worldwide Solunar Best Hunting Times and the Best Fishing Times Forecast and Prediction Tables
I still don't have it. maybe b/c I haven't had a new sale since it was rolled out?
Boys that are smart >>
bo. But better luck next week, right? And practice was still super fun.
I track my calories using myfitnesspal.com. Do you track yours?
Don't leave the person you love for the person you like , because the person you like will leave you for the one they love .
It's on FOX5 in the DC market. RT : Catch me on today at 4pm. We're doing an Italian meal makeover.
Our page has a new look! Hope everyone likes it...
So true it's disturbing RT: Battlestar Galactica + Portlandia = One fracking awesome sketch that you can watch RIGHT NOW:
Thanks Darren! #FF Hope you're doing well. :)
Thanks for tuning in! Go to our website in 20 min. to see a slideshow of all of the winners, complete with info about their jobs
Nope, staff mtg. I think I've spent over 10 hrs this yr listening to lectures abt time sheets. So pointless!
Well guess she aint getting it done then.
HELL YES!!! WHERE-AT??
People ain't original no more that shit is problem to a nigga who dont like losing
“: then lets go with smaller portions sizes=less calories and enjoy!! #latism”
How's day 5 at HTC? Change is better than a rest, right? Hope they know how lucky they are to have you :)
RT : Ted in first! Crowd is going CRAZY!!!!
Nothing turns around a crappy day like an assortment of delicious goods and even better company.
That was a legit dance!
Sorry, I don't know what the fuck you're going on about so I'm casually never replying back to you lol have a nice life
will be at the Tree's joint.
Furious at Cascade High School. My brother got suspended for protesting. What has this world come to?
I totally just saw you there! I even did a double take and looked at you as I walked out the door but I wasn't sure!! Haha!!
This vegan broccoli leek soup is missing something. Let's put cheese in it!
then get over here fuck the party or pick me up u.u
Sorry. I was trying to find the email of the current EIC and you came up high in a google search.
:o) glad you liked the song.
But if you're over age twenty-one, your life is what you're making of it
i can tell when is doin da dirty because i get played back in scramble with friends mwahah
oh yeah
ha yea that's her. Funny how many ppl see her and know its my lil sis.
I made a commitment to completely cut out drinking and anything that might hamper me from getting my mind and body together
you good?
More men die of jealousy than of cancer. ~ Joseph P. Kennedy
Yes, but was fun party hopping with you in SF. Next weekend, it's Meatpocalypse time!
nice one:-)
Just chill out! Everything's gonna be alright! (^_^)
what's crackn lady
Bay Circuit Trail (BCT) planning is going well. Just met with Allan French BCT Chair & Trustees of Reservations - our project partners.
straight up
lmao yeah ok :P
please follow she is you biggest fan!93
Cheers, D.! Enjoy every second of it :)
The DMIT crew's eyes are fuzzy from computer screens! #Optometrists in #SanDiego, we're looking at YOU to run a deal! DM me if interested.
haha, I'll be 18 when I graduate:P
Only got 4 hours but I ain't trippin, cause I get to go to sleep early tonite #:)
not my fault you can't walk worth shit!
Star Battles
i just wish he would say 'im sorry babe, please forgive me' but i guess it doesnt work like that..
SCT Study Away will be in Mitten Hall today and tomorrow from 1-5pm for TempleFest! :) Stop by for a chance to win 50 FREE Diamond Dollars!!
#GamerPickupLines do you play world of Warcraft because you made me say wow
Our last tweet was brought to you by New album in stores now!
have some mens health.... where do i send them?
I just updated my gear! I think I will be able tweet better!!! Aside from nausea, it's a good Monday!
Thank you for the Retweet!
Welp might not go to the 99 after all... Shidd idk what im gonna do.
shut up!
Thanks for the RT!
I wish they'd have concentrated more on the games themselves.
6 months ago...I last updated my twitter! Wow!
Don't give up on that song idea. It'll work if you stay with it.
As a product of the 80's I found it difficult not to giggle when teaching Bauhaus furniture & explaining benefits of tubular steel
You too! Just checked out Poker Girls, excellent job!
My mom and dad were gonna let me register for HilltopHigh late but today my verification papers from Otay came.. Bye bye hilltop :(
Can't book my trip home 4 xmas - site keeps crashing, voice prompts don't wk at 1-800# & I'm waiting 30min+ 2 talk 2 a rep :(
In the horribly ugly, brutal NHL playoffs, this was a clean and great series. Still ... Grrr.
great. thank you.
They keep adding And.... -__-
How can wartime tactics of interrogation be scrutinized under civilian and criminal law? I was under the impression that wartime called for
Chicago: Your new gig could be with us. Come to our open call tomorrow 9am – 1pm @ 2711 N Clark Street Chicago, IL. Hiring for all positions
Awesome! I'm so glad it was a hit. Don't know if you've used any of my curriculum yet but it's fun.
Do not fear death, but rather the unlived life. You don't have to live forever. You just have to live.
I hate when I tell people something and they don't listen and what i said will happen happens. Especially when they asked for my opinion
look these anti melo fans are crazy. When has he been on the better team 5678. Seeds don't win too often in 1st rd
shit they tryna throw 8 at a nigga but u tryna shot for that 2 and proll the rest out so u did a year in county time so thats like 5 month
#ManRules ....well you should know them by now right?
'Undesirable Elements' is a mixture of social change, journalism and theater.
Tiffany's house today (:
Stay warm, go Badgers!
I think it's just because I got on his Facebook and made a couple comments acting like him as a joke. Lol
Gettin excited for the 2012 PGA season opener tmrw! I have a feeling that is gonna have a great year! Good luck DJ!
suck a dick
Does this text really mean anything ...
yeah I'm here now
It's a red letter day. And those red letters are: F U
I got a real living room now, studio station, stripper lounge, I just need pictures now
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable--Donald Trump
Thanks for the follow Shannon!
;D so whats up?
Don't forget we are closed for a private event tonite.
Hi , is the "State of Culture Report" available somewhere?
Mother Jones is great. And I've been very well! Hope you've been, too.
i think u need to come to kalahari with me
Heading back home to Atlanta. Miss my awesome son & beautiful daughter in law. Oh yeah and my big ole german shepard, Nana!
would like to see that too, by the way...
Play me, please. KyleCasey1
I want risotto!
i dont think so :/
YOU AL, GO FOLLOW THEM :DD GO NOOOWW oh and on fb c:
Won my first week of Fantasy Football... Thanks #TomBrady!
Planning ahead for the #4thofJuly? We have just what you need to show your red, white, and blue spirit! You ready for some fireworks?
Ugh. This makes me sad. Did you catch his DJ set at The Whistler awhile back?
Fine self..
Saved by the radio! #BTFU !!
Or was it Joni Mitchell?
What makes you happy during the holiday season?
no he's not D; and he lives in aurora!
Son of a bitch there I go again
Taught me its important to fight for yourself, for others. Fought Drs., hospitals, admins, still does. Guess thats where I got it.
Ventura Co jazz fans follow.
WI residents have repeatedly asked you to do yours too! BTW, threatening to cause violence in WI streets is immoral.
sunday brunch? My flight isnt until 5pm
love you!
loved that commercial
Aww thanks! <3333 I just took a small leave so i can finish this cleanse.
Laundry is the process of living days with mental anguish towards a pile of fabric, usually resolved by paying a wetting robot.
(coast)er
Best night ever *all smiles* I cooked my man dinner and we enjoyed each other <3
I hate LaLa ask her 2 lesbian friends advise about her marriage
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina The Man With One Red Vagina
That night we pulled over to watch the 2am fireworks bc it perfectly matched how we felt.
Flying back to LA on and is on my flight.
Go for it, Julie. Best of luck. And hard work, of course.
I love your hair
CNN story quote: 'being from Oklahoma I never experienced anything since last year.' what?
Funny! POTUS pool report: "It would be cool place for chase scene for the climax of a movie thriller."
yup! Our team is kicking butt and taking names
Very invigorating! Enjoyed #ideachats today (& always)!
gsmpropertiesllc www.plugintogreenprofits.com/?id=3006 On how to get your $135 this is no joke, fyi
Okay, and so I'm guessing everyone knows I LOVE Rachel but of was filling in and was AMAZING! T/Y !
On my way home, #workflow is over.
Miss you!
Nothing like having random old lady say to me, "Girls won't like your beard; it scratches their face up. Used to happen to me all the time."
haha cuz, its good shit to know, spread the wealth of sexual knowledge!!!
mos def man, you got a website or something with more of your music?
My phone on that stupid shit so if yhu wanna fuck with me hmu on Facebook or twitter
you are so hip. Grantland Rice would be so proud.
Peeps hate on Drake coz he's hot right now, that's what haters do ! x
Aye u look gud from a far...but up close....u far from good....
Dach Need to find healthy ways to eat without it costing more. Need to make it easy.
Rice park hours are on our website! winter-carnival.com A lot of melting happened the past few days
if im louder, would you see me?
Wow I can't believe Jonathan Quick let in a goal from center ice.
I thought they do cumulative market shares, no?
White castle by my house now caters. Who's trying to give diarrhea away at board meetings?
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
At writing about natural disasters workshop at #TFOB. Excited to hear Timothy Egan.
I'm so so confused! lol
Umm, interesting use of the term "sexier".
there's no way I'm getting my grades us by the end of the year....
Rule #1, no politics on SB. Plus seriously reckless ad RT Hoekstra Superbowl TV ad in MI Senate race really, really dumb.
#EmployeeBenefits-Linton & Assoc. offer a variety of product lines with an array of carriers. Call (505) 247-1530 for additional info.
It's amazing that the people here believe in me! They see my potential already!! :)
Ready for the #CCAM12. Exciting year for Cbus. Much to celebrate & lots more to do.
Good looking out on the #FF!
Just Because ONE Thing Doesnt Go The Way You Wanted It To Doesn't Mean Its The End Of The World!
you wanna get real aggressive ATB is at the mid tomorrow
Very enjoyable 5 mile run on the soft horse trails with a friend.
In the Republican Pledge of Allegiance, they leave off the "with liberty and justice for all" part.
If you do wx, you should toss to yourself. "Jason Newton has our forecast. What's it look like, Jason? Well Jason, it looks.."
Thanks goodness for Taj Gibson!!
Join our ADAPT Shamrock Run team and save $5 on registration. Just add team 9123 when you register. More info to follow.....
Just found THE best gift for my niece
1:54-1:58 was that girl on America's Got Talent or some other show i remember her from somwhere?
Wowza - great day today. Thanks to all the Casting Directors who've posted notices with us today!
In the school's fancy-ass theater watching West Side Story with my students. All that brown face makes it perfect for Halloween.
Can't wait!!
Dayton wants jobs bill and bonding bill passed this session to get Minnesota's unemployed workers back on the job.
School is so boring!
Energy and imagination are the springboards to wealth creation. ~ Brian Tracy
People are people and sometimes it doesn't work out.
Hanging in for and but I'm sleepy
Get your WinterFest pre sales tickets from our friends in Watch Me Dream. 2 days for $20! Contact jesse: myspace.com/jonathondavis5991
I NEED A GIRL TO TREAT ME RITE AND DONT LISTEN TO THE OTHER BITCHS
Thanks for the follow Jenny!
Fennimore leading 3-0 in top of the second at Mineral Point. Two walks and a pair of errors in the inning.
Yes! Please do :) I've never been to Utah but have heard it's beautiful. I'm psyched!
Did you jog to the session?
Wow those Gramattica brothers are looking in regular season condition....LMAO
why do you both love me so much?
Reading results of the survey did 2 understand needs of MCN museum tech community. TY to those who participated & provided info.
enjoying your session and would like to get more info on HipCricket!
I'm So Tired From School Today I'm Thinking of Hitting The Bed Early
The word "pasta" comes from the Italian word for paste, meaning a combination of flour & water.
where do you like to workout?
What kind of a God would allow my dick to go unsucked this long and also famine I guess?!
Thiss beat sweet!
whats a tweet limit
u the one telling tales
good morning love!
Stuff blows up.
I Hope Everyone's Day Is Going Well <3
YUM! RT : Props to for getting a spiked milkshake shot at for dessert.
Oh. I feel so dumb. We caught Gandalf! Awesome job guys.
I agree. The eye level/angle going from curve ball to a high fastball is darn near impossible to adjust to when coming in at 97
2 bike rides, 10 miles, lots of weights, a bajillion crunches, 1 boxing workout, and 2 torn hamstrings later i'm ready for friday
RT : Happy Birthday, John!!>>>>Thank you SO much! Hope all is well!
great to meet the crew at #FoodTruckFriday looking forward to the next one!
Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak, and nobody knows why, not even her. She just can't let go...
ig ill go to church tomorrow ....
French toast is my favorite foreign toast
i'm sad that i haven't gotten my #imagineRIT iris photo yet! i wish i'd grabbed a snapshot of it with my phone!
I wanna put my ear to ya chest boy.
#Thanks to our
June 23rd in DC for video shoot for "Dip It Pop" stay tuned for details!!!
smoke a blunt
I remember when you did that! Time flies.
okay so when u do come with the band let me know
did just throw a tuba in the air?
I just realized that you can blame #SMASH for your vegetable knowledge. lol
Exodus 20:12 says to honor your father & mother, not to criticize them. Today's culture reflects the latter. Honor them today.
i hate you lol
embarrassed now to even say this, but I even placed a bet.
Thank you:)
Just finished great intv w/ Fred Martino for in Las Cruces-- we talked #jobs, #education and
Good Morning! WHat's up? (:
Happy New Year everyone!
Two things that don't go together pigeon poop and restaurants. vegaspressurewashing.com
#gwu Poet Sonia Sanchez is speaking/signing at Dorothy Betts Marvin Theatre @ 6pm TONIGHT. be there!!
Had dinner at Sam's (near ICA in boston) w/ he said his burger was in his top 20 EVER. mixed drinks were also excellent
Yes, proprioceptive exercises and strengthen stability muscles of ankle, knee, hip and even low back!
“: I sang I'll Be by Edwin McCain and Hollaback girl on Tuesday haha no judgement from me!” right on! Duet soon?
how YOU doing?
Had a brief Klout moment there. Just trying to understand it more.
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 2
LET EM have it !
What's a good name for a fanpage on facebook? it's being made for (:
Hangin' with my good friends
And for my Friday evening entertainment I will be watching Les Misérables, the High School Edition.
These tissues are the bomb! They are cooling and feel like a silk pillow case durning a cold winter night on my face.
Everyday I'm shuffLIN MT : Guess this was Linevitable: jeremylinheygirl.tumblr.com
are you goin?
This is really a must win for Dallas. The series goes back to miami.
Hello world! Welcome to IamINC! The place where you can start taking achieving your goals seriously! Visit www.iaminc.biz
Thanks so much for the follow! Hope you are having a great day!
I've been strong, I've been weak, and I still miss you.
Good things happen in your life when you're ready for them. So if bad things happen to you, it's your fault.
Have fun!
Annie: 5 kills.
yeah I saw it last night. It was really good!
; CONGRATS ! *party balloons and confetti fall from the ceiling*
Thanks Deanna - great meeting you! Always good to run into another East-coaster, especially on the West coast:)
Ivan Rodriguez is a no-brainer for the Hall of Fame. Only question is whether or not he's a first-balloter.
#TABS RT : some people have jobs that require them to work early...
Happy Anniversary: 10 years ago this month, New Light Technologies, Inc. (NLT) was incorporated as an ongoing concern to provide informati…
Our common human hospitality longs to find room for those who are left out: Greg Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart
True dat but didnt u see the movie He hated caribbean night. Not sure how he would feel bout watermelon slush
I love my beautiful mother so much and I wish she has a happy
Bulls' Saddest Win Ever
It was carrotty.
Wtf?! I came down stairs and started acting all si k and I walked up to my mom and said I think Im--- Mom," Sick. Yea I read your tweets:/
Just watched mind fuck in Greek. Funny everytime. On hbo now!
New guy in the office kinda looks like you. It's weirding me out.
And some days it's like pulling fingernails.
Society for Standards Professionals is pleased to announce the new Executive Director, Mr. Mike Morrell
your going to kill it on the voice! I believe in you!! :D x
On an interesting new path for another adventure in teaching! Stay tuned!
OMG LOL RT : I'm fucking done. I quit Twitter & all social networks. Raven Symone is a Lesbian. Bye man.
Stan wars on twitter....... I don't care who you are doing it for ya'll look like fools either way
Are you making money on you blog? Good question for
Uh, Dunces? RT : Confederacy of Dances, John Otoole.. $3.99 for kindle
Where do non-ghetto black ppl go for Memorial Day weekend?
Fuck Watson got fouled
Q3: Enjoy a Cherry Oatmeal Muffin for a breakfast or afternoon snack
I was making some tea, then started Dota 2 game, 40 mins l8r fire alarm goes off and tea kettle is going up in flames. Game lasted 60 mins.
Andrya in here singing play that funky music Lmao
P2V backup solutions coming soon...
THAT WAS FAB IM YELLING
Take your passion and make it happen.
REFILL SATURDAY PRE-MOTHERS DAY CELEBRATION @ MARIOS DIS SAT* FIRST 20 LADIES GET IN FREE & FREE DRINK COURTESY OF &
give me your number and ill text you(; ?
Of course you should enter!
Afternoon delight #;)
Treat me how you wants to be treated! True fact
A fine brew weekend: brewed #AllHailAle No.18 (APA) yesterday, bottled No.17 (black IPA) today, drinking No.13 (Citra IPA) with curry dinner
Next time you're in the city, please let me & we'd greatly appreciate it c:
#dataSMT I think Ira is right. What do you think?
yah I can too but its nice to havd one
It's five days - so $7.50! Eeps! Thanks! :D
pretty sure it as the pharmacy not god for this one. It is not in the bible, you see.
Good luck with that - I congratulate you on the cause you're supporting but check out the redemption process as it may be broken.
drunk loving on replay shit go hard textin the producer aka my bae lol he makes me smile harder then I have in a long long time
' miss you <3
Pre Production on the live show continues...
Check out Magazine, Fashion Events Music & Sports updates. We're growing and we'll only get better soon
congratulations! what a wonderful opening.
PS loving the Stalin
!!!! RT : there's nothing in this world greater than a mothers love
No, but that's exactly how I'm going to use it now! It's the intro/informal title to Horace's Ode 2.14, about inevitable death
i really wish i could attend the celebration of life today. may what he contributed to this world live on forever. RIP Seau
Sometimes I feel like an ant that got lucky and just found a huge crumb! And sometimes I feel like I dropped that crumb Then I'm just an ant
Ok, finally got in :/
Tomorrow is payday again.! Ayee :D
Good morning!! Hope everyone's having a fantastic day!!
Spring break hours starting today til next Saturday! In shop and delivery from noon til midnight!
A question asked about what defensive changes they made on Blake, VDN goes on about Memphis' offense.
It is now. LOL.
Lol, so today at Walmart I saw a hot guy from school. I was like "dayummm, life is great."
Philanthropy would make sense to me, but I've been outside.
might as well get something cooking outside. more interesting than finishing taxes.
New shows added to the upcoming shows list. Ask any of us for details! Hope to see you there!
In the process of getting my hair re done. :)
Anybody ever been to #CLUBSTILETTOS in #CINCINNATI ?????
Well shes beautiful, nice, really cool, funny and my tbfflllll!(:
Agree! RT : I think if ANgelinas top of her dress came down a bit more I may have liked it more...
Tonight we have special guest , his friends, and our band leading worship. Join us in an hour!
#todayimwearing vintage blouse, cropped pants & open toed pumps!
I just want another kiss goodnight...<3
is there a way to pick up a scarf in the stadium?
Anybody that thinks Auburn could have even won the SEC last year without Cam needs only to turn on CBS right now. LSU 42 AU 3
oh Damn :O okayokay, we'll talk about all that later. ill call you later on today ! or tomorrow for sure !
": Fuck immature girls." often
I'm talking about late night practice, sat morning practices, away games, concussion, being traded. Some of these chicks aint built for this
i need a job so i can start getting more tattoos!!!
what a crazy afternoon
Boy, I'm glad Many didn't face him in the 7th.
“: Pizza. Now.” ok Garfield, we got you!
Over 62 years of age and looking to reduce monthly obligations? Call for a free consultation. (866) 910-8020 (Toll Free)
thank you!!
Hear how #MNUnited has used past year to build the largest grassroots campaign in MN history on w/ this morning
Today D&A has two of our most unique flavors out: Maple Bacon and White Chocolate Cinnamon Habanero! So stop in for a flavorful treat.
Decided on Designing and Building a Social Library Website.
": We're all in this together (;" WILDCATS! #getchaheadinthegame lol
That's really kind. Thanks for sharing that and keep passing the word.
I guess I can't trip bc I do the same thing
except that the courts always get involved in #mnredistricting so why would this time be any different?
Production of the Olds Motor Vehicle Company of Detroit did not begin until 1899.
What did you have? MT Grabbing dinner [near] Rockville. 1st time we've been to this location. Nice, large space.
I love it when I'm talking to someone on IM and waiting 5...10...20 minutes for a response.... yeah.... lovely conversation going on here
Just had an amazing experience at the Guideshop on Newbury St. Love the look & fit of the clothes. Opening 5/1, check it out!
Yesterday's quote was the first line of "The Giver" by Lois Lowry.
tomorrow we are making lamb chops!! #lamb chops #mint #apple #lamb #recipes #foodie #great food
I so need to sleep more! I'll check out your article!
why thank you :)
buzzed and dancing around the house, lol
see yo Chuck Norris faced ass had to take it to the next level lol
Anthony Bennett is my new baby daddy.
So today I completed 2 months of my lowcarb diet,I stepped on the scale and I can surely say,it feels great to be 30 pounds lighter.170lbs:)
It was strange to see the drops hitting the windshield.
DM I finally downloaded tweetdeck and u r my 1st twetee... Did u receive it?
Goodnight everyone, I love you all.
I'll have another for I'll Have Another..
So the Nets are actually moving to Brooklyn? Haha wtf
are you a member?
star wars sheets don't have to be a requirement
He won the Heisman before the season began. As long as he doesn't have any horrible games, he will win it.
how many more ya need? Ill put your name on em and leave rm at will call so we still get credit for the sale
Alright, alright, #cherryjuice is packed with #antioxidants and #vitaminA. Both in which are very beneficial to #healthy #skin!
I used to not be one myself but since I possessed a major twitter addiction back in Oct of 2010 when I first (con)
I'm on mine just using wi-fi... Theater?!?!??
I like your profile background photo!
It is because of that I know of check him out Missoula friends 11-4-11 at the Wilma! Amazing ya'll!
Need a graphic designer, business cards, website, or logo? Why are you still searching? www.stardesignsa.com Let us help you!
Damn!! Cotto needs to catch him with one power shot to the right of his jaw...if this goes to the cards... Mayweather wins bet!
They call this guy Bruce Leroy but he looks more like Dwayne from What's Happening!!
Impromptu family dance party to Footloose FTW!
Stack of hundreds, bunch of fifties.
Ohh hekk yes, ready to goo back!
I've been chain smoking like crazy. Can't feel my tongue anymore
"Justin And Beliebers Are Meant To Be Together forever
When's the next Tweet up?
could be gladiolas? or are definitely galdiolas! clearly botany is not my strong point.
ALL HILL NIGGAS IS BLACK AS HELL !!! ONLY LIGHTSKIN NIGGA I KNO IS WU TANG
LoL... You must be missing some football too!
Tasted '11 Vin Gris de Cigare (tank sample) today to make notes. Amazingly food-friendly; release early Feb. Hello, world.
RT : MVP award was out of tradition handed out before ROY award because Kyrie Irving was in Bahamas. But he's returning today.
You are what you eat. Eat something sexy (;
Lets do this
r u here in London?
« What's next for tomorrow, they gne fly a plane into Craigmont....»
. Thank you for the follow. Hope you'll use twitter for more than listing menu items. Become the Torta thought leader :)
Fried Oreos :) did you guys ever try it before ?
Talking to my study teacher about loufers..
Because it's favorite past time... That's a good enough reason
Tony, thanks very much. Jack, Peter, Liz and Mom thank you too.
“Découvrir” (discover) your “caché” (hidden) talents
The second time in a different state in the SAME month that Obama likes to follow me & shut down everything where it stalls my schedule!
That would be great. But own projects haven't launched yet; am I the person you need? (tho I feel confident I can nail it)
Love is being stupid together.
none of my friends know i have a twitter..&& im glad !
Now there's an understatement!
I am enjoying a three day weekend.
His beath! You smell like karen stank ass vagina juice!
you should have come over fool.,,,,,,
well said Barbara!
Nothing much You.?
:D RT : Chatting with friends about our study abroad experiences. So funny.
want a FREE slice & drink???? bring us pictures/maps/license plates/etc. of NEW YORK for us to hang on our wall!
Oh my. Blues (and blues inspired) music shakes me to my core
Rock climbing at red river gorge! Freedom!
Finished presenting. Hope we impressed the judges
First up, Ed Helms and his Lonesome Trio (Tree-o?).
if it switches screens on you, blow into the little track light (bottom middle), any dust in there can cause it to act up
why?! What happened to Austin?!
Eating the hottest green chile on planet earth...even milk isn't helping!!!
Ah, I figured you'd just lost the binder.
that sounds like a super awesome time
It's probably me from my living room
tried everything and still something missing from them all. has been best bet for me so far for contacts + relationships
about to eat then watch the bulls game
Follow us & get 10% off your 1st class! Open House Sat. Sept 17th! Yoga, Studio Cross Fit, Zumba, Belly Dancing www.superimpactfitness.com
u be safe homeboy.
": Flirt with me... I flirt back ;)"...lol dis seem like a trap
Ok, I just realized that Craig Wedren is the former frontman of Shudder to Think. What planet have I been on?
buying an iPad...what should my engraving say on the back?
What are you going to do for yourself today?
Bout to watch The Avengers!!
you dont want none, sometime soon tho takin u down
This rain sounds sick
glad you liked the video! It's called rum and coca cola by Les Shelleys. Found it on the Vimeo Music Store.
We're looking for 4 bay area food trucks, restaurants, bars, or other business for us to do an at cost marketing video for. contact us/email
Finally layin down ; bed time !
Life could be worse! Have fun in Italy and leave work behind you.
Tweet An interesting talk on how to integrate psychology into more logical thinking by Sutherland of OgilvyOne.
haha having 3 twitters makes me feel schizophrenic sometimes
Love is gonna save us
June 29,Section 3,Row L seat 101&102 #1DTOURUSA If each of you were a Disney princess who would be and why?-Madison & Abby
Staying positive is the first step to success
sitting wondering what ima wear tomorrow i might wear gray maybe black or yellow idk but facebook starting to mes up again
You are welcome! I hope I have enough cash to go on a nice shopping spree!
All I wanna do is watch Army Wives.
One more day to go on this promotion. Get a free Carne Adovada Sandwich. Its simple, just mention CA10 when you order.
Sweet Tweet RTs look who else caught the positive social bug "They don't need no cure": and
It don't make money it don't make sense
We cant change the world unless we change ourselves..
seriously, though, I'd love to test it out on some artifacts. Might present some challenges getting them to stand upright.
Ok....I miss Whitney Houston! Who's with me?
Tacos for dinner!!!
is running out of the rain, fretting over an ex, drinking doctor pepper, falling into lust, listening to thunder...
drive safe! From your FLORIDA PTA supporter and partner!
To all the folks who bash their center cities - you can't be a suburb of nothing.
Now that I got you in the bed I'm gon pull yo hair snatch yo ass up by the head I'm gon pull yo hair
SBB loves the Peach Blossom Stroller. It's a single stroller that converts to a double at 6 months old and both seats recline.
its been a long time
It was 1046 players in the main event of the Norwegian Championship this year. Solid new record! We are now 70 players left.
- Yes, please! Email me at . I'd love to get tea soon. :)
Packers select Nick Perry lb . Minnesota treated with Baltimore. Ravens are on the clock
i think all forms leave the users 'crispy' ... that stuff is brutal
"Kill Whitey!"
I would like to share an event with you on April 21
Hi F All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
Females Be Acting Like A Nigga Won't Hit Em If They Hit Them These Days. Step Into Reality Bitch Niggas Will Retaliate.
I want a hug.
of course I saw the fambam :)
Attended a screening of 's documentary last evening in Georgetown. Lots of supporters attended to learn more about it.
#dsoc your intrepid board on the case, but taking longer to get up a full head of steam, late nights and networking taking toll tues morn
Go with Tiger Woody! RT #BreakingNews Tiger Woods has retired from golf to pursue a porn career...Tho he will keep his name.
will do;)
#GolfChannel What about The Most interesting man in #Golf Miguel Angel Jimenez to win ? Woman love him & men want to be him.
hmm, maybe. Probably not but I'm blanking, ha.
Told I was a 6th grader and she believed me 
Well, yes, DH leans strongly towards lit; but we should be aware that we are not entering terra incognita, a New World
a cop pulled me over. i let him off with a warning
Wanna peep some good music for FREE? Search "D-Maub" on #pandora and enjoy!
Joined twitter just in time to make snarky comments during sessions at #iappsummit!
- check out these wonderful artists.
love blue in that game!! Va Tech are frauds!!!
Cohen: AAS fellowships, public programs, publications foster vibrant face-to-face community; this is important.
DU is in a tight battle with WKU trying to make their way to the SBC Final. DU has never made the NCAA Tourney,Goodluck
Le Peep thanks the IUPUI Women's Softball team for holding their Dine2Donate fundraiser @ Le Peep Downtown. Happy to support the Lady Jags!
And speaking of said database, I am so woefully behind in data entry I don't even feel like doing it anymore. :(
Good Friday... When Altos and Basses finally get some solo singing time :)
your million will be safe
Hey, did you have fun last night?
Great new restaurant in Babylon Village, NY Monsoon...Pulse magazine party there tonight. Great crowd, great food. Check it out!
": now u know iAint bout 2 be nobody's nurse.... Doctor maybe!" **EVEN FUCKIN BETTER!!!
Love teaching at NYFA and am surprised at how good the tweens and teens are at comedy and Improvisation!
I'm very upset one can't find Pagan holiday cards at stores or Hallmarks, what with #Eostre coming after the full moon.
MT : If Chris Davis can close this out, he'll be 1st AL position player to win a game as a pitcher since Rocky Colavito in 1968
Sony Customer service stinks….Why Can't they make a decent product anymore? Anyone else having issues with Sony quality?
Yes Help ok
As Miss Teen GB International, I recommend for all your bling needs! From stage bling to everyday bling! They have it all!
almost brought my blanket to work. its warmer down here than in my room.
traveling for work
My condolences go out to Killa Mike and his family.
Good Morning My Beautiful friends and Good day ahead of you. I see a week filled with love and adventure. This is a perfect life. Love love
you wanna be a guest writer on my blog in Rome? We can have a whole section titled "Shit Joey said in Rome"
hahahahahahahh #hives n'
I love talking to him...he makes it all the more better :)
Something good is going to happen this week...I know it !!
If revenge is a dish best served cold, and revenge is sweet. Does that mean revenge is Ice Cream?
Weirdest person I ever sat next too
Thanks for following us! Look forward to working with you!
my ears, my ears, my ears are on fire
Wonderful story about Artist who has been commissioned by Easter Seals to paint the Team Hoyt portrait....
Thursday, Dec 8th at Smoke Jazz Club in NYC.
Good night moon.
Just need to no what that pussy like just one time that's fine wit me
Video game music remixes. Everyone should check out ocremix page
text me bruh
Coffee has kicked my nerves into Mach 3, and the presentation is 19 days away. OMG starting a countdown doesn't help!
For #DLDay, we're releasing some early findings from Speak Up 2011. Look for the first full report in April!
what would I do without you...so sweet. Ill def. ACE mineNow! :)
beautiful profile pic!!!
WOW something HAS to be done about the student loan situation.. another story this morning of students screwed by pvt loans. i.e. Sallie Mae
Tonight we've got cajun blackened fish tacos on the menu for $10!
Bin Hammam quits FIFA election before hearing.
You know life is worth the struggle when you look back on what you lost, and realize what you have now is way better than before...
Seen project
Mucho mango & a bag of hot fries. Nku bound.
Want to volunteer on Sunday? Meet at HQ at 12:30 pm to canvass. Want more info? Come visit our booth at jazz & rib fest all day Sunday.
NO! Mexican Coke is Coca Cola that is imported from Mexico. It comes in glass bottles of sugar cane goodness!
WORST SURGERY EVER.
The question to ask isn't whether this is legit in a capitalist economy but is this what America represents morally.
Eating leftovers for lunch. This is groundbreaking. I never eat leftovers. Felt compelled to share this info.
Oh RT : My last tweet wasn't baseball related either
Ik I can't stop listening to the song or watching the movie :)
how can I get the July/Aug issue "Big Guns of Texas"?
cheese or peperoni?
No questions, just hoping you will clarify details like "From September's 10 different boxes" - more honest marketing.
"Ditto" sweet mama! Have a great day!!:-)
I will never use afrin again... I can breath but I can't sleep because my entire nose reeks of peppermint!
There are times when you have to build the airplane while you are flying. And I am really good at that! Hire me!
U all talking going to win a championship u have to make the tournament first oh u talking NIT lol
And for all hood cats..Ed hardy jeans are NOT 4 U in 2012.If you got skeleton heads on your jean back pockets,take that bullshit off lol
really doesn't see the point in writing a 300 word essay just to change my major from professional to technical...
none. Underage
de nada mi amigo
are you still there :o or are you creepin' (; ?
We're also X-cited for the sold-out event this Sun 5/6 being held at ! Congrats on your 1st ever #TEDx event!
will be volunteering at on March 4th! It's our pleasure to serve the community
The obvious damage in a fire is from the burned items. A small fire can mean a lot of smoke, which can spread far and wide in your home.
new website launches June 4th - can't wait for your feedback! In the meantime, I'm having a beer in honor of Miss Highbrow ;)
aw omg :((( poor baby did yu bring him to the vet?
are you guys going to post a pic up of me & mock me for not getting my books on time?
she used to love tx She never didnt want to leave and when she did she wanted to come back.
Watching the Singing bee, I like country music do not judge me
Yep, told them 2 keep going, they said 2 tired, they snuck off thinking no one would notice until 2012
Signed up for this Thursday's event but can't make it? No problem! Just let us know by email: contact at refresh-dc dot org.
I use eyeliner only for the most part. But lately, I've been too lazy. x.x;; But this weekend, I had my makeup artist. xDD
#FF "more lovely and more temperate"
4 days until Christmas?!
I'm off!!!b racing home to see the #Indians game is it still on?!?!?
Students: Sorry but I need to cancel retakes for tomorrow. I will add Tuesday nxt week as an option if you'd like.
Happy Birthday!
Thanks same to y'all
Hm...and I was just starting to think you were a good person!...lol
Thanks everyone for participating in our multiple-choice question yesterday. Most ppl answered Refferals from Friends or Family.
that's the second best kind!!!!
End of this last week was Jewish holiday of Purim, thought lot about truth of "for such a time as this" same now as thousands of years ago
Watching Celebrity Rehab. I love, love, love
clearly not my bio. I got severe writers block after I wrote I.
Good morning to everyone! Blessed to wake up another day.
In time buddy!!
I'm at the East Aurora for their annual Rotary fun run. Beautiful day for campaigning. Get some!
Glad ya like!
thank you boo!!
Corvin Lamb is going to surprise some folks this year. Nobody is talking about him right now but they will be.
this year, choose different :) My plan is Wordcamp Seattle on may 19th, and Cheese Festival on May 20th.
thats so true... but there's a lot of denial, too. "It really isn't in there" which surprises me.
No more nipple to nipple hugs? I can't stand the Sam Swope ad. "I saved $226!!!!!!!!"
sleepover or something this weekend?0.o
i would like all the veterans on twitter to be my friends
i totally thought about coming and saying hey, but yfc was about to play!
Don't pay your customers to review you - the good service will let it come out of them voluntarily!
It smells like bacon in the hallway
Why does it take a tweet or a Facebook status to know that someone is alive?
Nice ride into work today, just the 1 obligatory dice with death..TU Dodge minivan for seriously elevating my heart rate
Hi! We make pizza. You love pizza. Were Anna and Giuliana.
Instagram can suck my dickm.. follow my other twitter I'm off dis..
My guy #1000 RT : S/o my nigga just cause i fuck with her tuff....
We are here at Stoddard Baptist Home, one our amazing members, working with the elderly for a painting event!
yes, yes that was a stupid video. "Positive" way to kill time. Love
Running my last show ever. Come see my friends pack out and kill it tonight!
Pretty funny this morning ., saying that law against converting assets is proof that it doesn't happen...hilarious
New to Twitter
I had the weirdest dream !
Congratulations to the new president of France M francois holland
This dude was trippin on the txt he sent me
<3 Freedom, Beauty, Truth & Love <3
Absolutely! My first was "A Connecticut Yankee In King Arthur's Court" in Kindergarden.
ctfu . the next time he write me im loggin off . i swear the lst para' he sent was 120 words .! >=O !
I bought that with my own money and told them not to drink it. They're paying me for that can too. Don't touch my shit
all day
GIGANTIC thank you to everyone who came to our Movember party last night! We had an AMAZING turnout & raised a TON of $! Thank you SO much!
It's worked wonders for me. ;)
lol how have you been?
McKenzie: Smart media open new space for thought mixing together two machines: spectacle and ideation machines.
Chipper is sure fire, 1st ballot hall of famer, 2nd best switch hitter of all time, top 3 third baseman of all time, no question
I sat behind a few at the ceremony! ;)
boo. We're comin to Bismark on the 18th though. When you comin back to the cities? - Cher
Count your blessings not your problems...
I feel miserable #ugh 😷
lol this bucket gonna text me and ask me do i miss her??? bitch you a hoe what imma miss you for?
You ain't about this liiiffee
Thanks for picking up our press release about the partnership with
I just finished a 4.20 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
that's never good
Tweet n deck back on deck
But remember, its your suicide; Have fun with it. :-)
I just saw Unknown Hinson out of costume earlier today, kinda like seeing Santa without the beard on in the food court when I was a kid
Thank God that speech is over. Talk about horrible timing
Ah, that Monday overwhelmed need to maintain sanity feeling. Made worse by the sugar rush of a bad cupcake.
"Got my keys, got my wallet, got my hot sauce"... Can't wait to experience #cascabel tonight at
Obsessed with Ave's "No One" video. Nbd. Only been replaying it all weekend.
Aww, Super Villian with a heart of gold! That is kind of you. P.S. I swear I didn't mean to kill Metro Man!
ur ass smells like garbage!!!
thanks for the follow! :)
Thanks to for stopping by Signature Cigars today. Stop by Thursday Dec 8th from 3pm to 8pm to meet Carmelo at the DC shop.
Yeah I have no idea with this guy... Maybe they were going to start up a beast porn site...
“Sometimes life is merely a matter of coffee and whatever intimacy a cup of coffee affords.” ― Richard Brautigan
Reading 'The Quickening Maze' by Adam Foulds with pleasure.
and I'm missing it? back tomorrow
Laundry day and flyers today
"Ubuntu" = "I Am Because We Are" (southern #Africa concept)
#TheLordIs... sweeter than the honey & the honeycomb! #BeGreat!
3 1/2 days until it's over... i'm starting to think I might miss them. :P
Someone text me :x
RT : The Occupy Madison group is displaying a new sign at its E. Wash camp: "Recall Soglin."
great to see you guys back in Chicago Friday night! Living with Lupus sucks but your songs have always made things easier!
Love that song, although inserting "jack" to set up that rhyme has to be one of the great lyrical punts...
They say he wants to be loaned out to another club. Which he probably should be. He's getting some minutes, but not enough.
My resolve crumbled...I finally have a Twitter account
To err is human. To admit it, even more so!
great. look forward to its return
Hey everyone! We're selling more sweatshirts (we got more smalls!) in Kimmel at the top of the staircase until 1pm today!
call me
$4.5 Million was paid out by Wal-Mart and Sam's Club because staff was misclassified between 2004 and 2007. The Wall Street Journal
You sounded pretty damn sweet last night, your dankness. Thanks for the show
energy equals mass times the speed (or velocity) of light squared (I think).
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!:)
Who would give a law to lovers? Love is unto itself a higher law.
This friday April 27th its going down at The Toc Bar
Yes, she also gave me a T-shirt. :)
Yes...I just resorted to bribery. Take one bit of sandwhich and I will give you a piggyback ride around the house. I'm so ashamed!
That beat is #knockin I can see Drag on all over that.
Bring on leehi!
Haven't heard that piece, Trashcan Sinatras should be more famous.
Sleeper Alert: if A. Roberts can hold off E. Doucet he will have a great opportunity to produce opposite of Fitz...
re:Stepbrothers the movie :D
Historical records say: born 23rd and died 20th. Judith Shakespeare Co is al about this. Hence, our Shakespeareathon
GOP embracing their role as the party of no (in the sack)
afternoon everyone stop by and see all the great deals we have including all the new trends and name brand that we have just for you.
Dylan lyrics: thinking: "...so much older then, younger than that now" & "..." don't need 2 be weatherman to know which way the wind blows"
Only two things are infinite, universe & human stupidity, & I'm not sure about the former Einstein Must have been talking about Rush
It'll never take over as titletown USA.....that'll always be Green Bay!!!!!!!!
Can I take the Volu Gro w my post workout whey protein shake?
Ig this bitch wants to say I got hoed bitch for the longest niggas used to ride your ass out for wearing the same jeans everday so fuck you!
Thanks for 400 followers!!! :D
Mason Williams and Gary Sanchez back in the lineup for Low-A Charleston today. Still not sure why they missed those few games.
1-0 #Tribe, man the indians are playing a MUCH better brand of baseball this year. How many wins do u think they get this year?
...but I doubt they will. /:
so drained lol I'm in bed wbu?
#SinTax Marijuana will be legal in the United States in 5 years because Republicans can't raise taxes but love their Big Wars. The irony..,
I enjoyed your Sugar tribute, but he was 75. There was a kerfuffle about it yesterday, and many places got it wrong at first.
So like I hella can't go to sleep smh the one day I can sleep in nd my body wants to fuck wit me
I wouldn't call it sneaking.
How's everyone's day going so far? #TacoTuesday #TipsyTuesday whatever you call it, all we have on our mind is #Bartab & #Tacos nom nom nom
you are welcome :) how about a follow back ?
If you thought #lifewaseasierbefore... It could be that way again. We are about to change the world and we want YOU to be part of it.
how fun! I need to visit. Do you like it there? How is school?
Can I get a mention or DM..
My 3 year old son favorites song is ace hood & Jeremih "love somebody" lol
I could maybe brighten your day (; lol I wish..
Q9: How can I stimulate consistent #business growth?
Most food trucks are an over-priced let-down.
RT : I hella appreciate men that care about their community and actually do the work. They just don't tweet about it!!
JUST SAW 140+ PUBLIC ART PROPOSALS. CAN I CRY NOW?
You know what i need, want you to see everything. Want you to see all of the lights!
haha - the floor is drying! Wednesday friend :) RT: Is your Division store open yet?? Please? Quit teasing us!
Stacy Dash!!
More Doc on Allen (2 of 2): Wanting to play is one thing, being able to is another. We'll see. (Reading b/w the lines, Ray's a long shot.)
Ditto. When will it be uploaded?
Would you believe, with all the options, I still use a spiral notebook. I go back to it...it suits me best, most flexible!
If you haven't yet, check out Great cause and always reppin at the best shows!!!
Hi Lacy, you know they are just lining up to come in at 3:30am to anchor two and a half hours of news.
Loving Planning on buying a pair of custom made jeans asap!
The 'La Quinta' hotel franchise often works with local law enforcement in cities throughout the US in vice sting operations.
When there isn't a show on my horizon I get anxious. Come back to SF? Wish I could get to Copenhagen.
I want you this year :)
they got a puppy together?... when is the wedding?
#teaparty please just stop.. you are no longer relevant
You can rough me up, you can tear me down, baby don't stop now.
can't wait to bring GAIN to #Android! Need to get it right on iPhone first. AND we're now looking for an #Android developer.
Last day of #FILEX2012 & ppl!! Get involved!! Awesome discounts on shoes, boxing gear, everything, go get it!!
Fix your Tickets,Duis or Warrants we will save you Money !!!!!!!!!! on eBay Classif
wanted to introduce my self looking for good realtor to work with
According to a 2008 study by the group CAL, Chinese was the only language, besides Spanish, that showed significant growth in US schools.
So #thehermancain has 8 honorary doctorate degrees. What's up with that???
Ok. Hope everything is fine and you feel better soon then.
uh you ratchet boy!
Just got a confirmation letter to be a presenter at the US. Dept ED #Artsed Project Directors’ Annual Meeting and Evaluation Workshop!
Just saw the space shuttle pass by the Hudson River. Had a perfect view of it!
WHO, I ask you, WHO would opt for the keyboard clicks to be on???? SO. ANNOYING.
baby I love u
I did
follow me? <3
O pie
I'm so sick of this finding out when I work two days before I do nonsense.
They just won't have Ron Paul stand on center stage.
Id have to think on it... What would you be offering? I do like him a lot as a super utility infielder.
Aint nothin wrong wit drunken hot girls! Am I right?
shout out to all my new followers
#robertsbad He is one of the baddest guys ever (: ♥
ima throw up on you :)
last class of the day, why can't you just go home?
Also something I'd totally read.
Dean: VA's health care system most popular in US, also socialist
hey how you been?:)
Sittin down havin a great talk with You rock!
Approval neither desired or required.
"Throwing up never felt so joyful" - My daughter after tough soccer practice in brutal Texas heat - Guess she's got the "sickness" ;-)
Deciding which song to record next is pretty tough.
haha yea man im done with fb lol same shit every day
so are you! ;) MEOW
“: Happy early birthday to myself! Go Cards!” And me too! :)
thanks... In was in the 80's today! Nice!!
Not worth a billion to lessen football game day traffic.
Getting bad news<<
RT if Cody is on your mind 99% of the day.
Draw Something needs new words! You know what I'm drawing only by the head. cc:
well I mean for me it does but its still better than middle school obviously baha
♨A little too much chocolate is just about right.
It's dope people are suggesting songs for me to sample but the thing is I'm more into composing original materials.
A sequel to Republic Commando would be pretty cool, too.
cuz I don't have a answer
no reply. But swell, I'll be there!
RT My heart breaks every time someone unfollows me. Like bitch, am I not cool enough for you ..? :(
way to go!
do they still make the hairdresser mx5 cc ;-))
Let's work smart next time.
I think the glue that keeps us all together is remembering that, in the end, the person you're talking to might have a gun.
But she hasn't hosted right?..... why are we still tweeting then?
Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. - Mother Teresa
hey , has 71 Billion RTB Impressions every month that accept expandable ads
here with the economic development table.
Today, we are living vicariously through all our YUMs! We're staying in + enjoying a quiet afternoon home.
#Shoutout to ---» !! Go follow her & get a #FollowBack !
Heading out to hang with Jenni's family!
Wow they're good
who do you think has the best predictions?
The traditional "Wrap-Em-Up" tackling technique leads directly to CROWN first impact while in the act of making a tackle.
on the way back to the A
have the best weekend! yay! Happy Friday from all of us !!!!!
MacBook.... And that's for Life
<3 I was going to put the videos on here but someone deleted them !
Ha! Thanks for finding the humor in it! I hope her teacher doesn't follow twitter...
kinetic sculpture is so fucking cool
Fridays are the best
The great end of life is not knowledge but action. Thomas H. Huxley
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 31
i need a courage scone today, !
I hope he's being good for you :) have fun!
well I gotta go, but go to kuksoolwon.com and you can check it all out
Hey that's us in that pic! We had a great time at the auction and it was a pleasure meeting you guys!
Most Wanted Crew Was The First One Saved ! ahh... so far so good babe ;D <3...
Good Eats my FAV show!!! RT : The only way I'd bring back Good Eats is if there were overwhelming fan demand. And I don't...
lol don't work to hard:-)
thanks! What about must have boating supplies or must haves for the rhino? What is a cool gift for boaters/outdoor life?
just came dangerously close to tackling a person that I thought was you outside college, had the gold shoes and everything
Thank you sir. I still also miss "Desipundit" btw.
Could be more disrespectful? Your reports make me watch the news.
good on you!!! that ain't easy!
