Hurry, get on a plane. You can totally make it in time 4 #b4byalsa @ my place tomorrow.
#SAG is it ironic that #Awards screeners are now viewed via new media through #itunes? Lost opportunity.
MT Have U read Imagine:How #Creativity Works by ? (or haven't read it but plan 2!) Join in #creativereads tonight at 8 ET
Who would love if me and madison went out?!...nobody
Well that's a good thing... :-)
hey u there im bored i just to say hi
WWDC ticket in hand.
Sounds wonderful! I'm planning to do the same. We've been busy all week, tonight I want to relax and watch my shows!
NO MORE MR. NICE GUY to the GOP! Fight fire with a BlowTorch.
Shelby County sheriff&#39;s detectives seize 22 pounds of pot
The last thing I needed was to be woken up before 9 by yard work going on next door.
I'm afraid you'll call me an EGG again
Was that just I just saw in a black Alfa on 3rd in Brooklyn?
I just started following him you Stu Holden social media accounts elitist
I just prayed. I went on my hands and knees. And I said the hail mary...COMEE ON PENS!!!:)
After much hard work, blood sweat and tears, the Blazemobile is back on the road!
Come over here and make me!
uh oh. Bad news for one of us (or both of us, actually)
“ “ I'm ride for my nigga! Cause he always there no matter what!””
i want that hoe head frfr!
Too much head ache today :(
is expecting another good week without many surprises.
thanks for mention. Hope to see you in a city near you!
then hurry up lol
Dang I missed it when u came to Baltimore...
Thank you to all the men and women who have served or are serving in our armed forces. We proudly fly Old Glory today in your honor.
I found you once again. And this time I didn't have to coax you out with Mackeral scraps.
Rest in Peace Steve Jobs. Thank you for the great inventions and technology that helped make The Red, Black & Blonde possible.
You can't go with L1C4 and kick swop to da curb
Okay I KNOW you're sick when you haven't tweeted all day. As any mom would say, "hot bath, bed, soup, liquids, & lots of rest!"
lost mine awhile back. gonna borrow it from my neighbor, will dub it for you off my dual cassette deck.
If your birthday's May 21/22 you're in for a big party! The eclipse of May 20 = exact on your Sun. A month later Jupiter hits it. Yowza! LOL
Photography is quickly progressing past "travel hobby" into a full-time obsession. Normally, I wouldn't wake up before the sun for horses...
please tell me u's gots the flaming ass takin care of?
ohh ok...well you keep working hard...you will make that list someday. Take Care!
If you're out at , come over to table D-11 and watch episodes of New Orleans Gourmet feat. #NOLA chefs!
Thanks for the shout out, Victor! Would love to hear more about how you're using/plan to use Camtasia.
Hilarious!!! Props for admitting it :) RT : Thought my singing was on point so decided to record myself...ugh WRONG.
I bet vegas lost huge tonight. Every drunk on the strip bet on I'll have another and giggled as the grabbed another bud. Know I would have.
Yaaaayyy!!! I rented Battlefield Earth, Directors Cut ya!!!
saw you do O'Neil's "moon" in NY! Again, all students got to see it almost for free!
Underworld 3D with the little sister. I'm a punk...no 3D glasses for me!
Let that shit burn.
Using AirPlay from my iPad to the Apple TV is fine, but having a native (Samsung TV) app would be pretty slick. Thanks!
I believe it will b a good game
Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up
You must also keep in mind that you are not an isolated being – you need the support of family that will help you reach your goals.
Playing my favorite game.
wrong on the bed ... You will be taking up all the room in the closet he wins ... AND STILL CHAMP
Ready for the circus? Mark our calendar for the sinzibukwud circus coming to Carey lake dec 17. Plan your week.
The 3rd Floor Brown Wing got a make over! The new study area features individual spaces with electrical outlets and white boards
I am so happy you liked the Top 50 Boy Band Songs station on Spent a lot of time putting it together!
love that picture Bri. It's nice that you're so close with your family.
I still love you, even though you don't know that I exist(: xo
#imthetypeofperson to sit and people watch. You can learn someones weird habbits quite fast
First semester of scheduling that I didn't get blueboxed or have class on Friday.
The performance was great tonight!!! I love performing, I get a strange high from it...
GPA only dropped .01 this semester. yeah :)
I started ur fan tag 4 us Chi peeps. For the people that support from ur home town it's
Oh, but the veggie sloppy Joe is to die for.
": Riddin with the heat tonight" Lol you alright bra? I'm guessing you got hacked
hahaha that's hilarious...it's some great stuff
I hate it when people call me a pet name in order to get something out of me
oh my god he didn't tell me.
Not sure how breakfast related this trivia is.However: There are 24,872 ppl in the U.S. listed on whitepages.com with the last name 'Bacon'
Done with the 6th grade concert with the obligatory beach boys medley and tv theme songs older than the parents
are you kidding me....holy shit. Message me on fb.
Bought the latest and albums off iTunes. Love, love, love discovering great new music.
This damn call me maybe song is so catchy....
our brand has a page set up, but not sure why we would use that over FB at this point in time.
Why yes, I did change my Facebook and Twitter icons for the #DirtyWork contest. Don't hate. <3
Come #Showout with us this #Thursday w/ | #BodiRock Thursdays... Don't miss it!!!
Killin it on Red Faction
won't follow me because when she saw that I tweeted her askin for a follow, she got so excited she passed out! ;)
u rokkkkk brent...thanks big dawg for that s/o
Car wouldn't shift out of park. Started see $ signs. Turns out it was an $8 DIY job. Thank you, interwebz.
how i miss myspace lol !!!
Many thanks! I know it should be common sense, but nervousness makes me seek to confirm - my mentor is currently overseas.
I should've gone to the driving range today
you should change your twitter name to 'WagonWheeless'.
Jaxin Hall is engaged?
Someone just told me I remind them of Tina Fey. If it had been a man he'd be having sex right now.
ANTHONY!!! Life has been so hectic. x_x. Trying to get out of school & figure out what I want to do after graduation. lol. you?
Here, here. TFA gets my dander up. Talk about hubris...
writing a paper :(
And down goes the Troll.
Nonresident fathers see their children less often than residential fathers do- damaging the potential chance of a close relationship
I'm good, just getting my car inspected! How are you love? RT : hello love how are u?
Good Morning Tweeples hope everyone has a great day :)
Love your enthusiasm!
We too aspire to a weeklong AXE-drenched romance w/ Mark McGrath
Now watching a newsreel "Florida Welcomes Walt Disney" some very cool footage I haven't seen before.
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mom, and grandmas. Iove you dearly(:
to buy Pinnacle vodka and another brand from White Rock Distilleries Inc. for around $600 million according to sources.
#ThoseThreeWords To the edge!
I hate being up this late
Awww gave me my first #ff in a long time :)) so #ff her ^.^
No, but my boyfriend does!
FERPA question came up during #soc6 at
happy birthday.;)
Old faces returning to the shop! Little Melissa is coming back to replace me! Yay! Say hi to her tonight and grab a cup. 258 E Eau Gallie
I love Gosling in the Notebook. Amazing.
GM what an excellent quote and thank you for sharing
Hi Lisa. So I read your piece some time ago; please excuse if my memory fails. But if I recall correctly, I think . . .
Hey,if u r looking for a denist in the D area I know of one
"SpaWeek" is coming soon....
let's talk
Like Culver City?
Forget the bad days, think about the good times. 💜
Apparently Kobe is very upset with his team mates??lol *starts reading article*
that will be great
Follow My Dude He Follows Back Everyone, So Go Follow Him!!!
I will. I don't need your vans though! But I have to walk with Travis. I think.
Every time I see you tweeted I hurry up and tweet you in hopes that you'll follow me :) love you
damn right!
Who has two thumbs and is #WINNING right now? Oh, yeah, it's this girl.
": People really don't know what I've been through."
I was just informed its National High Five Day!
Love the move to get Colt McCoy as the backup QB.
love the new pic!!!!
do u have a certain lust for life? Yee
Ebert's very clearly not our guy. He never has been.
on it like like Mario on Yoshi
Brimming with excitement for May 4 Cactus show!!!
www.yeldahgoods.com all shirts just $9.99!!! #deal #sale. Check it out now.
I need my Hop fix. How much for a Bolduc pint?
Thank you participants. Congrats to , winner of a giftcard. Rock on, see you next week!
Forget the #5dollarfootlongs Revel has $5 Happy Hour tonight from 5-7!
I love it! Saw it last night. It spoke to me on so many levels. Dilation complete! Time 2 PUSH! Thank God for U
Great win by the in game one of the playoffs. Shooting, defense & the bench were on point. Hopefully Rose is not badly hurt.
The universe is trying to tell me something.
Another #graphicdesign accomplishment. postcards! :)
hey Macy moo i miss you cuzsin
Armed suspect apprehended last night on campus and suicide at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium tonight. Crazy weekend in
Coach Cal is so entertaining to watch during the game. Go
I would love too but I another commitment in NYC.
omg and now he has fleaaeeeaaaaasss?! June = Worst Boogie month ever. I love you u little nugget puppy - skunk/fleas or not.
is looking for a Controller - strong technical accting skills, JDE exp - GREAT OPPORUTNITY! Send me your resume !
Lakers stepped their D up tho
country bar love tonight in chinatown... Sigh
White is a possibility. I've had him going to the C's in prior mocks. But I think Ray Allen may be headed out of town soon.
Music is the universal language of the world.
“Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful or believe to be beautiful.” -William Morris
so was that tweet for me?
Thats it, I'm bloody gonna do something about this.
You bet Bill. Keep the great content coming.
Loves the way a zombie's head fits perfectly into her sniper scope.
LLS clothing is on it crafting new designs
It's funny how Mutha Fuckas come out of nowhere asking for a favor, when they aint did shit for you ever. WTF do I look like
~ Just giving you a shout out! Sunday's Show with Jeffrey was off the hook! Lots of fun as always! It was great seeing you!
Orangebloods.com has all the latest from the Under Armour and U.S. Army bowl practices as well as the 2011 grades for Texas coaches. ($)
wow! you are Ms. Thing today. I wanna hear abt that culture piece.
Do you have tickets?
is following back : Thanks very much. I'm happy to tweet you ;)
Or family!! RT #NeverShouldYouEver Lose your friends because of a Relationship
so im gunna trust you with my username and password ..since ur so awesome (: check ur DM
i wanna be followed! :3
thanks for including me! :)
“: #ItAnnoysMeWhen ppl confuse monetary wealth with success” ~ well said...
I'm going to need more days than just Mondays and Thursdays to teach...
I feel bad for the Rebel Alliance relay for life team, because after about 2am I'm probably going to either grumpy or a really big bitch
Great action on tonights poll (Please RT!): Who will lead the Miami Heat in scoring this season? Bosh, Wade or James?
goin great how r u? hope to see you at a show in september!
it's not a mybe , it's a yes
Ugh, why do you have to be so cute. :c
game beating #celtics/if you want to make a basket, then aim for the hoop/secret of a success/Aim for your goals like its
oh, my... Dude! Glad you're ok! Nice landing! :-/
never! You ruined last thanksgiving with that "roman candle in the turkey" stunt, so you starve this year.
yes yes I'm alive, just
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear tyler perry
to be honest, I believe that the vast majority of us are, myself included. Guess it depends on how you define it.
Two of our reps are at and the meeting is kicking off
Glad to be listening to you today
Best BOA day ever. Thanks for your leadership : Great day with the #BOA!!! Thanks to and
Wearing my gold sparkly ballerina slippers makes me feel like a queen!
Thanks for a great panel
Police confirms that the Utøya shooting is likely connected to the bomb blast in downtown Oslo.
I think I see him in the crowd!
the plan is you and I wrestling off at heavyweight next season
Can't wait til ur Tampa trip and looking forward to having my T-Time with u @ ur T-Party !
Jus made it to orlando florida. We in disney world something idk if ima child 4 ths nigga im haven fun. #Hit my line up if u want it or ...
thank you!
Great! You'll be an expert in no time.
Need beats?
Having no money sucks. Hopefully it's not wishful thinking to come into some money soon
Holy (base)balls just plunk everyone?!
One job to the next. Damn...
shouts to , one of the dopest in the game right now
Love Beauty Logic blog!!! Millie Almodovar here at Capelli D' Oro getting her hair done with Leslie Correa!!!
If you turn on cspan to the crowd outside of Newts campaign right now you will see why the rest of the world hates Americans.
Great to see #Broncos making great decisions again.
There is still time to enter for the RaeLynn's Boutique - Model Search | Dresses & Tuxedos! Winners chosen January 6, 2012
doesnt mean he likes me(:
- how'd he get your number?! And how'd he not know better?!
Bikers need to fuck off. I don't care how much exercise they're getting, they need to GET OFF THE GODDAMN ROAD.
We are not going to be at the ISS Long Beach show next week but we will have a dryer / printer on the RhinoTech booth #921, stop by LOOK.
Some people are SO weird.
Georgia is just having a lucky first half. I predict a beat down soon.
Packed room this morning at the Villanova Conference Center for our Leadership Conference! Looking forward to a great day.
Dear present-day NBA athletes: I get it. You're athletically gifted. Would it be too much to ask that you not travel on every posession?
subtitle to that article: straight from Kristina's nightmares.
Half the courtside ads are in Chinese, and the scroller has already gotten stuck three times.
Badge of honor!
like 2Weeks ago. I don't remember if I had someone check it for me. Dyslexia is a pain sometimes. I'll double check & resend.
Happy St Patrick's Day! He drove the snakes out of Ireland & explained the Blessed Trinity with a 3 leaf clover. Then he invented green beer
I have thoughts. But then I forget them like the one I just had...
get hip
“ RT : #Leo's think they are God's gift to sex. Well, they are, arnt they?”
I'm eating oatmeal with a knife. I wish that was a metaphor.
Just paid to get into fosters caf
I'm afraid of this storm.
What beautiful day
I know!! Were you at these days?
Will was so ready to commit. #GoodWife darn it Alicia... Its complicated. I know.
My wife's family is from Thailand & we've been there a lot-Let me know if you need any recommendations. Congratulations!
We better not lose this soccer game.
i could handle it
What performances are coming up that we should check out? Art, dance, etc..let us know!
#3WordsForYou go to hell.
Love to hear that! Glad you made it in
shannon likes old men and watching eminem have sex...
because, I've been single since forever, n I think is fun lol
Totally nite owl here.
The joys of losing a follower, yay
Hey everyone, how's it going?
Things not to do on an interview. Insult your interviewer.
Friday Photo Flashback: Cara at Milwaukee Irish Fest 2009 - www.theconcertstage.com/cara2009.html
No worries! *smooches*
Business calculus is truly the worst subject ever created!
Sorry I missed your tweet! 3316 Atwell St, 75235. Take Dallas Tollway, west on Mockingbird, L on Inwood, R on Lemmon, L on Atwell
And as soon as I type the last tweet, I get the text message. Suggs out for the season. Done!
Quote frm teacher "today APPR gets to tell me if I'm effective or not". I love how APPR has become the smoke monster from Lost
and to you, Fred!
What do I say!?
We will not hunger or thirst anymore—Rev. 7:16a...
High quality at low prices. Uniforms, custom shirts, embroidery, screen printing, and more in #PembrokePines. A proud #SouthFlorida business
easier said than done in my case
Lol PENIS! xD my funny friend is addicted to it lmao
Text marketing is really helpful in focusing a person directly by adding a personal touch just like email marketing.
Now planning dinner...So much to choose from...Steak, Chicken, Lamb, Ham...
yesterday was very upsetting .
Got home from #skywatching at the #park around midnight.
Was Moms too?
I agree. I rely mostly on dropbox.
This summer is straight the kids are out of my dorms : Oh Deb it's LONG overdue sis. Let's make it happen soon.
It's St. Patrick's Day! How about a nice green salad, IceDream, or green lemonade?
Haha! We see you !
What would Jesus say to #Homosexuals today? The same thing he would say to Heterosexuals. Turn from #sin (any sin), repent, & come to me.
sadly I'll have to go to bed as well since I have a big test tomorrow for 4 hours :/
Health Activist #s4pm (advocate too)
I thought a claymore was a sword but it turns out that it is in fact a bomb of sorts. s words for $200.
where are you
My burger is really good! Even at room temperature--I didn't get to eat it as soon as I got to the office-Darn meetings!
I knew this was going to happen. Dam!
had to get a banger for ya so I'm linkin wit da dopest producer in kc tonight! Ima be hittin u soon as I do
I sort of feel that way about the DNC. One more email from Pelosi/Perriello/Scott Murphy and I'm going to stay home nov. 3
Friend to friend, i have the biggest crush on aka hector zeroni
Eating good protein is important but so is NOT eating a ton of starch i.e. sugar.
Saw woo the crowd at his discussion. An education to be sure. Perfect example of writing = outlet/therapy/weapon.
Thanks for the RT Fred. It so easy for any of us to forget that.
lol love you too girl!!! And can you do 5 RTs..... if you want ;)
it hurts how i have to lose friends over disrespect and drama.
Thanks, Mike
I love my sister & all. But there's those days where she can be a little bitch.
$31 Halloween tattoos at Ascension Body Mod today
It's always hard to say good bye to a loved one. RIP Aunt Rosa.
that saves me the trouble of having to ask how much I owe you!
2/5/1777-> J. Hancock: The small pox has made such Head that I find it impossible to keep it from spreading thro’ the whole Army
I have to write an email I don't want to write. If I don't hear back I have to make a phone call I don't want to make.
RT : Special thanks to JOHNSON´S Baby Cares Council:
Vikings Bill Passes to Senate Floor.
is reading Official Book Club Selection (I know, it's a bit trashy, but ya gotta give in every so often)
What were the squads?
Matt Cantlon is performing now at Come check out his Free rush hour concert
what I mean judging from the things he's said in the past oh and I love-YA too :) !*)
Plus, bike lanes here are only seen as "recreational," and not an everyday transpo alternative here. (cont'd)
Yeah it's a pretty big mess as of now. :(
I'm so excited! And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Oh yeah!! Drivin to blackbird :)
“: In the most important election of this evening, Jermaine Paul has won The Voice. #IStandWithJermaine”
You said it. I feel the same way about things like TwitLonger. If it's over 140, get a blog.
nothing happened...thank god
I'm not arguing that it wasn't substantial, I'm saying weighing its substacial-ness is like weighing a feather and boat.
Let me know what you think!
I <3 what y'all do Jaime, Brian & Drew!
#2011Memories. When I walking In the cold with my brother and his friend and I didnt have a jacket so my brother gave me his <33
I wish bitch niggas would go extinct! #TeamDazzy!
i cried so hard last night... i told myself i wasnt gonna, but when the name of my friends came up i bawled, i didnt have a tissue though :(
For us as Messianic Jews the three paragraphs of the Shema point to the heart of all that we believe.
"transfixed" IS the word. In love now w/#Cartier...again :)))
Wheres my Yellow bootty shorts...ugh
Vringo Regains Compliance with NYSE Amex Continued Listing Standards
me too. Yam's when I get shit done, fools (like turning another year older). Whoop! #YAM!
so now niggas think this music shit is that easy smh...Serena
Glad you like it!
Spring Social: next Saturday, April 14, 2-5pm, all UTD A&H grad students and their families/guests are invited.
“: Packing and going to rado to be with mom and dad. Christmas in the 5280. #travelhome” yo babes in breck, Denver tomorrow. Eta?
Who are your receivers? I had Colston and Cruz, but I dropped Cruz for Welker last minute =/
45 wit my Yeezys, 38 wit my J's. If I throw on them Louie V's, yeah I'm takin the K!
Great - we'd appreciate that! We know many people are dying to see what the apartments and other spaces look like.
I'll probably end up watching the finale. I've done that before; miss the whole season, watch the finale. :-)
Well that broke my heart
I am so sorry I had to wait until Good Deeds came out at the Budget theater #itsarecession but I LOVED the film!! :-)
Absolutely! If you see any content that you think is truly innovated, let us know! We'd love to post it!
Yo check out . we def fuck w/ your music bro.
I swear the bird outside my window just said "pitchy pete" 3 times fast! I swear it!
We're getting hate for revealing these controversial tips. Well, retweet if you think the state's BAC threshold should be lowered to .05.
glad I could provide some entertainment for you tonight!
We looked through our records & there was never an email sent to you from us. Would you mind forwarding the 1 you have back to...
Hm...haven't updated in awhile....m. Not too much to say, just been doing the usual
Sweet dreams early morning cardio tomorrow! Bright & early
Loving Edward Hoagland's
we doin good:-)
how can I audition for Duets?
omg. Story of my life.
What the camera didn't show was that #Braun homerun hit a hole in the building & is still in flight, actually still on its way up
- Trey songz heart attack....
I see. Well get ya gf, I can't do anythin to help. I'm just a guy, remember :/
I hear ya! I love Trader Joes...can't wait....two more months and I can start shopping there again! :)
no much just like Rlly sleep aren't u sleepy 😃
RT : Stronger next year. Bleed blue
No disrespect
Holy shit. Girls can be mean
Was stuck in #awfultraffic but finally at the grad fair here in #LA and busy. Come see me!
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
1st problem...ghosting. PC and waiting - 2nd problem server down and waiting for reboot. Waiting is all I can do.
lol, frustrating morning commute??
So will you hit Cali tomorrow? Or Sunday? Inquiring minds want to know!
spending my Sunday doing my many projects for school, hw and a long boring awards banquet... gonna be a long day =P
#arentyoujustiredof how jb fans just hate selena for no reason
Listening to Riders of the Storm while driving in a storm is not only awesome, it is a little trippy
No--Thanks for the tip. Haven't seen it. I'll check it out!
Good Night and God bless you my man,,
We've got adv screening passes for Sacha Baron Cohen's much anticipated #TheDictator - Listen to at 730p to win!
 good one!! RT : The awkward moment when you go scuba diving and see Adele rolling in the deep.
Can Tebow do it against the pats today??
Today's testers, nice #job on the Yellow Belt
not funny
Storm chasers utilise test and measurement tools - E&T magazine
Use polling to get people to reflect and share. Polls keep people involved and engaged
lol..both!!...he's acting like a little kid fighting the sleep..
how would the 25th work for u?
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion. ~ Miguel de Unamuno
Southfield, mi ........near Detroit
Power went out long enough to reset all the clocks!
back in
Thanks for the follow!
forget coal.. i hope you get a hot steaming lump of .... for xmas :)
Me jealous. You in NYC
Hey, you should follow me!! WHY? Because I think you are amazing and you are one of my inspirations.
WHO IS BUYING VIP FOR THE SEATTLE SHOW TOMORROW.
I'm already reaching hun : )
That google logo is soo cute today! #HappyMothersDay !
"It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!" Enjoying it for everyone stuck in the office at their desk right now! Wish u were here! :-)
Good question. RT : Please define mHealth.
Contraceptive Used in Africa May Double Risk of H.I.V.
The earthquake has not affected anyone here... yet
In-House vs Out-of-House depends on content, timeline, project budget, etc. Sometimes it just depends on wanting a different look.
Insight Vacations Announces Top 10 Destinations for 2012
i know, likewise :)
driving ur niece around for prom..Lol who cares if u spelled it wrong, this is twitter. The important thing is they understood
Safe travels ! Stay away from those swimming pools, wouldn't want anyone to know you're faking the funk.
link me up to old dot
Sounds good. I won't be able to stay long b/c of the pup.
So happy to hear from you
Almost ran me into a FedEx truck by ignoring my blinker and blocking my merging into traffic. Maliciously, I would think.
#OneThingIReallyHate is those two faced ass ppl that go and open their mouth behind your back smh
Dues going up.
Mo Saki mo happy.
im comin for you. good luck. its hunting season now and ive got you in my sights bitch
Getting ready to compete at harrison!
I hope doesn't get mad that I'm still awake. :( But I just wanted to say that I love love him. I love him more than anything
Asked how many NFL teams there are.. Her answer? 47. I guess not all girls like football like I do.
How else am I supposed to procrastinate and stalk people?
Got a hair cut :)
Laugh just to hear yourself laugh; say you're sorry when saying it is the right thing to do; let go of the things u want 2 change, but can't
great butt girl!
I had to make another Twitter account cause my other one is for my Facebook pages. Haha xD
Is it too much to ask for a man to still fuck you while on the rag? stop being a fucking pussy and fuck that pussy.
hahahaha do funny
Your going to live long.
Get the fuck outta here wit dat weird shit
thx for the follow!!
these old fucks
Très chic! RT Sippin' out of juice cups. Breakfast of champions! (@ The Grape)
Detroit will continue to go down unless younger generations take over government there.
Thanks #Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder for #leadership in launching #NoKidHungry yesterday w/ Share Our Strength
Thank you!! Now I just hope turkey turns out!
What's a "just pony keg?"
Thats it, time for change mates. I bloody do mean it.
i agree!! Whats the big deal?!?!
Can't wait to see where you make that WTM video thingy. Huzza, huzza.
Thanks Forrest. It was a blast and they're a great group. Anytime my friend!
Slept in til 2 like a boss. Now to go get Clueless, which comes out on blu-ray today!
Shoutout to promoting that hot video site IVCTV.NET - leading off with GENA My Dip In The Club ...CLASSIC class sic!
RT : so happy is a part of the #likefather cast - he's one of my favorite actors to work with
what class?
When creating effective learning experiences, one provocative question is worth a hundred proclamations.
You fuckn bitch.(:
tonight?:D like the good ol' days?
latest mass mail from the Gov. of Va. marked spam by Outlook. Guess I better opt in that address since I work for a state agency.
yes and the sun never stays away for to long ;)
Woww their pathetic!! -__- Some people need to grow up.
Still in the long haul back home
if you want to get some karma points back for sharing - i sit a cube away from you.
Fog thinning nicely to the W & NW of MKE. Now mix of sun/clouds chance showers.
In a work survey asking about our "plans for New Years?" Only 12% answered getting "legless drunk by midnight"..I am questioning the voting
All bitches like is when they get treated like shit and get pushed over, then us nice guys suffer because were not what you "like"
There's a new face in the GC Accounting department this week! We're always excited to have new people--blog introduction coming soon!
Sometimes I wonder if people look in the mirror before they leave the house
thx! love ur music! cant wait till next time you and aero are in chicago! check for an update tonite for the badder santa pack!
Although i will be attending Capitol Punishment this weekend in DC plzzz dont let Rtruth touch that title.. im in your corner
Dream good. Don't get lonesome. Make up yr mind. Shake-up-yr-energy. Get something-like-ready. —For the mountainous world, waiting in ambush
hah! gotta love it! Go Bucks!
Double fisting: coffee and Diet Coke. Oh, and I am against crime and support charities that help children. You?
Packers Game Day! Who's heading up to Green Bay tonight?
YOU BEST BE COMING OUT HERE
“Remember what happened, but know that you cannot move forward while looking backwards
I don’t like to gamble, but if there’s one thing I’m willing to bet on, it’s myself.
therein lies the genesis of the new trust issues
This is going to be fun...work to midnight
MY MAN!!!!!!!! what kind of beers you want tonite, ill pick em up
Ugh all the ppl in a relationship stop complaining yhu ungrateful bastards
New "SNOCLOTHING" Shirt Coming Soon!!!
Our site is back up & running folks! Get your fancy on
school tomorrow
bye! Have fun at school !<3
We want to encourage our followers to also follow and RT , , & for local updates
#ashwednesday mass in med school chapel at noon today
Getting my nails done for prom. :)
let's make it live perhaps? KG said maybe in Ep. 11
Don't get me wrong, I think you're awesome!
When laughing at me
Thanks Pauline, I hope u have an awesome weekend \m/
Ooh, it's the birthday of ? John, I hope you have a tremendously happy birthday!
yeah i'm too annoyed by the press to listen to the new kanye. i never really moved past late registration
#quotes The only pressure that you use in a professional selling presentation is the presence of silence after the closing question.
Up to a $400 air credit to Aruba. Book in July for travel through mid-December.
I FUCKS WITH RON PAUL! #WHOOP!
IT is only as good as the people using it. There are wonderful healthcare IT products, the docs just dont know how to use them.
Did you hear about the football team who ate too much pudding ?They got jellygated !
Maybe we should turn around
Huh. I would fail at that. I hated cataloging. I appreciate it, but don't like doing it.
That is a terrific solo piano Christmas Album!!
think this calls for emotion HappySad! Will miss you! But adventure you!
Get pumped! Get pumped! Site on way señors!
oh I forgot you went bigTime - congrats tho!
NO he can't.. James Jones is more one dimensional than Steve Novak..............
Well this isn't LeBatard or papi! Twitter guy for #DLHQ, shape up and don't sound like a default machine.
"Innovate or die. Innovate or be irrelevant" - Wilson fr USC's Annenberg school encourages foundations to embrace risk
overblown, yet oddly exciting....
Aw man... our girl scout cookies are almost gone. :(
I'm watching from home. Finally, fans can watch the game free of my tyrannical fandom.
woodson would probably be the classiest player on your conair jets
Lots of lightning, coastal storm like those from my childhood in Houston. Glad I still keep a habit of a backup battery alarm clock!!
Don't tell me you haven't finished something cuz the system is down & then when I say it's up, tell me you're just NOW getting to it. Grrrrr
Between 4-6pm, you can meet and in Lenexa at Kansas Sampler. Don't forget to stop by!
Brian Eno's ambient albums.
“: Two days until my 2nd anniversary. I'm trying to think of a few more good gifts for Jason.” A swift kick in the ass?
What is santorum talking about. This tangent is way too far.
aww thanks dear :) *le turtle hugs back*
Oh, and the answer to the question - Glenn Gould playing Bach is pretty damn good brain/study music.
im knowing,i inboxed you on fbook a nigga aint get a reply back
I will pray for that soldier & family...
I'm so much happier now than I was then... Rid of it.
Thanks for following! Watch for daily updates and promotions from the culturally-inspired Tee shop!
Hello Act Now Network, thanks for following.
The chest tattoo can be very painful. Awesome when it's done well. And it's a big piece of space so choose wisely..
yes it felt good lmao.....jk
. encourages AAS to develop policy and recommendations for digital reproduction.
Wanda got a man? I wanna man! Who's Wanda? lol RT : WANDA GOT A MAN!!?! AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!
yes and yes
Don't laugh.
He's the greatest. just a great man all around. love love him too
RAW Heat and Ice on sale for 1 for 15 and 2 for 20 at Seven Springs! Best of luck to all the dancers! :)
#Chiefs Rookie Camp Brandon Kinnie was catching the ball away from his body today. It was impressive to see him grow from Friday to Today.
Love that movie!
"Your mom named you after bottled water!!!!" - mary katherine gallagher
Social media helps fuel AND control sports rumor mills.
I don't know a single thing about the Casey Anthony case.
ME I HOPE
If you are on the treadmill, walk at a good tempo whilst pumping the arms. If your goal is #WEIGHLOSS you must walk with purpose & LET GO!!!
Enjoying another Friday off. A guy could get used to this.
Bleh, I have an awful taste in my mouth...
I thought driver was going to retire before that tweet. I think he and the packers know whats going to happen
Been sick, so light #beer flight. Schlafly No. 15 and Schlafly Scotch Ale.
It just did it. I'm listening to an intvw & it rewinds & plays the last 10 mins over & over again w/out me doing anything to it.
sounds like its time to buy! buy! buy!
He said it! "But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to." - Michael Jackson
: Congratulations on becoming part of the iEARN Australia management team!
I'm more interested in U as a humanist. Why would U suggest I think about starting a business? Have U done it? I'll listen.
Nor light dusting of snow 'maying' NYC look gorgeous. There is a jet lag, it just surfaced in syntax. : )
Pat Barry looks like someone shrunk Frank Mir and took away all his skills.
o u mean the house dub of Shot Caller … Montana err bananas. Big tune !
I've been avoiding the internet lately.
i know you don't believe that clippers game thoss refs need to be fired
Listening to
Happy Mother's Day - drink wine!!
Today I was in 3 states (I think), saw 3 rainbows, and wrote one song (while driving ;). Not bad in my book!
Played Lords of the Silver Seas (aka #PiratesDBG) and #Dungeon World with sand worms, scarab men and hot bastet sorceresses!
what is the name of that guy who impregnated J.Lo? is he a singer? sorry, i don't have Google.
My girlfriend is better than yours
Great stuff this week from men. Looking forward to firing up the blog and working more with these guys. First up: Sprinters.
#DMFSU was bad A!!! Thanks for having us!!!
Will always live in our hearts
so when you gonna be in Chicago? We got other queens here...!!
is watching #TheBachelor... hoping Ben F finds love!! All the best to him!
RIP Dick Clark :-( A True Legend
yea u did! But I understand...I still love u
Its time to wash my hands clean of this mess. Never again, with each experience I only get wiser. . .
I don't know...
Disecting frogs in biology class>>>
ZeroSpinePain is going international.
Why? I don't know lol RT : White people LOVE Sir Charles!!!
Even though I'm only sixteen. :)
Happy Election Day here in Wisconsin
Hope you guys have a great day today
if you want a follow back tweet me :)
I've cried so much :'c
haha who took this?
Yosemite on friday night if your in the park Friday night come check us out.
Any word on Kobe not playing? I'm guessing he'll be a game-time decision? Keep up the good work Koz!!
Slowly chipping away at #Soulstorm. This solar system will be taken in the name of
After all the things that I've been through?
It was a beautiful weekend for tons of races in the metro #Atlanta area! Where did you run?
I just ate a significant amount of pizza... I've enriched your lives with this knowledge, you're welcome.
Do we have first hour tomorrow?!
Today is the anniversary of the birth of I think we can all agree this was a momentous occasion in all our lives Happy Anniversary
I'm done with social networking sites never joining a new one ever again
thanks for playing awesome music to work to on a rainy Monday. Mayonaise by Smashing Pumpkins is A-OK with me...
Three Twins at Fillmore & Haight - free organic ice cream giveaway today! Tips go to Friends of the Urban Forest, who plant trees in SF.
Thank you.
To all our San Franciscans, make sure to get out and vote today!
seriously... I'm so screwed.
if i can get outta bed ill be there. Im slammed with work this week. Will try my best. Remind me the day before. Xo
when he was answering ?`s my internet went down then it came back when he performed his last song <3
ISO: Graphic Designer (unpaid position, great opportunity to be of a great start-up community project), please RT!!
Police: Autistic children trapped in a caged room "reached their arms to grab" detectives and once free, "were excited and smiling." kgw 6
: “: the beats are pretty dope” thx pimp let me know which 1 ya'll rock with!
how cool so ur famous pretty much? thats amazing haha :)
Tap List cont... Devotion Blond Ale, Red Chair NW Pale Ale
RT : A4- Absolutely need to dominate the entire 1st page of Google for your name. Showcase talent on those networks
i won't if she treats you right
Thanks for the extra tweets on that topic great job filling in for #maddow btw
really pissed at myself for choosing Brave New World to be my independent novel.
I know :'( I don't even want to bring it up but I know me either lol :)
Lol...okay...thanks
man. that has ACTUALLY happened so many times.
Prepared for the coming Gus Johnson explosion at the end of Xavier-KState...he's due...
=( the concert is 40$, and it`s sunday. Don`t think I can go now=(
All I wanna do is crawl back in bed with E, n and not die
The mariner's bound to tell of his story To tell this tale wherever he goes To teach God's word by his own example
Brent Musberger went from exuberance to agony with that last tip-in!!!
Mile 10 is always harder than mile 2. Fight to have that same zeal you had in the beginning of your journey even when the running gets tough
Uh my big ex wants to move/find a job in chicago. Can this get any better?
heyy follow back?
XBS fans will be happy to know all podcasts were recovered and I've uploaded them to Mediafire. I'll post links soon.
thank you!
In Reno baking brownies! Have a good weekend, my friends!
Living on the future edge, read it and find out more about moore's law
It took them 45 days to get an arrest for george zimmerman now they wanna let him back out wit his wife to jus chill?? #No bail
Oh? Do tell.
I'm not very good at saying thank you. I need to be/get better at it.
There's so much on my Sustenance board that I'm dying to make!!!
I'm not a fan of Figgins, but the speed and utility type play would help here.
your like 3480398409 feet taller than me. -_-
I need a new logo*
Why does today feel like a Monday?????
thanks Greg I was mowing and missed Mikes tweet. How was it?
Vacation rental home available in Maricopa Arizona. Brand new bungalow close to The Duke golf course. Call 1-866-465-3231 for details
We have a potential new summer menu item to try today...a MIMOSA cupcake! Champagne cake with an orange zest whipped cream frosting!
shut up when you talk to me!
But I think when you start considering your favorite films, enjoyment and skill often collide.
Are you an independent landlord with a vacancy? We'd like to help you rent your unit in exchange for feedback about our product. Contact us!
would've been better if they used cats as the medium. Don't you agree?
Thanks for the follow! Lookin' forward to your tweets!!
OKC. See ya later.
I missed who won. I am sure WVU got jobbed again by refs that don't call fouls on Pitt or traveling when Pitt takes 5 step layups.
missing someone?
Everytime I watch , I immediately feel the need to throw on a fur vest/coat. Does it matter that its 10pm & no one will see? Nah
As long as I have my family and real friends I will never need anything else. Everything else will fall into place
YOU'RE SUCH A DISNEY FAN !!! xD <3 DISNEY xD LET ME GUESS ..SEBASTION SINGING FROM " ARIEL" xD
So every site we have on just went down. Awesome. Database issues.
Why hot sauce lol
Go Cody!! You have gotten big! Wow to go! You r amazing <3
did u grow up a star trek fan? enjoying the broadcast & thinking u have a 'esqe cadence
thanks for the tweet! Let us know if we can help you out in any way.
Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity
<<<Follow & RT>> night everyone & all you beautiful ladies out there in this world ;-)
I hate when girls hair is up to their ears and than wear extensions down to their ass the next day ..
But yes im alive people..just been trying to get myself together & the last thing i need are distractions
The culture was manufactured by the auto industry and reinforced by big oil. 1) High speed rail 2) Huge investment in public transit.
- We'll be sponsoring some Oakland students soon. Stay posted to support some of Oakland's own!
Feels good to be back in the big d.
#LeesvilleMemories giving this guy good buckets
Got my mind on my money and my money on my mind
Constantly being active and pursuing your passionate - what's not inspiring about it?
#Dog psychology and human psychology can from time to time be similar and other times are completely unalike
good afternoon world lol
absolutely - one of the best things about spring
Just caught up with last nights episode.. So sorry!! :( #biggerthingsahead!! #chinup!
drake concert?!?!??
Purple nail polish ahh yeah!
yes!!! I wish :') right? I think so too
Thankful to see Another Day!
..come on!! ASAP!! I have a guest room set up just for you.. Lol
Where can we find more info about the internship for Lacey?
So sad to hear about #JuniorSeau I hated him when he played for San Diego, that's the ultimate sign that he was a great player.
Sonic of #Baltimore would like to wish all the moms out there a Happy Mother's Day!
Great advice! RT : Not being able to do it all is no excuse for doing nothing.
I can't stop listening to the teaser guys asdfghjkl
Hubby walked thru market while wearing his redskins jacket. We were stopped by someone 'shocked to meet another fan'.
will there be a iphone5
Jack Sikma, Fred Roberts, Marty Conlon, Frank Brickowski, Sidney Moncrief, The Big Dog and Darvin Ham Slamwich combined.
We see faces in the clouds, but never clouds in faces, because we have special cognitive modules for face detection. -- Jonathan
": Totally beat after Aerobox at Aerospace gym with + Amazing class!" SO BEAT. But so good.
Im watching all of 's keeks!!:D
stupid nightmare
Almost caught up on
I hate annoying people. Omg. Kill me.
New icon ;)
ah! can't wait, we're hoping to do a california trip this year
congrats ! You've won $100 Plum Dollars to use ! We can't wait to hear what you spent your plum bucks on!
Awesome - let me know if any questions? RT : starting caveman diet on Monday...wish me luck! :)
My POL 300 Field Project looks bomb. The appendix alone makes the paper weigh half a pound. If this doesn't secure me a B- idk what will
RIP Don Cornelius
Someone got tagged by an OZ! Holy crap! Basically, you guys should be terrified cause we hand picked these OZs and they are very good. # ...
How was ? Did you get to meet him? Send pics.
Maury is pure Ratchetness; i say this at least once a day HA(:
Everybody needs a good friend to believe in them. ~ Lori Brewer
I desperately need a hair cut
will definitely check out her music!
It's bad manners to say "I love you" with a mouth full of lies.
Have you been enjoying ur #skeeball with ! What do you like most?
Baltimore police have somebody on my roof at gunpoint. Never a dull moment.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will. Vince L
detention sucks...
I give up
It's an islamaphobic blog and it is hilarious at best.
There is more people who WANT it then HAVE it.
Linda Lewis is giving the invocation. Remember her moving speech about love and light last year?
The Nine Lives of Chole King♥♥
Same to you bud! RT : Great times with the best of friends
Hey someone is hacking your account and sending me spammy messages.
don't get hit by a cab
i wont b online all day buti have twitter on my phone
Nope. As long as you're over 18, we'll consider you.
So were your boys cheering for the Sox at that spring break game in DC or Baltimore (I forget which)? Cool.
Beautiful Day to be working on Fences! Lots of proposals to work on... :) How about we do one for you?
Friday night Football game
“: Welcome to America. Where obesity is genetics and being homosexual is a choice.” preach it, sista!
why why why cant i be a nice bitch why
When You Have Truly Worked Hard & Strived 4 Somethin, Your Future Will Be Rewardin.
Chick-fil-a on the brain is pretty tough to overcome. :D
Lmao !! I'm the mascot!
Well we ll get them next yr i guess.
#ItsAllFunInAndGamesTil someone gets pregnant(;
Use your mind first in fitness. -MindFirstFitness
Come undone, surrender is stronger. I don't need to be the hero today...its all for one love<3
can i come and keep you company on ur plane ride? we can arm wrestle...;) lol jk.. or was i?
Happy V-day to gals & ladies!! Interviewing pick up there new album 'world view'
Listening to #TheWindow . Narrow Minded Critics I can really relate too...good shitt.
what you up to :*
I'm great! Working a contract right now, that I love + selling wine! Life is good! How's biz?
i love my music lol
Thank you, bike helmet.
So my cheddar corn chowder made enough to feed a small nation. Will have enough lunch for a week on the plus side...for me and eight others
Thanks for hosting us last night, we had a great time. You have an awesome group!
Had a extra nice nite wit him last nite it scared the shit out of me that i might really like this dude
no good hot wings in Kerrville
Odd. I'm thankful that it appears to just be a bad charger, and not an issue with my phone itself. Thank goodness!
From my sis...New for 2012: call everybody "pardner"
u stupid
I don't watch tv, and if I do it's just to watch spongebob.
Dr. Veronica Dujon made the essential point: alliances across affinity groups are critical to sustainable social movements.
Yes i'm over you but it just pisses me off how you;ve lied to me all this time
killed it just now at Mash Up!!
Congratulations. We're glad to hear he chose to Tech. He clearly has strong decision-making skills.
i just got home from the worst night of my life.
Be sure to join us at Zarletti every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday during the month of March and enjoy half off all bottles of Barbaresco
I'm sorry, but how do the #Braves get away with the Tomahawk Chop?
: also there are tons of Fear and Loathing references in this movie.
"The" tall Tom?
See you then!! #Yeah buddy!!!
congrats to for qualifying!!!!!!! Much love!!! #yeshimahugefan <3
The way adam talks about me >>> lmfao this kid. <3
#OWS | #NoNATO | What part of budget deficit, debt ceiling, austerity, recession is not clear? No money to be wasted in wars/$ WMD.
Just one of those nights I guess...
follow back.!!
Due to HVAC work in Room 2250, the air handling system will be shut down . Apologies for the inconvenience.
Today was a success.. :)
I agree.
#TEAMSTHATCANBEATTHELAKERS speedway's 7th grade bench
Wise words from : "PARTY TIP: If you love your life, your life will love you back."
I hate when that happens!
I try not to talk bad about bands, but they arnt the best! Music is our/my life so it's sad when bands like that make it big!
just saw the movie "Cabin in the Woods"....and I feel like saying something, but actually don't know what to say. #cray-cray ???
I do broadly assume people that follow me know that, but the general #30Rock viewing public may not.
No! But I would stay up REALLY late! Even when I had school the next day! It was ridiculous! I had to take medicine for it!
Found my gameboy, oh it's gonna be a magical night.
i don't have dimples! or snake bites!
Correction! It was ! Credit where credit's due
u are scrapers for blue rags it about dat red rags
Nigga I know where you live shut that shit up RT : Hop off my man, damn. Lol. ": Got big plans this summer
Replacement of MARC as a carrier for RDA, need to transition from MARC another key RDA condition
Looking for a VP of Human Resources for an exciting diverse company in the Greater Seattle Area.
Is back to writing after a nice vacation
Twinkies w. the chocolate filling (:
AJAJAJAJJAJJAJJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAAAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA are :B
Cause god gave me u for the ups and downs. God gave me u for the days of dought.
#Imagine licking your pussy, then you orgasm and then he starts going up your body slowly and sucking your skin<3
I really love your inspiring quotes! I read them daily.
For what does it profit a man to gain the whole world and lose his soul?
Whew! Glad we arrested that terrorist.
Im staying at a cheap place down the road, but i can still enjoy the views. lol
Tempted to switch scripting languages: #scala is fast and powerful, but the syntax is ugly. #python is pretty; but dynamic typing isn't.
Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
We hope it was her best one yet! Thanks for picking us for the special occasion!
Thoughts become things! I thought about a cup of black tea this morning - I had it in my hands by noon. Next thought - building an empire.
Thank you, sir!
When your ready to be muture enough to love me, call me then.
only the real guidos come from brooklyn lol have you ever been to new york
The Morning After Pill sold in a vending machine. Where and why it is happening on the CBS 58 Morning News.
when/will you be playing a show in Los Angeles any time soon???
Just spoke to someone else at the bank. She said, and I quote exactly "it's because of the fraud." THE fraud, as if there's some famous one?
Women may face different and sometimes more difficult challenges in business. Some pointers on how to overcome them -...
On YouTube, Whitney's Grammy performance of "One Moment In Time" gives you goosebumps on top of goosebumps. Great talent.
Thx! Funny, I was gonna Spark you but wasn't sure if you were around...
phew...and thanks for reading it.
Dog returned "still blinded" and won a Dog Collar match over Hayes drawing more than 26,000 fans to Dome
cool, can you share on here?
Ideas. I got em.
Can't wait to watch at #KCA!
#IfonlyYouCould realize that not all guys are like him. He's as fake as a ken doll. Stop kissing his ass. Open your eyes!!
you good fam?
RT : Happy Earth Day is trending. Yes, enjoy Earth. While you can....
#raypartyof5 family time!
lol oh i feel stupid :)
Ah, can't see anything in my apartment, Clooney's smugness is fogging it up
Guess I found my answer. Too bad the episode leaked online :D
@ sydneys house bout to watch a movie xD
I guess it's better than burning a bench player just to bunt. And hey, it's the Pirates
WAKE WAKE!!! It never easy to wake up early. You think I would be use to it by know. Off to the gym I go.
We asked for that and the agent said that wasn't an option. That would sure be nice customer service if they could do it.
Convenient downtown SF locationCall for free phone consultation
#iwca: Whitaker says step 1 is to train wcenters not to judge writers who have e-discourse in academic prose but to see e-d as a home lang
Thank you for the photo. My stomach just grumbled: "Gimmie one of those right now!"
don't owe nuthin 2 no bodies
I think I may be too old for mosh pits....
I want to have an intense battle with someone in scramble with friends. username: joshwesleep
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for listening!
I am already getting excited for next week's discussion! cc:
oh yea
I Love MAD Magazines =)
already got you on instagram
why would I go for the weekend? ... Oh are they? Least I'll know you be in town fatboy!
Thanks for the follow
I come back to twitter, and I see people talking about Alex's crotch.....that must of been an interesting concert........
What does #oomf mean? Im new lol sorry
we are going to the grocery store today in school..... what the heck. :p
We have a guinea pig who is going to test it out along with an exercise program and document everything the guineapigproject
Hispanic Museum of NV Grand Opening... The Seagulls @ UNLV... Le Thai...
"Happy New Year in Different Languages
i know im being nitpicky here, but the clip vs the Ravens starting at 38 secs was from the season before. Good video though.
Ready to go home falling asleep in geometry
Ah, but I know a fax is going to be ignored; people will actually read a letter.
I just got an android phone today. Liking it...
Sitting in fedex kinkos waiting for assistance. Both clerks are assisting customers and the other 5 customers are pissed.
you're welcome! You'll have to come back to Hana soon!
": #stella"how many left
World Premiere tonight at Stateside theater at 7pm tonight!!
it always is! And it will probably be what ties my comparative dissertation together. A litmus test of sorts.
lol I know :s
I need a red marker NOW!
Everyone goto the hooters in Monroeville tonight for the bikini contest!
Im having a Graduation BBQ :D im excited.!
omg stop being so amazing sometime:)
A special thanks to Beyond Star of Sandy Springs, GA for making a connection with us through Merchant's Circle.
Hey Skip, I was wondering who you picked to win the super bowl this year.
I want to be like Shaq when I grow up. I want to be 7'2. Nah I can't be 7'2? #LiveYourDreams b.
RT : Online tickets for sold out. But you can buy them at the door. :-)
why thank ya
Just saw premiere of the film 50/50 with Seth Rogan and Joe Gordon Levitt. Really good, best I've seen in 2 years.
Great Job on Good Day LA this AM!!!!!!!
That's awesome! Congrats!! :)
hey chachi i ordered #chachimommapants a month ago and still didnt get them
Thanks! No, we need to be out by tomorrow. We talk a big game about working from home until we find an awesome new office space
agree with you on ebay, but I still think Pandora design is pretty good, at least on main music listening interface
Retired Aerospace Engineer Debuts into the Literary Spotlight
Are you free on Sunday for brunch?!?! Cannot wait to go back to Zenith.
I had two bowls just now...one was cereal
Hey Rahid! Any chance you're planning on being near O'Hare in the next hour or so?
Already designing new lines for #CountryFloors. My mind is blowing up with ideas! Just not sure if any will make it to #Coverings????!
Omg when Glee is finally over...i know im gonna cry like a freaking baby.
some of those campers are nicer than my home!!
I'm certain: it is not good.
no way. It took me way too long to beat lvl 4. Today I may try for 3 stars.
making a girl smile is worth it right? Then plz follow us nd me make us smile as for it means a lot :)
It's the last day to help kids and have your gift matched by Text 4KIDS to 20222 to turn $5 into $10.
blue gatorade forever
hey yeah your reading this! arnt you;) well you should make my rainy day good aand follow me!(: <33 U!
Well I Jacked that up pretty well...
If ur sneezing and have itchie eyes RT and say me!
This race to success is a marathon, not a sprint!!!!!
My roommate and her friends are having a conversation about chores/cleaning right now.. it's ironic cause she's the messiest person I know.
Cause I can't make you love me if you don't. You can't make your heart feel something it won't.
Wish I Didnt Have To Workk
1+1=2 I'm the theory and you're the proof.
Sometimes I really hate UB.
if you can help me stop the "your user name has signed in from another location" AIM message, I'll buy you 's new book RT
Going to see what state the Housatonic is in today
It's great to be a Tennessee Vol!
Sorry changing my profile a bit before I leave by big bro
i'm an old school ChulaVistan/Bonitan ..under my breath i'm saying CheeseLake instead of Eastlake lol
Total Recall: Chimp Movies In what's becoming an adorable annual Earth Day tradition, Disney will release the latest installment in its s
The media spends so much time fawning over the Kardashians and our children get the silent treatment when it comes to child sexual abuse.
Happy Fourth-O-July from ya boys in Nemesys!
IM SO EXCITED MY NEW NEPHEW, NOAH, WAS BORN THIS MORNING AT 8:35 AM<3
K we're here.
good stuff Charlie... Keep it up! Are you a singer?
Now I'm afraid to fall back asleep
My pics better have turned out or ill be pissed.
it's all s fault...he washed that shirt
Really looking forward to working with you — Moo + Inman = Awesome! cc:
excuse me?
It was wonderful seeing everyone tonight! We hope you enjoyed the event :-) We encourage feedback on Twitter, Facebook, email, or LinkedIn!
At least and the Royals and Thunder are doing good.
Just watched Cloverfield, which I had been told sucked, but since there wasn't anything else I watched it.
we! I'm getting dizzeeeeeee! Cool, Emily!
my jam
Planning has started for the 3rd Annual KGO Beer Festival - looking for a new venue - stay tuned for more info.
feels similarly, but I actually like it and think that there is value in it. I'll send you the links and convos.
An autographed book makes a perfect stocking stuffer - only $10 and I'll send it to your doorstep. Shoot me a reply and it's yours tomorrow!
Holy shit, man! I mistook "FULL SIZE" for studio scale. Never mind.
Or, gay. RT Truth. RT : Non-existant. RT : Genuine people of the male species where r u.
Thanks very much - will check you out as well!
And I'm doubt it that I'll start working out. :P
in the past 10 years billy Joel has had more billboard hits with his car than his piano
music has started
Happy Good Friday !(:
Saturday Night! Come party Vegas style! Contact me for free admission +limo ride!
We ordered sushi tonight and my 4-year-old ate most of it. She picks up sashimi and says, "fishy" and takes a bite. Hilarious
ha ha u have a bug-a-boss???
The are a lot of companies that a bad mojo. Be wary of them.
Looking for a reason to play hookie? Take a #ziptrip to Lift tickets are on us!! DM or call 410-685-1867 for deetz
u got a dark horse for celebrity apprentice?
watched the hawaii & philippines episodes of Anthony Bourdain No Reservations...this doesn't help in achieving a negative calorie intake
wow, talk about perfect ♥.♥ im speechless.
Yes. u there or at Marquette game? Or are u at both?
LMAO! remember when we were putting the butter through the straw..that was a fail bahaha
love the picture with blonde hair. its very pretty.
thanks.! I am deciding what to do with Facebook.!
Happy Saturday folks! Reporting nice and early today in order to cover the snow expected to come our way...Tweet your weather photos!
RIP field mouse. You were a cunning and worthy adversary, I salute you.
Pray to God that he would forgive me and everyone else
I heard humans will be immortal by 2026.
Can see me completely ruining my toms before florida.
yes finally!!! Took them a few days, We were also without water! #windbecrazy Any damage over there?
we have got a lot of Milwaukee fan feedback about !
Doing well. I'm a procrastinator so I stay busy. All well in your parts?
Thanks for the RT on the countdown to #IDODI Global Finals!
Thus begins the 27 day cram session for the DAT
It is impossible to actually speak to someone at UPS. It's like everyone but the people who deliver are automated.
Happy belated Birthday, Chad!
Ahh...Meal from hell. Good luck eating that.
Just recorded Nick Carter for the youtube ministry!he did amazing!encouragement of the heart 2 up by tomorrow!go check it out! HE>i
30 Students just arrived all the way from Iowa State University
Who's watching SNL right now me!!! Lol
Omg just followed my other account :) I'm soo happy thxs Austin omg!!! :)
While you're waiting around for tonight's match to start, make sure you catch Philadelphia - Columbus on at 2:30 Central!
Emerald recruits for equal opportunity employers.
I am changing my name to JJ.
When you get home
-__- I dont like it when people make jokes about me. Its not funny.
Yes, there is even a whole wikipedia article on it.
The way I fixed the hack the last time was to remove this one file that I noticed was in my hacked sites but not my others.
My cat whines like a little kid. She's so cute.
looks like you had a successful event. Hope your well!
aw shit pettitte's back tomorrow!
2/4 App Special: Creole Seared Sea Scallops with Garlic Spinach & Caramelized Onion Reduction Sauce
Hold up wait a minute
Rain and wind starting to show up from hurricane Earl. It could hardly be more humid - whew.
These late night convos >>
Agreed. Really suprised there was not more.
thank you Mark! It's Dustin :) I co-own with &
HAHA. I feel dumb. I swear they have the same specials.
Less than 20hrs till 2012 oh boy..
splatter painting?
The Socialcam app could be cool but defeats itself with some bonehead things. Needs to work harder on making people love it vs just try it.
Apple Scotland....having a wee bit of trouble.
Which is to say I'm really enjoying where I am with my current #writing project.
haha it's okay! I thought it was funny!
You are welcome! I haven't seen them perform, but I've heard RAVES, and would like to be in a place where I could see them.
Sometime I love the unpredictability of my workdays, today is not one of those days.
You've faced near death situations in dreams, but you've never actually died in your dreams.
If I had a sex change, I would change mine to more
so far saw nikki, everett, mackie, jess, and walker here. and will too :)
Did you know: We're one of the very few (42) places in Texas that's actually licensed for laser hair removal.
Thanks for the follow!
So annoyed.
That's funny (:, seldom is an address a cause for laughter, and, it sounds like you are a loving parent. (:
I loved that interview. He provided many, many nights of reading w/ my kids. What a gift. Also, smart ass :)
felling good... just finish my wings... flossed my teeth...I'm all good
“: It's kinda chilly out .” word. I'm really cold >.<
It's getting hot in here!!!
Haven't seen the Avengers yet. Bad blogger! Bad!
Are you wanting riot grrrl band suggestions or just female band suggestions in general?
Sybil Adelman~ Ok. Sex is fine. Sex is good. Sex is GREAT Okay okay we need men for sex... Do we need so many
Welcome to the greatest thing ever. Congratulations.
I LOVE my
Bob Brenley is now ripping the sad bunt. Progress!
Keeping really busy, couple logos and a website at the moment! Working with the wife has been pretty dang good so far.
Donated bottled water, canned food, sanitary napkins, medicines to help people experience flooding. In many sectors In Thailand.
Vjax or Torrain Flex this week?
If I miss Riverwest it won't be for the fucking gunshots.
walkers numbers are the same as Iran's election numbers.
Ready to fail this Economics test today.
Thx for the info, and good to know some drs do not use progesterone. It gave me ALL the PG symptoms.
It’s #NationalPopcornDay! Have you tried ’s truffle oil popcorn or ’s popcorn w/ pimenton?
I MISSED YOU SO MUCH ;D
very cute!!
hows tricks dude?
nothin just fuckin tite ... my whole day just went upside down i new some bullshit would happen today
whether you will be happy beliebers in Indonesia?
MCA from the Beastie Boys died. Crazy week.
I shoulda went to school for nursin cuz i swear im bein a better nurse to my son den the nurses here
Oh wait #FirstFridays and Club Vissions tomorrow for BDAY Party ok crackn weekend.
Finals will be over soon, and everyone will be able to relax. :)
We will miss you! RT Celebrating my "last" night in the ATL w great friends. Having awesome dinner at Parish's communal table.
turned now you aint got yo lady and late at night you toss and turn but you soon forgive and forget and you live and learn then the bitch
going to start my workout regimen sometime this week
AFC South Divisional Schedules for the 2012 NFL Season
In the giant white rapist van? Okay, I see you now! Hi!
Philadelphia Sets Sights On Becoming America's Next Big Tech Town, and we are part of of it
FACT -- USA's Incarceration Rate at an ALL-TIME Historic-High as Millions of Humans are Locked-Up -- Costing Billions $$$.
dude i love n.e.r.d.
Been fighting a cold all week. Huge weekend for !!! Y'all are gonna love this scene. It's hilarious! So excited.
there's a twitter for ????? *Instant follow*
CFIMITYM = Cash flow is more important than your mother
Great Bella Thorne came online and my timeline is flooded with spams sent to her -.- <3
I won't hold my breath...
Not too much -- sign says "Southern Inspired" -- heard it's more upscale cuisine and breakfast, opening 12/1
See if that tweet was about me btw :/.
follow back ?
it was great! So many talented performers came out to see us at !
Thanks! Are you #teamsales or #teamfinance?
“: where u staying?”<I'm about to leave cedar hill an head to mesquite
I haven't yet read up on but as long as he's running against Eric Cantor, he's got my support.
He's such a little baby ugh
Hats off, honor and BIG thanks to all of those whom are serving or have in the past. God bless and thank you for Freedom. Freedom isnot free
Ya think Newt Gingrich will have his grandkids doing janitorial duties at their school(s)?
serious, perfect timing. Have mine. We can all take pics of our offices later!
hahaha . It was for a good time!! Hahaha
Sorry if I'm blowing up your phone (; goin on a tweeting rampage.
The afternoon early birds????
#family is important. From start to finish.
Merry Christmas!
Enjoy a positive, prosperous and productive day, lovelies!
You can't take back the words you NEVER said.
Hoolllyy poop, my sister just hit a car.
Climax by Usher is so sexy
Fire in the disco...Fire in the Taco Bell...Fire in the disco...Fire in the gates of hell
I hate being sad and then getting mad that I'm sad.
I'm shooting a wedding today, so it'll either be in the evening or while I'm on the road
Bored as hell #Bored # Swag
How do I reach the stars, when I don't have a spaceship?
you can grab ears now???
Who? You got me fucked up.
had an AWESOME morning on set! so much fun & talented group
Forgot when IRE was again ...
You need to be able to love yourself, before you can love someone else.
Happy New Year, everyone! I'm currently fixing up a great lunch for some dear friends. Here's to an amazing year! *cheers*
Drama lead actress: Julianna Margulies in Good Wife.
A pic of a Washington trillium. Taken today on a great hike :)
yikes! I better step it up! Haha Wordpress training here I come.
It's so damn boring!! I never do anything here on the weekends. I can't wait to come home
Librarians are over helpful. Be simpler.
I've watched half of it. I know, those kids are the real victims. But my far, how far T.O. has sunk.
Hey everyone, The Trims will be playing San Jose's "Left Coast Live" music festival Saturday October 8th!!!
“: Read Graham Greene lately? Worth a revisit, even if you're not Catholic.” Like reading Kerouac while not being a Buddhist?
oh my i was goin nuts. i cant believe we pulled that off. suddenly this is a new series!!!
right back at you, sweetie! Thx for being my seat buddy tonight, you made it SO much more fun! xoxo
MY BIRTHDAY IS ON September 1!!!!!!!!! It would mean the world if you tweeted me with a Happy birthday!!!!!! :) <3
ah ok. I thought I missed something lol
truffle shuffle
money from strangers is my new favorite show💰
i voter yeah twice one as sag and that other as Aftra
Who is ready for a fun nite of Music Margaritas and munchies with ? I am! I am!
Man salads at McDonald's be too fucking stingy let's be honest that's like going to a strip club for a hug.
So now we're an offensive juggernaut?? Uh, yeah that works!
y u lol at me
Watched the startup competition #leweb09 we'll be pitching tomorrow so it's good training
some C D Friedrich might be nice? Symmetrical, yet interesting and kinda mysterious! :)
Sit back, relax, get a massage, and get your teeth cleaned! Thanks to New Self Renewal, we are treating our patients to massages this week!
You should start a petition and make it happen, I'm behind ACME wun hunet!
Here's hoping, Emily! They did end up with a better year than last, so here's to another better one! :)
Sorry I'm late for #letstalkdance watching #Thunder #okc !
ok bet...i'ma get different sizes...i might go back to the place where I got the money bag swag shirts done...
wow! get many massages that would help?
oh. sad face... keep me posted.
