RT Things I believe in: synchronized lights and going all the way from north main to Rice without stopping
Why torture yourself w/ that bullshit? lol
Trying to not cough up a lung
hey what up fam?, how's the show goin? I saw Mike on Ocean Dr. Yesterday
My day was wonderful ;) my grandad made it Better cause he came all the way from Kentucky . It ain't nothing like grandparents
Awesome. Candy conference! What does one do, besides the obvious, at a candy conference?
where do they evacuate to? They're in the middle of a parking lot
I just registered for the alumni bowling bash at in #PGH - looking forward to it!
that's correct!
“ Its barely Sunday and I'm already getting excited for what God is going to do on Wednesday!”
Music is integral to the Bible…The last psalm asks creation to praise the Lord. Vishal Mangalwadi
Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure Science.
Somebody send me the facts on the NBA issues. Looks like the players are greedy bastards. 50/50 split sounds logical to an outsider.
Dan Ruby just rocked some alien crevices !
Yet another reason to shop at the local farmers market - sunlight still has a CRI of 100.
We will be playing our tribute video to the Greatest Moments in Boston Sports History just before tip-off so get here early...
#Reasonstoohatepublictransportation Damn I got my own problems you think I want too hear you and your girl argue
I'm a big fan! follow me back please? :)
because its making my stomach look klike a watermelon
all depends on funding! Plane tickets to ozland from here are running at $2100, cheapest. oy yoi yoi!
i guess the worst part of cutting your hair off is it happens to be on the coldest kansas city day i could have chosen. boo and boo too.
man been a long end of the week and weekend but today was a bit of a mind ease
x) dinosaurs are cool lmao
knowing that suffering produces endurance, and endurance produces character, and character produces hope
Prevent or pressure...its always wrong when it doesn't work. Nice 9ers.
We missed you! It was very powerful. Hope to see you soon!
#oomf won't bang about it!
RT : RT : I find it amusing to sit in a restaurant near a bar and listen to how the conversations go from sober...
I'm going to go make a tofu scramble and then head out to Berkeley to see !!! And ~ :3
Do you know which mascot finalist is said to have been created in the likeness of a Walt Disney character?
I dont even know where my phone is 
I don't know about the second home but deffinitly a second office. What you want?
The Westin in Seattle is not as tall as the Westin in Atlanta!
Soprano (as a wee one) through to tenor. I stopped singing for a while, but have since been able to reconcile my conflicts
guys, JAZMINE BIEBER'S BIRTHDAY IS IN ABOUT 10 DAYS! she'll be THREE
thank you for reading! xo
Hope everybody had a great mothers day
lmbo....thanks. Now I dont feel like a total loser ^_~ got too excited on that table tennis
wow that's nuts. I had no idea
just livin life in WA, working, and going to school. You still in KS?
Thanks. I'm very good at the denial thing.
And boy do I want to blog about those sketches, but would have to seek permission of O'Neil Ford's family to include the images. Boo.
Obviously Mr. Davis is delusional ": Thomas Davis says Panthers "should come away with a victory" over Packers "
Home after #shmoocon and so tired. Glad I took day off work tomorrow. No way I'd be functional by 8 am. G'nite folks.
i know what you mean lol. But these documents are for my law firm since we have a trial ;)
Awww...that's so nice. I've always been a NY girl. Giants, Jets, Yankees, Mets. Hey, that rhymes. LOL LOVE Steelers too!
Well that was quite a day!
that drink is a Moscow Mule.
Someones pretending to be Jenna Marbles! Smh...
playing the nyan cat song in 's ear.
And thus ends my time as the associate editor of / Next adventure: Summer Institute!
Silly twats! I don't go w/groups that don't sit down and work with others. Hence, not present! This is WHY.
#fanquestion if they could join any other group on abdc which one would it be.
yum RT : just made a batch of iced coffee using recipe and the brewer. iced coffee season has come early
omg don't mind me I'm having a dumb blond moment
hahaha you have the best tweets
The bees are in crisis. Do you fully grasp the implications for mankind? No one does. Read BUZZ, a contemporary novel, and enjoy.
you're right. My bad.
hell yeah you better be comin back to columbus my man! i'm gonna try to get you back here
U will realize it whn its too late
i smell like sharpie!! haha!!
CALL ANYWAY~THE MORE AMERICANS CALL THEM THE STIFFER THEIR BACK-BONE....hopefully.
jays vs pirates? Oh yes!
So when do you guys think we should release our new song? :D
I know it! I should have a screening at my house for old times sake!
girl i did NOT make it up there smh. lol are you done wit class today? i'll prob jus go tomorrow...
i'm starting to notice a trend here… can't place it yet… hm.
Pshh would never be my ol lady
I love surfing! Rusty dwart is a great board, hopefully itll be mine next time im out here in la jolla!
RT : I know my heart will never be the same, but I'm telling myself I'll be okay. -Sara Evans
Cutting backgrounds on "Lost and Found in Armenia" starring.... Jamie Kennedy!
Ugh its so hot. :(
Mabe you are putting to much thought into a certain something
The person who thinks too little, always talk too much
When #oomf falls asleep on me <<<<
I found my one true love on a blue sunday
We are a proud sponsor of the "Wounded Warrior Project"...it's the American Way..come help us support our troops where it counts..see u soon
If I said we just played a great game and we lost by 20 would I be crazy?
Merchant Services on #compcloud customer panel: When I asked a sales manager what he thought of Xactly, he replied “It’s perfect”
thanks for the follow! 998!
RT if you are ready for picnics, grilling & cold refreshments!
is very SPOILED! and
wag more & bark less
Deadlines Deadlines Deadlines
I'm making a pitch to she would be very helpful and likes Yuengling.
Just at the bus stop
" 9 minutes to SO EXCITED! #youshouldbehere"
everything about her is perfection
yea i gotta ap test tomorrow BUT I AIN'T STUDYIN CUZ I AIN'T A NIGGA.
the "coupon queen" from toddlers & tiaras (honeybooboo) RT : You know them. And they scare you. Who are the worst moms on TV?
Thank you for granting the kids a behind the scenes tour of your space! What magic!
ALSO FIRST BEER ON US - beer pong tournament prizes from Ciroc Vodka and Miller High Life and Coors Light.
How to Use Click Bank in Your Blog -www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Olympus Introduces the World's Only Integrated Bipolar and Ultrasonic Energy Platform
VOLITION DTP/CONJURE LIQUOR TOUR IS IN FUL EFFECT WE PACKED RACINE IN CLUBPARKSIX AND POURED UP CONJURE TILL THE BOTTLES HAD BOTTLES
obviously you saw...actually thankful they were out of black. Pushed me out of comfort zone into red
Samusas are legit legit indian food
also...I'm ashamed to admit that I give a darn about this show. I know that it's not actually important.
Is it wrong to eat out before going to see The Hunger Games? :-)
wondering every day if I will ever make it to the next.....Pretty much... So once my goal of meeting him is.... Im done.....
Morning full of good news. Let's hope the rest of the day goes this way. :D
u r welcome:))
On the air tonight doing a classical show until Midnight eastern time - www.wcuw.org streaming live - listen in!
Wishing Better Maker a very Happy 30th Birthday! Scoot on up to the Big Girls table!
Oh, I'm so glad you love them! :D But for right now, we're sticking with the trilogy. (I do have a new series starting next year)
Albert Einstein and I were born on the same day and that's where the similarities end.
Looks like soon, it'll be back to #GoTime for shooting here! This whole 6+ months pause may soon be over! I'll know in a couple of weeks!
I'm here to see the film "Chasing Ice" #sundancefest - theatre is packed full of course - film has had substantial buzz - distribution deal?
It's allot of quality women at the gym cuz it takes discipline.
curious what's your default choice for deployment - heroku, EC2, appengine, anything else? Work with postgis much?
> will chair next #ISOJ panel "From desk(lap)top computers to tablets & smartphones: How are #journalists responding to mobile?"
time to crash for the night. Had a long day. More ahead.
Be strong! The loss of a pet is hard. Value the time u spend with him, that u have left together! :)
The Silk Tie likes Tim! We like his wardrobe, views on UX and we just might be using twitter wrong :/ thesilktie.com
Weight doesnt matter,drama is the same,if it's not in my life,how am I to get stronger! Embrace change and resistance!
We're pretty excited for this
BREAKING: CNN reports that Steve Jobs is resigning as CEO of Apple
Becoming successful in LA can be a struggle at times. Embrace it. Breathe. And enjoy the ride... #KeepPushin'
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt
bro you wrong for pic of lmfao
lol:) why do u think ur mean?
Ok, kids at the baseball game with the vuvuzelas: the World Cup is over. Also, where are your parents?
you okay?
"Sex god"..To make a long story short i never played that game again
Oh, I know they are very good. Just didn't see them matching up well with Pens.
Hey! Thanks for the follow. Hope all is well!
Hey RA are you having a book signing April 10th at Citi Group Center in Manhattan? Great job in todays game!!
If it makes Ovechkin sleep better at night, then I will smile and nod politely, too.
#HappyBirthdayJohnCena your the Best
Anyone know how to do article archiving online that wants to volunteer their time? :)
I'm on the way to a examination site by the metro
Region F is having a terrific meeting celebrating our #SWE region at
I'm having serious difficulty keeping the yawns down today! Feel free to help keep me awake! Coffee isn't working!
Paul George deserves two FT's for that YUUUUUGE block
you heading to the Rockies game today? Or have you already started drinking. Haha have fun
Wednesday is really my favorite day because of Burrito Madness at
Big Bill, The People's David, is reading THE BIG SHORT and it's making me angry at the Goliaths of Wealth and Privilege!
not very strong beer lol
Huge congratulations! Can't wait to get my hands on this!
Yes it is sir, yes it is!
I woke up feeling funny but not funny ha-ha.
Can't believe I still so many ugly URLs. Use words, separate with hyphens, avoid stuff like this... eag=&9392%=a434%5234lkejf
Just listened to 's "the drug in me is you" and I'm blown away! I can not wait for the cd to come out!
Ugh! Conan gets on my nerves >:o
eating #pizza yumm :)
Anyone have any good websites to buy cool dog collars? It's our American Bulldog "Tank's" Birthday tomorrow and I want one for his Birthday.
Vegan Soul Food? Delivered? Yes please!
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
I have to say, it was great hearing from and even if it really wasn't you! :-)
I'll take care of you <3
Some don't get it. :(
After 19 hours, the power is back on (hopefully for good)!
yes we do and when we don't, u know something is wrong!! Haha!!
Gonna have to make some homemade Burger Orleans this weekend
He sat down, called the Twelve, and said to them, “Whoever wants to be first must be least of all and the servant of all.”
Bwahaha you are kidding right?
Sleeves are just the sexiest thing
A recruiter e-mailed me offering a bribe, a $10 Amazon gift voucher, to do a telephone interview.
haha I saw your tweet on the jumbotron... was it game 1? How was the brat?
Just tapped Ninkasi Helles Belles Lager.
whoa... That show was intense! Aotm killed it too
Had a wonderful time chatting with the talented Lauren Schacher yesterday! Got some great tips on the biz.
lol. As seen on TV whore.
Just read your article on Low Dose Naltrexone, it's excellent! Another article supporting its use for autism came out a month ago
is your pool open!?!
YOU'RE JUST THE GIRL ALL THE BOYS WANNA DANCE WITH AND IM JUST THE BOY WHO TOOK TOO MANY CHANCES
gentlemen: dont tell your girlfriend you got her a baby wallaby for Valentines day unless youre 100% serious. hopes & dreams, crushed.
Enjoy the warmer weather in a MINI Roadster or convertible!
noice! Wouldn't say no to that oi tell ya...(Irish)
Best weekend yet. 💜🌸
BilbosBitch i had all the knowledge of what was to come, ur pretty cool aint ya. Like a beer in an eskimos fridge... Cool
word of the day: buck as in you can get buck in the club.
how u coming on that verse chef
Making a list of movies I MUST see!
I like digital galleys, but I have to find the right reader that displays PDF that doesn't make me a candidate for LASIK
you find a place to live?
#YeenBoutThatLifeIf You gottah be fake just to have friends and people to talk to you Get Real "!!"
Going to see
Listening to some old school tracks! #lyricistrecords will never die!
#liber2011 “Blind man and the elephant” metaphor for current understanding of digital preservation planning and implementation.
Kevin Gregg....your fired.
That feeling you get when you hug someone and you just don't wanna let go.
Correction To Your Second To Last Tweet. You Are Or You're. Not You're Are The Sweetest! Bahaha <3
Working saturday = no play on friday
La lala lala lalala...I just can't get u outta my head! Boy it's more than I think u think about...idk why this is in my iTunes but it fits
I love boxing
loved it. classic ensemble.
Will be listening to Bob Radil's 60s 70s show tonight. I missed it last Friday
Hi May.
LAZY!!!!!! Pre-mixing, homie that's a producer not a DJ!
It's like a little Easter egg in my day discovering I googled the word "food" at 2am last night.
From a national total of 14k banks in 1992, and 10k in 2000, the number of FDIC-insured institutions in the U.S. is at fewer than 7,500.
We are back and now reviewing app
Thank you and wow I didn't know that!! RT : I am so jealous they don't have Dunkin Donuts in CA. Enjoy!
it got shoved back under. Usually when they lose sight they blow whistle right away. Not sure how Hartnell can dive in either
I was told I can't have my cake and eat it too. I just said my cake is still in the oven and I'll get to eat it later.....I'm patient
RT : Are the people who listen to Maroon 5 old enough to know what a "Payphone" is? [a nickel says no...oops - a quarter!]
Happy St. Patrick's Day EVERYONE !
. Took me a week or so to get used to standing all day vs sitting. I had to have monitor higher then keyboard or neck would hurt
One more night in Vegas! Haven't we said that before??
Look, Zimmerman refused to go to the hospital the night of, but we're to believe he had a broken nose the next day? Nah, b.
Short hair I DO care!
Do u have a health & beauty counterpart b/c we have some specials coming out. Thanks.
“To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist.” -Robert Schumann
Legit you should shouted #ThisIsSparta!!!!!!!
. says that other sports, such as rowing, cause as many or more indirect fatalities as football.
Good Job SC...tough opener but I will take a win any day!
happy birthday girl don't go party with she will get everyone kicked out haha really though happy birthday
The research team Masters and Johnson documented 1 case of a woman who had a 43 second long orgasm.
A GM txt does not only mean"Good morning". It has a silent, loving message that says."I think of you when I wake up" I put this on fb
It's TUESDAY....the forecast is this: It will be Tuesday until midnight tonight.
For the ladies: let's just say I'm at the drug store & can't go back for a week. I can get either deodorant or tooth paste. Which do I get?
Just got a account, but it only has Restaurants in the UK. #NYC restaurants please.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Hulu on iPad, tweeting on iphone and returning emails on netbook. At least I know I'm not alone!
miss you soo much come visit soon! </3
I'll stop being an asshole when girls aren't hoes or bitches, guys stop trying to be what they're not, and you all just shut the fuck up.
is about to do #improv at #GMIC. she is not to miss! make time for this session & open up your creativity & subconscious!
u are so tweet! thanks for #ff. i'm perfect garden gnome size!
hello. Follow? I love yoyu
I agree. What do you do for those students who don't want to redo? How do you encourage them to take advantage of those chances
Awww! Yes! Things are amazing now! Thanks girl..and so happy for u! U deserve all good things!! Love u always!!
FF Musical fellows
Would it be appropriate for the Chargers to give Flacco a game ball?
That's all? RT : MIA has run 53 consecutive high screen/rolls
Hey I saw your tweets about your subscription and sorry that your call was cut off; is calling you directly
#ToDoList #1 Tell this hoe stop staring #2 Tell this female AGAIN I'm married #3 Take out the trash
RT Give through your phone - text "HAITI" to "90999" to give $10 directly to the Red Cross
Oh my gosh! I turned the corner, and it was like #MarilynMonroe status!
I sing all the time too. Haha and I'm not good at all.
3 day weekend nice...but back to the money I go
Miller Park is going to explode when Ryan Braun comes to the plate.
lol...u a fool boi...i laugh'd 4real
they put my foot on a computer brah!
Sign up online or by calling 212.594.9616 now!
“Never assume the obvious is true.” William Safire
Austins hat size is 7 1/2. Rt if you'd love to wear one of his hats!(:
A lot of line charts with big spikes and big dips. Not pretty indeed
That was a lot of money and effort spent to get results that a lot of folks predicted from day 1...
I suppose the cause of death would be "lack of interest."
All that series proved was that Texas is better than the Tigers right now. And let's be honest, we already knew that.
Vandy is going to hang on...but shaky at the end...Jenkins is still going to be the key towards a strong tourny run
Nickname for the AZ Wildcats three big bball recruits - "The Tucson Skyline"
awesome! I want to see that.
sounds awesome man. I am glad you guys are getting some stuff done.
nothing like two sexy women getting down
Thanks for the mention!
There's nothing better than good sex. But bad sex? A peanut butter and jelly sandwich is better than bad sex. ~Billy Joel
Does anyone else wake up at 4:30am for graham crackers and peanut butter? Hmm. Just me, then.
You never know how strong you are- until being strong is the only choice you have
Best birthday gift eveerrr!
hoos the genius tht calld this website twitter and tweets?
Is it possible that Folgers Coffee Crystals has secretly replaced all the air in Washington, DC, with pollen just to see if anyone notices?
Man they making every excuse for the sorry ass heat
I hate when we have testing at school.. there so strict about it.
Couldn't be more excited about this 3 day weekend, hoping it brings me my new neice/nephew :)
- and you boys were amazing at the palace♡
#runthestreets two wizards
need more 'Shine A Light' awesomeness in our lives, glad to hear new stuff is coming!
will be in the US son!!!!
really fantastic, pretty tired tho
Yeah buddy! RT : First Class Hotel & attention to detail by #SBEgroup Gonna be another fun weekend
. walking audience through counter-power and anti-power at
I'm so jealous! I get so excited whenever I get a drummer boy quarter or a $2 bill...I would have flipped out over that $5!
Thank you SO much! Ditto!
There's something soothing about arranging holiday music in concert order. Angelcitychorale.org is having a fab show this coming weekend!
Shane, we create custom Twitter backgrounds for Pro Athletes. Would LOVE to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM if UR interested.
Look at today! Go sit in the sun! has a fabulous outdoor patio!
will be documenting her last 10 weeks of pregnancy on her youtube channel, www.youtube.com/melissaschuman! RT
have you been to Coors Field? Amazing.
Breakfast at Cafe Patachou with the future in-laws!
5 people in my math class
Do it. We need to rebuild on the shoulders of the rich benefactors
RT : I try to behave on facebook as if the whole world is watching and they are all clients or potential clients
wishing the Paralympics got as much attention as the Olympics. Watch here: www.paralympicsport.tv
Yes she is. Looking forward to it!
missing the central coast.. but so excited for future events!
used some twitter analysis tool- it's surprising how many people aren't really people. sorry if i've unfollowed you and you aren't a robot.
Thanks for the follow.. Now following back
Yea! This is the day where I can say only four more days until Avengers!!!!!!!!!!!!
I want some chickfila for lunch today.
Thanks for the mentions and RTs!
I gave up on Sunday morning news shows they are so boring.Same old stuff,same old bores.
Bank takes possession tomorrow. The nightmare is almost over - though I can't say I don't feel sadder than all get-out about it.
When I doubt... Math debate Autocorrect win!!
Do sleeping bees snore? Do they have Restless Antennae Syndrome?
my mom knows who skrillex is!!
preciate it. And yea um ready for the "cough" start this tyme
Want to do corporate flying as a career ...fly to another city, dick around all day and the company pays for it all lol
K imma stop now
Sharing allowed editors and reporters to find hotspots. Some turned the internal data into public interactives
I hate having carpet in one room except that it's an excuse to "dyson." Meditation room like new.
Anybody know of any good concerts this summer?
you're so go at spinning lies as facts you have a job at fox news waiting for you after you get recalled
If you were in Colorado I'd be able to tell you who to see.
i'm gonna miss them all when they graduate this year and they're gone next... :/ they looked soo beautiful last night<3
Telling you the truth when our expertise is not relevant and helping you find the resources you need.
The greatest happiness is to transform one's feelings into action. - Madame de Stael
its pretty cool
It's a beautiful day.... To be on the Beltway!
Therein lies the problem. Perhaps more effective if we focus on *Human* Experience Management?
“: Help you I can.” lol. Thank you Yoda
What neighborhood are you doing your trick or treating in?
dude call me!
life is so sweet
I watched a video of u singing on youtube, this morning. Magical, thats all i can say in words...
fersure. we'll talk about it tomorrow
#BlackFriday 50% Sale is LIVE on BatteryPower.co! Common Batteries are currently $35!!!! Get your #LaptopBattery #LaptopBatteries for less!
we appreciate it!
Las Vegas this weekend to film and possibly do a bit of comedy... Not excited for the bloody heat wave I'm about to put me body through!
GO Tigers!
#Dubstep fatigue makes a return to #DnB that much sweeter.
Anthony's
yeah, its super good :P
RIP Steve Jobs <3
look at tiana in the back cuties!!
I WANT ,IWANT IWANT .. TO FOLLOW ME ♥ but thats crazy. ♥
Such a great time with week working with Crete-Monee and Roswell High Schools! Trainers were sad to head home...hope we can come back soon!
the grass is greener one just a sec ago. :p
ASDFGHJKL AND DIDN'T TWEET THAT YOU WERE THERE :(
Packers Pres. Mark Murphy speaking at Cheese Expo at Frontier Airlines Center. Says is doing amazing on
so true
Yeah. With that W he washes away the 7 year itch.
lol I love u too the only person I could call my big sis
good job lovely (:
People following #wirecall closely: is the sense that there will be a durable bump for the nominee once s/he emerges, or not so much?
Houston please....
LOL - now I feel super guilty!!!! But and I are looking at houses tonight!
You are BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY
RT : Heading out to Financial Sweet Spot at in Fells Point. Time to be on a budget!
Thanks for sharing our stuff!
my boy just layed down some chords so deep that he took it to a #Jesus level..wow
can we fall, one more time?
Ditto, fantastic! RT : You're welcome! So proud of regardless of the outcome tonight!
Thank you Mariela!
Look at you, a dominant lady quoting the Bard today. Methinks that be the food of hotness. Play on!
yes, I'll be releasing it at 7:00pm! (central)
Time for pilates
I wonder can they train dogs to pick up their own shit...
just finished reading Mockingjay. So good. I <3 the hunger games! I liked the ending. I'm sad it's over though. Excited for the movies💗
RT : Listening to via Skype at #pdf10. Audio quality spotty at best. How come never has these connection probs?
watch she looks at you awkwardly during school...
That’s what we like to hear ! Got any close second Sunbelt favorites?
RT : The weekends almost here so head out to Club Empire, with my bro live in the mix!
shouldn't have came out.
aw short but sweet hey!.... This time next year fingers crossed! x
RT : We've even done interviews stating that our designs that aren't original hand drawn pieces are recreations of classic art.
Excellent article! Listen, understand the brand and its core relationships with its clients.
Two people aren't the entire team. Once people realize this, the less they look like a bandwagon hopping idiot.
Wish you were here too.
Hi, hope everyone had a good day
can't wait for next weeks ustream<3
What time is JESUS coming back? Eastern standard time?,Alantic standard time?,Pacific standard time,Central standard time?
I'm tired of waiting for my Kindle Fire! I'm tired of seeing "in transit" when I track it too! I want it now!
#ILoveMyMomBecause she'll always be my friend..no matter what
mac and cheese is an all the time food.
Ha ha ha some situations I find myself in...
that's cool. I heard its still really bad down there.
I want ice cream!
loved looking at those have a wonderful day
XU Jazz Ensemble Students and Alum compile a series of tunes to create a CD in tribute to the late XUJE Director John DeFoor.
You make me so happy, I love being around you.
Place your bets on how long it will take and me to get labeled a couple by some stranger.
system, but we wonder what happen to the quality of life in our cities, specially our downtown. "maudit LeCorbusier"
Living in Ohio, its not possible to plan an outfit because the weather is never consistent.
I think that's what's so funny about him. What was the last episode u saw
that's doable, but if I start counting laps by twos, it's not my fault.
tebow is a great kid
Hung out with for awhile :)
This right here the
The 25-title longlist for the Best Translated Book Award will be announced later today--and 1 of the judges is a bookseller at 57th Street!
Almost time for my first art class!!! So excited!! Today at SMC is going way better than yesterday! :) www.imdb.me/lindsayhopper
To empower people by creating platforms that advance entrepreneurial ingenuity using technology applications and innovations.
If it weren't for and my wife, I'd pretty much be talking to myself. Yes, you can follow him, too.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
began filming the Lost and Gone Forever narrative video... insights into the concept albums story and its making... Release: End of August
There are four seated panelists speaking on successful models: Dr. Sandra Bloom, founder of the Sanctuary Model.
Get Well Soon!!!!
Im so good at shaking and baking
Chag Sameach! Purim has definitely been usher in with a topsy-turvy day for me! How about you?
You sound silly right now. Then who's gonna properly check KD and Harden? Artest? HA! RT kobe on westbrook.
#ChaCha dropped the ball today, screwing over all of their contractors. SMH
Just thinking I did it like im really about to graduate in like 4 weeks
screw off
why do I let things bother me, I just gotta relax....
ah the wise and great Aristotle. Even his name says "greatness."
Welcome to DC! RT Just arrived at BWI, next stop #nciv1story conference
Know your roll and do it well.
i want to rent that movie ghost.
when did the Franklin Avenue Bridge become known as the Shakespeare Bridge?
preparing for project ny. so much to do!
happy birthday :) have funn
Chapter 2012 Page 108 of 366 Stepping up my civic activity and making the best use of my time.
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
Who drives with their Dog on top of their car? On the the Freeway yet! Pretty messed up lol Answer yenmoR ttiM
If you are or know of a business that wants to share what they are doing with others, be sure they post their information here.
Thx Rich! Let's plan 2 get 2gether! Very nice video Shawn! It looks like now I am coming to DC Jan 23-27. Hope to see you there
New number 1-855-ATL-COMPUTER, better service, same owner!
Guys who love their family.
i Can't Believe My Eyes Connect w. Yo sexy Body =]
IF YOU'RE A MAHOMIE THEN FOLLOW COME ON GUYS!! :)
Man, I am so over work.
"It's your reaction to adversity, not the adversity itself, that determines how your life's story will develop." ~Dieter F. Uchtdorf
team effort but thank you
Lil Jon retweeted my post. My life is officially legit.
Just do it!
I have skinnier ones lol
Spending the rest of my last night with my primo Sipping GG at
how about "tobacco"?
The hard part of a creating a budget, every single #tactic counts to the smallest detail!
not me ;p
sorry girl, pool life and nerd life have conflicting ideologies, hah
Can't find a show that matches my dress, ugh.
Art at its most significant is a Distant Early Warning System that can always be relied on to tell the old culture....
I love the fact delivered puppy chow to me last night
It was nice seeing you today. U waved to me and I got a pic <3 :)
We're playing tourist again :D HE-LO sun! ☀
Meeting with my editor, looks like I'm writing about the Kübler-Ross Five Stages of Grief for the Cipher this block.
My piece 'Eleven Lovesongs' will be performed in Cambridge, Ma tonight at Lily Pad.
Got called in to work morning show. On scene of fatal fire. See you at 5am. I'll have more info.
Portlanders plan vigil to mark the anniversary of the first anniversary of occupy Portland getting evicted from park.
your chances of becoming a guest blogger go up exponentially if you attach a blog post with your initial pitch
it finally stopped yes yes.
Use your "real eyez"to "realize"the "real-lies"
no love?
I chose Denver's Front Porch as my 2nd session. It's already off to an inspiring start! Great thoughts from folks
Team Jesus,,,,,LETS GO
Babysitting an adorable lil girl =) she's 5
haha yeah right! His money isn't long like mine lol
Good Morning Phenomenal Woman !
Hope you are having a warm Friday :)
Yay my brother said he'd split diablo 3 with me :D
We play tomorrow night at 9pm. Thank you for reminding us to tweet about it. :)
#myidol - Heejun did much better than usual. Good for him. He might stick around yet.
RT: A3: isnt everything a little funnier with a drink? Plus more money for the venues and good old sponsors
Working on getting prices up on our new website to make it a bit easier for you to order from us. Also working on some sample pack ideas.
be carefull you might drop that thun thun thun & no one wants that of course .
That's kinda gross, what does it smell like?
How was Everyone's holiday?!
not one of Matt's best tracks but with the season he's having I'll take him to win tonight.
guys add me let me get to one of the vostrifollower 5,000,000 for the benefit for me is important
so damn
Houston girls love it goes down Atlantic girls love the way it goes down Famous girls love the way it Goes down - the real her Drake
Still parking at Spaulding lot
nice weather, nice lions season now the tigers need to win the wold series
bitches are funny as fuck. i dont want your ugly ass boyfriend. clearly i gots mines. hop of now,kthanks.
I don't like you so maybe you should leave 👋👋👋👋👋
I can't think harder. AHH
Brenda Lee Johnson? She kicks ass.
Hey - is anyone else turned off that Facebook and Google own you with their privacy policies? Thoughts?
Thanks!! :) We appreciate the follow too!!
lol bubble?? I live in a triangle.. Fuxk wit me lol
I wish I could go c one direction Monday but of course not because the world hates ( this week is goin just great) w.e
I had one that was a hard calcium deposit. The doctor slit it open and took out this small rock. Cool.
RIGHT NOW IS GREAT....CALL ME I'M WIDE AWAKE....
ugggg I need some of that stat!
International Business Forum this morning by at SkySong was excellent. Reps from Germany, Italy, Spain, China and Canada.
We will be tweeting live from the event all weekend, so keep checking in for pictures and updates of what is going on...
On the highway, we are behind a car labeled "Google Self-Driving Car."
DOH - totally did it wrong. Where's Everyone Goin For New Year's - we're going to Wasilla, Talkeetna, and Fairbanks!!
So tender,
rack city
wasn't showing up earlier but my last couple did. Looked for thread but it's buried after all activity today. Thanks again
Point being, you gotta be true to YOU. Don't give the people what they want, give the people what you think they need.
exactly how I look when I mop ;) all beautiful thanks to you, mrs. Svay!
enjoy beautiful redwood city. :) bring me back some pliny the elder beer! :)
Thanks for the #ff mention. Right back at ya!
Question of the day: Does size matter??
Zombie movies do the body good. Free comic book day tomorrow!
There were 25 players in today's noon tournament. The top 3 places get paid, first is $1516. Join us for our next tournament tonight at 7 pm
“: Happy Mother's Day to all the pet Moms out there too! ;)” a Mom is a Mom
That sounds like Lay's Potato Chips...
i really really hate history.
I'm a fan of Capital One. No international fees. And the points add up-- not fast, but it's decent.
If Greece exits: beginning of the end for Euro. Greece will be the template for jumping ship. (Titanic)
slash the rest of the cubs bullpen
that THING was last year .... one time and thats it.
All #Brewers Fans-Stop by tonight to see George #Kottaras bartending & serving you drinks! Starting at 9pm with the Brewers Diamond Dancers
can't*
2,977 People, 10 Years, 4 Planes, One World. R.I.P. to all the victims of 9/11, 2001. You will always be remembered.
CASA LATINO REAL ESTATE SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA WILL BE AT SAN JOSE CONVENTION CENTER OCTOBER 6-8 C.A.R. EXPO. COME BY AND SAY HELLO!
Ways to make me fall for you: Let me wear your jacket for the day, hold my hand in public, and tell me sweet little things.
There's an app for that
84 on my geometry test YESS!!(; ...I thought I was gunna fail
Cleveland, Durham, Winston Salem, Boston, Sarasota, Indianapolis, Toronto, Ashland, St. Louis...here comes DETROPIA!
- lmaoo damn !!! That's sum Kodak shidd to say
“: I was informed the #Nats have called up reliever Ryan Perry. ” Bigger news than Bryce Harper!
Soon, babe. Soon soon soon.
Nothing energizes better than a nice round of kickboxing.
Need new music...recommendations, please.
So, I went to tweet you & found out that apparently I was no longer following you...huh??? Ha ha, NO idea! See you bright 'n early!
Watching everybody try to act important at ESPN party. That being said, our suck asses haven't got in yet...lol.
Yea...I have no life and just girl done practicing my routine...
From my point of view, real estate is rocking & rolling!
my day is great I'll go shopping :)
can we please make a statement about c-web's jeans? It's a bad sign when Shaq shows you up!
Am I the only person that hasn't seen Think Like A Man... and Avengers??!!!!! 😣
Why is it that the world gets smaller and people get farther away???
just remebered why i forgot why i blocked out the earth song video by Michael Jackson. the dead elephants def marred by 9 y.o. mind lol
Cut off your nose #ToSpiteYourFace :)
thanks chef! Your the man
During Lent, we're prepared to serve you Hand-Spun Milkshakes, Freshly-Squeezed Lemonade, and Freshly-Brewed Iced Tea
CHUCK BROWN "FUNKY BEAT"
People of LA! After you download my new record, get your ass to Shabazz Palaces/THEE Satisfaction at The Echo!
at home with friends sis how come u haven't been on in ages :( -Thomas
We second that vote! RT : Come to !
no problem, but Logan you owe me.. HA!!
Thanks! I fixed. Good catch on your part :)
edgilliam75: Pepsi Resurrects The Late Michael Jackson To Sell ...
yup. Shits terrible.
Hey Manish... TGIF. I was checking out your website and noticed your IDX is super cool. Who do you use and do you like them?
I hate those fucking black framed glasses with no prescription in them.
Why do I think of fax machines every time I see a QRcode?
that's appropriate, know why? 'Cause today is #KREAYDAY cause got the swag, & it's pumpin' out her ovaries.
MAKING MY WAY BACK UP COULDNT WAIT A WEEK BOUT TO GET BANNED AGAIN
email or call me!!
hey! Icarnt wait to c u's on tuesday :)
Why do females lie?
Some of y'all impress me, but most of y'all don't.
Someone come make me lunch
blah blah blah
But you Lord are a Compassionate & Gracious God, Slow to anger,Abounding in Love & Faithfulness. Psalm 86:15
We offer 50% off sushi menu for dine-in and 40%-off menu for take out orders. Guarantee they're not the so so rolls, they are totally yummy!
Om2 if I give you some sex videos , would you watch it? And blame it? Bitch please
Every time you hear the word #oscars, give a toast to Angostura bitters! Cheers!
so he needs to score 45 to not get the *
OKC SPURS & HEAT FINALS
RT : Revising: Earliest round 2 could start for Spurs is Saturday. Latest is Tuesday.
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person. —Andy Rooney
youre even more the best 😘 love you tiffffy
haha thanks! RT:“: Awesome band! Northwest represent :)”
Can you please accompany to my 8th grade dance this Saturday?!(: <33
Ahem... RT : I have a weird feeling that a great deal of Pabst will be consumed this evening.
I have taken into consideration inflation and the skyrocketing cost of living.
Made lunch and both my cat and dog layed down at my feed begging for some haha
Dudes are even playing DEFENSE.
happy birthday i love u with all my heart #waystomakemehappy is that u have a wonder birthday <3
Awkward Valentines Dance for me !! :P
Thanks for the follow! I hope you find my tweets informative.
It has to be a bird, while hilarious (that no-arm thing really gets me) are annoying little creatures. Ugh
Sometimes I wish I were as dumb as my brother.
I prefer what they're doing in Orlando - kicking the TSA out and going private!
took a picture and thats all. & wasnt he in the philippines a while back?
ha! Me too! It helps me so much to hold myself accountable when I put my "quiet-time thoughts" out there for the world!
If Greinke and Marcum both hit FA, they might want to use that $13 million or whatever it is to try to resign one of them
Tomorrow im rockin wit Bone Crusher boutta give yaw a Show!!..L's Up!
I stand for Obama because I stand for equality.
this looks more than amazing
Really psyched about seeing & Iona live this year (not @ same time), but am listening to Trapt & System of a Down. Huh?
"Let me slip into something more."
Do you think there have been closed-door conversations at ESPN about Mel Kiper Jr.'s hair?
When installed, I had 2 weeks of no service because HD box was faulty. I am being charged FULL (non-promo) price for that time
I got 6 hours of sleep, I'm ready to go.
FJM type moves?? RT Can understand pessimism if this is the team for the rest of the year, but have to think moves are made soon.
Babbitt will save us...
I am probably one of the few people who has NO interest in seeing "The Avengers" and you know what - don't care!!!
On the bright side, the snowblower provided my kid with an entire morning of fascination. We call it the snow-lawnmower in these parts.
Walking Bella with my little nephew. Si much fun.
No northern lights, too cloudy... And since I was all alone in a dark field, it felt more like the ghosts were hunting me!
We are so looking forward to it. See you tomorrow!
Guess what? In "Africa" they DO know it's Christmas, it DOES snow, & I would like BandAid to stuff it. Happy Kwanzaa!
Welcome to the team Keith Oliveira, Denis Jones, Chuck Porcheron, Chris Fluke, Gary Saladino, and Christopher Rocha
Virginia Woolf~ If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
After weeks of fighting it, it's official: I like "How I met your mother." :(
ahh.. I recorded it...soo I watched it when I woke up., because it came on at 6am&that was to early for me! Lool.
I'm the fuckin' man, you don't get it do you?
Just got finish buying my babydaddy his graduation gift and card !!!!!
you really should. It's hard to imagine the guy doing something like that but what do we really know about him?
hopefully this mixtape will be done by this weekend gotta get my nigga on dis last song nd we done
finished doing some contact maintenance.
Bad business spreads faster than good business. Imma spread ur bad business fo sho lol
Any hints??
Looking 4someone to lend/donate a Christmas tree for an event on Dec. 14th/15th.contact Lorena Flournoy,
If you are headed to the 'Bury, hit up Brandon. I'm sure he would like to chill.
sent via DM
"Today we destroy the works of man and replace them with the works of El Seed!"
hi! Can a 5% Savings Reward coupon be used to buy 5-cent sale wine?
....since u stunned us with your all white pant suit 8th grade graduation. :)
I'm sre Cal had everything to do with Camby talking money from NBA folk....I also trust the Government.
perfect. I'll bring the beer. See you next Sunday
Good morning to the amazing people that follow me i appreciate it you guys or girls are awesome
GOD BLESS YOU FOR CALLING ME SO I CAN LISTEN.
Did I miss the part where this wasn't Durants team anymore, now Westbrooks?? When did this shift take place?
I followed
dude I feel that way everyday and at times I see one that stands out and I want to say hi
You need to try it with friends too, it's fun lmao....o it's E.T. Lol :D
Oh, thanks! Despite Atlanta Time Machine being one of the best sites ever, I still hadn't seen that picture yet.
not really, the last two I read...Liar and The Passage disappointed me. So I'm with you...looking
"Something" the most successful song George ever wrote, with more than 150 cover versions to date his favorite was James Brown's version
Enjoy you this weekend
NV Michel Arnould Brut Rosé #Champagne. 3 yrs on lees. Fine mousse. Dry, hints of rosewater, strawberry, current. Big acid. 87 pts
hope we were repped well! Do tell...
Where in the world is Elisabeth Mason? Our CEO is in Miami today, home of one of our great partners, Miami Dade College.
Thank you! Well said
The billboards in AC are a catalog o people I didn't know still had careers. The Naked Cowboy? Big Bad Voodoo Daddy?
"Like" Parties by Treco on Face Book! Get updates & deals. Calling All of ATL & Athens Book a party on Oct 15 &Take 15% off any 1 item.
"Relax" is clearly the least relaxing thing you can say to a person.
Seeing All Time Low in June
good job! You followed me! (:
lol I know. Welcome back to the Twitter world!!!
Tomorrow, enjoy some frozen yogurt at and they will give 20% of all dollars spent to PLNU Athletics.
Everyone watch Tonight! Couples Therapy at 10pm....my boyfriend surprises me! :)
Weekends are best for now since my weekdays are fully booked.
Matt Flynn spending the night in Seattle,Oh shit here comes the hookers and booze.
Thanks, your talk was a Home Run! #g2i. Lots of great takeaways
is there any plan to make a left handed setting for magic guitar?
now you see why chris paul is a player you trade away a whole team to get and melo is not
Good morning, Anita. I hope you have a wonderful shoot and day!
Great day. has another very happy user and the IRS just sent me a refund. Boom!
ha of course :)!
Be kind to everybody
what statue is the white talking about that I need to see in San Diego?
start making some noise
My Grandma is doing better, and may even be going home from the hospital soon! Such a strong woman, even at 85 ♥
Yankees Rule Twins Drool #twins v
Passerby pointed out a bench to a man stooped on my street w/ a cane. He shouted, "No!! Never do I come so far to stop so short of the goal"
Daylight savings is going forward an hour, not a day. Idk why I keep thinking its going to be Monday when I wake up lol
First Orch dress of #MatrimonioSegreto #opera tonight as rehearses in Chicago. Wish I were twins!
So glad I welcomed Tommy back to the Shark Tank...Game tying goal, that a boy! Let's take 2 points home now!!
I feel ya. The trick is to anticipate annoyance and leave the convo/room before it does. It beats teeth gnashing.
But we have rfid ekgs and rocketpacks and pig organs. All you want is a toilet scale? Done!
I feel a million times better today! Going to the dr and try and get some blog work done while my little germ takes a nap!
You are sweet! Yes, I am but I don't have details just yet. I'll keep you updated : )
Watching the film #Candy starring James Coburn along with Ringo Starr, Richard Burton, and Marlon Brando to name a few
Positivity is like water, it will overpower and consume negativity around it
Not stalking at all! Merely appreciating a fine artistic specimen of a man. (Yeah, that's it...)
Great qtns 4rm Reddit! If our govt can afford the most expensive military, Y can't they afford 2 provide health care. It wud save more lives
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it? -Albert Einstein
Our show tonight at The Crossroads kicked ass! Getting nothing but great responses from the crowds, lovin' my new guitar, it's all good!!!
Alright we need to get into modeling. Why are you so hot sissy??
"I could eat grapefruit everyday!"
“: Left the lovely Enchantment, drove back to PA. Now going to take out for lunch, show her around a bit :)”/yay!
....I just mistaked yall for The Sound of Music
WKU beat Louisville this year and made the sweet 16 last year, almost hard to call them Cinderella too
Tonight I received 4 friend requests on Facebook from people I know. Hope everyone likes pictures of dogs.
Read at your own risk: Cory Monteith spills to us that Finn will finally learn Quinn's baby-daddy secret in the next episode
I'm 12th out of 122 in state for swimming!
11:11 wishes don't work.
Follow me
You ever been in Bed Bath and Beyond in Chelsea? 8 zillion customers in there that would be miserable whether staff was or not
DUKE DUKE!! ;) RT : Maryland has to be in my top 3 loudest arenas to play in. Yall already know who's
RT : "It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor." - Max Eastman
if I'm your son where's my allowance and the keys to the car.
for all wwe fan out there... i hope orton and legacy loses tonight....:-)
you have too much awesome content... Finding it hard to stay on top of things.
Toenail is back(: toenail went shopping(: Austin bought me a cute little toe sweater to keep me warm(:
Listening to music puts me to sleep 💤
I suppose I can't win if I don't enter. I'm only now downloading pics from DC as I type this to you!
I'm seriously about to throw my lap top against the wall...It's so slow..
I wanna hand out candy
most likely. Which is nice of him. I mean to not judge us as being only fans and not girls just hanging out at the pool.
No I'm not love. But thank you :)
What do you want to see that clusterfuck for anyway?
Those hairs that don't know whether they want to part left or right <<<<
What's some dope new plugins out getting my arsenal and ammo ready
Give it to me right or dnt give it to me at all!
Alyssa stop, I'm done with the drama between you two! I love you both but stop saying shit like this..
ya lol but it's still SO GOOD
#atxcouncil on to specific departments. planning and development review up first
In class suckin up helium out a balloon n my teacher goes stop huffing like wtf it aint like u ain't did it stfu
Love and Miss you Too
thanks guys! I'll need to check out some good coffee too.
thanks for your support!
please check out my music www.kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
Who knows where I can get a nice flower for my mom? :)
2-0 as I typed that. But watch them get pegged back.
Taco cabana!
We'd love to get some Revolution Cider at the bar! Let's set something up soon.
hi, good girl<3
I just favorited about 5 tweets all about my butt..😏
no! Its okay, its chill here:)
Welp, I made it through an entire Monday with my shirt inside out.
What a beautiful day here in New Jersey. I better take advantage of it! Enjoy your day everyone! xoxo
ihop sucks they can't even make scrambled eggs right lol
You are welcome for both, we love our local tweeters
RT September issue is here on will be in stores 9/20, make sure you pick up your copy.
Or maybe I'm just a grumpy bitch.
John Stamos and his bongos better come out soon!
True! The trailblazers make the rules!
you guys have been solid, the rest of the world is losing their freaking minds though!
finna get my day started
for the win by decision. He's now an undefeated 43-0..
“: This Friday, Fulham v. Everton - 3PM eastern.” Is this a debate on the BBC?
I can't wait for daylight savings. Warmer weather and longer days is where it's at!!!
#ThisSummerImTryna do as much as possible and be in the sun as often as possible.
Go! USA
My greatest fear is losing my mom <3
Somehow show up for my 9:30 only to see we are watching a movie, could of still been sleeping
On the road again. Just can't wait to get on the road again...."
you are so ugly when you cry.
hahaha for real!!
Today's #alamw12 Auditorium Speaker is -starts at 10am in the DCC Theater and Susan will be signing afterward.
Finding out that Windows 7 search isn't as accurate as the XP search
that is how its supposed to be, otherwise your going to set yourself up for failure everyday
I know it sucks D;
Do you ever get to Austin? Such fab stores there for every color boot.
yup defense cost him 3 games this year
Man George Karl looks old
Do I start #BeanieWells or the #Lawfirm today?
I hate being sick...It's like the 1 thing I hate the MOST
Why am I watching shows in Spanish?
Slinging Ink is free, but don't forget to tip your bartenders! See you on May 8.
Really great crowd from and attending this year! What a time it's going to be!
It is Mifflin Weekend....
Looking forward to visiting Sunburst ChalleNGe Academy w/ and this afternoon!
Def check out - grab some food there, wander across st to to hear bout hx of street!
i hope notices me. shes my idol <3
I like how the palate evolves on the Laurenz V. Apple up front, moving into peach and honeydew mid, adding some salt on the finish
Mark Bauerlein: Tough for teachers to convert ed tech tools from social medium to learning one. "Quality control issue."
The traveling sure taxes the data plan, but at least I can see Hoboken from my lunch bench.
Pro tip from : You face shouldn't take up more than 40 percent of your album cover.
searches on Hootsuite haven't worked for me during the past 24 hours
Two Biggest Plays on the Board Today in College Hoops are Colorado State at Pk to +1 Over UNLV and George Mason -4 over No Iowa! $$$$
so true! i told my friends boyfriend the exact same thing the other day for reall....
Congrats on a job well done #APSA. Very helpful virtual brown bag session!
Parents are always trying to tell you how your life should be no matter how old you get.
babysitting on a saturday <<<
well the apple don't fall far from the tree ur mom must be ugly too then BITCH!!!!!
good luck and bring home the gold:)
OUCH....still?????????That stinks........then again we are supposed to drop back to rain and gloom next week.
Musings: Real girls aren't perfect. Perfect girls aren't real. Seems so simple...
mhmm. I'll be pretty for ya!
tropical leaves
lol! Your friends are bizarre. Those tweets I woke up to.
Good night. <3
#IfYouGoneCheat At Least Let The Bitch Be Bad So I Can't Hate!!
I want a shoutout
Softball would be great right now!
umm, I do the same thing. Does that make it better or freakier?
I wish you'd left it! I laughed out loud!
Thanks, Cheryl!
#HPTouchpad I wonder who will hack the webOS first...I like the OS access to the android marketplace would make this the best 158 spent
The happiest people I know don't have the best of everything. They just MAKE the best of everything. Cultivate a positive attitude today.
who's happier Frank or Jamie? cc:
had a great show at watson galleries last night! the place was rockin'
what day are you going to Berkley Days?
can you take a pic of the glasses?
"Perspective. Get some." Totally agree. Often the difference between a meh shot and a wow shot.
Is that before or after finals?
watching napoleon dynamite!
It sucks when you have a lot of girls, find one you like, drop all the other girls, and get played by girl you liked.
I'm going skiing & enjoying this fine winter weather! RT : Pack Nation: Are you guys prepared to watch the playoffs tomorrow?
Another low pass to 84... who was wide open.
ur making me hungry!
At a wedding?
ughh me too :-\
excellent AWP! happy to see everyone in chicago!
i just love you to pieces...xoxo
Hatred stirs up strife, but love covers all offenses. Proverbs 10:12
Quebec House Cleveland Park bar crawl continues...
See more crazy shirts like this one at www.insanityshirts.com
#thatawkwardmoment when your in church and you Judas ringtone goes off...
Happy Friday, Twitter Friends! What's for lunch?
BEACH UMBRELLAWhere to find new unique portable BEACH UMBRELLA - patio umbrellas
you know this Mann
Me and Nick just almost died. I don't even know what to say.
Nah, he shouldn't be champ in 2012.
We really need a 3B, DH, and i'd like another outfielder (unless Schafer is the answer). Definitely need pitching.
Great Job.That asbestos is no joke...Keeping the kids safe and healthy..
our website will be launched very soon! We look forward to sharing our specials and connecting with everyone
thanks, nice to 'tweet' you too. Enjoy a wonderful Friday!
Today's #Summerfest with and and of course - Remember, 5:00 PM Rock Stage!
In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart. ~ Gandhi
Can klout handle more then one twitter account? I have a personal and a professional twitter account
Crap I'm nervous.
thinking about objective of "destroy christianity, remake the world in my own image" on my resume; see who still brings me in for interview
bells! Thats awesome! :)
Is there a listing of the menu items posted anywhere? Definitely need crab legs.
For you Jesus, for you Jesus, for you Jesus, I'll do it!
when you make it to Houston, you'll have to hit me up! I want to see you SO bad<3
might be true but if yr tryin to play the bad guy yr doing a good job. Some things are better left unsaid.
Oh I totally agree. :) Now that today is here and all the stuff HAS to be done, I'm strangely feeling much better about it!
hope you had a relaxing weekend..did you get any meditating in?
Before any agreements can be reached, all voices need to heard. And race isn't the only piece here. (class, age..)
Gamers > Super Computers :) I'm looking forward to trying FoldIt.
You're too sweet!! I've done some side work! I'm unsigned, but I want to sign with an agent this summer & then dual in Miami! :))
look me in my eyes & try and feel my pain.
Where is the Library? Do you have any other collaboration with them? I vote for an even exchange of ideas. #share :)
Make another friday movie
wow that's garbage
Another day of listening to the derp filled mewlings of no-nothing yokels.
okay,combining sports and a mission minded direction seems like it has some possibilities God is everywhere, FAN UP!
anyone thats ever held me down or supported me... Its deeply appreciated... Lets stray from the norm and keep the soul in hip hop
dreams of still playing football #breakmyheart :/ ugh
thanks for the time“: Check out Sunday's Wisconsin State Journal for the interview I did w/ about #Wisconsin Rapids
sent message (least I think I did...I'm not really familiar with twitter...also included your in the group pm...)
Wow... This New York trip is going to be a busy one.
i'm glad cause the highest level is jedi general, and its defined by the rank of weapons and awards both reaching legendary lvl
Long story short, while listening to Say Somethin my ovaries exploded.
you can't eat that shit everyday Fred.....lay off the bacon..... case its'
Jealous! Can't wait for baseball season to come back!!
Thanks again, Lou. Very cool of you!
Stop in today and declare your independence from high mattress prices!!! Happy 4th to everyone out there and thanks again to our troops!
:) thanks Matt!
Lost again this is just #stupid #nflblitz too
omg wish I had a hoodie
Lol Txt me !!
Someone PLEASE go to the Moxie with me tonight! PLLLLLEAAAASE.
Fridays at the C-J, Veda confronts someone about something. Today she and the executive editor are debating Red Lobster.
We did! Sigh... better luck next time.
How stupid do you think I am?
Best Friends: You laugh, I laugh. You cry, I cry. You fall, I laugh then I fall too because I was laughing so hard . ❤
“#Reading gives us someplace to go when we have to stay where we are.” - Mason Cooley
Ah! Sorry for the late response. I hope everything went well for you!!
i like the word fagget. your a fagget. im a fagget. were all faggets.
Pizza is a vegetable... college students must be the healthiest group in America then....
who cares...everyone dies, not everyone lives
hey im waiting for you @ the venue. promise to stop and take some pics? love you<3
New style of painting by Ellen A. Lewis. See it at tonight's opening- Sat. 6/4, 7-10pm, Sycamore Pl. Gallery, 120 Sycamore Pl., Decatur, GA
Wait , That Could Be A Bad Thing : |
maybe 10? I'm at a family bbq/baby shower...
it's just tough when we finally solve technical challenges and find that the bigger problem is human in nature.
This morning's run = TERRIBLE. I can't even really call it a "run." Lost a full minute on my pace. Too. Hot.
Oh is that what you do? RT : Pop my collar then I swing my chain
Work out flow
Real women are grateful for the little things!
Sup, how ya been, u ain't go out tonight, jim porter popping!
: "Oh, you finally got to first base? You playa, you." .....
There was an open seat on the bus and a guy sat down right as a girl was walking over to it. Guys, be gentlemen. Don't be a loser like him.
tanned for 3 hours today & see no difference
Had fun....she makes me happy
Arianna Huffington rips Obama for Osama ad: ‘One of the most despicable things’
u already know
Is Narnia under my bed then?
Join us at HT Hillcrest (5th & University) Grand Opening,Feb 18th 5-8pm! Open Bar,entertainment featuring Paris Sukomi Max & Disco Dolly!
Shout Out to the couple of the week & !! Love is in the air..LoL
Ima Make My Remix Of Marvins Room.
lmao it is
So Trayvon Martin had marijuana in his system. I've done my share of smoke over the years and NEVER did it make me violent. On the contrary.
Took a long nap and now I'm hyper as hell
RT : !Always do right. That will gratify some of the people, and astonish the rest.Mark Twain
“: Irish will play you anywhere at anytime. Illinois, Ohio, Kentucky, and my favorite Lucas Oil Stadium.”
We hope everyone has a great weekend! Study hard and get some sun- #shine!
10 more to go! Every 100th follower gets a $5 Frenchy's card. Who's it gonna be?
Just cause you don't like someone doesn't mean everyone else has to hate them too.
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?
Consultant mtg today. Us: "We work as a team." Consultant:"I don't hear that very often." Me: We also don't tell the truth very often."
S/O TO ALL MY #Dreamchasers thats on a 100MILES OF RUNNING I got my Tracks on #LETSGO!!!
Plan your day right by knowing which establishments to go to and what they sell.
LeXXah Drew COMING HARD w/ SINGLE, "I CAN" AVAILABLE NOW on iTunes NEW Jump-Start FAME (Female Athletes Motivating Each other) Theme Song!!!
I filmed a movie in Jupiter, FL. Its a nice vacation spot. Have fun!
Outside of flipping the bird that halftime show kind of sucked.
We just reached the 500 member mark. Yay!
RT : ITs better to be single. than to have someone who is half way there, or doesnt want to be there...
Indeed, they won't be happy till we repeal the 19th amendment and institute a national church
BEST... COSTUMES... EVER
My daddy said ii don't need no broke nigga. Lmao He tryna tell me bout life y'all.
Thanks to our new follower.please check out our new VIP section for free poker books and charts. Take your next game level.
Rob worked the dance floor and the Kardashian/Jenner dynasty worked the audience.
to b honest I think wwe is fuckin him up, like he look like a Gud ring wrestler, its just he shouldn't do dem 5 moves
Dolphins beat the pats also.
If I do, it would be Thursday or Friday afternoon. I'm done at 11 on Thurs, and 1 on Friday, but I have a few meetings.
four more seasons of #thewire just off side stories.... just wrote em
The lost and that's just about it.
Officials ,cops, judges use their power to help friends ,and " ENFORCE the law "on the rest. If U poor, U in trouble, but that always !
There's probably a good reason for it smelling like a horse....
I does. It did surprise me to hear her name at first. Like if a kid now was named Jerry. Just goes with a different era.
I guess its true when they say females be wanting a real man but yet get em & don't know how to treat em..
reading old tweets is the best
yeah she's my best friend<3
y'all got that W!!!
Me and hott girlfriends at topnotchescorts.net are available to play
Lol game over
Packing up boxes of Saucesome to mail out, drinking a beer and watching Ken Burns' Baseball. Thanks, presidents!
Did the dummy and spilled my shit...
Why you all up in my face with this bullshit
Today in 1977, The Passion of Dracula opened off #bway based on Bram Stokers Dracula.
Fire up your morning with a delicious spicy chicken biscuit.
Missing my little .... It's been awhile since we hung out... Always good times!!
Finally got the Google Wave invite!
RT : are you ready?? Bring it tonight
Watching Tim Ezel of train with for his upcoming bout with at ATT Evolution gym in saint Louis
Huge backup at Castro station. I guess F line it is
found out that I like yoga today.
we still going to eagle creek?
naw, just on the server now... will put on github when I get to campus!
u didn't answer my "QUESTION"
Its also a pleasant thing that while out of gas on the side of the road, others stopped and asked if I needed help
Only the Lord Jesus Christ Himself can fully satisfy our deepest need.
I just want to be the man God has called me to be and if I can achieve that everything else is REQUIRED to fall in line!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You get the first dorky quote of the day. awesome.
Thanks will do!
Thats a wrap! Looking forward to another day... oh wait... that day has already arrived! I'll say goodmorning in 8 hrs! :)
lets see if you can go 2-0 this weekend. How will your #lions rebound from their first loss?
Heyy Share My YouTube Channel please thank you
Chicago sports today? PERFECT!! #Blackhawks #WhiteSox ok even
Thanks ! Cause it's not like I'm gonna drive to like LA anytime soon so SF would be nice btw where do u live ? US? :)
why didn't we get a Grammy nomination for label of the year? sheesh.
I think the comic book guy is working on this train...
At the same damn time!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer39
o lol. I was like damn that's enough of that.
Sherlock Holmes with a cellphone. Huh.
Will be commuting from PDX. Should've mentioned that ☺
same here! Would love to cover your show again this year for ! Let me know.
At the #SXSW expo. Stop by the booth!!
I will dm u later I have to go shopping lol
just tapped his new Boogeyman Black Lager ! It won't last long, beer fans! #Come&GetIt
We are number one. All others are number two or lower.
Come with me, Run quick see, what do we have here Now, do you wanna ride or die La dadadadada...
Love your photos Hazel
Congrats Blake griffin, you had the worst plus minus on your team. I hope those dunks (fouls) make you feel better about losing (again)
Retweet if you honk when other people honk!
perfectly prepped for 6am flight this morning w just my full blown volume mascara + smudge stick in lionfish
The unfortunate thing is that I'm leaving the country tomorrow so I will not be playing videogames for a while, unless they have them there.
Let me rephrase that. It seems - early thoughts - having the back end picks in this year's nonPPR format will suck.
Me too, but someone needed to hold down the fort. ;) Have a fun week!
i think i have so much resentment for them because i feel so betrayed. it cannot be helped at this point.
[Ian looks sheepish]
you gonna play wideout?
how many are yours?
See You Tmrw At School(: Txt Me In The Morning..... I Domt Like School Its #BORING You Just Read && Do Work
I told Thursday and you Wednesday! There is enough of me to go around 😃
S/O to all my new followers
So am I.
THANK YOU! Two sons and a daughter-in-love with me today. Surrounded by love.
Happy #taxday everyone! A shout-out 2 & La Casa de Esperanza 4 providing free tax prep 4 many in our community
Chopped...but let's go Lakers
Mainstream music lacks diversity and quality
fuck off to who ever is calling us " mahomos ". I don't understand why we can't get along.
should get an ingstagram so all smilers could stalk her page 24:7
It wasn't to bad like I thought
I see u
Not a good start to the day...
Roshon Fegan from disney channels shake it up is coming to portland!give me your email&i'll send u more info on the concert
RT : Got to get up f4 = calm demeanor, positive mojo and good team captain approach, Boehner needs some work
There has to be a light at the end of this tunnel. Just has to be.
Get VIP any night for Birthday, Bachelor/Bachelorette, Anniversary, or Holiday parties! Text "VIP" to 414.335.9569 for options & pricing!...
Me and my Lil dip today >>>>that's cute
Thanks for taking the time to write up his response. I think I might use your post in one of my classes next week.
14% is virtually no taxes
Friday happy hour try my "Melon Melange", st germain, Esprit de June, Gin, blended w/ watermelon, strawberry, basil, soda. $5
Poor she thinks she's going to get an ass !
We should be bffs. RT : The sounds of multiple motorcycles out & about is music to my city girl ears...
“La chance sourit aux audacieux.” - Fortune favors the brave.
Got the Toy Story print in my cart and the site froze. Bummer.
I can't stand my sisters bf .
Graduation is taking so fucking long. needa 🍶🍸🍺 w/
Day 1 of games of #brewersfaNtasycamp in the books. My team, Money Ball, coached by Don Money & Cecil Cooper is 1-1. Was 1-5. Solid AB's.
Kim is a Liar... Those shoes don't make you butt look good/bigger!
Thanks for the follow
That's how the cholos spell it. Orale!
umh noo its called you being the best babe ever (:
What kind of an asshole blasts "hot in here" in 2012? Oh he just drove by let me find out.
Next Dream Job show: Sat. July 23rd with We'll be trying out some new stuff...perhaps...
any recommendations for what to see at the #TribeccaFilmFestival?
Is the game not being carried on Extra Innings?:(
Hell yeah Rangers!!
Oh, I am. Yesterday I ate....and didn't wait 30 minutes to exercise.
The first weekend of college for a bunch of kids. Be careful!
Still awake and ready. 20 minutes.
I broke the replay button. Seriously. It's not working for me, anymore. asdfghjkl<3
2 different sports brah, no disrespect, but I had high expectations 4 the #Bulls this yr
Well, saw the movie, and Supermoon is NOT one of the Avengers. :(
Your welcome! I'm so glad others liked it too:)
then, you can keep the pillow; I don't want it anymore :/
I have butterflies in my stomach! What if I have forgotten how to use a knife? Unlikely, I know, but it seems entirely possible right now.
we can't express how amazing our fans are. thank you so much!
The difference of race is one of the reasons why I fear war may always exist because race implies difference, difference implies
yes I finally came to PT lol
they have a podcast section...It's all FREE to listen to! Also the archive page at www.latalkradio.com/Donny.php!
Man these last 2 weeks have taken there toll
sounds good
---let us know when you're thinking about coming so that we can resume our hang. really enjoyed 2010 with you, CE n' the kids.
"upward mobility" is a bad metric for "success" in my view. How about integrity, equality in the home, positive parenting?
special #ff love you and god bless u princess x
Silence and obscurity
I HATE when people text back saying "lol" -______- you might as well not even reply. Sheesh
Welcome to the party, pal
I hate when people go on facebook just to get sympathy. Nobody cares about your problems bro.
im not gonna see austin for 6 months!
Optimized Local Listings Boost Traffic and Revenue - Hospitality 1st (press release)
hahah straight up. I was just rapping Ain't No Fun by Snoopy. <3
Two more days with plenty to do before Spring Break. Ugh.
#WilliamandCheryl KILLED IT!!
#sdmayornp looks like no mention of global climate change or innovative, clean energy strategies, like CCA. Filner and Fletcher talk sewage.
That's really good! I wish I could do that! :)
Diet is also a very important part of any long term weight loss program. This is a long process, consistency is most important.
RT : Encroaching mortality: with time, life like a party at which guests randomly taken out by a concealed sniper.
looking forward to power networking for introverts webinar today!
i might b getin a job Monday it would b awesome
What up bro its Nick.
Today is a day for Demon Days
"girl yes I'm pregnant but I still hit the club, in the middle of the floor no shoes wessup"!!! :D lmao Love the ratchet girl anthem! :)
Cell phone bingo... Someones gonna win an ipad from Capitol Records today next number 11:35am
The best curve on a girl is her smile :)
Omg could we pleaseeaaa bring #hardknocks back to #NYJets this year!!! I would love to see #Tebows face the first time Rex Ryan drops a GD!
you gonna be able to make it to EP?
“: #cosigned RT : It's official. Gave up my apt in NY. Moving to LA. Bring on the sunshine.” Awesome!! Welcome!!
Prologue & Chapter one of my new story The Way I Loved You is in my favorites. Please read and RT! (: Thanks!
#IWantToBe with all the time more then anything...
I'm guessing since Oprah hasn't done a two hour reunion special celebrating it, the answer is no. “: Can Suri Cruise talk?”
Duly noted! A gem from youth, fersure!
Tyrese is still sexy.
And then my parents wonder why I never wanna be home
star wars. Still NO MEDAL!
follow me maybe? I do.t care what the judges say Mos wanted crew KILLED IT! :)))
If they're surprised they obviously don't know u very well..(I'm Just Sayin)
let's go right now!! :) lol
yes I am in NYC. You?
