My boyfriend has some rockin socks and mine r the color of puke
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: The Drawing Room - Ultra-lounge (live updates)
Aries on the bright side: Adventurous and energetic Pioneering and courageous Enthusiastic and confident Dynamic and quick-witted
Yep lol the song sweet tho! RT : was that u fool lol hahahahaha RT turn your voice down!
I don't like getting mysterious phone calls.
can you follow me?:)
Living my life drug free
LOL you read my mind. It's a bit forward, I thought.
just watch it assuming James Cosmo's playing his same character from SOA
"I'm sexy and I know it" Bitch, you're ugly and you show it.
"Take it down now"
It will be a CRIME if the Beastie Boys are not inducted into the Rock n Roll Hall of Fam !
“: So excited for Monday now! why make me wait so long ? ;( <3 #CantWait #ConcertAnnoucements !!”
Hate that... -_- which girls?
GUESS WHAT?! Two more days until our #HopeHasCome show! Will you be there?
I have a headache 😣
You forgot "of"
Nick Holt is incompetent.
Dear Gorgeous Iowa State Guy, & I thank you for the drunk text entertainment.
Fact. RT : Fact: The spicier, the better.
y do people put there numbers on the web i mean do they want people to prank call them
just because it was AMAZING!!! We're going back to cookout very soon. #wearegoingtoneedmoreketchup hahaha
I am sad about that. But still no panics!
Headed back out of town got like 2 hours of driving to go and my battery on 10% RT if you feel my pain.lol
Sometimes work makes me wanna go all Stanley from #TheOffice & say "DID I STUTTER?" or "Have ya lost ya damn mind cuz I'll help ya find it!"
I wake up and see visions of the future of what in living
From Netflix Terms of Service "You agree not to...conduct yourself in a vulgar or offensive manner while using the Netflix service" - Ok?
Look. Either you can agree with me or be wrong.
Watching Napoleon Dynamite is so weird lol 😄
Chris Weber... "You are 270 pounds going in the wrong direction Griffin." Stop floppin. Stockton "haamauh uh daaadee" enters for Memphis
Yep today is my 18 birthday I'm finally
Aaron harang struck out 13 tonight?! Including setting a record by striking out 9 in a row?! Holy. 7-1 record!
I'm just thrilled you read it all - don't care how long it took!
true i have to admit that dance was good
Sounds cool! I will let our folks know RT We're so excited to open in Minneapolis! Check us out.
Maybe there is a Tatort rerun on. Or some nature show....
she's a bully !! A fat over grown bully !! That's all she is !!
Happy Easter! Thanks for support of 1065THE END
"This crying... this screaming... my voice is being born!"
lol idk bc she always ask for granny (mikes mom) and she said she scared of nana(our mom) :/
lyss u look great, I look like shittt. Where are my eyes ? lol love you
5 DAYS LEFT? Congratulations! How many years on?
"A mini-van full of babies." EMily Maynard is an Orthodox Jew.
ain't it a lil questionable
I still have left over pancakes would yu like some
rangers never get national credit. They kinda earned it. Tell your team to play better. That's what rangers did.
Bras are over-rated! Thank God for small boobs!
#incollege you can't depend on anyone. You have to be independent...no more mommy or daddy.
SAT Prep (fall session) starts 10/30. Give us a call at 503-894-8747 to register your student today! :)
DO IT!
Watching bby boy...
Huge planning night for Honduras mission! Really getting excited about what God is going to do in us & thru us!
I Knoee I Cant Singg , But I Be Singing The Fckk outtaa Trey Songz : Heart Attack !
I currently reside in academic purgatory. I should have prayed more or changed my graduation date to August or something. Or something.
They never followed me!
Heading to #WZPLJingleJam now! I'm going to be out way past my bedtime tonight!
hey whats up my bro is going to dilit his twitter
Making today a productive day..in the mean time, whats everyone up to?
So on fire, so in love. That look in your eye that I miss so much!
Final push huh? Well, at least it's almost over for a while. Sounds like you need a break:-)
you around?
Am reading HBR's 10 Must Reads On Strategy. There is also On Change and On Managing Oneself. It is an excellent business book series.
So it`s the little things in life that make me smile.. =)
hey! How are you! I'm finally getting the hang of twitter. Didn't realized you said hi like 3 months ago. So hi! :)
Want to do some shopping tomorrow? GIANT Super Sale at NAMI San Diego 4480 30th Street North Park (plz retweet)
this is not gonna be a good valentines day I see like every year
I lost both games and am eliminated
Our job rocks. RT : My boss is running from zombies. In real life. I just wanted to let you know how mundane YOUR reality is.
cool alright then
OH MY FUCKING GOD THANKING YOU NOW, THANKING YOU RIGHT NOW!
When starting with social media, choose 1 outlet & use that. That can be your gateway drug to harder stuff.
oh crap! MAD COWS in California!!!
Who bowled 130 last night and beat all the boys?! This girl!
Happy to wake up in my own bed at home... but sad to be without the sounds of the ocean & the laughter of our Casa Paloma housemates!
Indeed! I've been here a few times for mtn biking in Moab. Now that's scenic/epic.
at what time do you go in?
it's one of my favorite shows of all time!
RT : Sometimes the journey is the best part...
school = stressing:/
I'm sending this tweet from my recliner. I may never sit at the desk again. Ah...
you didn't before?
Cooking channel has innovative recipes for quick and easy dishes. Rachel Ray
Kathleen Falk is talking about cuts to education at Wheatley School in Milwaukee.
hey guy
I go to AECHS and I'm not a Mexican lol. 😒
Pacman wanting to box on my birthday, that's awesome. Wish it was Floyd though, that would of been perfect.
Thank you for the ReTweet. I Hope you have a blessed and joyful Christmas and Holiday Season.
Jesus! D:
I don't smoke it but it will be easy to write 7 pages about it haha
I don't have an idea yet! /:
Limo of course, how is that a question? ;) Meet in the lobby at noon?
Thank you. Looking at it now.
no problem!!
is it odd that I picture Julia Child as the giant in this scenario?
if the seeds stay the same are gonna get smashed in the first round by the
Thanks Theory Lover!
You should ONLY comment about GH now since it is the ONLY ABC soap! I dont care about Y/R or Bold/Beautiful.....
We're teens,live life like there was no tomarrow. We should be happy we're at this age. This is a once in a life time.
I would but I already have plans. lol
Tweeps check out DrLee to get filled with light, love and wisdom!! Keep Shining Brother!
Any new ideas about spreading the word about our new app? Any social media gurus out there with some tips and tricks?
Hope all of you have a great week and Happy Belated Halloween I was a Doctor HAHAHA and i gave out dollar bills as candy gave out about 300
Dr. Ledford states, "T the problem in organizations is not cost its using human capital appropriately.
Looking for a freelance HTML/JQuery developer in the SE Wisconsin area.
We approve. RT : It is MLS supporters week. So try and convince your boss to let you have the rest of the week off.
Come to brass rail tonight!
Good morning going to chruch this morning to get a blessing and praise .
look at the right ones
When you're shoveling palmloads of food in your mouth direct from the grocery bag, then realize a guy in the next car is staring at you.
hey alex, whats up?
lol...oh.. Im super lost.. Did u like it??
why do i miss him ?
Dang. Nate McMillan Fired after 7.5 years. I always thought he did a good job with his players.
I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow...
"Friendship is warm, friendship is touch." - Jim Joe Kelly
I'mma figure it all the way out
Nice VLAB event at Stanford tonight. Beautiful ideas on a beautiful campus
We are ready to get started fixing your home. Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com for more!
two hours spent to fix something that took 5 seconds to fix.
I just wanna be myself and want you to love me for who I am Oxox
No, not at all. That's why I originally pointed to GH's essay in the Speculative Turn reader.
Retweet if you're in love with
He stole my heart. So I'm going to take revenge and still his last name.
I'm bout to go from a Andriod to a iPhone .
twitter is a damn liar.
yes! She is! Wonderful! I hope to meet you both one day! ;-)
Homework will be the death of me
Yep--it's Cyberdyne all over the place...
It's gonna rain, & I just washed all the 4wheelers.
Protecting the integrity of your identity under one roof. Keeping your logos consistent: Offset, Digital, & Wide-format.
Auction items descriptions coming in, sound amazing: AS IF MY LIFE by Divya Victor and MY SO-CALLED LIFE by Joey Yearous-Algozin
Congrats! I hope you wear your reward proudly at work tomorrow! ": I came in second!"
Check out UFC Shane Carwin Newest Team Max Muscle
Twitter jail, you give me the power to go to sleep. For the first time ever, I thank you. Good night everyone<333
Today the NBA season ends with the Miami Heat playing the Washington Wizards. Have you visited Fuego at HistoryMiami lately?
Thank you.
is it really?
"First day of school! First day of school! Wake up, wake up! C'mon, first day of school!" Name that movie! :)
Atlantic city this summer!
In addition to mentioning my queerness, I also talked about Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, and how much my sister sucks. It's a cool paper...
Please bring a can good for the Houston Food. Thank you for your support...
finna sit back and watch a movie fuck goin out hit me..
RT : It doesn't get better than this #beer #wine tasting & Social Media w/
Yes ma'am an' you do the same ;o)
o I like that one2 I wear it all da time:-)
No ma'am. Our friends found a local shelter in the area & I'm en route there now.
where did you go?
I like it. Yes, just photos but it has cool features u can use to make pics look cool. It links to fb and twitter too.
Do you have cat art prints?
Chicken Milano sub at Quiznos is a big meh
BOL! Dad would probably agree that we need a bigger bed or no Pugs in bed cuz he says we keep him up. We say he's silly!
The significance of a man is not in what he attains but in what he longs to attain.Kahlil Gibran
Racism is more prominent since Obama was elected.Very sad.
We can't help if we want 2 watch you shake your marshmallow while biting your lip! Get Tom on there 2. Mom could swoon w/me.
Saw Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol in Imax last night. It was UNREAL!!!!
: Where can you go clamming around here? Can you even #clam? Is clamming a verb?
Hm, let's see, it's #Friday and after 2:00 PM gosh whatever could be going on with HB 1013?
No, the film is not done yet. We're in the color grading process, which takes 2 weeks. Then the final mix in studio.
RT: I need coffee everyday to survive, no excuses.
When everyone stared at my butt at 6 period 😡
what is it?
RT : You don't want her, you just don't want her with anyone else.
I will give up my white privilege when Kobe Bryant gives up his height and Beyonce gives up her beauty.
Today and right now <<<<<
BRAIIIINNSSSS (i need some, cuz mine is fried)
Because of the power outage, all classes are canceled for Thursday September 8 as of 4:10 p.m.
are u high!?
One down, one to go. You?
or he can break the mold !
#WeWontWorkIf you don't like cuddling..
Too bad I missed the last one. I'll for sure participate in another #fitness convo.
Foggy headlights? I can fully restore them to new brightness in under 30 minutes
“: Pride of #vegas/#dallascowboys sez he's rewarding offensive line for his 253-yd NFL debut
:P Just not country. O.O
you always have it right!
Still can't get back into the site. :(
Okay, starting the round-up!
Elbow pain is getting really bad. Not fun.
raw is war.
Thanks, buddy!
you too
We are ready!!! RT : The verdict is in! Spring is on its way since Wynter did not see her shadow!
want tickets ? hit up Riverpark to see him himself from 5-6PM !
Attending Arrangement & Description workshop at #neafall2011at Dartmouth College.
I am going to marry Adam Levigne.
I think. It where one guy drops one of the heat players, acts like he's gonna help him up but then just walks away
thanks for replying! We'll post the best answer later today! ;)
Check out todays Groupon for the Festival!! 30,000 tacos from 25 teams + live music and activities for the kids.
sexy like a chocolatte strawberry!
The Austin relocation guide DID NOT tell me that after a 3 month monsoon, snake season would start. I feel lied to.
Sounds hot.
i know right
I want everything to be the same as it has always been
“: #JustRead Collins' Catching Fire & #justreading Wide Sargasso Sea by Jean Rhys”
In store show at record archive next Saturday starting at 3PM. Skip your afternoon nap and come see us
It feel like someone kicked me in my back side,,,
Millions didn't make it but I was one of the ones who did #be ready
Heading to Church rocking a Splawn rig! So happy to be in that Christian based family :) stay safe, have fun, as always God Bless!!!!! :-D
"Change is the law of life and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." - John F. Kennedy
If you're really lucky, you'll get both in one shot. It's up to you!
Me and Hannah are taking turns with the oxygen mask...aka we are sharing a power chord. #efficient #boom Hah :]
It was Samantha Mathis. But your boyfriend looked sexy and I normally don't like guys with facial hair.
Rewatched Journey to the Center of the Earth. Now, that's a good time. Esp the Bernard Herrmann score. Check it out.
Thank you for the RTs and mention - -
haha new year = new attitude
got nothing to ask but just gonna say I admire the hell out if you for staying yourself
I just love everything about him (: ❤
#Brewers win!!! Get the brooms out, sweep tomorrow!!! #Cubs suck!
hahah love u too :P
text me
Good luck in whatever you decide to do! We'll always appreciate what you've done here at UK! Hard to turn down USC, good luck!
Great LA tweet Beto haha, and awesome tweets lately, hope all is well!
Possible game changer in Vikings Stadium debate. Watch Sunrise to hear what city is adding its name to the site list.
How are those kittens doing?
Ok yea its 13176543404
#cnndialogues : it is going to get worse in Syria.
- Thx so much for the mention!! We have a show tonite. Maybe see ya there!?
Shoutout to my new follower>>>> >>> follow & gain...
Having such a fun girls day with and :)
Rondo---taking control....
Welp, the hair is definitely not going to do what it's supposed to tonight. Cool. Thanks, scalp.
New blog post : 5 Weight Training Tips for Building Huge Muscles
story of my life.
keep the energy up this morn, LB JR. tis a rough morning...
Woah now the Google Wage email is back in my box. I feel whole again :) cc:
HoeLies #50: I don't go down.
#ispythursday Candy Aisle Wedge
That's why you are the right man for the job my friend.
I'm writing the #EHR chapter in a new epidemiology textbook. What would your favorite section be?
Love the background! Hahaa, Just saying. lol
-- the old days / beautifully in bloom / the winter peony #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
its actually a pretty good movie!
Dude I had that call today too…. wtf
Manningham from Manning ... TOUCHDOWN #GIANTS!
My ears are so infected that I don't even think I can wear earrings for prom 😔
RT Mission Accomplished... Surprised my Mama with a new Kindle Fire after giving her a series of gag gifts first......
So far I am impressed by the people I'm allowed to follow.
Hey why do why still call them "Mixtapes" and they're not "tapes"..lol
I love when Jack headbutts Nina. I like it even more when he kills her.
fire alarm @ PT 2day. Glad was a false so I didn't have to climb down 7 flights of stairs on crutches.
Don't like my tweets? Fanfuckingtastic. Unfollow me.
It took every ounce of strength I have (& changing phone settings!) not to check work email the last 2 days of vacation, but I did it!
Follow the fire
thx for the tougher smoking rules and the pilot green waste pick up. Keep up the good work.
SIGNAL PATH with J3 PROJECT at The Canal Club tonight, doors @ 9pm
If I had a British accent, I'd never shut up.
Good pick dallas
can't wait to come home and practice for the talent show :) good girl & just a kiss haha
Grill the fucking lama
- you need to come to America so you can do a shoot with me (:
Thanks for watching! And for bein' such a sweet pea.
Oh I should've guessed from your name. Yeah, we say "dong" a lot :) Do you find cuisine from home there?
That is an awesome pic!
How lengthy is the penaty for "Closing a hand on the puck"? All I can find is 2 minutes, certainly not THE lengthiest.
thanks for the follow.. pleasure to meet anybody that loves country as much as me :-)
See ya on the other side,luv!
Send as Fax can be very useful. One click to send faxes will save time and a LOT of money eliminating fax hardware.
- do you have a blog?! Liking your tweets. Seems friendly.
Merry Christmas you wonderful old Building & Loan!
Thank you so much~ Have a great one!
You mean it? Abe tends to beat me at everything! (e.g. presidential election winning, top hat styling, beard grooming)
Pay someones Toll today... and see what happens...
I love you sweet tea!!!
Im tired of the hospital
#NP Soul Asylum "Runaway Train" How on earth did I get so jaded life's mysteries seem so faded.
Phones are crazy, one of our systems is down and I am here by myself. Happy Friday!
i like ovechkin but stepan and mcdonagh are on new york.. looks like a win win situation to me
Tomorrow morning, right after the House Party announces VIP box tickets Dana & Kandee will be making a pretty big concert announcement!
We've switched servers and are having some issues getting the new feed recognized. Episode 66 will be up ASAP. Thanks for hanging with us.
Any Mayans out there willing to work on a new calendar so we can shut up the doomsayers?
whats club butter twitter name
Never wanted to be in my pj's collapsed on my bed more in my entire life...
Dog fight in Dallas
When wasn't it? How's the outlook... looking?
Likely story.
: Thank you for becoming my twitter friend!
Good seeing you guys , too! I had a blast.
Reports of a SECOND BREACH to Sony's Playstation networks, putting 8,500 user accounts out in the open. More at 5:30 on
I love your little princess! I, myself, will always be a Daddy's girl too!
when you tear your straw wrapper & no one's thinking of you <
... and I guess it aint just to get in free to a bunch of showcases!
RT: The system trys 2 condition us. Sumtime it works. But more often than not, we the resistance will find a way 2 fight the ma ...
I also remember feeling that same way about Elder Scrolls back in 2002 :)
There buying up the stuff as fast as I get it posted.
Go #Kentucky. That is all.
: it all depends on the #cheapest city and the right location #gettoitlocationPA's :/
The Vow looks good to watch but some people font like the ending?
Ugh! I am such a wuss. I didn't do any physical labor today, aside from riding my bike, and I feel beat! Another early night for me.
When u want ur stuff back
Qbs are playing to their 40's now. I take weeden leading this team for 10 yrs while we develop othe qbs
The best part about a bologna sandwich, in the morning, is realizing halfway through that bologna is gross and throwing the rest out
Thanks for the follow and the RT!!
"They sat b/c you didn't hassle them; you lost control of them 20 min. ago"on control of class & teen's develop. need to move
Reading is like eating. Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
thanks for sharing that.
Thanks. You guys have got a hell of a tight end. Kids a stud
Marquette v. Murray St. game is madness
what benefits have you seen for yourself?
A hot dog cart is not a food truck and a Taco bus is not gourmet. Tampa bay, get going on this delicious trend, we are hungry.
Takeout & Delivery = more time to sleep! Holler!
im up!
Thanks for the tip--will do.
Strangely accusatory, adversarial tone in that Kotz article. Comes off like there's some kind of civil rights struggle at stake.
Thanks for the shoutout. Glad to be tweeting with you.
ty for the amazing support Matt!!!
Everybody follow me ill show u n tell u some real true shit.
"You can't change how people feel about you, so don't try. Just live your life and be happy."
I seen it all, Galaxy cufflinks, now they don't ever scratch a record do they?
Dying for some Cheetos and Pepsi now. Thanks,
So if I died to day I'd die a happy man
I'll be back with a pic! I support this.
Chill with $2 Texas Beers tonight @ the goat... $2.50 classic burger deals too!!!
Twitter and are ruining my life. It's one o'clock and I have to get some work done...not laugh like a hyena.
yea my old ones ripped so Nike gave me new ones. :)
That moment of regret when you realize you're waisting your time.
Teen Digital Advisory is joining forces w/ Teen Night event to gather peer feedback for teen tech project
So fuckin tired and hung over. Just want to go home.
Mompreneurs to follow:
Hey guys.. how close are you to opening the indoor seating near Jeld Wen?
Catti Smith would be an excellent name for one of your new ones.
It?s inspirational for people to see their neighbors? home and garden - Judy Sullivan
Todays' Magic Relationship word is: CONNECTION.
I'm learning a few cover tunes. Any requests? If I pick yours, I'll tweet the video from my youtube
based at Kingman island but probably out on a boat with press for most of the morning. Looks like a beautiful morning shaping up!
skiing is like skiing
tonight! Take me back. #imisscollege. Enjoy young bloods!
I feel like I'm I'm a zombie apocalypse in Boston.
Negroni & manhattan were excellent & the food wasn't bad ;) MT : we look forward to seeing you again is ready
Getting ready to go to my grandma's funeral soon. I'm meeting lots of family members I didn't know I had. Praying for their happiness. :)
Come in for our happy hour specials soon!!!
We are meeting in the Indiana State Library - Indiana Authors Room. We will be tweeting every fifth application.
How fast would Edward Rooney have caught Ferris Bueller today by following him on Twitter?
My $ound'$ 2016,im The Future!!!! Haters hatin cause they sound of the past.
#AlexandRobertTweetTweet follow me follow me #AlexandRobertTweetTweet follow me x3
If brownies are out, what should I bring at the end of the month?
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter
Your past doesn’t define your future. Today is a new day. Walk in it with confidence and boldness!!
So sleepy, but I can't sleep...why?
Done with idiotic people. Just don't care anymore!
This game tho
and things were going so much better...
Ok, it's probably best that I get off Twitter.
Too perfect for words! Has his daddy's chops 4sure.
Running With Country Music All-Stars: A Running Playlist
Vincent just Retweeted that Rat. Lmfaoooo.
so how the dudes in cali? (;
Do you know your characters? If you don't, we can't.
Hey thanks! We are stoked you like what we do! ": nice clothes friends !!"
Wow..my baby is almost done with pre k omg..I feel like she jus started! Time is not on my side lol..she's growin up too fast :(
Our Sausalito Opening features 2 New Artistic Movements: Romantic Avant-Garde and Idealistic Abstractionism. This is the Future of Fine Art
Big ups to for winning the #EOW MC Challenge!!! #accapellaRound!!!
the fire is gone,my feelings stay, what the fuck is wrong?
just heading out to gig lu....what about chooo?
it's a long season, even the best have off day..keep head up and focused! You're part of reason we are on top
What would do for a klondike bar? xD
How late are you guys open and do you have Wifi?
Hello Twitter!
I'll be sleeping all day till my baby texts me
New lineup for the Black Division of the Woodland Conference in boys hoops ... Eisenhower, N.B. West, Pius, Tosa West, Greendale, Pewaukee.
....my heart broke just a little bit more...
Awesome! Glad we could help. See you in a few hours.
People who parent other people's children via Facebook need to put a sock in it.
True that. Sometimes you have to move on. If it's not meant to be, then don't force it, it's not even worth it.
its gettin old really quick lol
Welcome to twitter!
King of Fighters XIII team has been decided. Duo Lon, Kim, Chin. I have a lot of work to do.
Wine tasting with cheese, chocolate, bread and fruit this afternoon, and a fashion show tonight. Good day!
"indiana has a lot of athletes. They are long and incredibly physical so you cant ignore them." - Stephen A Smith on the Pacers chances
come on that laker site you retweeted is trolling, that was a vicious elbow to the head that ended up being a concussion
And I was so excited..
bootleg theater tomorrow night in LA!
an unnamed union shill through a hissy-fit. His name rhymes with Zielinski.
The Goodlettsville fields are so much nicer than the Hendersonville fields.
Do we really need another Three Musketeers movie?! Haven't we already seen/read this story a billion times already?!
Good morning!
- thanks for the RT as well!
Holy shit, I almost gave a fuck.
RT Fabulous Sunday: baked treats followed by coffee & convo market - abridged power walk due to wind chill
Loved our hike today - thanks ladies!! Mayreni and Steph!
you know me too well!
I just got a pizza for $0.22 using a coupon. Not too shabby!
Thanks for sharing your presentation at SoCon12 on ! You did a great job sharing information and insights!
This warm humid weather is the bomb
do they have skill or talent?
Of course there is a guy smoking a joint right outside the door of the hotel. That is how you know you are in California.
One day closer till school is out.
I love it how there are a thousand poker rooms on the strip but were playing online...thats new school poker
Driving down to Chicago to work an event at the Double Door and "Not Your Fault" by is playing on the new alternative station!
What a night!
This is so true live it and love it thx!!!!
You watch "Happy Endings" and "Apt. 23" ?
Congrats on the event. We look forward to more book festivals in the future!
Master Theatre Teacher Maurice Lamee shares his observations and tips Monolgues in his latest video...
Just got off work and will tuning in tonight! :)
Spring Jam 2012 time to get weird
<----- Sprung ass motherfucker.
Perfect weekend for an outdoor shoot with the fam
"A game layer on top of life is here already" says MTV's research lead at
Yes! Another day to make a difference in somebody's life.
Facebook is mad wack LMS if you love Jesus or like my status for a TBH people are mad thirsty for attention these days
#BroLies, playing now with your vag.
RT : I can say that no matter the outcome, I'm proud of the Pens. Don't think I can say the same for the refs or Flyers.
The Latest from CES You can now play your PS3 games on your Xbox 360, all while using a Nintendo 3DS as a controller.
Ready to rock my new cut tomorrow ✂
thank u sis well I'm gonna go to bed goodnight love ya xoxo TTYLXOX
That awkward moment when hubby stares at the pimple on your forehead then interrupts you with, "Wait, I think it's communicating with me."
I put a spell on you and now you're mine
no quitting just yelling
u have a Grover nose
I swear this oath: my summer will revolve around the # of shows we can see and the # of people from familia we can meet.
Need a new date to homecoming old one was on some dumb shit! How wants to go
Oh and how would I know anything without you?
If interested Looking for Players in Denver area for Fantasy Basketball League.Fee is $50 with prizes up to $500. Please send Direct Message
yeah it sucks. And I really need some sleep:/
I wish Brooke Valentine popped out with Big Boi Saturday so they could preform Girlfight. Taking me back to my middle school days.
"When it comes to eating right and exercising, there is no "I'll start tomorrow." Tomorrow is disease." - Terri Guillemets (thank you...
Excited for tomorrow's #fightwinter work out challenge!
RT : #epatcon We have to learn from the narrative to improve Health Care. This is not marketing this is R&D.
The National Weather Service says BWI briefly hit 90 this afternoon, tying the heat record set in 2002.
cooking. yum
hey guys, just playing on snoopy street fair! so cute! xx lol xx snoopy is so cute ! he's a begale !
Ikr. It would be great if we had home court advantage! We'll see
Can't sleep wtf!!!
I've been thinking about doing an Ignite! RT : Wld lv to c u do an Ignite.
...yeah, always a bad idea.
sorry to miss you too, jack! loving life and would be great to reconnect soon. keep on doing well by doing good! :)
Hello World, hope your Week was all that you wanted it to be!
Need a job so badly!
yall fags got practice?
do you go there often?
RT : some times doing something dumb is the smartest thing to do
My knee hurts so bad
Indo ELF's tweets make me very happy.
thanks for asking! He didn't need quarantine and he's settled and happy! My cat rocks :)
DJ Styles will be spinning at a FREE NYE Party at The Dirty Bird Lounge, 29308 Mission Blvd, Hayward. 10-2 Stop thru if you're in the area.
know how much it hurts me. So when you came back at me in all CAPS and went off on me I was like fuck it!
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 21
so out of this AM I just accidentally cut 20 ppl in starbucks line...luckily its the Midwest so no one punched me!
Food Fact of the Day: March 6, 1912 Nabisco debuts the Oreo cookie. A red letter day in the history of cookies!
Goodnight twitter world! Off tomorrow so im gonna sleep my ass off!! Talk to yall tomorrow. Sweet dreams everyone! :-)
I just finished a 3.58 mi run with a time of 28:15 with Nike+ GPS.
Happy Christmas Eve from Firefly!
I have to agree with you on that one
we know it's you, Yas.
#HillerHelps - Texas Law allows for a 'discernment counselor' who can determine if reconciliation makes sense.
RT Be sure to support ALPHA Xi DELTA's Autism Awareness! Wear your blue
The finality of that last retweet is painful. Gonna miss that guy and his hoops classmates.
Kendall mix or Don mix?
Whoa. This new Timeline thing is pretty cool.
You're losing me. Slowly but surely. 😒
There is no such thing as PC and Not PC. It is really just Humor and the lack of Humor. ,)
We love Halloween! Play your costume up with makeup, glitters,bright colors! Black, purple lipstick everything goes!
Can't wait to chow down on some guac at #paladar. Love stuffing face with the girls:)
And the Mets are giving him a tribute tonight. Disgraceful.
“ It knows that words aren't needed when you take somebody's hand. –Christopher Robin”
Dentist & now some Jack in the box (:
because your crazy
Way to go Jessica Simpson. First, you eat enough to stare an entire country, then you name your baby girl a boy's name, bravo!
Pedicures are for winners. #hencewhyi'mgettingone
We hope so too -- but we doubt it. They work at a hoity toity institution, so their self-inflation is up by 50%.
I can't wait to do a whole lotta nothing with you!
did you forget something in your Story about #citibank arrests. We suggest you go FIX the story.
I had 1 of those too. Even after explaining that I am only accepting friend requests from ppl I actually know-she tried again
your new work is simply amazing!
Nothing sexier than a beautiful, tan, dark-haired female.
lol oh u know it big 27 I feel old saying that lol
Happy Birthday!! Hope you have an amazing day :)
what exactly does that mean? Is Kraft willing to build a SS Stadium? Player signings? How is he willing to succeed?
the dance floor is sticky. i can live with that.
get it in bro
How could you overlook it though? its huge
Wow, tickets moving fast today - don't miss out!
MT Press should really tell Carney re "not making news": Our job is to decide what's news, yours is to answer the damn question
Has anyone gamed where you ride over a predetermined route, or time periodand try to list as many different WIFI networks as you can?
God wants you to live out your dreams
#GoRabbits!! RT : Long Beach ca!! Home of the scholars and champs long beach poly!!!
Two of our last three presidents came form single parent homes you assholes.
OH: "you can get two of 'em for a penny."
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho beat your ass with a belt... Too bad it was attached to them.
If u got so many issues with Islam, y don't u show some guts & renounce it publicly & tell every1 who & what u r ?
he told me he`s coming i believe this month
hey wats your favorite color
Why did everyone get really excited at Willy T when nothing even happened?
#1000HaitianWaysToDie EARTHQUAKE! Too soon?
Today I have discovered the mouthgasm that is the buttery-soft caramel dipped in dark chocolate and sprinkled with gray sea salt.
TGIF!! Any fun weekend plans!? Who's going to the beach!?
Fuck the Rangers..
About to go live with more on Seaus death. I looked at public docs/court records trying to find out what might have led to this
I hear #starbucks is now serving wine and beer? Is this true, and if so where?!
Mohegan Sun smelled like my grandma's house <3
Check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com to get all of your favorite toys for children at any age!
happy birthday to one of my favorite girls, <3
no stealing kei! :)
this shift has drug on forever and I still have 2 hours left!
You just hope those guys wearing that uniform do well to bring honor and winning to the clothing
awesome I'ma celebrate when u do
": Chocolate martinis is my new favorite :) thanks " they are bomb
Taking the day in stride
what's wrong babe?
“: Do you like it?” it's ok. Not a big fan of it.
A big shout-out to my 100th Twitter follower , who wins a buffet-style dinner at one of Indiana's most "Golden" establishments!
Chicago has 69 points omg
uh i bored anyon else out there bored
and that one man is going to be a great man that will treat her right..and have her take the chance out of lesbianism. lol. 1 GUY.
#PSAT tomorrow..i refuse to take it!!!
follow Then you'll get it.
great minds indeed! LOL
.....Sorry.......I shouldnt have been so hard on you...I suffered the same injury...unfortunately not from a FERRARI
I think I need a long hot bubble bath. Literally the most perfect day.
they just think i'm going crazy.... ur the only one that understands
Need to read yr book--110% agree: "critical myopia has cast Whitman as the solitary singer"
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pizzeria Mozza - Pizza (live updates)
RT : Colts GM Ryan Grigson told reporters Wed. that he has decided who to take with the #1 pick, but we wouldn't reveal who.
Haha, I saw they made it for android! It's funny how we were just talking about that today!!
So I'm really thinking Chipotle when I leave my internship tomorrow.
everything happens for a reason....does it????
Too $hort "gangster" with on !!!!
really doe but shit like dis jus make da mamba go haywire
"duh" -Obama
RT That moment of glory when you find out everyone hates the same person you hate.
talk about august of last year ...sorry we don't pillow talk updates on life.
Waiting for this pizza!
Well here comes another one....I'm on Santa Monica and Robertson!!! #freeballin RT : LAPD has naked guy in custody
There is NOTHING I hate more than people who DON'T do their job. F'n snow plowing lazy buttheads! Plow the freakin ROADS, nimrods.
When the dust settles, the STILL underrated CARDS will STILL be top of NFC West & RAMS will STILL be at bottom, don't let Pre Seas fool u!
Rick Perry says "this campaign has never been about the candidates. I ran for president because I love America."
The LovingLocal.com website development is in full swing. If you know of a great local business, let us know and we'll feature them!
Fish Fry Friday! Cod is served with french fries and coleslaw and walleye is served with potato pancakes and house veggies! Yum!
I have two growlers w me. ;) I will ask my hubs and text if plausible that we could stop.
JoeL, JoeL, JoeL... Of Course Not. no need to go There. At 60, I'm just so sorry for th loss of Better Times
If you have an concern, please send an email to and ask for it to be directed to a supervisor.
Lmao, that was a failure.
He will turn 3 next month. “: Nice....getting big brotha.”
Will a "Who Do You Think You Are" season premiere viewing party will be held in a room at the library, like last year?
I WANT JACK!! xD
We are accepting walk-ins for our $10 Shampoo & Set special 6320 Winchester Road
Typo--Earthquakes can't KEEP us from having the Crab Feast. See everyone Saturday!
Hearing my own voice gives me mixed emotions. #sloppyshowtoday RT : ...I can hear you while i type, this is...
its annoying when people text me to make plans last minute...
Windows Paint doesn't have shit on Google Drawing. Trust me...
Will give me $50 to own MY hat. Its a collectors item.
OKC may be the trendy pick but folks are going to sleep on the Lakers.
Yeah, it's definitely wine-focused. As long as you take it somewhat seriously and read through the study guide, it's a snap.
This convo on my TL is in fact
Feeling lucky? Make the less fortunate feel as lucky as you this St. Patty's Day. Donate to our bin @ Champions Pub from March 16th-20th.
on location waiting for 2 knuckleheads to finish doing bicep curls in the squat rack. Geez!
Damn, I would really like some nachos & a cocktail right about now...
Ruth's Chris-bound for one last work meeting before full #Coachella preparation madness takes over.
i think it's funny when Roshon makes fun of me trying to do an imitation of his signature dance move.
There is more to life than increasing its speed. via
We should see them, they're an hour away from here in july
do you bookmark in different places, or just one? I just Diigo-ed a bunch of links, but am rethinking.
Thats hard to do with all the anti hacking efforts of Directv.
Giving to charities that have a top guy getting most of the money instead of the people that really need it is bull crap!
You've been hurt before, I can see it in your eyes. Don't try to hide it, somethings you should not disguise.♥
Liking Star Wars, Pokémon, and LOTR and shit like that doesn't make you a nerd you fuckwads.
“: 1 universe, 8 planets, 204 countries, 804 islands, 7 seas, 7 billion people and my heart still tells me it's you.”
So jealous you are going to the WHCD!! Love celebrity sightings!! Miss you! Let's hang out soon!!
So sad
“ Listen IT'll NEVER HAPPEN AGAIN!!!! Trust me!!!!”
Ugh, I feel terrible...
Why are you so adorable?
you're welcome :)
First name: Tangelar. Is this like one of the word scrambles where you can make 20 words from just 1?
The guys in the chatroom right now loving the gains on #KMAG and
It should be the same with those services.
Fathers hug your daughters and continue to guide them to the right type of guys. Our job is never over. 26 is not enough!
RT : Txt "Haiti" to 90999 to donate. 100% of your $10 donation passes to for Haiti relief. Cell carrier keeps nothing.
1n2d is on tonight and I cant wait
#YouCuteAndAllBut your too chunky to be wearin that...
i wish i could go to texas!
One last day....
We have arrived as a Chicago church. Ronnie Woo-Woo just showed up
#Faith in your #heart for all things #good and #true will bring #love #peace and #contentment. #Misery only comes when you miss the mark.
“: Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.”
"Nothing is secure but life, transition, the energizing spirit." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
RT : Funding mechanism for judicial system passes committee. Now we're on to a proposed "cigarette user fee increase"
son of a female dog. Flaming butt holes?
You get the feeling Jeff Ireland is going to start talking up Matt Moore soon.
New Video Tips coming soon!
Anybody got a direct # 4 Lee Daniels? We want him @ 3rd beyond borders:diversity n Cannes Symposium. we diverse he diverse #nobrainer LOL
Hello Everyone!!!! i just follow 6 more people if i didnt follow you back let me know ok :)
Tonight you'd like to sing karaoke and dance your ass off...so, head to Karaoke at the Attic in Madison Park 9pm!
Wow!!!! Sad news to hear about Junior Seau's tragic death!!!! RIP. His family must be devastated.
So remember that time yesterday when I got to hangout with one of the Rolling Stones... That was fun.
where are you?
That which doesn't kill me has be everything so far
Trying stuff we never tried before at our show on Friday at the Cherrywood in Blackwood, NJ
1603 needs to be extended -- Tax Credits aren't proper, let's take note from the leaders of #solar and then pass them
Im up to damn early bro why cnt track meets start at 1:00 im tired then mama wanna trip over dishes man
Did you know GSA has a schedule for Temporary and Administrative Professional Staffing?
thanks for the suggestions I'm always looking for new worship :)
OH WAIT HEDDY IT'S YOU HI
27% of all emails opened on a mobile device -- wow! MT
Happy Milwaukee Day!
for you .. Of course!
Travis has been shredding guitar in the basement for over an hour. My ears are bleeding.
Having a great day! Reading over scripts, figuring out production things, just so many amazing things that are happening right now!
i stepped on a rock & cut my foot. it still hurts today. never going outside at night w/ out shoes anymore!
Adding to my (shoulder) #pain on first-ever physical therapist visit, nearby patient enthused about getting #Kraftwerk tix, as I failed to.
An instagram picture would've been nice to accompany that tweet.
Awesome. Thanks boo face. :)
I need a job
Don't ever forget who you are. You are created by God, redeemed by Christ. Therefore, don't ever let anyone take the heart out of you.
"Midnight in Paris" foreign box-office is actually $48.5, so the film has now reached a total of $101.4 million!
Staxx in my jeans.
Pip, the Mini, is all better now. And it's sunny out. I'm happy.
Especially when they are as amazing as gucci's!!!
We will be joining thousands of food safety professionals at the Food Safety Summit in April in D.C. , anyone else going?
If at first you dont succeed, dust your self off and try again.
I KNOW OASOIFSHOIASHOIFHSA.
Has anyone seen Zach in the last year?
Also taking Oregon Moneyline to beat Stanford !!! Oregon is going to run run run all over them !
Too much Terrelle Pryor for the Ducks.
Me; were so gay. ; I'm gay. Lololololol
Chris Evans is both Captain America and The Human Torch in Fantastic Four...I ain't even mad tho.
so is trademarking the new thing?? I wanna jump on this bandwagon
#followme and I will follow u back
Is it cool if I hold your hand? Is it wrong if I think it's lame to dance? Do you like my stupid hair?
That's so cool! Is this her first year at camp? It's fun to find active things for them for summer. Keep up the great work!
I stand with great humility in the long shadow of your literary prowess, albeit proudly.
I thought it actually meant some
Thanks for that post, Jenna.
No I'm not crying in a bar simply because this girl ISN'T butchering "I Will Always Love You."
what how is it already noon? time needs to sloowww the fuck down
dessert for breakfast? Yay or nay?
Oh kick some ass also.
absolutely. Praying fr you brother. Keep your head up!
I really liked it! kinda sad though, especially since its based on real people. I really want to read hunger games. thats next
if you were elected state rep would you support concealed carry on campus?
congrats baby ;)
We disappoint the sun? So then it IS the same Adam who writes those songs!
I just saw that crime in China is on the rise. I'm not surprised. Have you ever seen their handcuffs?
Looking forward to the midnight movie tonight at The Oriental Theatre "Karate: Robo Zarbogar"...what are your faves for #mff2011?
Good Morning TAAP Fans!
thanks for the follow
I bet! My little bros gf is all over any guy and I keep telling my bro but he's so "in love" with her -.-
Dangerously Delicious Pies is running dangerously low on pies right now.
YouTube Users: Has anyone had success adding a banner to your page using the new youtube layout without being a content partner? Thanks!
Follow ur Boy, I'm going places. New Movie n All.
Looking to steer clear of the mayhem? We've got your pour right here. Plus the patio!!
You Make me laugh&cry but I love you & that's it I just want to see you happy one last time I really Do want you in my life
Just lost a follower! Wtf bro D;
you are one of my sleepers this year! i feel a breakout year for you guy!
Woah. This boy got me crazy. This is a new experience..
In my Sam Cooke voice--->"A change gonna come!" I need to slow down a bit and ask for wisdom in this situation...Twitter fam help!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm working way too hard... Smh.
I was a fan before Teen Hoot, but afterwards I was an even bigger fan! I love you! :) <>
aw my twitter changed... :(
send me the link
Its out of my control now. Hoping for the best but preparing for the worst.
It's a brilliant, stunning, ultrafast, breakthrough, revolutionary device that has once again redefined everything. (higher resolution)
#20ThingsAboutMe i messed up so much in my life i move around jus 2 try and start fresh
I watched the whole first season yesterday.
I miss you too pookey bear!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  32
Thank God i had a spare tho
Thanks for having the crew on!! You rock!
gonna be at sunrise mall today if u want tix sooner :)
How detailed do you want it?
literally just stared at my Xbox for at least a minute trying to decide if I should play nba2k or go to bed
I want some ramen so bad right now.
Happy thirsty thursday errbody! never stop makin that cake $ $ $
I didn't even noticed that still now about saint louis
Lite: the new way to spell Light, now with 20% fewer letters!
Is that the same bih that had on forces though!!?? Lol!! I still CANT
its "Money owns this town"
Just picked up all my home studio equipment on the cheap thanks to ! Startin production from the ground up!
Aye! Stay away from flash!
"Is this a business proposal or a Dadaist manifesto?" - my husband, after reading about one of my organization's strategic initiatives.
thanks...will ask you some DM questions regarding the access factor as I use a wheelchair. I'm cool adapting the movements
its hot af there. Like its moisty. Your gunna do ALOT of walking
Thanks for the retweet, MIranda!
#EarthDay 2012!!! Have you tried our fruit and nut spice granola?
seeing flogging molly in june with hannah, deb and my dad \m/
dude if you fine a girl like that propose on the spot she has been blessed
I'm ready to go home , gma getting on my nerves!
We're excited to welcome our new Monkey, Becky Nickerson to the Treehouses! She will be teaching 9am Mon/Wed in Midtown Yoga Flow!
Need to go to duke cuz I don't feel like sittin in wake med all nite
After your last tweet, I can't get the sound of Herman Cain singing Summertime out of my head.
Without spilling the beans, we have so many cool #solar products in final production and can't wait to share them with our Twitter Fans!
Happy 65th Birthday Freddie Mercury!
U will stop saying the devil made me do it when you realize Satan at his best can still only operate within the parenthesis of God's sov ...
i am very upset I didn't see u today! We really r not destined :(
Nope. You weren't. They're called both. The "pad" is for the ruled writing pads that slip into them.
so what if this world just throws me off the edge, my feet run out of ground?
Expressing our gratitude with words is not as empowering than living by them in our everyday lives. HAPPY THANKSGIVING DAY
OH: (my daughters in the other room) "He is risen!" - Anna "He is risen indeed!" - Celia 😂
Mothers Day is this Sunday! Give the gift of beauty~ from Rose facials to gorgeous fragrances let us inspire you to find the perfect gift
Lending pick on somebody your own size
I almost turned the game off, glad I didn't!
god i hope so!
Loading in for the show at HOB. Take off ur dancing shoes and party with us tonight! Thats right, take em OFF!
WHY AM I SO TIRED ?!
well, I got the best :)
seriously though you should come over. I have Ruby Redbird and space bags.
just watched Groundhog Day for the 20+ time, still laughing, still moved. what made the last day special? he stopped trying to escape.
East bound and down Rollin up and truckin #catalyst Dallas
just wanna breakfast in hurry..!!:)
Last NYC thoughts: Best looking men are in TriBeCa & West Village.
I love my mother 
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise! PC is here to help!
They are great women! RT : , Thx 4March article on 's Cami and Stacie. They are truly doing a great...
Lukas Nelson & Promise Of The Real: Check them out on David Letterman Tonight and at Canal Club on May 15th.
Using echo phone. Will try it now. :)
you're still welcome at most of our drinking events, which are monthly! as is of course! (best twitter name!)
I worried to much.
Bloomington Reason to Hope, Wed, April 18th, 8-9 a.m. Chapman’s Restaurant & Banquet Center,300 South State Road 446,Bloomington
Damn you, Twitter profile! Why did I have to confess my evil houseplant killing ways to the interwebs?! Why?! *shakes fist at sky*
Now that we have launched nursery version 2.0, and I are celebrating at margaritas.
do you want to be my valentine? check yes or no. seriously, i accept checks.
RT : "What we used to settle with common sense or a fist, we settle with hand sanitizer and lawyers." -
That's a paraphrase of von Braun -- "A vision without funding is only an hallucination."
We are please to announce that Jae Kim and Christina Kelsey have joined as Salespersons
MY WEDDING VOWS: i knew we were destined to be together ! You are the cheese to my macaroni and the PB to my J ! MARRY ME !
It is a sin to believe in evil of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
I refuse to eat cantaloupe at a
i not high thats a joke lol, Come to the Hollywood Improv in 2 weeks my show is going down.
Hey! Just saw this! Still learning this twitter stuff-tryin to get used to it
Thanks so much Sir! I truly appreciate you :-)
#TheAwkwardMoment When You Suddenly Remeber Something Hilarious in A Silent Situation..!
yess I'm going through withdraws! You should understand with how much you talk about tanning
A good leader must be a servant, and must be willing to leave when the people he is leading says, “Stop! Don’t lead us any more!”
great job from the NE Revs supporter groups, showing solidarity.
#SWEETDREAMS TONIGHT!!! ALL GREEKS FREE TIL MIDNIGHT!!! I REPEAT THE AKAs HAVE REQUESTED IT SO WE DELIVER!! GREEKS FREE AT
Yes, I've actually been doing it for 2 and a half years straight. Welcome to the real world.
Happy Monday! How's your week starting out?
Watching 'Beer Wars'... good stuff.
Sit down, Granderson
thanks! I don't really need another pig tshirt, but this one was just too good to pass up.
toc bar this friday !! COME SEE THE COLDEST performers in HOUSTON!! get your drink on and enjoy the summer time
lol i love it! Just sitting outside as long as i can take it b4 it rains
#IfItWasUpToMe everyone would dress like Man Men characters :)
don't disrespect my team
that's taxpayer resources well spent
yes! See you soon brother. Where is the show?
RT: “: I especially like idea of surveying students about what they want. More testing? Bet not.”
GTL is my
Can't wait
The Friday Thinker is coming up at 9:30 am. We've got a twist for you today, so don't miss it!
give me head
Porcupines float in water
How long are you in Portland??
#FiveYearEngagement is really funny. Watch it and laugh!
no worries.
Headed out to tosa. Walters to be exact. Haven't been there since it smelled, looked and tasted like like an ashtray. Hope things are better
We're selling books with prices raised, nothing free. www.sullivanstpress.com/publications.
#HellInACell worst PPV in a long time.
only wishes she could block me.... (;
we started testing it yesterday it looked ok. Seemed like it was just pulling Google KWR tool's data though
* Honey Cocaine Flow :D ...
!awire Exciting game..but, GB will beat either one
I am pretty sure you'd see it on Park Ave. fur lined as well
I need to thin out my hair. Anyone know how to do that?
It happens at midnight every Sunday.
no stop it!!! We can't grow up, we still have to be those 7th grade girls that everyone thought were twins. #GoodbyeLA :(
Finally ordered my #ipad - patience is not my best quality.
I miss my daughter
thank you. Any and all support is greatly appreciated.
That walk with my mom made me sleepy. A shower and nap are in order....
and get live calls from ^_^
This weekend will be beautiful!
my office is quite full!
Im not fucking with someone who only cares about fame and materialism. Money isnt real, its a painful illusion so is your ego
Does anyone have any exciting #summerplans?!
All my teammates are getting awesome haircuts for the world series. This is my last chance. I need ideas for one
Im in love with song #IDGAF its basically how i feel today :)
I like Andrew Luck but he'll be lucky to play at Andy Dalton's level in his first season.
MODELS DEPENDING ONLY ON BODY & UR LOOK ISN'T GOING 2 CUT IT ALONE. ITS GOING 2 PUT U IN THE SAME CATEGORY AS OTHERS. SELL THE LOOK!
SOMEBODY PLEASE TELL ME HOW TO STREAM THE BASKETBALL GAME RIGHT NOW!!!!!
Anyone with advice on having wood flooring put in would be greatly appreciated.
I got the perfect make up idea 4 2nite!!!!
HD Derrick Rose 2011 Mix HD‏.flv
Chaos, Void & Tranquility...
In second block hoping it goes by fast.
Here I go.. unplugging and tuning out. Camping here I come! See y'all Monday!
I will slice your neck with… man that was weird.
Chicken & waffles and Grace's Song are calling your name!
Ok, so now I'm coloring with new friends at the collaborative drawing club in the #aam2012 expo ...and eating cupcakes. Cc:
Ha, yes that makes more sense. I'd assumed there was some bizarre physics term at play - 'Giant Rat Atom' eg
what would be a good audition song for into the woods?
Eastbound and Down vs. Downton. Night o nights.
So............. WalMart has a Reese's PEANUT BUTTER Cup ice cream cake!!!!!!! Cake cake cake cake -_____-
ADVERTISING QUOTES: Never write an advertisement which you wouldn't want your family to read. ~David Ogilvy
thank you dear
early august might be best for attendees involved in education. it would give teachers, students a better chance at attending.
You will be a winner today. Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
Ed Orser announcing the Arnold Prize for best article on Baltimore history w/ $500 prize.
You said you loved me but oh now you flippn like recipricals.
Going home and eating a bowl of soup and going to bed............. end of story!!
i come home from school and do whatever to just chill and you get mad...ugh
“: The colder the room you sleep in, the better the chances you’ll have a bad dream” explains your screaming?
oh great call on Chris Sabo!
I'LL TAKE WHAT'S IN THE BOX
Please follow he needs fans! Haha I got your back Tevin:)
Things happen for a reason.
Got to pack, get organized and geared up for #ewomen2010 conference. Can't wait until tomorrow morning to head downtown. Whoop!
I love a hater get em
Some one please tell me this is a bad joke...... I see R.I.P. Marco Simoncelli? I was up watching live @ 1am watching but fell asleep....
Lil Bro Knocked that fat lol
Chillin with my homies on skyscraper alley
MP!!! You're on twitter!! How's life mister I haven't see you in forevaaaaaa XOXO
Meetings all day...then Detroit to Ft. Myers...my skin will tramsform from edaward to jacob,
Absolutely perfect tonight! Love the outfit!
Oz is working with Brad from The Shed in Misisippi on a NEW Dessert that uses his BBQ Sauce as a base flavor...more to follow...
all them jobs u work lol
hey bro, SICK guitar solo on Yaweh
Still a few tickets left for tomorrow night's match. GREAT deal for tickets in a fantastic viewing area.
These wings I'm bout to fuck up doe >
The one serious conviction that a man should have is that nothing is to be taken too seriously.
My tail's last name is Byrd.
lol ! I love this ! :) can you put up the one me, you, and took in the car? <3
#ideas2action study hall: think their product takes student standpoint Actually think they are THE product that takes this position.
it does! I know where I'm going now! :D
The day I actually wanna go to school
and the vultures start to circle ...
Flying home tonight!!! NYC !!! Fucka ya
Scientific studies show that people who are lactose intolerant are really just racist against cows,
Its 12, where da flack is le sun? I'm tryna start the day yo
We may fight , but no fight will ever change the feelings I have for you nor will it change how bad I wanna be with you .
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Learning about Chicago in Indian Country at Newberry Library
my mom wants to wish your mom a happy mothers dayy! Hope its iconic!! <3
Get nasty Jansen... GET NASTY. Bounce a breaking ball, then a high heater.
I'm watching on #Ustream!!!! :D she hides Reeces in her room!! Lol Follow?? Haha
Mention the movement!
oh man, i wish i had been inside so i could see you! how is the baby!!??
New track releasing today! #StayTuned ...
Do you have the iPad and a Kindle? If yes for both why? I'm debating. Have the iPad but have not read in bed with it yet.
Stupid spinach dip.
"Gotta get home to watch Garfield Goose" - our mailman
Take your child to work day today.... Uh no I'm okay :)
All the info you need to know about Jeremy's new movie Hiding coming out on June 26th! Including the link to buy it!
you can paint mikes room whenever he moves in lol
Scotland, Ireland, Wales, Britain, Anaheim, it's all the same.
Replace your carbon-monoxide detectors every five years
yeah maybe later on when ur settled down with things
go slow, spend time developing the relationship
Countries worldwide are saving mothers’ and children’s lives at a faster pace | Institute for Health www.healthmetricsandevaluation.org
Awesome. 10-years ago today, Allen Iverson reminds everyone about "Practice".
Ah one more follower is all I need
Happy New Year!!
RT : So Foster the People is basically Passion Pit, right? In terms of both music and bizarre sudden popularity?
Omg parents why must you kill my mood!!?? Just let me go out D;
I think more like "This fine upstanding young woman was merely posing a rhetorical question in a hypothetical situation."
"she hypersucked my neck"
Where has the time gone? Tis May tomorrow. still feels like it was March yesterday.... :T
bad boys aint no good, good boys aint no fun.
Please be couple on her graduation PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE..
Thank goodness for Easter break! Dallas tomorrow :)
Your #valentinesday dining guide: For classy and for cool and casual
you need to follow me.....
get well soon.
follow back?
Glad I could provide you with this gem.
Good luck!
yes i do lmaoo. thank you haha. you to :D
#TheLostBoys #BestSoundtrackEver??? I think it's in the discussion...
What happened to put Rubby on the DL?
I totally sold out this morning.
no prob, its just what I do
I will be at the wildcat walk at 4:15
If there is spooning in bed...Then would there eventually be a fork in bed?
What people do for attention......... Smh
#fallforum AASL in Oregon Portland soon to begin
well I do too! If I was in the middle to the desert! (:
spending everyday in P.E at the park. totally ok with this.
Perk of being an underemployed freelancer? I can go on a hike today, and do my work at night! :) Cheers to the sun.
#Actors - Ready your audition for anything. Practice standing up, sitting down, on and off camera, big and small space, and adjust yourself!
RT : Looking at so many cool #thatcamp se proposals from and others!
Pretty! I always wanted a Siamese!
I know, comfort me best friend:(
Many thanks to Chef Brust for the amazing meal and to Lauren, Mark W and Mark S for the after dinner coffee and conversation!
Listening to on this just can't be summer love...
when the rain causes us to have no direct tv <<<<<<<<<<
are you colorblind? If so, you are already at a great disadvantage.
Just like Air Force is a passing team, right D? RT: Did Stanley just say he thought Braxton Miller was the same QB he was last yr?
Yeah. Going to Orlando Magic playoff game tomorrow.
Kay, thanks (:
Whoever brings me a sweatshirt to the lib will be my new best friend
That's what my step dad gets for degrading me... He gets told off by me and my mom! Mhmm!
wow. Don't know which is sadder u quoting pretty woman or the fact the I know it
See, now I'm just confused. Come here.
RT : Q. What are some of the industries that are seeing a surge in social entrepreneurship?
Resisting the urge for Moes Monday
Kings vs. Lakers game tonight! Hope to see everyone at there. You won't want to miss out! Go Kings!
I'm confused what is everybody talking about TFJ?.
Just keep gradually increasing your mileage & be sure to allow time to recover between the long runs. You'll be there no problem!
enjoyed watching the Nadal vs Djokovic match thought Nadal was going to pull it out
I say we do it once a month to keep the karma rolling!
“: This morning I was twerking so hard in the shower that I slipped on the soap and almost broke my neck.”
I highly recommend the Pink Lime Frozt ! Passion fruit tea with lime, mixed into a refreshing frozen piece of heaven!
Dangerous start to the AM commute. Roads are slick in SD this morning. We're following several crashes that sent people to the hospital.
To get an Oreo Mcflurry
thanks for the follow, hope to connect more soon.
yes you are! Sadi is proof.
There are drunk Cubs fans on my train. 8am. So it begins.
Today & tomorrow to go....so close, yet SO far away
Lol RT : Ha! “: Insult to injury. 1st Hines retires now some Ravens fan wins the Mega Million. #SteelersNation”
One, it?s to make you comfortable, and the more comfortable you are the more creative you will become
Countdown to Mest, t minus 9 days!!! Can't wait, it's been 4 years!
Hilarious and true, thanks.
I slept a full 8 hours last night
#Giants champions, #Yankees winners, #Rangers advance, #knicks why u gotto do this to me.
Madison, please follow me <3
follow me plss
Paydays, the candy make everything better:) and I guess Pay Days are pretty good too
Time to burn some calories before the big weekend!!!!
The Conventional definition of mgmt is getting work done through people but real mgmt is developing people through work.
I know I'm late but goodmorning lol
Hi ! I drank in 2012 was an amazing '08 Sentoarte Cabernet from one of my favorite producers Corte Figaretto! What about you?
So I'm looking for other Chicago bands/musicians that would be interested in doing a cover trade. anyone interested?
RNG KILLED IT , BAILEY ANDERSON <3 AC SLATER AH MARIO!
BAHAHHAHAH WAIT... He's anthony? Omg.. So
Sad to see out of business. It's my neighborhood spot.
How can it be that I already look tired? That's what I'm hearing from my peeps @ work. Yawn...
Oh, Tupac. How I wish you'd lived to teach on and bring the world your music into this era. We could use a revolution...and some music.
Awesome time today at # itexpo Miami, lots of great marketing technology totally cutting edge, 2 more days of great peeps
There's never a bad time to listen to The Church's "Under the Milky Way," but right about now is probably the best.
i hate only seeing my dad every 2 weeks:( i fuckin hate divorces!!!! my dad is my favorite person on the world! i miss him</3
wherever you like! Pick the spot and we will meet you
GK, great to see you today! Hope your WH meeting went well.
Favorite answer at Congressional Financial Industry Inquire Commission: "I don't know" or "I don't remember". Remember "The Godfather".
Road snax: pears, apples, carrots, peppers, radishes. How long til Grg I busts out the dried seaweed?
Top 10 Beauty with a Purpose!! Ecuador, Ghana, India, Indonesia, Kenya, Philippines, Scotland, South Africa, Spain, Zimbabwe.
What a pass from Seguin. That was phenomenal. Was to finish Marchand,
I have finally fixed my computer I feel so caught up to the world right now
I just don't have the time but I'm going to start naming.
Sports center tried to fly petrino's mistress first class to the studio for an interview but she turned em down because she only rides coach
Hopefully makes for good JOKES!
Much needed staff outing at bjs.
yeah check your inbox
Why can't my father get enough"Walker Texas Ranger" or "Matlock"?
i can be manipulated only so many times before even "i love you" starts to sound like a lie.
If you weren't cool enough to go to SXSWi but want to read about the panels check out - written by #txst grad students
how about turning it off once.
I wonder what MLK's dream would have been on #AlphaBrain! ...."black people,white people even purple aliens..."
. that's why we invited to our fest, because they're awesome!
“: Just like that, 6 in a row!!! RT : Stewart is stopped! Kings are 1st in the Pacific! 3rd in the Western Conference!”
Getting a little tired of reading that publishers do *nothing* to promote books. Tell that to my family next time I'm working late (again)
Thanks for the #FF ! Loves it!
Am I hard enough, am I rough enough, am I rich enough...I'm not to blind to see.........
As the heat index rises so drops my productivity :) Hope everyone is having a good start to their summer.
Casting directors love a THANK YOU if you book something, by note or in person.
Kindergartners in Artesia dressed up in hats and bandannas and gathered in a school gym to sing songs—about cowboys and cowgirls and cattle.
As long as MAYHEM finally shows up! I vote next Football season be Rugby!! Is that how it works? Just a vote?
Any thing on how to hide and not look all emo? lol
Pitbull is somehow very attractive<3
Would've been good. Or anything with Jeff Spicoli RT : , during the Slacker segment, can we get "You're a slacker, McFly!"?
2 papers and 3 finals to go. Rock.
thanks for the info on aolstalker.com... seems really interesting
Reading Karen Rown's piece about mentorship in the latest WCJ.
hey why am I not following Matt
Ok I will email you? I'm failing at making a coherent, concise (#meta since that's what I'm talking about) tweet-answer :)
30 April 1862: “I hear that hot water pipes are arranged so as to ...
#cantbuystyle INDEED! One-trick ponies!
Start spring cleaning without lifting a finger. Enjoy downtown while we clean your vehicle. Ask for our complimentary concierge service.
Tired of spending hours searching castings only to find small projects not worth your time? We do the research and list castings in the app!
never heard of it... But ill try it out!
Excited to be presenting this Sunday in Alexandria, VA at conference. Focusing on the power of honesty, humility,humor
Mutual fund seeks to regain its glory The nine-manager team that runs this blue-chip-oriented portfolio has never been afraid to go again
You've never seen my guys eat, have you? Watch any nature doc on the piranha/goat for some insight.
Doors open to the public in a little over 3 hours. Get ready to PLAY!
has to time and see how long it takes to run to bank and home...
probly one of the better purposefully missed free throws I have ever seen. Usually throw see line drives that give no chance
It's only up from here no downward spiral
So sleepy...stretching and yawning like my 4 yr old
College Hoop Scores everynight but with the void of bigtime stars cause of 1 and dones all we care about is the tourney
thanks for sharing. she is amazing.
I have a love/hate relationship with popcorn.
Good Morning! What a beautiful day! Too nice to stay inside! Wonderful time to go and listen to T. Gozney Thornton at Sealy Flats tonight!
damn lol mean ass
Had a wonderful evening last night with and women's group talking about and empowering eaters
Blackmon goes to the Jags. Where recievers go to die.
Hey tho ;-)=> “: Hi. I saw you on the news..of course I did that's your job...Hi tho ”
could this be true?????? If so do you all take coupons? How much a plate?
Think ur awesome
Thank you for listing!
Last night I was so cross faded. I was seeing shit.
About to jump in the shower and get ready to hit the club tonight!!!!
Molly Parker. Anytime, anywhere.
uh not exactly. To qualify for date night there are no diaper changes allowed. But just as good as
Why does FBI have to get to the bottom of TM's murder? They have 911 tapes of him crying for help armed only with candy and soda? Justice?
Another sunrise... Another day of being awesome.
You can come sit by me.
"It was said that David Murray was born a man, but he evolved to take the form of our hopes, fears, and dreams. On t-shirts."
just made 2 new beats
Thanks for thinking of me ! You're so sweet! I miss you too!
the first week of spring and we're going to be in the 30's all week, I love New England...
I'd love it- I will check out your website. My email is
can you please find three seconds out of your beautiful soul to do a #ArianasFollowFriday for me?? I would appreciate it a lot
After changing your twitter name....does it take awhile? cuz mine doesn't seem to be working yet.
loving this book
dude! I got dibs on the red snake thing and the green bendy guy.
Hope your night got better.
Mastering an American tribute CD for Tony Award-winning actress/singer Carol Channing today.
#chicago Haven't seen such nice #weather in over half-a-year.
Congratulations to UF history/African studies professor Luise White, who received a Guggenheim Fellowship for academic year 2012-13!
Now that I'm mature enough I say the truth to my family, friends, and teachers.
I could really use some Spicy chicken and sweet tea from Popeyes.
