Oh, SUCH a tough question! Probably Genie?
Hi , Thanks for the Follow and let's definitely speak about ; Very Interested :) | #SocialGood!
the guys behind me bought "skip the line" passes off a scalper for $5. That guys I sent over to u lied m said he had some. sry
I'm so missing out on Vegas. We must be connected becuz I'm playing with lipsticks. Have fun & hugs to all the ladies.Behave
we are always happy to help, gald you are still with and picked up the brand new Galaxy S 2!
you got it!
Thx Gary for shoutout/support of KikScore. Was actually just telling yesterday have not seen you in long time.
Are we ready to stop comparing #facebook and #twitter to drugs and alcohol? I think we understand!
in honor of the superbowl, we're playing pong w/ liquor in the cups tonight. any ideas for which booze to use?
In #21stME session
I bought a fish tank today. It's great finally being old enough to take care them. Animals are awesome
Children are not the solution, Pope!
Only 2 hrs left of class and I get to go home, eat dinner and sleep. I hate Tuesdays!
me too.. I think it might have been an OS update from the other day. It starts the game but then crashes.
disregard last tweet , it's a bit chilly - #gottago - I seen u with a coat
You are correct! Listened to it on NPR. Sad.
You only die once, that's the motto nigga..YODO
had a good day wiff elijahhh:)
Was gona retweet but I cant, thank you P.B.C
What I need is some good, happy, uplifting news
Will someone please shoot a puck directly towards Pierre McGuire's forehead?
wait...you participated in this entire discussion without pants?
knife bic pen and an apple. Let me know if u need details
Does it get any better than museum?
And then Bibby knocks that down!
Jessica is life style . life whole . Jessica is my everything and She is like me (:
has some big news. . . . we'll announce soon. . stay tuned!
as a matter of fact I'm eating an ultimate cheeseburger and tweeting at the same time
Got an interview tomrw! Fucking right great way to start off the weekend
a friend was going to get it for a birthday gift but it was sold out. I have been bitter and sad ever since.
Hoping this pain in my left shoulder will heal. Feels like my arm is gonna pop out!
All products are recycled to protect our world and environment!
...but aren't those three judges from Dancing With The Stars supposed to be like, the smartest people in America?
An ace gate fevers the ideological violence.
Let Apple train the docents on iPads
RT : Happy World Fair Trade Day! Got any pictures of #FairTrade Certified products you'll be enjoying today? We'd love to...
I started on the knowledge check shit but got like two Mo pages left hit my line I can shoot u Da answers or Jus findem on ytb
Where did the last week or so go?
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a mosquito.
okay..goin back on my other account,... :(
On the bright side, the weather is oddly beautiful today...
you tweeted that we unfollowed you. just being nice and reaching out wondering if you will be ok since we don't follow u anymore
Happy Veterans Day to all those who have honored our country. We woof you.
he disappeared at the end of 5th grade
same .. :) watta boring day! Hays
Jordan Knight from The New Kids on The Block.
PLEASE go to CLHS conditioning tomorrow. It'd make my day
sorry Blake - disagree this time
the video to Gucci This is amazing .! im so proud of you guys ..im a hugee fun and you all havee came a long way ! : )
Who knows— there were a lot of surprises tonight. Maybe there will be surprises in November.
i actually have not got that one, ever. haa. c: nah. you're fine.
What sort of designs were you looking for?
Love, Live, Life
Librarian portfolio? Yes, thanks! I will!
Everyday I'm Hustling
You belong wherever you are! Stay strong!
RT: HipHopEd 4 memorization purposes & 2 gain interest, use that rhythm & create sum lyrics based on the concepts & numbers.
WE WANT THE CUP. WE WANT THE CUP. WE WANT THE CUP.
Large parts Dane & MKE out tho RT 57% wards reporting, Walker w/ 27,654-vote lead over all Dem candidates combined.
Robots in disguise are way cooler than Moriarty.
Good seeing you at TC. Looking forward to hanging out more at #NYCMER2012. Thanks for the good luck wishes!
HUMP DAY!! $4 Italian Margaritas tonight! Plus Geeks who Drink! Come in and test your skills!!
Man I went to the welfare office today with my homegirl, and maaannnn, hhhhhoooooeeee train!!!!
Please, help us bring smiles to children in Haiti that are in desperate need today. Go to www.fosterbuddies.com
w/ GU's ARC & DiversAbility we are hosting 2 sessions addressing employment resources & rights for students with disabilities! 3/19 & 3/22
Today is the day, the last game of our football season. HU @ Delaware State 1pm
Well we are talking about development and how airports can be, adapt or change, right? That's what I'm talking about.
omg forreal tho,I'm so mad.He's so close,and hes legit my favorite person on planet earth.I hate my liiiiiffffe.
dont u hate it when the people u love make u wanna poor gasoline on ur self and light a match????
Thanks for #FF Best of luck to all #Lammy2012 contenders!
Whats the point of getting my hopes up if you crush them every time.
This nigga singin next to me.
Had a great dinner last night with ! #Sushi and #wine !
what is your position?
Oh the push pull that makes theworld go round. LEts try.
Time to watch Inside the NBA for the first time in a week!
Heard the good news! Congrats!
I only entered the witness protection program for the free plastic surgery.
Slogging through horizontal and vertical lines in linear geometry. A lot of simple code - must be a more elegant way.
thanks love!
WE BUY GOLD! PAY MOST ! WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99! WE SIZE WATCHES , REPAIRS!great deals all week $ START NEW YEAR SAVING!
ha twitter is a tattle tell ... I only played for like 5 min. I suck but still better than 44% :P
ha! Yes. We can see it from our house!
I'm the long-haired hermit who doesn't make eye contact for fear he'll be asked who he writes for and the sham will be exposed
#Lunchtime! Craving Mexican? We've got your fix! Stop by for some Chilo
Great news!!! Job just called back I work tomorrow 10-6 .. Let's do it !!!
Did I just see at target? I think so
totally wish hizzi ya nawaem was still on and was shown over here. ugh. anyways, drive safe tomorrow!
Aw, its true. We Defend Gaga <3
headed to the march of babies. come join us its for a great cause, and who doesn't want to see babies march?
of course x
If you have $200 in groceries and you don't let the guy with one item go ahead of you in line, you're a bad person.
your voice is fucking amazing, can't stop listening to Last Day xD :)
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
I called you back!
#Shoutout to all the followers, may you all have a blessed day and week!
thank you, your dance team was pretty good too :)
It's not even 12 yet & I want some booze. Preferably a margarita please.
President Washington would be so disappointed if he knew I was throwing his face on weak bitches with battered shapes
My most recent blog shows the shearing :)
I have to excavate my desk before I can make more progress today. But I think I'm going to need Heinrich Schliemann to come help.
your new\old avi looks like you have a coonskin cap on in the thumbnail :) no nice way to say it.
Chris Paul the new member of the L.A. Clippers
who won't be there?
Exclusive: Family Demands Truth in Air Force Pilot&#39;s Death
Scott: "We are going to have to be ready for whoever that team is coming out of that game (Troy vs ULL). They differ from other SBC teams."
I CAN'T WAIT TO HEAR #SaySomethin AGAIN IT WAS #BESTSONGIHAVEEVERHEARD :)
I still can't get over how good The Avengers was. I think I'm gonna go see it again soon. Fucking GREAT movie!
Is everything becoming racialized? As a black man I see Injustice and horror here does race need to be here too?
Safe to say Manning Madness will be reduced to 49ers and Titans?
Ill always like you for being an Ann Romney fan.
it's not over yet Tater-tot. The oven cld heat up and u still might get burnt! Be on watch.
they had a show on Centric with Keith Sweat. I didn't watch it. My guess is it didnt go well. Haven't heard ne music frm thm.
If you were Arnold's Bar and Grill last night, what's your experience with the band?
. These days you really can publish online as an indie author. If yr book is amazing but has niche appeal rather than mass.
Kinda interesting. Vancouver's soccer team lost 3-1 tonight to Kansas City.
sorry that was supposed to read "Activity Tracking" built in
I hope you're right dude... I'd love to see it happen and I think if they got in they could pull an upset or two
"choice" is the wrong paradigm for talking about caregiving vs. paid work if the choice is 2 be economically dependent on a partner
Hmm. Maybe a spontaneous ticker-tape "parade". I'd go for that.
You're lookin so good in what's left of those blue jeans
Aria is so plush. Maybe my favorite poker room anywhere. Well run, nice design, comfy chairs, low rake. Going today for the third day str8.
Dam it got all them cry babies in their feelings lol
never got around to reading that book
it realllyyy is:/
Ok, Let's show these DC chumps whats up!
Starting now. Ill be done at 730
Writer of 'Higher Ground' brings real struggles to screen - Champaign/Urbana News-Gazette
That's great, I'm really glad to hear that! The site looks good. Thank you so much for supporting us! Keep in touch.
I don't doubt you aren't alone. The world is full of critics.
Anytime! Thanks for the El Diablo Margaritas!
I should make another app, somewhere between OPEN MIC LIST, and Grindr
Man I've never had so much fun waiting on a movie to start! These people are crazy! #serioustwilighters!
is so excited to be getting toast
so since ur a wrestling fan who do think sent that message
Just out hot sauce in my chicken noodle soup... Feelin iy
Filming in the morning... LAST BREATH putting #bootstoasses layin the smackdown on jabronis
Y'all the bartenders at The Parlor Market in Jackson can make a hell of a fine cocktail.
Fearsome Five Taking Over For 2011 The Year Of Fear!!!
Ordering in pizza tonight? Did you know that Americans eat the equivalent of 100 football fields of pizza a day. That's about: a. 150...
#woftreats. Good advice
Works for me! I'm putting you down on my calendar now :) and just for blocking out the day, when do you need to take off?
Heading over to Krispy Kreme for the weekend? Don't forget to check in on or !
I am proud to support for #az09!
173 followers away from putting up a clip from our brand new song :D <3 you all for the amazing support
#FF for the best in Music Travel, Festivals, Culture and other things that good people should know about.
Thank you and you are welcome
The soccer boys did great tonight!
what it do
either im getting sick or my allergies fucking suckk.
Really? Noone going up to Thomas? Smh. What has this world come to
Aghh i wanna jump off the pier again. So much is running through my mind right now
Thanks for sharing the link.
Not sure how I signed up 4 california living social deals but every time I get them it makes me hate my life so much cooler stuff 2 do there
what is this?! Golden oreos?????
My German class is full of idiots. Makes me cringe during presentation time
this team is working there bottoms off to show us fall 2012 can't wait!
burger king salad<3
Zucker, Didier, Bennett and Knowlton participating in pre-game skate. Phillips not on the ice. All are still game-time decisions.
is that really something to brag about tho..
I fly, you fly, we fly together. I shine, you shine, we shine together.
When you're the reason he smiles>>>>> 💚
: omg, like, waaaayyy
Studying for these exams has been to boring lol. I didn't realize how dry my classes have been until now. Womp womp. Lol
Spent time waiting in line outside speaking to a delightful couple. Really helped pass the time
'One more step upstage when you're masturbating'. Rehearsal quote of the day.
3 months later, I'M BACK! Move to NY? Yup. Audition more in Baltimore now that I'm not there? Yup. Maybe I'll actually keep up with this now
My group would scheldule a meeting 15 minutes after iu tipoff... Im gonna go ahead a wrap this thing up in a hurry
You dont know me , and this is crazy, but heres my twitter, follow me mabey
Have you played the Valley 9 at Deer Valley yet?
“: I'm kind of excited to move (:” NO.
I wanna go home. :(
Ohio U. #HeyClark! RT : Clark Kellogg's son can shoot the rock! Just banged in another 3, stretches Ohio's lead to 35-22.
Happy 175th birthday, #Chicago. You don't look a day over 165.
ain't even think about a nigga doe
Buy her favorite son a big Lobster... it's a win win : )
Saving those text messages that make you smile:)
The self is not something that one finds it is something that one creates.
On the kiddie train with at celebration station
On draft: funky jewbelation, 471- Whiskey Barrow Aged, & Karma ale! Drink Well, Drink
you're welcome
UT Dallas chapter of American Advertising Federation will meet tonight from 6 - 7 pm in SOM 1.217.
Cc: RT : #LumiaApp tip: Traveling to another country? Use Bing Vision to translate menu text
You get NOTHING for nothing.
Another beautiful night at Firefly...open til 11!
FINALLY GOT MY INTERNET BACK! YES..
I no longer question the journey. I'm just going to be thankfull
it's SO FLUFFY!
IM PREGNANT AGAIN!!!!!!
Happy birthday, !
but on a night like tommrrow i wouldnt fuck wit me
its called the wake up call
RT : " I keep myself it'll be fine, you can't make everyone happy all of the time." #ProvidenceShow Can't WAIT!
Lol me too
Hm not fat squirrel. Not much flavor. Maybe the taste has gone with outdoor aging?
Sometime in September, no exact date set yet.
Dvr is set ! RT : Appearing on The Dr. Oz Show today share 4 of my top cancer fighting supplements for 2012
don't tell berlusconi
I have been dreaming for almost one third of my life
whens your graduation?
Enjoy the game! PS- are you here President's Day weekend?
Jodeci's "Love You For Life" reminds me of late nights with Whisper, Recall, n'em...
hope you feel better!
You are a fan! YOU ARE THE COOL ONE!
Full day without Twitter & I feel completely removed. What did I miss? Despite in-person meetings all day I feel digitally disconnected!
"The same was you hate Russell, you hate Colton." no. I hate Colton and love Russell.
are they trying to spell something out? RT : i just don't understand why these cats wanna take their shirts off on tv.
Many administrators and legislators love the numbers game. I call it #numberworship and think they can be a placebo
#Paws Your Hands Up Me #We Can Be Strongs (RoadToLove) #Holy Fool #Work It Black Jesus
Just Zumba'd my butt off! I think if Katniss can survive the arena twice then I can lose this weight! Yep I'm a nerd!
We are ready for more restaurants! Are you in the Milwaukee area? Would you like more information? Email Carrie @ WeHaveYourFood dot com
Crest Cleaners offers green-friendly cleaning agents, 24-hour drop-off service, same-day dry cleaning, and convenient home delivery.
It was funny today when I was at Walmart and I guess saw you on a Jackson Hewitt ad. It was you, wasn't it?
don't be sad, they secretly hate eachother.
webvideo reach for the total U.S. population: Google Display Network at 46.7%, Tremor Media at 46.3% and BrightRoll Video Network at 37.3%.
I still think u and Amber should do one for old time sake
#WhyAreYou Not living at 9920? Check us out www.9920az.com
Exploring the Turf exhibit. What a great display of Indy artistic talent!
One more sunset, baby I'd be satisfied.
Casually watching dexter
Buddhist wedding in the Castro. My best man was black (not that it matters)
I think that, with a twelve man staff, it shouldn't matter.
I love this city but people need to start supporting those who are sacrificing to give others opportunities
If Tampa scores please let it be 2 runs. I have the Under and Tampa, and would settle for the split.
Chris Brown came at Rihanna on that Theraflu freestyle. No doubt about it. He needs to never get on Kanye's beats again, though.
It's good to know that people I honestly don't know, care. It's nice.
My Google suggest no longer shows the statistics. Does anyone know how I can get this back.
"If you can be told what you can see or read, then it follows you can be told what to say or think."
I am guilty And of that I confess I have been thinking of another girl in obsess I am sorry if it causes distress But I never loved you
ugh Laura, usually it's just at night before I go to sleep. suggested jack & coke to wash it down next time!
Want to start making dairy-free ice cream at home. Any favorite recipes or tools out there?
I wasnt disappointed but I wasnt ready either.
Great chills today. We didn't get shit done but we had fun just doing nothing.
Excited For New Jonas Album 39
Stay out of Hollywood tomorrow. Gonna be jammed because Obama is going to be around there doing events..
You can not buy beer; you can only rent it. ("Archie Bunker")
Mrs. Chase would've been peeved if Angela had done LSD!
RELEASES TODAY, PARTY PEOPLE!! GO WATCH , , Christian Serratos AND MY WHITE ASS AT YOUR AMC AND iTUNES!
hey since i signed it can i get a shoutout plz? :)
whenever something renders weird, I switch browsers, works about half the time. It may be on Google's end tho
Mcbob is terrible when points matter
Pretty sure that if there's a sequel to the 'This Ain't Scary Movie X' porn the universe will implode.
"Where am I now? I don't know how I wound up in this place again."
"I recommend this book. 4 out of 5 stars (-1 star for the indoctrinating tone)." -review of People's History of the United States on Amazon
I like girls that wear Abercrombie & Fitch I'd take you if I had one wish 🎶🎶🎶🎶
packer fan followers needed lmao
Great blog, just found it tonight. You've got great passion and a wonderful long line of successes!
I hate it when your friend flirts with the person you like and they flirt back </3
Drunken nights, sober endings
it is in the kitchen now!
am i creative
stupid weather! urghhhh!
Congrats on the partnership w/ Get Schooled for your doc. Extremely important & timely issue that needs exposure.
So happy for my friends and they will be great first time parents. So happy for you both.
Lobo Nation stand strong. We've played only 1 game of football & it was against #11 Oregon take a deep breath. And our next game is @ home.
I can't stop yawning today, and I even had coffee this AM too
Great pic, nothing like the beach life!
I'm hungry I want some honey gold wings
It's driving me out of my mind! That's why it's hard for me to find... ;-)
4th period.. Ruins my day.
Glad the Baseball Tonight doubting Thomases are about done stripping down the #Marlins. Let's play ball!
feelin like having a dance party with me,myself,and i
Whoever created those little hoodrats on the news from the Northland carnival...you should have used protection.
do your best
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay." ~ Simone de Beauvoir
and his verse on 'Throw Some D's Remix' is filthy lol
OpenGrounds &quot;a place to find open ground and open sky&quot; -Rita Dove
I wonder what is #wearing for H's big night!
Tea time.
Still thinking of you but you dont even notice me:(
When people correct my sentences<<<
Hey hoe I'm going to dolores park later today with some friends, you should come.
that looks so yummy. Did you end up trying any?
both of us have big duffel bags and you take my seat? stupid bitch.
Resting up for a big night!
Sarah Brown bringin tonigh at The Listening Room- Nashville, TN
Hurtful. Even with the clarification. Still a bit of a bite...
Happy Trans Thursday!
Thanks for the follow. I love the dinosaurs puking rainbows background. Ha, and all the tweets of course. :)
idk y i feel like this
You're Welcome and you both are lucky to have each other. :)
We are so excited to be playing this Saturday at Arlenes Grocery in NYC. Hope you can make it too! .. <3 bri
"I can't give u a formula for success, but I can give u one for failure: try to please everybody all the time"
is glad that her pants finally arrived, even if they only sorta fit.
Gotcha grandma on my dick lmaoooo ha ha
we stranders to eachother nd that is so sad you use to be my dawg !
Excited to talk about arts administration
Raul & G made reservations for brunch in the keys. Wonderful Mother's Day weekend! Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow Hot Mama's!
I guess they really were "Hard To Find"
We at Gateway if you're not here you're
Ferrandino acknowledges "other battles to come" in effort to put #civilunions on Guv's desk.
Post Industrial Society 1969 "analysis will not focus on inner workings of social system but on formation of historical activity"
I am so glad I started following so I can read this conversation
Thanks for the #birthday wish !
Thank you for getting up with Walter this morning. I feel like a whole new woman! Off to work...
Signed up for delivery on Monday. No paper yet, They say "tomorrow for sure!" three days in a row. One more chance, then I cancel.
YOUR WELCOME LOVE MUFFIN.
Dear Heart, Please stop getting involved in everything. Your job is to pump blood, that's it.
Heading to the grocery store and the home to make dinner, early bedtime tonight. Gotta get up at the crack of dawn to get my man to his race
With About to watch Asssscat!
I tried!!
The are hosting Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz at 8pm in the Riggs Library. Stop by if you can!
Love is patient and kind. Love is not jealous or boastful or proud. 1 Corinthians 13:4
GAMETIME! Starting 5 for the Jam: J.Wise, D. Byars, R. Major, A. Koch, B. Butch
i believe the idea was to use the accounts to drive traffic to some website they were developing
that's a loaded question. What color socks? What kind of socks? What brand? How long have they been there? Do I miss them dearly?
Way to go #cardinals the lou is proud of u! #worldchamps n style n class. Great 7 games!
Looks like Tiger might be slippling again...
I think spicy foods help get rid of your cold! Right? 
Early morning tomorrow at the MainStreet Association Marketing breakfast! Hope to see you there!
you read it?! I was going to give it to you this weekend. Figures... See you soon!
I heart you guys! Posting photos of some of my fave finds soon.
Martin unified the penguins as the moon does with water. Without Martin its chaos! Reinstate ASAP
#questionformycrush: why are you with her? What does she have that I don't?
Thanks to you & everyone for the very kind mentions! Danko
AFPW $$$$$ Still Buzzing on a Sunday~Tuesday she will explode AFPW $$$$$
Rest day today but picked up some new running shoes 4 summer...run and train Friday to burn off german choc cake!
Francois de La Rochefoucauld~ A true friend is the greatest of all blessings and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
'My names Dumbledick. How may I be of service? c;'
Thank you to all! RT : thanks for hosting!
": you going out" yea aye DM me your number..
Checked out & www.texasfilimscene.com A great tool for indie film makers! Hope they stay around longer than gindie did!
I don't know what level the Patriots are in Skyrim, but if they're below level 30 killing Giants can be pretty difficult
is there any possible way I could get a autograph? I have a Steelers tat and u r my fav player
Having awesome time at hawks game. Let's go Hawks!
Congrats to Chris.O.sauR, Diana, and Pimpsc00by for winning the Free Goodie Friday at SpankyStokes. I hope you like your goodies. :)
I sorta forgot that the original judges on America's Got Talent were Hasselhoff, Brandy, and Piers Morgan.
Stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread, & sm drink sound delicious! Guess what? It's our dinner special tonight; just $7+tax!
Attending a webinar, along with a few colleagues, about CampusEAI Consortium's myCampus Portal Grant Briefing Showcase Featuring Arkansas S…
Painful watching others get even worse customer service than me in the service department
There will be time to repent in the bullpen. I brought my Bible to lead us all in prayer.
Done & done.
I love you my swami! Xoxo
For once, I want to talk to you again, just like the old times.
LOL!! Figured he was rockin two phones... Was thinking one might be an international phone.
See what happens when you go inside?
started reading SERAPHINA and it's good so far.
Meetings + Banging our heads together + energy drinks = Byahhhhhhhhhh Creative
<== On a road trip with my Baby!!! Tampa Florida here we come!!! #LGBT ♥
I love 2012 already.
Quite so.
it begins
My nephew made it through surgery and is coming home. Thankyou God!!!!
I must be a celebrity to you lol..aww how cute
Heading out to dinner with tweet you later...
Growing up in Christ is surely the most difficult, courageous, exhilarating, and eternally important work any of us will ever do~BAMM.
do u no have an msn>
Okay, maybe in that case I'll make an exception. But otherwise, save it for Facebook.
The moment you wish your whole life was an amazing love story just like the movies.
You! xo
Mo money mo problems that's why every check I get I'm buyin mo choppas
Last #Computer Repair in #Pittsburgh: IPOD Touch 3rd Generation Screen change..
This bitch has the ugliest laugh
ME too
After resting through a 100 million years we have eventually opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, bountiful with life.
Aye do you know Rick Riley? He told me he helped you start modeling back in 05'-06'.
possibly! thanks for the suggestion :)
But not more than DeLay, Armey, Bush, Pelosi, or Reid who have all let immigration reform fail out of electoral interest.
Hi there! Do you have a website we can check out?
..sorry for the fuckin' spam. <33
Super CoolThis is what happens when you unsubscribe from Groupon!
My arm is like tingling.....weird
Key learnings from my first day at : 1. Gotta get better at command-line. 2. Gotta get better at being a spy in Resistance.
If would get off Facebook we could go on a date. Geez.
that is messed up but LMAO
#WomensHealth: Workout before work. It’s easier w/a hectic schedule & you will only have to shower once (saving 72gals of water each year).
She said she can feel the love <3
Howdy! That sounds fun. Where?
thanks for the plug, Roberto! Hope all is well down there
RT : All of Israel just had a moment of silence in memory of all the fallen soldiers. Please take a moment for a......
not for six months
across the universe <3
beautiful day for it!
Couldn't be happier for you!
hoping we can land him here
This conversation right now in the car <<<<<<<
so there it is #13thingsilove theres more but 13 is all the tt is ;)
hey Thao, I want some new/unreleased music. Think you could hook me up?
: Lol im killing this subway..
Question of the day!! How much of the #NBAPlayoffs am I watching this year. Answer in a %.
Learning shouldn't just be about the what, but also the why and how.
AGAINST ALL ODDS
A good book has no ending. ~R.D. Cumming
Dinner with all the Seeds in Austin TX looking forward to great angel investing panels tomorrow
damn so we just getting it cracking all day lol
Bun B's verse in Big Pimpin in classic.
Yo Ellis when are you coming to Chicago?
hahaha What channel is this on? RT A3 #TNI "You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll hurl" hang o a sec.....
Las Vegas get your HOA off your back. 2 car driveways cleaned just $95 vegaspressurewashing.com
So, my best friend's wife's college room mate just won Survivor!! Crazy
Me too. It's such a scary and tragic situation. Prayers for you as well!
Makes our heart skip a beat, he's a #gentleman, a #scholar, and a talented #cinematographer. Thank you for your help!
So one day your like I feel like speaking English today and then the next your like I wanna speak french today. Lol
my life
great game so far. congrats on the foul ball. #watchingfrommywindowlessroom #lifeontheassignmentdesk miss you all
i fucking love you night best friend<333
I love working ! Especially when my coworker brings in homemade egg salad and makes me a sandwich just because it's Thursday! Score!
Very sad to hear about #SteveJob resigning!
Just had to complete a finger scan to enter the #MagicKingdom. What kind of kingdom is this?
yes!!! lol its catchy :)
I'm heading out to some museums but will be at Scott and Kris' - you going?
I like to sleep naked, why can't the flight attendant understand that?...
I know im big but at least it goes with my Swag!!!!
i love when band guys text me from 's phone haha
Thanks for the msg, Jennie. How'd you access the link? We'll get it corrected asap.
awww I hate getting sick!:(feel better Louis<3luv ya!
What's drug my dealer.
is my new workout buddy. Ha! Almost fell off the treadmill while typing.
First day of class! :-) Looking forward to meeting a whole new crop of students and wondering what they'll teach me this semester.
At home with with my beautiful wife. Whisky before bed or not ??? Hm!!
New IPad is enroute, currently in TA YUAN HSIANG TW. Actually feel a little guilty since they are not produced in the US.
OUR HERO FTW!
Walk @ Headlands today: landscape & the Romantic poets. Improvised song by Blake in a tunnel. Leader sd. was fave part of day, group loved.
oh yeah man!! Oh yeah!
Ryan Tannehill back w Mike Sherman
acts of librarian rebellion: shoes off at the reference desk. it's friday afternoon.
Zynga now stinks. No fun to play their games now. I miss the good old days.
Good morning, everyone & TGIF!
get it girl!
Put up some new pics of myself. Hope you like :D
The Indiana-Kentucky talk has me wondering what non-con team #Badgers fans would love to see in a yearly series. Already have Marquette
This town is so boring. :(
I have so much wisdom. I must share it with those in need.
Placing at the top of searches provide no value unless the keywords you rank high for are being searched by your customers.
rufiooooo.rufioooo. ticktockticktock hooks afraid of a big bad clock!
Twitter by phone is so much better !!.. I can always be in the know xo
who the fuck is this bitch?
reverbnation its a music site with all of my music
Home is where the vodka is.
And yeah. With Simpsons, it's kind of hard to NOT become a series that is solely about the episode. 20+ seasons?
press quote: "Google remains firmly committed to Android as an open platform." Reality: Google/Mot devices will be first in line.
Enjoy! MT : Finally bought 1st issue of 's long-form literary/journalism @ Pas LitFest. Can't wait to read it!
To get through the traffic barricade to the Strip in time for !
Sign Up for Spinning at 11:00am Today for the Hottest GROUP SPINNING IN CLEVELAND class start's at 12:15pm. Then finish up with...
ah, hey chrissy :) how are ya?
Has anyone ever told you that your Cosby sounds like Kissinger after a stroke?
I had on normal size ones. Lol
Thanks, I was going to ask, but hadn't gotten to it yet. :-)
Yikes, what do you plan on doing here?RT “: Without the death-penalty, US would be a nicer country to travel in”
what's for lunch Mary?
um so i totally cannot find that tweet #sweetbaby!
I'm definitely thinking about it.
dont worry i'll talk to u when im done i said
balls. i just saw this....not even gonna make up something. forgot. i have an idea. why don't we aim 4 coffee every other wk?
Thanks for the follow, Mark! Catch our live show We have 2 brand new songs. we!
Oh, it's so annoying when I don't forward chain messages and I die the next day.
most indubitably
Cool. I almost hope it doesn't live up to your hype, though. I'd be sad at the end of it :(
Yesterday was Fight Procrastination Day, but we waited until today to start. Got distracted watching cases of MGD 64 on the brewery lines.
gettin set 4 some crazy ass partyin in tally for game, Go Noles
Book your holiday party between now and August 1st to get the Christmas in July Special 2010 pricing.
Hey Arnold! :)
guess UW scout team jus couldn't simulate 'Cuse athleticism, or they neglected to watch film. So much for defense
Dang woke up today and I could almost feel the positive energy :) the universe is good ;D
hey! Where are you? I'm back left :-)
Thanks Mike, just left a vm for you @ the office. Hope to connect on soon.
Why do you call them Ni**as/Ni**ers?
too bad you're in school. You might get sick today. Venture to western OK...and pick me up on your way!
RT this if ur CATS will beat the cards and bring home
my bad u can follow me back with your sexy self
#YOLO is retarded. It should be #YOLUYRN : You Only Live Until You Reach Nirvana
Do you work Thursday?
Gotta read up on some of this book for Ross class.
I give you Internet hug ok? Ok! ~hug--
Oh chicken wings what a wonderful thing
I am so honored! (and have already eaten two of them!) So glad to meet.
"Just because we use cheats doesn't mean we're not smart."
Rosen's claim that Romney doesn't understand economic issue women face is true for a reason she didn't mean. Stay-at-home moms understand >
How was Sunday for everyone? Relaxing and filled with friends and family?
I love this. It's going to fb. Lol! Thank you for the post:)
Happy Easter!
how is it me .... I just spoke to yu
Club One is having a reunion...... You will see us there!
Guy I ended it with sent me an article "7 mistakes women make w men" so I did what any mature adult would do and Rick Rolled him.
I like 2 put on Hulu when I drink wine. Pretend , r drinkn w/ me
www.youtube.com/st0fam <--- Stay Tuned
Google Buzz's displayed Top Stories "How Facebook Breeds Jealousy"....#Buzz not-so-subtle campaign war?
hip hip hooray!
"CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg single JUICED UP FREE!!! on youtube Thanks... Juelz
was there a new #GCB this past Sunday?
Some songs just sound better at 2 am...
has highest approval rating of anyone in this state, lets ask him: Do you think athletes should b allowed to transfer freely
RT : It sucks when you pick the wrong session at #2011icf Better session descriptions are needed, especially for the 4 hour...
thanx nice 2 know tripled since Labor day when they come Miami FL Czech Republic SDC International
Yup! Didn't know you were roomies! I def got owned today by on the pull up bar & plank at Just ask him!
keep doin work !
My nigga said stay in yo bubble
My mum said to me when I had my music loud cause I couldn't hear it "I'm gonna be pissed if I have to buy you hearing aids turn it down" wow
Beautiful day in L.A. Enjoy the weather!
1Co 13:13 And now faith, hope, charity, these three remain; but the greatest of these is charity.
that is a very very smart idea.
I feel so alone/:
Not to mention the absolute restriction of many books.
Feelings that cannot be denied! :-)
Thas a fade RT : Going for a FADE every 1 Closes tomorrow ????
Remind me next year to schedule working from bed on my birthday...especially if it's going to be cold and rainy.
that's exactly what I wanted to know.
The thaw begins #WAslush in Seattle. Flooding possible if past patterns hold true.
#ChuckieCheese for your #Birthday? You might think twice about the kid pizza palace after hearing THIS NEXT
lee...how about we get lunch/coffee/drink one day soon? shoot me an e-mail at scottporad at gmail.
and yet another episode in the series of 12 hour illnesses that is my life.
Bookshelves... Are heavy.
Going bring my puppy izzy wizzy to get her shots today..hope she does good...
When should I start achieving excellence in my life? Do it now.
'Rabbit hutch' home plan rejected - Daily Echo
very true and a lot will be on NBC scheduling since they'll be replaying on TV nxt day & access 2 digital content
Hey tell to pass my name over to I'd like to audition for Mr. Perry one day
can alex sing!?
Poop Chutes & Ladders
Man problems and trust issues.
RT : I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done.*
who wants 2 hear me rap...if u do wait in about 10min
#IfAliensAttack ill hide under my bed,,,in the pheatle position.
Just had the best food in Ft. Lauderdale an all vegan restaurant. If you go leave room for the coconut cake, enough to share.
lol ok why do you delete your Facebook?
Remarks by the Postal Service Board of Governors Chairman and Postmaster General - MarketWatch (press release)
I'm sending rain your way ;)
nope but I don't use it very often
Your welcome Laura :D
MOVIE THURSDAY, starts at DUSK.: Steel Magnolias... Giddy Up!
If you'd told me last week that people would soon be boycotting Susan G. #Komen for the Cure, I would have thought you were delusional.
Lets talk about the word regimen. I really hate that word.
Thanks for the RT today! Have a great evening!
I care! That's awesome! I just saw my uncle perfom ther on sat. Have a great show!!
O good idea. Lol. : A picture of the outfit please!!
New topic - Now that DPR confirmed that E-M5 is a killer camera...
If I didn't make the sensor melt can I get a copy of the best mug shot of me? I keep looking for a new profile pic.
Enjoyed his Ocean Beach stroll - finally t-shirt weather again despite the ginormous waves!
#3WordsOfAdvice Just Be Yourself.
See All Yall in nashville at studio this next week
DP10 is getting backlash b/c they are directly calling out women, tongue-in-cheek or not, still pisses off the feministas.
I wonder if people even bother reading your tweets or just fire away dumb questions that you have answered 100 times already
With the highest quality equipment and the most certified technicians, Car Crafters can take care of all your car maintenance needs.
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
One of my kids finally noticed that I don't appear in too many family photos. Dad with camera is like the Keyser Söze of family members.
thank you! Did you see Rough Road to Glory w/ John Atz?
RT : I'm not saying she's a slut, I'm just surprised that Facebook has not made her vagina a place to "check in" yet.
-I hope Pres Obama doesn't make Boehner cry. I hate when that happens
It’s such a warm fall day! Try one of our cool shrimp cocktails with dinner!
Ah I need to feel better by Friday.
hahah yes! Only smart people dream about you.
At the Celtics game making good use of the season tickets. Our team still looks weird
"It's difficult when every person place and thing is keeping me from her."
their lives are a near miss.
Now, prepping the apt. for Looking forward to seeing a friend.
congrats and welcome to the 13x world champion green bay packers!
#NotGonnaLie these chocolate, blueberry pancakes are amazing! With a side of vodka & lemonade #fatty #
Feeling kinda useless.
What does it mean when the IRS accepts ur return but when u go to where's my refund a week later, they give u a # to call w/an ext??? YIKES
So far, loving the new Seesmic Desktop. Can't wait for more upgrades. Like, where is my FriendFeed account?
Promoters needed for the upcoming shows! Tweet/Direct Message/Facebook/Inbox if interested
It gets better. RT 6 minutes in. Thats the point I fell in love with Generation Kill. The mini monologue.
Watching my kids flourish in their education, and seeing their self esteem grow is all I need to see that B&M public school have it wrong.
howdy do!
I actually think someone mentioned Whoopi was wearing on the View, but don't watch it. lol
#GreatTwitterPage. You are representing #iamUWM. #Thanks!
I wonder if Evelyn's brand of aggressiveness is any less sinister, though?
Just added a loss to the jd fighting record...disappointed in myself : ( but hey you lose some you win some
Spending time with my mom tomorrow and surprising her when she gets home from work by taking her somewhere and going to Walmart!! =D
is the truth from behind the arc. This will be quite interesting to see her vs. Shurna
#eventplanners refer your event #promoproduct and #swag ordes to us and earn referral fees. Contact for more details!
What is H&M?
Heaven is such that all who have lived well, of whatever religion, have a place there.
we should sing that song for choir
That moment when you bend your knee after sitting for a while and feel like an old woman.
I'm so happy
...it shows off his curves lmao
sounds divine!
you know what, that's bullshit. No one is forced to do shit, it's what U all choose to do @ ESPN is speculate every fucking thing
the National Mall of course :)
Yay! Can't wait to see. :)
Excited to play with and at this Thursday! Going to be an insane dance party!
I agree. I think Leonard from SDSU will be a nice pro.
RT AND POST ON MY FB PAGE AS WELL AS GIVE IT TO MANY THAT MAYBE INTERESTED..THANK YOU FOR LETTING ME KNOW
Madison's is into Lupe Fiasco
Sorry to sound stupid... But what is up with the watermelon thing today?
Ramirez opens the doors for his old mates....
OH: Isn't Glen Campbell dead? No. Oh, what about John Denver?
Hi everyone! I hope you are reading this important tweet! Optimum TV's will allow you to watch Samantha's life! My show! Im her! Watch plz!
Interesting views :)
I'm going to be without Wi-Fi for about 7 days. Will be very odd.
I can be you're sponser? ;D
My lil cuz sliding in for da weekend who else coming through. S/o to for keeping lil larry in sports to
yeah... "sleeping" is not an errand... ;0)
I'm just done with everything. I feel so stupid! #ImAnIdiot!
RT : "I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." - Bill Cosby
Thanks for the tasty eats cold bevs and hangover this morning. #awesome party
you and your partner wouldnt stand a chance against me and my partner...Yasmin Ortiz
At JRs Dallas TX
Bitch is making me do one of those eye sight tests. I CANT OPEN MY LEFT EYE.
You're first on the invite list for next time. Enjoy your day off!
I'm in a delicate state right now. My emotions are running wild. So, sorry.
Watching some of Paris-Roubaix. Hearing and makes me so excited for July!! Love.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
YIKES! We also need a photographer to shoot our show Friday night. Small fee and free seat are yours! email asap
"Submit yourselves for the Lord’s sake to every human authority: whether to the emperor, as the supreme authority" -1 Peter 2:13
RT : Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain.
Fuck you pay me
Definite yes to meetings in Hawaii. choose waves over windowless hotel rooms. Still open: defining and assessing impact. Wrong question?
I don't WANT to move one. I want to BUILD my OWN.
thanks Edie!! you guys at Y-ME rock and keep up all the GOOD you do!!!!! :)
Nice! I am praying for good weather this year (last year was SO cold)
Last nite we saw a young man w/a FULLY EXPOSED GUN hanging off his jeans in a holster @ a Muncie Walmart. Staff did NOTHING!
About to be at Piedmont Park w Somebuddy come hang!
Agree! RT To me, Justin Bieber's video Boyfriend looks good and great.
What are you grateful for this weekend?
No, like Cole called out and isn't coming.
concur. and btw -- you're a sophisticated Draw Something draw-er
#secretturnon some1 i can smoke wit during sex
If you "like" Hopes High on facebook you will get a free download of our song Move Stop Wait!!! DO IT!!! www.hopeshigh.com
I see a #Forbes cover in my future.
Thank you! Enjoy, Dubai! RT : Just discovered on Spotify. Never heard of y'all before, but you're awesome.
I hate how chocolate immediately melts on my fingers. I mean... am I that HOT?
damn, that should have read Fremont St.
my mom is getting so caught up in the novela. omg
xD the funniest thing happnd during my boring as fuck math class ..it waz such an awkward silence and SKRILLY'S MUSIC..
aww that's so sweet 
Is Barry Melrose the only hockey guy at ESPN? Seems weird that they have 20-odd ex-jocks for every other sport, but only one for hockey...
I wanna gypsy boy <3
We need to make #TheUsociety(c) shirts!
Oh no! HAHA! That'll teach her to not smoke!
hope you feel better, good luck with your run!
When will you be in Madison? It would be great to meet up. :)
Assuming that is true, wouldn't I, as a 13 year old Asian giraffe, be on my way out?
ready for round two? It's much better upon a second viewing and ample time for digestion
Dear Asshole, making illegal left-hand turns across 3 lanes when U are in the furthest right lane is INSANE! You almost killed me & my dog!
. I saw new signage, screaming low prices. The ones I knew, were higher. Not confident. The Shell deal is/has been a scam.
Hey Vander, please don't shoot jump shots.
Thanks for all the RT love this week!
DM me with your email address and I'll try to help you out
Beer???? I don't see why I wouldn't have a beer! Happy Cinco de Drinko!!!!
Nice try, Bitch. But everyone knows you're a liar. 💅
My grandparents who live in Wisconsin came to visit, and I had no idea! It was a surprise! I freaked out! You?♥ :]
House Education Committee hearing HB 1228. Expands accountability of and access to charter schools in MO.
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil you can't fit the jack under your car :/
I had when gross people try to flirt with me. It takes a shot at my self esteem.
me too
“: Instead of putting students in their place, put yourself in the student's place. #edchat #isutotal”
srry late reply about app.A great programmer here in baton rouge that helps me with game development.R u thinking of doing 1?
I love you, sweetstuff. c: ❤
hey iBieberHeartsJp i followed her
Baby Boy You Be Young Forever !
nothing to wathc on tv totally bored is anyone in arizona rite now
I wish Sexy Sax man would interrupt my workout.
Sympathizing with the one armed man. #twin peaks #sprained wrist
Never be afraid to achieve GREATNESS!!! (a2ib4ue) Let's get it :-)
Why do I always think of Richmond when I hear the Hoodoo Gurus? Someone out there knows...
i got burned, but you're the real loser. i don't know why i waisted my time with you.
like "Do you have family here?" or " Do you like the Cubs?"
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick.
Albuquerque and it's random crazy downpours of rain
getting ready for school......unfortunately
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not murder the Queen's English.
CNN suspends Roland Martin for Remarks on Twitter. Also because people don't like when he talks in real life
Disclaimer: No mics were injured in the making of this video.
Free Show Tonight: Lakeside Lounge on Lake Wisconsin, in Poynette, WI! Fireworks at dusk! 6PM-10PM.
Yep. Makes me wonder what other kludges we've taken for granted for too long. It's still a kludge, just nicer.
true he left handed.
party rockinnn! (: hate this song lol but its addicting
Once a person think your down,instead of helpn u up, they will try 2 walk right over yo ass!
more mustachy. And sideburns. And a full mountain man beard.
“: Did you know that Alfredo our painter was in jail for a month?” >> great.
A little under three hours...#SPN ....woot.....
I have reached 15 million reads on Bleacher Report. That's kind of a massacre of brain cells. Shit, mah bad.
Who does your extend to further? Brady or Tebow?
r cassie_jnes Hi!! How r u doing?
#Shoutout to all my followers I know it seem like im taken foreva but its well worth it Dec 31 2011 11: 59pm Dropn new shit follow me
4% of the worlda money is paper...the rest is electronic...homes are the new credit card..NAMASTE
White people are terrible witnesses.
LOLL I'm justkidding that'd be funny tho
All the great minds throughout the centuries have always said one way or another to begin with the end in mind.
Ok I think it's safe to say I'm dealing with a mild state of depression. I don't really know what else I can do with this music. MIRACLE!
On the road to bowling green! Let's get it dawgs!
legend as big as Bullfrog :)
- Chargers of course! :)
legit. I'll take what I can get.
Sewickley Spa is challenging YOU to support classical music. Call this hour (10-11am) with your pledge and watch it double!
i just want to violate you.
Hi KariAnn :) Really nice bags!
CATASTROPE City SD Auditor proposes mandatory cat registration. Demaio pounced on it next thing they will want is national ID for cats.
Ridiculously good episode "Muscle Woman" is, by the way. Love it.
whoo! Let me see that ass! 😂
No regrets
she was just shaking her head & I swear her hair didn't move!
Ready 2 make a change in American education? #IAspireTo. On 3/19, watch the live stream & join our live tweeting from #GradNation Summit.
I did double wrap it, but it still happened!!!
Good stuff, dude! Let's talk about you joining the rebellion through e-mail!
Can't tell if outfit is stupid or stylish
I fricken love
Thank you for speaking out. This article is very triggering and has no place in the universe.
Blah, nah****** def not. Not nagging lol
go youtube lola monroe than come back and talk 2 me I might respond I dunno though miss english girl..ps I HATE ur accent :)
That was fast.
Ariana Is A Real G :]
In love per usual :P
yo where u at?!!! , And I are about to go in on some grub and brews!!! Get to my casa asap lmao!
thought of another one-word possibility--FRAYED.
Arie Chan has a pre-season NFL winner today.. I'm trying to convince him to post it for you guys!
That's easy: #Canada, for starters ;)
Wednesday Night Specials : $2 U-Call it Wells, $8 Lg. Pitcher of Sam Adams and $1.50 Bottles of PBR
HUGE thanks to Scott S. for your super early $25 donation!! Go team !!
Sounds good, I'll be aiming for the 29th!
I Just looked at my free matches on eHarmony, I found my wife's profile looking for another husband.
When guys want a REAL relationship but yet there chancing hoes SMH -.-
someone I know had a tragic thing happen to him, his dad died a few days ago. Can you pray for him?
RT : And stop saying #RNS when u can't even read or comprehend 2nd grade vocabulary
Need to kick this cold in the butt before I hop on that plane to #newyork!!
Anyone have an estimated cost for replacement of two torsion springs on a 16ft garage door or something close? Any company recommendations?
So I heard that Hitler was the 2nd Antichrist. Is it bad that I look at his talent of speech as incredible?
Writing on Mor Lovhours & looking for people to share their thoughts on this memorial to Mike Kelley. Contact: prettymetals[at]gmaildotcom
/// Yo, what happened?? I missed it.
Could get Summertime Ball I AM GOING..
.. I wrote a song, it's called.."Shawnie and Tami is salty at Evelyn..Salty salty salty at Evelyn!!"
drama at school?? It will be alright only a month left :D
today is #nationalcheesefondue day! where do you go to get your ooey gooey fix!?
+1 ": um why is your Christmas tree STILL up? Or is it up super early?"
Just tuned into Dancing with Stars. Have a feeling this might be a total waste of time. This show may have run it's course.
If people can be thought leaders, is your kingdom. Be well and merry this weekend, friends
I get so excited on my bday :)
Am I going to end up in tears if I watch this?! Haha
Pretty crazy this week! 6 airplanes in 6 days!
#RetailTherapy tAmorrow..ssooo relaxed&more focused right now! Long conversation, unanswered questions answered..loving me&mine!!
wOOt!! Welcome to twitter You couldn't let ur wife be cooler then u, huh? Can u tweet from the back of a bull?
If a female ask you to hold something make sure she pays you back if not that means she is using you. that's why she keeps coming back
At for the matinee! Really interested to see what effect the casting has on the text. With Mr. as my date!
Thanks for the heads up -- I'll check it out! :-)
not even funny. not even close
If Demi is not nominated or Jonas, there's not reason to watch it like for real.
Pats need to lose.
What the hell man!? I feel so out of the loop, where am I when all this other shit goes down?? >.<'
the time of this tweet just made me open a beer
I am the master of my fate. I am the captain of my soul.
FINALLY saw the 3 hours and 25 minutes on my ass. So worth it.
I get way too stoned by myself
you're a trick and i hate you. ;) jk.
ok:) ur dada seems to be cool too ;)
Scott Snibbe (Bjork's Biophilia): A musical instrument is invitation, it's hard to resist picking it up. That's how I design apps
A Tale of Two Cities!! But then I've only read that & Great Expectations.
Anything I can do to help?
can we watch cherry bomb before we go back to school? :)
WHITE REMY....BOSS YA LIFE UP
Our pleasure to have you featured! RT : : Thanks for including us in your round-up of news!
DOUBLE light saber!
This weather is AMAZING! I love just sitting outside at this time of year!
finished class prep in time to respond to emails before class
Thanks for the follow and welcome to twitter!
PLEASE NOTICE ME IM HAVING A REALLY BAD night so it would really make my night if you would please follow me back tonight <333
thanks for the bracelet!
a shoutout to
My human lighting my fur on fire.
I will. You too!
It is time for #worship yall. In worship is when #God transforms you for His #purpose!
Just met with a DCT Industrial exec who says Miami, Houston and Southern Calif. markets are showing the strongest fundamentals.
-- but it will have taken java a long time to get real closures... esp considering the pizza compiler had them ~10 years ago.
OH now i know you! lol
when is she moving in?
If ever there were a legitimate reason to buy a Minnie Mouse-like tutu skirt, THIS would be it. 😃
The #GreatestLoveOfAll is being able to love yourself
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)7
Meet ACTA, the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement. If you depend upon international audiences and the free flow of information online
I just passed 100000 dollars in Google earnings. But unlike Nokia, I'm not ... - ABC Technology and Games
no matter what I say I'm not over you
So bloody cold today !
Expecting mothers, yes birth of your child is a sacred moment, doesn't mean we want to see your prego gut plastered all over the place
Who has the secret for curing a cold in an hour? Share.
I make most of my friends through music. ;)
#livegive It seems we have a lot of Softlips fans,do you do the tinted or clear? Me Clear i dont like color much on the lips
Oh you know it! Double Sleepova is gonna be the next big hit ! :)
we are so musically talented 🎸🎤🎶🎵👍
Way to go #LOBOS !!
Thx Ethan. Great meeting you.
Have to go into the city, on the L- train
i'm up like a tree in Da woods!! I'm good bro
Today's BTU inspiration: "A man grows most tired while standing still." ~Chinese Proverb
Fairytales don't always have a happy ending, do they? And I foresee the darker hand if I stay..
poala S T O P.
“Things may come to those who wait...but only the things left by those who hustle.” Abraham Lincoln
Damn people change.
he jammed his toe
I'm a better me! Because of you...I've changed.
no problem, pleasure is mine.
Best way to start Friday? Appointment at to finally deal with my shoulder pain.
Evaluating changes that I want to make in my life. Change is Good for the soul.
Tomorrow night, Thursday June 30, Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam from 7 to 10 pm.
It really depends on your desires. Quiet, romantic dinner, crazy party or something inbetween?
No -- I really wanted to go, but couldn't get off of work in time! How was it? Good turnout?
New Vegas.
lol that elbow to brewer was terrible
You are a strong man with a big heart that stands up for himself and who he is. You are indeed someone to be admired. :) <3
Thank you sexy girl!
Mornin' Y'all
Today I think I'm just gonna chill!
does that include you with your #eatshitmubb?
Thanks to all that listened to Mr. Brever on 103.7 FM, 99.1 FM and 1250 AM.
i thought ur car was taken away?
Beach was fun, relaxing. Now time to clean the house,
great local #leesburg author to follow:
How long has wind been around on this planet? Longer than power lines.
Crossing my fingers that Saturday goes smoothly since yours truly :) is in charge. Getting everything all settled today!
I love you ! <3
Grown ass woman just said I look tasty WTH wrong with your old ass ewwww pewwee
omg yes i love making fun of those lunatics! :D
Because you are women,it would look awrully weird if we wore it right?
Surrounded by boggarts, remaining grounded.
I've created tweet monsters!
Of course! Super excited.
: "...REAL issues..." What the world needs now is peace and love. Nothing wrong with a good ol' convo.
excited to see you too!
I wish I could figure out his feelings for me<3
don't you have an iPhone? Oh and it's those thumbs up ones lol
I find her so very irritating.
Casting new reality show! Do you have a friend in a bad relationship? Should they break up? Email your story:
Love You To
Facebook chat fight? #ghettoaF bitch you don't know me.
Let's make it fair then
#Thatawesomemoment when you turn on the radio and your #favoritesong starts right from the beginning!
Thomas makes his first bad play of the day: Hits him in the hands & gets picked. Then Chris Carter smacks Braxton in the face & nullifies it
I think Brittany fucked up with me
If that isn't child exploitation I do not know what is! How can this be ok? It is NOT. Our media culture is rife with it
I gotta learn how to take a complement haha I really suck at it
my new favorite song.
Today just isn't my day....time to release it off my chest. Writing lyrics
Maybe we should've had you on the show to convince
#MUSICNEWS Dick Clark dead at 82
It time for NYS Writers Hall of Fame Retweets Today subject is Herman Melville. Here is what tweetdom is saying about
90% of marketing is knowing your target audience’s main objection to buying and how to overcome it.
lol..i saw that too haha when did it change?
Lol I remember when all these people were SO against smoking. Now they smoke.
Thanks for the #FF mentions! Have a great weekend!
she said that?
Holy moly, the Mall and downtown DC are completely mobbed with visitors right now. Can't even fathom the economic impact of this.
i need you to follow me. :(
Lying is bad but sometimes you can't help it.
Look me up on instagram smoke__THAT
the iPad has a much bigger battery that lasts much longer so it takes longer to charge.
Big Brotherr. Haha my family makes fun of me for watching this. I just like Jordan;)
I don't care what they say about me I just wanna eat. Which I realize is a lot to ask for. At a dinner party!
Are you going to add more planets such as Naboo?
IF YOU SEXY ADD ME ! IF YOU UGLY ! .... OK OK YOU CAN ADD ME TO . LOL
About time this game got interesting!
yep! Here till Thursday am so I can take the child safety workshop. Makin dinner for the house tonight. Maybe you could come?
Creepy Cody got beat DOWN!!!
RT for a shout out :)
What an awesome semester being a part of the ! Looking forward to seeing you all at least one more time before I leave for Spain!
"Anybody whose mind is functioning at all can't be content with the way the world works." Frederick Wiseman. Make films to change it!
The choice of all Dale Jrs biggest fans. RT : That is why I drive an Acura
You Would Make My Chirstmas 100% Better If You Followed Me. Love You!! (: <333
aye boo
WOW here in LA its 9:04 pm but it's still Sunday well I hope u have a safe #Halloween and have
pssst RT Kick ass! I work in media so let me know when she graduates! We're always recruiting.
Wants to remind actors union and non union that musicians, painters, authors, and designers get paid for their work. You should too.
what are we doing?
yeah man!
• 'She' might be some other staff member of ESPN - a fictional character. This is all so odd.
We had a great turnout for "Pariah"!! I hope everyone enjoyed the film as much as we did!!
#BAYMAM If you want to change "your definition of insanity" - do the coaching program. I DID!
hey and congrats on the success of Jittergram!
RT : #RomneyPickUpLines -> Wait til you meet your sister-wives!
Our pleasure!
love you more <33
this CLOWN gotta new car, so I'm complement the car and say awe we gotta hit the road now! Just making conversation
that's good bro.. just keep at it, and it'll come.. you got mad talent for this music shit.
I got asked to prom:)
#pokerpromagazine Check it out!!
- Curious. What is primary motivation of Twitter trend tracking for you ?
It's Friday...the start of a glorious weekend....Make the Best of it....What do you have planned?
All great men and thoroughly convinced me to be a friend of coal. Hoping I can be half as successful as they are one day.
yes! Second time this happened.
Some Ppl Call It Lurkin Or Beind Nosey I Call It Reseach N Investigating!! ;)
it's coming! It's snowing in chicago
RIP Gil Noble
but can still be sued for copyright even if follow CC, etc. difference is you can prove independent invent. Not in patent.
No matter gay, straight or bi,Lesbian, transgendered life,I'm on the right track, baby,I was born to survive,
Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive, stayin' alive! RT Bee Gees star Robin #Gibb wakes from coma, communicates with family members.
If I never reply that means stfu leave me alone
o my gosh!! I can see Austins ustream on my iPod :D thank u god
Gotta hit this Gym after work smh it's gonna be rough but I'm up for the challenge !!
Getting back in the swing of things after holiday finally. Yourself?
don't tell nobody.., lol..
": Just cried watching and battle from last nights ep MY #teambrothers4life"
You only have to make the difference in the life of another to be a leader.
Acting dumb ain't cute
I have only used one brand which contains low dosage. It has helped me so far during the times I needed it.
But seriously though. We're all Beliebers and we're all the same. Just because you're a boy doesn't make you special.
Thank you for sharing!
Now that is a candle... AUDJPY
#imnevents Opp Funds: Core Session- Chinese investors have a huge appetite for NYC office product
Amazon is shipping the new book, The Phoenix Apostles, but isn't in stores yet. Hope you'll get your copy!
we have too much fun! :) haha wait till senior year! Hopefully we have classes together :p
I'll be out there Sat. (playing later that day). who is playing w/you?
look at my background! its from Romeo and Juliet
The whole thing sounds obnoxious--I mean, you signed *every* preorder. How disheartening. So sorry.
awww prince of peace ya remeber!!!
Ravens announce two-year deal with former Texans WR Jacoby Jones. This address WR and KR/PR need.
Why do I have to do everything
Watching on netflix.... I believe it is going to be a good night... I <3 lol :)
Tried writing a paper for 20 minutes, couldn't finish one sentence. Time for The Office and a long night's rest.
Never in a million years did I think a song by Kris Allen would be remixed and remixed well.
Just went for a little 8 mile run. Thanks to my friends for helping me thru it!
ask your mom for a xmas present to come see me! :)
Wilson nails two 3-pointers in a row to take #Badgers' lead to 7.
Want to write a guest #blog post for ASA? Let us know! We'll send you a sweet tshirt as a thank you!
Nic Faas pulls into the infield
The only reason I want to go is so I can see you <3
Dang .. There's a lot of people im gonna miss from Seneca ..
"how many women have u been with?" "sexually?" "no breakdance fighting."
SLJ's #wksnowday starts at 7:00 AM PST.. Do you think the Wimpy Kid author can get students here over an hour before school starts?
haha I know I just hate GOING to sleep I feel like its a Waste of Time lol but I love sleeping. Love/hate relationship!
And he had some morals! RT Newt: I'm Reagan...AGAIN! Hey Newt: you're not Reagan. For one, Reagan was likable.
Business digest
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
they all #pussywhipped. Get it?
So Act Like a Lady, Think Like a man is sold out. My mom had to order the book for me. I'm waiting these 3-5 days :)
Gotta love HumpDay.
I was wearing that shirt last weekend. "Yeah!"
perhaps 21 year old men aren't used to being closely observed by women in general.
Happy Thanksgiving, friends! We will be back in the office on Monday, November 28.
who's ready for The Hunger Games movie???!!!!
If i could be like i would give anything!!
i cant trust me
. signs off, returns donations, quotes the Lorax.
you're the slut, ok.
thank you so much!!!! Where do you find the password?
he was just dumb af muahahha
please do not let Ohio State go no further....Please
Jesus died on a cross we party with easter baskets..
#Orioles looking to hold a #Boston tea party today @ Fenway, but told would prefer to serve "Sunday Beer & Fried Chicken".
great minds have a way of finding each other!!!
wassup bro. u gonna be around in a few hours? was gonna hit u.
RT : the Mom Biz Academy is really wonderful - you should join us!
Just got done interviewing Big Sean with courtest of and
You know it!!! RT : Joint hits hard in the car!!
The TAL website must be totally overloaded. Can't get this link. Thanks for the tweets on this.
how awesome!!!
you coming to houston for final four?
Yes. With a cinder block
I feel like cooking.
WC Orlando had a session from the UCf med school using it as a cms. Not sure if it was recorded but it was a good solution 4 them.
RT : The winds tell of an upcoming BBM Lounge!
RIP photojournalists Tim Hetherington & Chris Hondros who were killed in Libya yesterday. See Tim at work in Restrepo streaming on Netflix
Manning. Williams isn't special, we can fill that need with Ingram in the draft. There aren't too many Manning's out there.
Loving it. Let's start producing.
good luck, Jim!
Wish I was! Tix way expensive, $2100
Chris Weber Pls call a timeout....wait
Sounds like you hit a nerve. They must know they're a little self involved
So am I still waiting for this world to stop hating?
Come join me for lunch at Aj BOMBERS for a Aj burger.
He should've left early. To beat traffic.
Hey Joe - thanks for the follow!!
Love it!
Good God, I can't even spell whimper!
:/ speaking of her.. did she like cupcakes, or was her nickname cupcake,ill explain after cuz i know it's weird of me to ask
true shyt or either famous RT dont nobody love ya until u either dead or in jail
lol... That's the only damn thing that would fit in the pic lol...
LAS commencement address by George Crabtree
lol oh I got you
still studying for that bar mitzvah lar?
QUESTION: What is ticket fare policy for firefighters in uniform who take the #metro to their station? Heard conflicting things
Busy day: Spa Castle followed by 'The Young Victoria' (at my new favorite theater in Kew Gardens) followed by Pio Pio followed by home.
Wow seems like an awful call. Debbie-cake Briere fakes getting hit in the face, and then holds Larsson's stick? Guess I missed something.
what up pimp can i send u a few tracks i have been tryn to get ahold of you for awhile
you're welcome
I thought the harp dude was gonna be lame....I was wrong....totally cool.
...couldn't hurt, but almost anything (particularly if my kids can enjoy it too) including cookies would still be very cool :-)
DRIVE TIME with and Edzo's. VROOM. CHOMP. VROOM.
By a lot of Olbermann's standards, it should be equally "controversial" to admire lots of presidents.
You forgot to mention that Hamas is intentionally using Civilians as shields & directly caused the shelling of a Gaza School today
What Club Live On A Sunday Night? Hit Me Up - BAM!!!!
RT : First day at Bologna Fair over and everybody seems to be asking: Where is the line between app and e-book?
Look forward to seeing your posts.
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements let a couple avoid stress and move forward into a trusting marriage.
out on a bit of a cooler in $1100 NLH. Button squezzed for the 2nd time, another called, I didn't like just call w JJ. All in; he had KK:)
zen salon is great. Ask for Rob. Love that man!
I'm two minutes into this and it's really good so far Karen! Great explanations.
I've told this guy that is my husband over 5 times:p
Gunna eat me some Chicken nuggets, Ramen, Chips and have me. Some dr. Pepper while watching House Of 1000 corpses!
strange clouds is about to be soo dirty
Some kid farted while we were taking a test today hahaha
i use slacker and pandora, but I like to have more control.
Nah man, you guys are.
I've looked at the site and logged into the Wordpress account & I'm not seeing any problems. Might be the connexion?
We are all Romans. But, in a more accurate way, riding a stupid looking moped makes you a Roman.
running in the air, of course. up and down the aisle ...
Already preparing for this "Shredder" work-out tomorrow...with my own little twist
Medusa makes me hard.
Business me has to come out on Wednesday...so I have to put on my business hat and take off my actors hat... :crosses fingers:
Thinking up the Father's Day Specials.
Don't start nothing you can't finish! :')
but every kid <16 wants to pretend they are driving!
There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them. -- Bruce Lee
Reds suck and Arroyo needs to go!!
I don't doubt it, you've got more booty );
Queen in Montreal concert was on last night
aw and you will always be beautiful !!!!! .....and annoying :)
Juror #4 is a blockhead
Holy crap, Punter ever been an MVP??
Every guy I know around my age still recognizes classic JayMewes lines instantly. Thanks for all the laughs!
- Thank you for standing up for equal rights!
Recommend a RhinoTech filtration system along w/washout booths. No product down the drain.
