omg sophia grace and rosie from are the most cutest girls ever!
The Indianapolis Colts made it official and picked Andrew Luck (Stanford) at 1 overall. RG3 should follow suit at 2.
WORDS TO THE WISE : - PAT FORD*
thank you for the follow. We are happy to be apart of the movement. Keep it up!
going off!!!
i lived off christopher! we used to do walking trip to Stonewall... my principal gave me lots of leash! lol
Today is National Chocolate Milkshake Day, but we prefer to celebrate with a glass of icy SPORTea. Just as tasty and a LOT less calories :)
#3WordsForYou I love you. 😊
wait...Dakota?! Ur go to generic child name is Dakota??
Trying to feel better
Sometimes, after I listen to my voicemail, I worry about society.
1933, Born on this day, Tiny Tim, famous for ‘Tiptoe Through The Tulips’. He died of a heart attack in 1996 while on stage playing his hit.
this lopez guy im researching was a THUG
I am working on getting more photography up on my site. Is anyone using Pinterest to showcase their work?
call or myself ASAP! Wanna talk to u about the show on Thursday!
Like short sleeves i bear arms
#theawkwardmomentwhen you feel stupid you didn't realize the guy singing was
“: *twerks as i study about some nucleic acids*” yaaaasssss
It seems appropriate that I'd rebrand my Twitter feed during Mad Men. Since '07 I've been but you can call me
that's why ur gonna make it big!
I love it when you call me big papa
Reply w/ picture of u in Colts gear you'd wear to #ColtDocsVIP party Thurs 1st 25 entered into hatpick. 2 followers+guest win!
good for you good luck with everything
Not at all! I LOVE my engagement ring, hands down my most favorite piece of jewelry. :)
that's interesting....what a talking piece for high school reunions.
is so huge.
Wearing a long jersey skirt to work, and all I'm thinking is "I'm wearing pajamas!" Exactly what my exhausted self needs today :)
Scary phone call, but truth is that the school is following emergency protocol, which is the right thing. So far, every 1's ok.
I love people who will make a cake just to make a cake.
just got home from walmart with had so much fun!!
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 64F FAIR
Worked my last day at today! I will miss working with you
No big deal guys. We can all hang out at Up and Under Pub tonight!
:>( Announcement #2 Euridice et Spiritus is having difficulties in dropping her Music as previously hoped. Please bear with me!
$2Billion Lost is Nothing!!!!
no prob homie... We all started somewhere
Daily Giveaway: Send a tweet using #RawnatureBodyTreats for a chance to win an 8 oz jar of my Buttercream Body Wash. Good luck!
everytime i fucking eat my stomach hurts a lil later #wtf is this
Today is national ride your bike to work day - how are you getting to work?
I appreciate your support this past year
I love my friend. You know who you are :)
My hatred for Carl Pavano knows no boundaries. Let him have it!
new video updates on my channel soon
Create your brand on Twitter; use your profile to add info to share your info and lets other know you are a credible resource
Thanks for the #SO love.
YES!!! Looking fwd to listening! Any chance you cook w/ spent grain? I hope so!
As this new day unfolds, it just keeps on getting better and better. It is my 3 year anniversary witrh my fabulous wife. She is the best.
Slim shady:) <3
I'd be interested Jo. Thanks for sharing :)
Its way too difficult to get tweets off you :(
In "Good Books" starting in April. #Children's Book Reviews! Quick Recommend: "Stevie" - John Steptoe, author/illustrator.
OK, time to go run
down but not out just yet...
Audience is naming trends we've seen: ppl used to multi simultaneous inputs; immediate info
Saw Shogun and now watching at #UMFBA on #UMFTV -- sweet!
Those nights where you don't know what to do >
please follow me?(: 1
InSpotter mobile app for African-Americans reduces the element of surprise at nightclubs
How Many Roads Must A Man Walk Down Before He Admits Hes lost?
lol too funny
what the hell was he thinking, everyone knows what kind of driver you are
are u going to the graduation?
looking for morgage lenders and reminding myself I am a REAL ADULT who can do this, not some punk-ass kid hoping to fool people.
Submissions for the 2011 San Jose Short Film Festival will open this MARCH, mark your calendars!!!
Hm.. sounds like the doubleclick ad exchange is going to launch tomorrow...
skip and Stephen A at it as usual
Yup; it happened! March 29, 1:06 a.m. i came out screaming & fighting, kicked the doctor in the face & jumped on my mom, she misunderstood
LMAO! CHILL RT I give up then
hi i have seen your hairstyle and love them i mean who doesnt i been wanting to get my hair done by you
This jack and coke is exactly what I need to bring me down from my caffiene high.
The Pixies - Where Is My Mind
oh sad! They probably open late. If you're not there at 1AM tonight then YES :D
With budget cuts schools are facing & the added accountability we are going to be like a farmer who has more sheep but fewer sheepdogs.
Flavor of the week- Easter Egg!
hahaha RT : My first memory was 9 months before I was born. I went to this crazy party with dad and left with mom
Influence is everywhere.. question is what and who influences you?
Getting ready to ____ is a stalling tactic! Don't stall #do !!!
Thank u i couldnt agree with u more 😊 RT : aww she's so beautiful!
Santana with a single will drive in Choo putting the Indians on the board in the sixth. 4-1 Sox
AND THAT. IS ROADHOUSE.
Anyone figure out how to get any portion of iCloud to work? apple
yeah, I wouldn't make it in.
100% organic facial buffing grains www.ambersearth.com
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
i wish i could shake out and clean the second floor of my apartment like a purse.
Look forward to seeing you at tomorrow nights event with and
Just like alcohol, we will always have tests. Employers don't want high employees. We don't want high truck drivers, etc.
Hi, I know Sonny. I really enjoyed our interview from some yrs ago.
Computer science <<<<<<< Lunch.
Bag lady, you gone hurt yo back...
Hey Lady! We must do brunch soon! :)
now I'm waiting for him to tweet mr
freshman 15 are here on Long Island I've been hanging with them all night! They just played a little bit ago
NOT NOW IM JUST GRINDIN ON LINE INBOX ME UR NUMBER MY PHONE DIDNT SHOW THE NUMBER
yeah freaking crazy.. :l
and some on good night for OK music. Circle Of Birds and Crocodile too!
Never leave a jigsaw puzzle in a breakroom utilized by librarians.
Great new website from with lots of useful content and listings of events. Check it out!
I changed my mind about kids. Not all of them are awful brats.
welcome back gorgeous!
But only if ur a queer and like pop punk
I'd rather you be castrated while I watch than have to create a family budget plan.
I haven't stalked you lately. Wait, should I have admitted that?! HaHa how are you love?!
Remember, sharing is caring ... sharing can change the world
#weloveburgers too! we're happy to be a part of the Udel/Newark community!
you and me both bro. I think my avocado tree just died, here in AZ.
I'm working Saturday, definitely stop by!
tend to stay with their husband or wife even if they hate them just because they are afraid of divorce.
Happy Birthday Nathan!! <3
Happy hour 1 of 2 starts now! $2 edamames. $5 Asian Nachos. And plenty of drink specials to wash it all down.
Friday flashback jam: The Farm - "Groovy Train"
Real Talk, I'd Rather Sit, Then Snitch Dawg, Cause Quick Jaws, Get A Nigga Smoked, Like Menthols.
Awesome game Thought my son Kyle who turned 3 yesterday was done getting gifts but u delivered a perfect ending to his day.
Not gonna lie, I'm more interested in what has to say about the Saints than the hype about #tebow joining the
I would think my alarm is a plane going off and keep pressing snooze -_-
Thanks, Jim.
Headed in for this OT money
“: Breaks over n cuzn gone #drawlin ” I'll be back
The US Global Change Research Program is on Twitter! Follow us for updates & news on federal #climatechange #science activities.
I love it!!! RT Whenever we see your handle, we also think of the phrase, "I Kid Because I love you." There's your motto.....
“: I can't poop in public bathrooms. #firstworldpain”
Watch out next week 4 a new fun #Tarot competition on the www.tarotspeakeasy.com blog - dare you discover if u r a Tarot Saint or Sinner?
IT'S BEEN THREE HOURS AND MY MOUTH IS STILL NUMB. WHAT IN HELL DID THAT DENTIST GIVE ME.
And I keep my car with me like a pimmppp!
You're my favorite dj AND u love the cowboys? Whats next, u also love soccer, traveling and ur a foodie?
My spanx are very "reductive." Look it up.
We hope you are enjoying your time in Indianapolis - Super Bowl Fans
Woo Hoo Nate the GREAT!
Brilliant. And platforms like Twitter/Facebook help you leverage the value of your worth.
I'll take your word for it!
Planet Terror!
There should be a word for the amazingness of the temp outside being the same as inside
Hey #EdCampNYC Have a fantastic event tomorrow ~ Saturday, October 1st!
Have a great trip! Seattle is awesome! I miss WA so much. :'(
what a sweet baby!! Damn u for making me love that furry pussy!!
boring strength day
#10BasicFactsAboutMe I'm a sucker for women with dimples and curly hair!
I Motivate myself to change my own life, I dont wait for someone else!
i like that shirt
please note & RT Don’t forget to tune in to at 7:50pm ET for #Boyfriend premiere! #AskBieber w/
I've decided I'm not a fan of " American Values" - we are vicious to those who don't agree with us & seemingly hate anyone who needs help.
On our way! RT #IMWSicily See u in Marsala!
I hate expressionless robots. -.-
All I need is Mary Mary I ain't fucking with no other drug.
RT : “The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.” Ralph Nader
Love my black hair, but loving the thought of it part black, part bleach blonde.
wish I had kept this as a printed out hard copy...*RIP* And hopefully the PO will not suffer same :(
I want to tell you about a hoops project I think you would be interested in. Thank you!
Nice...in my neck of the woods...like that place as well!
you almost have 66k followers! :)
||~.!_ THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
The Hollywood story on kardashians
welcome back! :]
RT : Just remember, every day is a gift from God. Well except for Monday...Satan slips that one in. He's a sneaky bastard.
This whole needing 8 hrs of sleep is hard to do when you have homework then practice in the AM.
gots a lot of sh*t to do today!
Hey Thomas! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Nothing better than going to my grandmas to take a lil nap .. Seems like sleep is so much better here :) <3 grandma comfort zone !
Here's a good reminder, taking a nap when you barely got any sleep will guarantee not hearing an alarm.
Thanks for all the great tweets at last night's #TandD!
I'm a Hobbit lover too. They're also creating a movie of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
Thanks for note, and for the lamp too! Wish I'd bought the other two I saw! I'll be back on my next trip!
thanks Joe! xo
Might go to Whitehaven graduation because Martavious asked me to.
so clutch! Esp money in ur pocket!
Thank you for all the RTs. (Sorry for flooding your feed). Let us know if you yourself have any questions.
Mike Adams welcome to the rangers bullpen
Thanks to for the loan of an excellent playa bike!
okey I ' am real Jasmine Villgaes , and this is my second profile
Bring Back Ringer 18
I can't sleep and I'm so excited and he doesn't need to get in atlanta till tomorrow night
Hey Max who runs a room in Naples? My buddy Matt from Denver is asking.
Shocking elimination!
Thats tight! Where was that at?!
Ahh Kevin Hart stand-up is hilarious
I'm close to 30 stars and I looked to see how close saw "Oops, Rewards program error! User does not qualify for rewards." Why?
RT : #beautytip Metallic eyeliners are a big trend for AW11.For a natural take on the look start subtle with bronze &...
How bad is it that I'm addicted to Felicity on Netflix.... From 1998....
Next Year UConn...Go Mets?
Not as easily as you'd think! Waiting on Google for a response to my Analytics feedback questions, and will write about that too
you keep tweeting from my account.
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.
LOL I guess so. 90210 is one of those shows that really isn't good, but that I watch anyway.
Everyone go follow my buddy He likes penis but he is cool.
Gotta love Country Music! 
Im about to be knocked out..
I heard at these rave things chicks get naked
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian
same here and now she is huge Packer fan
You should go! LA Coliseum :)
#mdcsymposium Thanks for great discussion. I love a workshop where someone gets to mention Frank Zappa!
Check out our latest blog about recording your family stories.
What library has the best scenic views?
need promotions we can get you to the next level.. follow us and we will follow you back
You are very welcome! Have a wonderful Sunday...
Yeah, Did you ask about the movies
Just met the guys from at smith common. Great guys and amazing beer. Their ipa is amazing.
none you should come to England!<3
iOS app success is a &quot;lottery&quot;: 60% (or more) of developers don't break even - Ars Technica
Confidence + intelligence + hard work = success!
It won't just be reading. Some web browsing, etc.
Opera 12 Beta Now Available With 64-bit Support for Windows and ...
my backround is so cute <3
Multiples I *never* mind. It's the missing emails that do me in :)
OH WAIT HE'S GONNA BUNT ISNT HE
Willie Briscoe with Hope Leadership Foundation joins us this morning with some famous athletes. 8:20am on KUSI
Spent the morning thinking today is Wednesday. Now feel like I've gone back in time a day.
Nice #GrandCentralBakery product placement on . Supernatural tales, keeping Portland weird.
I knew it!
HOW did that lady make out? Thought of her all day!
Sounds tasty; I'll have to go check out the competition.
Gotta headache out dis world sore shin an my hands smell like basketball im tired af
hahahahhahaha you should lol :P "blond inner side" 😄😉😏😌😝 hahahaha
Hi Jeff. Can't wait to see the August edition of Destinations. When is it coming out? Can I buy a hard copy at a book store?
Thanks for the retweets! Your China panel on the 24th looks stellar. Be sure to send us a link to the recap!
sorry i got bored and thought of that
Getting really excited about the extended worship night with at I need it! Come at 6 and pray with us!
Big big game tomorrow! Fairview at Giles
How things look on the outside of us depends on how things are on the inside of us.
thanks so much, Lyndsay - for the warm welcome back and for your general radiance! :)
did you like his comments after game 2? Lol
Novocain is wearing off and the toothache is setting in. it's a weird feeling.
Congrats can't wait To See it
Washing my Clothes For The Weekend :)))
2 chains K O
H.o.d bitch
Creshawna is funny doe , I really finally sat and talked to her
I haven't worn socks or underwear in three days....and I'm LOVIN EVERY MINUTE OF IT! Hippie-hood, here I come
Dam been gassy as fuck all day lol
Roc zodiac sign is a Leo it is true
let me know if you do! if you do will you be going to derby??
Heated seats! New car! Spring nights that are chilly give me this new tiny thrill.
What a beautiful morning to be a blessing to someone.....
22 days and I will have an iPhone📱📱
It's funny how; the person you'd take a bullet for tends to always be the one behind the gun!-#Boom! <|3
Uh, 8 fire trucks outside my house but no visible fire.
Cool..How are you?
Skeeter big as a penny on the HIWI site. (May not sound that big, but put a penny on your arm and imagine it's a mosquito.)
RT If you have to be there everyday, you don't own a business, you own a job #NAPFA2012 via
I might be biased, but I have the best husband in the world.
I could eat skyline everyday of my life.
I've been Italian for 2 Years!! Me? I drink a whole case? Me? I drink about 44 yrs ago brotha!
Love ending my work week with #ColePorter and #CaroleKing!
Fade to Black...
Power nap.
Assembling a team for the future:O.W.S., Anonymous, the 99%(the true Democrats), the 'democraticians' in Congress and Heavenwatch!
very tense - demo'ing at
JOB: Smith focused on functionality She also used the Google Suite tools.
To find out the real story behind the "Save the $1bill" advertisements at Metro Center, we're going to have to follow the money.
Facebook introduced the new Timeline for Facebook Pages - we're using it! Have a peek at the new layout - any suggestions guys?
I have my braces now!(: aqua and purple(:
They'd be ugly ha “: r there any golf shirts out there that let the sun through the material
Anyway, that's the word at breakfast B4 scrimmage today & home opener Mon. The seasonal round at our house always has sports in it.
Pittsburgh. Abe Parmelee has the night off, he's not in the lineup tonight. I'm #confused as he is their best player.
S/O to who got the Cutest hair cut!!!
yeah, I got my $5/hr workstudy, but no taxes out. I think I put it on my moral character app, which I may or may not have a copy of
VIA donates all of our kitchen grease to Cream City Grecycling, which is turning it into bio fuel for the #Milwaukee County fleet.
damn.. forgot how horrible the apple headphones are
Why is it that a few crazy fanatics act as the voice for the (ideally) saner whole?
Follow back me is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos ;)
Glad you enjoyed the food. :) Yeah I just got done eating spaghetti and meatballs. Delicious!
Thanks for the RT!
Indeed, c'est la vie =( Sorry about pointing out the obvious earlier, keep up the good work and the not so good calender =P
oh god...with that song...already know I'm gonna cry....for some reason it does it to me every time!
Can vouch for (almost) truth of this.
thanks for following champ!
It bothers me that Cons. complain about taxes but want the U.S. 2 take a lead role in Libya etc. You can't have it both ways
can u follow me
Watching The Maury show. All I can say is, stupid people.
Love the fact that SD has , , , EHL, and the SD Bus Drivers rep in Sac for #transportationchoices CA Summit
He is our super glue
those do happen. Just not very often in American soccer.
I think the #Spurs are defining what it means to be able to "turn it on" when they need too.
Thanks for spreading the word man. Can't wait to shoot with you this weekend.
This just in: and I will watch #hungergames in 10 min
You can try starting with 250mg for a few weeks then bump up to 500mg to see if you feel even more effects.
Long Monday Is Almost Over :)
I like ur no-nonsense approach, so i must call u out when u recc sugar substitute on a anti-fake food segment
KRISTEN YOU'RE ADORABLE
too bad that you want tobe someone else, you don't see yr own face, yr own beauty.Yet, no face is more beautiful than yours.
RT Sometimes black ppl make us all look bad.......say it again.
Nice to finally meet you! Can't wait to help you snag the crown!
Finish this sentence: The coolest new camera from Nikon is the ________.
Time to explore Boston!
I need to figure out my ankle tan strategy before June.
my phone is glued to my hand! Hahha tell Vito aka the man thanks again for the beverage!
Rolanda you know you need to share those seeds. Lol.
Does anyone know where to buy Lip Chap at?!?! god damn it I want some.
A4: Product pages should highlight return policies and consumer guarantees.
nyc weather is so bipolar at this time -,-
you done made yourself guilty lmaoo
I hope this hoe anit on no trash
RT : Happy Kidney-versary 1 yr ago today was a beautiful day that saved a life. Thanks...
LOL, and then there's the alarms...of course the cops had the "fun" of dealing with those
hey im a little drunk on you and high on summertime
S/o to all the moguls b4 me respect well deserved, appreciate u all,Now I got next
follow me
57 degrees in the house. I think it's time to get the furnace going. OTOH, the wine I bought last night (and left out) is perfectly chilled!
Have any good response rate data on QR codes printed on catalogs or direct mail? I'm interested to see if they actually drive engagement.
I've never felt so #tired before
i use my phone to talk too my by ~ & but hes not talking to me right now soo i shall not use it .
I wish I could ignore my insecurities.
replacement driver's license ordered, hahah hate going through bullshit like last night. LET ME DRINK & DESTROY MYSELF OR I WILL DESTROY YOU
I think if we got anyone from Rangers their bat would just die anyway
You looked so hott last night. I can't understand how anyone ever made fun of you when you were younger.
Well, that just may be it for any sort of NBA season this year.. Thoughts?
I pray that God will bring my soulmate to me or bring me to my soulmate everyday.
How so? Tried for days--can't get in. There's no empty G+ profile for me, which leads me to believe not invited.
big credit goes to She did an awesome job!
Have fun Justin, bring it to S. America.
LOL! No mention of Big Sascha. He's fine & "errrything" but that's too dangerous and she's too smart! ;-)
Yeah I am going to try to do same.....:)
It's pretty much GMs flagship I would hope they would show it off
Oh great let the mind trash begin...RT : jersey shore is back tomorrow already? i feel like the last season just ended.
that. is. awesome! :) how are you??
hmm. Oh well, i guess
The end of "Old Man River" gives me chills every time.
There ya go, Preds!
as long as its like kinda early I can!!
gettin ready to root from
9th: by Tom Hulihan, Steve Black, Tim Gu - app: how much you walk or bike relative to how much you drive
Con't - something that will teach our kids the will to dare and dream. Like we did so many decades ago. We need that again... Sigma out
you aren't tired !!
sorry..but i follow now
Confused about healthcare reform? Give us your questions. We have answers! 619-222-0119
Love it! RT #AnimalPrint + #Neon Nail Polish - You CAN nail this look with Zoya #NailPolish! See how here: (cont…
For the record, a good summer smells exactly like a ripe August tomato fresh picked from a friend's garden.
We believe more democracy is the answer and specific ideas can be generated by greater participation in the democratic process
I wish marriage was like a trading card or coupon so I could give mine to a deserving gay couple...
They're definitely the worst America has to offer! haha
Hahahahaha. U laughed at us?! U thought THAT was funny? Got nothin better to do?! #ursostupid they must be jello;)
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
“: Before I die I want to get a matching tattoo with my best friend.” :)
If Kasas wins, I'll have 3 of teh Final Four in my bracket! Go Jayhawks!!
And a lotta blue steel. :)
yo I need you to pose for a picture for me
Don't get mad when you make mistakes, it's a chance to learn and grow.
POP QUIZ, HOTSHOT! What elements is the Twittersphere made up of?
2nd time I've seen you. Never a disappointment! In tears when talking about how men can focus on 1 thing to make a girl look good
happy belated birthday
thank you pimpin
how was your day?
i know the feeling! Hang in there + trust, something will make sense soon
weltch's white grape peach juice completes my life
listen to "Everything Works If You Let It" and then tell me you don't love Cheap Trick. .. You'll love Cheap Trick!
Seeing Cascabel today at with ! The theatre I love, where I took classes as a kid, and one of my favorite chefs!
After work drinks? Dont mind if I do :)
no expectation til AUG 1st...seen this story before...just enjoying good baseball right now.
Hey school-based ! Do you consider yourself to be one of the "teachers?" Interested in your thoughts.
Brian:"yeah, I posted it on that space page" referring to facebook. He's a crazy man #lovehim ❤😊
banquet outfit strapless dress (bieber purple) silver pump heels n all diamond bracelet (: curly hair
#401k Great presentation on Social Media for Financial and Investment Market. ASPPA Summit
Animal Planet displaying hashtags during an entire show. #FindingBigfoot Maybe Sasquatch will post to #Twitter and tell us where they are.
hear hear. So many issues are shown as black vs white
yay for gulf swimming!
I seem to have pressed the What The Hell Just Happened key on my keyboard.
Just filled out a home depo online job app =)
realization is a wonderful thing, but figuring out how to make change is hard.
It could be tough or even impossible to perform #WindshieldRepair the beginning of next week. Rain & repair not a good combination.
Back to live action here at Eagle Field with Navarro leading San Jacinto 4-1 in the bottom of the 5th
whats going on today
At the concert tonight at Verizon Amphitheater.
yo was gud? been a min...
Wow its raining!!
I think I'm confused? It's not hard for that to happen.
Quark or InDesign? We will explain in detail soon...
Questions at the Senate hearings on the new gTLD program are almost exclusively going to ICANN. Pritz is very much on the defensive.
Awesome, man. RT : My mother, a veteran, is now volunteering to help other veterans in need. Super proud.
what's the URL for the live stream?
All great stories have a fat bitch involved in it.
#Dancing4thecure Linda's Story has been added! Making Groove Against Breast Cancer!
Live > Studio
": Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil...and he will flee from you. That's how you win the war.
hahah I had to touch your lil curls today :)
GL: now political refusal 2 invest; Corps sit on $ now. Predict permanent austerity b/c income equlty so stark
Research paper due.... Havent even started. Must I say more?
#lis483 Also good to remind teens that if they want a book we don't have, they can ask & we will buy/order more copies, maybe?
In a world of pure imagination...
dud yoi don't even know! I was insane. I'll have to get it all written down so people can read it
it's some contest my teacher put me in. Call Poetry slam. Its like rap poems. And I have no ideas haha
Text Bice to 90210 to receive freebies, specials, promotions and exclusive event information.
Why Coleman University is still teaching JSP and servlets, I have no idea!?
Vampire bats on a stick? Fruit bat cobbler? Anyone?
Good morning I just stood in dog shit.
Be brave, have courage, and walk against the grain.
I think I'll update my #Linkedin profile today and catch up with some new colleagues.
Better be a WR! RT : The third round of the draft is underway!
We don't collect custom data, this would need to take place on your site before subscription signup.
You know it has gotten bad when you should be grading but instead watch three YouTube videos in a row on how to peel artichokes.
Woo that's a big three.
haha yeah... mine STILL say that lol
just opened my mail and got my card=)
and I look cute today~
I was your happy place
we can start to change that on our side, so that access doesn't mean pitching plays, just conversation, I think its more open
That was a good 20 min
Exactly, stinks that it collides with exam season. Hope to see u this summer big dog.
#MajorSalute to for including as featured artist.
Even the honorable Supreme Court has lost its favorability. I favor a few of those judges stepping down.
hope you all are having a great weekend! time to relax tomorrow, and back at it again Monday. Take care for now, and we will be posting a
btw thanks for the biz!
Thanks for following, and following you! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Not able to make the #SmashingPumpkins show tonight? I've got you covered.
Stumping around with at Don't even know if I feel like playing tonight.
Happy easter! Hope your having a good onee!(:
Well, I am only five jiggers in at this point, so the night is young.
Pay any price to stay in the presence of extraordinary people. - Mike Murdock
Goodmorning Rochester! Everyone have a FUN day! 2 days until TGIF!
watching ABDC , since i didnt watch it on wednesday .
So i pretty much just paid $120 for half my hair to fall out and to stay pretty much the same color, cool
Thanks homeboy
Freedom Mens Bfast was dope this am! Incredible theological reflections on humanity, city, and God's plan/purpose in the world
you already know :) were always there !!!
That is corrected. Enjoy your weekend
Buy!!! RT: To buy or not to buy those Jeffrey Campbell shoes
thanks dear xoxoxo
Looking to save gas?! Check out www.BeatThePump.globalgascard.com and never pay for gas again!
PE class at its finest
I live, I love, I laugh, I cry. Im not perfect. No one is, not you or I.
If I go to NIU, I bet it's nothing there for me lbs.
Change in plan--3 HOT and NEW organizing products to help you every day will now air Friday morning on NBC4 Today!
i cant wait to just drink a bottle of kinky with
Don’t worry about the hassle of skating rinks, zoos, or amusement parks. Chick-fil-A has you covered for your child’s next birthday.
New database alert: eMarketer now available through the Great for reports on online marketing, social media, & more. AWESOME!
the money i get..make a nigga rich, and make them bitch niggas sick, and make a hoe get on my dick.
let me get some then
hahaha. why is twitter trying to be a peace activist.
its a girl
I want that. I got to drink cider brewed with maple syrup tonight, but that isn't nearly the same thing...
Wait. I get a pass, right?
#ihateitwhenimdrivingand and someone passes me
Is it a Mazda? I think we had a recall on a Mazda for a tire pressure issue.
I will wear my pants up in honor
Wishing all a blessed holiday no matter how or when you may be celebrating. Remember that LOVE is the biggest gift of all!!
you are awsome, just thought I'd say that okay bye :)
we are def gonna get along lol when I drink I dont play lol
My thoughts and prayers are with your son.
I'm so cold now! Haha.
If you ain't got a dream, you ain't got nothin
I laugh when people fall down
Sad, true, hilarious RT : Vincent Jackson leaves SD. "The San Diego Chargers: We Make Them Stars, You Make Them Champions"
Apple.com - so sad
I'm about whatever, just keep me out of your drama.
Young Adult is a trite snooze feet. Best thing about it is Patton Oswalt.
That one moment when you go in youre room to get something and you foget so you walk back down stairs and then you remeber.
Appreciate the
hey sorry for multiple mass tweet. Twitter land knws all my business! Will be more like 8. Just ordered
Ok how the fuk you a nigga callin ya self a red bone wtf?
Wow, they've both been coming here for over fifty years. I should probably stop eavesdropping but I can't! Fitting thesis distraction.
Evacuate never!!
Would be thrilled to have you follow me back and see how things are rolling on my end! Much love, #DenieceWilliams !!!
Arctic marine mammals and fish populations on the rise Arctic marine mammals and fish populations are on the rise, according to a report
Will MJ have it in him to fire his guys (GM and President)? “: Bobcats fire Paul Silas.Cause,um, you know, it's all his fault
agreed. I think the best questions I've asked in interviews are v simple like: And then what happened? Notes are 4 reaction.
You mean so much more to me than you think!!:/.
T.G.I.F.! Friday, Friday, gotta get down at #Fridays! We're getting the party started with $4 #highballs, $4 Corona and MORE!
Why does the tiny baggy make us assume the pills are drugs??
oh man, what song? (;
#EllenRTme day 171 "Ambition: The world makes way for those who know where they are going," wise poster on wall!
Hearing great things about the market week preview. So happy to have everyone taking a peek at my new collection.
Great Beauty Tips: 1) Always Refer to Your Mirror!!
Its true that old habits are hard to break, but youll never be more than my most tempting mistake.
Bell needs to ring !
hi guys <3
thanks bro appreciate it
Who's excited for summer?
Really, really over the NYT stories about how a woman is "more than just a wife." Women can do things? You don't say.
RT NYC Friends: know anyone who'd be interested in working for a landscape & architecture firm as an executive assist?
Cleveland wishes You a Speedy Recovery!
Don't grind you teeth, but Thanks for the retweet! #wiunion is the winner!
Looool gay ass
I love electric guitars.
That's right, girl!
TNT sucks!
wow, nice ikon. this is old photo? new?
about to clean my room
Anything looks like ass and turtles to 16 year olds.
Wow...fog looks really pretty at night in Los Angeles...glad I'm awake to see it...\
says: San Diego should partner with the San Diego Housing Commission to help seniors with affordable housing
i use a corner of my liv rm as an office. In process of rearranging to fit small studio there. *fingers crossed!*
I'm feeling some sick TTMs this summer
Haters is what keeps us going! even though they try there hardest to bring you down.
Steve Jobs: "People who know what they’re talking about don’t need PowerPoint" bit.ly/ueG4CM RT
I was on your left to start today Would love to chat poker biz opp w/ u Msg or email if interested. GL!
Enjoying my weekend working on a rig in San Ardo for Chevron, haven't been home in a week and I'm headed offshore Tuesday.
“: Why not be great today?” all day everyday my G
Heat defense >>>
Sleepover At Grandmas This Weekend(:
Marc Jacobs should stick to Men's clothing.
‘We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself" RT if you agree
thats so awesome
Its fucced up when ur better half dont want u to succeed n dis music shit-mayb it time for her to get her fuccin mind rite
Glad I found your page!
damn I hate the one I have... Do u think I can copy your notes from last class. I was sick
It's hotter than 400 hells outside
I might be in London next summer...not far to see you TJ
Bitch please..
How does one of the best college quarterbacks of all time not even get drafted!? At least give the kid a chance! #somesignKellenMoore #
Great last throw. Wow!
The #Xavier&Cincinnati fight just shows how fundamentals are not coached for some teams, this looks terrible for the game. #2BadUcan'tFineEm
We will try and RT and pass along info from individuals as much as possible, but #CCinKC should help.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Crest Dental Pics and most oral care products.
All this talk about my Chiefs & 49ers excite me. Lets me know we're doing something right...
.watch and ,doing im what stop me make always commercials the .campaign #gotomeeting the love i
I <3 Will Ferrell. "Forget Twitter, I'm on the CB." Reminds me of hanging out in Westminster, MD back when BBSs were cool :)
send it bro
Sober Saturday morning
I Want a Whopper!!
it was so spicy my lips are swollen! That's what happens when u don't give me an option between regular &hot. What is regular..mild or med?
Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you.
Most wonderful time of the year is the two week season of dove hunting.
Like many parks and city-county offices, we will be closed on Tues, May 8th for elections!
time for another tattoo
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY to my adorable !have a good one love!
thanks bae be
“: I want to live in a place that has secret passage ways.” OMG.. ME TOO!!!
thanks! lets win this game #yanks!
I can't do it. I have to stop in the middle fo the sidewalk so I can focus on my typing. Other pedestrians love it.
That song is probably the answer to most people's emotional baggage, right?
an app called pic stitch
OMG #SomethinBoutATruck I love that << song!!!!!!:)
my girlfriend had an honors convocation thing there. SO pretty.
What are plans after #Confab12 workshops? Do we need a tweet-up? cc:
& 's tweets are hilarious!
RT : the sky has turned grey and cloudy, doesn't a half pint of Delirium Nocturnum and a comfy wingback sound relaxing? {yep!]
Yay! Ugh I'm so behind lol. Gonna be interesting to watch! Haha I'm sure not too boring.
In LITERALLY 10 days, our Facebook page has over 1,000 fans!! Every single one of you is amazing
ya totally! Are we friends on Facebook? If not... Why not?! Ha
Thank you for reairing your apology - you have shown what class is unlike others that will remain nameless!
To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men.
Oh this fight between and is getting juicy! <WeMissAustin!>
That moment when dubstep comes on and you think something is wrong with your speaker!
Holiday Gift Packs are in!!! 3 bottles of wine & a wine opener for only $99! Great idea for business gifts or anyone you want to impress!!
that's what I'm talkin bout my dude...get it in!!!
“: "Hey, it's been forever, let's chill!" "No, it's been forever for a reason."” lolololololol !!
Fantastic show tonight
When your substitute teacher is an idiot.
Every teardrop is a waterfall .... Don't go chasing them
I love you just had to get that out there (:
Thanks for being a part of our advanced screening!
I need to change my bio .
Set of ABC Pilot Americana.
Good Morning :*
Hearing you fall asleep after a goodnight are those type of nights that make me want to tuck you in and tell you I love.
And I officially get to take a car with me to school in the fall!!!! Yay
Word on the street is that might be in SD this weekend for an underground show. Anyone have any details?? #SanDiego ke$ha
Things U Don't Want to Hear on Assignment: Can U give me ballpark estimate? Can I see your passport AGAIN? This better work, Police are here
People who usually speak their minds have the most haters, because they don't try to fit in
would much rather be cuddled up in bed than at work right now
Apparently I crossed a pissy little family who thought they owned the south shore. The parents shout at me 'Jesus Christ- do you have to w
Kinda wanna cupcake.
well that was fun pretty sure I just drove through a
Many mothers can't spend Mother's Day with their kids bc their kids are incarcerated. Please help kids say Happy Mother's Day....
What it do pimp? Got new music for the town. How can i get u some of this heat playboy?
Are you ready for High School??!!
Yes, yes do it! If you decide on a style quick we can get a yeast starter going for you, we have saved a few vials.
Looking for experienced #java engineers and #flex developers for A Studio in
Today Starts A Series of Meetings With Nickelodeon ! Wish My Team And I Luck <3 ,!
Starting off the day with a session on "What's hot today in digital and new media?" w/
Rainy days always make want to cook & watch old black & white movies
oh wow, I don't remember those no. Of course the wknds, we partied much of the time, lead'g moose thru the dorm, prank'g, etc lol
yo girl what you up to?? haha
Happy National High Five Day Everybody! We would like to give a special high five to all of our amazing followers!
i saw Chronicle last weekend! loved it! looking forward to dark knight rises, avengers and spiderman so much!
thanks. I will look for those invitations. What did you think of The site? Likes? Dislikes? What can we do to improve?
If you refresh...no problems
Skills? You wanna know if I have some skills? Yeah, I got some skills...
Learn the art of appreciation. You might already possess what you're in search of
Life is a bitch So Learn how to fuck it .
i know exactly what you feel
Hate wen the voices doesn't match the people's lips on tv. Ugh.
Lol for who? the blind ;)
RT : Uncompressed HD video for healthcare needs 1.6Gbps for each stream. 3gig better #bbcsum12 where does that leave UK??
Can't decide if playing music will make me feel worse or better.
« My new song and video Stoned Love this Friday show luv to a young man»
I'll have you living life like you should You'll say you never had it so good
Just finished watching the Glee Project and now that is gone i don't want to watch. I cried when she left :(
I bet you got used to seeing those in Pittsburgh. They are everywhere!
Congrats, for being selected by NO!
Thanks so much for the shootouts
An elephant asks a camel:Why boobs on your back? Camel replied:"thats a fucking good question from someone with a dick on his face!
W00t!! Go Gavin and Karina! #DWTS is awesome on Rock Week!
"Old white dudes smoking cigars inside a church" ranks pretty high on the list of things I'll miss when I move
Spa week is still going on at JAMACHI SPA. CALL 301.585.0888 & Ask for Trina, Maku or Barbara
Hahaha, aww!! Super triple ditto!! And those are the best kind! And to be honest, I feel kinda more free now after what you said :)
That promise I made you? I'm sticking to it. I'm gonna do everything I can to prove to you that this isnt a game.
I don't think I'd be able to breathe...:')
ur right! next netbk then iphone
lol! You're always mean to me. Let me have my one day.
Attending the native American Library Convention this week and need a room? Please consider us - we have many options available.
Im so excited to do travel next year too, gonna be fun. LOL. (:
you have tiney weeners in here
My second free meal in past week thanks to Amex promotion on ! Saved $35 so far.
I can't imagine not getting on an airplane until you're in your mid thirties
Some of my fav people on tonight! :)
I hope to see all at my book signing Sunday Sept. 5th 5-7PM at the Central Florida Film Festival + see the Demo for OnlineRehabClinic.com
/: I'm still scared to tell Herr. But anyways are you going to meet the ICONic Boyz? While they're on tour?
its def not shallow... i feel like she has been pregnant for the last 2 years.
I got vio tickets to see in july ugh i cant wait . Ima be princetons first kiss lmao
Wow that guy looks like Ben Stiller.
COUNT ME AND SHAE IN
Follow Twitters Sickest Kids
I mean why is health insurance for people even up for debate? But insurance for cars and homes is required?!?!
What. RT : Gambit goes to London to c if sparks fly w love interests. Women all being murdered. Suspect: Wolverine!
theory or fact?
Thank you I may play the 2Pm Deep Stack at WSOP or may not depends on if they get a big field, I enter in level 3.
Meet the Mother Teresa of Coptic Christianity: interviews Maggie Gobran, featured at the summit:...
yayy love cheese, i could live off it
Ouch...don't ever push a lip ring into ur healed up lip piercing...it hurts
Can't sleep :(
brawl. Intense game!
Oregon now showing as highest priority in #1940census FamilySearch indexing. neat!
Shhhhh....we need the money!
Shout out to FWM team/fam
The guy in the bathroom is on the phone. Going int the 10th minute of his conversation.
I'm avoiding making a few jokes here...
what advice would you give a band trying to get out there and build a following??
Marty was forced to retire in 1983, after suffering a serious injury while chasing a drug dealer on Flatbush Avenue.
FLOP OF THE NIGHT BLAKE GRIFFIN DONT FALL WHEN YOU GET AN ARM TO THE FACE
Say WHAT?!?! Jason Statham is the man ... lol
Easy for a woman to say.
Watching the women's world cup final's come on girls go USA
why, hello!!! happy to be following you!
The classrooms of Positive Tomorrows are quiet since school end...until Summer Camp starts next week!
Ben Vershbow, to scale leveraging crowd sourcing a full time community manager is needed.
Open Saturday's at 10am and Sunday's at 9am for all of your favorite football action!
Let's try to get to 100 today! :)
Welcome to Georgetown, ! : Two words: Free
Fashion X Japan
100th follower!! grow the flow..
I'm still looking forward to that hypothetical honeymoon. "You are going to be such a ho for your husband."
SlingPlayer for Honeycomb Tablets Lands in Android Market
Todays going to be a great day! My interviews today at Nordstrom :-) Im so excited.
I'm just now catching up on #MadMen and
Miller. Duh. RT : Miller or Bud?
hello , i am doing fine .
Buyers and agents dont want to see ugly homes. Investors love houses that need repairs and updates.
Next in #mgt413caw: The Janitor, an avg-Joe hard-working, all-American, blue-collar patriot who stands up to bullies, "cleaning up scum"
Samples are gone, but the raffle is on! $100 gift card if you win!
:) well stop by anytime I'm home all this week :)
it has changed everything since we hired a graphic designer. So much better!
Ok. Just saw some guy with a hat on the Blue Line. He's going later too!!! (yes. I asked.)
is up working on #photos from the MBA BBQ.
MKZ will sit on Ford's new global mid-size platform, meaning an increase in reliability
#ideaseconomy: Stewart Brand, The Long Now Foundation: trying to get people to embrace longer-term thinking ie climate change = 100 yr prob
I didn't get any of your tweets...
Listen to your body. -MindFirstFitness
Let me get this workout started
falafel on a waffle
Fine, i'll forever be alone....again *picks up phone* i'm calling Mama Jagr
Fuck It I'll Make Life Easy & Just Erase You Out My Life!
haven't been there in forever. Still good?
Wtf 13 year old girls doing drugs?
When we forget about ourselves, we do things others will remember💜
Snoop Dog? RT“: I haven't met anyone who drinks Gin in years. What's their marketing secret?”
"I need to get rid of these eggs because if I leave them too long they are just going to turn into chickens" - Thank you
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this All those fairy tales are full of shit.
": everyone i know is secretly horny i know it damn teenagers"
“: Whoever said the chaps at the BL didn't have a sense of humor....” Brilliant BL
The Bobcats announced Paul Silas isn't returning next year. Whew, at least they found the source of all their issues.
yea man, kid can go. We are really excited about this one.
true but it's really not a big deal..lol
I love sweatpants 💜
So whenever your ready to confirm Mr. that #OBL is done off, we'll be waiting. Maybe some pics for proof?
- fastest winners & losers ever?
game 7 is gonna be crazy!
": I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. That's only because I care." I really do
quit b.s.n #follow me back!!
In Florida filming show about sea turtles. Blessed to work at #SeaWorldSanAntonio They give me opportunity to do different and fun things.
I do like these eggs and ham! Harvest a Farmers' Omelette this morning-- Two eggs w/ ham, green onions, hash browns, and American cheese!
"Hi, my name is Tristin Elizabeth and I'm addicted to Cori Sue Morris and Glee." ;) MUAGH xoxo
REALLY MIKE BROWN? THAT'S THE FUCKING GAME CHANGING PLAY YOU CHOOSE? WTF.
You'll have to tell me; haven't had it.
really? :) cathy ? Are you work or college? Nice to know you. . Very deeply, and I love that. :) ^^
San Jose airport has nothing worthwile ... Oh except for my plane home!!!
my friends and I don't call each other out of our names, we just send smiley faces :-)
Music from the MKE... is on in 10 minutes!
Don Schmincke, author of “High Altitude Leadership” & “The Code of the Executive” will be presenting @ the MD CIO Roundtable mtg. tomorrow!
maybe if you change your password? Ive never been hacked on twitter..yet!
Moving speech about #Turkistan from a #weeger at #toastmaster meeting. Research this #humanrights topic - wow!
So excited to see Hugo with !!!!
My account just tweeted a spam message I didn't write (since deleted). How did this happen? How do I prevent it?
Karaoke Tonight at Karma:)
So are we! : We're excited for at tomorrow night for Jewish singles ages 30-43. Sign-up here:...
I'm ending my work day with a sit down on the white thrown.
‎. our love is like a song ..
LOL God help me, I hope this is finally the year we find the American Idol.
I love Emma Stone.
It's actually cute when Guys get jealous.. But when Girls get jealous, OHH HELL NAAH Nigga, It's World War 3 -.-
The less you give a damn, the happier you'll be.
I am on a four hour break rt now....it is so hard going back to work after that.
of course i downloaded it!!!
as if I couldn't <3 you enough, a hot dog endorsement would blow my mind.
Ships at a distance have everymans wishes aboard.
he was in the lobby for a bit, probably saw how good i was then left lulz
Clear and chilly tonight, with lows around 30. Sunshine returns tomorrow!
I swallow juices
did you ever end up getting your iphone?
I set 17 alarms this morning and woke up on the first one
Qudditch fascinates me.
Watching #TheSmurfs always puts a smile on my face!
Ha! That sounds like something I'd do.
I love gadgets
wats good we family now let's get it
but axel released that cray statement :/ did he show up?
That's pretty sweet! Thanks.
Watching #WalkingDead & reading 's '11 annual report #PurposefulGrowth w/ zombies
Aw, I think you are great!
yay! We like excited. If you're in los angeles come meet us on saturday at ace museum
parkway slide that big over here
GOOD LUCK
So hard to read music off an iscreeny. . . #2012problems btw I write & review music online let me know about anything you do/like.
I rarely drink but thanks to our government i am driving to the liquor store.
Actually, I have no real deadline--just a sense that I should finish it by, say, tomorrowish.
Has anyone out there tried Health Month?
#JarettJack just notched his first-career triple double: 15 points, 11 assists, 10 rebounds in 30 minutes
I'm so done u have a poor attitude yu think somebody got a prob wid yo mama but its yu I'm loyal as fuck I do anything n everything I can
New paintings to be posted soon... http:/www.jarrettburch.com
it's cool. Due to my crafty phase, there are lots of those floating around.
if its even the real twitter... then yeah im cool with it.
I want my class to get close this summer; cause all we have is eachother .
hi Julie - I'm looking for a uc student or alumni cofounder to join my startup. Send me an email
UUUUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHHHH I want to make a joke that I can't make on twitter.
RT And yet we still take shots lol
Amazing time had by all at Bond's #Movie Night benefitting the #Homeless #Coach. Thanks to all who attended and contributed to its success!
#Gaithersburg #MD Sat May 12 - in #Hindi - free #meditation program & #vegetarian lunch Casey Community Center - info 240-271-8963
So I here Billy Clyde quit drinking. Gotta see it to believe it.
We're baaaacccck on Triple D this Monday Sept. 19th @ 9:30pm on the Food Network
is the top model in my books.
Every Pens fan knew Philly wouldn't make it out of the second round.
Concert as buttery as all that escargot I ingested! (I srsly had to do a butter detox.) And: Prepare the island 4 the end of May.
just won a Hop on Top bar tab at Wolski's Tavern! DM me your addy and name and we'll mail the gift certificate out! Congrats!
i love my page
#Honestly I wish I wasn't just another girl in your game.
Yeah i hope it was awkward for you
My version of "Free hugs" is a sign hung around my neck that says "Ewww, get the fuck away from me."
You guys rock! Thank you for the blasts!
i wonder if is still creeping? RT/Follow me if you are <3
Performance enhancement; Removing performance blocks; Mind skills training; Injury mgmt & personal dvpt are 4 mst common areas I work in.
I'm Italian. I love to talk even when I'm not talking. Your Ts are perfect for me. thx
FEMALES ARE SO NICE.....I WISH YOU BITCHES WAS LIKE THIS
I wish someone cared about me...
I just finished the Diablo 3 beta as the Wizard. Which one next? Found a few bugs and posted them up on the D3 forums. Looking good!!
RT If Born This Way Ball Is gonna be fucking awesome!!
I, for one, really enjoy a Gordita once and a while.
Hey steph. I finally found you on twitter.
Never think about the past it brings tears. Don't think about the future it brings fears. Live this moment with a good smile and cheers.
Fundamental basketball! Bosh
Our district is looking into adopting a new math series to align with the common core. Any districts out there decided?
#AskScandal #EdwinStarr Really??? I love it 'War, huh, what is it good for'
no problem :)
Moving AUDJPY stop to 8055 and heading to bed.
Debating which was creepier, Quantum Leap or Highway to Heaven. Opinions?
I just deleted my MySpace account. Why did I still have one?
.. Skin Revival Facial Toners (4 dry skin), Skin Balancing Cleansing Leaves, & a few new scents of Aloe Whip Body Butter.
"God didn't judge me...He changed me" Dorothy Moore
... Yea, I will :P . Just like the 41-3 loss to San Diego lol. Those losses stay with you for a while, but I put it past me :P
MTA board awards CRA/LA 6 grants today totaling $11.5 million, including expansion of ExperienceLA.com, bike hubs on new Expo line.
I'm gonna eat lighting and I'm gonna Crap thunda!!!!! Bring on the tornadoes I'll just turn em into tornadHOES!!! Get it?
sounds great. i'll ping you tomorrow!
"Economic Warfare" - The concept of adopting hazardous economic measures (overextension of credit) in generous economics (generous housing).
We're lacking in @ mentions! Who wants to talk to us???
Denver Manager of Safety Alex Martinez via Met Judge Martinez tonight Denver PD is fortunate to have him as Manager of Safety!
Well, yesterday was Community Manager appreciation day, so I celebrated of course.
I wonder if gave Austin birthday punches
t RT thanks for the follow! Love what you're doing!! Keep it up! Next time I'm in LA I'd love to stop in.
Juvinal Transcendent. Something hilarious to consume the mind. A focus on the immediate. An honest horror. A liberator. I need something new
u need Ginger Lemon tea! It will help Big time! Grate 3 tsp of fresh ginger, steep in 1 cup boiling water add lemon and honey.
RT Cant sleep
I did, it said it was a disconnected number.
At least on the warehouse.
MT Ignore factual jobs numbers today, please pay attention to my stunt yesterday instead
That was a GREAT moment, wasn't it!
And then there's that next door neighbor thing...
Congrats on 3 years Amy!
Ahh I guess...
Betty White's Off Her Rocker is some hilarious stuff!
If you can not solve it, it isn't a problem... It's reality
Roberto Capucci at the Philadelphia Museum of Art is very inspirational. Well worth seeing!!!
new profile pic!? Someone is fancy. Oh la la
will b rockin the mic for game tonight with my radio station!!! come out and support!!!
- it is regoddamndonkulous.
its still time to "bite" on Apple? was underwhelmed by their dividend though.
I use to be a used to
... and we enjoyed seeing you. Good update.
Always someone doing unnecessary bs
#wiw11 Fmr Chilean President Michelle Bachelet: Women's issues are not just women issues. Women issues are the whole society's.
We are presenting tomorrow in front of the Allocations Committee for the Town of #PalmBeach #UnitedWay. Wish us #luck!
Phillip and Joshua Swinging in the back made me pee in my pants
I hope the beast reference is for #Fridaythe13th and not me ;)
Hello Minneapolis St. Paul. I wish I could stay for dinner. Just passing through. Ristorante de Luci
Enjoying watching Fred Klapetzky speaking on how to get Sr. Leaders involved in business continuity...
Thanks yobitv for all that you have done for me!!!
#FF Follow and her amazing team of solution creators!
That was filmed at Stapleton. Not at DIA.
Just woke up from unintended but more than welcome nap :-)
If you are an artist looking to showcase your music and or poetry or know someone who is, I am starting an internet radio station.
Started volunteering at the Onondaga Historical Society today... Yay 6 years of school
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local shows.
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all. - Dwight Eisenhower
Wait, native american & black but looks mexican?! Ojaghkjfgakjnf......
My nook I got isn't working. I'd talked to customer service; they informed to get a new one. So tomorrow a trip to BN!!
"Sounds like someone's got encephalitis of the vocabulary!" ~If I could heckle myself
Christ, I didn't even know about Kred. Now I really need to step up my game!
Upload beautiful art work and get paid for your creations...www.whoorli.com
After a long day of meetings on our way to the Old Globe !Viva El Teatro! cocktail reception! A fun Hispanic night of theater and wine!
play at Tri-City tonight, hear how feels about playing in their barn :30
I called u hoe! Lol I'm bout to text u
loving all of the surprises latelY:)
Walmart earns $200,000 per employee. Amazon earns $1,000,000 per employee. It's not technology but business processes. Wow
I wish schools had an ALL YOU CAN EAT buffet! ^_^
you clearly have diabetes and high blood pressure will be $500
Take a break from the B-ball for a bit and join #MischaMachez today at Puck in Doylestown for live jazz and painting, 6-10pm
- exhausted but so freaking grateful to God, friends, family, - our little tiger girl is so awesome!
Any plans on coming to San Francisco sometime soon? We pretty much <3 you so hard.
Agreed! "see friendship" option would be very useful here :) You had specifically said "tell me more"
I don't mean to keep harping on the Elsevier thing, & it's not really related to #rwa, but the irony of this is unfortunate... [1/3]
Follow me? Please :)
This should be blueprint for all communities to collaborate and work together to promote awareness and education! Great job!
I love how Peyton is making a music videos for all the new songs but sometimes I just miss the boy who would sit in his room and record them
Been meaning to tell u. Couldnt get a flight that landed after 5PM, I arrive @ 2:30PM. I'll mill around until u get off. lol
Celts are basically Rondo & Allen right now.
u got stuck in the bathroom
Hey MB,ThxFtF! Check out our show at Plush-March 22-with #SheilaShahpari,#SuzieCue and #LangenNeubacher! Rockin' good news!
We are so thankful for your work in preserving and reviving this history.
#Boom, first day of #insanity workout complete! Thanks for the hook up!
Thanks for the feedback! Just trying out some new logos to see how they look.
Packing is hard when u dont know what exactly ur going to wear
Great day of strength and conditioning. The guys really got after and got better today.
good news is they will have copies waiting for us at will call 90 minutes before the show.
i think i'll never live that down
Dont make me fall for you even though your not going to catch me, but now its too late, I fell & hit the floor really hard.
Hunger is the best sauce. Sushi sounds good eh??
#DECEMBER: it's raining when it should be snowing. we're drinking G&T's when we should be drinking
Instead of your business address, you can show your service area with Google Places.
I had to watch it......SMH
Mitchell Johnson: &quot;Are You Going With Me?&quot; - Huffington Post (blog)
hey these random shirts you have, do they follow the old female sizes or the new ones?
Surprised you guys can still talk after that powerhouse performance!
Back home. I had a great time with my family!
Atari is hoping to get back into the gaming industry with updated versions of its classics for iPads, iPhones, etc. Really?
I need a hologram of "me just not giving a fuck".
Hang in there!
damn not going to sleep just watch kitties!
naw its too small its coo...fillin up 2x's over here
thanks now I'm 😃
Well see you have your priorities straight freshness trumps all lol Beautiful Pic :)
Best thing about Summer Classes in the UNLV First Session? Quiet ass campus!! Second Best thing? Easy Parking lol
In the bedroom, It takes a whole lotta woman to keep an #Aries man satisfied.
waiting for them to tax my vag.
I wanna live 'til I die, no more, no less. - Eddie Izzard
Life's such as music; it's got to be composed by ear, feeling, and impulse, not by rule.
I am in the same situation right now. Haha i'll get up eventually.
Ship Breaker by ! Also good on audio read by
Isn't it time you step up and take control of your life? Coach Terry
I spy and ahead of me in the cattle herding process that is #SXSW badge pickup.
Lovig Jennifer Lopez Makeup #Oscar Red Carpet.
i really hate websites that look like raves. Leave the glow sticks at home, boys and girls.
Thanks for all the years of support you've given us! We appreciate it!
Mitt's economic plan would be a serious Bain in the neck the poor and the middle class.
Had fun at the party!
are you talking about that porn you made, "Tosh Spice Gets Ripped" because that I really wanna see.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Usual pains starts from too much stress. You might as well buy some neck pillows to make your rest comfortable :-) Try C-zen
"Bowie's in SPACE!"
you gotta get up to "the humpty dance"
what's your question? :)
oh its not tonight? Ops! LMAO Okay, I got you, that just means I have more time to prepare!
Think people make a big deal bout Eli's INTs last yr- Brees had 22"Inconsistency?Love Kurt but Eli is a HOFplayer
hahaha yeah I'm sure that's how it happened..
Marissa, let's discuss a partnership opportunity for my client, Stetson. Call me 303-625-1070.
The one where you're in a doorless helicopter, among the clouds, looking at a guy on the ground taking pictures of the sky.
If happy little bluebirds fly beyond the rainbow, why, oh why can't I?
Gaaahh too much work. After Wednesday I'll be a free bird
Check out my youtube videos!
i need new pants
That awkward moment you hear a mom tell there son to you and she starts giving good pick up lines to him to say... #Hahaha xD
Watching Billboard Awards... The guy from Hangover II sings better than Rihanna and Brittany!!
lol well mrs. GROWN sit by me tomorrow!
If you are a #BELIEBER you can bet I will follow you back!
I'm not going to sleep till dms me back! <3
& would be veddy good boyfriends (:
May 31 and June 1 have been scheduled as makeup days. I suspect June 2 will be 2. Should just give up P-Day as a makeup day
Gonna go pick up my engagement ring.
Want to follow more One Direction accounts. Anyone know any good ones? (:
well...we r all family
Time to pull out the sweaters and coats, I need a winter home somewhere where it's warm!
#10FactsAboutMe 9) The day I say "I Love You" to a girl I'm dating, I'm probably going to marry her. I don't plan on getting married.
had a nice run and now girls night!
Lance McAllister of ESPN1530 and 700WLW in Cincinnati is on with the Bluegrass Breakdown now talking Reds! Listen on 1450am or stream...
Amen, Glenn! What can a record do? Describe material so you can find it, then determine if you even want it.
Great my night is ruined :/
You are my sweetest mother and I breathe and live only with you and for you dear I love you very much!
Richmond League of Women Voters is sponsoring a workshop on Bill Tracking , Saturday, February 20th in Richmond, VA. Call 270-9578, x235.
Roddy White is very underrated. What does he have to do to crack people's top 2-5 WR?
RT : RT : #TWITTERTHURSDAYS official ATL Twerk team at endless music.. Be there or stay square
Were both parties for you?! #impressed. RT 2 surprise parties in a week #I'vedoubledmyyearquota
Hey, whats up kinda bored Pc4pc would be kinda nice about now.
listening to me and jeehan...? hahahahaha
Happy Valentines Day!!! <3
Ever since Thursday
: also, send me your March blogger's pick. Newsletter is better late than never. (P.S. Did I hear GIRLS?)
Oh hey there stranger! How have you been?!
Smokin the ganga outside your job while the police is inside your job?... Priceless
Seriously. This is ridiculous.
To the tone deaf woman next to me. Stop! Please stop.
I was there briefly. Had to head home.
I was there for you.... Member that?
a bitch trying to get there! I freakin missed you ass nigga lol
Has anyone purchased The Ring (remake) on Blu? Worth it?
Would u really b ok with the #DMV being in charge @ ur Dr. Office? That's the idea of
If you have an event and you want live music. Put it in the budget or ask high school kids. Musicians have to eat.
You guys are champs. Thanks for making a challenging season fun. Always a great listen.
Sellin drugs in ya school zone
What is the most important thing you can tell a child to prepare them for their future?
KRoyRN Hey lets go Wed! I get paid tomorrow plus its half off sushi and wine at stir fry! Can you do that?!
watching, and loving the
glad you came to #CedarPoint. Hope you had fun and come back with us next year.
Carrying around the one man production and post production studio around all the time gets old and awkward
Thanks for the comment back! Check us out when you have a second. Thanks
I don't text people first.
Suprisingly having a good start to monday...uh-oh, there's def somethin up
College: Colo. St. players suspended amid police probe Three Colorado State University football players have been suspended as police in
#Procrastination has diff causes: fear, boredom, perfectionism, overwhelming task & unclear goals. Identify the reason for procrastination.
12 hours later and my paper's almost done. Only the conclusion left to write!
#FF the whip-smart T'ster , who, come Monday, will be at ! Good luck, Sarah! We'll miss you!
dude you're fucking amazing!
missed u tonight! DCM Live wasnt the same without u. Hope u feel better! :)
Back to work today. Blehhh
hey how are you?
Turning off this Mavs blowout to go watch the midnight showing off The Avengers.
College students don't use landlines because its a extra expense to hook it up. Were generation on the go.
That song always gets me pumped!
get at me whenever u feel like it just want to say hello or cumin thru holla
what how? -.- I'm feel pretty good bro u looked like u were abouts to pass out so I think the one trippin was u! lol
lmfao that would definitely suck
Dats a bet my g.lookin forward to networking wit u
In this case, it must have been breakfast. It was at 8:30 this morning.
Update - utility repair guy also wearing utilikilt. Sadly, no top hat.
I don't know. They make up shit :/
A few Days Left....
Happy to see the pick up in the first round!
nothing. Hows school going?
my name in some shit you saying and you want me to treat like a friend? Seriously let's be logical.
I'll be there around 7 for some food!
#FF My online Sisters love them x
humidifier? And some white noise?
mission-us.org!
Can you give me my money back? I dont think I will ever be receiving my purchase from
You are desperate as fuuuuuuu.
I'm a bad man and u can be my bad girl any day of the week baby! Love you!!!
Review: This is SUCH a good read, top notch New Yorker quality writing and a story that keeps evolving, keeps me guessing and smiling.
CHECK OUT MY ICE I'M SO ICEEEEEEYYYY ...MY WATCH SO BRIGHT IT'S A BREITLIIIIIIIIIIING!!!!! -- MY LIFE
Keep reading scripture. It will never fail, it will never misdirect you, it will only prosper your life and show you more about God.
Almost had a threesome last night….just needed two more people.
Oh like you fools didn't know. Piccolo is ride or die.
your the coolest loser i know. hahaha you watch meganheartsmakeup? love her! hannah can we just move to america?
haters lookin at me sideways
Creating exceptional brand experiences
Want to make your voice heard to the School Board? Come on down to Central Services on Vliet St. tonight!
i wonder what happen to daniel and oomf lol
Today was a great day!! :)
Pissed off like there's no tomorrow!
the world needs more people like us whiteners. its a safer overall better place that way.
They're ranking the Boston teams 1-4 based on "who has the most heart." Now I remember why I never listen to sports radio.
welcome to the club!!!
Had the most perfect dinner with my love, met some of my fantastic co-workers, and now to end the night with a glass of wine ❤
I love for engaging me in a late night discussion on Dissociative Identity Disorder.
Thunder and lightning in the bay, a rarity. So invigorating!
our surfing dates can be you teaching me how to surf :3
Ok now I want to have a Psych marathon. All I need are 3 or 4 more seasons...I think
The Beatles' White Album jigsaw puzzle I just saw at Barnes and Noble seems rather sadistic.
how big is your purse?
#nccetl celebrate students' work/ broadcast it
5/20 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Jim Mendrinos
wow okay, do I hear bitter over here? ;)
When a kid puts a beer chuger in his mouth you know hes going to be a baddass.
#LoveYew =) and ps .... i'm ALWAYS right xo
don't have to be (to cover legit privacy issues) but generally should be.
I'm so sorry Sister😔. I'm just letting you know I'm here for you no matter WHAT🙅
#Salsa Night !! 8pm Newcomer, Intermediate and Advance classes. See you tonight!
as long as I can utter an occasional "fuck" on the patio, then whenever schedules it :)
your crazy, lol
it is what it is
Thank you (still getting this tweeting stuff a month later) will keep u posted. Congrats on new agent, let me no about show
"Your domain, your rules."
Thanks for spreading the word!
Born Wild gorilla babies PBS
The whole world needs prayer.
Wow really ur gonna actually lift a finger and clean now that I'm moving out? ha ha
We're always here to help, let us know if you have any other questions about the sit-n-stand!
Unfortunately, we are not having a virtual component this year, but will post session materials on the conference website.
why must i get disrespected everyday of my life?
and ravens are gonna challenge catch after that helmet hit........smdh :/
you're welcome! RT : This bitch convinced me to do karaoke. Now i'm hooked
I knew you'd dig it :] we are going to start playing shows and parties in the Vegas area soon.
she is amazing! Toughest person I know
IT'S PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!
Best #pirates win of the year...yet Capps blew another save.
Just a writer's curiosity my friends, how many of you have to-do-lists hanging around with items that you've abandoned on them?
