what you on about :')?
It's been real #sxsw ...now I'm going to go sleep for two days and blog
Im church enjoying myself
What theme are you used to? That sounds like the one I knew.
sorry I had to re-read that opss ha
cause it looks weird bro come on!!
woops that link looks off. you'll figure it out. xo.
I was Enchanted to meet you
Jury seated. Both sides rest and close. Judge Skinner reading jury charge. Each side should get 30 minutes for closing arguments.
happy new year hun
needs to stop texting so we can practice!
He is a Jack
Actually really happy for early game 7 Sunday, I'll be down in CA for a wedding on Sunday but wedding doesn't start til 4.
Legit. Come'n git it. My kitchen (and I) will welcome you with open arms any time.
10% - DAY ONE
The Brazilian women are tall but the Dominican ladies are athletic. Who to root for? Heck, they are all beautiful.
Then don't leave it!
I misses you.
team on 175 to SEA rocks!! Thx Kris for giving me your seat w/ the TV!!!Hope someone does something nice for you today!
The downside to letting the yorkies sleep in my bed is that when I wake up sweating, I smell distinctly of dog.
ewww Keisha Cole gross that's like watching someone pick their nose lol jk
You Should Know Why..I've Been Trying All Day And He Still Never Talks Back!!!
just got out of class (/e.e)/
And look at how last season turned out...oh wait...
Indeed! RT : Lobster Mac & Cheese, short ribs, chicken pot pie, chix & waffles. Good American staples.
Every morning I ponder the creative process behind Lazy Town. Why is one kid real and the rest plastic???
that is so awesome, congrats!
Well 3 of 4 isn't bad only Boston wining series not happy, they'll get theirs in next round. Now series to watch vs. 4sur
Whose surprise that the clippers losing? I'm not they are who I thought they were lob city a.k.a highlight team
Checking out the mobile digital storytelling session at
alright we should!(: and love you too girl! (: and yea ill text you(:
Was really hoping unemployment rate wouldn't go up!
not funny
sad face. I just checked TWC. Seems to be working.
I want a root beer float more than I've ever wanted anything else.
you wanna fight? you're askin for it!!! ;)
You're quite welcome. Hope we get to work together sometime!
Next season, there will be another team with black and white in their color scheme!
Stop by and try our Colts Blue Lemonade today! Get a free large with any purchase!
I'm stuck walkIng home with no shoes because my sister is too scared to take the bus. UUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!
It's been a really hard day
uhuh, and i followed you btw [:
Lots of good music in the city! Chicago's got it goin on!
yeah heck with those fake followers
really glad you're real.
ill say till you reach puberty
My luxury brand followers are pretty quiet today - I need something/one to make fun of! Quick, someone tweet about a yacht sale.
There are 3 levels of ignorance: 1st-We do not know the answer. 2nd-We do not know the question. 3rd-We do not know that there are questions
The SF Participatory Archives Group is inspecting and prepping 8mm film for scanning at a fast clip. Really amazing group of people.
I will, I'm clearing that day for your parrtaaaaaay .
It is rather odd to be followed by a #beerfest! is on! July 28th in Erie!
RT : "You can not script, hypnotize, or command relationships"
First Susan Boyle, now this!
What dates, my friend?
Help me choose a new background for my twitter page
no problem, it's easy when it's a great song! I'd like to interview sometime, gimme a call 502-875-4040
Four of my favorite things... George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon and vodka!
and i are so f-ing pumped for to play a kick ass show!!!
Feels so very alive, after that thorough workout.
All dressed up for prom...then--oops-watch what happens next on Thanks to producers and
i love when people act different cause their bf is around, not
And then in 2010 when he had the chance, he had one of his cold streaks which hurt.
I uh smell a winner already.... Js.
Cannot believe its friday already!!!
Don't forget about solid Ts & Cs with your mobile apps.
Shout to One of the Baddest Bass Players in the USA and a friend!
The first time my friend showed me twitter the first thing I thought was ofcourse hes gorgeous hes Australian.
oh shit my prof is sitting next to me for the guest speaker… guess i won't be on Facebook today ahaha
Are the HDR Course apps of use if I have your book?
OMG yes. Need to fix that ASAP.
Anyone have an mp3 of the "show me what you got " tune from the #DiscountDoubleCheck boombox? U know what I'm talkin about!
Watching Richie rich
#thatcamp discussion on sustainable conference swag.
So far I only have 2 ladies planning on going tomorrow. Lets please go to this show even for a little while.
lkasdfjasdlkf CANT. WAIT. OMG.
Having so much fun teaching, great vibe of my singers, great results, just loving to develop artists!!
I'm amazed I'm not that tired after getting 4 1/2 hours of sleep. I'm a little disappointed in the outcome still, but am so proud.
See you at the Washington Cincinnati game tomorrow
Hi. I know the complete history of our language. I will never use this information. Ever. But it's still interesting. I<3college.
its ok baby *pats yo weave*
ok facebook family- I'm curious.. what's in your cd player/iPod right now.....
AREN'T OCCUPY FOLKS JUST A WEE EMBARRASSED SHOUTING OUT LUCY PARSONS AFTER NEVER ONCE ADDRESSING SETTLER COLONIALISM?
"Mind in one place. Heart in another." Drizzy
I think the same exact thing every time I go in there!
I mean, you're kinda dating a nerdy guy so it only makes sense. <3
The film is a good debut with a good lead performance ... and that's all
Agrees w Joan Walsh from salon.com -- The safety net is not a hammock.
Im a winner... But when coke comes out of your nose the only word you can say is ouch
Trying to give a ditzy girl directions👩🔫
Love workin !! Where education and experience makes a sound difference!!
I like conversations where I don’t have to think about what to say, it just comes naturally...
you are amazing and i love im happy we will see each other tomorrow !
No one guy can works the boards/cycle make amazing passes and score the goal. The team overall wasn't working together.
The Silk Tie likes TJ! The mayor of simpleton is always welcomed by the mayor of ties to thesilktie.com
#RandomRedSox Caesar Crespo
Charrette days are my favorite days. Improvised sustainable design! My worlds collide on these days.
Friends are family you choose
I hear we have mutual friends! Hopefully we can meet soon. :)
oh,when it will be finished ? :)
Alright, how do you kill the skeleton king in #diablo beta
i agree 100%
Anywho about to lay it down hopefully I can sleep peacefully never mind I'm sleeping wit pune lol
A world famous motivator! Thanks for the follow. We look forward to your posts. -- Jo
I guess middle dynastic period Egyptian youths were into hanging out and drinking in marsh thickets? Sort of makes sense.
...the crew sent a poem by Pablo Neruda to Brooke. Couse they know she loves it.They are now fighting against the elements
I would love a tool that tells you if you're using a certain word too much in an essay. Does anything like that exist?
at a2 international education fair (Sheraton hotel, Ankara, 1pm-6pm) talking about #udel Intensive English Program at the ELI.
You know what also caches ... tweets in HootSuite. ;)
MTV did so well with - plot, character dynamics, teen scenarios. I <3 this show because I appreciate the work that went into it!
Judge asking if the goal is to align primaries, why not run candidates as Republicans?
Ok, I can see how people can get into #thevoice. I dig.
I'm sad and angry and i just want to go home and lay in bed and #sleepforever and
Rob Lowe announced Peyton Manning's retirement and now a rapper is saying Eddie Murphy is dead. Twitter may be the downfall of society.
Starting in March we are open on Sundays...relax with us.
Did you know a Rock Star is neither a rock nor a star. It's a greasy guy who loves leather pants and cocaine
love that last tweet!! #followme :)
Gin cocktail, soup and oyster appetizer Jim, super staff.
Forgot to mention tomorrow! Lucky me. So many awesome events in
Pain is how you know for sure you are really alive.
I hate you on the weekends I hate you at night during the day I hate you now all week I hate you forever, so STFU AND get away!
Looking for an #apartment in #Chicago or know someone who is? Follow us on #Twitter to see more!!!
RT In Houston, there is always ample parking under the trees at sunset. Where a 1000 grackles will shit on your car. [#HIWI]
Truth is the first casualty in any war.
im glad i didnt have no reading homework !!!
He's either ahead of schedule or retiring, what's the deal?
Retreat in 1 day!!!
feelin like a spy hiding my fries from this library lady #MYOB!
It's so hard to read the draft when you sit at pick #25... Can't wait for the #NFLdraft to find out who the #Broncos take! DT, CB, RB?
You are blessed I wish my Grams was still here!!
ya looks like a stoopid version of tansformers
at home , eatin
books, but if there's an app I may as well quit work and become a shut-in immediately
Listen, Share... Spread it like butter
think about latenight?
" Real friends reach out and help each other in their time of need. At least that's what I hear"
HA! Yeah, lets go with that!
that's a trick they use to have you spend more money b/c once they see your DL,they realize you are a long way from home
Everyone says buying your first apartment makes you feel like an adult.What no one mentionsisthat sellingitturnsyou right back into a child.
I have never wanted a puppy as much as I want one right now.
never thought I would ever ROOT for Indiana in anything but lets goo!
Before the tongue can speak, it must have lost the power to wound. Peace Pilgrim
Goodness I love my coworkers <3
Thanks to for bringing live fireworks coverage to those who couldn't stay out until midnight
I agree about DrawSomething. Contemplating deleting. I don't think it will happen with Instragram.
No sleep from last night + Sleeping all day today = Nocturnal Camila.
Love my team.
Now that I feel better, barfing at Spago was really an incredible way to mark the coming changes in my life.
If it was up to me, there would be no such thing as cancer.
Cont-courses consist of Dell's SM principles, policy, tone and an "elective" employees can choose between twitter, fbook etc cc:
follow me? (; make my dream come true
better check that. Football team just out scored the hoops team.
lets hope that goes as well as this weekend!
love you too.
Happy birthday to (:
Rob feels differently about that...
Getting some errands and chores done while I puzzle out next few pages in script.
yo peeps the phone is off till tomarrow i might get uh new number
Thanks for the mention Happy Thanksgiving to you too!
I'm black, mexican & white.
The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act
BETTY WHITE! FTW!
Ed Burns is the world's luckiest guy
I hate the trend of posting audiovisual recordings in lieu of written minutes. Very hard & slow to find the relevant section.
good luck tomorrow
So excited to finally be one of the cool kids with an iPad!
Sure hope there's breakfast at this thing. Yayyy maps!
Well deserved award for RT : Thunder's James Harden wins NBA Sixth Man Award.
if a newbie website you visited has cool stuff, but their online store is broken would you go back to try again?
Why wait another minute for something we shoulda done yesterday ♡
won't let me party up or join friend's mw2 lobby...any suggestions?
Pffft! WHAT ABOUT ALL OF THE RUNNING?! :)
Ba-ba Black sheep have you any wool/ or yarn or cotton or leotards no bull/ fine figures in garments spillin soy in Nobu/ .
I CANT RETWEET OR REPLY SHIT
Bobby ryan to the bruins???
I will always love no matter where life takes me<3
Part 1 of 3: Power panel @ #BAsummit2011 on adoption of Business Intelligence (BI): 1: Gain buy-in / confidence among BU leaders on the data
I figured that's how it would be, but it's alright. We shall find something to do!
I would play it on th PS3 but they don't offer the first mass effect on it. I gotta finish what I started!
haha, if only I had a cajon!
love how the gay box has a little mouth
I will be at #edcampct again this year - just need to mark my calendar!
Will we find at SXSW next week? If so, will buy the first round.
Is anyone else freaked out by similarities between Iceland volcano and Life As We Knew It? Would be a good current events booktalk now.
when are you in SF ?
Hey, I'm not really sure who to ask, but I was wondering if anyone would be able to help me weld an ikea leg.
I feel like I'm all alone smh & I'm in a room full of people
Jealous?! Yeah right! He's with me cuddling right now! #Cheater (;
lmfao ahh bestfriend WERE SO GUNNA BE AT THE BEACH EVERY DAY WITH YOU KNOW WHO! 💜
Mike's harder lemonade in happy flavors yeilds 8% inebriation.
Today is the day Jesus was born and rides in a sleigh around the world to deliver presents to sinners, yes? I was always confused with Xmas
yes! Thank you.
can I have the Louis picture too?
Starting Oct. 16 you can also see California craft at Mingei's new exhibition SAN DIEGO'S CRAFT REVOLUTION.
I like David Archuleta's version better
yyaayy!! Just one will do!! Lol hope things are good girl..we're about 22 soon!! Ayy May bdays
Via : Do More Jobs Mean More Government Spending?
U mean those poor people R missin th #JobSpeach? :)
Where you staying at now?
What's up Valentine ! Thanks for the RT... always appreciated. Enjoy your week. ;D
Half day of school tomorrow..
Looks like Candy Land. You never out grow that game :)
thanks D for the Hook-up! Crazy to see u rock out after almost 20 years.
S/O to , she bad & A Stranger.. everyone Follow her
I love the smell of gasoline ⛽
Did you look at dotProject?
Just went to the Grand Ole Opry - what an amazing night! I don't follow country, but they were awesome & the production was unbelievable!
#c2css12 Dr. Hoss predicts that the "feds" will mandate online student verification via cameras. Will be an INTERESTING panel this afternoon
'Think in the morning, act in the noon, read in the evening, and sleep at night.' - Poet William Blake
People that get super defensive for no reason..gtfo.
congrats dear!!! We are At 34 days today!! 12/17/11 Who's counting? Let me know if you need any tips!!:)
no cupcake last night, more like very early this morning.
I hate who I was two years ago. I hurt people who are actually better than the ones I was trying to impress. I can't take this one back.
Law N' Order, on right now - it's all about the failure of the soda tax to pass last spring. Tune in now!
Three Krispy Kreme donuts before bed=better than taking your vitamins
jeepers creepers where'd you get those peepers
haha for sure!
SHOUT! A LITTLE BIT LOUDER NOW! SHOUT!
The fantasy football season is almost at an end and that means I get to hibernate for two months. Sorry, ESPN, I love you, but me sleepy.
The CONSOL Energy Center Scoreboard weighs 35 tons.
And.... I'm stranded in motor city
it be like that ALL the time!!lol
We thought you and played great! RT “: They probably saw my performance at the media game.”
you have a funny picture of who?
yes! We were trying to figure out if it was our tv!
Since i cant go to aquatica tomorrow i should be allowed to go to Disney :) who wants in? Lol
i got workouts today >>>>>
#Pinterest is the squirrel of all social media sites. Thanks
Being crazy is the only thing that gets me though the day<3.
Night :) RT goodnight (:
I'm going to miss this show...
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!📱
Where do students learn information literacy?
This week as been interesting if anything
really need to start writing that that english paper....hm
I knew it hehe. And what did he say?? :D
Wow #Huskies. Just embarassing.
Hearing on a bit of a rant about cyberpunk as influencial on fiction and technology. Premise: Get a life.
JULIO THE OCTOPUS JUST GOT DISSED!!!
Come celebrate bday tonight at Le Bain. She's my favoritie person in the entire world. Sorry guys!
yeah I just haven't been on it in like forever!
Done with broken people.
ha you know how we roll.
sometime the people you love are crazy.
Cartiea has no self respect.
Goodnight Twitter!
Lets Join Forces We've Got Our  & 
Why do I feel like it's FRIDAY?? #reorganizingbrain4Thursday<Why not re-organize the calendar instead?
Omfg I'm in so much pain
Stat of the night: Doug Collins hasn't won a playoff series since 1989. Really?
Print technology today IS digital - Katherine Hayles #unbound best line of whole symposium.
Thanks for your tech savvy tweets. Can't wait for your book!
Donor ownership more relevant than loyalty
I have a size 15 but that's going to my friends athlete friend
thanks! I really hope so!
Find out what the lady has done in "Woman on The Run," opening Thursday, 7 pm. Artist talk followed by food and cash bar.
Is Tuberville trying to let #OU back in this game?
yes, are you going to the games?
Good morning & thank you! #RTsuperstars ~~~>
Chiefs sign ex-Jets DE Pitoitua (The Associated Press)
haha , its still good.
Thank you! They definitely helped thanks:) Well..its not the sort of thing that gets better, but keep her in your prayers that
Not yet.But I am looking for people to help me get my career started.Also,I do have a friend who is making a beat for me.
SUBWAY for late lunch ... again....
dee/dee where are you
Look it up! It's a small turtle that lives American rivers, streams, and ponds. Get your mind out the gutter! ;)
plsss follow me :D I love your singing and I love you <3
Not feel proud of myself right now, so I'm going to compensate by doing a hard core workout in 5,4,3,2,1...later.
#Feltdown is trending on twitter in PDX tnite. It was crazy to see so many facepalmings in unison.
My mom hid the heavy pain killers from me so I could try to go to school tomorrow. Yay..
Funny enough, she's a Rays fan (from Jax), but not a die hard. I will have her in pinstripes soon enough!
Well. That was dismal.
Sittin in boring history one more class period to go the I go home :)
Thanks for the follow. What sort of riding do you do. I'm here in the center of the horse univerce and used to show a lot.
u know it
GOP lemmings. First the crackpot, then the dolt, then the molester, now the egomaniacal philanderer. Don't they have to take the mormon!
I keep complaining , lol I have a right ... stuck here on mothers day .
ck out They, Who Sound (Houston's weekly series for experimental sound/ improvised music/ free jazz/...
Just the comment I made about kissing Jeanne Coopers feet. XXOO
"I LOVE YOU" IS 8 WORDS, WELL SO IS "BULLSHIT" SEAUX
Guy in the apple store buying a $2000 imac with an #iamthe99% button on his hat. And you wonder why no one took you seriously....
thanks. Happy fatherhood. :)
2500 miles away from home but we are thrilled to be coming!
Richie Farmer stole millions from taxpayers. Asked to comment, Barack Obama said: "I don't know him, but I like him already"
he is very much a goof.
Personally I think we should give #abed its own night once ea month to feature local Alberta CN Ed
okay. We should do the mall one day maybe? Noah and me and you and brend or Rj!
Need to get it together
Florida&#39;s Top 3 Swimming Holes of Summer 2012
that made no sense whatsoever
We're always at your service and are happy to answer any questions you may have. Good luck!
working on set designs and presentation graphics for
So excited for Mad Men!!! I cant wait!!!
time will tell we will see
will do CONGRATS!
You never fail until you stop trying.
I just made some chocolate vanilla swirl cookies, maybe you could use those..
Wow I lost 2 "likes" :(
I CAN'T BREATHE!!!!
My dude is still to real for y'all boys
A city mourns. RT : Also, we are not being cancelled.
You've gotta love the shopping experience at What a great concept!
so proud of you! ! I miss you so much but I love that I get to see how good you're doing via fb/ twit/insty <3 keep it up xox
Let your soul gravitate to the love.
TONIGHT & the Underdawgs at at 11p and you might with a free signed Shamarr #JazzFest poster!
So before you all start trading away the #Blackhawks all-stars, take a deep breath and blame the team as a whole.
Confession: I have never used #Outlook. Setting it up today for hubby. EEk.
#Shootingstar is beyond perfection <3 I can't wait for summer!!!
no additional session to replace Hillary
this morning's press conference about our new website went great! check out www.getbettermaine.org!
is that a new movement you're trying to start? :)
Andea: I think everyone had a good weekend? (: Me: hell yeah! Heather: FUCK YOU GUYS!!!
Thank you for your support!!
visiting or moving?
|_|!+! SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Fair enough, lol! To be honest, 3rd was what everyone was fighting for (Ars, Che, Tott, Liv) at the start of the season :-)
i played it!!! way better than nascar.
What happened that got us to where we are now?
#Workaholics makes me feel normal.
Correction: Baltimore (not Toronto). Camden Yards is a sad scene tonight...
": sup Biv!! What I do???>Yeah Ha u Knw whn Im Mad Baby Lol Come on S.Carter The Follow Baby wht Happen on the
Correction: in NC, you can still marry your gay cousin, as long as you're not of the same sex. Closeted misery is still constitutional.
Myspace whata waste of time that was.
We would LOVE to see pictures of your AMAYAS hard at work today!
I so tried, but she was very nervous, and I didn't want to upset her further.
ALL Mothers are the predominant driving force in Males lives, be it good or bad
Er this is what happens when you spoil me
Move back to Alaska beeeiiiitch!
I miss you boy! After you finish this tour you best be touring again in the fall ;)
oven= tanning bed. fullbody paint=spray tan
My Electric Blue Dempsey pair is finaly laying eggs....
Finally back to sunshine in SD!
im gonna marry the night ❤
College: Muhammad impresses as West wins McDonald's Shabazz Muhammad scored 21 points, Rasheed Sulaimon added 18 and the West beat the E
: great to see in Philly! Philly's - founder and CEO, looking forward to catching a ride soon!
Waiting at JFK airport for the Трансаэро counter to open. Meanwhile, the Air Jamaica line is every stereotype about that place. Ever.
Thanks for the RTs! Comments have been fascinating.
Good luck on Say hi to my fiance If cupcakes are in the building he'll be nearby! :)
Today's my birthday
The only 3 things a guy should change about his girl: 1) Her last name. 2) Her address and 3) Her viewpoint on men.
jealous. Have fun!
Yes. It's so frustrating when I talk to people about CustExp and they assume CustServ
I told him he's more attractive when he holds me down..
Heading to the mall! Bday outfit shopping #Throwit in the Bag status
Think I officially turned into a country girl
excuse me?!
Now that the dust has settled, we are thinking about the next event...
listening to #JustinBIeber to get into the spirit of Valentine's DAy cuz i luv him
Best way to squash something with me is approach me with a conversation Maybe I'm at fault in a situation but I can't change if I don't know
haha have to get beggin for people to follow us
Thanks so much!
come on over to the TOP house, girl. We've got plenty!
Soo lunch is always intersting with my lunch crew lol
It actually looks pretty funny.
When cats leap onto your bed, it's because they adore your bed
God has a way of getting our attention.
Brain washed from rock and rap...
My life would be so much better if I didn't procrastinate all the time. I want to sleep. Not do math homework.
I ain't thinkin bout you
You bet. We'll use a backdrop of 10th Ave. Marine Terminal.
Having a conversation online with someone who is impersonating me.. I haven't told them they've been busted yet.
the latter, it's static, but updates based on timezone
Lol how am I gonna make it through the concert.
I say that last part to people on the streets
: Thanks for spreading the word about !
I respect women so much, that I completely stay away from them!
probably not quite what you're looking for, but Davis McCombs poetry collection Dismal Rock deals with tobacco farming, etc.
it should be his it's not verified yet though
: Check it: Digital objects in the real world-- catalysts for real conversation?: wp.me/s1AO1z-repudo
Watching El Cantante Hector Levoe is that thing
Oh! have you seen "Cooking For Geeks"? It is published by O'Reilly and is awesome!
Hello Nashville;) bye Australia! That's so awesome
Looking you in your eyes, I know you see it too.
Can't just put you in a bad mood or what. So now I have to find all my notes again to resubmit it.
We also do Insurance Claims! Storm, hail, wind damage- CALL US 708-371-ROOF(7663)
Thanks Christine for the LIKE!
check out my new viral video on youtube. "Weiner in the House"
haha good call!!! Well the company Chevrolet made a car called the ______ super sport, the blank is the band name
I just wanna go home & sleep nothing more nothing less
#NowPlaying – David Vendetta – Phoenix - Fences (GTA Bootleg)
Wd participate but thinking of & others truly familiar & expert.
It strikes me that "culture warrior" also means an aggressive style that has given up on persuasion. MLA doesn't fit that def.
Throwback = OLD lol!
Ive only been out ONE time without my daughter but other than that she goes everywhere with me.
my parents are not the best when grounding they always feel bad the longest was 30 minutes! 😄 lol
How can I get some music to you? Would love your feedback
let me get that BTS footage
RT : Great leaders know that the fastest way to build their business is to build their people.
aww absolutely! thank YOU!!!!
Boo On You! ;~} I might go back to accepting you as a Cowboy at some yonder date.
I don't know. I just don't want it.
Its always good to see a brutha walk free no matter who you be
LA is beautiful! Some big projects in the works more meetings again all day...
I want to see simple vivid color next spring. While, it is really nice to have sweater and jacket on. Chill
...not so much in the end. Just saying.
On jobs in certain parts of cities,by people that don't like white people I am sure you what I am saying.Some people hate white
GREAT question - I love this question! I don't think teaching has changed so much and the academy doesn't get this
Multitudes who sleep in the dust of the earth will awake: some to everlasting life, others to shame and everlasting contempt. Daniel 12:2
Loses the Catholics and keeps all the under-30 votes. Which one wins elections? Yet to see.
good cause im happy with you too :)
Gym time.. Need to get faster!!
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Credit Report
"Miller's Crossing" is a more dense, emotionally complex film than I had remembered it to be.
I can't sleep. & I'm too happy that I started my friday by seeing perform live. Never thought I would be in tears, lol #LastKings ;}
This chick bad looking like a bag of money...
That's enough of blowing up twitter for one night. I'm annoying myself -______- goodnight!
Thanks we will check out your site!
word where its at tonight
Ah yes. Hippie ties. That makes more sense. Though you should be a 9ers fan, no?
you are an inspiration to many- keep it going. My kids (and I) love your music
NCIS is on! Woo!
I love u
no I don't. You haven't heard how much I yelled at and cursed out the contractor! Lolz.
I think a little patience is in order on the "impact" thing. 1st class looks pretty weak, but since it's taken big step up.
it is what it is,,
Talking out of both sides of your mouth more than doubles the time required to accomplish your goal.
More concerned about toning & nourishing? Try our Green Apple & Ginseng organic facial.
Traveling for a week and half straight eating 3 course meals and not exercising. I feel like a marshmellow.
NFLX Netflix is getting slaughtered after hours. Ouch! Glad we dont trade that stock.
Mmhmm.. RT Questions surrounding the ROI of social media makes me wonder if people understand what a captive audience is.
Great service today! Preached to the kids :) I was so nervous but I know God spoke to them, thank you Jesus!!! <3
Cinco De Mayo weekend has officially kicked off in downtown Portland! Live report 6p
A little bird just asked me to remind you that you get $3 beers bar ALL NIGHT LONG with your ticket stub to The Monster Show. 9:30pm
yea your really not that funny your actually boring as fuuuudggge!!! Oh goshh I'm kidding LOL! your funny gurl!
Easy to sell out in the academy, piece meal or all at once. Being true to self & community is a battle (you WILL take shots) but worth it.
LOL! I forgot we actually started it haha
"when Emily gets married her husband wont go on one knee, he'll just lay down."
Things wear a very gloomy aspect now
Gotta get my truck worked on at 11 tonight smh <<<
A gorgeous day like today deserves a Caipirinha. Made with fresh lime quarters, leblon cachaca and simple syrup it goes down smooth.
Here's to the Mahomies Who can't wait to hear Austin's new music . -Ally
Number of pounds the Marilyn sculpture weighs? 40,000.
man u aint NEVER lied!!
I...am Sarah Phillips. Sorry, just thought I'd get the Spartacus meme rolling while I thought of it.
Mad is an understatement right now
yea I'm sorry :(
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. ~ Charles Darwin #quotes #elearning,...
How do u like your chupacabra? Well known or unknown?
I am smoking on exotic , my girl ain’t got no stomach .
ACRL is looking for a liaison to the American Political Science Association - comes with funding- DM me for details
I've discovered ground turkey recently too as an alternative to ground beef. Not bad at all...
Anyone ski anywhere on the East Coast over the Holidays with good conditions?
lol I'm gonna go to sleep byee
#thebestpartofmydaywas calling in sick
We can learn many things from those living in extreme poverty. Patience, Humility, Kindness, and Respect. Things that money can't buy.
It's all about being happy
Naim is not single smh , why he tryna play !
As of mid-2010, there were more than 80,000 "skips" every quarter. When a meter is skipped, DPW uses a historical estimate for the bill
Take Music and listen to Drugs
Because you RTd it lol & I get the feeling he wouldnt RANDOMLY notice my depressing tweets & try to cheer me up
Happy Memorial Day! Thanks to all who serve and have served our country! DeLynn Todaro
Lots of activity at the Museum today as we prepare to take flight with our new exhibit on WWII aviation.
Great networking tonight!
so nice to spend some time with you and hope to have more conversations just like this here or real or else where
Thank god for all my success....
I love when I see people post pics with Mac Miller. Hes always been so cool. Thankful I got to kick it with him when I was younger.
Why must I get hungry at this time?!?
thanks! Seems to be the consensus so far.
What to do this weekend
Workout done. Time to start this gorgeous Friday. Good morning my Tweethearts. :-) 😄
FINISH HIM (It? That? Appendage?)
I dont know which one more funny crack heads in downtown Atlanta or downtown Cincinnati I just seen some funny shit
Wishing all of the moms and moms-to-be a very happy and safe Mother's Day
Attending the session: Innovations, Trends and Partnerships Using Online Tools
looking spiffy
This is it, a new me for you
The Book of Mormon was hilarious. Lived up to the hype. All that standing was worth it. Totally worn out.
boutta do my hair
I got up at 5 to get my bus whos driver then didn't show up so I had to go back to mi casa and now I'm driving no complaining
It's not too late to have your hail damaged vehicle repaired at www.kingoftheding.com deductible assistance available!
odd you should say that - i literally just listened to it.
MY #aaa2010 highlight(s)- DBoyer and and CKelty and BPovenelli's panel, WMazzarella et al's panel, University of Tokyo folks
One reform that would be significant, is if a prosecutor knowingly holds back evidence to win a case they can be prosecuted.
where you off to now?
Happy Sunday everyone!!!!
Where is coffee 2.0 at? Let's do this
Hope that everybody had a nice, safe weekend!
I am awaiting an order of solar panels with childlike excitement. Every big brown truck could be the one.
FYI - Article said Obama got more than any Rep, not all of them combined. Still, good news.
": Ted Drewes." So do you like concrete or custard more? PS: we're MKE in STL too. :)
Satan Has Left The Earth -Finding the truth
so while your waiting around some store till 12 midnight...#LMAO me and my people will be at home waiting for u noobs to sign in
If you own a business (and want to grow it) you must subscribe to Verne Harnish's newsletter. It is short and targeted to you....
That's one of weirdest videos i've seen in a while. Thanks.
RT "You are Not Stuck Where you Are - Unless you Decide to Be." ~Wayne Dyer #quote"
We WILL win if we mobilize.. Bishops not happy either, turns out. Congress/GOP still on the attack.
i'll take one
Higher then a motherfuuckaa
/ The #Phillies gave us the #AmandaBynes treatment last night, #Hit&Runs all over the place, it was so bad I almost called
Ugh I like the color of my hair but it's too short now :/
Hey Arnold!!!
A ? for musically-inclined and - when's the all NBC host/reporter trio releasing first album?
Many Houston area apartments have reduced trhere rates by 30%
no money my dude
TIP FOR THE DAY: pennies are very technical learn your chart indicators always have a buy and sell plan before entering any stock...
Guess what I'm with
Good luck and have fun! RT : Last day of Futsal camp, next will be universal studios and Disneyland !!!!!
My pleasure ~ you do so much! How?! : )
Mine too! It's so tasty, and good for you too RT : my fave food is cock :')
Let's go Rangers (clap-clap-clapclapclap)!
proudly supporting #teamfruitypebbles. :)
Our attendees rock! Thanks for coming! & others!
Be The 8-Ball: STAYS ON THE TABLE!
Thanks to friends and family who tell you the truth, push you toward greatness and force you to honor your worth.
and if Christgau is the "dean," why is he so respected if his "students" are, by and large, such fuck-ups? 2/2
k...have fun
. Calvin argued for a weekly Sunday Lord’s Supper. Sacraments provide mystery + challenge Protestants' rationalistic lethargy.
having fun at #NAEYC ? Maria told me she spot you!
yes you can baby
Taxes done last night! 4 months of anxiety, 2days of Hell for prep, 2 agonizing hours with tax lady=my brain is mush. :)
Guess who's getting furniture today? :)
So, Guess Who's Moving Back to London In the Summer? :)
its about a job! And me and benny are bffs!
so MAYBE i'll start using Google+ more now with the integration of Google reader.... maybe.
RT If I treated you the way you treat me, I promise you wouldn't stick around the way I do .
#CorpGov General Counsel update: CTS (NASDAQ: CTS) names John Dudek Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary....
Always love to hear it -- welcome aboard! RT Hah! 's PerfectDisk seems to work. My PC's so much faster now. <3
Us black folks can be are worst enemy.. Smh.
Happy New Year friends!
The Hawks will be advancing to the next round of playoff action against either and
RT I love dipping stuff in nutella almost as much as I love dipping stuff in ranch
....hm i feel like it could still be someone they know because i mean come on a fan could not have taken some of those...
not gonna lie harry styles would make a good mick jagger
#iabaudio easier to measure success online than off says groupM
A huge shout out to and carew co....Thanks for all of your help.
Never felt anything like that. ever.
James Harden aka De La Soul's Posdnous & #OKC ready to square off against The Black Mamba &
I swim but i wish i never learned. The waters too polluted with germs.
that's awesome! Would love to hear about the kinds of questions asked.
Some times I wish I could be someplace better ... Other times I wish someplace better could be here!
off to Bowling for Rhinos!!! please come out if you can! PinChasers on Armenia! you don't have to bowl! just come hang with the keepers!
The "Welcome to The F-List" Special went great!
My body just isn't prepared for this much pollen this early! Just about time for a benedryl-coma.
can you say "sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick" w/o messing up ?
RTing at 25K feet. Pumped for a celebratory weekend with you and in MIA. Listening to electronic music to prep!
thanx so much for the support ur the bestest!!
On paper, the crew's lineup top-to-bottom is much more imposing than last year's
Thank you! “: That you did. Nice picks.”
I could be your Buzz Lightyear fly across the globe
I pray your baby gets better soon doll :-)
I make so many spelling errors like I capitilize random words omg
could i get a follow for my birthday<3
Aw Yeah! Time for the saloon. Hope we see some crazy shots.
Thanks for adding me to your list!
Thanks for following back Maureen :)
Thank You for following us at #ActingInLA!
#radius in financial district
Nobody's watching that spurs jazz game. BORING !!
*ugly RT : Once upon a time There was Canadian named Justin Drew Mallette Bieber He was so sexy that everyone died The End
its called money
It's a #HappyHour kinda day.
I am NOT a Cotton-headed Ninny-muggins....
you da bomb!
The weathers lookin nice in the days ahead..#finally ☀
Always comes back and bites me in the ass
I sometimes think they want to cover their cars in yellow tape. I've started to shout at people standing on the freeway having a convo
Do I get a pass seeing as I'm 6000 miles away and it will be 4 in the morning?! :)
Ever since was acquired by I've been noticing how many features were stripped away.
she is
Whoadey Monday RT : It's like a gd juvenile video in here.
Yep! XD #guard #wgi #dayton The UD Arena is dark and quiet.... but not for long!
Love the part 's new book where he recants being touched by a Creed song even though he knows they're a shitty, shitty band.
my throat isnt feeling good.....
Few things sweeter than a blue box left on the porch. Thank you Peggy and 's impeccable delivery skills!
Do you wonder - is it love, or just lust?
thank you for the RT!!
When shit goes down and sides are taken, you find out who was real and who was fakin.
Check out Art Petrus of Sydney! They are a member org of the Druidian Arts, and a provider of mobile Cruse scanning Service.
i was just attacked by a frog
Musical mafia
I just became interested in Irish archaeology. I haven't visited yet. So, all areas are up for investigation.
" #RumorHasItThat she ain't got your love anymore" I love this song(:
Texas Frightmare Weekend! here we come! watch out ;)
What a great story! Thanks for sharing
I know several of the team members that drafted it. It was a labor of love, and very useful too!
Free comic book day!
Trying hard to stop watching The Bachelor....with little success.
Today's Get Energized tip: Unplug all electronics when they’re not in use.
Have not had food all day...
OMG!! You are so luckyy(:
u r gonna have a blessed evening! enjoy!
Welp, his career is over.
Libya's former finance/oil minister Ali Tarhouni in DC today: "I'm happy to come from a land that is liberated."
she said she doesn't want to wait & she doesn't want to use a condom she wants to have your babies
Stop taking NSAID's and have your problem checked by a qualified professional to solve the issue, rather than mask the pain and symptoms.
Follow me on Instagram... Ms. Bankhead
Can i take a Pikachu in the shower? :p
I like to listen to REAL music. Its brings motivation,to my hustler mantality.
Happy hour has begun! Where are you? We're here ready to serve you half priced apps!
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Yeah you rite! RT: : Who else drove 6 hours to see your beautiful talented self !!!
Our entrepreneur group had a great speaker,Max,his father's bakery in Me. called "If Pigs could Fly" makes the best breads.Av in whole fds
We have meet all the criteria to become a #Cisco Select Certified Partner!
All things are possible! Thanks for the follow and hope to see you around The ATL.
u hurd me woman
I still am so terrible at Mario 1. All these years and I still can't get past world 4-4. I hate that dumb dragon guy
Washington Redskins 6 Carolina Panthers 9 Halftime #redskins #panthers #nfl (Via )
I agree
I think it's a little silly complaining that there were no back Avengers. The original Avengers had no black members either.
Have a desire to serve but not sure how, what or when? Discover what you need in my NEW online slave training. Trance therapy included! xo
Tonight will be Epic. Don't miss it
OMG YOURS.<3
Betty says she's addicted to writing and then gives the cutest giggle.
I just texted you
Hahah yeah OMG why Does have to be Such a GOREOUS Son Gosh :D :)ILYShawty<3
Awake at 6 am - really?!? Why? Not liking werkin' it today. Need me some music to strut to.
Documenting Sat Member Play #1: Butler +8.5 (5/5 Sources Match - Red Carpet Play)
#uievs likens the ux professional championing for contextual research to Joseph Campbell's Heroe's Journey
are you guys playing in Milwaukee on Thursday?
well I dont care either dude
you should join him.
next time I see one on the side of the road, I'm bringing it to your surgeon for a fixer upper.
Thank you to the fantastic staff of Senator for meeting with us about the impact of ! :)
Did he say MARION Chalmers??? This is like the 3rd time I've heard him say his name like that.
"Is life not a hundred times too short for us to stifle ourselves?" - Friedrich Nietzsche
or just people in general haha
So happy right now! Thinking I did well on the AP gov exam, and now I just finished night school :-) super yay!
oh bye
Although, the winner may be "Sylvia Plath's Cookbook."
we hope you enjoy the Q and A from our co producer
This class is a trip!!!!!! Lol
Going to see at Hemingways tonight!! Love me a little Gerry Porter..
Ana Tijoux take me away...
ComedyChicago ~ It comes quick and strong very strong
I lost something important, and IT IS DRIVING CRRAZZZY!!!
Go fuck yourself
Wig chopped weekend is here!!!
the dude at the fornt door did not ask for id lol i was too happy ! i went with my cousin and his friends
that is dedication!
Wanna see how its done watch me do me LOL
Commitment should always be in every relationship
- those were the days.
So do we have a final decision?? Bri???
love this girl. U have tweeted her before. Can't forget her. Next to u she is my favorite!!!
use handouts with almost all the notes except a word, on smart board, highlight the missing word.
fuck you and your shitty website! Fools for selling to ebay for 300M
are you on the plane some?
(Also, to surge ahead another 1500 - 2000 words in my WIP. Almost finished. Commence the surging, self!)
I'm going to bed cause I gotta babysitt tomorrow so g'night :)!
Love does not care to define and is never in a hurry to do so.
Commission giving instruction to line drawers.
thank you!! it's november 10th :)
Marceline White, : every time a house goes into foreclosure, value of surrounding properties declines by 1%. Yikes.
I didn't ask you.....Fucker...
I'm not sure I'm prepared for such brilliance... I need to go meditate.
pumped to get orders out this morning!!
Yes last night. We made a deal too! No cheating. LOL. Like I said, you're mistaking. Kekee
na I'ma find some polos
I Miss You Too Hun♥ How Have you Been??
i booed this nigga just because he had a flip phone nigga it's 2012 . Bye
Memo to the CBS TV truck... NEVER cut away from the player dancing in the middle of a circle!
Big day for CORE: New and our lobby & bar renovation at both open! Just in time for Convention!
Set up by Curry's three that should have been a travel!
New leo, tights, spandex & ballet slippers :)
No being irritated! D:
it not a matter of reference, but two services trying to listen on same port
later tonight! i think 9 or 10! : )
NEEAR project: interesting learning tool, combining situated learning + augmented reality + expert knowledge, in a mobile device.
do you know if Booker T is on twitter ?
Hate when I'm SO tired and the restless legs kick in
"Chevelle, we need to practice grinding for your birthday" -
Yes.. I will finally meet you
Just explained to new prospective home buyer how I guarantee my mortgage services with $1,500. My consumer protection plan! They LOVE it!
That's right! You know why? Quality > Graphics. Period. The end. And 'cause zombies and legos are cooler than most anything else.
Buffalo Bills Football Till I Die, through the good and bad go bills
just made me the sweetest good morning video ever! What would I do without his awesomeness??
Noir paintball would be the ultimate dream, but I'll take Pierce and the paintball Tommy gun.
stop talkin pictures of me while I'm sleeping!!!!!
saving that bread on insurance lmao
Thank you China for all of the adventures. Headed home today and already can't wait to come back.
are u guys up yet? I need a ride back to phx! -Jason and b rob
it's like a relief valve for creative people, so we don't have giant floor to ceiling inspiration cork boards.
“: I hope Drake drops a toaster in his Bubble bath" Righteous.
of course it is
grow tf up.
But congratulations to the UK softball team for upsetting LSU tonight in extra innings.
which seems useful, as that is often the case & perhaps inevitably so given the skepticism embedded in American politics
Waiting for judges decision at #osaa Oregon State Choir 3A Championship
Our first Brady Street #foodtour of 2012 is off and running - join us next Saturday if you missed today's tour!
Weird... again.
dude, you're cracking us up!
Babbitt is buying everyone Mcmuffins tonight
The clicking on my Trackpad is definitely crapping out, wonder how much it's to replace that.
RT : RT : #140cuse is trending nationwide...my school>>>> your school
thanks for the RT. We have some heavy hitters coming. Hope you can join us
So do you want to go Fri or Sat?
M'Baby don't likes strip-mall sushi !
I love when I walk into a store and the clerk trys to speak spanish to me. Of course I go along with it Then I say thanks you jerk and leave
SAT word in a tweet? I'm impressed ma'am.
At the vet's yesterday 2 "peace loving" English bulldogs tried to rumble with my German shepherd Lily!
I was having 12% of a moment.
Just realized its 6 30 am! Ive been playing Black Ops all night!!
That's one of the most ignorant things I've read in awhile,
Thanks for the RT!
saturday gotta go to my boos baseball game and then the movies XD i love him and i know hes gonna do great
oh okay
Stay warm with us today....ALL facials and waxing services are 20% off today! Mention this post when reserving your appointment!
I've been reading the WoT books since I was in high school -- your additions have been phenomenal! I can't put them down.
If I were the commissioner of Major League Baseball, I'd make sure there was a nationally televised afternoon game every day.
Ever increasing amounts of data with shorter shelf life. Meaningful insights more important than visualization?
Try checking out Tottenham circa '10-'11 - one groin injury after another
What are your favorite online men retailers?
Ploughman's Special + house-made root beer @ The People's Pint = ACE.
RT : Well Said If you have time to execute a #marketing plan, do it properly. Research is important to the quality of execution.
can we make a bet? the bet is tht i could beat u in arm wrestling if i win or lose u have to kiss me? sound like a plan...;)
ERRA pandora station :o
Duke gets another top recruit - vomit
davey jones- the first rock record i ever bought was 'more of the monkees'. :(( makes me feel OLD.
Good. O is just digging a hole.
Ohh read our special swine fever report and we promise not to sell you anything
RT : You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. -Dr. Seuss
do you have a saved game for xbox
I should've let Lucky bite you when we walked around the block the first time.
Okeee i watch the Video && It was Dope ! Its was realy Good , So Proudd : 0 #Munchie♥
dude that's the worst! You know you've "made it" when your able to bring your own monitoring guy out!
so is lying?
's ability to watch the menu of a DVD for hours on end floors me. Especially when it's insane circus music.
Add my Facebook page: www.Facebook.com/ModelNikki
uh so do you want to meet up at your house first?
We're offering FREE registration to this weekend at the ! Sign Up!
Thank you mom for calling me stupid, idiot, worthless, for slapping me across my face, for hitting me. Yup good mother.
A special thank you to all our veterans today
I don't hate her for it, but it kind of makes me upset that she didn't tell me that she was going to the movies. I can understand why she(c)
and now its a #Bindelglass thing
Bout to read my bible #GN babes
It's time to quit
FACE OFF on SyFy is SUCH a great guilty pleasure! And can we talk some Matt Valentine? Okkaaayy!?
lol maybe you should stay inside
And enjoy all that cheesecake...I could use some cheesecake right about now!
Sure! What is it? & why??
don't be like that lil one, just trying to hv a lil fun w u, w ur sexy ass
Do you think that one day in the future reality shows will be like westerns and no longer be on TV? What will they be replaced by?
Just want to say a huge THANK YOU to everyone! work really hard on this Mixtape! We really appreciate everyone support!
honor roll here i come <3 All A's & 2 B's !
BAILEY DANCING TO THIS SEXUAL SONG IS TO MUCH FOR ME. OMFG BRB
Step up your defense, Grizzlies! It's grind time!
Just updated Twitter page.
why to u lie about following ppl
it's still on their menu.
Well, tonight sucks dick.
when in doubt about where to listen to good music... AND
I had to google coco puffs so i didn't misspell it....
well education is really important, and Twitter isn't going anywhere but I know it can be such a huge distraction.
Can't see the house almost 20 feet away because the snow is coming down so hard!!!
Thanks Vince, preciate it, I always enjoy playing. Which is closest to the station?
nice poll just voted : )
About to hear Judy Bloom speak so that I can finally understand all these changes my body is going through.
you're on belle isle without me? 😥
In a different not so cool way.
Bristol couple's Christmas lights raise £3000 for charity - Bristol24-7 Bristol24-7 Bristol couple 's Christmas lights raise £3000 for ch
I know! lol >.< I'm barely turning 18 and you?(:
hahaha true story.
love the mouse shoes!!
aww ". I always miss you! I need to see this movie.. In between my busy baby playdates!
#whenwillIlearn how to spell "allways" - "always"
what kinda work u do??
asik why didn't you make your free throws. ugh... it's over
Did you know F&H serves FOOD & drinks until 1:30am
Seeing starts
OMG i just checked your twitter and read your bio and started FANGIRLING WHEN I READ NIALL OMGSH OMGSH
And just realized that those last two tweets when read together might be a touch schizophrenic.
You’re VERY talented & extraordinarily beautiful, but your appreciation for fans puts you on Top of the World. Thank you!
somee asians are cute ass fuuhhhhhhhc. aha
not yet they said to come back in two days to see for sure, but wtf happened haha
Two people said I should go to Andy's nails. I shall then! Gotta make them look good (and not broken) on graduation!
Date night with my man <3 ;)
At Madison's Barrymore Theater for 's one man show. @
wow i feel the same way,
Maybe I shouldn't have checked the weather on the computer before I went out. Currently 3 degrees. WTF?
I officially untweet at brock_webb. #hesnotgoingbacktobourbon. Neither is or
Via Krug1 in the NYT editorial today... "One party is clearly engaged in blackmail and the other is dickering over the size of the ransom".
Marry me.:)
girl look at that booty... I don't work out!!!
I want to thank all you assclowns who clogged every road in town this morning just so you could miss the shuttle flying by
Looking at the audience, it seems that lots of regulars brought their kids to tonight's debate.
: really? i love her!
definitely. Verbal constipation is a drag.
I'm starting to workout in the mornings more, I like to start my day that way
Good luck ! Can't wait to see the photos. :-)
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! #proudmahomie <3
It's championship weekend!
- But I'm also a huge fan of the greats as well (Otis Redding for one), and lots of horrible music, too (Motley Crue).
- It occurred to me that both times i have been around u & jeff, i was basket-casey, so we need 2 do the non-BC hang out :)
Smart woman compliment assesses the man, and stupid - you
thanks! Congrats on the new job, p.s!
R u serious hun? RT : everyone calls each other "hun" on twitter. :D
no problem(: & okayy I'll tweet it to u either tomorrow or Thursday. is that okayy??(:
“ lmao a nigga just want some ribs”lmao I understand, he was just playing josh
Not something you'd usually expect to see. Glad your having fun though :)
Apple product wet? We'll get you up and running, any device any model!
I'd look pretty funny with Botox in one eye! Haha!
better late huh?
okay smart guy. who will win the masters?
THINK LIKE mark zuckerberg LIKE AND ENTREPRENEUR! MAKE THOSE MICRO TRANSACTIONS/PENNIES ADDUP!
Yep, it will still be there
#Rangers are the only complete team left in the NHL.
Boy & Girl names: Dilinger (bang-bang) & Diligence. Wonder if they have a big brother called Dildo?
So sad to be home from Austin. Love that city.
is moving to Miami #yeee Can't wait to finally meet him when he does :)
Thanks so much! :)
ok pal SYT
& who cares dat kim has 1 grammy the key word is she has one! No matter how many or who she share it wit..nicki don't *shrugs*
Ugh this is so sad
Every Kentucky fan! RT : Let's start a "Phil Jackson to the Knicks" rumor. Who's with me?!
Snuggle camp with Dad. Totally warm.
A Girl who fat, but swear they THICK.
WELP, guess that's my Que to get off twitter -_-
Everyone knows what we say for Tuesday right? Taco Tuesday!!! So Sit-Click-Eat Get your Taco Tuesday On! www.wausautogo.com
Don't have a fav. Movie & cuz my parents got happy one night & yeah you get the picture, lmao. :)
Thanks to all our brothers and alumni who came to the Fall 2010 Banquet and made it a blast, especially those that traveled from NYC!
my heart just broke!!! I miss you terribly!
that makes you sound slutty
this is my snack back off!
RT You are holding back on laughter W/ the news report just a second ago lolzzzzz. #HairDye SMH
Careful study of the beach pics. That's the way to go.
All I ask is a chance to prove money can't make me happy.
": Writing about privilege and my first and only encounter with Bobby Seale." Bobby Seale??!! Hope you're blogging it
What goes well with new flights being offered to #Hawaii? Our summer package deal starting at just $159 for #SPG members!
Rain across Houston area made a crosstown drive treacherous this a.m. Now, down to business in a dry office.
Nice! like the high aspirations. Yea, we cater more 2 USD students but we help out Mesa students when we can. Yes my Co
NOVA Job Op: Telemarketing/Phone Sales Superstar Wanted $50k to $150 - Call us if you are the best and can prove it. 1800-871-9012 x463384#
It is my fault. I keep falling for it. I'm nothing but nice to everyone and I just get shit on over and over.
so I missed b dubs, meeting Danielle and Sam again, and I can't wear alex's Pennie!...
Haven't seen it but I can imagine... [cringe]
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
The secret of happiness is to grow super duper chronic nuts!!!!
I'm all presentable & cute & out of the house before 12. This is weird.
Congrats pretty lady!
yep, that one. We used to walk to Gardners for lunch, we have a new destination.
i saw some of ur vids on youtube lol u r pretty good in singing i think u got a shot on winning the takent show
Feelings coming on.
U too Vida ! Kick ass in the gym own it 💪💪💪
Is it so much to ask for my best friend back...?:/ oh yeah...it is...:'/
funny how i am doing math homework right now. lol OH god why...
i love kiansam13 its hella funny
What's it on?
hahaha no jail this time.. WE CAN DO THIS!!
that sounds like a hit!
#MANLAWVIOLATION Asking For Water At The Club Trying To Pose It As Patron, Major.....
With GB Packers winning the NFC, I'm feeling homesick for WI & snow! GO PACKERS!
Nutritionist say multiply your body weight by .37 to determine how many grams of protein your body needs each day.
I'm so hungry
hey skip, FR again. I just wanted to say good luck this week on the show. My bucks did great... Against Akron. Love ya man!
“Present and Account For” 1 Samuel 3:8-10; 19 You should have a sacred place set aside just for you and God alone.
I told the world that you are gonna need turn on axis cause it is my year. AND IT DID
oh cool(: & sorry i was doing someehitng
Like a tree.
Yes of course why not(:
"Like" this status if you are enjoying your Sunday ;)
I lick pussy like a thirsty dog drink water out its bowl
alright thanks:)
LOOKING GOOD SO FAR! :)
Thank you Aaron for the great year!!! I look forward to your offseason humor!
Yeah Baby Girl! H-Town Represent!
Filming tomorrow. I always love their speakers. Tomorrow will be an editor from
Open door seminar on Refworks at 12pm & 4pm today in LTB 2152. Come in, come all!
I'm a Barnard alum, and man oh MAN was that a big controversy on campus!
that's young Boogs?
Whiskey. Yen's chinese food. Hockey. Adult time . . . *sigh* Doo is with dad until Sunday and Doo is a Bull as of 1/4. Weight off back.
Building a business is simply doing all of the right little things correctly that add up to big results...
was throwing spears by the Little Big Horn River.
get your Skittles ready for sunday it should be a good one
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage
lmao, nah. I'll tell you on Monday so I can see your reaction.
For Western Skiiers, better late than never. Winter storm system to dump snow in Northwest & some in NorCal
Yes, but why reward me?
I'm So Far Gone Right Now
Yep! So many great places to see before then!
hahahahaha she's snorting.
Thank you so much toshyboo, it really was that was my mindset, it'll hurt now, but it'll be with me forever
I hear you -- "Linotype" is the "Arrested Development" movie of booknerdom
I used to think lots of things were important, but I'm much happier now.
DELL, I'M GONNA TWEET YOU RANDOM THINGS!:D is that ok?(:
It's Super Bowl Sunday! Bring on some football. Patriots or Giants? Which team is your pick?
thanks so much, Kristina! It means the world to me that you enjoy my work!
People really need to stop trying to hurt other people for pure ammusment and grow the fuck up!
Likewise, I'd love to connect! Thanks for the intro !
I love blind dog. I wish he could chill out w/ ocean cat.
#WouldYouRather: be rich and ugly OR dumb and good looking?
duh we are but are we hanging out?.. No
My mom is again in hosp. Almost lost her-but she is slowly improving.It is a watch and wait situation.Hope u r well.
did you say sawce? ;)
Amen!! Thank you brother :)
Shoot me if I ever wear elastic waist pants.
i hope it will be harder to do that at shoreline but probably not
Why is the president's success not seen as the country's success?
#JennaMarblesTaughtMe how to make my boobs bigger!!
gonna call it an early night .
Eating orzo pasta salad for lunch, makes me think of !!
following you all. Are you getting ready for summer?
I am off to Argentina! Can't believe it. How time has flown since securing my ticket. Let's hope American Airlines doesn't fail me.
The day is finally here. Habitat 4 Humanity 1st general body meeting will take place today @ 5pm. Be there!!!!
I hope everyone is having a good day!
eyebrow plucking hurts like a bitch
Looks like you are feeding the neighborhood!
hahahaha were gonna have to share... ;) <3
It's crazy, huh? Time to have some fun, that's for sure!
Who want to sit in the middle of a female Bukkake...
Outside Lands it is then, I miss you.
So San Diego is essentially Aztlan and despite that, they rock Elvis in public spaces. WTF ????
where is the lineup? feel like it's gonna be any day now..
good morning twitter!
"There are no barriers only solutions" Neal Petersen
Fat Tuesday is an excuse for girls to show their breast.
#What2ChainzWouldSay ya she swallowed me,every drop,thick legs darker than tha coffee shop,im 2 chainz,aint on diddy status only got 2 names
What did I learn during Spanish Class in High School? -- Talking about it right now on ZenLive.tv
When you lead with authenticity, it shows your perceptions are based in reality.
for the last two weeks I got on OMC but no one has been there. AND YES I COVERTED TIME!!!!
Happy Birthday Marshall!
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
really? Tell me more. cc
Hypertension Drug Adherence Associated with Fewer Hospitalizations and Lower Medical Costs but Increased Total Care ...
Lmao damn everyone hates on Pine Bush.
reality is people will suffer not just a threat.
You may contact Support directly at if you would like.^CS
(Also) Today in Literary History: Nobel Prize in Literature winner Rudyard Kipling ("The Jungle Book" "Just So Stories") was born in 1865.
Has everyone signed up for next Thursday's Young Milwaukee Holiday Gala? ITS FOR THE KIDS!!!
Yeah, its Wednesday! Don't forget half off all bottles of wine at Enoteca tonight
(1/2) If I do not hear from you by 7:30, I am heading to 510 N Orlando Ave Winter Park FL 32789. Meet me there by 1130-1145! Get ready f ...
So tired.. what a day its been today.. good thing its Thursday!
There's only one rule that I know of, babies-- God damn it, you've got to be kind.
lol nigga I used to run you with the thunder!
Prez: "Support the same kind of research and innovation that led to the computer chip and the Internet; to new American jobs"
Thank you for the RT.
Yankees and Giants i'm all for New York :)
Why would any Mets fan cheer for Jose Reyes tonight? F that guy.
Yay for showering! woo!
Haha :) RT : I want to play guitar with
Drinking an Izze at Starbucks in SoHo...about to rock out this audition
SXSW, SXSW, SXSW..... live music happening in the hilton lobby, starting at 9:00am. great way to start the day
Shout out to the dude who treated the full-sized Snickers even during these tough economic times.
THIS MIGHT BE MORE FUN TO TWEET FROM SINCE I'M FUCKING IRRITATED AS ALL HOLY HELL
Wait. The ex-husband is going to play Marilyn?
Oh we will have fun!!
RT : Tip: Blow air into resealable plastic bags storing paper towel-wrapped leafy greens. Carbon dioxide slows down their...
Karaoke! Come in and sing to singles. Who knows you might just meet your Valentine.
Damn its nice out!
mreeping has (5) sets of live comedy throughout the film,
Why did Shorty take a hoodie pic for her AVI? I think that might be the last straw.
GoodNight my peoples!!!Swag out!!!
I swear if I hear my little neighbor say PHILIP I'm gonna punch a hole in the wall. Then throw something out the window preferably myself.
#its2hot4that All black everything
Q: How do you make sure you're being sensitive, while at the same time getting the answer you want
thank u im hoping its false labor its still too soon!
I Just Seen Justin Behind Mayweather :)
Just followed
#28-Jake Long-OT-Miami Dolphins
Hopefully Rickie Weeks or Nyjer Morgan stay away from Jesse Ventura
Living under your spotlight...
It all started on January 15, 2007 when a boy from a small town in Canada opened his Youtube account.
S/O and Happy Charter Day to at Sam Houston State University! The light of Alpha is shining brightly in you! 06!
When you eliminate all the ridiculous profit margins in home improvement, you suddenly enter the affordability zone. I show you how.
What a twisted world we live in...
thanks you! tell me more about yourself...
I just signed up for Intro to Sociology with Mitch Duneier via #coursera Maybe I'll learn something about society.
well you make sure you let me know you in the Building
Marketing 3.0: A Powerful New Way Build Your Business & Land More Customers www.publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
so.. its been a little over a month since I've sized up my ears.. gotta fix that
Heartbreak is truly a strong barrier of anti-motivation. But the steps necessary to break down the wall will work out in the long run
“: now I know ur stupid” I was better at kickball when I was 8 than you are at age 37. Or however old u are
anyone see my asb card???
But of course! Cinco de Derby is tomorrow after all!
Demi Lovato: Stay Strong. Justin Bieber: Never Say Never. Selena Gomez: Be yourself. Miley Cyrus: Radiate Love. ♥
It's a beautiful and sunny day in LA... Taking in the fresh air and sunshine.
on the phone w/ this foolie
My head is still swimming with all that #Faffcon was and is. It's great to be home, but I do miss my friends.
God has blessed me in numerous ways, but good test taking is one thing he decided not to bless me with.. What blessing took its place?
good night i love you so much. you mean the world to me.
Amen to this statement! Social networking sites that are about connecting > social sites where I have to block 99% of people.
If doesn't have mono it might be some other STD =) AND I don't smell, jerk!
dang alright
thats wassup....how old are you???
iCarly, Drake & Josh, Victorious, Zoey 101... THE BEST SERIES EVER :D
Happy #palindrome day! It's 11/02/2011 front and back. Happens once every 10,000 years.
Fixing mistakes in my calendar for #mlanet12 Don't know what I did but now it is just easier to manually enter the fixes
i have over 20 friends.
loving the playlist so far!
Been up since 5. Going to be a long day.
the intro to "fearless" always makes me cry
ahaha yeah but still it was scary. I even tried closing my eyes but it made me feel worse.
aren't ready to be comitted
Thanks. Definitely looking back to namehceap again, just hadn't researched in some time and thought I would get opinions
Finally done, feeling a rant coming on.
S2 is chock full of nerds tonight
Zynga is positioning themselves to be a key player in the US market when legalization hits, who blames her for playing nice?
LMFAO Why? you're scared you'll lose? :P
yes Even Boren out
sweet! Im game!
How come nobody ever says "everything happens for a reason" after something good happens?
Working session with the client went well this morning. Hard to get back to the grind this afternoon.
Thank you so much to and for my music shoutouts today!! Means the world! :)
i just RSVP'd and i'm excited!
But I have faith in her!
Good morning! Have you chosen your Halloween costume yet?
Brighten up your day with a luxurious tan, the best spray tan in the city--VersaSpa, or a relaxing massage! All at 123 W. Madison!
In Pakistan I did join graduate level studies in religion. The program was modeled on western Comparative Religion curricula.
I now remember why I don't like AAC evals.
Baby let me blow your mind tooooooniiiight...
Does the 4-Star wide-receiver who changed his committment from Notre Dame to Houston realize that Case Keenum graduated?
THIS SHIT FINNA BE ON ANOTHER LEVEL........
Thanks for the RT!! >>>RT : by : Did u know Shakeology has a HOT PINK lil sister? Who doesnt love a 140 cal
