Sorry that you're not able to make it. We will be posting HIVE videos online after the conference.
Idk of things could get ANY worse.
Dragoning it up with Emily and
If you can make her forget that her heart was ever broken ,your pretty fucking special bro.
I've had "Crazy Train" stuck in my head all day bc of you ;)
::singing:: This is your birthday song it isn't very long, hey!
Oh I thought you were being funny because Courtneys ol bozoface laughing. My bad my homie.
I thought about it, but its so weird that all of my co-workers are applying too!
Business in Las Vegas picking up or is it just spring cleaning time? Time to powerwash restaurant patios so customers can enjoy the outdoors
I have been typing a variation on the same sentence for 40 minutes. Where did my reporter instincts go?
so what did doc say? Any cool spidey powers?
I finally looked at your angry tweets from the other day lol girls hate on you because your beautiful and there not
this is something I've been very interested in for a long time but getting the proper amt. of $$ is hard
We know more about the Universe than we do about our oceans. And we know more about our oceans than we do about our brains.
We're Chameleon! Changing colors is what we do! We're the color that fits you best!
Life's too short for an Iphone case...
Dinner, lemon cake and whiskey. "Role Models." Night night. It's been a "short" long weekend. Gotta have energy to decorate tomorrow. *muah*
Only two days until Christmas! Stop by your local bookshop for a perfect last-minute gift.
U AT WORK
I love my job, I have to say.
Always the girl they wanna hookup with but never the girl they wanna Settle down with.
If they're not balanced for how you run (over vs under pronate), it can cause trouble. I got heel spurs because of wrong shoes.
New Thinking + New Habits + Long Term Viewpoint = New Consequences
and that turning water into wine - or making booze ex nihlo - was his very first miracle.
I'm looking forward to green pee Sunday!
me to! Slept until 10:24 :)
#FF dating and fitness for the serious minded!
text me :]
I'm at the family table when I'm not family? Score!
new taco place - El Chilito on Manor. Great stuff!
“We should consider everyday lost in which we don't #dance.”
I feel your pain.
Gluten free pizza is the best!! I have to friends who are allergic so I eat so much gluten free food all the time
When my mom says "I love you" I always reply saying "I do more". I'm actually saying I love myself more
do a quick search for Rick Pitino on Twitter, it will provide you several loud chuckles....#L1C4 is still not trending...
VIPs at this wedding : Secretary Napolitano and Cong Rush Holt have arrived to full hall.
how will i make it up 2 u
Going to church... And u should be too =)
omfggggg no you don't !!!
aye follow back ill hyu more often :D
Will you be holding another PR workshop, similar to the one you held on April 13? I'd like to attend.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never
Your my inspiration bro, keep on keeping on!
Keeping Riley this Saturday will be shooting a video at Sullivan Hall in NYC, 9:30pm be there!
Can't wait to spring forward. Don't forget to change your clocks this weekend. #daylight savings
I think I may have just talked to my future soulmate.
hey! My name is chelsie & I was wondering if you can sing happy birthday to me on your austream!? I'd love that(: plz reply?
Bolt Is A Funny Movie
oh yes loads. What did you do this evening?
I'm listening 'The Time' from the Black Eyed Peas!!! yeah!!!
that's what she did! Lol 😝
I've always been a fan of I joined over the weekend. Excited about the very services I've told artists about over the yrs.
A gripe: 80+% of my fb feed is either baby pictures or posts from expectant mothers. Perhaps this is the death knell of fb for me.
Will do! If you have any of us added on Facebook. We can stay in better contact :)
I have to admit, when there's a HUGE event (Olympics/World Cup Soccer) in the summer, I can make an exception
Where did the meteorologist stop for a drink on the way home from a long day in the studio? The nearest ISOBAR!!
I want a girl bestfriend ^.^ anyone ?
You’re making us blush! :) Sunbelt Oats & Honey bars are FYE!
we have a long busy day today, but on the bright side, Bentley gets to meet his Aunt Tammy(:
not being comfortable laying in my bed.
Thanks again for letting us broadcast from your location on Saturday!! Was a great time!
The Bills. Really Vince Young? Haha
you gonna learn today! morning sunshine!
We're going to have to drag you in here at some point.
hell to the N-O! Toxin free as I arbitrarily define it :)
Rattlesnake in Boston is totally lame now. Never go there again.
Just started and love it so far! Have you checked it out?
#sschat I launch an intro project that is personal to them and involves #passion and primary sources
RT : As Google continues to expand its presence in New York, the company is making employees feel more at home -...
Lazerdisk party sex tonight! It's industry and locals free! Hmu for guest list
Make to day last for ever!
*HAPPY THANKSGIVING* Hope you had a day full of love, laughter, and joy! Gobble, Gobble, Gobble!
happy birthday!
Thank you so much for writing back, it meant the world<3 now iwish you would follow me :D -Marisel <3
Beautiful day for kickball today! BUT in the event of a tournament rainout Saturday, games will be rescheduled for Sunday 5/23.
heehee poor boys.
you already know. #ITSTHETAKEOVER ;)
Thanks! I'm trying to do something a bit funky (testing Omeka plugins outside of an Omeka install), so Tim may hear from me :)
Good morning!!! Do you have your hrs yet for the $2500 Freeroll? Double hours start in just a few mins. Come on over and get in the game!
Yes. She was one of the first collectible Barbies I ever got.
la levels it :-(
left my charger @ eric house
Just a reminder, Soccer and Capture the Flag tonight at 6pm in Schenley (behind the tennis courts). Hope to see you all there!
COMON LAKERS, don't let them catch up! :O
Saturday's grading and Law & Order thread is now open!
I see...Hmm.. (Scribbling down notes.) IN-teresting...
Odets' "Waiting for Lefty"? Vian's "The Empire Builders"? Garson's "MacBird!"?
not a problem at all :)
Its sad when the only time u feel beautiful is when ur wearing a lot of makeup. I don't feel this way but some mite
This Means War = absolutely hilarious.
Its almost here are you ready
Thanks Looking forward to next week! #westweek at Christopher Farr Studio
The "company buzz" application on LinkedIn states that there are no tweets that contain Garden Plain High School ...Tryin to fix that!
we're u at just got to crowd for
Get 1 Free* hour when you book for Thursday’s Blink 182 and My Chemical Romance concert at Cricket Wireless Amphitheatre with limobuses.com
i feel you
Thanks! We certainly hope you're loving the food! :)
Please stop dending to me
lol I've been here since last semester, I'm back playing hockey there again
I'm Blown like shyt moe lonely bored as shyt with nobody to talk too
Have you joined Artician yet?, your work is feature-worthy! :) You ooze talent!
I really want a cupcake. Instead I will have cottage cheese.
Interesting idea. It seems like the facebook to linkedin analogy.
Looking to take some #balletfolklorico classes in #Sacramento... suggestions? :)
The EDF energy advert just brings me so much happiness
*sigh* We'll be seeing it on Sunday Afternoon. Luckily, we've read the book several times, so spoilers won't be a problem. :)
Nevermind that u didnt even meet this chik till way after yall were together but shes at maid of honor status ? Really?
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot,nothing is going to get better. It's not. Dr Seuss, The Lorax
ok have fun
moes boyfriend of just told me all of my dancer friends are weird.
And ketchup on french toast does not sound appetizing.
Is it really Friday?
asked how to spell "Whatever"
As soon as they find out, they know what it is
mid to late July. We need to swap visits then. :)
Any idea or guess which skc player puts up the biggest numbers in the weight room? I'm thinkin , but who knows
Bill Clinton forever.
the BC is old already! Look at the Pack they have an old stadium and arent being bitchy about it!
Voodoo. like voodoo donuts lol, you'll understand once you come to Oregon! Miss you
Esssh , life is so annoying .
"it's important to find the sweet spot between feeling good & being effective" //
thanks for the share HTTP!
that happened to me once when I killed a bee at lunch.. Everyone clapped..
sigh. Maybe I'll just steal a car and run away.
And the bugs are actual bugs. Which I guess is a mixed blessing.
Block by Block | North Moore Street: North Moore Street/Block by Block x2014; In TriBeCa, Loading-Dock Chic These four blocks long are th
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <333
yeah, that's the kinda stuff I'm talkin about :)
And the worst part is: I take ambien so I can sleep. And I still have nights that sleep does not happen. It sucks.
now it works. Yes, had been using HTMl editor & video appeared, previously disappeared after saving with any iframe embed. Now works?
Road trip, day 1, hour 4. Driving through Jersey. Must say everything in Fred Armisen as Gov Patterson voice.
For more info type rl9 to the number 90210
Thanks for coming out to see us Thursday, sir!
Yup OSS Place hurting atm but will live maybe not sleep tonight but live lol
haha I'm doin math homework so annoying I hate algebra haha
Big announcement later today!
If I attend a fest, I like to go to local businesses & put up posters / leave postcards to drive in outside audience.
John King asks candidates to describe themselves in one word. I’ll do it for them, actor, swinger, zealot and diapers.
Have good day you all!
They were denied being able to practice their faith even here in America.
Jamming out to radio on :)
What's Going On TwitterFam?
what's ur email??
Just finished my last final and picked up my cap and gown. Graduation Friday. Goodbye college
cc RT “: Metta World Peace was the difference in that game. If he played all series, #Lakers win in five
Come on, Mr. Romney -- prairie fire? More like pants on fire.
Q: wassup., wanna txt.? A: Yea HMU
RT : haha, twitter needs one! #like - RT with the #like hash, it's the twitter way.
Jump on it jump on it
Thanks! “: = Eager to watch the #MayweatherCotto fight? Check out #boxeo”
Join Chuck Brown and Councilmember Harry Thomas Jr. right now @ Joe Cole Community Center 1299 Neal Street, NE
I don't always get #PinterestGuilt, but when I do... I punish myself.
NICE!! Come on pens!! Dont lose it!
Yea budyy!!! Front row at the concert at the fair
Shit working on music bored as hell -_- lol
everyone who has followed me, if I haven't followed you back, just tweet me and let me know. So I can follow you back.<3
Thanks Teo! Glad you enjoyed it. I enjoy writing, just wish I could do it more often.
RT : According to my timeline, Thomas Dimitroff has surpassed Chuck Norris. #falcons AGREE
#DidYouKnow that #SandraBullock and #BruceWillis are former bartenders? Maybe one day you’ll see a SY bartender in a movie!
excellent. I would be happy to email/ chat with anyone who has questions
One last "Woo!" for you, Robert!
ty for the follow!!
I'm overwhelmed! Just found a book that's depressingly close to my topic. Hoping the weather is decent for my drive tomorrow.
When you willingly take responsibility & ownership even for the failures, you're positioned for magnificent success.
SportsCenter doing analysis of a game that was played 16 years ago. Ohh, I love you
and if you were wondering the title of that masterpiece is "object"
aw wat you was on
2 New shows posted @ bobbieadair.com
Follow if u love honesty and is a Steeler fan...great guy that's not afraid to speak his mind
Ok Well What Do U Think About Performing For Fredonia College? My Sister Goes There n They Have A End Of The Year Show
its cuz im so sleepy, and im just asking random questions....kekeke
who u betting so I can go opposite? I need a win bad!
Haha thank you=]
When your coffee doesn't wake you up, make the 2nd one stronger!
Just sell it.
daytona 500 night racing oh yeah!!! can't wait and im happy those people who work can go race tonight and watch tv at home!
I love these people!
Thanks Community. Now I want to watch Blade. And that movie isn't even that good. The sequel's pretty sweet though.
Can One Of You Guys Give Me Ur # So I Can Send You A Pic I Want For My Icon?? (:
how does it feel to like someone and really wanna know if they like you back Rt this if you feel the same way <3
i hate when ppl just be walking in my room, bitch knock first!!
follow him now
Love the #aprilfools initiative by This is going to be a 4/1 on the network... Might be wise to simply not log on.
compulsively tweeting and texting one or two people. :P Anything interesting on tv?
is anyone else following 's live tweeting of his visit to his grandma as avidly as i am? not kidding. will he eat the borscht again?
I like to drive late because there's almost no cars out so it gives me space and time to breathe, relax, and think.
Oh well I guess I could take one for the team and have a few more! XD
End of the 5th, Score remains 3-2 #Dodgers on top.
Successful business people are those who are willing to risk everything to achieve something meaningful.
Looks like I will be uninterrupted for the game tonight. Thank you Pinterest!
I wonder if Obama is reading the latest Caro LBJ book right now.
Still nothing nothing in the first period - Go Sharks!
Arcade/ has MONSIEUR, by Emma Becker, coming in November for your 50 SHADES OF GRAY fans.
RT : Great deals on preschool furniture.: Expand your Preschool Arts and Crafts area with our selection of Unit Block......
I'm looking for some guest bloggers for Anyone interested?
Sunday nights are the worst
I ain't here for a long time, I'm here for a good time.
Prioritize? Like if tobacco kills 10,000 Hoosiers a year and text-n-drive kills fewer than 100, you pass a text-n-drive law?
Looks like only in personal accounts for now, but it should be coming soon to GAFE
Vocals almost done on two new tracks. :)
re: You're welcome! Hope all is well.
Number of drug-addicted newborns triples - The Salinas Californian
I shouldn't go to Target. I shouldn't go to Target. I shouldn't go to Target. If I say it enough times, it'll stop me right?
I held every beliebers' dream; I saw Justin on the world tour(: I have some fun facts that I can share(::
Hey what do you think of this draft so far?
beavis and butthead u guys are funny u guys say funny stuff
Being one of the first people to ride out the new rides at Six Flags. One of the benefits of being a Gen Now Club member....
Stanton: Jerferson personifies many of the contradictions of American society.
Why do you oppose it?
thoughts on our old material let us kno! Be easy though those songs have been around for quite sometime lol
Youth Prayer! Tonight at 6:30pm.
saw your reporter at the #CUNY grad center occupy today. If you want photos/video to accompany your audio, let me know.
With the acquisition of Tim Tebow today, does anyone still think the #Jets have a real long term plan in place to build their team?
yes!! Woo :) anyway so what you up to? Apart from tumblr? :p
i love memphis
A crime has to involve mens rea, a guilty mind at the time the act was committed. It's not motive, but intent.
I've never studied this much for math in my life.... All I think about is numbers now.... Its pretty weird.
well, there was that time with those shoes in Detroit ...
U gt it luv,,,check out sum of da Muzik win u gt da chance luv!,,,I tweet u da link!
Thanks I appreciate it. Just a rough day
is my favorite new productivity app! The potential applications seem to be endless.
It's excellent therapy. What class and level are you?
to what pool! Hahaha
We work with our clients to create cultures of collaboration and personal commitment
Score! Both of my short films were accepted into their respective festival/showcase...too bad I'll be onset during both viewings :(
make sure you listen to the radio today, I heard they are giving away $20 to Denver Diner...It's no laser tag but it's close
RT : I can't believe that no one wants the 2 extra tickets I have for e Columbus Jazz Orchestra on Friday night!
Thursday my first film I produced will premier at w hollywood! So excited
I know righ that's what I'm wondering !!
I am gonna slap someone ... I will have an app built just for you.
Cody...Cody... For that you get to run laps!
I want you, to want me..
RT if you want an Ariana icon!
If ya pussy wet without stimulation, you ain't got good good, you got a YEAST INFECTION....
don't make me spank u
i dont think she understands the sacrifices that i made
LETSGO...ILYALL BECAREFUL MAKE IT TO ME SAFE SOUND
Alright, it's time to stop tweeting like a lunatic and do something a little more... narcoleptic.
ChampionZ blowing up the spot BELLA NOTTE (Norwich, CT) TONIGHT
I read it in about 20 min it goes w the album and brings def to the songs, I appreciate it even more, can't wait to relisten now
"It's a miracle."
I hope im wrong...
Your post inspired me to explore the product. I want, need this.
#DenverBroncos have #Decker, #SanDiego #Chargers have #Jammer. It's a wash.
Son of a b...whore.....ahole
Even though in life u have felt beat down u have kept standing . stay in the fight cause the victory is urs no matter what ur opponent says
Hello Wendy "blue check mark" Wild! RT : I respect that!!
Standing still is the fastest way of moving backwards in a rapidly changing world
Follow back i am Still waiting for sometime
work 16 hour days to get 8 hour battery life
. says it will be a "tight summer" if San Onofre isn't up and running. Could be rolling blackouts if another unit goes down.
No im not deleting my Twitter because I'm not following someone you think I should be following.. TF 0_o
I still can't believe "Mama's Boyfriend: didn't turn up on My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. Please release the single.
Lakers Baby! Kobe is the greatest playing the game
.// my LOVE for you will never end , your always be a part of me as long as time keeps on passing by :))
Just turned on the radio and #Boyfriend was playing.....made my day!!!!
Time to get my work bearings then. See you soon.
What a butthole.
spin that wheel. “: how did all this hangover get on my brain?”
will do when I can get back on. have a task manager set to block FB; only 30 mins a day and I already maxed out.
What do we want? Evidence-based change! When do we want it? After peer review!
“: Im siked for football already. #BeatChatard”
oh superwoman
Jim Ripp playing all your requests right now at Ivory Room!
don't tell me you're gonna do something and don't do it..that ish pisses me off!...
For the fist time the outer world was perfectly attuned to the world within; it was a joy to be alive.
Thank God that Marian Hossa is okay!
A starting rotation that can actually pitch...
Not sure that is what he is thinking! I think is feeling alot pressure! He hasn't been needed much, but I agree it was too much.
How do we ♥ STL? Let us count the ways: So many fun, free places to visit - , Citygarden... What are your faves?
one of the lifers..gonna post all updates on so so def & hip hop
you will be done by the time i get there. Lol
Blowin MONEY , blowing STRONG , I swear that's all I blow 💨💨
"Hardcore Pawn"? rly?
Thank You! Have the courage of your convictions.
#SomeWhereInTheHood someone owns a #timeshare they need to get out of..
Dad just finished singing the praises of and So bored.
Getting robotic with and
Hey....stop raining. Thanks. - Bryan RadioNOW
I love keeping my desk organized. I think it makes me more efficient!
smelling the lemony scent of carpets being deep cleaned. Aah... the week before classes...
The girl infront of me is so annoying -.-
and who was your favorite server? :) had fun hanging out with you two tonight ! :)
Lol even more of a reason
follow me back
Newark Public Library patron thanked Reference for all the support we've provided & with the news that with those tools she located housing.
A housing market turned upside down, but the vehicle to economic recovery.
SHE BLED FROM EVERY FUCKING HOLE
Working on the weekend setlists for shows in Portland, ME and Cambridge, MA. These shows are going to be off the hook fun!
Ppl always have time to tweet about how they don't have time..
#808Pride try get with me with no money ohh no
OH really, i haven't tried from my phone.
Brady is gluten free. Ugh, lost my vote.
Are u kidding me with this comeback?!?!!!!!!
Impressions of the boy wizard film in one word?
I appreciate many of the things has shared with me during our marriage. This cold is not one of them.
its a quarter after 1 im a little drunk and i need you now
#Celtics starters: Bass, Bradley, Rondo, KG, Pierce.
Finally am getting around to updating content and adding projects to my site.
Did Verb and Hitman get Bodied.....??
uh, I probably know and talk to more 18-25 yr olds than you do. I'm sure of it. And it is clear that >90% donT watch
Who taught #Tebow how to throw a football?? His Dads
#HappyMothersDay to all the moms out there that never stop teaching us and caring for us! Have a wonderful day!
Powers out. -_-
Don't leave the one you Love for the one you Like because the one you Like will leave you.
"When we come together in LOVE, all things are possible.
yesterday you only sharpened once!
I still like Mr Peace though.
Same here..many outdoorsmen/women here.
my hubby has pretty good taste in clothes, so I can't think of anything to be honest!
Am still in total shock! " Supersamsays WTH Donna Summer passed???? She was mad young!!!!
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
I wonder if I can donate whateverthefuck Chase doesnt have in his knees to him.
HAHA and every single roberto in the rooms gotta get the fuck out.. Their not ready for all that
Ready for some Keeneland
Bring back the rain
Lots of hockey tonight make sure you go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the games live and free just register and gain access enjoy!!!!
I sleep on the weekends.
thinkin prospective bday gifts...how much is a lifetime supply of smartfood? Tour of smartfood factory? Txt w/ suggestions
“ I miss when I was little, and didn't care about my weight, clothes or hair, I just did what made me happy...”
Interesting mix of ballet and contemporary from a dancer I'm pretty sure we've seen before.
thank you! <3
87 followers in our first week of twitter WE LOVE THE SUPPORT we are here to help, ask us anything and we can talk about it. Change
:) Girl I'm trying! Been walking a lot, even got an exercise ball today, just had spicy tomato soup.
You know you're in the country when there is a black Friday line at K-mart
I love taco night. So much.
Creativity is inventing, experimenting, growing, taking risks, breaking rules, making mistakes, and having fun.
Hi Mageela! I'm one of your classmates in 's class. See you in #MyWANA!
I always wonder if my mom was ever a fangirl like me …
sell your degree, admin skills, and software knowledge. :))
Do some online comparison pricing on similar vehicles with similar miles
If THE SHOE DON'T FIT%;WHY THE FUCK U GOT IT ON%;IF U TALK ABOUT NUFFIN IN YA RAPS THE U DAWIN%;
l love your new main pics in the heart. That's so cute! How did you do do that?
Stonewood and The Vow for Valentines Day dinner :)
"Love doesn't make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile." Happy Valentines to y'all !
#onethingIdontlike the food industry
fucking $150??? WTF?! my hair is at the maximum length only 3 inches!!
Love life....
School is about to start...when do you go back?
nice to have you in the house!
I see, are you doing a play too right now?
I smell like an ashtray. Gross.
Finally back on twitter.. promise to be more active this time :)
Thanks so much for checking in with us this weekend and !
Plz pray for cookie whos in the hospital after their car slid in the car and flipped
That seems to be a division decision, out of reach for our committee. :-(
Flatbread Feature: Grilled Chicken, bacon, provel over marinara Soups: Korean Pork & Vegetable or Raspberry & Blood Orange Gazpacho
RT Who followed and wants their shoutout? Tweet me "KUSH" if you did! IM CHECKING!
I clearly was joshin u
It's crazy how this weekend I saw a freak jawn turn penn state into the players club...he made it rain on her smh
there's no salary cap! The question is: Does Peter Angelos want to pay ballplayers. Not "what to do with Adam Jones?'
Anyone with thoughts on autism and librarianship is encouraged to contact for discussion.
MELLO WILL ALWAYS MEH ,MY NUMBER #1 BROTHER SO FUCK THE HATERS LIKE REALLY
I concur
And if I never hear from Big Brother again, I'll know who to blame.
oh no no no... Watch it now...
You're welcome. Happy Mother's Day!
Right . ugh . i need new Guys in my life . Lol .
I just want to lock my self in my room for the rest of the day.
A SIMPLE MURDER written by a real live librarian! Award winning author
. . . Texts me whenever possible to constantly remind me of how he feels . . .
Do you enjoy sharing your DREAMer story? Send a 2-3 min video to for feetintwoworlds.org
Sow a thought, reap an action; Sow an action, reap a habit; Sow a habit , reap a character; Sow a character, reap a destiny.-Samuel Smiles
Just registered for the #perfect10miler Should be fun and going for a personal record:)
DM we are about to announce the lowest cost, most effective digital learning solution available. Can your group help?
“: countdown 3 days! Catch us in the Rose Garden for some sweet promos!”. We can get our gelato!
That girl is poison
Be Right Back ;).
Can't wait to see Super Moon tomorrow night!!! Last one was in 1993; 18 years ago!!! Good night
It's time to get my fix on... Theo chocolate & salted caramel...get in my belly!!
Friggin love them!!
Absolutely!!! Let's get tickets on Friday :) RT: want company for this one too? ^_^
And he could be a shady lawyer trying to get big, but I'll give him the benefit of the doubt on that one. ; )
ok..if you're reading this, and you are FAMILAR w/the letter "y" go LIKE us on facebook! (Thx !)
We hope you enjoyed the Mobile to the MAX Webinar! Share your thoughts on how we can improve your experience
I love this fan base, my family- Justin Will Make Haters Believe Supporting Justin Is Like Breathing Kidrauhl Is Our Sexpanter - dead.
Last Tuesday Don Julio's González Estrada, the industry legend and founder of Tequila Don Julio passed away.
You're welcome. (That's better) lol.
Damn this bitch ass rain came out of nowhere
Everyone is safe and settled. Long day of travel. Tomorrow we hang with the young moms and their kids.
shush you!! lol
Make it better today...somewhere, someway.
no sweat for the Stacheford
Fresh oil change I'm ready for a road trip lol
Just sang some Elvis for
Do you have a loved one in a nursing home or assisted living facility? Be SURE there is a disaster response plan in case of emergency. ASK.
MOM ALWAYS SAID FREE #Chadevans2!! #wronglyconvicted & rotting in prison for a crime he never committed. What a waste of money, poor NH!!
GOT ME GOOD! Apologiezes to the real I got punked by fake account. Sorry for overshadowing tough announcement
Help your immune system with herbalife tea mixed with mango aloe m (did I mention it burns 80 calories per serving!)
RT "I will not back down from making sure our food is safe."
Sleep? Yeah I like that
will do :)
I want to hear Hoobastank perform some Pablo Cruise.
It is a shameful day for North Carolina (and for the US).
hey whats been going on AT THE HOUSE..?
#FF App of the Day devs for the first week of 2012: Have a great weekend everybody!
Me and frank go back since one of my first case of the runs. THEN I had chipotle and that took my ass to a whole new level of runs
: - LIFE JUST GOT BIGGER - MAJOR ANOUNCEMENT COMING UP THIS FRIDAY
This dude just came out the bathroom stall & didnt even wash his hands Note to self: dont shake his hands lol
I'm at an Arnold Boston party. How fucking weird!
Almost time for another #DTLA #ArtWalk, this Thurs. April 12. I'll be at DAC Gallery for "Recaptured End", among others. Stay tuned!
hey im Heaven im 12yrs old nd i wanted to no how do u edit those pics on fb i no its a fake but there cool can u tell me wer u edit them :)
Happy cinco de mayo ! 🌵
I love my !
I noticed your post and wanted to tell you that thegympro.com has great workouts that would be perfect for you. Check it out
Builds Character RT This baseball season has an upside: my son gets to see the Red Sox I grew up with!
We want the cup!
"ALL MEN ARE IDIOTS, AND I MARRIED THEIR KING"
i command respect
As long as you promised to drink a ton of water first I'd eat a box of Cheezits that you've peed into. I love them that much.
actually, a lot of faculty members, especially in education & #edtech, do research without grant support
As fate would have it - Deccan Herald
That's what insane and vocal minorities do; make it hard for everyone else. But I'm sick of part of my identity being hijacked
It is idle to dread what you cannot avoid. -Publius Syrus
Latino power hour
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
Went to the Kids Choice Awards! Can`t wait to see the slime and the nominees!
Rockin it w
and, by the way, we are all paying for it as we speak
I'm really hoping Dennis Kucinich wins. Whether you think he's a total moonbat or savvy politician, his input/influence matters in Congress.
Yeah, if I was sitting and home with my little kids and some jerk just walked through my living room I'd be pissed too. ;-)
Break a leg, babycakes!!!!!!
We have grown so fast. Our council is the same size it was when Austin was 50 percent smaller. That needs to change too.
haha well then the salon will have to have a mini canvas painting party!!! :) we don't want to miss out!!!
Did my #NOH8 shoot today, and I'm pretty sure I look like a douche
Solid reading day with and We...read today, right?
this is BLAC's official TX street team! Spread the word! :) and follow me please!
Northeast, not Nebraska, right? (re: NE)
Did you know that I have over 80 follower"s live tweets ALL in one spot? See what's happening in Sac when it happen on bartenderme.com!!!
So the #Broncos draft Brock Osweiler from ASU, now another Sun Devil in Omar Bolden, what's next... are they going to draft ?
Everything is a rainy mess in MD today.. But I'd gladly trade a box full of wet leaves for a bottle of West Coast sunshine!
Does anyone else feel like a champ when they finish one of GRRM's massive books?
I'm going to try for like end of June or sometime in july
im sorry for being that way, but all i can be is me
just had a blonde girl moment lol
NO SCHOOL TODAY!! We are open 11-8! Perfect day to find your dream dress!
“: When your days going bad just think there always someone who has it worse #quoteoftheday” bro your tweets are beautiful lol
Jason Clark goes baseline-to-baseline in four seconds for the layup. 4.6 seconds left after the foul
Really great debate in the House of Delegates of MSL () concerning reusable carryout containers at Univ. Sys. of MD schools
Taking care of all my work and home admin duties, aided by warm beverages.
"Goodnight my friends.. Long day tomorrow... All in Gods timing... Good things come to those who wait.. XoXo"
I don't know what's more awkward, answering Dora or sitting in silence while she stares at you.
on it
Jesus loves me yay!!!!!!!
I wonder why lol
RT : CREATE YOUR OWN LANE
Setting my alarm for five? I should just kill myself now
Waited for 30 min, no help. #bestbuy poor customer service
we're not so worried about "star power" maybe cuz we work as team...
Thank you!!!
yes you did. And it was a good one too!!!!
. "Race is quantifiable. We can see it. Who is being forced into bad education? Who is being incarcerated?"
Try that candy bar our way! Milky way: stoli vanilla vodka, Godiva chocolate liqeur and Bailey's with a chocolate swirl - YUM!
TGIF..come in today and choose from any of our strains of the day; Kushwreck, Peanut Butter Bubba, & Tahoe Blue!
Has anyone ever done a Shouts and Murmurs on NYT employee classified ads? Because someone should.
That awkward moment when you shout out the wrong answer in class with confidence.
great!! i miss your face
I've been seeing lots of ideas for collages lately. So I think we will try that tomorrow with some of the stuff D found on nature walk.
I really think I need to visit programs, meet ppl, sleep on couches, and share things like I used to.
The new Virgin America terminal at JFK coming along nicely, just wish there were a Headed back to LaLa Land
Final hours here at #snameam - we close at 12 noon today so come by the booth to save 20% on some great books!
Have fun! You'll do amazing like last time(: Follow back? (: It'd make my day(:
Don't miss our New Sivananda Yoga Class with Monica - Monday/Wednesday at 4:30pm in Midtown!
Fruitful meetings downtown this morning. Nice to also run into & !
I want some yogurt! Ill pass on the turkey dog. Haha
Double D da team run wit us or get run ova bitch lmao
Walked into NPR party just in time to hear the "official remarks"
do it
its really horrible pizza.
thank you baby! ☺
You know it, are you going? Tom and I will be there, we will get there by 10 but will get drinks somewhere close by before SubT
Happy b'earthday
is thinking of ways to save $ for another NKOTB trip/adventure. Meet them or not I still want another adventure!!
The one guy looks familiar!!!
Jim collins- Greatness is a matter of conscious choice & discipline #ASTD2012 here here! Mindset is what matters
we're using your pic this morning on
Can't help but wonder if 2:18 in Lines of Wax by Flux Pavilion is an InfoSoc tribute.
But a little sad to say bye to my trusty Taurus :(
Are you kidding me? Everythings my fault!
I like cheerleaders who say "ra ra ra" not "hav u heard what so n so said"
Also, Herbie Hancock, James Genus, Lionel Loueke, and Trevor Lawrence BURIED it in Nashville tonight
Bella Luna Columbus and I think 91st
Bitch im single...yeah I'm single
also, brainstorm the whole project before you start coding away. and with a simple project and go from there. also, BONUS POINTS
Angelica Huston playing Buck Hunter may be the best thing in 6 episodes of this show.
Got ur cd Puto. Had to pay 5 bucks for it but ur 1 of 13 fans left
We have a great Pulse class going on right now! Feeling the burn at Romney #Pilates!
loss of my respect NP!!
Oh I just can't wait to be KING
jumping all over it and sniffing it and barking at it lol
Sale pending on my Alien Bees, upgrading to Einsteins.
ok thanks for the quick response.
RT Great training and sharing of info with NC Human Trafficking Task Force looking forward to working
Thanks for making my job one of the the best in the library. The SOC is my community thanks to people like you.
I would talk in iambic pentameter if it were easier.
Mother arrives tonight. Must vote, clean house, finish work stuff. So much for a relaxing visit with her.
what the frick tim RT ok I'll add you, but for the record you didn't even say please... :p
sounds good. Where was the #thisdayinhistory tweet yesterday?
So sad there are no Chicago style hot dogs anymore at the B gates, ORD
thanks for the RT!
Haha I've never really looked at him, maybe I should. ;) I'm good, working. Today is my b-day. How are you?
Come what may, Republicans will be electing a "racist" today! Just follow their tweets and sound bites and you will know.
99.8 fever on my second to last day at work. Sucky.
that's how they "killed" her parents. Any chance they didn't find a body? They can't really kill Robin Scorpio! Will have to youtube
where u at? Trying to say, haven't seen u once
weight #training & 6 mile run completed. now I need to know what activity I can apply it to this year. perhaps #kendo?
Good one. Asians... Nice! ;-) lol RT : #describeyourpeniswithamovietitle Big trouble in little china
Happy New Years Eve! Good night!
Say yes one time they use you, Say no one time they plottin
: But they were just doing it for everyone's safety... (she says with SEVERE sarcasm ;) )
Also, Avatar is on and i couldn't be more happy about that. My dream is to one day ride one of those crazy flying dragons.
"The ToyMaker" has made the final round of judging for the 2011 National Music Theater Conference. Throw us some good vibes!
My first 2012 political prediction: the proponents of the marriage amendment will come to regret putting it on the ballot.
if we havent followed you back yet send us a tweet and we will! we always follow back!
Just applied for the Mentorship program!
i mean remember how those high schooler kids said come to my bunk ;) tonight E-7
awesome play jordan!
104 Years of the GREATEST Sisterhood Story Ever told! " DEEP in my heart, I LOVE MY AKA"
then put it through the lexicon
#WOFCollegeWeek entrance exam
What loathsome creatures the supportive gay friends of celebrity homophobes must be.
dark blue!!
why do you do this?
go on oovoo
im stupid and i love it wait was i supposed to say that
If anyone needs me I'll be at my desk dancing to Spacehog
Whenever I see at school, I always wish I looked like her
Idk.... im in tht kinda sad mood.
Parenting Tip: The new Twilight movie provides an excellent two-hour window for reading your daughter's journal...
I'm planning on dancing tonight ,
hell ya! Only if your doing it
“Many of the great achievements of the world were accomplished by tired and discouraged men who kept on working.”
Creepy! But definitely captures that concept of how creepy he actually is!
I'm learning to love the way You would.
yeah, that's about right.
Good morning to all my sexy ladies 
Thanks so much - I do my best to write fun posts about interesting startups - so glad you enjoy them!
I always find myself wondering about what some random celebrity is doing at this moment.
Family get to NYC tomorrow! For graduation! And my final play! How on earth?! Where has the last 2 years gone??
Ike: "Your are killing me, woman." Vera: "Not a bad way to go."
good morning.
My last RT dying of laughter LEE-AM on a unicorn :p
lol no I'm givin her compliment cuz some females let themselves go after having a kid and she didn't, she's still in shape
I thought we were going to take him. Oh well.
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay If a person yearns for their friend but the other doesn't reciprocate, can the friendship still last or is it screwed
😉RT : Any fool can cut you with a knife, The true bitch can cut you dead with a word.
i don't have that much faith in young humans. :/
I gave in. Hahaha
CMs express further concerns over solar committee's diversity.
A real good actor but, as a man, he's lousy
Keep your chin up hon. You guys are the best. Always have been. Always will be. Don't let anyone ruin that for you.
I think I'm drunk
new followers @ for a follow back
hahahahahahaha they told u to shut up again huh
Glad you enjoyed the show!
im an amazing stalker lol
#Belje #Grasevina 2009 is the best and most serious Grasevina we've tasted. Aging great! Whats your favorite?
I only cut cheese.
FUDGE. okay you win this round hannah cat. awks for me
If your workout doesn't feel challenging then don't expect it to change your body.
- of for sure. And really ended with a VERY plausible way humans go down... #dugit!
H shut Shawn michaels up!!!
Dear Washington DC weather...go play in traffic
Shout to my Fam that hit me cause they saw me in the video!
You see, I just wanna believe in me <3
lol if it's a sellout then why is there nobody in the stands; I guess they moved it indoors cause of rain
Why do banks lock their pens to the desk? If i'm trusting you with my money, dont you think you can trust me with your pen?
Mitt's economic plan would be a serious Bain in the ass to the poor and the middle class.
If it's not happenin' you're just not ready
sounds good to me, i think i have us down for 8pm but am flexible on time.
One of these days, and I will have a full conversation. Right now, we just chit chat. He's bomb. :)
was it a reunion...lol
Tough break. But an .85 is stout for your second race back.
Rihanna is a wondergirl!
when were graduated :) lets go to london. hahahaha jk
I hear 60's are the new 50's. Happy Bday homie!
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend - 3
you do realize that you just admitted to watching iCarly don't you?
Thanks! And of course I agree about Hammershoi. ;-)
In observance of the Yom Kippur Holiday, the #Museum will be closed tomorrow, Sat. Oct. 8th. Please visit us Sunday from 10am-5pm!
Well. Shows how much faith you have in humanity! Shocking!
#FF ::: Need Hot New Music - Hip Hop Artist to Collab with? GO FOLLOW>>> #FF ::: GO FOLLOW>>>
see you there! RT : Mixology & artistry come together tonight at Artini 2012! .... mixologist is crowned!
"The richest person on the earth is the one with their last friend not their first dollar."
Congrats to our recent #AUArts graduates and newest ! Don't forget to come back and see us!
Just getting home on a Thursday...thanks & for keeping me out
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there...including mine and my lovely wife!
Watch Tomorrow’s Apple Event Live [Apple News]
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/15/2012 and was under her calorie goal
how can we help on this great day? if you need any 1:1 time from the SP help line of the extreme printers, please contact @ .
Tech support and administration roles are to remove barriers to use of tech.
I can't stand her! RT : lol why did i "LOL" literally
Samardo led the team with 5 turnovers and 3 Jamocha shakes. Go
Teacher suggested they name the new girl butterfly after one of their moms. JT's hand flew up, "Stacy!" Only kid who knew his mom's name.
How is everyones night??
Doesn't get any better! (That's our humble opinion) RT : Lunch with my girls.
Ooowweee :-) #Hype its jus a week from today ill b out of high school !!!
not really(: and 16
Thx Jan So happy you liked it. Dear Catfish is far from gone. Part 2 is pretty much all Catfish. 2 coming this Spring, 3 Fall 2013.
hm. We.need to have a jam session. I could show you some easy stuff
Did you figure out how old Grandpa is? I'm thinking 91... ??
Let Him in
No talking for 4-6 weeks? You're toast!
Love the #stache on that
Bored with a headache
Private Practice finale >>>>
Happy Easter - remember each day life is full of remissions, rebirths & resurrections
okay... go and change you'll meet me in the car
Thank YOU! MT: THANK YOU & fellows for the amazing experience! One of the best things I've done at GU!
Congrats , you deserve today! Your a working woman now lol
In Oslo this morning. Catching the train to Gol soon for the director's meeting tomorrow and next week's conference.
Just threw my Burger King wrappers in the Mc Donald's trash can #thinkicare!?
Okay I'm sorry but I LOVE 27 dresses
Thanks! It was challenging chatting via wifi
yikes, I'd better drop her a line!
whoever put the vegan nutrition guide book on my desk, thank you.
Havinq ALOT of friend troubles, and I HATE drama. <3 I still< 3 U Julie, No matter what. :)
You'd love it here. I see them all the time - even saw one in the yard the other day.
It's a beautiful day! You can't mess that up!
#ThingsMyExsaid Who Ex?
#Recycling You will lose money chasing women but you will neva lose women chasing money
Happy Canada Day to all my lovely Canadian friends!
Did you give it mouth to mouth?
“: no way! Lol I've gotten way better :)”>>>we don't believe you, you need more people!
Smartsy is coming to #life30 Augmented Reality
Shout Out<3
Dr. Ralph da Costa Nunez is up to talk about his perspective and give his years of insight.
Im calm now but this smile on my face will be hard to take away :)
BVEN Boutique GREEN. This week green linen pants, reg price $88 now $59 green tunic top/dress, reg price $44 now $22. Plus all other...
a very hilary obsessed person;)
What's up rockstar? :-) Looks like you had a really good breakfast! Keep up the great work in Boot Camp!
Im I there yet
EXACTLY why I stopped watching. RT Before this goes any further: I'm so sorry about this, Freddie Mercury.
Secretly Y'all, y'all! Stories start in a few w/ a 17-piece band to follow
my vote would be for of in both the 'thinker' and 'doer' categories.
Is the "treatment" called that way because working on it is what heals the diseases of the story? I believe so.
Just wrapped on an amazing project "Dystopia"
oh yeah...crying.
check your DM :)
No roomate, the rest of the semester should get fun..aha
Can you please give status of Philadelphia- whole family is there, and i can't be. maybe Medford, NJ (my house)
There are more than a gazillion 'coincidences' about 9/11.
We love it too! As soon as we got the sample... they we gone! RT omg I'm in love! Chocolate fudge cake on phase 3 maintenance
so having a first look at Director, and it is pretty freaking sweet.
why u dont follow anyone ?
Dont matter... Spurs takin it all tho... >>RT : Nah. Just see past this Heat taking it all facade.
I loathe these Austin HS kids who crowd my Thundercloud!! Whatever happened to sack lunches and the school cafeteria?
When someone asks if you dominated the pro bowl..."yeah, it's me"
Been jamming to for days
Addicted to The Sopranos right now. A decade late.
"I feel best when I'm trying hard. And when working, I always try hard." (Joseph Gordon-Levitt)
really not sure but now I don't think I can support larry b. He shifts too much depending on contributors.
Futurity and Format at #MIGC: The glitch, 3D as 2D and surveillance and films.
Bahaha! I used to put candy in my diaper and eat when my parents weren't looking! Omg embarrassing! LOL :)
My timeline is dead
It's off the menu but we've had a ridiculous amount of people asking for it, so it will be back next month! Sorry it's not during sxsw
Dayan Jeremiah: "The chat worked out of the box on our sites and it is live now! I am very impressed and can't wait to start selling this!
my profile image > all others
boy i tell ya
there's so many paparazzi . Damndamndamn . Hate it so muchy -.-
Im real ass nigga.
TO ALL U FREAKS! that like 2 FUCK HARD & GET NASTY! go read the freakiest & #REALEST tweets!!! #GoFollowNow -->
I apply Vaseline religiously
I know I'm unloveable, you don't have to tell me.
OF MICE & MEN ALL DAY EVERYDAY!!!!!
Never give up and keep believing in what God has promised you. Have a great day everyone BAMM :-).
Very excited to welcome to #crew96 soccer nation as a seas tix holder, all the way from Chile.Watch for him at games in July
So nice that I just want to nap ALL DAY!!!!
sailors equal buggery
While you busy tryna fit in im gone stand out .
also weird: I met a self-described "Traditional conservative" last night who is a troofer and thinks Hamas is justified. huh?
Hello central standard time!
Heartbreaking loss.
Nice … except it's not. ": Goddard says Phx at forefront of sustainability with recycling #sustainablephx"
No problem.
We are road tripping out to with our Bloggie Touch in a trailer and would LOVE IT if you could cover our story!
hm?? Maybe your hacked?? Try changing your password
did you guys stay at the Mexican motel lol
Didn't leave a msg
Am I crazy or falling in love Is it real or just another crush Do you catch a breath
*dishes money* make it rain RT"RoadToRichesss: *Makes it clap* RT "Speakmehmind: Round of applause b
Lol.. Me too!
Dirty bike & movies this week, sounds banging.
now i just have to be patient and consistent to june july
Thanks, Melissa :) I really enjoyed your song and also learned plenty from all #TRMA585 Counseling students
You fucking bitch....
u can to wait for me! 'cuz of course than I'll to watch! I never will to lose! Love ya:{D
How 'bout we trade #SXSW for Pajama Jeans and Forever Lazies?
hm ok I guess that makes sense. I think I'm reading too much into this movie
I'll pass along the high-5 Susan! -Gary
Nash or Rondo? considering contracts and age which better fit for pdx? although I think both unlikely
once a man...twice a child
I'm on my way to school-____________-
So much to do, yet so little time..
A year ago, I was in Taiwan, on may way to a pottery museum.
Hahah! I was going to name him Pufferbelly, but he gives me and my office-mate the stink-eye, so now it is "Stink-Eye".
RT : It's 2011 - when is the NAACP ever going to change its name? Are they still trying to use up all the old stationery first?
Simply put Mayhem Nation...
-"making a hologram?" Seriously the best excuse I've heard in a long time; maybe ever!
Photo-shoot completed! Spectacular work ladies: Props to as well.
Just a reminder: Paul Haggis SUCKS!
happy birthday!!! Were gonna have an amazing day :)
Had the most amazing weekend!! So great to have a connection w/ others that is positive & creative!!
going to the city today with my cousin<3!! cant wait!!
Yeah buddy. Da Bears!
Gotta love the fact that the 1st thing does after winning #TheMasters is give his mom a hug!
would be nice to be able to ship to all the hungry fans around the U.S., huh? :) Thanks for thinking of us!
Cjillin out to a great band
New day new dance -A
Good meeting you today, man!
just visited a friend who lives almost entirely off the grid - incredible! something to aspire to!
you're in the keys?? Can you stay in one place for a second! Haha.
no problem!
There is an abundance of money out there to be made. No need for me to see anybody as competition.
what state? Also, dm me your email! (:
Damn voiceover version of #BladeRunner, blah
Watching some 🏀 with a queernamed Wesley lyron
o iight im iight miss ya
. Oh no! Someone stole my meat dress idea?! Now how will i make millions & bring home the bacon... Wait a minute. Dibs on bacon pants!
By attuning to the Self within your entire range of desires pertaining to the body mind and intellect disappears. You reach human Perfection
TONS of stuff on sale right now for the holidays! merch up to 70% off!! At www.nightowlmerch.com
Scratch that. Free:
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success ~ Swami Sivananda
At party's I always throw on a ByH mix. It slaps n makes the parties better. True storry
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over. -F. Scott Fitzgerald
How long do I have to wait until I do another marathon?
Haha, why thanks. (Watched two episodes of it last night. Totally holds up, all the time, every time.)
Start new school today Epic MMA. Now I will not have to go 3 places
I really wanna get colored contacts.....
If this team couldn't hit Jeff Suppan, why would they hit Miguel Batista? God forbid someone starts Elmer Dessens against the
It's 2 weeks into the new year. Are you still on your health and fitness plan? Don't let your resolution for better health fall apart.
it's goin strong man. Thx. Still jammin on the guitar and doin some crossfit? My wife is doin crossfit now
Rep. Lanning says Conf Committee is going forward and hope the Vikings can come along
I already see what's up and what's about to happen
I might be one of the edgiest writers out there...
When you have a child you can't never shit in peace
#levonHelm has passed. A #music #icon is gone and we're sad!
Will you be joining us Monday for judging?
UPDATE: WE ARE WISCONSIN UNITY MARCH AND DAY OF ACTION WED STILL ON! Library Mall 6PM. March to Capitol at 6:30PM. Details TBD stay tuned!
Coming soon. “: Hey Mo, Is your app on the Android market too or is it just for iDiots? =)
We open in 20 minutes and a juicy cheeseburger is sounding pretty good to me right now. m...
What games are ya'll playing this weekend??
#airbrushing all day tomorrow
I hope Clay or Arsenio....right LL ?!
Just hit 1000 downloads OVERNIGHT! www.FrostClick.com www.TheSlidersMusic.com
Happy Birthday to Dan the Man!
lol. How u liking twitter
Thanks for sending! I will definitely check it out.
Psychiatrists are guns without need of a brain to pull their own triggers.
Watching the View... Bruce Jenner just said that his children have good character... Showing your cootch in a porn video is good character??
Bitches out chea giving lap dances for juicy juice
especially disc 2!
If you guys are interested, we'd love a guest post about your services on our site!
Whoa. announced coming to party at #PXYSJ. You ready?
Oi, North Carolina! I officially dedicate every bowel movement I take for the next month to you. Cheers!
Man i need to be on some shit like this..Forreal!!!
hey (: i miss you too! what's up?
The hassle + fees associated w/ changing/canceling/rebooking flights is argument enough to fly Southwest all the time. Airlines exhaust me.
Going to school. Gnna wear my teeshirt! :P
oh Diddy, you're so big time, hope you remember us little folks now that you're on your way to the top!
ah... then you don't teach high school. The man keeps making us fit our syllabi to his schedule.
watching "i am legend"
Are you on the Olympic countdown? What sport are you looking most forward to seeing?-CJ
u probaly have to pay extra anyways. But as a wrestling fan its gonna be awesome.
I can't belive she left us yesterday! #RIP Jasmine ! Forever in our hearts! I see her everyday in school! This is so sad! Shesinabetterplace
Rodgers!! Who would you want to see win a Championship first: Lebron, Favre or Woods?
not a bad idea, but i feel keyboards and typewriters are far stupider....touchscreens are just not precise enough
Happy Birthday brother!!!
May the Fourth be with you.
Ooh, found another house. Cutest neighborhood ever!!!!
Well I like it instead of abbreviating all the words. Even though I do that sometime
everything is good...what's good with you?
ok...done in the studio for tonight. Need to research re: trapeze artists for a small commission piece.
Not quite sure; will check with ppl I know who work on intellectual property/tech/writing & let you know anything interesting
I Love you ;D
Not a big conflict; we might just hold off until we can schedule a weekday outing - figured I'd at least check. :)
purple is the color of seiu t-shirts service employees int'l union
Lets make it ;]
Football soon<3
good football game tonight, had lots of fun! (: now homework....bum bum bum
Hye Nialler, thanks for following me back ! We love you so much !
Probably a good thing. Not sure the Olympics is ready for God Save the Queen.
make sure you check out my sister at webber's tonite she will be hosting tampa vanowens in the city of reseda see you there!!!!
mm, i'm guessing middle-aged men who proudly call themselves luddites and spend their time lamenting change.
I ship you with....... CHRIS MARA AND HIS BIG BOOBS. ;) (ONLY YOU WILL GET THIS)
I will always love talking to in Physics.<3
your most welcome king HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
stay strong!
I guess I'm single now,wantin sumbody who doesn't argue evaday,kno wat love is,drama free and a female who put her man 1st before other ppl
Any genuine philosophy leads to action and from action back again to wonder, to enduring fact of mystery.
I love clean sheet day! Ironing day, not such a fan.
#GirlsWithNoAss Might as well be a nun. (;
In honor of Mothers Day, #makemomproudtoday!
i think it'll make a full recovery haha just two big skids on my cheek and forehead, and a black eye :P
Long live Dick! (Clark, of course)
“When things go wrong don’t go with them.”
I race mra in Colorado. Are you in Vegas? I have some friends out there this weekend
Pretty sure I was treated to Natalie Merchant covering "Stir it Up" while on hold with Walgreen's. We are all lost.
Ha leave it to me to inadvertently perpetuate wiki conspiracy theories. Oops!
I haven't. I hate to ask, what's an Izakaya?
New video coming out today!
My nails won't dry for shit um hungry af can't wait to leave !!
Right?! I even bought the "Warm and Fozzie" O.P.I. nail polish. brown/gold + glitter = BEST.
I'll never love again.
People, there is a new Bill called CISPA, it's a lot similar like PIPA and SOPA. We NEED to stop this before anything happens. RT THIS NOW!
Sure hope the new Dodge Dart is a tad sexier than the older models!
okay so today i was a bit horny and i couldnt find my dildo so i stuck a banana up there and some fell off and got stuck! help! - lauren
Thanks for following:D !
You must read better blogs than I do-comments usually just frighten me about the future of America and the English language.
Finally at school it was a late start but made it
I'm going to Vegas, FINALLY!!
what up. You haven't called me back. What's poppin
Poor Mr. Stay Puft Marshmallow Man. m.......s'mores anyone? =D
#Rayj smoked some butt naked before he did that interview
went to euro Disneyland yesterday had fun still prefer Walt Disney World in Orlando but their Space mountain was better Euro Disneyland
LMAO at mo williams falling
I would like to thank the French people for their contribution to my song, "Fantasy World."
New York mornings. Cool, sunny and filled with aggression. God I love it here.
Ronnie, thanks for the RT regarding Hard Rock Rising. We MADE IT! Seladore will play the Hard Rock in Orlando!
Awesome job on today , glossedandfound!
Wow, Clever Cycles in Portland is gonna start renting out Dutchtubs soon. What is that? A wood-fired hot tub that can be towed by bike!
#LiveMyLife is playing in some car outside i can hear it through my windows hahahaha
Whereas natural laws of the physical world are inherent, cultural values are tenuous and only sustained via endless, effortful repetition.
#GOT is pretty awesome
All Jesus, all the time!
That'd be great, l love it when you play the guitar. ;))
Glad you made it out last night. Hope the mingling got you sufficiently warmed up for swing dancing!
Key to success is optimism in difficult times, remember that what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger!!!
Enjoying my coffee :)
I have years of experience spilling food on myself, but never, until now, have I gotten pieces of salad stuck in my eye.
do you have a Skype?
good call! didnt even think about that
Good morning all! Q: How many of you guys are using Instagram for business? Just curious how it's being applied on a business level.
You HAVE to see a Broadway show. Wicked is phenomenal. And Central Park is a must as well. :)
I wanna go to a club with !! We always be on the same tip ALL the time! 100 bottles
no. No. No. You're like my sister ! Lololol I love you !
Almossstttt too pretty... lol i'll take the one on the top right :-)
Have a great Memorial Day Weekend!!!
Astrakhan cropped pants @ #Prada. Oh Miuccia, how did you know!?
2) I never ate out, its much more unhealthy than most ppl realize, but if you eat out in Madison frequently it will show (in your belly!)
Those who say it can't communicate would use your example as evidence because it's likely not just 20 interpretations with 1 meaning.
's interview w/ in St. Louis will be up this week. Will he be returning to Nickelodeon? You'll know soon!
Our pad thai has won many awards! let us know if we can help!
Cleaning corners.
Thats cool...... and not the ice..lol
Agreed! RT : Things I wish I could do today: write to Prof Manning Marable to congratulate him for his Pulitzer.
Really craving some sushi for.dinner. gunna make it happen
Tonight I will be making some gameplay videos of the two new MW3 maps that just dropped. Foundation and Sanctuary.
I wish I wasn't do bad about wearing my seatbelt ... Im the worst at remembering to put it on
Tomorrow night we tap Big Eddy Imperial IPA! Stop down for one!
Hmph.. its time to mo my lawn again. I hate doing that shit! Ugh
Saw Dream House with my friends. One #Confusing Movie! But i got it.
burned 238 calories doing 30 minutes of "Running 11-min mile with hills"
one word 4 this picture
thank you!! i happened to buy fresh strawberries from the farmer's market yesterday so i'm tryin the recipe now :D
make it Friday. Thanks so much!!:)
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE** #tonefide x2
I have to see how we going to work. I know its not going to end well.
Comb it back -_- I dont like it
Girl, I just want a lil bit of that $$ lol
Partying like I don't have a flight in the morning smh
RT Fielder looks hungry for squirrel.
Over the yrs, edu funding responsibility has shifted from state to local school systems. 2003: 60% of funding from state. Now: ~45%.
Maybe Stern can fast forward us to that Heat vs. Spurs/Thunder finals series now for 'basketball reasons'.
We're ready for ya!
Evanston Symphony will be performing Dvorak's 8th Symphony. What a fantastic piece of music!
you okay?
So, I'm only just hearing about the Sacha Baron Cohen thing at the Oscars.
Looking forward to giving my lightening talk on #omeka today
+10 turd points! That show is the absolute worst.
"The fine print doesn't matter when you're cashing in your dreams.." Get your tickets for our last weekend before it's too late! 3234628460
Thanks for the RT and hope the PBL links come in handy!
love it!
Where are you guys tonight, again? I'll be done here around 9, may come by for a drink or eight.
we didn't even get to talk about Gossip Girl!!
Must hav coffee, less I fall asleep
Who's doing the shoot?! Where will they be?! I want to come say hi :)
sounds like it's a great #pdxcc12!
And I never told you what i should have said, no I never told you I just held it in
crap... is this really happening?! I'm falling asleep in the comp lab :O
I always do. :)
RT.dont u hate wen people r so mean??
STARTING 5 BEING REP'ED BY DEVIOUS TODAY IN COLUMBUS..WONetwork! ARE YOU GUYS ON SIRUS TODAY?
USA! I live in Pennsylvania, it gets really cold over here! Omg Holland is FAR!!
Today is my first day at my new job and I feel like I'm gonna throw up.
I heard bitches be missing me.
#YouKnowItsRealWhen everything feels right ..& deep down you know this Shii is real <3
The overly perky gate agent who's practically screaming "ZONE 2 WELCOME ABOARD!!" is pushing me to my travel breaking point.
we didn't talk much cause he had work&he told me something not likes its a big shook but im gonna text you what he said to me
I got it! The appreciation is mutual
Party hard,make mistakes,laugh endlessly. Do things you're afraid to do. Have fun,get drunk and fall in love;after all,You Only Live Once.<3
Is it too early to wish you a Happy Snow Day for tomorrow? What will you do with these RARE and blessed days of white?
Korede is the nicest little thing! I <3 CJ as well! Wish I could have been there!
I thought the Nate Dogg to preform as hologram at Coachella story was a joke.
Am I the only one who wants to see a Live Action-Stop Motion Porno? I think it would be awesome!
Tonight we will serving stout beef stew in a bread bowl, and corned beef and cabbage, true Irish meals!
Office rumors. Hate them!
:( that does not sound so enjoyable.
Just got off firewatch what to do
RT : Love that codeathons combine agile dev.w/ performance art/steam punkers #tummel - interesting stuff when combine the edgelings
This summer is gonna be so awesome! Think I'm gonna work out A LOT!
I just cut a banana You style even though you said don't try it at home (;
It's Not Enough To Know What You Don't Want. You've Gotta Know And Want What You Do Want More!
thanks a lot!
fauuuuuckyewww. Way to text me back
it says I follow you.
step in the name of love .
Take a moment & close your eyes: What would being healthier mean to your business - to your life? Fill in the details & think about this!
Such an amazing day #atx I feel so rejuvenated after a much needed wild nite w my bestie! & I completed all 3 workout sessions early 2day!!!
Ok so people on twitter can't hit me up no more what's up with that....oh you guys are something else....smh...
definitely an interesting read .
CAUTION: Once you go burnt sienna you never go back.
Tech week...we open Saturday nite!!! Come see it.
nah, you knew me back at UT. That would count somewhat as knowing Jay Gatsby. lol
I'm thinking he had to fart.
There r so many people out there that ruin great relationships by living in their past.
soccer small word, easy to spell, difficult to understand, IMPOSSIBLE to live without
I HAVE TO <3 I'll text you if I come home soon :)
SO right. We do it, and we love it. is one of them we give too!
no you na dme friends forever
thank you for the brownie it was pretty good, anytime you wanna just give me a treat i will gladly accept it.
o yea I had one yesterday Lol
My birthday is on Saturday!! ;D
They have gyms in colleges/universities.
be my life coach... oh wait thats right your struggling too
Kush Hour Tv- Excepting video's an songs to be featured- Artists, Models, Comedians, DJ's, Promoters submit to:
Especially now that universities are having budget issues. Mine has cut our retirement benefit in half in last 2 years.
I heard that too!
Ahh... finally done being chef. Sipoin on some naked juice.. yum. :)
My Personal DataSafe Announces Help For Potential Tornado Victims with... My Personal DataSafe takes disaster preparedness to a new level
1st week juggling 3 teaching ESL gigs is going SLOWLY. Somehow it's exhausting and energizing at the same time.
awe! You're very welcome :D
and we cant wait for you to try it!!
check out this photo of by
I wish but Chinese food do be doing that lol had some oat meal
awesome, thanks! Aren't they playing in Philly soon?
#teamfollowback I follow all who follow me!
Can't sleep, so I'm fine tunin my playlist before my djing gig on dec 16 and then again on dec 18. Two separate djing events. Yea work
Wahh took back my Armani shades!
BBC Radio 1 have announced more than 25 acts to take part in the Olympic Hackney weekend festival.
It is the little things you do, which matter most.
You have so much swagger every day. Girls want to be you...How'd the chicken turn out?
Thanks for the RT :)
but i'm on it now.
shout out to my boy and his clothing line...check out his flickr and website for Snuke's first big modeling shoot!
Worst day ever -.-
YW... we were so looking forward to it... there's always next year :x
Prayer is the most important conversation of the day.
Shotgun Suge....when he battled Midwest Miles
#amen RT : #Capricorn will never try to change anyone, but we will learn to accept them as they are, or walk away completely.
OMG he is making me so nervous i dont know when it will be but i know it will be tonight tomorrow or sunday he is going to propose to me
Are u from Australia ?
Follow back :] LOL your username is classy ;] :D
Good to know! RT In the past 2 years, the number of teens on Twitter has doubled: ow.ly/8OADU
obvs!! & where shall we go? RT : We do! And we should probably get drinks after :)
I hate cause Jordan is my favorite. haha. I won't lie. Still does not fit.
I need ta find ah ride but if I find 1 hell yeah ima be up der u already no
lmao how about later
WOW!!! That's awesome, you need to come a little closer to Nashville, I'd LUV to meet you!
Who's off to the Newark Xmas light switch on this sunday 11-5? and are performing! Also a funfair and fireworks!
My wife would love dining in Atlanta. Every restaurant has Coca Cola on tap! :-)
awww Nya are you okay? If you need to talk im here!
i liked the latest item on using the conservatory model ... i just wonder where all the resources will come from ...
if thought I was gone you were wrong, I will be back to spam some more!!!! >:)
Is it bad that my friends and I are the best stalkers I know...?
I'm focused on two people and a well known source of light. Me my lady and God.
RT : Mount Rumpke is the highest point in Ohio at over 1000 feet and is made up entirely of garbage.
if you have ever bought the contents of one you would understand... :-)
We live a generation of not veing inlove :/
Get involved at the Urban League! More info about volunteer/internship/mentoring opportunities, visit us at idealist or volunteermatch.
Challenge and shaping is I believe part of the Christian walk. #mkBiblechat The more I learn the more I realize there is to learn
Sale: Office furniture us at 317-917-3266 or inbox me for pics or come by our office at 4755 Kingsway Drive ~ Indianapolis
just saw a white woman at the post office with a Black Panther Party t-shirt
Wow I really just wanna sleep all day.
Thx for the mention!
QBO works fine with Chrome without any Chrome extentions
Hahahahahahah Franzen just tried to impale a nashville predator
Obituaries of very successful people can tell you alot about the winding and difficult path to success in any field, profession or endeavor.
lmao, that thing is creepy man haha
Hm technical difficulties continue
The tweet. That you made. Remember?
Obama did not talk about B Palin;it was her in typical reality celebrity train wreck that asked Obama to apologize for Maher
Looking forward to the extreme amounts of ridicule I'm going to get for not knowing who Joe Paterno is.
the shit you hear about me might be true, but then again it could also be as fake as the bitch who told you
IM LIVING WRONG TRYNA MAKE IT RIGHT
Wow, the gym kick my a$s tonight!!!
Im hearing this standing ovation on the radio for Andy & I wish I was watching it instead!
only one solution to that... Vegas! 18 days, book a flight
yeah enough of that has been
Congrats Peyton on becoming a Bronco, Denver is a beautiful place for an old horse to be put out to pasture.
i cant wait to see you <3
im tired ass fuck , omg
wow, hadn't thought of that! so true.
Just saw cows getting it on..ew.
. Congrats on your first #PGATour victory today! Hoping this opens the door for many more wins to come.
I'd see Avengers again. Next weekend?
#TonyParker along with the rest of the Spurs are the reason the Spurs get 5 this year
That jimmy Fallon soccer bit was the best thing I've seen on late night in quite a while.
I have so much homework to do but I choose to go to the movies.... Oh well
Dang, that's pretty awesome. You seem pretty important.
