lol RT: : DJ Moore on the streaker: "It seemed pretty cool to me. I thought he was going to take his pants off and everything."
People are sitting on the floor in the library.
He was a clever, thoughtful guy.
idk , im being called up from J.V so 2mm is my first varsity game ever
im tired...
Live your life, take chances, be crazy. Don't wait cause right now is the oldest you've ever been & the youngest you'll be ever again.
needs to get off his phone
Plan For Your Retirement Today! Get info on 401Ks, IRAs, and Mortgage Planning. Free articles Available At www.retire.retirementjunkie.com.
If you wanna see something totally hilarious, watch Blackout on Syfy! These people totally freak out!!
They better not mess with My Mimi....I'm just saying.
so sorry for what u & Maya went thru today! Glad she's ok!!!
All the 'coming up' announcements sounded like threats
I didn't know you were on twitter!
Get rich or die tryin
Whatever happened to "Sisters before the Misters" ?
nick Johnson combo meal....Never thought I would see that again.
On average a 500-calorie slice of cheesecake will take jogging for one hour at a five-mile-per-hour pace) to negate it. Ouch!
Mayda just tore it up at The Amsterdam! The Japhies are about to throw down.
Great article on Christian art. RT : Don't give in to the temptation to cut and paste art://t.co/gR51cotr -
What's going on at the Boston Post Office?? Traffic's crazy
I wish they would bring back them old Bermashave signs along the highways. They were fun to read and sometimes interesting!
Email fm Donnie Collins-"Groin or Quad injury. In Int lg, there is only a 7-day DL."
My favorite thing to do after a nap is immediately take a second one
I'm shocked at all the transphobic comments on many of the Against Me! videos on You Tube. Wish it didn't have to be that way.
Yeah I was a sensitive little child. Lol I find it funny when my parents tell me stories. I was an evil little girl. Lmbo! :p
I used to be the same way, but I found a great dentist, hes cool, hell talk about game of thrones while cleaning my teeth :)
Equally intriguing Antiphon for Psalm 20: We will run after thee, in the savour of thy good ointments. The virgins love them exceedingly.
Have a gr8 weekend :))
just throwing it out there
haha thanks! do you have a favorite song?
People need to stop going to LA.
Moved onto the second Body Count alb, "Born Dead." Iceberg sounds pretty intimidating through a pitch shifter.
Chick-Fil-a is open tomorrow!!! ........fooled you. Now THAT'S a cruel April Fools joke!
you should tweet me because yolo. c;
Hell Yes ;o
Yeah, remembered that after I hit "send." Still plenty of other more versatile utility types in camp, too.
i think im gonna pass out!!!!! #CodyBTRTour is gonna be AWSOME!!!! Talk about
don't change a thing
Truth exists, only falsehood has to be invented.
lmao “: Most costly iPhone auto correct ever? It apparently changed 'sing Levon' to 'sign Livan'.”
Had a feeling you would like the one!
I want that robe and whatever gold shimmer is on your face. Oh and your tan :) lol
ur like...swimming in ur feelings right now
I'll take our liar over theirs any day RT : The head coaches in the 2011 Sugar Bowl...Oy...
Everything with mass causes light to bend =P
Bob's Burgers while waiting for glee
I fucking love . They should play a show with us sometime ;)
Gonna be awesome! RT : Adding great breweries to #EABF daily. Today's adds: and
"Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll
I'm sorry I will miss the party :( Congratulations on the launch!
We are HEAR TO PARTY , and we won't stop until your all smiling :) H2P
Mandel property management in Milwaukee has the WORST customer service! Rent the sky?!? Luxury high rises? I say rent somewhere else!
Fav! I'm craving for dblcheese + fries + medium milo + cinnamon melt + double choc = yummy ! <3 I'm lovin it !
We miss you Steff! See you soon!
I want to delete my facebook but I feel like if I did I wouldn't know about anything that goes on...
ha! , I have the same situation. (plays the tiniest, blood-spattered violin).
nothin better than a good sunset
When my mom tells me to clean my room for the cleaners to clean it, it really gets my goat... #doesntmakesense 🐑
RT : Middlebury College will use 's Faculty Search Solution to manage all faculty searches starting this fall.
the oven and I are usually friends, but we're fighting at the moment. Lol
Thank the Lord for Church!(:
Do you write for free or do you want to get paid?
parallel entertainment :)
Hey you should give us a listen if you have time :)
Are you going to Sea Change tonight?
Yes, thanks! At least my site is unequivocally hacked, as the giant HACKED label attests.
Steve Tyler and Carrie Underwood FTW
I HATE MY LIFE :/
Looking forward to the Clark County Democratic Convention this weekend! Who else will be in attendance?
Hawkeye: even less compelling when perpetually winded.
thank you! We will.
Im a freshman with senioritis
Wahoos is one of my fav places to eat
anxious to see that one with my own eyes.
you know it"s true lol
Goin to chicago with
Hi Shelia I am. I will in box you in a sec
congrats Austin <333333
thank you sir. We are all pretty stoked here:)
Got the herbs (basil, thyme, chives) and tomatoes (Bradley, Boxcar Willie, and Black Seamen) into their containers. Go ahead and rain.
Cant wait to see my bestiesss
Why do I bother with social websites...
S/o to muahzz
Okay, people. Tomorrow morning, 9am, Santa's coming to town... er, I mean the very first Rise+Design at The M with !
The only reason why I keep my mouth shut is bc I hav a goal in life, a bigger picture, nd I dnt see u in it, so therefore ur nt worth it.
Not liking this weather... not at all.
I'm a very confident, comfortable man. Just not a fan of reading, responding to, friending 'shirtless' profile pics. Call me shallow o_O
Have a great weekend!!!
Same thing happened to us! Oopsie.
All truth. Keep up your great work for the Kingdom RT : thanks for that shot out!
The Calories In Starbucks Coffee Frappuccino Light. With sugary syrups and towering whip cream
it's freaking cold!
Perfect review and spot-on analysis of the typical Oasis (Noel) fan.
awh bolin is all sweet and adorable
Do girls know that just because they look good that it doesn't give them the right to act a fool.
Getting ready to lecture on Oliver Stone's Wall Street at Northwestern. Again. I used to like this film.
Oh dang, wasnt expecting that!
Alright everyone....I think it is about time to "LIKE" Rance Wright on facebook...become a part of the cool kids club!
For nausea, treatments are commercially available as pills or injections. Wouldn’t it make more sense to use a cream? Call 412-681-6400
And she's wearing yoga pants too!
my whole body is aching, My lower back mostly :( i hate this pain i wish i wasnt in pain but keeps me going :D goodnight everyone
OK we all use to hang out. Its Ashley they called me nunu
Wish i could move away and take on a new identity. I dont want to be me anymore.
WHY CAN'T JETTIES BE CLOSER TO CAMPUS?
haha wish I coulda came tonight! Sorry I couldn't!!
#fyi Today is the day I change the background on my phone from winter to summer! Pool-time will be here soon!
Just now..yea that was a haha moment...they're giving me that look again from the other room. If they only knew.... O.0
1 true statement ... "Business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.” thanks
Exhibiting along with TRACx81 members at the Ocean County Library, Toms River, 101 Washington St. Now thru Sep 29th.
what happened when Sergio was 178 before the Williams fight and "had to cut a leg off" to make 154?! You said that!
wow the koo
How was Cursive?
imagining a world without state executions
I never did over think those words until now.
Time to get some shots up
On 2nd anniversary of health reform law, a shout out to my friends 4 all they did 2 extend health coverage to all!
I'm so scared that we might lose #GLEERUMMY, guys.
“: ": 20 days left #teenwolfseason2 #teenwolfprobs" ” yaaaay!! Been waiting for quite some time!!
did u get to chi?
not the part where you aren't punished for playing :)
Service industry folks, join us tonight for SIN night. Enjoy $2 rails, $3 calls, $3 bombs and $3 select tap beer from 10 p.m. - close.
ill take this over snow and freezing ANY day!!!
Thank you Lizzie!
picture of Soss
hey justin plz follow me
Its a room full of n***** what you following me for?
Woah! 36 not closed! Driver error.
RT : I'm so upset with myself I'm not there this year.. Next year!!
Super Bowl fever has broke... And, now back to work. Ah, Mondays.
A healthy body is a guest chamber for the soul; a sick body is a prison
Find the bright things in life even when you're surrounded by darkness.
amazing new album!!!
- What are you cooking?! We're so excited to see the amazing spread you all have been working on!!!
s/o to nf
thanks Elena Rose:) have a great weekend!!
COME TO CANADIA.
Congrats Andrea! Hope you'll be nearby.
Watching my really guilty pleasure .... Bad Girls Club Reunion.
The only thing that ever sat its way to success was a hen. -Sarah Brown
Off to run errands. Yipee!
Things are just... Nheee
you would still date me huh? Lol
Watching Gov. Snyder's budget address online at www.michigan.gov/snyder
Your ass can't go cause of your teeth? That's the most sus thing I've ever heard
Not sure if Dexter the Dachshund thinks there is another dog on the other side of the mirror or just stares because he really likes himself
lol. I've done the latter when I'm really, really, really tired...
Wow - congratulations!
You probably should. OH GOD i havent seen the community for like 3weeks. -_- i keep missing it
clever guy!!!
yes sounds amazing. I always get so much shit for owning Seasons 1-4 on DVD. <3 Grams
I'm up for some practice rounds!
Has the baby entered the world yet?
is on twitter! Kids you should follow this guy if you know what's good for ya! Tell em I sent you...
She could love you good but i could love you better.
Go Aztecs! RT : Good morning. Just three hours to #SDSU kickoff!
Your powerstroke turns me on more than you do.
- better yet, how about you send me you email, and we can talk that way.
“: alrighty!!” Just kiddin. Wendy's looked better
having a good day so far..
BOOKED a principal role in a Docu-Reality Program Sizzle called “Job Seekers” produced by Uba TV.
I seriously have no life, much less friends.
Two lanes of the Beltline going west at South Towne Dr. will be closed until 6:30 p.m. so crews can repair pavement that buckled in the heat
BoJo is a nice addition to the show.
Anyone want to come drink tonight? I got done Bacardi and Jack....
Headed on an alligator tour right outside of New Orleans.
Thanks for the follow ! I hope you'll get a chance to visit my house sometime soon!
Did I dream that win? Go #gophers!
I couldn't sleep after I realized that I have no idea how individuals woke up on time before alarm clocks were a commodity
Mr Brown funny as shit
good morning(:
Yea, it's a lot for him, and for Taylor. He really needs Tay right now...
I still can't believe Amy Winehouse is dead!! Wow! Loved all her music...what a tragic death!
Chorizo said its his girlfriend MaryJane's bday today and I can meet her before the game if she ever gets here. He said she's from Mexico
Skin Treatment Important Information To See | SO7 Studios ...
No, I don't need your iPhone screenshot of the hilarious text conversation from last night, nor do I need the weather report for my city.
Oh the San Diego Padres are on the road so no Jessica National Anthem there
Point Park's World Series opponent, College of Idado, won the title the last time the Pioneers were there in 1998.
“ Fresh up out the tub feeling like a million bucks.. I think I cut my leg shavin tho.. Lol” WASH BEHIND UR EYES LOL
check out www.everywebbs.com to find out about my journey so far to Every George Webb restaurant. 26/38 done!
Earned my G.I. Joe code name this weekend. Man Down.
(I don't want to take them off!)
Small world. Just went to a German-Turkish-friendship-buildin-feel-good journo thing last weekend with those folks
Life is like the tide. Movement means it exist. Sometimes your up, some times your down. Just stay moving.
- a great opportunity indeed. Look forward to more info.
our panel used screen mages extensively.
Hopefully a show will come up bear you soon. Thanks for the support ! “: Denver co”
"We rock the boat, Poseidon" hahaha makin' a comeback
What a beautiful day 27C/78F - summer ! Love it !
This weekend is zom com time -- 'Shaun of the Dead' starts tomorrow!
I nominate for a shorty award in #green because school gardens = healthier kids
Takeaways: Get youth involved, make access to trusted info available everywhere online, don't push-involve & inspire
Keep piling it on em birds
Have my theater MD hat on today. Some days I wish I didn't own this hat. Shows open in 2 months and now talk of changing the plan. Help!
Happy Birthday! I miss the pizza there.
G'Ready to listen to music i pick pray put my head phones on and didnt hear anything i thought they were broken but it wasnt plug in
Good Morning hope you have a wonderful fulfilling day & Great Breakfast bar w/a side of orange juice...Check ur email, Okay Bye
13th: FrackPack - a suite of tools to visualize the impact of hydraulic fracking/nat.gas production on water resources
1st round of survey invites sent out. Studying law jrnl publication policies w/
and I fell a special peace and comfort when I'm with you
Damn my nigga just went super hard on me in 2k11 forreal ..
Life changing dream.
The Carter 4 is very good.
Finally back in Vegas!!! Home sweet home.
WTF. it says you are in manhattan?! and yes,
Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will Feel Alright
Most unpopular politician in WV today? Let's see... Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) is doing his best to keep WV out of the Big 12, sad, mad & blue!
No plans 2 miss any future games. Last trip was booked months ago. Expect 2 B there Saturday night.
Ran my first 5K at today!
“: Manny Pacquiao is somewhere laughing right now.” - #Truth ...
dear mac, please work nicely. dear server, please let me on the network.
See our discussion from this weekend so far
oh yes
No, he was wearing an orange shirt as a hush fell upon the screening room when he entered.
Donner Pass, please be gentle on me. I'm a new hiker and I'd like to live through this with all my body parts. thank you!
*Sigh* I've been craving a Milkyway for two days now.
Nobody Perfect, Nobody Perfect aye aye But ya Perfect for me... Thats my ish!Yeay
Omfg Twitter stop acting stupid -_-
was really hoping you were coming to Oregon, but good luck as a huskie! Glad your caliber picked pac12.
Why can't armenians pronounce 'seven'? They always say 'sevan'?
I'm in the studio during road trips. But we don't do our show when Peachtree tv covers the game.
Prom pictures are horrible!! :o
And lunch is still in the fridge. Dang.
I'm picking the New York Knicks to beat the Miami Heat in the First Round of the NBA Playoffs. Let me know your opinion.
you better be betch. I think we are gonna go camping for graduation.
Why do the NFL officials continue to target the Pittsburgh Steelers with bogus penalties? Theyre on a mission 2 keep us out of the Superbowl
Mahatma Gandhi said, “Be the change you want to see in the world”
Me and have a very good relationship we go and play Frisbee every Tuesday.
can do!
We have openings today! Come get pierced or tattooed, Tom, Jane, and John are all open for tattooing and Vern is open for piercings!!
okay i see you
Bout to get my eat on...
indeed, good times! haven't had the migas at Julio's yet, but am looking fwd to dethroning one of my top 3. thx for the tip
Last call, ppl. Get your tickets for a night of hip hop and fun w/ Cincy Ad2. Learn more here: www.elementzorg!
' Trying to get my tweets up lol I'm done tho!
when punky didn't even know my name.
Got off work so early. What to do now
Who would like to take me to see Rod Stewart and Stevie Nicks at the Bradley Center? Because isn't willing to do it...
Combing through some beautiful HD footage of #FirstSquad for a top secret project. Can't wait to get this one started again.
Rutch on crutch
"Blasting a stick" BUAHAHAHA nobody says that!!!!!!
oh honey!! Don't get me started! Lol :P
iMA #JUSTIN KINDA GIRL
😢i cracked my ipad screen, who kno somebody dat can fix my screen? :(
Thanks so much for coming today - and great questions! It was exciting to have so many of the master's students there!
All the lonely people/Where do they all come from ?/All the lonely people Where do they all belong ?--THE BEATLES
Who Needs A Fake I.D? DM Me.
I think what I should do is eat a whole lot. That always makes me feel better.
Ask your gay friends what rap/hip-hop they listen to... you already know the answers though...
I got some Diamond OG kush to match up witcha
Wow, nice attitude. Where'd you get it? 'Abercrombie and B!­tch?
WE WANT MORE SHARK TANK! WE WANT MORE SHARK TANK! WE WANT MORE SHARK TANK! WE WANT MORE SHARK TANK!
yea seriously getting the gears in motion for the movement
I never said I got over you. I still like you. And I don't wanna watch the girl I like delete.
Liam's face hahah
truely sorry I couldnt go to the freshman frenzy :(
Taking my Bootcamp lessons at "the nail and cuticle pushing factory, inc."
Today is my last day at work. Will miss you GTU Library!!!
Okay, cool..
next week works. Do you ever play poker? There's a bar with a free game on tues/thurs?
No mater wat people will always hate... So just do u and be ur self... Enough said...
Back on American soil baby
haha good call!
The best part of me was always you.
Happy day to all...Its seems World Events and Gas keeps going up as burnt cash!
Friday night we hit Cowley's in Farmington for more hijinks on the open seas of your mind. Bring a life preserver.
I try to avoid the mall. Last time, I saw a girl in a banana suit.
Just saw Super 8 with my middle son, David. What a powerful bit of story-telling that was!
of course ; honestly ; im REALLY happy for youu poo.cuz ii kno you not a bad person .&& you deserve som1
Not being able to see At The Sight Of You tonight made me so mad. Today was just awful! Gah, I'm going to bed. I hope tomorrow's better.
Remember failure is success turned inside out.....so stay positive & go at your dreams with all your heart..failure happens when don't
Fantastic job cast and crew! This run was truly a magic carpet ride!
THANK YOU!!!
nice to meet you last night!
#arentyoutiredof rude ass people!!
I almost died when I found in my magazine today. <3
that RL have overstepped the "bounds of civil discourse." That's music to my ears.
I guess its church tonight
that's the design fee
That dog is staring you down, too!
Chuck Brown - Bustin' Loose
Thanks for the RT!
MY BESTI WILL ALWAYS BE IN MY LIFE, I WISH IT WAS SUMMER, I TO CHEER ME UP :(
so people don't do that on here?
being recognized at centercourt for D-League Championship
sorry to hear about this
": Brunch with a patron sour..... is it too early to be drinking?"never too early! (as long as others are with you,lol)
We are looking for the hippest online Muslim fashion and accessories stores in USA & Canada please suggest them here!
I fell off a jet ski, into water, and broke my leg
No, Twitter, I do not want to follow Mitt Rommney.
I need to get on top of that too!!!
You going in like a Lil Wayne Drake song! Rotf OKAY! ALRIGHT!
Thinking about how long it would take to grow a $$$ tree and how many scratch off tix do I need to buy?
SINQ: Wee folks crowd-sourcing science questions shared in the Life Relevant Learning session
A group of several people with camera phones are recording the Q&A session. Check Youtube later this evening.
That's fine! She seems normal haha
Polish Festival yesterday, today! Yay, #toledo!
Conditioning/shooting session with the little bro
I get to work on this beautiful mothers day! YAY!
haha! You just made my day :D
NIKE Camp School and #1 ranked and TN Director play Giles County tonight for Sectional Championship!
Do you want to design the next poster for Get in touch with
Style is whatever makes you feel however you want to feel at that moment!
#Blagojevich statement keeps getting interrupted by people chanting "free our governor"
Rapping the refresh button on austin's page to see if he has reached #5OOKMAHOMIES yet #itsamahomiething :)
Checking twitter on my phone while my computer is up in front of me cause I'm an IDIOT.
or just happily modified.
I might go. RT ": I bet all the sophomore hoes are going to the game tomorrow.. in other words, all the hoes I hate."
My phoone is so slow
Yeah, I think they r a great band
got my work out on and my slushie on with my boy
Up too early to find out I don't have to be at school till 9:30
#igetThatAlot everybody wants SEO advise but few are willing to pay for it.
Elease really not about that life tho
#erl12 faculty questions: what's needed, what's not needed?, what's not here but multidisciplinary? What's not on any lists?
Only major plan for today pre-#doctorwho meetup: head to Ramova Grill for lunch...and to say goodbye.
Oceanside Police: The death of former NFL star Junior Seau is being investigated as a suicide.
I’m not one of those girls who will sit there and let things happen. I’m a girl who will go out and make things happen.
UFunny.The 1st time I saw him I said "That cute guy got 2have Puerto Rican in him w those BigPuppyDogEyes". No lie!
I wanna go on the ABDC stage and prove to haters that DREAMS COME TRUE
Yeah its a risky thing too do but maybe he will take the vet minimum
I get emails informing me that i havent checked facebook in a while and i may have missed some important pictures and statuses? #seriously?
I can't believe you haven't seen it! It's very entertaining. B LOVES those movies.
come home from work, pop open a landshark, and listen to michael savage, doesn't get better
RT : OMG DO NOT TAKE PICTURES OF STYLISH PEOPLE OUT ON THE STREET AND ASK THEM WHERE THEY GET THEIR CLOTHES!
It possible to go to McDonald and ask for a McDouble with lettuce and tomatoes
When watching the snow now, I hear you calling out every time someone enters someone else's room.
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
Clay Matthews showing he's more than just a pass rusher. Nice pick!
You're welcome. I have mad faith in you. :)
I "need a heavy dose of ritalin", and a nice relaxing climb up a tree. I want to see the city limits with a focused mind, centered, in love.
happy Friday guys!
jealous! See you after!
I bought them online! :)
lol mom got on status so what todo lol wow
to who exactly ?? Lol
Shit I'm with it, All the way down 4 it joe. Summers almost here!
We made it to SPICMACAY's classical Indian music concert last night @ UVa... awesome music + free samosas = great Saturday night!
The Dark Knight Rises I'm guessing this movie is sponsored by Viagra.
regardless this series is proving me wrong. This is just ill. Again you don't respect Miami so you think everyone will have a shot.
That bison sacrificed the yearling like Shane shot Otis on Walking Dead #Frozen Planet
Its friday night and the temp is perfect!
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool imma jack off in class .
RT : I dont really care who read my tweets thats why my page aint private
Wow! Really busy week but being busy is great!
Not that us PacNW girls have it figured out, but its strange that Cali girls eye brows change colors and range in size.
Like anyone
hey guyss ! (: iwont be doing the story iwas doing anymore ,im sorry ireally am ..but its because im writers blocked D; BUT IM GOIN TO START
Computer Games is my favorite album ever!!!
I can't tell you guys apart when you're both being goons hahah #lovebothofyou:)
The yolo for cats is yolnt…… you only live nine times!!:)
Lol im seating here thinking of something deep to say but nothings coming to mind.. Oh well
The tan/boobs combo on 's avi is legendary
ladies and geeks - it's official that n will be at El Mari Chi Chi this Satday at midnight.
He's one in a million, which makes my chances about a million to one...
hahahaha!!! you know, i think that's exactly what said, too! ;)
I grew up in an unincorporated farm town so I totally get it man...
Things will always fall apart.
can't thank you enough for spreading the msg about GBESS Telesummit! You are promoting #green #biz success!
Thank u for the recommendation. We will definitely think about keeping the tax forms outside.
I THINK THAT IS THE BEST SHOW ON ALL OF TELEVISION.
“: she be at everybody” 👋 hi hater
Oh my god...wait a minute. The Giants won the Super Bowl?!?
": this white guy is fine as hell.. lmao I don't even like white guys lol I love black guys"
A couple of Latin Restaurants on 161st as you walk toward Grand Concourse.
I am only an intern remember. Not much pull, I tried lol Keep trying don't give up.
Ice packs my foot and heating pad on my back. I just may be getting too old for soccer. Perhaps water aerobics will be my next sport...
Excited for 's launch of thinkbinder.com—awesome new tech to help students study. Check it out &
Biden! Rocks the constitution! Perhaps he has studied it.
Wondering what my #photographer friends think the best ultraportable camera is, for when I can't carry my DSLR. Any advice?
#Crazy night in your mall. Lots of chaos: 9:30p police chasing a man through mall outside the theater. Not my kinda night. Sad.
Dude just stole my parking space and said "first come first serve." I was like "this is an apartment complex stupid...I paid for that spot."
"i found you!"
not currently, but I have in the past - how 'bout you? do you have compassion for this cluelessness?
Sometimes I get in my moods, but then I realize how amazing my life is and how much it would suck to be anyone else.
You're so ugly, when you walk into the bank they turn off the cameras.
Denver Walk to Empower donation deadline extended to July 17! walk.networkofstrength.org/denver. Ensure no one faces breast cancer alone.
Correct. Night. :p
are we doin this mañana or que
I JUST WANT ONE SO BADLY AND I DON'T WANNA WRITE THIS PAPER AND I JUST WANNA SLEEP AND DRINK.
“: you shoulda came out last night. I got swamp ass and batwing!” wtf is batwing? Lmao
Wait what? Orlando came back?
Getting my hair trimmed for the hair model shoot tomorrow for a T&G fashion show by the coordinating director of Tony & Guy. =]
We love your style !
please tell me you still have my bottle of svedka safe and sound in your room?
thanks!! have a great weekend!
let's be honest, your brain didn't even go down to Miami with you. ; p
Why am I up ?
it totally kicked my ass! i think i'm gonna stick with it, no wonder i was in such great shape at 20, hahaha
Invites all couchsurfers to join the twestival this Thursday!
I HATE Dom being the 18 over Soony. Absolutely hate it.
Swear I Dont Like People For Nothing
Central New York here
to enjoy the hell hole that is white plains...idfk ?!
What did the undergrads do?
Looking forward to see you more in near future.
it's like: move forward in your life, get a good job with upward mobility, gain financial stability, afford a house... or try to be an actor
i've never hosted b4
2 weeks left of summer. Oh sheet
yeah tobacco causes flares
Perhaps "arguing"is not the correct term; however "confrontation" is sometimes necessary with "bully" behavior.
than why did you askk?
let's do it
Funny how things happen sometimes. Opportunities suddenly come knocking and then it all makes sense why a certain door had 2 close.
it could be a tricky matchup for the spurs. clippers are very athletic and we remember what happened last yr vs. the grizz
Ya Buffs!
"I probably wasn't there 15 minutes...when I suddenly came right out and asked her to marry me"- LT on wife Fran
Newt should manufacture pre-cogs on the moon colony.
Beginning Round 1 of our all day vet extravaganza.
It is said the #thatcamp gods are capricious and vengeful so thank you for the suggestion.
#TeamFollowBack Follow Me And I Will Follow Back.
1.5 weeks till i go to hawaii. So excited. My band gets to play for the anniversary for pearl harbor.
STAMPED-N-DIVAS DID THE MARCH OF DIME WALK ON SATURDAY.LETS GO DIVAS!
:) RT : seriously follow and dnt unfollow -_____- dnt be dick and do it D:< #NOW! #NOW! #NOW! (:<
Good luck and preemptive congrats!
"That was beautiful. What did I do?" Nuke LaLoosh
RT : #IfIWereAPet They damn well would have to treat me right.... I hate when ppl mistreat animals!!
rocked the whiskey a gogo last night! check em out!
No need for a new bodyguard. The Top Hat won't make it to Vegas, but the ring could serve as an extra weapon to help protect!!
Summer nights feel so good :)
Parents of tattooed teen sue NH school district - Fox News
I hate school.
I sent the email questions today. Answer whenever convenient, please.
YEAH, BUDDY! I'm sure they can blow a few picks on Lawrence Phillips types, though.
#BroadbandBreakfast Kamber says #Connect2Compete "opens a door" for Seniors even though they're not the focus
Got to the gym last night, started working out, then realized I still had a heart drawn on my hand. Thanks !
Met you in Atlanta 2010-Jan. at the Salute to Greatness afterparty. We were the couple on stage performing at the afterparty.
607 s. 12th st east nash. Tonight & tom we play. Snique said he got a new #
REALLY, BROOKE?
Starting to think I can only write at Starbucks. Bad espresso = hopefully not so bad prose.
It's from when I was overseas, I'm being deployed again in a few months. ^_^ Be gone for another year.
oh okay haha I thought I was missing out on something, the rumors were flying for the past weeks.
S/O to PaperStack Graphics - D.Jones
.. Come eat with us (obvious choice)! See if there's a reservation available :)
If you get a blood transfusion from someone whos really drunk do you get drunk too????!!!!! #deepthought 💉💉🍻🍻💉😝😜
I think it'll make my paper better, but including it adds a bit of unexpected work.
Oh how I miss that office
Want to cover the 2012 HBCU Awards? Contact today.
you know it
If Kathy & Hoda can drink wine at work, why can't I?
Listen to Win Alison Kraus & Union Station tickets at 8:40! Show is Mar 31 at Playhouse Square!
General Cartwright says Lead in prevention or recovery is best approach -
how bizarre they should make it Elvis Preseli day :))
i miss Cullen in the #greenandyellow. dude is a monster.
daughter because she is such a good child who has had to make many sacrifices because her brother has a lot of special needs.
OH: "I'm not saying I'll never be in a relationship again, but that person would have to be head over heels for me." That is awesome.
Unemployed mom of 3 facing eviction gets clothes & toiletries for her kids. We give what we get.
RT "How about don't do it. That's appropriate." In response to how actors should appropriately handle unsolicited drop-offs.
Need motivation
There are still places in this afternoon's workshops starting at 1:30. If you'd like to attend one, please stop by the registration desk.
If you haven't been wearing blue all day, then go fuck yourself. That team from the big 10 sucks
Have a wonderful and productive day! : )
Voices in the Clouds sound mix is complete!
The mind goes on forever. So learn as much as you can while on earth.
Christinaleona.com come with me in my journey!!!! Follow my blog. Retweet please!!! :)
Apparently it's OC's Prom tonight; be careful guys and have fun! 😊❤
#VIP #Follow #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Thank you sweetie for your cool shoutout. Have a beautiful Week! : ) XOXOXO
I love when I get to diagram a sentence to explain why it's grammatically incorrect. Total
Its been a good day! Time for bed now!
The #teaparty fights for the rights of the 1% that they're not even a part of. #occupywallstreet fights for the rights of the other 99%.
i have two prom dress options I just need to narrow down :)
Thanks for being so cool!
Do you have need for a Sales Rep / Full-Cycle, Direct Hire, Executive Recruiter with a clinical background and 12+ years of consultative sa…
Today was amazing<3
Thanks to my sista for taking me to find my outfit and my sista B Love for the room can't wait we going in!
#LoseMyNumber because it's not like we talk anymore..
Done turned straight business, left dat other bullshit alone.
Thanks for the follow Sabrina, we are checking you out!
Great performance from the boys last night. Got the W and most importantly backed each other up. Thanks to SKCNation for showing up!
happy freaking mother's day to you too.
Signing remodeling estimates.
I'm an American, sir, and I will never bow to those who wish to destroy me or my nation.
Thoughts and prayers go out to the Schwallie family. All gave some, some gave all. Thank you Jake.
We are painting the bball court this week @
of course. Those guys rule. Hope to see you at the fights
BOUTA HIT DE LAB.!!!!GOT SUM NEW HOT SHIID NEED TUH GET OFF MA CHEST
Beach day with the family ☀💗
If you can change one thing about today's government, what would it be?
January 23 AND December 1, but no special day for tiny pies. :(
Comedy of errors at the yoga studio. It's too early...
PJ & Hillary played well. PJ had a few nice tackles at the LOS. Hillary was beat deep once, but a poor throw saved him.
I also have power blazers, I could wear one in solidarity with you if you'd like. I'm not afraid of shoulder pads.
yes, i want.
3-0 #Brewers in the 2nd as Tony Plush tickles one into the outfield.
was there really a quote from me in Twist magazine!!! :)
From Craft in America: "Threads is featured on the PBS Arts page! Watch short clips on artists Terese Agnew,
There are very few people in life with whom you can have real, meaningful conversations. Be grateful for those who can and do.
You stealer!!! 's my fave character! :)
Thanks for the follow. Do you know ?
the do/don't-learn-to-code thing seems to be a real windfall for people who needed something new to argue about
Countdown to NIOSA, This might hurt a little...... I'll be there about 6:30...... Holla. if your in the place we'll meet up.
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.18
Our rad sound man Wayne at Bryan St Tavern got chased by a chicken while mowing his lawn before he arrived
I keep my grammar well rehearsed, correct each stutter, every slur, come on and have your way with me.
Thanks do much! Glad you enjoyed the show! :)
Reggie got a little too excited. "yes... Yes.. Yes" yeah we get it.
I wish was a relationship councilor. He would probably be the only guy my boyfriend would ever listen to.
Have you seen the Harry Shearer doc The Big Uneasy? Good stuff
I forgot you had all of my Spotify playlists on speed dial.
thanks so much! Love this sunshine. Hope you have a great rest of yours too :-)
leaving the bar I'm in Houston when u coming to c me
' culture disgusts me: lazy, no responsibility for actions, and lack of empowered decentralized employees.
lol you gonna send md a letter?!
Hey! I finally followed you :D
you gave got to be kidding. No more Melo or AI thank god
These are the Pieces of Me!
Doing good. Just got back from a few days in Oscoda on the water. Always relaxing. How's life in the D? ;)
I used to have peace serenity teaching divninity break bred sippin on blood eating with enemies
Syracuse is going to have a major foul issue if #OhioState keeps getting it inside!
Slight Work
You have to have a mission critical purpose to hold a community together. True for any type of group.
sorry i'm not DmIng you my laptop died so i had to use my phone! Aha(:
Thanks we will of course love to like you on facebook! Hope you stay uptodate with us we'll be releasing our first items soon!
Hey guys, check out our songs if you haven't yet :] www.listn.to/afterplayrewind
Call daddy
So you don't think history has an effect on the present?
Im real to an extent, but i never like to get personal with ppl, cause i hate seeing ppl cry, Its like they get real ugly w/ wrinkles
installing Samsung's firmware update for my Galaxy Tab,now with Swype! The one thing keeping me from being productive on it. xing fingers..
No matter if you want to admit it or not deep down inside of you there is still a desire for an us
. we read the news in tweet size increments. One group that says "smash" is Black Bloc. when stuff gets smashed, that's who we see.
Honing in on the #music #DJ lineup 4 #NYE2012 #lasvegas party with a purpose!
Prince Harry in Drag dancing oLe Freack
I'm so lucky to have someone in my life that truly loves me. So many people love someone that doesn't love them back :(
idk it just doesnt seem as entertainin as the first two
Thanks for an evening of art-fun. The best kind of fun there is.
I have to pack tonight... Maybe next week?
is my new fave jewelry line!
RT : #Habitat's vision: a world where everyone has a decent place to live.
Saw Rob Little at Zanies in Old Town last night Hilarious! My girlfriend bruised a rib laughing!
Amazing work with #CruiseControl love it, keep it up!
“: "The most important battle is one to conquer yourself." - Yanni”
The #Bulls are going to win tonight.
going to the park for a jogging session, wish me luck.
All systems go, the API is back up-and-running.
I busted out laughing, my daughter just sat their confused. One day - it will all make sense- I told her
Opposites attract is total bullshit
lol thank god for twitter. Omg. I want to go home
kk and I'll bring your book
I need to get on the 2:25 train so can we leave at 1:30 plzzzzz....
Good to see MMJ in attendance.
Thanks for the post up!
3 shows to go. At Universal
followed you.(: sent me.
Real glory springs from the silent conquest of ourselves. ~Anonymous
Hansen: we need access to media that operates beneath our perception, currently monopolized by corporations: facebook, google.
Kick Stetz for me. Tell him I miss him.
Do it! I'll sit on the board of advisors (hic).
Do you hate eggplant? You do! You would love whats in our gallery! You don't? Come punch the artist! #Gallerynight #Don't
Nothing like my fav Neil Diamond singing "America" in the Macy's day parade...it's almost as good as my karaoke version!
Very very soon... :)
Another beautiful Chicago day! How's everyone doing today? Blessed, I am.
do you have any thoughts on possible solutions? As educators you would think we can come up with some sort of a fair system.
Just can't get down with a potential state hoops tourney move to GB. I hope Madison and the Field House get their stuff together.
drinking coffee and continuing my reading of god is not great by Christopher Hitchens, i don't have class until 12 woo
Tomorrows friday.
We would gladly take care of you.
#Friday the 13th. Can pull covers over my head or laugh all the way into the office. I choose the latter!
yeah brah, 2nd floor silencio section behind the elevators it would be an honor
I'd love to be a drag queen, but I have all the wrong equipment.
SS! IM HIDING FROM THE VOICES
fun fact: the lighthouse at the port of Jorf Lasfar is known to be unreliable.
You should be my queen ?
Damnit ND needs to break this press coverage.
If Turner develops like we think he can
also in first appearance depending on charges a defendant is also considered for pretrial release or detention
People who get in a relationship& forget who they friends are, the ones who been there for u thru everything,& when u was broke looked out <
6 days till BTW Anniversary so excited
speculates Red Bryant to the Patriots. Nothing like getting attached to a player and having him go to your most hated squad.
The CHOOSE LIFE shirt is back today! Http://www.lovesickclothing.com
do you like modern family?(:
I was born this way
"Oil is harmful, expensive and polluting. Power from the sun is none of them."
I know, I'm mean sometimes, but some people really deserve it...
Folks, it was almost 50 degrees today...ice NOT safe. At least 2 of 4 teens fall through out at Washington park walking across lagoon.
yes I can and I just did
what kind of design on the key chain?
Who is waking up bright and early to run tomorrow?
I had to go home! Ah! Tomorrow!
You've never had eggnog? Yo son... *DC voice*
need some words of advice? I'll be up all night! HMU!
not you smartass
#SubwayBuy1Get1 Early birds will get that :) guess that I'm not one of those lol
hmm...trying to avoid compulsive weather.com checking before storm hits Baltimore
After looking at images of slavery for a while, want to go take a shower.
lol u really not
I MISS YOUR FACCCEEEE! (^^)
#Librotraficante caravan delivered a payload of $20,000 worth of books to our young heroes in Tucson. Thank you everyone.
Hamadas is a nice spot
All smiles this morning!;-) Have a great day tweets!
Watching the best team in the NBA the Celtics. “: Chillin... Watching this 76ers & Bulls game!! What y'all up to twit fam?”
I'm spending my bday with #oomf ..!
You will have to elaborate on this sometime. Not sure what it all means. Troubles with the new iPad?
trying to buy into your franchise! Praying! :-)
Classic Dr. Who episodes are the best. I watched them in the '80s, but rarely watch current episodes.
hahah but i NEED it ! :(
“: not much just chillin! What about u!:)
I feel you on that. ;)
True RT : no you hate the fans
Me and turned water into wine
Welcome to our latest addition to our team...Melody! Melody joins our team with years of experience! We look forward to you meeting her!
rt - Stamped Concrete Patios Etc. www.ConcreteGeorgia.com 770-380-5277 Compare To Pavers - Looks Like Real Stone !
I'm the only one that doesn't think my opinions are unpopular.
The chamber of commerce is so important to a city.it's disturbing how the BOD allows to spend $ recklessly & turnover is bad
Next up Archiving Video, web and big data (Veronica) and Hydra (Deborah and Mike) at
Hey Broncos fans, have you been voting Tebow and Prater for Top 9 Moments? If not, do so at www.top9moments.com
What are your favorite search engines other than Google, Bing, Yahoo and Ask?
Bosson asks if the court should be concerned with 3 Democratic pairings.
I'll definitely drop by during #SDBW to see you and How long will you guys be in town?
hopefully no one ever gets ahold of my laptop....
Hehhe. That was too cute. I will :D thanks
awesome! Congrats!! Can't wait to Meet the latest padawan
no problem!
U/D Vincent - Fire under control at 10:37am; 46 FFs on 17 pieces of apparatus in 27 min, no injuries, Fire Investigators on scene
Megamillions update: tomorrow's jackpot is up to $540 MILLION!!!
Lol neither mine! :'D
Would you mind taking some pics of the arena/line for all the TNA fans? That would be much appreciated!
I bet still feels guilty for her actions just moments ago lol
I'll smoke u again
are you still alive?
Love it when comes into my mathematics!
36 days with out a cigarette complete.
I seem to remember that #Ping was the name of a duck in a children's story-book.
Tony: Ok, we are in a law-enforcement caravan going south on the northbound lane on 45.
hope you are having a nice day! can't wait until you come to America :) x
I know that you didn't eat the pear!
Happy day of mothers
it's become second nature. It's in most households & all over TV.
i just decide that #bosstone would be a rad dj name
#SongsIKnowOffByHeart the classics
#WhyBeInARelationshipIf your only in it for the SEX
Ended up at a private karaoke bar tonight, where the same video about cameras and bike accidents played behind both Madonna & Radiohead.
Oh god I hope not. Sorry about that let me see what's going on.
Sharing at #heartcamp #miami!
gettn me a Teddy bear :)
Awesome, look forward to having you!
Don't forget our show this friday at bayside bowl at 630!!
Bronson says was flight attendant of the year 3x in a row from '06-'08 out of 3,000 Delta employees based out of Detroit.
I like this move
thanks for the new follows and of #MoviePal rock!
Goals are dreams with deadlines - Diana Hunt
How long are you in NY.. I land 2morrow.
$2 off Breakfast with Santa. Yummy treats, Santa pics, pony rides, petting zoo, holiday music, gifts & more! Go to www.KUIK.com
Where are we going to hide the cheerleaders?
"I Am The HEAD and NOT the Tail"...
We'd like to wish Heather Seybold a very Happy Birthday!!! Come join us next week as she teaches mixed media week!
Thank you for tweeting out the Warren video!
i'm betting it was the first of its season
What summer street fests are people headed to?
i just cycled, i started at episode 1... again.
5 days until Media briefing underway!
Not really, doll...just more all-white-guy programming.
Pow!! RT : Who are you as a leader if no one is following you? ....... One simply taking a walk!!!!!!"
A miracle may happen tonight - I might be done with my homework before midnight!
just let me know when dude!
oh shit i think b diddy just dislocated his kneecap
I hate you I was about to blow my moms phone up to buy them -.-
armed and dangerous baby
#schoolmemories when I got caught cheating on my midterm with the answer sheet under the test
for real
They just made a The Swan joke on the Fox 25th retrospective. Check out the West Coast feed!
Yeeeess:) building the buzz.. It's going to be great!!!!:):) lots to do:):) Big Hugs...
. That he was born in Hawaii. Trump's efforts to remain in the spotlight are beginning to reek of desperation.
you should be verified on you deserve it! <3 PEACE,LOVE,VANITY<333 ^.^= //
Full day at ESPN for tomorrow. Starting with and staying busy all day. That includes D-Mac and J-Mac.
I feel sleepy... but i cant go to sleep .... BLAH fml
Coming soon! California Wine Marketing Group-providing helpful PR/Media & strategic marketing advice for wineries! More info to come!
It's late but our Facebook just hit it's 400th fan! Reminds us of all of our fans and how thankful we are for all of you!
Girls he will always want what he can't have. But rest assured because he also wants you....he just wishes you were a little more....
Thank you for allowing me to be great with you!
Thanks for the RT, Flormz...Hope all is well in your world.
Dinner with and our girls tonite was nice. Great friends, great times. Special appearances by and elmo didn't hurt!
Close your eyes and make believe this is where you want to be Forgetting all the memories, try to forget love cuz loves forgotten me
#MYB RT "Valerie, did you give somebody the business today?" Me: "Yes I did. Have you been twatching?"Lmaao
thanks for the retweet!!!
Forecast for Today: A slight chance of thunderstorms. Occasional rain this morning. Then occasional showers this...
Remember Baby Bash? Dude was terrible, lol.
thanks for #FF !!
In #Seattle, even the new iMacs at the stylish hotel run
Why do we think so small? Have a BIG idea today!
do you have a bathroom I could use? I really have to pee.
// concert at was crazy awesome!!
Thunder intimidate you. They are young, and cocky. You guys should be able to push this series to 6 or 7 games and possibly
psh if they lookin play the music n give em a show #yolo right??
#nw Howard The Duck
Don't be scared to focus
Sing your Heart out with the Soulo Karaoke app for iPad, wow your friends with your singing talent and belt out your favorite tunes
OMG! Just saw ur msg. Sure we can take ur pix! Msg me deets!
wish you were at the meet today! i missed you! :(
he'll never pay for a drink in manchester again. RT : Ya no. Ahora es Sir Kun.
What?! Clearly I need to get out of the office more.. ;)
Thank you for following!
A EXCELENT DAY AND NIGHT!!!!!!!!! TY FOR EVERYTHING....
Looking forward to talking to HBA-DC this evening about Latinos and the Internet.
BREAKING: US official: Navy SEAL team that rescued 2 Somalia hostages was the same that killed bin Laden.
Thurs to Sat, We are opent until 3am? Come by b4 or after going out for a delicious Torta.
Your media partners at KGTV just said capacity crowd...
Thank you for checking in on Foursquare last night! How was your evening?
It's very much appreciated.
- please remove me from your sales mailing list. Thank you very much!
KEEP SIPPING ON THAT DRINK GIRL
come on Kyle is an honest person who says it like it is Brandi just looks to start stuff an jab at people
All classic poultry horror.
Kovalchuk has got to be Jelly cause #Jam don't shake like that!!
Damm I'm really eating to much shit I need to stop going back to the gym tonight
Heading over to get ready for !!! Stop by the booth and say hi (maybe buy some shirts...)
"Sweet Caroline" #NowPlaying at The Dubliner. (Cash only bar)
Nokia Shows Off Flexible Mobile Device of the Future [VIDEOS]
goes the Dynamite?
You’re packing for #springbreak: What’s the one item you can’t leave home without? (Me: walkable shoes.)
Aw congrats! What hospital are you at? Are you doing 12 hr shifts next semester? I suggest it! RT First day of hospital clinical!
hey! Next time you have to take me too! Since apparently it's "so" good.. ;)
that was a flop if I've ever seen one.
Hey Doc buddy how r u? I miss ya, everything is going just fine here in Steel Town!!!
Runyon once again . Dinner kale and chicken! Yum
and , We'd love to see you both! Did you know our exhibit about children in the Holocaust ends 3/18?
Seriously people need to stop complaining. I think it's a "perk" to have on newsstands.
New Bite Me/ZGB episode! Live in 15 minutes! :D
10 Common Website Mistakes and How to Fix Them
I smell some hatin goin on here!!
Im Hearin Wale's New Album Is Live!!!! I heard some of it today so Ima Go Get A Copy Tomorow Then....I Support Good Music
RT : TALKING TO ON THE PHONE :) TALKING ABOUT , & THAT TRASHY HOE
“: 8 picks in 3 quarterbacks no defensive tackles. That's good for the Broncos. Draft is deep with DTs” great point
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities. -Maya Angelou
They were DELICIOUS! RT Grabbing tapas w for Lauren's birthday!!
i know all hers and she knows mine
I know this may have been addressed... Why are they playing Saw 2?
lmao if she don't like snow, cold, violence and overly priced cost of living HELL NAW she don't need to live here!
Belly full of crab legs!
Anybody want to do anything today?
A new Jan Vesely Diaries coming up in a sec...
I totally agree! From birchbox? That was how I was introduced to color club
9TH INNING: ROLL OUT THE #ROLLRUS AND PREPARE THE BUKKIT, ITS STREAK TIME!
Listening to on social business design here
Ep 3 of #veep feeling like at his best. Love the cursing!
We're working on our April newsletter, so if you have any cool events happening this month, let us know and we'll add it in.
No I didn't see a bday invite...but making sure this isn't spam. Please confirm b4 I click. Thx!
yes, come see us!
Do you need your friends to help you?
Happy mothers day to my twitterless momma <3
Listening to in the office today :)
Do not do to others what you would not like done to you.
I love Space Mountain. Alas, no Belle. I just found a souvenir for you though! Holla!
The pollsters never come to the Inner city to hear our opinions, they are always into the big City. Polls don't win Elections
just hanging on the couch now... you know.
": Just mad thoughts to think about ."
#mb makes mah jaws drop lol
Thanks for including me!
Took an hr of my monday to go see the exhibit of Van Gogh's at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Now I feel like it's Friday.
Shit's so hot right now! hahaha
its but thank you sir.
Twitter just recommend I follow myself since I just started following me. I'm confused.
bahaha thanks so much my love!!!!! :)
Starting new job today!
What Spacy Singer Forgot Her Underwear Back on Earth? We were 12 parsecs outside the Alpha Centauri cluster when our long-range sensors p
..new a Morrison, once..could rival even the most gorgeous of men, but trey trey, TREY desola, hated a good woman..punished them for,
can't wait to read the review!
are too, Michael!! Thanks for watching....
can't get the nose to quit dripping. thanks pixar. gah...
95% of the motherfuckers that will judge you aren't even worth a damn
Really? Ive been lusting after them for a while now.
It is so much easier to wake up when birds are singing! It's feelin' like
working out always is an issue for me. Sweat tends to make it sting.
so what I said isn't working? I haven't heard of that problem? :-/
50 shades of Marc.
you too bro. You comin back anytime soon?
Everyone make sure to wish a very happy birthday.
You do a playgroup based support group. There is a mom who just started a No Nuts playgroups nationally...
Your math may be off. Don't forget they guy who yells "Stroke!," the guy who beats the drum, & the guy who whips the rowers!
My 3 year old brother:" WOW look at that far away!!!" lol what?
But truthfully to ask that question before an elimination game kinda sucks!
what's your favorite social network? we recently joined Pinterest!
and they did!! Bron chokes again > “: The only way that missed free throw is a big deal is if the Bulls win.”
God is Great
Excited to hopefully share some exciting news with you all soon!
That's some real talk bro :/
Imma Call Ian for a spot in the studio for Monday bruh
I Need My Hair Done!!!!
US spends twice as much on health care as Canada, France, Germany and Britain, our life expectancy = bottom of list. US Health Care=Big Fail
Man, if it weren't for the Eye Removal scene my elder daughter and I would be at the Avengers right now... - DvL
it's because the clouds trap the warm air down here near the surface so when they're gone, we're exposed to all the cold air.
nice to meet you starving! Hahah my mom always says that to me..
sleep it off and drink Gatorade in the morning!
Cradle to Cradle a process we are implementing in our work daily.. What new uses have you created with a cardboard shipping box?
Thanks for the tweet! Hope we'll see you Friday for the parade!
im posted lol weneva n u patna dem so u kno im still gn match
If you don't think you're making a difference in someone's life just do what I do and blow dry your hair at 11:42 PM to be sure.
I highly dislike LBJ but him telling Mario to "Box him(Melo) the fuck out" was awesome
Wisconsin natives now have a 2nd favorite team. The Seattle Seahawks. Russell Wilson to Seahawks in 3rd.
Dressing up like a doctor in spanish and asking people if they want surgery>>>
Jack's Camera adds Klaggle consumer product ratings online to increase engagement, retention and revenue. www.jackscamera.com
Wow, really? LOL too funny, she's so convinced that it's different. Obviously with her for her looks. Haha
I have 11 floor burns on my knees from diving
I never thought I'd see the day when Puck made me cry.. well at least when he wasn't beating me up..
Sounds painful.
Harry Potter tickets and Sara Bareillis tonight at DTE! You've got to love how 963 WDVD hooks ya up!
Ramirez is heating up!
Special shout out to ...She's the bomb-diggity dawg.
I'd buy tickets if the O's were more worried about on-field performance than income statement performance.
It really doesn't matter that the Bucks aren't in the playoffs. David Stern wouldn't let them win a championship. The NBA is fixed.
Bengals are the local team where I grew up, but I HATED them. Stopped caring when they got nubs for 10 yrs.
Julius Mays transferring to Kentucky is huge. Instant experience and scoring.
I can't believe how unpredictable the NFL playoffs have been.
Mind is blown right now. So good at
i dont like my neighborhood full of racists
This is about to be an interesting drive back. Estimated arrival: 3am -_-
i mean, really. you are such a tool.
I need a new phone cover!!!:(
Whatever my students are singing! :) : What kind of #music do you listen to while you work?
Solid comedic relief amidst this Oden disaster. RT Jazz's Hayward just had his first monster dunk.
Enjoyinq this weather
Thats what I like to hear! Tell your friends about
I MISS YOU SO MUCH BESTFRIEND!
trying to listen right now, but it's not working... :/ could be a browser compatibility issue?
Music festival?
Everybody love yourself first then you'll truly find out how to love someone else.
Wheels down FLL. Time to get our #Agile on
Side Note: what's really messed up is I can get Ushers Climax out of my head(Shakes Fist) Damn U Usher
Yep. Are you familiar with it? I'm the editor/designer/production director
You know how they have the bags of 2 instead of one big bag inside the boxes? yeah
Nobody got anywhere in the world by simply being content. - Louis LAmour
"blue grass" even worse!?
LET'S HAVE AN ICONIC CAR WASH
#nowplaying like moths to flames-sweet talker :)))) love this dann ep so much
Got to a little later than expected, but caught the last half of 's seminar... good stuff!
Wanna b a star
Seriously!! My car doors and locks are frozen!
“ I gave him that "cake". && he put his name on it. Lol.”smh
Nicely put, Kelly. It amazes me how many people don't get it.
Somewhere right now Lawrence Taylor is gettin high as hell lmao...
Indeed, thank you for joining us!
Freaking starving
I wanna chill with some new people this summer :D
wat kind of music do u like?
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I met
- You know it!
working to get talent signed up for latest property... ah, celebrities!
Recording your daily successes in a journal so that you can quickly review them from time to time is a really powerful thing.
Wow. I can't believe they made that call.
Finally. Bedtime. Sweet dreams urrrbody.
Apparently my phone hasn't received a text since 5:30 last night, I just got them ALL right now. Fuck this thing.
MT drop the "single" & just say ur a parent I mean, the single is kind of implied when on a dating show.
Dick Clark has died. The Zombie Apocalypse shall now begin.
My heart goes out to all the victims, survivors, and first responders of the Japan earthquakes and tsunamis. The footage of the...
i think you're from the state of awesome. it's where awesome people come from. i'm from there.
Four straight W's against West Philly's finest on the blacktop tonight.
Working on new sites for rdvo and metaverb
Nerd alert!
Felt another earthquake this evening.... Shook the couch in the basement
Feel like I'm talking to one of my relatives in the Philippines every time I call into Chase customer service...
At this time next week I'll be at the Van Halen concert. With any luck they won't break up again before then
great quote: "campaigns financed by the 1% will never earn the confidence of the 99%"
Shoutout to Sending you love from Cali :-)
There, there. :) RT 2 hours in Twitter jail. Geez.
why do all dogs like dryer sheets?
I swear I have new content in the works. I swear that it is awesome. Sometimes, I just swear. SWEAR!
was right mint will be very big this year !!
You are so correct. Submissive is honoring respecting and sharing
indeed it was.
I swear I always fall for your type
Descending to Detroit! Took off late and my connection is late taking off so hopefully I'll make it
#thatawkwardmomentwhen i am actually wanting to be productive and do homework, but i don't have any to do...
Keeping the faith in my men in Res tonight.
The Heat lose one game, and people start saying Spolstra and Wade are terrible.
Happy thursday! Just one more day till friday.....yes!!!!!!!!!!
Lmao only Adele can do that!
Bliss April 26th
Perfect night, perfect morning, perfect bday (:
umm just saw your twitter avatar. looking gorg. you know as in gorgeous.
I hate when you tweet someone and they dont reply):
So I made a BIG commitment today. Let's just say running has made me feel "comfortable being UNcomfortable." THIS skill will come in handy!
RT : Y.O.G.O = You Obey God Only
As far as Cartoon Network goes, our child psychologist recommended against it. It really helped to get rid of it.
thanks girl. love you too!
- we were happy to be a part of such a cool event.
Maybe they have something to do , I do that lol
Well, I guess I'm glad I didn't get that job I wanted in NC a few years back.
Unfortunately, no. But it was fun to play around and ask questions! I'll probably order something when Passover is over.
a bernie madoff-looking guy just told a couple latino kids on the subway, 'you don't look very bright.' shoulda said something to him..
visited the DISNEY-store @ Antwerp <3
huge win for you guys too!
recording studio A 220 C
Deadline for this issue of Community Links Is Tomorrow , Friday 22nd . Call now for your discounted advertising rates 323-965-1544 ext103 …
The wife is in on it!!!
Saturday with my baby <3 <3
I was wondering about that word when I wrote you that e-mail but was too lazy to search Merriam-Webster. Now I know, either works.
hopefully gonna see #TheLuckyOne later ;)
Depends how much I get paid an IF tickets are still available will determine if I see THE WALL
Do the nugget dance!!!
Delete. *problem solved*
Notorious BIG feat. Sadat X - Come On
Rockies have now had seven baserunners thru 3 innings, but haven't scored; that's positively San Francisco-esque
i hope tomorrow goes as good as today <3 i love youu .
Who's everybody pulling for in the #Masters? I'm going for Phil!
sounds like u need some urban belly pho
i think i'm practicing tomorrow :)))
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Plak Smacker Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
For some strange reason, a person I used to follow on twitter had been unfollowed _and_ blocked. Phone interface trouble, I guess?
Yesterday was too funny with Shaqui.
U know when a boy loves u if u just came back from a 5k race and u hot and sweaty And the boy runs up to u hugs u even when ur sweaty&hot😜
Sorry I didnt get to say it in person but Thank You for today It was really cool! And my daughter got a new #verlo mattress
Bye Atlanta, ga hello Memphis, tn
Thank you for the kind words. We're glad you enjoy our stuff. Play it loud!
"Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal." ~Pamela Vaull Starr
yessir. This is my first week here. So far so good!
everybody Wang #Chen tonight!
#thatblows. I'm surprised. #Pens games are broadcast on their site.
RT if you have no ovaries.
hah!!Psycho's been on all day on some channel!!!
whatever :P i got it today!
Day two of the infection! Go get em Zombies!
set your DVRs fellow tweeters! is performing TONIGHT on CONAN. check them out!
What did you think of the #Oscars last night? Did the stars' jewelry live up to your expectations?
Moroney is advocating the Dallas Morning News head into social media, event, & experiential marketing, leveraging strength of brand.
#fail goodnight lol
I don't have any recipes, really. I just fill up the blender with kale, then open a bag of frozen fruit of some sort. Water.
Day 2 of #WIFYR. It just occured to me to check twitter for the back conference conversation
Anxiety doesn't let me get away from these yummy chocolate mini doughnuts...
RT So I quess I'm qoinq to qo walkinq with my mom. She knows I don't exercise but she needs to so I'll do it for her.
Obviously a North Shore thing. :)
- another great webinar - loving !
wait huh I thought u was bout to go too bed but if not that's good
Two movies I am so excited to see: & ! I'm rockin' a pink wig (as Astro Girl) in Blue Like Jazz. and...
those few little things were all it took to show me you werent gunna change
might as well pour poison into your ears.
One thing I like about where I work. I get to watch people run into glass doors all day. It says PULL in BIG letters for a reason!!
Good Morning Sweetness I have been Great And How about yourself?
I'm in my NYC State of mind!
wear whatever makes you feel good
Pre-Cal and Economics are the only classes we're still doing work in 😒
Congrats ! We love !
Monsters Inc. 2?
Let's not go there,speak for urself cus you do too Rt : Don't act like you don't know how to ruin a nigga sleep
what a boring convo.
I wanna so bad but its my iphone or the shoes.. idk bruh lol
ok thank you so much !! =D
just Achilles stuff from this spring. Still not "right" so dr. wanted an MRI.
Countdown to the CBC Book Awards. Will you be there? I will. :)
I'm not Canadian
you are deep, like the ocean...
Cheers to you! It feels great to be able to help, doesn't it? But we'll keep that our secret. :-) Merry Christmas!
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favourable - Maria Green
RT : we at the Waynesboro Area Learning Tree work with seniors teaching technology. We believe in Digital Inclusion for all.
Lady of the sunshine!!! Haha love you :) RT : Wow looking sexy in that dress for
fresh made chocolate chip cookies
Can't believe Gasol and Bynum laughing! They didn't come to play.
What donations messaging works (continued): transperency, communication without asking for money, keeping connected, unspecified amount
That is truth! Proverbs 4:23 is a big key to healing. Good one!!-:)
shower time!
damn we look so stupid...
I don't have time to write an article -- I'm headed to the #SLA conference. But I'm sure the national media will handle it. Enjoy!
Ok, Duffy live tweeting the games is amazing.
RIP Joe Paterno
The thirst of girls these days! One second you hate Roger and the next you're like "Oh follow me!" Smh come on now let's be classy.... =)
Inspirational lyrics- You can spend your whole life buildin somethin from nothin, one storm can come and blow it all away. Build it anyway.
Good Morning twitter. My day is off to a great start and the weather is nice today!
The freedom from His Spirit will always bind us to His character.
It's over kid. We've been mushed.
Too much, on my mind.
Fulton Mall clean up this Saturday at 9am! We are meeting at the Clock Tower 9am sharp!
I wish you didn't look so sad :(:(:(
Etty Hillesum~ We are always in search of the redeeming formula the crystallizing thought.
Cloth burn dry humpeth :-)
Are you getting the marathon? Cool.
Anxiously awaiting for the new ABC schedule to arrive
RT I'm attending IBM Impact 2012, 29th April to 4th May 2012 in Las Vegas > Me, too! Stop by and say hi!
Feeding my baby when the news about #obl broke - so thankful my girls will have one less purely evil man in the world they grow up in.
Has anyone else noticed Skipper from Sex in the City has been on a lot of #Hulu commercials lately?
duh? duh? "Panic, confusion aboard sinking cruise ship" --CNN
The deceivers in history always knew of, prepared for, and expected their doom & replacements!
Roethlisberger totally raped them today!
you are pretty awesome!
Got my pepper steak!! ^_^
J Alvarez sexy [; m ♥
You are the flip cup champ! Rematch in Bay101 please!?!?
mine went to $22.50/seat per game.
My first thought is sub - if a player wouldn't run a set play the way he was supposed to would you keep him in?
Thanks 4 following me--I have a lot of fun doing this! Hope U will, 2!
Congrats to Rasheed Sulaimon on being named a McDonald's All-American!!!
Sun, March 25, 6-9 pm, Ballroom, UC, Destination Celebration. Presentations by Destination 2012. Open to all. Contact:
The White Witch Always Creeped Me Out :/
wanna follow me?
Miami marlins ... Lezgoooooooooo
Thank to everyone for all the love & support!
Oh god hahaha.
" The heart is a fertile place ....Anything planted there will grow for sure...whatever it is..... 'Love' or 'hate'...."
I brought some clothes for myself
Awesome interview on CNN tonight! Bravo Bravo !
yessir yessir. Love it when the weather gets warmer like this. Drinks soon?
9 am SESSION: "Creating Realistic Gradients, Blends & Meshes in Illustrator" (cre8) presented by Greg Heald in Rm B118
Not even 10 minutes into new Conan movie & it's already uber dumb!
Lang: The underlying message of *Kelroy* isn't 'marry well' but 'widow well.'
tryna get you on a track
U good?
I told all my real life friends to unfollow this twitter because I was treating it as a fangirl account..but I still use it as a personal.
Hope all is well.
Feel kinda good right now...that's what happens when you do diets. Alc tolerance goes down
The history of every country begins in the heart of a man or woman.
we would be happy to welcome another reader. Keep an eye out for the next issue in early August!
Thanks for following! I hope you enjoy my work.
lmfaoooooo no i knew he put somebody on blast again
I thought 11/11/11 was Herman Cain's plan on steroids.
