"You're not perfect? Well... Congratulation! It's ridiculous to want to be perfect anyway. Just Enjoy and Have fun!"
Frank Malgesini, on semantic ambiguities in a study of ICC among Mexican uni. students: "independence" was not a positive trait
My head is tilted to the right because my left nostril is stuffy.
HA! Apparently, I was fighting good song writing THERE so that we wouldnt have to fight it here!
Wish I could join you using that cock...
Heading out to Calvary Worship Center in New Port Richey for a super night of Worship!
Panic is starting to set in.
Life goes on with or without you.
Prince just got a really touching curtain call. As a fan, that was the absolute hardest moment to not cheer in the press box.
It's offiicial -- the lovely joins me, co-anchoring 4pm News KOIN TV, starting in a week! Welcome Jenny!
I have no life, I friggen tweet all day
Welcome to The Think Tank!
One more week....one more week.
Refusing to have an opinion is a way of having one
Yeah, it's awful. I'm always astonished to find people that like it.
Quad dominant.
I'm messican...we were born to clean lol
Were Ready (:
Woohoo! : Just got the email re: 2012 Virtual Conf./Youth Summit. I'll be joining in from #Tanzania w/ my classroom!
Our April Skillshare is full, but you can DM us to get on the waiting list. Thanks for all the interest!!!
and that is exactly why they've prettyuch been useless in the past decade or longer. They are scared.
it has always seemed kind of esoteric, true. Was using git earlier and found myself in nano--realised I had no idea what was up!
when the M's had good products on the field. #Sounders draw a lot of crowd because the owners put good products
“HIMYM 4 LIFE : How I Met Your Mother is my new obsession  #jasonsegel”
I just wanna fall back asleep, this is too fucking early for me.
9xs/10 women are judged based on her sex appeal and beauty NOT her credentials or her education!
Is That For Breaking Dawn Part 2 ??? :O
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
Quick run to get this #sundayfunday started!
woo hoo! Microcell is up and working. Yes, I can hear you now!
I love Saturday mornings
i think we might try to hit it up tonight. haha. their marketing ploy worked.
love ur tweets
Beautiful Liar by Beyonce and Shakira my Favorite....
My work is supposed to come out cooler since I'm working from Starbucks, right?
It is not! For your info only
I'm blessed with a sinus infection, dr tells me today. There's no way to make horse-pill antibiotics & saline propellant awesome, is there?
Listen live or call in with your questions: 1-800-499-9246.
Thanks for the FF nod!
Activists in New Orleans have our support. There as in NYC, horses are tools of cash commerce.
Gawd make it START. About to watch Jeopardy on DVR. Score some runs Mariners, ffs - it's fat bartolo colon.
sorry I was hacked!! :(
Think I'll go treat myself to a movie at the Budget...do people still go there??
#ff for donating to fundraiser for
Our dog got one of those 'stache chew toys for Xmas, and promptly chewed the handlebars off. He looked like doggy Hitler. :O
u can say dat
Go #Badgers big ten champs. Rose bowl v Oregon should be good. Monte ball 1 rushing TD away from most in season all time.
Naw I don't like her very much. I know shes good but I don't like her design. Too fugly :(.
when was the last time u did that
MT If you missed the hilarious Twitter adventures of , it's archived here: quaxelrod.com/archive.html
I want a huge hotdog
Girls lacrosse: and combine for 10 goals to help Wilsonville take down Sherwood 15-10.
Kniyon getting on my damn nerves her big ass need to sit the fuck down
“: any chance you can STOP playing "Friends in Low Places" the K is pathetic enough on it's own. #ourtime”. Please
Finally saw the new Land Rover. It seems super impractical. I wanted one immediately.
please ck us out in Memphis simply grand music great soul/country/ Thanks
Ive been trying to find out what is there in life better than wine? Nicholas-
dinner @ Venue in #Denver on Friday. Must have been a tough night for them. Tough flank steak, tough duck....
If you discuss music or sports, I'm in.
I heard it was closing for two weeks because of possible flooding.
what? You doubled your followers since last I looked? At that rate you'll pass me in a month. ;-)
Grammys parties tons of fun...til next year !!! ... good times!
It's midnight.
Bitter pill.
I need to check your house for termites soon. Email me to set appt. if you are in Madison, G'ville, or H'ville - or somewhere near there.
TYVM - have a great weekend all! RT :
and explore the history of gay and lesbian activism in The Shadow Behind the Rainbow
My fucking phone is killing me. I am about to suck it up and buy me a new one or get me an IPhone.
I just realized I'll be hard-pressed to do any game reporting since my jaw is still shut and May sweeps is just around the corner. Drat!
yes but many can never pay off their debt it becomes the gov's debt- the fact still stands colleges know the gov will provide
At Historic Houseparts on South Ave. Found it in the warehouse out back
About to watch the son of throw it down. Let's see if he can live up to his dad's reputation.
I seriously can not wait for the summer. I get to spend it with my favorite people :)
So i can drive thru at the pharmacy for my scripts, but not for behind the counter cold meds. Explain-please....?
The #1 thing I expected when MH came here was an Offense. I've been very disappointed. Am I getting one this year?
that's our leading brand too. And that's about $20.
how immature!
CASCA SHOW TODAY. DENVER.
#Happyhour at #sonic is okay but I'd rather do #happyhour at the bar
crazy night over here O_o wowzers!!!!
: I'm dying to know what a "Big Chicken Meeting" actually entails? And why does it need to last 5 hours?
Gov Beshear (KY) calls for cross-state and cross-sector collaboration around #commoncore standards and assessments
yes we are
A hip hop fighter yo rap fighter
aghhhh if we both go there we BETTER be hanging out!!!!
All the teams I want to see win the #worldcup keep ending up in draw matches. DRAWING IS FOR ART CLASS!
absolutely not. But I can't tune in today, so feel free to give me an update on who this crazy person is
Oh look. People cheer when overbearing Govt intrusions are overturned.
Sometimes I feel like I'm waiting for something that will never happen. ._.
I really dont remember what my life was like before ABDC season 6..
I wish would come back to CC..tired of the lame jokes/YouTube videos insults us with..oh, DT my score is tight..
Happy Oscar's Day! #AcademyAwards Good luck to all the nominees
Busy weeks! Wedding, Fulbright, Letchworth, Coco Rosie. Now GRE, letterpress workshop, and finally starting my job. Plus, a flat tire!
miss you more
Is crazy good? haha Thanks Rob!
Show tonight in Anaheim. COME!
Thanks, Varun, good luck!
nom nom nom!! Lol but for real! We really do need to get together soon!:)
Thanks for the love ! Goodies are comin soon soon, stay tuned!
Funny how things work out that way.
And there was I thinking you meant strong shoulders!
Off day. :) a little cleaning and some shopping and then snuggie and kindle time. :)
Follow me please:d FOLLOWED
I hate Nicolas Cage
A beautiful start to the 1st weekend of summer for many students graduating to their next grade. Congratulations for the hard work!
hey! We like you too :)
Discipline Not Desire Determines Destiny -- Dr. Charles Stanley. Motivation for all you hard-working Sistas trying to make things happen!
fyi: planning to add modified data management plan and budget to the assignment next year
Nothin like jamming out to some Sublime in the complete dark reading HIGHdeas
It's 1130 on a Friday night. I'm wasted and watching the Live with Kelly dream wedding special on dvr. Might be crying.
I saw it last night. Great movie. I won't spoil the rest for you.
The perfect alternative to a checking accountBanKing a better way to Bank >>>> # #
I have the worst memory ever..
Magic Johnson is going to own the Dodgers. I can't even wrap my head around the awesomeness of this.
I've heard that too.. but what's slower.. slow sprint or throttled AT&T?
She is ugly tho!!!.
Out picking up my step-mom Bday cake with my lil bro
it's a great thing! Lol.
When I come home and my mom is in a bad mood. 
love it!
Yep;) Hmm ok refresh my memory, where and when?
Oh yes. And he was Italian.
I'm glad to hear that. We'll have to play when I come home for winter break
life's been a roller coaster but I think I'm finally making it out alright
not cute basic hoes… not cute at all
Now watching Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders
Guys help!Should I buy a red or black phone case?
Boarded up windows after May Day protests. New this am - how SPD is hunting vandals, & what group says "fear mongering" led to damage.
Lying in bed in the middle of the night trying to decide if its worth it to get up and pee or if you can hold it in until the morning.
What is your favorite Milwaukee restaurant? Share with us!
congrats on making it another year! Happy birthday.
don't recall 5000 supporters of the repair bill being here tonight.
Teddy was amazed by the Bumblebee Transformation today ! He cried because he wanted to see it again. So success?
R Foundation Against Child Exploitation & Human Trafficking we offer rescue,resources & safe housing 2 human trafficking victims
They will tell themselves they got cheated and all will be right again. They've done it for years.
Really hoping for a story that involves being outside today
Eating some delicious Pho right now
New Business Course! "Making Change Successful, not Stressful"
Great meeting this AM!
True, but I think you're retroactively applying present-day frustration with AB to '11, when AWOL Pau was biggest issue by far.
RT : Nice to see using to reach 140,000+ C-level executives! Reported on ://t.co/jjXzkpsW
He wrote reports on math, English, History. His claim to fame was the research that kids who spelled better did better in school
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading. ~ Henny Youngman
Thanks! But it was our awesome district techs who came up with the instructions. They are super smart. :)
My students and I really enjoyed the Standing Up Shorts today at college day!
Getting to Frankfurt feels like obtaining political asylum. Good riddance Israel.
Yup. waking up to half a dead mouse.
or idiotic.
Did kellen Moore for reals not get drafted????
haha now alls I need is a picture of you :)
some one called me yesterday & idk who it was -___-
Hey BROther. You listen to terrible music.
Love love LOVE making true connections, matching live voice w/tweets RT : I miss you & our #GirlsMediaChat convos
when are you free ?
checkout going merciless on #NoMercy killed it!
In lighter news, just interviewed the lovely for her new book, The Darlings. Highly recommended look at the lives of the 1%
I still love you even though you put your peanut butter in the fridge. Freak.
forget & forgive. love & laugh. smile & live. for life is short and we r never promised tomorrow. :)
Hoodie! When are you coming back to the Chi?! i can't believe i missed your show!
I still need to get Beach House tickets for Sunday. I guess I'm going?
call Virginia! She's back in town :) on her cell
#imagine You: ALLY WILL YOU MARRY ME? Justin: what?! You: what did I say? Justin: Ally will u marry me... You: YES OF COURSE! JB: wait what!
99% of dick riders n groupies actually believe or wont admit they are.. I salute the 1%
www.soundcloud.com/evandstel Next white duo in the game! Check it out , Support good music!
Indeed. Avengers was awesome! RT RT : Joss Whedon should be in charge of making ALL OF THE MOVIES.
Yes it does. Single life does have its perks but it would be nice to have a girlfriend.
Glad you could make it. Share your thoughts with #UChicago. “: President Zimmer talk tonight
If not someone else takes that chance of opportunity and makes more out of it then you did !!
mirrors dont count? why not
I love the Cannoli man! RT Who out there has photos of Frank “Pepperoni Cannoli Guy” Pecoraro!?! DM please!
Took that last year, it's no fun lol RT : Ap bio exam tomorrow... ha thats a joke
hello! my mom is an artist and I'm sending her your info ;) blessings
I think Matt Hunter is the cutest thing ever. LOL J.S
FWD: Yay! Today is PETA's 30th anniversary! :) Celebrate by being extra kind to animals today. Spread the word! <3 peta2
that is an AWESOME pic!!!
“: Let's try this one more time with correct spelling, I've composing in quarantine for 18'hrs” just like David Blaine
#WhyDoiAlways go after girls that don't want me?
Kieboom with a nice shot to mid-left field, scores 2. #Clemson still on top of #1 #FSU, 8-1 B4.
WELL A BIG FUCK TO YOU TOO THEN!
I love my boyfriend. :) im so lucky to have him in my life.
Gonna need pics!
hot damn! Can't wait.
nice! Hope you enjoy the app!!!
All of us at CRUX felt much the same way.
Who do I know in Minnesota???
In every real man a child is hidden that wants to play.- Nietzsche.
Politicians ~ each hum ~ their favorite note ~ hoping it sounds different ~ this time.
remember when you used to com the su on a lil hang hi slay pro....yep i pulled that outta no where
“: i wonder what the person i'm gonna marry is doing”
hell i wouldn either its cold as hell up there lol
Did my first coffee run as an intern!
#Columbus Symphony #PicnicwiththePops this Fri & Sat features a new jazz composition by principal trumpeter Tom Battenberg! You'll love it!
You a stupid mutha fucka for lettin this thing pass you by.
Interrogation! Using puns and contextual clues, Rachel and Kristina will need to guess a crime they didn't even know they committed.
poker night is my favorite!
I think that's the best #Infuse we've ever had at !! Gotta love the #80s 👍
Rahhhh!! 5 hours till my Long as journey!!!
While we look to the dramatist to give romance to realism, we ask of the actor to give realism to romance.
I don't plan to have these type of issues outta Agnes-Estelle
The #Phillies are playing an invisible team today. Looks weird. Can't see the
😳 I need to ask Margaret if she can do my makeup for graduation!
she told Olivia what she needed to hear tho. I kind of liked it.
think fast u might hear ur self but only if ur stupid or drunk lmao
that's nice
I love a quesadilla! So many different things you can put inside!!
omg watching the end of wowp is actually making me cry i watched it since it first started why is it ending ? :,(
Going to play Memphis today, and should come watch
In the meantime, I'm horny and lonely. This really sucks. :(
This train isn't even movingg!
We have excellent delivery service 99% of the time. But it's a tricky operation and there are hiccups. What happened w yours?
Last chance for Gold Sponsorships for Banner Day ... call 888-2121 for details or www.worldchampionfans.com
I'm happy with how my life is going.
whatzz up i having a kca's vote ur favorite singer and vote like the wind!!!
I survived the symposium at Robert Morris today. Jessie from Black Dog & Chef Derek from Atwood made it easy! Thanks you guys!
Friday night funn!!!!! Start your night right with tha company of one of our beautiful ladies..
what's the details of your may 9th show? I've waited 6 years to see you!
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who does it. Autograph your work with excellence.
The rain makes me melt.
dinner at 10pm - sure!
Back at you my dear friend!!! Hugs
Time for a nice run in this weather😉🏃
I have a wedding to attend!
Cool story bro .
You bet!
Forget love... I'd rather fall in chocolate.
anything for you! Least thing I can do for you, after all these yrs you have help me out! So thank you
its dumb the reason is even more stupid. doesnt even make sense
Steelers, drafting controversey since, well forever!
thanks John !
Thanks! RT : BB5 Users: We are aware of an issue that isn't allowing you to post your updates to social network. We're on it!
"we can make magic happen" ....I'd like to see that sometime haha
Real tired of conference re-alignment. The grass isn't always greener for basketball-only schools.
Big thanks to for having us out at the Grand Opening of store 500. Thanks also for the $2000 donation! Follow
wish you were too!
"No need to play the race card. Let's play the historical accuracy card." -- said on MSNBC with Sharpton
OK, but I must ask that you leave your "Bozo nose" ringer on high ALL DAY & sneeze like you're trying to put out a forest fire.
Were you hanging out with Irvine Welsh??!!
No sleep (:
Bout to hit 2012 in the face... Aint gonna know what hit em
This is going to require that I get a smartphone, right? Please say yes. I can use it as leverage with my accountant.
its ohkay =p Hmm I would have to say I would love to be princess aurora (Sleeping Beauty)
lol ice cream for breakfast? ur such a badass >;-))))
We going to the game tomorrow? 3 seats in section 428 row O available for $125.
Freedom at last. No school for me until Monday. Then the cycle starts all over again -____-
thanks, I'm sure I'll hate it by March.
the problem with this country is a man like Mitt has the money from work to buy a car elevator.and thats bad thing..no wonder we are in debt
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!💛
actually your right Shannon, never mind stay at home carahhhh lol
Had to get a refund at Hershey Park because I didn't fit in any of the rides. A chocolate company thinks I am too big, That ain't right.
Individual investors can succeed trading stocks. The heady foolishness of Wall St. pros like Mr. Rattner makes it easy.
yes it does it sucks hairy balls xD
Oh dish-rack, how I despise you so…
damn mofos try way too hard to be supposedly different now a days and end up looking ratchet as f***
"We have many vegetarian options, such as the Asparagus & Artichoke Heart Penne. Try this light and seasonal dish today! #delicious #food"
Bouta release some brand new tracks, and Ima push it hard. be on the look out, #YoungSoulz and #JSantiago is about to take over,
You EARN everything you achieve. Keep working!
Sweet baby Jesus, I'm locked inside the bar!! The happy hour chicken wings kicked in last night and I passed out sitting on the can!
Want. RT : Thanksgiving’s second favorite pie—Pecan! Moist pecan cake gets a shot of caramel and a caramel French buttercream.
Really wanted to attend the LBSC thingamajig tonight, but had to interview a teacher. At least I did something productive.
Wentworth: "I'm convinced that in the future we will pass [campus carry] in Texas."
RT : Humanity is cool, airport employee still pauses in his work every time a plane lands.
just wondering if your balls smelled like vagina cause you know shit about football loser!
haha no problem if u ever want another just ask:)
Woke up at 3:30am, arrived @ Miami NortwesternSeniorHighSchool, Had a hugerole in an 800person+ ServiceProject, got home @ 5pm, took a nap,
It is better to have a fair intellect that is well used than a powerful one that is idle.
is in the house. Watch out grocery stores, you'll be providing a better customer experience before you know it.
How do I help kids who have so much be thankful for what they have? Can any of us really appreciate all we have? Giving thanks today/always
Looking forward to being nickel and dimed to death. Hope to see you all at the flea market tommorow AKA The mile high marketplace.
Not gonna lie. If I suddenly come into a small fortune, I'd have a cottage in Mendocino and only visit SA for the friends.
not diggin the last part sir
Hope everyone has a good night!
That's how good yo' ass is.
its my bday!!!!!!! i cant believe im actually 13 took me long enough!!!!
Publish, publish, publish - and pass my area exam and defend my prospectus
Kevin Durant is still the MVP.
Tune most likely to get me on dance floor? "Once you get Started" Chaka Khan & Rufus
holla. will probably be in work duds.
Amstel Light now on tap at The Coney... Hello, old friend!
omg! I was at the grocery store last night and saw the exact brand of hot chocolate!
I'm plowing ahead with the books because I'm a book guy first and forever. But I didn't read GoT until after I watched S1.
I did not know that "downtime" is one word. As in, "I could really use some downtime with just me and some absinthe today."
Answer you phone ass holes!
Steve Roach can use cactus rain sticks, too, but I'll bet 's take will be a bit less 'tribal".
Can We Pretend That Airplanes In The Night Sky Are Like Shooting Stars? I Could Really Use A Wish Right Now...
Spent a big part of the day making marketing videos with my new Flip video camera. Now I get to edit. Yay! :)
Just finished day 3 in the studio recording our next album (ahead of schedule)! Boy, are you gonna dig what we are cooking up...
#HBCUFollowTrain if you plan on buying rent with your refund hahaha
some shocks.. But I like the OX. Shocked bout no crouch n carrol n terry n not rio.
": on stage singing about weed and willie nelson....why not" Bus songs. Excellent!
Just gonna be myself, make a good impression, meet some good people, find an open job that fits me, and go where the Lord leads me
Can't wait...US Women World Cup, ABQ Journal says 12:45pm today!
Barbara Berrie (NGA chemist): developments in chemistry & art have always been intertwined.
... "Do not skip meals. Not eating enough can actually slow down your results." ... Your Weight-Loss Coach
Thank God for waking me and my love ones up this morning!!!
What would you do if you win #megamillions? It's sure nice to dream. Sadly, odds are greater I'll get eaten by a giant python.
... good day sunshine !!! good day sunshine !!!
I am about to order these "Ching's Hotwings" in a minute! The season kind are so good, man.
hey will u do me a favor and follow for me, were trying to get each other as many followers as we can :)
Fun fact, AJ Ellis lives in Franklin.
RT Tonight @ 6 on AM600 w/Chris Reed on how council cleared the way 4 no reform & where this tax could go - anywhere.
What's the best thing you ever got half-priced? If you're traveling this winter your answer will be OUR HOTEL! www.hotelhalfoff.com
... and if ya activate ya faith in God, ya faith'll start movin things!" --My Dad .lol I'll never get this outta my head now...
sun is setting- at a cafe on the bay-sunset-SIA's "BREATHE" plays- have a warm coffee- writing's on tap, all I have 2 do is just let it flow
how long does the poster take to come usually? I got my shirt/bracelet more than a month ago and still no poster...
Tax day is almost over, but you can still get 10% OFF everything in our webstore if you put "tax" in the coupon code! Today only!
Austin and i are cursed. 2 trips. 2 long flight delays.
I will not kiss u cuse the hardest part of this is leaving u
oh okay lol
Gotta love watching a football game on tv being played in the snow while sitting on the couch with a cup of hot chocolate by the fire.
It's raining in Madison, be prepared for indoor practice if weather doesn't clear up.
Dad: "u act like justin is ur God!" Me:"Omg but he is!!" Dad: "Ur obsessed" -_____- lol
thank u .. happy mothers day to u too
thanx for the link - 1.usa.gov/vir0OH I'm working on some interactive tools in this area... need to get back in the usability lab!
i hate the :"-") nose in the smileys.
that sounds good!
I go back in to change the email and I can not 'cause no pass word so I can not get an email to reset password, now what?
& its happening again...
That's a problem.
Jazz, Deconstructed begins NEXT WEDNESDAY!! Come to the Kosmos and check out UFO Ensemble! 7pm. Tractor Brewery on tap!
Ran 11.5 miles this morning with the regular group & a few new faces. Everyone seemed so happy today.
admit guys. theres been one disney star girl u wanna fuck
I'm not feeling being at home right now, but nobody else is on vacation yet -.-
I ain't saying she a gold digger but she ain't messing with a broke nigg... Wait .... damn it Kim.
holy shit your right. Oh man.
What three adjectives would you use to describe your organization's culture?
Hey thanks for mentioning my blog post! Much appreciated.
How about you provide a comment instead of attacking us for trying to enable a discussion.
Hey #pdxmusic/#indiescene! We could all learn a thing or two from these highschoolers.
At the dinner table: jokes about underage titrating and promiscuous oscillation.
Looking forward to reading it when it hits the shelves.
#wingsover #afterburner sauce hits the spot
a word's just a word, until you mean what you say. :)
Parents needing services for your child in public school, remember one very important thing: They Are The Gate Keepers Of The Money.
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY!!!
send him both and let him decide which one to play. Smh Mr Complicated
-LORD help me..
Yeeeeaaahhhh I just take the license plate off my mama car and put some blankets in the window
I think I had an ephiphany or two! Thanks to all MCNers. Safe journeys home.
3rd quarter of Game 3 of playoffs brutal for Magic. Pacers up 76-55, start of the 4th quarter
Still have tickets to give away 4 the Tailgate Bash this Sun at the Balloon Museum! Send an email w name and email to .
27 min left in half 1 and forest park ties it up with OP 1-1 #girlssoccer #allmet goal by Vanessa Kovar
Thank u. Love ya and miss u
please tell me that's your art in your AVI
I hope you are right about corporate humanism. I'm skeptical!
I spent 10 minutes lifting weights. 33 calories burned.
that's wonderful me too. You going home.
broke out the stash of northern lights x purple kush.
Live life so completely that when death comes to you like a thief in the night, there will be nothing left for him to steal.
Indeed. These are truly healing, aren't they...
So much on my mind
Tip #1 Targeted Stretching: Stretch only what's too tight and you'll see better results. -- Find out more from the Active experts in...
#GameChange. Great acting from all.
going on gut instincts, where I'm hardly ever wrong....Dad has something to do w/ it.
this is what's up! Kandi is doing it! I love successful women...
Oh , you're so lucky to have me
i checked it out shit go hard!!!
Even the wisest counsel is useless when it is unheeded
Hey! Finally getting around to watching Hotel Corpus Christi. Um...can't wait to see what you do with this one. Wow. :)
RT : #crew Good God, people are jumping from the ship into the sea. They will all perish in the ice cold water…
Ball So Hard Make A Niggha Wanna Find Me!(:
#GreysonMMag Are you a good drawer?
yeah, since we don't have big venues unless they have 2 dates. most likely Cali will get gold
six months of flow is no longer attached to my head
is a Social Media Brand Management company that makes managing & growth of your social media presence Affordable & Viral
is there any chance you will come to Memphis or Tunica area anytime soon ?
Thank you.
Bieber in Proactiv commercials: he surprises teenage girls with bags of Proactiv?!! That's just too good.
I blame Kony
RT : "...requiring kids to turn in every assignment is a more responsible practice than giving zeros when they don't.."
none of them could be president they have Oedipus complexes like
When Chunk took home Sloth at the end of Goonies that probably didn't work out as well he hoped.
Might use symptoms checklist, ask about past/present problems w/ rating scales, or medical exam to rule out other causes.
I swear i go runnin at the smell of food before my dog does
Haha good luck! I played my whole life and still hit the ball over the wall...
Las Vegas
ActorStuff: Don't be generous to impress. Just be generous.
Definitely, I'm well. We need to connect next time you're in nyc or when I'm on your coast.
what's your # for todays's Marriage America conference?
I can't wait to see it!! Sounds amazing! :D
& you should most definitely be rooting for #cuse. i think they only wear orange on the road, though.
Genability can provide inexpensive and secure technology for getting pricing data to your customers.
Best tweet ever. I would happily start a movement to work from there. The Creamery has nothing on our counters + Awful Awfuls.
The ratio of a circle to its diameter happens at 3.13-3.15. Pi. A rainbow curves in this pattern with violet manifesting the pot of gold.
Working with a client tomorrow on strategic plan. How's your plan coming this year? Are you tracking your results? Modifying? Abandoning?
#Carmel and Homestead in the regional final!
Dam we just blue a 18 point led
Thinking I should order tickets for the film festival this weekend, but haven't had time to read the listing yet
I'm not really a fan of gambling lol. Have any ideas though?
Her mouth said "I love you", but her eyes said "I wish you'd founded Instagram."
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: $12 PIZZA!!! 14in any toppings! Just $15 for delivery, see you there!
Let us come into his presence with thanksgiving; let us make a joyful noise to him with songs of praise! -Psalm 95:2
Vinyl is the new black. Due to #tech physical music instruments are becoming a novelty
SF is going to be awful next week. D-bags in jeans & sport coats will descend on downtown.
that hurt I aint gonna front for twitter. But We still beat yall tho, and we didnt get swept last season ^_^
Work in a couple hours! No. ha.
That moment When your Crush accepts the fact that he likes you♥ .
Did you feel the tremors from last night's earthquake?
omg ma dad would go nutz
I should probably go to bed sometime
you can't even talk yet what do you know about that? Lol
Any man who can see through women is sure missing a lot.
Recently had the pleasure of meeting Katrina Gulliver. I am happy to meet you virtually!
"Paradise" by is the most devilishly infectious, terribly magnetic, and horribly catchy song.
hey do you guys have any plans to add in keyboard shortcuts for boomerang for gmail? that would be awesome, i would love it!
Creative minds don't forget to check out zazzle.com, a place to customize your designs and work, for others to buy, they ship and pay %.
People that get upset when you unfollow them and they wasn't even following you back <
I'm not! You just don't get it!!!
Heading out to 's meet & greet!
Gonna be at Basic right?
refugee mothers who's toddlers about to undergo heart surgeries.. not being able to speak n properly communicate cld drive ppl off the wall
Good night twitterettes and twitterudes ... Its midnight and past my bedtime ;) haha
Cue AC/DC! rofl
A good point, well made.
Jennifer is pussy AF !she wudda got ha ass beat for suing sum1 for slapping her!she irks me hard ha pussy ass need to get punched in the gut
You said I love you I said it to the only thing is I didn't lie to u
zombie apocalypse tip 126: if in a house alone, make sure you are quiet and keep lights off at all times. DON"T DRAW ATTENTION TO YOURSELF!
So has someone got a download for SWATH MTV yet, in one video?
try again!!!!
that's totally mind-blowing, man.
pretty much taking a 4hr nap here. Worth it.
I dislike you all
message me on facebook!
Tired, so so tired! And it's time to get up
Thanks for the plug today! :)
Wow San Antonio!
: is definitely chugging along! Agreed, we shall chat... very, very soon. <(^_^<)
RT Remember: a break up is an opportunity to trade up!
Love that idea. Can't wait to experience w/ 2 of my fav #MKEfoodies! RT let's go there when it opens!
I deduce you like the Hobbit. They're also making the Runelords movie, if you've read it. Vote on the actors
i love when the TT are for a good causes #stopkony im overwhelmed & it proves that their is ppl who still care.
so what's everyone done/doing tonight or whatever
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Emily Wilson for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 14U Team
Pedi with the family:-)
RT": Feel ugly? Go chill in walmart for 2 hours. You'll feel A LOT better"
Amazing every time.
RT : wow Jo lee was off the hook and j Lo looking good tonight
Loofah Cookie is so lucious and also smells like you could just be tempted to take a tiny bite out of it. But don't you'll be talkin bubbles
Bitch I just called u “ New hair color coming soon!”
Won tickets to the beastie boys screening at the troc tomorrow. Can't go now. What a bummer.
I'm telling you #Jesus still protects&provides. Give Him a try
good luck mane hope the grizzlies handle their business tonight!
#NowPlaying Massive Attack. Teardrop.
RIP Adam "MCA" Yauch. Wow. So sad.
The man whom I thought was the love of my life drained my bank account and left me wIth nothing. Be careful ladies!
Sometimes i dont care but at the same time i do:/
like what? And don't let it get the best of you
You got a mountain of debt in front of you as of now?
You just said there was two people on your twitter?
Why are so many people STUPID??? I mean is it a Fad or something???
Crying over
While most you dudes looking for a** im looking for assets...
Wow. John Ensign's a big ole cheater. So much for family values.
lolz...fuck our lives right now
Truer words have never been stated.
& Thinking about getting a kid-sized Captain America costume and trying to squeeze into for Halloween this year.
Shouldn't you still be celebrating #lfc glory?
Aug Co & Stn Dems on 2012 GA: deep partisanship. Right wing extremists control Va GOP. Dems to fight GOP
Never get someone's name tattooed on you.
Poppe Easter in one word.
aw thanks for following, I followed back :)
I knew Shane Mosley wouldn't get knocked out
hey, thanks for the follow bro (:
My grants department is having success! We've been awarded 3 new federal grants, with a total beginning FY11 of over $5.85 mil.
god bless the boyz mothers for creating such amazing children.
oh our local Chinese restaurant won't speak to me in english anymore
I want to get the fuck out of here -.-
Yes I am weezy but I ain't asthmatic
Filing one more tax return is going to make me lose it.
I'll be sure to check them out!
so tired of doing plato 10days left in high school
Can't decide, hot yoga or running along the sea wall.
Well I think yesterday's seminar didn't go to badly. Not exactly what I thought it'd be but it was tame. Phew.
Sure, Lloyd whatever you think will help your chances.
epic :D
I'm flooding my own timeline :x
Followed you Hun (: and nope I don't ;(
RT : R.i.p. MCA Adam Yauch. 1 of my favorite rap groups ever.
Just right, and cool!
..read up on u nd I can't believe they dropped u Ur a good artist. And I hope ur still doing music. U have a great voice girl!
have you tried swapping your pillow for an SQL book? learn by osmosis.
shut up lol u welcome tho :-)
follow me
Swabes, would you rather drinking nothing but Coors for a month than talk #Tebow for a day?RT : :
I've heard June!
#smart...#Pacquiao giveaway/Facebook fan like, streaming training, twitter giveaway = fun, direct preamble to the fight
not going to school today.sorry=(
...on my way to eat over my momma house!
chill he's a bro
ready for next tuesday back college
I can't believe Peavy caught that ball. Wow!
time to buy a bigger umbrella...
"Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure." - George Edward Woodberry
Last month of school
MONDAY COFFEE BREAK: Take a brisk walk today! Energize! Rejuvenate! Forget it's Monday. Physical exercise is any bodily activity that...
its U smile :)
Even staring at the wall becomes interesting while trying to study
I really hate calling girls out they name but after all this time I think I need to let yu know. YU. ARE. A. BITCH
Robert Spitzer's recent retraction of his 2001 study suggesting so-called ex-gay therapy can be effective may be a gateway to tearing dow
Ha!! Universal remote for an air conditioner?! WTF?! Get up, turn it on, sit back down!!
It's all sunshine for Elayne Coba this weekend. Congrats on your booking lovely! Thank you Rodeo Casting.
Gearing up for RWA next week? Check out the fast company article on one of my favorite people Angela James
A nice conversation with some Portuguese ☺
follow back please :)
It takes place around DC, so it's fun to wander around and find places I know.
i am finally out of the ridiculous box i was stuck in
Hey guys, I left my Google Places grey jacket at your space last week - it had a white pair of ear buds in the pocket- see it?
I Love My lawlorff Family 💝
The grinch would be on during the time I planed to study for my math final...
Getting your license revoked? (I kid, I have no idea what that street is like...)
Thank you, well-wishers. Knee is mending great. Should be back to fluffing soon. er... I mean, working. Anyone seen Parker London around?
thats sucks dude!
Anyone located in #Overland, KS? We need your help and will be happy to compensate you with cookies! =)
I'm just saying I was nodding off during the final act of METROPOLIS. Nothing against the film. I was just sleepy.
As social creatures an immersive/virtual internet experience would be more engaging. But might take a while to get there
tell your little life-suck i said thanks for allotting you the energy to tweet to me. also, add in a belly rub. just 'cause.
Should I do The Motto or Hate Sleeping Alone.?
It's Wednesday. If you're not onto your 3rd pound of chanterelles for the week, what the hell have you been eating (and why)?
Hitting the #gym bright and early need to get that #beachbod back! Night tweeetlings 🌙
"If you are not a brand, you are a commodity."
What's up man, its Dre from Phoenix, holla @ me... I gotta a track for you. Orphanz™
Heroes <3 I love that song.HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
V.I.P. ENT = Very Improved People Entertainment
why? I have no job there.
yeah, that is dumb. But I have 0 issue with protesting the rapidly rising costs of higher ed (incl debt)
About everything I do I always think to myself "I'm probably the only person in the world that does this."
Hot tennis chicks say by to me all the time... sorry
Thank you for the networking tips, very helpful! If u were to pick 1 conf as a student next semester, what would it b? WCOS?
Getting ready for the party. c:
Did you get the jumps from yesterday?
happy that is closing....come on , don't let me down by making me commute in horrid weather.
are you going to postmortem tonight?
tons of reasons for women to wear weaves/braids...to protect/grow out their own hair, women who work out a lot, etc
Yeah. Baby shower. Was gonna invite u for menudo on Sunday. Next time!
i still cant work this , :/
I heard that the brand new will be open tonight. True?
We have a great body butter for just that purpose! Bath and Body Bistro 110 Morningside NE. Come try it!
"The reasons why ineffective practices prevail in human resources management are because of several reasons." - Best.Answer.Ever.
OMG, there's a scene in the latest episode that's #priceless!
This performance
Got something special coming up for you guys.
Come in and know me better man!
Shout to Christian Polley for knowing everything
No sitters available at 6am tomorrow? Fine, the kiddo can be my TA on last day.
debating on getting a tumblr
It looks like users have disputed the photos you have posted.In case there is confusion photos posted are required to be real-time
Thanks I love these kinds of tools. It's the math geek in me. --> creately.com
Ellie Goulding, your voice is amazing.
Smart move having more than one person there to live tweet and answer Qs. Learned from experience?
My 3 yr old niece always makes me smile. Today she wanted to come to my house because my dog misses her. Lucy does miss her. They must text.
happy birthday. Many more
unfollowing everyone following all my followers back. be patient thx
congratulations Dr Lockridge!
LOL. How's it been? Working on anything cool right now?
i miss kyle.):
Let's go boys 7:33 of hard football left
Where did anxiety come from? I'd like to give it the middle finger and tell it to fuck right off!
It's goin down tonite at The Bad Monkey! We hit the stage at 11!
twitter needs to add more characters per tweet! i ran out!
The Love Of Your Life Break Up With You And Sayin "We Can Still Be Friends" Is Like Your Dog Dying And Ur Mom Sayin "We Can Still Keep It"
what about bracelets?(:
Went to sleep fine. Woke up with a 102 temperature. FML
Me too!:/ RT : I wanna go watch the Spurs game at some restaurant with all my friends like in the good ol'days 😔
feeling like im king of this rap shit I want the world and everything in it
that one wad my fave out of all the MI Series.
Really glad a middle aged white guy horse won the derby. Storybook ending.
we went at 4 and it wasn't bad.. When we left at 5:30 it was a different story!
welp gettin off in a few. hope i getto hang with justice tomorrow !
Woot! in the house
That's really strange then -- i didn't' change the mobile template at all, only the desktop.
well sign off no one wants to see ur ugly face
yea I think so. There were about 30 in line
Animal Style FTW (>^_^<)
Jenna I feel there is so much kinship! Like an unbreakable bond; like a family! It's a phenomena I never felt before! ♥
:] eatiinnn pizza..ryt now...yummy...anybody want sommmmeee????:P
THE #VMA HAD A SNAKE AND WAS SCARED LOL AND JUSTIN KKISS HER SELENA LIKE SNAKE JUSTIN
Holy scnikes has it been long since Ive been on this side. How have yall been?
Today is a dead of meatasaourous
i think im going to head to old town after work to get my packet....see you there maybe!
we were trying to figure out if he has a twitter
Follow and tweet me and get my # by dm.
#ThatMomentWhen you realize is a Shield Agent.
Normal Girl Problems: Am I too fat? Am I too ugly? Mahomie Problems: Will I ever meet Austin? Will he know I exist?
Fulltime needs:Project Mgr with IT PMLC, Resource Mangmnt,Budgets,Risk clients in TX. Pls send resume to
Looks to be a great night for Men's League!
when you drive by a car with kids in the back, windows up, parents smoking...
Loving cigars and scotch post-#WHCD at Capitol Hilton with , and
Life without Risk, is like Plants without Water. You can't grow if you're not willing to take that chance for what you love.
Who calls from "Private" numbers still? Especially at 6:35am....
Oh my! We are close to 200 fans!! Can we make it? Can we make it?!? Pass it on to your friends, family and pets. All friends on deck!
couldn't agree more!
listen to ! you will like them! :)
what can u do!!
Well this sucks
115 days until the world championships! Cant wait to play in that hot NC summer sun!
The longest two hours is happening RIGHT NOW... when... is... work... over...
I don't follow enough michigan state fans....
Best-selling author Margina Graham Parker is now signing at the Baltimore Book Festival.
He'll take Ryan Fitzpatrick's job by midseason. RT Vince Young signed with the Buffalo Bills.
Good morning! Did anyone have a #SUBWAY breakfast? April's featured $5 footlong is Bacon Egg and Cheese and we've got BOGO 6" subs til 9am!
Do you wonder why Cain's offering was not acceptible to God? Read my thoughts on New Release Page, www.lindaswift.net
NASCAR founder heads SEMA Hall of Fame class - Tire Business
I wanna just soak in the tub tonight🛀n sip
you are a funny dude.
My sister and I are making a nanner for my handsome nephew's grave. It's going to be rockin :D
We have expert resume writers to assist you! We keep current with all industries in order to tailor your resume perfectly! Call us!
The rest of the Bulls that night shot 19-of-50 (38%). MJ assisted on 6 of those 19 field goals.
#ImHappyWhen I'm playing my favorite games like Halo, COD, Mass Effect, MvC & Street Fighter.
GOODIE MOB performs on "The Voice" tonight!!... Where it all began for Cee-Lo Green - when ATL hip hop was real in the ATL
good luck w/ ur research. do tweet w/ other medical librarians in the field & get their perspective as well.
Mind mapping museum technologies
Great article by Martino about MLS salaries and Feilhaber's signing by NE.
Off today. Planned on getting up early to be productive. Still in bed watching Golden Girls. (singing 2 self-"thank u for being a friend..."
wait to call out a team that the pacers probably won't even get to play.
good to see you on twitter 10 days.........
Great great great worship this morning!!! :) #praiseHim #chapel #sogood!
Sorry, thought you meant the era of success was over. In that case, you are correct.
What a wonderful tribute to Whitney Houston on #Glee. Such beautiful songs, her legacy will live on!
Alright 2 Chainz Might not have the Most Complex Lines But The Dude Has the Delivery Factor.
Last time the Bordo's where brought out i was surrounded by loved ones. Its only fitting as I watch kansas beast and fix myself a plate..
Like it "visual discovery"! RT : : SeeSaw is a visual discovery platform...see Tweets in a new way
has gone PINK for Breast Cancer Awareness month! , #pink,
Written updates along the way may help as well, depending on the culture and style of your company
seeing your show for the first time on tv awsome!
they missed it bad!! did another one of his stupid last minute goals..
I'm down always go to my friends lake house on memorial day
Loved the premier of South Pacific. Hope you're still having fun at it.
TUE Dinner Dessert Special: Chocolate Ice Box Pie with Vanilla Anglaise, Fresh Whipped Cream & Chocolate Shavings
i love you and all your inspirational words
& reunite to settle the score. Don't miss #PacMarquez I. Tomorrow night at 9pmET/6pmPT, Live on PPV.
Sunday's the coffee always taste better.
Family and time
what did you order out there
1D Means Everything To Us :) yes they do, they keep my face smiling ;D
I'm listening to the US Natives album right now and really digging it. Super fun and groovy.
This day in 1994, Whirlpool continues production on freon-free refrigerators. Freons being a major ozone-depleting chemical.
You guys, I switched contact lens solution to Opti-Free Pure Moist and it's amazing.
Well played! We have been blessed with a warm winter. 50 degrees today. I will be firing the grill up shortly as well.
let's not..
I have too many suicidal thoughts to go shooting at a gun range.
next page please
Thanks #HHfreenight for the free stay at ANY Hilton hotel worldwide!! This made my Monday :-).
Tell me I'm beautiful
Middleton PD looking for two men who allegedly tried to push a girl into a van near Parkside Heights Park this AM. Call 824-7300 with info.
Brenda Smith was the winner. Still bus seats and tickets left. Or maybe you know Brenda.
Back from #Kzoo2012. Resuming regularly scheduled life.
Fat Lee
I really enjoyed the season finale tonight! Looking forward to next season!
moms my favorite hot n readys!!
lol boy came to da gym dis morning. I was like wtf
Can't help but be in random people's graduation photos
Some girl on fb just got caught under the act. She letting 2 dudes crack her on camera..
Library Technology Conference at Macalester. Nerd squared.
You broke Twitter son! Done!
I already own like 25 of these dolls... that weird?
wait, chad Pennington's calling games now? I thought he was still a backup somewhere
Too many drunk people in one spot is not always a good thing....
Thanks for the tip! Just started following
Bitch, evaporate.
I love your twitter & all of your tweet. I wish i was more like you coast you're gorgeous & nice. You deserve to meet IB<3
Have to read a whole book by tomorrow and im tweeting...
TODAYS DEAL : Benefits of failing:1. U become stronger. 2. U know your real friends.
Laureate Education - Online Course (non-broadcast) Non-Union AUDITION DATE: Monday 5/21 Please email headshot & resume to: betsy…
bored in Arlington, plans got cancelled... anyone wanna do something?? wanna wait in line at In-N-Out anyone?? haha
I'm Not Living If Your Not By My Side ♥
We have one going on here also - so beautiful, but rough driving so staying home. Be safe!
“: I'm curious,WHAT WAS THE FIRST SONG OF MINE THAT YOU HEARD??? Or liked...”Antonio Montana str8 🔥 homie
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then areas of low clouds and fog. Lows 55 to 60. Light winds.
Watching the food network getting ideas for mother's day brunch
I juss saw this article that says Harry likes girls who can pee standing up... CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!
Dang CL get it girl!
New File "backstage" menu is impressive and VERY functional.
you can be anything in this world that you want... except for my downfall
I just love it when Skakin' Pickle songs enter my brain out of no where. I'm in love With a Girl Named Spike.
Happy Birthday! :) Your Birthdays 6 Days After Mine !
Tomie DePaolo's Jamie O'Rourke and teh Big Potato or Gail Gibbon's St. Patrick's Day
NVM the website did not load correctly.
Lunch time! Yea....like I haven't been eating all morning..
Lust is just a state of mind but love is a emotion that keeps the world turning
iPhone 5�s voice-to-text feature auto-corrects Horny enough to bang your mom! to Sorry to hear about your mom! USELESS for Twitter
done with the tramp stamp?
and a quick time out as we compare gross feet stories.
I saw you at Village Pizza :P
Disneyworld is my favorite place ever
Austin put sex in their ears to make me though.
27 hour construction weekend complete. 15 of 18 windows installed. Huge success! Massive pain! (via )
If he wears a uniform.
All I ever tweet nowadays is that im bored..........I need excitement here
Council Adjourned
#Q1 I would argue a more varied audience would make the conversation more engaging.
richpublican ideas can solve poorly managed city. San Diego needs new blood on council!
Watching "Area 51 Declassified" on National Geographic Channel. Just fascinating stuff.
ha ha, I'm currently trying to hide an enormous erection.
My mom doesnt have a twitter, thats why i do.
": Should I bring in doughnuts or bagels for me and mhhhh.." m I'm cool with either one!
Derby time bitches
Thank you!
is in the house. Let the fun and games begin.
Who was your best dressed on the Red Carpet?
Election officer training class. Big fun. Lol
I already hate today... Suffering at the orthopedist
yeah... I do idiotic things too.
Wow. By Tuesday my mind is swimming with ideas! Happy that a to do list is quickly forming.
lmaooo remember padway, and sam washer hilarious
alex's best friend so that i could like both of them still :)
got this drink in my cup :)
RT : "If we don't change direction we are likely to end up where we are headed." ~ Chinese Proverb
- I know for a fact there was a reason for asking this... As I have woken up am now not as drunky pants I can't remember
#Thisweather is cuddling weather :D thank god i got my dog. <3
Yes, you are correct. (did I really just admit that?)
We have The Frog and Toad Treasury. 3 books in 1. ISBN 0060267887
Nvm they're white enough.
Screw your flowers, screw your stupid picture, and screw you.
People, I'm looking for a job in #PR #SM in #indy that will sponsor my H1B Visa. Know of any openings?
“: -Loved the Leap Day Birthday Boy story from ” good to hear! I've had a lot of fun pieces lately.
It's too early to b awake....
MY MAYNE SHIIIT LMAO RT I WOULD LOVE TO SEE A JIGSAW GAME WHERE HE MAKES A BLACK BITCH TAKE HER WEAVE OFF WITH A KEY OR DIE
I am missing your insight
Great session at #hci federal summit - NASA's next gen workforce up on stage w/ their CHCO, Toni Dawsey - amazing Xers and Millenials!
Do you guys cover #filmfestivals?
where did these niggas come from yall ned ta go somewhere
you get points just for thinking of that!
#sdmayornp "who's gonna watch the moderators?" LOL
Just Live Your Life.
You want more? Ok. John boehner to american people: "thank you, william harry harrison. And chester a arthur certainly had a hand as well."
Ill Always Love Yuu . No Matter What .
Eenie meenie minie mo.... to what college should I go...
I'm bored...so I'm just copying a bunch of my old FB statuses into twitter...I should probs be doing homework...but oh well...
GOPs choice: Social caveman w dubious fiscal record Santorum; fiscal conservative who is hands-off on social issues Paul; or 2 say-anythings
Ugh meant eat at Holiday Inn but my din
I wish there was a 'like' button for your tweet! :)
Damn straight.
Why are all my lightbulbs suddenly burning out!?
I am! Thanks chad! How are you?
I'm over crying n shit. Tears of happiness.
Same. Sports writers are f'ing terrible. Can't believe how much crap is published about Barcelona's season. Just shit thinking.
Ovwa I'm out I'm hitting pillows
Debate tonight at U of Charleston. Reportedly Tomblin & Thompson to be no shows at this ELECTION'S ONLY DEBATE. Anyone for Hide and Seek?
At 7 p.m., I was the 117th voter at the U&14th polling pl RT The only suspense tonight is whether D.C. cast more than 5,000 votes
School has gone by fassttt
“: Foul on Barbosa is disgusting. Serious? Wow. That's and-one.”
Here I thought we were going to have some office naughtiness and he's daydreaming!
YW! The MA Constitution is stronger than the US in many areas of personal rights and liberties.
Painting my nails now 💅 hehe
How did I just now see has a twitter account. I'm ashamed as a KU Alum and a Milwaukee Bucks fan. #RCJH &
and this is a city that could use more mindfulness. this much is clear.
So is it the policy of Home Depot to advise customers to get a new Home Depot Card every time to save, then just cancel it?
We both brought beer and now have too much.
ah, didn't know you'd moved further west on LI! f'real, just write a tebow piece on spec and send it along to them...
I never understood y ppl go to school just to roam in the hallways
sifting through video footage of the long drive out west
Watching "Divorce Court" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
piétrus dropping them threes!!!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 6
Oh, and GO ROCKIES!!!
Basketball........who wants 2 play me??(:
thank you<3
Creating a Marketing Campaign....about marketing campaigns.
Blessings to you. With all the challenges you may have, being a loving mother is not one them. You are Special.
You don't have to see something to know that it's really there. You just believe it.
Me too and how are you? :D
Miss the family, but love being back in Chicago.
Can you check in at the lake on foursquare tho? Lol
hi momma
i fuck with special effects... light this here contraption it will foggy ya glasses...
Laundry takes forever ! Ugh .
Can you allow things to be as they are without trying to control them. Life may just be wiser than we are.
We didn't have any food in the house. I can eat as much cheese as I want!
nice!!! send over some of your stuff so I can check it out!
Great seeing Sherri, Rob, Mike, Marie of the South Philly Team and so many others tonight. A great time. Thanks Sherri for organizing it.
Wtf netflix. Why you no work?
it looks 'scrum-did-a-lee-ump-tious'
Maybe it just really was "all natural" health cereals are starting to cross the line!
it's not that they haven't lost much, it's that it could be a lot worse. Defense takes a huge hit with Gonzalez and Gomez
Welcome, Tonya! Do you have anything else fun planned for the day?
Steely Dan, that is, in the mix
Thanks to #oitp I've already had a full #alamw12 conference, and the exhibits ribbon just got cut.
If I make a second pledge to salute Charles Edwards' leadership of the news team, does that count?
thanks** hello) how a you?
The train in my hood is so much more calming. The DT trains just squeal
Thankx for coming out to HEROES LOUNGE and supporting the event... gone keep jamming the #TRAGIC song..... Keep grinding!!
lol i see you found the pic i got everyone reposting!!! Powerful words huh "bad bitch"
Where my Puerto Rican's at?!?!
#GIVE it up for the - It's for a good cause and helps
It genuinely surprises me that isn't huge. So basically i am going to obnoxiosly show them off to all my friends!
Sam you gotta get the fuck outta my mentions
looks awesome! I might see you there on the 21st.
congrats on getting 3 million followers Louis! You are amazing and we all love you so much :)
Today I failed at Ceiling Fan but succeeded at Curtains; also my knees tell me that I failed at Resting After Epic Sailing Dammit.
I have seen what a laugh can do. It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful. - Bob Hope
This #Texas #Cincy game is boring! 13-2 after ten min. Should keeping track of bad shots and turn overs!
"And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose." Romans 8:28
Big day today.. Stay tuned for today's picks...
Document every day he's missed!!! That's instruction time gone. Have u addressed w/school how they will make up this time?
follow me back dude
Our kitchen is a museum of coffee. Standard brewer, french presses, aeropress, and now a chemex. #WhatNext?
Missing my Physics besties :(
ack. acai twitter hack. thanks for setting me straight.
The blue Moon has risen.. Gunners we are 3rd
Dear Lord! I just don't get you!
U ROCK VICTORIA!!! <3
Facebook's timeline feature is now live, make sure to activate yours and enjoy the tour! What a neat application.
Charlie's tweets about me(:
A River
where and when
Prosecutable hate speech in 17th-century Massachusetts included calling people “dogs,” “rogues” and even “queens”.
Where thaaa rolls @?????
You got knocked the fuck out!!... BITCH!!!
exactly. yes! I loved the marks the husband's fingers made in the bedspread as he fell to his knees...such subtleties
My pleasure. I need to know the good guys on so we can tell to
Just passed a huge crash with a flipped car right by my house. So damn sad.
Pumpkin Pie or Sweet Potato Pie?
Load School-wide reading program selections for teachers to read on kindles over the summer!
There will not be a live stream this Friday. It is being bumped back to Saturday, maybe a little earlier than 8. That may be the new time.
yeah, you want to go to the mall?
I asked wolfram alpha a question and i didn't get the answer, but google had it right away. i am disappoint.
Today I got mistaken from my twin like 4 times.
Go see Red Tails y'all!!!! If we don't support who will! This will determine the future of African American cinema!
Getting all packed up for my Big Move to LA. Im excited about it but the boys want to stay in Wisconsin
#Icanhonestlysay that I when I think of DC, I think of Fox's Bones. I know. I'm horrible.
Nigga always talking bout sex, relationship or money and ain't got neither one, go find a Hobbie or something else to talk bout
Off to the hospital at 11 o'clock at night through flooded streets in a middle of a lightning storm
What small Canadian presses do you like? editor-& I are lookin for more books by great ladyauthors to review
You're welcome.
$find = &$expanded, awww, how cute! hahaha!
Squirrel hunting with Amabile
stay cheesy :-)
Power is the ability to walk away from what you desire to protect what you love. - Michael Bailey
Boo! I hope you feel better soon.
They were gonna call the new restaurant "La Salsa," "Mexican Shit Here," but I think those focus groups really paid off.
No-hitter by far. not even close
you mean your imaginary friends from Cabel Midland
still working on portfolios
We love feedback. If you haven't already be sure to check out www.theadvocator.org
It sucks when you're really upset ansd you know they aren't even affected
its like we were destined to be roommates
50% off towards Glow Salon and Spa's services - men, get a straight shave; ladies, get a Shellac manicure! www.crowdclick.com
Might need a morning after wat we did the nite before 😏
Just used to order a #pizza from
Please don't turn on that light... Ugh
Health insurance companies already ration and nix needed care for the insured --stop the scaremongering about healthcare reform
But...but I was right!
When you dont know if the guy next to you is talking to himself or dying in pain with sound effects....... ~Devin.Anne<3
For drama and adventure, have a sticker of a distant car in your rear view mirror. You can then pretend as if you're being chased.
Welcome Hyannis MA
no plans. Tell me when you'll be there.
Downtown, 13th and Oak, not too far away.
Thanks to for being such an informational and helpful
best tweet ever by Dan Dan
The pieces to the puzzle are fitting together. Today we launch the #proLove360 #sharetheLove campaign. Our mission is simple:
no problem, no rush. I've been missing a lot of deadlines lately b/c of my travel schedule so wanted to check on that. Thanks!
Today is going to be a copy driven day.
Can we please talk about Obama's birth certificate some more? It's so interesting.
Had a beer with and Patrick Fox and talked about web fonts, backbone.js, and the how we're
Packing for D.C.
In need of a good nut
I like how they fire, people. Passively.
Yo the fans who are in the American Airline Arena suck get the fuck up and make some noise your rich people
Happy Halloween! Have a nice day
you're revising hard then?;)
hahaha its a rough part of my day
In 1996 he produced an innovative on-hour video piece titled 'Question Bridge' that investigates class divisions within the Black community.
Tensator Named &quot;Cool Vendor&quot; by Leading Analyst Firm
did u make it down??
#ThisSummerImTryna Have Fun
Time to show what a real class act team looks and acts like
my favorite show !!!!
Hi I hope you had a wonderful day :)
i went to the club
Tomorrow will go to school and I will go see Titanic in 3D
Maybe I'll get cheese fries. By myself. \m/
8 bars down, 9 to go... Game on!! Broncos next
Cool I'll send you info shortly. I found it online and tried it, and it turned out to be lots of fun. Mike enjoys it too!
My best friend > your life (':
that will just be awesome looking forward to that too each day is a blessing to us
I think your tag is fine - just need to clarify who you are and what you're doing on prof pg w/ link to work maybe.
Awesome time working with for & 's wedding at the #Hardrock Hotel San Diego
Guys we are thugs.
Hahaha yeah right.
Wow nice good for you! Congratulations on all your accomplisments! Best daryl
yes. I have two, one for each floor. The baby one is cute for the bathroom too.
your hair >>>
And I'm like, it's better than your's (Serious SQL skills here, son)
You're like playing around with a person and they get mad at everything, bro.
love them! They need to come to #Wichita!
Summer Institute 2010 is near capacity, will be closed very soon. info at: www.communityworksinstitute.org
“: She wasn't even hittn me ! I woulda went round 2 but I wass to damn tired shiit lol .”u lien the video don't lie bruh
I <3 skinny white ass.
I should really upgrade my fucking soundcloud account, I gotta stop being so cheap lol
Q7 What you do before or during a college visit about eating gluten-free on campus as a student?
If you want to be on our email list, post it and we will add you :)
Why would K-Rod even pitch to Kotsay?? With his 8th inning blast, Kotsay has now hit more HRs this season than Pujols!
I cant drive anywhere xcuz Im drunk n high. I just got kicked out so my fruend could hook up with some guy. I wanna leave!
I bought an e-reader. Now I can read Fifty Shades of Grey without judgement from fellow subway riders.
TCU 102-#11 UNLV 97. One of the best feelings I've had in my life. I am so happy for Coach Christian, our staff, and our great young men
We love it!
I got an ipod for the first in my life last year as a gift, and the first artist albums I buy was Kimmy Blanco ##True!!!
I'm glad this is almost over! I'm hot & bothered
make a wish foundation #can'thandleyou
Yo gotti said it best man what happened to the real niggas
I remember when I HATED Big Time Rush. Kendall changed that when I saw Big Time Live
if i could go back and forth from white blonde to black hair, day to day depending on my mood, without any damage...i would.
And Buffalo draws first blood on a Jason Pominville wrister that sailed above Thomas' glove side.
come on guys! 4 more likes to 1000, help us do it!
guess that's right
u guys got lucky one year. The ravens are the only NFL team to make the playoffs 4 years in a row from 2008 to 2011.
Umm... cool? RT : I have secured a pair of 's socks tonight. Not allowed to tweet until he hits the stage.
Why am I awake?
I mean most of the time we aren't friends...
LHP Joe Savery optioned to Lehigh Valley (A). Roster move will be made on Friday. -- Todd Zolecki ()
collaboration: we talk about it, but we don't do it. it's complicated.
pictures of Boombox?
Pacqiao would never catch Money if they fought.
I usually hate singing competition shows but I have loved #TheVoice since day one! Judges are the best.
lol that's me all the time bro :p haha
Have a new follower today. Stress to create pithy statements crippling me. Luckily she's foreign, so I'm pretty sure she speaks no English.
Thanks for eating the last of it, jerk... Another waiter went hungry because of you. Until he made some o' Chef's chips. m
You must begin to think right about yourself.
Justin just recorded his first ever hattrick! 3 goals in one game! So proud of this dude! My boy!
This sounds like the most awesome Wisco event ever: Wisconsin Grilled Cheese Championship, tomorrow in Mineral Point. Say hi to
YOU DON'T KNOW OH OH YOU DON'T KNOW YOUR BEAUTIFUL<3 *dedicated to austin's toe*
absolutely dude, cannot wait to see #ArcticMonkeys what do you think of the new song #BrickByBrick ?
Pinterest is my new bff !
I'll cry and it's your fault.. hope that stays in your mind forever :'(
Yes ma'am! :D OMG 2 things! My dad was talking to my about geting BTR tickets for March 10th if they still have them & he was
I forgot my belt!!! I HATE it when I forget my belt. :D
thank you ! that is very kind of you :)
Feels a little odd to be packing for a snowboard trip while its 75 and sunny out.
Thanks so much for the #FF! Have a wonderful holiday weekend!!!
Go to the gym...Go to the gym...Go to the gym...
I still have that dream that I'll meet you one day. Im not giving up.
RT Let the power and inspiration of your vision PULL you up out of your current circumstances. It gets better and better!
Why is same sex marriage an issue? Why should anyone care who someone else marries. Live and let live.
Loved seeing everyone gathered around 's computer to watch the shuttle launch! Great way to spend the morning at work.
tell me if you like the movie
We would love to visit!! We filmed a show for Fine Living a few years ago where we went on a swamp tour in the Everglades.
I was about to go off in this nigga ass breh . He got scared
Workouts in the heat
The winner of is CloudTop
ditto. Medium couldn't even finish the whole season they had to quickly end it leaving a very rushed ending
My manager rocks bringing croissants, fruit, muffins on the last day of the quarter.
LOL, I tweeted a link to this 30 minutes ago. Your getting slow in your old age.
Anyone going to #UAWOW LA tomorrow?
Yeesh, the Braves are going to lose this game, aren't they?
< they fucked alot of people up trust me.
At TPA, heading for south Beach and the Food network food and wine festival!
Then it's allowable. :)
Tip from #m2062 participant Aga Zostek: check out "Creative Man" from Copenhagen Inst for Futures Studies
The last time you tweeted was really 39 days ago?
TO MY O'G, TRIPLE O'G HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Also easy on that cake lol.
LMAO Yes girl and Ebony is her therapist.!!!! Im dying at this scenario....
Really? Sorry you made that bad decision! LOL
SEO is worth learning about.
have you let Blago know you're coming? He saving a spot for you?
RIP Lewis "Buddy" Nordan
What's the point in pretending to be something you're not..? & were themselves look at them now! <3 follow me??
agree with you and
I like what Gardner brings on offense, but when Florida makes him defend away from the basket, he's absolutely useless with that bad knee.
On Skype now. Also need approval for Edmodo.
SAVED WAVE, YEA - WE'VE PLAYED CRAZED INTO A GREAT DAY, CUZ AS FUCKIN ALWAYS, WE PUFFIN GRADE A...
Hopefully we will be there some day.....
Will always be our Texas boy ! <3
You do crowd control. I'll handle the employees.
Keep giving services till u no longer feel comfortable-- good advice Beth in conf call
Presenting on panel at FDA on pharmacovigilance, social media and the future. Will write blog post later on learning's.
I just became the mayor of The Combination KFC & Tacol Bell on !
Afternoon lovelies! It's 's birthday today! I hope you're all well.
Not looking forward to going home tonight. 😭
Who put these hoes in my room
I hate casinos - just saying
People of NYC, do yourself a favor and go see this “: Playing a free show for Diesel Jeans on Tuesday."
How many of you actually read the terms of service on the OGIS Conference wifi?
Shiller Democratize WallStreet sounds better to me than #occupywallst but I get more hatemail from this bk
Heart pounding. Come on
lmao then it's a good thing ;) lmao xD
Gonna make brownie for later to watch the #HALOAwards just for and the rest of the Nickelodeon cast members
NY. One word: bagels.
So excited for tonight's event! RT : Good luck finalists
I just wanna sleep.
Since his double eagle, Oosthuizen has been incredibly clutch with longish par saves on 3, 6 and now 14.
chuck Norris in #walkertexasranger ....... chez overload
B! what it do man
Sparks:Your inlove NO sparks:Well your in a bull shited relastionship
Wow. RT : Evan Schnittman will join Hachette on May 7 as evp, chief marketing and sales officer, overseeing all company divisions
where is that
"Things don't happen TO you, they happen FOR you.
RT : 915 breweries in planning in the U.S., though 270 are very small (under 100 barrels).
i really wanted you to be a C' this year, thought you were the real deal, the Lebron stopper. Maybe i was wrong.
Should we expect a Deluxe Edition soon?
This is what public schooling does to the youth now
YES! If I can get up I'm coming over to lay on your couch...#1 hangover remedy
for recipes, home decor and clothing stuff — im hooked on PInterest.
get an android phone there so much better
But it's fun to watch. It's so bad it's good. And Leighton Meester is frgn hot!!! Season 1 was pretty good though.
its gonna be a good season (Y)
Want a taste of SD's TOP local culinary masterminds? The Sustainable Feast will be here April 22nd for round two.
US GOV can not the postal service much less FDA tobacco Health care the red tape nightmare is to disgusting to fathom! I know GOV BS to well
where is the dungeon?
so the bread is hair?
Its Election Day! Be sure to go out and vote!
“: Someone take me to the spott. I just wanna clear my head and watch sum airplanes.”///that place rocks!!!
