its always a debate, but for me some combination of guilt and optimism always wins, even though I've never been to SAA
Can't sleep, fantastic!
myspace is a ghost town llab
Guy plwase pray for my aunt she is in the middle of a tornado
somebody tell me to get off twitter and create my final for this week's class.. "very distracted today."
how in the hevan did you no that :/
You're Welcome :)
the fact she's driving a Nissan, I hope it's her.
My yahoo account did that a few months ago. I had to go through and change every password on all my accounts...
That's a good answer.
♥♥...you truly are an angel. Each time you've contacted me in some form the last month it's when I needed to hear from you most.
Friend me on ASW Inner Circle if you are members. Friend me on FAcebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro
So excited! We're going to be at the Look of Love Bridal Show in Milwaukee on Sun. April 3rd!
But they do that with you two every time!
goodmorning, wishing you a happy and bless day holly.
": Good luck at this weekend! You'll be awesome!" ••• aw thank you. i'm so excited!
who told you that
haha it does! Is there any way you could come back for it?
Pink Slime is not icky.
No book review this week … bit.ly/ndYmKh … but have a guest post by Harvey Mackay about the importance of books.
Win a pair of Nordica skis tonight at Tavern Tech Center during the Bud Light promo from 5-7:00 PM!
Yes!! We Should(:
I think im the reason Luke dosent follow us. I call him a slut and a dirty little pig..
ur mistaken. I'm the pink panther.I will find out who started the rumors &who vern really is.hiding behind a hackers mask!
And graphic novels! Bone, Amulet are hard to keep on the shelf.
incredible finish.
digital short was gross, i was w/justin on that one..."what's happening!?" haha ;)
After judge's warning, homeless camp with TV, Christmas lights is taken apart - Kansas City Star Kansas City Star After judge 's warning, h
MIKE WALLACE IS GOING TO THE SAINT LOUIS RAMS
amen just call His Name.... Lord Jesus!!!
best news i've heard in a long time thanks to
Ok here we go round 2 interview
see u guys there :)
flat adverb singing or playing musical notes that are slightly lower than they should be
I know how to admit I'm wrong and apologize
3 largest US health providers give Wisconsin School Districts millions of dollars to fill budget holes. Districts hold out for recalls.
#LetsBeReal Mavs fans you can thank your owner for getting rid of your true competitors- barea, chandler butler, and stevenson
see some of my work at youtube channel: josephmancusoactor
xD I think we all would! This summer=Fireworks.
a little of everything. Nonfiction, magazine articles, blogs, textbooks, fiction in my early days...you?
I got five new beats and I got five niggaz in mind. No charge lets go!!!!
I miss you
I have a justin bieber 3D cup. LOOL.
Thanks! Still going through the list to add more..I'm cheating by looking at yours! ;)
After an RBI double by Mike Davis, Clear replaces Wegman and allows another run on a suicide squeeze. 4-1 A's.
Cleaning my house before I start my day!!!!!
the hell you say!!!
Will tonight's match end up being a MLS Cup preview?
And then Beasties + Rollins Band + Cypress Hill @ the Sportatorium, Dallas Texas, November 1992. Most dangerous show ever.
Weirdies among us? Forgot -- I live in Los Angeles. Ever check out the mayor?
She loafs you, yeah, yeah, yeah
This is gonna be a hard couple of months
Brunch at lavo. Not that brunchy, it's a rave at 3pm.
I tried to order a double cheese burger at Mickydeez and the lady said they dont serve those.....i may be illiterate but i can see, miss.
no problem :) x
omgeee lo.what do you like? You seem to not like a lot of thing..hey i didn't give you your bday hug
Oh boy EOC tomorrow...
U & Hyori r fab. Assume best, take high road, work with her & produce bicultural/bilingual album. U'll encouraj evry1 w ur mercy
It is 3 days, 12 hours, 19 minutes to #ReinhartWorldDomination OH MY!
BEST Mexican Food In All Of Oregon!
You don't glide from success to success you lurch from failure to failure
Enjoyed a double espresso from while Booker got a haircut. Very good.
Is it halftime yet? Looking forward to some orange slices and watermelon/strawberry Capri-Sun.
Could have had the best of both worlds plus another planet, and had a party, eaten wings, and seen an amazing VS show.
"For this light momentary affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of glory beyond all comparison" 2 Corinthians 4:17
If you want it... you gotta go GET it!
Come to ! We would love to have you!
SB45 Biz Lesson # 13: Be yourself. Know what you do best and DO it!
Mike & Red... Nice glassware. #FAIL!
ur pic is wow y do always look better than me
I completely agree with you! I'm going to see it too but insidious looks way better
China currently maintains friendships w/ 160 countries and has signed 125 cultural agreements with other govts. via ZhaoheChe
Rickhouse is great for whiskey.
Bjork is about to take stage. Next time you see me I'll be reincarnated into an Icelandic fairy tree computer. Bye
I'm doing good as well. I'm Latoya nice to meet u. Where u from? I'm from Chicago Illinois
Nguyen gets follow up on non-mobility impaired disability issue
u make it to NOLA. Be safe and have a great time. GO BIG BLUE
nice win...lakers need a big bounce back game
which means you did something bad... what did you do Phil? Did you paint the dog with blue pain again???
Reading Neither Dead, Nor Sleeping! Fascinating! So John Edward but before John Edward.
@ That does happen. A girl I know told her ex she didn't want the kids but wanted all the furniture.
Hehe. ACORN doesn't even exist anymore. They filed for Chapter 7 2 years ago!
Let me help y'all out...GO TO IVCTV.NET to see independent and new artists represented right in their music videos!
Blueberry yogurt dipped pretzels are so yummy!
LOL, go get a haircut then!
I don't, but the CTA is pretty shaky, too! one of my favorite things is to watch people lurch forward when it stats up!
I love you so much Brian <3 you have an amazing life ahead of you, congrats(:
also starred at Sr. Bowl. You know what to do w/ 40 times...
Good night sweetie. Sleep well. ;)
#SanAntonio representing with 2 stories on : Kindergartner saves life & Alamo Heights "USA" chant scandal
We can make the world stop.
– David Reutimann landed a Daytona 500 ride as he will drive for By Bob Pockrass
Twitter high five
will your next album be in hard copy too??and when do u think it will be released??
True Entrepreneurs don't complain, instead they empower others - their clients & their team.
what are u gonna do in the big d?
#SomeoneToldMe life isnt gonna B easy..well hell they were sure right >.<
seeing you makes me want to run out and buy another case of Sancerre! Or Baumard. Awesome wine!
W. C. Fields
Changing in a crowded locker room... #notthafun ,but great lunchout
what about submissions by text message? No headshot but I've got an etch-a-sketch pic that's spot on. No? Dang! Haha
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
Hooray for my 2nd favorite #NFL team
hey Rich it's Joe Tong. Just thought I'd say hello and see how you been?
That moment when you feel yourself drifting into the dark side.
Excited for new breweries in town 2011: Lantern, American, Burdick, Narrow Bridge, etc. North Sound Brewing already here!
Good to hear.
I will!! XD
Amen sister, happy to say I have one.
I have a PSA opportunity for you and Chef. Please email me at if interested.
Funny.On set the actors weren't really saying anything to script.Your creations were probably closer reality.
It was all a dream I used to read Word Up magazine Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine Hangin' pictures on my wall
ariel iz going 2 text u i think....lol...wat u doing
No. But I pretty much squeal something like "THE OLYMPICS ARE THIS SUMMER squeeeeeee" ;)
can't wait to get the stickers. (:
OCR (on-campus recruiting): Federal Analyst-Summer Scholar, Strategy & Operations for Deloitte Consulting LLP. Deadline to apply: Sun. 1/29
GUYS I JUST GOT CARDED
Sounds like a good plan to us. Want to share your goal to help others design their money saving goals?
Followers: I changing my twitter name to WKOW_SNG.
Took a #KravMaga class last night and I am super sore right now
when people say follow someone i always do it but when i say follow me or someone else they SADLY never do=(
Nope. Laying low for broad st tomorrow.
than take some rest
will you take to be your lovely weddie wife I don't if I spelled but I'm go ghetto lol
thanks for the retweet Jerry!
and if you think few trashtalk in that span of time, look up Sean Avery clips.
hilarious the remote works when u put it in freezer for 2mins
But the hook, it brings you back despite the terribleness.
Go ahead and drink some more water. Also, you're pretty (or handsome).
What's your favorite song
you can definitely.
What #ballet #symphony #opera / #arias are going on in the #UK during the month of February? <3
Since its Pi Day, I moved a wisdom tooth from my mouth into my hand.
I come home from my hockey game and the Rangers score 2 more goals on top of the goal they scored while I was in the car hell yea!
great sale! are others planned?
Completely wide awake. At least Jungle 2 Jungle is on.
<3 U R Beautiful!
good job on the Senate floor yesterday! So proud of your efforts to reauthorize VAWA!
Oomf is a female with dreads...
Fuck Cancer should be trending on Twitter, but it's not
staying warm over there? Woo
Good work in class tonight !
Working double shifts three times a week is wearing me the fuck out.
11/2 @ 7 pm Come to Witherspoon Cinema for the Peru Project! $5 to get in. All proceeds go to help Peruvean elementary school. C U there!
RT this if you're excited for our new single "Retribution"!!!
The moment you get a smartphone you suddenly feel the need to check facebook or twitter every 5 seconds...
when i read your tweets and you seem to have more drama than a couple where the lady finds out her beloved husband is cheating on her...
Very good clean vocals from Mikael on
BERKELEY BIRTHDAY GIVEAWAY! Happy May Birthday! Enter your name&birthday by May10 to WIN. The winner will be announced May 11.
Did you ever make it to a lax game for your cousin because you wernt there 2 Fridays ago
I doubt I'll finish the special operation. I refuse to A. spend real money on it & B. spend that much time on it.
Where to go for new years
That Roddy White seems like a system receiver.
I am as far away from Jon as possible in the sweetheart department.
hahahahaha bro your too much
Trying to watch 3 games at once at the Fishers Fieldhouse. Josh Whitfield & Demetrius Shaw on one ct. on another, & PG on 1.
I can't be alone with you.
done working out. planning a road trip to archer city.
I'm really sad you're coming to DC the one week I won't be here! Is this some type of conspiracy?!
Only $100 for a Llama?!?! The wife is not looking as excited about this as I am.
I fucking hate this shit part time job.
Putting together donation item for Rush Silent Auction & having a surprisingly hard time finding items to fill our baseball themed basket
why not? I remember you being super smart and artistic!
I think I just took 10 years off my life talking to smoking co-workers. Yuck!
Off to the Noriega Street Fair
If Theisman was wearing a cap would you do him???
Beautiful pic! Have a great time in Australia!
We had to. Nate plays hockey tomorrow night at 1030. Yikes!! Cutting it close!
I'm not watching. What's happening?
Then there was not cake. If there was cake, it would be appropriate.
QPR has showed up today vs City.
I love how all these Oklahoma people love Durant now, but they FORGET he went to TEXAS & all you ou fans was hating on him then huh?
I got a free meal yesterday dude. I was so happy.
Morning Rockstars! > The more business he has to do, the more he can to accomplish, for he learns to economize his time. - Sir Matthew Hale
“: What time so I can download it??”. Soon as phresh emails it over. It's on fire!
You're welcome. I'LLC give it to you during passing period.
Inmate escapes from prison in Shirley. The latest on the manhunt at 11:00 on
Woke up to 's thoughts on gay marriage. Thats really just what I needed. Best morning everr.
skipping the gym to do happy hour
god job :)
The crew here at the New York office is putting on our tuxes and getting ready to head over to the Grand Hyatt for the #PRWeek awards.
great job! 👍
Maybe you should post a Youtube video about how you were treated at 2011 VGAs. You might end up at CEO's table next year...
It's a sad day. I am just coming to the reality the AJ Burnett is WAY better than John Lackey.
what did I do to be an asshole
nytnyt and sweet dreams idol brit~ love you so much~ hope you had a great day <3
come watch it at the beach!
Her and I go way back, I'm sure she's the best part about watching Angel baseball. Kenny and I always be slangin' jokes together
The guy that I have had a crush on for like 4 years came and spent the night at the hospital with me last night...! :)
I am tired of uncertainties that end in extra blocks
Tomorrows pretty much Friday!
We introduced the AMC to u so u know who they are..next episode we'll show u how they got to where they are! tune in! Sunday 10:30 MYATL TV
I don't know but it really did seem like she tried to act like the posture caused the injury. Oops about the posture.
no, don't think so
If you say jump, I'll say how high! ;) Great meeting you & Saturday. BTW, my 2 oldest kids are same age as yours!
Get hyped RT It started as an editorial meeting-room joke. It's become a reality. Next week: #PoliceAcademyWeek at
~*proceeds to getting unfollowed for lakers tweets*~
"Logos" - appealing to signs like the Golden Arches or Nike Swoosh to persuade your audience
Coach Ryan's first question... 'lemme see your feet son'
I fly like paper, get high like planes.
the #UHbsb bows look to bounce back from a rough weekend at #SACstate as they take on #UCDavis - we go on air at 11:20 am HT -
At the Arlington Dem Comm mtg watching make a terrific announcement speech.
NEW lunch menu is launching today ! Just tasted all of the dishes and they are fabulous! Come on in a check it out!
good night Teresa stay cool while you can
This day in Civil War history... 63: Skirmish at Lick Creek AR 65: Francis Preston Blair Sr. tries to negotiate peace with Jefferson Davis
are there Internet/smartphone app options for your morning show?
Emailing you now. Too long to tweet.
#today is the opening night of The Vortican (a vampire play). Come check it out if u r in NYC.
oh snap!
Just seen a boy that looked like #TrayvonMartin :-( ...really... Lady in line concurred ... Every 17 y/o does
You know i'm not given to sentimentality
it's upstairs haha I'll go get it...you should text me (:
Sounds a lot like some of the classrooms @ our school.
Dampening paper for printing is a Sunday commitment to studio work ... that I'm not 100% excited about. HA.
Those are bad ass! Now they need protein ice cream.
Thanks for visiting our great lighting showroom in Yonkers!
Holy crap. I lost 5 pounds.
a meet me at da exxon by bp n burger king right nw
I hate when I text people and they dont text back!!!
who works at best buy and can give me inside info when the rest of the HP touchpads come in? #barnesandnoble screwed me!
Let's do this NY Knicks. I know have some challenges. Let's rise up and conquer them!
haha can you send your chauffeur to pick me up? I am incapable of operating a vehicle right meow
Wow Oklahoma State. Wow!
when u were on it lmfaoo jk
How the Hoe Stole Christmas. #ReplaceMovieTitlesWithHoes”
Beer goggles, an ode to Sean Parker. RT : We're taking suggestions for new filters to be added to Facebookstagram. Go.
Is it Persian new year yet? I don't know the days anymore.
As long as the majority of people on this planet are more concerned with me instead of we things will remain as they always have
Amazing day for a
I like that too Plus everyday that play baseball the better he gets. Hopefully it pays off in the long run
#IWouldDoAnythingFor my tattoos to disappear over night!
not to mention great strides and activity in civil rights enforcement stuff folk ignore
luckky to what ?
It's important as black ppl to know our history, there's more to us than slaves, MLK, Malcolm X and ms. Parks.
well i made about $100 with 40 invested
Gonna Go Get An iPhone Today.
is in the house? I'll watch that.
I'm thinking about making over the JH website using Wordpress. A lot easier to maintain vs Dreamweaver. Would be 2nd makeover. Any thoughts?
u in bia's garage?
Now following follow back.pleaz:-):-)
Twitters gonna be so dead tonight, since all of abq is at the drake concert. :p
"Ron Paul Ain't Out Yet, Suckahs!"
#rugrats & texting , what have I come to -.-
playing sunset towers tonight, tower bar, in duo, 7-11.
So this week we are doing design related videos, they are also suppose to be fun. so no typographic rants I guess. -PS
If you have the audacity to say gay couples have equal rights, even though they can be arrested for PDA, you're wrong and lying to yourself.
This lady is such a Jamaican ---->
#GirlTalk crazy when a guy tells you he can deliver and your not amazed? Yeah, it happens. Lol
#TeamGLMA is the best. RT : having dinner w - if you care about #obama2012 or follow this guy. impressive.
I feel left out
Open tomorrow at 4PM! Look forward to seeing everybody!
FU GUMBY! RT : Putting. The team. On his back. Do.
Love the smell of the fresh country air!!
Facebook is buying instagram, and already I am concerned about the implications of this mashup.
Justin, I cant wait too buy tickets in May.! Omg, #muchlove please come to Indiana <3
morning sunshine
If it is you I don't want to be rude and interrupt your meal, but hello and we love your show. cc
I Just Have To Accept The Fact That You Lose Frwenns All The Time......
Phone making me sign in to twitter again when i told your ass to remember me!
No one liked that AT ALL. That wasn't breaking news by the ajc. Mentioned in 1st or 2nd board meeting as unheard of...
Time to go and own this Legendary Performers!
Also focus on controlling the chance of direction, plus work on GHD machine you will have that weight up real soon.
Same goes for the #Bulls lol RT #WhenTheLakersLose their fans ain't nowhere to be found !
IPad sales soaring.
Great meeting with Ko-Thi BOD tonight. Thanks for the inspiration!
Wildly gorgeous sunshiny afternoon in South Texas
You are actually the best. And so funny. Love<3
Just say NO to low paying lab jobs!
It's all on me I do my dirt on my lonely
I can't verify my email. I've typed in the correct address but Disqus won't send a verification. I get "Oops! We could not reach..."
I realize that everyday is unpredictable, but today is going to be full of surprises. I wonder how everything will unfold....
West Coast...thoughts on the Season 4 finale of #Fringe?
There are few things better for golf right now than a McIlroy/Fowler playoff. Congrats to on a long overdue victory.
I will never speak ill of you
You'd be surprised who RT'd in agreement with me. From what I hear. she is gonna leave.
the face u put O.O
Maybe it's just too late for forgiveness and apoligies..
Thank you, sir!
RT A4 Spaghetti carbonara Who wouldn't want to be surrounded by fellow bacon pasta & cheese in silky egg coating
my baby girl is 1 year old today!
Look at all the fake people posting about mother's day. You disrespect her all year but today you're besties?
We're nearing 50 of our 110+ goal of raised garden beds here at Woot! Woot!
Fb need to DM U business
Willy Wonka called and said he's got dibs on the first three babies snooki pops out
nah. I'm in NY
I just don't get it. Piercing I get. Something like that boggles my mind. What does he do for work?
Will you be at #ibs2012? What are you excited to see? Hope to see you there...
Thanks, Dawn!
Cats are the best bunnies ever lol
this tweet could be edited into an epic 80's montage.
are you attending #nn11?
Just a few more days! Just a few more..
Hittin the  field tomorrow >>>>>
Asdfgghkll why now? :/
U know what u should do? Follow :)
Blessed silence at almost 930p. The Doods got braided bully sticks and I get a nice respite! :-)
Ridiculous=Fun
My mom just called my dad a bitch! Lmao. your momma's crazy!
I ain't home tho /: I'm going to be back but right when I get there ima be heading out again lol tomorrow morning?
Film #the_Rabbit_Theory, selected for another great #Film_Festival, soon more info. Check the trailer out on youtube...
Lovely Sunday brunch outside in the sunshine w family. Life is good!
You don't know what I think now... ♥
Wow, what a SPOILED brat! I'd be like well, looks like you don't get anything then, huh little one?!!
All nighter has been pulled, but i only got 4 and a half hours of sleep! someone is crashing tonite!
This year's tourney proving that I'm too much of a #big12 homer...
lol...actually, not true...that's the whole reason teenagers smoke.
obviously it is you, The Hicken!!!
seonapticsDamn Helena! Veerrrrrrrrrry nice pictures - u r realy talented! ...& thanks for following me!
bwahhhh love it!
Still too early for a sweater. I'm dying over here.
Wore a jacket this morning because the temperature wasn't 30 degrees above normal.
Wow time to get my shit together and start tweeting
loved you as the star but now it's my turn! Excited for tomorrow's audition! : )
Smells like somebody warming up a damn goat smh shit funky AF!!!
”What do you think of that, that 2 kids w/pens & notebooks could do what seasoned law enforcement couldn't do?” -60 Minutes
": Happy 4th of July everyone! Excited to be a part of PBS's Capitol 4th concert tonight. tune in!!" Gteat show. Thanks!
Cool! Hope y'all (and them) enjoy!
U look like a baby prostitute..
Egg sandwich
thanks for tweeting the #oakmtg city council meeting! It is the only way I can access it given my commute schedule.
It really doesn't look as dated as other things made in that era. Beautifully directed, animated, everything. Love cyberpunk.
Getting emails that start with "Dear Graduating Senior" will never get old...
Thanks for helping us get #AD4MH off to a great start by helping share our mission today !
Hahaha the guy at the red line Jackson stop is playing
Go Demons! : it's game day tweeps!! home game vs marquette at 1:30!! on espn2!! and it's our pink out game! tune in!!!
Wish I could hear John Sterlings call on Yes network in NYC. "the Yankees lose, the Yankees lose!"
that they did it against the lowly wizards. Gotta put the effort in perspective, right?
thanks for the mention!
They don't get rewarded ( if they know,) they get what they deserve which is a dishonest (horrific & dangerous) person.
Studying for an anatomy test covering the reproductive organs = many weird looks at the UGL.
You can join #purplecitybirdgang whenever you ready!! LOL
You would think that the networks would not end EVERYTHING on the same week.Our TV viewing does not stop next week.What R we to do?
Jerry would be the ultimate! the PERFECT person to bring back at ! Ranger Dave, get to work!
Do your thang tho. Who am I to say what's good or not. Can't knock the hustle
Still trying to get through Carroway's "New Worlds for All" and Seed's "Ceremonies of Possession" --
Happy cinco de mayo!!!
boo ! hi
Okay BMizzle ! dude got her own Language Lol
haha I know =[ I'm glad we got to kick it #cent201 style though
"A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice." Bill Cosby RT --()
When Life Hands You Skittles, Chunck Them At People And Say Taste The Freakin Rainbow xD
Happy Mothers Day!
follow,me
I would just go with whoever is offering the better deal of the two, if you're considering between them.
Tough loss in hockey tonight... Time to regroup for next week.
Beaser Guitar Concerto proposed with Maestro Serebrier in Europe! Play then record... this work is amazing!
Thanks for making my life better.... <3
When I went, no. Might be possible now. Check site?
waiting 15 minutes for delivery MT: "#Taurus see the benefits of short term suffering for a long-term gain. A unique feature of the Bull."
510 followers? :) love you.
Crack it. Split it. Pound it. All day.
To all #book lovers, if you haven't seen Woody Allen's MIDNIGHT IN PARIS, do. It's a gem. Adrian Brody as Salvadore Dali is a hoot!
That weird moment when you get two of the same fortune cookies in a row!
Blake Griffin.... Lob city
TAs are hard at work preparing for the #danceoff should be ready for some good dancing!
All the online reviews for the Roomba and Scooba are favorable, but I think they might fake, planted. Anybody?
I'm going to Costa Rica for New Year's and have done lots of research. Let's talk tomorrow!
Quick check of the #NBAPlayoff scores shows Memphis leading the #LAClippers 35-31 with 3 minutes left in first half.
dang i hope she help u
#DASER Comfort "elegance in nature is austere, potent, and clever..."
Thanks for all the RTs & new follows this week!
Si! Of course!
I try lol
Literally staring at the screen with nothing to write.
I *must* shower to go to campus...but I've got this cute boy cuddling with me.
Patrick and Bridget decided to stage a MMA bout at the bus stop today. No holds barred, elbows, knees ok to striKe with.
god sometimes i am the luckiest little shit in the world...
congrats bella on your Emmy Nomination <3 you really deserve it #CONGRATS :) :) :)
what is wrong with me im not acting like myself lately..
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you there!
RT : watching the interrupters and it is an incredible story. Amazing, I so admire the strength of the people in Chicago.
Off to my internship then watching the #SDSU vs #BYU game!!
Are the lakers peaking to early?
Do the Humpty Hump! It's Hump day, Day 3 of the Coyote Tour. Let's see where our adventure leads us!
On average people fear spiders more than they do death
Baby made gluten free chili and is putting my dresser together. How nice
lol, exquisite like a leprechaun!
Looking forward to the workshop!
sounds good!
Yo ! Sad I'm missing #CBNRENTRUNWAY! Tweet twitpic's!
Two-out two-run triple!? I'm up for extra innings.
Evening all, anything exciting happening ?
Thank you for the kind words, Mitch! Glad to have your support.
I love taking cute family portraits with a family that has a good sense of humor. :)
Amazing! Our session on creating a digital humanities cert is moving forward. Hoping to have something up and running by fall.
wait is Nickersons project due tomorrow?
We are so segregated we don't see poverty & if we don't educate about poverty we can't beat it
she is right ! Cross all Generations! Love #MISTLETOE Babaaay~
him and Brandon Jennings will be fighting for shots
Danelle & I want 2 stand in agreement with you all as we enter into the Sabbath & Hanukkah. What r u believing God 4? Let us know!
. For me, allowing the community to select precepts based upon self-assessment of how things are going promises to be powerful.
I do not like the raised court. Bad idea
Thank you! You said what I've been saying since grad. from lib. school 15 years ago. Now let'c change it!
I don't know Benjamin but it sure is scary, and quite windy.
I have a very adequete boyfriend....jk he is amazing
Bout to get me a tablet
Agreed he could have cited any number of assistants to the rich
IM ALL FOR IT I WISH I HAD TIME TO SHOW UP AT RALLYS. I H8 TAXES.
Gonna Watch Hunger Games Tmrw I'm So Happy I Love Those Books Damn It!!!!! xD Can't Wait
sweet....that's awesome... I was over ur way today...Can't find your email..so wasn't sure where to post my vid??
Should I be worried that my Gmail hasn't gone down?
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.
I had to train a former drug user, and she had hard time with comprehension and retention.
still incredulous that I have to proctor a final today! wtf
hey! Nothing much jut getting ready to graduate finally! How's your music going and everything ?
friend: on a scale of 1 - 100 how inappropreate (SP) r u? me: 69 giggle
Sitting next to a bunch of kids who think they're ghetto. YOUR NOT GHETTO YOUR FROM THE CITY!!!!!
Drivers giving you a "break" in traffic are dangerous!
Man! I haven't listened to Chicago in forever. Forgot how much I love this band. MAKE ME SMILE!
hello husband !
I made chicken brocoli stir fry for dinner. Yes it was so delicious.
What would you put at the top of your list of must-do/must-visit sites in California?
😂😂😂 RT : Pittsburgh niggas go to cheerleaders and pretend they're at King of Diamonds lol 👎
idk you and your gf are just soo cute and it just makes me chuckle...
Sometimes I wonder... will I make it?
Love in the new iPhone commercial. I wish I could get tomato soup delivered on a rainy day.
hey sorry havent been online a couple of days :) how are you?
Guess what I didn't give a single one of tonight.
#ghettocrayolacolors i cant talk right Red
only 3 followers left until we hit 1k! who wants free music?? RT RT RT!
THATS AWESOME!!!!! :) this school year for me is gonna be ok, marci is good, but just seeing Natalie gossip about crap it hurts
The Historian: Black walnuts in local culture
So I hear Rickie Weeks hit a "Long Dong Silver" type home run. Great job, Rickie! You're new nickname shall be #Anaconda sir!
when are you here?
a true
If you believe GOD is not in control then why do you call him or her or whoever GOD?
where do u get the wristbands? Sorry to ask just got on! (:
what the hell, really!!? They need to take that shit to he cuts. No one should be looking at your chest!!!!
Okay :-) RT : RT : There is no limit to the amount of SVU I can watch. ~ i feel u
You're so welcome! <3
I guess I'm gonna have to be I'm twittier all day since facebook doesn't want to work right now #FacebookFail lol
how r u doing
Where can I get a Manning Denver jersey?
give me $20 each and I'll dance for you all personally for 10 songs!
Thanks for the s/o
if coarse I believe his lying ass he had my mom call me n tell me ..Who ain't gon believe they momma plus Lil bro dumb like that
hope you didn't cross any black cats or walk under any ladders fri 13th can be a funny type of day ~
I just imagined you singing "I've been waiting for this moment, for all my life....oh no...oh no" Still laughing.
Yes I agree. We have had customers trip and fall and get seriously injured. But my picture was in the middle of Chatham St.
Starting to get annoyed with Karen. Is she a Mom, or is her priority making a point to Hank? BF is a-hole & she says "like you"?
SO BORED
Thank you very much for the mention. Glad to be of service :)
Don't let the world change your smile; let your smile change the world. <3
The country club remains a perk for many CEOs - USA TODAY
Happy #mothersday to all the awesome rocker MOMS that gave us #1D, and
need, perhaps, but not the change itself.
Ok fail again...2 tweets away !
Check out #CentralAustinJelly 's hashtag for some great pix from this week's Dog-Friendly Jelly!
Sure thing. Would you like us to contact you, or vice versa? Kevin is available today. 206-783-1986
i think they r all really talented
Thanks for the RT Liz!
You definitely get a retweet - nice work RT : Officially EverFi certified.
I just might faint RT : OMFG!
I'm bored as 💩 hell! I have nothing else to do 😒! Did u know it was ⚡ outside? Haha
Lovin the SF beat down!!!! Keep it up. GB to do the same tomorrow!
No joke! Obama to appear on Fallon, Kimmel to roast him at WH dinner President Obama has penciled in some hilarious appointments this w
You're right! #FF star and director of "Upload" RT : I think you're forgetting
Two Roseville Boys Hockey Coaches under investigation. What District is saying on Fox 9.
Who will go shopping with me today? :(
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in america. If I'm not there, I go to work.
Selecting Spare Parts Intended for Equipment | The Baby Heaven
i wake up on the sea
Does it not reflect poorly on your alma mater that WHH caught a cold after a long speech in a snowstorm and died a month later?
is serving #ChickenNoodleSoup #ItalianPizzaSoup #ChickenMushroomRice and #FrenchVegetableStew - Call Now to place your order!
This is painful...
My best friends my boyfriend ♥
Just set my DVR since I won't be home when it actually airs.
You're welcome. Yeah it's one of my faves to watch! Actually your ep is on, AGAIN. You just rocked the blowtorch, lol.
Happy BIRTHDAY :) may your wishes come true :)
Looks like a Dallas rolling power outage on the V.
": Chilling at the office with my boy #BadSubProblems"hahahah this lady
WE THE PEOPLE HAVE HAD ENOUGH WITH THESE UNCONSTITUTIONAL LAWS BEING PASSED BY YOU TRAITORS IN CONGRESS ENOUGH IS ENOUGH & I'M MAD AS HELL
great seeing you and the fam today at Harbor House for lunch. Ready to enjoy some beers this year
I had to clean my room all by myself since my roomate dipped on me.
has caught the twitter bug. Seriously.
DAM IN GAY WOOD SHOP
Heard this question posed... If you had to chose - lose a kidney & keep a phone, or lose your phone. What say you?
“: "build credibility w key stakeholders otherwise they are going to go off & do it themselves" #rethinkfuture”
I love how my boyfriend gets mad when he cnt see meh, shows he cares (:
go help the Wesley get 5 grand by voting as many times as you can online at citibank.com! yea boyee
can't wait to hear how it went!
Thanks Kugsang for including us!
Yayyyy congrats you are so amazing!!
good. Hope everything works out.
They're probably his parents who paid for his university education.
Today is about me, LACMA, and Vivaldi.
Just saw a midget duck? Helped it out of the street with a for sale sign. No big
It's the third quarter of 2011; first down with time on the clock...Sir Speedy won't drop your ball.
U know we're finna Fool bra!! Lol
Itll be my turn July 16th
#3 Humility is a true sign of strength not weakness Bro, plus God hates pride! #BroTIps #GodlyBroTips Proverbs 6:16,17
I know, they're stupid. Rated by some dumb shit. RT : ha thats hilarious
I'm pretty sure he is
is such a good #example! Hes gonna be a great #missionary! I just saw him enter the #mtc!
Last two episodes of have been fantastic. Make sure you listen in if you haven't yet - always look forward to the show.
I hope Hubert Davis has taken good care of his money because he's fixing to take a huge pay cut.
Happy #Birthday to me! :) :) :) One year older...hopefully, one year wiser!
": Tonight we play the Starland in NEW JERSEY. Some tix still available (we think).. be here tonight!"
Beware of measuring how many students complete community college classes if classes aren't available. Bensimon
Concert in TWO DAYS!
Just attended a session on extraverted embedded librarian services. Next up, empowering copyright role models.
may I DM you about a few questions?
You're my god
So looks like my ipod is dead. :/ No covers anytime soon Dx
Actually made it in Pages, not the best tool for such diagrams (looking for others) but it worked in a pinch.
thanks for making sure I got out there. Very excited to get back into running again :)
Shooting at Patricia Fields house today. Kinda rad.
awww shoooottt your room is worse than mine !! Haha maybe I'll pass. 😝😜😃
Here's 's inverview with answering viewer questions
Extremely nice to meet you Laura :) Gorgeous rockers are the absolute best! I'll be checking your tunes out tonight after work!
What does the B in B-Roll stand for?
Get him once again ;)
swim good
Pretty much in love!
are Overnight Lows playing at you tomorrow night or did I make that up?
Big thx to Conor Johnson for going above and beyond to help out a #mediabuyer. Pls give that kid a pat on the back!
Alright...what is it about...?
#FF today to Follow Karen to help navigate through the world of #MEMS (a.k.a. micro-electro-mechanical machines)!
What does a fat kid at heart do when she realizes she buttered frozen bread?microwave!
and they arent gay i think YOU ARE
Make me dinner and I'll bring them ✌RT : I'm prepared to see documentation of these results, kthanks, byee
Yup, after even more pedestrian angst, I think we as a nation need a strong refresher course on "right" & "left" in traffic flow.
Happy Easter!
I like the idea, but do the #Mavs? You think they've considered?
try FB's on 6th. Great food!
it's what's on the inside that counts!
Hosted by Simon Borg.
sorry we didn't see you when we were in town. We barely even made it to our NYE party b4 midnight! Hope u had a great night!
I want that life. I just wish it were easier to accomplish...
Thanks for following! Tweet us when you need motivation on eating and living healthy! We're huge fans!!
Tbh I Don't Care That Jelena Has Broken Up Or Not. All I Care About Is Justin Being Happy And What Ever Makes Him Happy Makes Me Happy.
Who's in for a river ride?!
Hot night , wind was blowing where you think you're going baby?
(cc ) I can't wait to get an engraving on my new iphone
A&E is doing a marathon of your "First 48"!
Okay RT : I'm coo I ain't trippy I'm straight
Call me 216 240 3739 about the show this weekend Thanks Dan
thanks for the shoutout gorgeous! Everyone say gday to Keshia :D
It is excellent to have a giant's strength, but it is tyrannous to use it like a giant. - Shakespeare, Measure for Measure Act II
Will have Support take a look and get you an answer first thing tomorrow morning!!!
will you seriously come to martinos with me?!
The Pharaohs wife is a cold-hearted chick.
It's kinda weird when they first call you Dr. Chica -- weird but delightful!
or maybe even Wonder talks, like "I wonder what I'm going to say about that!"
we'll make new ones 😏😜
Thrilled to hear another Hoya voice in the education! Am working with Alumni House to construct LinkedIn group. Interested?
We dont have 2 worry about Ron Paul sex scandals if he ever is a front runner. If there were any, he's so old women are most likely gone.
you better believe it BP
No problem at all. And thank you.
hm good observation
You ain't got ssshit on me
So. Tired. Wah I wanna cuddle
I wish I could tell you how I really feel, I wish I could tell you, but that's not our deal 
Yes it is i wanna see it!!!!
what would be the most interesting deal you would want??
You can't sleep cuz you haven't got off twitter...
That's a pretty awesome post, thanks Lauri! :)
ok raging bull is the funniest thing ever
Why Are You Still Tweeting Me If You See I'm NOT Replying!
Playing around with which allows you to Enjoy Your Android Over-The-Air.
Why do I put myself through this pain.
Desmond listing country music artists he knows. "Billy Ray Cyrus, Toby Keith, Garth Brooks, Jeff Gordan" hahaha
which beer/s did you have?
Kudos to my colleagues for such thoughtful and thorough Junior Seau coverage. Proud to be in your newsroom.
6972 was the official attendance per
Failure to see 'what is' doesn't make it go away. But it does take away your power to choose your future.
I got the same shirsey!!
I like french fries
I wasn't talking MPS. I was talking the County, which Walker is trying his best to ruin. Now it will cost his career.
“: PICK EM: England or Holland. #ClashOfTheGiants week continues, match kickoff Wednesday at 3pm ET.” That's easy, Holland.
send me a dm and I can give you the info to help with the fundraiser
About 2 weeks. Why do you ask?
Nice answer ;) And I'm good :) What are you going to do today ?
Yeah...it's been a rather hot week.
A shame indeed. Traded legacy for the dollar. RT : It was always about the money, and that's a shame. Farewell, Albert.
who gave you a day off!! Certainly well deserved.
to be topped only by my welcome home sausagefest... a girl can hope! Tell those jokers happy belated.
Great to see so many Aussies and Kiwis recognized/mentioned at the #oscars - ditto #union workers - AnneH's fake quarrel was dull though
i do not
i'm sitting with eunice and sandra at a booth like near the elevator... haha COOL...
cue bud light dog bringing you a beer
I come back to my office from meetings and errands to find out Vince Young is a Buffalo Bill. I'm not sure how to feel about this...
Any plans for showing in Albuquerque?
i fish in the lake near my uncles house in the mountains :) i think it's called freshwater fishing? lol :)
Yes, & gotta get you to SXSW. smh. College station please ... MT : You Shorthorns better leave this Aggie alone!...
Lidge on for save opp for
i dont like being sad
I think we could come up with something.
Ladies and gentleman...tonight's the night! See you at The Blood and Guts Ball! Doors at 8:00pm.
thanks for following us! So do you have that YouTube channel up yet?
": peace brova!" Peace homie! I hope all is well. Have a great day man.
How Steve Jobs came to play FDR in a 1984 Apple short film (Ellis Hamburger/The Verge)
RT Pause for Prayer: Even as you hear my prayers, O God, let me listen for the cries of others and show them your love.
same same
Yess! xx and just hang out with you..?! IM FREAKIN EXCITED!!!!! :D
Shut up little man...so familiar
is there a special someone?;)
I got niggas : I don't need niggas I got money : I don't need bitches
Impressed that librarians at Emory organized a Python class for themselves b/c wanted to do more w/ DH.
' I Miss My Boyfriend :(
WHY IS IT SO HARD TO GET YOU TO FOLLOW BACK ? <3
The video has been removed on your Keving Garnett yahoo article
Thanks very much guys, I'll be joining The New York Times foreign desk.
3 Company Numbers to Closely Watch
Happy Birthday Katie!
No Brazilian Blur tonite. Barbosa out w/ strained rt hamstring. Bayless probable with sore left ankle. Stojakovic NWT w/ swollen left knee.
Hi claudia if you're reading this I need to pee and pick my nose but I'm still perfect.aight?!
please tell me you heard about john l. Smith. I am away from a radio.
Ideas for Caps game?
Dallas is smelly. We're headed back to
All women are but I still think you are awesome and you can always get eggs somewhere <3
too big for their own good. McD considered using org milk 4 smoothies but they'd literally drain the entire US supply!
Make your reservation for 2012 / 2013 before the post-Christmas rush!!
Just realized I have homework.
#question ~ do you think they named oranges before they named carrots?
hey I can't get to Bryan's you wanna just hang out later?
Followers > life
I hate it when I'm about to shower and I go to my room to grab Chonies and they beat to the bathroom ! #bs lol
Root canal done. Now to finish organizing course design workshop for Th-Fr and get ready for Italy trip starting Sunday.
Thanks, Nick. And BTW: congrats to the Giants. It came down to one play. Eli made it. Brady didn't.
I am glad that there are is not a penalty for excessive celebration in life.
you're still better than them, love you x
no thanks bro
awesome show!! I love me some Kerry she do rock!!
The intro alone is worth the price of admission
Hitting me up out of the blue cause you want something....
RT : Are you a wonk? Do you want to know? Find out /judyblog
The E:60 solidifies one thought in my mind: There's not a single other athlete in the world I'd rather root for.
Google is coming out with augmented reality glasses #sxiqexpand Question from Lev Grossman will we be judged by our interactions
oh man that looks so HAWT! I'll have to do a sexytime photo of my setup!
hope you feel better brother.
If they can't do right , we gone let em go
I like where you're going with this, actually coining the term a "Carson Daly"
the next time Eye come home.... It's a go! Will keep y'all posted.
You got it!
going to sleep :( my hand and head hurts so much tonight :(
lol i don't want Matthew knowing me as his pothead Tia :cc
Well took florida to the NC against matt and won it 27-24 hahaha better luck next year bud (probably be like 4 days in real life)
Got all expense-paid trip to Cabo. Any takers? Miss Piggy?
i really wish you would follow me. it would most definitely make my day maybe even my year. I Love You!
Happy Birthday Jessica and Rebekah Mitchell! I love you!
Hockey mask for soccer fans? Interesting mash-up.
brianna is my world without her im nothinn
Let's go Mountaineers! RT : #WVUnation all the way
in the atx tonight!!
Stay tuned for tomorrow's IAP Panel in photography, beginning at 10:00 a.m. EDT in IN Government Center South Conference Room C.
if you want to walk with T-shirts guys and fox 6 news on Saturday for the breast cancer walk hit me up asap!
listening to corynee mcsherry talk at GUs scholarly communication event. taped, so find it on website soon!
honestly will never drink again. hangover from hell.
Does anyone else find the Captcha phrases almost impossible to decipher??
can yu show owen hart tripping nd fallin at the 1998 royal rumble
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
had those on the 4th of July, so good.
my kid just got called to do a tryout/camp for a jrs team in Edmonton
I could really use a wish right now.
Soo many birthdays!!!!
I need a bookie. Clips have a shot as long as they have CP3.
Pitchapalooza = BLAST! My query is off and running, as is my persistence to see this book in the hands of my little Devins.
We look forward to welcoming the class entering 2011 in just a couple of short weeks!
More Grant Money JUST RELEASED!! Get yours today before its all gone!!
Basic lesson is that killing is nice, but not being killed is more important. Dying gives killer gold, hence "feeding them."
Old Simpsons...those were the days
I'm amazing and newly single. Couldn't be happier!
why is it called a tweet?
glad to hear! He is a great entrepreneur, person and friend,
|#quotes You look for stars. You look for the makeup of artists who can have long lasting careers and who could be headliners.
Just logged show at Silver Ice with
GNC, it's a perfect place for you!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 18
she said she love my mind I said I love her brain but somehow I don't think we talkin bout the same thing
If you're in NY this weekend, stay warm! If you came out to San Diego for Pacific Symposium, we'll see you there!
"Children must be active participants in their learning, not just recipients." Sir Michael Barber, chief educ adv, intl.
Sleep doctor today on lunch, knee doctor tomorrow before work. #crutchlife boiiiii I think I should've studied medicine instead of business
never assume! it makes an ass out of u and me. lol
oh man... Yeah she called us. I legit thought she was crying lol. Now what!
Who knew a discussion about sex robots could be so damn funny? Where my pain meds at? My side hurts fron lmao.
i got a feeling!!!!..that tonite its gone to be a good nite!!..
Numeric Code: 93
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.
working. With the new job...couldn't bounce out. Going to the game on Sunday though!
+K? Is that good? Probably awesome coming from you right? HA!
My pleasure! RT : thanks!
Les Nubians!!! At the African Economic Forum at Columbia University!!! Awesome!
Sure. Women in service to their country deserve to be abused. This is just outrageous.
you are correct sir, very cool!
“: its beginning to look a lot like christmas” not in NYC
It's been a really bad weekend. I'm heading to the gym right now to work off some frustration.
so proud of on #DWTS tonight!
You've been incredibly hostile to your followers lately, Jose. I'd like to let you know that kind of conduct is not appreciated
do u know when u will start filming the show?? Will it cause conflict with the tour dates u have scheduled?? XO
Bread and circuses allow the tyrants to rise to power
lol all you gotta do is ask. Ahha
spec op the line?
the sexpedition will be in action tomorrow. O ya :)
Oy. (How are you doing, btw?)
Took a small poll around the office and The Exorcist & The Shining seem to be at the top of the list.
When my brother tried these wings > 😂😂😂😂 lmfao, can't handle.
Not Bout to sleep for awhile.
Raleigh cat foster care network gets $250000 - Charlotte Observer
today has been quite the day. asked to learn one thing new, and got shown two more atop of that. almost forgot my break to boot!
My dad dances to Ms. New Booty... Booty poppin' and all
Really wish everyone would chill the fuck out
Tags:hubspot news, customer success, lead growth
North Carolina's new slogan: No Clue, No Class, Not Cool.
Reminder to self: Sit in left field when Willingham is in #Twins lineup.
that place is delish!!!!
Tonight it's about enjoying a 2006 Saggi!
wtf is wrong with you
UGH IK SHE IS SOO STUPID I SWEAR SHE STUFFS HER BRA GRRRRRRRR......NO ONE IS GOING TO LIKE HER
Woop Woop! How does it feel to be a fiancé??
happy shopping!
i need to like sit in a corner for the rest of my life hahaha ha ha
How about a B.L.T. for brunch at The Noble today. Of course, that's a Bloody mary, (boxer) Lager, and (house-baked) Toast.
Because of the sold out crowd, we are opening check-in early at 7:30 a.m. 's Wealer Auditorium. Come down early!
I hate NBC coverage.
I wonder when will try his best to debate with me more about the importance of the words we use?
Might be less penalties at certain points, but that's no different then the nba in the final seconds or nfl in ot
yum. he's a keeper!
oh my goodness! I just saw it! Ah! I love it! :]
#fastcash ?? BOOKHOLDERS WILL BE FLYERING!!! SIGN UPS START TOMORROW at NOON
Why am I still awake? Can't sleep...
:O sorry Rafi
About how long did it take you to get your shoes in 2k12? I just got the urban city billboard endorsement.
Packing up and heading off to KC for
What do you guys want to talk about in our next video? :D
Got a interview $$$$ Nice...
If you want your children to listen, try talking softly - to someone else. - Ann Landers
: Wormwood and all
Love it! 1st Healthy History Program unveiled at Ft Caroline National Memorial with Jacksonville Bch Elem. It was a success!
Happy Mothers Day to all of the mothers out there from all of us at Phil's Friends. Blessings on your day!
Oh, nice! What brings you out there?
Dreamers unite for a better life..
When you send a text and regret clicking send :(
Just remembered that Wings of Desire was remade with Nic Cage and Meg Ryan.
Watching Scarface, eating a grilled portobello with Yoshida's marinade, drinking a Diet Dr. Brown's Cream Soda. Happy.
It's going on someone else's youtube page and they want me to email it. So I'm trying....
The MLS just got a little slower. Sending our love and well-wishes to Get better soon.
hi Mikey 💙 Thank you so much for being such a great impact on me. You inspire me so much I can't wait til Chi town Aug💙
Knockout Wings has some good chicken but... Y does it have 2B so greasy!!! Damn
I am not going to want to get up in the morning
Will not spend a dime on new clothes until I lose 10 lbs!
Congrats to Rod Pickney (Tulsa office) who successfully closed a $1.2M Dollar General in North Carolina this week!
what if they captured the radioactive lasers with their mouths and shot them back at us?!
thanks for the mention! Did you enjoy the game?
It’s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure. ~Bill Gates
Follow Back Black Beautiful :)
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
the best I must admit. coulda been better :/ trying to find a school to go too now at the moment
yw . And yea.
can't wait to see you again at mixtape! You were awesome back in january when I saw you in boston!
I love Lil Kim but if she don't leave that chile alone! Let this girl make her money!
especially if they're ugly!
2 day conference, client meetings, and castings.
When people obsess over themselves<<<<
I wonder what the Internet would look like if the KONY video had been released after the Trayvon Martin outcry.
Good morning!
Tweet us your favorite restaurant in Boston!! #BostonOnTheRun #BostonRestaurants #WhosHungry?
Who wants to see my mad tumbling skills? Everyone?!?! Ok! -make fool of self- TADA!!!!
BTW, great to see you again. AND to meet your husband!!
Gale are the good guys too because they gave me a free ride to the airport
your games don't live in the cloud though...
An antioxidant-rich diet is linked with lower stroke risk - take your Forever Omega 3 daily!
i love ryan huntermark(:
I'll be on a plane but it shouldn't be a problem unless theres a big delay
burger time!!
haha I guess
Love me, hate me... Say what you want about me... If you seek Amy
Well, was MI's 10th pick in the expansion draft...definitely going to miss him. He was a great addition to the team.
"Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
More of exchange: "..enhances relationships, + strengthens multicultural understanding." If there are many benefits, why isn't it done more?
Zulu in the morning!!! Gotta go to sleep!
Two suitors on the #bachelorette are from Long Beach, CA!! I hope they represent #LongBeach well!!
#FF powerhouse women to watch
Forecast calls for plenty of sunshine over the weekend in PDX, but COLD overnight lows in the mid-20s
God luv em, Coldplay's on here on the Palladia channel tryin' to rock, but they just can't do it.
and what do you throw into yours??
Mustache. Such a quaint spot.
Oh you're eligible...and a winner! Congrats :)
Good luck to all our AP Chem & AP Psych guys who are testing today!
subway for breakfast !
How much space can these lights cover...I am with a Parks and Rec.
will be in touch tommorrow.
Thanks, Ellen!
Headed to the Clem for a minute.
tastes like chicken
gotta make that cash '
Home finally <3.
Sending me the same message twice won't make me want to reply anymore than the first time
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. - Stephen King
Take the love that's right for you and your life door of success opens
You were amazing. Thanks for sharing your wisdom.
remember Haiti: text alahaiti to 20222 to donate $10 to help rebuild libraries in Haiti
im really diggin it tho...i was looking at porsches and BBAM
RT Hey bro thanks for the talk the other day. Prayers go right back to ya!
Peep me out. Thats wat u needa do! Keep it real! Have a fun&safe wknd!!!!!!!!
Stupid Italian & Biology Homework >.^
That Twitter. So buggy.
sweet, thanks! also want to get 100 of your books for our friendsofhalogen book series.
Tanner: I Tweeted! Sarah: That's gross.. -.-
Sessions has turned Matt Barnes back into the role player he once was in Orlando. Gotta Love it
#IfItWasntForTwitter I wouldn't be able to keep up with the news of the world on a real time basis!
love you too! Upcycling rules :)
Hello :) how are you?
In need of a photographer to be there at all our events
“Pushing My Buttons” Really Doesn’t Work…I’m Like An Elevator That’s Out Of Order…
Rest in peace Maurice Sendak. You did great work and inspired imaginations of millions of children.
HELL YEAH! Let me know when you are coming!
My writing muse is in a loop. I keep writing introductions, never moving to the body of this essay. Write. Delete. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat.
i hav one
Guys, just wants to know if POTUS is a lying, foreign-born murderer. Let's air both sides. What's the issue here?
and will never grow up. WHY IS THIS CAR SO INTERESTING?!
Okay, so three people that I talked to every day all stopped talking to me recently, what happened, lol.
I'll spit on a grave 4 ya (ht )
The birdie sound in the background of Beibers song drives me nuts.
Im steady getting my checks up, your at the club wasting your last bucks- P.Goods
ok well obviously we will let you know lol
#LazyWeb Who are your favorite email marketing providers for large companies? Something a bit bigger than Mail Chimp but just as awesome.
But they will soon
haha & I just laughed together from our separate rooms over that one
this team need phil Jackson next year to go far
I strongly dislike what drugs can do to a person. In the end nobody wins! You become a shadow of what you used to be and hurt others!
It was just a guess. :)
got to get Ud together and playing so we can write the songs first..lol
Haha mad for no reason now that's funny its all good tho ill handle it later
HAWKS WIN<3
At least Ron infected Dale before he left.
I need to go on the diet cause it feel like my heart is about to die. Lol
I'm ridin round & I'm smokin it!!
I did not vote for Taylor Swift...
Thank you again to everyone that came out tonight! We had such a blast! Make sure you follow us on Twitter at
Gettin smack on a Monday
thanks and so are you :-)
I couldn't be happier!...though it's absurd to think that a tweet about the song "Piano Man" shifted the course of our lives.
Listening to Tom Waits sing Tom Traubert's Blues. My God, I'm so moved. What a gorgeous song.
Thanks for making me a fighter.
Thanks for all of the support!
Pray for Sharde-broke her neck diving for a ball and goes into surgery today
O My friend has a 3D printer at his work (manufacturing R&D)
Good for everyone's papers and interveiws at #MLA12!
6 of our recruits will be on campus next Tuesday for assessments and orientation. Working hard this spring, gearing of for the summer..
initiates coverage of $KORS and today
I hope to air it Tuesday. Captures the spirit of human goodness and the hope of the season beautifully.
Kudos sister , winner of the Greek Leadership Class Courage Award at the Greek Awards!
Cause your my bad habbit and I'm quiting yoouu (;
iMac prognosis is grim... looks like the hard drive is a goner.
will Boston score after getting 8 the last game, that's what I wonder
The Steelers numbers have the worst kerning.
Our team is located throughout the world, including our headquarters in Seattle, and our offices in Vancouver, Canada and in Cork, Ireland
I hate dropping my phone on my face. It just aims right for my lip :/
S/o to for being accepted into Bridge Builders!!
Fireworks :P
I am 33. I don't recall seeing so many linemen in one year's class. How did all of the wr's get eliminated during the process?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH JUST REALIZED JOAN GRANDE TWEETED ME !! THANK YOU !!!!!
Heard a rumor: iPhone 5 will be out in June. I have two upgrades on my line. Is it true? wait? Or upgrade to the iPhone 4S! Decisions
Today's gift card winner is DYLAN YOUNG! Congratulations!
lol I still look 20, I was saying that cause time go by fast & waits for noone
REGGAE MUSIC TO THE WORLD
That is why I don't believe in reality.
So wanted to hear your music but due to some connection probleIm I will have to rely on my imagination! Great site, try later
Come outside and look at the cotton candy clouds.
O-H-I-O. That is all.
I heard they were making a new one
Dec.is a great time to reflect, celebrate your successes & start planning for next yr. Can't wait to chat about it tonite!
Seriously, who designs a bolt sticking out a half inch near a pull start cord?
No your just really ugly lmao :p hoe
I hate Miriam for getting that song stuck in my head!
Dickie Simpkins sounds like a dying elephant or some kind of large mammal singing the 7th inning stretch for the Cubs.
woohoo! Nice :) I thought of you the other day 'cause of racing. I wish I could find a cockapoo event because Bowie is SO FAST
I'm pretty sure title XX abstinence prog predated santorums arrival in congress.
all that real butter sure packs it in. But the taste is unbeatable!
#ItsHardTo trust others...
lacking any and all motivation today
Have a great weekend everyone! Come out & dine at the Club... The new menu items are a hit!
Literature is the memory of humanity. --- Isaac Beshivis Singer
Same. // RT : im gonna say not true
Happy Thanksgiving
Freshman year is teaching me how to actually study
“: Harry does not have six toes.”
she doesnt even get on
#sca2012 HistoryPin mission is to foster intergenerational dialogue—er, ie built a site that 16-yr-olds will want to go to and learn from.
Ancient cultures chewed on twigs or roots to clean their teeth.
Astron 6 movies are so great. I like the one that re-imagines Friday the 13th as a silent film with gatsbyish flappers
He is with the shit.
Jobs reports not so rosy, headed over to #USF graduation, to hear how new grads are going to take on the economy - Congrats Bulls!
I approve of this choice :) let's get together soon, neighbor! :)
surprised, right? ;)
haha I don't understand why she's making music to begin with!
Wonder how Cain's new campaign slogan - "Where All de White Women At?" - will play in S. Carolina?
mal don't forget to watch the video that i share in twitter k? :)
sorry 4 the late response. Purchased it from a friend of mine. Not sure what I will end up doing with it.
The fight is not over. U have not won yet. It looks like it is time for ur 2nd wind. Get up. Go hard. The victory is urs. Take it by force
seriously! People just don't know..
I love Kate and Bill from the weekend crew
oh stomach flu, just go away! ...the 3-day weekend is here and i really want to eat more than just plain bagels and water. LOL
Pretty lady!!!!
. 21st century Mother's Day I guess? Hope you enjoyed your day though!
#Reggae legend #JimmyCliff delivers an *amazing* cover of #TheClash's "Guns of Brixton" on his new album
Someone told me.. Ur brain. Heart. And vagina are not on the same page.. He has never been so right...
What did Corso just say?
u c the April issue?
Your welcome (:
(Assuming you're referring to the most recent four-door configuration.)
And so we know and rely on the love God has for us. God is love. Whoever lives in love lives in God, and God in him. 1 John 4:16
I like being difficult with my sisters so they learn to respect me.
": To everyone who went to stevenson in 07.. james brown, the big black kid murdered 4 people... Go google it!"no fucking way!!!!!
So people are punished for liking the opposite sex but it's okay for you to blow & fuck any dick you see ? #makessense #it'seven
Busted my lip.
thats what it said about you on urban dictionary:) its true!
two more tweets and the done till orioles win!!!
Good Work today Trojans! Fight On!
Last day of the Westown Farmer's Market! Let's hope the weather cooperates enough for you to come out and grab lunch, produce & kettlecorn!
Done. Ill let you know when im ready.
Join us each night for the Holidays with nightly entertainment at 6:30 p.m., Sundays at 3:30 p.m., and our Sat at 1 p.m. for hula.
I love u.
#Springtime in #NewYork. Is there anything better?
you and your squad should come to our rec league game!
Now, I remember why Mulan was my favorite Disney movie (after The Lion King, of course!)
My new book about improvisation is going to be published soon. It's been a labor of love and I am really excited. Stay tuned!
I have all the ingredients to make Chai Tea, except milk... is milk a must have? Is that what makes it Chai?
JU Alums come out to November 9th when JU travels to the ! Mark your calendars!
Happy Easter, y'all! Our groom is back from the dead to claim his bride! (:
National Twins Day Today! :) -A
miss you
My stomach doing numbers in need of some cereal
... like dude get your ass of twitter and do you and NO! You don't regret dating someone because you shared something special with someone..
Midtown in the summer does not make my list of favorite things...
Another unexpected evening with the ! Looking forward to Frank on April 7!! Pops or classical = #happy Jacque
Thanks so much!!!!
So this 4S character charges HELLA FAST.
In order to get updates on #focusgroups in #nyc you must register at nyfocusgroups.com and fill out a registration survey
Didn't do track computer went bad keep the soul train moving Maine
Texting at red lights.
lol yes I'm fine, thanks!
haha why Fred? =D
Old Wayne >>>
how are you training for finals in NYC? We recommend carbo loading w/ plenty of shandy cocktails.
Good d pacers
I just now saw that other tweet. :) I seriously have the writing skills of a 6th grader. I don't judge anyone lol
#FF aka me :) the owner of Wear Liberty. new shirt coming soon!
Carlos Gonzalez: Out Monday With Strep Throat
TYVM! RT : Want to learn about caring fo rpets when someone is in hospice care? follow , how awesome are they!!
"I'm Posted Up, Like A Thumb Tack"
cool i bet u and me have something in common
HUH?!?!?! RT ": #Padres announce former Brewers RHP Jeff Suppan will start Wednesday vs. #Brewers ."
We are asking you! What kind of specials would you like to see for September?
There're regional variations in accents of the same language; ES and PT are at least more different than that.
haha oh whatever
you'd have to fight 23 million people for that honor! haha :P
That boston commercial beat
I'm sleepy bro, I'm getting old.
Not to be a hard ass, but can people just let Whitney Houston be dead? And stop trying to profit off her death?
Okay, time to watch a ton of anime. Going to start Sankarea, which will bring my total anime being watched right now to being 33.
<3 i love you for saying that
Thank you, Ann!
Here is a fun one, tell me what do you think is the funniest poker tell that you have noticed someone do at the poker table?
Big bang theory,
My favorite show that I've seen so far at , has been ______________________.
I told the teachers abt the 2012 Bookinaday Int'l Writers Fellowship (Brazil). They "suggested" I start one 4 passionate teachers. Hm
This shift needs to end a.s.a.p.
Monday mischief
What's the latest on the post office issue and the Super Committee?
whoa, rebel!
RT : Minnesota-Duluth has hired Bemidji State's Matt Bowen, son of former UW-River Falls coach Rick Bowen, as head coach.
only follow me please :)
I am T minus 1 hour away from burnout *licks empty can of Red Bull*
The west Allstar team is real L.A.ish lol
you must be in California
my best friend is a "disaster a day" person. i have NEVER met anyone who feeds off disasters and and feels excited when they happen.
Girls gotta eat.
Such a tease ;)
hope heat do the thing
good morning hope you have all you desire today, shine sparkle and continue to succeed good morning
Yes, and your honesty is a great quality about you. It may make some mad, but if one listens and applies==
Man... it has been a shitty day... hopefully it goes better tomorrow ...
is this a regular occurrence in the ATX?
"Marvel's The Avengers" (formerly just The Avengers) is fab-fab-fabuloso. Robert Downey Jr should be in every movie.
Enjoyed ! and thanks for the post-panel chit chat in the shade.
Glad you liked it! It's a good show.
i knoww me too !!! Omg nd i think mikey waz here longer than the rest of the boyz !!
Currently reading Steve Krug's "Don't make me think", on my way to becoming a more usability-aware designer.
Thanks for everythign, VA Beach! We're NC-bound with hearts full of health and bellies full of bagels
If we go we'll look out for her!
#nw impractical jokers 😂
Feelin' hot hot hot with our #salsabar!
There is no reason to break up the Knicks. Just let the team doctors do what their paid for and make another run.
She's a great adopted big sis too! And a good cook too! RT Happy mothers day to the sweetest mom ever 💘
DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHERE IS GOING TO BE TODAY IN MIAMI!! I NEED TO KNOW ASAP!!! PLEASE HELP ME YOU GUYS I REALLY NEED TO KNOW
He knows how to talk to the ladies RT : I always wonder how this ugly asshole always pulls the sweetest, most beautiful girls..
Flip flops will be worn in #DC today!
Sometimes having a doughtnut with your morning coffee makes your whole day that much more awesome.
THIS RT : Telling your friends where Lady Gaga is on her #BornThisWayBall even though they don't care...
Jaw is almost healed, excited to start eating real food without pain
Yes! Please do make a visit to Michigan State You need to meet Tom Izzo.
small. #justkidding #badjoke #huge but Kevin hart is small...
Just put my hair down....its a curly stiff mess J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
no. It's real. Flower let 7 in and an empty netter.
Thanks for sharing this review. It was helpful!
~I love the smell of fresh laundry! Its all about the detergent! Loving this...
I see some shit is going down and once again I am a Twitter hipster. I unfollwed Mike Harrington before it was cool to do
They loving the crew
