Thank you for the FF, have a wonderful day. ♥
wait are the Internet tubes clogged today or did you really just send this almost 10pm?
Then Jessie eating apples off of the floor... Karla being the emo one in the group... Lauren... insane... Brandi all hyper... Oh my...
emily_rushing: excellent "AALL Conference - How About a "Less is More" Approach?" this is good advice to #sla2011 #sla2010 too! ...
I don't mind spending time on the person i love. Especially if he doesn't feel good
Obadiah 1:17 KJV But upon mount Zion shall b deliverance, and there shall b holiness; and th house of Jacob shall possess their possessions.
I hate sneezing.
about to leave work. day off tomorrow. what to do tonite?
got my preorder of #kissthesungoodbye <3 and the #undeadheart music video is amazing
We are the hero of our own story
never have I ever worked there
Your such a lier..
Booster bought it. Go snitch. RT : Just got passed by Anthony Davis whipping a Benz. Fishy business.
Getting psyched to shoot a challenging role Saturday...juicy stuff!
We're at the Social Being Social Media Seminar at Comfort Inn and Suites.
Uh oh Sun flares for 2 years.
Anyone have a #chromebook saw an ad for them the other day and am really intersted. The reviews on arn't very good though.
Finally sending a belated birthday gift.
The difference between kinky and freaky: Kinky teases with a feather. Freaky uses the whole damn chicken. OMG I AM LAUGHING SO HARD!!
It's not down. Make sure the specific server you are using isn't down.
WAKE UP!
dat one of recording starts tomorrow!
Please use that to plot migration patterns from US Census data and then share the link again!
Adding content to the new and improved website,look for some sneak peaks of new music from
At work making money
which do u like better? Twitter sucks 4sure
I hate the dentist ughh
Amy will be in Dallas, Texas Feb. 18th and 19th, not for a concert, but for her son's state chess tournament.
Lunch with Steve Cox, President and CEO of the Council of Better Business Bureaus.
Me too- I peeked in the windows last weekend when I was for Easter-egg hunt! (w/ )
Bored af.. Somebody text me
At - We tried cupcakes and toastie slices. M! TGIVegan!
LET'S GET THESE FFs in!!!!!
sigh. melt down.
I really still don't know how to use this damn twitter.Or the new facebook timeline.Or instagram.Or linkdln. Whatev.Im pretty n I can sew.
Happy Intl Women's Day! "Let us reaffirm our commitment to women’s rights and move forward with courage and determination" -
Lunchh then class...:(
I'm at the Wiz Kalifa er I mean the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, UAE -- tallest structure in the world!
Selecting wedding wines at D'Argenzio in Burbank. Unique pours courtesy of winemaker Matt.
Congrats. We'll miss you down the street RT : Happy to be joining Panthers. Hope to show off my leg & be punter from day 1
Don't miss out TODAY! *Tanning Specials* Buy a Tanning Starter Bag for $59.99! Buy 3 Instant Tans for $49.99! Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE!
15th is what I'd expect. With the Saints O, that's good enough to win the Super Bowl if things go right.
Update on the ARC research project: all the books MATC has on iOS seem to be from 2009. To the Googlies (and the University)!
huge bummer!
Myles i might be wrong but i've thought that from the start. (had to switch accounts from
HEART, JOINTS. FIT AS A FIDDLE. HE FELL MADLY IN LOVE WITH HER AND I CAN SEE WHY HE LOVED HER PASSIONATELY.
U were better 2 me then I've been 2 myself. For me there's U & no 1 else. How sweet it is to be Loved by u. I wanna Stop & thank u baby!
Or ignore my tweet.
thank you Hun for the follow. Always looking forward to meeting new folks. I can see that you are interested in Laws of attr
So Kim K and Kanye had a thing? That would literally be the world's most vile couple.
Your 22, don't have a job and still depend on your parents?? Smh... You're not getting any where like sweetie
#BreakingNews: City of Anderson announces Spencer-Ockomon lawsuit has been resolved. Follow for updates.
dude. I was thinking the same thing!
I saw paola at staples we were like OMG She was asking about and said she fine MEAN too
I KNOW! lol
That thrust justin did , OMFG I cant breathe ^__^
thank you, updating now
You lucky bastard. I really want to go to an anime convention sometime.
lol,well that sucks bro :p
Wish you were on GH. No disrespect, but I love Blair much more than Tea. We all know on OLTL that Blair wouldn't leave Star.
Late night/Early morning working on the contact list for this afternoon.
Attending a piano concert at Saints Peter & Paul Church here in Potomac Md. Honored to hear Mr. Howrani perform the piano this evening
oh cute pigtails!
So we're being asked that if people (according to polling) want return to basics-how do we fit that in the edtech message
damn damn a$ap. goldie.
Why no pool?
Don't sell drugs if you don't have a pistol. Most importantly don't have a pistol if you not gon shoot.
A sun filled #FF to our newest followers!
haha k kinda had a feeling u would lol
"Are cities good or bad for the environment?" Lot's of talk about Pittsburgh, sustainability, and cities.
Are those big mean Bacardi bartenders abusing you??
Gotta be a team player, right? RT : Vampire Diaries fans... We've decided to replace w/
So I get home and there are 10 cop cars on my street! Holy eff!! This is cray!!
Sex Scandals all should face jail time for using the system for PUSSY
I will literally hang myself if Obama becomes president again.
what up big ang?
Why wasn't I ever a Chaser of the Month ????
Suggestion – Ninth, Do whatever builds a connection without making any points.
Happy Mother's Day for all the mother's out there! :D
TONIGHT...Brass-A-Holic Wednesdays at The 12 Bar on Fulton Street!! The rain won't stop us from gettin it in...see you in the building!!!
I'll throw your Qs out to our Braves Live crew and see if I can get some answers tomorrow.
Messi! Pedro! Yawn! Goal number 4. Messi needs to score a few more to ensure the Pichichi.
Thanks for the tip.
I meant to say
Mark your calendars! This month's meeting will be next Thursday, January 26th. More details coming soon!
Fuck Hollywood, I'm moving back to the Shtetl where a Jew can be a Jew once again without the influence of Goy philosophy and practices.
Awesome Town seemed exceptionally awesome this weekend. Next time you're around let me know.
Whew, wildly productive and tiring day at #SCAA2012 a little jet lag...also might be coming down from 16 shots of espresso...CRASH
This week=Lots of: Practicing Trombone, writing Cello Sonata No. 1: Twirl Her, Listening to Sigur Ros, Playing Megaman X and Running.
IM A TRUE RELIGION PHIEN
The reason why alot of people in this game dont make it is because yall so busy hating on the next man.Instead of hatin work on your craft.
thanks, so are you.
As of today, i'm rockin' that
Sex with no head is like swishers with not Kush
Dare we predict an airborne toxic event?
getting a library card is a pivotal moment. it's the first piece of ID you have. maybe first time someone says "i believe in you"
haha ok deal! I will text u soon! :)
completed her food and exercise diary for 06/06/2011
The person who sells shovels has a lot more gold than the person who has to dig for it.
done and retweeted.
I love Rina
20% of all our sales today will be donated to the Japan Relief Effort via the American Red Cross. Hope you can make it.
LL Cool J
ahha and wow how long was it ?? i have a english one on tuesday :/
Aw man Dell killed the Alienware M11x? :( I'm going to see if I can get one when they clear out extra stock.
oh hell yes- love it!!!!
okay okay. God is movin ya! Nice hows the baby?
Going to sing now, at Kelly's at the Town and Country Hotel in Mission Valley San Diego 7:00 o clock show time. Come on down!
They got the whole summer off man. That's how good they are! ha! at least Larry is still in town!
Freaking want sum crab legs!! Lol
but good luck to you!
this country was founded on hate, and survives solely at its altar. Or Mammon's. Which is almost the same thing.
How hauersperger moved me away from today. <<
yeah, too crazy,SMH.
I was so stressed out! The girl i'm replacing is also "training" me and making it *very* difficult. She ended up going home :/
is listening to KRANK by and
: Thanks again for your time today ! It was a really great discussion; leaned a ton!
I should just mercy kill mine it's so mothballed and neglected.
Just wanted to tell you again, AWESOME show in the Bing Lounge today!
Thanks for the RT!! Have a great weekend!
I wonder what else we would find if anyone actually read his damn book. MSM? Anyone?
301 W. Washington St. Right at the corner of Washington and Senate. Stop by and see us.
In typical Vancouver fashion, it's raining. I'm supposed to be loading the car with all my belongings right now, so that kinda sucks.
maybe tomorrow
Thank you very much, Tyler James Hansen, for your support! We appreciate you helping us move this project forward!
I predict #MANCvQPR second half will be Man City 80% possession and completing roughly 600 passes
If I didn't have to work I would be outside looking cute ugh
Oh, you're speaking my language. RT : We are clearing out our cellar. Cantillon 2009 Lou Pepe Kriek special. More to come.
If I had a wiener right now I'd pull it out and pee on this annoying chick!
eating a salad such a trill
Let's go Bearcats!
tip #6. Include whole grains and fiber in your diet. Try breads such as whole-wheat, bagels Spaghetti and oatmeal are also good choices.
people talk big to hide the fact that they have nothing! i apologize my nigga - we'll get em on the 24th!
Hope you heal quickly.
Thx for following!!!
this better be a joke omfg
Lmao!!! You know they need employees.
aight...door will be open
Dear people of Linkedin, We're here to connect. Fill out your profile contact info (email/phone) and we all win. XOXO ~Recruiters
There is a lot to know about Christmas tree safety. Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com or www.oklahomahomerepair.com for more!
#CommercialFREE this hour. Fill in the blank! My favorite song on the radio is _________!!! - Bryan RadioNOW
That meeting just cost me 20bucks. #Pittsburgh parking strikes again. Yinz need to get out here with some paint!
& if one more dude calls me LilMomma , ima SCREAM >_<
This girl wouldnt shut the fuck up and i had no chloroform so i just took my shoe off and held it over her face worked just as well
Does Hazard, Kentucky sound as good to you as it does to me? Damn, it sounds pretty good.
Snagged myself an audition for #Disney's #GetConnected!!!
All i know is that im not ready for this season to end
thanks bud
& , u guys r with ? Is it me or do u get to do all the fun stuff in comparison to ??
making dinner
Lmao! never thought of it like that until now XD
Good job! For some reason I thought we were talking about closet rods though... that's what NessGuyver fixed w/ a belt. ;)
Ah i love this song!
Q4 We read about many different new classification systems in #libraryschool last term, but I think Dewey/LC is so ingrained>>
Rob is the mother. I did not expect that.
our Ability athletes are back from 5 days of Speed Races in Winter Park racing SG, SC, and DH!
My numbers aren't going up...I recycle!
I had to have those too! Feels weird! (but better than a breakup!)
If I have to get a 💉 because got me sick ima be pissed 😡
Not a fan of business travel, but I'm glad I'm going to spend some time in Memphis and California this fall. Not ready to wear jeans yet.
nice write-up on CoffeeScript... the first part about debugging nailed it... sticking with JS
some bitc- female was talking about the Boyz today, he was like "Madison is a girl name haha. Thomas is fat." and I was like 30 seconds
had SO many good scenes like when you gave up Trevor or funny scenes when you married Jake whatever you choose should win
have no clue, I guess I should find out as well, lol
Today's #FullPinkMoon heralds the appearance of the moss pink, one of the first spring flowers. Also known as the Sprouting Grass Moon,...
We are doing a huge raffle on Saturday with some serious give aways. Like there is a lot of stuff to win. Raffle will benefit local charity.
yes, good luck! sounds like a fun gig.
Rise and Grind. Pregame at 11am on
I'm going to hold you hostage in my Christmas room!!!
So great to meet you ! Love what you did with the TLC promotion in NYC today. Enjoy NYC.
What said. RT Just tell me when/where!!
you mean me right?
I had to give up the blog for now. The candle melted.
apartment hunting makes me poop
Beautiful girls, Inteligent girls!
"[D]oing something is what has been done historically." What do you call Occupy movement? The 1960s? Bring it back in spades.
The Omni Orlando Resort will be renovating their guest rooms this summer from July 15 - October 1, 2012.
me too. Have you been on tumblr? That can cure bordum
Watching Dear John
When you sit there listening to a friend talk about how hot she thinks your cousin is knowing she don't know you're related to him, Lol.
: Where is the location?
Dawn what time does your event start tomorrow?
i DM you
Yes, they are and their Commander-In-Chief ain't no slouch either !!!
Every time i listen to motto on pandora, rack city come on. Those my fav rap songs
they are, but no bro's ever made it through the gauntlet.
I love face timing my main man love you bud 💩❤
in end June 11th but then finals and regents -_- wbu?
My baby girl is also 7 months old today. Mommy loves you soo much Leah! #proudmommy (: <33
what about tomorrow, Wednesday? r u back on Old Slip and Water?
FOLLOW ME
You're welcome tweetheart! :)
meg is mad that i told you she was peeing... oops! hehe
hot yoga last night, spin this morning...i will be lucky if i can get up from my desk at the end of the day.
"I'm leaving all of my money to an orchard that will grow edible me shaped fruits."- Mr. Burns
We're gonna Bang you tonight! See w/ & Lando tear up the stage. www.inrareformcomedy.com
hey what's ur email address?
Lollipop Monday's.....improptu performances, celebs, come check it out for yourself!
Wait wtf, my hair is like drying straight... #soconfused haha I have wavy hair?
Why would someone want all those tattoos on their body? That's going to look crazy when you get old
Yo, where my homie at? She's been MIA like she balls with D. Wade and the Heat.
rule #1 I don't do business with strangers...
u r gonna need it! It was so sad! :(
aww I wanna see the roller derby 😞
times like this i feel like all i have is myself
talk about a manic monday. it isn't over till a solid workout at !
RETWEET if you are a true believer and #showyourheart for
oh no! Hope you're ok!
Boston here we come...uh oh
I've held the city down for 3 years
I love van/car heat when you first get in..
LOL . you're naughty.. but amusing. They never respond tho. y bother? Phone WBC
Check out the ICSF schedule on neybor.com. Check into sessions to earn badges
accept my request lil sister!
So great to feel the love and appreciation at #thatcamp for librarians.
What happend to your steelers my brotha, oh thats right they got TEBOWED, great game though thought Pitt was gonna pull it off
Going to get a quote on some scratch removing for my car. Yay for pearl white, way to make things 'spensive!
Celery sticks oh yerr
HOT AS HELL!
So much to do in soo little time
Happy Memorial Day! to all Tweeters, stay safe and keepy your heads up. As long as we have our health and strength N E thing is possible.
Worried about toxins and how they effect health? Join us1/11 @ 12 in the Rines...McKay Jenkins speaks about "What's Gotten in to Us?".
Uhm I have no business being ,up this early. Like I won't even get ready for another 20 minutes.
Excited to wear my #Bucky wear to the office tmrw to celebrate #MarchMadness ! #BadgerPride Cc
Ima blow Boom ass up if he keep playin with me !
"But we cant know better until knowing better is useless."
and my response is none of ur dam business lol babysitting is a challenging task..Bottomline is babys are obviously carrying shanks in their
Besides, what's the point of growth for growth's sake, especially if it's at the expense of others?
Why is is so cold this morning!?
Thanks for your kind words. You may quote me but please be sure to credit the publication it appears in too.
Remember when we put counters on websites to let everyone know the lack of traffic we were getting? I really liked the green digital ones.
Thought of our confab about faceblindness when I saw that 60 Minutes would do a story this Sun. Should be interesting.
Try Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar once and you’ll be hooked. Then we’ll see you again, and again, and again, and again.
Today at the library, just call me Jimmy Olsen.
hey there. How ate you?
Surgery then traveling to a conference - just not enough time in the day to get everything done :)
thats the motto lion yoro. (you only roar once)
What are you going to be doing in Nash? I'd love to see you!
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear We're Out Of Weed
I freaking love midgets(:
There needs to be some sort of international regulatory authority on weave/braid hair coming out of China. jeez
What about your existential giggle fits?
you're welcome! Thanks for your email this evening as well!
Romney reiterates opposition to gay marriage, believes marriage should only be between a man and a woman and another woman.
Happy 4th of July!!
Omg he is amazingly funny I'm in tears
loved your Vegas show..can't wait to see u again ! Xoxo
Well the second episode of Girls gets a 95/100 and three gold medals and a MacArthur genius grant all at the same time.
Me, in CQ Today: Top lawmakers back the administration's legal rationale for killing U.S. citizen Awlaki, but some want it made public.
saw it! Shoot the puck contest!
Nothing better than a fresh fade!
I am on a quest. A quest to buy a frisbee.
At The Gym! Becoming A "Super Saiyan"
No Friday Noir for me
I'm going to cry tomorrow..:'( I don't want to get his braces off.! He's so adorable with them! But I bet he'll be even cuter!
yay! How about we repeal the #Chicken Tax, for ONCE AND FOR ALL?!
S/O AngelGE go hard all the from the GOV LN
Dora: "What part did yo like best?" Me: "I liked the part when.." Dora: "I like that part too!" Me: Bitch I wasnt finished
Spring football games today Michigan on FSU on
Looking forward to getting the drink flowing through my veins tonight along with the roids.
for sure he is quite the love doctor!
SEO NEWS: Convincing Upper Management aka Justifying your Existence - Whiteboard Friday
oh yes definitely. Kanye is the authority on everything!
Thanks! Yep, I know! I used to hostess at North in Kierland back in my high school days! :) Love True Food!
Beating #RoyHalladay is always satisfying. Great W for the #Cubbies tonight!
Why can't Taylor shoot? It's driving me nuts!!
awesome job tonight!! :)
45 minutes of weight loss, BOOM!
Eat nothing but breakfast. Cheeky's, Kings Highway, Palm Springs Kofi.
Nba playoffs are starting this weekend !
I'm drunk lol
Not worried, the pack will put up at least 28.
Thanks for the RT and support :-)
I think this extracts jpegs etc. from PDFs but I want the actual underlying page images. Hmm need to learn more about this...
Husband just tried to mute me with the TV remote--he wasn't doing it to be funny, his hand just made the move unconsciously. #i'madelight
For me, '92 without question. It was raw. Still is in many ways. I HATE that shot.
Eminem is King Of Music #RT IF You Agree !
swear I meant weed no blunt lol
hell yeah!
I found the lack of moral rebellion in the Hunger Games book frustrating, until I realized they were probably saving it for the sequels.
No problem, thank you too! If you're into sports, check out our podcast on iTunes, we have a new epi we just finished yesterday!
what are your choices?
watching Ray's FS feed and even they disagreed with the call.
i dont know why you told me to check twitter when you said something that rude. i cant even believe it.
thank you!
Just spilled coffee on me at the office. Dang it.
The organizers met the chartering requirements, and we welcome all groups who have pledged to support
It hurts /:
Ep #12: December 11, 2011 Rob and Ryan lament a remake of 'American Psycho' and discuss the latest Hollywood news, box office and casting
OBVIOUSLY! i also heard there is a crepe truck now with bomb smoothies
What a beautiful day in Austin!
A woman in the U.S. is more than 7x as likely to die of pregnancy-related causes than a woman in Italy or Ireland.
on the radio though >>>> ♥
Is reading "Body of Lies"
PS Is it your weekend yet :-)?
Prefect conditions for whale watching today, saw 2 this morning and 12 this afternoon. Wow the whole fleet is heading back to Alaska
We were hoping to #spottheshuttle outside the office. No luck
I sent one of my best friends a bottle of 28 y.o. scotch for his 55th birthday. UPS "lost it"..which is code for "A great day driving 4 UPS"
ill probably be at panko. but i will.
Its... not important.
Strangers Save Trapped Fire Victim | NBC San Diego via San Diego
No network will do a deal w/sleazy boxing promoter or pay the $$ they want. More $ for promoters/fighters this way #care less
I saw your Arnold shirts at urban outfitters in orange county. That was a nice surprise!
I'm prez #flipclass at #NCTE12 in Vegas. Look me up if you're there. Also be presenting at
you can add to the list.
“: what is the point of tumblr?” let me know when you find out! Lol
Hamburger Helper is never fully ready until the hamburger is ready to accept that it needs help.
you shud do dinner with padma and all the money you get could go to a foundation...I would love to have dinner with you.
Happy First Friday everyone! How are you getting your Art on?
counting down the hours and minutes until Thursday
have sum juice on my behalf lol
Da bulls is John lucas team
Thanks for the RT, Jared; it's greatly appreciated! Let me know if I can ever help you.
those girls are so young!!!
I am not going to stop tweeting you until you follow :)
RT #Warning DM Scam "Twitter might start charging? see this article" tries to steal your password, do NOT click.
Tonight! 6-8 at Like The Spice Gallery 224 Roebling in Williamsburg BK opening of the gallery White XMAS!
Yep. The Heat are going all the way because the refs want it, NBA wants it, and $$$ wants it.
I can't remember the name but it's authentic mexican right off of Harvard Square.
oh yeah! Just made 40 bucks babysiting! :D
Omg cnt wait until I get off
Found a tactful way to tell coworker he takes too long on calls. Hopefully, he'll take the hint and we won't get so backed up on his shifts.
really Tryna to get on the #GATrain at 5:15 put me on put me on
Nothing quite like coming home to two very happy poodles. Ugh, the sloppy kisses! It'd be so cute if it wasn't so gross! Lol
Between takes...cast just chilling for the moment...
I Still Show Love Even When I Feel Hate
❤RT : Love is not meant to be held in. It's meant to be expressed & shared. Express your love & it will grow. #TDL»
is a force to be reckoned with. Impressive. Energy with substance and accountability.
Don't try to run zip code game on me bih... you from a suburb you joke. I been around sucka.
T2: When I did finally share my story, the positive reaction I got confirmed that I'd made the right decision.
Camilla Belle was my favorite by FAR. your thoughts?
man, that's awesome! Glad to hear it!
Home Ownership and Investment Real Estate: Part 1 - The Wealthy ...
I'm getting a tattoo this week. Hopefully you will like the idea I put together.
At Chipotle havin my favorite meal. With my favorite person
Thank you!
Aww, the sound of battery backups chirping is starting to get on my nerves.
This nigga look like turtle with the shield knock off!
WHOA WAIT WHAT???
What's good y'all..... Guess what we got for Christmas....
Great to see you two at the Fillmore! xo
$476,000,000 and counting... #megamillions This would certainly help the house hunt. And the student loans...
How poetic RT : The heart is the same size as the human fist. This explains why we fight for what we love-Mic Phelps
but when Gates socks Frieze from Xavier it was over
I did it to see how it was... it was awful. The average was maybe 10 levels when it should have been 15+.
Half the way to go
Well ladies and gents, this will be interesting.
not while I'm living =P
on screen literary cabaret: Are we doing what's right for children or Microsoft?
no way you could've predicted all of the Bulls injuries.
OMG. My new Incredible is incredible!
thankz 4 followin me! u so cute! how old r u!
Just played "Just Dance 3" with Sarai. I'd never played any of them Wii dance games. It was so fun!
edim v Kiev!))
a show in Williamsburg, Brooklyn- thoughts?
A man attacked in a train. He says Metro let him down. reports. Near record temps tomorrow and Caps on home ice. News4 at 11
I read a lot of "poetry". It's nice, every now and then, to come across poetry (sans scare quotes). Thank you.
#hicss listening to ricardo gomez talk about perceptions of connectedness in Columbia: libraries, telecenters, and internet cafes
WAIT STOP CAN WE LEARN THEO CHOREO TOGETHER AND MAKE OUR OWN VIDEO
Dear Girls: #FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs in 1 month using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
goodlookin out, Jeremy loves his fans..
Finishing up some mixes.
Yes...which program? RT : would that be sufficient material to go to grad school at ?
Hey ARE YOU FUCKING READY FOR TOUR!?!?!?
Register before June 4, and you can save $50 off of the $200 registration fee by using the code SLA10V.
I enjoy grocery shopping way too much.
It's not even 11 am and we're already over the 11/11/11 meme. This doesn't bode well for the rest of the day, does it....
RT : WOW! What a crazy weekend! Mega downloads coming out of #Italy! Thank you!!
Lmao at everyone's angry tweets😂thank you #finsdraft😒
Indeed, but we LOVE college basketball (we might be a "little" biased)...
Beginning drawing is like my math class but with less doodling
Looking for #syrian teens on twitter to tell their story to american students - know any?
GREETINGS LADY FOLLOW RACHEAL CHECK MY HAIR OUT
bring her to my house shell let you be there I live in the whitest area of new ken lol & If she lets u stay here we can go to cams(:
Thank You For follow me!:)x
Kids carrying big sticks w/ them on the bus
Agreed! Ever had them in the French Quarter?
I need a massage so bad
Finally back at work in sunny LA. Taking bets on how crowded will be tonight...
thank god. If you said no my second choice was Tom Aldana.
H.Koltys,a former judge, created . after his own custody fight to help parents protect kids/avoid problems;check it out.
Don't come at my girl like that pussy nigga RT : tighten up jitt you soft
yes. Shut down before one. My friend thought it was fun. She's not a regular at these things.
it's a change of pace! fun to wake up with folks and have a little fun :)
No matter how nice & charming I may be there's always that look people give me, trying to figure me out!? Why? I'm just a person just like u
great tips....makes.me miss teaching creative writing :)
RT : dont cry in your beer, you'll just be watering it down...
Sounds like a great story.
thanks for the follow! digging your designs! have you checked out our specialty waterbased & discharge inks?
It took us longer to pack. They are only coming for one night and we'll be there all weekend.
Awesome new movie from just screened at Hammer Museum. Best part: trip to Bhopal to meet people they allegedly "traumatized"
The City of San Diego took away at least 20 parking spots in Mission Hills, on Washington St, to put in a bike lane. What do you think?
Damn, them church gigs. Those who pray Jesus pay. Church.
sounds good JJ!
"Standin here feeling like a love struck romeo, all I wanna do is hold you close and steal a little more time, is that such a crime?"
My wife is back home from California. The boys and I survived but I am glad to see her.
You are probably better. :)
no! I'm so sorry!!
praise the Lord that is over....I'm hella confused...seriously....
when ur actions dnt match up with what u say, after a while all I start to hear is bs
What I tell ya boy!!!!!!!!!!!!! Them Giants was the real deal son!
Thanks for the follow Matt!
THEY WON'T DANCE TO GIVE ME EVERYTHING OKAY. I know it would be amazing if they would but they can't cause ADBC doesn't repeat songs.
I still am not sure what the hell these things are. I'm especially intrigued by the encounter in Riverside, CA in the 50s
no i hate gym
Had a fantastic time at #muse2011! Can't wait until next year!
Are there casting calls for "most ignorant MF'as" on Fox News or am I expected to believe its a coincidence?
We have three mobiles and what is it that has my daughter mesmerized? The ceiling fan.
I'm starving..... Damn school!!!! I could be eating if I were at home!
So proud. I suggest iced coffee - so much easier to chug.
watching jennifers body
Electric Daisy Carnival 2012
Ag & life science #librarians here for #USAIN12: didja know that the Am Assoc of #Museums is also meeting here in #Minneapolis?
You'll have to tell me more about your story.
Seeing the Diego Rivera fresco expedition in person at MoMA is pretty awesome, to put it mildly.
What CIA is not an organization of spies?
don't be so glum :) its temporary!
#dedicationtomyex You made me scared to love, and I have missed out on a lot of opportunities. so thanks for fucking me up. :)
What if money was raptured?
none okay <;3
Hope everyone has a great weekend :)
U ROCK:) RT seemed silly buying tix in June but in retrospect so glad I did w all the madness going on,right ?
Get the brussels sprouts. They're insane.
Today is going to be a good day..
FRANK! how are ya? hows the weather and what you got shoved in your pocket tonight? [please don't say my iPhone]
Right before I unfollow someone, I send them a tweet that says only, "fart on you". It's the equivalent of a digital crop dusting.
It takes sacrifice to achieve your greatest goals. Joe has realized the importance of sacrifice during this competition....
you lose?
Yes. We would be interested
did you put those flowers in those urns? Enjoy Puerto Rico!
Thanks for the follow !
"I can't shake this feeling that we belong together." - Robin on her relationship with Barney
you show that picture to her ill show your gf a picture of you in heals
Married with children! Polk high football rules!
Thanks...Happy Mother's day to you too. My mom is so cute...watches NASCAR too...lol!
It always is and Inman never seems to plan for it. Weird!
thanks! lol yeah that would probably be a lot safer for me :)
I'm fine, just having fun tweeting, percolating some thoughts :) How are things there?
dammit! got taken in by this "liquid pencil" by sharpie. it's basically an erasable pen. stupid marketing.
ahh who was your favorite character??? o.O
just did a survey of the group, looks like most of us are gonna go for the bug tastin! :)
- thanx..hope U have an amazing weekend
text me (:
let me look in my magic bag
Can't make up my mind .....cut some bangs or no....aghh decisions
The one day there is no one in the tutoring center would be the one day I don't bring homework
Thank you! We really appreciate all the local support!
Not in the best of moods :/
what u talking about willis??? no way xoxoxox i love u
Great show tonight! Thanks to all that watched our set! :)
hahahahahaha, ai Brian
Haha! Just hope they weren't the first things you found in the hamper.
LMAO! Love it! I need to hear that song again.
“: Chicks 4get all about their man when certain nigga's walk in the room.” Ricky Rubio?
oh thanks :)
Hilarious! So glad I didn't kill you! xx
my laptop took a dive, littlest wont leave me be, forgot sages dry shorts at home when we went to swim class!ugh long day
To decrease information overloud - pick 2-3 task & implement immediately. That's key
</3 im sorry :( I completely destroyed my phone. ://
climbing trees
U are beautiful & classy..stay away from the GHETTO Trash Tami. Let her keep her GHETTO status in that circle.
thanks for the RT!
Put in some work on the revised contemporary this a.m. New direction will allow more development of main male character. This is good.
yup, and are you sure you don't hate me?
Very low scoring first qtr- Cherry Creek up 7-2 over Rangeview. Winner plays Ranch in the final four.
can I have some??
Phoenix Az has fresh cheese curds ! See U Spring Training ! Arizona Cheese Co. !
I agree.
Can you still get email where I've been sending it? I do have some ideas! If not, would you message me with a new address?
Beatriz Lara, Chief Innov Officer: "the difference between the DNA of a chimpanzee and a human is less than 1%, but it is an important 1%."
ur right.... I should just join em
My face hurts.
The Power that lies within you is what the world is waiting for - consider it your contribution ~ Lidy Flom
Lets go
The sound is so good I might cry. Just been to so many shows with so-so sound at best. But this. Yes.
When your older should you cut your hair short? What age is older?
Sometimes we are given more than we can handle. For that we have talk therapy and anti-depressants.
Someone has been heavy-breathing on this conference call for the past 20 minutes and everyone's just pretending they can't hear it.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 92
OMG! There is a potato in the pool
WOW! Tremendous Hockey!!
Almost 2am and I'm still up... Goodnight
little black dress with fishnet and eyepatch
"That's crayyyyy" "She thinks I'm craycray" Okay who decided to eliminate the 'zy' from 'crazy'? To the people who say that....No. Just no.
Car crashes = #1 killer of teens in U.S. 's highway bill doesn't include word 'teen'
You're not "cool" you're just annoying.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!♡3
Gtfo! You don't know shit. I've been looking for a job asshole.
Wednesday night is ladies night! Ladies??? Come spend the night with us at
Decision 2012 is more just an election yr. it's turning out to be life changing. Left or right of the fork. Jump! The water is fine.
If all you want to do is make money, the very last thing you need is imagination.
Thank you, I'm flattered! And in such good company, too! I'll be back to #wjchat soon
How is #yououtyoduckassmind trending? Unless everyone is tweeting the same question . . . that must be it.
I hate when hubby is away kmt hence the reason I am up restless at night can't sleep without my freezer
or you could run like me ;)
Trust Your Sensei: The most Intriguing film of the Summer is "Take Shelter".
Some people still have yet to learn .. IDG1F
Who's at our farmer's market tonight? Get anything good? :-)
im a brown cow
Florida Realtor
Formula for loyalty: sense of trust, sense of belonging, greater sense of purpose. kane
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
Absolute domination thus far. Shana is super strong.
This weekend has been pretty amazing made me feel like I was a teenager again. :-)
Know when to come in and out of the shadow.
Somebody just called me, growled, then hung up.
hi Mark, yes, will update my profile soon.. looking for a great theme for my twitter right now
Valentine's day will consist of excessive drinking
Happy first winter Snow Day!
JNC in Chapel Hill
thanks for hanging with us in CITYCENTRE yesterday! :)
girl...it will feel good...either way I hope u feel better!!!!;)<3
Wow, congrats on being named MLS Breakout Player of the Year for 2011! You definitely deserve it!
"In addition to its responsibility to protect its SSL and DNS infrastructure, Go Daddy is a frequent target of electronic attacks targeting…
LA-bound for 's baby shower!
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back ~ Henry Youngman
:: great to meet you! good luck on your side of the world!
Is marijuana a gateway drug to gardening?
And now?
I wanna c project X
Don't ask a reporter to advertise you - they have a job to do and it's not to advertise you.
This calls for a stiff drink
This is the fate of those who trust in themselves, and of their followers, who approve their sayings. Psalm 49:13
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool she has a boyfriend and I don't ! I'm going to die alone
Any comment on the rumor that NBC Sports may use their trade exception to acquire you in a sign and trade?
your eyes are so beautiful your smile so contagiouse! <3
I dont like the feeling of not being liked. did that even make sense?
I am so pretty, thank goodness, 'cause I'm not so bright~
You need to make your content discoverable
... but there is no excuse on the planet for throwing your helmet at (toward) an umpire. None, never.
My friend AJ says to me all the time that the best writing comes between giving up and despair.
No, I didn't know you were in LA. Did you move there or just visiting?
I wish I could just sleep all day!
Great opportunity to get seen on a UFC televised card. Millions will be watching. Get your company noticed! Private Message if interested.
I still love PB&J, best sandwich. Not toasted.
"Wow, you totally beat me to it! Not fair!!" - LOL
Thanks, Cathy!
Want to help a student teacher with his #homework? Which part of #stopstealingdreams do think every student teacher must read?
😂😂😂 RT : I guess Pittsburgh is a state now. Oh.
thats good ,,, keep up the good work .. stay in school and stay focus
RT : Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist.... Last Call for Submissions...get at me if you want on...
seems to fit the pound tho
Thats a really good tool bc they can provide you w/ insight too.
LMFAOOOOOOOOOO where the fuck are you going with the fucking braids? ahahahhahaha
The human eye can detect 10 million different colors!
Is the MN #GOP broke? They have some bills to pay and may be evicted. We have the story on the
Hope you know that when it's late at night I Hold on to my pillow tight And think of how you promised me forever
Aplomb - n. Complete and confident composure or self-assurance.
Thanks for following me. Hope you have an amazing day :)
It doesn't matter if you're a fan of the Riverdance or not. Get 10 people to dance the Riverdance for you to shoot. Keep that camera steady!
Oh the people of Walmart..
INGE goes yard to tie it up 3-3!
Week of cardio complete... Back to the weights on Monday!
okayy:) no problem already did:)
The key word is "manage" the top line. Too many people focus on the top line and forget the bottom line. Recipe 4 disaster.
Personal $$$ 101 continues TONIGHT. Take control of your finances w/the help of this 8-week course at Boise. RSVP for your spot 503.916.6139
Vanity is my favorite sin
tell me you're coming to see us and at Analog bar for their industry night Nov 28
Hope you are okay! SO HAPPY you got a TD reception today - you deserve it!!! BIG ((( HUGS )))
We just got yelled at for riding the dirtbike in the neighborhood . Lol . Cheyenne was screaming like a little girl ;D
Watching Harry Potter and the Longest Camping Trip Ever.
Ouch. Rose torn ACL and MCL. Out for playoffs. Easy to blame Thibs, but just a freak injury.
red one definitely(:
RT : People worry, and God smiles.~ Hebrew
Gotta stay focused
I wish! Brody jus get in where I fit in. NH RT NIGGA U A PIMP!
Cards are in the air for our 1-3NLH and seats are going fast! Come on over to get in the action before you get shut out ;o)
no Im not
did you have an urge to herd them and drink?
Driving to Chicago. ETA 8:22 AM using Waze - Drive Social
my apologies...but I'm working. We had a momentary Twitter meltdown. But the ODP tweets are done.
You know something good is brewing when you're excited about going to a meeting. Can't wait to make happen. Please follow us!
UW 33 Michigan State 24...and back to Pasadena..
come to nebraska and follow me
thank you and today i keep forgeting to post it but it will be up today!!
Some body need to entertain me
In the House tonight....Not really feelin it!
Morning All back @ it...9-5
:) me too :) I really wanted to see them!
I agree with most of what you said except for the longer the Magic waits the more Dwight wants to go. It doesn't matter what
they hire anyone to spin signs these days!
Here's to a great weekend! What's everyone doing? Holiday parties?
as they say, "Friends don't let friends drink at Starbucks!" :)
what time on Saturday is the #EuroCup ?
thanks for letting me know we tapped it ;-)
There's something about a smoothie that says, "Oh I'm so full, but I still want chick fil a!"
What are your thoughts on the school merger settlement?
Cool place, huh?
omg . ugh. .no comment
THIS!! RT : I don't say, "He's fine for a white boy." that's dumb. If you fine, you fine, doesn't matter the color.
Could not resist
Should'nt you be dialing?
time for some scotch
Just signed up for great program! You should check it out!
Happy b day jamie!
flip-flops weather still
should text me when he wants to smoke 😉
Im really happy with how my storys coming out so far c;
Another middle of the night fire alarm. Yep, I live in a college dorm.
North America's Premier Premanent Makeup Artist.
Many corporations offer casino games for the grownups while the kids are playing on the inflatable games
happy mothers day lol :P
when you were yonger like 8 or 10 did you ever think you would be a singer ?
let's go #Lakers I am finally dressed & ready for #MingleMondays w/my bro holding it down
STFU. BELIEVE IT OR NOT. kbyecutie.
got a great shout out last night by Amy Wheeler, introducing the amazing Winnie Holzman.
Check out Twitter!!!
Rough day at work. Very rough. 😠
Ron Wood says Rolling Stones headed back to studio
Awesome!!! So glad we got the Sean seal of approval! Can we put the video on our website? You'll get credit of course! =)
:D Thanks!
lollol I kid, I kid.
are you?
Having a great time at #thematketingexpo Great speakers!!! Mixer at 4:30pm here in Carlsbad!
all the time. So much easier to keep working than transition into home duties
There's this misconception that you have to be all put together to come to God. Nope, not true. He loves us in our brokenness.
damn lol that's alot of tall people!
I don't need a perfect relationship, I just need someone who won't give up on me.
lol that's what she said! ...ok i'll stop...
One's Mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions. #quote Oliver Wendell Holmes
Every day the #VintageReggaeWinterFest draws nearer and nearer! Mark down February 19th on your event calendar
One reason the #Celtics are winning right now: heart.
84 degrees in Phoenix today. And, what am I doing? I'm inside cleaning and working. I think I'll do lunch on the patio.
I forgot I needed that shit off him
totally agree on that one. Grown folk make grown decisions.
I hope u had an amazing bday! It was so fun. Im so honored that u dedicated a candle to ur twitter friends, it meant alot;)
A politician will stand for what he thinks people will fall for.
and he gives himself away with that tweet. LOL. Not to mention the other obvious patterns.
I swear I look so much better right before I fall asleep
I'm mad at all of u
Sorry, I just have to pee..
I wish I'd written this tweet but it's from Everybody in the U.S. except the GOP will spring forward tonight
Just caught the final few minutes of The Voice. Whoa that was powerful! "Nothing without Jesus!"
Capt. Simon Tufts of the USS Defense has spent the day sinking old ships in the Charelstown, SC harbor to block British war ships.
LOVE 's hot red pants on the Morning Blend today!
#ILikeObamacare because I'm unemployed and can't get health insurance. I'm trying to find a job, but most of my interviews are for temp jobs
Treat yourself to luxury!!! Check out our amazing Memory Foam Mattresses!
Is there someone up top I can complain to about getting reimbursed or some account credit due to the months of no signal?
Nice but why is it on the floor?
I dance, therefore I am.
I share a birthday with Ruby?! Bitches be rulin' the 7th of April.
Lol the Man (Torterella) has the personality of Tree Bark... Albeit Angry 1 Word Tree Bark. :D
hmm gym today && then hanging wid Will ( :
Mavs on the 's red carpet!!
Thanks for the #WW! Hope your week is going smoothly.
are you coming to Pickles?
In sunny Salerno,Italy-I'm singing with Salerno Jazz Orchestra on Thu 17th @ Teatro dell'Arte-Big Band,baby!!!
Will be seeing my long lost sister tomorrow 💜💜
LOOKING FOR THE BEST HOT SAUCE AROUND CHECK OUT !!
Dell Tech Support line SUCKS!
I needed that nights rest!! Feel so refreshed now! Bring on woekouts
RT : Happy Milwaukee Beer Week! (Think it's a coincidence our two-year anniv is the same as Milwaukee Beer Week? We don't.)
I sure am :D
Someone's got a grumpy face RT should have dealt with #OccupyDC by herding all of them into the shack and setting it on fire.
Newark loves u back. Anytime u want to hear what Newarkers are really up against, give a shout. Sadly, aint a damn thing changed
Happy Hours! Thursday at ! Friday at Don't Know Tavern! And Saturday is the big feast at Noble's!
you're starships music video is AMAZING <3
My demand gen team has seriously been talking about how to run a FB dating campaign for me and for a coworker for 30 minutes.
Tons of people are walking around BestBuy to physically handle electronics before they buy - they will still order online for convenience
At White House, Joliet mom calls for Illinois to allow more large families to ... - Chicago Tribune
RT RE: Shane Doan. Once in a while in this hard world, good things happen to good people.
Act like a boyfriend , not a jerk .
"I'm coming back. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going out like this." - Mariano Rivera to reporters today.
Never really paid much attention, but a lot of black girls smoke cigarettes...
#YoMommaSoFat fat that her belly button makes an echo.
its great you are a role model for parents with homosexual and transgender children. I know it was a struggle but your a fighter.
Happy Baby Mama's Day.
lol next time i do my hair and take a picture i will try that!!:) and good night!!:)
very true!!
Two weeks in and never happier to have moved to a BB Bold!
Let's avoid that 6 minute cold spell and remember how to rebound and get out of the Chi with a victory.
Mike Tirico mentioning LBJ without a ring...he should also point out that Jerry West and Oscar Robertson won 1 each.
If the namesake dog at Red Hots is an authentic Chicago hot dog, those people are out of their damn minds. But they're onto something
Circumnavigating Mercer island... Oil changed, late start, pretty day
Oh yeah!
I learned that my work could extend beyond the patient and family. I was able to influence health-care delivery for entire communities
RT : Walker leads Barrett 50% to 44% among likely voters, new Marquette Law School Poll finds. It was Walker 48-47 two weeks ago.
Okay finished Hunger Games trilogy! Need audiobook STAT! Working out with book is much easier than with music!
I hate when people judge what right do you have?
whether you are right or wrong, NeVaaDans get to choose. It's a bit of a worldwide custom, from what I gather.
Thursday night classic. Gotta go win at volleyball, brb
I'm not sure. Let me ask
Michael Bay better not mess up the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Across the country Eve Ensler is making bank today. Too bad she's close-minded about gender or maybe I could have a job.
what about Doc? You think he lives in that conversation?
I know...SMH
ING I just realized the girl who plays ally on remember me plays Claire on lost
Truth! RT : Almost no one I admire more than a great writer
Gearing up and looking forward to presenting to new TCU faculty at the New Faculty Orientation.
How do they not have the stuff to make a cobbler and you in the DEEP SOUTH?
Stupid sunburn. Die🔫
he'll no
What if this time I dont say hi first? Or text u back? Or leave u wondering? What if this time U'RE the 1 left feeling completely messed up?
Strawberry Kiwi Juice & Chocolate Chip Poptart , M ;) <333333
you cry too when you watch it? Aww
Im sure gsmes are better after midnight but I just never adjusted my schedule. Im heading back to Tampa monday. And keep grinding HR Tampa.
tune in right now...channel 12/2...my video will b shown
Yew Smell like toilet water
- fixed it, thanks for pointing that out!
...we are finding customers who think so as well...
have fun this weekend! 🐎🍺
Hi. Please cheer me up? No? Okay :)
Long day, think I'll watch a movie. Feeling privileged as a beta-tester for #seenth.at - can't wait for when it's finished!
I wanna trust #OOMF but I cant
Exploring the Austin grocery store scene with She's giddy, like an acrobat in a mattress store!!!
I'm feeling that today's a morning #onblast #igettooexcited #jamming #BELIEBER #perfect 💿🎶🎶🎶💗💗💗👍👍😃😃
RT : will you ever cut your dreads.
Got some great ideas for teaching digital projects at #thatcamppenn, kind of wish I had used some into the class I'm on my way to teach now!
Just some classic rolls
Really don't wanna be up this early >.<
Hey fellas... I'll be playing you on my show on Monday. Saw you'll be in Dallas 6/1. Want to come in studio?
What's it going to take to get some sleep around here #toothache :(
Meet w/over 40 recruiters from the broadcast industry including April 18 in Vegas
thanks so much hun! Have a wonderful Sunday!
Took an ambien and now I'm hallucinating. Fun shit!
It's only Tuesday and were already looking forward to Friday & Gather your friends & lets party DM us for tables
cute pic, love your style Jeffree, you better work it
Always tired after lunch, even if I dont eat
everyone should.
Good conversion!
That is the 1st time I have had someone hang up on me because we done have a grand piano for public use.
Tui gets in the shower when I get out and tries to catch the drips coming from the faucet lol such a weirdo
Work work work
I FUCKEN LOVE THAT SONG! .... NO LIE(:
Hm. Two excellent comedy shows + rub elbows w/ the talent at workshops and meals. Like compressed summer camp for comedy nerds...
Congratulations to our very own DAN ROOT on his victory at SHOGUN FIGHTS VI tonight. Come celebrate with us and the SEXY LADIES TONIGHT!
LOL that works too": That's very very true!!! Don't hold a grudge stay up and plot revenge!!! Ha ha"
Big Show went out like a sucker. Shame. Laurinaitis is a punk hoe.
I know we all want essentially the same things. A clean state with opportunities for our kids.
yep, love how WI is the center of gravity there - look how its influence spreads! (spoken as a packers fan)
Bouta get ready for work..... Sad to see my bestie leave :(
Smart people learn from their own mistakes. Smarter people learn from the mistakes of ot
:) RT : Ok I gotta go now. Goodnight! <3 & btw thank you for following me! :D
Pirates already won the series against the Nationals. I'm sure this will mean nothing later on though.
Glad you had a good time! We will be holding plenty of events like this coming up! As we get more of them I will let everyone know
Uh, Facebook? I did not ask to have "trending articles" put in my timeline. And I don't want them. Take them out.
DO IT!
What's in the Bxx? WHAT'S IN THE BXX!!!
Are all of your menu items #soyfree and #vegan?
I'm saddened by watching my extraordinary renewables colleagues retreating from the industry, which is under assault from the LNG boom
#first40songsonshuffle 18. fall out boy - of all the gin joints in all the world
Live music for your SF and Bay Area weddings and corporate events: jazz, swing, blues, Latin, standards, classics & more! TomShawTrio.com
Will this be announced by email or fb/twitter next time? thanks!!
yes! Mention anything like that, totally helps
Shot for me-drake=amazing<333
Dear chocolate, Goddamn you. Sincerely, Kevin.
I love Pocoyo.
Thanks to everyone who attended my #ebookhorizon webinar today! I really appreciated seeing all the tweets! :)
I'm not a lady-parts doctor, but I'm pretty sure that Rhianna has either a UTI or a yeast infection
yes, yes I have
hi! thanks for the #LIAL11 see you in boston!
I think is creepin lol love him he's so sweet:)
Have the Bucks announced if they're still doing Andrew Bogut bobblehead night on April 9th?
Still haven't opened my backpack yet. If only fontbonne didn't have homework....
Hey man - I saw you going back and forth with a certain ed pundit on KIPP and realized we should connect.
Committee members want to make sure proposed parking structures are not empty.
Shout out to and for supporting my love of the sax.
you guys work with boston models??
good morning to you hun! It's raining and a bit cold! You have plans for today?
I live like off eastmain but I be everywhere sometimes
My plan for this week is to assemble my first QAL blocks. Can't wait to see the finished quilt top.
Good morning Twitter friends!! I hope you all have a wonderful day!! Going to make some tea and get this day started!!!! :)) !!
except for minor heart explosion
Effin Christ. Gotta get off this late night snack habit.
Kickin it here at the house, waitin till 5 p.m. For practice.
I am registering for summer classes. I will get my degree eventually. I WILL!
Happy National Nutrition Month! What’s your best nutritional tip for the masses?
Flatland, you suck.
Clear alcohols are for women on diets. --Ron Swanson.
Sitting here with an empty stomach, i also notice so is my heart.
I got 2nd place man.I was rite there.lol
Quick shout out to my cousin Mazol Tov on the new job.
unc made 11 three's an still lost
look at you tryna look cute nd stuff lmao tried.
Sunday's are so depressing
I thought you didn't use twitter, missy!!
Lipstick and Lace now offers gift certificates! W.lipstickandlacemakeup.blogspot.com
I'll be the everything, to your nothing.
I really wonder what the hell people think. Please don't underestimate another's intelligence
Pulizzi: Without transduction, narrative vacillates between biological and technological artifact.
You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.
Chick flicks always get in the way of homework.
OMG...that sounds outstanding!
When a girl says "WHAT?!" It's not cuz she didn't hear you it's cuz she's giving you a chance to change what you just said
Thanks for the follow!
Today: PHP DomDocument win, Tenants in Action meeting w/ , pushed updates; grading; taught #IML400; met with local HPOZ
Thanks! Great to see you.
Nike shorts!!
So tired..
Tweets are due on Monday. We also just finished ch 12 yesterday. Review on Monday optional, no class Wednesday. :)
#20ThingsAboutMe 14. My oldest brother was born 1972. My nephew was born 1991. I was born 1993...yeah....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY CAKES!! ENJOY UR DAY!!!!
oh that sucks
#Thanks to all of our followers. Nearly 200 of you on less than a week. We're gaining support quickly and #loving it.
Shirt credit for today goes to !
Why do I always eat #junkfood when I'm at the airport? Sugar high!
Thanks! It was great. Have you had a chance to visit yet?
Schools teach you how to work for money, but don't teach how to make money work for you. ~ Robert Kiyosaki
I have iPad...is Xoom better??
Now I gotta go to work and listen to this bullshit! SMMFH
Good luck! We <3 our
I come home the 7th but then I fly back to Tokyo on the 13th
Does Burress remember his article from pre season bashing Giants and Coughlin ?
Haha wow their hahah oh god now I can't stop lauhign see I didn't even spell it the right way cause my hands are shaking :) !*)
its gonna be a GREAT Show. See u 2 night.
Phinney Ridge's Cancer Lifeline raises $235K at annual luncheon, to provide support/services to cancer patients/families....
Hey, the outdoor farmers market is back today. Hello, summer.
I 3 hour final, in a room with no electricity...
More than anything, So fall when you're ready baby, let our kiss count the moments & our hearts set the pace.
This whole not talking situation and pointless arguing with Chip is aggrevating af omg.... -_-
Breaking Bad: free gift with every purchase of meth cook.
Happy new year KJ!
Tonight it's you on my speakers, with Whatcha Say, my favorite. I love u Jay ♥
ima get mine wrong or right right or wrong fuck wit me i will take yo life thats why i got to tell the whole truth
I had a great weekend and a great teacher in
DINNER IS IN THE OVEN!!!! *DaKota MERCINARIES VP*
Take a look at the bright harvest moon at sunset tonight. (It allowed farmers to work late past sunset.)
RT : Always tough when you have to leave your family for a period of time.
Prepping for the WSU #BracketBusters game with coffee instead if beer. This 11am game time is weird.
Up bright & early to work the info booth at Walk the Watershed this morning!
Baking my feelings.
Congrats to 's on his first #SX title!
Hey there! Trying to keep up with #sschat. I seriously learn more in an hour here than I did in all my teacher ed!
I'm gonna to cheer when my likes reach 50 finally!!! Been a long trek getting there.
Sex Advice: When giving oral sex .... NO TEETH!
actually the CEO and Founder did. He just watched it for the first time ever.. It was amazing
You ought to attend our Eye Opener Series. You'd enjoy them. Can I add you to our mailing list?
Thanx for the #FF's! Back at ya! Hey #follow here
We Mahomies are all differt people. But one thing we have the same our love for Austin! ♥♥
CAN'T MAKE IT TO HUSTLIN' STEAKS OR JUST, DO NOT WANT TO LEAVE YOUR HOUSE? HU$TLIN' STEAKS NOW DELIVERS CALL 215-877-1906 HUSTLIN STEAKS
The mid 90's Spiderman cartoon had a pretty sweet theme song.
Hell na I don't want to #kickit, #hangout or #chill w/u. I kick it w/my peoples, my fam, my friends.Try askin a woman out on a #REALDATE. JS
Dear NFL Draft: If I wanted to watch 30 minutes where I already know where it's headed, I'd watch a Seinfeld rerun.
Hi, this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility. Please contact me at Thanks!
I'll make sure it's your favorite flavor! :D
I'm assuming you though i was talking about the Underoath thing, but I was actually talking about the free music :P
I have such a massive boner right now.
I’m coming straight for your heart I’m bringing light to the dark It’s gonna catch like a flame Everything’s about to change <3
so do you use mustard or ketchup on that type of infestation?:)
Headlines by Drake
Looking for #event space? MiamiShared's got you covered! Email for more info!
Thanks! We love the super-soft no-feel too!
while you're at it, it's the same here....lol
Anybody else thinking this is impossible? Just outrageously impossible?
got it. and got it :)
#HowCanYouExpect there to be food in the fridge after you just checked 5 minutes ago and it was empty lmao
Women aren't just a "special interest group" to be considered. They're over half the population.
i've never considered myself a speed demon until i moved to LA. you guys are maniacally sloow
I once had the opening song to "The Buggs Bunny Show" running in my head for a month. "...on with the show this is it"
I want a dog named Monkey.
Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith. -Henry Ward Beecher
you all fucking annoy me with your drama and it's gotten to the point where i would rather stick needles in my eyes than come on twitter.
so you are saying you are human
Him and no one else
Rehearsals for Our House have started!
at the mall (:
I wish I ordered one of your 6pack lunch boxes. I have to pack lunch for a 12 hour track meet for John & I
Definitely, DM us with an email address and we'll be in touch :)
Who all came out to the show Saturday hosted by !? What did you think? Favorites?
lol i know, now they get smart. -___-
O___O it's my birthday
HEY DONT GIVE UP :)
Hahah well starting Tuesday, you'll be seeing a lot of me at your casa. Don't get too excited!
My computer and I have reached our capacity. Time to unload and refresh!
I want Pizza, Breadsticks and Minute Maid Canberry Apple Raspberry juice
There's a Hello Kitty-themed hospital in Taiwan.
"Who's planing Mike Kelley retrospective? Nothing launches an artist into the cannon like suicide." "It is the ultimate artistic...thing."
I lost all respect for ihop...
Dont feel like going to school
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 27
I just noticed my iPod got scratched when I dropped it in the morning 😠😡👿💔
I'm in impressive company for my presentation at Javits Center on June 12 @ 6:20pm on Healthcare in the Cloud
I guess a 30 minute nap is helpful :D
Hopin' my man BUCH is tearin' it up for the "Yays and Nays" of the Guitar Endorsement World.
& I are SO BUMMED we are not at #SourceCon. Show us both some #sourcecon love need good notes/tweets!
I hope we're all feeling better by Christmas, it's been a yucky week
Wishing my apt building had an elevator right about now
bella cant you follow me please.
Amazing PAID summer #internship opp @ Universal McCann SF - Knowledge Management/Innovation. Please RT & DM me for details!
Interesting comment from that they r looking @ buying SR125 toll road. Didn't know it was in bankruptcy.
Kimmel: "To me Ron Paul looks like the same guy who's unhooded at the end of every Scooby Doo episode"
Create your own topical directory about your field of interest
Another reason for the D3 model across the board. D3 allows the student-athlete to self-release.
Falsehood always has a powerful verve in the minds of those who do not possess the facts!
Welcome, Sia! Glad you could make it!
Writing a Prayer for Financial Healing today (('cause don't most of us need a little financial healing!)
Listening to "Dance With Me Tonight" in my car, and the car next to me starting dancing to it and gave me a thumbs up.
You're most welcome darling.
actually I think scala is included in the functional languages meetup that hasnt meet due to no one proposing time & place
QPR should be happy to give us corners, we never do anything with them
I want an android this time.
can I ask you guys a personal question?
haha you'll sleep like a baby
Ha, thinks I know a lot about "White People." Fantastic, my plan is working to perfection...
Jus ready for that day...
10-13 feet predicted by Surfrider site tomorrow a.m. at La Jolla Shores of all places. You there?
#coffee...the Great Elixir!
Yes, it's for Octoberfest... will be changing soon. PS-We've had Pliney The Elder, we just don't have it right now. Stay Tuned.
Anyone want a free $30 of store credit to #DTD? Retweet this and follow for your chance to win!
Thanks for following back. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe.
You guys are putting out a vinyl? Also, who is engineering?
You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do. Olin Miller
1 MIN LEFT
I bought nexus gear homie not corre stuff
Sitting here trying to think of some shit to type
dont hate. I'm not a fan, but dont be a hater!
I want my future boyfriend to name a star after me..omfg that's so cute<3
Hell yeah!!!
Good point. Didn't realize that. Even more reason to end it quickly.
yourweekleydose haha no, that would have been pretty awesome to inherit a beer pong table though.
That seems like a crazy marketing scheme.
another sunny day in San Diego
Come on Horford, you're better than that
thx for the follow, we're working furiously on the next great Cloud App Platform for building enterprise cloud apps quicly & easily
Broke up With my girl last night so I went to the club
wasup you are cute
I'm so territorial when it comes to someone I care about
Just got a car for an early birthday present. Not a cool car but its a car :D Can't use it ti'll i get a permit though :L
Andre with the spin cycle
I'm great. Acting. So is my brother. Have I not seen you since the Jr. Formal when you went with my sister? haha How are you?
heyy can u send me a downloadable link for that beat u sent mee??
S/o too iloveya name :)
Don't feel like being in the house😔😔
www.jw-imports.com - specializing in South African wine imports! Yum!
#MomentWhen you Do stuff for you and nobody else =)
Damn you, free lunch and delicious-looking pastries. Don't you know I can't eat you this week?
Need hair models!!! send natural hair pics to deadline march 30
YOU are #bananas ! see you at five ;)
Ah! one of those days..this slipped right by me...next time!
not a chance
"Live in your strength." - My "Yogi" tea bag quote.
RT Happy birthday ! Good luck at the !!
Anticipating #EPIC leg workout in the a. m.
okay, thats cool.! :)
Playoff time lets goo
my phone sucks. by the time the call id shows who's calling they already hung up smh
why would you ever want to change the rules? everything everyone has ever worked for has gone to waste..
sampling tomorrow night 7PM! Featuring Brad, Riverwest, New Grist, Fixed Gear, IPA & Bridge Burner!
RT : RT : "General Washington & President Lincoln" appear at St. Paul's N.H.S., Sat., Feb. 11, noon-4PM...
i did, so you better.
once u get a grasp on wut life is really all about... living it won't be as hard...
Hey your personal #drupalcon sponsor slide was just up
I can meet with you at 1:30 today. if that won't work, email me three times that work this week.
A peek behind the food scenes at the New Orleans Jazz Festival
I'm on an unsubscribing rampage. The ticketmaster email sent me over the edge.
haha I like that songs
Happy Cinco de Mayo to my familia!
Rivers is a beast, this chargers game is great.
Harrison Ford sighting in #DC yesterday
Just informed the TSA that the radiation from their body scanners makes me turn into #theIncredibleHulk. That didn't go over too well. :D
Very cool. I travel down to the city every other month or so. I'll probably be going sometime soon. I'll keep you posted.
hold down the power button and the home button together for like 10 seconds
We want to know your favorite new hairstyle! Feel free to post your favorite on our wall!
Our Hero just wants to be your food buddy, Noah.
Rodgers, times have changed. I'm clearly biased but Brady's lost a step, it's all Rodgers now.
My coworkers are a lil concerned I wore my hockey mask to lunch on this Friday the 13th
I ask for water and I get another PBR... LMFAO
please teach Brock a lesson! Hes a total jerk! My 7 year old nephew is ur biggest fan and hes gonna be rooting for you tonight!
destination: reached.
S/O To :) #TeamBeautiful Watching Your Grandma's Video On Facebook Lls! But I Miss You ♥
THE BANJO is silent tonight: RIP Earl Scruggs. Thank you for sharing your many gifts.
freakin I'm tryna retweet yo stuff and it won't even let me!
We gotta Power...!!!
Just walked into Hollister and immediately remembered why I've never been in one before.
Had a Nice Day Today. Idk Why It Seem Like I Only Get On Twitter At Night.
Will you be at CIL again tomorrow? and I will be there and would love to say "hi" and share some news
Its been a long night of praying and miracles..time to rest.
hey so um you are P E R F E C T ♥ . NO MATTER WHAT EVERYONE SAYS!!!! kbyee (: oh & ilove u . ♥'
I should've skipped school
I love your attitude Mocha
To all who are and have served in the US Armed Forces, your courage motivates us. Thank you.
Glad you all enjoyed the event last night. Hope to see you again soon!
Check out our newest photo album on #facebook at www.facebook.com/crzroadtrip! We had a great time on our trip to #Auburn!
I agree about show! I love her!
RT @ neenjames #NSA -nj it was nice meeting you.
Making a dent
Paula Deen is still my favorite cook! m....everything in moderation
Another #snow day! I wish I was still in school in #Philadelphia! Today's clue is coming after noon, tomorrow is #prize day yay!
Are you an entrepreneur in Milwaukee? Join us tmrw at 7:30p on the roof of !!!
free mini cupcake?!? I'm so there!
What a game!
Not in the greatest mood ..
Great day for the Austin Food & Wine festival! Looking forward to mingling with some great chefs and sampling their works.
:)) your welcome but its a cool Avii
Studying for Romeo & Juliet...
On my way to the gym get my work out on!! Check out my facebook page handmade hair accessory!
I never stay up this late on a school night 😳
pretty sure I saw you at Potbelly, I work there! How was it?
Mark Reynolds has more home runs than Albert Pujols this season. Eat that.
I only lie when I need to keep our love secret. <3
leggo I need the friday flyer up ASAP... let's get a phone conference going.
I'd probably hope that my automated job search email from Monster, Careerbuilder, Indeed, etc. would pick it up.
Headed to the cowboys game!
Every time I log onto twitter Nick crazy ass talking bout something lol
It never fails there is always a weird person at the laundry mat when I go. Thank goodness I don't have to come here often.
i wish hockey had more exposure too. But nascar is a huge sport. Big time $. Nascar blows out hockey. Golf is a trillion $ industry
Fuckin mad nigga in this school don't no how to stop fukin with people cuz they don't hve shit else to do
New Music Coming! Yessir!!!
i would do anything to sleep for 1 more hour... i got 3 hours of sleep last night.
tell me how it goes
