I like how this is, Slow nothing rushed.
Awesome! TY RT “: So many lovely things at #QBM11. We're definitely applying for the next market! Thanks !
18 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
Sully would still hit that, lol.
Ugh why was Patton pitching to 3 straight righties anyway?
Who wants the 2nd episode of Matt Moore Podcast this weekend?!
Jeff, congrats on your winning piece in the Cincy Library contest!
yes it was -.- dood I got sun burnt haha
ya it is crazy!!! I will send you a sneak peak.
Best pee ever
"Youth To The Core" will be ready for your kids/athletes at your location anywhere in the country starting January 1, 2011!!! Ask us how!
Jeydon Wale follow me c; I love you <3
What about the democrats regarding Bill Maher -- does that bother you as well? I'm bothered by it?
Colorado AG questions constitutionality of panel to aid Lower North Fork wildfire victims
OH thank you so much!!!!!!
That made my day 😊
PERFECT day for #HairFlowers :-)
Damn Zombie Sonics
Saw "The Artist" tonite. Loved it. What's your Best Picture pick?
This example is 10 rules and only had 10 slides and were consistent look. 60 minute webinar spoke 10 minutes per webinar
": Right now would be the perfect time to bring in Arshavin for Oxlade-Chamberlain."<--- ha, so true
" But they worked for their money, thats not legitimate - I mean....wait..." 's got it.
ALZM .0155 up looking strong for the AM...
Please take a minute to "like" ICE LLC on facebook: www.facebook.com/engagingart
The great man is he who does not lose his child's heart
mmmmhmmmm. I want to save my boobies.
Students should not just be knowledgeable. They need to be knowledge-able. Teachers need to inspire wonder.
Yes...it's like a drug to this newsjunkie lol Whos this - I dont recognize SyriaS_Son name? :>
sometimes candles and zen music ie waterfalls, fountains, or rain sounds help a lot. :)
Must fight temptation to include 'hater do horse-themed movies' to my twitter bio
He is one of my boyfriends friends...??
Holy God the creepiest old man ever just started hitting on me. I hate my job sometimes.
It's all a negotiation. Just as it was in Minnesota.
Come on Dana
RT : Bill Gates describes Khan’s videos as “unbelievable 15-minute tutorials” and says his own kids use them.
Off to la crosse!
They don't understand what you mean to me .. If I loss friends because of you they went my friend in the first place
Apparently we were supposed to have a sketch book for art...woops, looks like im failing Art I
God hates farts.
“ RT : #Leo Turn-OFF'S: Leos cannot tolerate those who constantly or repeatedly attempt to upstage them.”
Please tweet for more info on the tickets or email me at if you want to buy the tickets.
Hating the same things is key to an amazing boss/employee relationship. I'm lucky.
omg, what is wrong with you?!?! feel better
I'm about to just relax and call it a night and get up for and chill with for mothers day!
Find #donors, not #donations. Share your vision & impact & $$$ will follow.
Yo had anyone seen ? Or did he put his life on private too???
#FavoriteLyricOfAllTime "I'll take seven mc's, put'em n a line. Add 7 mo brothas who think they can rhyme. It'll take 7 more b4 I go
Crying in the movie theater
having friends over for a sleep over so we can talk about our trip to paris so fun :)
Why can't we just be together already?!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Ofek Belkin ⁰Rising 10th ⁰San Antonio, TX ⁰Travel Team: El Paso Heat ⁰Shooting Guard 5’11
Whats your job....coffin stuffer..yours?
We Marylanders love Milan Brown. He did a nice job at Mt. St Mary's. Took them to the tourney. He'll do well there.
I vote for a Fusco and Carter spinoff from this show.
Yes!! Love it :) RE: thank you for following me! #SMPP is already bringing great, creative people together!
Thanks mister!
we just left Brothers
chola your fat
woke up early and choreographed combo full out at 8 am. casual.
that would only have been ok if you weren't seriously injured & only ok because then she'd be in trouble
Just saw Space Shuttle Discovery fly over Greenbelt, MD
Have you ever wished a hot bubble bath with candles and calgon could take your memories away..
without i dont know if i could still watch the showhe like makes the picture perfect
Low quality, overpriced sushi and fake me out "korean bbq" makes me angry.
happy birthday Laura!
Care for some tapas, cocktails and picadas? Search no more! Happy hour is about to start! Enjoy them all for $5 from 5pm to 8pm!
stop being someone who you arent for Fsakes god
thanks for the note. Sorry I missed it, hope it went well.
settle down, internetz: BON JOVI IS ALIVE! HE'S ALIVE!!!
well the only game they legitimately lost was against Syracuse and they were leading for most of it. #bearcats>hoyas
......And that someone wasn't me, which made me glad that others are tuned into this issue.
have a great race !
Yu thinking what I'm thinking?
it's about time I get out if this bed
Nope. Allow presentism to save and allow the present to be your haven. Then live. To all of my follower but more importantly those I follow
I wonder if you would be my best friend. I would love that. You're amazing. Your the reason why I started acting and I love it.
you think that you know me, know me
Nike town :))
Shit is far from over...
Hey beauty queen have a great weekend xoxo
Every time I write about Wikipedia, people tell me I'm a fool for not understanding what a cesspool of idiocy it is. Thanks for the help!
Having my Ketel then off to for #fflv! Buy art from local artists-it will make you happy!
RT : Want to help w/NOCC awareness events? Volunteer training & refresher on #ovariancancer facts on 8/15. Contact us for info.
Breakfast was bomb>
I like about music and about sound art that the terms can mean different things in different contexts
I saw your excessive project on reddit, sweet
K. Frey is up for my only wager at Parx today #vitedecreto R4
Just as J. Hilton discusses fragility about e-content - presenation goes dark.
Who would have known that a few packs of #stickynotes would unite a whole town? If only we could band together w/such force to end
Yes! that would be great. Are you in town Mon-Tues? It looks like that may work for
22 more days till #SUMMER <3
i hope you feel better
Man, if you think I'm not getting paid, you're higher than a damn kite. I'll probably get more than your entire team.
gah monday . blah
Did anyone do the 2nd essay in religion
thanks so much! Very excited, nervous too. Hope all is well for you!
Now you're talkin' hey you should join our sex cult if you think disco worms are scary!
Congrats!! That's awesome. :) Friday the 13th is lucky for me too (mostly growing up, but I've always liked it, anyway).
its hard to explain , im so into you .
"There is no limit to the power of loving." ~ John Morton
hope your day fucking sucks :p
A good idea!
thanks for the #FF :)
Did the #P90X legs and back workout. Did #AbRipperX as well. Think I will do the core synergistics workout tomorrow.
And our adventure to getting pop starts now
Making music at with & 9:30-midnight. Don't miss it!
very content!
will be here in a few mins to work with our #homeless community members about legal problems they face. Thx guys!
Apparently there's gonna be one all week? ?
:) After the broken toe, nothing weirds me out anymore. That thing was freaky!
See how the Husker women pulled off the upset at Purdue tonight at 10 #Huskers, #KETV,
You pull those out of your fishtank?
Good morning tweeps- the City of Milw just declared a snow emergency so you'd better move those cars! :)
#Wooster: Don't miss Russ Castronovo's lecture, "Ben Franklin, Propaganda, and Wikileaks" tomorrow, Thur. the 3rd, 7:30 pm, Severance 09
I would skip starts occasionally and use Lannan so he's available down the stretch personally
Curb Your Enthusiasm finale was kinda meh. Julia Louis-Dreyfus seemed annoyed abt her unfort. subplot. Drink glass table rings. Hm.
Retty told me when you got Titi.
#Celtics played... #sixers didn't show up in Philly
#SWMadison is an intense 54 hour weekend event. What did you give up to participate? #Sacrifice4Success cc
Glad to hear you enjoyed "I Surrender!"
The earthquake will not stop me from shopping! Heading to CC Macy's with a mission:)
I turned on my car..& without changing the station or anything #callmemaybe comes on immediately! Something would appreciate!
I am now with
bro you have swag for days... enough said.
good day please?!
Jessica Hardy's third home run of the day scores 3 and makes it 26-0! We are CC!
so happy it worked out!
If you dont like my tattoo, F**K YOU!!!
Hm. Cage vs Copland?
Trying to decide where to set up camp for supermoon pix later tonight. Does anyone else have a good spot? Or ideas?
hey pll you have to follow shes the best
www.theouterspacemen.com You have to read this graphic novel. What a fantastic journey.
Thanks for adding me to your daily, Cheryl. Hope your day is a good one. :)
I try D: lmfaooo. Then I start thinking about funny shit that's happened and I start laughing. :c
Regreting that cereal.i already ate so much today.why cant I just not eat why is it so fucking hard.
Hey old man, #Burma don't exist no more. Perhaps a better hashtag would be
Happy Monday!!!!
Because I hate it here and it's amazing there xD
Take your life in your own hands and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame. -Erica Jong
It sure is nice looking at a full patio!!!
no. Sadly, The case is still unsolved. Her mom has since died, her dad remarried, her brother finished college and her dad
I pull up and let go like my first initial.
holy shit not this again lmfaoo i still need to name him :O
I'm the worst dog parent ever. Prior to reading your tweet I gave my dog a taste of guacamole- Avocado, onion and tomato woopsie
Foreclosed Americans find way back to homeownership
“: boarding soon??” yes
I have awoken early and decided to spend the bulk of today contemplating why a raven is indeed like a writing-desk. - Trog
yeah no kidding....
Investors Increase Bets for $250 Oil on Saudi Disruption Fears
got a opening day bucco ticket with your name on it
Fucking locker juice
Hi JM-G All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Many thanks to my friend Manpreet Ahuja Visual Solutions for some help with adjusting some skintones!
#Brangelina - oh - but wait - does everyone have the right to marry now???!!!!
The new song is coming out great! Can't wait to release it for everyone :) let's get us some more likes and follows!!!
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions. - Alfred Adler
No fail pork taco recipe: rub a bone in pork butt with salt,pepper and garlic. Roast at 250 for 8 hours uncovered. Serve w/salsa and onion.
shout to cop top family !!
RT who waNts a text ?(:
How can 1 stadium here stink to High Heaven & just a few blocks away they make the Playoffs a regular event?? Answer: ownership!
ROYCE ON BASKETBALL WIVES IS A DUCK. SHE HAD DWIGHT HOWARD BABY, & HE PUT A RESTRAINING ORDER ON HER
I really fucking hate like guys.
When teams meet with players for 6-8 hours, what can you possibly say? I can't imagine talking to Jeff Ireland for 20 minutes.
“: Ladies::Your TRUE friends will be like a good bra,, close to ur heart & there for support #friendship”
Need help with your tailgate party downtown? We can help....And we'll deliver!! (it'll cost you a beer!)
high school basketball's Evan Bingham (6-foot-6 senior) has decided to attend and play at Hanover College next year.
Pollen count is rising! Currently it's 5.60 in San Antonio, Texas (United States)
Trying out Windows 8 Beta. I don't know what to think yet.
Meade County Animal Control officers are a couple of assholes!
FedEx delivered my iPhone 4 preorder yesterday! Been rockin' it for about 24 hours now and love it!
Lmao he fat as hell
lol hes not bad in this one
I'll be uploading another original in the next few weeks :)
So true. No other options, not with the City. Problem is with the weighted vote, similar to the hotel tax.
What is wrong with my twitter and what is going on with ?? I knew I shouldnt go swimming
"I have more of my 20's gone than I have left"
I forget... does Suppan have to throw 6 shutout innings vs. #Brewers or 7 before Milwaukee falls into the lake?
And yea we didn't understand, but we never got kidnapped or hit by a car either.
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work. -Emile Zola
Watching Star Trek, The Wrath of Khan :)
Start where you are!
Not use to being at work this early
Maybe a long night because I napped for a good few hours. What to do. What to do.
lol that sucks.. Yaya and tevez gonna take over
“: A part of me wants to be with you, and another part of me says I'm over you. I'm just torn in between the two.”
if the girl nxt to me got a fat ass i might give her my number!!
wat up asia
"every time I turn the corner I get a little bit smarter." -Nic about the driversselect employee library
City Council has been more fiscally conservative than Mayor Bing. I urge him to partner with us to repair #Detroit's finances.
I think I am the only person in the world that doesn't like Jersey Shore
I think we should look into getting some #carefree bumper stickers.
The things we regret the most are things weve never done
Buffalo Bills won? Really? Holy crap miracles do happen!!
Preach it! Preach it, my brotha!
We'll have a Kinect party!
#NFAIS First up Brian O'Leary. mobile context, global trends, options for content, implications for content providers and managers.
apparently a lot better than me!
cuddled up in bed on this cold and rainy night and starting the shades of grey series. ohh man, this should be interesting.
loved the FOT on FB. Couldn't agree more.
Doesn't surprise me!
3rd day in a row. All I'm listening to is #MichaelJackson I'm getting ready to do something big.
ok dat was a total fail lmao..maybe next time and least we got free drinks!
yea i thank so
Us too! Batten down the hatches and then, down the hatch! RT : major freaked. and now drinking....
Ur, that doesn't sound like cheese lol. “: Hey Chef what... is ur fav cheese to smoke ?” Maui gold!”
Just realized I could legitimately tell people I've only hit one less homer than Albert Pujols so far this year.
Home •••sleepy... race to grace setup in that morn' °_°
Another thing I loved about the book: All the Wisconsin ballers that make cameos: Alex Compton and Quemont Greer.
dance party at mine, but its true. Oh, no!
Yeah friday
Thanks for the follow. I'm really looking forward to reading Pursued, just my kind of book.
no we dont. hockey is played on ice, not snow RT : How can MN be the "State of Hockey", and have no snow?
p.s I dont have herpes just the flu...wich is as painful I bet
I bought some cute little splits of a good red just for this occasion.
we have broken up.
Watching Law and Order old-school. dun dun
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-46
Great to see you at First Kick, ! love love love the hair. And #crew96. :)
I wish would get up & make me a grilled cheese PLEASE.
Anyone know why they still call them "Record" Labels when it's all about CD's and mp3's now? Just askin'.
hah! For all the times I've been to Chicago, I still haven't seen the house..
it's my birthday 
What's you pre-super bowl work going to be?
um ok some one is fried lol
and i know a majority of guys in muscle mags are on roids, its obv how one's muscles look on steroids, its ugly. #natural >>
Haha yes. Definitely. Every girl needs to be prepared!
RT If I was smarter I'd make my social network passwords impossible to type when drunk.
The Live song, or what's actually happening in Melbourne ATM?
Pretty much sums us up. "Open fight night makes Tna look so "Bush League"so an indy wrestler who nobody knows”
Hey I love you :)
If you don't like the Memphis Grizzlies you suck at liking sports.
Thanks for RTing this out to your network. We hope #WWJF finale went smashingly, the Sweethearts was fantastic.
Come in for late night dining. Pizza available on Friday and Saturday until 1:00am.
He that would be a leader must also be a bridge
“: #ListOfTurnOns bums” there's plenty downtown?
The Beach Boys. The SMiLE Sessions. O joyous day!
I can't watch anymore Montreal games, so I'm watching vampire diaries.
hahahaha I hate it when that happens! Lol
forget the music scene, stick around till Saturday and check out a game!
Pierced Zebra is so pleased to welcome Hilary to the team. Woot woot for the sassy gaggle forming at PZ headquarters!
what color did you get?
do you like godsmack?
Facing foreclosure and cant sell fast enough? Call me to handle the bank for you. I can help you like I have helped others.
I got court on Friday if all goes well then I will get them document to u by the weekend
ok thank u!
hoping for more discussion
Not here. Not now. Liz isn't here to save me.
not an intern. a veteran.
in a Beatles kind of mood
Personally, when it comes to David ~ GOP ~ Gregory, I Delete the Press.
Bears still have plenty of cap room to spend and once free agency ends, Forte will get a long-term contract. Colts need ALOH
#KeyMarkX4 class - Q4: What # should the pin stack (all the pins within a chamber) add up to when using the A2 pinning specification?
ATL ... another tough loss for Pacers.
it's probably deeper than yours! Id agree its pretty hott! Haha
Lol I Don't Do Drugs Im Not Interested In Whatt Youu Have To Say !!
Can't wait to get the hell off.....
5 months <3 I never in my life thought I would ever be so happy...he is my best friend but I miss the people who were there before him... :/
Movie recommendation is the Austrailian Outback horror "Wolf Creek"
where my 20 racks at?
ur welcome! Xo💗
CHECK DMS! Got your pack today!
Nice work, man!
lol are you watchin deliver us from Eva? lol
thank you Lauren! Yours were yummy too!!! They didn't last long :-)
Off to get my hair done for the runway show tomorrow!!
Just recorded an interview with We talked musical history, & about her new album, Children of a Factory Nation coming in Sept.
Workout complete... Now let the weekend begin!
I'm sorry. I really don't. I think he's good.position? No clue. I hear, from my son, that he's on the Jets now.
Me too... it is one of my favs. - I come and see whats going on every now and then. Might now tweet, but I am here ;)
Let this day be a blessed day
TONIGHT 6:00 pm-- Higgins 310 Feministing Panel! Two editors of Feministing.com, will speak on feminism. IT'S GOING TO BE A FABULOUS EVENT!
Troubles and problems are only a reflection of your strength, you are only as big as the obstacles you overcome.
Thanks for the tweet! Great working with you all! See you for a bike soon!
Yo can you DM me your email, I want to hit you up about something
Hey how is it goin my twitter sister.
WAS IT FOR AWH
Someone stole guitars from Tom Petty and took them, 'into the great wide open'.
Nervous habits will be the death of me. Either I die of embarrassment or of a finger bleed. Well you have to die of something
needs to be held accountable for his reckless tweets destroying an old couple's life.
#YouKnowYoureInLove when you leave your boyfriend's house and miss him as soon as you step out the door.
But that's the thing, its ur opinion & ur entitled to it BUT that doesn't mean I'm wrong. Twitter is not my life, just an ext. of it
I really don't. That's the sad part, I'm turning cold as ice...
A Walk To Remember is by far my favorite romantic movie.
We are trying to, it would help if we were at the beach like you. :) But have a great day and we enjoy your amazing posts!
no he doesnt ur just saying that cuz u know i like christian <3
Way to go axman!
I agree completely but Bibby is the only true PG left. Douglas (is awful), Smith, and Shump (out) were all combo guards.
So, we are already into the new year and we want to know how many of you have a "Go to Anna Maria Island" category on your resolution list?
Don't know how people live in big cities
Last final today. Yeah. Then school's out. And everyone should text me about hanging out and shit.
Recently heard "The last valentine I got said thank you for not murdering me in my sleep"
- not available on mobile? So sad! I feel like I'm really missing out on this one!
maybe carpenter shouldn't start talking shit!!
The name Gabriella doesn't fit me. -.-'
The older and wiser girl becomes, the harder she marry her husband
I know are u coming tomorrow
Harden is even learning the Ginobili flops too
I'm going to be cutting hair at tomorrow!
A virtual ~wave~ to all at the Social Media Forum.
Just heard Driicky Graham for the first time. Im impressed, he went stupid ham. #snapbacks&tattoos
I like watching Phil and his minions looking for his ball. I need to start taking my minions to the course with me.
I WIL:L BE THERE IN JUNE CAINT WAIT TO MEET U
Don't ever overlook your most powerful resource...your customer. Give something away...everyday, it will come back to you 10 fold.
because he was with Chicano andd i was at your trackmeet soo id pick yall over something thats not going anywhere any dayy :D
nice . Very nice
Regarding Following... We need to wait for the county's Social Media Policy to be formally approved. Then we can follow you :-)
"The ship may get ruined, but youre going to land exactly where He wants you."Loving this Acts27 study w/
TV Redheads
Churchill would not eat his food, until I moved eight kibbles into a new bowl. Suddenly, and irresistibly, a tasty feast.
Always a good time Bill!
You got that $300 for some shoes but when she ask for that child support money you be lookin at her like 0____O
“I'm digging up my yard this weekend!!! ": 85% of the Earth still has GOLD underneath it.”
75-80 degrees is ideal for me like here in VA right now
kid next to me in class is legit playing a gameboy. didn't know they were still making those....
nah bro she's got this!
Looking forward to this evening's #wvgov Q&A at #WVU at 7:30pm, Business & Econ Bldg, room 230. Hope you can join us!
I'm fuckin amazing with tumblr
Hope you guys are having fun at Coachella!
You pretty much said that I don't matter... I'm sorry....
You meeting any of "The Boys" there?
Torrential hail storm on WKY PKY near Dawson Springs. Strong winds with circular motion. Trigg County students to storm shelter.
ALMOST dub but with actual crazy talent. Kinda bluesy/jazzy with drops behind it. Amazing
RT Lofpre & will be accepting music submissions of all genres for The Shuffled Hustle II by soundtrack, get ready.
I hope to meet you Monday night at the Helen Hayes Awards in Washington, DC! I missed getting my script into Jameson by 30 min.
we got some dope things in the works rite now, seriously.
RT : We have three episodes of 's "Stories from the Edge" podcast up on the Mulholland site today....
Beyond scared straight on A&E is real sh#t for you dum niggas out there actin foolish..get cha minds rite n start livin smart b4 its to late
You're welcome!
so many tweets. i'm dying.
okay you pick a time and I will let you know of its a good time for me
How're you enjoying the Big Apple there, young fella?
might go Saturday night...after a dinner with Megan's grandparents.
Beleive nothing you hear and only half of what you see.
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together.
I've learned not to makea lot of this stuff personal. A lot things in the game are politics. Not talent based. What can u do but go hard?
Watching his videos on Youtube. It makes me smile. :D <33 love you
I cannot take all the credit. Callin' Oates was brought to my attn by
.. Lol do some crunches
He is always in debt to the jar!
This better mean that Joan and Roger get back together...
I got my #1GirlTour tickets yesterday! Im so excited to see again! ;)
you can find anything on project free tv
Don't buy a gun. Guy shot himself on 's show, so don't buy guns. Also never buy me a lighter. Trust me, never.
he loves all :) not kidding
Spoke to new Florida lawyers at 5th Dca swearing in today: main message was it takes a village to succeed. Take good care of your village
Double Duty!! FB & Twitter at once!!
Avoid going to the mall! here is a great christmas gift for harley owner. www.darksideshields.com
I love the Murrays... RT : Morning run with the family!! So much to be thankful for.
yeah sometimes ^.^
please follow me:)
I hate north Penn. Tech school for life <3
1st day back in vegas. I definitely miss L.A already but i'm planning on returning very soon!
Just when you start to grow weary of narrative style, Mark Haddon throws a curveball at you
long time no see! How you been?
If I'm late for a lesson with Mildred because of these damn buses...
Lotsa hugs. Hope you get answers soon.
On the way to , perfect day for some
There is nothing in the world like a persuasive speech to fuddle the mental apparatus. M.Twain / Be careful who you listen to.
Heck yes! 9 minute party!!?(:
“: nails...sometimes in my way...?” yes! True story!
analingus never hurt no one, bro!
RT : Internship Tip: Before the internship starts make a list of your learning objectives. What do YOU want out of the opp?
RT Women age 15-44 are at greater risk of rape or domestic violence than cancer, traffic accidents or malaria
Love that "BYOBiz" :)
I'm afraid I'll be seeing her in my very bad dreams.
Sometimes you have to take a step back to move forward.
Slowly moving on from the huge loss today. But these past three days have been pretty epic.
#2day n its Friday ;))
I might just have to put a ring on you
No matter what is going on outside of you, it's what's going on inside of you that really counts
umm really? J. S.Bach-"All one has to do is hit the right keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself."
Just enjoyed my breakfast treat for free. Loves it! And even better, no line!
These injuries have to stop. Both teams.
lol yeah :) its been a rough year I can't wait to get out a little
lost 4 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 7 pounds so far.
TOMLINSONS BUM, IT'S QUITE NICE.
And great members too:) RT the Downtown Y! Great Group fitness classes & instructors!
Can we please take a second to follow my true best friend, Hannah? We have so many unfinished projects its cray cray! FOLLOW
all is quiet on the #cockyandbitter front
up and running!
you been single tho !
My abdominal section is quite sore. It hurts to do just about anything.
The Sleeper Pick is less than 200 away from 11K twitter followers! spread the word soldiers! x
Q: When do you plan to take your kids to see santa? Enter our photo contest...
I <3 & they are having a tasting in my apt building!
I found it odd, unless there's something were not seeing....
Harper it's an arrogant asshole and it was coming to him
Nice time!! RT : NYRR Joe Kleinerman 10k was held in Central Park today. Anh finished with an unofficial PR time of 45:49
I'm there..
Lol yes we do! I love you too!
Me either! I remember when hubby first started watching & was finding something else to do, he asked to watch one & I got hooked :)
2nd day of being battered by a nasty cold, can hardly move but somehow am caring for 2 little ones, both of them teething. Lord help me!
Good Morning Colorado!
I freaking LOVE baseball season!!!!!!!!!
Well apparently they're the most efficient offense this season so they have to be doing something right.
RT : Life lessons from Rich Wakile, “You can’t go into business thinking ‘I’m gonna start cheating from day one’”...
sounds lovely! link please?
That nigga was coo up here... Then he moved back to his hometown
Thanks for confirming I'm not the only one who notices these things. Crazy we were watching CNN for this!
Why can't it be Friday?! ):
where the Dallas Girls at
are you guyz going to Canada? How about coming to Vegas too :D
Ever since spring break, I can't get into the rhythm of sleep early like I use to. Seriously, #Wth #Ridiculous #Fml #JustWhyyy >.<
I did notice that just before..RT : How can you not? Their promoted tweet is at the top of my page right now
Hi Twitter. You moved my cheese. Again.
Ma heart heart i cant deal wit it i dnt want it to b like dis i worked so hard for dis i put ma heart n soul n dis n i got to let go
“: I'm married to the streets, This is my recital right? So I got the phantom drop dressed up bridal white”
What u doing tomorroe
The problem with the #Cardinals is that with matheny as manager they are going to do better than expected
Just spent about 5 minutes with some geese in my neighborhood...they do NOT care for the very scary green laser!!!
If I'm with you, and I say that I love you, you're the only girl that it holds true for.
say juggie I need your numba big brotha I got sum business for ya
but mostly upper 60s all day.
I don't do well with strangers. I would seek out friends. ;)
Alright #Canada Bound w/ ... might have to strap him on the roof to make room for my CD's, #guitars, and dutyfree #beer lol
how many?
Your music puts me in a good mood. So thank you.
Can Going Without Money Hurt the Economy? One Man&#39;s Quest to Be Penniless
Happiest of anniversaries to you and your beautiful bride.
LEXG will continue to be pumped all week..Moving Up!
For the next 11 hours swing by Wahoo's Fish Taco and get the deal shown here: Deja Vu?! FREE Food @ Wahoo's!
Again, why do we think that Gallardo is our ace?
Nice Connection, yep..thanks. Enjoy a great day.
Well, maybe 1 or 2 for the project would count toward someone's personal total *if* they were directly relevant.
Last Sunday, at the end of church, Jeanne Smith had this message to deliver regarding an Advent Covenant- Prayer is a habit, not a gift.
I'm doing a LinkedIn webinar right now!
yes. let me know if you want to stay with me in richmond the night before/after
What made you choose #Schoology?
#ThoughtDuringSchool ”I'm not like most girls”
I think I might won tillys best male pic they haven't posted winner yet
nice yoga pants where you get those? #yaman?
You bros watching this night racin?
oh, we'll that's good :-)
Its been a long day.
I am guessing it is this comment :-). Is that a good thing?
high street
Ok so I finally started watching Big Bang Theory and just laughed at a comic book joke. Sold.
I know kim got some thing coming I can feel it already!!
Well, Bama is a whole 'nother level.
good. You?
You bet!
not being able to get ahold of your boyfriend is one of the worst feelings.
First Look at Ashton Kutcher as Steve Jobs in Jobs
15. #Brewers 9 #Rockies 4 | Braun picks a good time / to break out of a big slump / future MVP?
#inhighscho was obsessed with me
She filled my life with happiness, I want that feeling back...
Check out some of my new photography at www.Faelai.Deviantart.com and www.Jpgmag.com/people/Faelai
Oh, Tiger just made back-to-back birdies? WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE TO SEE THAT CBS!
how much does that cost? And any ETA on Cloud Browse for Droid? And any chance of flash being fixed?
Quality over convenience. Design before default. Get in touch with your richer sense of experience. What's your higher standard?
"Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." - Paul Tournier.
my crazy brother, always adding to his never-ending list of injuries. Today? 5 stitches in his finger from throwing broken glass.
Thank you all for making my time on set such a joy!
Western Washington's Snowmageddon 2011 a bit disappointing for all the pre-storm hubub. Still, got to work from home and wear my dinopants.
This "I Support My City - Vol 04" is shaping up to be a dope ass project!!!
Awesome! Have him hit me up - keaton at AudioADD dot net
you don't have to be a top 100 or a top 50 or a "top 25" of anything for your content to have value
so i love the show #glamfairy but sometimes it just seems so scripted/acted.
Welcome to East
Does anyone else hate the overly saturated screen of the new iPad?
“: happy birthday bighead njoy and have fun”Thank You!!!
If game of thrones were real, and I were around during that time, I would have been killed before the first episode
and I'm at work. Lol.
I wanna get an Aztec Warrior tattoo
Did everybody enjoy Warped Tour yesterday @ Carson, CA? We had fun. Just a little sun burnt. :( Hope you guys had fun. <3
I follow!
Go get some Kava from Sean and tell him I said it was complimentary... it will chill out and relax you quick.
Are you at Sharing Historical Authority & wearing a green scarf?
Faithful girls are hard to find so I'm taking advantage of it while I have one!
ok long wait then lol
Yo girl yo girl she loves me. :) remix (lame moment)
My mother will never understand
Also a potential timely update to the classic GNR song "Night Train" I'M ON A CAIN TRAIN ! READY TO CRASH AND BURN, I NEVER LEARN
The Lord is my Shepherd; there is nothing I lack. - (Psalm 23:1)
Unpublished art critics! Apply for the £2,000 Frieze Writer's Prize 2012. Send 700 words to
“: Game day suit(check) hublot watch(check) beats by dre(check) reppn Miami's own Rick Ross on ipod(check). #Let's Go Heat”
So I'm officially the owner of 13th row tickets to the Big Time Rush and Cody Simpson concert for July 29th. Hell yeah.
Toss him my phone number while you're at it! Hope you're having a blast!
Haven't been on #twitter in a while! What is wrong with me!!!??? :/
Happy Hunger Games to me! Excited 2 see the movie 2night.
We kept playing the "what old show are they spoofing now" & "who is that gueststar" games. Good tweak of their 1st live show
Just one play away
Despite being cold and hard marble has been considered by many as the sign of luxury and beauty.
Mixing Post Sound for 3 episodes of "unLEASHED" today, sounds like dogs in Stereo!
"The Lord told me to tell you"RT : What churchy cliches get on your nerves? Lol
Joyce Twitterspam -- "hey there check out what critic Harold Bloom wrote about James Joyce's wife Nora ROLF LOL booio/6e"
follow back?
but contact then as make sure!! :)
AMAZING!!! Please do more!!:)
omg, I am sorry:(
You can put a smile on my face & you don't even realize it..
Natural disasters terrify the living shit out of me. Huge phobia.
how exciting! :D
Coyotes win. Two words mike smith
I love wifi on the train.
#sschat Hm, something to consider.
This day is going to be shitty !!
thank you! (:
Dj kashatl give a shot out to Bday girl Loren in VIP
Is it seriously #breakingnews that graduated from high school? Dear Lord.
Haha when I lick my ice cream cone my tounge ring leaves a perfect line through the icecream :)) tehe
I Hate You
In college I had a dream where I was shot with machine guns by 80s Cher and Madonna. I remember watching my body twitch.
If u go 2 my web page, I least like the Mutha Fuc'a!
almost lmfao. Im too pumped from the 'Always' promo
same here. Lol
Anyone have a hankering for the fried butter at the fair? Anyone tried it?
Blake Griffin, you are a beast.
"#BillClinton at #TomHarkin Steak Fry, dressed in jeans and blue workshirt" - record in American Archive!
awesome might have to snag me one now
Authentic Nike Tiempo Mystic IV Indoor Court SoccerFootball Shoes Review Authentic - soccer running shoes
well done, love!
Dreesen said he told Eric Pears he would one day be a Bronco.
OBAMA SCANDAL # ????? Conspiracy to KEEP JEREMIAH WRIGHT silent, OFFERING BRIBE !!!
I seriously can't wait to be away from some of the people at our high school.
Wine is bottled poetry. -Robert Louis Stevenson
did you win?!?
Hello Kelley and you will still be #MissWinning despite last night's game. :)
They're trying and the media is trying, but people everywhere are infiltrating the party and making sure he has enough delegates when the
Apparently big rule #2 in baking is- add eggs one at a time! cupcake class
Max just freaked out on Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk on the morning walk...he has a nose for politics
already followed :)
Catching up on today's news: Obama supports same sex marriage. In other news: water is wet and my breasts are fantastic.
Well that's the Euro's over with then, bring on the next manager and the world cup
Ricks Gets 25 Years For Starving Son And Denying Him Medical Attention content.postnewsgroup.com/?p=14877
no problem =)
Jacobson whistled for interference at 7:40 of the 1st. Ferris State headed on the PP.
on the toast, start off with a joke, nothing too revealing. Then go to something heart warming.
sometimes there's nothing to say, so silence is best answer.
he has less people to pass to than Lebron. Look at assists, I bet Lebron has more.
What is the toughest problem you face with your tools in your auto glass business?
So pumped I found my roommate!! 58 more days to go ☀ state!!
yeah they would
Hope everyone had a great July 4th weekend!!! Now back to making movies and living the dream!!!
I texted u, did u text back?
Take my pain and lock it in a box. I've got warrior in my blood; I was born to defend.
crazy people everywhere!!!!
Love what you're doing Enjoy & share 15% off medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER by 4/30.
Never grow a wishbone ... where your backbone ought to be. ~ Clementine Paddleford
. Has Heritage acknowledged that the problem is rising health care costs in general? #Medicare itself is not the issue.
Poll: Emacs vs Vim vs TextMate - and GO! (Context: I'm debating switching to Vim or Emacs, but can't make up my mind).
So I'm watching Jerry O'Connell on Live with Kelly & he is totally doing the hand thing like on 'Up All Night' last episode...LMAO!!!
I want, and shall get, an bracelet!(;
#np Modest Mouse
#Barcelona is like the Miami Heat without all the hatred
To the person who ships me books now: your predecessor boxed them in PERFECT alphabetical order. Just saying.
i can't believe someone had the audacity to burglarize Junior #Seau's home after he passed away. What happened to respect? >:(
EL OH EL WUUUTT??
How was everyone's holiday weekend?
good lord, i'm only half way through this cookie and I'm falling into a chocolate-induced coma. someone revive me for my 2:00
From your mouth 2 God's ears :) 4 Pak 2 survive & prosper, v must root out all these corrupt politicians.
Yeah, he's pretty sweet. Do you two have any animals?
yea it sucks never try it
Keep dancing. Happy day.
ahahahahahahhahaha 😁 Wait. Am I laughing or crying?
My kind of weather
I know that feeling!! Such a high during the concert, leaves you wanting more more more!!
I love you guys.
q bromar con el censor de mi
hm it seems like everything is perfectly fine, but yet something is still missingg..... :/
We're having a blast so far! Stop by 4047 N Milwaukee if you have a chance and say hi and/or participate!
Mixtapes and underground music is really what makes hip-hop when you think about it
Eatin me some chocalate frostin im so bored watin to go sum where
we think facebook! :)
got my bands on my braces my mouth is KILLING me!!!! :( please help
fbcd GETTING major VOLUME
when life hands you lemons make lemonade
REAL AMAZ'N On-Camera auditioning class w/Jamison Haase! The techniques & insights offer EXACT details needed to set U apart & BOOK ROLES!
I really wanna white g-shock.
Shes making backgrounds.. :)
I love going to Samuel French
The crisis of yesterday is the joke of tomorrow
... Really? Link please.
Wu-Tang is for the children
5 straight losses at home... maybe it's better we play a few on the road
14 per in. Dem at 46 over Rep at 43. GOP learns important lesson 2nite: Don't screw with Medicare.
There are more than we thought! #tnwic is sold out!
Thanks for the follow Greg and hope you're doing well. Hopefully we are the next big thing :) Take care.
Thanks for the follow Namaste!
Would you rather eat at a restaurant with 5 star food but 3 star service? or 5 star service and 3 star food? well....wht about hospitals
na it's all good :P
Echoed from P.J. Clarke's Sidecar via : Loving life with huffington post at pj clarke's
Steel Town Soul @ spin Bartini TONIGHT!! 9-midnight!! No cover.
“: awhh thanks sweetie! Luv ya! When are you heading back to Atl?”>>> left 2 hrs ago:(
I cant tell if your a boy or a girl by your pic... i hate it when that happens o.O
In Tennessee coaching #Agile teams and meeting some great people
Start by writing your own.
lmao it was the joke. never mind -_-
after what my friend just sent me.. i'm glad i don't own a vagina...
why do I have the feeling we are going to trade Iggy for Amare. Please tell me I am crazy!
I never use the same lessons from the last year. Each year I come up with better ideas.
TELL NONI I SAID HI ! dude fucking jaycut wouldnt work i was ready to stab myself BUT i did not ;)
Hard in da paint
Vegasinsideplayers.com has access to over 35 big limos in vegas. If ur in town and need a ride call or email us. Thank you for the support.
Its so windy.
The Proof is in the Positrons: Positive Electrons, Anti-particles. Go wikipedia that shit..or wait for me to blog about it. I probably will.
In CA we have a governor who understands reality, the plight/challenge of public educators.
I'm a strong supporter of local business, AND I am concerned that we will draw many more people to DC to take advantage of later bar hours.
toots. Tamara's here too
On set in Staten Island for tv show School Spirits - sorority girls & their ghost encounters. Freaky broke down house = no acting reqd.
I saw it its fuckin awesome
Follow and they support us lets support them people
standing along the rail beside gasoline alley, watching the cars getting pulled to their pits
Happy Birthday T$ <3
I've just learned that the station missed the deadline for submitting my series to the Emmys. Had I known, I would have done myself.
will do bro! My email crashed and was deleted the other day but I'll be making a new one soon and I'll get it to you.
can not be verified as the originator of posted content. User is under investigation for possible violations of copyright law.
RT : For more Waller Creek join us May 15 5pm for Meet Your Designers Night.
is that upon you or someone else?
Off to see a Weimaraner couch potato.
My book club just did the 1st book. We all thought it was good but not always well written. I think your work is much better!
that sucks. Sorry.
Just seen and spoke to the former and still Congressman Louis Stokes still a fixture in Cleveland ohio
In studio going in new music sounds great
- Get this - the cruise ship doc didn't know how to reduce it. They were thinking of flying me to Istanbul!
is this true?! RT : Fox 40 just reported the economic expert is advisor for city of Anaheim!!!!!
#SALUTE MYNIGGA!!! U changin the game wit this one here. FLAT OUT! Every track tho >>>
Cont. Words cannot describe how thankful we are to him.
gearing up for second day of
Right next to you.
Why do they almost never close the door in tv shows? Drives me crazy
Can love, really exist? Hm....
Eating sugar cookies that are hot & fresh out of the oven. Yum. The whole house suddenly smells like Christmas!
Hi Mark! Registering for the Social Media event, is the event at Cisco both days? I saw something about San Fran?
You just missed out! But thank you for responding!
I Love Liz Gillies Like Jade West Loves Scissors.
I was a part of the 2002 #Brewers when they went 56-106. I wanted to keep running from the stadium. What yr was that bad Mavs team?
This is one of warmest and prettiest Pittsburgh springs I can remember.
lol you sure are ;-)
Hopefully he peaks in 30 laps!!
Breakin Dawn on TV :D #IlovethisMovie!!!!!
Chandler Jones o NE per Schefter
zing......beautiful too!
haha! Bet it trumps that number
RT : "People will stare. Make it worth their while." -- Harry Winston. What about people will share, make THAT worth their time.
no? My thighs
Just got word will be on it's second press list, expanding our opportunities to see and review cinema for all.
follow Random shoutout cause she's came up in my connect thing and she's a cool chicky (Y)
SURRENDER NIGHT CLUB HAS LIL JON
let's train. Do it for
I wanna go to the movies today... My treat?
We like to follow those interested in food & drink in the Seattle area.
Nice! RT : I've had an awesome couple days spending time at the mha program ! Such a good program here.
Still Up.
Jaguars drafted a PUNTER high in the 3rd rd. Somewhere Butch Davis is smiling.
Just bought #Boyfriend on iTunes, The way he sings starting at the 2 minute mark makes my heart scream like a 14 yr old girl.
Attempting to clean your room is not easy with a three year old right behind you making the same mess you just cleaned up. Sigh.
I bet you already did!
Crazy busy at the circ desk!
There definitely needs to be more movies with Ed Norton.
Thanks for tweet and inspiration for the blog post
long but Ryan didn't put a lot of salt on but Liam put a shit load of salt on right hand and it itches really bad
Why do I have such bad luck with girls anymore
things dont change. they only occur
I just fav all music sent thru my mentions your music will be posted tomorrow too, but plz start sending music thru email thnx 😃!
Our company is without PM, and we need some serious help with Scoping. Any brilliant resource you can recommend?
Angela, It's a balmy 40 degrees here in New Hampshire. Twitter is the best for gathering info for educators. Good luck Grads
Me TO
Hate to be the one to say these might be suppressed memories.
eating there is a reminder of all the senses that you MIGHT have thought were asleep while dining. God Save the Monis (and co.)
a few times a month, gets REALLY grumpy and goes off on Hugo Chavez
and match are two fabulous virtual assitants I use. Let me know if you can't find them
Freddy in the building getting RiTE web presence on point
the coolest thing since sliced bread
Today this boy walked up to me and said, hey what's your name? I was like, I don't have a name. He walked away in total confusion lol.
Cubs won!!
I'm tired of being single :/
My co-workers can make absolutely anything explicit. Why don't you believe a lotus flower is really a flower? LOL
Welcome new followers! Mom got a new phone and I added everyone she knows. This is cool.
the "Trainspotter" badge is SO yesterday!
Stanley Cup Playoffs. Way more exciting, way more parity.
: My brother, I know just how you feel.
Ms. Rude Temp Job Interviewer, I would rather work at my old job at the bakery than for u. They give me Christmas off & are actually nice.
so intrigued by tonight's game. can't wait to c if lebron throws the chalk RT : National "go f*uck yourself lebron day
Where do the endless brainless booby heavy... promo beer wenches come from?.. They must be importing them
Yeah! Rat City Roller Girls sell out Key Arena!
lol ima get me a gas card or something tomorrow morning
yup. That's why I put at the end (no I didn't that in a mean way or in a mean tone)
INTRO: Earnhart cites a few bugs in the system: some formatting issues, excessive politeness.
Life is funny at times!!! That why im laughing at da bitch!!!....<3
Can't wait for my little NYC trip this weekend. Hoping to take a dance class on Friday. Any suggestions?
Interview in morning with the CBC news telling my life story. Thanks for all your support and love.
We hope everyone is having a great week! We're ending the work week Friday 12pm with & and DJ John Rizzo
Looks like my weekend is shaping up to be all soccer playing and outdoor drinking. I don't hate it.
no because oddii odaliz told me "your girlfriends a B too"
I'm drinking coffee and looking over the session proposals for #thatcamp #se. It's shaping up to be a great unconference so far!
dirty mind ;)
I thought today was sunday...
checkk your dm and sorry I replied so latee
It is what is life goes on :)
The show goes on!
When you have an emergency, you want the fastest operators in the US protecting your home. Monitronics offers protection you can rely on.
i disabled that theme because it was causing me problems. not enable it copy theme/styles/classic.css to default.css and tweak
It'll be nice if he can still throw hard come June/July re: Chen
Why is Danny granger so bad right now
The backstabbing has begun: One librarian said of her peer: I swear she has autism. if she gets the AD job I'm giving my notice that day.
then plan better and work smarter
Time for a few days off to catch up on email and perhaps a book on CD.
Where you at?
ME ME ME ME ME
Can't wait to see it!
This Apple store is PACKED. Anyone have any mace?
Important to invest in women: children live longer, children get more educated, GDP drastically increases, more stable and peaceful
if you ever get a date right?
Will any candidate on stage provide financial support to pro democratic movements in the Middle East?
I hate dreaming about you, I hate waking up thinking about.
y'all look high lmfao
LOL!!!! RT : I think the bigger story is that I didn't know a Facebook logout page existed.
White or if you don't think that counts then yellow?
:D Thanks, call me Mrs. Betty.
i was out all night with precious (: <3
that was you?! aww i didn't hear your name! thanks for calling in!
thank you!
Eating my first reduced meal. It was hard to not stop on my way home and get fast food. Major step
chatting to a hologram. Awesome
Nice work team! RT : Congrats to for winning a Bronze Quill for com management/benefits com programs
oh I took it as you being too cool to chill with me dan and Alyssa
Why my mom gotta interrupt step practice with this camera?
I know I don't really know you but your icon is gorgeous!
Bout' to head to work! / on that $$$ flow
Got a free year of SiriusXM with the new car and just discovered Backspin... Hmm I may have to finish up my PEX lab in the car.
Where there is no political will for intervention, there is no political appetite for intervention- Dr. Asli Bali
SPHERE: THE THELONIOUS MONK STORY is returning to the stage next March at Arena Players. Stay tuned for details.
"A gem cannot be polished without friction, more a man perfected without trials." :)
marathon tomorrow?
My kids are young adults...Mother's Day was a great reminder that all the hours, days, weeks, months, years - were COMPLETELY worth it!!
Happy Thursday PDX! Needing to celebrate the weekend a day early? Come on in for Happy Hour; it starts at 330pm!! See you there! Cheers -LR
Haha(: i have one how did the farmer know when the corn was ready to sprout? he asked them so, you feeling corny?? teachers -__-
yo you need to hook me up with one of your mix so i can bump it on one of my montage
Playing bass is a way of "life"......NOT a hobby!
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
Swimsuit is packed & ready to go. No, not on vacation. It's time for the indoor sprint tri in Whitewater! Let's do this! cc:
Thanks for the repeat call out!
Oh, I bet you're right -- encryption. Crud, probably not much that can be done about that. :-( Cc:
Progressives not my cup of tea. I want my crazy 1800s back.
Chase Utley's flavor saver is not on the DL.
Some of the best chats happen during the summer.
3 Fantasy Football teams....only one that's 2-0, my All White Team (all white players)
I think he meant "whore" not horn.
Why did Tyga pop up on the Kid Cudi radio. Eww gtf 👉👉👉👉
the early bird gets the worm, but its the second mouse that gets the cheese!
Have safe travel back to La La Land!
Yaoo Where At In NY ?
Learn From yesterday Live For today Hope For tommorow Because your NOT going to Live FOREVER <3
my kitteh is so damn cute when he sleeps on me e snuggles
Ability to access archives in their entirety drives modern science--Leetaru
Good luck with that one!
thank you!!
what the foosh?
I'm glad Kevin Garnett was called for his late-game illegal screen. Still pissed that he got away with it vs the Knicks in Game 1 last year.
for sure! Just let me know when.
i can tell you will.
Canada is calling my name!
awe man! I didn't realize #Gitomer was there. Would have loved that session.
Don't miss Atlanta Dog Spa owner and employees on the Cooper show today at 3 pm!
UI UX Designer - Tired of the city? Email us about an opening in Bend, OR.
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas and Happy Holiday season!
#gohawks tks for winning in OT... my macho dad jumped in the air, shook the house, did a dance in front of the TV... thanks for the memory!
RT You've got #VAWine. Read what new owners Steve & Jean Case are planning for Sweely Estates fb.me/XdlDbc0a
cheap and leaves plenty of time for...jury duty
fucking hate north carolina
Thanks for the follow. Are you guys WITH #Klout or just experts on them??
Have you met my friend nick?
POLL: Who would like to see AMERICAN IDOL ON THE BIG SCREEN AT THE COW TONIGHT?
what is this news you speak of?!
#FF Some great Austin kidlit authors new to Twitter!
I’m not calling it The Secret Circle; I’m calling it “Pretty Young People With Magical Problems.”
oh my fault...
Things just keep getting better and I can't come down from this natural high!!
Its TEBOW TIME!!!!!!
you would make my day I don't really care if you only show up for 30 seconds like can you just come and say happy birthday
Latest FEC report shows Bachmann has raised nearly $5.2 million this election cycle. Proving once again there's a sucker born every minute.
All these HMD texts made me feel so special, y'all just don't know.
Clippers letting their emotions get the best of them right now.
I believe for offsides.
Every time we open our mouths, men look into our minds.
i think im sprouting...
Do a barrel roll...
I say this every week, but tonight's Game Of Thrones was the best of the season so far! I want to watch that again.
Thanks! We'll post some fireworks shots after the show.
will we be able to buy the uncensored podcast this weekend or are you just recording it this weekend?
Man U was clearly interested in going for the tie early on and played incredibly boring soccer. Once they fell behind, it was too late.
Another fantastic dinner tonight! Thank you And great seeing
happy birthday !:)
I'm sorta bored... maybe I'll go join the occupy party... I don't know why I'd join... but most of them don't know either!!!
and a good first name ;-)
Zip RT : I like run like you need to catch the bus. Ever see someone trying to catch a bus? Amazing
I'm enjoying it.
thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a great weekend
Off 2 the clippers spurs game
district 5 lol too funny and dimitri is sitting on my lap I think he misses you
Who is hating on my baby Andre that doesn't love me? How is Austin doing? He ok?
Welcome back to fEASTival again !! We are excited to have you!
Yes, if you sit in your fridge and use a spray bottle to spray water in your face every minute or so while you eat.
Class sucks
*WORKING FIRE* BOX 31-15 600 Blk E 37th St 2 story brick middle of the group heavy fire showing from the rear OPS FG1
They did at the time too...
need a plug?
Oh heck yeah brownies! :D
So incredible.
Maybe you'll?
“: Line for line is there a funnier movie than The Big Lebowski?” No, dude,we had not considered that possibility.
you need a content filtering firewall or router to setup parental controls that work. Try dansguardian.
Have A Good Day ": “: Goodmorning Cutie ;*” Goodmorning:)"
Re: geology news stories, I heard a piece this morning on NPR on carbon sequestration in basalt beds.
I'm fresha than a mufucka, yeah I'm a mufucka!
I will be asleep by then! Wake Up! :-)
Sat sept 24 my big bday bash going down inside club 241 in the bx 4637 White plains rd The hottest win a $100 Victoria secret gift card
Thanks Coach.
how about a wreath hung on the footboard of the guest bed...!!
Who is more wrongly portrayed? #Trayvon or #Zimmerman? There's a rally for the latter. We discuss it NOW
Using an elliptical during pregnancy can ease pressure on joints and still get a great workout.
My power just went out, Lawd !
I doubt it I took forever to finish it and it's probably going to be at 50 to 60%
One of the worst matches I have ever seen. I've seen teams loose who played better. Dreadful.
Just got a show with The Maine! If you wanna ticket let us know!(:
we not
New book subtitle! "Defiance of the Patriots: The Eli Manning Story." (I just quadrupled my sales AND ensured no more Boston book talks.)
I don't recall Penn Masala. i will look into it The best music these days is from Rohail Hyatt in Pakistan. I played a couple of piece ...
heading to hotel?
Follow me !
that place is in my neighborhood. It's magical! And delicious!
Tap dance on a typewriter tuesday
playing the NCCU Slightly Blued recording however we're biased toward the UCF Jazz Ensemble!
was it? gotta go check that out!
i just need a break.
RT My Attitude Is Based On How You Treat Me...
#hth2012 teaching project management, learning by doing, lots of guided self direction, collaboration
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Girls who smile.
measure your exercise intensity. there are several methods: heart rate, rating of perceived exertion, talk test
I know I like it when it happens to me, so I'm just being considerate and helping out a buddy :-)
I consider myself a crayon...I might not be your favorite color, but one day you're going to need me to complete your picture...
Youre BEAUTIFUL. yes you, you and oh you too(: <3
good answer on castro
Thanksgiving around the corner! Want to take a sec to say I am thankful for Life's Journey, incl the chance to meet each of You!
Yay! No school on Friday:D
don't disappoint cc
Happy Birthday, !!!!
When I eat Lucky Charms I have to eat the marshmallows first.
why did the chicken cross the road?
any chance you could drive by my new place at 119 w. Windsor and see if the garage door is closed? In gb for the night. Thanks!
chinese: bo ling's, mexican: manny's or ponak's, italian: garozzo's
Wouldn't look too deep into workout of Tannehill. Eagles take top player on board and need to do research. As Kolb proved, QBs great assets.
@ hello please help
It won't let me follow Gwen.......
Thanks for sharing the Warren video. It was done with much respect to the future senator. :)
That was the tweet of the century. I applaud you for that.
There wasn't a big demand for washed up right handers with an ability to run marathons.
Friday afternoon shout out >
If time is money...make sure its well spent
We are driven hardest toward the success of a venture when it is our own venture.
Take it any way we can!
Submitted my last paper & sitting in my last 596 class!...<disbelief> One week until #graduation2012! Has not completely sunk in.
Back in NYC- traffic !!!!!! r/ wanna go home
aww, thanks -- Or just seeing the look of sheer panic on my face as deadlines approach.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. ~Confucius
"get in the limo ... now suck my cock"
it happens because they start drinking Fiji at a young age lol
MLB Realignment idea?
so um.. Today's my birthday...(;
Politicians considering increasing FHA down payment to 5% from today's 3.5% and dis-allowing financed closing costs by lenders.
Interesting to see 's monetization plans released (sort of). No surprise, though. Who really "owns" ecomm, anyway?
I think I just did good on my exam, going to make some lunch, wine and sleep. Then some more homework and working out.
Note to Nigerian Scam Artists: I am not a desperate, lonely old woman in need of attention. Go away!
what a fantastic flight from ORD to DCA. crew was fantastic and the Madonna channel made my day :-)
Very cool video! The sockers are awesome! Thanks for sharing! Awesome local doc!
Mo Money Mo Rahmey, I like to call the late night hustle #badboyboyceinnn' /Cc
I agree. I know something is off but don't think that is necessarily it. Whole team seems less confident or maybe it's me
teching Intimate Apparel in #Detroit at #WayneState. We love the play! #detroitpride #theatre thank you for the words.
in 1 word describe you experience on true blood.
Career workshop in class: a professional threw out candidates who didn't follow her company on Twitter. Opinions?
For some reason Twitter thinks I live in Irvington -- how are people supposed to rob me if you put down the wrong location?
You're still apart of everything i do, you're on my heart just like a tattoo.
The Road Through Chernobyl
spring/summer 2013. about 2/3 through research, still folks to track down and interview - then the easy part (ha) writing
Looking forward to seeing you @ Argo Tea tomorrow morning!
Neither did I. But THAT is the American dream!
follow me please :-) <3 '
All artists in New York & New Jersey give TKO a call at 404-610-2511 to talk business
": Congrats 2 everyone who's apart of c/o2012"
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "How big are your boobs?" If I wanted you to know, you would know. Don't be all up on me and asking.
gm to u
my dad watched it and u were mentioned didn't say how much
Aww what a cute and fun pic! It's so much fun to having nieces and nephews. :)
We love to love you! tehe... so Adorable, Be safe sweetie <3 <3
Red robin
RT : It's Follow a Library Day! Tell your tweeps to follow us & your other fav libraries today! #followalibrary Try !
Researching ghosts for my novel. Boo!
#SOMEDAY! #NEXTTOYOU... so excited
Life is short b thankful for what u have &the people in your life. Tomorrow is never promised cherish each moment no matter how big or small
RT : thank YOU for being a leader in women's entrepreneurship. Keep up the great work! ;-)
Thanks to for being our Dance Group of the Week! Who's next?
going to get B for a Skype with app guy off 2'hrs sleep uurrgggghhhhh
i hate hoes
“: next white day after that is mine!” PARTAYYYY😜
RT : Vote 4 my boy Rasheed Sulaimon for preseason HS basketball player of the year & team game to be televised.
Great sweep! And I hate the spotlight thing when UMD scores!
Totes Serendip' .... Love it.
I know!!
"I don't think I have ulterior motives."
April 25 is Administrative Professional’s Day. Need a gift idea? How about an A Cleaner World gift certificate.
I'm at #blogher11 with the Jimmy Dean team. It's awesome!
I've got to be honest with you, people who say they don't like the Beatles make me a little nervous.
Unfollow Us Then ! lol, J/P
maybe if u just hadnt fucked with him u wouldnt have to take care of a baby, have relationship problems, and be on 16 and pregnant.
time for a new path my last one just hit a dead end and if i dnt find it here im gone
Can't wait for tonight! ;)
I just woke up. I couldnt sleep any more because I was thinking about a certain man that I found a photo of and DAMN! ;D
You're right. Its truly a special day indeed.
Ziggyplayedguitar-bowie. That comic strip kid ziggy? Wow are you cereal? :)))))
Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
hey alex (: can you please follow me and retweet me? I would love itt! Thankss (;
We have a new server/network ready - vpn-uw1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
Plano, Tx! Support & tonight as they get the #ItsAliveTour started early!!
Ben with engage2empower also m2teach, not attending ASU education event, saving resources monies for ISTE 2012 event
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (DGpy5-jt)
Dear prof, While I appreciate you wanting me to look at & sign off on student papers, you might want to actually tell me about it beforehand
like my drinks high, my lights low 🎶
Girls who do stuff like put "* your boyfriends "* as there location are wack.
In 8 weeks, my Calc II TA wore no more than 3 different shirts. #isitracist to say that he is Asian?
The game hasn't started yet and Jason Bay is already 0 for 4.
I'm goin to kill you for even saying that
Holy crap!! That's too bad, we were going to say yes.
BAHAHAHA, i just died !
#InstanstTurnon when a guy does sweet things for you in public ☺
what's the name of the show you shot a pilot for I can't wait to see it :)
#procrastinationoroject for - need dress for wedding! Let's pin some ideas!
Special thanks to earth house and everyone else who made tonight possible! If you haven't heard them, check em out!!! Great music & guys.
Life is all pattern and discipline; and the beauty of discipline is when it works.
That is EXACTLY right. Tell others about your goal and your reputation is at risk-->this leads to meeting your goals!
What time is it? It's lunch time baby! Come in for a delicious treat at the B!
ALSO has a HUGE internal interview tomorrow morning!!! Wish me luck & keep me in ya thoughts & prayers!!! 0:-)
Omg just swam with about 60 wild dolphins .. We were surrounded so freaking amazing !!! Omg
just got done watching the hangover...killer movie!
You continue to do what you do ! Never can lose a rapper that speaks with soul because it's just to rare to find.
our pleasure! Stoked to have you as a lifer!
yeah and that would suck not having a phone
I shouldn't have I apologize when I didn't even do anything. I deserve better.
can't wait for my first #MarketDays in #Chicago this weekend...oh and the
You have my radio speakers.
So good! Was down at Eastern Mkt this morning, wanted to go but the line was too long!
hi ! wanna follow me!? no? oh okay :(
guess who comes back to Nashville today!
Tonight has been great, it's just what I really needed(:
how do u think u did on it?
Been listening Elvis all morning. Why can't he be alive now. Slightly obsessed with him.
Bette Midler, 'From a Distance'. Alanis, 'You Live You Learn'. Faith Hill, 'This Kiss.'=my mom's 3 favorite 90s songs. love it.
is on Twitter. 77,000 plus new followers in 45 minutes.
thanks you, kind sir.
4 Hurricane #Irene Recovery checks en route: Hudson Valley Writer's Center, Schoharie Free Library, Wallkill Library &
"Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise of health." J Thomson
right?! Felt the same a few weeks back; amazing how much better/efficient my body feels on full-on Paleo.
Nice. Amanda Bynes is here at my work buying a new BMW.
Oh, we are too! If you haven't done so already, don't forget to sign up for our coupon - $3 off adult admission on May 12!
Wants a change.. maybe I should dye my hair black..
Beauty is only skin deep! #adding Style is like coloring outside dem lines
No problem! Glad you enjoyed it!
I could, i'll check tomorrow, but boo you come for meal if possible :(
Business roundup: “Our passion for food is deeply rooted in the tradition and simplicity of southern baking, and we are proud to serv...
That would probably be instant coffee to some!
I'll fix the palaver redirect. I'm not sure why it stopped working.
Cripes. Liverpool just 50% on penalties kicks this yet? Psh. Shouldn't have been a shot. anyway.
did youu find it?(:
Found $60 in phantom home energy waste via the wattameter thx to Unplug = Off
gone head & get down wit these Milwaukee brewers as well! Good looking on tha go pack go tho fo'sho!
Oregon for the kush cause boy I know there's plenty here.
FF & RT #FF who leaves for her Africa volunteering effort on Thursday! #HoleyMoleyBatman //
LOL Still learning this gizmo, forgive ME for my missteps. Like can Kanye see this message?
Facebook friend just invited me to join a group called "Need a Job?" Possibly time to reconsider the public persona.
Hey everybody, thanks for the follow and your support. We are tweeting away today, please help by retweeting!! Thank you so much!
SHowcase Live is the sickest venue in the Northeasr
Heard at lunch: I've got this #knitting #database I use to track what I've made.
gotta have em on a buffalo burger
the awkward moment when he tells you he loves you and you have to explain why you can't say it back :P tah he's so adorable:)
Enjoying a lazy sunday with family
Lol you tell me first why you think that then i"ll tell you (:
Love my family though.
atleast your being safe Q lol
If I would've known the REAL HIM.. I would've left his ass where I met him...
This is a fabulous daily mantra: RT This is the 1st day of the rest of your life. Make sure to live it to the fullest...
CAUSE THAT HOE CHECKED OUT OF LiFE...
Happy Hanukkah everyone from your friends at VocabSushi!
Drank in my cup!!!!!! And #nowplaying countdown by beyonce
Ur only as good as ur team. 1 weak link will break the whole chain.
Finishing the week up with Jeanette HS in the morning. See you there.
Thanks! The photos on the right half of the wall are hung a bit uneven because I got tired & said 'screw it, close enough'
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
Take me down memory lane
What's better than Charles Barkley in a dress? Heineken commercial with Bollywood music.
Watching that clip also just made me realize that if they ever remake Night Court, needs to play Bull.
Ill be safe and sound
love your new pic!!!
all I need is two fat bitches my cowboy boots nd hat hat with no shirt on a thing nd a rope lol
The dream I had>>>>
4 checked in and made weight. Just the coach now
Crap! Sorry. I'll put it in the mail today. I have been working 60 hrs a week, running with my head cut off.
I bet. Y r u packing? U moving? Hope th weather is nice there. Its gonna b 70 here.
Sure dad!!
it's ok to b weird :) evryones weird :p
Purchase a gift certificate towards the pageant entry fee for the little princess in your life.
