Don't you wish your school cancelled classes for two days and had a carnival, comedian, and band come?
bad girls club on!
How many times have you been invited? 0? Oh, okay...just making sure. Don't think it has much to do with cursing, does it?
so its starve>chicken quesadilla?
he is promoting a new shower gel, doing an event with him on Wednesday
downtown and in need of coffee, try more local flavor at Cafe Lulu, Tabac, Coffee & Art, Warehouse () & more!
i hpeu u git better soon
ok back home again another fast cup of java and another cold but yummy poptart back in the car back to the crazy shoppers
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 31
I'll go
When my T.V. shows end I don't know what to do with my life -_-
Anyone heading to the airport around 5:30 give or take?
Step boys are gonna have to battle next week
Two new artists want to join the #HockstarPresents Team... Its decision time boys, concall on Sunday
Oh my god! There's nothing to do.
I doubt I could get them to the village... But could try...
Pretty cool movies. Had no idea this was available Watching Saw 4
Wow, just found out it's against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA. Guess I'm never moving to Nebraska!
Spent the day with my childhood and still current best friend
“: Jam out for the sippi girls tonight!!! #loveandyvelo #rockonbaby ” always!
hey ari! Hope you're having a lovely day. :*
Anyone have info on what exclusives Capcom is bringing to #wondercon?
Eli to Ballard for a 1st down!
Hey ! That's awesome! Was that at Blarneys?
Night I'll Dream of 
Publish your inventions ASAP, creating invalidating prior art (going forward). "WikiPatent" would kill off next crop.
thank you!!
I am concerned that no 2012 tour dates have been announced for Bob Dylan. The Never Ending Tour must go on
at a data integration conference and discussing the broader concept of digital libraries... it all seems to come full circle.
Major confidence boost in spanish!:)))
I didn't know if I was doing it wrong or something. I love my bag, I even took it to a 40k tournament.
#HIRING CREDIT ANALYST in #Clearwater #HOTJOBS send resume to kimberly[dot]
I can dig!
Hey errbody, Twitter sure shows how good people are still around!
Thanks Kristi! Sorry I missed you!
2 bags of fluids later- I hope to go home from the hospital. Colitis or something crazy like that.
paparazzi EVERYWHERE!
The president was with guys who may have paid for sex with underage girls. We ask the nasty questions: was the president involved?
SEO Tip: Links can get titles, too. Not only does this help visually impaired surfers, but some search engines use them too.
If I was at home....All the projects I've had in my head for the last two years, and drink wine uninterrupted :-) You?
The Ferris wheel is going up in the Quad!
I'm making changes to a project that I last touched 6 mths ago. Distance makes me really see the things I should've fought harder for.
Thank you! Still looking for suitable side chairs, but it's nice to have something to lounge on at last.
What were you in town for?
Thanks for the follow!
Lol at night though when its dark, you're like fucked x10.
Morning Fam. Let's go git this. IT'S OUR YEAR!!!
“: take me with u” I go back to work at JC Monday not the club my foot still healing..
idk what you're talkin about 😂
I miss my Bestfriend .
Orange and Blue baby...you know I like that, haha congrats!
Thanksgiving buffet reservations are coming along nicely. I'll admit it's my favorite Holiday Buffet by far!
Thanks to our new followers last week (Part 1):
If I were there, you and I would sing "Total Eclipse of the Heart" tonight.
#sfsmells 18th & valencia at 730 am: fear, loathing, and bike parts.
let me guess, little boy with magical shoes morphs into superhero cabbie?
Charge'n it to the game sucks, move'n forward with a new perspective doesn't
Look for reruns of my interview on The Weather Channel. Travel insurance for hurricanes.
Maybe we'll meet at Walgreens lmao ;D But for real, we must (:
Smokin on that sour diesel its unbelivable..Momma say leave weed alone but I think I need it thoooo.
Your Place in the Marketing Mix - Business Insider
haha is that like quilting or something?
We do too!! RT : Haven't tweet'd in a couple days... been super busy.. Smokin' Hot Aces is SUPER fun.. LOVE LOVE what I do..
Change your thoughts and you Change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
i just keep coughin.like wtf
Keep in touch. With-in 60 days I will be sharing my Food Supplement@ High Fiber Cookie Mix.
Thanks for adding me and following me! :)
Young The Giant pandora station >
Shit happens sometimes that makes you think, what the fuck am I doing with my life cuz it could end now...
Ugh; OK
couldn't agree more..
And they insisted we refer to defecation as "going poo-dookle in the pu-dunkus."
I was all up-to-date, not blaming, just seeing what other people like. Love WP.
Yep-_- I'm in my world history class
Your friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you. -Elbert Hubbard
#StopKony #StopKony2012 this guy is the lowest level of human being possible. Spread the word and have him stopped!!
Please, specific details--why is it kicking the can down the road?
Well, here's a mention!
Next week I'm go'n traditional with "High Sierra" & Spike Lee's "Miracle at Saint Ann's" Started reading Pauline Kaul. Like!
an athlete can't just decide to transfer & be immediately eligible. Family needs to make a physical move & there are other factors
“: #Aries are the best friends you can get.” recognize
What do you do when you have few common interests with team members but respect them all very much?
happy mothers day, i love you mom c:
Amazing smile...I see an Aquafresh commercial in your future, maybe a commercial for an edible lip balm designed for nibbling too
haha! I know! I have a few but that's my fave!
Today I'm doing some very delicate VFX of a cosmetic nature on a body part that is new to my list. You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
Business or pleasure? I've done both, had more fun on the pleasure trip though ;)
Good Morning! Rise to the occasion
Latest issue of Wired on iPad has a bit on one page where you can play localized oinks. I guess it's 'groin' in French.
The mask on "Scream" looks like it was based on Joan Rivers face...lol
Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up. -Galatians 6:9-
Thanks for the follow:) Wishing you
TY, Miss Janice! Happy Mother's Day (and hey to Miss Coco Chanel, too!)
sometimes but you there to push the speed so I manage out good
Hmm.... Calendar shows Friday, my brain keeps thinking Saturday.
It's time to come clean. This collective bargaining nonsense is all a clever distraction.Really boycotting to celebrate National Tequila Day
How 'bout them #Lakers? Crazy game last night! Think they'll keep their standing?
sure sounds good
There is a higher court than courts of justice and that is the court of conscience. It supercedes all other courts.-Mohandas Gandhi
Yes!!! And we have to have a warning on the front. "Caution: May get Salmonella and/or diarrhea"
If a girl walks are not painted - it means she has a boyfriend and he loves it really))
i love this ''RISE ABOVE HATE"
SIRENADE (Definition) To send out a song or songs designed to draw in and command the attention of a specific individual.
hahahaha That's hilarious
i guess..... *confused face*
#infographic - the wealth gaps between whites and minorities. bit.ly/rqxrTF
Such is my influence on Xmas that we're enjoying bagels and lox before even opening our presents. Happy holidays!
So thrilled strawberries are coming back in season! :)
Today is #dayofhighered What is doing? Changing textbook publishing, reducing student costs, freeing content for professors.
. how did I miss this?! Discovered his writing via & would pay to hear him read his grocery list
You're so awesome! :)
See? they know!! RT : We appreciated the growing support! Please follow for more information about the opening!
This sounds like a good plan RT: Would it be weird if we just all moved in together so we didn't have to live apart?
Thanks for the RT, Lisa! I appreciate your support.
Thanks so much!!! So glad to hear it!!!
Lakers can't score
Is the iPod touch problem only with the 8GB or also with other sizes?
well it looks like i'm going to see on saturday thanks to ! who wants to come? anyone? bueller?
I appreciate that a band called can actually dance
CST's suck...Algebra today.. -.-
Thank you!!!!
It's been a crazy day!!! Hope everyone is having a wonderful Friday.
Our egos can get us into a lot of trouble by convincing us that we need to be right all the time.
where are my #NewYorkers at? lets follow each other hit me up #bronx #brooklyn #queens #statenisland #Manhattan #Harlem #BX #YO #NYC RT
RT : I use OneNote almost exclusively, & find it's a great way to organize everything. Multiple monitors helps too - ...
Terrificly warm ovation for all nominees, who will receive their certificates (aka stunning little piece of bling) in 4-6 weeks!
Happy and rainy Earth Day here in New York City.
Sometimes when you think your doing it all, your not doing enough which mans your doing the most.
That is fine with me!!! Anything that helps bring equality!!!
i know
Thank you for the RTs #CompSea12 ... Let's take it to #TheNext50! cc:
Watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer with DAVID BOREANAZ!!!
and you do it so well ;-)
Hey fans, charles here. There is a zombie attacking a friend in your group, and a horde 15 feet away comming toward you...what do you do?
Sleep Well Friends! "A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor's book." ~Irish Proverb
Stormy Monday
i thought so. Im armenian. Not too many of r type in r sport.
Does anyone else think that Taco Bell commercial with the group of people driving cross country for a Dorito taco is fucking stupid?!
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going. -Ralph Waldo Emereson
Happy New Year, MVPs!
I can now say that I've been in the same building at the same time as Michelle Obama. No sightings thought.
“: Pygophilia is a condition in which a person gets sexually aroused by the ass.”
sorry don't agree!
Jr. Hoffa don't sound like his Dad, I guess the 7% union workers do all the work in America,93%don't work
I am a winner! I won $3 on Mega Million! Huge!
I give it all for my girl. I hope she sees that.
Damn...we jam late. MT. AIRY, MD TODAY!! AUG 19th. BE THERE.
I'm not going to tell you, because I don't want to encourage them.
The are playing the #Cubs tonight! We suggest you be there.
I hope you bring a gun to the fight ight?
u r to cute
I just have to tell u I Love You!!!!! U are the BEST!!!!!
Stay strong in your weakest moments
bonus. :D
oh yea!
We're going to get them, GO BLUE!!!!!!!
Can't wait to watch Floyd mash Cotto tomorrow night -
you have to be sometimes....
more like 50% will like it 50% will hate it. And 100% will b hammered by 10th pick.
Your blog was screaming "noob!" Much better now :) If you want to do more design work, just tweet out. Plenty ppl to help u.
To the person who works in back & has nothing but negative things to say when you come to the front: please stop.
Please join me in a shout out to a "Very Happy Birthday" today!! :)
ohh those are nice. I have a hard time pulling off the high tops though, make my feet look even more ginormous lol
Thanks a lot :)
I hope you are using those Django libraries wisely, not making apps people want to circumvent. ;-)
Tiger & Woods tonight and Tiger Woods playing today....
Oh yeah... now the nerves have hit. It'd be nice if I wasn't such an anxiety-prone individual already.
yes, its b.s. when the largest food seed company happens to also be largest pesticide producer.
you look gorgeous!! And I love the dress! :)
haha love you ash:)
are u getting me or what
you talking to me?
that would be cool!
Gators coming through with a huge game when they needed it the most. Fun to see the O Dome rockin! Wish I was there!
not sure... depends on if someone asks me or not and if Isabella is going with someone
More member
Hey what dose RT mean ???
Always a good thing.
I would have come but I don't know the new manager!
there are stories on there.. dayton kicks off ncaa has info and we have reporter over live now
Updating my Apple TV to the latest iOS
We support and promote Practitioners of Holistic Medicine as a whole and becoming more prevalent and a stronger force in healing our society
aw you suck
we should talk
brotha i wish i could add you as a fb friend now but i'm suspended for 18 days and 9 hours.u got 17 hrs
Find the happy hour nearest you... www.gotime.com/mobile
that's what's up
timing is everything huh..... i forgot the past and as a result ended up drained
studying for finals and can't wait to be done
a fave hotel. R U staying there? Great rooms!
what's going on with your defence. Second goal was just luck on our part.
Listening to the now off the air 103.1 The Buzz that was out of West Palm & is still online. Makes me realize how much I miss that station.
pictures sent!
I got da team on my back, doe...
Thank you for the RT!
We are the change the world is waiting for.. We've got a love the world is desperate for
#whatonearth are you talking about? :)
haha Austin and Harry are really skinny though..
you tweet a lot..... Good thing i love you
hi, i don't really know you but, you're cute.
thanx for the follow and add on fb!! have a gr8 wk!! :)
Im at a payphoneeee!
happy birthday 👑🎀
very similar to TO's catch vs. GB in the divisional round...
oh please you're a natural! Everything is fantastic with me and I hope its the same for you! :-) Tell Mike I said hello.
Feeling real bad....wish I could fall asleep
hmm...dare i post the unbandaged photo...? tempting
i love isushi! It is right down the road from our office..went there today for lunch
Just watched Rio for the 100th time with my daughter, #Brazil looks dope even on animation.
hey Ira
#honestyhour I'm excited to finish my songs :)
I wish you'd makeover my dad. I wish I had your fashion sense and could do it myself.
"you need this song." on to the next one by jay-z
Same to you. Everyday. Keep up your great work and mothering on the campuses with love and brilliance.
Walmart is legit the best place ever<3
yow i m a badman you zeet mi don't take chat from no body
2. I think I'm going to make a table of all the individual claims, resolutions - de minimis, failure to prove ownership all interesting
You can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes you just might find you get what you need.
So much time and so little to do. Wait a minute. Strike that. Reverse it.
Hey Ke$ha please follow me! I' m a big brazilian fan & I love u so much! Please make my dream come true!
Huh? So conference finalist last season + 7&2 so far = One Trick pony? Really? You just can't win with some people.
Trying to sing just like another artist is like being a carwash in Seattle.
So what is the Big Picture .. Gang Members .. AKA .. Frats, Sororities, Clubs, Societies R conditioned not 2 turn other in .. so *Shrug*
Just tapped Great Divide Espresso Yeti Imperial Stout.
Just arrived at President DeGioia's Christmas party. Bracing ourselves for the cutest display of kids smearing icing on their faces ever /te
Hope you had a great day! Happy Easter!
Maybe I should go on a diet. Eh. Maybe.
! RT : Looking at Arianna H self portrait. Aren't we all evangelists? If we don't propagate our beliefs why bother thinking?
and be safe and have a great trip! I love you guys! #roaddron #travelbuddies #burnitdownagain!
Check out this event: I Love Wednesdays - Club 23 on 2012-01-25
probably not lol
It's funny how a news segment has multiple guests, and they argue over TV. How foolish.
lol u should have told her u only growing up
oh damn. homie know my last name too?! Gotta get outta Augusta yo.
Increse these quick snack foods/side dishes in your diet. high in fiber!!! carrots, avocado, prunes & oatbran!
Follow me back please
Speaking of WAWA.. if the planners are looking for another Philadelphia landmark, they need a WAWA down there. Not even kidding
The hawks and knicks putting up points today.... still 10 min left & its already 99-98
Thanks for the follow Mr. Young. We appreciate all you do for #Marquette and teaching the next generation. On
I'm shaking in my pants! -Brad lowenstern
Thanks for the RT's and helping us spread the word about our monthly video contests!
QISA is closing at noon today! Happy weekend to all.
yeaa Im grounded till monday ..
Love new guys, Fine If Burnett goes, want Hughes to get another shot but Garcia deserves it & came back!
Hehe, it's a good thing she's so cute because she's also quite mischievous ;-)!
Goodmorning Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers out there and to the fathers that play both roles
I love www.YourVersion.com, especially the Iphone App, it's a great service! Keep on rocking! :)
Need record. What's your plan? Heading to Avalon then shit show. I will be there til wajeed. Wajeeed!!
So true!! : As a #Leo,You love people or you really dislike them. There is not much in between where your feelings are concerned
you're welcome(: &' thank you <3
that is one cute kiddo
what was the name of those food dudes
awe I'm sorry, hope you're okay!(:
You've sunk to a new low, low, low, low, low ...
can we meet at ur place? can ride with me
damn im hungry
he will figure it out
NO WAY. I know what I'm doing tonight. AND MAYBE EVERY NIGHT (for a couple of days before I get tired of it)
They might be right... parents know most of things we don't know.
He says it was an airtight container. If that were true, it would have killed the dog.
getting drunk at jons with my boo cody and alex :)
were you able to get it to work?
Me, too! Especially when it's not associated with severe weather!
RecCon Note: much reseating activity for Ravel's Daphnis and Chloe Suite No. 2
": IS ONE OF THE BEST MODELS IN ORLANDO, BOOK HER NOW! SHE IS PRETTY, PROFESSIONAL AND RESPONSIBLE!!!" <3
Everything's fine today, that is our illusion
#cleanintimefirst but What's the move tonite?
Launching brand stands new website next week tuesday! I expect the entire network of twitter to check it out. That means all of you! :-)
Law firm librarians- if you are in an AmLaw 100 firm & just went through a library consolidation, I'd like to talk to you. Thanks!
this crazy kid just said he did 2 jello shots before he came to ochem discussion. hahahahahaha what a winner
I know it's impossible, but i really hope that time can rewind.
Ah, I have had two dinners the last two nights in a row. I am way too full.
ask about who he thought I was when I visited him backstage at Hair in like 2001...
I'm so excited! It'll be embarrassing if my drawings do not improve.
ya it would and o ok
Do you think she would accept? she's so busy she can barely tweet :S
Take the first step in faith. To maintain your balance, the rest of ur steps will automatically follow
Due to a Mothers Rebellion we will NOT be opened this Sunday for Mother's Day. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused.
I had an interview there yesterday!
If Bubba Watson doesn't win the Masters, I'm going to eat 10 cupcakes and die.
can't wait!
« I got this sweet mother song playing dedicated to mothers. Happy mothers day screaming on top of my lungs lol»
Dear lord! RT Congratulations to this afternoon's 50/50 Raffle Winner who won $26,670!
I'm so excited about our trip to Nashville tomorrow. We will be packaging 50k meals with Forest Hills Baptist for #hungrykids on Saturday.
you think if I offer to sign a 5-year lease, my landlord will give us a rent discount? San Francisco's rental market is crazy.
You too!
Watching on GMA. Geez. He's so GORG. <3
-pokes nose- boop
I want to reinvent public bathrooms
Line dance lessons at Uncle Mick's in Jupiter 7:30 tonight. See ya on the dance floor!
April is National Minority Health Month.
My Friend:" who is your fa- "Me: "case freaking closed!" My Friend: Bu- Me: "EHH SHUT YOUR MOUTH I LOVE DAYA.!"
Nothing for BreakingBad? Fuck the golden globes
- glorious sunshine and delicious burgers!...with deep fried pickles of course!
Earthquake training/drill? Really does someone know something and is not sharing?
Is this true about Steve Jobs? We are freaking out here!
It just may be a lunatic you're looking for...
should i give up? should i let go?
Google Drive was released today. I wonder if it's going to go kill a bunch of bad guys while wearing a cool jacket?......
next weekend!! 10th and 11th I believe!!
I have a full sized bed but i have never slept in the middle before..I feel like im obligated to stay on one side
Calm down about freaking drama ... Enjoy life ! ♥
Its swollen but not broken. I hope it heals soon
what's the issue with HOV this morning?
we're in a good place. show is looking great. it's nice to feel something when you watch a show. doesnt happen often.
... You sir are crazy ;) lol I tweeted the thing about the AC at like 9pm yesterday XD
already did a one interview with a Seattle radio station. Trying to link up with AP in Ohio!
Thanks for the info. :)
It's 3am the infomercials have begun to play I'm 3 feet away from the tv but I'm to lazy to turn it :p
he has a very particular way of looking at things / speaking about things - he called himself a subverter tonight :)
I wonder if Scott has a twitter! I would totally follow him!
thanks kid
Please, somebody fix the audio!! Drivin' me nuts!! Is everybody's telecast messed up, or just the L-ville channel?
I'm off to run in the annual Super Bowl Sunday 5k race...I love this day!!!
Thanks for a great few days of thinking, learning, and sharing.
If your going to the #NAIAS check out Somerset Collections's, #Detroit Shoppe and purchase something to show your #Detroit pride!
ALEX IS AMAZING ALEX IS AMAZING ALEX IS AMAZING !!!!!!
jake, you know I'm not comfortable with you uploading a picture of my father..
I live that high life
Just got home from seein my nephew
It's 9:30am and I'm craving a shirley temple,
He asked a girl if he could sit next to her. She said, "No." So he said, "I thought this was the cute girl table." She said, "Yes, sit."
We are, each of us, angels with only one wing, and we can only fly embracing each other.
Who drunk all da Kool Aid <<
Yup, change the signs.
Yeah Boston yall got this game win this & the next three so I can get yhis 150 cash money lol
Prosecutor's office says Officer Moore's family wanted plea agreement
Hi Rachel. When did you get on twitter? I just noticed.
Omg this is TORTURE.
#MM thx for sharing my #music. Happy Monday!
I just don't think coaches and/or fans always understand our jobs and our situations.
we're on in 20 minutes, hope to see u here. (lol)
I'm no poser :'( do you think I'm a poser ?
Alright everyone #technori pitch! If you wanna say hi, is sitting on the left side. You'll know her by her hair. :)
Castle Island here I come!
I can barely name any of their reg. roster.
i think dark purple
Thank goodness. Learned how to use a sunscreen and full-coverage foundation together that won't look ashy.
I would like to bring back scented handkerchiefs. Sometimes you need them.
There is no funner place during an ice storm than The 5 Point bar. Huge drinks, great food, a wide variety of loud, shitfaced people at 3pm
I need to be checked for ticks
Love seeing students on the #ww18 feed. Please share the lines that speak to you most. Be positive, too. You're a part of something amazing.
can you fly?
I call the IRS and get all dirty about how much money I'm gonna send 'em, and how I don't use write-offs, and how I'm going to audit them.
Let's get crazy at The Door tonight in Dallas! We play with ! Doors at 6PM, $10.
Getting harrassed by creditors? - Call us - We Can Help! - Free Consultation - (909) 890-0105 -
#WeWontWorkOutIf I don't get that SPECIAL feeling when I'm with you.
Perfect! Message me! :)
winery industry is poised to benefit from an improving economy – and fine wine sales are forecasted to grow by 11-15 percent year over year
hahaha I think David is too...he was craving those oreo sticks last night and we ate Lime Sherbet with Choc, chips lol!!
Skin Cape: A Goosebumps Musical
hi,why are you soo cute?<3
Check your DM! :)
My parents didn't go to college & weren't big readers, but my mom took me regularly to the public library. Changed my life.
Hi, How are you? Please add me on the FaceBook. Thanks.
yes indeedy come on down girl!
AC Milan vs. Tottenham - WED at 1130am
We're about to hear boss plus chief editors talk with Knesset members
Clever RT : Reeeeachh RT : Tell me more. “: L.A.K.E.R.S = Losing And Kobe's Even Really Sucking”
Here we go #NY to
Yes, we do! Which, shows us both that we are good hearted people.
liberals just DOWNT GEYT IT! Being rich is hard WORK!
Thanks for reminding me why I can't trust people.
No complaints at all! It's awesome to work for such a great company. I still want to catch up soon!
Thank you!! There is always something good to eat in every corner of this neighborhood and you are always welcome! :)
R U sharing..LOL RT : Stopped at chick fil a buy one get one free
we are so happy you came back! Glad you enjoyed it! :)
RIP one of the greatest linebackers to play the game Junior Seau
sometimes it takes me a while
A true friend >> RT : You are an idiot. Stop while you can still dial a phone. Then call a friend. Or a taxi.
IT GIRL
How was everyones day? (:
Hm. Maybe. I'll be pretty late by then and quite uncomfortable but I'll keep that in mind. :)
Tummy time is important in strengthening shoulder muscles to manipulate the hands. Do it everyday at the same time for your growing infant.
Tryin to figure out which one you might be on And why you dont love me anymore
ooh that sucks
AAU and other sports I miss it man love you!
Thinking of the lives lost on this day and grateful for the ones still here. Miss you Lori.
Go BIG BLUE
Gov Chris Christie on Piers now . watch political touge of war. wont answer question on Warren Buffet
3rd week in a row that Google+ iPhone app has asked me to sign in again. Get a clue! No wonder no one is using it. Too high maintenance.
Today is World AIDS Day. Join the 6:30 PM at The Church Within in Fountain Square for the #Indy memorial. Get tested. Remember.
Can U $ay #Rollback via CSU Trustees Cmte vote unanimously to freeze taxpayer $ to Prez salaries. .a constructive step forward
We thought we had it bad with those wooden spoons...
Happy Mothers Day to all moms:-)
My pick for the Super Bowl is.........Eli Manning wins ring number 2! No just kidding :-) Tom Brady wins ring number 4!!
JT is still way more talented, FYI.
Educator: "community investigation challenges for her students have brought PARENTS into the equation!" Mom (and dad) want to be involved!
RT : Best game of NFL season. Broncos- Minneapolis. Period.
I have a desk top haha so let me clean up my apartment first
Weather sucks ! Xbox 360 rescue my life! chillin
Its funny & sad to know that you never know what you got till its gone. And if you ever tried to get her back, its already too late
Thank you guys so much for the support! we are 10 LIKE's away from reaching 100, keep spreading the word. <3
Enjoy this week cause it goes by so fast!
Saw Breaking Dawn 7th The First Time Tonight It Gets Better Each Time
O congrats!! That's great news! I know you're going to do an excellent job. I can't wait to read the articles!
Dirk, I agree. DSM is used at least as much for who and how much will be paid to 3rd party as it is for diagnostic purposes.
Video shoot
no seriously.. She is now separated from me by her request.. We are oddly civil people...=)
watching #suburbgatory hilariously close to reality
oh exuse me let me make an appointment
in the house! Thanks for following! Check us out for Gi's, rashguards & bjj accesories!
Space is limited for the 2-day intensive for the May'12 BCBA exam prep course! Email us for more info @
Oh yeah! #BrowniePointsForYou! Lol --": I hope the celtics lose."
Who cares.
C team jv and varsity soccer game today back to back against oak park! Everyone be there!
YES!! This just put the BIGGEST smile on my face!! I'm heading to Target... Lol
keep your head up, stay hungry..!!
the mustard yellow one :) i think im going to get either teal shoes and accessories or peach.
Someone is going to go on a trip! RT this to be entered to win 2 tickets from and It is warm somewhere...
yes Follow :)
Shitt just got real
ICONic Boyz : whats their favorite kind of chips and their favorite song rite now? Shoutout to Bethel from Chicago!! Please
Fun Fact: By some reports, a band of fyfes and drums can be heard up to 3 miles away over artillery fire.
Not saying they aren't a great idea - I'm a big claw/antlers guy - but the shirts aren't exactly stellar on the aesthetic front.
Well it's about time.
bitch please you know any jitney numbers ???? Lol
r u really single
Looking for a washer and dryer. Anybody?
On location all day at the ADDY take-in. Come by Cox Media, say Ello & drop off your ad swag!
just messin with ya..
New Nissan lineup coming to Briggs Nissan Lawrence boasts fuel efficiency
LOVE the self-checkout. I've done retail, so I can relate.
you here?
After my last two weekends, the asceticism of Lent really appeals to me
I was assuming cos your last tweet, & I wanted to make sure ._.
My phone battery has been on 20% twice today.
He was better than Madonna. Still a sucker for Bono's flag lined jacket.
Grove needs volunteers 2 pour wine 4 the big Great Grapes Wine Festival in CLT this Sat. If interested, email
likes to live dangerously, we love it! Got to have guts for a move like that...
It isn't that you can't find content, it's that our students, even skilled students, aren't *able* to find it.
If I Die Tomorrow I would like for Austin to know that I love him so much.
Very slick and all Sinatra. Wish more CL-based tools had similar back ends
Happy birthday to my brother.
I think Bashas is hiring, I might apply there :)
I got you covered :) PUGS RULE :)
LESS THAN A WEEK UNTIL OUR FIRST DAY OF TRAINING!! GET EXCITED!!! :)
Found my pilgrim s&p shakers having a tea party with elephant, duck & baby deer this morning in Myla's room. As guests. Not as s&p shakers.
Feeling tired..Listening to Cody Simpson..bored.. BLEH P:
go make me a sammich
We have our friday! is joining the collaborative,
Just got back from school…… finally, but I actually arrives like 15 min. Ago. I made 4 keeks at school my name is
will you be my valentine baby? 💗
Hill was fouled at the 3 point line... Wow.. Miami refs ignored that
fridays at 6 pm
I think you will never change and that's the truth.
God is good! I'm well.
RT : when you have to start a statement with "i'm no homophobic, i'm not a bigot...."
The other powerful Disney duo are Mulan and Mushu I think would be similar. :)
Apparently Friday night is a good time for #pianochat! LOL...
I'm watching Coming to America starring Eddie Murphy. I've seen this movie hundreds of times & I still laugh.
no problem, anytime<3
#BreatheRight Nasal Strips r #LifeChanging when u have been congested 4weeks...so no need 2 ask me if I broke my nose the next time u see me
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me? 8
About to finish reading "A Wrinkle In Time" on my BB. Laying in my honey's bed without him. Making chocolate pie tom. ♥ Off tom.it's am ...
Its okay..I believe U ☺
I'm meeting a friend at 5pm Monday, but have the day off & thought we could go early! 3:30ish?
Lmfao I'm still laughing
is it bittersweet being in and playing in your home state NY?
I like both, sweet words and actions and I'm a real woman:)
Still high bidder on that Rapunzel? :D
yea everyday she does
Axl Rose won't allow Guns N Roses to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame because 1st they need him to watch Smash with Slash
Rihanna's #WhereHaveYouBeen video is sexy.
YOU NEED TO GET A MUFFLER!
I feel like a sexy beast today.
what's better? Nothing. Thanks for your help tonight!
Category 14 winner is Day Of Honor, Comcast
GAIN_Fact: 56% of workouts logged in our app are done at Home or On-the-Go. What was that excuse you had about not making it to the gym..?
I WISH AUSTIN ND ALEX WOULD FOLLOW.........
lol, what u know abt that?
I can't believe it's Derby Day! I've seen every derby for the last 18 years...
Great job! Great job
"Girl You Wanna Come To My Hotel, Baby I Will Give You My Room Key." ;)
this is why I love my church. hahahahahahahahah
#Str8LykeDes... Dang am I hungry or just thirsty....
Drowning by #avicii will always be my favorite song
Just waking up! Felt amazing to finally sleep in a bit! I'm so over this 12 page annotated bibliography!!!!
Indeed I do! Such a fun company to work with. Would you like some samples?
so weird!! how did that happen?! RT : really ?! it only took you how many months? :-)
Staying here in Lubbock make me learn to love country music....
thanks for the blog post about 8 Chains in Loudoun Co, Va. Great start for this vineyard!
You'll get it soon :-)
Your Saturday night: Just getting the party started or chillin at home wind down time?
Leonard Cohen's new album is fucking amazing.
"We could have been so much more in another life," she said. Does that mean that this life is nearly over? Please?
Bobby Brown Tells 'Today' He Didn't Introduce Whitney Houston to Drugs - Wall Street Journal (blog)
Sometimes I see "Farrar, Strauss, & Giroux" and hear "Farrar, Strauss, & Guy-Rocks" and I laugh. Then I think of Tom Green, and I cringe.
Just watched Tremors. Brings me back to my childhood. Oh and his perfect hair! -JO
Thanks...for the RT about the radio show!! :)
if I pay for an app I expect to see no advertising. Bad UX.
Mia Rome. I just love Mia Rome.
thanks! It was a rough labor & delivery but the outcome made it all worth it:) hope your baby is doing great!
where my real MCs at??? i need y'all at my #OPENMIC this Saturday at it's #FREE...all you gotta do is bring your music
Don't belittle me or treat me like a baby. I'm capable of holding my own. Believe me I'm going to end on top.
Baby you can ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say.
umm ok? idk what u mean how do i not?
it's crazy - and with only 140 characters it's natural to gravitate to shorter words, oh well!
thanks for another great visit - they are always thinking more creatively afterward!
also, BANANA
aaaww baby you want me to come some I can drop some of my best lines on you...i been wrking on same too
LOL.Nice. Haha Maybe when I can actually record stuff.I wrote something this weekend.WaNt To ReAd ThE cHoRuS? ;)
you and are hilarious!
Follow our new Hive NYC Portfolio Strategist!
I'm sorry, we must have gotten messages mixed. I have loved the Yankees my whole life. Why do you seem mad at me?
Melo takes shots away from everybody. Isolating yourself on the elbow isn't going to get it done.
"Cookie Monster likes lettuce. And cucumbers. He really, really, really likes lettuce. And then cookies."
Doing hoodrat things
What a sweet age, I loved my daughters at that age.
re:reformers: They need new VISION. Until they set the bar higher 4 themselves & children, they will always fall short!!
lmao all except the baby! Its gonna b fun lol
#poem When your daughter forgives not only the man who brutally raped her at age 5, but you who married him, how can you wallow in guilt?
thx for that
ooh golden grahams! i suppose i shouldn't leave out apple jacks and cookie crisp. cereal buffet please and thank you.
So I've managed to stay up all night and I didnt go to bed until 12:30 last night
Have so many new painting to put on etsy, but the site is down :( Guess it's a day to get out in the sun after all! :D
Rites of Spring will screen at Cross Roads Film Festival in Madison MS at Malco Theaters on Friday the 13th! Stay tuned for release dates!!
ah poemas album is out on itunes!!!! itunes.com/poema!! get it get it get it!! :) :) :)
New pic published: Portraits of New York More About The Karaoke Club Boho
and mixes the best milkshakes!
Intel lands Atom infotainment deal with Nissan: The chip giant says it is working to extend consumers' digital lifestyle from home an...
Highly recommended but addicting cupcakes
oh my! Ok stay away from my sister Mister! Lol jk
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
welcome to the Elite Showcase Basketball Classic (ESBC) family
Watching The Announcement for the second time tonight.
Ceddy looking strong. Helping the Monsters kill these penalties
guy who yelled at me"would you like to donate" and he said "no,dont shake the can in peoples faces, be nice about it"i was like lol, uh whut
Your very welcome!
are you related to anyone named Helen?
#cody what's the craziest thing a fan has done on tour so far? (:
I Did
the middle of the field is always open! We can't stop a nose bleed on this drive
shiiiieeet you better 😒 RT “: aha but of course, I'll be hitting you up soon :)”
I miss you guys so hard. Hug it out.
Happy J5 you goin to the frat house?
not same team tho
I LOVE when I get a surprise visit from Paul!!! :) aw :)
busy planning an adoption event, learning more about pet foods and treats...
and now starting QB for the Denver Broncos.....John Elway!
We hope the kiddos are excited to see their new toys arrive by motorcade :-)
jesus lol it's 7:30 on a wednesday night!
Field of Dream Cuts
Great thought! I would also add "do for yourself" which can be time to reflect, volunteering, giving the gift of yourself
Great night at the Union Club including renaissance architectural drawings and a private tour of the Delano and Aldrich masterpiece
My financial analysis teacher just passed out in the middle of lecture. Don't worry about it. Ill b the only one to jump up and catch him.
Beat St. Thomas!
The pleasure was all ours. RT Just had a lovely dinner with 3 lovely gentlemen.
out of alligator?
Why can't pixie dust be real and dreams come true.
i may be the first person on earth to fail at the
At the #ifc house. No pretzels this year?!
Headed over to the track today. Do you have any Derby picks for us? Mamma needs a new pair of shoes.
Butts doe. 😒
Flaw bitches these days
love you! Hope you're being blessed! I sure was!
You're a little more than what I'd call amazing.
LMFAO---U think everyone is a creep tho
,All the Liberals/Progressives will be there to rally around him
Thanks for the love!! Happy Friday :)
Too much shxt been happening to me !!!! My little brother grandfather just passed away :'(
You are the result of 4 billion years of evolutionary success. Fucking act like it.
Was it you looking in the mirror?
Long time darling. How are you?
GUEST OPINION: Drug use, abuse or addiction? - Wicked Local
how did the screening go. Next time lemme know so we can coordinate something official.
Thanks, dude! Shaky high fives! Someone suggested I take extra magnesium. Apparently that can help?
I thought the same thing.“: On the bright side, Keith, you're now a full-fledged member of the new SAG-AFTRA! Too soon?”
same same. Haha(:
I expect more emails from you. I've only gotten 8 today.
The World Will End When God Says So. That Could Be In The Next 2 Minutes, 2 Hours, 2 Days. When Ever.
Great pictures. Thanks for posting them.
I'm tired as hck and colf this is not a good combo
good thing I got new tasty goodies in Germany!
LMAO THEY PUT THE SAUCE PAN ON UNCLE SIMON'S HEAD
Best of luck to you!
#notalone by #darrencriss seriously is the best song to hear before you go to bed. Nothing can keep me from loving you and you know its true
Lecturer also talked about the lack of protest against the NHS bill.
thanks for the follow, Bruce
We do (informally), but we haven't seen it. We'll keep our eyes peeled.
Awesome. Good luck with the launch!
lets paly a love game
Anything in particular that you are thankful for this morning? We are thankful for a great weekend of rest!
Just got responses to my Letter in the Mail. Amazing how much trepidation attaches to handwritten envelopes....
Finally getting results from all this healthiness in my life
damn ur hot
Good luck to the Red Sox. Friday 13th home opener. It might be their lucky day.
Fear can keep you prisoner for a lifetime... And for the most illogical thing. Fear doesn't need logic.
Perfect game is gone. Now break up the no-no.
Done in Indy! Chi-bound, excited for show Saturday night!!
Ironically, he could have been Bulls PG next year with Rose out to start season. Crazy.
ause i am turkish girl haa??
Yup, It does feel great to wake up with a W in Canada. Congrats! Now on to Portlandia. Please WIN meow meow meow
Shorty said she ain't a dime... Real women don't carry change
your eyes are beautiful. <3
Had a delicious bacon, brie and apple jelly on croissant for lunch today! Yummy!
Heading out for the "E" marketing & commerce conference, discussing new trends, etc....sharing this info right here at 7pm est. Be Here!!!!!
heading downashore for like 6 hours :P
is this what the twilight zone is like?
Going out with grandkids Z and M. The party started!
totally appreciate the RT!
Nicole Allen is a rock star. Check out this SlideShare presentation : t.co/39NcFycl
THANKS! Spread the word!
Winter Weather Advisory for #RVA! With warm temperatures over past few days accumulations should be light and isolated to grassy surfaces
My girlfriend just asked if Boston was in Chicago
that's a good plan... However, that doesn't help!! Lol
I wouldn't blame you. Though we are having some fantastic weather right now (in between Spring winds and Summer heat)
Love it! Cant wait to see the not-so-little-guy!
its is what is your favorite skillet song :)
Thx for supporting indie filmmaking and all the amazing artists who made this movie possible!
Yeah it's not like other side isn't going to use every tool they can lay their hands on (real and imagined) to take Obama down
Me, too. RT : You know, one day, I might break the 1K follower mark. Today will not be that day. But one day.
thanks for helping us raise awareness!
Gosh, sometimes life can always seem to be a huge test.
Haapy, happy birthday !!!
Damn I feel like superwoman right now. I'm an editing machine. Time to finish my Field Project for Urban Politics!
Is that like a zorro. lol
Ugh i got a BAD HEADACHE
The Jaycee Dugard interview is insane. People are sick, stupid and shocking.
Don't u have something better to do oh wait..... U don't have work or school so I guess u don't lol so of course ur going to tweet about me
I really dont wanna be at school right now.
yep in 4 days I will know!
well go translate it genius .-.
Wow just to put it in perspective only 2 of the 11 Colts offensive players are returning from the 2011 season Linkenbach and Wayne
This kid at my school who is freakin sexy and another kid who is freakin sexy too kissed my cheek today then my bf saw he wasn't happy!
if you don't stand for something you will fall for anything
LOL! RT : i have ONE INSTAGRAM and ONE TWITTER; both are ...dont follow the frauds. those bums.
We've been fighting 4-5 months to switch visa categories now; we have to do it from here (Stateside). Our flat & jobs are on hold.
Visit us online at www.vancouverwahotel.com
then what's wrong.
American president openly supports Gay rights, and I woke up this morning and the republic is still here.
In wake of CIA thwarting (another) underwear bomber, TSA must be tempted to put out "This is why we have to touch your junk" release.
Thanks s.s.
indeed-- and my far less analytical takeaway is that pws seem to spend more time on the beginnings of their plays than the ends!
Any update from Belmont?????
<3 RIP Steve Jobs
That thing when you walk by a White Castle on your way to a party...
The only way to avoid criticism is to do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing
Streaming is not available due to the weather. We will keep everyone updated.
You probably are trying to figure out how to do it....
I don't care wat u do like I said ur a grown ass man if u wanna drink then drink :)
Do you remember your uncle's BBQ or your grandmother's kitchen? Did you have late evenings grilling and hanging in the backyard? We did.
I noticed something different about it, but I wasn't sure what it was!
Making notes for the rewrite, but happy with today's progress.
Get it in TY. Let me know how I can be of service with that promotion aspect my man....
#incollege u eat ramen noodles daily
I need someone to talk on the phone with... Bored
I write these rhymes for Facebook and Twitter. Most of them are thought up, while I'm on the...couch. Free delivery from Typhoon with...
The big c is probably the best show on tv right now
You can't have your cake and eat it too....or can you?
7yrs old and thinks he's king.he's Bummed I don't have any samples in his size. He'll grow into the 32" shorts.
Alex Smith should get paid... in Miami.
I luv that rap by biggie that when rap was decent and made sense
got a #fishtailbraid ;D
My comment on your image size post was flagged as spam by Mollum - probably because of the use of the word Free. :(
Music playing in the lobby of the Westin in DC was Jerry Garcia & David Grisman's Shady Grove nice selection of welcome music
me too! :D
I hate my housing community. Another 3am fire alarm pull.
If we deny love that is given to us, if we refuse to give love because we fear pain or loss, then our lives will be empty, our loss greater
Thanks for checking...learning lots and having fun doing it so be ready at dinner to share!
Just redeemed gift card for massage...only my 3rd one. It doesn't suck.
#NoOffenseBut you makin all that noise with your bag of whatever....needs to stop
WHY ARE YOU SO MEAN
": Summertime in Boston today? I'm not complaining. #thelivinseasy"tru that girl
Any feedback from today's DTC luncheon with speaker Kris Staaf of ? We want to hear the highlights from those that attended.
Hey I'm looking forward to baseball season this year. Wasn't necessarily expecting that.
Virident Systems to Demonstrate How Flash Storage Can Streamline MySQL Performance at Percona Live MySQL Conference ...
We clearly don't want it as bad as they do it seems... Hope I'm wrong.
is should be and thank you for the birthday wishes :)
this man get a Bond when he killed in cold blood but Boosie still in jail with no Bond and has no evidence dirty dirty world
#thatthingyoudo movie night
bitch yo ass knows what you got into now you gotta pay the price...
Being well begins from the inside. Wanna change how your body looks? Change your diet and increase your exercise intensity! Live long & well
How could we forget Sinbad's sick post moves in Houseguest? Believe he fucked around and got a triple double.
I'm searching for tickets and googling how to get to NOLA!!
I need #NewJersey #Energy clients!! DM me if you can help! Please RT! :)
I still hate you for that stunt you pulled last night.
Wondering if someone could join us for an interview on Please dm me an email address for more details. Thanks!
What you want me to be mean well then fuck you to, don't say I'm goofy ... you don't me lmfao
Who will have more wins at the end of their season: the charlotte #bobcats or the denver #broncos?
Hologram Tupac ": Who should my 3,000th tweet go out to? #Hm"
#PdPlus call w/ starts at 1 P.M. E.T. - Dial-in: (712) 432-0075, code: 336319. Don't miss our chat re: personalization + democrcy!
yea I am !
Pinax is good, but its going to have to change a lot with django 1.4; and I think the advantages of django 1.4 are probably ++
Don't tell me I can't build rome In a day just cuz he couldn't do it.
Getting together would be great! Perhaps next week.
blasting xo by in the whip. such a solid traq.
Jeffrey Pfeffer's slides will be fixed once the presentation goes On-Demand. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Let's grab a beer or go deer hunting sometime soon!
Props to Andre Iguodala. Stunk from line all year. Came up big from line late in two games.
But you two are the superstars! :)
not at all!
ya well when my mom mentioned the anniversary, the fire alarm thing went off on its own, n it was on the dresser not the wall
CuteZine: Cute Products! Hello Kitty Mega Bloks @ the Warehouse ...
No you're not
Pathetic #Caps player laying on Chara's stick so he can't defend on a play!
I'm pitching against Memphis today. Come out and watch
i came across you profile on linkedin, are you looking for geat people to to promote nike?
moms music ky
This crazy rain is making it real hard to get out of bed and be productive
aw sad I didn't get to say bye :( best of luck with everything and merry Xmas!
I've listed last years injuries already on here, let me know if you'd like me to do it again ha!
GOOD MORNING TWEETIES!!! What is everyone doing today??? 😉
Thank YOU! We had fun, so glad you came. P.S. You inspired and I to host a social media dinner. Expect an invite!
Best of luck next Monday, Karla! Can't wait to watch you on Vote for Karla!
“: IDGAF = I don't give away food.” except to charity
Just checking, Friday is crappy food for dinner night, right?
Spent the whole two days moving out of warren. Wouldn't have it any other way.
Prayers and hugs. <3
The Beatles have created a musical legacy that lives on. Can't wait to see the movie!! It would be better with you.
KC needs a hockey team!
where ya lookin to move girl? You should check out Mint Properties they have a bunch of apts in different places!
Still itchy?
well I'm gonna try and get some sleep talk to u later?
ah I wore the same shirt today also :D
What could be better than watching cheesy old scary movies on a rainy Sunday morning?
:O ": After 244 years, Encyclopedia Britannica ends print edition. Honestly: Will you miss it?"
Do you still do app reviews on your site? You've been focusing on wallpapers lately
I'm not sure yet, did get some new page likes from you. Thank you. Today is plug your business day on our page.
To the Top of the 4th... Pirates lead Washington 3-0.
Many of my students consider rainfall to be a valid excuse for missing class. I do not.
happy birthday !! have an awesome day :)
the first step is admitting to it
Since women I grew up&since some1I been talking to,doesn't want a steady relationship wit me.
Have I mentioned that I HATE take home essay exams? BOO
um, i wanna dm!
Tomorrow night - d.b.a. New Orleans at 10pm
Lender says u hv 2 b behind in #mortgage pmts? DON'T BELIEVE THEM! Call a #housing counselor or a CDPE / #ShortSale agent.
Three ACC players chosen in first round
Maybe you are talking about ?
It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is. - Desiderius Erasmus
Oh, wow. Yep. I can see that you have quite a vendetta against them.
it's not an all-or-nothing proposition, IOW. We can't do everything, but should lean towards both/and, not either/or.
So true. Can I blame my sciatica, then? And the wanting to be a mom? :)
Hello, and welcome to the internet.
do you have any colleagues/friends tattooing in the Houston area you could recommend?
and I hate when I have friends over w.o a nap cuz then I just want them to leave
I LOVE YOUR TWITTER WALLPAPER. And, you were awesome at The Townhouse. New favorite person. That is all.
Provided that your car doesn’t bottom out on the frame and leave you seesawing at the door. LOL
apparently if you dont attack a spider during the day it wont attack you so during the night you better run!
You think it's funny to be rude but it hurts my feelings
If he dress like a gap model
One more beer please
10 minutes #Gophers just 10 minutes
Thanks for stopping in tonight and !
#OSM Board lacks trust in Industry and those willing to help, some with good reason to be reluctant but this must change
Remember, anybody’s chocolate sweets will become one of the superb sweets with the Warrior Whey™!
really?! Wow good luck and have fun!:)
is a real ass female that demands respect follow her for motivation....
Watching 'Think Like a man' you are so cute !!!!!!!
*Sings "ice cream paint job" in my T Dawwwwg aka voice* RT : go hard in the paint.
oh.... I see. It's a 968pp book! No wonder! I'd wondered if it were an e-pub endeavor at , but I see these are really long.
I'm in. Whew.
. Thought this essay was just excellent, Joan.
Do you have more followers now?
What is up with Good to Go? It is been like 2 or 3 weeks with no new episodes. Don't be like NBC and cancel stuff in its prime
5 day school weeks are so stupid. -_-
thanks meg love you!
leaving for Keith Urban tour Sunday.. gone til April 4th... what a fun experience! i'm anxious and excited!
POWER - playground equipment hot cold therapies
Little known fact: you're allowed the reward of bacon on #meatlessmonday when it's snowing & you're the only person who trudges to work.
I don't think Dali has a Twitter. He can't really see over the mustache these days.
People all should shazam
Not all lessons learned have to be from a negative experience
The Graph, the personal newspaper(newsfeed), the social platform...bring these tools to any software on any device
LOL!!! Can I play at your partyy? Are your grandmas bras still hanging on the close line? ;D
I bet no one has friends like mine. Love em.
KD at PSU: Everything you have made for us is amazing! I hope you can Thank you so much. I look forward to hearing from you! -Testimonial
: I miss Dunkin - there isn't one in Neb.
muji? really? kudos to wal-mart for the keen eye, but unfortunately this means my affair with muji pens has run its course...
Jordan says she will ask for a "special administrative partner" to address grade issues
No i despised it too
schedule time to write, time not to write #USC #Writers conference
Lakers refs hate harden
i #two words outta that. lol.
Thanks 4 everything u`re doing..you`re an awesome fan!
lol You actually work there too? I thought you were like Flo from the Progressive commercials. What time u open til?
OMG that was stressful!
Thanks for the follows &
is so charming and quite a musical genius. I also find her to be minty and refreshing.
hey I hope you follow:)
Just drove a BMW for the first time. (:
I just spoke with Uthoff. Nothing earth-shattering. In fact, I'm more confused than ever.
Import training! (And I'm the trainer!)
Ima Miss you to.
like what state
" I love you dramatic pose for you twitter head shot. Very avent-garde, I lika a lots.". Stay yourself and always be original!
I would've responded sooner except I fell out of my chair.
thus is the reason for birth control and safe sex.
What is Twitter for if not to promote your amazing friends?
I'm already a regular! The capri sandwich on french bread is my FAVE... I heart Mellow Mushroom!
Funny Insult: He is the kind of a man that you would use as a blueprint to build an idiot.
holographic fist bump <3
- "aspirations" me - well someone swallowed a dictionary....
Clients can be pains in the butt.
Just stop
Getting home from a 14 hour horse show and competing in the dark...
Act I was awesome!!!
Everyone is getting a shout out from Rick Santorum... Now, !
ugh !!!! bein sick sucks
Glad we could help Tracey!
Wasn't expecting to get home and see Chelsea up 1-0 on Barcelona.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 19
#lsuau LSU defense holds the war chickens to a fg despite giving many gifts from penalties. LSU 7 AU 3
despite my pending date with NYC Transit Court, has me in a good mood.
Watch Tamaya on KASA Fox 2 NM Style talking about your concierge service in minutes!
hey big bro I love the commercial ....
I look so damn weird in my picture...
#YOLO is so fucking annoying. We obviously only live once, no need to say it every 10 fucking seconds.
Reliable, professional, fast & affordable. That sums it up for Official Moving and Storage! Rates starting at $70/h for 2 men and a truck
Humans hate change
Why are sunny spring days Led Zeppelin days?
Spring Break is almost Over! :| #GottaEnjoyItWhileItLast :)
Today marks the first time I haven't been able to wear my wedding rings. Got them on a necklace instead.
Where's my friend?
Attentn,New Followrs:Ur on my "ADD LIST" as my 'Follow Limit' allows:
perfect! Thank u :) xx
I like how both the exams im taking today give me permission to cheat.
I love Tokyo. The FASHION/service/FOOD/cleanliness/manners/culture ~ everything is a dream here. Beyond happy to be back!
I wish I had a talent.
congrats on being fotm!! (ik im a little late xoxo ♥) i bet you were sooooosososos happy when u found out it was u!! :)
I'll dm it to ya
I do sound white though
We have sponsors!!! We are going to Europe!!
When we had a basil plant, we'd make syrup and have basil lemonade all summer. :9
i got mine...thanks!
Downloaded interesting articles to Instapaper. About to board BA 48 to London
Going to Jersey today to do a commercial for a sushi restaurant. Yum...
The #Colts had to go and ruin the one remaining smidgen of suspense at the top of Thursday's
NO JUSTICE, NO BART protest outside our front door tonight. We have $5 Jager Bombs and 2 Long Island Ice Teas for $7. Happy Hour 3-6pm
I'm SO lucky I found a great opportunity. I'm sharing if you're interested.
never did like that dog
I cant keep waking up this late
Bike Bikee Bike riding, 110 is just fine.
" Why the hell am I watching a movie about a bunch of scuba divers getting trapped in under water caves?" Cause Ur Precious?
#music is the way of life.
DC Metro keeping the Green Line running until 1 a.m. for #Caps fans in #3OT heaven.
I am the truth and the truth aches to be fucked by lies. /via
USA up one-nil on the Italians about 12 minutes left :-)
#NP Climax by Usher
However many ways there may be of being alive, it is certain that there are widely more procedures of being dead, or rather not alive.
on the phone thinking about what it could have been
I always wonder what the diff is b/w a "slender" novel & a novella
I've missed you too, my dear! I've been swamped at work so I don't get to Tweet as much as I'd like. Blessings, dear one.
That sounds like my dick. lmao ;-)
This girl can really eat omg. O.O
Big studio emailed me today and asked for my library - they're pursuing me now!
you mean swamp!! #Ludlow is the country lol
We're looking for a 4 year old African American boy to play himself in an upcoming Oral Health Wahi. Know anyone?
'You are asking me to revisit the...'
Some people are stupid as fuck.
is dead
Running errands ..feeling productive
Here's the person who created this dance crew, can you help her get followers? :) it'd mean a lot!!
That's a relief -- I think we can all agree that "wankchop" would make a pretty terrifying verb.
I really hope this is my last trip to vegas ever.
One thing we know about the eventual Bulls-Heat playoff series: It's gonna be a good one.
Hello how are u? Abbey
Welcome back to twitter! If you are now ready to learn the twitter... and are great teachers!
877-cash-now
Thanks for the great story on !
We have 1 copy of Voodoo River. Large Print. 93 circs.
April is Volunteer Appreciation Month. Thank you to our many volunteers - you are making a really big difference for our students.
LIES LIES LIES!!!! Lmao just bullshittin
yup yup! !
Here's to speaking from the heart, quick thinking, maintaining control, a bit of luck all of which led to survival many years ago...
TOUCHDOWN Green Bay Packers!!!
Got Bitches by the pair
Thanks for the #FF!
I find it sad when people don't listen to music because they're afraid of jumping on the bandwagon. Listen to music you enjoy.
Your parents have been eaten by cannibals!!
just tried my first toaster strudel... so damn good!
happy birthday!!! U should do things different this year and buy me something!!!
hm... I don't know if I should. I think you need to convince me to get it ;p
I can't stay out too late tonight because I have my first lightsaber class in the morning. This is all true.
When you feel like you're running out of blessings to count, start counting every breath you take!
That is
Congrats! That's awesome.
When was the last time you felt like you were on top of the world?
What good songs are there? It's about time I get new music on my phone.
good question.. maybe dads planning family vacations? and moms - superbowl is one of the better times in sports to reach women
girl we better hang out this summer!
Anyone following the new ABC movie PAN AM? Were the pilots in the 1960's really that young? Look like they just out of high school to me
New England is the only place that have consistently delicious Dunkin stores.
Train hard, Win easy 
wait. what is this?
Madonna should lip synch to Clint Eastwood
“: Hearing Maryland is offering to pay Ralph Friedgen in Chipotle gift cards.” I'll sign any contract for that salary.
Thanks! We're excited about helping #entrepreneurs young & old get funded!
Everyone is gluten free on Passover!
I know! She pretty much already told us what the exam is.. No need for class.. unless we can do the paper tomorrow
who was talk bad stuff about me????
Excited to kick off differentiated unit using the Livebinder I created. My version of the flipped classroom.
Laughter is the best medicine for them who do not know how to laugh.
It's Sunday :(
it's Just twitter but wit pictures only.... It's straight real talk
is amazing.
I would say that mkting is a huge, time-eating challenge, especially if you're doing it alone. Should really be a team effort
SEXUAL ASSAULT IS BAD, unwanted touching or kissing is considered sexual assault. Get consent.
U wanna b a friend of mine? Fine bring me an asprin the size of rhode island then we can talk
Thanks to & for the #FF props - right back at you both, & we also throw in our UK colleagues
Psychoacoustic: processing sound waves by the auditory system to extract usable information 4 the brain, a process commonly called hearing
#TwoThingsIWant a money tree, and a dude to get right down to his money, no if , ands , or in-betweens.
I'm still playing catch up in the spreadsheet mines, so I'm gonna get some work done.
tickets go on sale Saturday!!! I cannot wait!!
No interest in 3D Hugo?
Thanks for all the recent additions lately, will get back to you all shortly. Synopsis written for our Game/Book, will post soon! Stay tuned
Can't be mad at that finish. Welcome back tevez and nasari what a class finish
nope, no idea what any of those mean. Now fixing a wireless network. Much more my thing.
Ah! ::gasp:: the opulence!
I can feel silently judging my lunch purchase.
For that Tricia woman I FBed about this morning
we'll see... its raining in the Albany area til Wed ...
When one person continuesly sends you tumblr anons. Please stop stalking me
come on...when will you visit (waiting)
I heard from that Tito gets canned if Red Sox don't make the playoffs. Could it be true? via
my phone was upstairs sorry haa watsup ?
If she takes you to Maguire's without you asking #DontLetHerGo she's a keeper!
oh what lol ?
Got the guitar pic Santana used last night. I'm debating between framing or or playing with it...decisions, decisions. Brain overload
#PhrasesIWishWouldDie....#Yown (definitely should have faded along with the summer) lol
February is discount month..save $25-150$ off All our services this month only. SEO packages start at $200 Custom Websites $450
On the way! “: can you bring caculatora to room 411 for testing . Please”
Not sure Danny.. we focus on CHSAA sanctioned stuff first and we are short staffed so prob a long shot :(
haha did you find it at Walmart? or is this still your old way of making iced coffee? lol
Thinking about getting a Mini convertible, any opinions? How is the insurance?
2+2 app :*( aside from that though, ICM Cruncher, Bank of America, Paypal, Chinese Poker, Chipotle, facebook messenger,
It is necessary to have the ManCity blue on today
Lol its just business don't take it personal
what? Tell us more...
": ": I steal 's RT's and tweets and sometimes put them on facebook...xD #secrets" #SecretsOut ;)" love you
Who likes our new icon.???(; <3
Thanks to e# (& elliott sharp trio) for "satan sandwich." Now that's a way to end the day!
Just stung by insect, plant, arachnid walking back from yard setting swing up 4 sitter. Stinging nettles, that hurts!
Thanks to volunteers Jean & Judith for spending the chilly morning in our kitchen making fresh pasta for Chef John's homemade ravioli!
“: 4/20 is Hitler's birthday you ignorant dumbasses. It shouldn't even be celebrated”
I can still smell him on me. It reminds me when we used to be together ...
Pillsbury Winthrop is said to be in merger talks w Fulbright & Jaworski. Full story on DJ online.
. if i didn't have to write during lunch at this conference i would definitely meet up with you
Draw One Card is proud to announce that the 2011 Debut EP, "Complaining As An Art Form" is being printed and pressed, Get your copy 10/21/11
what you talking bout bro?
#YouKnowShesTheOne When moms actually is approving of her...
RT : TOMORROW, join Mohamed Nasheed & Jon Shenk for a Q&A at after the 7:50 & 10PM shows! Get tickets now:...
both amazon and barnes and anoble selling it at same price.. and free shipping on orders over $25 dollars
thats absurd. one of the most legendary tftc movies.
ppl that tweet faster then they reply to text >.<
Avon marched in the parade. I'm a proud alumni :)
hey you guys know about 1025 live right? Big concert by the capital. Thousands of people
Moving and shaking
“: Watching 03 Mules Highlight film... #glory ” one of my favorites. That was a great year!
love it
u like first pick? Always thought bad to pick dookies. They don't do NBA well. Minny getting a great player
didn't get any. sorry
Started off the day with McDonald's breakfast, some Starbucks, perfect start to a day at Willy T
ah We Love One Direction is trending ^-^ very true indeed x
Q: What's the longest sentence known to man? A: I Do.
Making use of downtime on set!
got quick/dirty lesson on virtual server setup. lunch now.
The excitement is good and contagious.. The impact on student-athletes is priceless, as is the networking and experience!
Why should 8 million sacrifice for 32 thousand? NYC bike tour. Ambulances stuck, missed flights, hundreds of miles of traffic burning fuel.
I like that one! "Be nice to archivists, they can erase you from history."
I saw a new article that said they were in process of changing recording companies and MAY work on an album. They just took a break
: RT : It's not everyday you see #twerkteam so why not take up that opportunity? #EndlessMusic #TwitterThursday ...
Another W for spartan softball! I really believe we can win district! Going to marshall county tomorrow for another victory! #gospartans !!!
Can't write need more dry erase markers on the dry erase board shopping list when the dry erase marker is dry.
- Next week = Hadouken; The following week = Horyuken.
You must have been here before, this can't be your first time.
Thanks, Dana! I'm looking forward to your AAM talk & meeting you in person :)
Happy Easter from Blowing Rock NC, we're on day 12 of filming MANDIE and the Cherokee Treasure. The locals here are very accomodating. Woot!
had my first papaya today! so yum and apparently super good for you
RT : CONTEST: Remix a song by feat FS grad & WIN $1K, Beats by Dre & a release on
Money in the building ! #Floyd !
hey, did you make a video? I was looking online... ??? Hope all is well!!
Thanks for the shout! :)
is That Which I Should Have Done But Did Not Do more or less regrettable than That Which I Did But Should Never Have Done?
Looking for Art Directors with A #MMO Experience for opportunity in the Northeast.
hi! We write songs off peoples rough ideas! submit lyrics,poems,journal entries to
it's my pleasure...let's find a cure!!
Mine arrived today...loving it!
I LOVE STEAK!
Just because you can't get any doesn't mean you should hate on people that can.
Man my boys getting it handed to them fa real
Dude. I haven't checked twitter in ages. You can see my bathroom when you come over before our show.
If I'm slurring my tweets for the next few hours it's just the anesthesia for the dental work. Really.
waah i miss my phone
Thunder won! Night twitter 💤
Of the top 10 most popular Youtube videos of all time, three are Justin Bieber videos.
ain't nobody talking bout u stop assuming stuff....
"A person that is not educated is a blind person"
You know yo ass is ugly when you the one always asked to take the pikture lol
Just experienced play a really nice set at The Ottobar
Throwing down vocals for "LEFT" tonight.
for sure!! It's hard to believe sometimes how much I'm taking out from the original!
If you smile at someone who seems down, and you know them, spread the happiness.
At the dealership. LOVEPOPS delivery truck wouldn't start this morning.
That's so Darius
Donald Driver has had the same kid for a number of years. Donald looks for the same kid every year. It's really cool.
I keep a few bad bitches in my circle
Are you racist?
the smell of freshly cut grass >
