Working on Service Level Agreements. Love them.
The yearbook staff did a really nice job with this year's yearbook!
A bore is a person who opens his mouth and puts his feats in it. ~ Henry Ford
Be assed walking into work today! -.-.
Okay, if the Texans are considered "The Broncos South", can we call the Ravens "The Texans East"? That's the 3rd former Texan they picked up
When Jeff Daniels says the f-word I feel like something is terribly, terribly wrong with the world.
I give up.
L.O.V.E is not a big word for u cause u dont have a heart...
sleep. is that too much to ask? :)
He called it! RT You cán tell téam is bad by how dirtys they are play. That make Pheönix worstest team in NHL.
You give me that Hummingbird heartbeat.
Hey #Chicago We have a deal for u! #BottleSpecial $225 for Goose & Moet! DM us to reserve before tables sell out!
Treat your woman like you hope she's the last & like you wish she would have been your first! #thats what men do
what goes best with your cup of coffee? For me it's a plain cinnamon bagel in the morning.
is the best! So thoughtful. He bought me a drink too. Thanks Thomas!
I have an audience. Do you have questions for Minister Naledi Pandor? Can we get the Minister into #edchatsa?
It took me a minute, but I think you are referring to the band and not to Mr. Limbaugh?
Liz do you need some #rentalkharma the next renter will want to know he is crazy
Who is excited for the Wednesday tip of the week???
Did pushups until my arms couldn't take it anymore. Tomorrow is going to hurt.
Like you could really take my gun!!! Yeah right!!!
Charles said Obama should have taken Eng PM to see KY. Said PM got overconfident in Eng's chance at Gold medal watching Miss V St-priceless
Where are MLS policy mtg tweeters?? Need to know ;) don't get to be in Anaheim. Missing u all!!!
Blacks an chillin
I really, really, really, hope so!
I think I like designing how things work better than designing how they look.
now we just have corrupt politicians milking the powerful two or three distributors for huge $$$$$
“: Happy Mothers Day!!! You are appreciated!! #appreciation #greatmoms” Dear Mama
should have gone along with it and convinced him he was a butler/housemaid.
Love it! Great to see you Liz!
mi mandi il link del sito per creare i keep calm e i mustaches? :3
Be direct nigga... We ain't kids.. Don't bite yuh shit for me bcus I want bite mines for u
Idk how to say this .. But..
If you're complaining about the walk thru Crystal City plaza to the metro you need Kanye's workout plan. Barely a mile.
do it and not get on the second leg!! Hope that's your plan
No contest. Foster the People loses by a landslide.
you made me smile pookie. <3
I'm sick of bitch ass dudes tryin to fuck up something cuz they jealous they can't have it
Ik,but,he knows i tweet him,but he never answers :(
The best way to knock the chip off your neighbor's shoulder is to pat him on the back. ~ Author Unknown
Hope your day gets better - caffeine is a magnificent combatant!
when will they stop??? Ah.
Need to redo my profile might do that tommmorow somepoint
Kay: "We'd through chalk and books at sleeping students." How do we create education that wakes them up now that we can't hit them?
thx for following :)
Carbonara, whatever day it is, is the best choice.
Headache Y U NO GO AWAY??
I love that, lol!
Good luck with finals, IUP. Red Cross blood drive 1PM (Kolter Dr. chapter house); CORRECTION no caving open house in Blairsville today.
Me and my stepdaddy cooking it up
RT : Grad students in library/info science w/creative vision re using tech: apply for Peters fellowship...
I wish my real friends would come visit me in houston.
Special tribute to the memory of those who perished on 9/11 and all those who gave their lives for our freedom www.VictorianSource.com
Hey, please help how I can do? (:
. Thx for the tweet!
Its hard to know that you still care.
Good luck!
I can get you on the list. I have juice.
I think you were hacked...just letting you know.
You're right--still, I'm looking forward to doing some textmining ...
Thanks for the RT & #FF glad to be part of your reading sources and the Madison community!
Why is an alarm clock going off when it actually turns on?
enjoyed my lil' money egg hunt...lol felt like a kid all over again :)
Hey #2012c19 what sayest thee to crowdsourcing a nineteenth-century Americanist hashtag so that we can keep in touch?
I love how follows almost everyone that tweeds him out, I wish I was one of them.!(: RT this! Please Follow Me??
No fair! I want a coolio acronym like TWG! hmmmph..
thanks for stating the obvious! It took a study for that? You could've just asked ppl who work there or go to Bricktown.
cannot get enough of #AngelsAndGentlemen you killed it!!!!
did somebody ring for me?
LOL this cracked me up cause i have a ton of those fuckers somewhere an remember hearing the same thing.
Surprised to find ice on my car this morning. Guess I've gotten spoiled by the unseasonably mild weather.
I just saw the whole season flash before my eyes. Tulo, Cargo and Stewart just about in a 3-way collision. Take it easy fellas!
Why haven't we karaoked together?
Sister: "When I get married and start working, my money is my money. And his money is OUR money." LMFAO!!! She's so weird! :P
What would ruin an entire morning in the studio? LAWNMOWERS. Yes, you, I see you out there...
Which country makes you think most about love, #France or #Italy? I love them both! Welcome to new #Fans of !!
Saw Inception finally. Perhaps not quite as great as I'd hoped.. but still very good. I understood it all pretty well the first time through
To all i was suppose to be getting in contact with, i apologize been going through alot lately. I promise GOD willing i will in the nextweek
i know im proud of myself (: haha
Singing with and in 35 minutes
real busy working from home today, huh? JUST KIDDING. (kindof.)
": you know we deliver donuts in ATX, right?" Next Friday we'll get some donuts from you!
I'm going to regret having english at 8AM on a monday.
San Diego CRM welcomes San Francisco-based IT Convergence as newest customer. Global company that provides consulting for Oracle customers!
Come over!! I'll make you kashi waffles and we can play outside!
doesn't mean i didn't yell or get excited or enjoy leadership stories. just sayin'.
Sorry we weren't able to party up more during your home coming. Next time let's all go out together. Ciao for now! xo
First slow pitch game was a success even if we did go home with an L. I went 3-3 with 2 singles and a triple...
Is she really going out with him?
SS can be permanently fixed w/ a raising of age or reduction of benefits by removing to $110k cap.
absolutely dear!
It's a celebration bitches mozel tov
Parents are coming to visit me and this weekend. What's a fun Saturday night dinner spot??
Some of the people in the Experts Mock I'm doing would not be very good General Managers in real life
hey! How u been?
#DontGiveUpBecause it always gets better in the end. If it isn't better, it isn't the end :)
energy is spent. trying to refocus what i have left to my current purpose: analyzing policy
When it's Fed, it's a character flaw, when it's Rafa, just a blip on the screen
In fact, that means a lot! ;)
So great! RT : - Grab the Klennex! Great work !
I would have voted for THE ARTIST out of the nominated pics, but overall, would have given Oscars to DRIVE &...
Oh boy... Becks ex is PISSED at him...
That's not bad at all! You're wearing it to school tomorrow like that, right? :)
i love you too unk ! ..don't lemme get bigger than you, lol..
Why is my new #iPhone4S rattling?!
Get a good night's rest! Tomorrow morning we start announcing who's coming to PXY Summer Jam! Listen to !
Stupid writing. Making me be honest about my stupid feelings. {insert whiny, shy kid voice here.}
I love my mom!!! She's the Best!!
#sca2012 OK, the five packages Yager is currently reviewing: Archivematica, DAITTS, Hydra Fedora, Islandora, Fedora.
Love reggie! Hate holly.
I want to visit Tokyo and London for two months each.
So I'm told you're the man to talk to about South Side beer history.
Was rocking Nu Creature by on my way to work...God places certain ppl in ur life for a reason...find that reason!
Love that place!
thank you <3 :)
Awww :-) RT : I like babies and I'm not afraid to say one day I'll be a great mom.
Great Point. RT : the audience is the hero, not the publisher. pub's job? help the heroes.
Thanks Mona, I just may :) Depends on what I'm doing by the time the audition arrives..I'll keep you posted!
To acquire true self power you have to feel beneath no one, be immune to criticism and be fearless.
and doing the pregnancy pact.
just downloaded like 20 new songs<3
worked last night, and then went straight to college afterwards. Now I'm home and getting ready to take me a nap!
Join me tonight at 10 p.m. est for tonight show on www.pararocktv.com
that's usually how it ends up.
Listening to the new album 'The End is Where We Begin' got few tracks next week trying get Trevor on the show! hint hint wink!
Drinking energy drink so I have enough oomf to make the coffee.
Do you guys have a P.O. Box or anything like that?
Paper Passion - new fragrance that smells like old books for those who want "retro literacy" with their high-tech.
Autumn has to be a scary time for black people. Ya know, a bunch of white people with hoods on.
#Things2ChainzWouldSay I got 2Chainz and two girls I get it wet. SEAWORLD!
Off to lunch with an old colleague and good friend at Adobo
My Quote of the Day - "It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to.", W. C. Fields
'Twas only a joke.
Now following this boring Hawks-Celtics series, we'll see another boring one with the Sixers-Celtics
Floyd took a beating tonight. Worked out because he packs bigger punch but I've never seen him sweat, or bleed.
hahaha I'm down
T.G.I.G.N. = Thank God It's Game Night
When Will Bonnie From Family Guy Ever Have That Baby?
Damn I overslept lmao. Getting ready for work.
#WilDChildZ the saddest break up ever.......not in the mood heart broken into pieces.......</3
Do tell... MT : Interesting plans c.f. Baltimore Parking Authority & plans for incentives to not own a car. Cld be interesting.
When I find out who is pranking my phone with CAT FACTS SPAM...I will slap them with a can of real spam!
........it was storming so badly!!! Are you like, in a different state or something?!
LOL "powered by chicken strips"
I am so glad I chose not to grab Arrieta for my fantasy team today.
That ain't a bad day. I'm using a little more corkboard than I usually do on this script. It's a fun puzzle.
Shooting a new TV spot today. Say hi if you see people with cameras and gear walking around today.
HULU rocks! What a perfect way to spend a Friday evening. I have no life.
The Quaterlife crisis IS real. Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about theirs in real time @ stratejoy.com for some laughs!
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. ~Albert Einstein
do it!
w/ , just finished up practice, now en route to our flight to #taiwan aboyeeee
why do girls make those weird faces in their pictures when they furrow their eyebrows and bite their lip and they just look really scared
Hahaha hey! You do remember!! :D
i was right lol
Got $4k order through Hello Vino yesterday on our mobile site!
invaluable contribution of providing a “framework” for thinking about black women’s relationship to “women’s culture” via women's music
I'm in a league of my own. Don't mention me with those others. Lol
In my pants
What a wonderful day to increase revenue!
What about Dunn not fielding the ball in the bottom of the 5th! He's horrible in the field and in the box!
Still trying to figure out the significance of this tourney, seeing as how they have no title belt... Makes no sense!!
not scheduled , just droppin songs for the time being...
thanks 2 u my heart hurts </3
like an ocean of love
. just arrived. Holla!
Going into pacsun is torture. I just want everything!
And mikey!
Love the show you're an awesome actress!!!
god damn girl relax
lol! It's not like they look alike, it's that I mix up the names.
adorno lecture on a grassy knoll: "laughter is a disease which has attacked happiness"
im looking forward to decorate pumpkins this year! the fun festives of the fall season!
So I suggest you control yourself.
Looks like our Twitter account got hacked - doh! We got it back tho. Happy Wednesday all!
Wow #mindfuck: Tabitha Soren is married to Michael Lewis.
I think now we can chalk up Richard Pitino being shipped off to Florida as covert ops.
Hopefully I've shown you the way.
will be outside today from 11:30am-4pm ! stop on by :))
glad it was good!
Tonight it's all about Grand in Stamford, CT!!! I'm spinning from 10PM to 1AM!! Commercial/Vocal House music- no cover! 15 Bank ST!
Hey how do you spell swoll? Or swole?
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible. -Frank Zappa
THANKFUL4?!*RIP Mama Jean miss u so much <3*
Champions League today. Does Shalke 04 have a chance against Man United?
i've been at the library for about 6 hours and i've been awake for 27 hours and counting!
was in plano for cd signings on Sunday and I didn't know. COME BACK TO TEXAS >:(
yeah! That idiotic American teenager show was on! Definitely put a damper on my morning haha
I have a hankering to got to a fresh market. Maybe tomorrow!
I feel like there is a really good lesson to be found in Deborah Guarino's "Is Your Mama a Llama?" (one of my childhood favs)
odds Middlebrooks gets a call soon?
I'm wandering the Expo Hall at the moment. Where are you now? I'll come to you.
Outside the courtroom while Chris Cook's jury deliberates. If convicted of strangulation & 3rd degree assault wld most likely get probation.
thanks for the props on us breaking into the Top 100 '11 RSM Index. Great news is engagement is up in 2012 1Q.
RT : Welcome Atomic Koi in Madison, you can visit them at twitter.com/atomickoi or www.atomickoi.com
Bulls it's on another Win
I would like to do a feature on you, with elements of How many tracks are out from the new project?
Thanks for stopping by Blue C for lunch! Hope it was great!
guy; I cant txt on a motorcycle me; well arent u a freakin genius DUMBASS
right now I'm just laying in bed, listening to music
hell yeah (: <3
I would love to see Lakers vs Clippers in the
its awsome! the color of the sky looks like its gonna snow:)
If you don't mind mailing it, but you would have to send a return post
Hall: I'm not obsessed with communists as my critics assume.
yeah did you get my email(s)? it was about the mail clerks. prob easier if you post w/ the whole geotargeting thing..
Old Chinese proverb..It is better to eat pussy than to eat dog....
Interviewing LUNA IS HONEY at their jam space today. Stay tuned!
Hey thats 1 hella sexy drunk hoe!!Ahahahha! & I find that middle finger to be very attractive..😍😜
“: Well let me work have fun everyone!” have a great day!!
Season 2 of Clean Livin. Episode 2 just went up today. Check it out. 'Short and Stout.'
Looking forward to 's, the future Mayor of SD, welcome address at the #cadem2012 convention tomorrow!
Undefeated takes home the oscar for Best Docu!
your so funny!!:D pahaha
I believe so! I have been great! How have you been?
I want mr. right my perfect someone whr I wont want anybody else but him
okay I want to sleep early though so you have to let me know when ur gonna start Italian or algebra or whatever haha
Looking forward to being interviewed tonight with the Commander Bruce Garrett on live radio in Vegas!!!
"...the perfect fashion photograph, is a photograph that does not look like a fashion photograph...” --Helmut Newton
I'm digging your products..I am interested will send you direct message when ready. Awesome product. Follow back.
guess emergenC will have to do then. Lol
Email me at .au I'll help you out
Your Oso Faraway essay post is really a good read.
i don't yahoo
Feels like moment when we were waiting on to come OUT!
Just ordered my tickets for the Playoff game on Friday. #Comets on Friday and #SportingKC on Saturday. WOOHOO!!
Does any one any venue/booking contacts in Dallas or Denton? One of our shows fell through. Thanks in advance.
Ok guys, i just got this new twitter. i had one before but i decided to get a new one just for my fans. thank you for all your support (:
“Libraries are the heart of every community, keeping our minds and spirits alive.” ~ Gail Lukasik
At it again tonight...performing LIVE at Cloud Nine at Donald Ross Village in Palm Beach Gardens!!
do you think the #musical arts of students should be graded better have a better musical program
Bummer, You promote free wifi that doesn't work. Otherwise, your service is pretty awesome.
The new "Titanic" ending is a slow, intimate 3D shot of Jack's growing erection as he and Rose go for round-two on a life raft.
#sschat I agree!
Haha, mr. Mason is a pretty cool guy! Not gonna lie!
Sorry! I am trying not to, and think I'm being pretty fair here. Also never said anywhere not to wear a helmet.
:) RT : "I just want Jeff Bridges to tell me a story" -
When you find Excuse, Never pick it up.
/ancient-mysteries Traditions, Religions, Rituals, Mysticism etc. in antiquity
happy birthday to my beautiful twins & 😊❤
Why do ppl in boston call beggars hobos? They're bums not hobos. Hobos are nomadic.
RT : "Art is much less important than life, but what a poor life without it." - Robert Motherwell
The voting for #mrcampusfreshman has been extended to Thursday at midnight! Throw out a RT to #votehouston - www.hercampus.com/mr2015
LMFAO I'm feeling this drink you know what I mean
if you need a hand on that don't hesitate to ask ya know? :) I'll even pick you up at the airport just because I'm a nice
Austin,Tx tonight. Geisha room. 422 congress. At 5th.
Don't be what people want you to be. Be yourself and find people who truly love you for what and who you are.
id be amazing to get a tweet tweet from you to prove to you guys DO love me,cause she says you don't:(</3
I still can't get over how many confederate flags I saw in Montana & Indiana.
I did solo after 12 hours flying
we like the music on your site :) Great job on
And then you feel stupid for believing he might probably like you.
~:-( Obviously the "oh crap" forehead scrunch.
has defeated UCI once already this season. Let's do it again.
Andrew Garfield News - Andrew Garfield, Emma Stone&#39;s Boyfriend ...
this would be for NYC
Always those times when u think u know something when you find out you dont know anything
What's going on today people
creating commemorative books is another FORTE of Bella Forte. What better way to honor that extraordinary person.
its easy to throw it away, but its safer to call us... May I schedule your appointment today? (832)545-3949.
The only difference between a rich person and a poor person is how they spend their time-Robert Kiyosaki
ron paul
Nothing feels better in the morning than sand in your toes and the waves lapping against your feet.
You know what, I was thinking the same thing. You are so funny.
OMG now everyone who knows me knows I love me some Mary, but she has set our people back 47 years with that Burger King Commercial...
white boy got mad at me cause ion like tecno music ... he gone tell me i would like it if i had robot ears lmfao !!
Thank you to the lovely, newly retired lady who called just now. You are hilarious and beautiful. I imagine we'd have a lot to talk about.
NO she can not pick him!!! WTF
Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end.
Me too. Wish they had had better arcs like the past few episodes earlier... show got real stupid at some points before.
I am back, after a much needed vacation. Looking forward to connecting with all you again. Have a great week!!
Ah yes ... You made the trip from Washington DC worth again.. Been here since the foundation!!
Not too many people can say that their dad was the first to do something in their country.. I am so happy to be a Starita indeed
thx for making my day!
Getting Business Plans and Public Relations shit sorted out... Even tho I know this won't happen for the next year - 2 years :/
LOL! Most people think Africa is two countries: South African and everything else.
6am class here we go
I respect Santorum more than I do Romney.
my head hurts ):
Follow for news and updates about Comodo SSL certificates, website security, and partner information
Where are you, Ruth???
i love talented women.
#WaysToGetWomenMad callin out the b word
Okay! Do you still have my number? I got a new phone and don't have yours
Pop the cork Mercury Morris
i wanna do the gym during summer cuz the bus route is not hard at all!!! But it takes up to an hour lolol
follow me!
The Mac program? No. The feed format? Yes.
Headed to city park to check out course logistics
#Actors, looking up #PerformingArts grants. Any suggestions?
Note to God
just continuing the trend started by Cassel
#Whatsdeadin2011 you taking my sayings and actually convincing yourself that you made it up. OMG!
But let's be honest... if we had to die so that our child could be Batman... we'd first need to be billionaires.
Merry Christmas everyone.
u bet! rt sophh7_xo thanks for the follow!! :)
lol what we gone do ctfu and I have to put ty to sleep to smh
So nervous that interview would be interrogation that their being nice threw me off. Oops. Hope my aura of awesome prevailed in spite of ...
thats awesome, I wish you would have told me that at this time yesterday haha
Per Saltum => By a leap or all at once
Screenwriting tip: Difference between CLICHE and CONVENTION. Cliche: when you write it. Convention: when your producer suggests you write it
If it's a grower, isn't it automatically a shower?
We also would have taken Used Sock. Your board Burden.
Got you angry about a girl im with in all the magazines.
That awkward moment when talking to the person you've wanted to talk to for so long isn't actually awkward but instead easy and simple :D
Just got back from the ISSA Baltimore monthly meeting in Columbia. Another good session
RT thisissantho: A travel size First Aid Kit is a Must have in
please follow me back I love yuh so much (;
Growth DEMANDS a temporary surrender of security....
that's gourmet!
I can"t wait
Dr. Benjamin: "We're aware that people are dying earlier than they should in DC and other areas of the country. Where's the outrage?"
Life is its own tonic. Just drink it in big amounts.
deserves more followers. Way more informative than
RT : Where is ? (@ Kopp's Frozen Custard w/ ) - didn't see you there! Should have said hello!
AH seen it like 20 times lol RT : go watch HOLIDAY HEART Fresh and bless
it's a piece of crap. Twitter is better at delay notification!
Summer is inching closer... one sure sign: PLAYOFF HOCKEY... Watching the Philadelphia Flyers !!
I HOPE offensive lineman. Tackle? What do you think? : What position do you see the Bears going after at #19?
Black Friday Deals At Suburban Toyota. 0% on many models and Great lease deals too. Call me or come on in. Ask for Mike.
All my loving, I will send to you <3
Ah-Ha~! So the Bat houses we put up have more then one use,*veryinteresting*
Props to Paisley for going into thick of crowd!
I think it really depends on how you look at it. Nobody is proven, but what if the Chiefs like most of the dev. guys?
Stop 4 - for an apple long island
You are welcome,but you should be thanked for bringing this and Perry's culpability to light.Keep banging the drum slowly.
In the studio wit sippin some drank and blowing back.
I don't work at the mag. Like you, I'm a sleep deprived Rocker.....happily
oh and thnx for tweetin yall had me worried for a second now bac to them fries yall showed us haha lol
ugh: too hot with sweater, too cold without sweater!
u fat
Made my appointment for my drivers license 😖 im already nervous! Lol
Man i'm tired as hell at work smh power nap
Tonyc summer jam is crazy get your ass out here!!!
back at ya :)
no problem!
RT : Bachman takes Swiss citizenship. Wonder if she swore oath of allegiance to Switzerland as part of that...
Seriously glad I was at yesterday's game.
Thanks for the #FF!
Thats more like it!
M This is a great starting point for the #pegoretti Lookin' mighty tasty already!
Trivia Tuesday! True or False: Reflexology can help relieve pain from common forms of arthritis.
Jojo has lost it
I've just been around.. Doin schtuff ya know. How's your life
extremely loud and incredibly close... one of the BEST films I have ever seen!!! SO MOVING!!!! :) <3 <3
oh? well now thats that settle on to happy moments. whats up?
"To lead people walk behind them." Lao Tzu
there are always cute guys in the mall..
Great show tonight everyone! Thanks for coming out and showing your love!!!
Not bad at all. Remember when we saw Ryan Howard go all MVP on the Braves in a doubleheader? Man, a winning baseball team.
Hey lil dude I haven't talked to you in awhile :) how are you?
Gas prices shooting up because we can't use our own oil #winning!!!!!
PHOTOGRAPHERS! Need to do a TF shoot in honolulu this weekend for the release of my new modeling website~ DM me if you're interested!
Another week in gorgeous San Diego!
Outstanding hash tag.
getting sucked into Twitter searching for decor ideas for my #events. such a great place to share!
how are you looking out there, are you the starter or in a battle for the job?
#YourSexIsWEAK If that shit gets dry af...or maybe that's the niggas fault...hm???
tatts are nice Thanks for the follow
Wearing three pair of socks.
Thanks to , and for sponsoring this month's #LIW event with !
i am but i really dont want cereal i want a meal... if it wasnt so late i'd cook a pot of greens
yes, we do book acoustic shows!
Yo! Can we hook up this week?
should i make some casper for saturday? hmm
Don't give up! Not everyone can be Sheldon Cooper! :)
PUHLEESE__are we not past this racial stuff yet? I didn't notice the color..I just watched the show.
next halloween!!
Critics say your comment has pros, cons
music is life!
Business is business. So mind ya own business
#fence Your Questions About Backyard Fence Ideas
This or that: #Margaritas or #Micheladas?
Look up for One, and look out for many. -Joel Garcia
Just chatted with Judith Carson for a piece about the Walk. What an amazing woman who has dedicated herself to helping others.
How about fun optical accessories and eyewear for Mother's Day? We're offering 20% off La Loops -- perfect gift idea!
I thank god for everything he has done for me (: down to keeping me out of trouble & keeping my leading lady here . -- # only can thank him
My fuckn I.D is expired :(
Starting to eat my groceries before I check out YOLO
I Put D'Ziyah to sleep. She was so quiet when I was holding her.♡
Man oh man my poor body is shot, a good rub down by babe & a blunt & I think I shall be fine :)
Just now saw your tweets, thanks so much for the recommendation!
things are really stale for Netflix Instant. Terrible selection overall
followed, follow back ♥♥
Love the new face of CareerBuilder! :)
We #mashin ova here fam!!! U had ERYBODY #ROCKIN!!! RT Was good its was good to see ya at bella32
You can log in & update from your phone's browser without fb saving your number, but it's true, #thezucksucks p.s.
Looking forward to seeing your website Paul. #772sp11 hastag step
Cool, I'll be there early watching with the See you then
Thanks guys! Definitely let us know when we do and we'll help promote it.
:) im going to ask u a very important question tomorrow okay? I have to get ready for bed now xP but i'll tty tomorrow?
<3 Like I Need Some New Textin Buddies No.. (UGLEIS) -Girls Can Like-
Lauren great meeting you at the expo.
I guess not many people break free from the apple cult.
For those of you interested in coming to the ALPFA board meeting, we will be meeting at 8. We will discuss elections!
That's great! I tried the cone/t-ball catching game with him last night. He loved it! So fun to try different things out w/him.
BUT, IMO, Joshua doesn't belong n the finals.
It's my birthday! What are you favorite Birthday Freebies?
#wardamneagle Auburn's #4, and #camnewton is trending worldwide:) what a great weekend!
listened to your old album that came out in 1998. Still know all the words. <3 Love you Aaron!
Happy #Easter to all!!
I make the gym a priority after baby's bedtime. If no one can watch him I do a workout video!
And my search continues...
Built it al up to throw it al away
Thanks :) There's no competing with your Christmas Card photo!
yay i'll be working there hopefully it doesn't rain
we need to stop by first colony
Watched Titanic and Top Gun today
guess you're still showing up to work tomorrow bro.
Either I am high on life or I am floating. heeheehee
Typical Twitter. Get me back on that list.
140 limit is usually enough ... Tonights hangout was so great...not just for collaboration, but for meeting my online colleagues!
It never hurts to be too optimistic.
Eye tunes!!!
I've never quite heard it put that way, but you're right. While I don't support lying, if I had to choose, I gotta choose women.
What do you do if you have a zit? Ice it with your freshly poured wine glass
now watching #dirtydancing one of the best movies of all time
awesome article! Very encouraging. I can't wait to hit the 4,000 blog post mark
yeah if u do 'harry styles' u have to scroll down but if u add 'x-factor' to it ull get it easier
green beans, and neck
uploaded some "new" music vids. check them out!!! :)
Your words are forgiven, for your love I say "thank you". At least I'm honest with you, and we broke up nicely ...
Yes! #orioles remain undefeated in arbitration hearings since 1995 - the only winning streak Angelos seems to care about
#FF some great accounts! Honestly.
Boy or Girl fish?
Don't take the things God does for you for granted. Celebrate every little thing God does in your life!
I love you lol
for the rest of the niqht, i will not be the first one to call/txt someone. im tired of startn the convos -_-
The survey says to rank "in order of importance" but does not specify if high or low # corresponds to most important. 1/2
Feels weird not sitting next to and watching one tree hill on this flight. Guess this crying baby will have to do.
I am somewhat concerned about how many times the announcers have said #sportingkc in the last 30 min.
You cute, so what? You ain't gonna tie me down. ;)
Denver Browns beat Cannons 12-1 and Uptown Browns lose 11-3 to Tiger-Cats.
Person: where you from me: IM FROM NEW YORK BITCH * trying to make a ny accent * LOL
Thanks for listening Yuuki!
Pittsburgh Commemorative jacket! Free football patch if we win this years Super Bowl Jacket is 299.00 (412) 973-8262
bo... lol im going tomorrow night
Thanks for your participation! Have a great rest of your week!
My friend is using an R2D2 spatula in lieu of lightsaber.
In shock at the loss of #AdrienneRich. Between her and #Szymborska the world has already lost too much poetry this year. Their words live on
Do you have Betamax and Laserdisc players too? The retro video production market is about to explode and we want in on it early.
First time you watched it?
Day 29 of 100: I am grateful for a glass full of water (I'm at one third of my hundred days; this is gotten into a habit, I might continue )
Where are the laker fans lol I thought you guys would be talking shit llmao
yes hes it does :P
I didn't even get to taste it. We stuck it in the freezer to eat next weekend. Joe was happy with it which is a good sign.
Acting class, venue check out, dinner with mentor maybe, movie night with the loved ones! <3
Thanks for the RT!
I'm awake far earlier than I'd like.. so I'd might as well make some breakfast and get some work done while the pup and Pike are snoozing :)
I'm going to be honest, everyday I feel like I wanna punch my mom, she makes me so pissed .
That was Uthoff saying he appealed it. Doesn't mean he did.
God Did Not Call Me To Be Successful, He Called Me To Be Faithful
Interesting article.
I truly feel sorry for anyone who is trying to get close to me these days. I'm distant. I only want to talk about Swamp Thing.
is the best thing I ever decided to do.
Beyond angry
RT "Our Bachelors may not stay engaged, but our audience does" -Anne Sweeney
RT : “What comes into our minds when we think about God is the most important thing about us.” ― A.W. Tozer
but now i do !!! you better have me dancing at that front door !! lol
i'm cold in this place.
RT -#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying people that think your world revolves around them. :D
For sure. I let Chris know and we are happy to have you!
Gamel's first blast of the 2012 season. More to come please sir!
Whoa. This Fray National Anthem is horrible. #March Madness
ahh i think you guys are gonna like the next cover :)
i wish would follow me back
It would a been sad for his family lol
The orange Thai Fogo chili pepper plant that I took indoors last October & brought back outside last month, is about to flower.
200 days til opening ceremonies in London. Been preparing for this since closing ceremonies in Beijing.
I'm going to direct non-investment-or-politics-related tweets to incessantly :D
ATTENTION!!!! FOLLOW THE NICE SHES AMAZING DO IT OW THANKS
I probably hate you as much as i want to save you.
Total BS call.
Im gonna find a way to make it without you tonight.....
": Jeff Mathis: pinch-runner."
Just made a hail mary partnership pitch for the Project.
Thank you! Lots of nice blog posts from FAAN!
I hear tell that earlier this evening, a governor's wife was at a local salon getting a spray tan. I shan't say which governor.
Terrific! RT : From the business meeting, OAH Executive Director Katherine Finley reports 2,206 in attendance at
i am dying over that "colon" one...
Seriously. Migrating this site from one server to another has been such a pain in the ass. Direct dump, upload, posts don't show.
That exact one.
I want that relationship where .. Everybody and they mama know we together <3
Lots of volleyball this weekend w/ Friday & today. Missed at the office today.
its very quickly turned into one of those days
One thing i hate is a sneaky mf. Ugh:-\
Ya we daced on table tops and we took to many shots think we kissed but i forgot
homelessdogmusic supports helping all animals in need what can we do
A risky bet: Dodge & Cox seeks to regain its glory The nine-manager team that runs this blue-chip-oriented portfolio has never been afrai
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands. Robert M. Pirsig
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can stand my style of music.
my whole upper thigh. every time.
MY HEAD IS RED MY HEAD IS RED AAHH
's Golf Central is a joke. Come on, TDub won yesterday. What about Q-School coverage. Barf on the kiss Tiger's ass coverage.
Good I'm happy for you you deserve the best! Whats his name? I'm pretty good just getting through the last weeks of school
word! Peace brother!
Teach your child to be a good steward of money. Open a savings account for them. - Curtis May
no at least turn bi.lol
we are sitting here at lunch cracking up at your tweets
*reaches hand towards your's* the crew shall be united soon dear amigo! Soon 😪
thank you so much!!!!
That's fine. I was just wondering if you were the one who answers the phone?!
When you see crazy comin, cross the street.
For sure. Landon is a prima donna who disappears in critical games. Both will be surpassed by a dominant player soon (hopefully).
Making dinner for my valentine. Hopefully he's still talking to me after he eats it.
All architecture firms and architects should find fulfillment in #outreach of skills in true pro-bono work
I'm going to bring into my dream as the milkman.
Time's up! Tune in tomorrow for your chance to win a & spruce up your walls this holiday.
Hope you can get over your self-hatred and start thinking you deserve some rights. it's a deep hole you're in there.
Sadly, disagree: Good content is good content & will always rise to the top, it just might take some time
“: There isn't a "big man" playing better than Kevin Garnett right now” Marc Gasol
"A library card is the start of a lifelong adventure." ~Lilian Jackson Braun
Waiting on my car to get its oil changed and the all the TV is playing is #Kourtney&KimTakeNewYork
Livin' for my son, and I ain't even got one...
"He's the ambassador. I'm the tourist." A white docent in residence welcomes a denizen of the Bronx to Poe's historic house.
if I play the game patient and slow I'll be good .
Only teacher wearing a pink shirt.
Just saw a frantic squirrel unwrapping foil from a pile of halloween chocolates. Somebody is going to have a tummy ache.
LOUD THUNDER and lots of LIGHTNING near DIA!! Be safe, and stay indoors!
dont worry, i wont date him :p ~Devin.Anne<3
My thirst for Goofy >>
Oh honey. Me too. I give them to kiddos in exchange for their silence.
Portland #Timbers = Giant Killers?
he was scared of the storm and I tried pushing him back in his pen when he was breaking out, which I've done many times.
. I bet Tim Wakefield holds MLB record for not making playoff roster after not missing a game all season.
two more pages, two more pages, two more pages, two more pages....
We are proud to feature you
Heading to Mpls tonight to find a little trouble;-)
Happy Easter!
Crawford-"activism grows, like a tree."
Also, good luck to the writers for Dare Project 19, who pulled their dares in front of the audience last night -- we'll put them up soon.
get some comfy shoes, don't try that in Chucks. And, that is Fucking awesome. Cancer fucking sucks.
Mowing lawns in the cemetery. Getting ready for Memorial Day. I'm too old to be doing this.
LOW SCORING ASS GAME BUT A W IS A W LETS GO
Christian is having a great practice, see video later.
The Raider I hated the most is Lester the molester Hayes for cocky attitude and dirty play
If I was ur boyriend I would never let u go!!!
Morris Buttermaker cuz he figured out how to win with less talent than the royals and got a sponsorship from chico's bail bonds
no u love me more then him.
INDEED.... When the past calls, let it go to voicemail, it has nothing new to say.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet everyone in , because they're all so amazing and i love them all so much.
Pick-Up line: Let's make out so I can see if you taste as good as you look!
I wish i could smile or laugh.
12 more days!
Play or be played.
It was great connecting with you! I'm looking forward to our collaboration
ppl who lie about lies with the truth. they never wanted you.
Create short, original content. Update your site multiple times every day, no excuses. Be as loud as you can get away with.
It was, really. It was a total Linus and Lucy situation.
Something to be enjoyed at a slow pace: a game where a high score is [
It's like n ugly person slashing every1' s face so as not 2 stand out. Heard of 'Accountability' ?
Everything in Winston Salem is against the law.
Shall we pick a song to begin with? I've been listening to Rihanna on repeat lately. What would Scandy listen to?
follow back.
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it! ~ Jim Goodwin and/or Sydney J. Harris ~
At GW business school graduation. No offense to the graduates but I got up at 5 AM. I may take a nap.
I doubt it!! The #Packers r on a level that no one n the #NFL can match!! 9-0 2nite!!
Are you a sophomore interested in a future career in business? Be a prestigious Baker Scholar! Applications are due this Friday at noon.
LA trmw...i love the bay though, dont really want to leave yet
Sorry heat, time to sit down! GOT
KEEPIN UP WIT THE JONES'
Got me on that one.... bahahaha. RT : I'm your #1 African American fan! I'M YOUR BLACKEST FAN!
Hah! I know so many who think the skills transfer, but they certainly do not.
I wonder if in the world of The Walking Dead I'm still alive. Somehow, I'd face death with Katy Perry. I'd say sorry for talking shit.
Well put and thank you for sharing that. We set a goal to ourselves to make prayer more accessible. Pls see: www.birdofprayer.org
Let me get this Dicefinger aka Goldfinger/ 007 film short script together LOL... Philly to Vegas
Haven't been as much as a chatty cathy lately as I normally have been with my tweets, hm. Guess I've been more of a passer by.
Twisting tonight at Chili's in Wilmington, Ma. from 6-8 Pm. Kids always Eat FREE! Come in and Visit!
Seau shot himself in the chest, so they could examine his brain. That's fucked up.
YOU are a riot!!! I thought I'd tell you on the off chance you didn't already know this. HA!
thanks for coming! It was wonderful to see you as well :)
good to see you again :) how have you been?
I freaking love fruit smoothies, I just love them. I get cranky now if I don't have one everyday.
#Powerhouse2012 Soul Swagger Ent/Island Def Jam Artist Jonny Tee Video Shoot May 12th @ Sandbar Lounge in
that just takes me to my linkedin profile :(
I split beer on my phone last night. Call Vic if you need me.
What kind of douchebag has a picture of himself in his wallet?
Looking forward to hanging tonight with The Weasel himself, Pauly Shore, and the rest of the usual suspects.
I understand dSpace requires lot more programmer effort than fedora but I don't know. I intend to play with both soon.
Anybody want a peanut?
Got the best titties on Twitter!!#
Fact of the day: A Venus flytrap can eat a whole cheeseburger
Just renewed with Flickr for another year. Wondering if it's still worth paying for photo storage. Any free alternatives?
But I've done nothing that I can shout about
He has a vision for how EVMS can best serve this community.
RT : True generosity is giving everything you have to every moment, and is the way of nonattachment.
Apparently I'm also a HUGE Fan of Final Fantasy 8 given all the Bandai figures and fancy Summon toys I have. Too big, gotta sell. :(
sometimes she's hard to understand, but I like her voice a lot. aka #thevoice :)
Many a day had my grandfather holding a cigarette to one to get it out.
Homemade pumpkin bars and cream chz frosting:check. Chili simmering on the stove:check! My apt smells amazing!
Does he know about deep-fried butter?
Sounds like fun. I look forward to seeing it.
#WeWillAlwaysSupportAustin:) I will never stop supporting you
I think it sounds great.. gonna need a new arena first...
BAD.. CO SHADYVILLE
hey be pushy n loud my way i like noise and physicality jk follow me por favor!
here as you know. ;) and thank you!!! Drinks are phenom.
thanks for the follow it really made my day and i cant wait to get your shirt its gonna make mhe even happy I<3 you
Message me
Honestly boy, WHY DO YOU KEEP IGNORING ME?
When you hear a song and get chills
Happy Monday #ClubAwesome! Hope you all have a great week!
absolutely amazin show tonight you fuckin rocked it and did u see me making a Z with my hands LOVE U ur the best hands down
I hope it's not true
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
We're watching that one too!
Saw my crush after like 7 months. Hurts. More than I thought.
The website appears to be down
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME! And I know u r seeing all my tweets!
Never ask for a happy ending...at the dentist.
Our first ever newsletter is coming out tomorrow. Go to kustomthrills.com and sign up today... don't miss out!
hard ass practice. So.. Two killers.. Non stop. Ee
If you go and follow and give shout out I will love you forever ((: Tweet me when you doo<3
thank you for following us! Good luck in the contest -
i want to tweet photos at the #PODHBCU conference next month - do i need to open a yfrog account in order to be able to do that?
I don't feel pretty. Must summon mojo.
so comfy too!
: NOON TODAY welcomes writer & scholar Todd Gitlin for talk on Student Center East, 750 S. Halsted
Can't say I didn't see the firing of #lariviere at Oregon coming--too bold and creative for the powers that be. UO needs him.
I should be studying, but I get distracted too easily. x)
you are so anti #Ravens it isent even funny! But #ravennation will have the last laugh when we raise the trophy
MF Changed #'s On Mee. Can't Mention Ahh MF NOR Stop To Stay Hello... Smh *Head Held Dwn*
Just came back from San Jose,CA PTA convention, wow inspirational! I learned so much.
There's no mature way to say "Stop copying me."
Absolutely LOVED B's Choice. It was the only logical one to make. C and B belong together!!!!!!!! Goodbye Lonely boy
Entrées are served with garlic breadsticks, fingérpaint & garden-fresh paste I just registered olivegarten.com
Thinks the only thing keeping his grading nausea at bay is this edible bouquet!
Today's Beverly Specials: Soup of the day is Carrot Ginger. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
It's official... flip flop weather is here!!! Get a half price #pedi with any hair service!! Only $19!!
You all should follow Regardless of your feelings on KONY2012, she is really smart!
Perhaps it is best to take the stairs.
I really don't like limits!
Yeah, I felt too pressured.
RT : It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. ~ Henry Ward Beecher
IT'S THROWBACK THURSDAY (; did you forget?
What are the odds of the game going into late night? I can prob get down there around 630ish.
You guys were everywhere last night - great game! Awesome defense!
I've heard about them a bit but honestly I don't really know much about them
thanks for the follow. Love the logo.
Guessing all those boys' basketball schedules I typed in for the 2012-13 WI BB Yearbook will be changed with new starting date.
Sundays- Latin Night - Cancun Cantina - Hanover w/Salsa, Bachata, Reggaeton...say Sue Elliott -www.baltimoresalsablog.com sent you.
Paul said, "I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die ..for the name of the Lord Jesus."~Acts 21:13
You're welcome! ♥ RT Thank you, Brooks.
the avengers
It was gr8 meeting u! RT : I went to "Enterprise Your Life"!
ur ipod?!?!? what r u saying u never told me y u were mad and u dont have to just know that i am here for u
Any noise can act as a shamans rattle to chase away negative spirit, even an internal hum.
Everyone that knows Annie knows that Annie is terrified of storms at night.
He is my world...
i see you looking wit cha lookin ahh clown :D
I look down and feel the exact same honey! I love you
Listening to your cousin right now!
What I get from church is motivation. My dad gave me your 'Keep Reaching' sermon years ago. It moves me every time I listen.
No school for me tomorrow! Yay 3 day week :)
canceling cable for this weekend!
LMAO JUST DIED
My newfound love for kiwi >>>>
Please don't lose the snark!
Preds game, is comin to the ville, and the Porter Wagoner fishin tourney. It's gonna be a crazy weekend!
The word "underserved" is so close to "undeserved" that whenever I read about helping underserved schoolchildren I think "why?"
We are the 2%
"They asked me about global warming and all I could think about was the Earth wearing one of those over-sized sweaters my grandma makes."
Hey Mike, just so you know, Kenny Werner is also going to be doing a FREE and open to the public masterclass at Levine on Sat.
So steamed
All the Buddhas of all the ages have been telling you a very simple fact: Be -- don't try to become. ~Osho
Feelin Famous Babe !
Who will be at the Local #chefchallenge this weekend ? Wishing so bad I could be a taste-tester on this one...
-___- like I know where that's
And yet again he blogged shameless, corrupt, depraved, and vicious
Kinda dreading formal now. That gym is small and I cant avoid the people i want to avoid:P
I noticed. Good work :)
#AustinMakeANewCover please love you
what's the secret!?
I might have to try that
aha. It looks like something I've had that is from Mongolia. NYC has it?
No worries - thanks for the effort and appreciate it!
friday.... thank god!
“: it's about 80 degrees..bit of a sunburn..all windows are open..and how's your day??” Aw sure rub it in! Hawaii next wk!!
Is my sister in law punking me? Mother's Day lunch at a sports bar?!?
We are honored to represent "Access DuPage" an NPO that provides healthcare to over 13,000 low-income DuPage County residents every year.
No, we're FP. We're just a bunch of college freshman who started a business to help people. :) Scrounging for resources haha
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 19
Or A Deal Who Knws Jus Pleas Go Check Hm Out On Facebook Basedqod (KissmhaSwag) So He Cn Ptt Memp. On Da Map By U Sgn Hm
Trying to come up with a picture that makes me look like a technology master. Wishing I had worn a different shirt.
thanks g. It's so fkn crazy. Come meet your nephew soon
whenever i feel like it
A Bugs Life is such a stupid movie.
Our lives is similar 2 the weather when were doing good its well balanced,calmed in full cruise control & no rainy days in our forecast
Friday I'm in love...
i need my bestfriend.
you should follow
Jason Kidd is only 65 mins played from passing Stockton for most mins played by a guard in NBA history.
Lookin' forward to tonight! My band & I will be playing @ Hondo's in Fredericksburg, TX from 8-11:30pm. Good food & live music - come on!
Like 2hrs left
Define old??? LOL! Yep, we've got a busy spring.
is bringing half of Iceland home with her... or at least twenty pounds of it.
The movie will never be as good as the book because Hollywood will ALWAYS sacrifice story for profit.
I promise to live tweet your Nancy Hanks #arts lecture w/ the same alacrity and wit with which you live tweeted the
Yeah I love u, BUT I don't like u
Somewhere a lonely robot is waiting by their robophone for that special someone to robocall them.
So one car spins with no contact and heads into the pit and it's a full course caution? WTF? Is #NASCAR for princesses? #F1 FTW
I'm SO glad! My policy expires there this month, and I was prepared to move! :) Thanks
will #Peyton come in as a the starter and bye bye #Tebow or will tebow stick around for guidance from manning???
Carpet cleaning isn`t the only high quality service Revolutionary Cleaning delivers.
me too!!! For instance what does #FF mean?! Lol
Hey I found a new favorite Moscato!! Cupcake Vineyards Moscato has taken over the top of my fave wines list!!
It's a happy moment for twitter! My phones dying and I have no charger. I see your smiles already.
#prayersformeagan and her family. I will never forget you.
Apparently I'm popular in real life although you wouldn't know it in real life.
There are 15 other Peter James Smiths on , but has definitely won the best twitter handle contest.
M, stir, crunch, crunch, crunch, heaven.
integration with Facebook is very hit or miss, works superbly with twitter & foursquare.
Hate that I can't forward on demand.
Tom Benson is buying the Hornets. Now New Orleans can finally pull off that trade for Lamar Odom.
Didn't even notice that. That opens him up to more jokes though.
Following Arsenal v. Sunderland via twitter. Oh, how I miss the snarky, sarcastic tweets of the footie bloggers.
Chemistry test time...a little nervous
RT : Sometimes all u got to do when u pray is say thank u. Every morning I thank the man for every blessing.
. totally agree. Great recruiting job for Stanford, but let's see what he does with that talent. Fingers crossed. /cc
My life should be a Cinemax!
Uhg i hate this. Theres noting reasonable to even say
the dump video is freakin funny! Sounds like he's butthole is on fire haha
thanks for the
“: Haha not stalkers luckily. Nice fans :) now friends!!! Party mode ON” stranger danger!!!!!
“Sometimes, karma doesn't work that's why revenge is essential.”
how's twitch?
First 3 to reply get free pass to tonight's Tequila Fest in Austin ($25 ea)! W.casachapala.com
Experimenting with my new phone ... typing is hard on these things!
Appreciate your RT:-)
Good morning and Good Monday Atlanta, rough weekend for a Georgia sports fan, thought our Falcons were going to pull that one out
This is the #playoffs baby!!!! love it. This series has officially reached meltdown level
first day with grandma here was a success!<3
till I need to re up
That taco salad was that shhhhhhhhhhhheeeeettttt
where is the self-development/conf option i can share with folks to learn to take responsibility for their lives/work etc?
Thanks for following me.Stay creative and blessed.
#ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30s have anything about team edward or team jacob in your bio lol
This is gonna sound stupid, but I would go to war.
I'm curious about what responses you get for this...
Happy Valentine's Day ♥
I love you too
And how about Flaco's long range shot in the first half that barely missed?
Whos writing this stuff
nah. Stevie will be there though. Maybe our drummer Alex too. You should still check it out. We'll be back after thanksgiving
It's advantageous to an author that his book should be attacked as well as praised.To keep fame,it must be struck at both ends.SamuelJohnson
Spread the word! We are looking for a drummer.
Yea sometimes she do too much... but she da only one on here that actually back her stuff up... cuz Evelyn only throw drinks LMAO
When are you done with finals?
"Sometimes what you want isn't always what you get, but in the end what you get is so much better than what you wanted."
Dj, if i ask you to play "anything beyonce" and you play single ladies..you lose creativity points, and we can't be
": Get out and vote in the PA Democratic primaries today! It's important to exercise your right to vote, even in primaries."
Lucky!!! Take pics when installed, thinking about it as well.
Fun fact: is featured in a photo of college newspapers in McGraw-Hill's Advertising & Promotion textbook.
Join our mailing list to get the latest updates
hate us so hard right now
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Mike Mishkin! All the best to you!
Great post, Bob!
Are author videos the new article abstract? I think not, but agree that thinking about media-rich future scholarship is interesting
Day 4 and 1 flight already down only 4 more to go then to try to get home
im mad and sad right now. I feel the tears coming on :"(
RT - The New England Patriots Are Once again on Top Yet again Error Reported, We are sorry for that !
Lol Check Out My New Profile Picture
i substituted french fries w/ cool ranch doritos. not a much better choice.
last one, it was good considering this was an odd time for 's fans
Juss gave my bby a bath he smell good :)
At 1 a.m. today, 570 students took advantage of our 24/7 study space this week in Geisel Library--and there's room for more.
DIXON, IL, PIRANAH IS COMING! Benefit 4 the family of JEFF LINSCOT & it will be held April 7the @ the Moose Lodge in Dixon.
Cant wait to see you in the future when you need me again..... Hahaha Payback is a bitch!
- great to meet you at #GCUC, and thanks for giving us a lift. so sorry to miss the shindiggery tonight!
what about run joe run joe
: Great demo of Amplify tool to aggregate industry social data and share with workforce
Hi's & Lows for the DeMatha family. going to the chip in Cumberland..tough loss for Coach Brey & J. Grant.
Not embarrassing at all. I'm missing it, too :(
Fav pajamas, Christmas tree lights, hot green tea, Frank Sinatra playing in the background, and my kindle on pg 230 of my new book!
We have some giveaways to celebrate our launch! Stay Tuned!
Wesley Bennett is the next coach fortner... except he's an over-achiever.
awe thanks boo (: hahaha
Oh gosh I'm so tired ill have to tweet the pictures and that tomorrow :D :') can't believe how amazing it was!
It is also rare, for it requires uncommon humility, tolerance, and wisdom
Are you ready?????
Irish Proverb~ Every invalid is a doctor.
Hey as a long time on time paying customer, I have to say I am so disappointed right now.
haha :) my hair is just too thick,but its soft :)
Romans 8 today!
miss her hair
So today I walked back into my 1st Equity Chorus Call in 2 years...prior to the audition I was laughing out of control - NERVOUS TWITCH?
Join me this morning on the Richard Randall show -- 740AM KVOR.
Hey! !! it was like we've knoweach other for years! Lol Goodtimes!
thanks . Looks like those strong cells over Frederick/Clark counties in VA are headed towards Mt. Weather, then Middleburg?
I'll be right behind you homie.
Thanks! It took me 3 times but I finally did it.
I scared tommorow she cant go ):
One week from today, and I will at Animal Kingdom to see giraffes! Can't wait!
You're right, it's much easier to read. Maybe once the iPhone textbooks take off there will be a bigger push for Kindle ebooks.
That's the first drum beat I ever learned!
damn you fine ahh..
you're the best! We're using #AWSEarthDay. Are you coming to the picnic after? Free food!
Encourage new members to visit any #rotary club in the WHOLE world. It's exciting to travel around and meet Rotarians.
leg warmers, too, don't forget those.
Heading to Laredo TX for business. Saaawwweeeeeettt.
Its playoff time in san antonio #gospursgo we going for #5 !
I don't wanna leeeeaaaave!!!!
its called I'm a big bad senior idis
RT : My fave Hetrick PR moment was the 5 "Ws" plus one. [who, what, where, when, why and WHO CARES?]
i wonder how long u can go without sleep before dying
Yup. All the Sun journalists. The Sun total doesn't count journalists working for our community news group though.
Game time! LETS GO MIAMI
u trip me out.
I've been working remotely for almost 2 weeks. Now I'm on my way in to the office and not really interested in being there.
what sister?
Good morning 2 all.time 2 get the day going.
Happy holidays everyone!
can you be mature for once in your life? and you call yourself a senior?
Why I can't be me? Cause erybody wanna b
“: Just want to start by tweeting, "Happy Teacher Appreciation Week!!" You all really rock!!! #flipclass #4thchat #edtech”
I'm pretty sure I'm down
Yay just met :)
I want an r2d2 cake
RT : i just wish there was some way of knowing what would happen if a mildly retarded repub guv from texas became president.
Anchorage Open house this Saturday. 11 - 3. Music, train rides, hot dogs, balloons! And some great deals on summer train rides.
ALLSTAR WEEKEND IS ALMOST HERE GET READY PARTY BUS IS ON THE WAY
nice. sounds like is classin' it up a bit.
good thing i closed the gamecast
my life.
Playing hooky from grad class tonight in favor of reading Hunger Games on my balcony
Any time! It was a lot of fun!
About to push away from the gate! See you Monday Milwaukee!
I'M BORED
Glad you found the information useful!
wow I just realized I've missed like 3 weeks of it cause I've been watching baseball on wednesday nights haha
I'd be anxious to see me too RT : Real anxious to see her, but I'ma remain patient...
Exactly! My fave: "coach brought World Peace...off the bench". Coach B is 1st person ever given credit for WP.
that said unless the private university outsourced the pension investment function, your suspicions may be correct
Jesus Loks does love me. & Karla said so :(
Great mtg w/you 2day. Solid year end meeting.
[RIDE FOR ME] has officially hit over 9 MILLION on youtube!! THANKS SO MUCH FOR THE SUPPORT!!
That was sick.
Jeff- Is there a patch/driver that will make the 4500 printer work with OS X Lion?
#BILLBOARDAWARDS can't wait!!!
Rolled a bomb in on 18 to win by one stroke. RT “: WOW....look at who's still got it!”
Big day ahead digging into 5.0!
Love getting a #goblue from a random person as I walk to the office. Great way to start the day.
Damn people!!! Stop interacting with me. Lol
lololol yuck. I don't even get why they follow random people. What are they trying to accomplish? Haha
He said: I keep trying to die but they won't let me. She said: Well you can't get everything you want.
Had a great Easter.
#RipBiggie 15 yrs ago today, 1 of the most influential MC's the game has ever witnessed died!
I hope to God that it's just part of the virus and just the whole "you'll have to just run its course" stuff.
Thanks Ernie! Very cool.
Ryan Braun.... Wow
still super sick :'(
Obama did the same thing here that he did in Maine, and I thought it was a shit decision in both places.
Why the senister picture of Tiger on Vanity Fair cover? Looks criminalish What's up w/that?
he has it on Friday :) every Friday
Things said at yesterday's concert: I think there's someone stealing girl's pants. She ran like a gazelle when the 3 cop cars showed up! ...
dont you dare call Chachi a fake..IVE lost respect for you cause ur starting shit online..just stop right now...ridiculous
#sacscoc identify class goals/link to student goals
Sitting in bed doing homework for hours om end every day is getting really annoying and old.
About to hop on this young shower n get ready for school
These Merchant Application PDFs are fascinating.
Not crazy about the matchup with the Lions but if u need a WR to start, you could do worse than Earl Bennett.
Buzzing in the Beehive. Great working space. Thanks !
Cheapening is often shorthand for generational shift.
Do you have a question about the social safety net that you'd like us to take to the White House tomorrow? Tweet us at
They totally can be. So can computer code, believe it or not. :) But that's a good one for sure.
#LMSunSIG accessibility- google voice transcription-one of every three words makes sense
Never Felt This Wayy
yooo tell my bestfriend i will be out there next week.
hey did you like my card from last night? :)
Markets are digesting all those triple digit moves. Get ready for a ride. Up or down. Short the waves. Shorting 101 by Dietch
Bruh its a nigga in fitness connection dreaded harder than bob marley. I would twitpic dis nigga but I'm no groupie
Congrats to my son, coach Law, the Pup, for a state championship season in Texas. Way to go man.
When I'm txting someone and someone else takes their and txts me instead and I have to reply and be nice<<
Hi everyone! How are you doing? I hope your weekend rocked. Did you make it by #SUBWAY? :)
"...also, I don't want to 'fuck my couch,' ok?" ...it's a real thing, skeetin in ya furniture cushions...smh...
youre more than welcome
uggh never seen but I can imagine..
Damn this SNOW WHITE is hella stoney
I need to start looking for a summer job -_-
Good luck! Kick butt, my friend!
Niall may be getting a separate flight from the other boys.
Today I realised that when you blink really fast it looks like a strobe light. I've been having random parties throughout the day.
Thanks Tim Ruiz at . I now have tickets to see #Cubs take on the #Padres this Wed. Yippee!
great to meet you at Mad Square today Troi! A lovely intro to NY- I'll be back!
could be...than I wonder if #RFM was utilized to generate the mail segments?!
So far we've done nothing at school only 4 more hours it something like that
Urbanovsky Park - 6 PM - Ultimate Frisbee & Volleyball - Be there!!! Fun & games followed by some worship!
can I come over
At the back Doc now...hoping to get some relief. Fingers crossed.
good indeed.
#Letterman should moderate presidential debates. His interview with Herman Cain was very good.
FREE scooter rental challenge coming soon....STAY TUNED! Don't miss on the chance to win a FREE 7 day scooter rental delivered to your hotel
Last tweet: Hugo Claus, Wonder
I'm guessing tomorrow's raw is going to be big? Best of luck to you in your match.
Dnt kno y I'm still up can't sleep😔
Happy Easter everyone!!! Hope you are having a great day: )
lmao!! I don't even know what that means, but hang in there for a few more days. ya got it!!
cuz I missed you...
I got it....Thanks tho. I am a little slow today
its 11:18pm, should i start my homework now??
- #delivered - good one!
hanging out with my family in VA can u call me cause my phone screen is fucked up
There is no Djokovic era.
It's a good thing we're moving soon because the yelling in here is getting intense.
Your my Angel sweet Angel of mine
"Don't make me come down there." -God Hahaha
Black On Black Murder ♥
"You look tired" is just another fancy way to tell someone they look like shit... why not just say that in the first place?
you're*
No Coogs, you're the man
Does Iced coffee help you work smarter? 77% of respondents to a DD survey say that drinking iced coffee makes them more productive-
When you limit the purpose of any given space, you clarify the space around it. Limiting options for where something can go is clarifying
Takes alot of work to produce and direct my short film, but I love it!z!!
Laying the foundation for accountable care presented by Dr. Steve Waldren today at 11 a.m. at TransforMED booth (6466) at HIMSS 2012.
My nails lookin Gorgeous lol;i did some stripe lookin stuff :)
LOVES the sudden downpour and thunder and lighting -- and is happy she watched it from inside. :)
And I decided you look well on me
,Your Tweets Crack Me Up Man! lol XD <3
You cannot be great without enjoying the process
Tibetan Book of the Dead, my professor recommended it. On my summer reading list once school is done.
Wait... the homeless use stuff and we can make money from it?!?!
See, damn, run an offense and all is well. Keep it together KU
yes!!! I may be asleep on that couch haha
c. breezy lookin like a sexier, younger version of dennis rodman in "international love." baby, really diggin that suit and blonde hair
EVERYBODY SHUT THE HELL UP. 4 MINUTE SPIDER MAN PREVIEW!
does this mean you're buying the Bobcats?
This! I can't wait to see you guys again! {RT : Missing my #QCMerge friends! I'm lookin at you !
RT I ain't payin none of these loans back salley mae can kiss my ass!
Start the new year off right, we're open for brunch til 230. Loaded hashbrowns sound good? :D
I'ma show you a punk
He who receives a benefit should never forget it; he who bestow should never remember it.
playing juke for a crowd that is making me feel old at Sonar.
Shit happens, its #Life!
thank you <3
just got home kinda just well anyways s mad at me so.....
Always makes me so happy when I get to see two of my favorite people and :)
Amen! MT Hiring criteria: Enthusiasm. Passion. Energy. Engagement. Curiosity. Breadth. Thoughtfulness. Listening intensity.
Ankles aren't meant to bend that way.
Appreciative of RT << wishing u all a wonderful evening, happy Friday & a great weekend!!
Singing the songs of Jerry Herman tonight! 6 pm! You won&#39;t miss any of the good Oscars.
you looked really lovely in your dress! and its so you! I hope you had a great time at Gala! love you! =D
It's the last Student Section of the year today from 4-6. Lots of time to look at the last four years, but the show will go on.
“: thas wassup u behaving yaself in the 👢” lol yea but I'm in Memphis
show me tomorrow... or send me the lyrics via skype or something.
T-minus 15 days til the premier of Servant Warrior Radio. I'm jacked! Station 2 b announced on Friday. God rocks! Armor Up!
also cake
It's 2012. Why do we still not have a cure for writer's block???
Music is music. I can listen to what I want, you can listen to what you want. I wont hate on your opinion so dont hate on mine.
I m sorry about ur pc
Lol slow poke
I smell a blog post!
Congrats and thank you for your support of SEOMoz!! While we are just baby shareholders now, I look forward to meeting and learning.
Peyton may have been a bad move for Denver. He's not exactly healthy & he ain't young either. Dunno if they got Stanton.
Thank You!
follow me and i will follow you
Tim Horton's hates me. I never win.
SO UGLY
Another e.g.: ITHAKA is on stage representing "publisher opinion."
No, no. Doesn't involve running outside. I only have shorts...haha
If I could build a time machine to 5 years ago, I would totally write a vampire book.
I'm wearing UK when I'm not wearing UK.
I just booked a supporting role in the feature film "Democracy At Work"! Yay!
Once again hunting 4 north metro features/profile ideas. Send me your thoughts re: interesting people, places, programs in north suburbs!
Welcome to cbus! Join us for breakfast or lunch! We are across from the venue! Ask for Zack, lunch is on me!
Listening to talk about incorporating handmade into a totally digital company. Handmade is irreplaceable.
Well, now you should be able to time how long it would take to get from the booth to the office, and through the rehearsal room.
Goes back to D. Weinberger's ex. of celeb news coverage. It's useless until someone wants to study it.
Support Independent Clothing Lines.
Happy Easter! I hope your day was filled with family, fun, and Praise!
Thanks neighbors for a great fall party. Best one yet.
+1 RT Q2: Weirdest was probably helping a dominatrix upload her pictures to Craigslist.
can,t really pin point it just certain things
Goodnight guys, off to bed. :} skipping school 2morrow, feeling like bleehh. :o Love y'all, goodnight love's! Xo ♥
He wasn't dropping the ball...you're OUT! Penalty! Out of the game dude. Stop ruining your colleague's presentation
I ♥ nature, I really do, animals, insects & earth etc...but not when it desires to invade my living quarters uninvited...so yeah. =)
Work Of Art is the best tv show bravo has ever made. I'm such a sucker for all this bs art school crap! So hilarious!
Aw! I am mostly offline lately, but projects are done so I'll be around more (I think).
My hair is just blowin all over the place its annoyin cuz i hav lip gloss on
>there is "something"....
...cruising in Baltimore
Enjoying lunch with
Is on set the price of GRIND gotta love the journey
I think there's a blind date happening next to me. I don't think it's going well for him.
Hmm, let's see, a review on Reviewstream, an article on Yahoo! Voices, a blog post, 2 textbroker articles, and an examiner article...
Anyone know any good coffee & wine bars in the Cobble Hill area with free wifi that allow laptops on a Friday night? Have work.
guys, be proud. Got like 1 shade darker. LETS CELEBRATE
RT Mañana 6am shares growing up in #BoyleHeights & tips on eating healthy
Close a little further Northeast. Same basic concept though. Also a bird for a mascot.
Hi Sue, Merry Christmas and must success in 2012. Also, thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
You think I do?!?! If they come to my door, I'm answering it nekkid!!! ;)
He told me he's fuhken horny and my response was aww goodnight! ha
“ :0 :O WE MUST HANG OUT SOON... my costume was awesome. even though I had moose knuckles. hahaha” club foot ger
re: eggbot. Ha! All those blogposts on eggs, and here there's a robot that could decorate eggs instead . . .
The best vision is insight - Malcolm Forbes
Proud of our Spiders - Matt, Aaron, John, Sam, Kyle and Adam - for taking 1st place at the 2012 ACG Cup against Darden, Wm & Mary, VT, VCU.
A moment of silence for 's life-size Brett Favre fathead... Time has come to take it down.. A new Brett rules this house!
YES! RT : Learn to b @ peace w/ ur choices. U chose what U chose. How can U make it work/better? Stop stewing/Start doing
": time to clean!" I don't believe this!!
this is one of the best things ever :')
her ugly hats weigh more than she does.
