What's on the menu this weekend for the #superbowl? Let us know and we'll tell you how to make it #healthier (but still just as delicious)!
NP. Not happy with this season. Not just PHX series.
Real women don't need perfume anyway.
Wanna hear us with out commercials give you the 411 in 4 minutes
thanks :D
i wanna go lay out again, but its too hot!
same with you :)
XBOX SUCKS!!!! Fix the server!
Legendary Jazz Violinist Michael White has a new mobile site with his band Michael White Quintet.
I'm not perfect (:
you probably are either a mentalist or a Canadian and don't realize it.
Good question: regionalism now in vogue in television
awww...... well i need to get a new job..... and i miss tweeting you also /;0
Braun has been batting without anyone on in front of him for most of the year. This is a problem.
I'm talking in general, it was something I never did. Just bought some this week...feeling the difference already
“Productivity tip: Do everything faster" ;)
lol, that's too funny....but hey marketing worked, got u there
i just tried to hang up on somebody all dignified and such, and my end button took forever to respond. lmao womp.
why so angry. It's so easy to block?
We're Not Worthy....We're Not Worthy
": Thanks so much for coming out to the show last night!!! So thankful for such supportive friends" I hope it went well!
#Nashville rescued Jonathan Jackson from Elizabeth Webber and Connie Britton from Ryan Murphy.
.capture the flag? Yeeah.
We did it for the art of #hiphop cuz we love making #music!
that's how i do it ;)
the poster was on "perpetual beta" processing: feedback + iteration
Tiger Woods needs better pr handlers...and from the looks of it, a good divorce attorney
cm Acinic cell carcinoma? 1005# you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP address. Please wait 24 hours.
Tune in today 6:30pm. I will be a featured guest on The Cafe Kafe with Kenny Pugh, The Conversationalist & Comedian C. Davis on LOVE 860 AM!
a lot of fur coats in the ballet house tonight.
thanks for that ;)
Same here. Eff wind!
Except my allergies are killing me 😞
Whoa I need to get on my voting for the MLB All-Star Game... I gotta make sure CarGo gets there haha
The suburbs always seemed to be about chasing an ideal that doesn't exist.
So much notes !!!
that'll be the 20th time you eat food today!
Promotion is on Monday ^.^
At the Globe Trotters for the first time. I cant stop laughin.lol
Court wish me luck
Russians love me on Google+
Good morning! Looking forward to #wedding of
thats what i'm saying
#LakersFans are ghetto.
Rickie Fowler stands out like a guy in an orange prison jumpsuit while 1,000s celebrate Mom's Day & breast cancer awareness in pink.
Helping Indiana personal injury law firm redesign existing law firm site.
I'd like to think that creating conversation and discussion was the point. Might be giving them too much credit...
Why does have to be so damn hot? Might be num 0 but def a 10 ooowweeeee! 😜 Still love my Tigers!
Another sweet spot: eportfolios for students. Start with one teacher. Joyce Valenza
you have the same last name as my friend... ARE YOU RELATED?o.O :O Omfg!:D
it's never to late:)
GAB: There will be a day shift working on Saturday. No work Sunday. Two shifts again Monday, and until scanning is complete.
Stay safe, Friends! We'll catch up with you in 2012!!!
Go ahead baby girl. Happy BD!
Glad to hear that the FCC wants nationwide broadband. Too bad the US isn't the pioneer of this great idea.
best night eveeeehr
hi...u forgot about me again
Pros have it made. Courses are overdoing that to get them to play out of there. Norman's Medalist, Seminole, Bear's Club here
why you tweeting about & i? -.- lol
MCA is deeply missed!!!!
Working for #House trying to find a cure for 's shrunken child . No more mixing wine with #idiotabroad!
Haha--Thanks buddy...It's supposed to say Sunday...
Going through wedding photos is making me a little weepy. My family is so awesome and I wish they all lived here!
I got a nice tan during our chat! Lots of compliments at the show for my glow. Well maybe one.
Sorry! It is automated. I am not sure how to make exceptions ;(
since you homeschooled....do you still take TAKS?(:
Obsessed with Mencia! Just tasted the 2010 Vina do Burato from D. Ventura in Ribeira Sacra. Truly stellar.
Move pass somebody not being your friend
I'm not sure if I like the Ruby Jane song a lot or not at all. More listenings required. Then I think it'll win me over.
I hate the "idea" of the remake more than the actual remake.
I love Anita Blake. :)
. The Expendables is to guys what What to Expect is to women comparison in that review is depressingly narrow.
I lost your number
Quick turnaround – The tee hive will produce your order so fast you will be amazed. It will be shipped within 2-3 business days.
- Deep dynasty league, who has more value Ryan Mallet or John Skelton?
It sure is a cold Monday morning here in #Clev RT I really should've worn gloves this mornin
RT ": BBMS HUMPDAY HOTLINE: What do your friends do around your significant other that pisses you off?"
Lmao r u watching ABDC too!! So am i!
#glee in 1 hour and 15 min!!!!!
"I'd rather slap your face with a piece of Kung Pao Chicken" - The Rock lol
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car.
Death on two legs - Queen
congrats!! let the celebration begin!
yes i love it so much!!! who do you want to win?
Damn tomorrow Friday 
short white ones
screw u hahaha. But thanks! When's ur next show??????
Gonna be a good day tomorrow. #ANightinHollywoodLive firework show shopping tomorrow! So much to do!!!
re: Heslip..good breakdown..really work the physics w/ my players regarding transferring force from floor up thru body to ball.
I knew it!
Time for Insanity with the sisters
My tan looks good but I don't sound good. Left my voice in South Beach!
I am bored. Give me a band to do social media for. Must have a lot of content (music, vids, pics, bio, etc...)
Ugh, that was stressful, but all is well in the end...sic 'em Bears!
hey got a new guitar for my birthday!!!:)) jut thought I would tell u
Our High Knoll Therapeutic Program fb is slowly gaining momentum. Be on the lookout for continual education, workshops and summer camps comi
We will be opening our first retail location in Pittsburgh at the Pittsburgh Mills Mall in Feb 2012.
Additional Touring and Training sessions will take place in 1-10 July and December 2011
Thanks for following. We appreciate it.
Woops...I saw the nat gas leak on their CAD earlier in the day...And just had a gut feeling on it...But never got back to it.
Beliebers are so weird sometimes..
Something I've never said b4..I don't think I ate enough food yesterday. Tank felt a little empty this morning. 11.5 miles.
No iPod you cannot autocorrect eggrolls for rhythmic
Haha yeah they are without Davis, Shumpert and Linsanity. And LeBron had good D on him but Melo was still going off
Climax is getting played out.
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :) xx
tryin' to stay positive
Thank you it's always a pleasure seeing you in action! You are San Franciscan's life line. Look forward to you being Mayor!
Ah, those were the days.
Thank you, Saif. Far too kind! Let's do it again soon! Forward-thinking #leadership is what we need; consider ME the one #inspired!
that's word bu! Love u chicka! Can't wait for u to come down. A few more weeks!!!
nothing! Ha ha I just gotta do this paper that's why :p
What's a #hodag?
I think in 2013 I'm going to plan a trip to Europe for a month. First I have to plan to win the lottery though.
are there any poker tournaments ?
I sure hope the weather is like this next Saturday when I shoot this wedding
Thanks a lot!! You see me trying to match your shutterbug prowess, too? The more I do, the more I know I can't come close. :)
So I figured I'd tweet about that. Because that's what ya do on Twitter, isn't it.
I need new people to text
appreciate bruh. Yo freestyle game sick!
The Band Perry<3
She doesn't get it, it's all before she was born.
Dieing. THE ICONic BOYZ ARE GOING TO BE ON THE VMA'S. LIKE OMFG. :D
It's a bitter sweet thing to be a sweet person
I got concerned when you screamed & popped a wheelie like Chuck Norris in Delta Force.
Check out the new post - . Oprah scares me.
icu pulling jokes.. keep it up, i'll literally be pulling your leg.
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete. - Via the Funny Facts Free app -
This isn't the rule at your graduation is it? If so I'll have to re-pack.
Nothing Can Ease Emotional Pain Except Time.
Great times with the other night.. awesome dudes!
Thnx!! :) : Thank you for my big curly hair at last nights game! Y'all are the best!!!!
but keep the iPads local. they don't go home. the % of hackers is going to explode in the next couple of decades.
So proud of you niall <3
is there any way we could land rondo! I would rather have kept miller than pick up spencer... Never felt good about the move
Nobody miss you he flexin lolRT : aye you need to link with either or niggas miss you
followed :) srry for the late reply
If your going to make someone fall for you , the least you can do is catch them
SEAN MARSHALL IS THE WORST CLOSER I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY WHOLE LIFE I HATE HIM SO MUCH SEND HIM TO A.
Follow our manager ! He takes badass photos!
all this is for what game?lol
Dr. Generic Emergency Department.
to early here to be up. right on schedule in london wahh
Then I'll take a sports car. How about a dance? That's what I really wanted.
Super true. RT Frisbees can make fun happen. anywhere.
A leader is a dealer in hope. Napoleon Bonaparte
Presner: The seduction of Google Earth is the Apollonian view, not a natural way of seeing, but it has become normalized
u kno what I mean
I just earned "major brownie points" by finding a 2008 audio recording of Persepolis, published by Recording for the Blind & Dyslexic 2/2
What kind of small camera do you have? Or what do you think is the best? I need a new one with a long zoom for Hangout Fest..
Seriously why do some people act like they drank the special kool-aid when they get in a relationship? U does not equal WE!
People talk about helping tje middle class, what about use the low class...
Dreamy voice, dreamy man. ;) #TheVoiceAU goo Chris!
would love to chat when you get a chance -
I have gotten no fewer than 7,834 telemarketer calls so far today. What gives?
Happy Monday! Welcome to a new week! Follow for all the top stories today!
Haha!! God damn right!! Sturm beat him easy!! Even Hopkins was watching thinking DLH lost
keep doin it my #nigga got dat #drive #success his middle name
good night (;
Sleep would be lovely
2012 film watching! #9 The Adventures of Tin Tin (2011). Visually stunning, but lacked a bit on script and the matter of fact story.
So confused by officiating 2nite RT : On offense Withey gets no respect from the refs. Why you have to go to TRob in there.
Thanks for the shout out Chris
Men r so selfish it makes me sick
have you checked out Newsie it's fast, slick & in the top ten news category.
RT : Fabric Scrap Bracelets: Here is a quick and easy kid fabric project that was fun for my 6 year old. I started by......
Missed the #Oscars while on a plane. Now catching up through the twitterverse. Thanks all!
Glad I got to enjoy most of Opening Day, it's certainly lasted long enough.
Finally chillin for a bit, it's been a long week. Got another one coming.
like the faith is a verb bio there; I often think of love in the same way.
Keep hearing about it. Gotta get it. Daniel Woodrell's
#FF (thanks for the re-tweet) (fabulous opening tonight) (staff show 2-night at Newspace Center)
Curses! Foiled in me quest. Mayhap next year -
hi just checking in hope your doing well and taking it easy getting plenty of rest.
"I am so disappointed, that I can not see me preform,except for on playback. My greatest pain in life, is that I will never see me, preform"
I have told you haha I told you i liked rondo as your background on your phone
Listen to online radio www.texas101jams.com to hear D*CK talk about materialism in americans; trying to keep up with the Jones'...at 1pm
lol u kind of look dazed n confused xD
It's official. After 3 years in the making, I finally have Fox Soccer Channel in HD. Just in time for MLS contract to expire.
Thank goodness for Jeff Lorber Fusion's new album Galaxy to get me through a Friday afternoon.
Possibly! I'll think about it :P. Album soon!!
MT : I think I like designing how things work better than designing how they look. <---- You'd be decorating at that point.
need idea re: how to make a cornucopia for my program on Monday....
Come hear tunes from the Music Library, 2PM Odegaard Dance Party!
awww thanks, bud. check on me again mid-June. May need a kick in the butt
What happens when the folks tell me how many cards the "record" is? I go for more! Thanks for a GREAT time :)
Is Studio Talent accepting submissions at this time?
This pre-game show with DickeyV and Bob Knight is awesome!
this day off is a joke
Hi Gail dumb ques for ya, Seared means it's cooked on the outside?
I was OJ's biggest critic the entire season, but I really feel bad for him. Never wanted him to fail like this.
why you gotta be so negative dang:P
haha oh lord Abby we are too funny :D
"Matilda," the only feminist one on your list so far... and obviously the best.
how is seattle like
Lmfao yea that's what I thought! 😒
“: People are competitive. Scarcity drives demand - online and off via #idea10”
Congratulations to Mary Snee on winning last week's Friday raffle! Come in to the store to pick up your bottle of Goose Bay Pinot Noir!
And I can't leave out for obvious reasons. See you tonight!
Happy #coopweek to our co-op customers: , , , IMARK Group, Embassy Group, Sphere 1!
thats my song right there!!
Oomf followers flirts on twitter a lot
Mirka, by a mile.
That'd be great! You could see how Cali compares ;)
Learning about i/o in C
I just requested my next batch of stickers.
This thanksgiving why not help feed the less fortunate.... Generosity goes a long way!!
Heaven only knows..
E.X.P.R.E.S.S Love, sex, ladies no regrets.
Well, I know where your coming from but I understand the league's stance. With all the lawsuits they had to tighten things up
CSS Jacksonville in now staffing for a Corporate Travel Agent www.contemporarystaffing.com
I was buckled last night .
She's WamBACK!
4 weeks and still fat
I hate #RomanticComedies I keep waiting for the part where she rips his heart out & takes a dump in the hole but it never comes.
So I played mega millions yesterday for the 1st time and completely forgot to check my ticket...
What's with the new layout? Actually kinda alright :P
Now that the holidays are over it's time to start planning for attending SwingFest 2010 next year, don't you think?
“: Hockey's too stressful to watch” Omg radio is 20x worse, I now have a heart issue😁
No early morning practice for this girl(: Walking into school(:
amazing! Where was that?
So...is she as beautiful in person as on TV?
Evan is diesel as shit.
Yes, and it's a tragedy.
My 3rd graders just said that Opening Night means: When a play opens...at night. (Eyebrow lifts)
Buff Bagwell Suffers Broken Neck in Car Accident; A Fan&#39;s Take
My journal is 84 pages.
Five total 3rd downs so far by both teams!
Back.. Kindda tired =(((
Check out and me tonight!!!!
Just noticed today's date is a Palindrome. haha that's sick! 11022011!
nutrition fact #2: Ppl always describe things as natural. Gasoline is natural, but you would drink 64oz daily. Compliments of
I wounder if or have ever seen #BlueCrush ? Its the best #SurfinMovieEVER now thats...
but i mean if i have an 85 in there now maybe i wont fail ya never know omg who am i kidding im gonna fAIL
They have already met before.RT Hey, did make the trip & have a chance to visit w/ ??
I am never alone. All over the world, I am constantly with people whose brains are fucked beyond even their own comprehension.
i can't find my Boyfriend shirt. I am going to scream.
I like Star Trek, I do. I just don't understand how 90% of the aliens speak English and understand what an hour is. It's distracting.
My poor sister flew to las vegas this weekend to see the big fight! She's not feeling well and her flight is delayed!! :(
So I've been onset, but tells me will explore the male hotness on TV as well. Equal opportunity hotness! Love it! :)
No, it should upset you exactly that much.
Happy Birthday!
And the white girl gets the lead.
Just got back from #BuschGardens. OMFG I was so annoyed with my aunt so every ride I gave the camers the finger so she couldn't buy the pic
Neiman Marcus is testing a new iPhone app that lets customers interact directly with sales associates. Loving this idea!
C'mon all you cheapskates! Do what he says!!!
#shoutout to the new follower :)
Come one come all for the American Heroes: A Comic Book Workshop today from 2-4pm at Leedy-Voulkos.
Happy Birthday!
Hey Why ya bringing the hate to twitter? HOUSTON LOVES ITS TRUCKS. You will lose this battle.
Our first burp joke premieres next week!
welcome back! can't wait to see you tearing it up out there! WHO DAT!
"Leaders are made, they are not born. They are made by hard effort"
We're so glad you love it!!! RT : Thank you for the most amazing experience of my life. Can't wait to live there!
I'm not aware.
Not quite sure any prize is worth enduring the talk at this table
Corporations profit from the elimination of competition through the force of the state.
Happy Friday! Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
Will someone please save rock
UF History Prof. Sarah Kovner has received a Chauncey Postdoctoral Fellowship from International Security Studies at Yale University!
Hope everyone had a fun Saturday night...We are serving brunch today from 10am-2pm, come relax in the sun!!
yes! Bike: bicycle space on 7th st. Book: Kramerbooks on Dupont circle. Vintage: Secondi on Dupont or it's vintage darling!
700 FREAKIN followers???!! HELL YES! Thank GOODNESS they are the hottest and most amazing followers ever..whew! yay thank youuuus :)
Try out Westside Rentals or Craigslist
so I need to get back into my morning routine of tweeting, Well, of course, I need to start w/u. Good Morning, Love.
My girlfriend has been in bed sick for 2 days. I feel like I've forgotten how to make my own dinner, do dishes, etc...
I have to say, Aubrey could have a future in advertising if singing doesn't work out. I love her ad concept!
So far so good.
Smack harder
Says voice got all extra high when he was rapping tho. Lol
I ship Jolly.
So excited to officially be moving back to LA middle of January! Wish it was now :) Excited to be back with my LA family!!!
Shout out to "I will never kneel!" awesome fucking band.
No prob! I will b dere again!!!
No, I have nothing against the new 360S, actually might get one myself. I don't know, XBOX's just seem a bit unrealiable.
I was like UHHHM?
Miguel Cabrera & Prince Fielder are putting on a clinic today! This is gonna be a fun season!
& should tell that I need to be part of the haus ;) after all everyone needs a summer job
Congrats!!! We're so excited to have you as our newest Golden Flyer!
Former First Lady Laura Bush wearing a nicely tailored black dress. She speaks after Wayne Clough of the Smithsonian
I saw some empties on that crowd shot. Lower bowl should always be packed.
We released more Cats tickets... get yours before they're all gone!
This is going to be a rough 4 weeks. Class Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday for 4 hours...
I do my kids a big disservice if I shield them from adversity. Sorry kiddo's lol
Well...in Texas you can. Idk if other states do.
Full on cookies and ideas for the new website. First up - a new square logo! #nonprofit #social media
and yet. None are recorded!!! Smdh.
Watching the Oscars!!! Love James Franco and Anne Hathaway!!!
wonder who Ottis Anderson is gonna start in week one...log in and see
Bengals trading out of 21. Niners to make move ?
I saw Sinterklaas and Zwarte Piet at the Old Dutch Store! It must be time for Sinterklaas-avond, aka my Dutch and Belgian candy buffet day!
finals week - 3 down 2 more to go - then im done till jan 18 - gonna get a tat tonight before class hells yea lol :) -
#HIGHKEY  “: i have no problem being lowkey.”
dad took her Wednesday and it took 4 days 4 me to get the pic....grrrr..but glad I could share :)
k. Keep me posted
Countdown until the brand page Timeline (official) switch: ONE WEEK! Is your business prepared?
how about a recycle bin?
I just discovered I stop breathing while driving under a bridge when a train is going by on top.
Scotland Yard Pub: Geek Team Trivia tonight at 8. Who can beat the 5 time champions? please!
#AGirlJustWants to hear you cry in divorce court
my mommy only rescues senior pugs...even though I don't consider myself a senior since I am so darn good lookin...snort...
Monday tip: Know a virus when you see it! A changed Internet homepage can indicate infection. If you didn’t install it, don’t trust it!
me & queen Elizabeth & Eazy E Have the Same Birthday ..Swerve!
i'm on a drug... called charlie sheen okay
After an 0-2 Wed now 3-4 for the week. CBB Early games for Thursday: Colorado State +5 & Montana +9. I'll be back later today w/later games.
Celebrating Wednesday (4/4) @ Cato's in Oakland... gig marks seven years of Cato's gigs 4 us. Jazz standards & originals, 6-9, no cover!
Just finished the Frontline web chat. A lot of great questions -- and not all were from my old boss :) Still making it better!
Goofin' at the shop for most of the day. Keep getting distracted by my glow-in-the-dark Big Trouble In Little China Poster.
The best thing I heard today: " Happy Mother's Day, and just so you know you're doing an excellent job." I actually shed a tear on that one.
a little bit of music theory goes a long way to expanding the ways you can enjoy music, highly recommend learning some to non-musicians
Caramel Pretzel Ice Cream
performing this Sunday Dec 18 at Clayton County International Park & Stadium for the Festival of Trees and Lights!
Wait you know how to use an IPhone?! Way to go!!! I'm so proud!
Hunting ducks (with Bush's camera) for Proxy with my son, Max. Fun stuff. Perfect day.
Happy 28th birthday Mark Zuckerberg! What better present than having Facebook go public this week - having a networth of over 100 billion?
Everyone on fb has an instagram! Just followed them all! Haha
“There is no perfect cookie, just pick one and take a bite!”
Best holiday card of the season! So good.
thats what I'm thinking...
So "Marx" peaked with the Sandinistas and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, while "Marxist" peaked with perestroika?
you go there aloot!
Good morning everyone! We hope you all have a safe & relaxing Labor Day weekend. Where did your travels take you?
Don't blame them for disappointing you, blame yourself for expecting too much from them.
thanks but its not me! its follow him and help spread the word.
i'm too fast!
Really not feeling school today. Wish it would close... Ugh..
I totally would but I realized this morning I have plans tomorrow to see a friend play roller derby!
what up nicca!
Tony Memmel performs at the market Saturday at noon www.tonymemmel.com
Sorry-- Thought you'd check our website
Brand new #Jessie tonight!.. It's called "Badfellas", & trust me... You will enjoy it. Don't miss it at 8/7c on Disney Channel. X ♥
oh wow.okay! i dun knw what to wear tmrw....
Thanks Neicy RT : u can do it!!!☺(cheering u on)
I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life. - John 8:12
Night time me: I'm gonna run tomorrow! Day time me: I'm gonna run tonight instead! Next night time me: Might as well just run tomorrow...
Thanks for the RT! Pretty great, huh?
I'm ok. Got wrapped up in family stuff.
Getting all warm and snuggly inside! Back to sleep.
I don't really care about what you did wrong. What I care about is that you lied to me.
Break a leg! xoxo So proud of you!!
Google "let it snow" and see what happens to your search results! I love google. And
I think we need to get the band back together bro
#modevux mobile usability panel discusses how usability/ux affect business value
My mom is vacuuming at 6:30 AM.
My Strange Addiction marathon til I pass tfo
Now I do remember him talking about Homeland.
The 2 walk-off grand slams by Votto and Stanton on Sunday was the first time that has happened in 14 years.
Happy Tuesday! "First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do." ~ Epictetus
Today was Larissa's last day. We wish her well as she leaves to study in Israel.
It's amazing PC's look and act the way they do when the MAC is right in front of them!
Please follow !!!
Yes, drink #alltheroses in their honor! RT : I bet 's #RoseontheRoof is going to be an emo sadfest for
my newborn's sleeping like a baby
I think if he's 100%. That team will tear them up but I'm true blue. :)
i really fuckin hate school.
I'm from Miami. #RT Romania sounds far
tell my MAMA AND DAD THAT !!!!!
Got on the radio, rolling into Lawrence.
Gave it everything I had but now I just want to give my dreams everything I have left!
Yes! A number of our members live outside Metro
are you in Krakow right now?
I could care less...I keep in touch with the people I care about
CSU gag order “This policy is an obscenity & is not tolerable,” said Cary Nelson, pres.of the American Association of University Professors.
thank you! Glad you like our music :)
I vaguely remember a dream last night about having an angry conversation with a Raiders fan. We must be close to football season!
It's hard being the "designated daughter" Glenda. Glad you are taking care of yourself and allowing yourself to grieve. Blessings
Keep this one on your radar, folks. RT : It's "Oddly Normal," memoir about raising a gay son. Out in November.
If you need sweet design work done at an unbelievable price, check out AXIS apparel right now. These guys deserve so much recognition.
All she does is play music
Packed except for what i need to use in the morning then off to catch my flight. Now my only problem is i'm not sleepy.
i love listening' to y'all. much love.<<<< Likewise Sir! Really Appreciate the love.
yea, woe is unto me, if I preach not the gospel! 1Co.9.16.KJV. Is it glory, & things, or a burden & calling?
when did you start school?!
New products are in the shop. Product list coming soon!
I want the rain to stop. The thunder sounds like bombs.
I love when people I haven't seen in years appear in my dreams. It's a little reminder that they exist ❤
no problem i understand how hard it is to get followers im having the same issue myself but it takes time
The 2012 ESBC Rosters may be better than the 2011 Class :)......Many ESBC alums will play in this years NCAA tournament.
“: #ThatAwkwardMoment when you go to grab somebody sexy and tell them "hey" but you hit the mirror instead." Lolololol
Nunez will start the next 2 games in the OF. This should be interesting!
I was listening saturday to the sadayatana show. It posts its playlist a,week later. I hope I got the artist name right! :)
december is the aim , art work completed ?
I know! Fact check Newt saying if we repealed Dodd-Frank tomorrow, economy would get better.
Are we short it's mid february? Cuz it's raining like crazy down in Kenosha.
Happy Birthday i love you <3 Mahomie For Life <333333
#wellingtonBOPandTB so proud of everything you've done these past 3 months <3
I'm just inside Gate A from 5:00 - 5:30 signing autographs, catch me while you can.
Spit my dinner out. Ha
milk upsets my stomach, lights are already off, I'm listening to relaxing music too. ㅠ.ㅠ
cannot believe I've been away from Twitter for 5 days...darn life
Getcha popcorn ready C
It's very awkward when you are walking around Montreal, see someone who looks exactly like Kris Letang, walk up to them and say hey...
“: 2x champ Fred Couples withdraws from THE PLAYERS citing flu like symptoms as the reason.” Damnit. This is not funny!
Took the words outta my mouth:)
it turns out apples can talk mad shit
When I do good no one remembers, when I do bad no one forgets. But God remembers it all. You are a great person in Christ!
Happy (belated) Easter!
Halloween never ends.
I've been dubbed Head Huntress on our make believe island. We're insane.
. Good way to see victory over cancer is to get everyone access to good health care, not just those who can afford it.
Thank you for coming out to see us!
LMFAO! That's gross!
Cus of u
Fell on my face today in my final demo
Saw your recent blog post. Are you moving to Madison?
So after playing my first real country show I find myself at some podunk bar in Celina, OH. Not bad! Great musicians here at the 211 Bar!
Officially in NC and am extremely grateful right now for all the wonderful friends I have been blessed with.
Yeah... I didn't write that. Article written by a red sox fan himself.
watching tv. Yoou? (:
Show this Saturday at Andy's in Denton TX. Spread the word to your UNT buddies, we're ready to rock.
I welcome him in my life RT : lmao Rian need Jesus
oh, putting people down makes you feel good about yourself? Go try to get Coltons attention. Loser. Hahahaha
Just watched Topgun with the man
Who's gonna replace the Law Firm?
But Brandon never got the pizza! Lol I was hungry when I got to 6h hour too
follow back? (:
1.5GB used so far this month, perfect 3G signal, performed all troubleshooting, 0.13Mb down, on hold with AT&T
NEW LOCATION: Lady Dolla Birthday/MTSU Homecoming TAILGATE PARTY on Middle Tennessee & Bell St behind the JUB! NOW! **
thanks hun, send me you email address and I will email you info...Thanks!!
i live in a community where its safe. this week the community was on high alert on a serial killer. what has this world come to?
I should come visit and mess wit u, u in drive thru? thats the best time to mess wit ppl lol
Special Bottle Pricing for Friday!!! Celebrating something??? Perfect night for tomorrow!!! Message us now :)
Fergie's new fragrance Outspoken is racey! Find it here: www.youravon.com/egiordano
How many time must this same record play?
it is BBQ Monday! No better way to kick off the week then at the Cow! Giddy UP!
Who dere! ;D Peyton you are SO AMAZING! Im glad I got to be on this AWESOME journey with you so far! Love you!! <21
BEST show ever!
girl just dum ass people like can I have my life too myself
Inspired to make more films and attend lots of festivals after such a great weekend at fest!
IF YA AINT OUT HEA GRIND'N.... YA WRONG MAAN!
Thank you sir!
The Health 2.0 Developer Challenge is proud to announce that as of this weekend's codeathon, we've given away $1M in prizes!
read more about Coples, sounds like he was unmotivated sr. yr, shouldn't be problem w/ Rex as coach. Ingram has small arms :)
Wishing you an *amazing* day ! Go get'm ladies!
Oh, North Carolina. Really?
sounds great...good sh** n thanks
better come on
Thanks to the people and officials of Malta. Handling massive volume of evacuees, and doing an outstanding job.
That is one wacky ass top 13.
I actually might run off w/ Tom Brokaw tomorrow so it's been nice knowing you both. Play without fear tomorrow, etc.
Knock 'em dead this weekend. Wish I could witness it first hand. Please tell me someone is going to video or make a pan.
please follow she is you biggest fan!82
Operation baby 11/11/11 on hold for now...no room at the inn. Hospital beds full. I'm 2nd on a wait list. Nurse says wait for noon update
Damn what a long day
Y everytime me &my bruh see eachother in the hall we got the urge to hit Tf out of eachother ??? #Sore 
- Curiously, it's not available on Hm.
Nice! I am just old school ;) have you selected all your books yet?
Wow, they pass out fines; would luv 2 see those stats, on who gets fined the most n who doesn't.
Hollywood done celebrating itself for another year after tonight?
See you there :)
Just talked To my brother, Ryan and Kory on the phone For Like 5 hours. I love my boys! (: Goodnight Twitter! <3
I'm so sorry for your loss.<3 Heaven got much sweeter.<3
#Paleo #paleodiet I just made the best meatballs and spaghetti squash!
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start
Just go and get it over with. Lol. RT : Damn i dont wanna go to this 2 o'clock class
It's happened before, but no setup guy has ever won.
Wow - Thank you to the 100+ people who toured the incubator and joined us at Fado last night. Your energy continues to inspire.
#blackhawks tonight. Who is going?
Math final is finally done!!
Lol first day back & I'm still in bed
"Bitch, you know you're a robot!"
need to book u 4 a tv show
More tix to May 13 today. A show not to be missed. Listen for your cue.
Oh boy, woman next to me has been pummeling vodka and is now sobbing. I tell you, never a dull moment around me.
you deserve our love you work so hard.WE LOVE YOU J!!
my pleasure bud! Thx for saying :)
I'm just bout ready 2 move away..
Wish I could retweet every tweet right now
Will resume Labor Day slacking after I finish writing project due Wed. What's holiday pay for self-employed? More beer later?
I can still see you standing there
the game wasn't over and he never quits.
I feel like i barely get on anymore D: but how is everyone?
I would luv to meet common
Atlanta tap that ass and Minnesota tap that ass, just waiting on Cleveland. Did I say we da best??
...lessons, drive, rehearsal, drive, lessons, drive, gig, drive... no TV and no beer make Homer something something.
knock knock? (who's there?) It's madame! (madame who?) madame footstuckinthedoor
Meet BIG KRIT @ the Black house Now!!!
"Oh when the Saints come marching in...."
Hey you! How's it going?? There is a #BCFT on the 26th to and afterwards. Hope you can make it!
if u need a friend (text me) need a laugh (call me) need a hug (stop by) need money (this number is no longer in service) :D
Can't say my B-day started off that great, Last night banged up someone's car backing out of a driveway. My truck ok, his door smashed in.
i think my alarm clock hates me.. started 2 fall asleep n it rings 2 whole hours early?? wth
Event: Pastorek - The federal role needs to be very strong on research & development
Hi Lesanne, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
I don't wanna get up!
Another great shoot! Now it's time to fall asleep to forest gump.
I haven't heard from my baby!!!
I like sleeping because it's like being dead without the commitment.
Im sorry Im bad, Im sorry Im build, Im sorry for all the things I said to you. And I know, I just cant live without. Im sorry.
OASPA considers re-use to be essential to OA and want their members to use CC licenses.
Getting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
If only he knew...
If you have a tie clip you should clip it into your shirt Kobe!!!!
pray for a nigga
"Home Boy bursts with intelligence and energy and pathos. I haven't read anything like it." Gary Shteyngart, Author of Absurdistan
Those boys are killin it up in Canadia!
Please tweet me? Iloveyou!!
Tired of working like a dog and getting shit in return f%#k this...
Riding the Dragon teen guys group is am co-facilitating starts today. Wish me luck, fun or other good juju!
I wish I was a Jedi.
Kinda weird ending to New Girl.
Butler holds on to ugly win, but win nonetheless. Final score: Butler 53 Green Bay 49.
Oh how we've missed you! RT : Macaron man is back in action! Living the dream!
We're coming for ya Friday night & we're bringing an army of fans with us so get ready to rumble!
I'm a different kind of boy so gimme all ur love.Let's forget about time and dance our lives away....
Links go back to flyer page only.Can't. DM me alternate way or DM phone # to call. Can I go to the Doral and register?
If this crazy #LAwind blows me to Kansas, how long do I have to wait till I can vote against that dopey Sam Brownback?
Laughing at the boys that used to hit on me that have babies now
People in my school walk so damn slow
It has picked up here in the vendor hall of the BYU Genealogy Conference. Must be lunch time.
Reminded mom to feed my bird while I'm away & she says "every day?!" Mom has a bit of a bird phobia. My tiny 'keet has no idea of his power.
Love that!
idk if you heard me say bye...but I left :) i'll probably be back in an hour and a half or sometime before noon thirty. I sure love you! ...
it's an ass girl
sigueme x fa t.k.m.
Swamp people on demand >
yea that joint hard bra
Tonight is the draft!
When you would do anything just to see rt you! Oh I would die!
Watching SVU, but I already missed half of it.
i'm going to need the clippers to beat memphis, that's it. then go ahead and lose to the spurs.
I&#39;m at a library conference, dork. Sharing the info!
Gates open in an hour and a half (6pm) at Chemical Abstracts for #Columbus Symphony Picnic with the Pops w OSU Marching Band! Tomorrow also!
Ha! Only one in mine. But I'm bad about using it.
Pool Party until 1am and then the hottub was HOT!!! Ms Lovevoodoo Fest contest today on the nude side...
Hey Sis! Y'all bout to get beat!
Cause no one has tried pitching that idea yet. Do it!
I pretty sure Obama can beat Romney, but if Romney's VEEP has presidential hair as well then there could be trouble.
Recommends "Suzie Q" by Creedence Clearwater Revival on Pandora
no joke about future of America!
Hi Stella! Did you receive our email our email about our new Chicago-based app, ? We'd love to hear your thoughts!
love the stash and the jersey!
Strawberry Jam Custard with Reverse Chocolate Wafer Crust
K B Y E . I really gotta go now ~ hahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
What a great comeback win for Boyle softball over Mercer 4-3 !
stay tuned for #dsoc programs at #sla2010: canon law, N.O. herstory, poster session, census update, walking tour sold out!
i will vote until my hands feel like theyre gonna fall off
Oh, perfection party! She misspells again! (Sorry, coming through for one more pass.)
Ladies if a man decides to beat on you get 4or5 of you and beat hell out of him,I better shut up,but I ain't going to be beating one of you.
I know.
Headed to warehouse in KY for barrel pickin' & whiskey drinkin'...hard day
Terrible news about Junior Seau.Death is tragic,death by ur own hand even more so. You never know what is going on in someone's mind& heart.
BASEBAL SENIOR NIGHT tuesday at #TheHutch against Anderson County... would love the support
whats your story for tonight??
Phone off I don't want to talk to anyone!
Shit. I mean, awesome!
why do social networks change their UI so fast? geek down people, its hard to keep up... i must be getting old
#Tru get better homes I'll check back then.
I don't know if you even spell it that way but whatever lol
Love you and your show very much..but saying maybe the calling your boss "Babe" thing was southern??? # killing me..
Check ur Email
www.warrenwolfmusic.com Get me for your next event
#WorldWaterDay Choose to skip the meat today and save thousands of gallons of water today!
She Aint Youu - Chris Brown ; Ugh Story Of My Life !
OUT THE STUDIO ...NOW imma z goodnight world...for now
great running into you. Sorry we couldn't stop and chat. Hope all is well!!
Don’t watch too many at once. #Torchwood is too depressing to stay up late watching.
Maybe that's because although it's called "customer service", it's a job the representatives HATE.
I'm not sure if it is the right decision or not, but I voted for
I think I'm the "throw tennis balls at the cars" type
Being this stressed out <<<<<
Got one once when an excited two year old jumped up and smashed his head into my face - baby, dun knocked me out cold.
oh where oh where have you been???
RADIO RIOT TONIGHT!
Trying to dial the # on Barney Stinson's poster, but it's busy! Anyone get through?
Why does Rodger Sterling carry so much cash when he knows he's gonna lose it all?
I'm sure you can relate on how easily I get mad, doe. Lolololol.
Time To Get Real In This Studio ...with the fam bout to have it up
Gosh brooklynn don't act like this?
Where you at 5 o'clock?
Think imma stop fuckin wit ms molly fa a min...
Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss!!
Nana Always turns a question into a speech >_<
Our business is infested with idiots who try to impress by using pretentious jargon
Its been a feel-good weekend. A little bit of service, networking, and of course cocktails. Love
I am ur biggest fan and btw congragultions on the 10 mil follows
If LeBron spoke the King's English, he would have said, "I'm taking thine talents to South Beach."
Some relationships are like "Tom and Jerry" , they irritate each other.. They tease each other, but can NOT live without each other.
don't know about a request but this inspired me to pull out The Front / Burlington, VT / 03.11.90 / Set II
ALCL... Book value alone is $.08+. and were trading at .017
I'm not sure what the group is... But feel free to look me up on fb!
#dearTEACHER I'm not stupid... I just dont know the right answers.
At the #hrotodayforum learning about job creation, which is fueled by startups.
Means that with just the flip of a switch, things go from groovy to sh*t show. Cc'g for h/t on patois
does the person that sends them to you use Western Union? I want to send one to someone.
Watching #plconf online - the anointing and power of God is coming through the screen!!!
It's cruel that I have to go to the Nordstrom website to pay my CC bill. Such a tease to have to click past all the pretties to pay my bill.
He said if I am ever drunk, he will be my designated driver and won't tell my parents :D
so you only use it for performance analysis, not for general debugging?
I'm bring the joint.....savings bank money in case we run out of supplies
Up late working on our website, just had a Skinny Water. #WOW: It's #Healthy and it Tastes Great! Thanks
HAPPY HALLOWEEN from myself and everyone at :)
Great night for basketball this evening great win for the gonna knock back a few Guinness to celebrate
Orioles FanFest tomorrow, peasants! Particularly excited about the Put Your Finger in Jim Traber's Bellybutton Booth.
Thanks so much for the support!
Le Pooch is hiring. For more information please visit www.Lepooch.net or email !
sorry thanks :@
I need to make sure my bro is good to girls but not whipped to where he spends all his money on them and ends up broke
i think the dude you're looking for is @ kevinhart4real or something like that
i love you mother nature. sorry for everything ive said the last few months.
Having a great time at #sla2011. Stop by our booth 306 for a special conference discount!
how do you get siri on the ipod touch
I can't stand when ppl act obsessed
I was a YA librarian and now write for them. Where do you work?
The microzooids in Slonczewski's "The Children Star" are similar to the Nannites on Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Gearing up for New York International Gift Fair next week! So excited! Come see all our cool new products in Booth 7849!
I want some too
Just landed in Geneva.
It's amazing how many proprietors of 3D photography sites think blue and cyan are the same color. THERE'S A BIG DIFFERENCE PEOPLE
How do I view the new Twitter layout?
almost forgot how good Snow Patrol was...
What are we using for beer tonight? PBR or Natty?
SO excited about 's next blockbuster, #shakespeare's "Much Ado…" - Wait…were your expecting me to say #TheAvengers?
Hi Stuart ! Thanks for the RT , I appreciate your support, following U now, Follow me back please ?
Jack Daly - What are you doing to win the hearts of your people?
haha. Probably dome of the longest 5 days of your life.
- can u believe that kid???? Amazing.
Hi! I'm doing well. Am buying a new house. I hope your finals/internship go great. What happened to your Facebook?
The Truth Men are like roses. watch out for all the pricks...
i wanna go see dark shadows so badly, it looks so hilarious
and a question for the rockers out there...dont ya think Axl coulda shown up for Rock&RollHallOfFame GnR performance?
ah! i'm missing glee right now. poop.
I wanna go back to bed!!
Wow, you're cool. Will you leave me alone now? please? Didn't think so.=/
RT “: Keep your words Beautiful and your thoughts Divine....”
u guys video "Hello" it is amazing and also amazing dance moves luv yall peace and luv
I am covering for Christina..I guess someone was here this morning but for a task shift. We have been busy all day and night. Ugh
When u get "K" for a response in a message it means this conversation is over
where are you doing it?
Lean towards the light and slip through the softnes with open arms extended.
There's no way in hell that will start over Jeremy Lin once he "finally" comes back from his injury. Request a trade buddy!!!
Robert Zimmerman is doing everything he can to help get my head screwed on straight this morning.
Interview at 4! wish me luck every1 👍
there you go lying again lol
must be some serious humidity going on. i look like a lighter haired version of roseanne rosannadanna tonight... eek!
A delayed but still grateful thank you!
I'm hungry...... Bring me food stat!
Thx ! Your presentation was excellent as well! Fascinated by crowdsourcing conservation info now. Look forward to more.
Mexico is god awful. Drop the nuke and get it over with.
I don't think so. I saw a video about post game reaction but it was from the Philadelphia Union website so might be just them.
RE last tweet to -- #grammarfail. *are
Ha! That will not be happening. :)
im n da city were niggas at
Pretty much given up on the WHAP essay for tomorrow. Thank you Ms. McCallum for assigning an essay for the day we get back from spring break
thanks emilie! Much appreciated :)
I did enjoy and wanted to share.
The life you have led doesn't need to be the only life you'll have.
#MyFriendsRockCuz they always have my back <3
Ho Ho Ho. I don't know, bet I have you beat. But I'm still in shock; it will wear off.
I'd say no. If he hasn't been taken yet, draft Adam Dunn. He's been mashing this Spring.
I love how so many people have tattoos to show how unique they are instead of getting a personality.
When I'm finally in the mood to actually blog.... really?
When I tell #oomf I love her > when I say it to anyone else.
bra what up
I enjoyed the DePaul MBA Alumni networking event last night. It was so great to see everyone again!
All hail the heart breaker - the spill canvas
Just got kicked out of chatroulette trying to do interviews with a stuffed ET, now have to flag 50 wangs to get back on.
I'll meet you half way!
RT : Oh look at that... #firefox crashed again... and again... and again... Firefox Groundhog day version
stop dancing to slap you're elbows in a thong on you're table its realy strange can I join u
"Velvet Pavilions" south asian fiction, sizzling characters, lived globally, spans continents, brilliant, eccentric totally unpredictable
whenever you get upset about grey hairs, just look at me, I'm covered in them!! And I'm only 20 😁
- who wan some Jamaica Jerk chicken it is the best :)
Have your own podcast? Let DMiner Apps create a custom, mobile app for your audience! Check out #ExperienceJoeRogan droid app for our work!
Blink 182. That or writing music.
*ways, sorry.
please tell me you are a delena fan
U.S. #Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson confirms (PENDING CONGRESSIONAL SCHEDULE) for the #Transportation & #Infrastructure #Summit!
mud and dirt always finds its way onto my car
Chris Rock has jumped the shark. It's all over for him. He has #DaddyDayCare syndrome also known as
We ARE open for lunch today at 11:30. A beautiful day for the Garden Walk!
Ready to get on track with new resolutions this year!
For some reason I can't imagine countries in Asia and such all too hyped about watching Western movies and TV shows. But...the numbers.
Late Spring semester in the bag. Time for a short one week break before the start of summer classes.
She won't get one, she don't even have a facebook.
Sex sounds good right now
Makes me happy to see so many people in this #amm2011 session about new #musetech!
I hope they are impertinent questions.
So far today I've accomplished absolutely nothing - maybe I should be a politician.
That link has the streaming version. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Titans Gym is offering Free Two Week Passes for all Non members.
I'm good! Super busy
. was attacked by ninjas and is limping, but still doing the show. What a badass.
haha nah its cool I was just saying
have to be a GM for a pro team to know that? Should I submit my resume? Lol
Maybe we can hold it in The South? RT : next year, maybe or can sponsor this conf & pass out mittens
Thank you for all of the wonderful Happy Birthday messages!
for sure bruh! i think ima be chillin at bikestyles on Sat b4 the show so ill post when ima be there, so come up wit ur friends
RIP Donna Summer, we'll miss you :(
Buckwheat rice cakes, tahini and a medjool date Best snack ever
she gotta small azz brain but a big azz head
I like UConns high post offense!
you guys some bitches!
I'd love to just stay up all night and find cool people and places like I used to! D:
is on it's way back from it's world premier. Damn pleased.
#PDXSHIFT Baking lemon cupcakes with local ingredients for SHIFT. Celebrate sustainable design and eat cupcakes Tues night, 7pm at EcoTrust.
#NYRANGER viewing party presented by #BUDLIGHT tonight at 7pm!!! $7 bud light special get a free Ranger keepsake glass!
lol, stop what?
haha @ tear face
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 9
How was your food yesterday?
Friday morning blog post will be up later this morning. Stay tuned!
Guys I don't feel good
RT : #recommitment to #ethical #fashion on with , , !...
otherwise the terrorists would have won. Which of course is my excuse for doing everything.
nice. I ate at Steamworks. Delicious brewery/restaurant to go to.
Merry Christmas Austin <3
the line is so blurred to me RT One of the hardest things in life is figuring out the difference between friendship and love.
Thx! RT Happy Mothers day & the rest of the moms out there! Had to say it before I destroy every1s TL w Game 7.
or bleach blond, blue eyeshadow and a cig in each hand
Is anyone else having problems with their #1and1 server? Or have I been shut down by the government?
honey, don't tweet our "safe" word.
i only wish Selena could be more open and follow me! I luv u 2 so much! I just want 2 cry! I tried so much,& nothing!
Club status on swole!!!!!
Felix Jones, Mendenhall, A. Foster. PPR league. Need 2. THANKS FREAKS!!!
Cool pal, we'll let you know when we're coming.
Downtown Denver is pretty sweet
If Ryan Leaf isn't better at eluding the police than he was at eluding DEs, this should be a quick search.
Make each sensation a little bit stronger. Freeze this motion a little bit longer. Happy Monday!
why not they look nice. Iwould buy them and re sell them but they not going to be worth much
Jack daniel's is going to kick my ass tonight.
Voice of Chris Traeger (Rob Lowe): "There is LITERALLY a siege of toddlers (>5) wailing at Weatherstone coffee shop. Where are their adults?
good choice!
Hey Tweeps! Got a Fact or Myth question for you! Can chocolate and oily foods cause acne?
Twitter wasn't made for chatting, but who cares.. I'm enjoying it.
That would be an interesting project if i can make the time.
thanks, the cake WAS delish!
Ok so I need help from #BBN I need to know where I can find a #UK watching party for the game tonight in Las Vegas...
Christopher getting on my nerves
Looks like its #ParanormalActivity3 tonight on Blu-Ray! What's up with every BD coming with a Blu-Ray, DVD & Digital Copy now?!?!?!
Your beautiful
2 of my seniors are going into PhD programs--Classics & English. I bit my tongue and wished them well. Hey--maybe they come from money.
The Pirates once again are falling apart in May...the Pittsburgh Power are coming together as a team, come out to the next home game!
uploading a video today
EVERBODY GO WISH MY NIGGA GOOD LUCK ON HIS SHOW IN DENVER TONITE!!! WISH I COULD BE THERE BRO!! TURN UP FOR G.O.L.
Great Thursday ahead.. starting with a media screening of Emmerich's new film #Anonymous and the #LatinaStyle Business Series event later on
Today is the day!! Meet at 3pm in North Beach at Boardroom in your holiday attire! Make sure you have bartab DL on your phone for $1 drinks
#BeatHunger tonight: Tours on TG Eve! Swap that $7 admission for 3 food items to support ! Tours at 4, 5 & 6
I have a feeling that no matter who you marry, you will still be a Kardashian....:-)
for all of you who have been following me on Chris_Crutcher, I dumped that account and everything will be here.
Alarm woke me up to "Eye of the Tiger". Message? Sleep more...
just really excited and proud of my best friend- love you my darling and of course de la would b there
End of year party w Party Boyz live in concert! Vbar 4500 west ave! San Antonio!
Like u got it going on girl😏
Missn Those Good Old Days....Shyt fuc Lets Make sum New 1's
call me when you wake child!
Yea ikr. Idk how much to sell it for tho
working working working and in the meantime writing new stuff for the mixtape. you?
preparing #vegan lunch like a ninja...
His last day tomorrow ima cry
I was unemployed for 4 months. First time since I was 12, because I wanted something out of retail
I'm hungry, and Noe is taking forever to pick me up
hockey tape on your mouth while healtey fucks you from behind ;)
I feel so bad for Devin :(
I want to say it's about 19 million, but I'll get back to you on that...
I feel the same way. I'm going!!!
If the object was digitized BY the institution doing the preserving, I think the intent is obvious.
when u comin out to denver? Again? Hope u follow back <3
No worries...are you able to listen to our web stream or via smartphone at work?
So proud of our chef for the Beard win for A New Turn In the South. Way to go!
Digium Switchvox integration with Cabmate Dispatch proof of concept is up and running :D
is their a way to turn them off?
are you asking me to retweet your tweets? Is that what you really want?
Scott Walker made this mess. Wisconsin is ready to clean it up by unifying behind the strong alternative-Tom Barrett. Ask Kathleen.
Does your 2-5 year old love to dance? Enter our Dance Designs giveaway today and you could win 1 free month of lessons!...
- it could be a few things. Do you need to download 64bit driver? Is you dongle for version 8.9? We'll get 2 the bottom of this.
Mongolian Grill... Decent looking veggies. $7.00 for a big bowl is a good price though. (@ Beba's Deli & Chutneys Express)
. a lot of words radiate out of an individual
For a upscale place like , you'd think my customer service issues could be solved in less than 5 phone calls.
I'm going to need a scrapbook pretty soon for all the fanmail I've been getting. Need to preserve the memories! :D
Chef Bobby Flay #IronChef signing copies of his book in Washington DC September 21 @ Sixth & I Historic Synagogue #DC #Bobby Flay
oh my god
The thoughtful soul to solitude retires.
You Should already know what he's looking at #IfYouKnowWhatIMean ;-)
Comedy Open stage is going to begin and pizza is ready! YIPPIEH!
Perfect date night - 25 cent wings, kids #jeopardy, and a man that ate 53 wings in 10 minutes #dc #capitolhill (I'm serious)
Some erotic novel for women. Lmao..
R.I.P Whitney Houston
I always vet the insurance. Cheaper to replace if you crack the screen or drop in water or the kids get to them.
yea i know and i wonder why instead of saying pizza we all say peetsa :D
- That fucking moment in the morning when you realise there is no more cereal in the box. :@
Why can't the Giants just stop all the chat ? Really hope the Patriots ram it down their throats !
why are u going to regurgitate?
Paradise Fears.
This right here is my pretty bieber swag:)
Thanks for the #FF love, you guys are great!
RIP Don Cornelius( eva lastiong Soul)
Please call 01925 411 385 to speak with a member of the CheapTents
thanks for the conversation. Good luck to you!
You got to believe that's exactly how it happened. They were the #moonshiners of the 13th century!
Happy New Year! Starting out the year even par!
HELL YEAH!!!
got it. Will check them out. Thanks!
I admittedly know nothing about them. After being this close, I want to know more. Wow.
Same to you, NT!
RT : #StitcherWelcomes // Thanks for having us!
reading your diss chapter one. Jeez. 1, I should have read this four months ago. 2, obviously we should co-edit a book. Serious
Holiday shoppers Round up your purchases to the next dollar & the difference goes to the Club. 11/30 - 12/12 Small change adds up!
I love to dance. I'm a dancer!(: Lol RT- “: #dancedancedance”
I am so glad. I hope we can work together again....still want to work on a book signing event when I get everything together
What a beautiful day here in Cleveland, Ohio
": Some people just don't compare. #sorry" you have never been more right!!!
if he died you wouldnt be on fuckin twitter omg lol
TMZ reporting that #dickclark died of a massive heart attack.
yes they wanted their pic taken this morning. Oldest wanted to dress like daddy today
Thanks! - likewise! (While you were in storytime, odds are high I was reading about it for class.)
YOU KNOW THIS TO BE TRUE.
#AAM2011 Online fever: Thanks to all presenters for a very informative session! Good info even tho it's so early in the AM. :)
How are you doing today? :-)
So true! RT : Awesome Michelle. A regular practice brings so many benefits to our lives :)
I HAVE THE MOST WONDERFUL HUSBAND . Mi stimabo dushi.
being a princess isn't about being a spoiled brat, it's about being pretty inside & out 👸
You're absolutely right! I'm definitely with you on all that.
yaaaay your kinda cute too
Leadership does not need to be a dramatic, fist in the air and trumpets blaring, activity
why do i have the grammar on twitter of a 7 year old, but i score advanced in language arts for state testing? idk cuz im dat bitch heh
Ouch ouch ouch in some serious pain!!! :(
Baking up a storm.
I just finished a 1.99 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
If the definition of world war is involving three or more nations. I've got one going on in me.
Happy Thanksgiving Twitterville - I miss tweating with you - but you are always on my mind!
will ever tweet me someday!!!!!!!!??????huhuhuhu
never know what you're going to get in the am!:) gotta keep you on your toes
incredible! Thank you so much for all your support!!!!
cool. Thanks for the update!
He be speakin' the truth. RT immortal technique is to raw it's unreal
LMAOOOO, lol... No rain/thunder/lightening can stop a man from getting Grandmamas food, lolol
Boy u know I'm excited lmao
did you all watch american idol? so happy with the results! but really...how bad was this season overall? simon is smart for peacing out ;)
Feeling tired? Drink water! Lack of water is the #1 trigger of daytime fatigue.
using twitter to store my memory in the cloud: saw the Red Hot Chili Peppers in April 1986; the place was empty, maybe 50 people.
If you live by the pen you'll die by the sword.
It's my birthday week dammit. Someone bring me a blunt
Nothing much. You still do party promotions.
RT : hey honey. Just checkin on u... U looked skinny last time I saw u. U eating. Lol// lol im good hon!
I just bought a leather sport coat off eBay. I've had bad luck with leather in the past. I hope this one works out.
RT "To know even one life has breathed easier because u have lived...THAT is to have succeeded." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Personal Finance Tool: EzCheckPersonal Check Writer Minimizes the Learning Curve
don't think they'd be insulted by that.
sign man! Comeon it'll do nothing but earn you a much much much bigger fanbase!
Great random Valentine's Day culminating in good food, good drink, and good music. Actually great on all of those.
check your DM
What it lookin like
you r exactly right. Wow what a few hours do and ur correct meds. My brain's working again.Lol. Hey I did my 1st just do it.
loll where was this at?!! I love him!
everybody fucks up but damn man. Steve Blake a cool lil nigga, he was just a little off.
u saw I wrote #baileybinnixisbeautiful?
So good. I think I'll need to make some this weekend
you should play Where Have You Been by Rihanna
thnx for the input re: camtasia!
#nw top gun
Just turned on the heat in my apt in FL because it is too cold.
Education leads to literacy, which leads to economic development. This is the best way to bring Peace to the world.
ok! Just let me know when!
what a coincedenc! Im not sleeping now <-Kelsey xoxo>
tic toc let me see your panties Drop (:
It means your application is under review, takes roughly 6-8 weeks for a decision to be made by the department.
Why is a "wise guy" the opposite of a "wise man"?? # deepthought
Where are you working?
yeah ready for it all to be over with! Lol
TCGD!!! RUNNING CRAZY!!! slap the ask
Its so annoying that "a lot" isnt spelled as one word
Crazy Girl!!! YEAH for TEXAS Country going big!!!!! LOVE Eli Young Band!
What's with this waking up with a headache thing?! Is it too much sleep?
i get lonely to
Clinging to sanity. Kids over the top crazy.
Nothing brightens my day more than a rude customer
My appetite for hockey is just about gone.
Don't even joke about that!!!
is it volume?
Tough times never last but tough people do.(:
Vergne: 2012 not a Red Bull audition
Hey ya ya
Is there practice on Tuesday at MMS?
“: Everybody talks & everybody listens, but somehow the truth just always comes up missin'" <3
we did ... along with one of their English Muffins. One of the best breakfast splurges in a while! Thanks!
Worst day of a final ever.
2nd round Champions League quarter finals!!!
enjoy the IPv6 block! Let us know if you have any questions or issues.
Techno music, makes me feel like I'm stuck in the douchiest of nightmares.
Freedom! New graduates going crizazy this weekend!
He really hates to be alone.
Good morning tweetplugs!! 2012 is around the corner!
Have actually had a great day skateboarding
Well, they didn't say which age, and I imagine teens handle more intense things on a weekly basis. Just saying.
you having fun favoriting a bunch of videos..?(;
Are you or your friends looking for an interesting and thought provoking class to take next semester? Check out Intro to Feminisms!
In 2 months, I've dropped one clothing size, btw. I was very ill from Dec-Mar, but that's over & I'm back to this routine.
In organizations, real power and energy is generated through relationships
ya shoe game be on point 👍
YOU ARE THE FRESHEST COOKIE IN THE COOKIE JAR!! <3
Just woke up!!:/ #tired #Whattodotonight?
we just went up peak 10 a few times, didn't expect it to be half as good as it was
I'd do anything to just get one step closerto you. <3
u have in amozing voies love ya
So happy its not raining today! The doggies were not happy about their walks yesterday! Looking forward to the scheduled dog walks today!!!
House Ed Comm now hearing SB15. We strongly support this bill-its good education policy & good workforce development policy
Looking for a good webcam under $50 to connect kids with the out-of-town grandparents. Any recommendations?
So believe in yourself. Prepare, yes, but also go for it with conviction! Everyone have a great week! And "Never give in"!
#Cheers to life...
I think Ima go home and get on that PS3
+1 RT Apparently I need to make the "man-bait" apple crisp... How have I never made this before?!
Paying the price for ignoring my Inbox for a period of days. So worth it!!!
earn less than $5,000 a year from
getting in in Shreveport!!! Go Girly!!!
glassblowing for 1000.... this item was made popular by a man named snodgrass.
I got 12 Strangers/Seattle Weeklys so I can make a edition of 12 if I can cut that long.
That moment of realization was horrible. ._
use natural honey from bees as close to your home as you can get it. Country Markets usually keep it. the Amish way works 4 me
“: Natty Daddy coming 2012, we own the Rose bowl, But BCS Champs Sounds better ;)” You know it!
": watching friendss.. i love this show" one in the same! Jersey Shore followed by friends, always great
Kettering Health was on top for #DaytonJobs posting in Jan-Feb with 480 postings!
#IDidntTextYouBack because you can't spell at a fourth grade level.
on some real shit im tryna hit that mega millions
MS State Senator Merle Flowers feels working appliances are an option. When a pregnant mother of three complained, he evicted her? TBR
That's good news, Slim You've got your priorities aligned!
Morning dear! Would love to get together for coffee to conspire … :)
Vip Luxury Service Launches the New Frontier of Luxury Shopping: Vip Video Shopping Service for members of Privilege ...
See you later on today (technically) <333 so pumped.
I miss #Oprah on ABC
Deltas gon start a Riot at they own centennial
I'm in vegas
I have a great deal of respect for you. You have position of influence counsel POTUS he needs your prayers and support
Good morning New York!
I think they should get a fine for littering for every. single. one.
house of blues
is a #fashionmujtahid. Shirwani as a jubba over a thobe? I've contemplated it but never attempted it yet.
that's always how it starts, just a little piece of chocolate leads to an empty bag an hour later. Damn sweets!
mondays...theyre just never good. ):
The stupid stuff that this girl do!
Now my mama mad b/c she doesn't wanna wake up and get me food.. Its not my fault you decided to stay out till 4 last night..
good old times
RT : Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as he pleases.
Goodnight twitter people!
Dark Shadows in IMAX >
I'm just gonna start screaming "COBAIN'S BACK!" whenever I enter a room from now on. Bio Lab, consider yourself on notice.
Thanks cubTales!! I actually pinged a couple of new parents about you. :)
why did u turn down federal train money and force our state to borrow 30 million
Miley Cyrus got inducted to the Bowling Hall of Fame, Y’all
25th anniversary of the Rumble tonight! Any WWE fans out there?
omg. That sounds soo good. I've never had one before. Ahah
drunken donuts... YUM!
you really bout that action lil nigga YOU JUST CAPPIN....Fella
come chat over on our facebook, we'll be giving away some free music! Http://facebook.com/thesocialband
Betty Draper on Mad Men
Love this! #Poetry:"the minutely staggered and then breathtaking merging of word, image and fact." Alan Hollinghurst THE STRANGER"S CHILD
depends on how much u want to spend.
rum raisin!
In memory of MCA, I'm spending all day blasting new, unsigned rap artists.
": ........and he literally tweeted "im telling ciara on yall" the delusion is real people" ci don't give a f*ck...smh lol
Yeah I saw some of his games when he was in Ohio State was a beast
Social media is going to be the biggest transformational change in the marketing world
UUhh why does it say there is only 301 views..??? we're trying to set a record here!!!
Being close to death is when you feel the most alive
recipe exchange!!!
Next time I need to make time for tacos. Sorry to realize I missed meeting you last night at Wits!
Lol on the low.
Just heard about Junior Seau! How awful and terribly sad. :(
guess I better memorize your number then!
just me!
Evaluate all standing committees and eliminate any that do not directly and productively contribute to ALA's charge
“Action expresses priorities.” ~Mohandas K. Gandhi
Downtown looks promising tonight. What are you up to on this magical evening?
Why do you say that?! Lol!
Do you know what proportions are?
ah LIFE in nola, what more could you ask for :)
From #Entourage! Please just go watch it and thank me later.
I fucking love you <3 I am so glad we are friends. I'm here for you. Anytime .(:
thanks 4 the followback! i carry awesome scissors and cool product! hope you have a awesome weekend and Go Flames! lol!
Let's get 2011 off on the right foot, San Diego!
oh wow lol. It's a small world foreal lol.
Help us reach 300 fans today! Remember we are giving away a $25 gift card to your favorite STN restaurant/bar once we hit 500 fans!
; We Have a bond that's unbreakable & its not time to let it go [we're in love] & now that we know its real. . .
single and flippant.
on my way home from work now, see you on g+!!!
Rudy Ramirez raised this early last year; Castaneda was the one who brought forward the idea of the ballot measure @ last mtg
That quote about the unwilling working for the ungrateful doing the impossible for the unworthy? Yeah that.
Ok, Coach Jack, enlighten me with your football prowess? Rice dropped my hot pocket during prep.
I meant while
Funny that I spent three years of my life intensively studying cognitive aids for email, and still floundering in my own inbox.
thats how we do at LMU ;)
- Food makes meSo happy ;.
OMG! This is terrible :(
Oh I remember those! Put 1/2 c chopped candied ginger in mine. We're a ginger household. Maybe an all corner brownie pan?
Don't forget about the Farmer's Market today in La Mesa from 3pm to 6pm! Located off of Allison Street!
We are too busy mopping the floor to turn off the faucet. - Author Unknown
Just cuz I can't eat a sami doesn't mean I won't join you!
Ann Wolfe, James Kirkland ... RESPECT!
What's your name?
finally made it into my classroom today... not happy with table/desk layout... any ideas to share?
Sometimes I read some tweets on here and literally laugh out loud. If I had a roommate, they'd think I was insane
Winning swag sheen !
Hit me with it I'm trapped in a sexual harasment seminar....
Oopsie. I'm wearing capri's & haven't shaved my legs in 4 days.
It's obvious Romney has no compassion for people or animals.
Idea Village is hosting a happy hour on Monday 10/24.
Packing and getting ready to move to Nor Cal til August.
#Top10bestvideos - Justin Bieber ,, Justin Bieber omg
cats and my girlfriend make everything better :)
salutes all veterans and active military for their sacrifice and service. I'm gratefully in your debt.
