First Tweet From a Driver Racing in
where was this hard yoga class? I'm a masochist.
Since I'm not running for the next month or so, I'm thinking I need to catch up on the CodeYear tutorials. Did 4, got too busy.
Hilarious. Hang in ...
I literally mean it when I say thank God Santorum is done.
glad I am not that guy!
Spent today talking with Sarah! Took 3 hours discussing the Holy Spirit today. Came back to my loving 2yo nephew! He's such a sweetheart!
Countin money all I seem to hear is benji talkin
One good woman is enough, and it takes a real man to realize that.
RT : Don't be afraid of opposition; remember, a kite rises against, not with, the wind - Hamilton W Mabie
What drink did you have it in?
I didn't know what the fuck to do, so I went inside and called the Shannahammer.
I just wanted to be appreciated ! I guess not .
Work was fun today:)
4 in the morning?! Holy crap... And you can use Skype on a mobile? I feel dumb for not looking
Top rated Breakfast Tacos in town. Not fast premade tacos. Each one is made for you. Taco in a bowl with egg whites, any taco in a bowl!!
Just found 's book fired to hired at a thrift store. Super excited to see it b/c she's new to .
It's about time they had representation! : 1st #speakout speaker is a #WalMart associate - and still has to be on welfare
cookout, brackets and italian ice are all trending in dc. what a day.
Margaret Fuller~ When your dreams tire they go underground and out of kindness thats where they stay.
reppin stevenage on my own woo, such a shit mood:(.
Philly fuckin this game off
About to eat and you?
whas wrong ? ;o who Am I gonna beat up today? I will drive to SA best believe haha
30% off select items and 20% off your entire purchase! Ask us how! Now thru Friday
Took one on the chin today...your learn more from your failures than your successes.
If assholes could fly then this place'd be an airport...and I'd be in AlQueda.
Is it really? hahaha I don't even know. I've never tried not to be
I know Torrey. Gotta keep some things on the down low.
would love it if he follows his brother to the Heights
yea I was
enjoy the much deserved rest.
Georgetown scores with 6:47 left in the game to take a 21-7 lead over Benedictine.
awesome! Thx for the tip!
Triples can be serialized in mayny ways, including RDF. But basic concept is the same.
If u cant rack and red bottom still come out April 9 bday bash.....The main event center..
An upcoming review of John Harvey's "A Darker Shade of Blue": will be "particular treat for the author's many devoted fans."
Classic ! “: Do you ever get down on your knees and thank God you know me and have access to my dementia?”
virtual residency page has typos! "Project must be completed by march 2011"??
I mean damn: vacuum cleaners are retarded expensive. Someone should invent a carpet broom.
I never expected her to say anything good about them .__. First thing she said when she saw them, "They look old." OTL
Yay!!! What a fabulous trio! :)
Watched Chris Evans throw around a shield for two hours. Great movie!
The Production Company is now on Twitter! Follow us for all the info - including the announcement of our next season's schedule !
Do you have a link to the Boehringer Ingelheim chemistry game mentioned in FIR #645?
Contrary to popular belief, old school hip hop is quite therapeutic. Gracias !
lol damn near. This my morning song.
that's the first time i heard that excuse for why he left
so i just looked on craigslist for the fun. tickets for friday and the only people selling them want $90 each :(
I like to drink water its good for you
I can barely stand the online version of the UTSD. The pop up ads are obnoxious.
Currently 65% into the rough cut!!!
HELLO WORLD
100 years ago today JFK's gandfthr threw out the first pitch against the Yankees at Fenway.
How can someone be both my strength and my weakness?
Really thought I would see more people tonight with it being Cinco de Mayo, but I only saw &
It's really sad to say bye bye to all of that good bar b q and beer...treadmill and weights first thing in the am!
its time to get up in the morning, in the morning
Dope session tonight ... Wait tll y'all here new record #SAMESONG shout to eryone tonight good night
little baby charlie! heart is melting! remember when she was so tiny? and not crazy? charlie [hearts] her cousins.
Can we all agree that Brad Pitt's performance in Troy left alot to be desired? Very questionable.
lol easy concept!
I want to meet someday!!
Blue Jackets are in!! Ship attack and hostages...and more pink wigs? You never know in the mornings here on 10TV...tune in at 5!!
top guys that are sexy:
good luck!
Happy mothers day! I have one of the best moms I could ask for! Love you mom!
#Nalip2012 was only great because you were there! Next year is too far away.
one midterm to go til fall break!
she need to stand still bc that shit is pitchy.
New dream job: set designer for the catalogue!
im trying to get him to follow this account! Obviously...hence my twitter name.....haha
Anybody have a rope? I need to rescue a few people who jumped of the bridge a few weeks ago,
I love everyone... Wait. No that's not true.
Sorry I couldn't get to work, I couldn't find the bus stop.
I would like the world to know that the anti pneumonia vaccine hurts like a bitch the next day. Just so you are aware. :-)
DIversity Thrift on Sherwood Ave is open today, however DT2 will remain closed. Come check out quarter weekend!
Seeing the Dictator with Kellllie tonight (: We've been waiting for this to come out for months!!
How did my bby mos wanted crew do? I didn't see it :(
Right or wrong, Bret Bielema and Bo Ryan have both managed to create PR nightmares for themselves in the last few months.
TEXT ME.
They/it were/was equal parts Hammer-Pants and skirt.
I give a big THANK YOU to all our community sponsors and individuals that assisted in making Future Leadership Boca 2009 great this year!
Reid says will file cloture tonight on $35 billion teachers/first responders jobs bill. Sets up Friday vote.
Hahaha I asked for that. RT : ah Brandon Weeden ah
the boss!
omg, im so tired -_- this has been such a long day...
Thats new :p
I was 14.!
😱😱😱😱 what the fuck!!! Are you freakin serious!! Wow this motherfucker lol what did you get?!
Definitely not the same
she's a cutie pie.. 💜 that kid to death..
Whose your pick: Jones vs. Rampage? My moneys on Rampage to get his belt back! Gonna be a good one! takin ur money! ;)
What program is this?
Forget #SignsofCheating Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.
No heirloom of humankind captures the past as do art and language.
Sure Serve Process Servers is your best option for service of process and serving bank levies & wage garnishments in Sacramento, CA!
#thingswelearnedontwitter after WW I when nothing is left, an unknown hot bimbo will still follow me & send a url so we can chat.
thanks boo :) .
aren't you tired of being followed by people trying to sell some thing?
Texylicious!!!!!Yes! Next state....Ohio??
Fine if response is call 4 rule change. Doesn't cut making 1 guy fall guy for whole system. UW not exceptional.
Following in your footsteps,
Rage. Haha, that was "Oopsies" with a lisp :3
#NELAITS11 content vendors charging a small fortune for content subscriptions, but the same content is not usable through the app. bad!!
Friend showed up with a bottle of Vino! Don't I have lovely friends...
#StayAwayFromMeIf you don't like Chelsea Grin
Abigail is playing great #soccer tonight......but dang it's cold out here now. Maybe they'll let me play long enough to warm up a bit
Yes, and I knew that! Showcase was really great! Thanks, Eleanor
Upon hearing about the #Guild #Wars 2 pre-purchase, I momentarily lost the ability to speak and could only say "Hurr Durr!"
you're the BEST customer ever miss steph g
Lol I noticed people be in they feelins on twitter aw
and i feast when i conquer.
lol i was kinda serious.!!!
I never sweat tha small shit but that don't mean they won't....
Hey hey!
Tonight 7PM, Artist Talk featuring Joyce Y-J Lee '10 (Mount Royal).
Michael Jacson-Do you remember the time? When we first met...
do you remember the girl who lifted her shirt in seattle tacom? What was your reaction???
good seein u and ur boo how bout next time ur in the DFW u give me a ring
I wanna f*ck my iPhone 4... is that bad?
Looks like it's gonna be a long two months
Opp letdown... Come on karma..
Much Thanks Bon!! Hope you are well, been busy lately? Crazy busy here but its brilliant!! Hope to hear from you soon :)
hey you know when I asked your opinion on whether you could wait or not?! YA ME EITHER.
Good afternoon, Twitter. How you all doing today? -Jared
great night at the Dell Diamond, dollar hot dogs in the Bypass Lane
Met many interesting preservation professionals and heard lots of cool ideas yesterday. Thanks !
These young hoes let my size and color fool em... It's never that easy.. I put business before a lot.. But leap Bitch!!!! I'm 96.8% BLACK!
OptiMOSHprime i was singing that yesterday! Plus, im on mu way to the zoo now.
Bro all my bread is bouta go n to da #FMG company, videos nigga, n LOUIE V bro #iSwear lol.... #iSeeDaLite n
Can't wait until the Bulls get put out
BUFFALO. aka Darien Lake Center in New York
will be there in 10-15, save me some eh
yes i do lol all the time but some times i find them
so. . .seen any cars with no engines?
#WHM #PrincipalHighlight- Elise Feldman, who has created a campaign with her Partner to galvanize students of PS41 in SI to attend college!
... he's a singer from youtube.
Just whipped up a quick breakfast meal
Lmao no I don't xD
Planning a series of acrylic hand painted & airbrushed shaded versions of my characters. Going to be crazy-awesome and/or awesomely-crazy.
Vandals go up by 7 with 4:52 left in the first half. Score 48 to 41. Kings with the ball.
my world histry teacher did-can have him email u thoughts- edmodo easier more fluid- schoology had better static content features
RT : RT : What's the move for cardio after legs today?elliptical or stair climber << answer?
Like I wouldn't even want D rose on my team..
Not even for Micky Dolenz? Disappointment, my friend. Disappointment.
Gota b more productive
The girlfriend had a miricle yesterday. On the 32 anniversy of the greatest goal on earth Mike Eruzione walked into her office. Pretty Cool
Stupid Trump & show. RT : Do you think Star and NeNe can work out their issues?
I'm sure there's a story behind it, but I'm terribly confused by tweeting -- a lot -- about nothing but golf lately.
thanks babe!
Brushed metal finishes will hide finger prints & wear better than bright metal finishes
yeah I hope so, but after this concert he's probably not going to have another close to Ohio..
": Call our special line to hear all the videos you won't be able to watch!"
Is stoked! Had an audition as "Suburban Mom" for Transformers 3 yesterday! Woo hoo!
um yes, he NEEDS to be!!!!!! Can we have patio beers tonight and talk about the notes we got from a5
waving ~ got my '80s on over here..."The Heat is On" from Beverly Hills Cop
in Samburu village!! I'll be organizing donations to send to them- tell your friends!!
Please pray for Mike an employee who was rushed to hospital this afternoon & is now undergoing an 8 hr heart surgery.
Yes! See Meredith McGill's "Am Lit & the Culture of Reprinting." Also on "Eliz. Whitman & Her 'Disappointment'"
thank you! smiling IS fun!
even better! Lol!
INE. I'll cut you. YES im A Bitch But Thats MY <-- Mother Fuckin Baby ♥
Haven't been on here in a while ;F
I'm not throwing shit at they ass lol
Lasagna. The breakfast of champions on this fabulous Singles Awareness Day! ;)
As a fake copyright holder, it pleases me that YouTube is so responsive to hilarious fake DMCA takedown requests.
. CUNY is pretty much a scared-straight program anyway : )
Anita, Thanks for the RT.
New ‘Garbage Pail Kids’ Movie on the Way via
Rain,rain, go away..come again...never....
Happy Valentine's Day!!! The best gift you can give your Love is a healthy You!
#BOOM RT : haven't been to for months. guess what? it's still fucking great.
Oh I totally plan on it! I'm doing fantabulous! lol :) Everything is finally good to go and I
SMH. RT "You guys want any beer, or maybe some cottage cheese" -odd combo for my friend to offer
... What a wonderful event. Wish we lived close enough to attend. Enjoy the beautiful art being auctioned!
Allergy to one member of a food family can mean allergy to other members of the same botanical family because of shared or cross-reactive...
I may not have "swag" but i sure know how to treat a lady
I really need to check the train tracker before i leave...
Falling asleep in class and waking up extremely confused and lost <
Implores women present to assist other women to get "promoted like the boys". Mentorship *IS* important.
Prepare to cringe in 3, 2, 1: RT : 50 million Americans haven't read a book in over a yr. As a business THAT'S our #1 problem.
He feels revolted if he saw or touched money
Thoughtful post by on HuffPo's new "libraries" page--hurting or helping?
happy Friday! Have you decided on the hotel yet? Need to get this wrapped up soon :)
Which is it? Horny? Or pancakes? OR *gasp!* HORNY FOR PANCAKES?!?!
has to admit he kind of enjoys the end of semester busy rush, reminds him of many caffeine-laden happy days.
i think i would know what i would like for my birthday a lapdance from you if that was ok but i still have 7 more months
There are no ordinary moments. There is always something going on.
"What's with all the rain?"
Went to Food lion with this bitch. C:
I hope everyone won't, but you may be right. In an age where most celebrities are rather lackluster, I want more competition.
Today's gonna be an awesome day, weather feels absolutely AMAZING that means windows open, Ghost Busters just came on, and decorating later!
Sold another copy of In the Mirror at the subway. The word is moving like crazy, all because I got up the nerve to give a woman a flyer.
I saw their truck when I was in LA. Tried tosnap a pic, but too late.
send me a link to your youtube and i will sub4sub right now ;D<333
HHHAAA, I shouldn't laugh me too.!!!
Murray hill theater !
You have 0 credibility. As do your lies.
Tyler Champagne becomes our latest booker with a commercial for Mercedes! WTG buddy!
TONIGHT: Closing Party feat. performances & food. Revealing Winner of 2012 Cherry Blossom Photo Contest!...
love you<3 (:
I will put you in my referral list. ;-)
In a meeting re: ebook philosophy in libraries. What do my library tweeps link about the philsophy behind adding ebooks to collections?
Selena see you're the girlfriend the Justin Bieber I you give her Phone number?
"bottle service" huh? meaning I can bring a bottle to the club owner then they sell it to a patron and I keep the difference in the price?
MI-4 is a good movie but War Horse deserves to be #1 and will be the movie that earns a Best Picture nod.
Exam in R.M.I. done, now two exams completely unrelated to my career on Fri/Sat, then off to training I go on Monday!
“: Stuck in NY. Gonna miss Bummer.” - haven't u earned a helicopter?
I will also be selling tickets at my Leadership games meeting. Taking Place from 7:00 p.m.-7:30 p.m. in Akers Hall Rm. 134 or Akers Aud.
If I don't look how you THINK I should look, look the other way.
always ! Welcome ! 😉
Also wondering if teachers like doing professional development during the summer?? #edtech,
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." Martin L uther King, Jr.
phew,thank of for that baby doorknob or I'd be fucked.
If you want the drama, dive all the way in. Don't half ass lol
I wonder what Chris thinks of Gianna fangirling about the other Boyz hahaha.
Tornado watch? I thought I moved out of the Midwest.
What ever you got hindng in the dark will come out in the light..peep game real talk it always does...you cant lie forever..
ok... i'm gonna start trying to use this twitter thing, its hard to do it on a regular basis!
the cook out was fun it was nice to see all the fam together its been a lil min.
okayy. Me either.
Just lovely, woken up by acid jolt to throat (from stomach)! Fortunately it was a fleeting one! Now that I'm awake, what to do?
Going over to hangout with #studydate...!
All done!
COME EARLY! LOTS of birthday parties arriving before 11! There WILL be an outside line!
I'm also teaching Divine Right's Trip by Gurney in my ENG 210W, later this semester. I should probably go meet Gurney.
Happy Mother's Day!!
my 2nd period teacher told us.
My beautiful voice >> Usher
Criterion for value is whether or not something adds to or advances the human condition--Ikeda, Soka Education.
I feel like something is missing.....
Stanley Tucci, breaking from ‘The Hunger Games,’ pleads for arts funding (via )
awee yeah his gnarly advice that he gave me a while ago helped!
#FridayReads - A Clash of Kings by George RR Martin. For some reason, this one is easier for me to get into than A Game of Thrones.
M, breakfast just the way I like it...made by someone else! ;) Now it's time to make the doughnuts at The Art Plant!
im bout to murder dat BRAVO JOHNNY!
Pouring outside!
WWE: Substance Abuse in Wrestling and Why Straight Edge Matters
am I me? Is Malkovich Malkovich?
So much to do...so little time! Maybe if I'd "TWEET" less, I would get the tasks done!.....Well maybe! Hm
Just joined Twitter! Finally stepping into the new age.
It's like all I've ever known just ended... I feel like I'm stuck in a huge black hole... Why...?
What's your favorite #running season?
Merry Christmas remember that Jesus is the reason for the season.
Big power comeback. Power win in OT
When people ask if I have kids, I spice up my answer by raising my hands to the heavens and screaming "I HAVE NO SON!!"
there have been articles written in decline of sciences after high school. Poetry could be the remedy to our sciences?
TGIF - can I get an "Amen" up in here?!
My thoughts about tomorrow>>>>
I need someone, or a few people willing to complete the million things on my bucket list over the next 20 years or so.
Would there be any more hilarious a time than watching that movie with him? I can't even imagine.
BREAKING NEWS: The Heat are up 2-0 on the Celtics.
Hey kids so its Jersey Mikes then tonight it's Industry (the old Area) across from 650 (the old Republic). Lol lots of things are a changin!
always for you dear
Hello. Good mornin.
Driving 5 hrs to Indianapolis just to run 13.1 miles because for some reason this race made my Bucket List. What was I thinking?
When the most talented team brings its A game, it wins. Unfortunately for Kansas, Kentucky is bringing it tonight.
exactly, many more would read it when it gets published as a book!
thanks for following. Sending you love from New York City. Congrats on your audition! : - )
I've loved sp since I'm just a kid came out! And when they were in ny min with the olsen twins! I need to see them again!
I've been practicing hip hop all day in my head omg
A whole month of tdf. I love July!
Loving the lineup for #OscarsOutdoors!! #RaisingArizona is definitely on my list! Oh who am I kidding, they all are!
The bulls look like garbage. Thank god it's only the second game of the season.
Met with new client Melloy Dodge today. We set up a comprehensive Internet Marketing program for their firm. Great folks!
Your team your company your logo! 702 510 9942
RT : Congrats to the (Mo Mavs) on the opening round #sweep #MoMavs <--Thank you!
My cousin doesn't sit on the toilet seat when she pees.
"Forget past mistakes. Forget failures. Forget everything except what you're doing right now and do it."--William Durant
KD just put Bynum in the blender
people who complain about something then go and do the same thing. congrats on fuffiling yourself to be a hypocrite.
Ah I see! Thanks for the info!
Learning requires lots of exchange and dimension.
v nice and thanks to mr mccray.
Off to for a #charcoal load up. I hope they didn't run out!
isn't she lovely , isn't she wonderful
Gosh darn you! Lol I just signed up for pintrest and I see you already had one. Any social site your NOT on? :P
Shoutout to for holding it down in the studio tonight!
why thable you the name says I am lol
NEW FEATURE: Precipitation (Snow / rain / etc) daily TOTALS are now in "forecast" and "forecast7day" API requests. Enjoy!
not quite sure I believe all of that. Tb on left would be annoying, but if it has a retina display… hope it still comes in matte
Come watch the final game of the year! Butler and U Conn! 6pm. Drink and food specials all night
name names!
I didn't go this year
Smallest things- can make you feel great if you allow them 2.
I'm grateful for airheads... They bring a lot of laughter
It's hard to believe that girls like you, love guys like me
Time to start researching NFL sunday - big day today
Is it weird that I always remember Leap Day as the day "An Extremely Goofy Movie" came out on video?
Hi Heather :)
Aren't you glad God loves you through the good & the bad! Thank God he didn't erase our future b/c of our past!! He alone is worthy!!
can you sen me your Email so I can sen you four of my best songs lets see if you like any
Thank you so much! :)
Having acute energy drink crash.
That's rough for someone who should be a junior in college. Not that he can't do it, but to say he should?
Halftime!!! Thunder up by 15
lol I know you want to!!!
Caffeinating to prepare for a day of archival processing!
duh. I can get down with that.
Spring break was lame
#GeekTrivia question from : Who was Captain Cold's sister, who also became one of the Flash's enemies?
I caught this 5 yr old lookin at my butt at my Sis rec I said lil boy ima tell ya momma
I'm running it this year...my first half. I'm now in the 'I have no desire to go out on a training run' stage.
Gotta love productive days
Hi! Thank you very much for the follow! :)
I just read, "Unofficial Grand Poobah" and got a chuckI had to share to break up my day. :-)
not a cloud in the sky!
What are your chip stacks? I want in on the LL, I only have 20500
Alright im leaving . Bye (:
Hanging out w/farmers from the Tremont Farmers Market at Lava Lounge.
Who knew?? The hidden image on cover of BORN TO RUN >>
Obama takes medication for his hip and for keeping his cock hard he can't work that cock anymore
....thats funny, cause i could have sworn your were tryin to get some last week..
Victorian Halls at Chicago's own Friday, Jan 27 with $7.
Happy hour Monday -Friday $1 off all taps and $2 rails. 4pm-7pm. Come out and visit us @ the Jade Monkey Bar!!
Looking good Green! RT : Dorian Green is featured on the CBB home page.
I don't know how my little brother can knock out in seconds and I'm just here forcing myself to go to sleep -.- the fuck.
Im gonna see the avengers soon!:)
I have to get used to this schedule. SUPER busy. holy moly!
COWBOY here
If I was your GIRLfriend I'd never let you go ;) <3
now following all
i'm looking at an angel (:
I may even go back to my fake name on twitter "JonBoyOhBoy". Most don't use their real names on here anyway
You keep calling them FAKE, yet you're still their friend.. so what does that make you ?
Never lose your sense of humor.
hey when I get back from Boston we will hang!!!! love you!!!
that's that motherly love :)
I'M SO SAD I MISSED HER.
does anybody knows who bought out washington national insurance company?
Convinced everyone to change the tv to Thir13en Ghosts. And is too scared to watch in the valley and is making up excuses.
McKiernan from - on outcomes of #highered...Quality of learning is impt on top of degree completion to meet
Privileged to hear sing at the famous Hotel Cafe tonight!
the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th pieces all had female performers. Still the ratio was less than general pop. True about the audience.
Also, Jesus didn't hang out with "Those in charge". What part of "Love One Another" do you not understand, Rick???
yes sir!
I don't mind the torrential downpours too much while camping in the backcountry...but it makes the shower and shave quite welcome once home.
Do my assignment for me? Explain the ALA’s position on Wikileaks or SOPA/PIPA and whether it's in accord with ALA’s professional ethics. Z
Good golly I dislike accidentally Tweeting misspelled words.
Why is angry birds so addicting ?
Sometimes, you just have to cry.
I hunt in Waushara county in Wild Rose!
i dont have her number
So today I took a friend on her first IKEA visit and then taught her how to make a necklace. Sensory Overload.
NATO is going on in Chgo this weekend. We have to be ready for bombings and stuff.
Unequivocally the best bad movie. Sam Elliot is a bonus. RT: Also, a young Sam Elliott! Holy carp.
Can't wait to head to the Indie Spirit Film Festival in Colorado Springs to screen my short film, "Just Like the Movies" !!!
DD wants to play multiple years. Cant blame him. Its gonna be tough for them. TT and MM have dodged that ?. Not good
Very happy to be #cofficing with and ! , but where is ?
I'll give them points for checking the book out of the library. :)
epic rebuttal for the W!
GOT MAJOR LOVE FOR MY PEOPLE SO IN SEEKING THE SECRET TO SUCCESS ONLY TO BRING IT BACK!!!
If you want to no something just ask!
Omg i cannot believe that girl wrote that about the boyz and vinny, it really bothered me... Cause she doesnt even support them
MSMQ: Modeling is a way to make explicit our assumptions about our premises.
Gotta ask: If you were to guest on the show, what sort of character would you want to play?
Anyway, that's it. NO MORE DOLLS. (Until awesome new ones come out.)
Tomorrow starts a new week... What are your goals?
Alright . Ima about to go make some hitz . Any rappers in miami wana work , Hit me up .
don't worry boys I told him he was wasting his time/ I'd have to be crazy to wear that considering how badly we crushed the pens last night
When the train stop this time ima catch it
#shakeitup is such an UNREALISTIC show!!!!!! if there newbies back up dancers........why are they always on and in the center or front -_-
No one can ever TAKE away our personal power but we tend to give it away in order to conform and be accepted.
how do bands apply?
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 2
I'd really like to see models for large-scale digitization... went to a session about this at SAA, but still need more info
That's a Cream Ale. We haven't ventured into cream ales yet over here. Cheers!
Isn't it AWESOME?!
Eew. Weather, you're so English today.
Dont know how much time has passed, oh god it feels like forever.
Inspiring and at the same time makes me want to hide in an old library.
This is exactly how I felt last night. I was literally hating everything, so I just cried for awhile. Feel better love, <3!
Agreed to make homemade pierogi for Easter brunch. Any suggestions on recipes or technique?
Anyone else think Dr Pepper tastes like flat Cherry Coke? Ugh.
this is a good decision. See everyone the week after next.
mitch!!! You should be on tarp crew :) haha
I just saw that was replaced by Layla. Hopefully Beth gets a speedy recovery to again Dominate the
its usually not this late in the year
hi dwayne wade....your my number one idol in miami heat.....god bless you.....
lol, yeah, i landed it. thanks for following me
thanks for the #followfriday love! #twitterhug!
thoughts on commercial last night? moved to tears or not very impactful?
Nope, but I have a copy. Don Ho singing "Shock the Monkey?" gold I tell ya!!! Guess again... He has a radio show on 1180
Ur the biggest fucking pussy that can't stand up to some one who's smaller than u are u fucking lil pussy bitch u know who i'm talkin bout!!
lol come make me! So much Fun this weekend w u xoxox
Watching this #Heat game! Cmon boys lets do this!
In the night, the stormy night, she closed her eyes.
it shouldn't, but you can login to Hover and check the settings.
Text Spam - is there anything more annoying?
Hey, Neph, thanks for the shout out. Good to hear from you.
RT : opinion mining via machine learning techniques that exploit syntax and word vector properties.
those creepy crawlies are no joke.
I did yeen call me fattycakes
St. Louis bound!!
Mariners/A's in Japan. It's like MLB is trying to alienate the entire country.
I think you are a complete asshole and as mayor you suck big time get rid of the fucking snow asshole
I know right, I miss kieth sweat, and jodeci man.
I am a rom com junky just playing y'all
Hello Elizabeth, are you also the member of Parenting community ?
Thanks & Kate Harlson for a great show! Our next show will be next Wed. Jan., 25th featuring Chris Frasco & Brother Nature, 7pm!
You're not funny, you're annoying. There's a difference.
In case you missed it, free member ticket reservation for Wednesday's game vs. Portland is under way at JoinSporting.com.
Fate is for those too weak to determine their own destiny.
what it do
im pullin out my dress tho just in case lol
Bring back the Denim-from-head-to-toe look! AND the corn rows!
a few drams of single malt are a great cure for hiccups.
When ppl. get arrested, why do they start running their mouth. Telling the police everything. Wake the fuck up, they put it in there report.
saw him there...alas, no interview! :-(
CAN YOU SKYPE RIGHT NOW???
..Cirque du Soleil was in the store Sunday night. and they sang. there's video proof on the blog: www.johnsarahjohn.tumblr.com
Putting together a 'Lindsay gets domestic against every fiber of her being' mix. Song ideas?
Thanks, Ginny. Happy Wednesday! :)
RadioBedlam is what we call our #openmic #Belltown every Tuesday at 7pm
The latest lingerie fashion trend? Show your “bretelles”(straps)!
You'd be surprised. DC Caps have sold out every game for the past few years.
There is 5 amazing guys that have my heart<3
We have liftoff! Jackie's 2nd baby tooth just fell out :)
I wuvvvvv you
Aye...but still grateful I woke up...somebody somewhere didn't
It was a crazy process but here we are-open for business daily from 10 am to 7 pm!
you were on fire tonight! Great job! Awesome win
Graduated college last night with my wife It's been a long time coming but the past few years have been a lot of fun!
Omg! Wendy's has bomb a$$ signature sides! and I are going in!
Wow, if u were from Oregon, there is no way possible u would be that tan! Unbelievably Beautiful!
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well. ~ Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Real women are secure with themselves. No man can tear them down & they don't need to talk down on another woman to bring themselves up!
We're accepting donations for Toys for Tots from Dec.1st-15th, Bring in any new unwrapped toy and recieve a voucher for 15% off any service!
now UR talkin bro! DO IT!!!
My heart rate is off the charts right now! And I low key want the POTUS and Olivia to end up together. Judge me.
jordan schwank touched our teachers ass.....awkward.
Happy Thanksgiving! TND is spread across America an Canada to be with family today. First up for me; Macy's Parade and a bowl of cereal! ~AZ
#Empire is a family
Sell Your Home Smarter When the real estate market is a roller coaster, a homeowner has to sell your home smarter not harder. The average
I may just be a bit too much of a masochist.
A lie is a lie is a lie is a lie..
A shield of moderate to heavy rain is pushing its way across NJ and will for the next few hours.
Going to Dancing WithThe Stars on Monday! Look for me! I'll be front row on the floor :)
Taj Mahal for authentic Indian cuisine...Central Expressway. My senior mom thought the house wine was toxic however.
#CorporateGreed: Is there an app for that? #VeriGreedy stop slamming workers who want a fair contract.
sup home slice hows it hangin
okay guys i have a bay area directioner emergency
Awesome Monday coming home. No traffic and making it on sched for oil change.
I don't think you realize the power you have over me. The way just one word from you can make me feel amazing...or like crap
going to see adventureland tonight. can't believe i haven't seen 'i love you, man' yet.
TOMORROW! 4:30pm, W Market & Springfield: Daily Peoples Campaign Marches to Observe Anniversary of epic Montgomery Bus Boycott!
Feeling very sleepy. How am I going to make it through P90X2 Plyocide tonight?
Fingers crossed!
Good morning, world. Thanking God for waking me up today.
What are your heckler plans? Why am I asking? <.< No reason...
And a special thx to all the staff and volunteers that helped donate sweat and time 2 make this a grt event!
Potter allocated -16 coins in Mario Party, yes you read that correctly, NEGATIVE 16!
getting ready to lead a training for my fantastic marketing team! Looking forward to seeing everyone!
Twitter Wuz Good
=) thank u!!!! I will tweet this now. =) GREAT JOB love it!!!
CoreLogic: Housing and Economy Looking Up; Judicial Foreclosures a Hurdle
Damn that tomasos hit the spot.
runners on 2nd and 3rd with no outs and the #Brewers get no runs...
NUMB! LEGGGGGO!! MAN.
Got lost for the first time...better get used to that! :)
aww what did he say?
Come enjoy our famous Chicken Fettuccine: Chicken sauteed with onions in a roasted red pepper sauce tossed with spaghetti.
Wait till yall see my summer swagg niggas really gon hate me
Tyler, the creator >>>
Wheels up in less than 12 hours! Look out Britain - America's favorite Pirate Cheesehead is on her way!
will do thanks!
A metallic pen! (I think lol)
tweet tweet :)
Appreciate the RT Thanks!
In the "UM community" line for commencement tix. Long morning so far, and easily the longest line I've ever seen at UM for anything.
Happy Birthday.!!!!!
If I won $650,000,000 then I would buy 650,000,000 lottery tickets so I would then win $1,300,000,000 then repeat yea that's it
Tomorrow! Redamte Benefit w/ Juneau, Fighting Aurora, Here for the Moment at The Loft!
We are proud to be working with a Charlotte-based e-payment company, VPCard. More details to come!
I'm so excited to see my nephew.
Lebron returns to Cleveland tonight....What's your take on the game tonight?
Time will see us realign, diamonds rain across the sky, shower me into the same realm.
no for realsies, i'm totally in lol.
Today's Feature: Tempura Fried Chicken Club w/ bacon, L,T,O & smoked garlic aioli Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash or Thai Watermelon
Visiting the US Space & Rocket Center on President's Day.
you are so lucky man!
is up! (: I love my RLE boys. #friendsmakesecrets See what I did there? (;
congrats sir!
Work till 10 and Trig test tomorrow are not a good mix
I don't believe that!
Totally agreed. Really a drag.
Was freaking out a little at Lowes when my bank card was declined. Thank God they were wrong. I haven't been spending that much money!
Antawn Jamison now sidelined at least 5 weeks.....this season has been bad, but everyone forgets the team hasn't been healthy all year.
Come Check out Starboy Studios Here in Miami Gardens BOOK NOW!!!! 305 627 3216
You GO Robert! You are the BEST! I love
Being interrogated
Didn't remember Kane County being a #Royals affiliate, so I looked it up. Cougars joined KC farm system in 2011. This is 4th MLB affilliate
good idea! ill pass that idea along to the kicken!
Hi Sarah Did you get the links for the outreach projects OK?
Is my real cousin
Miami is not in Arizona.
Day 2 at sea, we have arrived at our test sites and scientists are conducting various experiments to understand the effects of the bp spill.
In the dr whit. Baby
Hey, Chrome: The “Aw, Snap!” message that appears after I have to kill a page is heinous.
in your terms murdering infants in their sleep has been a dandy negotiating tactic - huh? You
hi im in love with you and if your setting up a meet n greet in nyc i cn talk to planet hollywood for you if you want? dm me
boat was last night. Was big hit. Really amazing weather which made it better. Warm (70's) with gentle breeze. Awesome
"Eloquence is a painting of the thoughts." - Blaise Pascal
awesome! Thank you :D
"Html Validator is not available for MacOSX." :(
JP + RT...living, breathing youngest children.
Q2 Introduce them to the different kinds of librarians - PL, medical, etc. Maybe show them the Librarian Wardrobe Tumblr?
Haven't you figured out that I think that every available FA would be a good fit for the Pats?
Congrats to you and on the Edward R Murrow awards. Great honor for deserving folks.
I'm super excited for tonight and tomorrow.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. -E. Nightingale
Bigger suitcase please??
btw, how are the lines at the Apple Store? I wanna go get one later today but a little scared. ;)
The country is embroiled in a fight for the promotion of what is known as “healthy” eating. But what is healthy eating?
Fredi said no and the #braves get out to a 2-0 lead in the first.
A big #followfriday to She's new to twitter, very smart, and lots of fun. Let's make her feel welcome!
I wanna day drink..is that a problem?
GAME DAY EVE FOR #UTSA. WE MISSED YOU!
All hail for his #DevLearn curation magic.
oh my god!! Really!!! I can't wait to see it!!! :D so excited!!
Last night at The Players Theater. The show is about to start!!!
yea of course :)
thanks for the inclusion!
Good win #SFGiants ...Now lets keep the W's coming!!!!
I play saxophone. #whatcanyoudo? Trend it!
I'm a leg man, myself [takes facemask off to reveal giant leg protruding from neck]
#Jetlag=the worst. Extremely lazy and craving #BulldogBurger in the worst way. please hurry home so we can get our grub on!
FOLLOW MEH PLEASE??
has heard NE Patriots are considering bringing back Randy Moss if they lose against NY Jets! Not good news for
RT : The Total Economic Impact of Microsoft Office 365: As with any critical business decision, organizati......
I have seriously spent my entire day buried in
Hitting steam room to get mind right then heading to Harrahs to play event 1.
My 4,300 tweet goes to all my friends, and I don't know what I would do without you guys!
The new flavor of peace tea >>>
: "use the lightening presentation format to give the students the info in the 5 min format"
Should we start the campaign now? Variety full page ad - For Your Consideration to Host
I hope & have fun at their senior prom tonight! I better get a picture...
of course not. #havefun (:
Get #FollowMeConnorFranta to trend! Come on!
Did you hear Jeff Collins this morning- Who is planning on coming in and asking Donna and Amanda to do what he said? Can't make it-...
how is business?
will your music be released in America too..? Please :)
Even the babies rockin
HEY IM WRITING OUR SONG YOU SHOULD AT LEAST LIKE ME FOR THAT. even though i have to because its for school.
Want more information about social media management and how it can help your small business? Consultations Available! Contact
Chubby girl wants. Now.
JTP is about to blow alot of minds! So much Talent, Amazing Songs and Amazing team!!! JTP!!! Singles Coming Outta Everywhere Soon!! JO-WAYNE
Want to Improve Your City? There’s an App for That -
I'm addicted to fitness incentive. I'm depressed that I can't go today.
Great first day of Virginia Elite AAU basketball workouts yesterday. New and Old faces appeared on the court, looking forward to next Sat!
Girls wit naked avatar pics prolly look like #precious in real life
Thnx for all your messages and support really im so proud of what we've all done !!
Your lifecoach told me you should check out Vitality asap! Let me know if u're interested. www.vitalityoverview.com
GUITAR HERO IS SO
If you are interested in writing, craft, and publishing, you really have to follow
I saw a few several out here. I'm going to try and visit one.
feels good don't it? My ass is in Cali this Tuesday to the 31st. Oh yeah ! Then u of I till school starts.
Staying on-line tonight to help students polish up their research papers via our Ning site. Do others do this with/for their students?
my phone wouldn't turn on! Hello Mercury retrograde-technology snafus, delayed travel, car problems, confused communications. Ends Dec. 13th
Aww...I assumed you two would be working on a joint production. Still good though
Club world is a disgrace to be calle business class, even Turkish airlines do a better job, BA, too expensive for second rate service.
Funniest part of post-season interviews was someone asking him if he feels he's become too much of a bully.
I feel like a 78 year old grandma for being tired already.
im jus confused
To all that are in the storms path please be safe!
Teams are well aware of Dempster's skills, the W isn't necessary for trade value.
School school school
Grilled cheese! RT : Haha that's super funny!
STRANGER DANGER
Boycott Happiness is Pets pet store. They sell puppies from puppy mills that have distemper.
It occurred to me as things are slowing down that its always much better when your around
Good info here. Thanks for the follow.
Starting this Thursday, be sure to stop by Champions Pub Milwaukee and donate a non perishable food item! Thanks for your support!
It would be nice if, for once, my co-workers would let me know when there is large equipment problem.
Cherish every single moment for its unique offerings Kell. The good news is, they turn into cool adults.
You have a monkey? I have always wanted a golden or emperor Tamarin. I undertsand they need a lot of attention though.
is a horn dawggg
rule#1 of vintage shopping: never put it down.
is pretty cool. Survey/review system for builders/contractors/etc.
I think everything is alright now....hopefully :/
it does not take away my bitterness!
Belly button rings take awhille to heal smh ...
I'm happy Raul got a HR to kick off his season. I'm even happier to see Rivera be 0-1 for saves so far.
Chicken Quasadillas in the oven :)
Great seeing all my Zeta Chapter brothers last night. Y'all are all still crazy.
Here comes Kevin Gregg... there's hope still in Boston.
hello stranger
We're all in this together.
My body is a cage that keeps me from dancing with the one I love. My mind holds the key
up early for a little 5:30am yoga *yawn* but we know we'll feel amazing after!
Congrats! #jhudc it never rains in CA ;) now go hit up La Jolla for me!
Its great to just be alive I'll thank god everyday for that it's like everyday is beautiful when I'm thinking about you
Better to be independent and healthy than to settle for someone just because of some perceived age milestone.
Thank you for following Brain-iac! LOL cb
Gratitude is the open door to abundance. - Yogi Bhajan
you there for AM or PM??
I love when good music blows my mind.
worst television coverage in the history of the final four in these last 3 seconds
Hey, thanks for following!
Congrats buddy. Where at? You around glenview tonight?
no don't delete
You know you're in biking withdrawal when you accidentally choose biking directions in Google Maps and your heart sinks.
#FEDUP Guys, get congress 2 CUT UNNECESSARY CORP WELFARE & debt ceiling NOT need to be raised NEARLY AS MUCH! That's 30-40+ BILLION/year
Live streaming NTEN's conference in the Nonprofit Center!
of course. :)
hahaha damn these spammers on twitter are gettin lazier and lazier! "new porno online!"
Getting ready for bed :) have biology ECA test tomorrow ! :p
Omg the closed the fence right behind me 0.0
I'm ready to go back to Florida. Something about being by the ocean gets me!
Put your paws up!
Break legs!! RT : Catch me in tonights show of tour in chi-town.
Lonnie who? JACK MANNAHAN! What a diving stop, and a beautiful throw as well!
"I can't wait to meet him in heaven." - in reference to Morgan Freeman
the only thing I can see in my rearview mirror is me, hahaha.
the NBA games are flawless. The online is not. Unlinke madden for years it has been hard to connect to other gamers.
I don't follow you, and you don't follow me but your taste in music is perfection.
got #singleladyproblems ? Come check out our show for free! Allthesingleladiesshow.eventbrite.com
How disappointing. So those bat wings were just a sham? RT The Demon does not do bats. Flying rats. Disgusting.
well, one of many reasons.
Thank you! And thanks for your support!!!RT“: Congrats on an amazing show Pride!! You all were fabulous!!”
: That sounds AWESOME--as in "inspiring awe".
#FF to our musicians! and - thanks everyone!!
I wouldn't call it cheating, just using the tools at hand. That's how I got my current icon. But still looking for better.
Mike + Molly are here. Most underrated show in the air.
Our team just won first place #SWMadison ... Absolutely crazy to be part of such a wicked smart group of people this weekend.
Children with ADD have been found to have better focus & concentration when they are allowed to play outdoors in green spaces
Your source for unfinished Brazilian Cherry, Tigerwood & Brazilian Teak.
Watching My wife and kids!
#IfYouWereSmart you'd follow ;)
And you? How is everything? How was the multilingual reading?
yayyy! Can't wait to see u in 3 days OMG :))
You must have had some Starbucks coffee this morning.
BRING IN A TANK! I'LL SELL THE FUCKIN THING!!! RT : "Let's talk about selling cars, Paul."
Oh yes.
Jon Lester will start Opening Day for Boston. Josh Beckett will start home-opener at Fenway Park.
What are you doing up so early mayn?
I just spent a wonderful morning and afternoon learning Thai home cooking with culinary genius #Su-Mei Yu.
Thanks for the follow - glad to know you!
Clones are people two.
Another class with a hashtag! For all #pq499 followers, time to jump on the #jour462 bandwagon for comm. law related tweets!
RT great service tnight w a high-maintenance crew! best server is Rose, who knows my beer &has the cutest ears:)
im Never on this btw :)
lol next time we in it boo, when I get my promotion it's crackin!
The only benefit to running a "clean" campaign is to win that small segment of persuadable indy voters. You will never (1/2)
I think I swallowed some plastic .. oops
i feel like this bad qirls season was honestly really short .
No one ever walks amok. They always run. Always.
I was too until I OD'd on them haha oh well can never have enough garlic in my book!
good plate approach by Rupp on 3-1 count. "look for a fastball up in the zone". he got it and parked it.
ok crap! didn't realize that was part of deal! :)
any chance Sinatras food came in?
It's so nice out.
go Giants!!!!
Thank you sweet (:
As a parent, block out 15 minutes a day to play one-on-one with your child — doing anything he or she wants.
How do you like it?
On my channel..."TELL CREAM" CREAM/QUEENZ FINEST ON YOU TUBE...NAME creamzdtruufcheekz
hi nisha, how are you?
Thanks sweet lady!
yes i love cincinnati reds baseball
4 mile walk with , brunch at grill, then laundry, job hunting and errands...
no it doesn't!!! Lol I love it here :)
Today:1. List every digital project that needs to be done and prioritize. 2. Break into stages, budget time, ID benchmarks. 3. Weep softly.
I'm going to come and visit you tomorrow at the pool
At the bestfriends dance recital<3
SB45 Biz Lesson # 30: Celebrate your wins!
GLUTEUS TO THE MAXIMUS RT : LEGGINGS THAT HAVE LEG MUSCLES ON THEM. LIKE, ANATOMICALLY CORRECT.
bet $1,000,000 on it! i got ca$h in hand! PORTLANDS COMING OUT OF THE WEST!
does it involve girls kissing girls in parking lots?
Thers something seriously wrong with a society that only watches animated or comic book character movies. Thats what video games do to brain
Thank you so much for the compliment follow me on ,let's keep in touch!
One Direction on SNL!!! YaaY!! :-D
it is very stinky. No doubt about that.
Breakin bitches off
Out of the other 24 artist at the show we got another show n its on 4th July. That has to say sumthin. Idk
So proud of the + friends team working on at
NIkon D7000, no better deal on the market right now for a mid level SLR. Nikon D90 ain't bad either
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam: I looked into the soul of another boy.
James harden
It must be new biz Wednesday at Inc. A new client signed and two requests for proposals in one day!
I wanna talk two my man toniqht.! But idk
They are: Greg Frewin, Carl Cloutier, Juliana Chen, and Shawn Farquhar...who trecentled fooled Penn and Teller on British TV. (next tweet)
Drinks at Saddle Ranch with the best!
I'm obviously too pretty for you.
Mickelson looking good early. -1 after 2 holes. Lefty on the move.
You're very welcome. We're here to serve! RT : thanks for the quick and informative response guys!
Obama to Business: "Ask what you can do to bring jobs back to your country. And your country will do everything it can to help you succeed."
Happy Birthday to my little sister Veronica Brown!!!! I LOVE YOU!
Its over we got j.r smith on the knicks that=2012 nba champions im so hype right now
Did we unfollow each other by an accident or was it a Twitter glitch? I see that you blocked me. Hmm. Any reason?
-____- he better go, so I can kick his ass.
Insisting on who is behind the keyboard is a woefully limited line of inquiry about Anonymous as a social and cultural force.
i just pulled up the video feed of the game, and hey, we tied it up. way to go boys.
lets stop the bs and get it poppin.
With b and sheek...they crazy...lol
and when i'm famous you'll be like yeahh i uh..knew her ahahahahah
Arrested or cited?
I want to go back to the days when Devon Sawa and JTT were the teenage heart throbs.
ok thank you!
$$$BRGO LOOKING TO BOUNCE, RSI WAY OVERSOLD, 12M FLOAT!!!!
Who's excited about the #HeatWave coming this week!!
I watched all Pirates games, but they were bad for other reasons. They seem to miss really key moments during these hockey games
we will! I promise we're working it! We'll be doing more online chats/acoustic performances on our Ustream, too!
We found several unfinished rough mix recordings of songs we never released. Can't wait to share them...if we can polish them up a bit.
so did you hit back?
haha i know!
maybe we need 2 co-write a blog/article abt it?
"Social Problems" with Roby this summer = fun-filled, learning adventure in critical thinking!
he's incredible, he's sexy, he's gorgeous, he's hot, he's he's talented, he's cutem he's seventeen, he's justin bieber ~ Pyper
RT : Content marketing needs to evoke emotion ora take away value. "don't be so vanilla" love that
Calling it an early night! Resting up and spending time with the hubby! Goodnight friends! Enjoy your evening! Sweet Dreams!
yeah it's that kinda night>
"We needa talk.."
now just cruise into happy hour! :)
Where'd you order them from?
thank you so much!! <3
I went to this game at northside
Feedback 4rm the team said the PG spot played really good. But I'm never satisfied with that position. We have a lot 2 work on @ that spot.
only 40% R reported in US, then only 6% of rapist ever serve a day in jail. THIS IS MORE OUTRAGEOUS THAN NEW TSA STANDARDS
I agree. If I see them in a register, I'll ask for them. At gun point.
Easter for Italians is almost like Thanksgiving with the amount of food provided already And it's tomorrow!
Imma tell u what that Stoudemire guy...wow! Can u say BIG!!!
It looks so blurry on here its so crisp on my computer! :P
no truer words...
Awesome man I'll keep an eye open. I'll check it out wherever you guys play.
I think mobile is first -
Posted up at a local downtown spot in between running around. Doing a little research as well.
Dear Trader Joe's - please open up a grocery store near my house.
possibly. What does it need to include? Lol
I'm jefa at Monopoly
. Hate that you're havin a beverage right now watching A-Rod homer, & I'm at work chasing clients. This is NOT consistent w/
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third
Our #caregivers are all #HireSafe accredited which means their backgrounds have been thoroughly checked
so true
I'd like to think at least things can't get any worse.
I always say indeed. I'm proud of myself. It makes you sound smart. I look like a teacher with glasses O.o
A pastoral Saturday - how lovely!
you're writting the next brief...
Isn't it crazy the things we say we will never do , we end up doing?
sorry Nate nothing compares to tootsie rolls
"So, Green Lantern is in the Avengers, right?" - An adult in the toy aisle at Target, as overheard by yesterday.
That looks amazing!
Who wants limited edition "16-Love" Lindsey Shaw swag?
Sending out info to session leaders re slide submission later this week. Will post any resources we receive to the session pages!
walking my shift. passing a coffee shop, a flower shop, a hot dog stand, all on the infield.
yes! ive just watched it
Open windows. Warm breeze. Perfect Sunday.
Well duh, thick girls always have plump pussies..."-Rube Sheeber
I need to finish my hair when I get back
how good did I look yesterday going to class?
I think Jake Rogers, the kicker for Cincy hates me though we've never met. a 13 yd punt and a missed fg in the 1st? or maybe he just sucks.
SUPER CUTE AND FAST. I'M IN. #MINIbesttestdrive For you Larisa! :)
love it!!! Lol
Congratulations to DjokerNole....great job this time,srry Fed messed up your French Open.
Can't wait to come back and see you Aai Aai
"Internet liberal" like "armchair quarterback"? (I used "armchair psychologist" other day but they actually do sit in chairs.)
....lol i would have to show you in person..
"Stop dreaming and strategize" -
lmao I see u still sexy as hell
is #winning at the
coach, we need you to cheer harder for the
before i had 64 followers now i have 79 i love u all so much even the ones who didnt follow me i love all
how is the 'night before opening day' dinner going? :)
Its a pretty simple design. A hose with a release valve attached to a small air compressor. Glad you liked the sneak peek! -JO
oh, I HEART the zombie engagement photos!!
Steve I'v adopted Soc Media in Bus. Please send desk copy to C Wankel, Mgt, St John's U, 8000 Utopia, Jamaica NY 11439 USA
Correct answer! Have fun in ATX!
Just ate leftover Ethiopian food and cried. I'm a spice wimp. I blame my parents.
figure out wat outcome u wont before u do something .. Its always only 2
let me know how that goes at Mac.. Wtf did u do anyway?
Hard to sneak a piece of cheese by a hungry rat
Is their a more clutch player in any sport than Kobe Bryant? Name one.
Yea, it's messy - but so worth it!
Good morning to two awesome chaps -- Raised cups to you both <__>3
Tgif!!! Happy Friday everyone!
hold up cuz...I a tell u Tuesday
Need my car asap!
The phantom of the opera is there ♫ ... woooooh Stepinac, you are GOOD. I'd watch it a third time... too bad it's over :-(
We're accepting advertising proposals to put your ad on our apps! Lmk if interested! Thanks
eh... I would much rather be back in the Chi. Are you going to be in Detroit next year?
hell no lol..only way that would happen is if its with my husband
Need a little live music in your life? Jeff Campbell, and Keith Moody will be here Tuesday May 8 for a night of live music. May 8 $5
RT : Hell yeah!!
Discover Yahoo! With Your Friends - Yahoo! Sports (blog)
What is a cynic? A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing. ~ Oscar Wilde
Haven't used it myself, but WordPress is all the rage right now. It's more than a blog site; you can build websites w/it too.
whatchu said you pregnant??? It ain't mine
so many answers...but what is the question?
meet That's where I got my awesome bag (and plan to get more - sorry I'm slow, Austin!).
Wrapping up #MothersDay with a massage and a martini.
there's one on etsy, but my district apparently BLOCKS etsy, so I couldn't look at it...
and 4 days😏
Your shits getting old.
I'm not smart, i'm just not an idiot.
Life is a fresh cup of coffee and a 3rd Series Arden
Print subscribers to the Sunday Times, don't miss the final page of the Book Review today! The bookshop door glamour shot is fantastic.
i swear. i have some of the weirdest stuff ever.. haha. my armpit keeps twitching!!
Oh your doing laps across my head this morning really complimented my 2 hours of sleep. No idea how parents manage kids. None
you fucking better!!!
Velez gets thrown out at home? He looked safe to me
Happy March Madness! Be on the lookout for our bracket contest as soon as the Sweet 16 is here.
Happy Birthday
Cah-lee-for-neeah escucha estamos en la lucha. But it's not what you think. Hispanics r getting duped by the Dems.
To be honest, I did - you rock RaRa! :-)
yes email
Signs, signs, everywhere there r signs... Belmark homes, Attic Secrets on 76th!
Ha! I love it. That's HUGE!
SO DID I. & I don't even wear them anyways. HAY, that might be why I still have then. DUR MACKENZIE. 
Astronomical I’m phenomenal Money doing flips, I’m talking summersaults
#LastTimeIChecked it was friday & im free to do whatever 
:D you rock
2 years at Adobe/Day Software though 7+ years on the CQ platform [not like i know much] #work Yippie to me!
Cards should see if Schumaker can throw like a pitcher? He sure bats like one.
No-the last time I went there was to use the parking lot for the
Just read ANOTHER authoritative sounding "social media consultant" babbling away about keeping Tweets to under 140 WORDS.;-)
I can honestly notice a difference from last week though:)
Just getting better and better
Seriously what is up with this "nerd" look guys rock ... Why would u ever rock vans over Js? Fuckkn la gear light ups are better.
I think ima go to this Northeast Grautuation later. Idk
This is it...the good Doctor's final hour approaches. Wednesday 8:30pm - we will do our best not to turn anyone away.
That's cuz u the female deer doe RT ": I love my boys doe!"
"…this race has degenerated into an onslaught of negative and personal attacks not worthy of the American people." - John Huntsman.
Dude... that ain't nuthin'... Imagine if he'd asked on venue w/ less than 160 characters to respond in!!!
Officially completed my first year of college and I get to spend time with and <3333
and EJ must be on our timeline!
Hi :) My mom made homemade chilli last night and we had it tonight for dinner. :)
Please forward this on FB, Twitter and email to everyone you know. I will be in contact
Days 25 & 26 of #missingmilwaukee go to my fellow Postdoctoral Fellow I'm so glad we did this thing together.
I can handle most weather, but this curly hair of mine loathes rain. Be gone, devil weather!!!
At in and out burger with
Ooh buying fresh tortillas from the factory.
at simmons? Yes. They've never graduated a dude.
Heeyyy twitter!!(: Tweet me?(:
I miss you #Whitney 😒
Insanity: a perfectly rational adjustment to an insane world
aw *tear*
The blanket lady was at work today and had like three transactions!!! :(
Sometimes you gotta live mas
they are hiding something this story doesn't make sense.
that will affect him throughout his life. Seems a little strange for a parent to willingly inflect that on their child
follow, back
Stadium bill gets out of Taxes Committee without recommendation on a 7-6 vote, to Senate floor
Most definitely! I'll wrangle up some of the rickshaw drivers too!
From more than 200 brothers of the Eta Lambda Chapter, we wish all of our friends and supporters a very Happy Thanksgiving!
deviant dales India pale ale now pouring.
Note to self: Even if I think my phone's camera is in the right direction, it's not.
Limbaugh - the guy who can't get laid so he gets drunk and calls all the girls who won't sleep with him fat
Kamaki needs to stop looking at us... Why does it matter when girls tweet... Thats just what we do !
When the Guy you are texts you back quickly could be a sign he is in to you
High school football season is almost here! I can't believe my brother is a senior!
,Good morning my friend, I just had my second surgery and recovering very well
#FF Tweets I actually read (theme?):
Judah train inbound is packed
I miss you ;) x
Thanks for the shout out, ! And congrats on a fine argument in front of US Supreme Court last week!
good idea
This post needs to be everywhere in can be posted! Thank you!
2 spots left! RT : Just signed up for storytelling classes Your Twitter feed is about to get a whole lot sexier.
#iReallyHateWhen people can't #StopBraggingAbout how good Fred West tuna is!
Lifehack: A tool or technique that makes some aspect of one's life easier or more efficient. Do you have any?
its wat we needed so im not mad...coulda got somebody better...
LOL i kno nigga. Where there is Z, there is always pics n video
Send the question to the man with the plan they just put out additional info re-jobs in April
Don't under tip a waiter just because the food is bad, he didn't cook it.
Your welcome
There was talk a year or so ago—maybe on fedora-dev—of storing repo data in HDFS. They’re probably using Hadoop, too.
Big things are coming... we can feel it.
What is the speed of dark?
I would just like to mention my party up all night sister went to bed at 8:30pm tonight.
I hope so. Never can tell though. And yes, you go have cupcakes.
Any parking tips on driving into Downtown CLE Thurs morning for the Tribe game?
Right on Time by Maze is like a therapy session. Love it.
White girls get pregnant and get their own season of 16 and Pregnant but when Black girls get pregnant they get 30 minutes of Maury."
Where exactly does Kloppenburg think she's going to find 7,000 votes? A MS Access database in Madison? Get real.
No man in his right mind would touch Duke or UNC after Williams or Coach K. Top-5 coaches? Yes. Jobs? Absolutely not.
I can eat whatever I want, whenever I want... There's nothing like a home cooked meal. :(
Gonna Rock Tomorrow
This sh*t blasted off to 2011 HA HA! Rocca Bar let's go!
Sitting in my new club house my bros and I made. It's looking legit.
Dark Magic.
Apparel Magazine just selected us as one of the “Top 40 Innovators” in the industry! Keep an eye out for a profile on us in their May issue.
When Chalmers gt more points then Wade and Lebron Combined ..... you know this is some bullshit!
lay your heart down, the end's in sight; conscience begs you to do what's right
appreciate you coming 2 campus to support students/entrepreneurs. Thx!
All of NY's wearing their sportscolored sportsclothes for the big sportsparade.
Previous longest bike ride - roundtrip Edmonds, Burnaby to UBC 34 miles. Today Sheridan Beach to Redmond back to Cap hill 37 miles. New PR!
Never mind.
U WANNA RUMBLE WIT DA B# HUH!
No problem, voodoo app? Too funny and I agree lol And thank you for doing the same! ;) Thanks for the advice, I didn't forget-
I find surbaban libraries more relaxing than city ones. Last time I was at a downtown library, I was hit on by a young man with no teeth.
My 3-week break from coffee started this morning. And now the detox: lack of caffeine headache has set in. Ugh.
Clearly working to support my yarn habit. But the fiber festival was fun...
Look for Terri's Tuesday Tweets with Transform 2012 Conference Discounts
Weekend starts in about 9 hours! Dinner, Brewers Game & Being taken care of :)
We are based in San Francisco, but the website we hope to grow into a global community! Please join to be first in Cleveland!
It's 60 degrees out and I just saw a man bundled up in a winter coat. AreColoradans are getting weak??
A blind squirrel found a nut!
fantastic. We were taking about you tonight ahah. That works b. I have a research paper due Monday that I gotta work on toolol
Nothing ass me
So tired. Why am I not in bed yet? "Silly old fart, late nights are for kids."
can't wait!
doing State Testing at school today...didn't know the answer. I turned in to a #Gladiator & kicked sum butt...thanks
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.
Are you - or anyone else - interested in a pre-beer beer at 12th Street?
Today, we meet with our first angel investor. Excitement, anxiety, optimism, (and some confidence) hold on more to come.
The situation is at pace doing a comedy club, let's hope he wasn't as bad as he was at the roast
I just wanna wake up and watch sat morning cartoons!!!
follow back
We forgot to tweet during our #24HourPlayFest b/c we were so busy, but had an unforgettable time with friends old and new alike!
did you pick the lump sum?
A ton of my brothers friends from Prep are like, adding me on Facebook now....Okay then either Bailey or Zach talk about me ...
Pam: "Everyone sits on a chair, every day. But not everyone..." Michael: "sits on the copier!"
#OHYOUDIDNTKNOW you could use for #free conference calling? Now you do!
Wishing the mighty blue & white all the best today when we take on FAMU
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Hard to Kill..
Thanks for the great mention of blpdx ~ and all you do. Say HI to Erik from everyone at the Blossoming Lotus Portland!
Haters = people who secretly wish to be YOU.
Project Runway!! :)
it's only a matter of time before karma gets you
Hi! I forwarded your tweet to our Services team.
dude shit up your beautiful (:
April Fools Day is so annoying. So glad its' the 2nd and amateur hour is over.
it was nice talking to you guys! :D Have a good day :)
Sad to hear about ted kennedy
Mexico c:
Wow! Nice work.
Crams suck>:/
If you disagree with my opinion that your opinion makes you a douche bag, then I don't know what to tell you. Have a good one
I can't wait to hear the crowd bo Shelly when she walks out the door
no way, that's too funny.
I'll have to revisit it. I haven't upgraded to Live 8, so I'm sure there are tons of new things to play with :)
on #Leadership - Thanking Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder for his service in defense of the free speech that fouled the air of his internment.
He and I are going to meet at Mickie's for breakfast so I can brief him on how to deal with Justin.
right?? His last one was like in october....
cute and talented >>>>>>
literally just threw up all over my phone
Wakin up, lots to get done today!!!!
Hey tweepeople, I need some followers, you follow I'll follow. Come on join the party
Borg is a total buffoon. I hope he fades away soon.
I know it would just prove his point.. r u going sept 7th?
and justice will set a mark^ upon Cain, lest any finding him might kill him.
I see my fated stars in your eyes. They melt me like the sun does snow
seriously, who cares that it's a monday! Hearing your voice makes the mondays go away :)
The creator of "Ziggy" passed away yesterday. Ziggy always saw the joy in the mundane, and never wore pants.
I have an idea for ur vlog! Make a vlog about all your favorite things! Like your favorite food, tv show, songs, color, etc.
Coming up on 15th anniversary of US arbitrary detention of immigrants. Be part of Detention Watch Network.
2 more classes then spring break
Welcome to Twitter. You should follow and
Secret Stall Tues #Baltimore 50% off if u park in lucky stall! Final Hint:It's either stall 5,7,9 Try our new Blazin BBQ Burger
No kidding, right lol
Happy Monday. How was the weekend? It's 64 degrees in the city with beautiful sunshine. What a wonderful day to be on this side of the bay!
I am so pleased to have such a diverse group of followers. Parents, advocates, professionals, students, people who are secretly HoH, Deaf ..
Not liking this wind at all!!! Allergies!
Do you go to #NewPal? If so, can you be here by like 6:15pm?
#ChicagoSoupCompany - On the Table Fresh and Hot - Why cook tonite when you can order soup from the best! Order Now!
#NOWFOLLOWING TaylorGanG Creator of Thee Bo$$et Movement Loyalty over Riches..Business over B*tches & GOD above ALL
My newest nephew was just born. They want me to come to the hospital to see him right away. Must not be a keeper...
when are you starting your church?
nice, congrats.
That's why you're our girl!! “: Tequila. It's what's for breakfast.”
Instead of looking for inspiration in other peoples quotes...look inside your heart maybe you'll find some inspiration of your own!
"you may say I lost everything, but I still had my bedazzler" - Marry the Night
When I yell the bar is closed and its time to go, you go; not stay at the bar to order more shots or continue to stand around. Idiots...
Hope everyone catches tons of beads at the parades today!
If you're coming to Cheers to Belgian Beers & bring a clean washcloth or small towel to me I'll give you a free bumper sticker.
Looking forward to returning to the City of the Angels.
I was actually listening to them yesterday. That's a fun show.
thank you for the follow, let us know if NorthStar can be of service to you and for your clients.
:( whats wrong? Sorry I never replied. I just remembered. I work Friday. Maybe afterwards?
Anyone familiar with Wordpress know how to order posts with latest first? Still learning my way around. I finally have a name for my blog.
Finally made a Twitter Account
Did you know that viewing child porn on the internet is allowed in New York, as in it is "not illegal"?
y'alls models looked amazing! I'm glad it is over too!!!
Kim Day (Coalition to End Child Abuse) speaks: US has highest number of #ChildAbuse fatalities in industrialized world.
pretty please trend #chriscorradinoislegit for Chris
Scientific Proof That Superheroes Exist (On Foursquare)
'American Idol' Continues Downward Ratings Trend
No fresh baked cookies over here, unfortunately. :-(
yeah my mom isn't very happy. So what's up?
If you missed it announced it will go two consecutive weekends again in 2013, starting April 12-14.
and now it is time for an instagram extendo. tah ah ah ah
RT thanks!! I LOVE that song! It knocks so hard!!!!! <- Um that's not my name, lmao..
sent that email with info on the back side cover art for the cds Im doin for contributors to the #2FaithfulRedSide project!
i'm probably gonna be you for halloween(: i love you so much! Xoxo
panel made me think of LBJ quote "We have lost the South for a generation" re: expected backlash against Dem for Civil Rights
Tonight at ALTAR BAR we are playing with Sabaton! Doors open at 6, come early and hangout with us!
Welcome back to those who may be returning from a holiday break, have a great #Monday!
The guy that works at t-mobile is cute.
Such a great idea! Chicken Butt looks so happy!
2 tests done 4 more to go! >.<
i think this sounds like a perfect idea. let's pick a date! p.s. are any of you going to the reunion?
thanks, u2
Don't forget to tell ur friends about Blush Formals! :-)
Emancipate yourselves from mental salvery,None but ourselves can free our minds-Bob Marley
So, how was your Black Friday?
I wanna follow your mom :o
awesome! Glad you're having a great time!
Motorhead would have vicious kicks
Considerin they only won 2NBA Titles & NONE in almost 40 years,are the NYK 1 of the most overrated franchises in sports history?
