not for u
If you have been dying to work for me and just never had the chance, well here ya go.
Ditto to all of that! RT : I LOVE IT!! #GoRebels #LetsRun #thankgodforgarlicfries &
Jlo is still famous? Good god...
Good luck! I am writing two DOE grants this week, too. Can't wait until the deadline!
If you are wondering what Rad Bandz are, they are the next big thing from the creator of Silly Bandz. Check back here often for new info
expo tonight at the BCA, held by Stock up on all your baby needs :)
hey thanks for the follow man. Did you see we uploaded videos to our YouTube. Our harbor haunt show
what an incredible day to be out & about!! make jane one of your first stops for all things summer clothing on this awesome day!! xo
Recording drums for a new tune!
RT : The good news is I just ate a jellybean I found on the ground of our apartment. The bad news is it was a tiny ball of Pla…
would love to have on on tomorrow to talk about your piece on Romney.
so so so much respect for after the scale inciddent
Called the # but the guy who answered told me it was just for tech support. No sales. :-( So I sent an email to the sales folks.
Yeah....I am not sure it could have gone much better. Fun week!
omgg! Your so pretty!
Also, I just finished the last season of The Sopranos for the first time. Phenomenal stuff. Not Wire status, but still great.
Who seeks shall find.
Wait. So... Jason Biggs isn't Jewish?
Thanks! The menu sounds delicious. Have fun!
weights and speed
Pesticide free & sustainably farmed vineyards using biodynamic & organic methods is a must.Take pride in what you drink!
you're welcome. August sounds like a plan to me, Eric! Excited to connect again!
This is relaxation. Port, newspaper and great discussion about the #world and art.
Recently found in Reference Universe: Thomas Jefferson as Watermelon Gardener, in the Encyclopedia of Food and Culture
me too!
Back to my favorite past time. Hating on people in Fondren Library.
Got an ice cream cake just because I can. Awww yeah it's #jerzday!
Whats up everyone? I see the S/O's love my fans!
... and many more! Thank you for introducing Userlytics' new White Label version!
UK confident on bank reform despite EU row
I think you're averaging 20 words s day :)
's Celebrity Couples Therapy? Really? Really?
How fun. Beautiful day for it. Our school doesn't seem to do many field trips at all past kindergarten. :(
you better check your PO box before you move to miami! (;
The Avengers featuring Ralph Fiennes as Captain America and Uma Thurman as Black Widow.
I'm road-tripping down in a month or so. Maybe I can make some good cash re-selling Hubig's...?
Republicans do what they do best to slow economy down to make potus and dems look bad.
Feeling this
That's right waffle buddies, the same house-made salted caramel goes right from our Stumptown lattes into your blood stream.
Nominees Announced for the 2012 MTV Movie Awards
What is done in the dark comes to light
It's the final day of #NADA2012! will speak & will present the keynote!
every Sunday night, when Im doing geology homework, i think about Monday that I have to spend 4 hours just looking at rocks......
it's absolutely not for me but what else am I supposed to do? I just feel stuck.
Cheshire you're loved loved one's cause u never know when they will be taken. R.I.P to my grandma and my son Nasir
Try the new S.O.W."the masterpiece": Bunzel's pepperoni, fresh mozzarella, baked and then topped with fresh oregano. You deserve it.
great day to be a #Laker fan!! yeeee
It's not only a matter of when to do things, but whether or not to do them at all.
It's Hard to Be Hatting With 21 hats !/:
ok so love and hip hop finale then ti and the bgc i need a laugh when this show come on lmao
Collin just finished producing a fun music video for over the weekend! Turned out great! Now on to post production.
last one in the office again :x
Cheney heart transplant could have been from a Progressive - the horror!
Dancing to pitbull with nick and his mom <3
"all day, all week. occupy, wall street.". -clergy at #FoleySquare #N17! shout out to GNYRL Rabbi Feinberg
Seeing the kids be so bright eyed & happy to take a few pictures was really touching ugh* Family is everything when you have a good one
"A few moments later, The BBC showed video of a man covered in what looked like the filling of a pie in the custody of a police officer."
It feels a heck of a lot better to be the last person on the earlier train than the first one on the next.
That's gorgeous. It's gray and rainy in Boston, but at least warm! (Uh, in the 50s, that is.)
I dont care if u was michael phelps my ni**a..one of the illest lines
hehe I thought about adding that :)
Jason & Luke tonight 💛
Rap name: Coochie Boy~
Report back. My 2nd was William Gibson. RT : I got David Foster Wallace. I'm going to try it again.
Monster block by Joel Anthony
Well, I still have a fever, my best friend had an ectopic pregnancy, & a friend of mine died. All in one day? Really?!
Everyone check out www.Hairysock.com A House collaborator with Jewelry on display in our next event, Dipsomania
Totally...classier and more impactful.
Did he? That's awesome!!
If I was spiteful I would burn his SnapBack lmao
I need to start looking for a summer job.
'Look at all these well-dressed well-hair cutted chaps.'
jinx on you punk. You owe a pepsi
Homework... Uhh can I just do it another day.. 😢
Here we go frogs!
you're the best!
AM Assoc of Museums: Large scale static exhibits that promote imagination is what kids (5-9) remember best yrs later.
when they won nationals and they went back to school... I was crying so much you would've thought my dog died
Monroe County Legislator, #ROC Firefighter and Haircut Artist, Willie Lightfoot is on discussing his the news on the Gold For Cash robbery.
That is fantastic. I love the "may be open to cricitism" part
sorry about that sweaty hug.
I HAVE to have this vacation soon! It's a month away too long.. I'm one pissy fuck.
Not impressed w/ this article, annoying. Gonna sleep for three hrs and finalize it. #nighttwitter :)
I'm talking about historical visualization at University of Maryland's MITH/HCIL Digital Dialogues Tues. at 12:30 if you're in the DC area.
My birthday is tomorrow. Wow it's going to suck.
Everyone has his day and some days last longer than others. ~ Winston Churchill
i am a bike thief
Heading down to DC today by train to meet with the First Lady Michele Obama!
OH MY FRICKING MOOSE EGGS. i cant get over how much i friggin love this song!! kjgbjhrtwgbjhrwtbghjwrtbghbt gahhh
Good Estate Planning helps you sleep easy at night. We make it easy and affordable for you! www.thompsonlegalfirm.com
Good morning Twitterverse! Take a minute today to check out Nine, Falls End, and Stage Fight. Good Stuff!!
R: Ben tweets a lot. I'm going to try to keep up. But that means I'll have to watch the Brewers, which doesn't seem like a lot of fun
My last rt petty as fuck
It is that silly picture of you and your girl at the club, I think it is on your fb too, with your zebra pants on! Lol
and i never will
yup I'm going!
AIN'T NOTHING WRONG WITH CRYING WEN U HURT JST DNT DROWN IN UR TEARS.
100 days till FL Primary. Grassroots candidates are in desperate need of help. Give 'em a hand and get incumbents voted out
Saw a tweet under an gig tweet. Brain conflated them and I was really excited for a second
I really enjoy your system. My recommendations are sincere.
David Wiley: Education is sharing.
The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
when you get old you'll understand.;)
that does not surprise me at all. The whole "pink hat" thing was created for you, after all.
you got an iPhone????? Your parents love you.
all I want right now is to have a cute boy to cuddle with in bed while we listen to this thunderstorm. #AGirlCanDream. 😔☁
Beth Kelly Rules the School!! Thanks so much for your donation and your support!!
Playing a $150 re-entry at Nicks Shark Tank 23K from 17K starting stack. Seeing a lot of lol bad live plays. Standard open is like 5x lol
#infoicouldveusedanhourago RT : Today's game has been postponed. Rescheduled info to follow shortly.
i think tuesday..and i know i want one so bad haha!
On the bus to West, sitting next to Paula Hane from Info Today! More later...
Wondering if I should have have another cup 'o joe...
“: Boys go after ladies for what they look like, Men go after ladies for who they are”
Job interview today ! Woohoo
oh really? ;)
Beth coined the word Breastaros to more accurately describe the kingdom in
No, but it does start with an m. It's also a secret.
got hit on by a dude at the Lez Zeppelin concert tonight
yea thats dope
I will NEVER EVER believe another word that comes out your mouth!!!
Dedicated Clevelander who hauled her butt to work this morning, despite closures left and right. Now as for the getting home later part...
um..who said you were going to do that??!!
_ yikes. it's time for a paradigm shift. let's get some classroom teachers and librarians into this discussion.
High-performing supercapacitor electrodes made from self-organizing cobalt ... - Nanowerk LLC
god girl :)
People I love and respect!
thank you, makin moves!
I was in Miami, FL.
KEEP IT GOIN
Being me is a full time job. Sheesh! Back to the lab!
What's the best email to get in touch with you BP?
great work at #innotechsa Beta Summit.
no. I've been hacked. Have to change my password and stuff. :(
So. Go follow us on Twitter.
Beach tomorrow! Ready to get my tan on!;)
2012 NFL Draft Grades | NFL Draft Wizard
Don Rickles, you are a legend, sir.
Thanks for the RTs.
I don't know, and I don't defend Obama's more intrusive government policies.
I have not been in a strip club since Vegas 2003.
SIKE...she not da type ...to be a wife...she get a pass...JUST for da nite.
Hey, I just met you! This is crazy, so here's my number so "Call Me Maybe"❕=======> 901-555-8769!
Dear bro-in-law : If I asked to tweet profanities @ u and he did it, could that count as your xmas present?
2Unlimited- Pumping up arenas since 1992
my friend who I just showed that tweet to said: "you have fun friends"
Louisville! We expand our network of sponsors! Are you interested get in contact with us!
Hello,good-day,and How the hell are ya~! #RSA It's been a busy 2 weeks for me.#TryingtogetitalldonebeforeScotlandEpisodes~! So excited~!~
who is dying? :) In my opinion, I think #blogging will always be around until the internet itself is dead (more)
Blue-faced #Hoyas in Leo's…I sense something athletic happened.
Hey Andrew looking forward to your next NYC event.
Used all 12 votes on double d
Should be interesting, looks like a piano duo tonight.
It was kinda awesome when Robin Meade said "TIT" on HLN news this morning! Go Robin, you are hot!!!
Love crimes
Well folks, as of this very day I am now officially 20 years old
great job! No more white pants and light blue shirt. Pass it on to Dustin and Rose
Error establishing a database connection---this is the message from The Handheld Conference
Radio this am had ppl call in with stories of drunken friends. , needless to say none would crack your top 5 even
lol indeed u are, u always had a way of denying the fact that I would b right I think that burns u up inside. Lol
Edits on edits on edits.
ha, you've heard me sing then
Never try to Buy someone's Love! If they can't love you for who you are or for what you have or don't have, then they don't deserve You!
Remember how hard it is to change yourself
BINGO! Point for Julie
Girl wearing a snap back and holding a paper plane!...
thank you, we put them out for people to enjoy and learn. :)
How I'm feeling right now I'm just gonna start fucking bitches left and right and treat they ass like dirt.
It's growing back tho!
Nothing wrong with that. I always pull for them.
I AGREE with this 1000000%
Awe such a cute lil fractal, takes after his grandpappy.
yeah until it pops in ur face and u won't come off !:)lol
LOL! It was a lot of pink! But there was orange too, but the lighting was weird..Go if you are in LA! It was really fun! xo
#20ThingsAboutMe I Give Second Chances Even If Another Thinks Its not Deservered
Uhm, until recently it was trolling people at SXSWi on Twitter. But I'll have updates on more productive endeavors soon.
currently coloring in the lines (; lmao
I'd bash your brains in if you had any! - Moe Howard
The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work. -Harry Golden.
Mama is coming to Chicago tomorrow for mothers day weekend!!! Going to pop a couple bottles and have a classy night on the town!
especially since said 13th anniversary isn't until February. Must have careful unrushed decision ;)
i'd kill the bird
S/o to !#BearsFAM←FOLLOW A
Im watching my gf sleep! She is the single most beautiful woman Ive ever seen! Im such a lucky man!
What's your drink of choice, ?
always acts like brat now 😣
nope; turkey quesadillas!
I have never understood people attacking other students coming from the library. Do you get a high from hurting people?
Re: the future Roy Rosenzweig CHNM, a huge thanks to whose renaming efforts have made extreme sports look boring and easy.
cornbread for the win!
I'm feeling Iowa state will have a chance to win this game, whether they capitalize on it or not will be the question
as I am sure can attest, it was beautiful! Oh and I'm So glad Bubba is feeling well!! :)
I can dig that, still u & I have no idea what it's like to have media unscrupulously distort our image...
#ILikedYouUntil I found out the real u.
OK, the palio diet kind of went out the window this week.
mock shock :O
Thank you! ^_^
me oh myy.
I should try that
Stacking my chips so me and my ol lady can dip.
Wonderful. from my team will reach out to you to set something up. Looking forward to your feedback.
omg me too! I have this + a huge box of korres stuff ordered a month ago I have yet to try! #product.hoarder :)
Every day is Friday!
thanks for the heads up! I'm going to get some stuff tonight!
Dear people who update their Facebook status every 10 seconds, There's Twitter for a reason.
Clarkie Sacked Madness
Vegas, baby!
At this point, will punch himself out by the 5th round. Slow down, son ! will knock you out soon enough !
I've worked for both genders, either way some good, some not so good, it starts with right intentions, not xx or xy
I don't think I was the one that left the creepy-breathing voicemail..
planning ahead pays off every time
Yay, you're a publisher now! RT : If you retweet things, then you are a publisher! I wonder if anyone will RT this?
thanks for the mention!
Wow! If that's not a flagrant foul on Green, I don't know what is. Terrible non call.
Good Night! :)
oh no sorry to hear that. hope you are feeling better :-)
oh yea? Haha
thank you baby:)
Brutal. RT : RT : Baron Davis had successful surgery to repair partial tear of patella tendon & full tears of ACL/MCL.
i love you so much <3
Laurie Goodman - #credit is an issue in midtier financing.
Gourmet Organic Green Tea you’ll enjoy the best of all worlds. www.lhobbs.organogold.com
He bak to the one i kno all smiles:-)
Here in Florida, the coconut palms are shivering this morning.
We're thinking that this Tuesday seems like a domestic draft beer kind of day. How about you? Grab one at #Fridays for just $2!
cafe sua to start which tasted like a werthers candy, apring rolls, and a shrimp, chick, BBQ pork, and beef combo over rice .
I just saved a bunch of money by switching to single.
Well this color was a fail..oh well I'll try it again in month
And I think Iceland regained it's independence from Denmark Will ;)
I MISSED U
I am constantly impressed by how bothered I am by trucknuts...
I will have to check that out
how much is TCAP worth for middle school grade? is it 10 or 15%
Wow! today = ridiculous adventure! Funny how experiences can be felt as frustrating vs laugh out loud hilarious depending on perception.
al i want for christmas is you ;)!
Need a vacation after the vacation...Scottsdale you're alright with me
thank you and please ask your friends we are behind at the moment and it ends today
I hate it when I say something funny, and then some bitch says it louder and gets all the credit.
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear. ~ Ancient Buddhist Proverb
oh wow your cool haha :p jk
#NP Like Crazy
Nothing says "spring" like a quiet evening on the patio by the pond and gnats in your wine.
Thx to all those who helped make 2011 an amazing year! We're looking fwd to 2012!
I still trip out when I think about that time he gave Courtney Love a ring and a marriage proposal.
: #Tswizzle played "Iris" WITH lead singer of goo goo dolls last night. I CANT WAIT TO SEE A VIDEO!!!!
A big thank you from everyone here at Lola VFX!
OK tweeps, here we go! At 185 followers now. Help us get to 200. That person gets $20 free clothes cleaning at EcoClean! Pls RT
Samuel just did his first run wit me. 1 lap around lake Montebello, over a mile, he did it in his chucks like rocky. Proud of him.
Dropped 3rd strike before they scored. Bummer!
That's why we all must walk in humility and the love of Christ. Love u sis stay n touch
The Brooklyn Bridge weighs 60,000 tons and is 5,989 feet long.
WAS. 20 Years ago. And never convicted. But hey, that shouldn't stop anyone taking his money eh? Simply because it's there.
#Nuggets pressing up double digits with less than a minute left
haha omg shannon
I took like 15 shots that night or some what close lol
I was just bored though. Nothing serious bro
hello my sisters! Blessings!!
TEET ME ! :D TWEET ME ! :D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW <3 TWEET <3 FOLLOW <3 TWEET ME <3 XX
Queen Chief says she'll answer any ? about her tribe. "If it ain't your business I'll tell you so!" LOL!
it is actualy for my Cat I am not putting her in gas so I guess she's getting a hair cut
Attorney Rob Corry says he feels confident heading into hearing asking for injunction for CU's crack down on 4/20 day smoke out.
Why do I feel like I'm watching a Sony commercial? I'm expecting Jim Nantz to pop up with a new sony tablet
lol yea I kno bra.. Would have been koo
the guy living next to me has begun to sing, clap, and dance. none of it is quiet or subtle.
I pre-ordered Hawley's new album & am looking forward to it. Wonder when it will arrive here, though. It's an import here.
No it wouldn't becuase she is a thing not even an animal! :D
So excited for my dentist appointment today. :-/
yea I bet y'all do!
The weekend is almost here! Is anyone out there planning to visit us?
Taco Bell Godzilla integration example? And this is good? I just vomited in my mouth. Check please!
MT cnnbrk: Senate votes to not give themselves and the people who pay lobbyists more taxes; no one surprised.
Didn't know that sponsored rickie's rookies at miller park...
went hunting today. didn't see anything, but good times were had. oh well.. maybe I'll try again in a few weeks with a bow.
Ellen DeGeneres and John Mayer in one show.. At the same time..? #perfect #dying 😱😭😍❤
Go to charm city cakes :')
Someone from Korea should hook me up with some merchandise...
does he fart rainbows?
Too many up and coming acting students believe acting is simply a matter of “becoming someone else” and reciting the lines as given....
First time going to the movies in 16 months. Weird.
I never understood why ppl take pics of them "sleeping " when they're not actually sleeping??
thanks for the follow!
Totally jealous of anodyne's ipad register!
Getting colder! Currently it's 78F and Partly Cloudy
Mark 5:41 He took her by the hand and said to her, "Talitha koum!" (which means, "Little girl, I say to you, get up!").
Your eyes always tell a story
RT CORRECT! RT So "accepted" is just "camp nowhere" just a decade later. Correct?
Congrats Sheriff2B: IA testified Garcia always withholds evidence of innocence. AG Ct appeals agreed.”
I WANNA PARTY WITH YA
#M2W Conference (@ Chicago Cultural Center, Chicago)
I dont want that one that i can live with i want that one that i cant live with out
It begins on the 1st of July and ends on the 10th
Fantastic. Very Best Wishes to all of the exhibiting artists, their galleries, and to those who get the chance to visit the shows
Wondercuts on vets right near lakeview is the best!!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pig'n Whistle - Pub (live updates)
got your graduation announcement or whatever that thing is. It looks good! Very proud of you Stove! You made it a long way!
#Salon Interior Thoughts: Lighting is huge in a salon. Lighting is everything. We say incandescent all the way! What are your thoughts?
Hi friends. All moved in and out of the old apt - finally! Now just to get everything put away...
I would love to come back, hppefully it happens someday! We should stay and party this time!
I'll try to swing by set and say howdy!
You can't just eat an entire box of lime popsicles for dinner...or can you?
I have a lot of hookups there.
Forum Update: Self-Driving Car in Cadillacs Future - DETROIT  Cadillac is road testing a semi-autonomous technolog...
WOAH I WAS JUST ABOUT TO SAY THAT ABOUT YOU!!! Weird...o.e
ahaha looks like it lol :D
October 10, 2009, at MLK Library from 10 AM - 5 PM. More info to come.
check out established start up working in proven field with complex views. Oh, and we rock!
I hate it. I hate it so much. This is like the third racist undergrad THING this school year. I just can't even.
Dying laughing at w/ his pepper spray incident
Impromptu tea party with the kids - Hannah added 2 drops of "happily ever after" to the milk.
Don't forget to pick up a Ruth's Gift Card or a Foodie Indy Deck - great for stocking stuffers!
I think we have a winner with this one
I'll definitely do that!
Great #affiliate programs avail 4 #fantasy football Blogs. Make money & refer your followers to a league where u play vs real legends
expanding #Wikipedia re: c18 & c19 periodicals = best use of my #dissertation research to date (bonus: closing the editing gender gap)
terrible terrible choice
Don effing Draper.
To be or not to be an a**hole. Isn't that the real question?
Is this year going to see a 20th anniversary re-release of "Passenger 57: Snipes on a Plane"?
Hi Les - Thanks for the follow. Best of luck.
JUSTIN DREW BIEBER MALLETTE ♥ FOLLOW ME (:
and i got a gf
That feeling when someone you've known a long time discovers someone you've respected for a long time.
thank you!
Kitty like fish!
MA peeps: use the link from my last tweet to get $20 for $10 at Grasshopper, and I could get mine for free. Join me for awesome food!
I think you just read my mind! Although it turned out to be a cheeseburger w/fries kinda day.
My goal in life is to be as good of a person as my dog already thinks I am. Author Unknown
Yo babay is serenading me on the radio. <3
more #ASTD chapter leaders it was gr8 2 c at #ASTD2012: AND MANY OTHERS!
I have class right now, I'll write you a private message later today. Finding it hard to construct at thought in 140 words.
- 3 hour status mtg is crazy. You gotta start using to track items and status and get rid of the mtg.
Without democracy there's no true justice no true democracy without a middle class. Remember when a politico blurts out "class warfare"!
extra super! Love the peach and lychee ;)
with all do respect, the record is 7-0-0 after last night.
FML NOT LOOKIN FORWARD TO A GOOD FUTURE FOR THE YANKEES IN THIS POSTSEASON
Bookshare celebrates a decade of innovation! They were initially motivated by the need to change the lives of people with disabilities.
Can't wait until Sunday. Not because of Xmas. I just can't wait to watch D Rose beat up on the lakes.
No, I'm pretty sure your a slut
Nigga needs a job so I can make that money!
good-luck! We know you'll do great! RT : Thanks! Wish me luck ;-)
Cold as ice - B.O.B
Me: Congrats to Weaver on his no hitter! Friend: Now they have 2 no-hitters, Weaver and Pujols
Do you watch Teen Mom 2? What did you think of the girls last night?
My day was spent driving all over LA (from the Valley to Santa Monica to Pasadena and finally downtown) with a few auditions in between.
RT : The web is no longer open now that a few entities have indexed it all. It is now *their* network. Don't believe the "open" hype!
"We have to get past" adversarial nature of realtionships between young men & youg women -Andrew Levack
Yesterday it was Newt Gingrich bots, today it's Wal-Mart bots. The twitter spam never ends.
Dead Again was the #1 movie this day in 1991. That sounds scary.
About to watch on the #Letterman 30 year anniversary show!
Rookie "you know what we get to do today-- we get to play baseball". Enjoy your job, everyone will benefit.
Not gonna happen. We got this
My teapot and tea infuser are in CO, so I am brewing chai tea with a colander & a mixing bowl...
but I have sprint dohhh
waaah what? I have lots to cry about too :)
maybe 20 pounds of pads? Also that dude just said 'have a blessed night' to the ranger.
haha well next time. :)
who put this much gin in my cup?
Had a great weekend, but now I am exhausted!
remember that life is full of ups and downs, and without the downs, the ups would mean nothing.
If the comparison is to the 2011 Milwaukee Brewers, agreed.
Mix up your workouts to stay interested! Last week I did the following workouts: 1. ran 2. elliptical 3. kickboxing 4. cycling 4. weights
#tweetyourweight 173.5 - out of clever jokes for the morning, ask again later.
Ha. RT Sweet remix. If I were UW, I'd tell kids to go ... because if you tell them NOT to do something ... failure occurs.
What would you do for a klondike bar?????
Tomorrow after 2p we need to chat-would u rather have someone Call u or text? Im a texter, cept for my mama.
Shout out to have the best tweet ever just click follow <------
I want one. I hope you pick me.....
Eva J's ghost is totally going to be haunting people because of this.
Very true!
Im glad I work at Fedex now. Just another escape from campus every night.
Haha my teacher just told me I have two free days just made my day.
awesome, thanks!
twitter been wack lately
is definitely my favorite chef on the food network <3
": ": kids drinking hand sanitizer to get a buzz? " u know that would be easy to get in the Infield...just sayin
fasho imma b gettin @ u in a sec bro
And it won't be a plain ol' Tweet...there will be chicken-tastic TwitPic attached!
Thanks for the retweet! Eval of impact varies widely: trad assessment of learning; student/community eval surveys; qual evidence
from chhe mailbag: "mr. klingler, thanks for coming to our school to talk to us about the holocaust. it was interesting. ps you are cool."
Since 8th grade I waited for this day...
Not touching this with a ten foot pole...
LOL you better remember
anyone bowling good? Making money?
Goodbye twinkies. I'm sorry you didn't last in my presence for very long.
Why is it news that doesn't like Nickelback. Nickelback doesn't even like Nickelback.
we'll always answer :) midnight.
#HERESTOALL You cant stop the waves but you can learn to surf
#celebrityapprentice poor Dayan, I think she is going to be fired D:
morning baby love u!
Today in backhanded compliments: was just told "thank you for your little bit of analysis". I love keeping my audience riveted!
TBH??... I'm turtle necking right now...
Don't be surprised when I wipe the floor with your face👊🔫💣
So the distinction you make is correct. We try to allow these questions to be raised rather than indoctrinate
all those poor raccoons and wombats. When electrified their hair stay straight for hours!
Happy Earth Day weekend!
If I treated you the way you treated me, you would hate me.
RT : We have the greatest mentors on earth. Melissa rocks!
What kind of team paraphernalia are you wearing? Get the #ChevyGameTime app and answer trivia for a chance to win Chevys.
Ready to get all these plans rolling - spring will do that to you!
it's so fucking annoying.
If I go out of my way to hold a door open for you, please acknowledge that I did something nice for you.
travis barker on the drums >>>
Whiskey for the soul.
BIG Congrats! You have made our lives easier! Keep up the good work!
Bonnie's voice puts Alicia to shame. Just my opinion.
Hurt feet, beyond tired, tons of shopping bags
Sweet RT, thanks!
Looking to meet some kool people in the city RT
Fellas do you ever go to a girl's house & pee in the corner of the toilet to prevent the loud noise? I know I'm not the only one!
Do you say pop or soda?
wow, good job! I want to try it!
Ppl over think too much... just take one step at a time!!!
I keep telling him I wanna kno but he doesn't believe me. He thinks I'm asking for someone else
RT : Ready for tonight for some typical nonsense with
Oh Bob.
Selena Hit Justin?, no no selena hits lights, silly people!
Good day all we are 2weeks away 4rm #BrownRiceComedy coming back to the MIamiImprov Thur,Feb. 23 W/
Easy: Install Ubuntu.
I miss our summer interns. Thanks for checking in Brittany! <3 you!
Shit I was going to let myself do it after having an idea for like six months. Haha.
"The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude." (Aldous Huxley) Thanks to
: hey how are u
i love this song too!
Pink Floyd UmmaGumma on the player right now!
at least you have a the closest one to me is 2 hours away in Phoenix! #prescottAZ please!
You got it! Steve was hosting the Homes for Heroes ribbon cutting and did a great job.
What have you done to amuse me lately?
~ from where?
I was post to be typing my research paper.
thanks for the support ;)
Nice going ! With Mother's Day around the corner, it seemed like a perfect moment to attach women, didn't it? What a cheap attempt!
I still can't believe is following me. So cool :) Now if only I could get a follow from
Steve and Laurie have tied the knot!
If 1Mil can buy you a Fortress-Mansion in Pakistan I think all these rich folks here in the states have got it all wrong.
holy shiznit dude you are awesome...ty ty and ty!!! That was supper sweet!
yes, but it's fair game, i creeped on his earlier
you fags can both blow me
Looks like a great production. Wish we were closer!
hey guys!! xx
every one follow my boy
Wow...I thought of 6...I wonder why!?
babies are so cool
you know what sweet? The fact that I have a cd with awesome songs on it made by specially for me
This Saturday from 2-5 come join us for a pumpkin carving contest... Then at night at Valhalla for the BIG Halloween party!
Excited to see the steady influx of registrations--a great mix of folks! Join us: virginia2012.thatcamp.org
you need a hug?
yup. It was huge today. There were a bazillion people.
These mothafuckas are serious about that shit...
Enter to win an iPad at tonight's opening -- 7-10pm, SECCA, 750 Marguerite Drive. Music, performance, 3 shows. Free/cash bar.
RT : Kim Miskowicz's Super 8 film hand-cranked thru the projector, recreates a demented Internet, ON FILM, incl. Google Street view.
Definitely had the most interesting argument with my father sparked by me watching "Keeping up with the Kardashians!" So unnecessary!
Really? Do you have an example to share? It sounds very neat.
People who inspire me>>>>>>>
definitelyy but a lot of crying haha i think they turn permanently red from it for awhile hah
I've been playing monster ranchers so much lately, But honestly I'm just coasting until #D3. Then I can die happy
“: Me n myme say hurry fo we strtn cheating lmao”/damn rite we bout to step out
Fyi: Nene is the highest paid on the show racking in $1million every season...and Phaedra is the lowest paid
I didn't it was painful though, & thank you! (:
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so. -Edgar Allan Poe
Playing old school Blades of Steel
smart,educated,articulate,beautiful and have that intoxicating southern accent.Thx and I look forward to your next interview
GRILLED FLATBREAD Caramelized Onions, Ricotta, Spinach and Pine nuts
lets see how the rest of the day goes and i wish they will get me out of class to tell me where i go tonight after school
Clutch is coming to Milwaukee's Eastside and we promise to blow your mind away!
I hope she makes you happy...
I'm Face-tweetin right now. I'm cool!
I have! When we went to LA we did Karaoke! The videos are on my wall somewhere lol. I put on a hell of a performance! Haha
and Kit look so natural together on ... Forget Billy? : D
Executive Order Change of Plans for Wednesday Networking ride Forecast is 74° and sunny!
he strikes again...when u least expect it.
Only a few tickets left for 2morrow's performance of "Don Quijote." Join us for a great family show!
is cooking deux croque madames. No fire alarms yet.
Cocktail of the day: the pisco sour. The national drink of Peru has arrived and we can't stop sipping. Frothy, tart, and herbaceous.
I love you
Thanks for the follow. What prompted it?
NJ will get it done RT If u asked me the chance the flyers won this game I'd say realistically 10%
Congrats on the xxl post!
my goal is words with friends is not to win. Rather I want the most inane, low scoring words possible
Yea my friends too! Oh... and I don't like kimchi. GASP!
good paying bills how was the date ?!
thx for sharing this awesome song! True #soulmusic can't wait to hear more!
Thanks for the mention! I hope to get the site launched soon :)
It *was* interesting.
Don't touch me, just fix me.
Curious.. How do Americans go about shopping for healthcare plans? Which company's are least expensive but have best coverage?
We're having 'real talk,' according to Man just made comment that convo based on 20yo book is misguided.
haha love the Slp world! We're all related!
Im recording this week so excited.Im at an organic coffee shop on hollywood blvd. Im trying not to drink coffee before recording.
it was, how did it even started? lol
😢 I miss my niece nd nephews....
yup. I'm a big McDonald fan.
no, they were a BYOB submission. If you click the link, it'll take you to the blog that posted them. Sorry =(
Getn ghost early in the morning
I just earned the Barfly badge on #Yelp!
R.I.P Steve Jobs
thanks for mention of THE VICIOUS RED RELIC, LOVE. Fabulist book! :-)
Reminder! We will be closed the 24th-27th, so if you're trying to get in, please call and book your appointment. Few spots left:)
- Lol, you're probably right Paul. But you'll have have that tongue hangin out as you cross the finish line (-:
oh so mad now? Lol
anybody use ?
Good Morning!! Everyone. You should have some Blackcurrant for breakfast.
serious story. One person died. Roughly 10 injured. Two others taken by flight for life
I don't think anyone could find your johnson(ville) under all that flab!
Mike Bibby is the guy that gets picked last in pickup game at the YMCA and then runs you by 20
Nothing like a post-midnight bowl of cereal to calm the grumbling in my stomach..
Bros before hoes...
I like them hands!!!!!
LOL! That's the one that made me pee!
instead of hide ya kids it would be hide ya snacks
Great time at David Nail concert.
Thanks for your kind support of #Boston Bakes!
I took jones
Yeah whatev, they aren't gonna touch me for shit. Watch this.
Just a bunch of garden tools and female dogs
just wrapped up an interview with Raekwon and prepping new music to hit the blogs by
I think I'll take that offer at working at a car wash , not every job will be fun. But hey little extra money in the pocket don't hurt
I dont have any kids yet but this right here is for practice.
Gonna be on that tweet mode in any second as class just got started
Don't worry your bags fly free.
now im like why the fuck am i letting these assholes upset ME, they dont have control of my feelings, it will get better.
All of my story ideas revolve around drug dealers now. Weird.
1st year of dental hygiene school completed and officially a senior waat waaat!
Why does is piss you off? Judge not.
Has Taco Bell stopped making the home taco kits? Can't find them anywhere--and they were the only good thing Taco Bell ever made.
1 period left...
I like my #feet. They take me to really neat places.
I'm pretty sure they don't do it in school anymore, sadly. I never actually learned it - just came across it later and loved it!
“Experience, travel – these are an education in themselves.” ~Euripedes
whats a good show to watch when ur drunk? Family guy. "look the dog is dancing. Go go go go go."
Very cool. Thank you. RT Try these, or the printers that these use.
I wish R.I.P meant return if possible <3
We hope you've entered! We have a lot of other great prizes, too!
I mean, yes, there was contact. Wade caused it though. What else is David West supposed to do?
I love listening to the crickets and looking at the stars. Its good to be home.
Had a gr8 day helping pts. New pt with migraines on n off 4 ~2yrs had first headache free wk after only 3 adjustments!! I love Chiropractic
Count me in! Sounds fun. :D
AP english test: Complete! Now only to worry about this play funding, June SAT, and Shakespeare monologues.
Does anyone else call it "polaroid cheese"?
Dolphins: One big question - ESPN (blog)
RT : Yeah Rockies get em! Show San Fran how we do in Colorado!!!!!
just looking for some meaning to it all... :)
Ah, thanks, thanks. I hope to see you both sooner rather than later!
Yeah I thought so to ... Didn't workout so well lol.
In the midst of life I am in death.
Come visit TRAK Records and Library in booth 100 at ARMA's 56th Annual Conference!
I have had so much fun this weekend & have had some great food. I got to watch the mayor of were i am( my uncle) go dons a water slide lol
Happy to follow- love your work! Pls follow us to!
You guys are awesome & thanks for the RTs about this week ! Keep 'em coming folks ;)
you better not have broken your damn leg!
Just found alternating reveal cedar shiplap siding underneath dated and inappropriate aluminum. This 1928 house will soon shine!
Just got hit on by a guy asking if I was German. This after last week when a guy asked if I was Belgian.
"Psssh I'm not sarcastic" *Smiles Awkwardly*
I'm glad God loves me NO MATTER WHAT I WEIGH!! JESUS THINKS I'M BEAUTIFUL!!!
what she order? Chick fil a?
Kale? Of course not. We have collection standards, you know! Asparagus is a noble vegetable.
Watching International rugby 7s on NBC. South Africa dominated France. New Zealand is locked up with Somoa. Go USA!! :-)
crazy night &
Many new 学生 interested in China approaching me this yr, even b4 classes have started. Many w/ h.s. language work already done.
Ah, would've forgottenn to Shout out this National Holiday....Happy #420 Everyone....lol
I agree with u. I'm sure those well known schools are expensive huh? But I'm assuming its worth spending! Thx again buddy!
The Diving Bell and the Butt
: the other part of that #halfjoking refers to beast within. how about a triple threat? yeah, definitely john andress. (imo)
Sister just gave birth to a beautiful baby <3
Time to talk nonstop about the NFL draft. Or baseball. Whichever's more interesting at a given time today.
Hello, hater.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. —Wayne Gretzky
what would you do if i told you that i la la la la loved you?????
Good Morning! The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.-B. F. Skinner Enjoy yrou day!
What non conference opponent -- aside from MU, UNLV, and UNC -- should worry the basketball Badgers the most?
that sounds cool actually. God knows my students need it.
Elephant on a unicycle? Just another day
Thanks for all the retweets.
"Beauty, booty, brains&MORE"...I like that statement! Girl power...lol :D
This fucking screaming kid outside is about to get knocked the fuck out!
Don't forget Afroman is coming to this Wednesday! He is certainly known to treat his Bloomington fans to a great show!
RT Love is when two imperfect people come together to form something perfect.
making Dallas look good.
what's your favorite Sing It Loud song?
#truestory RT members threw a football @ us. Nearly took out 's eye Thx heavens wasn't a toaster!
do you have any good recipes using oro blanco grapefruits?
CITY GEAR NOW HAS 8732,LILWAYNES TRUFIT, JORDAN SHORTS,PARISH....AND MUCH MUCH MORE.
And dream for me anything, but dream it in color.
lol u gone get d worse beat down ever..now thts d life um liven
I'm so sorry ! Go to Settings > Your Settings > Preferences & select your mobile number under 'Preferred Contact Points'
What are you doing to build the empire of your dreams? Are you actively looking for the people & components you need to succeed? Begin now.
Cereal and oranges for breakfast
I just saw a girl on the train who looked exactly from one of my best high school friends 1984 yearbook pics, clothes hair and all.
That sounded like it would have been fun. RT Played Miskatonic School for Girls. Wicked fun.
I tried so hard and got so far
Watching 'The Suitcase' episode of Mad Men and feeling a lot of emotions.
GIVE ME YOUR NUMBER MY PHONE LOST ALL MY CONTACTS
"Up-Up-Down-Down-Left-Right-Left-Right B, A, Start". If only #life was so accommodating.
Tonight The Grove is sponsoring two kegs & shots at Brother's tonight! plus PPG will have a table and a few bottles at Quinton's tonight.
It's election day here in #Indiana. Please vote.
sorry I didn't make it tonight, had something pop up. next time.
How can I analyze a character when I don't even understand the play?
Manchester City Stole the the EPL Crown From Manchester United I'm Weak as Hell Action Speak Louder than words!!
I bet Ollie's like 'no worst way..?!' haha inside joke, Ollie! :D
When we have these type of conversations >>>
I'll post tomorrow when I'm a bit more stylin' :)
Because you're a hipster and therefore ask yourself rhetorical questions to express your disdain on your day-to-day problems.
That was funny! Can't wait for the next.
Thanks. You've been quite busy! Congrats! Hope you and the family are doing well. I'm getting ready to dissertate soon.
Thank You Marcus. We try our best :) We hope to make another rockin record within the year. Thanks again sir. - W
Oh oh , I'll let you know when I make one
hey chick u left ur jacket in my car. Light blk jacket. Hope u have had a good week
I just got teaspoons for a gift!
me too, I know right. Which beach you going to?
happy hour! #boystown:)
shoes shoes ...i love shoes
Just arriving to Philly. Lunchtime...first stop Pat's Steaks!
he is not bad!
Reporters are always fishing for winning sound bites. Come up with a clever way to craft your quote, it’ll be one the media uses.
Np :) when will i ever see you at school lol
aww next time!
Are we drinkin' lil more,I can hardly decide!. . .
#Thegrey was Fantastic and Intense! Also saw #Contraband and it was Awesome! :)
Need to get my computer fixed so I can edit some more footage
Wait a minute... the Bella twins aren't fired... Why is the WWE reporting this... Something's fishy.
Thanks to all who came out in this rainy weather to see & tonight-& a special thanks to them for such a great show!
Pray for peace, Eat in small portions, Exercise to burn what you eat, and Sleep to clam it all down. :)
no prob Stacie! Let me know your office address and I'll stop by with info. Maybe I'll even drop off some dill chips?
Q5: Don't be afraid to introduce yourself to people. It's ok if you don't remember names the first week. Ask about their lives.
Sergio Rey: Can you assume static neighborhood boundaries in urban areas over the decades? Probably not, because neighborhoods shift/merge.
Have to give Compass another try after 's awesome overview at
all the freaking time.
Never outsource your entertainment.
i don't know u, u r correct, and I don't understand u by the word abuse
- Haha. It's not overly amazing. It has a cool "Newspaper" feature but other than that it's just another Twitter app. Haha.
You too!
ha! yeah real life retirement. I did the math today...
Oh dats your GIRLFRIEND.... I thought it was your HOMEGIRL????
SH is so infectious . You can't help but sing along .
Love it! RT : There are only a few museums that could convince me to move back to Southern Calfornia & the is number 1
Dear Newsman. When you are reviewing a movie, such as Cabin in the Woods, please do NOT include spoilers as a part of your review.
#prayforjapan Our prays go out to japan during this time of great mourning and difficulty. God Bless You All!
I salute u
i have come to realize that all creative people have "their masterpiece." it can be terrible or genius...but we all have one.
Get ripped like Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Text me if ur up for some fun
"All of this is gonna be mine" - Triple H #realtalk but sucks to be Shane
Crazy Happy!
such a cute pic...I think she thought you were a boy maybe? LOL
Latest Somaphony lover and collector from New Hampshire in response that Jazz Lungs will be arriving at her doorstep veddy soon.
Going on the power tower :D
Hi ! Thank you for the tweet! Looking forward to having you at Turnberry Isle Miami!
Essentially. Sports news is kind of thin this time of year. 90% of coverage is basketball. God forbid they cover more hockey
thats what I'm saying, my gym was packed at 2 p.m.
all these wildly off-base weather forecasts are really messing with our tanning AND our productivity. get it together, and team.
better than not having one 😉
you should show more of ur face then yes
I love driving over the Hoan Bridge in the morning.
You don't have to ask me twice.
How are you Anson? :D Can you follow us?? :D
Good tip. I've been afraid to stray from my name brand. Yogurt isn't something you want to mess with.
G'mornin yall from Dallas #Texas ! #kisses !
Thanks for all of your emails and calls about my family. We're hanging in there. You rock.
Happy Friday!
New Shirt BLACK TIDE ROPE TOUR TEE
RT : A Big Thank You to all the veterans out there that gave and sacrificed so much for so many.
you're so close but so far
Morning tweeps, so thankful and blessed God woke me up for another beautiful day.
I want Applebee's chicken penne pasta
Getting in shape is easy... you just have to do it...
the ump involved in the Lawrie incident should be fined for integrity of the game
No love for the Brim Reaper
Yup. Next I'm working on baked chicken stuffed with chicken McNuggets.
thanks. Much needed.
Had a good afternoon
quebec :D
Just to clarify, i make wordplay jokes like hipsters wear mustaches
how did this happen!?
Yes you can!
20 minutes to the Alabama Shakes #sxsw radio daystage.
Thank you for following !
Thank you (as always!) for the RT : )
yes! Instead of talking *at* visitors the NPS needs to talk *with* them.
though didn't Brown county have to raise sales tax for the renovations in 2000ish?
when when your blog be up ? (: or is it already up.... ?
“: #DECALDA changed my life. Never have I felt so motivated.”
Like i havent been.up 8am this morning
People who don't like bacon can't be trusted.
How's the salmon?
what's up!?
Credit cards: email card information to . You will receive a receipt once payment is processed.
Yeah, disappointing. But kind of unsurprising. And it strengthens my resolve on the home front.
It's gonna be another HOT one today. We're headed to the beach to cool off in the lake for a while.
i would never in my life move to Dallas!!!!!!
Love you Katy!!!!!
I was screaming saying "Vinny and Bianca are coming back!" then said April fools! I'm sad now:,(
yup, no phones in church, haha
just everybody
Im cold & just want to go home
theres this guy who always makes fun of the way i talk, he's clearly jealous cause i haven't hit on his fugly ass.
summer girls by lfo was my shit
there are some crazy ones around, at least we have our sanity!
Work to do! To the beanbag! (I write in a beanbag chair...Am I the only one?!)
I wish it were Friday already...
Are you or a family member at risk for #diabetes? Find out now by taking a FREE risk test. Text: HEALTH to 300400. You'll be glad you did!
Back home and time for another weigh in.......2 more lbs down!!!!! Thinking of buying this sweater dress I saw:)
Happy Easter!! :D
Valentine's Day is a week away! Make plans now to come into the pub and win his/her heart with a brew or two! Menu specials as well!
Mark your calendars boys and girls for 1/26, Babe's in Madison will feature ! Show to start at 10 pm. Going to be epic!
skipping school to bowl tomorrow..heck ya :)
I do, but it's so outdated! Getting back in the habit of blogging is a 2012 goal. I better get on it!
great song by Phoebe I'm so sad she's gone one of my all time favorites.
code for call me maybe
follow back youngbull
2 Deaths back to back ..unfair. Stay Strong Bellport. <3 RIP David
Keep sending us your Flash and BEER trivia questions. The more the better :)
Chris Brown Was Cancelled >.<
WTG Kasey! Take one for the team! (best chance of him getting in base....)
RT : one more stupid love song I'll be sick
Roster move must indicate that a trade is on the horizon.
The blame for CA's fiscal demise rests OVERWHELMINGLY with the Dems. They have owned the CA state legislature for 4 decades.
Literal shock of my life today....FREE starbucks coffee at Portland airport and yet 10 ft away ppl are BUYING the same stuff
#leanimpact: applying principles of the lean start-up to nonprofits; good chat yesterday with , , &
Off to work....
- thanks so much!!! - I know, it's take some work, but hopefully I'll get it done. Really appreciate the support. Juan
I'm sorry-#rob is absolutely awful. Typical Mexican stereotypes, #cheech is phoning it in and #RobSchneider is bad in anything over 5 mins
Houston traffic <<
hey, remember how I went to work for twenty minutes today?moof
Good morning world, good Mornin Xfinity Live!! Come visit me today at PBR BAR if youre down for the Phillies!!
changeable pics on here it kinda sucked today is ugly outside n vegas
aw shucks MA, now the whole twittisphere knows I'm a good son.
go on so long like that. And yes, it's the kids that truly lose. Saddening (and maddening)
Reading anything good?
So I got an email from petsmart saying I can get a discount on my pets anxiety meds -____- what anxiety could a spoiled ass cat have ?
All he said was "Structure fuck the god math!" and then he slapped me across the face. #howsthewritinggoing?
#Cancers don't fail dear...
#invisiblechildren and #stopkony is trending ... this makes me happy. :)
Have a chocolate class groupon? Room in class at 4:30 and 6 pm today. Exp date is March 31!
Being awakened by an Earthquake 10 mins before my alarm goes off just isn't a cool way to start the day.
Merry Christmas to all! I wish you all a safe and happy holiday!
Yes you can
RT : 9 point weekend earns Spencer Abbott Athletic Republic Hockey East Player of the Week honors. Congrats Spencer!
#jennamarblestaughtme to be myself at all times no matter what. Thanks lovey
i can install the full version for 80.00 , i'll get it working then send an invoice. Please reply if interested
- Sounds awesome! Thanks for the link. I'll check out his stuff.
you're welcome:)
well hell. How about a nice hot bath then
indeed! Say when!
God is good! Hope you all have a great day! LET YOUR LIGHT SHINE!
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 04/10/12 is Ian, Dan and Sally!
hey Prospect girl what did you sew show and tell
Well thank you!!! That means a lot to us
I've seen a few w/ Michael Floyd at 19. I'd like that; also would be happy w/ anything that could be considered O-line help
that is awesome!
To celebrate #AlvinAiley's return to NJPAC & , we are hosting a 4-day trivia contest each day at 3pm. Stay tuned to win tix.
love it, and an important point!
the Underground Library's new VIDEO : www.kickstarter.com/projects/undergroundlibrary/the-underground-library-memberships-continued-0/posts
ikr! where and how have you been
Middleton scores its second run of the game on a balk, now leads Madison East 5-3 in bottom of fifth inning,
Happy St. Patty's Day Everyone! We hope that you are out enjoying this beautiful Colorado weather.
at first i thought this said body odor lol yeah i know im looking for my reading glasses lol
I really doubt it! It would make no sense for the price to go down from $90 at the door :/
you won't listen any other way!!
Hey, next Wednesday morning. I'm Ikea'd out! Luckily I have a bf who is good at building things!
How dare you ! RT : who better starlito or wacc ass j.cole?
We are Atlantic City bound, T-minus 40 hours.
I'm willing to look so stupid till I've had enough
Researching Mother's Day food-related gifts for all kinds of cooks and non-cooks. Suggestions welcome!
I been on Ace Hood and Meek Mill All Week lol
thanks so muchh for the follow (: be sure to checkout too! theyre amazing,<3
Pro-family is compassion and means finding ways to help families stay together after Welfarism pushed them apart. That's the core issue.
Hi Bobbie-Sue- you deserve a chess set! I spent a year at BC before I realized I was Jewish!
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
Star Trek Anniversary and my wedding anniversary are the same day… coincidence? Well, yes, but still pretty cool in my book.
I called her out&she called me fat. I have a special needs son and I take offense.All people are beautiful.
DATS WUT IT IS RT : Ima make sure im there at 9 next time aw yea im tansy stepson MYSTRO
me too.
I'm auditioning to be a model. They said I'm great, except for basic body and face.
I just don't think a candidate's position on marriage equality in 2012 moves a swing voter. Other issues do. So again, why not do it?
Come back to me, Like you would if this was a movie. <33
well then!
where will you be staying when touch down here.
Aunt G now following us on Twitter as
hey, I need to walk with you to the bus tomorrow!!
Will there be snacks? “: For all of you who have been asking, The TSBand will be doing a wrkshop-in LA 's May 26 2-5”
happy born day Bro
I was there with Kelly. Beer pong in the kitchen. Those were the good ol' days :-)
herrrcut 1:15 tomorrow, just scheduled it. My hurrrr is out of control, beware!
I flew to the Philippines through leap day. Enchiliza flies back on solar eclipse day!
this day is going alittle better ! :) i feel so much better being single !
Asked a friend his thoughts on the candidates for Senator-he talks about all 3 males running with NO mention of the female candidate-ironic!
I like it.
depressed-___- Austin will never follow me it's so stress full /:
Sounds like the perfect day!
Merry Quattro de Mayo everyone!
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream #muchlove x9
Sheldon, from now on, you'll be my bff!
Day 37 of 100: I am thankful for my energy
it the lighting okay!!
Loveliest chat with -- chic, strategic, level-headed, cool; she's my inspiration.
Local musician and all-around great guy will also be bartending tonight. Don't miss out!
Fabi needs a Tweetie!! Hey Momma!
right?! Not sure if my friends like him..I should really find that out.
Enrico's will be closed this Sunday! Yes, CLOSED due to Marathon Sunday...(Enrico will have his regularly scheduled bread class) Run on!
When is sad I'm sad and when he smiles I smile:) <3- Abby
And, yes, I am feeling like a muppet this morning.
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation Week! Celebrate and #thankateacher!
We think should attend the Art of Beer along with our state legislature and UC Davis MIND faculty. Care for a beer mayor?
Head outnto Unblurred today and make sure to stop in at The Cotton Factory for some cool T's and a tasty beverage. Penn Avenue, Garfield!
If he keeps socking homers...I'd say Kawa-SOCK-ee.
Thinking of friends in my beautiful adopted city of Bombay
Finally home from work, bout to check out The Vow
Good Morning! The food is fresh. The biscuits are hot. It's going to be a good day.
thank you (; I'll check it out.
Holiday party!!! Everyone e getting ready?!?!? See everyone soon!!
had a pumpkin latte today & the place told me as of Tuesday it won't be available. Killing the pumpkin before the turkey is so not cool!
I think some might like to see what they should have said, or how they should have answered, what could be different, etc.
I so miss doing the updates though. :-)
Nicky Hilton Sues for $5 Mil -- My Ex-Partners SABOTAGED My Clothing Line: Nicky Hilton claims her high-end fashion line was a coloss...
You tweet A LOT. lol
dont know if this qualifies as liberal arts but my #history degree @ #UCBerkeley served me well for my career
i liked that a lot, also. #patience. whatever, dude, we *none* of us have a prob w THAT...
#news More than 50 GPs involved in the groups that will control have warned the NHS may be "in peril" if government changes are derailed.
he was shook as fuck of you brah DROP THE DAGGER ON HIM :krs:
RT i love finding songs that I can't wait to post on
historically all networks have horrible Friday night ratings.
In my yard and this deep buzzing sound kept getting louder and louder. Huge swarm of Africanized bees went BUZZING just overhead.
RT : 50% of people that use a computer for work say the technology they use at home is better than the tech they use at work.
That is a pretty amazing photo.
I'll be singing some TOOL or Nine Inch Nails ;-)
You had me at brilliant! CC
Eating oreos and studying for my weight training final...
looking good Michelle
what about us?!
Made reservs for Harald Mabern's 75th celebration this wkend. An under appreciated, should be, legend, n educator. Must see!
Shots if her timeline, not the mentions. It's just cute and hilarious.
what do you mean every guy is the same?
I thoroughly enjoyed serving at your beautiful design center! THANK YOU for hosting #WWRC!
I don't have anything to do!!
Marshalls, baby! I was going to return but says I can keep!
Olivia is a badass.
lol u like that i wanted to make a good one for u since you make good ones 24/7
So are you blaming President Obama for all the problems in the U S? Reevaluatethefacts......
More than anything else, it looks like an itty-bitty unibody iMac.
whats good man yall looking good this year keep it up
Frustration sets in...it is gonna be fine as a #THFC #Spurs fan I have been down this road already. knows what I mean
Right RT : I GUESS IT'S LIGHTS OUT FOR EVELYN.
Let us know your thoughts on the new video!!
Thanks for reaching out. For some reason it's tough to book in Denver.
#GURT2011 starts tomorrow!
Super bored.....thinking about changing my twitter name. correction i AM changing my twitter name
Even after the War ended he refused to modify or lower the bills powers it granted the President.
but its so true kobe is a horrible clutch player on last second shots
": 'turn fish sticks into caviar.' my new mantra <<< Love it!!!
Uh-huh... RT : A1) I think now more than even the answer is creating your own room through entrepreneurship
Multimedia for journalists MT : Very interesting tools!
you can say that again!
I'm bout to get all hippy, #love + #music=
Thoughts about morality/ethics and leadership are swirling in my head! How do people get away with being crummy leaders?
I didn't know you had access and thank you! when you are back online can you ping me?
Do colleges have barbershops on campus?
Come stop by and try our Colts Blue Lemonade as part of Colts Fan Appreciation day at
If I say that I saw the place where we all began, you would turn deaf ears ,and miss the most beautiful description of Heaven.So I wont say.
": Color correction for new video - almost done! #zoneOutAndGeterDunnn!" God of you boiiiiii
RT : Faith isn't the abscense of fear~but the courage to walk through any situation
Huge win for the Crew
#VACATION #WNC ASHEVILLE TODAY #FOLLOW A Candy and Entertainment Vending co
aww good luck!
Thanks for the follow, Misty!
MC Lars. Hip hop and Shakespeare. Rapping Edgar Allen Poe. Connecting rap = rhythm and poetry
thanks for connecting on Twitter fellow Midwest girl.
I was wondering why do you eat all that good food? I need good food like you post pictures of.
Who Awake?
the Moon, 5 de Mayo, 2 shootings (and not Tequila shooting, #raza) and a big fire in the Mission, what a weekend!
Who is like my God ?! The earth is his footstool !
RT : #NYR have had every opportunity in these OTs to end it
SO happy to get out of Arizona and back to CA in August.
FUCK YEAH NO SCHOOL!!!
fuck that not letting anything bring me down. graduation tonight freeman coliseum 7pm everyone is invited
add me to your skype contacts: art.bwb I will intro you to a success team that can help you get going, need to meet Marty
I do enjoy saying "fanny" to my British friends. It shocks them so.
Sometimes in life you've just got to spin the wheel and make the best of where ever you land
finna go wash my she alil dirty
Check out my single "Shine Your Light" which I released back in June earlier this year. Check it out on iTunes, Rhapsody, and Amazon as well
cool jack, SHUT UP
OH! wait I didn't know y'all dated? I thought y'all just liked each other? Anywho yes ma'm I know who you're talkin about
na being nice gets you no where :p
saw that movie has a kid...even then I thought that line was...well, troubling.
I read the Savage Hawkman #2 last night. I like it. I thought issue #1 was better, though.
Heading to Mexico! Follow for updates.
I actually enjoy the sore muscles from my first day of strength training in a very long time! And my yoga will feel so good later!
Headin over to Comerica for Tigers vs Rays... gettin there in time to see the pre-game video we produced on the big screen. Go Tigers!!
the Victoria train if you can blag it - best option by far. Pin me down for that Nam chat.
Need your love (feat. Ray Dalton), Sol
YIS! You never tweet me no mores:/
I got bored and manually updated my Droid to Android 2.2.
Vacation not coming fast enough??? Take a break and come relax with an hour long theraputic massage!
Why have I not been able to fall asleep all SUNDAY afternoon?
so your going to submit it right?
Learning about event management at a #cvent luncheon!
Had a scare with my gma but she's okay thank God, just makes you realize how precious everyday is with family
I made it! Learned a lot about how hard living on that amount is - meat, fresh veg are hard, eat more eggs..
Hahaha....maybe in the next phase :)
You have cracked the puzzle. I figure if can tweet, so can I.
She means a lot to me...more than she'll ever know. But I don't think even I know how much I mean to her...
oh hi sexiiiii.
But in fact God has placed the parts in the body, every one of them just as he wanted them to be. 1cor 12:18
I need to move on. :)heather
Our advisor on #yitan talking about connect.me and vouching right now. 10k vouches in last 24 hours.
That moment where you realize a person that utters the phrase 'spring chicken' is your mortal enemy
& her damned Charged & Controlled madness. r 2 blame 4 my dire need 4 a nap.
These boots could kill.
things n Alexandria r good. been a hot couple of days. getting ready 4 next year. should b a good 1. hope alls well n Chicago
When I get older and have kids, I will be the fun parent.
i miss Christmas but i will always have memories
life-changing, really
Man, i hate it when i dont take the chance and someone takes advantage and GETS IT! i do this all the time "/
EWWWW . get out of my twitter face . never in a million years
chicken bruschetta pasta (:
So hard..that's hot haha. No, it was a lot of fun, I was happy with how it went, I like Joe.
Oh no holding
Knight & Night – Part 1
Alex Air Mail
“: what is this shit show?” bitches on the T that go to bama?
Meet at the PHCA at 10am Sunday. We have a lot of bags and gloves to share. Lets give our Polish Hill streets and sidewalks a cleaning.
Wanna go home and sleep
Hello there, sun! I've been waiting for you to come out and warm up my office. The air conditioning is killing me.
Parent: "Who are you texting???" *quickly thinks of a friend they would approve of*
Certainly interesting hearing Jim Nantz's voice on ESPN
Poop spelled backwards is still poop.
Yup chipolte it is
Lmaoooo ready when you are
Who's ready for a sunny #Seattle weekend?
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Lead Actress, Non-Res Production goes to... Cate Blanchett
YES SO PUMPEDD!!!!!!! #countdown begins now.
nice foamposite pro's
Sobering up so I can go home 😏😏😏
We'll see ya tuesday ;D
I don't even think there r words to describe his perfection!
thanks for the mentions today. We appreciate the support of keeping Jazz and its history alive.
About to land in San Antonio for the Football Coaches Convention. Always great to see friends in the business. Really looking forward to it!
home safe???
Has Jerry ever consiedered getting a twitter? bcuz ik he has a facebook. (if its really him), and JK on Twit seems awesome.
DUDE! still rocking bro....you need to visit. where are you?
I LOVE YOU
Is everyone enjoying #HIMSS11?
If I were Inge I would charge the mound & start a brawl for the ages. At least that would get major cheers. Crowd is killing him tonight!
c'mon, make a run for it!
but he could obviously get more xD but hows Sarah look from inside(; still pretty?! (:
"Anyone want a cheeseburger"
4th of July looks like it's going to get wet in Las Vegas.
“: I love animals .awesome animals”
I forgot to wish you a Happy Birthday....so yppaH yadhtriB eilleK. Hope you had a great day!!
its astounding and amazing in all forms and is ur server back up
Heard this guy yelling "spurs are gonna whoop on the clippers!" I was so tempted to join that conversation. :b
Also if any of you awesome people have a spotify account you can check them out on there!
The hug I really want would probably suffocate me.
thanks luke ;)
One upping speed-dating in #atx .. Introducing Speed-Mating. Stay tuned for themes and success stories!
WTF Pinterest. "request an invite" and now am "on the waiting list" I don't want to pin food pics on your mommy website anyways. yes I do.
Well my internet isnt working
On my way to a marketing class I'm sponsoring for fellow artists and holistics. I will catch up with y'all after. :)
you got a picture of shanetta baby yet ?? i wanna see it !
Congrats to and their Jr. Kings 16U teammates on going 5-0 at Pacific Districts. Now
“: To bad you dont deserve it”
#Truthbetold talent has gotten a little better but still same old bulls#^% being played over there on 106th and Park. Can't wait for ATTW2.
Ready to get the day started......apartment hunting!
“: (RT) New Music from ft. dropping soon #FlyMeOutToCali !!
I'm watching Major League right now and it's pumpin me up for baseball season!!! Classic.
A BIG hi to all my twitter followers ;)
oh shush mr. garden [;
Behind my smile, hides a story full of pain.
u know it all.
Looking forward to it! Bonus: food from Antigua!
Looking for a #PPC account manager. Must have experience. Full time opportunity! Interested? Let me know!
Hey Josh, thanks for following - love your work!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !! SHES A #DIRECTIONER #ICONIAC #GRANDER AND #MAHOMIE ! SHE DANCES TO (: FOLLOW HER !!
Ambrose Bierce's definition of #genealogy - "An account of one's descent from an ancestor who did not particularly care to trace his own"
#NDSA UK web archive is open access and includes 10k websites at the end of June 2011
i will so be there!
yes she is thats my baby u treat her well and keep up the work
Got my white boy swag game up today. The O'neil shorts and the Neff shirt! Let's get it!
This guy really saying Peyton Manning is gonna be a flop?!
Liquid Web fried my managed web server - 3 dead drives in a Raid 5. Odds of that save gross negligence = .00000001. Thanks A lot Liquid Web!
Nope open Mic night is Mondays but come by we have the playoffs on plus and
I'd like to hear an Anvil cast regarding what you thought of the Avengers.
my evil twin brother is eastern "sky"..so yes ;)
REALLY HAPPY they make em look so good!
Shoutout to for bringing me a dank ass lunch at work! Holla!
my icon and my background are so sexy. dude.
I'm sick of being the good person.
Because you hate it [actually, love it] when I get sappy and corny. And you can't stand Judy Garland (who I adore).
Good Mornining Mermaid fans thank you for following me!! i really enjoy reading all your tweets!
their boss feels the same way
RT #LOVE GOD LOVE PEOPLE!! <3 :D
Need shirt that says "Now panic and freak out." Already own the pillow, but I'd like to be in constant mania. It's when I shine.
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don't have enough on my plate.
If you are not the best scorer there are other ways you can impact the game: REBOUNDING, DEFENSE.
We loved your post! And thank you so much! We're thrilled to hear it!
wish i could be there! rock the stage, and kill for me!
because we hate you.
then it's on to google+. Lol #ballin!
"Try It" Circus Class! Try all the apparatus before you sign up for a session!! October 30, 2010, 1-2pm, $10 www.TenacityCircusArts.com
you are too sexy for my mind!! (^_^')
just How The first heartbreak felt just changes your outlook on every relationship after that.Including Trust, But doesn't define who I am.
RT : Sabrina sent me the official announcement for #NCORE2012. I'm even more excited than I was before.I love conferences!
