There's so many pregnant girls at my hs. But when i see them all i can do is smile ; cuz mistake or not there's still a miracle in there (:
Rockit is now doing Karaoke Fridays! Starting tonight! Woooowhoooo! We love it!
When you are not sure about the hair advice you recieve on u-tube or internet, ask the person are they a licensed stylist.
If we actually took all the advice we were given and applied every bit of knowledge available we'd have more teenage millionaires.
user name is annemossity
become, how does it feel to look in the mirror, he went on to condemn me for not parenting my child. I have bi-polar. He eased a little.
I just invent, then wait until man comes around to needing what I've invented. R. Buckminster Fuller
Please let this class end already..
Haha im the king of G's so you do need my acceptance GET HIP
RT Jon D'Alessandro Better & more accurate than any traffic report I could ever listen to! I use everyday on my 2hr commute.Thank You
Lebron don't live that life!!
Trust and believe that #Godisable to do anything you ask Him to.
Yeah, i'm following you! ;) :)
Slight delay getting the message out, but should be on it's way now. See you tomorrow for a day full of awesome!
That sounds like a fantastic idea...lol.
I've always wanted to go there! Haha(:
I just want u to smile. Bcus I'm the one there for you... But u just don't c me ..
thanks jd you too!
#2ThingsIAppreciate music and summer
I must be in Heaven,cause I'm looking at an angel,who's staring back at me,her eyes so heavenly. <3
why do you talk to me
NICE! RT : Did my part supporting small businesses today
I need to go to sleep rehab.
Now we can go after Dwight Howard in the offseason.
Kyle anderson is an alien
Big Bill was away (with Fred Lundin's ghost at Fox Lake) over the holiday, but I did want to salute the memory of Maggie Daley, a class act.
Sigh. Setting alarm now to be sure I leave by 6:30.
I am too!
I'm princess of the universe!!
Meanwhile the #mavs #thunder game is neck & neck, pretty good.
Quite welcome, let us know if we ever can be of assistance! Cheers, E. Gossard
RT ranger dave will start unlocking the puzzle tomorrow with dates and some clues.
Hope we make it to this airplane on time. Smh
A Salute to all our Military Personnel .
You already win—I'm not enough of a football fan to follow it until the games start. Just tell me will still have Peyton.
Also, special collections libraries/archives trad. charge for reprographic requests; now might let users take own photos for free
Out of all of the people Mac Miller for House Party remix?..... 💩
radio Hot like wow Werk me.
happy Easter Roxanne.
RT : Want to hang out? I'm doing a Google+ Hangout on the +Fallen Books page. Friday, May 18 @ 4pm (Aus. EST).
ALEBA AND I JUST WENT IN THE SAME STALL IN THE MENS ROOM THAT WAS SO NOT OKAY
We believe we are ahead of the music industry. We offer a free market approach to success!
When dudes who took my sloppy seconds try to add me on facebook
THAT'S GOOD!...
"Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership.Always keep your word." - Jim Rohn
we would be interested in the blog. Unable to DM because you are not following. But we would love to hear more about it!!
Thanks for the ride, Mr. Jackson.#bestatlanticstationfreeshuttlebusdriverever. He has a plaque.
The awkward moment when Niall is starring at you the whole time you eat
i am so frustrated with you right now..
Daughter of a birder, I laughed my a$$ off at #TheBigYear movie. What's your favorite bird? Mine is
thanks-- we'd love to hear your feedback!
LMAO - you may have just started the new maker trend!
let me know a few weekends that you are available to go for the shore house
Wal Mart is taking over grocery stores.
i did not win the battle with git merge, but have temporary solution. will revisit next week when not in danger of throwing the computer.
Oh yeah no mumbling
Contractor: the challenge is - how do we scale?? - lots of money helps, but the internet provides us will all the data we need+
Thanks for the follow ! Looking forward to following your tweets.
Thanks for running the #HoleInthedesert news! We will keep you up to date
Definitely! You're the only person in Raleigh that I know, everyone else lives in Fayetteville! Haha
I get it. I wish the same. There are many with whom I care about, and they just don't understand the meaning of "caring."
Scarfing down some delicious chocolate cake that mom made! Yum!
welcome to Twitter! Best #ReMax office in the DC metro area!
keep us posted ;)
I can't wait for early morning church service on Twitter with
Wearing my hoodie in solidarity...even if I can't be in NYC at the moment.
At actors certified training playing a cop in one scene and a sexy mama in the other
Aww I'm jealous haha, I only know a hand full good.
Every time shows a woman's dunk in the Top 10 a puppy dies
Pobrecita. We're in the home-stretch dear! Hang in there. You are a
I'm feeling much better, my friend, so you'll be seeing me soon!!!!! Thanks for the shout out!!!!!!
You know you're taken too long of a break from homework when your tea is now ice cold...
Just saw a Range Rover n a Lambo just getting Taco Bell
Kern River's Class V Stout is everything it should be. So good my tired little body just passed out from it's deliciousness.
Haha... RT : #UCFashChat basing #dcfashion on women in ill-fitting suits is like basing all of LA on Paris Hilton
I know a secret way to get those delivered to the house!
Someplace where he might actually play?
,yes i did..r u real
Come and put ya name on it, ya name on it...and it's not even my birthday!
there is no greastest rapper of all time!
working late, fun times
": Having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a peeing section in a pool."
I like! :) Nice choice of videos lol
Lol that dude dead wrong for that.
Seriously, though. What am I supposed to read now?!
omg that is right! i like a guy named ryan..
Sugar, refined flour and trans fats promote the development of
I have a boss that reminds me of your "It's about racism" guy, and I think he's about to fire me because he can't communicate.
Come in today and try our special - pepper shrimp!!
where in PA were you?
At SD Solar Energy Symposium - Michael Picker: we have become an exporter of large-scale renewables and our utilities are buying power in CA
10 minutes Pens fans until is live on !!! Come sign on and ask him anything!
I am glad they are doing stuff for ya. :)
New to Twitter!! =] Follow Me, I'll Follow Back Muahh <3'
Mickey Mouse popped out of my mind onto a drawing pad 20 years ago on a train ride from Manhattan to Hollywood...- Walt Disney
maybe I can just take it to hialeah and back on that amount of gas you have again :D
it is good to wait quietly for the salvation of the LORD. Lamentations 3:26
What's best for waking you up: 1) coffee, 2) some quality gym time, or 3) the concierge's automatic wake-up call service? (P.S. don't say 3)
Great day lmao
I've already listened to 12 times!!!
When I get sour patch kids I only eat the red ones.
young black pants sag head phones blasten
cassettes, vinyl, flashdrives of MP3s, and a couple of vintage band shirts, nothing else.
Watching The King's Speech on blu ray while enjoying my day off.
Hey Lady, how're you doing? Life is flying but I'm having fun. Lots of stuff going on.
proud of and her book!
Women's Faculty Council Graduate Student Luncheon-Tuesday, May 16th 11:30 am-1:30 pm. Contact to RSVP.
can I have his number?
why what's up?
Shark among fishes.
"don't follow people who suck"
very. very. SOON.
Just leaned on my phone and Siri's "dop dop" made me JUMP.
Oh... :*( I should have known you would know! :-) lol
Hahaha Jesus. I saw that too.
Can anyone think of a better thing in the world than Friday?
Just found myself crying #hormones but my sister just encouraged me times 10.
Privacy ... what's that?
You are kind. I try to keep old photos secret so the changes are less obvious! lol.
your an idiot lol
Looking forward to the afternoon sessions! #JamesStaten from Forrester after lunch.
Let's grab a coffee sometime when you're not so busy! Would love to meet-up.
RT : That which failed him, also defined him: A Liver. RIP Steve Jobs
Awesome! Do I need to RSVP? What is being featured?
It's #never too late to become what you want to be.
I agree it is quite a challenge, but seems necessary, #healthcare must evolve
Vegas, 1961. Poolside at the Sands. 2 am. A stool sits empty at the end of the bar. "Have a seat, kid," says Frank Sinatra.
Finally experienced first-hand the glory that is Blacksauce biscuits. Everything said is true.
The packing is officially done. Now I can get excited.
yahhhhh!!!!! AWESOMEE!!!!!! cant wait to hang out with ya
Im in Tennessee and it turns out I fucking love killing deer and drinking their butt blood smoothies
Great work GerWeiss - we look forward to watching your growth!
She's great!!!! :) Totally love her work! :D
some just need to give that life up
I claimed that like 10 years ago. :)
oh guess what came in today's delivery? It's something BIG for
Your not a hipster, dad
IM NOT FOLLOWING U HOOKER. U ARE A NON MUTHA FUKN FACTOR BITCH HEHEHE
Haha. Awesome. Are you going to be at C?
Had a good day with my mommy:)))
Living Rock Creatures can suck my AYYYSSSHOLE!
Off to Columbus, Ohio through Chicago this morning.
For those of u who think I'm fake I'm not and thanks a whole fucking alot. I haven't been on because I had to move AGAIN. now I live in (c)
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness - Proverb
Gotta take the Bella Fitness Brand global!!
I agree; plenty of blame to go around. My heart goes out to Joe Paterno's family ... And also to the victims of JoPa's silence.
"Carry On Abroad" is my favourite carry on film. I also like "Carry On Screaming". Those two are the best.
Congratulations and can't wait to see you in Newark on the 12th
Both Of Us Remix ;D
My friend Clint is filming in Nepal. This is me being jealous.
Just to clarify...I was kidding on my last tweet lol I wish I was!
Finally getting to 's pre-1972 report. Based on exec sum, seems like a step in the right direction. Reading whole report now
RT i feels yuh. Yuh finish dhat project : oh I'm bored.
HAHA my point was just proven again, is terrible at these challenges, whatever he picks the opposite is the real result
damn you! I'll be back.
you'll find out whenever you have lil babies of your own... Lol
yeah we did sorry we didn't have two more people for Harry and Louis :( but we love them to
Stomp the yard is on tbs :j just started. Channel 39 ATL. So where r these dudes at tho? lol
Im sleepy now.....z
Happy Valentine's Day! Because we love our fans, use the code TEALOVER and get 15% off your online order through February 21, 2012!
Anyone have and good stories? Like im bored and wanna read a good one
and will be commenting on this in 5, 4, 3... RT: I'm told it is #nationalcleavageday . My rack rejoices.
I'm so sorry, Libby...
That E4 was worst thing EVER even if it was for 1 second! WOW LOL
Request a consultation with ur hairstylist! Stylist should give you a full guide on the up keep for keratin u tips :)
Do you think Blessid Union of Souls super-fans all greet each other with "Have a Blessid day!" because I bet they totally do
RT Story of my life literally :/ RT : Caring way to much for people who don't give a shit <
<3 cant wait until #BOYFRIEND video!
Need to go shopping
Bynum sure behaves like someone who could have used a year or two in college to grow up a little....
Classes may be canceled, but we'll be open! Come in and stay warm. (But PLEASE be careful getting here!)
Why Monica?!? Your short hair looks so good!
lol I'm just being honest *andre 3000 voice*
Kieran Culkin, Macaulay's younger brother, turns 29 today. He played cousin Fuller in Home Alone. He wets the bed.
committing myself to 's yoga for people too busy to do yoga again because yea ...a little bit is better than nothing at all!
ok god,cause I like talking to my twitter beat friend(; haha.
and I'm going to see you in San Diego next Tuesday :) so excited!!!
Accountability is so overrated. Let's just Talk about how nice Coors Field is instead.
Yes thanks! But haven't read or edited b/c wifi is not consistent for me & typing on iPad is slow.
In what poll is Santorum leading among women????
No one knows you like I do, they don't see you like I do.
Woud love to talk to anyone doing gaming research. Great group at the CHIMe workshop so far!
Carolyn Shamis you will be remembered as a true beauty and success story.
Trivia prep for Monday night: which state was the first to allow women to vote?
Switzerland, the land that time begot
How can you watch and tweet at the same time?!
You won't be disappointed! RT : I think I might just have to go to with the kids on VDay for the foie gras waffles!
have fun with that quiz this week :)
on TV?! #Awesome Congrats!
$ROVI is a Japanese candlestick "belt-hold" buy today. It took out the sellers. Stronger volume and increased MFI.
we will definitely let you know. thanks for your interest
Fuck you twitter for making me think that i'm getting a text from someone important
already did
Was a blast ! RT : fantastic!! Love that you did in 4 inch heels. Bet you showed them!
Testing new app again
well thanks for checking us out! You should listen to our ep "century tree" and tell us what you think. :)
Red Sox 4, Royals 3, End 7 -- Daniel Bard survives a troublesome seventh.
I think it's amazing what you guys are doing! :) even if I can't buy a shirt ill support you guys no matter what :)
Get a free cupcake at Sprinkles Cupcakes by saying "People Like Us" -> noon to 2pm: May 13, May 18, June 17, June 26
thanks so much man! #FF right back at you! “: #FF ”
Don't understand ppl who threaten to unfollow major celebrities like and
Thank you for reminder of Voltaire's "Perfect is the enemy of the good,"
if my parents looked at my messages, i'd be fucked #AndI'llLeaveItAtThat
Last minute birthday bottle service in SF tonight. If your around let me know and come on out to celebrate!!!
Yes…well…if you are a teacher, I don't think he cares much for your profession.
well, your back. smh
Thursday I think....
Antiphon is an anarchist hippy! On reading the papyrus fragments of "Truth": he does not think the state is just... we should follow nature.
Some people don't have to work very hard at being assholes-for them it requires very little effort.
When your #6 and your best friend is #9 on your softball team <3
/ You earn what we call "organic" BUZ points just by using Twitter. Gameplay gives you bonus BUZ and a chance to win prizes.
Ever say, "What a small world!" 4.74 is avg. num. of ppl linking any 2 strangers, according to scientists from Facebook & Univ. of Milan.
Coming soon, hilarious trailer for the new reality show, Al's Car Lot! We promise this is funny stuff!
#class #action administration is all about making sure class members get notice and settlement
In every facet of the business environment there is strength in numbers...I will succeed financially with each purchase YOU make.
BTW counties don't impose their will on other counties; people select based on majority vote, counties have no vote
Hope you feel better Nick! (:
Ok man let me know if more people want some and ill get a bunch of them for you!
Anyone? MT : My friends mom has stage 4 brain cancer & no insurance. looking for items to auction off. raise $$. Please help
Ready for some Bball and then some Football.....lazy cold day in front of TV...go CATs and Broncos
Honestly, I don't know. , there's a request for info on the "fashionable" breasts article.
Because it is the only time you think about or are offered ginger ale.
wait really what?..
"don't get me siicckk" ! What a puss
I'm pretty sure MTV is supposed to be about music...not preggo teens...
it wasn't the alcohol that got me this fucked up xD
My interview is in about 15 minutes.
I heard a Mozlem even wrote book. Professor and everything. "Homsexuality and Islam"
Woman killed in rollover crash on I-805 in Sorrento Valley - KFMB News 8
Check our website, portlandtimbers.com RT : where can I watch a replay of last night's show? My dvr only got the last 5 minutes
I love how I felt when I was with you.. I want to feel that way again.. feel that way forever...
Raji, Williams, pass rush also guilty.
Happy chocolate diversity day everyone!
Happy Birthday Bob Marley!
u want your own gym now? Wow belle
lost in ghetto east la about 1/2 hr min then barely drove home :(
I used to have a life, not anymore.
Must be a twitter glich! I just hit follow again and it said I was already following you!
Tuesday Tips Time! Get a Box of Tips, Large Fry & 2 liter Soda for $13.99. That is a whole lot of great BBQ for a great price!
a bad thing ;)
I Killed The Prom Queen's music sometimes catches me by surprise if the Crafter version of one of their songs comes on. Different lyrics.
atleast you were front row!! I bet it was redonculous! She is amazzzinngggg (: glad you had fun!!
Sweet, got my Tao Lin letter in the mail from
That moment when someone tells you that you and him look good together<3
happy someone is minding your twitter store :-) saying it happened to me = I got a similar text msg, that's all.
Let's go #Caps! Shut 'em down!
Headed down to the 'Folk today!
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 24
cause I can't be boring. It's impossible. 💁
I'm glad I saved my Money... The Rockies look awful!!!!
Disadvantage 2 of having a #deskjob : this morning commute is challenging to my spiritual walk!
Hysterical!! #LatteClub - RT : The vent hole in my Solo cup was too small and my face nearly caved in when I took a sip of coffee.
google my name pacmang74 and checkout my songs.
Rod Barajas with his first meaningful hit as a #Pirates player in game 29! Walk off homer and the Buccos win! Amazing/awesome game!
yup yup this girl keep askin me who you are lol i think she gay lmao
hey! I got one of those too! Hahah
follow my new account please !
Congrats also to Misty Gamble, who teaches in foundation program and who has been promoted to special assistant professor.
It sounds like hail is hitting my windows at work.
excited to have you!
#SBS got mad love for
No such thing as perfect but you come pretty close
Just 3 classes today then off to Indy to perform with the MidCoast Swing Orchestra at the Jazz Kitchen!
Ur a real good singer :D
My stuff came in from #merchNOW thanks!! So stoked
Dessert time <3
for the whole weekend or just saturday???!
I'm so cold.
is she showing off her banging alt bod? will there be a carles post about this soon?
I'M GONNA TELL YOU ALL MY WHOLE LIFE STORY SOON...ITS GOING TO ALL BE THRU DANCE....
It seems a number of folks haven't read out-loud in class since the 5th grade. This is a rough little exercise, eh ?
U R Welcome:D
I can tell you a story of a broken heart,but i can't tell you how it will be mended back together
Cut to basic weeks ago and still getting billed for U200. CSR says bill stands--IT DOES NOT! Then got cut off mysteriously.
path of least resistance,
Thanks girl!
NCAA Men's Championship b-ball game tonight! Who ya got? #Kentucky or #Kansas?
' Ready for this week to be over!!
How many ears does Daniel Boone have? He has a left ear, a right ear, and a Front-ier!!
what's good everyone!
yes I sure am! He's one of the most talented dudes I know! And the sweetest!! (:
I'd imagined his twin to be called MAN-HER Cain RT #cainwreck Next excuse will be the unveiling of the Caine Evil Twin.
Great suggestions. Tough courses. We'll pass those along to our deals team - I know they've talked to all of those.
Yeah, but reading the news each day, it's a new team he's going to. #sharks this morning but by afternoon who knows?
When life confronts you with nothing but headwinds, keep on sailing….zig zag if you have to. Be Encouraged! Have a bless week! Pas
Perfect, thanks! I knew you would be the perfect resource to turn to. ;)
MAC love :)
Spotted Michael Ginsberg (Ben Feldman) outside my building. I was tempted to ask his opinion on last night's "Mad Men."
Tiger Girls Unleashed -- News at 9
>>> Artists that allow Fans into their lives to really see who They are ♥'em for that
yeahh there's like people that went to see him, it's in their statuses on fb lol
lol, been on the grind! Heard u r getting it in at AP :) You down for a brewers game bf you leave.
I have got to know alot of the people who are at capital most days...dedicated...pizza Mike is great with all his signs...
Ha yeah really... good stuff in that piece though
If You want ill text You by that Now (:
Yo. Now on Twitter!!!
Made it to the front page of Google for the search term "Grown Man Business"!!!
Somewhere, a kid named Heath Shuler is saying yes. MT: If we have a boy, would it be wrong to name him Robert Griffin Rossmeier?
follow back please
Anyways, Good Morning :) We hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving Day. Chat with us if you have questions.
Hope you had a good weekend!
Scary movies on netflix, and bumming it out. I could use company.
Yep. Zero. They got an earful from me.
Decided to go to morning practice
I agree, but the problem is *I* am not checking it.
"Man in Black: Do you always begin conversations this way?"
Welcome. Come in. Stay a while.
yeah, lame! im not :( idk bout the other girls
I LOVED you on #thevoice just wanted to let u know <3
Thanks! RT : We're sipping a satisfying cup of 's Chanakara Blue Ginger!A totally beautiful brew! You guys rock! ^_^
Make your haters your motivaters
I just got the same email from I'm guessing it is an email screw up.
Are we really keeping Rory Gilmore around for this long?
I don't... understand.
Follow me? :D <3
Love the Simpsons reference RT : .... and oh yea Self vs Calipari - there's that whole Supernintendo Chalmers thing going on
May depend on outlook of Cravens, Hargreaves, Redfield, Willis, Goodman
That'd make me Leon Phelps! RT : Just saw an ad for NESN program called Dirty Water TV. That's an SNL sketch, right?
In the studio putting finishing touches on the new album...
Fuck, I need to skate.
What's your favorite #OneDirection song? Time for a new cover!
Tony Orlando...though that don't quite seem right...maybe Gabe Kaplin???
I can't wait to see prom pics 😍
Nice! RT At a Finnish home decor design show, name of one line of cookware has six letters in it, 4 of which are "u"!
Just hate it when you are in a MTT and are in the money and you have been showing great hands with raises and some donkey calls you and wins
If you went to the Orlando Warped you can go vacation on our beaches....or nude beaches...either one will do.
It's difficult to be angry lately because life is going so splendidly. Thank you, universe.
Who's going to win Boston or Atlanta who are you going for?
“: My brain doesn't know if its wants to be a Hip Hop Artist or a Hip Hop Journalist....*shrug*” < Rock Both!
I'm DJ Dave C, from Denver Colorado,. Have U ever been asked to make a personal pair of shoes with your logo, and there name.
#faSho:": Yall stay tuned.this yr im bout2 make major moves ligts,camera,action lets go!!"
Well, gosh, you guys are TOO nice! RT : there only 1 Matt Scoble ! Fact
started that TT (:
Hi, Sarah! Thanks for connecting with us!
How is this Dude DAMOTHEGREAT!!!!!!!!
At this very moment, I'm listening to " I'm Tasty " by Pink Dollaz. If you don't know who they are, you ain't livin' yet. <3
Mold spores can spread into the home and eat away at everything from ceiling panels to furniture make it quite the undesirable intruder.
Have you tried Philz coffee down here on Paseo de San Antonio in San Jose, we recommend the 'Slow Good' blend, it's well, so good!
haha alright, bieber dance moves hour is over. for now....
I would be careful when you say that a women is a cold hearted bitch because it was a man who made her that way !
Why do you think i'm having lunch with you, obviously is it to help you correct this atrocity :~)
Ok, I will rewrite mine when I get done with my homework.
Kids are great. 12 year old girls snacked on pistachios, now using the shells as boats. Plastic fish they found is terrorizing the boats.
Prayer is for connection to the father; fasting is for keeping that connetion.
Thats what we like to hear! RT : Off to yoga with - the best part of Monday
nopee I'm not ! I'm thinking of how gorgeouse you are and how much ide love a follow x:) x
Good Night everybody! :)
Well Taurus is cool too
Son of a WHORE!
Kick back at Tony's place ..... #pass x(
Vegas baby!
It takes a lot for me to apologize, so when I do, please appreciate it.
Hey! I’m on TV! Watch WGN America and you may see me in some spots for "30 Rock."
i love when i realize my friend hacks my twitter and tweets about taking a shit.
I enjoyed your performance
Show me what I'm looking for
Happy mothers day. (:
Just landed in Chicago, speaking at Resurrection College Prep Tonight!
Yay going to the beach and pool next week with
Let's drink to memories we shared, before to long you'll be a memory. </3 Mayday Parade.
Last day of classes as an undergrad! I'm headed to #Seattle !!
twitter lost my tweet!
Busy busy busy!!!/:
I love you , I love you not , I love you ..... When douse the cycle end ?
Laws control the lesser man. Right conduct controls the greater one. ~Chinese Proverb
How happy are the players with that?
can i update my rivals profile ?
Air mattress city up in 's house.
Who says I can't cook? You obviously haven't tasted my cereal.
“: SET TIMES sheets will be available to the first 1,000 people at the booth tomorrow at !”
Tabloid was CRAZY. Seriously, I can't believe this woman is real.
Gravity . Photoshop for women laying down to enlarge breast size.
Who wants to be in a photoshoot today/tomorrow? :)
I'm fucking huge now son! Get super ran lol
lol no, idk who it was
peace im in San Francisco right now recording been traveling for like 3 years follow me back ...
Listen to some talented actors in the NY Capital.
Great speech by Des Clark to business group in Gurnee, Illinois re importance of mentoring and his 88Wayz Youth Foundation
RT "These models are wearing the latest fashions like they're going out of style."
Today was good bout to get alot better ;)
how is it dude? Hold it down me and will be there on the 1st. Time to get our young professional on.
.: Watchdogs are concerned use of model bills is a new form of lobbying that's completely legal, but unregulated.
Your tweets made my day. It's the absolute best that you know how many NCEs you have (&where they are) in a second.
And the nigga that set him up got a price on his head
I totally walked by you like twice today and was way to nervous that it wasn't you :/ wish I would have said hi
where are you? In heaven? Lol
#ToyInventors need an idea? #IHaveAnIdea ! Will you market an inexpensive toy that works all the time, in most any weather? Kids easy! 22712
[+] Public unions aren't perfect but mostly they're made up of hard working & caring Americans.
I keep thinking I won't like this game more, and then it just gets deeper. I'm addicted.
At hale interchange... I'm actively praying now... We've hydroplanes twice
#3WordsOfAdvice FREE YOUR MIND
Thanks to for such a great college *night at the museum* The Villa is so beautiful!
True self control: passing up a starbucks ham and cheese sandwich
See you at the Pittsburgh Bridal Show tomorrow at the Pittsburgh Convention Center. We will have Limo and Limo Buses on hand for tours.
my roommate and I tried to do one in college. Talk about stupid ideas. Good luck!
I'm super excited about tonight! Haven't had this Game 7 feeling since 03. I'm just ready!! Go Devils!!!!
For some reason i feel like summer is over.... :(
MetroStage's production of "The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!) Tickets for Tonight's 8:00 performance on sale now. www.metrostage.org
na keep him, when Bron gets his ring he'll shut up & say ... "ok he's the best"
Pandora doesn't go back in the box
Sitting in the lobby of 'W' magazine right now...this is very surreal! And über cool!!
lmao i was thinking that too..i was odee happy when he told me he had good news i already knew it but just to be sure i asked
Yeah right, like I really could've said something, you wouldn't heard it if a train was coming.
The gospel is not just the diving board, it’s the pool. We grow not by going beyond the gospel, but deeper into the gospel. ~ J.D. Greear
HP &#39;Slate 8&#39; Windows tablet details surface
I would be interested in going...but I can't go until Friday evening
I don't know why but so many things are running through my mind right now..
you better! 😘
the monitors have estranged on them "when I find out all the reasons..."
Why watch the fight? I have twitter. I'll know every good moment.
Ltb's, bday party, place is packed, dance floor needs more pops locks n drops!!!! Bring ur boogie shoes n join the fun!!!!! Let's go!!!!
Who says either of them are bad? haha- just kidding!
lmao. I said I be busy not ballin! 😂😂 more money more bills!! FML!!
Lord, if I can t be skinny, please let all my friends be fat.
The #MLS digital team had a great night These guys really know how to do it right. Thank you for a great night. We will be back.
Bwhaha--but you can't help who you love, right? :P
Can i have a good night jacky? (:
thank you ma'am!
are you having outages in Ames?
You getting closer. Or, Your getting closer....or You're. :)
Where is a good place to track free agent signings?
Today in 1865 Robert E. Lee surrendered his 28,000 troops to Ulysess S. Grant effectively ending the Civil War.
me too..just got in to the first tape and now this...
Bet that was a worth while trip! RT : detroit to see van halen back in 07
"I am a cyborg" - one of my favorite moments of
Yall Listen to this man !!! ~~~~~>RT : Thx for the follow honey every1 that is my LOYAL FOLLOWERS Plz follow 💋
HI AUSTIN IM JEYLIN BONILLA AND PLZ GO CHECK OUT MY COUSIN AND CHECK OUT HIS RAPS, HE IS A SICK RAPPER !
So if Gingrich thinks someone else is arrogant, how arrogant are they?
Best NYE yet. Got a NYE kiss and didn't blackout
"Because she is his greatest danger she demands from a man his greatest, and if he has it in him she will receive it." Jung on the Anima
I'm really not sure how I feel about being called "ladybug" by a Sonic carhop.
Once a team says "Ok we'll move there if you build a stadium" we start building the stadium
What would it take to make every city school a place where kids and teachers want to be?
aw! That's so damn sad tell them to fuck off
1st yr-brutal. RT : Did you move here from somewhere else? Was Minn really that nice? Outsider series on Mon #dailycircuit at 9.
Best wishes to you and your husband while he recovers!
": Aw, Petrino is sad that LSU wouldnt stop scoring" Adolph Hitler on Petrino: "Man, that guy is a dick!"
Brunch with mama after soccer :) #<3
Avoid criminal investigation? MT Mr. Mayor... What have you accomplished that makes you better?
You know what's cooler than a space shuttle strapped to a plane? A space shuttle launching into space.
For the past few nights I've had intense contractions. Tonight nuthin but movin & kickin around. I think I prefer contractions.
because of the #Pirates recent woes the #Brewers game got the C team from Fox
That Subways was on point earlier.
I'm ready for saturday! Are you?!! Party!!!!!<3(;
You sure as hell don't mess with a great novel. So, please, Hollywood stop messing w/ what is already great. It's not doing you any good.
Never again
It feels good not to have to go to school anymore😃
haha um, no smart ass :p You just never call me "medina"
ZesMo Mobile Marketing - www.zesmo.com
my friends has hundred of sexy korean girly guys on her binder ( ( KPOP ) )
I couldn't agree with you more!
“: A #Taurus has a reliable and dependable personality, they are the people who get things done!” damn straight!
May the Fourth be with you all. Happy Star Wars Day!
Decided I wasn't blonde enough so I went back and had Maria fix it. I'm definitely super blonde now :)
#petpeeve Why do so many spell Pittsburgh wrong (without the H)? It's a major city. Saw it wrong again today
You cant expect people to love you the way you love others :/
Ugh, talk is so cheap for most!!!
Beer goggles...allowing ugly people to have sex since 1852...
A/B testing is so exciting! I'm so nervous!
i think reed might have a slight chance he played the entire game against the browns on DEF and special teams played his ass off
it's almost time to get up -it's noon
I've been writing in the hero's pov all day. Ready to grow hair on my chest.
We'll just get him some of that Lester Hayes stickum. He'll be fine! 0_O
Thanks for the follow.
Kreider is going to net the game winner
Mf's be tweaking.. Doin TOO much..
Using #SparkNotes cuz i dont feel like reading a whole f**king chapter..
Kobe just put it away
Sierra Club opposes transportation referendum - Atlanta Journal Constitution
Shooby-doo-wop,and scobby snacks,met a fly girl and i can't relax,the only problem is she's a movie star.
Ty RT : Thanks for the mention
Love my friends<3
Trayvon Martin on my mind!!!
#RealTalk... is one of the few Artists I've known that has consistently kept me going. Straight up
anxiously awaiting news from #Egypt. will today finally be the day Mubarak gets a clue and steps down? hoping so!
are you really gay? I am too:)
My connections been consistently unreliable in the evening for a month. A number of my friends have been having the same problem.
Are you a good person? Tell us about it
Mitt could try: "Love is a many gendered thing"
what happened?!
Last night was by far the worst night of my life thus far. Hoping tonight gives me better results..
On my way back to Waukesha
When will you follow me?:(<3
Very sad that was not at the wax museum! Now it all the way till October till i can see my future wife ha
Aw that's cute. What ya get her? Don't remember much except Quinn, idk. Thanks again. :) PT test & derby Sat, nada Sun. You?
True love is the most powerful magic of all
I Did It!
Slightly disturbed by how much I liked the fluff and refried beans sample at the What the Fluff festival. Also the fluff and BBQ sauce.
i think you played this song this weekend enough for the rest of the year
Fucking hipsters ruining the hatred for ugly Christmas sweaters.
Happy Father's Day to all the wonderful Dad's out there <3!!
I'm thinking of starting a charity to cure "font-whiplash."
ha. I wish I were the chief!
Of course, Jimmy! Have you been a guest on any other podcasts?! There's always a seat open for the hometown marmot.
I think we all need to step it up & the followers in school make some posters to put up around?
If you're checked after walk
oh? Nice! Let me know.
stop that! then have a nice holiday!
oh watch out! Lol
Rumour Has It ♥
just landed... I guess I will find somewhere to get some new threads
About to kill off a character in my new book. Man this is hard. Let us bow our heads and pray.
Oh dear! There needs to be a non-shirt, no-shoes,no- game watching law.
im getting better lls
Then someday maybe... MEAD! :D
I feel like I shouldn't say anything because that would make me gullible..
I'm like a modern day carpet bagger. I've been living out of my bag all week.
Never regret anything. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?
Thanks for the RT!
You're not helping me here!
Love the handshake tradition. Bring on the Devils.
now tht just means the president is jealous too cuz hes not as beastly as #Mr. Wiggles. This keeps getting better and better!!
Friday is just not the same
oh wow.. Cool! Thanks bro!
haha nice! sounds like something , , or would say
Mortons Chicago. The Original.
You liked The Wire, yeah? Have you watched Simon's "Generation Kill" or "The Corner"?
Don't feed me scraps that's not cool-I want to go to doggie school!
thank you
Biz tip: Consider how you can convert your current offerings into multiple income streams. via
the inconsistences are returning.
Thanks! It keeps getting better with the more people I meet :-)
When you wake up you have two choices, It’s either you sleep again and continue to dream or Stand up and make your dreams real.
thank ya thank ya!
The poses are just shapes within which you can have the experience of yoga.
a nice
Mexican food is on fire!!!
Workout b4 work!
alright buddy
THE PHILADELPHIA 76ERS ARE BACK AS AN OFFICIAL NBA BASKETBALL TEAM AND AS A PHILADELPHIA SPORTS TEAM
I. Am. Awesome. That is all.
Fred Meyer employee has ear severed in apparent hatchet attack. Anyone up in Longview witness this or know anyone that did? Wanna talk...
"Tape you taping me"..... and Brent actually talks, I'm relieved. Was wondering about that poor boy. Hey Brent ya sound cool!
Taking the train home for the first time!
Happy to be home again, and not taking credit for the hitchhiking sunshine brought back from Phoenix. It wasn't me, no no... ;-D
“The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.”
i'm so freakin jealous of her....why can't i look that beautiful ?
All I need is marry marry marry I ain't fuckin with no other drug
All smiles.)
Come on Jake
Passed a car yesterday and in what I thought was the driver's seat there was, staring at me through the window, a 4 year old child
Best of luck with your shoot. You're amazing, can't wait to see it! :)
Dude. Am I the only one who confuses Garam Masala with Marsala wine? Close call.
im gonna vote for yall for the rest of the day #PopOff vote vote vote<3
Happy Jim Burr is reffing this Georgetown/Cincy game. Now, UofL doesn't have to deal with him tonight.
thanku we definitely appreciate it! Congrats with ur company. Doing great things boss. Continued success
It's nice to be in a building with insulation with all this wind!
Yea but at least you can take a zombie out. WTF are you gonna do with a Trex on your ass?
It's raining cats (and cat people!)..now just need it to rain a few men! Thanks to EVERYONE for getting IHC to 20k+ FB fans!!!
My goodness, such vitriol.
Kentucky is not only the best team in college basketball...they are playing the best right now too.
Fantastic, sir. Enjoy yo'self.
Been to kneehigh park or somethin? :D
"Someone came up to me at the gym and asked what event I was training so hard for." Life mother fucker
Awesome game last nite. Really entertaining, unlike alot of games *cough*Big East*cough* 1 of 2 best games this yr (UK-UNC, UK-IU last nite)
when will you come back to Philippines? ? ? ? ?
Having been there myself, that was definitely a mistake.
Starting Fransisco Liriano in your fantasy line up is like playing Russian roulette with every chamber loaded.
austin dancing, oh my gosh
Thanks. I'm looking forward to it
All I got to say is DALLAS MAVS BABY
Thx! Yes, the data will be available for others to analyze..eventually. Not sure of dates yet.
I fuck her good, and she always ride it for me
happehhh; how i now spell happy, captured the word!
Hey can i ask you something?
Vegas RT If you could be one place, right now; where would it be?
Great game bro!!! S/O from the Bay
The are proud to be the first live event to earn the coveted winner’s seal from Parent Tested, Parent Approved (). Congrats!
Are you in #DC? If so, you probably love #HappyHour! May 31 we'll be , so put it on your calendar now! We want to see you there!
Spent last week in Pittsburgh. Checked out for din-din. Pretty good, and very accomodating to our large group of 10.
Sometimes when I think about what to make for dinner I think about simply cooking the pound of bacon in my fridge and digging in.
It's hard to take anyone seriously when they quote Lil Wayne lyrics in retort to what you said.
stern - good to see u tweeting _
hey I could use some hints for baby Ayden :)
When seeing or hearing can make your day...
just made my 26.2 donation....way to go, Ali!
“: The Giants scare me again.” - Big Blue!
Oh I just can't wait to be king
I can't stop listening to
Let's go boys! You can do it!!
Best one yet.
Fox schools stage spring musicals, comedies
Thanks for the RT about our next promotion and Much appreciated.
i remember the et one.
Dr.pepper >
#1111 Just because of the number you'll get the 10 ;D no jk. I like ur name :)
Do you have to have an iphone to have Viddy on your phone? I have a blackberry :/
Volunteers R needed 2 collect petition signatures, hold signs, & get postcards signed @ the MayDay March. Can u help us out?
I totally would!
we will stop by! :-)
Hip hop went pop and crossed over and never came back. I used to love her
Heading to the studio to broadcast today's Carlson on the Law show. It starts at 11.
Good morning, yea today is a beautiful day :-D
Ah. The actual release has been available for a week or two. I guess they held off sending the email for a bit.
No way sanctions this harsh if Patriots, Giants, Jets, or Packers were involved with bounties.
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I can relate. Some ppl think I love / hate daisy's. I like your choice; wish more ppl would b creative.
Food For thought RT : Gamification is not just games. Ur Loyalty program is ur game - ur asking customers to play.
you are dumb
All day everyday speeding to Eden!!! Happy bday Neal Patel!!!
Of Course You Realize “I’ am” Controlling World Events From This Laptop...
great pizza shop!
Check out my "New" - Acappella Version of "Be Here Now"!
I got hit on by a lesbian... She wanted the booty, but she ain't gettin' it though!!!!!!!
You Scored as Drowning look out for baths... they can be quite deadly...
Journal writing is a voyage to the interior
Probably. But thats why I love them...their so dedicated<3
Graphing at Wrigley today was brutal.
but yeah don't expect a positive response every time cc/
Watching Mystery Science Theater 3000 via watch instantly. Laughing so hard I can barely breathe.
enjoy your vacation!! No worries!
#YouTooDamnOldToBe wearing Aeropostale, A&F, and American Eagle..
next week :D
What are you guys doing today? anything fun/exciting? :)
Congrats on winning the derby!
I know. I just listened to the audio of his "apology," and was thoroughly disgusted.
for now i am. Thanks tho
Somebody needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures...
Denial ain't just a river in egypt.
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS. English: We Speak It, History: They're dead get over it, Math: 1+1=2 Beyonce taught us that. Spanish: We Have Dora :)
thanks. As with everything, its a work in progess
I don't believe in taking people seriously that can't give me label, especially if they have an excuse for not giving a label.
RT “: Why do I need WSVN? Or even DirecTV for that matter. I'd be willing to pay the NFL $15 or $20 a month to stream to my TV.”
Just arrived to to talk about severe weather stories I'm working on with Look for them next week and a preview in minutes.
What was that? RT : Memphis Grizzlies will close out the series today.
It was great to meet you at the Wauwatosa Women's Club event!
Well I try not to but if I get offered I probably won't say no haha.
going? RT : If you want a lower level seat to see Lin vs Rubio tonight in Minnesota, you're paying at least $100.
Not there today but thanks for the invite!!
Great to have you part of the #ClearedJobFair #COBOL #C++ #security clearance
Nope! You made it just in time. Good Morning!
I just felt a massive tremor in my home in DC. Unbelievable.
The way that we are is the reason I stay.
Kudo's to Petra Mitchell on her great speech at the Heinz History Center for the Catalyst Connection Banquet! Hello to all my new friends!
I don't agree 100% with conservatives but I do believe we should strive for abstinence among teens.
I'm going to start studying Laurence Olivier, Marlon Brando and Anthony Hopkins.
Hell Yeah
Me and rockin the road trip to south by southwest in the dodger!!
Welcome to chromozonexx website magazines official twitter page
so sad i didnt actually do that ~Devin.Anne<3
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations
Exclusive: A look inside an animal hoarder's filthy San Diego home.
wat!?!?! Wait I forgot I recorded it wat performis was it after???? Lol
no...too much red tape to get out of the country...especially to where I'm going....
Mitch Hedberg Movie Los Enchiladas @ The Paramount Thtr on Aug. 12 7pm. Go to our Calendar and find out more. www.andersonparamount.org.
Food Fact of the Day: May 14, 1853 Gail Borden applied for a patent for condensed milk. If only her cousin Lizzy had done it first....
if you are not following me back on here i am about to stop following you.
GET IT! such an inspiration!
good call on rondo's triple double
Ms. Pacman tourney at Classic Slice Bay View, soon. Details forthcoming! Classic Slice North Ave not only has Donkey Kong, but now has 720.
#LastTimeIChecked wearing flip flops in the winter isn't smart...
Good to see #Broncos back
I am always scared to go on the tumblr app on my phone because you never know what you will see and who gonna walk by at that time.
Greetings & thanks for connecting with us. Looking forward to sharing! ~Linda :o)
thinking about writing Gov. Paterson about the water. I can't believe I'm up thinking about water and not writing. But there it is.
Saw it, will definitely follow!
So, when you're on your computer at night, in the dark, in the summer, little bugs flock to the lighted screen.
Where DO college kids put all their dorm stuff in summer? So happy our Sarah is back, so cluttered is our house!
just because everyone sleeps with you doesn't mean you're hot or sexy..it means your EASY.
hey are you going to Fanime?
Wine and greens don't go together.
RT : Former Supt Jerry Weast of Montgomery County, Md, describes "the new ABCs" of education reform: Accuse, Blame, Criticize.
thanks for coming to see me! good neighbor.
I have an audition at "The Groundlings" in Los Angeles tomorrow. I am crossing my fingers that I get in. I love comedy and improv.
Bout to finish this studio with my nigga
Get out of my
Ill do fine on my own!:/
samee :( but I'm laying in bed and I dont wanna go all the way downstairs ahahha (:
will you please follow me please please please :) PLEASEE NOTICE ME :/
Today is deff my lazy day :-)
I love the Nyan Cat remix!!! :D
Love I'd send you me
It's amazing how being sick keeps you up later than you'd expect to, because I was out from 7:30PM to 4AM
Hey Brent how are you doing bro?
Those at #MCN2011 please say Hi to our Creative Director ! Great resource for how museums can use tech and design innovation!
Bombed that test
Jenny House of : expect to see less formula funds and more competitive funds in the future
At least I know I can ask for The Godfather now at
Want to work at Pinkberry #Mandeville? We are at job fair today interviewing shiftlead candidates!
Ohh my, im turning into my dad.
I'm only #human, of flesh and blood I'm made. Human, born to make mistakes. Love that song!
Excited about the possibilities for Augmented Reality use.
If feels good when he call my name
#workflow I gotta make that money baby!!!!!
Happy Birthday s/o to my brother Love u boo boo!
Proverbs 6:25 KJV Lust not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with her eyelids.
Happy Kansas Day
Signing with new commercial representation today, and away we go!
"Good friends are like Stars… You don’t always see them, but you know they are always there."
i will dm u my email too
From my experience "How to write an RFP for social media" has been the most useful presentation of
First women subtract from their age, then they divide it, and then they extract its square root.
Whatever seafood place I'm at has all these stacked waiters with amazing bodies. God has definitely blessed this restaurant.
Dance like the photo's not being tagged, love like you can't be unfriended, tweet like nobody's following.
Buttons, switches and tilted to the left: A Pimp's Cadillac or a Dribble shot?
Thinking about starting a blog about running and/or webby library stuff. Wondering if I would stick with it, though...
The Supt job doesn't appeal to me, but I certainly respect those who do it well. Districts need great leaders, espec now.
Happy Pride Day! Go GAY people !
Count my green.. Get in between.. Those titties
The Feeling I Get From Youu (;
Ppl want to restructure America but to what? A capitalist, socialist, libertarian country...what exactly is that?.
"Behold, if anyone says to you, "Lo, He is in the desert, believe it NOT!"
#Follow Team Stunna Kentucky #bang!!! In my voice
it takes me a couple days
Better Pick-up: Kevin Smith, Vareen, Forsett or Joe "Brian" McKnight?
That's the way narrative conferences should go! They tend to get even nicer as the years go on (so prepare yourself)!
haha i can tell! i'm not really a huge fan of his, so we'll see what happens with the rest of the season.
When you write it you should make a show of taking it out of your backpack and putting it on your desk for inspiration. LOL
always got jokes..ha!...Kelly C always speaks da truth..lol
Hi April! Long time no see. I hope you're doing well and hope to run into you again some time soon.
well this part. I am more South Beach then horse country
Emails will be the death of me. People need to stop sending so many!!!
i keep trying to send you follow me but it saves to drafts ^_^
Happy Valentines Day to my beautiful bride. Thank you for so much love and happiness.
Good afternoon world...r u ready 4 the weekend?
Be. Just be and watch the judgment slip away.
Hapoe everyone is having a
Seriously; only 5th time in NCAA history.
Not fedora in a dark alley kind of sketchy I hope. // Need help with anything?
"The technical difficulties [with the Agganis video board] really brought out the best in [ #BU Hockey]"
South Texas & Texas Hill Country hit us for custom t-shirt screen printing & embroidery. Price is great & customer service over the top!
you're very welcome!! And I sure did lol
The marginalized many & the fortunate few need each other to experience greatest significance in life.
The point of watching a movie is watching it so I wish my teacher would quit barking watch every 5 seconds
I was just jelly bc you were wearing it. 😔💔 I WON'T WRITE ON IT.
Definitely! My niece use to draw me w/hair sticking straight up when she was younger. LOL I would prefer a mullet any day! ;D
i miss you with your braces<3
Whats up Packer Fans??? World Champs up in here
fair enough, but it's the principal of the matter. The Times's and other publications splattering of their news content w/ ads.
Wasteland.../still/ one of my favorite games. Ever.
Thank you.
I hate how they've scheduled these #nbaplayoffs games at 10:30 eastern time.
Thank you for the mention!
I love watching live tweets of your brother's farts on Twitter at 2 AM. Thank you! :)
Girls, if a man EVER puts his hands on you, do what Rhianna did, leave, forever...
ACL data sharing policies: "we would publish the website link if this paper was accepted."
👈 would give Eighty tens for #DWTS Packer Nation is SO proud of you!!!
Bordeaux 2011 - Super Tuesday: Over 40 releases overwhelm negociants, merchants Over 40 chateaux have released their prices today â" i
Cheering you on in your support of some wonderful causes...good luck!
Thanksgiving is over. Time to get back in shape.
Oh ok cool. Yall film tomorrow and Thurs? What yall doing tonight?
Sony doing what they do best, ripping off the success of other companies....
Maybe she changed her name and moved here.
she had it added to the twitter terms & conditions
Charlatanism of some degree is indispensable to effective leadership
Must get report done. Door shut. Uncoiling the razor wire.
I got 5
I can't wait to see Aliens VS. Monsters with my kids. Good call sir.
watching the Grammy's looking forward to seeing great performances and great tributes.
Feds selling off priciest works of art to save cash
Being single does not mean no one wants you...it just means that God is busy writing your love story
I love the hills!! I'm watching the 2nd episode now!!! Heidi be crashing the party!!!
Hey guys and gals! Follow for updates about the collection, sales and random happenings at Kelly Lane. Help spread the word!
He really is though.
can't figure out what's on NPR right now but it's awesome.
I am hiking Mt. Marcy this weekend. Excited, also a tad nervous. Anyone have any experience with it?
Watching #starwars with my kids for the first time.
There should be some sort of mandatory waiting period re: covering pop songs, like 3-5 years at least. Just heard M.I.A. "folk" style
More coffee, more coffee, more coffee oh, good morning...more coffee, more coffee, more coffee, more coffee, more coffee, more coffee, mo
Day #6. Time to kick the tires and light the fires.
will pass that request along
Wow, been a whole two games. I will build you a cake.
Just sent off my video audition to Washington! 🙏 Now, back at this website madness.
apparently no news on #GTAV until release of max payne 3... in may.
I'll be in the gym in 7 hours with Jon to help him cut weight for his Pro Boxing debut
Theyre singing Love You Like A Love Song on Glee.
Got a new follower!!! Im so happpyyy
Jesus christ Lebron. What the fuck are you doin?
Met w/best-selling author Julie Fast! She'll be presenting at the WAN BMW Sat Apr 25, and a panelist on the WAN Publishing RT Sun. Apr 26!!!
It certainly makes bus transit about 100x more usable RT I'm pretty sure transit data is the gateway drug of
Ima multitasker! Hahaha!😜I wanna hear you say " #sistaneedawheelchair " when u finish crushing LEGS!
Can u skype
That he is, especially so early in the morning :-).
For many, a letter still says it best - The Seattle Times
😔😞😖😢😭 all my years of iPhone experience and never an issue, till today!! My phone fell in the bathroom, shattered.screen... So pist!!! Grr.
Join us for our 1st event of the year with from on 9/14 For info, visit www.facebook.com/aafmiami
I know. It's almost as if he thinks that cultural heritage has something to with actual human beings.
Finally realizing not to take my family for granted.
UNDERSTANDING YOUR SOUL PURPOSE - SPIRITUAL ASTROLOGY Tonight, 7:30 - 9pm The Psychic Eye 818-906-8263 Class overview, bring ur natal chart!
Ur going to see Good Deeds now? No fair! I want to go too! RT : Now it's time for my movie date with self...
that would be incredible when you get there ask for Justin
lol with that driver over 4000!!! But new one is under 2500 so were getting it fixed!
Bad news: Santora event is cancelled tomorrow, but make sure to stop in tonight to see Ed Lin!
I never want to hear about whale meat again. EVER. Nor do I want to hear about Isadora Duncan or Martha Graham.
Tell her to write about a small town mayor in a newspaper.
Hi Anthony - Thanks for the follow. Wow, 93000+ tweets. You have a lot to say. ;-) Look forward to reading your tweets!
Fire up those engines
I want.
#RedSox have 3 guys on your MVP ballot, 2 guys on your LVP ballot and Lackey gets your Cy Yuk. I feel even more lost than before.
Heading to web team party with
Why is your avatar a close-up of your (*cough cough* big ole) head ?
#Winter has finally arrived in #Wisconsin. Most years, we're sick of it by now. This year, the #snow & cold are still a novelty.
Don't skimp on lunch. Give yourself a good meal to refuel. And take a moment to reflect, look up, muse and reorient yourself.
Amazing, really. Dick Clark made a career out of being Dick Clark. Couldn't dance. Couldn't sing. But he was one heck of a Dick Clark. RIP
We're still looking for a student intern for the festival! Also, non-majors are welcome to participate in the festival.
Its cold as flack in here!
I'll give my book idea a little more thought this weekend and then tweet you to set up good time to call you.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <312
You are welcome! Have a great wednesday :)
that makes a lot of sense. The question: what was emancipation? was always at the forefront of our minds. (1)
I want warm skin against mine. Hands gently caressing my sleep filled body. To feel safe and kept. Tangled legs and neck kisses. Bliss.
Hell yeah! Thanks! We really appreciate it. Let us know what you think of the rest :)
We're on summer vacation :)
I'm so happy I'm moving back to the city. :)
true, but what about the intimidation factor? Who needs speed when the other team is worried about your mustache?
what?! How does she have any right to tell you or them what to do on their off time.
I've been trying to get to get an Irish sisters tattoo w/ me for years!!! Maybe we can do a cousins one :)
that is a great song right there.
Lots of web updates today. We have a full house of interns in the building, so I'll be working w/ them also. More blog posts likely.
Excellent. I'm really glad to hear it.
Let's go #celtics!
#BoxCarSuperstar RT : I wanted to do all those things!
Bet we see it in next 3-5 yrs MT Stern says ads on jerseys not coming in near future. More media generated buzz...
He said it! "Hatred is a very underestimated emotion. " - Jim Morrison
Bowling with the Fam is always fun. I stink at bowling but I had a good time!
At social networking panel in S'field w three super engaging panelists. Dubeauclard, Krause and Wolfe rock.
Relax, don't worry, have a homebrew.
make it nasty
#dearhair why do you have so many grey hairs...I am only 24??!!
I need to stop watching sporting events in La Tomate.
We spared no expense...
After a bumpy start, I wish all my boys a great trip to Gulf Shores for DMB. and
and you're not dead, so okay.
Yes, the kid is amazing. There are so many more amaxing children undiscovered.
I'll stay in my room cause I don't like that show.
AWESOME!! LOVE IT!!
Well tweeters maybe you can help me understand it because I just don't get it. Tweet you guys later~BAMM "THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER."
I respect your maddening travel schedule Margaret. It was nice meeting you at #sxsw. Safe travels!
They were then sent to a factory a slave laborers until the factory was destroyed.
Cats by 11.
the remaining five hours just got worse. They each had their own maybach, but had to share camels, WTF?
landed in #Vegas. Look out.
#chicago #acappella -- combined, you can't go wrong!
Since it's not really possible to know when you're being deceived, is #trust any more than willful ignorance with a bit of hopeful optimism?
IMMATURE the word boring people describe fun people lmaoo:)
if you like what makes you beautiful check out one thing and gotta be you! its gotta be you cuz youve got that one thing!! ;) <3
I kinda think D.Rose missing a lot of games this season cause he want CJ to get better.
It's a gorgeous day and I'm driving to NYC:) wow!
Got to see Katie dohmann of too! Great night!
hell no.
lol well that's good!! R u out of class now?!? Lol
Renewing your mind is one of the most best things you can do in your battle against the enemy. You ARE who GOD says you are!
how do I get the install kit?
I love you Justin, I really hope you see this!
that's how I felt, too. I'm surprised at how quickly everything went by.
same here
Eating Hershey's kisses :* 💟
Got my math teacher to vote for my contest picture
RT : "Athletes never graduate. They always have coaches. They always have someone pushing them along."
Working w/a vendor for video you agree to a treatment & elements to sign off on.
thank you!!! :) hope all of your classes are going well also!
Thanks for the #FF love!
Well the first Saturday of the year sucked for me: ND and Oregon loss to along with a UW win. Atleast it was an embarrassing win over EWU
Watching a special on beavers, they're awesome.
You know I need you, just like you need me.
thanks so much for the #ff love!
I know the feeling!
who's in charge of dp twitter?? Andrew??
Yea yea its the #sour hour
Got a new dress for tomorrow :)
loving all the pink at the ballpark today
Listening to our song So Beautiful, seeing wht else we gotta do to it.
Jordan's just working through his nerves. He'll be alright. Just has to settle
I wish I was in a car on my way to DC like && !
“: Admit your weakness, God will add strength. The Lord doesn't like arrogance but he will empower the humble.”🌟
If you haven't checked out The Turnaround do so now!!!
American student said that men with names like C.J., L.J. or any initials, is most likely named after his father and is a junior. True?
so, somebody light up my device, i need some conversations to get going
Hey Wordpress friends - best photo album plug in?
The awkward moment when someone's voice doesn't match their appearance.
Thanks choreographers: Marty Kudelka, Luther Brown, Kevin Maher, Jaquel Knight,
Who needs clothes when you have sandals and libations?
Paris Won't Forget You Either.
you are my inspiration I love you with all my heart I'm very orgullozo you're my idol
Loved reading the #summertimehack essay by Kate Pruittin newspaper. Good job everyone, you can feel the love you put in it.
ART TIME PUNKS now available at The Daily Planet Bookstore ! www.thedailyplanetbookstore.com
thank you for the update, happy to hear Devon was able to take care of you, sorry for the numerous contacts
"Teenagers are either drunk, stoned, texting, having sex, or asleep." I find that offensive. some of us like to eat too, you know.
E:60 NFL draft ... didnt know Luck and RGIII both got drafted to Stanford as freshmen. "Talent respects talent"
are you getting high off glitter again??
welcome aboard! looking forward to working on things together!
That's me! I'll have him send you guys invites
Oh no... What was the interview for? I'll look it up.on YouTube...
hey I know u will never notice but you would rock my world if you would please follow me back your so cute and funny <33333333
i'm so fucking annoying.
Never a better way to start the day than with Starbucks <3
Don't forget to RSVP in advance for tonight's program - 'I Wanna Go Viral' with Brandon Faris of $5 for Non-Members who RSVP!
Check out our Facebook page and look at our pictures from #IfAllofRoch #DebraDean Scavenger Hunt last Friday
and : Kudos to you both you are an example to the world, on what matters most: supporting each others dreams
Me either! RT : I can't wait til the new season starts!! :)
Its funny how long relationships last, just like old stories, they're a thing of the past...
i'm out
Why do babies jump on your bladder. #I'mgoingtopissmyself
Just watched no strings attached for like the 100th time. Ashton is also a #guiltypleasure Those eyes! Believe every word.
happy bday ddub! Happy hump day!
follow back?(:
omfg the only people that reply to my tweets are people that are trying to sell me something i immediately regret being born
you're still newish within MSP so it's cool. Glad you're influential-ness is growing!
can't wait! U goin in lol yea rite!
Congrats to our whole team! Street team and fans! We are signing a Production deal with one of the best producers in the world this Sunday!
It gets touched, broken, stitched, re-opened, infected, then eventually turns black forever.
Double R & Nicole wnt EVERYBODY TO GO TO Swigs North tonight for some dudes bday but 1st go to CoCo Lounge for Happy Hr/Networking!
wanna watch The Hunger Games again!!!!
good stuff!
And it's not like they're doing anything weird in the picture...but there's just this overwhelming feeling that you should hit them.
What a dull press conference that was......
minimum wage increases would throw a huge roadblock in the path of local economic recovery
Why do i like you so much
worst fans? Or the most fans that just don't care? Because I'd say the worst fans award goes to Toronto.
Listening party for the new Jack White album with free Austin's Pizza today at 6pm
jammin 2 ......i love you guys you inspire me so much!!
Woo NBA hypocrisy!
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
Been there,,, very sorry for your loss. Stay strong. 100
I love the way Americans spell! I even say see instead zed (:
Just did! Hope you will do the same!
$28,000 left to reach our year-end goal TODAY! Never given? Your $25 is doubled by Hyde Challenge- reply now or visit WFGM.org
. Yes! Super excited. A little anxious. Stomach in a knot.
": Yo mama's so ugly, she has to trick or treat over the phone"
you keep replying to yourself
No less than three garter snakes and I scared each other in the garden today. Forget robins. Spring is here!
Looks like our #TXScotRiteAccessLux meeting will need to be rescheduled due to
I am. I'm cooking for my senior project presentation tomorrow
Let someone else say something to me a swear on my grave, I will kill someone... I don't need this bullshit
Don't let people from your past hold your present hostage and control your future. Allow yourself to laugh, love, & most important...live!
#OomfNeedsTo talk to me more often!
If i die today id live on threw the seeds i planted in others and the love of my true friends and family so why fear wut must happen one day
Cheers to the freakin' weekend?
what's ur number
u asked ur mom remember movies
At the show with Anisa : D
Happy to announce that we just finished working on a landing page for Geneva Worldwide. Take a look! The folks at Geneva Worldwide were gre…
needed to do some meetings tuesday & Wed in NYC...can I crash??
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: right lane closed on North 183 at MLK
Chooch knocks in another run and it's 5-1 going to the bot. of the 5th.
It's just like Paul Simon sang: "Facebook don't take my electronically-applied Kodachrome filter away and give it to everyone, I'm special."
Lot of ppl don't want 2 give credit to Pats bcuz they won on missed FG. But no1 wants to tlk about how Giants won on a dropped punt return.
not a problem!
over what? Sarah Phillips?
We're currently closed for installation! Join us for the opening reception of Rolf Koppel: Willing on Wednesday, February 15 from 6-8pm.
im holden im 41 kilometers..... Really not grams
About to start my late class... Ugh
lol they have a surgery for that now. And no girls Bitch on a constant
- Hey, was this Tremolo Productions? Been working w/them at MOCA for PST. Super sweet folks! SO. HAPPY. YOU'RE. HERE.
This carmello contract deal is getting ridiculous. can Denver just trade him so we can stop hearing about it?
Today I only want breakfast foods. I just had a bowl of cereal for lunch.
“: Winners accept responsibility and achieve results. Losers blame others for their own failures.” LOVE THIS!!
Leadership teams should not use terms like "ensure" and "secure" etc
Sir Ken Robinson "school bleaches out differences and works to create conformity"
Disney Launches | Box Office India : India&#39;s premier film trade ...
Is it possible to get high off of soda??
Dang! I already left! I would have hung out if I knew you were #DTF. Lol “: I'm at DTF (Downtown Fremont St) w/ ”
That's lovely. Now make my phone stop freezing.
also u r very beautiful, he is a lucky man. I would love to debate this with u in a calm way. But I know that will not be.
What new albums/music coming out in 2011 are you excited about?
dear twitter, you're amazing just the way you are. if perfect's what you're searching for then just stay the same! say no to the
little kids are so cute when they pretend to read, the toddlers pointing at words... warms my heart
Back in Ann Arbor. And I think I'll actually be here for a few weeks--no more July travel on the schedule. Amazing.
I don't even use this term but that tyga I'm faded go so hard in the club and and can attest to that!Listening now
I'LL BRING THE TAPOUT SHIRTS!
I probably need to start unpacking my stuff. :/
can you say, "manufacturer returns"? unless they have a really big bargain bin...
When u find out please let me know!
Hi all did you check out our website yet www.createmoneyweb.com
yeah u gon definitely have to gimme some time, my joint grows SLOW
Hi Tucker! Love to see this photo! Hope we'll see each other on set soon.
hahahahahahahahhahahah. omg i just died.
yes, are you? And me too I don't want to go but there's only two more weeks left:-))
It's not too late, #TFC. You can still cancel your friendly with Liverpool and save your season.
#GoodMorning I am the new definition of AIRPLANEMUSIC.
Tomorrow is the BIG day! What is everyone doing for NYE? I still have some tickets and tables left for you laggers!!
Anyone know where I can get Chinaco Anejo in north cputh san diego?
I love Harris Teeter and Kroger stores. Hands down, beats anything New Mexico has in terms of grocery stores. #Albertonson'sugh
The are hosting tonight!
I love seeing Austin friends and in Best Worst Movie
a good effort. Pls let me know how we can help if necessary to make this a reality. Civic Works isn't enough.
I will have to endure. (sweating)
Welcome our newest raven jacoby jones!!
don't matter where you rank pre season ya fruit.... and I you gonna cheer you gotta
Love that TWEET!!
I want Casey Seimaszko for Houdini.
Nati bound for the concert.
I've never been so mad in my life. My sister is such a bitch.
Good morning! World Champ talks about this 2012 Bulls team as we enter the playoffs & don't 4get 2 wear red! See you at 6am!
Those were words last year after ripping me for defending Yuni B after he swung at a first-pitch meatball.
lol I was joking.. but it's still not true.
Quana don't even know yet
My Dad
Careful driving out there today! Suspended dust and smoke over the Valley, from Arizona, may impact your vision on our roadways
Well yeah... Sabrina and I would kick it out in the streets if it didn't like
"Done is better than perfect." Of course it is! How can you build new innovations off of an existing one without it gettin 'done'?!?
What's up with Oklahoma City ? Huge chunks of empty courtside seats for tonight's game with Blazers. Shuda stayed in Seattle.
Let us know what kind of deal you'd like to see on our site! What restaurant, shop, or service would you love to be able to save money at?
let's burn some candles ! haha imma be with Juana in a bit. let's see what's up !
I shall text you
RIP Don Cornelius
i'm so freaking hungry man i wanna go home and make me something to eat ugghhhhhhhhhhhh why i gotta be here until 6:30
One week till spring break :)
today kinda blows.
