Woot. RT : Will do! Only a little over an hour until TACO PIZZA!
I love hearing Morgan State marching band from my house. They're practicing "Last Friday Night" right now.
happy friday my.baby.girl!!
The clap is easier to get rid of
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones ~Theodore Roosevelt
Its such a lovely day today! Chilling in the garden! #SunShine <3
Tomorrow is going to be so boring
I fucking hate you.
RT : SXSW kicks off for us today with speaking at #precommerce summit. Let the festivities begin!
Back in Tim Horton country!
Thanks for the shout out DHA! <3
thank you :D
Hope your Saturday was spectacular! Had another day-cation with the hubs at the Riverwalk ~ Downtown San Antonio!
Today i had a talk w/ the sex doctor ( fliccRozay ) lbvs . He sware he know everything .
cocaine? !!!!!:-) i hope its cocaine jk
ill never understand this teams struggles against Charlotte! Every game!
So excited about all the new fans! Welcome everyone!
had a gud time 2day but da weekend needs 2 come faster
Ariana Grande is our angel that wears red lipstick and a flawless face❤
Happy hunting!
April is always da worst month
The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time. -- Abraham Lincoln
Snow storm 2012 hit me hard tonight, Fred meyer's was totally out of ground beef for tacos. I love tacos and I can't have any. So sad...
Hate when my son is sick he's so not himself
#GirlsShould learn to keep there legs closed and #guysShould learn when that bitch is a bad idea #teamfollowback :) haha real shit
what's wrong w whatsapp?
what app is that?
Thanks for the #Follow last week!
oh I def will :D
#bookexpo RT Inviting you to my cocktail hour in one of those construction across from Javtiz. Bring your own lighter fluid.
Both, I think! And well put, sir.
Have a lovely birthday!
so many heroes, right here among us. proud to be a New Yorker, today and every day.
talk to the silver fox that's how we got longboarding allowed
Doing math on online discussion forums leads to impressive data visualizations by Sean York
There's a breeze in my house but there's no window open. What and why is that? Little creepy.
Are you gluten-free? We carry a gluten-free and low-sodium soy product!
We are excited to have Spanish student interning with us this summer. Welcome Leyre!
Is one of the things Baltimore excels at in the arts is serving as an incubator? Is that setting our sights too low, or should we own it?
Gallardo pitching his way out of the rotation for the playoffs. Would much rather see Wolf in tense games than the
Perfect way to start off the year - NFL Game Day
So excited for what is in store for Natalie's Pageant Closet 2012!!!
no problem :)
Well just had an aud for "chevron" today. Fingers crossed and lets hope I book it.
Time to practice!!!
agreed, let's get the third out before they score.
Tryin to a stat up
I have been a stay at home mom, raising 4 children. I would love to see the President do that!
Is Ringo really gunna eat that!? Double-decker deluxe cheeseburger with O-rings on it looks more like a Jenga puzzle ready 2 topple.
its a little after 4 am and im still up
A new program for the preschool crowd that builds successful learners and lessens aggressive behavior. Better than bandages.
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
#SABPremiere Watching switched at birth! :D let's all get #SABPremiere trending.
Will our children mostly eat from food trucks?
Star wars day lolpawl < avengers
call an ambulance for me quick 🚑
payday will be worth all these broke nights I stayed up...
Your life is infinitely creative and the Universe is bountiful Put forth a clear request and everything your heart desires will come to you
Why the fuck isn't my (neighbors) wifi working???
Some 10 year old told me to fuck off...
#Jamba Juice has a great buy 1 get 1 for a $1 in Valpak this month! Be healthy and happy while saving $$ all at once!
haha! There is always more to learn. :)
At the 48th Fund Assembly for attorneys! #VideosAreRockin!!!!
State Attorney Lawson Lamar says #hazing cases "will not be prosecuted in the media." Adds "this is not theater."
The bathroom at this place is fucking horrible.
It was better than Superman, X-Men3, Spider-Man 3, and of course better than the low budget flicks like Dare Devil etc.
#CTY changed my life. For the first time I was just average. Every day challenged me in the best possible way.
Haha! Love it :)
Steve Nobel gave great presentation 2nite to ASID at Kravet Dallas re:exceeding client expectations!
So i look at the bottom of my screen.. and there is an ad for psychologists in orlando. . What am i doin wrong lol
Screening of Academy Award winning documentary about to begin !
Always supported them & will continue to! RT truman thanks for your support for the little league you always do a awesome job!
Anyone here partnered with YouTube?
I know this is RANDOM...but I am still mourning the loss of Ms. Whitney Houston -- the Voice of my generation for sure. RIP sister.
Princelilshun summited a song Look At Dis Dude check me out
Lots-o-Activities today here on Kauai! #CharityWalkKauai Pre-Walk Event #MayDay @ Kauai Museum + #CincodeMayo & #BoysDays Fun!
IM pumped up like Arnold!!
Have you voted for SAC Chair? Voting closes 9 pm tomorrow!
i agree! might be the best class i've had so far!
we have joined twitter!
hahahahah omg no.
Just told my new boss, "Welcome to your highest level of incompetence." In all seriousness, I'm thrilled he's my new boss.
shoutout to , you should follow him! :)
very cool
I guess this is why i love twitter so much. I can rant and rant.
Congrats to our hometown favorite on being
I have never LMFAO because that's anatomically impossible.
we r open tonight for some kereoke fun.....we've got the dj from nino's down here doin her thang!
1 game, big deal!
I turn my phone off for half the day..I don't txt anybody.
morning sunshine
is delighted and happy that he booked the principal role on the BBC Television Series The Fugitive Chronicles. I start shooting tomorrow.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese
Can I just live my life with out all of that and you.
Join us for the "Halloween Cutefest: Puppies on Parade" on 10/29, 3:30 by the dog park. Cookies, cider, dog treats! Pooches in costume!
That was the longest fucking movie ever!! But was really good.
Live racquetball internet show tonight. Sunday-July 31 at 8pm CDT. Go to www.racquetballjunkie.com
And we will play for #8!!!!
im mean. if it wasn't for women, men would probably still be playing with a wheel in his cave. we do everything for the ultimate women>
What a contradicting statement.
RT : So is Stone Sublimely Self-Righteous but I'm guessing you knew that ME:Haven't had it in 4 years so I'll have to revisit
Oh, if a MAN had said it, it would be an immediate punch to the groin.
Will do Spence.
: okay fine whatevs
-- they'd just find somewhere else to go. Where there's a will, there's always a way.
Idk why Wade even thinks about shootin jumpers
Plohetski: We are in San Leon. Much destruction in this small fishing community south of Houston.
now i'm looking at the horses! Daddy Long Legs and Daddy Nose Best are related. I assume Daddy Nose Best is the cokehead horse.
Looking good!
No it doesn't. I have no idea what happened, but it does seem there was racial profiling involved.
I'm
finally got the tape.had to send twice,so you should have it this weekend..I have been so busy..and my tools were at the exs
I don't believe we were put together not to be together. I don't believe there's anyone out there that'll love me better.
I still battle the chaos daily. Like right this second. :-)
: You got me hooked too! This looks amazing. Well played, Scholastic, well played.
Are YOU coming to class tonight??? "like" this post if you are!
you ought to teach a class to some of these females out here! Keep preachin!
think of the children
Thanks for the support Toby!! Much love..
Strong Mexican ~ is amazing fan in Mexico. Arturo deserve best tweets from are amazing.
Hell yeah! Crank it but don't be shy on the bass!
I just realized, I never ate lunch. Thank you headache for reminding me!
I learned a lot from hearing read her competitive erotic Dora The Explorer fan fiction entry at tonight's show
RT : i swear i just saw miss celie in the chambers... #JobsNow [u know u goin. w/gasoline draws & a glass of Shug Avery pee]
Gorgeous! I'm going to have to follow you on shopping trips to steal your purse-karma.
ugh today was a rough day.
It was a Redman album from the early 90's. His best work by far.
you my nigga envy do you think #PIL2 album didn't sell well because i didn't have diss records? because its a great album!
I swear, everybody has. I know I have!
I look up to Jeremy Lin. hahah
Yes! At the Real World Conference. Are you in ATL?
We are so proud of all of you guys! Keep going!
I wouldn't trade you for the world, you are my dream that has come true
cruise got postponed
#DontFollowMeOnTwitterIf you are not a positive person. We are all about positivity, creativity, love, and fashion!
You're more open to creating change then staying stagnent when you are not in a comfortable position in life. Think about it.
“: The perineum is called a 'taint' because iT AIN'T one thing or the other.” This qualifies as a "Fact?" Hm....I smell a rat.
yeah! A fried of mine is visiting Van right now and checked in this morning off Granville.
not a chance. In fact, I should really swing by the office when I get back tomorrow...
I've been pretty good. Just been working :) when are we hanging out, neighbor?
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. - James Crook
Tonight, We take cabs.
At least I stand behind my words and not an anonymous Twitter handle.
Thanks for the great pizza today. Excited about keeping touch as we both take over
#lilwayne said.. If its 1 thing u learned from me its "Do U" cuz we all know its not what U Do its how U Do it
in a word: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack. Loving it but I miss being able to breathe. How're you, madam?
Jamie Dimon (JPM) Feb. 15 on regulators: "They make trading sound like someone's sitting there, guessing." Today: So much for that!
Learning responsive design!
Mike Conley just sealed the game with a sprint
hey! Doing 365netflix too! (via facebook) watch "Convoy" it is made.same year.your '78 stash was born
I have shed many a tear as well but I think I am done...Although ask again after a really bad day that may be a different story
I don't feel like studying. Sigh :'(.
yea kinda..
I cant seem to fall back asleep.... wonder why *looks over at <__<*
yes, it stands well enough on its own. Having seen the other movies adds flavor but isn't necessary
It always seems impossible ... until it's done. ~Nelson Mandela
opps, forgot the #genealogy #ff the new
Fish are are friends not food....except dolphins. They think they're so cute.
“Their devotion, their valor and their sacrifice will live forever in the hearts of their grateful countrymen.” - General John J. Pershing
Goodbye beautiful, sunny, warm Florida... Hello bittercold, windy, almost snowing North Dakota! Break was amazing, I love my Florida fam!
Is EVERYONE on Twitter drunk? WTF is going on??? ... lmao
James Harden is on fire tonight!
looking good man!
Haha well then that sucks.
I'm sure you miss the NY pizza
'American Idol' Performance Finale: We're Live-Blogging Now!
you gotta follow me back for dm haha
What defines YOU?
I think you need to petition the Steelers front office for a starting #FB position.
I'm exited for shiny shoes! Thank you! Off to Lego Land soon!
I want you back....lol jk I got better
I am stronger because I know my weaknesses. I am wise because I know I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness.
"I need to get in shape." "Round is a shape..." Lmfao.
Ozzie: coaches happy to be able to work with a guy like Streeter
When you think about me do you think about seventeen?
Walking my dog at six am #highlightof myday
RT I wanted to text you but, then I remembered we don't talk anymore. -This makes me think of and someone....
Danny great question! Basically, as long as they announce it beforehand it has been held constitutional
get better! You must meet Will. I miss you and Mary miss her gay uncle?
be sure to make me skinny in the poster.
just call me the mad Hungarian!
Have the day off? What better to do then come to the Anchor Bar!
Who do you think you are, I am!!!
#GoTribe Jason Kipnis is hurt on my game so I brought up Cord Phelps
Why are my toes cold :-/
you know...
WHAT'S GUCCI YOU HEARD THOSE BEATZ WE SENT YOU!
that doesn't happen in the girls bathroom?
perhaps email or phone communication would work better for in depth talk.
1 May 2012 - Robert L. Peters
You guys should play 's song 'Can't Stop' or 'California' c:
It is ICA's final concert of the season: join us on May 23 at 4PM at St. Gregory the Great Church at 5535 N Paulina St, Chicago, IL 60640
Meeting with my production team on Monday to start attaching my main actors to my film "Characters".
I've found the urban/cultural centers of the south charm me. I want to bring silicon valley with me here.
No no no MT | Peyton Manning will become the next quarterback of the Denver Broncos, barring unexpected snag in contract talks
Ian is so cute
It's #tweetmob time w and 6 to 6:30pm - tag/follow #gigs4good to join in! (And get your tickets!)
Scottsdale has average temperatures of 70-80 degrees, it's amazing!
sorry somehow missed this pm :(. Keep up the great work we'll have it on our radar! Feel free to post links w us
I want some hot stuff baby this evening. I need some hot stuff baby tonight!
Another event-filled weekend in Boston. Great people doing great things. Who will I run into this week?
Volstad should be pitching a shutout
Great to meet with the City of Seattle project team today. Thanks for your support.
Just followed a lot of friends I thought I was already following (How's that for a sentence that wouldn't exist 10 yrs ago?)
cough cough what do you mean?
im like wtf is this thts y i fuck with twitter
Everybody eat bread
On use of metrics: MT : Dominance of single measures, what do decision makers do with these numbers? Are they actually used?
Leaving the practice arena, heading to bed. Been a long but awesome day. Love you all
Thanks for following! You're amazing!
Watching #CNN #Syrian Special now. Important. Tune in.
Keynes and John Terry in the same sentence. Wow.
I need to make a check list of things I need to do before Prom Saturday.
Just tried with my class. Next time: fewer options. Being able to *see* their choices is a good thing.
Aw! That's wonderful!
Its about time!!
Watch your dirty whorish mouth!
The Cosby Show was like my family in a sense. My daddy was a cook cause he cooked CRACK and my mama was a chaffer cause she transported it
Why hasn't put Jackass clips on Beavis&Butthead yet!? It's a no brainer! Get on it!
where were you when I was playing MW3 an hour or so ago :)
Go to ShowYourLoveSD.org if you care about San Diego and what it will be like to work, enjoy, live and learn here in the future.
Les Cayes Trial continues ... RT Audience at trial is very emotional.. They're being asked to leave the premises/courthouse
I had a great day on the set of VICTORIOUS working with such talented young actors..It's gonna be a fun week!
shout out for shoutout?
I WILL NEXT TIME JUST LET ME KNOW BUT STOP AT QUICK IT ON DA.WAY LOL
DEAL!! Back at you!!
Hey Caroline, great seeing you last night! Thx for the iPhoto mac guide, looks great. Do you have an online version?
RT : The gift and the curse of Russell Marbury we are seeing it all on display....😂😂
Congratulations to the Food Allergy Foundation Mother's Day Food Allergy Mom of the Year for Canada Jennifer Roberge, founder
Why's it always gotta be left v. right?
Nothing like playing shit in your neighbor in a work meeting to see who can leave early.
can you make me a sandwhich?
up and down... up and down.
am in DC. will talk with Suzie when I have some downtime... that is not today.
More than Octavius and Mark Antony By this vile conquest shall attain unto. So, fare you well at once; for Brutus' tongue
#SeaWorldSanAntonio re-opens today! I always enjoy this day. Come out and say hello.
Thank you for making the Jewrican so much fun!!! I hope you dont get your Spanish and Hebrew all mixed up now ;)
Greg Hunter has Mike Quackenbush for a sitdown interview. Mike mentions that he's been one of the longest reigning champions.
Oh, that's wonderful! I'm way South here. Everything bloomed, then it got hot: ninety degrees! Cool now, tho. Frost 2nite!
Your years of education, research, deductive reasoning help you figure that one out Dr. Feeney?
Its #Jersday Season 4 jersey shore tonight on
RT : Nope sorry. It's not considered a "figure hugging" dress if a skinny twig is wearing it.
Girls are always saying how they are getting treated badly. Well, stop falling for the boys and start looking for a man.
What's everyone doing tonight for new years?!
Goodmorning twitter in a good mood :)
Take the hint! I keep rejecting your friend requests for a reason!.
Overeem's lawyer: Overeem intentionally withdrew from UFC 146 out of respect for his body. And respect for the fans.
Just pawned them off on lafey! Sucka
Dude your follower count will hit over 10k by the end of the week, bank on it lol. Anyway I can get a follow before you blow up lol
I love Terry O'Quinn, but premise reminds me of show that ABC tried a few seasons ago about the rich family.
Addicted to Jackass movies =))))
wanna hangout?
I do mind because you said you liked me and all this shit and now ya like other people -_____-
I'll be home in an hour.
It's amazing how a night can go from great to horrible in no time.
happy birthday! 10
my point being: she was walking around the whole time like she had just gotten "married".
It was another fun night of talking about the issues in
Thanks for the fast FB!
nightmare on ill street...
Home! Have a rest finally ♣
Why yes, that is some metal on the airwaves of , courtesy of 's Aaron Turner.
My tweet didn't sound right. Who cares what it is about I meant
#CFC taken to the cleaners
If #oomf was taller, I would have taken him up on his offer. ;)
hm...youthful? i doubt any of them will "outgrow" their racism.
Here we go...pick is in!
"music's the only thing that makes sense anymore man. Play it loud enough, it keeps the demons at bay"
I wish my professor taught class outside on beautiful days.
I just want to be happy 💋
I just want to cuddle <3
what Are you talking about I'm black?
Egypt Proved Change Is Possible, Sexy and Cool!
sounds like ya got a new man friend
Thank you father for opening the dishwasher just in case i wanted to do the dishes. How thoughtful of you.
SO depressed about The Mikey Show :( now what??
Ryan Ludwick strikes out like it's still 2011.
About to crush it at the gym
Let it snow let it snow let it snow! :-D
Photographer Michael Peterson shooting here at R2K Studio Today...Followed by Omar Gomez one of our awesome co op renters!
Ended class today with before and after pics of Sammy Sosa
I appreciate the s/o big homie
RT : Breaking Al Arabiya: Official in Nicaragua Presidency: We shall offer asylum to Gaddafi #Libya #Feb 17
#Inception should have won best orginal screenplay
The wind is really freaking out me and the cats! What is going on?!
The Statue of Liberty will close Oct. 29 for a year-long makeover to add stairways and upgrade the interior facilities.
RT Here's some fun news for #bendsalmonrun racers—Brew Dr. will be providing free Kombucha to all racers at the finish line!
Good game! Demos you guys did your best! Demo splash gang!
Not a real good idea to watch DVR while the storm is thunderstorm warning is happening.
I miss twitter. ima tweet all day!
Plain White Tees like RIGHT outside my hotel? #whhaaatttt?
Thanks. I never listen but I hear its not remotely entertaining/informative anymore. I wish them luck however.
still not on the lakers level.... They good but it's all about LA
I don't look like my age
“: Love: Lady Garden v. Vagina (via ) #Mom2Summit” and So funny she said it on CNN . Lol
no moved here got a job and just living
Just sound checked and getting ready to go on!! Get on down to one under in Livonia for a great party!!!
Oh man some people are just so desperate.
A couple that runs together stays together. But more like if hubs keeps making good food, I'm never leaving him.
I need food, where are the doritos?
So much going on in FL this time of year. Send us info on your upcoming events
he's been trying to find ways to annoy me but he hasnt done so yet. :)
I hate when that one person at work asks "what are you eating?" as if yogurt is some foreign food. Next time I'm going to answer "baby vomit
GO TO GOOGLE
Study Shows Link Between Soda and Heart Disease - 93.1 WIBC Indianapolis
Remember the Hashtag for tonite is #wherecamptb2012 it's going to be a great night!
Thank you Jake! RT : really digging Suno Suno, great job!
Begin the countdown to the start of an amazing weekend. Where will you be boozing for Cinco de Mayo & the Derby? We'll send you a $1 drink!
aww i guess #himym will never be honored the way it should be at
I might be there so hit me up if you go.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start...*
It would appear someone built Camp Magic MacGuffin in the middle of a tundra biome. What an idiot.
Thanks. Bungees - all the rage now. :)
I was just squinting at the tv wondering if you were there. Bummer.
Please follow . she follows back and she's a Directioner. thanks! :)
CHEWY WE LOVE U ctfu!!
If Grill walks in a run, we are going to lose.
Google Docs, your API is incredibly frustrating right now.
mmmmmhhhmmm.......63 more days for your twinkie
Ok cool, I'll give that a whirl (literally). I love kale.
hey on your Y Scottsdale times, add Sunday mornings from 8-12 it's free to get in and play hoops, 2 courts of 4's
Thank you! ♥ All love to you ♥ ♥Bretana♥
I dont like saying no i think it hurts peoples feelings.
looking awesome!! how were the celebrations?
thank you!
Who got 2k 12 for the ps3 nd stay in neely hall
You're welcome! Happy Friday!
Are you in LA or the Midwest?
I beat the beat the beat uh uh uh uh uh lol
Kids in the ACM school all complaining today about snow on the first day of their spring break. But that's why we love Chicago! Right??
Did he look angry?
But why they're playing the Bonanza theme over and over again, I'll never understand.
Prez of King City #Teachers Assoc testifying on AB 1858, concerned about high interest district pays on state loan. How does this help kids?
My 2 favorite things together, and Nascar. It's going to be a great weekend. :)
All the pervs are all over the 7 days of sex trends. Haha ;)
Now tweeting from my Kindle Fire.
Question is . . . who cares and at what multiple?
I love nights when you can wear shorts.
Anybody got footage of that Lawrie meltdown?
Sorry you won't get the #Coyotes, #Canada. Instead, enjoy your parting gift. Darren Pang.
twitters kinda cool lol.how do I make friends?
talk to she said the exact same thing. Work hard. Study hard!
The "absolute" is the realization of Autonomous Identity. Ratio. The circumference to the diameter of the soul.
She be actin' like a grump today.
in answer to your question. Israel gets their oil by paying for it.
stop tanning
What do you think about the phrase: "Moving and shaking." What does that imply?
thanks darlin!!! Xo.
High waters an busted sandals <<<<<<<<<<<
Looks like Kloppenburg just picked up votes in the latest count - appears to be up by 350.
Thanks for lunch ! A pleasure as always. Some great ideas and conversation.
": smashed da fuck out of them salads" YEA, I DID IT!!!
Twins fans wait out the rain! Our very own Daphne Adato is at the ballpark. Listen for her report at 1pm on WCCO Radio!
i don't think its ur piss that smells like that.... lol
Thank you! You too, great app!
Thank you, my brotha! I'm bummed, but looking forward to getting home! Let's keep in touch!!
hopefully the Jags as a franchise choose to follow his lead and announce their retiring from the NFL
Already got the worries part down pat--bring on the success!
via Manuel A. Mendez To all my dreamers. Own it this year! Its your dream no one else.
Having a blessed day, hope you're having the same facebookers.........
. Health risks from recycling...sometimes you just can't win. Back to the drawing board.
He who asks a question is a fool for a minute; he who does not remains a fool forever. -Chinese Proverb
I need to stop getting so worked up about all this stress.. It could be ten times worse. Still
I'm voting for Tony Luca on The Voice who you voting for?
Everything changed ... People en masse were getting involved and the great and inspiring MLK had emerged from his pulpit. - James Farmer
Do you have a favorite band? Let us know who it is!
sometimes we can be consumed with the need of being responsible for what's not our responsibility
Seeking a Career in Broadcast Technology/Engineering? Sign Up Today for the NABEF Technology Apprenticeship Program. Reg. Deadline is 2/15.
ideas without execution aren't very good ideas. <3 me
Love the M&M commercial
Sad the collection of the architect who designed UTSA's campus is at UT Austin, but so happy that they emailed sketches of his design to us.
“: Ahh please keep the #F1 facts coming - in severe F1 withdrawal, and can't wait to see the new car!! :)”
This morning our intern hit the road with LAHSA's Emergency Response Team!
Thanks, #2011cmc, for the tour Enjoyed meeting , seeing where the Tiny Desk Concert magic happens. Now, back to work.
check out his tweets. he has a contest going on 2 put 3 fans on his site & feature their work or what they do for a living.
Question about #peackeeping mission in South Sudan. How does the mission function in a situation where all out war might break out?
These girls are hard work.
Any tweeters still livin in the fb world request the Art Stormm Show! Neva disappoints...but isn't that the point?
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
Britney Spears -- New York Bound for 'X Factor'
our philosophy as well, don't get it twisted
Anyone else having #frontier internet issues?
"So how much does it cost to make a QR Code? Couple hundred bucks?" Yes, and I will sell you the QR Codes.
It's Friday - set your spurs and ride 'er into the weekend!
Soo mad for no reason
I can already see Austinites coming out from hiding from the heat of summer and getting outside! This weather is why we live in #Austin !
Tomorrow I will drink the he-brew. Today is all about the Manischewitz. Purple power.
Hey there, (MrPoliquin), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
He just spit back inside my ice cream ugh I'm good
This is a push business! Push and drive! It's push push push, all the way, all the time, right on down the line!
yes i do
Just found out that has a Twitter. The fanboy gods rejoice.
just booked a segment on Better TV (FOX) for client, Eat Your Heart Out Catering
That's awesome! Is the screenplay a horror or another genre. Do you direct as well?
Returned from Lexington: beautiful yearlings, wonderful people, and not too much rain! Good times!
Who wants a free photo session? At 200 likes I am giving away a free session!
I am ok thank you everyone for the concern, Quest will continue in a new location TBA
anyone want me to make them an icon?!?!? just tweet me the pic you want me to edit and i will(: #bored and avoiding homework-__-
you are very welcome!
Home Depot. Advance Auto Parts. Build a closet. Fix a car.
: Like your idea. We're doing something similar in #MKE. A photo show of #homeless folks. Hopefully to break stereotypes.
I definitely think the Fire Marshall will take issue because she is smoking hot as usual.
And now the great panda sleeps...
getting fit doing sit-ups.
The 6th comment to reply to this status update will win a pit pass to the KICKER EL PASO ARENACROSS......HAPPY COMMENTING.....
in the studio with
Happy Hour now with 2-for-1’s on everything ‘til 7, and $10 tap beer special tonight. Put your party pants on people!
sweet hope to see you later
Just saw Avengers for the second time with my mom & my 2 bros.. That movie was too epic!!
It would be honor if you foll0wed me? Please :)
Thank you!
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz TONIGHT from 8-11pm!
Today is National Stalker Awareness Day. Its time for all of those Stalkers out there to make sure you know they care..alot
gr8 game 2nite Brandon! You really had that runner floater goin! one day maybe ull be as good a shooter as me
I don't understand how some umpires can pull off their uniform so well.. #doIhavetowearthisinpublic?
she has bad fake eyelashes on. Someone should tell her to lighten up on the glue.
Just received my completion report for my 25th birthday campaign in 2010. So exciting!
Offered tater tots as a side for my burger instead of fries. New one on me! Thanks Lunchbox Laboratory!
you can delete this tweet now if you want, lmfao.
On board Virgin America--feel like I'm on Soul Plane...
I know I should stop reading The Chronicle, but I can't look away.
Wisdom is know what to do next virtue is doing it.
How could I not like having your soft lips sliding up & down on my hard cock Michelle! xoxo
word!!! T.G.I.M. Thank God I'm Mexican
Only work Thursday Friday and Sunday this week. Who wants to party?(:
WATCH: Kurt Cobain and the French Go Offline Amid Cyberattack Big City: What Do Career Women Want?
Right On
Why are Australians so damn hot. These Hemsworth brothers are just. I can't. I can't. Thor & Gale 4 evur.
6:45..a we bit early, but in two hours I'll be done with these crazy exams :D
crazy! what are you doing in houston?
it sounds really good right now. haha
Hoppus On Music better come out on DVD/Blu-Ray.
it may help if i said
is recruiting an e-learning leader for a NY State College:
#ghettotranslations dude reciting poetry on an nyc subway = "can I get a dollar to by some more alcohol my brotha?"
Wouldn"t it be awesome if Red Light Cameras played Edgefest? Voting for local bands starts next week.
FYI I hope OKC wins!
But then--coworkers see me wearing my top hat--they'll know I'm on the way to the can. Must think of better solution.
#thatawesomemoment when you unknowingly save the biggest taco for last. yum
: #sefolosha "the neutralizer from Switzerland" nice!
I don't think I heard the Browns mentioned one time in any off season talk, not once.
totally going to use "literatim" to talk about copy-paste in software development. Thanks for the cool word!
Finally gas prices higher than Chicago.
so gosh dang pumped
stop tweeting and answer your text messages.
Thanks everyone for coming to VIVIDA. Seattle knows how to welcome visiting composers. Also thanks to partners:
COUNTING DOWN THE SECONDS TO JESSIE!!!!!!!!! AAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!! I'm so excited!!! :D <333333333333333333
Actually we're out of space on the tour! But thanks for the promo.
: tell you what.? Lolz
fake my signature?
fix the coverage in dfw...i have no service!
Leadership is knowing that if you wait until you are perfect before you help others get better… you never will.
Sorry I didn't; had to get out asap out of fear for my life
#cnndialogues welcomes from cyberdissidents .org and , who ran for a seat in parliament in Egypt earlier this year.
Yal my birthday is this Sunday!!! ((((:
Screw you miss daisy
Off to Palm Springs to start a 3 week #camera op / sp gig.
We can't believe how great our fans are for sharing our FB iPad Giveaway! Keep them coming! We're well on our way to finding a winner!
I wish you would reply to me, just prove me wrong & make my day.
#Fletcher: "America's Finest City" worked but time for change to "World's Most Innovative City" & back it up...
I Gotta Get Out More Real Tlk
First day back to school at Positive Tomorrows from the 2 week Fall Break!
Awesome panthers/devils game 7 OT. Not rooting for either but I'm nervous.
Looks cool Quinn, think it's time for me to fill out a profile :)
Ugh. I hate Zack Ryder.
yea! We're so glad you liked it. ;)
When you see my face, hope it gives you hell.
It was a good game yesterday, to bad they started down 3-0, lets get them tonight!!!
Stop worrying about people who aren't in your life anymore. There's a reason they didnt make it to your future.
Today is the day. Doors at 6, we go on at 7. See you there!
follow 's cat
don't think he would do well in the bronx. too much pressure there
DJ Chuckie tonight
How did you celebrate your mom yesterday? Share your stories with us!
aw thanks dude;D
my CODY'S ANGELS Braclet Is Showing Aha!!!
I have all this homework to do, then I still gotta exersize when I'm done.
Welcome - looking forward to following you!
oh! Thank you so much. I was consumed by wedding yesterday & forgot to get back to you. :)
ur welcome, have a good day and hope u get to 500 today
also i would be the happiest girl if u re followed me fory birthday on may 1st PLEASE!!!
Don't miss out the chance to see and Jeff Van Gundy at #CoachingULIVE 2012!
#shitDCsays RT : "By now, you've no doubt heard of the hip new craze of wonk rock." - actual email I just received.
- happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday
For an outdoor fundraising walk event
How great and joyful, is Resurrection Day
shorter #SOTU: Obama is #reading BATTLE HYMN OF THE TIGER MOTHER. now go do your math homework, America.
Just having some sushi at dragonfish downtown!!
. You're not talking personal business with 's wife are you? Cause that is O U T out. You can't do that.
Congrats and Michelle!
The JJO run at Dizzy's starts tonight at 730 featuring the legendary Mr. Frank Wess! Hope to see some of you there!
thank you! :)
i don't know how i ended up married to , now working at usc neurology & soon the west la va w/vets from iraq.
What do you call male ballerinas?
That's another good example.
sure, swing by, I'm home. In basement so may not hear door. Text or tweet. Thanks
You're not so good at surprises if you talk about them all the time and post them all over the interwebs.
Real classy Pittsburg...
I will find a way to get my ass to Kent State somehow. Not letting this opportunity go away.
LOVE it!!!
Observe, my slightly younger cohort: these men have shown themselves cowards being due to the nonexistance of scofflaws in the half measure!
Eric Weissman, hole in one 5 north.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🎁
k fuck u pussy
Whoops. I forgot to add an #angst hashtag.
Waiting patiently on that new Queen Bee album,these bum ass bitchz r gonna regret fucking with royalty! Queen Bee 4eva!!
We've got two certified birth certificates to deliver to homeless people! It is very rewarding to help people become self-sufficient.
Can't wait for My Morning Jacket at Red Rocks tomorrow!
Great #Jazz trio gig last night at the Shanghai Bistro Hudson in #Wisconsin. Good times and good players.
I've played v little 08 hu but 27td has gotta be much higher variance
i help u u help me
When do they hand out the award for best sound engineering? I know who isn't going to win.
too early for these jokes. wow!!!!!!( u are funny)
#latimesfob - what is official festival airline and hotel? do speaking authors get discount?
#OneOfThoseAwesomeDays when I am recovering from surgery and my kid is sick and throwing up.
Gotta like what former Badger Jon Leuer is doing to earn minutes for the Milwaukee Bucks.
thanks for the kudos about our branding. Make sure to check out - they drove the brand concept.
Underground is on tonight!! 8:07 at the Wesley Foundation. Tell a friend!
Good morning Shasticians!
Thank you for the tweet!
I hope I get the job at publix!(:
Listening to RINGWORLD by Niven, e-reading AT HOME by Bryson, enjoying both
as long as i get to sell the pony, or donate the pony to a girl who reeeeeeaallly wants a pony.
figures finally become a reality is a dream come true. Four Horsemen have done an incredible job. They were the perfect match for the OSM
just dialogued Acts 18.1-11 n Sean Robinson's sermon wit my kids n wife. Highlight of the day.
what? I think it is funny that I did it twice n 1 night :) hahaha
Sorry. I haven't had a chance to listen to today's show yet.
#FF for the latest & greatest food on your Vegan menu!
Hate is a decease, talent the cure
At Passover my 5 year old cuz opens the book and goes this is Japanese. Then proceeds to sing I'm Jewish and I know it
#Barcelona vs #Real Madrid
BREAKOUT SEASON.
Dear Allergies, I wanna live to be 20 and beyond so please, don't kill me!
haha thunder storms are awesome tho!!!
never took the time to notice demographics, just have enough bandwidth to navigate the masses. Noticed Lego is better 4 little ones
Archival photo comes alive knowing the story about officer Tim & the fated Fugazi performance.
From colleague at LOC via FB: "500 shelves of books need to be transferred... have to come up with the list in 2 hours... is that possible?
remember: education is a social tool
Thanks! We thought it was fitting :).
Today's verbal coupon: Tell your server the words "Twitter Korean BBQ" and we will give you a FREE Edamame Appetizer. Thanks for the follow!
“A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions.” – Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. RT
tomorrow is a big-big deadline day for all 2012 Fringe aritsts!
going to chirch
I have to entertain myself somehow. I'm already bored of looking at pictures of 1 inch of snow.
congrats on the new business. Keep saving the earth one fork at a time!
Thank you Ann! I am happy to be following you as well. I am just trying to figure this out so not posting much.
What's going on at this week? more magic and inspiration? yup!
Thunderstorm and lightening finally hittin fredonia
I swear Isaac had less followers than Jordan like a couple months ago..
Aww that is a cute picture:D
someone come take me on an adventure. Im bored.
Mobiquity Partners With FlightView to Deliver Five-Star Mobile Travel Experience - MarketWatch (press release)
no squares bro...
love how you talk about me on twitter thinking i wont look.
I just made that US History test MY BITCH
Medium rare? Hmm...an aristocrat.
Hi Stephenie, I was wondering if I could film you tonight for a short clip in a video I am making for PRSSASDSU?
I want the Old Facebook Insights back!!!!!
Immensely missing all my friends at my old school, but is starting too grow very fond of my new ones. :D hope I can go on that field trip
Lmao : Telumundo RT : What channel is the game on?
&..IM NOT TO PROUD TO SAY I CRY SOMETIME WITHOUT IT...
Hope everyone had a great weekend!!
I'm sorry & know how you feel. My boys woke up crabby & have been arguing all day. Time for a long walk for mom!
not worrying about hating it. Just worried about the lack of freedom and that I will feel stifled. The Job is at Amtrak!
its going to be amazingly epic! #bourbonfacedonshitstreet! :)
And the results were again pretty impressive
I'm gonna miss my senior friends/:
Great news! Well-deserved.
I wasn't trying to, I just assumed you didn't have a PS2 so you wanted P3P. xD I'm assuming you've already tried Amazon?
Now that the entire metro area has carbon monoxide poisoning, let's pour buckets of water on that fire, shall we? Water on a fire? So smart!
I think retweets people who have no functional knowledge of punctuation or grammar just to annoy me.
FUN FACT: #Pippin was the 1st #broadway show to advertise on TV. "If you liked this min, just wait until you see the other 119 of them!"
A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed. - Henrik Ibsen
hope to see you both there! ;-) there is also the Apple Scrapple festival in DE in the fall!
...and why should it be so difficult to rotate a photo in Facebook?
I know! You always hang out with Jubee and she doesnt like me. Haha.
best boss in the world!
happy to contribute some culture to the twittersphere!
who need beats
RT : More great magicians to follow on
does that mean you like it?
Bout to set up some fire wit
thanks for the #ff...hope you have an awesome weekend too!
long time no chat hope all is going well have a great day
Whoppers taste like chocolate covered armpit
the bulls are falling apart!
can't believe mark got me hooked on jon and kate
Amount of destruction in the third act is comparable, I'd say.
Twitter: the only place where you get excited when a stranger follows you...
Wonder where Justin is, he didn't do his 3am tweets.
Hancock: "Julie was at home. She didn't intend to go out. She never intended to cause the hell these people have gone through."
T-minus 57 minutes....
We'll have to work on that for you!
Nice show Kardashians
CRAZY BUT TRUE.. I LOVE YOU <3
I already follow you! :)
Feeney would be the one to do that too.
ya it has been fun
Just think, if the #Astros had read the writing obviously on the wall in 2006-07 or so and rebuilt, they're probably competitive now.
#1 hit today Asap rocky- wassup
I work for the library, we try and follow what people say about us on Twitter.
Lakers run this!!! Enough said! :D
I can't even try to go to sleep without getting you mad..
Defense rests.
#TweetersOfTheDay: Follow & Mention --> , , & In Your Tweets! THANK YOU! :-)
Two shows down and only 2,136 flyers left to give away! David Lee Nelson...Status Update The Beehive Inn 3:45
Thanks for the follow back lovely woman.
"I will see you on your knees, before the King of Kings," -Devastator, by For Today
Man to daughter (at New Seasons 7 Corners): "those are not organic. Those are the kind he brought and they are no good"
Then again, you might get her son, who is studying art history at the TUM. :-)
I have the biggest smile on my face [:
Choral final -.-
valid point
Happy International Woman's Day! We hold the keys ladies!!!
Aye who cant get on niketalk right now?
just killed it...straight!
Hopefully some changes occur in the next couple of months pretty exited :)
lol.. run now:P~
As a 21st-century librarian, it probably doesn't help that the pencil is likely a smartphone.
Well I got no more truck! Fuck you mom and dad
Name this team/city! Whose logo had a smiley basketball face looking up at a crown which feature the skyline of the city?
GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING, IT'S GREAT TO STAY UP LATE! ;]
Up next is Biz Dev Today presentation by Dave Delaney of DaveDelaney.me and Courtenay Rogers of Bone McAllester Norton
Working on a 60,000 member class action today.
Oxy Mo: Fiberglass Boat
yeah! It was so full! I wish you couldve come!
go on ur messages of myn
thanks for being so considerate
Actually wanted to see JCarter but figured I'd watch on DVD.
Who wants a shoutout for shoutout ?
Good luck w/ the shopping. Merry, merry!
yeah Call of duty - Black Ops
Left & Right, You Won't, and Red Rattles getting underway at the -- come on down!
Im going to go for a run after school everyday
Only God knows what I'm going through.
I ate a half a turkey pot pie before I left my house tonight = ITIS!
In pain hit my arm on some dumb shit -_-
Having a really good day! How's my twitter Fam doing so far?
Great first segment for Pierce Hornung setting the tone early with a couple rebounds and a couple hoops. Rams lead 7-3.
With Tyler , listening to Boyfriend , he likes it <3
Omg Matt yesterday I kept on telling random people I saw on the street to listen to Matt Hunter sing on youtube! :D
We have to start an add campaign - Read Shaedes of Gray. The extra "e" does not stand for erotica.
my wrists are fully slit listening to this fairy talk about his #BLADES I'm sickened
how do I reply to lol??
I'll have another
All time fav
Dang, she told me she really wanted to see you, maybe y'all can catch each other tomorrow.
Just beginning #zaslow "The Magic Room," with a new sense of urgency to read it and an enhanced poignancy to each of his words. RIP.
Struggling. Doing my best.
Dear jasmin you and nick would make a cutee couple! Love your icon pic too tweet me more!
Our September newsletter is out! Read it at www.facebook.com/amli535
I made it on my ipod with this 3D t-shirt maker. Yeah. Bye.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Life will eventually startle us back into the truth of Who we are." ~Rumi
Tragedy Links Those Who Weren't There, Too - Arizona Public Media USA TODAY Tragedy Links Those Who Weren 't There, Too Arizona Public Me
I am chris james..
Finally, twelve years after everyone else started getting accepted to colleges, i am on the acceptance bandwagon
"Engaged Writers/Dynamic Disciplines": faculty preference 4 "alternative" writing in their own disciplines affects how they teach writing.
Just got your postcard back in the MAIL! What could I possibly have done wrong. I need to try again.
LaDo Fitness Program will be offering a Physical Fitness Clinic, in the Houston, Texas and Kansas City, Missouri Area.. Time & Dates TBO...
thanks for the RT Jason! Hope you enjoyed it!
blew your mind!
Glad to hear you liked it! & Tomer do a fine job! RT : Great dinner Bellevue. Lamb gnocchi was awesome
thanks for the retweet renato!!! will return
that's awesome. I'm waiting for pro registration to open up
we might as well fucking get married....we fight like fucking cats and dogs
What Makes A Woman Unstable? Any Comments
My honey is going fishing in the morning with his buddy. I hope he catches lots of fish. Tomorrow night, I will be eating crappie. maybe
Until you believe, you will not understand. Saint Augustine
I don't know but can I get a retweet anyway?
how are you enjoying the new
We finally have a nice day, thankfully - we have had rain, sleet, and snow the last few days. Hope you get sun soon!
Gorgeous day! And the patio is open!
My eye has been twitching all day. Not a good sign.
Completely agree. It's a shame because there are SO SO many awesome stories (plays/people) in baseball
Hey all! We are anxiously waiting for our event dates! More info to come!
been meaning to make a trip there for awhile & finally have the excuse of a job-related conference. thx for ideas!
finally since like 10 years in catholic school i am finally the oldest in the school... but people in wendys are FUCKING WEIRD ..
I can only hope to be that lucky one day.
crazy, but no. it was one of those strange moments. we all freaked out!
anytime white chocolate that's just what I do
Neighborhood 3 unloads TOMORROW at 11PM! If you are able to help please contact Jessica DeRegnier ASAP!
Nice to meet you at B-W game. .. see you soon!
Stay tuned. There's a "little" surprise coming.
bout to get dominated by this workout
instagram is for your phone, you have to have an iPhone or Android :]
bored as fuck right now!!!
hey it me roc how are you doing??? Much more than i thought
Your popover ads make reading on my phone very difficult. Please fix.
Round 2 is looking good! lets see who shoots them them self in the foot!
This nigga is in DENIAL
Thanks for the webinar! Leaving with some great take-away actions.
double... crossed...
God the radio is full of terrible "music"
TY RT Are you a chocolate lover? Read this RT Here is what I've been up to and why haven't tweeted in a while:
Tough luck Kershaw, no W once again
just wanted to remind you that are the cat's meow,and i love yew.
hey! plans will revealed as soon as there is more info
Did you ever think you would want to shower w/a Pop Tart? Wait till you see "My loofah Cookies" You'll be tempted, just remember it's soap
true but still not the worst ;) <3
I think I may be losing it - I actually like them now!
Me too Im questioning which sucks tho so I have never had a boy or girl friend ): Because I just dont know
“: Happy birthday to my lil bro !!! A great year ahead of u!”- thanks dude!
not really, look around you as if you were someone else.
Schedule your workouts just as you would any other meeting/event. After all, isn't exercising just as important as all your other to-dos?
ineed to move
We still can not send out our campaign-payment gateway still down?
Windows 7 RC running pretty solid!!!
way to
#FF offseason NFL inside info & analysis
church &then probably sweet frog :)
No smoke and mirrors, at Mountain Trust we find the best loan for YOUR needs. Call me at (858) 376-1299 for a complimentary loan evaluation.
I love when my friends text me back...NOT!!!
It certainly is - can lead to SM conversations, which can lead to something more! Have a great weekend Deb!
Wind is still gusting to 65 mph...speed limit in stadium is 55 so go figure
Does anyone else have trouble viewing posts with YouTube videos? Ive an iPad and the thumbnail covers the comment like and share buttons
Yeah, San Francisco still exists, ya'll...and it needed medics and journos today.
Good morning!
Nope just a radar gun...
*talks at phone like.in da commercial* "remind me to get a phone you can tell to do stuff like set reminders and shit"
do not judge the twitter skills lol
thnx so much for the rt
Respect people's feelings. Even if it doesn't mean anything to you, it could mean everything to them.
"Believe you can and you're halfway there"
I perceive a highly developed sense of entitlement
where you been.
FREAK MARY PRANTIL CRIMINAL STALKS MARRIED MAN WHO WROTE "CONTROL ROOM"
that's cool. I always keep a coffee filter duct taped to my back Die Hard style, just in case.
eating dinner and watching the draft in the hotel room
True, evidence should come forward. Big truth, this wasn't even going to be investigated in the first place until outcry!
Boston Red Sox, Cannons, Celtics all win. New England Revolution also win including an amazing goal. Perfect professional sports day.
send a message on Facebook and we'll get you hooked up
like from star wars..may the force be with you..today is may the forth be with you hah:D
Yeah it was a joke. LOL I guess they could have Corey Haim take his place. That would be hilarious.
A mother's love....
OMG creeper !
But only could because she held onto the Son of God the One to whom she belongs
how's my hubby
I know it's been a week, but I'm a big fan of your flowcharts. They make copyright kind of fun.
i would like alot more if they didnt have 2 old guys that only talked about chicago teams. cause thats all they talk and fight about
Oh, lord, no more "curators," pls! I see that GiltCity's "senior curator" is offering me a bikini wax and pedicure
thanks for the follow ! :D
wanted to take a 19 year old girl to prom who happened to have a career that was deemed inappropriate and was denied.
Looking for fun & interesting day trips in Iowa during spring break. Suggestions?
Service Technicians Jay Lebica, and Tom Felix are a call away if a issue or questions arise.
It was awesome to hear call the HIAC match for the "End of an Era" match. It was a slobber knocker!!
going to see that animated fetish movie "Boots in Puss"
THAT'S IT!!! Tired of this shit time to restart, revamp, and rebuild.
"I'd rather be hated for who I am than loved for who I'm not"
im tired of hearing excuses based on age
The new side dish menu looks tempting....what's on it that would still keep me on my healthy eating plan?
because I've had bad enough night before I even got started with this, and now it seems like it just got worse
let's try this again, shall we? RT : I think I may have married a carnie *#AwesomeAnnaQuotes*
stories were put to music by The Alan Parson's Project in the Mid 70's songs like The raven, TTHeart google it!
Yeah been on it for 2-3 days so far.
Skin is the tightest organ we have straight up# skin being the shit
only one trick-or-treater last night who looked suspiciously close to my own age.
- yes, it would seem that way... But people (and animal friends) are not always what they seem...
Thank God the weekend is almost here.
yes. your phone on?
streams are the new tv.
It's all over in Orlando! Magic tops Philly 113-100. Bucks two games back from 76ers. Tomorrow Philly plays Indiana.
lmao i fucn know, I always wish they would sell in jars like that marshmallow shit but they dont  i only fux wit doublestuf
I'm starving! D:<
Great idea!
Wish I saw your evite earlier! Would have been nice to see my fellow Canadians. Hope y'all had a great time
Informal economy is untaxed and unregulated. Unfamiliar here because it's smaller here than most places
Champagne Sundays $50 off your first private room between 4-8 PM (Any room of your choice) $5 domestics, $5 Burgers, $5 wings until 9pm.
is that cross stitch?
AFTERHOURS PARTY EVERY FRIDAY AND SAT ST. MAY 15
which is really a Holden Commodore.....
Did you see the beer can chairs??
Finally the #nba2k12 update is in .. Ron artest is now
Knock knock. Who's there? Maker. Maker who? #MakerFaire !!!!
Nice! We still have some gust of wind in Tempe, but it's definitely a beautiful day out. We better enjoy it while we have it :)
Hilarious listening to Dirk Nowitzki getting excited on the sidelines as a guest on the Mavs' broadcast.
When a coach goes out of their way to mention 2 former players, and no reporter asked about them. There is something brewing.
waiting for my dim sum girl
Yes, Sand vball in the rain does sound fun. Guess I can't play in my work clothes tho. BUT offers dry cleaning!?
Congrats to for nailing #NFL trivia: In 1992, James Lofton was the FIRST to break Steve Largent's all-time yardage record.
Takes Maturity!!RT : When ever you have dispute with someone..talk it out, don't walk it out. Good friends are for keepin!
The reasons why we should go to Mars are pretty obvious, but they are not the reason we are not there yet
Hustle hard now, rest later with FRESh cut from
can u please follow me please
Tweeting that thing you told me not to tweet just minutes after you told me not to tweet it.
and made a reather healthy dinner. Currentl resisting the urge to eat a pound of gingersnaps.
you're welcome...!!
Gorgeous day!
Porn companies get at me I wanna do work! :D
Michael Vick can lead the Eagles to a Super Bowl if the chips fall the right way-he's that good by himself
Like forreal...this spider though.
so either way i get to meet Brit! :-)
Can you tweet a photo or two to me so we can see what it's really like there this morning at auditions?
How u women watch those real housewives shows ill never know
Poly vs Digital Harbor tomorrow 2pm at Camden Yards in the championship! Free admission and parking!
ME TOO......ouffffff :D
He looks sad ._.
On my way to the college should be able to get to class
Physicists like to think that all you have to do is say, these are the conditions, now what happens next?
Is there anyone arguing against open access who's not connected to/profiting from a traditional publisher or publication model? Just curious
Thank you!
I hate ghetto ppl
your bus driver drove right past my stop. I ran up and banged on the door. And he yelled at me "stand up" I'm done with MTA.
we will have a limited amount with us at #SOWO this weekend in Helen, GA
Sometimes progress isn't a good thing. :(
Watching "School House Rock!". Yeah, I said it! Genius masterwork of Bob Dorough (music) & Tom Yohe (animation).
*brings out boxing gloves*
Something tells me Delmon Young will still play on Yom Kippur.
Arizona loop hikes: Sedona, Williams, Kingman, Payson - Arizona Republic
🎶🎶 just go head and do the right thing 🎶🎶
I have complete control over the way I feel. Today, I choose to take nothing personally.
Death Rattle For Cutie
But if course. I'm the one that got the Bruery Reserve Society membership. :-)
In the middle of blow drying my hair and the comb broke. If this is any indication of this day, I need to go back to bed...
just in general to spend due to the US money conversion rates, how expensive is it? cant be worse than Manhattan ol
CU Defense cant tackle Carey...he picks up 27 yards before Orms takes him down...broke off many attempts
When an academic has the exact same name as a bodybuilder, googling to find their email address throws up a hilarious set of images.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend That they can tell there secrets to, that won't judge them, 100% REAL!
Ok I guess it's cute to see kids get their free comic books.
Man this bih lady just called me a "wigger" cause I was wearing socks with sandals... that's uncalled for! SMH...
All I want right now is a massage
Nothing like a brief mid-afternoon nap. We dancers must rest our bodies.
from wishing everyone a great 2012. we had a lot of fun in 2011. looking forward to what 2012 will bring.
Big Content Monetisation Ideas for the Little Guy-Justsmellsogood.com By Darren Rowse www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Just painted sheets with the kids at the library to create a set. So fun. It made my Monday!
Tuning into the prayer room at IHOP this morning
Chef Ilan Hall looks like Danny Gokey - AND he can cook!!!
Only a few days left to ensure 2011 goes out with a BANG!!! So Much Pressure.....
fight the power bro!!!!
Thanks! I just posted it!
who does your massages? Does she work by herself or for a company?
was wondering when the west portal may tour is. It is listed on the may page but without a date/time.
They don't play til September, yet I'm pretty sure that the Bears lost today, too.
Worst day ever
Same, but with librarian jobs :(
Markets are over reacting a bit to EU, I think its great news long term. Let Greece and the other non producers fail as they should
haha love it*
Your welcome baby; )
i sound, look, & feel like shit. just fucking dandy. im going to bed, goodnight.
Biggest fears spiders losing someone i love and tree branches<-insider
send me a copy
If you call or text me and most of the time I don't answer.... I probably don't rock with you.
I don't know why that doesn't make sense to everyone else.
PLEASE PLEASE GET ANOTHER GOAL PLEASE
I pass this sign that tells me I'm 69 miles from my exit. I giggle every time I pass it. 69. Hehe. I'm basically 12. I just passed it.
Raves About Menu From La Tropical Drink To The Carnitas. Bartender Was Vry Cool!212.2748225
Sue Dynarski speaking on evaluating Michgan's No Worker Left Behind (NWLB) program in terms of both employment & educational outcomes.
You are always in Nashville and I never see you! Saw you are playing CMA Fest, super awesome!
At PRSA GA Awards to celebrate my boss being given the Radiant Star for her leadership and contributions to PR - congrats Judy!
Love that after stepping out to the store for 10 mins my dogs greet me like I have been gone for years. Makes a girl feel special!
girls dont want to hear that they are hot or sexy, they want to hear that they are beautiful.
Well that just goes without saying. It's not even an option!
We need another fro yo date.
To the Gym! Have a great morning! :)
let's just call you an acquired taste. Much love.
been there since forever licensed by state authorites. Unfortch #ROC news engines try to make something out of nothing.
or when someone on the business side says something brilliant like "can't we just change that in production"...
ya look hot Judy booby-_-
Lionel Richie without a doubt is one of the greatest song writers and recording artist. I believe his country roots are evident!!
I take no vacation from your presence..
Enjoying the amazing Bella Luna in the sky tonight.
OMG, this is the best news I've heard today. Love love love me some Michelle!!!!! Now following!
Thanks for attending. Hope you got something out of it....aside from coffee, a muffin and extra credit
Bryce Harper just stole home, what a beast!
This is amazing.
": Ever have that one person whose presence automaticly pisses you off?" know a couple....
My flipmode squad is dangerous
Bring it!
Yea, I'm up with the owls a lot too. Laying in bed with a good video can help, or a good book. I get musical late at night, tho.
Basketball with Later
forever and always
Need u to rock with me on this party... Check your dm
UPDATE 3-Aon sees investments paying off only by 2013
gotta say he does speak the truth and doesn't back down when confronted
surprisingly no. Just go to you account settings, and its the first option. You will retain all your settings and followers.
Yeah, can do, if it's ready.
#pancreatic cancer #advocacy day #call in - Tuesday WWW.pancan.org
oh man, don't do it
It's Barry bright.
So my birthday party started 30 mins ago and I'm the only one here so far.
Captioning Niall Ferguson is a lot more fun than it has any right to be.
Last report from was Edgerton up 3-2 after four at Brodhead in softball.
Wonder if the Colts will modify terminology in the playbook to accomodate he Stanford duo....."Spider 2 Y Banana." :)
Great point by : understanding customer behavior and knowing how to provide value #1 asset
we find out tommorow!:)
#Altiverb, your Great Pyramid at Giza IR is fantastic! If only it'd been available when I was doing mummy sounds last year...
I want to grow old by you <3
I can't help it, he's inspiring me again..am I a sucker? If only congress would take some of this consensus building language to heart
Hey Destery♥ I tweet you!! :D
We need accountability & community RT : Amazing racial justice work dismantling school-2-prison-pipeline shut down abruptly!
That REALLY annoying moment when you want to get in bed but realize you forgot to put your sheets in the dryer....YEA, real cool.
Baby turns 1 today and I wasn't on STFU Parents a single time! What a year!
to my friends at the tap. cheers ! the best way to drink a cup of coffee is with a french press. check it out at the tap and mallet any time
seafood. Crabs & crab cakes & jumbo steam'd shrimp & snow crab legs..
it's not tied anymore 4-3 kings lead
Last day in my office...start working from MI♥ Tues! ah!
hell yeah snoopaloop!
yeah, im guessing it was paul blart? no that cant be it, is it channing tatum, no. oh! i know. YOU! what do they look like
Make your mom think you love her and bring her to a show tonight. She gets in free with your admission.
I got a 15 and Klouchebag called me a nice person. Will you still be my friends?
You can also follow for updates on the Klein Oak girls' game, courtesy of and
free bird
Enjoying an amazing brunch in Tribeca in perfect weather with my cousin.
And then the rain came......
I fuxed up today
haven't heard that album in a while but its a good one!
It is about social cooperative behavior. Accounts for pack behavior as well. Nasty implies not getting along even while hunting
I don't normally top, but he sure did have a pretty mouth. I hope I didn't cause too much throat trauma.
I want to thank Naomi for her patience in assisting me today. I am now better educated in how to use Twitter. Thanks!!
Scott Ty for every fan you entertained,Autograph you and Rick Signed,times you got in the ring when you were hurt,You cared.
Admissions expert needed for paid session with client applying to MSc programs at Oxford and LSE. Email if interested!
I want a fitness ball !
I'm back from the Maldives and ready to tweet more genius upon you. Oh, and Peyton Manning will be a Seahawk. Heard it here first.
Austin. Made the connection in DFW with minutes to spare after a good sprint. Glad I'm traveling light. I need a mojito and nap.
you guys are so totes g'd up from the feet up
#HappyMothersDay to all our authors, followers, and friends!!
Sugar Coma!
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. ~ Aristotle
Only till tomorrow afternoon. Wish I had more time. Would love to meet you!
Damn, Don Harmon I hope your next life is better than this one...may God take care of your family. To think I mowed your neighbors lawn...
Getting ready for master classes and cc/
I think you should just come here and do it!
where do you get all these inspirational sayings from?
If hard drive failures are fun, yup, we're having fun now!
Come to The Early November!
I figured it out,thanks for reply. Am in SanDiego & would love to chat after tax season. Have used ProSeries & QB for years.
I don't know why "my hovercraft is full of eels" is considered a useful Dutch phrase on this website...
sorry anna. im immature as tbf
hey lady
Welcoming warm san diego weather. Ah
#JESUS LOVES YOU!! SOO BLESSED! :)
A big welcome to all our new followers! Your support is so appreciated.
You are very welcome! Have a wonderful day :)
we love you! Tell us ALL about you! I know I'll be listening/reading :)
We're giving away another $250 gift certificate at Eva's Bridal on Oak Creek today!! March madness sale! Come see us!!
Talk nerdy to me
RT : 24 hours more, you can pick up the new Lady Gaga iOKi Karaoke App for the after Thanksgiving sale price of just $2.99!
Our website is currently experiencing technical difficulties... we hope to have the problem fixed quickly & thank you for your patience!
FINALLY finished reading "The Marriage Plot" (Eugenides) lovely writing but a bit of a slog getting through it all... feel free to disagree!
Speed and ecstasy associated with depression in teenagers
This is my last day home
Had to run this morning -_-
I used to strive to make you happy everyday I could. And when things slipped up once, you threw your hands up. Now he's hurting you everyday
it's a great time to try something new to revitalize your lifestyle. Playing good rock drums for instance.
We will be there in 10 min.
In music looking at the collage of all the places the high school band has traveled to :) I'm so lucky to be in it :D
after 2 bad trips last year, gave delta another shot. But sat on runway for hour+ at LGA waiting for gate
Plus My Cadillac Take Premium Gas !!
#ProTip The 80s Sherlock Holmes series is on Netflix and it's good.
I believe I just had an a-ha twitter moment. I will now tweet "$&?! My kids say" daily. Stay tuned. And yes I know this idea is not original
pats all the way! Giants vs pats the sequel
ha! Sorry I'm missing the sweaty flannel and jeans d'manic panic.
That's okay. As long as you know all the words to Did It On'em you're a good enough fan. :)
lol I can't shake it. Nickname dubbed by some friends when I studied in Africa.
Practice practice practice
hahaha, my parents did the same thing on some sunday like two months ago. Nice.
just sent my Evernote notes from 's #SXSW presentation: "The Art of the No-Decision Decision"
My 2:30pm feeling? I'm so glad I am not wasting my life, working in some shit-hole.
Thought I'd catch up on world news on the BBC but much talk about President Obama's statement to ABC.
My ankle feels better maybe I can start running in the next few days
Well, in your case I have to confer with my colleague about scheduling. You are not forgotten.
Waiting for former exchange student coffee with the President in Seoul.
Who needs a shirt!!!
I didn't realize it until now.. But i was the worst person in the world for even thinking that wasn't all my fault.
+1 RT : Seems to me most hospitals need to learn marketing 101 & get basic CRM systems to understand customer prefs.
Great, now the Tar Heels will be angry when the Badgers come to town on Wednesday. I wanted Bucky to hand UNC their first loss!
when is 2012 sched being released???
I <3 when I get put #oncall before my alarm goes off! Back to sleep
lol were they someone who was use to having gas waiting for them like that ?
where are we gonna so the video
S/O to my followers
Like politafact lately. They put Sandy Pasch to the test. Dumbish people dont read the articles. Just the headlines.
omg Taylor Swift won tonight so happy right now !!!!
does the old lady thing bug you? either/both parts?
finally ordered my #SoListen skin. Can't wait to get it.
#LadiesNight too, dagger! RT : Sure wish I coulda went to Vituccis tonight
No I found out when she was 4wks along but we got the first ultrasound today and reality is setting in I guess
Was a pleasure watching our friend Jake Clemons tear the roof off the house last night. Well rocked, brother.
damn -_- I didn't see it
following you now lol #mitchies all the way
We had fun too! Sorry we left early, we're kinda lame & like dan said more babes but not the crazy kind
Same reason I can't get my indie/punk loving cousin to even try to listen to Phish. She responds to genre and not the music.
It's been a minute since I've been in Granville
Seriously considering being a writer more and more. Sometimes I forget how much I love it and I forget my natural talent until I'm reminded.
Power's back on at the house, and the kids are still asleep. Will miracles never cease.
Make it nasty
“: Oddly satisfying to say: 'Send it to Legal.'” I'm going to say it even though I don't know anyone in legal.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality
#10FactsAboutMe I have dark brown eyes
I miss you to! And mn, you??
Doing #bikedc this morning!
Yay! 12h and the tire'snot flat!
Matthew Perry was originally offered the role of Captain Jimmy "Raven" Wilder in Independence Day.
whens ur next concert in new york?
Congrats Jamie Bugio on your new Forever team member! Love this business!
I've sneezed 16 times in the last 40 minutes. Damn you photosensitivity.
I'm young and on a mission
It was heaven.♥★
GREAT entertainers to
Monthly Canton Dog Park meeting tonight, 7pm @ Canton Cove (2901 Boston St) conference rm. 7pm. Open to all. www.cantondogpark.org
I love you ♥16
