Guess where I am?
We will be working on our Summer class schedule over the coming weeks. Our Twitter followers will be the first to know when its online :)
Did he just say this is Allen's 16th NCAA tourny?!?!
Everybody needs money. That's why they call it money.
Kansas City Missouri
it's sad Jango Fett never made it out of the Arena league he coulda been valuable to the
Just an amazing night last night, we will have a few pics up later today from our friends at Phoenix Productions!
When people yell uncontrollably while working out.
no no. Not an IU show
My phone dieing
Thanks for the love!!!!
Happy Mothers Day,Colette! Your videos are so inspiring & I really look up to you! Have a nice mothers day!
ONE WORLD LMFAOooooo
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings. - Ralph Blum
Ball don't lie....that wasnt no foul
Best scene in eclipse: the meadow scene
What's up follow me bro. It's your boy Akil.
Family just enjoyed tremendously our first visit to Marrakech Cafe in Westport. Outstanding food! We inhaled it. Definitely will return.
There are girls with boobs as big as shopping bags, I wonder how they get through a door...
$.99 fish taco's at Leonardo's in PB. Looks like a hole in the wall, but actually quite tasty
Gas Prices at $4.85?? Suck it.
GIVE ME A SIGN HIT ME BABY ONE MORE TIME.
Prepping for #SXSW. Any "shouldn't miss" recommendations? I'm talking Interactive. Not music.
Frankie's pic is too cute! :D
Busy day of hair Now off to Sunset Park to do hair and makeup for shoot with,busy!
"yeah just a wee bit cold" "hey, I have nuts" Lolololol
Can't wait until this afternoon to do some program planning.
What Is Our World Coming To First Kony Now That Nigga Who Killed Trayvon What's Next..Adults Selling Their Kids For Drug ?
Uggghh....not tired buhh' can't wait to qo to dha movies with my boyfrriend....
shit that's not the new BBQ joint is it
Omgee, Leap Year melts my heart.
Hell no.
Making emails for mobile: stacked instead of column, buttons w/ space around them instead of text links, 640 pixels scales to 320.
absolutely wild to think about.
Nailed the MLS admissions interview. Just need to polish off some paperwork and I'm golden.
I love me some Fast & Furious ": finally watched Fast Five! Two words AWE SOME!"
beginning the day's exploration of San Francisco's music scene
#Sagittarius Do not try to invade their space because they are claustrophobic in nature.
Thank You!!! RT : Added. Good luck. ~smiles~
yeah I wish! Still have finals next week :/
Man, Hosmer needs to get jumpstarted. Even if, *gulp*, that means heading back to Omaha. There, I said it.
loads fine for me
BUT the real question is... Bieber over Nickelback?
"A Copeland Portrait" (Grundman) is a piece you'll hear at our July 10th concert. Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online.
today has been interesting...
Happy Mother's Day ! ❤ I'm tweeting big hugs & kisses to you & the whole family! XOXO
Hard drive throwing errors, last backed up my music in March. Crap. Hope it holds out long enough to get one more backup finished...
And to think, was my first Cinderella.
Lets go celtics!
Its an amazing episode. I work on the finale....Mcphee's performance is breath-taking. " 45min SMASH time
Yikes! At first I thought that said Demi Lovato.
Just discovered my lungs have been talking shit about my pancreas...Not cool, dude. This is how tumors get started.
is a hot ghetto mess
:) Gentle persuasion.
Check out an epic culinary conflict (Venezuela vs. Colombia) outside Conflict Kitchen 11a-2:30p mañana. May the best arepa win.
#ala11 so convinced my cousin in nola to give me her jazzy pass free bus rides 4 me yay!!!
Thankful to conduct business in a truly great city with wonderful people. Chicago!
We can do both of them for you.
Happy Follow Friday everyone
"The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak." ~Hans Hofmann
As for me, I like to be Responsible and Independent and not have to rely on anyone but myself. #MyThoughts. :)
that cute
Wow, sounded like a bomb, turned out it was a drunk driver totaling my car. Chased after her T2 style, but the cops actually caught her.
Getting my windows tinted on my car today
definitely! Will be an extension of his birthday that's the day before :)
now that we are back in full swing... back tweeting!!!!!
He definitely sounds like a character!
RT : Retweet if you're online so I can follow you
hi what would like me to buy you and give to you at the Boston/Connecticut/New York warped date
In 1912, movie writer-director Richard Brooks ("Cat on a Hot Tin Roof"; "Elmer Gantry"; "In Cold Blood") was born in Philadelphia.
No wine today, but swing by for a taste of our February cheese of the month!
I was hoping Nickelback would appear.
Guys, it's far too early in the AM for this nonsense! Go get rdy for wrk, please!
My top 4 comedic influences Will Smith,Martin Lawrence,Chris Tucker,Mike Epps
when in April?
Tonight was fun but scary. Some guys maybe in their 30's tried picking us up O.e We ran all the way back to our friend's house.
Analysis: Critical illness – the pros and cons of partial payments An increasing number of critical illness providers are offering partia
This one
Thanks for including me in today's edition.
yeah, I used to be a self proclaimed coffee addict too. ...until my 30's came around & brought an acidic stomach to boot. :(
Tied game!!
Why did the #Lions draft another WR with the first pick of the 2nd round???? We Need DB help! address that first!!!!
not good. Often means they don't respect (or even recognize) the talent "below" them.
I think I don't have plans anymore tonight.
likes your use of our product!
Acronym?! Eponym! Ten times as awesome as they exclude the uninitiated ten times as well: even expanded, they give no clue.
just the name scarlet makes me aww at joy, scarlet itself its just an amazing name i wouldnt name it because of her hell naw
Doh! Our bad, wrong handle! You can also reach out the CEO who's super helpful.
Don't kill downtown! - Las Vegas Review - Journal
#myideaofhell would be the eternal damnation to stir a vat of mayonnaise in an empty warehouse while Kenny G blares over the loudspeaker.
Worst thing they've put in in years, that stupid block/charge arc. Refs use it as a crutch rather than a tool. It's gotta go.
Good morning everyone, damn is hot outside already!
ymcmb I just finished a 3.33 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Exciting raffle prizes today! Trip to Vegas. Kings and Dodger tickets and more!
damn right im bout it.
Magic is a certified dickrider cuh...
ive had many apply products honestly ill pass i prefer andre but thank you
U shouldnt assume there will be neg reaction to techy innov by staff/customers. Try and see, you WILL be surprised if this s ur thot
#classof2011 getting ready to kick it tonight like its our graduation
how do you think they can improve?
Very, very important information.
- Discussions w/other TAs are way they [TAs] are introduced to technology in their courses.
TEA PARTY CAUCUS. SATURDAY, MARCH 3rd at the ELLICOTT SQUARE BUILDING $10/person Please see details below.
Trying to talk to someone about something serious and they want to flip shit, give half answers and etc,.. Aggravates me
awe yeah :)
I'm focused on nothing but my
Undergraduates that live in LA County! Need an internship?! HDDT is hiring! Email your cover letter/resume to !
Justin will make haters believe
What up oprah
Jessica Wyatt, on the stand in ID trial for her Dad, asked if she 'understands' the proceedings: 'Well I've seen Legally Blonde.."
No. That's what many gurus are preaching. "The more you write, the more you sell."
Today: Know someone who suffers from nosebleeds? We compound a spray that will make it STOP! Call 412-681-6400 or email to
I had one today too!
well seeing as you can't get to england, i will keep calling you james :p
When Life gives you lemons , Go chuck them at haters.
#AskAlexConstancio do you see my tweets?
Yay! RT : Ah day off tomorrow. I'll spend it claying. Yep yep yep. Gotta increase my inventory before in Sept!
my friends John Heart Jackie just made it happen 2 months ago.
I better not wake up cranky tomorrow. --___-
It starts sorta slow but once you get past the shortened first season (due to the writers strike) it's ridiculously good.
a few years. I do it just for fun. :)
Apparently I can't send you back a direct message because you are not following me.... so that makes me sad in my heart
Happy #Valentine's Day to you too!
I seen Dalai Lama today!!! Thank you Taelson L.
For every scary or spartan movie,they use deep voices.
Well its decided I have a new logo well at least starting a new one I now have a bass idea for one -ProtoSkar
Fog is burning off - Ocean Beach here we come!!
There's no future in time travel.
if drinking a whole bottle of vodka is wrong...then i don't want to be right
Where did you come from?
Tonight threads presents Brian Gillespie & Mike Trombley. 7-midnight. Free vinyl party, good times
Crazy last couple of days. But luckily hubby is ok, had a collapsed lung.
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” ― Dr. Seuss
Communities are powerful tools, yet require commitment, nourishing and cannot be treated w a beginning and end
S/O to everyone graduating today! Lucky bitches :)
At end of a long day of writing I allow myself to glance at Twitter & find so much lively thinking on museums, educ, media. Thanks!
Typo Chronicle
You suck more!
great event tonight! I feel empowered! Thanks for getting us all together in the same place. Can't wait for next time!
Dear Kristen, i'd be smart of you to log out of twitter after you're done using my computer. Love,
RT Google "do a barrel roll" Go ahead. It's funny
tupac wakes up for a second to check if i'm there, then goes back to sleep, lol :)
"Always listen to your heart because even though it is on the left side it is always right." Unknown; picked up on facebook
launch spotify -> private session - can this be a default?
Damn im mad i cant go 2 prom smh
The book #LeanStartup tells of #Quicken bad product process, then improvement. After 4 yrs sans-Quicken, I'm giving Q2012 a chance
not bad at all. Looking forward to vancouver.
Time to get running for melanoma at the backlot! Hurray for a 5k!
So, who's up for giving this ol' gal a back massage?
my old boss keeps calling me because he wants me to work at the pool again. and i'd love to. but i already have a job.
is vending at Goth Prom TONIGHT (Thursday, May 22nd)
How many "Merry Xmas" Texts did YOU get YESTERDAY?
RT : I want a cute, long relationship where everyone is like "damn, they're still together?" :')
Cong. ,Chairman of Subcommittee on #Railroad, #Pipelines & #Hazardous #Materials and he will be speaking @ the Convention!!
i cannot wait until thiis next month and half go by i really need summer vacation like asap :/
GO SHARKS!
Aw im really not. you're too sweet though:')
All I want in life is to be best friends with 1D..IS IT REALLY TOO MUCH TO FREAKING ASK FOR?!? 😖😭
i love you austin ]=
I give up on this stupid ass phone. The keyboard is so messed up.
well I do like toned arms #busted 💪
This bowling scene really kicks things into gear
Cool deal today! For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free! Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe
At work and majorly craving some Starbucks. Oh boy
To the racists, spammers and bots flaming over any Trayvon Martin news: piss off.
So Sorry for your loss.
Yes ! Ms brown my home room teacher !
It's a sweatshirt kind of day.
100% on my physics math. Now I only get half the credit.
I'm sharing my progress using Lose It! on Twitter!
Nope, and I won't. RT : did you pick up Keshawn Martin?
About to be in 36
We have the other one... the only that ONLY covers FOX... I hate it because it has crap movies. MovieLic is more $$ but has more
Our entrepreneurs on CO are impressing #SBA admin Karen Mills. They are thoughtful and inspiring in their stories.
As had been expected, Facebook will debut on the Nasdaq tomorrow morning at a price of $38 per share . What's that mean for you? No
Use Google Adwords and Microsoft AdCenter to promote your website and start attracting customers within the hour..
Yeah 2012 and still TRUTH! Thanks Season Never Ends :)
You have the power to choose, stop blaming others for your situation. ~ Proverbs 13:20 EMPOWER!
Why did i start smoking? Cuz i know you hate it.
"[Ideas & humans have] a symbiotic relationship. Wherever you see the healthiest environments for ideas, humans are usually thriving too."
Sure, give me a call sometime. I'll be visiting the Bing this weekend, so maybe sometime next week?
The highlight for me today was working on "An Unlikely Pair" with Rosena Hill and Bryan Welnicki. A nice addition for this production!
Absolutely! RT : ...Hint: Real Neighborhood Watch volunteers are trained NOT to run after people, guns ablazin'.
I feel so privileged! :) love you Moo!
I'm home and I did everything I was supposed to do today. Now I'm going home to spend time with Jake and Ang so I can recharge and relax
Start your day off right with a mimosa, a tall Bloody Mary and a delicious brunch buffet. Red Sky is at 16 North St Boston (Faneuil hall)
Can I submit multiple entries? 100 words isn't enough..
body is suddenly sending pain and soreness signals from last nights' three hour dancing marathon :-/
Can't sleep...
I love #TheWanted! I think they are all cute!
Ra! :) RT : Nearly screamed out--AMEN! “: Women need to lift as we climb, great point by #mom2summit”
Houston We Have A Problem.
is consistently amazed at the kindness of others - great way to start a day.
mr. jaswal walking down hallway brandishing a huge pair of bolt cutters. time for some breaking and entering?
no comment!
Went swimming with the boys&other kids. Lol day well spent with the
You're over it, so everything is okay.
Short-sleeve warmup jackets are the new Spanjans
you did? where?!
Americas team - start following
Did you stop over? I never run into you!
u should make an attempt to follow the ones that follow u. Before the request to follow others
my window's open and I see my dog jumping on the table outside, and all I see is her falling. LOL
you should have on Ridiculousness!
"fat girls love ankle tats". -Boortz thats my line of the day! Lol
Hes just like the weirdest dude ever on skates. No idea what he is trying to do sometimes. The hair is like back to the future
School makes me so tired
How do i get in trouble for wearing leggings but all the girls who expose their ass whenever they bend over don't?
want to write a rebuttal or response to Slate on this? :)
where is Gail Collins????!?!
sadly no! no invites for us. :(
: I'll be happy to help. I cant stand ppl lyk that. The same thing happened to my bff whos lyk my sister Hes in the hospital
Welp time to study for exams. Which are 25% of the semester grade. DGHAFIUODGHERJKGHERWIOAGH REALLY.
�A friendship founded on business is a good deal better than a business founded on friendship.� John D. Rockefeller
She said to read Burke impressionistically.
At James hunter birthday party
So that's what you call it.
": Russell Westbrook loves him some Russell Westbrook."Yes he does, but he hates to pass the ball!
u have to cutest accent ever! And i like ur musician talent! Any other instruments uk how to play?
DC & : "Pondexter & Brackins are OUR bitches now."
sounds like a great workout.
i love u sis ;-) ALL BETTER
camera adds ten lbs tho lol so I look slimmer face to face
Honoring drum. : Bill Raggio, one of true greats of Nevada politics, has died...never see another like him in this state. RIP.
Pish posh.You San Fran peeps live with real frights like earthquakes. Thunder's just cheap, harmless entertainment!
Please it 11:11 follow me? And I just said I hope you come true!<333
Aiokya is still looking for a job is virgin having another hiring?
hope to see u on the rest of the tour! ~bgv singer
Agghhh just wanted to send the crew off with a sweep before this tough road trip of 9gms in 10 days! Hope they don't come home under .500
I'm sexy and I know it :)
I have to study..see ya later everyone :))
Cracks, drops, spills, lost or stolen......its happens to the best of us! Is your phone protected with U.S. Cellular's Device Proctection?
This is my 3rd time getting stiches this year -.-
In Honolulu. About to board plane headed to Guam...
New recipe: Kefir smoothies!
you have such a big heart we love you hillary <3
Dang it. Mavs. Well....another first Round playoff exit after a trip to the finals. No bueno.
wow, I miss him and its only been a couple seconds :/
RT : A #Cancer thinks about how well you will fit in with their family and friends before they let themselves get close to you.
So thankful for assignments and being in tune with my spirit and truth. The answers are truly already in front of us.
EVERYONE IS ONLY THINKING BOUT
RT : If the Lakers lose, Dr. Buss is gonna hit Mike Brown with that Chris Hansen "have a seat" look on Monday.
RT Sitting in these briefings got me wanting to drop an act like I'm having a seizure LOL!
SAT word of the day: rescind (v.) to take back, repeal
That's a actual gym? I thought that was a "Dodgeball" reference...lol
Hahaha RT : Even Metta World Peace got tired of the game...
Is living the life. :D
I knew I should have put some jeans on before coming to this practice.
I'm gonna miss a lotta people I don't really keep contact with but oh well
are you gonna watch the sex tape?
Yes! And please share! RT : yes the #BROWNBAG is today. i Will take good notes.
SO DOES steaming Florida Novel PYTHON by Carina Nolan Simmering and Slithering Have partner with you it's too hot to handle
Inge keeping tweeters busy....again
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 8
Vikings will get their stadium...then we are just going to hear about Target Center being old
where's my boy Lucroy??? 😱
aaaawwww. so cutee<3 oh yeah and the koala is too. ;D
With age comes wisdom, maturity, and an appreciation for using the color white
Yes me and my partner both have a Twitter account.
Maybe animal rights activists when they attack researchers' homes? Depends on your definition of "terrorist," I suppose.
RT - Miami Dolphins QBs and healthy shoulders.
Catch "Bride Flight" a sweet period piece post-WWII if you want to go on a trip! Excellent work. Dutch film set in New Zealand. Captivating!
Does anyone else think the #Brewers look adorable in their little hoods tonight? Hehe
Snow?!?! What's going on here? I thought we were in the middle of winter? Come on over & get a cup of Mint Meltaway to deal with this snow!
What’s your best tip for squeezing in a lunchtime session?
Things are going well! You and Don must have attended the same conf. Great blog today! Thanks!
Just got home from listening to (final-ish) mixes for the new record. So excited. And so thankful to be working with Mike Zirkel.
Thank the lord, Iggy came up clutch and hit his free throws. #76ers moving on. LETS GO
Thanks everyone for checkin in on me. Surgery went great, doc says the bones look great! Tired and my wrist hurts like hell, but I'm good.
The Teleprompter Crack'd
That akward moment when your dancing in traffic and the car next to you just stares...
You are the fire on my apartment floor. Sixteen stories, I'd rather burn than fall.
is hosting #BloggerBuzz today, 2-3 @ Bandits (440 Main St). Free food & drinks
Super Bowl Sunday tomorrow! Patriots or Giants?
If you keep knocking on the Devil's door you better be prepared for somebody to answer.
you were Derrick's girl
Can't wait for our show in Austin on October 15th! Should be a great show!
So it's pretty much just me and my mom. My grandma is just.... A lost cause!
At the end of the day what it really comes down to is can you vote for a posh toff with bad hair?
Great cause and cute dog! RT : Good job Budweiser for making a special mention of a rescue dog!
11:35 accordign to the time stamp on your tweet.
I love country music. <3
put some ice on that If you can
Oh.. Wait.. Lemme See Ya' Phone , Cus All Them Bitches Is Ratchet. && Don't Let Me Get In My Truck , Cus AWL Them Bitches'll CATCH IT.
Ashley is so annoying ugh
Motherfucker i forgot to put a sports bra on -.-
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 83k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x5
same here, though the app process doesn't seem too rough - maybe we'll see each other there!
tonight went from bad, to so much fucking worse. SOMEONE FUCKING SAVE ME. CAN I PLEASE MOVE TO TENNESSEE NOW.
Back in the c rock #sorryforpartyrockin for 72 hours let's go
e.t. phone home
Koch bagboy Walker's policies have made Wisconsin #1 in the nation...in job loss.
It's funny how I'm older than you, but still you think you can beat me? Hmm, go somewhere?
i followed u plz follow back thxs u rock!
LOL michelle - and o ilove the bajans their accent is tops xD!.
ill take u
hate to say. Now we can get a fair shake wit personnel and picks
have to wonder what an ice cream truck is doing out in october....
The new Astrid looks like Twitter!
Her sex drives me crazy
Damnittt I forgot to wear my track jacket today
It's a punk move when people are serious and try to cover it up with jk. NOO..say what you mean and mean what you say.
I actually missed him, cant wait to see his face... Today is the day :)'n all day
Actually, I'm a woman and very proud.
o.0 Hubba Hubba!! Yep! Don't think u put that on tl, that was one of the places I looked earlier to see if *I* missed it lol
Fundraising & marketing for a nonprofit are tied together. Both should know how to think giving AND PR, trust, transparency, social media.
One of those games where you think, Hey, if they can be in this game playing this poorly, they should win the series. Or am I crazy?
HEYY GUYS? is Cody following you? No? Then go tweet&follow !!!! She'll help you! But only the first 10 ppl get in! SO GO!
Yay Thank you!
It really grinds my gears to see "prolife" folks call women murderers and label prochoice folks "pro-abortion".
Oh! saw the #Dallaswb promos and I'm lookling forward to the 2.0 version
That's the second time one of our guys have been pushed out of bounds.
Hard news is going to be really hard for reporters to find today, perfect for getting free publicity. Take advantage of this Thanksgiving!
In case you fogot KISSpdx is THIS FRIDAY! Can't wait for a super fun day with amazing pdx women & a restful night at the Nines!
Another warm January night. Quite different from last year's snowstorm. Come OUT & grab a Fruit Smoothie & our 50% OFF deal on ALL T-shirts!
Happy Birthday!!
Shew, now my eyes are all puffy & stuff. Time for bed ✌
Ok I better just leave shit is getting intense lol Gn bitches.
your tweet just gave me anxiety but my coupons will have to wait till tomorrow.
Perverts, don't take my last tweet wrong :) sincerely, me.
Glad my singularity could bring you some brevity. :)
Just like the clouds, my eyes will do the same if you walk away Everyday, it will rain, rain, rain
Good luck and God's speed with your recovery, You will be missed, but hopefully you'll be back soon
Neato, my computer is on a 5-second delay like Brandi Glanville on an episode of WWHL.
Saved your life!
#nowplaying Deepest Cut- Get Scared
who wants them house of blues tix mayne? april 13 with $15 bones.
Guys just shouldn't disrespect a lady! Period.....
LeVar Burton: "In pursuit of something larger that ourselves, we should come hard to the table"
this may be true, but it's not like we gave you anything important to us. We have so many low picks we can make it rain with em
So I'm watching Dark Shadows...this girl pulled the sheet off of a ghost and stood there like everything is all cool....
milky white Ralph Lauren Polo cargoes... & linen...
Damn, this bee story is all over my feed now. Okay, save the bees, the yummy veggies, etc. I'm a bee-phobe, but I'm a team player.
OMG really R U kidding me!!!!!
I have no clue..
Charisma on Level 4 plays with me.
Does this vintage UA spice cabinet deserve the grand prize or do you have a spice cabinet that would blow this out of the water?...
+ maybe some play-by-play reports. . .
“: Hey friends, if your in #Chicago, stop into and try some of their famous pasta, u wont regret it” / Thanks!
why in the world would Victoria's Secret not have Saints in their line?
See you all tonight for our Elite party at SPiN Milwaukee! Ping pong, appetizers & cash bar, here we come!
Kobe needs 38 pts for scoring title. gives Kings 8% chance for under. I say 17% if Artest elbows Kobe in pre-game huddle
Really enjoyed 's talk on Chinese meme culture as a method for dissidence. Homophones FTW
what a great shoot at #postmodern today! Looking forward to edit day 1 tomorrow!
Better than watching "A Serbian Film," which I watched tonight, which will give me nightmares.
Off to Philly to see the last glickman graduate from Penn! It's odd bc I could've sworn was 6 years old. cc:
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
Someone pointed out that I just finished my last group meeting for school. Bittersweet. But mostly sweet.
should be me. I answered that eli threw all of the touchdown passes. #technically right
TOROS GAME 2MORROW NIGHT :30! Come cheer on Toros against the LA Defenders in the NBA DLEAGUE FINALS! We're going 2 the ship!
Thanks for the #FF! We heart U too! ;)
When you love someone, you should treat them the way you feel. because sometimes saying it, isn’t enough.
apology accepted..lol
Excuse my lingo when i call you hoe but bitch u know i talk like that
Come to Eisenhower Library before 10 p.m. tonight (4/2) and take an important library survey. Free coffee and the chance to win an iPad 3.
if that's a great song, you've never heard one
hey! How r u? U getting for your Vegas vaycay later this summer?
are you out of school yet ? I need your advise !!! I really do !
Ibuprofen I hope! Its a miracle :) RT : Thank u 800 mg for helping me out today!
“: God isn't interested in our perfection, He's interested in our SUBMISSION. // #VCAllstaffLiveTweet ”
okay, so we missed the turnover/mistakes that changed the outcome of the Patriots and Broncos game, but not Buffalo. Denver wins period..
Music choice is so important. 'We are young' made that chevy ad for me!
Can we please fire Spaz at halftime?!
Dear makeup artists / hair stylists we have lots to share in social networks so please DO NOT POST YOUR OLD WORK over and over ... Thanks!
"all you have is me and that's all that i can be; i'm sorry if it let you down."
You house should inspire, our schools should allow us to learn better and our offices should foster productivity.
lol I don't remember names
hey luv!! I sitting here watching the fight!! How about you? Lol
She's a star. Hire her! RT : Related: I'm looking for freelance writing and/or editing work.
I love that my credit cards nag me to go paperless, yet continue to send junk mail.
You're just not looking hard enough. I texted Teorsky this morning cause he was no where to be found. Ground floor.
Packers in talks with Browns on Colt McCoy trade.
what are you having for your entree?
a movie where me and u have sex and get married and have kids
why did I do that?
When do the guys come back!
Black people CANNOT be ashamed to demand #Justice. It is "for All," is it not?!
I have to come visit you out there one day! :D
Is there anything BUT compliments flying at you from my general direction? You are my world, honeygirl!
Teaching amazing again. Noting how over the years of teaching what was #scifi in 1995 is now our world, so makes my job easier.
You at WHS today? I'm coming in around 2!
I was about to come to your class and metta world peace that ass
why is it that I never want to sleep anymore?
IT'S FRIDAY PEOPLE!!!!
Thank you!
i think the most important stat that TBS throws at us is how many stats they throw at us.
What will happen with Max Siegel's company? Max indicates it will continue without him. I'm not convinced that will happen.
♥ Drinking monster not even tired . Losing Bestfriends And Idfc . :) ♥
yeah I've gone through so many at this point... I used to use Trader Joe's plain soy protein, but I'm cutting back on soy
CELEBRATING LIFE!! SMILES..DNICOLE
TY all I was a BASKET Case worried about my Fam an Friends n Henryville!
omg you were on "new girl" the episode is on right now.
I just met a guy with aspirations of having his own restaurant. So far he's just as sweet as your character in
Randomm but follow my great friend make her get 300 :)
you always gotta go there lol. Did you really used "pleasure"?
Can't believe its been 25 years since the NASA Challenger explosion. I remember watching it with my Dad before school. Where does time go?
I've added some new share features to the website! Hope you like it - thanks for checking it out. :) www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com
Ahh man...😔...thx for the GL wishes! Hopefully I can continue to run well!
We are infested with moths right now! They're even inside my truck. Anyone else having an infestation?
#1DTOURUSA June 2nd Sect 103 row bb seat 12 If you could go back in time to meet one person who would it be?
` Lol , Nah Not Really
“ Me: Mom, I'm adopted, admit it. Mom: What? Honey why would you think that? Me: I'm the only sexy one in the family, explain that!”
haha Nope but i've seen stuff I wear in there. I get my stuff way cheaper online :)
"you're mexican so your voicebox would be like mexican food" - stephanie adem
New Droid, starting to think maybe iPhone next time?..
whahah u do to!!! It's such a beautiful name!!
funny thing is, i used to call you my bestfriend.. looks like highschool really does people..
You guys don't know how bad I want/need an iPhone..
#FF Follow our European Team for updates, events and news on our European business!
I've got it all almost all figured out
M&A Tip of the Day- Try to detach yourself from the daily running of your business so when you sell, it will be easier to run without you...
Naa your hot. So it's okay. But only cuz it's on twitter
Mosley will finally show his age. Possibly by tko
Gunna get crackin' at findin' a new job, this one is gettin' old!
oops, let's get the spelling right and try again. Busy today with #dreamcruise travelers, Thank You All! Hope you have a blast in the D.
thank you so much for that extremely hot picture of you signed! You are so welcome!
Just booked June 8th for Woodfish @ Planet Surf! Spread the word!
“: The old Tech was the best school - Shoutout to all my niggas that went to Tech when it was in the old building”dead crackin
ok, glimmer of a glimmer of a glimmer. Still, fun to watch them beat up the pens.
well we have had some long days. Plus I am an hour behind u. So I have been partying a couple of hours before u. Lol
The pillars of Brand Equity : Credibilty Leadership Uniqueness & Relevance - if all strong drives referral & pricing power
I would text you and ask what happened, but I dont have your number! :(
Watching Dignan with Nicole :)
outfits are hard to choose for guys. You don't know the work we put in to make us look this nonchalant.
william dis wanted me to ask you are you goin to atl today???
ANYONE KNOW ANY GOOD/CHEAP LIMO RENTALS IN SEATTLE FOR 22 OR MORE PEOPLE FOR 5 HOUR? Please help
yes yes yes! pull in awesomes for
I wish school was over right now!!!
No, haven't seen anything since I've moved abroad. Did you enjoy War Horse? Hope all is well with the 2 little ones.
I love the Blonde roast best.
#BCEagles RT : Waiting for Frozen Fest to start...
oh no! wonder if he saw the fb postings. maybe he just wants to be more incognito. to better fight crime, ya know.
I believe we are :)
Check out the /mindless-behavior list!
Shawty give me all tht brain and still ain't learned shit
Looking at draft results and looks like Matt Millan is still drafting for the lions!
i see yall doin yall thing tho man. Im proud of yall. Much succes, u kno i always got yall back in this game
It's also a rite of passage to um, coexist successfully with the lacrosse camp. :) (if there happens to be one there now)
ever heard of the date rape drug? Yeah.
They do look good..they gotta squad
If you want to see change, you've gotta BE CHANGE
Exclusive Discount: Save 20 Percent On Feminine Designs! One look at Saivana 's Ashley dress —with it 's gorgeous pale aqua color, roma
is boarding the USS Cod, a WWII submarine.
:) Not on that day. We talked about the history of the planet and life.
Had a great workout ran 5 mies
Attempting to sneeze with my eyes open....
Naw We smoke good on the Hill RT : Oakhill hoes smell Like fifty I kno y'all weed man 😂😂😂😂
Love your huge target ad
now presenting the 1st part of our 3-part 'Focus on the Customer' webinar
My cell phone still not ringing :/
billions of people hate that damn sealed plastic packaging and yet... there are still there in your neighborhood store :)
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ? D: <3 i am waiting 5
Wow, I just tweeted a
Thanks! Just used it in a video shoot this am and it was a REAL hit!
to make them feel like shit
nice seeing you yesterday. Looking good:)
Editing complete. Revisions complete. Time to copy and submit.
I ONLY HAVE TO PAY $100 OF FRANK'S DAMAGES. BAM!
Can the Brewers carryover a few runs from last night's game?
sure did. Jamaican parenting. I listen to orders and seethe quietly.
I will send your request to Erin at Naturally Declicious Vending to see what she can do!
RT : #Milwaukee want a slice of #pizza the size of your head? Come get some for only $1!!!
your voice is golden.
Me: Babe I'm going to have my tonsils removed. Him: does that mean my dick will go deeper? #reallife conversation.
I'm so tired, I need to stop downloading music! Lmao
haha you are dead on!!! Love what your doing as well!
#CreativeCloud trying to hear this & I got dogs barking sheesh
nice icon
hey hey hey watch what you say about americas pasttime
I saw your Interregnum promo. It was very you. :-)
devil animals
what does this do to the Boilers heading forward?
Anybody know how to unfavorite something you accidentally favorited?
Coughing so hard my ribs are hurting
Now for my most hated part of Union Station: getting a cab after midnight. I hate being stuffed together with strangers.
I want a white suit
we are working on something, we'll post it once the details are worked out.
haha,hm..I would have to look and think about it. I just saw breaking dawn yesterday!:D
Few of the many wise apothegms which have been uttered have prevented a single foolish action.
Leaves don't even have dicks so I don't see the point of leaf blowers.
Maybach Anniversary Event on March 31st. We will be giving out free "ME" shirts for the night. Stay tuned for more info.
I hate LaGuardia airport and lame taxi drivers.
Man. Junior Seau killed himself. Crazy.
Who could use an 81" Cauhe clamshell die cutter for under $80k?! Subject to availability...lots of interest. email soon!
you welcome followback!
...these fast young women do not marry quite as fast as they dance. In the hymeneal race, we find them lagging behind. (1857)
have you checked out www.bwenetwork.com/books?
Great Full Body lift today w/ the Mens Team. Since the LUNGE is the most functional movement in bball, we hit LOTS of lunge variations 2day!
rly. see u soon
peyton's talk about austin. my heart rn.
ok if you promote mine!
thanks! :) and no problem. :D ill get him to sign my shirt and ill take a picture of it. :)
Loving the day with my buds #cityisland..styling with the spring dress & sexy sandals.★★★
United Plumbing Retaining Locally Rank for Internet Marketing - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
I wish I could make you jealous...actually, I wonder if I've ever made you jealous
i wonder what is doing?
Effort. Thats the only thing Im asking for. Its so simple yet people make it seem like its so hard.
I feel like her language is taking off and suddenly she's understanding how to push my buttons :) and boy is she fighting sleep
I wish that Twitter had a like feature!
What do you put in the "Object" for NPPA BOP? Is this all automated this year?
baby I love, boyfriend you is sexi
its over.
awww that is so sweet!
we have one she can just have. It's not a flat screen but its big-ish and works great!
Shoutout to our new followers! Next week we'll reveal projects for #NFL & #MLB teams so stay tuned for an immeasurable amount of awesome.
we wipe desks clean often with Clorox wipes and some antibacterial spray
...whereas Palmer Park deals with dilemmas with consequences on either path re: race, class, schools, neighborhoods, real estate.
Preparing to head to California this coming weekend. Meeting with our newest client Allen's Flowers & Plants.
miss you when you're in with kids and I don't get a twitter summary!
Hulu interview #2 will be on Monday, so I can relax for the remainder of this evening and just focus on packing this weekend.
W/o drm chaos will reign and no one will write any more... Lies we are told ~sarah houghton
long island. You coming to visit me?
I put on some fake nails… I didn't think about not being able to play basketball with these things on :(
S/O to for keeping The Crisis on rotation for the TX Buzz! Much obliged sir
hey some friends of mine are gonna be in town for St. Patty's day where are you and your supporters celebrating
I work hard but then I party even harder than most rockstars do these days!?
*Got the first email from a lady who wants to audition for me ' show squeel!*
I love pandora. Keeps me stress free. 👍
Whats in it?
Tell Em ! RT Headed to ST LOUIS !! Wes poppin?
you always want coffee >< and we can do that next week maybe.
Thank you for spreading the word. How you been??
Arguing with a fool proves there are two. - Doris M. Smith
Dear Annoying Person: Nobody likes you because you’re fake like a 3 dollar bill. Sincerely, Everyone.
Not putting top 100 restaurants online immediately is like putting more guns on the Maginot line.
he's a local no biggie..I see him at mcarthur and best buy all the time haaha
Detroit! Haha I got the Ds mixed up apparently ;)
I learned something new today. Joel Rifkin is an alumni of SUNY Brockport
Why is it so hard for people to spend money on their health? The same people you see in the malls overspending with no problem on things...
Hmm...maybe Jay-Z same-sex marriage endorsement is already having a ripple effect.
oh sorry I forget they are linked. lol thanks! It was awesome
Hey yeah I'm in lobby about to head into LOLitics.
I cant figure out just what to do...when the cause and cure is u
oh sit my bad lmao
your infographics on secret republic are awesome.
Goodnight everyone..I love u & <3
oh ok... Can i ask u a personal ?
If you could spend one hour with any musical artist who would it be?
I also just learned that 2/22 is World Thinking Day.
Hope my dad call me with some good news
Keep an eye out on some of your favorite Comcast channels for our Best of the Bay Members 30-second promos!!!!
RT : First up at #ithaka2010 Daniel Russell, Google's point person for "Search quality and user happiness" on "The Future of Search"
I'm sure you rocked it! :)
Day 2 of #agbt about to get started. First up talks followed by clinical genomics.
good news was supportive turnout for Earth Day & answers to questions about whether we would get a permit in 2012.
Oh and good morning to all.
No one could ever make me feel this way... RT : Sure I've been in love a time or two, but in the end I still chose you.
school is weird without ypu guys
Isn't it brutal that we have to wait so long for our season to start? At least we can go watch their practices.
Thanks for the follow! Love the symphonic metal!
I was just gettin home ain't had my phone ALL WEEKEND , 4rl , but hey look at it this way at least I didn't forget ;)
chipotle going up this friday?
you ok there cone? Seen Crafton knock the hell out of ya there
Just realized that I ate no Easter candy all weekend. What is wrong with me?
We're looking forward to your visit!
Swear I Hate Hoes...
I got you ;] and Im sending the love back at you 3 lol
Ravi surveyed Jane Restaurant in New York.
its pretty good, surprisingly
This has gone everywhere and I just wish I knew what was really right for me.
Goodnite everybody! Tonight is the last time I go to bed as just a dude....TOMORROW I WILL BE A DADDY!!
Help for people with long-term conditions - Mansfield Chad
Aww(: RT : “: IF YOU ONLY HAD $5 LEFT WHAT WOULD YOU SPEND IT ON?!? #AskAlex” a bible (:
I still think you could have shown my many loved characters in one final battle, regardless of ending. UGH!
Whoa. Books are so much cheaper on my kindle! I'm loving it! How is everyone today?
No more nice Haley!! Just blew up the neighbor kids for being in my driveway for like the 500th time. Play somewhere else!!!!
it must be #StarWarsDay -- I want to Chewbacca some people out
They should compile all his errors.
Ok, I think I filled in the remaining blanks. But I don't have the knack for proposal-ese that you do.
and they still havent announced kh3 -_- hopefully soon lol all the spin-offs are ok but we need a main one again
babe! You can't just say those kinds of things! ;D lawls
not fighting. MEAT.
Alex Presley with an inside-the-park-home-run on the first at bat tonight against the Cards. #LetsGoBucs :)
Is this in St Michael's?
Rednecks from Kentucky.
Dear artists please show ya appreciation to the producers and engineers thanks in advance
Hoping--and sure--your panel was a success!
RT : I think this proves we are indeed related...! U already know baby! Now let's get to the Bossom Bed and chill
OCNJ Beach Vacation! Hello Short commute and a whole lot of Sun!
is this years game schedule out?
Im laughing right now without even seeing it ... i wouldnt be able to breath if i actually saw you
Leftover Chicken Recipes These leftover chicken recipes are a fantastic way to use up that leftover roast chicken, grilled chicken or eve
Got the taste for something soft and wet , basically ice cream
I'm telling on u!
I know some Bookrites who would like to go with you!
RT : In the studio mixing and cutting synth with ! Life is good
where :o?
There is no reason Pat Knight should have ripped his team like that yesterday
All sickness is not until death. When u said to God, "I surrender my all to You do w/ me as You will." U gave Him conformation to work...
My assistant is creating garage band songs in her spare time. I may have to put her on a project.
I was expecting it to be better... Boy, would Ryan Suter help but that's definitely not happening
A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it than when you are in it. ..
Happy Friday, !
name dropper. ;-)
You didn't care.. You never did. I can't believe I fell for it.</3
E. Cipolloni scores on an NC State error making the score Virginia 5 NC State 1
She will re-bloom when ready with all the right experiences to be able to contribute to her next stage & w/out the depression of missing it
Yum! RT : 100% Kobe Beef Sliders Tonight only! $12, Come get some Tasty Beef!
"Up the stairs at Weatherford... a ghost each place I hide." Jimmy Eat World
always meaning as in never? That sounds about right. :)
All campus buildings open this morning but classes canceled. Watch www.cwsl.edu for updated information as it becomes available.
i think that photo has been doctored. Everything I've seen says Rick.
Thanks for adding me to your list /astd-2012. Looking forward to great #astd2012 updates.
love miller park.so comfortable.enjoyable.spacious.smells good..awesome tailgateing in a huge parking lot..moderatly priced..only1 hr away.
Yes, I am artsy fartsy (:
okay, this is weird cause i dont know you, but your pics like explain my life.
RT : Hi. Thanks for asking. Most of the experienced cab drivers of #Chicago drive for more calls..
#JonHamm should have offered Lindsay some powdered donuts before the show ... for luck
Thanks for your participation Matt! Let us know if you have any questions.
I just got my assigned song for the 500 Songs for Kids benefit this May.
Beer of choice on Mad Men tonight: Rhinelander.
Blackman Kallick K Attys!!! Watch out for us today! & I are on a cookie mission and will be by your project with goodies!
Great seeing you for lunch w/ today!
Needs my hair did
Thanks for the follow...just booked for Wed! Looking forward to the experience (used to live on the block in the early 90s)
I tweet alot right
We are DEFINITELY recording some vocals tomorrow >p
Just left the 500 shut it down. Thank u for all the love thank u everyone.
okay thank you(:
Emma & team in SanDiego did us right last night. 5050 burger is great, environment is great, all was great!
A lil' R&D in SoHo!
softball almost killed me tonight..
Let's do it.
Hi Im also from Chicago. Follow me back? :)
A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat.
2011 ws a gret year 4 us,a music tour,a follow up album,going back to USA w original 4guys,floodgates of opportunities,miracle manifestation
Freezing cold, snow, warm, rain. The average week in Chicago. I've learned to live with it.
well shoot! :/. atleast youll join the club of being crippled lol, but yeah id be glad to do anything.
That first part sounds like tinfoil hat talk to me. Useful idiots, sure, but plants? I don't buy it.
Met with students and lectured on the start of the French Revolution....and did paperwork, there is always paperwork.
HE DIDN'T CHEAT ON ANYONE!!!!!!! you just decided to randomly pop up in OUR business. bye now!
Glad you made it home
Dude looks like a ladyy.
tis the season!
So.. If I do move to L.A. in February.. my mum promised me she would take me to a Picture Me Broken, and BVB concert. ^_^ SWEET.
Welcoming new marketing & PR intern to the LHG team today
who's who? And why?
what does that mean??
Daily Dose of Goodness: good morning early risers! Did you know the tradition of Black Friday goes all the way back to the 1930's?
What's your favorite way to workout?
WOW! Just got a hold of a GREAT Prize to giveaway today. Keywords.... Richardson... autograph...... Retweet!
RT The music in Rick Perry's anti-gay, anti-non-Christian ad was composed by Aaron Copland, who was both gay and Jewish.
I need a bob marley
OH I do ;)! I'll be the first to say damn she has nice assets ;) LOL
which one?
After the winter we have had I seem to appreciate these beautiful days more
#BOYFRIEND is truly amazing !! :D <33
#Amen! MT : . Next time let the NYC press know you're comin - we get few chances to chat
Maintain positive thoughts because...Thoughts become Ur words. Words become Ur behavior. Behavior becomes a habit & Habit becomes Ur destiny
Slept through nashville
RIP You were one of my favorites. Condolences to your family in this tough time.
e Please follow me <3
I'm that annoying kid who is on his iPhone and iPad at the same time
me 2 but im watching pretty little liars so its helping me hahah
And the iStan would even have Eminem and Skam from underground and the things he recorded when he was 14 and stuff..
wise words, i wish more people followed that rule
Denver's rude customer service and refusal to explain what will happen if I can't get on my flight *you* overbooked is appalling.
aww that's sweet thank u very much ! :-))
Former Disney animator John Hubley discovered the Saturday Morning Market magic: kids, cartoons, & candy cereal.
Y is that u can never get over your 1st love
I'm having such a great weekend!!
#BeliebersAreReadyForBoyfriendVideo I'm ready for my ovaries to explode.
Never gets old just watched it last weekend!
So erm, basically, you should refollow , mm 'kay? Can you do that for me love? :)
#WebGreekTip - Organize your members into subgroups to quickly send group texts & emails and tag event participants
you know it was a great game when 2 days later you still don't have your voice back
My guess is it's one of those $7.50 p/hour gigs after all the work you put in.
Well, it had to happen sometime; got my first B in college. At least it was at and a really tough Bio class
Thin mints for breakfast.
Grabbing coffee on the way to #OVS to bake
What documentary is a must see for me?
Can't believe I missed Ralph Fiennes reading Potter slash fiction. Wonder who the pair-ups were. Too funny.
Thanks for adding me to your list!
Please #Follow my sexy little friend !!! She is new to Twitter
on the hunt for a whip.. lol.
Microsoft bought skype for 8.5 billion dollars ... Idiots !!!! They could have downloaded it for free !!
Tweeting for the first time.
As I said before, I never repeat myself.
Thats funny how you find out about him. I will hop on the train.
Great meeting...looking forward to many more.
Well, I didn't win the lottery. There goes my house in Maine and Florida and Bora Bora and Arizona and...........
I'm on at 9 tonight, y'all. No joke. And I might have some sort of fever related attack on stage, so you definitely don't want to miss this.
What a day today, I really need a personal assistant...
#FF1 one caring guy who provides good business counsel and willing to drive to visit a friend.
u too sweetie!
I went to Milio's today and was disappointed not to see you there.
which research?
WHAT THE FLUFF? ONLY MI HOMBRES CAN CALL ME DAT YOU CHOLO.
SPEAK UP IF UR BEING BULLIED,TALK TO SOMEONE,BRING ATTENTION TO THE SITUATION,IT CAN BE HELPED! IGNORE THE PPL WHO R TRYING TO HURT U!
Its going to be a crazy ride and I'm so ready. Trip of a lifetime with some screams mixed in there ; )
We are at web 2.0 conference in sf. Pretty impressive turnout.
Movies that shouldn't have a sequel but are getting one this year - Ghost Rider and Total Recall.
To think I would ever be with you again was a mistake.
Hello all send me some emails
whoop whoop #soexcited for 's Ustream with ! :)
Just ate at ryans with my little bubby and cousin crystal
nor the women's deodorant.
Longest night ever. Ugh. So ready to sleep.
Good day, social media universe! Today, I started a new 40Day SadhanaYoga practice with Siri Ajeet. 4-7am daily. SoCal'ers, you are welcome!
Great game Pens! Big win!
Kudos POTUS. Kudos.
Envy my life skills. ENVY THEM.
Facebook is for people I normally see. Twitter is for people I wish I could see. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Listening to Creflo Dollar! ---"My trust is in the Lord." Proverbs 3:5
Haha, eating a kosher pickle as I drive through my beautiful state.
extreme self centeredness?
So why does my 3yr old son know how to pick a lock? Should I be concerned? He is so smart its scary! Lol
sounds like a plan
Obamacare - the first mandate from the federal government on all US citizens.
Trying to fall asleep without my cat's constant snore... #fail #Unlegit >:/
YUP. Slave owners as vampires. Hence, Lincoln as vampire slayer.
Eddy Murphy is NOT dead.
Jealous... How was lunch? ?
So, you've found marijuana leads to short-term memory loss. We get it, Afroman.
Enjoying my last week in Hawaii .. Until next year .. Will miss the beauty & the beach.. But I'm excited to see all my Texas peeps..
Morning! How is the camping preparation? got the tent set up?
not surprised! he is such a kind and generous man! one of a kind! we are so lucky to have him on our board.
haha that video is all i can think of when i hear "hoodrat"
I went to church and Chinese food with my MOM. You?
Yay, is loading demo of the super awesome shelf life! It addresses both shelf browsing and social profiles.
LOVE: "it doesn't last" . PEOPLE: "they change fast" . LIFE: "No matter what happens, it still moves on" .
not exactly but i need to get on that
haha thanks! Home cooked meals are the best! And now I'm hungry haha
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED keep tweeting itt!
Freedom of religion is an awesome thing, but religious views should not be involved in political discourse.
makes you want to light it up
*hugs u tight* i missed hugging u!!!!
I must create a system or be enslaved by another mans; I will not reason and compare: my business is to create. William Blake
sang amazingly tonight! even sang one of my favorite songs by Earth Wind & Fire! <3
Who is ready for school tomorrow!? I know I'm not -__-
Responded to FIRE @ 31 Essex St, Brooklyn, NY 11208. Red Cross auto update.
I wish I could talk to each face the enemy and change his opinion about me (Demi Lovato)
Looking forward to seeing Ken Jacobs at UCLA's Billy Wilder - last saw Ken in Rochester in 1993 - introduced by my old friend, Tom Gunning.
If she got no clothes on I let her in, and her set of friends!
As a $SBUX shareholder, glad to see restrooms are being kept clean (at least in stores I go to) and the baristas are friendly.
...next year of our lives with all of you as fans and friends :) Love, -4QC
The poorest of the #poor on the earth... are children. ~Mama maggie #Mvt121 VP Tony Chen
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. Thomas Jefferson
Dressed and hair is done ! Now makeup ,(:
lame ass
Deuteronomy 14:28-29 "...bring all the tithes of that year's produce...so that ...the fatherless...may come and eat and be satisfied..."
Last time I order "#LemonChicken' from my local #Chinese rest...apparently I was ordering #friedchicken with a tangy #cornsyrup reduction.
Should BleedBlack cover a rap song? If you agree should it be a gangsta rap song or a club banger?
No matter how awesome they are no way in hell am I paying 400 dollars for shoes
If only Jameson were as concerned with access to content as he is access to capital....alas.
Can't tell if copy is joke.. "The Think Vitamin Advisory Board in place make sure that you receive the best content possible."
< now followin Thank you for the follow.
CAA tourney is the first weekend in March.
I could seriously retweet everything you put up. It's always Grade A material.
Blackhawks tickets still available for the game on Sunday @ the United Center against the Blues. Call us at 888-493-0004
I want someone to come over and play rockband!
If you work with me, remember today is the last day to make your NCAA Bracket, only I can pick Kentucky FTW
Great goal!
Disadvantage of being the oldest of your little group: no one else can drink at your 21st birthday party. :P
That's some true love right there!
exactly, if he can get that many fans with only being there that long then just imagine if he stayd longer lol
#CompCloud conducted a 10-yr study of 200K people to determine what impacts employee engagement
i want one wit tats n piercings like
Missisippi has the highest rate of obese adults at 34% of the population
1st street - boro in nyc / 2nd street - a city in idaho! More clues to come....
Burn baby burn! Lookin good:-)
Just wrapped up a meeting with Tara and Peter over at Renfield Productions at The Lot in West Hollywood. They are just down home nice folks!
I think I am going to take Civilization IV with me on vacation to California. I don't know why I didn't take it with me to New York.
The phone conversation that just occurred with my Dad>>>>>
Lil'Wegi Just did a show I was Crazy Lol...
Audition time!
Just spent an hour+ trying to install Freetype2 on Ubuntu 11.10, what a pain in the ass.
nice man!! I'll go with you when you get one my guy
Loving your High Point updates. Too bad I missed you.
None of those are relevant to this discussion. Larger debate on their coverage is fine but not here or on this story.
just signed up for an invitation request for google voice...sounds like a great service. hope it works well!
Combine that with these stupid IPAM courses and today is for the f'ing birds.
Being sick 3 days before Christmas <
Farragut square today. Tacos al pasztor,barbacoa, pollo sofrito, vegan squash, Chicken,tortilla soup, chips and salsa, and guac.
7 survival skills for the 21st century tony wagner
Our shops can set you up to make your own. ;-)
While I see the overall thought process behind cutting off wi-fi at lunch, I'd actually stay here and buy lunch if you didn't.
Haha, You are hilarious!
Have you uh, played Skyrim yet? lolol
Twitter freestyle?
RT Will soon surpass 70 library books checked out. What's the record, ? You are above average, but not close! Sorry!
sorry.. im alex :).. i dont know who yu care either but i see yu live in fresno to so i thought id follow yu..
ok well let us know ok
heck yeah...its a ridiculous amount of money :0)
uh...if Alicia ummmed one more time I was going to go nuts!!!
I'm by the left side of the stage near like a pole.... I'm in bright red and probably one of the shortest people here
cry over cuts and stitches. not sluts and bitches.
what happened to Big Ben and the Yankees?
don't hate on just because she said that fannypaks needs to leave its her opinion every single person has their own opinion
what's going on in the ATL tonite...
PHX will be opening at 8:00AM for Record Store Day on the 21st! Sounds like a 2 cheese danish morning to me.
#RETWEET CHECK OUT TONY T NEW MIXTAPE "MR BEAT IT UP" ON DATPIFF.COM "DOWNLOAD" FEATURED BANGAS BEAT IT UP REMIX MY WORLD OF RAP DIRTY COKE
#HugACheerleader day tomorrow? "You don't get to touch me!"
Thank you to everyone who attended the General Membership Meeting on April 19 at Wisconsin Black Historical Society Museum!
that's good
So, looking at a clip from EW, I found out about the new Spider man movie, which seems like a remake of the first. Interesting. :)
sometimes my wife likes to visit me
Thanks to everyone for all the mothers day love.... RIP to my baby boy Angel
Why stop at one? I say the more the merrier! “: Every family deserves the blessing of a child w/ Down syndrome." :)
woo great job guys! Let's keep voting so they can stay there! :)
Go to for the good pizza in Seattle near by your hotel basicially - don't you think & Shih_Wei ?
where-ever I go, I find David Foster Wallace has been there before me.
If anyone wants to be in a video were making for cody, please follow and go to our favorites on that account.
Mani-pedi today= yes!! I need this.
If you're not hard to get, you'll be easy to forget.
Lord, its early
Bad news: 1/3rd of Beastie Boys dead of cancer. Good news: Licensing Beastie Boys songs for luxe car, shoe commercials just got 33% easier.
And that Emily is back on #Bachelorette to meet someone wealthy so she can raise Ricki with all the horses a girl could ever dream of
it was probably a cardinals fan
Thanks for getting us over the 800 follower mark! Look forward to seeing you & your family in here again.
what is the pain stemming from?
that fountain is actually quite lovely when it's turned on. I've never understood why o'Bryant square is so seedy.
Nice read, and very true!
thanks, not so bad yourself.
I hear ya! That is outrageous!!! How am I supposed to survive with a pack of Newports costing me $5.49!
It really is unnecessary. And I think I've just about had enough of the positive "quotes" all damn day.
One redirects: "let's work on the important points we've just discussed."
Rehearsed DJ Roc'Phella and Marvin Shields Jr. Yesterday for Chop Suey show. Should be fun.
Off to the Rose Parade!
is there a reason they did the pecking order challenge on an even number tribal when the odds of someone flipping are lower?
#Marvelous Monday: ,
If I were a pro basketball player, I'd shave my head.
On the way to #sec12!
How about some sweet wine for your sweetheart? Come in to THE CASK today to receive 15% off of any sweet wine! #HappyValentinesDay!
The grandma on teen mom is a bitch
A day of GREAt news! 1 friend in Florida, FAR, FAR, FAR, from God...SAVED!!!!! 1 friend in Chicago, free of cancer!!!!!
“: Fresh out the shower, bout to head out in a few” where tha party at
have a great weekend too.
Zones are configurable via web based control panel or JSON API. We have a 30 day guarantee to try us out risk free. How can we help?
it's okay I was 30 minutes late anyways :) we start that project tomorrow
I love
#HowImGRAND No matter what happens i don't cut/hurt myself..your story about bullying helped so much <3
Thanks for the tweet, Scott! AMAZING indeed! :)
This has been a really tough week for me and my family.... Trying to tell jokes to get by - Please send positive thoughts our way -
YOLO is You Only Live Once :D
Red sweaters, Christmas decorations, the music and the joy! Don't you just LOVE Christmas?? Pass the joy along today...his name is Jesus!
Mincie wouldn't be complete without gettin smashed with
I was too. In fact, I locked myself in my room on Sunday night, too scared to leave.
i firmly believe that tyra banks is the person who has contributed the least to american society in the last ten years.
I agree! RT : Spring is messing with us.
Okay forreal if Will Forte plays that crazy guy I will roll out the door
Omg there's a snow storm... gotta love Colorado
Where is she at when I need her
you got that one thing lol follow me plzs luv ya
My mom better let me go over Laura's this weekend .
Jogger91: Know how I can get a copy of the presentation on Expert Databases -KM div, Mon am? Not in Handouts on SLA site #sla2009 or hav ...
the 2 promo concerts I went to were probably the 2 fave days of my life, so the connection thru music was definitely felt :)
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: All it takes to change is to get started.
So true. I got a ColdBuster today. Not sure if it actually makes me feel better, or if it's a placebo.
On the flip side, Orson Welles would be a shrewd replacement for Mike Mayock.
what a fantasy X)
North Carolina why are you so hot?
Right house but bad timing for one of my buyers. Fingers crossed that we can get all the ducks in a row. Open house on Sunday!
Why its it all these sexy gay people on twitter live no where near me? Oh yeah, I live on a rock.. Hawaii needs side sexy guys..
Urbargain starts to signup Merchants in Raleigh,NC. Early bird specials available for a limited time
Us, Today @ Kofenya TONIGHT!
And when I'm at school I'll just tweet and complain about how I hate everyone
Last full weekend for Christmas shopping? What is on your wish list?
#FollowBack Please! Thanks!!
can. be your west virginia wife? lol:)
Everybody have a lick-o-rama day this Hump Day!!!
Shit... I should probably start going tanning since I'm borderline albino
when are you coming over? Chris still sleeping. Not that it matters much
And the Beale Street flippers are the halftime show!
clearly disconnected with their child, probably older than average, and should be slapped.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
hey friend! I'm blessed what's been up with u?
I was living in a devil town, didn't know it was a devil town.....
it def hasn't been the same. Very inconsistent. But again, I fault the writers.
have you heard or received anything from the farm about our CSA? isn't it supposed to start soon?
Think like a man." is a movie.
Cool! I'll follow you back!
can I get one?
Just ran into - yay!!
Can the musicians play "I'm a Believer" in honor of Davy Jones next hour?
My stomach can't handle this early in the morning.
lol we chill Saturday brendan and um your buds.
« Today in 1976, Apple founder Ronald WAyne sold his 10% stake in Apple for $800. Current value: $58,065,210,000»
Come to Portland, Oregon good sir!
Hey guys this is my 35th tweet. Thanks for the good times, my eight loyal followers.
RIP Peter.. You'll be missed.
it's hard to imagine The Watchmen being any funnier or stupider than it already is but i get your meaning!
When asking for chips at a Mexican eatery, isn't salsa implied?
Hammond peeps!!!! We gonna be at Cate St Pub wed nite!!!
Shaq may have been a better rapper than analyst.
Almost got run over twice in the last five minutes.
“No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.” ― Robert Frost
There us a thunder storm in my tummy.
My prayers are w/ #Japan. But who believes what we're being told about the #nuclear disaster? Don't these people deserve the truth?
haha just got home. figured id just go right to bed so I can wake up early :)
Any New Year's Resolutions? “One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: To rise above the little things.”~John Burroughs
Fun times at San Francisco DMV *sarcasm
i know you are but what am i...i hate when ppl say tht!
Over 30 women in the past year, she put scratch marks on my back
i will tina...we can do it tomorrow
Kennedy: We need to talk about hope so there's something for them to fall back on
have a great, safe and productive trip!
yes it is an awesome day! Working on some major projects inspired by your coaching program!
thank you <3
Shout out to my boys at Dayton for beating another great team in Temple today. Keep flying high guys & working hard
Who has the best kitchen, Bree, Gaby, Lynnette or Susan?
I have cried But gotta let God deal with them.
"Biggest turnoff! Niggas wit no swagg..fake polo..dirty shoes…ugly dirty fitted caps..oan stanky breath..smh."
Movie night with the girls ;)
says she cares more about her job and the truth than Penn State as her alma mater. She compartmentalizes her feelings.
oh! Start with "thank you"
On a Gartner webinar - Takeaway: Less is more with governance. Design the least amount of governnce required to make great decisions.
Having a hard time getting my leg out of this blood pressure machine at Wal-Mart.
Check out our very own Phil Firetog singing his song shamless
no man, my knee fucking hurts. busted my shit when i walked outta the pisser last night, some fucker spilled water everywhere
haha give me a min i will!
What a freakin fantastic week so far... Holy smokes, it's only halfway done too. So beyond ready for Saturday
OMG 20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!! PLEASE TWEET ME
Thx to all of you for the #ff today. Always appreciated.
Feels like the #Rams counter proposal is aimed at the opt out. No sense of compromise on the "top tier" thing..
ah sweatpants Ann's turtlenecks At the same time??
you may be wondering how many more eps of millionaire matchmaker i can possibly watch in a row. as many as it takes to become
Ikr , I Barely See ANY Vegas Team Mindless . Me And My Bestfriend Are Like The Only Ones !
the song is decent not really my style though sorry
ILLUSION NEVER CHANGED INTO SOMETHING REAL, IM WIDE AWAKE AND I CAN SEE THE PERFECT SKY IS TORN
lol I didnt even kno they had one for baby dads......its all bad lol
my mom worries way to much about stupid shit
LOL, so true!
live the life you love.
Debit card on strike swiper no swiping. Next year I'm converting into a Jehovah's Witness
I Love wiz and I aint scared to say it <<<
OMG really?! we better get a move on i guess...
Interesting how many Media Lab companies are about, "bringing your data back to you"
fantastic , definitely worth checking out the live show.
Modernist Gorilla! Just need to keep playing Mega-millions.
...but also because you talking about them makes you look so much weaker; cause I don't EVER hear them bringing YOUR name up...
Lee DeWyze. Next American Idol? I think so. :)
FOLLOW BACK?!
I can't watch it -__- Let me know how it is :)
would like to give you a great big orgasm for Christmas!
Best week ever! Met , , , and Melissa Ponzio! I love you all, thank you so much! <3
wow are you making mangu could I have some lol
I can see that, but I present wireframes all the time. It puts the focus on content, visual priority, and IA first. Then I prototype.
This just in: perfect Sayaka is perfect, sky is blue, grass is green.
That was a sick goal from Ramires. Sheesh. The drama level at this match is off the charts.
Good enough to get their, great enough to stay
Vandy win was big for #badgers confidence. They are not in awe of Syracuse or just happy to be in Boston.
They usually do! ;)
The Charlotte Bobcats are hosting the New York Knicks tonight at the Time Warner Cable Arena. You can call us now for tickets: 888-493-0004
Happy Valentine's Day everyone! <3 <3 <3 We love all of you for the support you've shown, a lot of things to announce this spring/summer!
can't believe what I just saw on !
where and when is the show on Sat?
Wow what a day March madness and Food. Expressly Gourmet has you covered on snacks, soda and water. Place your order at...
LOVE the quote! LIVE the quote! :)
What's Going Down this Weekend I Heard its gonna be Big!
A complete overhaul of forum software? They have just been talking about security updates so far.
fuxxxxxxxkkkk no hambone in lineup. Great just great.
Thanks for the follow.
singing baby got back>>>> #secondhighlightofmyday(:
I can't believe I'm saying this but.. I think it's time to change the twitter bio😳
don't feed them! Especially not after midnight.
No score in the third. Score still North Texas 2, FIU 0.
I love mangos. :) Because I'm sure all 313 of you were wondering.
Right Said Fred Savage Garden #Actors/Bands/AllThatShit
If you're looking for Celebrity Bookings & Party Promotions check out . Thanks for the follow.
what's up fool
I have a really good feeling about this season. Can't wait to see what they bring to
Going motorcycle riding! :)
I'm tired of the digital age. Could you bring another nomenclature?
Been in the game for years, but now its starting to roll
He plays for the Orioles...incredibly unfortunate.
yeah yeah haha
Quick lil workout and shower... Now off to the statehouse
The death of Osama baseball edition: George W. Bush with the win, Obama with the save.
so cold.
dude me too! O_o
It's been almost 28 hours since I ordered my new phone. I can't believe it isn't HERE yet!!
I need someone to care about
its on my fb :)
you wish you sing like your sister lmao
can you please make my night and follow me back ? (:
I'll probably remain a constant dreamer my entire life ;)
Looks like we'll be hearing the news helicopters in spades as tomorrow is May Day and protest season starts in earnest.
I miss my parents dark blue leather sofa. So comfy. I think they actually absorb u when u lay in them.
For sure! It was great meeting you 2! I'm sorry I didn't end up making it to your panel, but I'm sure it was a hit!
You are the conductor in your own life. With God, Spirit, Source or The Universe being your grand orchestra. You decide how it will all ...
RT : RT Q3 Changing gears. What’s the silliest thing a non-runner has said/asked you about running?
Bowling with my son, Bears @ Tinhorn Flats & the Broncos Must be put Down. Wearing 34 Sweetness jersey...gonna need it...we got no QB!
I ain't even talkin bout u silly
email us please, and we'll have someone reach out to assist.
ill be there in 5!!!
Been waiting a lot of years to say this again. BIG TEN CHAMPS!
Gloria Allred's "We the People" = Actors doing enactments of court cases. Why is this on TV?
#BostonSportsReport: Would New York Rangers vs. Los Angeles Kings Stanley Cup Final fall short of ratings blockbuster? (Puck Daddy)
Break that single...was hot!
Me to....look a bar!
We will see next week im a fan of all you girls but everyone have there own input.
Same back to you! Thanks :-)
Thanks 4 the follow! Great to connect with you!
Great time at the park with and
I currently feel like wine, I get better with age.
So Far To Go by J-Dilla and Common is my shiiiit!
Welcome and Happy Friday to We'll be needing some weight loss services in a couple weeks! ;)
"doing that tomorrow" not now haha I sleep now!
No Problem! We can't wait to view your film and we encourage our followers to do the same!
