New Look What I Did jams via the Zanzibar I rock opera, which will come slowly over time, may begin popping up online soon ;)
These past couple days have been rough but all I can do is keep my head up high and strive forward even though it hurts me....
i want some takis! D:<
FSU would play UNC AGAIN? Who you like third time around??
ha! oh the good ol days
There's nothing like the sound of thunder and rain to get me into the studying mood. Definitely time for lounge pants and hot chocolate.
Reinforce what you wantto see repeated.What gets rewarded gets done. Brian Tracy
My roommate called me the other day.....no just no.
thanks Arlen! :* but youd be surprised the jerks I meet lol and not to mention older guys. I want someone my age!
lmao *plays go-go remix of "Jingle Bells" then a hyphy remix*
don't feel too old - I'm still not totally sure what hash tags are!
< games disks stopped being read, then the CD tray stopped closing
must be nice!!
Can't wait to photograph and at College in North Andover this Friday! Who's coming? Tix are only 20 bucks!
Have discovered that it's close to impossible to move across the country and stay on top of tweets and tweeters! Twitterverse, I'm back!!
aye yo son gangsta as hell cussing n shit
Hope everyone is having a great spring break!
Cheer up, - it didn't touch your hair!
I know man my SF position is horrible!
Whoever raised 1K to send all employees red, blue, & green cupcakes all flavored boring vanilla is my new hero.
Alex Honnold segment... Amazing.
Featured vocalist , Stephanie Ferret. Also Streamed Live :00pm(pst) on www.ustream.tv/summersizzleseries
RT ": How many retweets can this get? :D"
Wouldn't LeBron's taste better? If Heat lose this series nobody will let them live it down.
Loved every minute of our interview with
Still love you, boo.
Killer dames, LOL! And let's hear that story... :)
The Hottest Athletes Strip All The Way Down For ESPN! (PHOTOS) Summary: ESPN has hit us with their third annual Body Issue, celebrating
no disrepect... U are so pretty to me!!
Sometimes I remember Stoney at random moments - I cried while chopping parsley (ask Dave). Memory is good. (&PHM rocks!)
ok I'll set the alarm :)
RT : I cannot imagine how the clockwork of the universe can exist without a clockmaker. -Voltaire
Today has been a rough day.. Lets hope my second job will he better
Hanging out with and some Scratch 60
Why be with me and him at the same time while you could have him all to yourself? I rather you gamble with his feelings than mines.
Chocolate swirl #Juniors #Cheesecake AMAZING!!!
excited about the caesarstone challenge!
No, we want some more we want some more we want some more.
Ok so iduno how u say u aint gay if u fuck a guy in jail.like is just yo dick thats gay?Id choose my hand over a dudes booty hole ne day lol
The baseball team is back on campus after its trip home from the Marion, Ind., win. Two days off then prep for NAIA World Series starts Wed.
Sen. Manchin votes against repeal of Healthcare Reform-joins Sen Rockefeller and all other Dems.
I saw the announcement on the Queer Caucus' FB page. I'd ask
She said she a dancer, Imma call her prancer
: ": Friday, April 13th It's going DOWN! #THETAKEOVER with in the mixx! More info coming soon!""
would love to have coffee one day. I'll email you. Will send Linked In invite too. urock!
Chrysler tag
Parents, did you know that secondhand smoke kills approx 430 US newborns each year from sudden infant death syndrome?
Back in Memphis had a great time in Nashville
send me some free play type stuff. im coming to play and stay in june!
Yesterday was so perfect.. and today was good until got my really sad news :'(
Julia Cameron (#theartistsway) stresses that we must take "Artist's Dates" to refresh and stimulate our imaginations.
hard to explain , I work for insurance company tho
Give us a call to discuss shipping. We sell through designers and can certainly arrange shipping, 212-759-8700
Good night-- snow falling and singing in the bus ride home.
the cure
Augmented reality games with cross-media provide engagement and exploration, not bound to as desk
If The NFL wanted to protect players. They should have suspended Sean Payton 3 years ago .How does The NFL explain that?
we love having you guys out!
Wow, Peter King on NBC just said Peyton injured himself in the North Central High School Weight Room.
Less than a week til the next Alberta Street Teahouse tea tasting – 4/15 from 1-3pm! Sign up by emailing
U R seeing CORE that uses proprietary wireless 2 send info 2 display. Link sends to smartphone. Can use CORE w/o display (I do)
My daughter wants to go into R/D, she's been going to school for that. Not sure anymore though, she's changing her major again
You said that you could let it go.&i wouldn't catch you hung up on somebody that you use to know..
Pop, lock, and drop it RT : I feel like dancing .... :D
Do you have allergies? If so, which?
"She knows my heart like a work of fine art, and I love her like a Tennessee breeze." Can't get these lyrics outta my head.
RT : "No"? That just means "ask someone else" ;-) #Charisse'sWorld #"I'mpersistant
work w/ Recruiters & Hiring Managers to understand the culture/environment-or ask for contact info of someone in the role you want..
you were tweeting .. niether of you tweeted me.
“Don’t find customers for your products, find products for your customers.” - Seth Godin
hey baby birds who wants ta go to Head Slammers with my friend and I next SAT? RT & send a message
Drank my coffee IN the shower this morning.
Service pros: Scold a client at a first (or any) meeting for tardiness, forgeting an item or misunderstanding, bad PR ensues.
more than 2,000 for sure before litigation is over. 12,000 is an estimate of ALL potential claimants, according to court docs.
i dislike being sick i hope i feel better soon.
Morbid Curiosities goes until June 8 ... you should go!
Pearson: Algebra 1, biology, Environmental Science, Geometry.McGraw Hill: algebra 1, Biology, Chemistry. Geometry, Physics. No HMH books? :(
so tired from work
At 64 degrees it's 20 degrees warmer in #TippCity, OH than #FarmingtonHills, MI
What do you want for Christmas?
watched re runs of Bam's Unholy Union all day on that show was funny as fuck man
That's newseum.
#sxswedu is a much better bet. Plus a good time, I'm sure. I thought about going...let me know how it is.
223 folks have appreciated the #poetrymarathon ... Are you among those numbers?
North by Northwest is on TCM. nice!
Hey Karl, I just checked my grades, how come I have NGR in replace of final grade?
to bad thats a fake its been online for like 5 years now
Today is gonna be a good day 💗
Sam Donaldson is a name dropper! Interview subjects Warren Buffet, Ronald Reagan and Colin Powell mentioned so far.
Swim for the music that you know that'll save you when you know you won't survive.
Is My Bitch And I Love Her So So So Much!!
spent more than half the day trying not to fall asleep.
hey! Can you dm Christian too? I can't go a day without watching his vids! I even downloaded doctor stalker off of iTunes. Thx
you're most welcome. Merry Christmas to you!
I have a lot of those kinda people man it sucks that's why my circle of friends is so small now HAHAHA
I want crab legs :<
who you talking about. Sales
doppio espresso this am and it was delicioso. Another, please.
Twiddling my fingers I never been so bored in my life
Just explained to that JB stands for
RT : I'd really like to have a beverage with Annie Clark.
One month from today-GAGA!! E!!!!! I might be slightly excited :)
I often have to play the guessing game to pinpoint whose crotch I'm looking at.
Hey guys! Sorry I haven't been tweeting much! whats every gonna be up to today?! ;D
She said she love me.. what ever that is
if im louder would you see me?
Thanks for a great night Milwaukee! Remember, we will have both floors open for Valentine's Day this Tuesday.
I haven't tweeted in a while. Hm, well my life is great right now :) I have everything and everyone I need in my life<3
President Obama announces his support for same-sex marriage. Thoughts? Do you think this will become a major issue in the election?
what time is it?
Hate boring people who r afraid to take risks
stomach just started hurting idk why
Exert your talents, and distinguish yourself, and don't think of retiring from the world, until the world will be sorry that you retire.
Nice summation of #Avengers history.
Thank you and for a great weekend in Monterey, time to get home &
Seeing Chronicle. I hear it is awesome!
Wow honestly. My mom is mean to me all the time and never apologizes buy
Show this afternoon at Crossroads went great! Gonna sleep good tonight! Tomorrow night {Monday} Bar Fly rocks Dales in Orange City!
Vote for Katherine Priore in 7x7 magazines "hot" list. I mean she is pretty hot AND she heals children thru yoga. Getting my vote...
Kush break anyone?
youre following 666 people! just thought i should let you know eddie! O_______________O rebecca black.
vote NO to SOPA/PIPA supported by all type voters. Unlike term limit, don't hurt self. Plus they already pocket the $$$!!!
Saddest thing is seeing your grandma cry.
If you're looking to lose yourself in a big novel over Thanksgiving break, I recommend Peter Nadas's Parallel Stories.
based on tweets from over last month, Madison is short on DBA resources or there are some serious DB build outs underway...
sushi date my my favorite girrl☺
It really does taste damn good. Thats kinda all I ate when I was there. That and Hard Rock Cafe.
Kiss Your Cat For Good Luck :3
There's also a script written for a third Bill and Ted movie with them middle aged.
It seems a lot of people do that. Read Kindle on various devices.
Checking in @ NOLA airport heading back 2 the Other LA! Gonna miss ya, but will b back in 2 weeks!
I'm so into bubbles, no, really
Ha, when I do that, it's just b*tching.
RT : R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay |
sure it was!
NAFC Post Fight Party host is also the area's #1 spot to watch MMA-Star Bar, 631 N Milwaukee St, featuring the famous 150" mega screen!!
What would be the better death: falling off a ledge or dying for popcorn?
haha bald would be sweet!!!!;) But Im just gonna go super short!
Finally got n to with my foto pass. Excited to see haha
If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose- Charles Bukowski
I haven't.. I'ma check him out though!
We loved having you! Thank you! RT : Thanks to all who listened to me gab today and enjoy (&share) the tiny underpants!
Just watched #insidejob ... disturbing
#raw10 I was riding with an Atheist, when the Brakes went out. The Atheist screamed out, Help Me Jesus!
When the kid in front of you smells like must
"That guy's about as funny as a bad analogy"
Who knows. It's all Pinky & the Brian up in her furry head. She could take over some day and it could all start with this.
dude what the fuck is up I haven't talked to you in forever!
Enjoying lunch outdoors. Austin is beautiful!
Long time no see. I've been out of commission for a couple of months, but posted pix from SF
Isn't technology awesome? :)
exactly how much do 1Dtickets cost?
Tmobile phones am starting to hate u!!! Cant wait till contract ends.
Louis' theme song- Diva by Beyonce
"No officer, I'm not intoxicated".
yum I love ziti anything pasta actually :)
I wish for the best, give everyone a big hug from me
aww, well YOU don't. xo
We are a polite band so SUCK OUR DICKS PLEASE! Thanks! You da bitch POPS. For all those offended: "Nothing is sacred" Quit crying, PLEASE!
sounds like an awesome day. let me know if you need a mixer for your new project.
I don't have an iPad, but I assume that the game apps work for both the iPad and the iPhone. I like Lil Kingdom.
Why are you so happy? Cause u didnt go to school or what?!?
Distribute your ignorence to someone else's TL please
Organizing and tossing, in prep for my new palm beach/moroccan/romantic bedroom designed by !
Manny Accos-ted again. To be fair, he was squeezed on Ramirez. Nonetheless, he needs to be buried 6 feet under a lettuce patch.
I don't get the reference... but I dig the song. I listened to the whole thing. I think I'm going to keep it.
What was your most memorable or outrageous part of Market Days. Send pics to us about those experiences. Pease and xoxo
A happy life is one which is in accordance with its own nature. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
no matter what happens tomorrow, I will cry like a baby, regardless of which outcome occurs #nervous depends on tears of joy or sadness lol
chuckviaskype is the username! I will answer a couple of calls
RT There is no cosmetic for beauty like #happiness. ~Lady Marguerite Blessington
NAPEO begins tomorrow. See you there!
great show #7!
Got #Tapes ? All media tape orders placed in January get FREE shipping – save even more on already aggressive rates. Call today!
I like it! Thumbs up
um well I've had it and it's so good and now I'm gonna be a fatass
pretty sure I'm not gay and yes it was a solid day. Got a lot accomplished
great meeting you here :)
I'm so glad that school is almost over and I won't have to worry about hw and tests for a long time.
/o on his Succezz and there Grind Zealousimages
Good job!
that's good
"She's a lot of fun and you're no fun at all. She completes you!"
still top of the list
I plan to nap on and off for a few hours and then bored eat.
Your greatest fear shouldn't be that of failure but of excelling at something that doesn't really matter.
We want to seeLarry Merchant to kick Mayweather's arrogant ass!
Watching my CU Buffs on top of Okie State by 4 pts. at halftime. Or am I dreaming?
Its starting to show...I maid the stupidest mistake of my life :'(
I have the best friends!!!!!!
My NBC affiliate preempted for a special on the Olympics. I don't get why Thursday at 7 is a disposable timeslot for them.
Today should be a good day; easy practice, portillos, go on a date <3
you got it
Love horror !! I'm getting the book !! All the best luck !
wow, I had no idea! That's a beautiful rendering of the quote too.... just in my mind i intertwined love letters & blessings
Pomegranate is mentioned in Europe as early as the Iron-Age Greek Mythology in the Homeric hymns.
It hasn't even tweeked enough interest in me to check.
I laughed! :)
You should check out
Is it too early to be excited for Halloween and all that caps-screenprinting.com equipment can create?
RT : Must have deliverables that say "hey, my community wants this" yup. Know thy community/ies
Thx 4 reaching out, #FF “Rain dance Friday night, weather permitting” ~ Carlin
If Megan has 6000 words to write, 2 exams ahead and 33 days in England, how many fucks does she give about her grades right now? Zero.
concede it to Kentucky, but rooting for Kansas..
Thank you sir! Much obliged.
congrats for ur graduation!
MKT's automatic parallel parking system employs ultrasonic sensors, as opposed to competing offerings that use cameras
Who is Derek?
Accidentally took a nap with a sick child. Well I'll be up for a while....but thank goodness for Kids NyQuil, she won't be! XD
it's amazing how a typo can destroy your life.
Thanks for recommendation! & I are at in Chicago!
TGIF!! And have a great weekend:) :)
Niggas so quick to hop on twitter with mess, hop on this 🍆
Reading a book & having to reread the same paragraph over and over because your thoughts are too distracting.
working the graveyard shift msuddenly ain't so bad when you can see The Roots crew jamming w/ Bruce Springsteen!
and our high school broke the internet
I am well sated. Commencing curry-coma...
yeah poor justin):
a gentleman and a scholar... Enjoy your 4th!
i just went through all your favorites and laughed at my own tweets
Woke up this morning and couldn't feel my legs ...still can't feel them lol
E.L. Luther - first agent 100 yrs ago. E.L.? A.) Edison Lee? B.) Elliot Lewis? Or, C.) Ernest Leonard?
#FollowFriday A fantastic writer, blogger about all manner of subjects
very ATx. Just watched zenith at west lake. Great performance
Jon Hamm introducing Day 3 of the #NFLDraft? Consider my juices flowing!
Women sound so sexy when they aren't talking.
Holy shit, guys, #HappyBaekhyunDay is already trending worldwide! xD<3 Shiners are cool~^^
Anytime! I got your back lady :)
love you. Been following you since the beginning
Talking social media & compliance. First key: Establishing trust
8 billion people in the world, and your the ONLY one I want :) <3
#FF RT : Just realized my boyfriend & I have photos of each other as the wall paper on our new iPhones. It's disgusting!
nah man
On your shoulders I can see!
and - so glad y'all are here! Welcome!
LAWLZ what a gay tweet
When I was kid I used to think that my heart was actually ''♥'' shaped.
they are out there now... need someone to light the lamp for
Thanks brother RT : man badass song. Good work keep on keepin buddy
Chillin in Orono for a bit until the game at 4!
Thanks for the follow Doesn't it feel like Monday?
#howtomakeitinamerica STOP DEPENDING ON FOREIGN GOODS!
that might have something to do with you not even watching the best season of it yet.
I tend to go a bit over the top. I could give you a lesson if you need one.
oh. nice. i like skype.
“: “: I wanna see Zimmerman in cuffs doing the perp walk” WORD.” WORD.
Doing some crappy work for my CIS class, remembering CCNA stuff, the OSI model, network architectures, etc... Ooh joy!
Someone should play draw something with me!!!!! Username is Michael1394
r u still sick? Well at least ur not going to he doctors tomorrow
#masseffect3 face import - fail. Forced multiplayer - fail. Forced to pay for day 1 DLC already on disc - fail. Horrible ending - EPIC FAIL.
speaking on my favorite topic...The Candidate Experience. So many candidates are customers for B2Cs...treat them well!
There's no way Nicki Minaj is on heavy rotation in my Rdio network--it consists of 5 grown men.
Speak Out * Take Action * Fight Back "Say No 2 Blast" bLAST On Blast !!!! On Blast Action Alert Call Pabst Brewing Co. “800” Number
So, if you give me some nutella, I'll love you forever. We just ran out </3
Priority mail is normally 2 to 3 days so keep an eye out and it should be there before Friday. Hope you are feeling better soon.
Another trip to or should I call it Burger kink since dis bitch talking like a pornstar
long 2's are killing us
SHENANIGANS!! Shift Key for structure auto build repeat in SC2?!?!? NOW we know how Michael is spiking the charts!
I see , I fallow him now!
Need to watch a movie or something because this book is way too depressing.
You are so kind - thank you for always keeping me in mind. Have a wonderful day!
Water st?
finally lol i love you too!
“: RT : Yes! Digital Decisions will be an ebook soon! That's great! Can't wait.
Fiesta San Antonio. Once dias de puro party.
Thanks for the add - Welcome to my Funhouse of Fiction!
Ah...Lovely. Guy get away with anything?
what happened!
RT : Proud to announce UNC star Kendall Marshall () as a new client (cc )
Great game let's not stop now.. let's keep rolling. Great win guys.
Love NEVER fails. If you love someone that is hard to love with the love of GOD, that love will not fail nor will be void.
Any girl who gets Pregnant did it cause she Wanted to .
$60,000 for two rear wing assemblies? The bumpers don't even work! What a waste of money
Session through good nite
www.thomastradingonline.com >>> shop!
lol its cool
Yes!! My mom is coming down this weekend & she LOVES German.
Filming a music video today for a new song we wrote!
Hope this works. RT : Please change the #diginow hashtag to #diginow12 - to avoid the spam we're seeing. Thanks!
it would be interesting to read a study on survivors who had to go into debt in order to leave--I had to. Financial abuse is tough!
aw damn
I have the biggest headache, the damn car trunk slammed me in my head.
Second only to your #Badgers, right?!
RT: Tx Aggies jump out to big early lead, then choke, blow lead & embarrass themselves. btw, Rick Perry's an Aggie. Coincidence?
yeah, far. but great huh? i'm going to look it up
I love how the word out has one letter seperating them. O-i-U-y-T
Saturday night!
what should her @ name be?
You have found Nirvana. RT : Enjoying a frosty this Super Bowl Sunday Funday.
I like the positivity of Almost like a Rudy-esque twitter motivational speech. Good luck !
btw, don't mean to come across as "interrogating," i just like to learn how diffrent public libraries provide their services. :o)
In Seattle, its almost partytime. How's it shakin where you are?
I am a whole new kind of crazy today. Should be somewhat entertaining
No tweeds a day keeps the followers away.
Fuck A Nigga Money Make Me Come
The Swedish Chef dropped a “say hello to my little friend” when he cleaned out the fridge! ❤
President to Announce Reduced FHA Refinance Fees
gmail is down... for me
what you booing me for?! Lol
But if income rose (instead of falling) wouldn't that be neutralized by the sales tax? So people don't see more money...
Auditioning for the new In Living Color.
At&t raising the bar.
Thank you for the support :D
Definitely inflammation. Cutting gluten was prob the main thing. Knee bursitis and bum shoulder gone in a few months.
Ha! I'm twitter ancient!
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough - Mae West
ugh unfortunately I'm fenced in. Serious problem. Ha. Trapped
The most boring tweets ever are on thanksgiving. I really don't care what you are thankful for.
LUKE, I AM YOUR FATHER...and your mother. You might want to sit down for this one son...
im wasting my time.
<_< RT : So I'm at the gas station to get gas. I forget to put my car in park and my car starts rolling back lmaoooo
Can't wait to head to Cape May this weekend...beautiful beach weather is much needed after this rainy week!
k thanks
oh! I must try that. Thanks for the tip :)
hilarious editing tonight.:)
This dude just walked into Bed, Bath & Beyond with his pajamas on...bathrobe and everything.
UTvac, thanks for following us on Twitter!
is there something in the water or is it the spring air that is making everyone act unusual...
Watch 9volleyball4ever's youtube videos, ya digg?
I swear he mad lol
you're going to hate me tomorrow.
Im beyond bored.
Ochocinco's sex face looks like my shit face!!
Are you near Biloxi? I've heard there's a little something to do there.
Played MW3 with Alex and practically all day :) What a great way to start the weekend! <3
Both and bring home series victories this weekend!
Alejandra wants the Italian guy ;)
Wendys Got Better Nuggets But McDonalds Got Better Fries
wait till you see them in person
One of the few Mondays I have looked forward to
I simple am _______________!
Google the real player and some other apps on this chinkey HTC wildfire S do not work. Your Android is Shite.
Cool story! Looking forward to connected at
I just want to ride in airplanes and yachts.
Tom needs to make a twitter.
Maker bots are additive technology (as opposed to sculpture that takes away to create an object)
"RT : I'm too old to deal with little girls"
Wow. 3 tries to park my car correctly to get gas. Now I know how tired I truly am. Gas cap has been on drivers side for years. Impressive.
Happy Monday!
welcome to the call!
omg... that was hilarious lol
You're full of Sith. Haha, get it? I did it again.
I'm so tired of photos on Facebook making you feel guilty from a sad photo and telling you to "like if you care".
Fire in fitchburg. 18 people displaced on guilford road after fire breaks out at 1:15 am. No injuries. Fire originated in basement...
#sundaylibrarian without coffee. We'll see how that goes...
If you have ever wanted to learn to play the piano or are wanting to revisit the piano,this is for you! Let’s all have fun at Piano Source.
I just got so pissed off.
where at
anytime! good day for a convertible.
relaunch coming very soon
Yes! it was at the opening of and it was
Last night I ran 3 miles - took 35 minutes, but I did it. Bye, bye 30 pounds. I might run the Thanksgiving marathon, you in?
I Can Take You To Your Ecstacy, Jus Let Me Kno Where You Want It To Be
Today is National Pi Day. Come celebrate at (Morton's the Steakhouse) with a fabulous slice of Key Lime Pie for only $3.14!
love wordpress but #ccitis2012 is slowly converting me to a google sites user. waiting to be impressed by blogger
I'm gonna throw you in my DeLorean and gun it to 88.
I still can't believe we have a megaphone at work. lol *yells at people*
But, yeah, my mother told me never to use it because it equated deafness with stupidity, when I was really young.
Booked role of PACK in the upcoming Webseries titled "NORMAL" that I auditioned for last night. More info soon!www.imdb.me/dannyboushebel
Happy Payday! What do you love about Fridays? We're open until 7:00, just in time for you to start your night off right!
Thinking about making a new fb, but not sure just yet. if i make a new one i it will be under an Alias, just for i wont get deleted again.
I need a(nother) drink!!
He liked me.
All those crazy #Flyers fans in orange look intimidating
Our showroom at #SeattleDesignCenter is ready for the annual Sample #Sale. Make sure to visit us at suite 120!
Kylie,we love you,when r u gonna make a duet with Madonna,u both r the best!
Not sure if my brother likes my weight loss or not lmao his reaction was ”look at you... Umm... Wow... Look at you” lmao
Did it seem in anyway not to be?
Dope! Txt me
30s?! Someone send us on a vacation, asap.
I am heading out of the office to preview some unbelievably underpriced pieces of real estate investment opportunities.
Hey, GUI lovers: What will you do when Microsoft cuts the umbilical cord and expects you to know #PowerShell?
thanks for checking our website out and the mention!
send any inquiries to me
welcome to the old Milly. Holler if you want to get some drinks tonight.
mystery = solved!
you should have never let go ;)
I think that's why they do it. I wonder how many people watch
God does not fix your marriage-he will give you all the tools & resources to make the necessary changes to get the job done. Read your BIBLE
“ Now, 5 Easy Rules for Online Communities. (hint) Rule #4, Don't be an Asshat. #140MTL”
Salad, wine, & SVU. I wanna marry detective Stabler.
ooh yes! I'm an earring gal.. I'd be all for earrings! :D
it's not possible for me not to care about you..
I NEED one of those hearts on my sleeve shirts!!!
first day of dangerous experiment: running home from work. 2.5 miles, and totally out of shape.
Just finished the first draft of my ABC pilot. Came in at exactly 42 pages and about none of them are good. WHY DO I DO THIS!?
underage sex. Underage pornagraphy. Lets do it ;)
get ready for live tweeting of
welcome home!
Hope it wasn't a GSLIS Student, but if it was, kudos to the flagrant disregard for contextual irony. Blame it on #springfever !
Family gift to my parents: sorting and converting 50-60 yrs of Kdchrome to digital. Contemplating archival implications...:-)
You dont just stumble into the future. You create your own future. -Roger Smith
Thanks I appreciate it!
leftover comic books to give out from free comic book day!
I is so sad. forgot my hotdog and I is hungry
There isn't a person anywhere who isn't capable of doing more then he thinks he can.
awesome ! hey are you at home or school ??
Watched my first episode of Dr. Who today.. in love <3
My week was "engaging" connected with a lot of new people.
I J-Mike doing a rooster....as in "you can't stop the rooster"
Register as both songwriter & publisher. As for noflomusic, it's just my handle for EVERYTHING, so that's my publishing co. too.
Correction: Jamal Crawford made 37 straight FT's before missing just before halftime. (Thanks )
RT : RT if you think is
thanks for the follow bro returning the favor
not until friday.. and then im off saturday! /;
yay 2 million views on It Will Rain. Thank you so much for the collab. I wish more artist were like you:)!!
Really impressed how they have thought through how to use #mobile platforms for various types of #hcm biz processes.
Saw your blog. Is that a look you're after? I like it, but just want to get your taste cause I'm not in that palette.
I wanna go out tonite bt wit who ?
My Happiness Is Getting Taken Away From Me : (
you better.
P!nk, Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, and Rise Against are the nominees.
I was just staring at the screen, mouth open with a lil drool.. LOL
USF represent! ... RT : Elsewhere, Jeff Cunningham & Comunicaciones are top seed in Guatemalan playoffs.
#8mins ! :D we love you so much!<3
yeah I just feel D'ing W da stahs has more soul ... Per se
I'm pro Fat City Loft project.
You walked away from the one girl who thinks about you day &night.
Free open computer lab, computers available, an instructor will be on hand to answer questions. Wednesday April 25, 4:00-6:00 PM,...
LOVE THAT PLACE!!!! Have a great time and take tons of pictures! And do NOT, under any circumstances, chase the rattlesnakes.
hey Isuru. Glad Senuri is feeling better. please tell her I said hi!
I can always tell when you fuckers are high on weed. no one listens to Bob Marley, when they're sober.
That too.
#ifIwasNiall I would do a whole lot of things not considered socially acceptable.
thanks for the mention!!
awesome! Thanks!
They shorted us a few pieces on a $200 to-go order and, while they suggested we "remind them next time," I've never been back.
Thanks for the RT :-)
Angry Birds suicide hotline, which level are you stuck on? #FunSat (every saturday at 10am cst for 2 hrs)
Hopkinsville has a great one!
Man is a goal seeking animal. His life only has meaning if he is reaching out and striving for his goals. ~Aristotle
It's cold...cuddle night
Getting glam for Celebration of Service tonight. Excited to see so many service champions in 1 room, oh and Reba too.
Great job on Letterman ! Hilarious!
What kind of friend recommends a dry cleaner that doesn't accept credit cards? Shame on both you and Waters Edge Cleaners.
Social media is the wave of the future. Yup, that's right.
awe thank u so much!!! <3 and can u please tell the rest of the band i said hi and that i love them to death<3
Google "Prune belly" images
Seems to me that your base "map" could be any kind of image representing space-- incl. a stage or theatre.
that's true!! Maybe I'll wear a dress the first day and shorts the second :3 or the other way!
I stimulate my mind when I think of Man in Columbine
Never let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present.
Procrastination it wins every time.
It's awesome that Cooper is sniper-riflin badass on Justified now.
i wanna be your bestfriend!!!
Sitting on the taxi way in PHX. Homeboy next to me has downed a 20oz Coke and half a box of twizzlers. It's 900 am!!!!
Those two runs we walked ed in are pretty big right now. This is slipping away quickly for our Rangers
What better way to celebrate your independence than to come to Pasquini's for free beer and pizza from 3-5?!! Come get some freedom pies!!
FUCK WHAT THEY CLAIM IM IN HERE TO GET PAID YA CHICKS NEAR SHE SWITCH GEARS SHE RIDE ME NO SEGWAY
just have them copy down a few from homework and you can zip thru them!
Enjoy! Be safe!
❣Love❣ either finds equality or makes it. John Dryden
but, I've seen them get jammed...not fun. Still, I'm busting your chops for the foreseeable future for this one.
the hallway at my office smells inexplicably of shaving cream. which is not the worst inexplicable smell, when it comes down to it.
what's creepy as fuck is you stalking my tweets LOL
#FirstClassMailPresort - Advanced Mailing Services of Albuquerque, New Mexico offers automated presort for First Class mailings.
Follow me!!! I follow back!!:))
Must be you, our TV is fine!
To register, check your email for registration link. If you have not received this info, contact to sign up!
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people
there should be a twitition for the boys not being allowed to wear shirts. we might as well because theres a twitition for everything.
wot's yer email address? Will send Awesome. Promise.
": Ok now the fight is getting nasty.#rhonj"they always do
hi guys!Just wanted to tell everyone thanks for followings and mentions! Have a good night!
Like us on facebook to receive more motivational quotes and more content! Lets converse about anything, lets talk about life and the world!
ON CAM PLAYIN WITH MY SELF
Great I'm being followed by Tiffany Megan--she's taking over the world. I'm a bit shocked she wants this one. Oh well.
spendin $$$ always seems like a bad idea to me till tax time when i realize if i don't spend it on my business i gotta give it to Uncle Sam.
Busy editing a traffic jam of book blogs. Can't keep up with my own chicken scratch!
Yes! I just realized the ad is on the back of my Women's Health. 😔 Like, where was their copy editor?
MT: Yeah, and thanks to recent improvements you didn't even have to sleep on the floor. Maybe next time we'll actually feed you!
Good morning!! Looking forward to seeing you today. Prepare to roll up sleeves + dive into content, content, content! :)
Original Scared Straight program saw higher recidivism. Why does A&E think it is a good idea now? Harming kids for ratings?
Dick Clark made it to 2012. Now he's gone. Think about it.
Boom! Pow! has kicked off "H+ Music" focusing on musical projects with Transhumanist themes!
now following , fwm (:
We will have to meet up sometime!
Heat gon be good
private streets and public streets are in fact different. mayor is hoping to achieve fairness among all private streets.
Hey students: If you create a multimedia project for school, save a copy for your resume! We see many #interns w/ lost clips
Keep a well balanced diet high in Vitamin C, protein and zinc to speed up your recovery post surgery.
and myself have determined any show with the word "Break" in its name is amazing.
I hate dreams that feel so real
ya, love being part of the process, it really is magic. Cinema is King!!
lol Yeap we do..... I know damn we can't even have a party at the club anymore, thanx to Yall!!!!! Lol
would you rather go to a screamo band concert or a classical band concert???
Ah yoooo #FMG #We#Working DEF JAM RECORDINGS got at us m..... Deals coming at us
Cleveland is such an ethnic town. I love all the foods! At St. Mary's Romanian festival. Yum!!
Sore head to toe from several days in a row of hockey. Time to kick off the ol' skates and eat some soup!
My cute little dad washing my car in this heat when he can be at homr being lazy
def meant no one *
you're hilarious! <3
Time for a follow up MT : Dig deeper. some key players/SEC officials weren't talked to. Over at Ernst&Young too
May is Teen Pregnancy Month
I fucking hate my mom. Youre a dumb bitch.
I will soon know that feeling and I can't wait
same here g
“: Anybody know some good rap music about some real life shit? Name some!” All of Big Krit's mixtapes.
I remember when Trey lied to Furious while he was sitting down getting a haircut.
Creative up to four times more important than your media plan.
Cosmo Kramer is SUCH a spaz. SUCH. He makes me giggle every time.
Family guy:)
Sunday Funday means watching amazing casting edits!
#TriviaThursday Answer: Florence Nightengale is considered to be the founder of Nursing.
Remember Woolworth’s & Kaneshige Jewelers? Check out the MM exhibit. Go down memory lane see photos and other items from past and present.
My brother's gas in this heated car with the windows up<<<<<
Almost done with packing for Sacramento and #LerftCoastCrime. It's the short trips that take the longest to pack for!
love games no homo
Thought ole Blake was going to rip his jersey in half, but he really wouldn't dare. All talk, no walk.
what is it
Just hit up the local mini ramp in lansing, pretty sick and was fun as hell!
Trust me they'll like it. They love the attention. Hahaha.
9 free Google tools to use for real estate | Inman News undefined
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock. - Will Rogers
I WILL OMFG I'LL PROBABLY DIE FROM LAUGHTER
FoCoMX this weekend! We play Saturday! At Clippers Lanes at 6pm. Be there! Two day and One day passes going for a flat rate of $20!
With Rick Santorum out of the race now, I am doing something I never thought I would do. I am officially endorsing Ron Paul for president.
:-) Aint trying to be cocky , I got yo heart in my pocket
Hey !! I miss talking to you
To simplify things I should just change my title from "Supervisor of Student Workers" to "Dispatcher"
Are you google? Cuz ur everything I'm searching for ;) <3
hahah a virus ate it!! RT : A students dog can't eat a blog!
Denver vs. UNC intense #lax best game of the day
Lea Michele and Cory Monteith from Glee guest star on tonight's episode of The Simpsons, watch with us at 5!
Grace transforms fate into a meaningful vocation
does that sort of thing run in the family or..? Lol
Sometimes things have to seem worse before they can get better... Don't be fooled.
thats whats up. But dont for get about us brothers
I'm convinced we draw to ourselves ppl who reflect our character & values. Nathan's supporters are the most wonderful ppl ever!
these 4 days need to go by really fast!
yes! Love Mexican food. Need a marg now
Good times at Mordecais last night. You guys were a blast.-BH
as a reader if I like a book I am reading than I will read another buy that author not the editor I never look at the editor
. thanks Casey.
If you just put talk on web instead of lecturing in person, what would be lost? Very good question, not necessarily rhetorical.
I should...I need the rest of the week to recover from grad school hell week!
BUT I DON'T WANT MY CANADIAN TO BE IN A STUPID MOOD.
This is one of the disadvantages of wine: it makes a man mistake words for thought! ~ Anonymous
For the 2nd, write about the law that applies to your toy and how it applies (Use the paragraph from your summaries)
didn't get it text me now
If what you wished for came true today, are you really prepared for it?
Yellow bone super fine know im hitting it from the back .
uh oh....I hope you don't have to take your jacket off
NICE! Almost #Masters time RT: I was in San Francisco doing some US Open preview stuff. Will chat again this Monday.
i love you more <3
Those that would be fearless, must keep themselves guiltless. (mhc)
Im just ah nigga waitin on a fairytale to happen!!!
Week vacation at Hecienda Del Mar next to world class golf coarse, contact me for details www.mwishartpi.com www.mwishartinvestigations.com
parsons, I hope you know that when we part ways on may 17th....it will be the happiest day of my existence.
take a deep breath (or a big drink) and relax your mind...its as easy as pressing a key.......
Only 5 days left of school.
case in point
Looking for a new job! Possibly one where I work with people and not boxes.
Better than saying "Phillip Hummer with the 21st perfect game"
I paid, I went, it was a lot of movie. I was entertained for about 4 minutes.
got shades on your eyes, and heels so high that you cant even have a good time.
Looking forward to hanging with innovators from , , , and at tonight's Kickoff.
I can't explain THAT phenom. but not broken in the sense that it can still produce good, albeit in limited quantities, results
heading into the Park today for tech rehearsal! brace yourselves!
Sorry I just thought of this this morning. It's not "an escapegoat," it's "a scapegoat."
Seriously debating cancelling Netflix. I watch MAYBE 2 movies a month...but it's more like 1
I also think it starts with the product, it has to have something special about it, something that sets you apart.
Hope you all have a freakn fantastic friday!
It's really dark outside... stupid blackout
#jobs HTA Council is hiring! Event Coordinator- responsible for locating & planning fun & educational events the region....
Is that a response to "Going Rogue" or, dare I say, "Commando"?
Great idea! We've added links to high-res versions for most of the maps.
Watching God's work as I sit on this train. We are truly blessed. #OneGod.. bible says the goodness of God leadeth to repentence
Ironman or Hulk? Hulk all the way.
honestly , nah, you can't and.aren't you getting tired of capitalizing every first letter of a word? Lol jk
Feeling. Like john legend ...tonights the best night I ever had
"Livin' in a city of immigrants/ river rolls out & the sea rolls in/ washes away all my sins..."
Day 2 of: The Russian Brides; they are on my bed watching A Streetcar Named Desire.
plus for a worthy cause!
Putting Kevin Gregg on the mound in any situation is conceding to lose.
RT : Everyone wish a Happy Friday!!!!!! :)
no I went to bed ..I'm up early
“: You can touch the buns just don't touch the meet” Meat. Dumbass.
thanks 4 the shout out!
Watch for beautiful diatom images being posted soon on the NMNH Flickr site. Thank you Genna.
Correctio:n: My bad. That Brandon is ? Beaver not Napoleon. Beaver is a CB rumored committed to U of Washington
Happy Cinco de Mayo
Back n NYC grinding ....rehearsing ....
Sorry Mark, maybe next time!
I'm drunk enough to be drunk, but not drunk enough for the burn pain to go away.
Watching the free-again Dr. Horrible.
hey don't forget to ask!
Aggravated pimping, as opposed to what?
I've got your back, regarding and
Is at homecoming!!! :D
“: Good luck on your auditions!”>>thanks!
It's pretty cool being able to watch Coachella live on my iPad. Can't wait for this Dre and Snoop show later
love that song!
Photos by: , Styling by: & special guest models. . .
I didn't know y'all when I first saw you. And look at us now- We is BFFLs. Hahaha, but you're amazing, without a doubt <3
Steve Almond just told me that reading LGLA made him feel like a Jewish mother.
Sometimes I think the rumor mill is a living, breathing thing. Ugh.
girl let me see your 2 Chainz old name
Yup. Your a man whore.
omg I know so excited!!
you can't read can you? & not as ugly as you dick sucker lol
People who say "It is what it is" all the time -__-
Question, define unstructured data.
Sorry- I haven't been on twitter, just found your tweets. But we're set up nonetheless for a F2F. Try text, email, biznik...
Can't remember watching that one, but it's a famous quote.
It Was Nice Seeing #Oomf Yesterday.
Don't be scared of a little pain, pleasure is on the other side.
yes they do :)
I'm be lowkey trying to play call a duty but this dude never be on it anymore lol
To secure his base OBAMA promises more Post-Election Flexibility for the mentally challenged, but politically committed masses.
Beautiful! Cheers for that.
Finally just got to see the movie #RedTails! Can't wait to add this one to the collection!
yayyyyy!!! Cutest girls ever :)
Hey : sign up and I'll race ya to the finish on October 22! Oh and don't be jealous of my sweet spandex!
it more beautiful of a person is her personality and you have personality <3...
#ff we won't bite, we'll just say nice things! Studio 34: Fantastic supporter of the arts in W. Philly
Network Marketing is not about being good at SALES. It's about having a duplicatible system. That's why anyone can do it.
We can't wait for your review. ;)
Hoping to play at Orange Drive Miami Beach Music Festival 2012! Interested in attending?
My flinging-dirty-clothes-across-the-room-into-the-hamper skills leave a lot to be desired this morning...
I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you.
My wife and I just had our second baby girl. Maybe with all your energy, you could visit and stay up with the baby!
Hahaha! Juan, you kill me!
That's what they all say! RT : LMFAO, It was gonna happen. I just gave up 0.o
not the time or place
and thanks for the happy birday :) :)
I'm really sorry we missed you. On way to schmidts sausage haus right now, if you'd like to join us.
Hood love is good love.
damn Ann whats goin on with your shit HON
Haha, thanks Gwendolyn! *sigh* … poor Oliver.
Watching a movie
Looks like a humongous storm front heading our way in from the west... So much for a peaceful night's sleep!
i hate when commercials get randomly louder then the show your watching.
You also don't have to (always) wake up super early for class and get to take lots of naps. Lots and lots of naps.
Are you the same on the outside as on the inside?
#modasuckas shout out to big girls with food names Peaches Cherry and Candy
Hope your DH is doing better.
*so far
i really need to get off my ass.And try to get passed my mental issues right now
sweet. Call me this time. Let's grab something to eat or you can come over.
Really tempted to start a golf blog
Yup, im changin my major!
: Have you checked out yet? Go listen to their music!!!!
love you ladies! Glad you came in to entertain me tonight ;)
I hear there was a lot of back yard dry cleaning back during the dry cleaning prohibition in aught six.
The power of narrative becomes increasingly important in the information age - James Nye at
Thanks for playing a fantastic movie!
I hope someone invites me to a really great Cinco De Mayo party. If not I'm afraid I'll end up at The Four Seasons looking like a piñata
Am I the only person who worries that this new Wes Anderson trailer suffers from a surplus of preciousness?
RT In 2003, the CDC issued this alarming report: hoarding among seniors had reached epidemic proportions.
you flirt whiff everyone. calm that stanky pussy.
Back from Culver City TV audition. Now at the studio in Watts working on these submissions. The hustle never stops.
Good Tip!
Thanks for RT!
Tips To Your Best Spokesperson: Be yourself; you're in control. Know your safe place. of
#Drew don't stop singing. You're amazing & incredible. I can't imagine what you're feeling. Keep singing #Skyscraper <3 <3
Tebow is playing for us Now. Lol
Commission reviewing No Cal Congressional districts
*laughs* I'm not suggesting that he was the best president we've ever had, but I do think he's been unfairly demonized today.
Taking advantage of the free WiFi while waiting for Asheville connection at Charlotte airport.
I haven't been a reddit guy up to this point, but it makes for a damn useful search engine for free advice, I must say
four cups of coffee did little to wake me up although the sound of wind-blown falling tree near the house sure did the trick
Very ready to just enjoy this weekend.
Enjoying a Dions Meatball sub...m
Disney? Good luck!
- Any luck with the ride?
Tonight could be a good night to watch Hackers and maybe much later Donnie Darko.
ditto. Definitely thought-food for the #DHSI12 #DP course
Being all great.
Enjoying the natural beauty of Lake Tahoe while preparing to do a webcast to Johanbesburg. What a world!
sorry if anyone got unwanted messages or tweets from me. someone hacked my account and went crazy.
Thank you for the review and the listen! Merci Beaucoup pour ecoute!!
Christopher Leigh & Broken Arrow Tonight for all u Flint MI area fans! BEALE STREET Friday 3/23 7 pm till 10pm. last Show in Flint 4 awhile.
I have so much homework to make up.
Whoops I didn't hold my breath and honk my horn in that tunnel.
Graphic designers??? Send info
#YouKnowItsRealWhen when that person can look through your phone and you don't care....
(Woah)man -- is crushing this talk on journey maps. Nice work lady!
The money the dodgers are getting makes the money the mets have look like chump change.
The Wendy's drive-thru at Troost & 63rd really stretches the "fast" in fast food... its not fast... at all.
I like u
smart man!
Can't wait to see you July! My ♥ Germany and ♠ UK!
If You Make Me Smile&You Smell Hella Good Thats An #InstantTurnOn For Me :P
I used to be a hoarder of music, but now deleting files is strangely therapeutic.
freaking jelly that wants to be in your bed.
hehehe your cute x)
I'm a teamster and can't wait until November 6th. We are going to take our country back on every level. I will be watching MSNBC. FU
If you try to get rid of fear and anger without knowing their meaning, they will grow stronger and return.
They have it for the Droid? Wanna race? RT : Just got the 100 pushups app. The goal: 100 consecutive pushups in 6 weeks!!
I'm in shock I didn't drink tonight fell asleep around 5pm just woke up. Oh well time 4 some Arizona ice-tea & some
Oh shit. Just unlocked my tweets. I'll probably get fired or kicked out of college for my offensiveness.
follow back
New CyberLink Media Suite 10 Redefines Software Category - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
go die.
#allgamejobs We Need graphics #programmers for some great opportunities on the west coast.
My helmet disappeared while spelunking in a bat cave to which Frank remarked, 'a pithy helmet?' Then I struck him.
Never get too comfortable, you'll get a rude awakening.
I get discounts?!
thanks u too!!! For the pups :)
Swedish fish ;)
“We don't tell kids what to do. We help them find their passion and support them.”
Anything but the way out. I hate that :\ Skele-dude would have used it, if that were the case.
maybe I was there on an off nite... I'm a firm believer in second chance dining and I feel like I gotta go for it again!
Thank you sir! How are you doing, John?
RT Caps win game 7, Nats at 14-4, Wiz Kids on 5-game win streak and Skins drafting RG3 tonight: that's Cloud 9 for DC sports
you buy the fresh bacon or nothing at all and if your store doesn't sell unprocessed bacon, you get a new store
I think it's the heat. May be the time zone. Either way, I'm SO sleepy this afternoon.
You gonna be in Cali this summer? If you are we gotta get up for my shoot and possibly a feature after i release my single June 1
What is your favorite E-Mail Promotion service?
go to the Venetian!!!
Thanks for following, Heather. Thinking you should follow as well. Tweet there for RTs
Any news on accident on WPR? Was a child/teen struck??
likewise, hope everything is great!!!
Listening to Cudder on the come up..
It gets harder and harder to wake up....
thanks for the free webcast tonight! and to the douche who just flipped off the camera: who let you in?
A woman's favorite position is CEO.
I got the most information through tweets from the Giovanni session. I was manning the the sell your cellular booth the whole time
no doubt. Just shoot a follow back fam
I didn't get to eat breakfast :(
shock and dismay!
Hahaha I would hope not missy!
I'm so serious
Cool! I thought it was the Mucky Duck, looking at the show it's across from the Addison Market so I knew it was close. Thanks!
If CNN doesn't want debate audience to boo, there's a simple solution: Don't invite Mitt Romney.
Haha! I was watching coverage of that at work and I thought the same thing.
wow amazing man! so is the pizza as dope as they said it was in the movie? lol
Taking back the twitters... Or trying. Something new soon, cleanup and relaunch on the horizon, go iPhone go.
Almost game time. Be ready seabreeze.
wow.... What r u doing up so early?
yea dey suppose to
Trying to see what Herman Cain is gonna do. Can you call him and tell him to 'sit down' please!
ugly couples <<<<
This is your life, is it everything you dreamed that it would be when the world was young and you had everything to lose
Thanks for the follow Austin. Will try to have a listen. Keep creating! Come visit
Anthony Davis is going to break the fourth wall by the time this game is over.
I love checking everything off my to-do list with an hour left to my day...time to peruse the blogosphere
there is a secret handshake too
had the greatest night with my best friends Erich, Sara, and Jeff. Nothing beats word play, pretending your getting drunk off of lemonade
Happy Mama's Day friend!! Xoxo
"I wasn't that drunk" "Dude, you threw my hamster and said, 'Pikachu, I choose you" XD this makes me laugh..ALWAYS.
Weeks just snapped his 0-for with a solo homer! Wuhoo!
Congrats Fall '11
Thanks for watching. We like doggy breaks!
RT : Q2) Definitely am more open-minded about my industry now that I see so many others are thinking the same crazy stuff I'm...
First night of 's Divas & Desserts concerts went well! It's our founding Artistic Director's last show; I managed to only cry twice.
wanna follow me handsome? Never giving up on you :)
im off to a wedding happening at that exact moment. it's jessica searer's, if you remember her
is it scary though? I don't watch scary... Eek.
yes, they haven't been showing since Thursday... Any ideas? Thx!
Congrats to our drop of the hat shirt giveaway winner. Megan A. She chose our trademark Longhorn skull design. One of our all time favorites
where can I find the Hawk call from the game today?
Hello everybody
ah I'm too happy right now ❤
ACM needs children's museum professionals to serve on the #IA2012 Program Committee. Email for details!
Well Dan, you should become one of cooks! You're good!
LOL! Currently looking for a cheap place to rent or a roommate situation. You might be in luck.
ha! We've got to do a little #skypeplay debriefing n my class. We hung up on 1 friend &others just sat &stared. Lol
DYHIW you start venting on social media and can't seem to stop ;-)
Please text or tweet when you know something about your dad!
an anonymous phone number tipped me off! Haha
RT RT : A dream is not something that you wake up from, but something that wakes you up. -Charlie Hedges
Sadly, not as awesome as I thought. See my new blog post about what happened when I scanned...
same here watchin in the heat of the night...
College graduation is on may 17th! YES! FINALLY!
I'm really excited for The Paper Box's first shows next weekend. Gonna be killer!
Those who don't want to park in "Frank's Lot" should just take the free Dodger Express shuttle from Union Station.
Any chance of squeezing in 's TMNT cover? If not tonight, soon. It's pretty damn rad.
soon enough kid:). This is the home stretch.
RT : "We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves."--Galileo
today school picnic :00pm..location: 1600 hayes Street, Arlington.
If this bug comes near me i'll scream:(
yayyyy kevin hart is hosting the
Sent you a direct message. Trying to learn more about StudioVo
What on earth would make ANY bagger in ANY #grocerystore ever that it would be a good idea to put the sliced #cheese with the canned goods?
Makin statements assumin?! 😁aha RT : Asking all them questions
Rock'n the reverb nation control room from the ipad2 2! Gonna be sick!
Once again, sucked into the digital media home photo internet web design pinterest web vortex. Ugh - must stop & sleep!
alright good luck on that track
Can't sleep!!😳
Hey! I know this chic too!!
me to! dying
On to a hopefully productive day. (prefer those kind) So far, so good.
To all of the people who told me stories about their babies and I replied with one about my dog, I am sorry.
<----Smart girl wit a dumb booty! Lol
Well aren't you domestic? haha
Looks like the wheels are falling off of #MacAskill 's wagon re: #Megrahi . Could this be a #scottish #watergate .
you got a reverbnation page?
"Isolate the most obscenely sovereign desire from conventional pleasure." -Hal Jaffe from Paris 60
I am a flake. I don't mean to be. I just make plans and then forget about them. If I add to a calender, I forget to look at that too.
Wednesday, or Friday!
In the very smallest cot there is room enough for a loving pair.
Well this band just got the lyrics wrong to Mr. Brightside
David Stern - the GOP of the NBA.
change your mind yet ymcmb /Derrick
I gotcha
A1 I help my clients ensure that their web properties provide a fast, intuitive & conversion-focused mobile experience
lol you were to drunk lol
ohh sorry that makes more sense
Headed to to check out the bikes and have lunch! Yippee!
A 7 y/o & a 72 y/o in my life are going through break ups. Strange how the pain is the same no matter how old you are.
- Hmm, I'm not sure. And no fun colors in site. LOL! Just your basic black and red.
help what? Haha
follow me please123
the seniors are Jio, Eric, Renaldo, Greg, Blaasczyk and ...?
never watched that but I've really been wanting to. We kind of miss out on mostly anything that isn't on Netflix! Haha
For more on Stem Cell Research, check out www.StemCellAnswers.com
Starbucks is the only way to go
Make sure to Retweet our #PhillyHunt tweets because more followers means bigger and better prizes.
About to tee off at the Bog. Gorgeous day!
This lady needs to shut up already! Idc how you feel!!!
Today was an interesting day...
videos about bugs make my skin crawl, omg.
We can be reached at . Can you cc to ? Thanks
Thanks to the shout out from Tom Chanault on his program for PBHG on the pinks!
Looks like somebody has a crush on his former intern. Guess Bret Stephens will do anything for a girl in uniform.
For once, I wasn't lol
To hear samples of our other group, Elby Brass, head to www.elbybrass.com/music! Our website is www.elbybrass.com! :)
Can companies contribute to a Kickstarter? Any examples of a company having done so?
my whole family is just one big ball of clumsyness ._.
Came home to shower n change and was gettin ready to leave n it was flat
Is it football season yet?
I don't know if you were stating a fact about Coupon Suzy or if that was a coded message.
My work email isn't working. I never knew I could feel so lost.
As a kid I always wanted to see these characters up on the silver screen. As an adult I feel elated seeing that actually happen.
lol you know what the pennies are for right ?!?
G hasn't shown to be a hothead, plays the game the right way... just got crazy heated on that shift haha
I was including the advisors and investors in this observation
#IDBmtg Post earthquake expenditures will lift Japanese economy this year, Takatoshi Ito, University of Tokyo. IDB seminar
dancing in the hyvee parking lot u look up and people r in the window staring at u
“: TODAY: i quit smoking weed.”
no not right now. I'll most likely roll out a little later on this evening
Wow, 27 today! My family is taking me to a new theatre here to see "Jackass 3D!" Then my mom and sister are making me a triffle! :)
It was a pleasure kicking it with you at Laughing Skull!
and then that same 4 year old tricked me into playing Barbies with her.
Eric's point is well taken. 1877 was fast. Are we there now?
I know the guy in your profile photo. Bill Hayes, lives on Fort Hall Rez in Idaho. He's a model for artists. Happy Trails, Angel
I love me some Greinke but that's just...wow.
what do u mean? I live in SD lol
Apple is going to fall down?
hello boys :)
you really think is the best? You really think his chin could withstand JDS's boxing?
Raw veggies and a sunny D...
♥ So happy you are born ♥If you not born i'm sad...
The ceremony was nice today!
I'm built to Paula Poundstone pantsuit.
LOL see me sucking down weak coffee and rushing to work with a "Flash CS3 For Dummies" book in my coolant-leaking Jeep....
Taking Matilda to hear Vince Giordano and the Nighthawks tonight. Very excited.
Good Luck in MTL
Will be at the Keystone Conference this week in Hershey, PA! In the area? Contact Kevin for a consultation.
Is Arrow Electronics Going to Burn You?
lol u lost me im somewhere in freebands land lmao
Wow. Wonder how much time it took to work that all out. That is the very definition of a close collaboration.
Oh how cute you think I give a damn..
The trouble with children is that they are not returnable. - Quentin Crisp
143143143143 you were in the video for cody. you're really nice & we should talk more
For those of you who subscribe to , see pages 36-37 for the story of our friends at River Dell Regional School District!
Did you know: The Spring 2012 Schedule of Classes will be online next week Friday, October 21 You can find it in course guide & student ctr
He's 1 of the best. Coming to in June!
What is the point of the game? To rack up stats or win?
we miss you!
I am fucking bored.
so did you see FRINGE? AWESOME debut of the new season! Also the Defenders with and 'Connell.
Thanks again for coming from so far to be part of the Letter Writing Social and sharing your #showandmail!
Lived my John Woo fantasies Nerf-style while "house managing" #KILLINGWOMEN for last night. never knew what hit her.
No /: I wish i was though
I just fallowed you! :)
name it!
we didn't connect yesterday send me a direct message with your email and or ph number
I have the CD version if you need another backup.
So bloody tired of the disconnect between assessment and remediation. What's the fucking point?
I love it when they don't and then they fall head first into a pole.
Wish I was doing anything but this paper right now. Procrastination? #TWITTER!
cool! Where did you get them? What color? :)
thanks love you too! RT“: sounds fun! Hope you ladies (and Dom) have a fabulous time! Happy Easter!
Power of pics “: Power of #social: site traffic from now rivals traffic from Twitter for #Gilt - #dsum12”
wow me too! RT : i have never loved you more.
hope you had a wonderful birthday!!
Got an A- on my business law exam
can have a decision made.
RT For the girls that can't just mess with a guy but have to try to talk to every single one of them, get a life.
So is Biden still in trouble or not?
We drove your car to the dead end of your street & we made love where no one else could see.
Fuck yeah! Tomorrow pool party at my cousins house for his birthday 
talked to a girl at work about it today who blushed the whole time she talked about it!! Ive heard very steamy!
ok. Thanks.
Novak showing some Bozak
highly recommend following
may 19th!! Rickshaw stop in SF!
Best Tap handle ever! One of a kind!
Grrrrrr - well no selling out today -- Just gave Mother Nature a 1 star Yelp review for being too windy....GRRRRRRR...
So here's a scary thought... What happens if we nominate a weak candidate to run against Scott Walker and he wins?
I'm late to this convo but if you're getting back into the game you should definitely check us out.
I wish I was one of those kids that didn't care about being behind a few hours. I just want my break already. 4 weeks pass fast,
's kitties are out gallivanting around the neighborhood instead of cuddling me.
Me watching #fridaythe13th Door shuts abruptly Girl: there's something out there! Me: no shit Sherlock
We only need 440 more followers to give away a #free #flipcam!! Follow the on Twitter for a chance to win!
Imma do me
One plane ride left and finally home
#thesave I will be voting for next week. I fell asleep and didn't vote. She is the best singer in the competition!!!!!
Should be awesome
You can teach someone to be good, but to be great, you need talent. Talent is God given. You either have it or you don't.
Manicure; check(: now gotta take a shower an get ready for the dance! (:
Can we start loading money into a dump truck to entice Michael Fassbender to play Finnick?
sup girl
What would be the best way to photoshop sweaters, jean jackets and gold chains onto pictures of cats?
thanks John for the updates sorry for those mustangs but glad u saw a great game
thanks, definitely. If you're headed to this afternoon I'll be down that way sometime after 5:00
why are u eating my chips
Wow, she looks just like you!
don't forget the other three: your fur gloves and blazer.
Go black!: black wave FTW! you me My sister & can blaze the blue trail ;-)
Awesome! // RT : Should've come to Vegas, Charlie Sheen. That kinda bit is just called "Tuesday"
Uh, that was supposed to be "boo".
I could use my "Can you provide evidence to support this point?" rubber stamp on both student papers AND HS friends' FB posts.
My friend just got whooped in boxing lmao.
it was a double entendre but whatevs
Snap! Have a great time in Ny!!
Many, many, thanks, brother. Truly means a lot.
Welcome and thx for following all
Someone pls tell me the last time Detroit put up 48 pts
Thanks for the affirmation:)
We just got our hands on a new report. "Free Guide for Sellers: Getting to Sold." RT to get your free copy.
Snow patrol is playing in the mall I am happy
wow! awesome i'm very happy :D
find out what you truly love to do and then direct all of your energy towards doing it. Once you do this, abundance flows into your life
YOU NO IT
"Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness, scars remind us of where we've been, not where we are going.”
Thank you! RT : Happy Anniversary!
Thank you, Britt, for your help. I really appreciate everything.
why are you looking
#MittRomneyFilms True Lies: Discouraging Under Fire.
is it too early to be excited for the #winterclassic?
Remember 5 years ago when I told myself that cross-country moving was such a hassle I'd never do it again?
Ugh I hate getting my braces tightened .
Thank you for my new go-to site for joy infusions.
Humus has two main ingredients; giraffe jizz and teen barf.
Changed my profile from hpnldp to AnInvitingPlace to better represent what I do. Thanks for the tip!
Will be tweeting about KY museums to support my alma mater in the NCAA championships. Learning about museums in my home state will be fun.
Love your new pic! Just gorgeous!
Wonders if the tone of Collins' "Introduction to Poetry" is insulting to students? It's such a teacher's poem.
you im freaking tired
As the Bhagavad Gita puts it: “Just a little pure awareness relieves a soul of great fear.”
At the gym. Its workout time!!!
S/O to & for helping out my tweet game
thank you for giving oakland a classic soul memory. Amazing show!
The art show is amazing!
it's our duty as a pledge to call out fuckdrs fuckng up this shit bro$! 200 bucks!!
This is hard for me to say but. Taylor Swift > Miranda Lambert.
Thanks Cuppycakes, you have the BEST business name ever!
Great RT : OK. That was "stunning" #SM statistics. And overall interesting site. Bookmarked. Thanks for sharing
Thanks for the mention, my friend!
Ladies....I like/love yoga pants- good choice
The SJS Project salutes #JamesBaldwin on his birthday!
when you argue with a telephone poles, there are no winners.
If #BradleyManning getting life in prison will be one of the greatest tragedies of my generation. Makes me physically ill.
Can I just skip the exam tomorrow and go straight to the drinking?
Why do you swallow so much sunlight?
No prob! Us Orlando acts have to stick together. Follow us back??
It's Fridaaaayyyy!!!
This year instead of leaving your Christmas tree out to be picked up as trash, use it as compost! Or chop it up in your yard, let it...
Don't let Facebook fool you, we're not friends.
Its time to sleep^_^
Took my heart away from money, ain't interested in fame, but I pray I never change
you mean with the computer? It's usually not like this. Being super slow today!
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent. - Samuel Lover
Believes that listening to Red Hot Chili Peppers helps IT professionals focus better while multitasking. Any studies?
The roof repair going on right above my office is really helping me concentrate.
I've managed to Dodge , but CarSon's review might justify a gander.
That's false. RT : Lakers fan are not allowed to speak on our lost tonight
just saw the swearing of Sonia Sotomayor as the new supreme court justice. Brenda is proud to be a WISE LATINA!!!
#SomeWhereInTheHood a cop is beatin on a black person
Mike - you know where Uecker's at? Is everything alright?
lifetime movies and spooey soon... Let's not wait until its time to "study" for finals!!!!!!
Looking for a GREAT meal in lake placid. Any suggestions?
When is the show, where can we find it?
I wanna do something fun
hmm not sure I know what you're referring to
offer accepted for country house; now the fun begins
I always knew his birthday was the 22nd steve harvey+ them kinda threw me off!!
i want to follow me pretty pleassseee lol for my birthday this saturdat! btw im watchin him on stickam.com/NathanRyan !!!
congrats man.
thanks. I agree. I think it's a good thing for the university & the city as well
That Should Be Me Holding Your Hand... DAMN THAT SHOULD BE ME JUSTIN :'(
julian, can you PLEASE follow me? Please<3
I want to!!! Ill probably cry if I don't.
Awesome! Thanks again!
. A lawyer blind to the injustice in pervasive state sponsored discrimination on a minority! Not a good lawyer!
TY RT : LOVED all the #raceoutloud tweets during recording. Can't wait to hear it.
We love you too
Great! Hope to see you soon.
party time Saturday???
Caffeine, nicotine, and alcohol.. One of those is bound to work right?
I'm sick right before my 8 day work week. Awesome stuff!
happy happy Friday, sir. :)
Hart of Dixie, my vice. :)
Follow me on instagram: Branc0 ❤xo
How many deductibles are in health insu plans and what are they? There are '8' deductibles possible in every plan. What are they? Follow us
Follow For a shout out.
