The last time Dwight Howard had single-digit pts / rebs plus 5 PFs + 5 to's in one gm: Jan 2007.
lol I'm getting really into this too! #firedup!
did you really burn through that box I left you already?
Thanks for the follow!.
thanks for tag-team stalking with me today.... lifesaver. ;)
yes indeed. Get at me
Goodtimes at the party! s/o to my fam ! We need to make this football edition happen! ???
FTP on 21 jump street yeahh this movie is good!!
I'VE MISSED YOU TOO! Lol im good, thanks for asking, how are you??
You are amazing ! I love you !
wats up boy
I heard your cover, you're awesome Kayla. Never give up.
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 (Ben White) Full Stage with PA and Lights. 1115 Bastrop Hwy (183) Austin, TX 78702
July 10th at The Chance we are playing with FiveYardDash, Among The Dead and Kid Blaze! More info coming this week!
: enjoy the day off!!
No advantage, IMO. I agree they have different audiences and should each have their own updates.
naughty girl
Just Do it!
RT : What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds
inhaling the new carpet fumes from our office expansion...wonder how toxic this really is
Day dreaming. Always fun, right?
Um forget my last tweet please !! The TNA tag team match last night sucked !!
Lines carved into silver scarves Art deco smiles Painted eyes Sophisticated lady Gorgeous as an ERTE masterpiece Dillinger opium den
time for a Daniwich?
lol well matt since ur a celeb do u do that?
Just arrived in Greenville SC for a Design Institute. At Furman for lib tour--civilized after lashing rain in NY this am
The harder you fall, The higher you bounce.. Franklin..
only thing better was him slipping on the pk in Moscow!!
Double zero on #Creighton plays angry. Looks like a linebacker out there.
Heading to Coventry again!
RIP John Wooden
The spurs are about to put on a CLINIC against the Clippers. Would not be surprised if this series ends up 4-0
Yeah we have the same taste, atleast one of them made, but he will get a record deal by morning. :)
Amen. RT : When all else fails....have another beer.
My pleasure! : thanks for doing that with my dad, Delegate Keam! I'm a former student of hers! Hope to see you soon! :)
What is the weather like where you are?
Speakers:Presented by Mike Volpe, VP Marketing at HubSpot
is why the blog i used to write received a lot of respect. every1 has the right to tell someone to go f*ck themselves+
Whats good ! I been grinding . I thought u fell off the map since the last time we linked! lol Where u been?
....Otherwise I unfortunately will have to settle and find a job at McDonald's, let my knowledge go down the drain by flipping burgers. :(
You're welcome. You have a very nice voice!
Got to blabber about amino acids & complex proteins to a few new customers...& they were appreciative of the info :-) Good day overall :-)
Wishing you a Happy and Safe Thanksgiving!! We're thankful for your support!!
I love how practice got cancled, then rescheduled.
It's all about Let's Go #Rangers!!!
You tellin' me nobody on "Mad Men" needs a good decapitatin'?
An early Happy Mother's day to all my tweeties out there.
Traveling to Den Hague today for exciting workshop on standards for serving images of medieval manuscripts.
The NBA...Where flopping happens. If refs gonna keep callin em players gonna keep floppin.
Its not the dog in the fight, its the fight in the dog. All bark no bite ? Ill be the 2nd to bark n the first to bite
Fucking auto correction spell shit wrong
Not at all..just so busy with classes..
yo is your email omari.armstrong?
text me instead :) lol so the whole world doesnt see our convo..
Happy Weekend! Have fun and be safe at Thunder if you're going tomorrow!
spotted tick on pants. foolishly attempted to smash with book. tick flung somewhere. search and destroy operation failed. now paranoid.
what is zap?
not at all
Mum: Taylor can't sing Me: I smell sarcasm Mum: you have a good nose then
lol what's up friend?!
like mother like daughter
#Hyderabad, India, via
It's not whether you get knocked down; it's whether you get up. -Vince Lombardi
RT : Be sure your navigation is crystal clear for readers of your blog!
im chilling/working in Ft Campbell/near Nashville.. weather has been worse than Seattle, makes me miss home..
There was time enough at last (for Instagram). lol
Good night beautiful
Flyers end up losing this game 6 2. Unwatchable at this point
seems like too few.
so unhappy with my weight. can't believe I let myself get like this. wow.
I'm pretty sure that's impossible.
awesome! thanks for the tweet!!!
Good morning! I can't tell you how much I love running in the rain! I'm so amped afterwards!
What up alway a pleasure, sir
#twitterstorians : While beginning to prep syllabi, I'm seeking good readings on teaching history to 1st-generation college students. Ideas?
Art of Bleeding appearance on Saturday at the Redwood Bar & Grill in L.A., free and at 9pm!
Amen to that. Forever. ": Well, I should hope so! If you can't fence in it, what good is it?"
Ikr? Also this article shows how her mother controls her. xD
Oops I just tweeted from an SSIS interface task
wants to 'drop the digital' from digital humanities
#weekendreads Halfway through 's The Chaos
No hander landers!! On an FBM!
Jeez, after switching to iOS5 my data usage tripled... And I'm not doing anything special.
i miss you.
Who's really watching teasers for music videos? Just drop the stupid video.
Lovely! I think I'd try it with a white blouse. Something about the white and orange combo scream summer to me!
Watching my Taylor play with a little 4 year old girl at the park.He's gonna be SUCH a great Daddy :) I can't wait to have a baby with him<3
Good luck to all the politicians who will do more than stand on corners, paint huge walls, n use nicknames. Make Laredo better
Man, Mr. Alton Brown is on fire tonight, so good!!
Reason, endowed to humans by God, makes all equal and deserving of liberty and justice....Locke
what platform are you using for editing in the photo?
I'm sorry but when I see the Philadelphia 76ers jersey saying "sixers" I think a 6-pack of beer.
are you taking Hager?
We finally got this Twitter thing working again! New name, new songs...new demos soon!
So im being dragged to this thing for my brother....tootles
Would never happen, Coach Bz is here to stay. And do I really want VaTech's trash? Must be a good reason why he got canned.
yes...same experience. Well almost. The seats out at VCC are more comfortable.
My commentary on whether I will see Prometheus based on the trailer: No. Not worth it. MIchael Fassbender is wearing far too many clothes.
So did jesus! Go thickie RT : I make sacrifices for those I care about
I’m so happy to see so many people that joined the Revolution! GCP “emotobooks” rock. They’re a new group, but growing. Awesome!
Back by popular demand, "Cool Stuff from my Desk Friday." Stay tuned.
I tweeted it! (:
Breakfast on my mind.....
las Vegas
Lakers always seem to make it nerve reacking as fuck buut we got the W, now hopefully lob shitty lose
they do not compete well with mcdonalds. Too pricey!!!
ok word. My homies band is trying to hit the lab soon. Just asking around for him
...we're not fans. We're beliebers :) <3
ATTN:all unsigned rappers,dancers,singers, join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
Lil homies had a video shoot today...
love means letting your walls come down.
well, yes, seniors do tend to be better (: oh well, I guess we'll find out soon enough! haha
A spooky Saturday at the museum is in the works for Oct 25th. Costumes, creativity, and curiosity encouraged! Kids of all ages welcome!
What the heck ?! I compose my tweet. 2 characters remaining. Click my social network icon, and suddently I'm -9 characters.
Love is like a booger. You keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it. ~ Unknown
someone get in bed with me
smh let me see if I can send one.
You know what they say about corn? It also applies to sesame chicken. I have a problem, someone help me.
dudes, you guys are trouble together. That's okay I will just teach him speak to correct it lol
thats the best way to be
Just filled up my four day weekend with shit that seems a lot like work. FML.
I understand now. every other bar has all nascar, and you wanted less nascar.
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Don't worry about how much you DON'T know, you only need to be one step ahead of your clients!
have some respect. calling your mom a bitch? you're pathetic. even worse on mothers day. grow the hell up, spoiled little brat.
Get caught living life!
hell yeah !
Rangers choked out the Capitals in the end of that game...they couldn't even get the puck out of their zone.
Yeah, but still cost $12 a drink? Midtown's Lounge ON20 is undergoing a remodel! Look for Lounge 2.0 to to debut later this month!
Where's nick? I miss him. We got into a fight today and haven't talked since then :(
...and do you realize that I'm a genius? No? I invite you to peep my Wikipedia page. Yep, I'm that guy.
you must be watching the wrong game because I see differently
Hello Glen, big fan, glad to follow you.
: ok every1 tomorrow we all go on diets
Hm thinking 😏
AUDIO: HSBC lists Chinese bonds in London
Bruce Winter killed it again last night on At Night...Tunes so good I made a donation to Milwaukee Public Radio today
Ive never got a ticket driving. And i Wasn't even driving and got a ticket!
Meeting to discuss #Christmas repertoire tonight! Any requests/suggestions?
Love the Corkboard video, exhibition looks great. Also #congradulations !
Happy I got to see my family & today :) It was a tease but only two more weeks!
exactly! “: Hey if you have to suspend your campaign because of sexual allegations, blame yourself.”
I hate when I send a long text message, and the person only replies to that one unimportant part...
How do you fix a woman's watch? You don't there is a clock on the oven. (thanks to Shane)
Did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there ?
Set a $55 limit order for LNKD before the market opened
State isnt all liberal.
I took six those bitches. Never again, my friends. Never again.
So when is hosting SNL? Please tell me someone is gonna make that happen.
i like getting paid to go to school (:
Hate it when people post updates on facebook like every 5mins!?!? Why don't they get a gay twitter!?
Thanks so much for sharing, Lindsey!! :) :) :)
You have such a way with words; I'm sure you could come up with better compliments than I could.
Watching Mad Men (On Demand). This is show is so fine. So upper level, high art. (My opin).
Hates being sick :/
Everyone does this cute thing, where they ignore my existence.
" Where there is no vision, the people perish. " - Proverbs 29:18
That's what Dads do, it'll never change.
with my kids @ airport - headed to Hawaii for spring break!
Joey Lawrence -- Whoa, I'm a Stripper!
Time for
Well trying to sleep last night just seemed impossible.
Got a few new followers today, go to my favorites to look at pictures and things, and see my youtube video. search "skylarSKC"
the thought of a midnight leap-day #dcdrinkup since they'll be open did cross my mind. lol
Happy Sunday! Beautiful day to play:-)
I guess you can say the more it happens the less it hurts.... #ohwell o this sounds awkward.
Yeah that's what I do; my comedy gets pretty Xrated but very few kids end up seeing it so the odds are pretty low so far ;-)
RT : Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band coming to #Boston #TDGarden on March 26th! Tickets on sale Sat, Jan 28th at 10AM!
Shit We on our way to the hill RT : fuk u doin kid
I should be asleep right now :o
Don't limit yourself. Many people restrict themselves to what they believe they can do. You can go as a long way as your brain lets you.
Although--eerily perfect shuffle came on driving music mix: Of Montreal's The Past Is a Grotesque Animal
uh oh, ! That doesn't sound too great. If you ever need help cleaning up after your #pet, then give us a call.
should have just told you to freestyle to it lol..my bad...just want us to do as much as we can on both parts due to our distance
purely business research motive, why don't you like virtual bags?
How im done spa...they must have spiked my wine..lol
I am digging my brothers stable name for and
the specific person I was referring to did look 12. He handed me his id and told me to not look at the picture because he's had..
If the Pirates were from any other city in the country, I could see myself becoming a fan.
Hey, just don't switch channels, quite cable altogether… -
I don't know. Here I'll ask my husband but I bet he wont be able to figure out an answer right now.... Commercial.
Stolen from the song that I'm listening to obsessively, but meant in friendship. If we don't love, we cannot expect anything.
Time to relax in a nice hot bath
If you ever need evidence that musicians can be tone deaf, look at chord charts online. I mean, what good musician misses five key changes??
I'm in school tryna get you to follow me!! please oh please!:)
On this day, January 21st--Stonewall Jackson's birthday
If you're ever in the area please stop in.
Grrr. I need to go to bed. I just happen to get sucked into the superfun #ohchat again. I love the folks over there.Funny & smart.Night all.
All I ever do anymore is sleep ://
you got a new twittaahh?
Be #proactive and get #involved in affecting #change within the #transportation industry! The 5th Annual T&I Convention is March 7-9 in D.C.
Bike to The Bakken and receive a FREE BOWL at Noodles AND a $10 off of any $50 purchase at Erik's Bike Shop - WHOA!!!
The day has finally arrived! The show is tonight! Come to the Air and Space Museum at 5:45 for a night to remember!
not nearly as much as I'd like. Lack of time! You?
Tons of added pictures of #Vay for Sega CD / #iphone . Like us on #Facebook and check it out.
About to hit up ameer kabob I'm sure they've been missing me over there.
why? What happened? All I know is tjat thrre's a covet now
HA RT : And future still has a tiger in the carseat RT : So Javale McGee has a pet.....platypus
Don't ever get the aldi brand strawberry shortcake ice cream bars they fall apart
Nicely done Omar, and I think Scott, and might need to give you a job!
come on Tom, wouldn't be the first time you rooted for KY...
Coconut Water is looking forward to kicking off the Long Beach Marathon Expo on Friday! Stay hydrated, Long Beach!
Already Tuesday wow
oooohhhh good afternoon everyone ! Starting the day off right ... a little gloomy outside but oh well not gonna let that take my shine;)Muah
#Definition e·phem·er·on: ephemera, items designed to be useful or important for only a short time, esp. pamphlets, notices, tickets, etc.
If it hurts this much it must be love..<3
Sometimes you gotta just smile and scream on the inside...
I've also seen her used as a representation of a corporate, business woman/power lesbian... while she is clearly against capitalism.
what a long day...so tired -_- better try to sleep, back in to open 2moro. cant wait to get our puppy. <3
you are always so balls-to-the-walls accurate with your tweets man - that was excellent.
Sweet! I just skimmed her WoW Project page, neat stuff.
If God can trust us with mystery, He will trust us with revelation. If we trust God with mystery, we will trust Him in revelation.
just reassured me. "Your hot-messitude is one of the things I love about you."
I'll take that as a no.
(c) almost uploaded. i feel so bad now:(
I got a hankering for some of that pink slime.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/14/2012 and was under his calorie goal
Jumping onto the end of webinar on "Why Women Should Run for Office."
it's cute! Call me tomorrow goober (: I got my hair cut, I like it (:
I can't make a phone call inside my condo 20 miles from the US capital. Go AT&T!
White ppl call it COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT... Black ppl call it a REMIX
Phew! Someone else showed up.
“: When I think about you, I think about 17. I think about my old jeep, I think about the stars in the sky”
Does anyone have an opinion on the New York Film Academy programs?
Airports i hate them but they are alot nicer on the way out then on the way home !!
It's ok... The #Orioles will tie it up in the 10th inning.
Nope. It's my Twitter account! Plus I gurantee you've been in the same situation
Fuck yall I don't need none of yall.
Looks like I'm booked this Summer . (: 💜
Woke up 2day missin my boo 😢
Slamming an entire bottle of C'est la Vie the night before a 12 hour workday. Genius, Dina. GENIUS.
Remember, if u are reading this tweet you are blessed! Yes, u r here, u r alive! Now take care of the issues u face! U can do it! U r here!
Had a great vacation with my awesome wife and son. I wish every week could be this good. But its back to work tomorrow.This was a great week
Carlos Boozer m.i.a.
Girls night with !
Thank you all for liking and following us on Facebook, Twitter and elsewhere. We appreciate YOU. Happy Friday!
How does he know?! I swear he has my phone tapped...
"Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny."
I dreamed about going back Ciudad Juarez last night, I miss that place so much
Everybody is eating bad food. Im eating nothing:( #ihatediets but im #motivated!
3 outs left let's go
First Gay Prez: Was the whole thing (Biden on Meet the Press, Obama interview) choreographed? David Zurawik on Midday at 1 pm
if you Google "humpity bumpity truck" it brings up about 11,100 results! who knew? lol
May 19, will be open in the BX
1/13/2011 Three Pillars of a Successful Marketing Strategy B2C Marketing Insider
that dirty mind of yours! I did not mean it like that at all!
Big Things brewing over here at the wave labs
you're not so wet.
We headed to Panama City Beach.... This should be fun!!!! s/o to Block Runnaz TV....
too scared of the #DwarfGang huh???
MMmmMMMWHAaahHQhA! 500 FOLLOWERS! WE ARE bACK ON TOP FUCKERS!
Ralph Lauren!
I wanna get mlb2k12
I wish I had American cheese slices in my fridge. I need to eat something stupid.
Give me something to do! I am so bored, just sitting at a desk
#flirtfridayz going apeshit!!!! Ocean Bar ... le go
Thanks for the #ff!
In history...:(
that cool that we have the same name :)
Loving the site real useful gadget to have!
K, now I'm hungry.
BOO!! Did I scare you?
Drake in the morning .<3
hey thanks for following.
All That!! it's when the new little kids arrived and are being mentored by the older kids. I see Nick Cannon! Good times.
ahah HEY YOU! yeah you. your birthday is in three days. haha just letting you know that i remember.(;
Another BRAIN KILLER micro short shooting this week, believe it or not it will not be creepy, mostly it will be warm and plushy.
#kids Baseball Clinic - North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Sat, May 12 7:00p: Instructors-Head Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
THANKS for following! ***
Hi, my idol #forever please follow me., ok? :]
Time for lunch!
Other times, you can see a bad spot on it, but if you cut that out, the rest is fine
Thanks for the RT! Happy Sunday.
Compassion is a marvel of human nature, a precious inner resource, and the foundation of our well-being and the harmony of our societies.-DL
The ONLY person standing in ur way is YOU! ;)
love ya!!
“: I speak baby. #DoctorWho” RT stormageddon dark lord of all
Let me guess. If I'm going to #EDC I should hit you up for "the hook up" lol
Would love to take this on RT : Lehrer calls for education in media engagement for all students. a project for ?
Five secrets of effective, interactive training. Dr. Thiagi presenting in Denver Sept 20/21. www.ispi-frc.org
:) Can't wait to see you again.
DYI U, You Tube EDU, Open educational resources are all moving use to teaching ourselves.
mine too, I had them last month too
ONLY 8 weeks of C4 left // Get yourself there this Sunday & bring your people with you!! I promise you will leave encouraged and inspired!!
Your #SXSW banners are all done! Looking mighty gorgeous! cc:
twitter is so lame...why don't you just tweet that...see i don't have to worry about twitter. all things you said.
I love the magicians. Then they always have the men that hang hooks from their eyes of put knives down their throats haha
you definitely have charisma on camera
soulja boy and s.o.d money gang =
re book soundtrack, Ash I totally agree! But I'm still intrigued...
: I know I'm a snob, but this is still ridiculous.
This space heater could just as easily be marketed as a burnt toast scent generator.
Missin you like crazy
A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
I would love to open for OutKast.
Just went Ham
s/o she so dope and beautiful
Animals As Leaders, Intronaut, Dead Letter Circus, Last Chance To Reason, Evan Brewer, Castielle TONIGHT! RT!
Bouchon is amazing too and Picca is not far from there.
I wish I was Channel Westcoast so I could hang out with Rob Dyrdek all the time.
And I wouldn't complain about the wristbands too much. They really are quite cool and it was either that or some official bandanas with...
no you can't move back I have to have a roommate in cali in two years! But I do miss you all:)
did you take a listen to Dive yet?
Men are born to succeed, not fail. Henry David Thoreau
YW! Thx4 sharing the good word about
Who new that having a mustache makes the world a better place?? I do now.
C'est la vie: Such is life!
Hm. "rare" and "exception", perhaps the
Due up 3rd
“: The jockey portrait for the #kentuckyderby looks like a kindergarten class photo.”rt
“People don’t want quarter-inch drills--they want quarter-inch holes.”
just had a fried oreo for the first timee omg amazing <333
omg and you no share wale? ._.
Oh my god! I can't believe someone filmed me at Sara's bachelorette party!!! Not cool.
Excited to have headlining for us TONIGHT for Vava Voom Thursdays!!!
Jon Bon Jovi is not dead, please stop with the rumors.. it was Too Short last month ..
Picked up Dean & Carra's Fundamentals of Directing last night for 1st time since college. Very rigid, those boys, in their thinking.
Over The Hills and Far Away (Zeppelin), Rain (Beatles) and What a Wonderful World (Satchmo). Those are always in my top ten.
It definitely sounds that way
I think that me finally being able to see the stream was good luck. Saw all three first half goals.
Reading Diary Of A Wimpy Kid like a lame.
Ask away! RT : i got a question
Thanks for going to Galaxy games. I know it may not be quite the football you have back home, but the sport is growing here.
ohh snap vinny just got hacked by :>
Good Love & You?
funky... Will be checking out more of his music
go to sleep
you don't use proper grammar.
#mudmelt Andy: when we tell a story what r we not telling? Must old go away for new to arrive!
phoof you are the man miss ya son!!!
Like ur tweets and info provided.
Ensure you get off to a good start this year, review your telecommunications services in good time. Call us to see how WE can help YOU!
model feet..
Social issues in computing research still underway. Looking for alternative/radical pubs you may have re impact of computers on communities.
Half the people in this staff meeting are tweeting. I just want to fit in.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
What happened? I missed it!
Yeah! Thanks! RT : is totally successful! Look at elections...more on the way! Stay tuned!
I had some lady from a timeshare call me 15 times. After I hung up on her 10 times wanting me to come in for a tour.
i said "usually." i know this from research and political exp. and, i've actually talked to people who hold that opinion.
to all the fine ladies out there come check out all the latest new brands. we got 2 for 40 stussy and hellz bellz on deck right now.. xx
Your talent is the gift, we want to package it and present it, beautifully. Ask about us. Call #TopFamEnt 410.513.9199
Thanks so much! I really appreciate it.
Bruce Dickenson himself would have to agree that 'Electioneering' has exactly the right amount of cowbell.
did you guys put a new neck on your pbass recently?
Poised Creation has met many great people in Fort Worth! We would like to thank you for your kindness!
it's amazing!! You should play it!
Sounds fun! Count me in!
Action packed day first I cleaned then we ate Taste Of Heaven followed by swiss Chocolate then shopping mag mile style then Calo & wine YAY!
you looked so much better on the after show then on the show show! I heart SeyChelles!
just wanted to let u know Nerds inspires me.Listen to it everyday. Its so REAL.I'm tired of that mainstream shit. I AM that nerd.
Send Me ya info
Santorum officially projected winner in Tennessee. Ohio too close to call.
you could always bring it up yourself and completely derail the conversation...
I'm tired with a headache about 4 hours of sleep...but Im right back at it
you got an estimated release date?
A big welcome to all the high school students who are attending the annual AP American History Conference here this week!
RAIN! omg!1! REAL LIVE RAIN!!
omg really? you don't mind? I REALLY don't wanna bring my directionator friend, she doesn't deserve going
mine to -.- I hate that shit it's not even afternoon yet.
Free wifi at the Philadelphia Airport = awesome. :)
The smell of his room is so different! Well of course, since it's new. Kind of miss the old scent! I'll get used to it :-)
I know! I really like it. Just catching up on the episode I missed Friday.
funfetti cookies in the oven, star wars in the blu-ray player, and clothes shoved into 3 suitcases. #lastday with
Happy Birthday.
How's everyone doin this afternoon?
LOL ---> "I haven't swore since 57 tweets ago. I'm so proud of myself."
FM...no static at all...
we're so excited over here about the Rangers too! we love watching the games at work.
Yeah. He thinks because you're not interested in HIM you must be on the other team. Like I said, an idiot. (;
That's what I'm saying.
Not like that matters though
yay that makes us happy! Super proud to be one of your favorites!
personally, I (Z) agree. But until then, I'll try for the free pass :)
remember Homestar Runner? Man I am old.
Hey Eric--planning anything interesting for Dallas? :-)
navigating the austin apartment rental market is stressful
emerging photographers with Asian girlfriends.
ya dun goof'd!
Nothing, i'm kinda bored, wbu?
HAHA! Hi Voltaire fancy meeting you here! Loved the movie yes!
"Will is character in action."
yeah yeah yeah :P
Tweeting with my new droid razor....happy Mothers Day to me.
As and and I often say, G+ is a great almost-blog platform
Go fuck yourselves. Friend; you guys don't know the meaning of the word.
H. Joe Waldrum Polaroid exhibit also opens on Sun 1/30. Mary Anne Redding, Palace of the Governors, speaks @ 1p.
#edshow RUSH BABES "Bitch-Slap" MEDIA MATTERS on FACEBOOK : )
Terrible Tuesday. The Right Side of my Brain is fighting with the Left Side. Creativity is ruling Logic today. It happens now and then.
I'm on a 16 fml
everything was shut down because the president was in town.
calling it a night-lots of language lab/lang portfolio stuff to work on tomorrow-looking at MAC based lang lab DiLL -ReLanPro and Robotel
So many great senior-level digital strategy opportunities... away from family here in Jacksonville =/ Sigh. Start my own firm again? Hm...
Amazon canceled my order of 2 red Dalek LED keychains. The supplier was out. I guess having an awesome keychain is just not in the cards.
It truly doesn't get better than you should follow him and pick his brain... Genius, I say! www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
I paid $120 for this seat and I can't even see the stage.
Happy to connect ! Have an amazing day!
dang, we have westest tomorrow.
Happy Freakin Monday! I wish I was doing something else with my day off.
cause mondays are always wierd. Haha.
“: I need 52 more followers to hit 5000! HELP!”
thanks for the
nuthin much getting my day started for the new year
What a nice start to my day to see on 7th Street shooting Castle.
At the Circus Circus :)
#2 overall locked in, not much motivation.
Tiger got to hunt, Bird got to fly; Man got to sit and wonder, "Why, why, why?"
Mrs Beasley: I'm picking fights with Otis in bed! It's way more fun to fight than it is to sleep! Hahahahaha!!
Hi! Im Samantha! Im on a show called Samantha's Life on optimum TV's! Please watch!
Opinion, if you have left someone a voicemail, how long do you consider it rude before no call back? Personal or biz.
A shy failure is nobler than an immodest success.
not sure who that is but he's a moron
I honestly wish I could retweet like all of your tweets right now.
Hi Woody!
Ill remember who was there for me and who wasnt
boogie tuesdays?
I think my friends in the industry will celebrate the end of this year as much as they celebrate the beginning of the new year
RT : Please RT: now thru March 15, earn DOUBLE BUCKS on Rx & CVS Brand items! Click here to opt-in: www.CVS.com/DoubleBucks
Going thru beats all night. I plan to fall asleep in the studio 2night.I plan on gettin an assistant very soon $$$
To get blood work.
so jealous! That's awesome!!!! Purr... ;)
one more offensive rebound and im gonna kill someone!!!!
Take a shot for me
I wish my face could be seen:-(
Hey what do you say audrey has the most twitter followers
No matter what happens tonight, more than 75% of Republican voters in IA aren't feeling Mitt Romney.
I think your being stalked by Halloween!
i have nothing to do
...I told her you were with your friends, then she said I thought you were her friend & asked why don't you come here anymore
it is always a pleasure! agree - it is good to get out with a fellow PR mama!
Something lifting me up, something holding me down
I got a Htc radar phone it a window phone
You're making me miss DC and my SI peeps! #tweers =(
Too bad I can't receive the award...I don't have time due to the overwhelming amount of work I have...
LETS GO HEAT . hahahahahahahaaahahahahaaa
WE UPDATED OUR WEBSITE. Experience improved navigation and new features. We hope you like it! www.painted-words.com
agreed. easily could have big man coughed that one up forced a shot etc. instead regained poss. & handed it off 4 easy 2
lady your awsome, keep up the good work girl, hopefully we'll see you soon, we're paving our road now
I feel like a creeper because I retweet so much. Sorry his tweets are just good.
Hah *don't
“A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.” - John Steinbeck
Attention FLood victims in Georgia, Missouri and Alabama.. I have a product for you. Prevent flooding with the new sandless sandbags.
Miss you too, sweet woman! Hope you're well.
hahahahaha of course. And scooter is justins closest advisor with kenny and moshe as the secret service
RT : I only want to give it you -
Hammocks for cats. Because Every pussy gets tired.
Cranking code?
Can you follow me back plz?=)
I'm not sleeping till follows me. looks like I'll be awake for the rest of my life...
I was not feeling the gym this morning but what three words got my butt out of bed? Hard work, dedication. My butt thanks you.
thnx for following
That's awesome you were able to make it to our release show man, we super appreciate the support :). Keep listening!
Oh. Well, that's a relief then. Now I can go to lunch without worry. RT Europe to be fixed in 45 minutes
I'm bored too.
For every hr of entertainment you should try to have an hr of education. I was praised for proving a friend with an awesome book. He took...
nickulrey: Guys leave girls for one of three reasons 1. They're too easy. 2. They cheated. 3. They're clingy and annoying.
good suggestion!
In the SWATS you can find unhealthy food from old franchises. Spike Lee owned a burger joint down there called Galaxy.
What about that fancy alpaca? That's not a fancy alpaca; that's a toney llama.
I'm glad we are both stoked on it. Too bad we can't see it together.
RT : Tulsa 912 Project rally tonight at 8 in Tulsa courthouse plaza.
Wow Staten Island a bit well done! Could smell it cooking on the train yesterday. NY even has more on menu incl a Long Island special
yo mama's teeth so yellow that when she smiles everyone sings, i got sunshine on a cloudy day. . . . .
Yes! Or to the future. The robots will crush them.
"we can have champagne and celebrate the new day"
Thanks for the Support Brett!! We Love You!! We Will Be Back in MAY! New Studio, New Format, Same Show!!
I've been twitter-silent lately. I'm OK with it. Wish more people would wait to post if their post isn't going to be valuable to someone.
To all my actor friends, colleagues, et al: Okay, today the ballots go out. Vote YES.
I fix Traffic tickets Dui and warrants call me 702-882-6007
was....where u at fatty
I wish I could have seen it...just got in here in sexy Omaha. Cannot wait to see highlights :D So proud of them
Thank you, Pete! Definitely let me know when you get into SD-- we'll figure something out. Hope all is well, friend!
There has only been one homicide and one attempted homicide in Madison so far this year.
Heat Academy!!!!
Dis Twitter Wont Lemme Follow Nobody..
Omw home finally!
ur imagines scare me
draft position, getting terrible coach fired
Meditation is fundamental in the part of the human being, provide the pause to observe and understand the system that we're living..
it's just as pointless and dumb.
I see no Garret D in the trailer. That makes me sad. New trailer please Rian. Thanks ahead of time.
Oh!!! I know that one. It's fake but rlly funny.
Am I in love? OMG!! hehe
Going to the NFL experience tomorrow morning
Oakland back to full strength
Getting ready to go to work
Hey twitter people what's up
I Got My Hubby's Back..I Love You So Much
Great TV this weekend. Watched on Saturday and then and on Sunday. Now off to finish my novel!
": just had to make sure... DMW IN THIS BIDNIGHT"<<<< lmao you already know
u r incredible!
lap swimming w strange children in my very near future, catching up with a healthy meal and Sunday News - is NJ allergic to the NY Times!
i cant wait for my babies to get home from church
I wonder who is the top 5 of females in hip hop
Success is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve. - Wilfred Peterson
It is not enough to aim; you must hit. - Proverb
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Life can be pretty uncertain and we often don't appreciate how precious our relationships with family and friends are...
May have embraced leggings-as-pants as grad school hermit, but somehow adding pockets/denim seems less appropriate.
hi yall just got back from bak 2 skool night at High School, How Many Had That 2 Night???????
Somebody posted a video with multiple riders in it. Where did it go? We didn't get to see it.
That is a crap call. Been there before. Rule but it stinks.
Go after your dreams or stand in your night mare
Bar hoping in the city
See you tonight at Napper Tandy's for the mixer?? Starts at 5:30!
Why is it still cracking me up that people "follow my Tweets on Twitter"? What am I, like, 10?
MY MAMA TAUGHT @ THE NEW KALAMAZOO CENTRAL HIGH FROM 1983-1992... THATS HOW I MET DEREK JETER B4 HE BECAME A YANKEE
Hi, my name is Dameron and I have muscles xD lmfao
It was great to see some of my favorite people, amazing land and good music in colorado
It's happening & peace That's what I need
Thinking about joining the army
its raining <3
If you ever decide you need a captcha alternative, please check us out.
Local fleamarket=biker grannies, pierced/tattooed 30somethings pushing garanimal clad babies & hoarders-a feast for eyes and conversation
no I'm not u don't even fwm
my hot party with the best house music in nyc is tonight at pink elephant!
For real! I totally get my sewing on to your music.
o o another one. When louis was pretending to be mario. So freaking cute
Prompted me to look at #DBI index where LeBron's overall score is falling. Even more interesting...trust attribute trending downward.
Saw, of course. Slipped my mind. See also Necromentia and Wound. Also something else I just screened whose title escapes me.
Who needs coats, amirite?
u never asked...lol
yes it is... GO Mavs!
Love your work! Please let us know if you would ever like to showcase with us!
Holy Shit! Bruce.
hey did yall end up doin anything the other night?
There is nothing more vulgar or ghetto than neighbors who blast their music
It's another day in school. Buying a new guitar to practice more :)
Prescription promised for 5 not ready at 5:20. Thank you, CVS.
that's actually kinda hilarious. Just had a similar conversation about "text-speak" that's used IRL. makes me shake my head.
haha so have I I've been so happy since I ended our friendship
But the irony is had Lebron made his decision n came 2 the knicks,i wouldnt be slandering him every chance i get lmao
DJ Jalapeño is bringing it!
We haven't finalized all the contests, etc yet, but we will keep your idea in mind! Cheers!
how are expected to even work? That is some B.S.
Anyone know who fed Ripert and Bourdain tonight?
#AsAKid all the members of See Jane Rock started playing their instruments!
why are you complaining non stop shut the fuck up already if i didn't care then what makes you think ima care now ??
Hermanas and are spending the day volunteering with high school kids! So excited to hear their stories
One of the most bizarre quarters I have ever
great set last night!
Everyone ready for a Facebook Contest?!?
DEMI LOVATO IS STUNNING but #chadevans2 is AMAZING!! #wronglyconvicted in NH & he still has a positive attitude =) We will win this NH!!
Dear everyone: talk, instead of displaying a series of signs. Bob dylan already milked that before you were born.
awww, Houston Post is missed for sure. Dig that competition.
A question all the truly awesome women of the world ask themselves at one point. Happy 1st date!
Entered! “: Please enter me!”
the difference between Metallica and Johnny cash is minimal :-P
I would be pleased to participate. This is what I do for a living (and for fun).
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being at held at the Centre Branch on March 6, 20, and 27 at 5:30pm for those with incomes of $40,000 or less.
Now following thanks for the follow and subscribe to www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 thanks a lot again
Why da fuck u trynna play me. . Jus because we fuckin it don't make you my lady. .
Meet some real loyal people and some snakes along the way
WOW her hair looks like sh** . Why would she do tht seriously ...
Best deressed athlete in MN is and he smells good too, his cologne #NUMB#RS :)!
this summer should be live !
was funny
i hate bum ass people, bitch how you gone make me do something... basically you calling me a slave right? but i thought slavery was over.
Fear what you don't know....
You're Not The Only One Walkin' Round With A Loaded Gun.Got A Good Alibi, & My Bag's All Packed. This Little Girl Is Capable Of Murder.
well you've officially missed the surprise. I'm retracting your +1
(Really what we were shouting out for today was just for other asexual ppl to help that asexual user on the boards directly. :))
Great pass to Asik
Hey, maybe the market manipulators can pull the DOW positive today, despite having been down over 100 a little while ago. Some market.
GOOD LUCK #AbuDhabiTr competitors!!!! : T-Minus 3 hours until the elite start here in Abu Dhabi!
Tryna help Jass to find her tracking order.
Thank you.
ha I know stranger.,how are you
They playin Somebody that I used to knoww in dubstepp... tight
Join us at the senior center tonight to learn all about mifflin at 7pm
the lob that westbrook just gave to KD though
which what?
Beautiful day for baseball
this episode of How I Met Your Mother on dating is really hitting it on the mark. so true with all these stupid rules and over-thinking...
lol...great. now I need protection leaving work.
I appreciate everyone EVERYONE who supported me with my remix, at the end of the day I got to play it for Teddy Riley in person, Thanks!
Welcome back #USF students! Summer Classes begin today, so stop in and get your #books at the cheapest prices! Open till 8.
sure, love(:
Now's about the time I wish I had access to my drum kit...
Just watched Beer Wars
Happy New Years Eve!!! :)
Thank you for following me back! :) much love
I wish Sofia Grace and Rosie had a twitter!! Do they??!
Just saw the sneak peak of #rockofages on #Idol -- it's a comedy, right? 'Cause it looks funny. Love Alec Baldwin's wig. Stylin'.
is it only me that can burn my foot on hairstraighters fml?-_-
can people from my town stop reblogging crystal hate that bitch
what pictures?:O i want to see
my account got hacked thanks for the update.
Stephanie Baker quotes:...“We figure we have to sell about 20 funnel cakes to buy one pair of shoes.”
Good am Seattle! Hot hot hot. Congrats 2 ppl going 2 facebook party (I only got invitees far). Stop by 4 panini - we're on ground flr
library time
Thanks to #Glee I am now obsessed with ... and they're playing at the 9:30 club in DC at the end of the month!
That is wonderful to hear Glad everything went smoothly. Yes, should be very proud.
: Thanks for the RT!
can you give me his number?
Leavin the twin cities-headed to Mileaukee today...time for some real PBR
iif this world did not have girls to talk to or hangout with i would jump off a building
We will have the 2012 Fringe application up by Monday, February 27th. Look for it.
I wish I could say screw it to my homework & go to sleep but my GPA can't afford it.
Where the heck is ?
Go Lakers...we can do this If they win this i would call this a gret year...pls... BEST NEW YEAR!!
I recommend brushing up (or learning) doing fizzbuzz or fibonacci in Python. Screens sometimes just want a litmus test of code.
Happy birthday nickk!!! Mine was yesterdayy :)
Why some ppl complaining about what other ppl have in der bio does it really matter wat dey have at da end of the day???
What's up twitter world! Well after a great weekend of hoops l now I am left with watching Star Wars and Wrestle Mania.
If Parker goes to UCLA, how do they afford to feed him and Josh Smith all year?
KOMO 4 TV news live at 5pm from the 5 Point. Story at 5:08 on extended hours
use it for school and running my sites. Windows Office is for school.
HIPAA has nothing to do with health care. :-P
Gah hootsuite! Every time I publish on it's showing up here too.... apologies!
I Heart Yoga =)
21 is officially my lucky number(;
Is it too early to start pregaming for ? #arewethereyet?
Totally random! #LeoPower :)
none of that had to do with my well being...i never even said anything about me
role of parents, school, teachers and "good enough" #rcparker Gender&Sexuality development diversity
Thanks :) I really appreciate it ! 😊
The jury hasnt come in yet for the murders of What a sad story for a celeb that means the world to us. RIP to the
I think some dinner is in order before some fun tonight. Then the APA Heritage Ball tomorrow night at the US Chamber of Commerce!
RT Reading how microvolunteering and online games can change the world.
Made a new twitter : )
Curious about the time choice for #SFETSY Twitter chat. Did you experiment with a few times and get the most engagement in the AM?
It's a Karen Carpenter Pandora kindof day
MSLGROUP Americas welcomes (client) to twitter. Open your world and follow them.
whats the question
Got a couple of nights out without baby this week. Went to Water Buffalo with clients on Tues. and Swig last night for Sean Duffy event.
It's you, Howard Levy is hevy )RT : It's probably just me, but does every good jazz harmonica player sound like Toots Thielemans?
Congrats to all for an amazing LA premiere last night. I don't have the words for everyone that came to support.
I swear, Oakland city government never stops impressing with its small town pettiness.
Bynums old ass with his white hair
Its been awhile since i tweeted!!
Where there is equality there never can be perfect love. - Italian Proverb
Have the time of your life, let it show...
AP: Obama defends timeline for ending war, says goal 'not to build a country in America's image'
I'm planting corn in Indiana listening to on HI-99!
I love you boys so much! My Birthday is today! Love you boys! xx
He conducts himself like a jerk. He has a punchable jerk face. That's what I mean by jerk.
I think you just forgot, you is a lil slow lol(:
I'm slinging booze at Bowery Electric Happy Hour 5-10pm, 327 Bowery. Come stalk me!
I think in 6 months Obama is going to say he's officially against bullying in schools. (Hey- he's gotta take what he can get.)
can someone tell me why were doing trigganometry in pre-algebra ?
see u canget the track number homie?
Lolololoolol Hey uncle tony suck brick kid
I need a backyard so I can put a trampoline in it.
Thanks to the Youth for Beto team who got out to #vote at #UTEP!!
we need to all meet up soon! #15317representin'
nope, I was not impressed with captain America at all! Sad yet true... Xo J
could be worse: could be Barney.
There is no magical pill for weight loss, it's the same thing for every person. Work out, cut calories and eat correctly
ha ha thought i was hearing things
wishing Congress would just take the rest of the year off, no new laws, unless it's an amendment requiring a balanced budget...
it ain't my fault no limit solders.
Watching the Weiners Circle and it makes me want to go there I love drunken nights in Chicago
making sure bourbon interviews are html5 compliant...
me and talk about the most retarded things
He had me at
Lewis: All these very educated Icelanders have 2 options, trawler fishing or aluminum smelting. Enter investment banking.
Home sales are up in Pike Township by 17% over last year at this time. Mortgage interest rates could not be better.
Watching a movie in the theater CARS TWO YAYY LOL..!!
Looking forward to Perry and Bachmann pulling out of the race.
forever alone ;)
u make me feel like tgif ;) ... see u soon xo!!
Sad bums>
There's something to be said about drinking OJ out of a Vitucci's glass.
OK, what's up , we need an announcer with a BOOMING voice, like on the UK show!
please follow me ☺ I am your great fan
Can't Wait! so excited to have you with us in #ATX!
That trip downstairs took a lot outa me. Gonna need a nap.
almost everything but my hearts a perfectionist
Mad thursdays was insane!!! Last night was just crazy!! we were packed by 11..Come check us next wk to see why we always have a packed thurs
Thanks to everyone who helped PACK Fred's Texas Cafe last night! It was good to see y'all!!
Melvin Santana is another artist and a dear friend that inspires my flow...
did u just tweet yourself?!? Lol
I cannot believe my eyes the pier in NC has collapsed.. #Irene means business
found a sombrero in the library
First, he will dunk the ball with his schlong
that perspective is terrible. I expect more.
"Everyone is beautiful in their own unique way, you have something better then anyone else"
Working on the Website for "The Hardest Love" which is to Launch real soon! I am Thankful for so much! Peace
Ah, so that's why you moved to SF. Congrats!
That's okay. Know that I will be there. Lurking. At your door. Watching you sleep. >-> ... <_< ... 0_o
Just woke up from a 4 hour nap? Should be an interesting night.
#MyPastRelationships Some were Awesome&Some I Cried To Many Times For But Hopefully Youll Be w/ Me&Help Me Forget Bout Those Bad Memories:P
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they can avoid trauma of depression and anger.
Nothing like an ice bath double date with Bconvey on Saturday afternoon.
: I'm the one who's tonight. Come and hang with us, Kenny!
Always be
wow today is weeeeiiiirrrd
Have a great birthday tomorrow...hope your bf gets you something nice...
i REALLY miss our friendship... oh well, i guess /: shit happens & life will continue to go on with ups & downs.
RT : We don't walk by what we see, we walk by what we know. Know this: God is taking you into your spacious place, the...
my twitter got hacked!! what do i do?! sorry for any weird messages! :O
Agreed. I can't wait to see which premium network is the first to try an a la carte subscription. Cable TV needs disruption.
-__- ha but hey tell your mom I said Happy Mother's Day. :)
Awh (: well #IThinkYouAreAmazing <3 today (not gonna say any names) but a tennis girl told me I hit hard net shots to feel...
im a poopsie.
7am is always a good time to read comments section on race & gender 0_o. Better than coffee!
shoot thats still good u know what others bringing
What is the best advice your mother ever gave you?
Welcome as a BarTweet Bar Reviewer for #austinbars!
Found out job hunting with a margarita in hand sucks a lot less than job hunting WITHOUT a margarita. Who knew?!
I COULD NOT FIND U ON FB, HOWEVER I FOUND U HERE... LOL... ;-0
I know it is great sportsmanship to not scuffle during handshake, but I'd much rather there have been 20 on 20 brawl at end w coaches.
Go Tyler!!
Soccer games can be the most boring things ever.
I'm assuming that the person who coined the phrase "It's better to give than to receive" had never experienced oral sex.
ready to hurt someone. I hate math, I hate research papers, I hate finals week, I hate school &I hate when sisters get married the same week
Come on mocha ... do your magic Monday morning thing!
plenty upcoming shows, but not a single one of them in milwaukee, little alone Wisconsin. Come here!!!
Hard work = working hard. If you are not working hard, don't give yourself credit for hard work.
Pay pay pay PACERS!
I'm learning how to "manual" which is bringing the front wheels up.
Holla If You Need Me
When I meant relatively quiet, I meant public events (ur holiday party is private). The LudaXmas is tempting, but ...
why do you choose Bayern?
Boutta Get Me 2 Pairs Of New Shoes ,
This new lotion I'm wearin is messin w my 👃
BEYONCEISPREGNANT# congrats to B & J
": Walking through penland in my pink slippers #thankyou "
Now it's on to 's latest.
NO!!! Where's Dougie?! If I die I want him to be the last person I see! :P
Should've listened to Harbaugh...always listen to Harbaugh
": No Doubt was the fucking shit!"<<<< Love love love No Doubt
Well, you're a UNC fan. That's pretty gross, too. :)
There are currently 3,143 counties and county-equivalents in the United States.
How have you been? You have been about as quiet as I have this last week.
Keep going for the three boys
Oh, Tao Lin's still around?
MEET YOU ALL THE WAY ROSAANNAAA YEAH
As soon as Austin said he was having a contest to meet him, I started freaking out. Then he said "in the LA area" grrrrr -____-
you got a better chance of finding a $100 dollar bill than me following you! #Twitter get rid SCUMBAGS aka promoting PORN!
Bob Arum has a gigantic tongue and it makes it hard for him to talk.
hey tweeps what up
Kitchen, Lol, , thanks for following!
Finally got the house to myself. Need to get some bitches over here pronto!
Curt wanted the info on a run being held during TC. Thought it was you & 's Koman Run, but that's in Sept
My Big Fat #GypsyWedding is a crazy show.
I cant believe I made the auditions. Omg crying. So happy
: I get your goal to make #BGP a world class event... but why not try harder to make Baltimore a world class city?
#God #Loves you for #Who you are and #How you are, not who you aren't and who you ought to be.🙏 #GodBless and
Great show! Caught it here in LA!!! Fela Kuti changed the world!
Poor Tim Tebow. God must be saving the magic for the Giants.
I want too sue my mom for screwing up my credit do i have a case
"Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardrop."
You may need to reinstall OS X. had a similar issue, they did a soft reinstall (keeping my info / files) and the pb went away.
I wanna watch snow white!
you do have pretty colored eyes !
No worries. I'm working 2day so will b on/off. Need 2 add u 2 other email -
I'm back in NYC and prepping for class and auditions, Army PSA and ABC tomorrow. Yay!!!
You attorneys and your "practicality."
what's up with you not following me...follow back sir :)
Wtf! I Must Be Tweakin, I Was Callin Because I Ain't Have A Ride To The Mall. So I'm Not Gon Be Able To Come #TeamFoll ...
Is snacking on ham cubes out of a ziplock baggie harder on my cholesterol or my self esteem?
Hopefully, its good news. RT : RT : Cubs could have some very big news coming!
I'm ready to ROLL TIDE on that arse...where watching the game?...
Thanks to all my followers Follow me I follow back!!
On my way to school. One more year than i graduate Elementary School. Finally!
Went to Focus the Nation at PBCC and listened to some great speakers; then was granted the opp. to share about my run for office. Happy E-D.
“: More Darvish on Hamilton: “I believe he’s going to hit five home runs for me next time I pitch.” #MLBTonight” hope so
When tweets u sent a while ago don't send till now...
So looking forward to catching up with tweeps and making new ones at #STC12!
RE: The tweet about "herb&cheese" (urban cheese). See also "challah bread" (holla bread). Have I lived in Baltimore too long?
That would be better than a 9-5 job in a cubicle. I'm sure would agree too
dragging a** today. Meaning, it's a great day for a aja....it's like mmj red bull. what more could you ask for?!
Just touched back down in the nap.. What's goin on today? Hmu with plans
although last year was amazing, the complete domination of the league this year would be hard to beat.
ouch again “: My Paterno tweets have upset some folks. Sorry; sanctioning decades of child rape is sort of a pet peeve of mine.”
lmao daydreaming about food i be doin that too!
Thank You God for blessing us with another day! Appreciate each moment because no day is promised to us!!!
No Compares To The Love iHave For You <3
I just logged into the CMS I swore I'd never touch again: Serena Collage.
right im so #teamdamon its not even funny
Cause you have class RT : I don't let nobody come over unless I clean up first. Random fact.
Hey I'm back from school, was boring as ever. how was ur day?
wish I was there!
move to san diego, ill introduce you to my friends :)
just got my cloaking device on...nah Bruh, I'm flowing through in the morning
True that...lol
This old lady got blonde hair lol she look like a granny version of Naim .
Ice storm = No Dish ... Ugh!
lmfao Somebody come here and look at this......look at this......God damn cat drinking milk out the bowl
Xoxo! : Shout out to for being such a team player & providing us with Halloween candy! 🎃👍"
Sitting here with my son.. Irene didn't make it this far up, THANK GOD!! Praying for all of those affected by this hurricane..
RT thanks for the follow!
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
would be kid friendly. But it really depends. Quaker Steak & Lube is more of a restaurant than a bar.
what kind of whiskey? thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
oh yes, but don't forget to do the laundry
Four of my favorite social media buddies have birthday's today -- & -- happy birthday, guys!
Today's affliction becomes future ability to minister in strength and wisdom. Psalm 119:71-72
Amen. RT : Theres nothing more beautiful then the sun setting over texas
yep! We and will be presenting at the cooperative showcase on Friday and I'll be at the conference all weekend.
Let's play Titanic- You be the ocean and I'll go down on you ;)
You know you're a awkward flirter if you go up to someone and just say "hey you, I like your face. K bye."
suddenly: students.
July 24, 1978 - Billy Martin resigns as manager and is replace by Bob Lemon.
“ coño now rite but ok I'm a give it to u in aim
If you love something let it go free. If it doesn't come back, you never had it. If it comes back, love it forever.
y nt..u ok
I can't sleep :| they haven't released the names of the people who died at the fair tonight, and I've heard back from all my friends but one
Will you post link to that later? I'd love to hear it but am really enjoying Mary's session right now. Love Murray HS philosophy
Unplugged and took a twitter break for a bit, but back now!
thanks Austin!
I'm going to hold my standards I dnt care wat everybody else doing !!!
thank you, lady! much appreciated. are you in L.A. yet?
Secondary of basement. No fire, no victims. Not sure what if any fire is left. Haven't heard a "knock down" marker yet.
Every1 is like "what do you want for your bday." and I'm just like "World of Dance tickets."
"Show me the avatar you had before the internet was born." -- Traditional Rinzai Zen kōan
#sljsummit10 Abram: interaction, not just interactivity. Reading centers on the human dimension, not the black and white
oh good! I was getting worried! haha:)
man makes da chain, CHAIN DONT MAKE A MAN!!! S.O.J. SWAG OVA JEWLERY!!!
Busy past 2 weeks, but never too busy to work to #ElevateOthers. Dare You to #EncourageGreatness in Others. Encourage Successful behavior!
“While pain is inevitable, suffering is optional.” ~ Buddha
For sure! I enjoy your tweets even as a beer novice.
you're welcome!!
Who can be so cruel to make: GagasCareerDiedWithJamey. Her career is liver than ever.
what did you say?
i just like to talk to strangers :)
Me too!!
nope! That's Kyle-food. We went to get a bloody Mary and grilled fish from Le Whole ().
is it really 6:00??? WHERE HAS THE DAY GONE?!
Discovered one of my favorite writers, Adam Gopnik, interviewed Saul Steinberg in the 80s and it was never published. Tantalizing
how bout that SEC??
Merry Christmas everyone!!!! Be safe and have fun!
you gotta do it from your computer in your account settings.
Listening to a little and thought about the Ahmazin
This is my favorite christmas movie
A4 I'm always on the lookout for wonderful local artisans to add value to my projects
Hey Prince Fielder, F*ck you. You didn't deserve to win today or any other day.
The tradeoff for winning the Super Bowl is having absolutely no excitement for/during draft night. But I'll take it.
Wow tiger!!
It's a start. Now can we get him and his world power agenda out of American voters homes. That would be nice. K, Thx
$ay It Again! *InMyPinky(from next Friday)Voice*.....
Let me show you to the best ass eater
nope! you should keep it the way it is!
Wrong...they have a surely racially conscious black female character named "Queenetta"
advice from guys "maybe you should change your hair" apparently that will fix everything.
Allergies BLOW!
EX to the HAUSTED.
Tried the new Monavie energy drink (Emv) this weekend - delicious. Getting some to share this week!
But fuck it I'm good weed puffing & my whole teams stunning boy wssssup! bet you don't remember that song! Haha
This Song Make Me Sad
#dc #metro area #syep #apps are out, not sure about #nyc or other areas.
There you go <3
bahaha did u feel followed?! Omg how creepy..and the setting at a gas station..ew haha
Game on. Now what's the first ad? MT Obama campaign official confirms first major TV ad buy in swing states: WI, MI, VA, OH, NC.
have fun on homework.
Dr. Knight said "30% of medical costs are due to lifestyle choices; are we will to let someone who has made wrong personal choices to die?"
Hosting the ever present & much needed Bar Camp this Saturday - call 503.288.6200 or email to reserve a spot.
While most are dreaming of success, winners wake up and work hard to achieve.
Why, in a report about #Madison fire fighter training, did have to close in on a blue fist sticker on a helmet?
What makes librarians valuable? Answering hard questions!
Greatest tragedy of this period was not strident clamor of the bad people but the appalling silence of the good people Martin Luther King
its never gonna die
James ThomasIll can he rule the great that cannot reach the small
Who's out and about?
Thanks for the fun conversations today ! Looking forward to more about your #libraryasincubator programs!
The 'over 65' group spends a reported 42 hours online every month, more than any other group according to new Nielsen report.
You can tell a lot about a person by the tricks they hang around
ahh why cant i just fall asleep early like everyone else
The spotlight is nothing without you girl!!!
i really dont like sports so i can care less who win and go to the superbowl #SkateOrDie ... stop asking me who i want to win
Los Angeles for the weekend!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!✨
Break a leg!
i still hate you just as much as when you left.
I need an outfit for NYE!
All my fans out there please subscribe to my youtube channel username thebiglongdong you can also add me on facebook Mike enasni schultz ...
It's going to be legendary.
...The 90-min and 2-hr rates are better deals. $90 for 90 minutes or $110 for 2-hours, again minus 20% for your first session
It was probably one of my husband's machines, too.
i am actually riding in the trunk of this car. my mom thought it was funny. from northside to downtown #areyoufuckingserious ?
Go say hi to our clothing sponser!
yeah tomorrow's good dude, you're based in clapham right? wanna meet around fulham?
Why does my hair always look amazing at night just before bed? Hair, do like this 9 hrs. later instead! Wrong time zone dude, get on it.
Beautiful weather equals beach time
I don't mind if I see a nigga all in my bitch if she has bra, no panties. Lookin like she wanna bone. Just gone and take that hoe home
I hope we get to say hello in Vegas!
Just in case there was any confusion, I have updated my twitter handle to Follow along!
ya bring-Ed it
Awh, does someone feel left out? cc
uh oh! That is not fun stuff /: friends with benefits! hahah what about you??
here I go! Twitter is old I'm conversing through telekinesis now. So far nobody has hit me back. Lol
So who among you have made the jump to #Spotify Unlimited? Worth it?
Aw Selena said not just cuhz I love him but cuhz he's the best
In DC yet I'm forced to #SpotTheShuttle on a UStream feed. So close yet so far away.
Ive put a lotta of people on... Is it my turn???
Happy New Years Eve!
R.i.p. 2 dis beat I killed
Minnesota , here i come (: 11 more hours (:
Importer/exporter. Latex. RT : What does your company do?
um. yea i just did
Dude, there are worse things...you could have just been STRANDED lol
how can you say luck is a one in a decade QB when RG3's numbers are better. What does that make RG3?
Yes he is! and a heckofa nice guy as well!
Whoop there it is......the #6 seat is going to the SUPER BOWL!!
Now that the iMac at work is setup, time to do something with it.
Well. That was scary.
The Latinas Learning 2 Lead prgrm, cares abt R communities life, join us & learn how 2 take care of it! Submit ur application
Including Rob's podcast?
fat ass lol
Of the 7 top news feeds on ESPN mobile, 6 of them are negative. A coach fired, manager suspended, player leaving team, players hurt ,etc
he wouldn't be able to get away with that...the NBA is only sport with egos like that
lol do we now?
We're celebrating human trafficking month in the back of 's car with two non-citizens in the back :) #MW2012 w/
'Twas a never submitted product of ancient days... Do remember lots of improvisation/emergence in the knitting processes...
where can I find the Working family's report card?
Thanks Mishy! Love u too! Xo Happy Mother's Day to #htc moms! And can't forget
I do segments about once or twice a month featuring people that impact our community.
Anyone at the #vcpoloclassic on ? Is Prince Harry there this year??
: Couldn't agree with you more. No
The margin of sampling error for any poll is greater among it's subsets than it's total population.
The boyz are gonna be on ABDC this Wednesday?!! What, is this real life.... I'm gonna ball. 😍😘😭😱💗😄
If #WhatDoesntKillYouMakesYouStronger then I think it's time I enter a strong man contest! Thank you #KellyClarkson!
lol better be :p but alrighty we're almpst to the place, he's gonna message you soon
When you just wish u felt a curtain way so bad.... But realize that the time is just not right.
Marion County emailed the "State of Emergency" declaration for all of Marion County, as of 11:46am today
Water? I'd tap that.
some one isnt DMing me anymore :(
Play "Get yo Money Girl"
Beautiful night in Kansas City.
Fax Machines... still?
ugh I know, we are so slow- I'm bored out of my mind!!
That cute guy thats passes by your school. & you jus stare at him<3'.
don't bring yourself down when you got someone right here who thinks you're absolutely perfect.
follow from Milwaukee going to hoop it up at La Jolla Prep this year before going D1
i didnt had space haha and NO you dont haha stop it i love you MORE M O R E M-O-R-E (:
Jason && chandonna so cute
You're welcome: child alienation in this country is caused by selfish parents; which translates into selfish children.DUMB!
I'm a vengeful bitch and y'all better know it!
I just saw it again. It's a tie lol
Great article about in the November issue of Columbus C.E.O. (disclosure: a client).
Did you know not all ladybugs have spots? ThingsILearnedFromMyKindergartner
Seeing a spider, isn't a problem. It becomes a problem when it disappears.
"I'm not book smart." You're right, you're fucking stupid.
Britney is a judge too omg sobbing
I need coffee !!!
You'll be buying lots more 2 Wednesdays from now
Let's go bulls
But if Trayvon woulda killed :o dude it woulda been a whole different ball game "
After seeing twelve billion homes and thinking each one might be the one, I think it's time for me to say adios to my idealism.
Thanks for the follow! Get in touch if you ever want to collaborate on a project, or need PR or social.
way to start game 3 of the #WorldSeries. let's go cards!
I believe it like at 7/8 am not sure about the time.
Layers. Lots of layers.
#YOLOing Not possible. You only live onceing doesn't make sense.
why Indiana?! What are you going go be doing here?
that's what the practice part is for haha
So apparently because I reached 2001 following twitter will not allow me to follow anyone else until I get more folks following me, hm
they are just Jealous of your success Kori. Pay no attention to them your doing fine ;)
Yeah I think I heard you for a second there! j/k. But glad you're excited!
Thank you Brett! Well said. Jim
Oh luckily I'm not the one in hospital - but thanks anyway!
I can't even watch the #Arsenal match but I know that it's about time RvP comes off. Don't tempt fate, Wenger.
But its lonely
What if i bleached my hair. I bet I'd turn heads
Everyone i know
i dont care youre still amazing :)
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you dont get presents on your birthday...
Somebody get me a bottle of champagne so I can pour it on the models......
Thanks for the info!
GO RANGERS!!!
I reeally don't care who wins but I hope its the Celtics
#SAA77 Oh,wow. Desperately needed. What ideas did you all walk away with?
GoodNight Beautiful ladies :) lol
That's for sure! MT And if (per Cormac McCarthy), the exclamation mark has no place in literature, so much for Philip Roth.
O Yea, Thats A Big Change... Smh.
Keep following me y'all because I really will follow u rite back ;)
I don't know if I should light my cigarette because we only live two blocks away.
Hanging with Joel Warren at to discuss hair color trends for Spring and Summer...look out for the article later this weekend
Chi-town bound. See you peeps shortly!
I&#39;ve got a blue crush on Hawaii&#39;s beautiful word
HUGE thanks to for offering to support the #Homeless #Coach with #Nokia technology!
I want you here with me
watching everyone loves raymond with the bestie. :)
Good. Um..halfway. My period made ALL THE THINGS HURT which didn't really help my face tic situation you know?
Thursday is Clipper City night at the Owl Bar! $3 Heavy Seas drafts all night! Free pint glass with first purchase until we run out!
NAFTA planted seeds for drug war. MT It was surreal to realize corn tortillas I bought in Mexico were made in US
After being at Barber & at IMS the past 3 days, I really like the sound of the cars & engines
haha love u back RT “: I love the fact that talked on the radio about almost peeing her pants!! Lmao love you lys”
“: Sometimes you sing along to "Man In The Mirror" and sometimes you just yell right along with that mf-er.”
Hi I'm looking for A. Wang? I have the most annoying voice in the world. So do i hafta email you a guest list?????
you talk about your love for Christ, but I bet you can't even tell me what language that man spoke.
gimme yo number and I'll call I'll follow that ass in the mall!!
I haven't really thought, but Saturday is always good. It allows you to stay & not work the next day!
Great chat b/w , Vic had an excuse for Google+..."Make sure you're using it correctly." #SXSW #sxgoogle+
Doubt is a part of everyone's journey
:) Up bright an early so I can get my day started........ and I still can't open my eyes all the way :|
Well done. Makes me want a Mini that much more.
thank you
Watching the good ol' The DVD!
i sorry
Neil and Willie! We need you in Madison Wisconsin March 12th! Be There! Please~
they sell thinners or something. At least I've heard
Woke up to the greatest texts from my dad about how awesome he's seats we're to see at the All Star Game!
there all screwed up, Paterno dying pretty much gets everyone off except Sandusky. and he just keeps delaying the trial
#Vegas April 12-15, April 19-23, May 4-7... At least this weekend's trip is for business..Swear it feels like I never moved LOL
walmart bike! led lights! giant moist wipes! value pack of socks! tomorrow, haight st. outfits! preparing for the man.
what hate you lol
theres moments when i feel so sad i just feel like bursting into tears. why is it that all of this could be thrown at one person to handle
meh, neither Stern nor Goodell deserve any of that.
