#Trivia Monday warm up! What was Stan Mikita’s number when he played for the #Blackhawks? Remember, #Trivia starts at 8pm.
Subway and Arizona for the night. No homework because of the MCAS tests. Sweet.
lets go bills!
Well that's the last time I tell #ThaiCafé for hot pad Thai. Waste of a good meal assholes.
Ever look back and think, am i gonna be lookin back in a year and thinkin the same thing ?
yes and they are both clear. Which seems like a miracle. But it is Easter weekend.
God is really convicting me tonight of who I am. I am so humble that my faults are being revealed and that I may be cleansed of my sin.
haha I'm sure there is. I can't think right now but then again I didn't watch every single movie..
Administrative Professionals Day is Wednesday --- mark your calendar & come get a Simon Giftcard for your admin! T&C's apply.
I did a survey for my MA thesis a few years ago, and most people didn't know they would lose the right to their work in 7 years.
I know of 2 country songs and no other songs that include the words "Fu Manchu." What should I do with this information? Is it significant?
Go give us a 'Like' on Facebook! http:/facebook.com/OfLegionsOfficial
At the Autobahn Country Club in Joliet...please let us drive on the track!
Sweat out your problems.
Wishing everyone a fabulous week!
"Great communities have great art" - Anne Parsons, Detroit Symphony Ochestra
its last minute things like this that get me so mad.
Marcel Dzama! Awesome violent bicycle riders.
My Man! RT : Shout out to !! That's the homie. Everyone follow him
Want to start planning for disney next year already ^.^
My lord can we get one spring game without rain! Still excited about year 3. GO CARDS
My parents called me Jan. I'm from Amsterdam. Who is Mr. Morgan?
UPS has the best cargo pilots in the world, because it's really hard to fly with the doors open.
Is ready to party
weel everyone tomorrow is the last day for tribeca film festival
Its simple, stop supporting racism and sexism by buying ads on Limbaugh's network. Don't see how u can support it
his disdain for the Pacer organization has been obvious for years.
Guy on plane is surprised at how many seats are full. Hey douchebag, I am surprised at how u just can't take a hint.
Thursday 12/29 7pm Waypost Cafe (N. Williams, PDX) — come see our new short film, THE WORLD OF MISSING PERSONS.
MIAMI HEAT!!!
snap, I'm listening to DJ Shimamura's 1hour Hardcore Mix-- Makes me miss the days I would party at raves and chiz.
I cannot wait till finals are over.
Listening to Sly Stone...It should be a crime to be that funky...
Sad story: reports Micah True aka Caballo Blanco, famed US runner & friend to the Tarahumaras, is found dead after going missing
IL does have a lot of hard work ahead!
Fascination, at some level, is based upon survival. And to survive, you must Fascinate.
Hey guys! Follow Friday time! Include us in your Follow Friday and we'll include you in ours! GO!
thank you !
#FF - interesting tweets about film; - links to interesting articles smart guy with new blog
Highest level of stress post-work? NBA 2k12 battles w/ that go to the last shot.
thanks for clarifying that. I am a HS and NCAA official and I thought they messed that enforcement up. You cleared it up 4 me.
I wonder if the ladies at the club can hear what the songs are saying about them.
Playing the innocent victim. Tsk tsk tsk. If only everyone saw the REAL you.
I'm good how are you lovely?
Cloud Migration: CloudComputing
I want to date a
Marjorie Ostrov from Friends of B'nai Abraham Synagogue presenting efforts to preserve the vacant synagogue including Reuse Study.
Happy Halloween!!
Little ballpark trivia: Wrigley Field is the last Federal League ballpark standing and it has basically stayed advertisement-free.
honestly, how many Ps need to be in the word inappropriate?
thanks for the advice
and the 1 who almost cut my hair that is his 2nd time
We're fully recovered and ready for final day of #SSE12. Lots of fun with the candy crew!!
wow really...
Take care never gets old
I have a layer of dirt completely covering my face.
A huge dump truck flipped by my house 💩👃
Love it when Fridays are terrific and productive
Looking forward to a warmer spring this year.
Welcome back spring season! is amazing!
UH HUH YEA RiGHT!...
Today's BTU inspiration: "Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world... Same world." ~Wayne Dyer
its 11:11 in Holland. So make a wish and say 'i hope you come true'
Had a serious moment with the bois runnin big rigs off the road
hey hey love! How r ya?
Just glad mom and dad aren't on twitter.
We just bought some ad space on Ragamuffin because it's good. That is all.
Time to watch a movie. Ta ta ta for now
Im Just Happy To Be Here I Cant Complain, Living Life Staying Afloat Feel Me
Gosh darnet Nicki should have won!!!!
So tired. I'm ready for bed already.
I'll always be here for you. Til the very end
Sounds good!
you take matters into your own hands
Success - The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
I burp a lot - i's gots ta work on that around the male pups.. I mean... Look at my body... $$$ and how could you not love my face?
#MagicCity is MadMen meets The Godfather ;-}
Sure! But it's perfectly OK if a coal company does it for #MTR and Holy Profit. See Matthew 23:33.
smh...anyways miss you. You got my b day event marked on your calendar right?
RT : Great Day for DC Sports ...Caps tie the series and the Nats look likely to sweep the Phillies!!! Go CAPS Go NATS.....
I agree/Adobe states, "Students should be active authors/creators, not just observers of digital content." re: industry-std software
If you every need to settle something between you and your partner, a game of Rummy 500 should do the trick.
You're a dead horse?
dont awee me i want a yes or a no
OMG!! Will you be MY valentine?!?!
yea but there all kind of at the same time and I have to be up really early for and aud in the moring
You tell me.
Thank you!
Hitting the conference wall. Dinner time.
Just tuned into Manchester City vs. Manchester United!
take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty
If you're not eating corn chips with everyone else, it's one of the most repelling smells ever! Barf.
I have almost no followers, but am a proud directioner. Could you RT for this loyal fan?
Remember "smear the queer" from grade school? The #GOP and want to literally do that.
What did you do lol?
Austin is Sexy and I RT ;) :D
Which is not to say I support him waiting for political reasons instead of doing what he knows is right, right away.
Dude hanging wearing Spanx is the bomb! Pics are hot all 'round.
It's Earth Day people, so smoke trees!
Alan Kay: In 2003 only 31% of college grads can understand Common Sense. Colleges are selling degree. Remember Academically Adrift?
Happy Birthday. Stay away from Larry David and his kebab stick!
Lunch needs to come sooner. I'm starving.
as a consultant and trainer, it is HALF of the work I do.
W/ gas nearing $4/gal & the weather turning nice in #roc, it's time 2 get the bike ready 4 the daily commute. I hope I remember how 2 ride.
hot water, shaved ginger (1 teaspoon) and honey
Nothing but LOVE and SUPPORT to you!
Interesting. Post from FB on Mayor Cook on Border Talk didn't post, nor did Irish Mexican Alliance yesterday. Had to manual enter on Twitter
Lucroy, wait for a good one.
i think we said that in stereo...
mom's watchin stream of bad movies like Ghost Rider #1. She actually said "this was a GOOD movie," with misplaced passion.
Bahaha... why must MD be all the away across the Pacific Ocean?! (feels that way)
keep safe
this account worked. cody is coming to Indiana!!
3d DOM inspector and live style editor in the new #firefox. cool.
hahhhahaha I need to hear that!
1648-- the lady next to me talked on her cell as we were beginning our landing and guy next to me plays WWF. Glad to be on land.
It's $FB week. Everybody get out your checkbooks and warm up the trading account.
It's a sign! RT I saw a robin this morning... this must mean that Air Force is about to join the Big East !!!
ARE YOU KIDDING?! I WAS WORKING THERE ALL NIGHT! I got off at midnight so maybe 10 mins before you arrived??
of coarse not scare or scar! haha
layin down I have FCAT tomorrow
I am twitter following the shit out of everyone in this room.
Its to close to prom for you to make me mad..
yes you are... Keep up the good soulfull work!!!
we'll say I'm investing in America's future? That or I'm kind of an ideologue... your choice.
Im trilla then a bitch I cant even lie
Watching #RAW and drinking bud select 55. Gotta watch the figure.
listening to radiohead and zoning the hell out. must. keep. writing.
Just another day in north.
Sherrod is one of them. He had 115
Anyone know of any blog-host-peeps who might want to review/interview? There's cash in it for you! (ok, not really, but still!)
“: #Aquarians can daydream all day and still finish all their jobs”
Katelynne is bad af to be part mexican ;)
God the sound of my alarm just really pisses me off I swear
Thank you Tums, job well done
thank you so much! You rock! :D
No matter what cool time saving gadget I use I still end up wasting my time on twitter/facebook...maybe the problem is me...
$5 off regular tickets to see 'Ana en el trópico' Call 202-234-7174 to reserve or enter code tropics12 online.
Happy Hump Day!!! Come in tonight and watch NHL and NBA 3 elimination playoff games.
Thanks for the RTs! Good Monday to you!
The odds of Dem's holding the Senate are getting better with an #ElizabethWarren Senate run appearing imminent
#imagine Zayn: Did u have fun last night with *your name* ? Harry: yes she screamed my name so loud. ;)
LOL!!! Caller wants to know why they just don't hold the creator of the Internet liable for frauds ...
Hard mud is called shale. Soft mud is called gooey.
hannah went on friday i was like wah
was a nice shot. I was sitting right behind the goal
RT 38CashOutShawdy Never Too Much Never Too Much #Money ......
The clashing of two worlds: a life-pattern of frugality and end-of-the-year capital expenditures.
Earth Day and every day! Happy Earth Day!!!! Consider natural remedies from for pet care!
Divide each difficulty into as many pas as is feasible and necessary to resolve it. Descaes
well I say more power 2 u :)
I too hope they do.
Maria on dancing with the stars is so annoying.
#mysuperpower sleeping with my eyes open in class
Wish they had a :10 runoff for fouls about now like the NFL.
#IRemember when I killed myself and you were mad at me but I don't even remember why I killed myself or how you forgave me lmao
Feels so good 2 b off
I don't think you can overstate the importance of Seau to San Diego. The only other pro athlete with a bond as deep is Tony Gwynn.
Hi! What's up?
they will probably fire me ._____. i've missed TWO days this week. i'm surprised they havent already.
We have a 10 day free pass just for mentioning this tweet!! Check in on facebook and see what deal we offer today!!
You're really pretty (:
so cool!! What an amazing combination of talents in a place that needs a new face (brewers hill).
If I followed you just now, its because I know you in my other life as a freelance writer. Thanks for following & reading A&G!
Just passed Rose Acre Farm in Illinois. I purchase their #eggs often.
Let me fix that for you, style: spotify:track:41fSiYyZRisC9mR6e43OLb
Murrow College named amount nation's top 25 Journalism Schools per: NewsPro Magazine No specific ranking assigned to those top 25
ConfirmedRT : I'm hearing reports of brian shaw wearing Maseish shiny suit jacket. Can this be confirmed
I need my own space ; this is ridiculous .
Rest in a beautiful place Whitney *(*.
Lakers are struggling against a Denver team who has no proven star and expect to beat OKC lol? I expect the Clippers to lose tomorrow fyi.
When you're online schooling locks you out of an exam..
Good evening all! been a busy day, taking a short break then back to work :)
What comes, is called. ~Ki Longfellow
How can u be wit someone but u neva hav time 4 them? How can u say u wanna be wit me 4ever but da time we hav now I dont get a txt nor call?
oh my. Now that's a memory you have. Promise Ring have a great set going.
your coke zero has no caffeine? Mine has like 60 mg per bottle...
SIT down & RT ALL DAY...
it's not what you say but how you say it!
Child's poseur.
HUNGER GAMES.... AMAZING
I let my cousin's daughter play with my Barbies once and she thought their clothes were hilarious lol legwarmers...
Doing okay! Son and hubby caught my lingering cold though, so taking it easy today.
I have no idea how I used to do it.
You live in PST or something god-awful like that, which is really EST but reversed.
do I want to do prep work today? No. Will I? Yes, but I'm going to drink afterwards.
3 more GREAT and accessible agents you should follow on Twitter #FF --
Ohh I don't worry bout that shit no more !!! Trust.me
Thanks for coming down! Glad you had a good time. Hope to see you soon!
Sophocles~ Time eases all things.
I need mental help I swear lol
ah cheer tryouts tomrrow.! (: I AM PUMPED.!
Finally read The Imperfectionists, and now I see what all the fuss was about.
No one asked me either.
I think Kennth Branagh is doing a fine job with his "Wallander" Masterpiece Mystery! series on PBS.
Where? At a South Side Goodwill?
As noted on FB, whoever built that base needs to learn2play, or at least to choke off their ramp with a pylon or something.
My tears actually look like purple rain.
the militarization of police doesn't exactly say liberty, or freedom, does it?
you just got sucked into the vortex! Welcome!
Found out going to Baltimore in June for business, hope to do some #genealogy research and history sightseeing. Recommendations?
Miami Jackson, Jackson Jones series, Ziggy and Black Dinosaurs, Scraps of Time on Negro Baseball League and Black Cowboys
Worldwide- need females for 4min self recorded ass shaking video. Pay ranges from 300 to 1,000 dollars. Get paid today via Western Union.
I am sure she is proud of all you have accomplished. Thanks so much!
VA Governor Bob McDonnell is SO OBSESSED with gay people & women's health & sexuality that it makes ME wonder about his own sexuality!!
I knew you would. Can't believe there's only 1 Epi. Left! 😣 “: I love Scandal now, btw!”
u just said I dont know what type of shit you like. But u about to take this convo to another level. I'll explain in person
holy crap. I would wear that in a heart beat lmfaoo!
Merry X-mas to you
me too!! Lol.
Im single and drunk
Absolutely - and probably at the airport too!
Next Alternative Inc. manufactures and distributes emulsion-fuel, and distributes emulsion-fuel machines N4H
Damn I have a serious headache
everyone is perfect the way they are
No bones about it - great evening gala with Kathleen Sebelius!
You Can Just . . .Suck On My Wiener ! -Butters' Voice Lml
i really feel sorry for mrs. herman cain...i am not sure i could have endured it all. sad.
MOAR RUNS PLEASE
that's where I live now
o for reals?D: sucks wat grade r u iin?
Nice choices! :) Funny we were expecting everyone to say PBR budlight or corona haha
Co-wash, DC, Shea Butter, Bantu Knots. My hair is now air drying and I swear it just said "Thank you for loving me up today" :D
Why chase something you can have. . . The boy is mines
They do but often with the mindset of pointing & clicking to get at something they deem important.
omg ginny from hary potter is engaged. this officially makes me feel so old lol
Have a box of Kleenex nearby if u'r watching the tv show parenthood!! Good stinkin' night!
At least it doesn't end that way (in the episode). I effing hate that show.
We are changing up the Midnight Madness this year. What date would be better for you? August 18th or September 1 (labor day weekend)?
Agreed. The speed at which things get shared on Twitter is wonderfully fast.
I didn't get an email! Haha
Smokin Friend: "you goin out tonight?" .... You: "maybe after the game, but iono, i'll see when i put some bread on it."
Reflexology uses hand, thumb, & finger techniques to stimulate certain areas of the feet that correspond to various parts of the body.
Oh boy, I gots lots of goodies to help kick off Republicanfest! I suppose I oughta get on the People's Computer, eh?
Would I be a hot news anchor!?
You ever notice how albino black guys all sort of look like Andy Samberg?
On my way to the park to show off and get fucked.
merry christmas to you as well.
What topics would you like to hear Long Shot Podcast take on in Season 4???
Really? BofA charging me to user money? $5.00 a month debit card usage fee? @#%£&€¥!!!!!
#20factsaboutme my best friend from kindergarten is still my best friend today
Jmac with the least run support in the league... Showing today
Eli Manning hosting #SNL tonight.
Right By My Side video is good , looking sexy ; )
Thank you Secy Sebelius for mtg w/ us to discuss the #disability programs at #CDC. We look forward to continuing to work with you.
I love you. And your partially bald head!
Thanks for following check out www.createmoneyweb.com
Things are back to normal now. Thanks for your patience!
s/o to ... im alive bro i swear!
Odd how so many are treating #IAcaucus like the SuperBowl instead of the early season scrimmage that it is
So excited about going to see the Red Sox play atTarget Field today! Any tips for visiting the park?
two weeks? Wow that's impressive! I had a false start a couple of years ago too, but this time I'm determined.
how have you been?
you'll be scared for the whole 2 yrs, that's what we do! but we'll do it with a smile and mascara on!
Hi Carrie! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
what is up my dude!?
and thanks for the wicked fast response!
The people that call racist are more often than not racist. #Instant defamation of the accuser
Mothers Day Brunch $29 all you can eat special! Mother's Day buffet!Please contact us to make reservations!
yours is pretty good too!
The grass always looks greener on the other side.........you still falling for that BS
I refuse to take sleeping pills now, and theres no other way. But, really? Damn. You must be exhausted. Arent you sleepy?
Tree. Homemade chocolate cream pie. Ron Burgundy.
If Greece exits.. 1st flood drawn.. Germans et al will easily release other countries from Eur zone. in fact resist funding others
After watching The Grey last night I have no desire to travel to alaska.
person believes she/he is doing Gods work-I guess ur opinion about what matters is not important to him/her
Do the ricky bobby , stop ~
I know what I want to say, I just am not sure how or even if I should say it.
Bob Seger keeps popping into my brain. Bob Seger energy all over. Bob Seger if you are listening, you should rest or have vitamin C.
Dad: You're going to meet 1D Me: .... Dad: .... Me: .... Dad: Haha! Fooled you!! Me .... Dad: SOMEBODY CALL A DOCTOR! SHE'S NOT BREATHING!
LOVE SUCH AN INSPIRATION!!! YOU GO STU!!!
good morning twitter and cenation and wwe fans john can u follow im a part of cenation and i always will be ill never give upjohn
Did I mention that the Third Man is my favorite movie?
i have asian-ish eyes.
Now time for FIFA
Soylent green of course
"By commoditizing meaningless content, you're actually hurting democracy." Inspiring talk from
please follow me (:
Automatic out and the human rally killer does it again. Thanks Craig!
April 2012 Special – Buy 1 Belladerma Beauty Benefits membership, get a second one Free – Perfect Graduation or Mother’s Day gift!
I would be too if I wasn't here!
The new #gummy background has been approved! #ICS it is - with a touch of
best part of the show was
Awww thanks! Hugs! :D
I filled out one and I have you coming out of the East.
life's a bitch but I caught her.
Town Hall Brewery makes nice beers, & I had a really great meal at 112 Eatery (pricey mains, but reasonable sandwiches/apps)
I keep singing #hangover far to fitting today
Can Bulls beat Heat in 7 game series?
I won't be comfortable. I mostly wanted you all to see that I left no stone unturned!
No problem :D
10 in a row for the Heat....but Dallas and L.A will be the biggest test of the season for Decembers version of that team
Would like to send you a direct message, can you follow us?
I hear that . God is great
where are you at
"i heard your good at algebra. Can you substitute my "X" without asking "Y"?"
Holiday treat- , televised on ! , don't listen to , you don't remind me of a muppet.
Mostly it was because the Brita tastes terrible with DC water & wanted to gossip around it.
He threw a knife into heaven.
You mean the whole album went into itunes as one song? Or you can only open one song?
Big time!!!!! Congrats brother! RT : NCAA D2 Salem International University as a full time assistant
Recommends learning OAuth, but OAuth is integrated into iOS Twitter Framework.
Serious question: Would you approve of getting a PS3 solely for Journey?
packed my rucksack for DoE, tried it on and nearly fell over. It doesn't even have the tent in yet!!
work and play CAN be the same at EFG.. living and breathing advertising
Rule #4 work off of the best actors in class if you can, logic: "if you play tennis with people who are better your game will also improve"
awesome. Did you mean march 21st?
thank you for the suggestion! It would be wonderful! Pls help spread the word about the badges! :-)
Yay for 74 peeps in attendance tonight!!!
May! RT : when's the new ep out?
I was told I needed 2 work on forgiveness & I've realized forgiving some1 does not mean they still don't have 2 face the consequences.
ask Jill does she ever plan on penning some type of book in the near future.
Female Camp followers had tough time in #CivilWar. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
Single is not a status. It is a word that describes a perosn who is stong enought to live and enjoy life without depending on others
Yeah. That's terrible. The amateurs.
you would think my dislike for the Jets would bother him ahhaah
Friday Humor: To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer. - Paul Ehrlich
My favorite job searching site: www.simplyhired.com
I'm excited to be on the board for #slowfooddc and get my health coach certification from #IIN this month!
I'm still shocked though.
Wtf!!! This traffic is ratchett! I'm pissed, this sum bs. Ugggghhhhhhh
I'm thinking beauty and the beast Friday! :) I'm such a kid sometimes!
hi boy!!! what's about your life?
Wroten. Wow. Good luck in the NBA.
Let's go Brew-hers!
While The Flintstone's technology was a bit rough on animals and reptiles, it did point to a distributed energy policy.
Wing it Wednesday!!! Pro Players Boneless Wings 1/2 lb $3.99 or Bone-In Wing 10 for $6.95. Add some Haystack Onions or Sweet Potato Fries!
SO ANNOYING.
drink hot soda :D
he's young right? or am I crazy?
NIOSA is my absolute favorite! How about you?
Success before work only in the dictionary!!!!!
good afternoon(:
this is my 1st ppv in about 3 years.
I love it too kinda fits my situation too good right now :P
It's Jersday!! New #JerseyShore tonight. (:
I'd love to hear your case on why they are. But let's talk about that judgment, not the idea that jornos can't/don't make them.
Meeting with a potential new commercial agent today!!! Excited for some new energy to be infused into my career!!!
Not in any of my orifices ! RT : sounds good. U don't like the salty pickle?
hey what's up your sexy I like those thighs I want to kiss em, the inside of them
No matter what happens today, life goes on!!!
Also I forgot to watch my show LLT ( lizard lick towing):)
this boy said t-swizzle . . . WOW !.
we thought u had plans to the city
Yes she is and yes you are an expert! RT : Jason Day's wife is gorgeous!
if you figure this out I need the details.
Poetry, praise, and promise, all in this powerful passage from an Old Testament prophet. Isaiah 40:21-31
So much to be thankful for, I don't even mind that it's Monday...
R.I.P Dick Clark.
It's not often that a Brewers home game ends in the morning hours.
Thanks Chip. Got back safe & sound. Was good 2 see if. IF I keep working I will Share the wealth!
We'll have to meet face to face during the forum! cheers
DH centers = a World of Gue?
Get out of the rain & head to the Artsgarden today for lunch & live music. Luke Austin Daugherty takes the stage at 12:15.
ok so YOU need to follow back(:
maybe i'll tweet today
Just visit already... www.DCAfterWork.com
Gotta love being hit on on your first day back on an MMORPG that you used to play a lot.
Don’t let your ears witness what your eyes didn’t see. Don’t let your mouth speak what your heart doesn’t feel. Unknown
Kim Kardashian says: Dating football players is 'really hard'
So Madison Square Garden is trending. You know who would be cool to see there? ! Arabella Jones -Undo It tinyurl.com/8xndlcj
Okay, nobody tell my kids I'm about to see "The Muppets" without them.
I love hanging out in the bathroom of a hotel so my kids can sleep at 7 pm
Vacation in San Francisco, very windy past 2 days
I hv mixed feelings cuz i kind of want the #lakeshow to win and i kind of want the
I'm seeing resistance at ~$567 after that.
Is speaking to Greater Dallas Advisory Board as keynote speaker on 10/20/11, 11:30-1:00, More Comfortable: Employment Equity for PWD.
Huebsch says Chief Riseling spoke to everyone staying in Capitol yesterday and personally asked them to leave.
A Cheesy happy
Thanks for the follow, Anyone with the motto of a 45 a day is alright by me. Thanks for the "Other Brothers" lInk, what a great song
the weather.... I check that.
This night is so dead
Train students to question & argue abt values, objectivity, & purpose. A curriculum organized around skill sets doesn't do this.
“: This sounds like an electronic version of ” O, who?
Gym...Putting in some much needed work!
Former UMass forward Matt Glass with the bucket + one opportunity. Glass gives #Vermont a 26-19 lead with 3:56 to play.
Hang hearts on it and call it a valentine tree. Shamrocks next, then eggs, keep it going till December! Saves time!
Back to reality,
Only a day late #walkingdead season finale
I think we get the fuckn point that there was a earthquake so everybody just shut the fuck up
that's some serious coin for an royal set of granny panties.
I hope you know your videos just make my fucking day :3
my toesies are frozen!
No, Twitter, I do NOT want to follow Mitt Romney. Ever. Geez... it's like you don't even KNOW me!
It took me 27 mins to get from Church to Van Ness
Hey everybody, time to buy a pizza! Stop in to the shop, 1827 n farwell ave.
i'll take a stab: objective: what should specific outcome/ strategies - how?/ tactics - what are your specific action items?
Watching Discovery with , what is u be doing?
I second that RT : Who's with me on promoting solar energy initiatives?
Woo! 80% speedup by importing the "fastFoo" library instead of vanilla Foo.
to survive the torrent, we must take it to the cloud!
Do you have plans next weekend? I think we need to golf.
anything in particular?
you have to have effective care which includes research!
el diabloo loco
Surprised by my love and appreciation of socks.
Landed safely in Detroit
Thanks to for donating mats to one of schools!!
Also, it's a shame I didn't have time to track down a Paddy's Pub on St. Patrick's Day. It IS quite sunny here, after all.
so y "lady" wasnt with him in 1st class? y she never in public w/him but always is?
Why oh why am I wide awake at 3am? I might as well make a quiche.
Watching Soul Surfer, amazing story. is the definition of inspiration.
"You can't be a good person by following the rules. The rules are rarely the best guide for doing what's right." at
#greatidea! :) RT : Somebody's got a birthday coming up! #PartyPie?
Updated my twitter & now it takess forever to loadd ! -__-
naps are essential. Especially out there lol
For christmas I want a treadmill.
Tonight it happens! HUGE Casting announcement by and on #Drifter! WE are excited!
PORTLAND FOLLOWERS! wheres a good place to play a show here??
is one of my favorite bands <3
Playing with my new little baby kettlebell. Even the little ones can wear you out!
I KNOW!
Team iPhone :) hell ya
RT : The greatest danger to our future is apathy. -Jane Goodall - Met Jane several years ago, an incredibly interesting woman
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear i cheated on you
it's officially not official. Just another reason to not be Braun!!
Fantastic company. I'm feeling decidedly underpublished for the occasion.
no doubt good sir!
Don't act like you don't have tempation; the only way you'll be able to stand through it is through prayer & fasting
Cheer practice really tired...
Does Alex Smith have another one in him?
You are totally going to be wrong (although I think you're right)! Blessings come in pink and blue. :)
good luck! rock!!!
The commercials are lying. Diet Mountain Dew sucks 👎
aannnddd celebratory beer time
Getting started in court for the man accused of plotting to bomb Portland's #ChristmasTree Lighting NEXT
You can win a bag of samples by joining the party Dougie!
Congratulations! All the best wishes to you both.
thanks for the warm reception in this cold, cruel world.
no I did not
#mymusic makes you move.
early! i think we'll need to meet at the columbia heights metro at 8 am...but i'll check the schedule
Way too many turnovers
Signs is amazing man!!! so proud
When is #teenwolf coming back ah<3
Good Morning All Wed. Jan.11th It's all about Chicken Paprikash Today! Our 5.99 Daily Special!
I thought they planned on adding bike lanes as well
Hey, the moon has water. NASA said so and they don't lie. Let's throw the orbital tea into a lunar sea
It started with Now, here with Today, its my eleventh BETA-versary! How time flies...
Aight lets go
Experience is that which enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again
All your faves at metro center today, 12th and g with, tacos al pastor, vegan purple potato, pollo sofrito and barbacoa. Come hungry =)
#DearHair please grow out as so I can have my new 3c hairstyles!! Icky poo on relaxers!
Come for drinks after turkey! We open at seven
Today is out of control. I just want to take a nap for like an hour-ish...
thx very much, Dave.
two feet of sunshine in killbrae?? More like a yard of fog in the FC.
great shot!! I hope he comes back to Orlando in the next couple of years. Can't wait to take my boy!
It feels soo nice to not set my alarm tonight.
Awesome. "Church is not a museum for the good people, but a hospital for the broken." -
You know you're in trouble when waking up feeling normal is like, "All RIGHT! I feel NORMAL today!"
wwbed? (What Would Bob Edwards Do?)
cookies a liar. Don't listen to her.
Thanks for the follow!
I love twitter!!!!!! Mostly because #banbeliebers is trending!!!
Not the news i was expecting at all. Never saw this coming
If I get 10 retweets before I get to the haircut place, I'll get a fauxhawk
haha please we all know the truth bout which state is better ha dude I'll have to make a road trip out there! Ha
I think we should all try to be more original.
"O woman, great is your faith! Let it be to you as you desire." Matthew 15:28 music to my ears. Flex your faith muscles..Let's GO
Rainy days and Mondays always get me thinking about getting a facial...or hair conditioning...or www.hairinthecity.me
Late night #whatnottowear I LOVE THAT SHOW.<3
everybody free for dinner on the 19th?
cartman's mom, hands down.
Nick young was a snag for the clippers
that was MEAN. but hey, fuck it. n u prolly serious daz da crazy part... smh. its funny how shit changes
Hey People!! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!
hahaha try looking for her :p
terrific story on Jennings comparing Favre & Rodgers. Thanks! Enjoyed the read.
i managed 2 balcony together on friday release and 2 individual on prerelease day. selling the individuals at cost.
that was nuts! Dog on the fritz?
Bitch please. You wished you loved me as much as Iloveyou.<3
school is fucking up my sleep schedule. summer, where you at !?
"A person can succeed at almost anything for which they have unlimited enthusiasm."
love , ya right . more like use
Happy New Jeer to Rex Ryan and his Jets, Jets, Jets!!!
what an awesome shift tonight on the penalty kill. Outstanding effort!!
Pazzo will be on vacation until the 4th - Happy New Year!
Best thing about being right under the roof: I get to hear every bit of this wickedly awesome storm!!!
I was just told that I'm the best cracker ever :) #awe :)
RIP Patrick Swayze
Is John taking questions from Twitter tomorrow?
soon our today will be your tomorrow, Bill.
THANK YOU for the RT's about the #ChristianComedyChicks 🐤!! Did you see our episode on ? 😊
App Lets You Find Cheapest Electricity for Your EV
in the south, Texas Pete Rules.
Favorite TV or Movie Moms? Go! Note: Teen Mom doesn't count.
Happy First Mother's Day! Just saw you looking beautiful on the cover of Cosmo #doylestownrepresent!
Fantastic. See you there, Alan.
I missed 17 points worth today. What does that mean I have to do? Lol sounds like a terrible game
Thanks for the RT!
Natural Hair Care Guide and Hair Fall Treatment ;O hair fall
in an unrelated note, new Anchorman movie in 2013!
I apparently get very emotionally about dead composers. No laughing if you see me cry reading Alex Ross's The Rest is Noise.
WARPED TOUR ALL DAY<33333
...Oh yeah and there were some bloopers too.
Well this sucks.
I heard they signed Andrew Bogut today too?
Just finished a character building run with a great cast of characters #runla stop rain stop
Happy Birthday ! See you all soon.
If I open my own coffee shop, it'll be named The Crematorium.
Talking New Media: DoApp redesigns the interface of its Mobile ...
RT : Happy Friday! Are you seeing any #LATHTR this weekend? Which ones?
I edited a press release about myself today. Glad to say it was superb. Thanks
YES he is
we miss you too!
Its on once again 2nite #IbizaDC Saturday night HOOKUP . 21+ FREE All night LONG!!
Up Up and Away having a great sunday and yes iam a fan of Superman boy do i need the power perhaps some strong coffee
That is a good number for someone to Crank call lol:-) and do not give the credit card number...
Hahahaha this is true. Are you thinking of the same brown eyed hottie from Texas that I am? ;) hahaha
im back tho ;*
Fashion is what you adopt when you don't know who you are. -Quentin Crisp
Had to do that there. Can't afford a cheap 5 yard penalty for illegal substitution
Nobody gave to breathe so the whole internet bullied her by giving her a taste of her own medicine. HOORAH TWIITER!
Exactly. It does not make me think well of that person. At all.
To all my sisters in Christ, may god bless you with peaceful dreams and a blessed morning.!
lucky ass
I wonder if Kopitar realizes he's not in the World Championships and therefore shouldn't care
Life is all about relationships: personal, professional, and spiritual.
because I need to go to a bachelorette party where u will be in a bikini and I have awful tan lines from working in my yard!
Wonder how many kids are asking their teachers/parents/iPads, "Who is Fidel Castro?"
Hoosiers: Incredi-Plex Sports & Entertainment Complex on Plum District, Error
Attorney now speaking - says he represents a number of concerned parents.
I remember now.
iPad is a great luxury item, not a necessity. For full time writing or PC based work it can't replace a laptop.
Cooter Jennings and the horse
Romo strikes again. Fumble then a pick on a floater to revis. Same ol Romo
RT : Cassie Scallon rocked the double, winning both the 50k and 25k for the women! Great job Cassie!!
Happy Bday Punk
Like talking to brick walls...
Enjoying the VIP Club w/ after Chelsea Handler. Love it!!
Tired af! Wore out
I don't like Fridays..I'm a Saturday girl ;)
Game TIME!!!
Why am I so restless?
lol not yet, I will on tuesday
I love morning rain in the mountains :-)
#iwantyouto get addicted to success
Only Yoshimi can save us from the #singularity now.
Such a bad morning..
i think your still that kid from the very start
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone." Neale Donald Walsch
sent you a DM this morning did you get it? Thank you for reaching out!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great day!
oh no!
Adding in new legends for #fantasy football leagues every day. How cool u can play against #tony dorsett #Ed too tall jones and more
thanks for having my back today told me what you said. I'm glad. I got your back anytime. Love you(: sexy
fuck u at
those guys who post a picture of every shoe that they have...
#BarRescue Hey Mrs. Taffer!! miss ya lots!!
yeah I like that mr. sexy conda lol. I finally watched the Boyfriend video ( a week after it came out ) lol
Visiting Occupy Boston. Still can't believe this is all happening.
Playing the same episode of baby looney tunes for my nephew , lol . I wonder do he know he keep watching the same show over & over .
just so you know, and I love you more than anything...
At yardhouse drinking ales and railing the bball. Let's go heat!!
Can't wait to play on the same line-up as White Denim this Friday... We hope they see us play and want to form a super group.
Rebels on verge of ousting Qadaffi; biggest upset since '69 Mets. Amazin'
As a spic ass pirate it makes me laugh that people still don't get it. It being a JOKE. Get over yourself pretty princess.
"right now Danny's being such an annoying"
Hill M with 2 quick goals lead 2-1 over MG.
no problem, I see your signs around #DC all the time. Do you do industrial/commercial real estate at all?
Hello. do you mind following me? I would follow you first but Im on following limit as soon as im off I will follow you back
Concur. Free limo with reservation to the Restaurant! L'Atelier is also excellent.
We never can predict, but keep checking our Facebook and Twitter!
Who cares right now?!!!! The BIG news is Mo being finished! NOT Trout AB...in a game LAA is losing?!!
The Phil phillips band.
There's never a good time to smoke weed.
Looks like 2 of the quadfrecta is complete
Giving up? The artist's name is Mickiah Wolff, class of 2000.
Finally got the apartment the way I like it.....for now. Time for a snack. Mhmm lucky charms
I am in business! Two clients, two more almost signed, need two more!
It should be. Martindale-Hubbell is useless.
Sen. Risser in red beret working the crowd at reclaim Wisconsin rally.
well be there in 10 min
Happy Holidays to all from the Traveing Guardian Angel wish the Best to everyone, Follow us into the New Year
folks need to check in at Registration first, then come to Exhibition space. Exhibits are behind trade show.
SanFrancisco music duo just became my 1201st follower. I've had their debut "Shine" for years, and yet I never met them.
you're welcome :)
kamcia <3 (: On Monday, chasing Alexander W. (; ()
Hope to meet you. Volunteering with Tim Love and then get to enjoy!
Hey Lou, a few weeks ago, by chance, I saw Kevin died on the pavement: '(
If you prick me, do I not bleed? If you tickle me, do I not laugh? If you pay me for Orioles season tickets, do I not make wagons of money?
RT : Drunk woman attacks restaurant staffer. Among us, we ought to be able to identify her....
Aww thanks! We like you too :) Y'all do some great things for this town!
C'mon guys, we need more followers! Spread the word and show some support for the talented, !
this has to be the most annoying back seat rider omg , i just wanna kick her out the car .
I haven't seen this picture! What a great shot of you and Cory Booker! He is a true public servant!
I'm crying everytime i listen to #TurnToYou you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart <3” (2)
One week away Chicago! Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva!
Ed Reed makes that catch. C'Mon Adam Jones.
I hate food
Coming away from this session thinking that most ppl in here feel unhidden equals catalogued.
we have california sunshine today and i thought of my 2 fave california boys. xo
you so cray. you live 3 seconds away. if you want some, you need to bring your ass over and get some.
how old are ya? Ninnneettteeeennn tehehehhehee
the train wasn't the only thing that was elevated.
Seriously. 8 more minutes?
IS MY TWEETER WIFEY! <<~MUST FOLLOW~>>
RT : Is the whole point of the Home Depot commercials to make feel lazy? <- That or ... yeah, lazy.
Do employees feel empowered?
I like
Power to the People! BTW all people !
Why did you deleted your fb? Now I deleted mine
Perfect day for bananafish.
Check this out: bringing the tastes of coney islands from Detroit to the city of LA. I like it!
shopping for a new laptop. battle between weight and function.
"Cosmopolis" was about an egotist's struggle to transcend his brilliant mind and be - for one split second - present, and human.
thanks for the shout out!
child you tweet to much
The percentage of people performing/playing classical music over the past 6 years increased from 1.8% to 3% of adults.
thanks for making the NBY office smell so GOOD!
oh iight cool I'll keep in touch man
Awww!! Have fun!
GL, Steve!
Interesing that Math Emporium has 4 instructors for help & scores have gone up. I wonder about retention of skills.
you do it because you love photography! I know that's why I put up with the craziness!!!
tell that wife of yours. She bakes like no other
Seems odd. Don’t acts cancel dates all the time for any number of reasons?
Other than the Kentucky Derby, the Nat'l Farm Machinery Show probably makes for the busiest 3-4 nights in Louisville's strip clubs.
hey sexy what's up
staying in a restroom my whole 5th period cause I hated that teacher
"When going after Moby Dick, take along the tartar sauce!"--- Author Unknown --- Submitted by Donna --- Colorado
Thanks, Ellen!
best quote of the evening
You're cute.....but shut the fuck up! Nobody cares what you say... You're just eye candy
first time listening to music, trying to fall asleep in a long time..
"content informed, need driven, resource realistic, adventurously experimental" ref to types of #oralhistory projects i want to do
#HBCUFolllowTrain RT if y'all already making plans for your fall refund so I can laugh at you then fb
Thanks for #stutzartists love:
let's make #youmadeitweird a trending topic. Last time I peed I bed was 7years ago. I'm 29 years old.
We must somehow take a wider view, look at the whole landscape, really see it, and describe what's going on here
Goodmorning Bre,How are you doing today so far, we going to get you to 500 retweets ok beautiful xoxoxo ;-) BH
Greg I met you over a year ago at a art gallery opening. I hope all is well - we discussed #Australian #embassy parties?
I actually had a hotdog tonight in honor of you!
omg. I think like that all the time, & my hair was wet cos of the rain & it was frizzy. I like your hair too tho' :3
I'm sure a graze is better than nothing for Gregory....he'll take it!
#HowToPissAFemaleOff tell her u tested positive right after u fuck
I don't know why I'm not asleep right now.
A new co-write between Tim O'Brien and Woody. Listen to THE SUN JUMPED UP by Tim O'Brien, Woody Guthrie Song of the Day,
In haste mis-set the iron, burnt the shirt. Monday 1, Me 0.
good luck this weekend! Send me the link ASAP when it's up
Water and buffalo. 3rd ward. Wednesday.
Sometimes..the only thing you can do is #letgo and let God.
I think the world series tweet saga is more entertaining than the actual game.
Get your fish fry on with us tonight plus $10 off wine bottles!
The feeling one gets after they watch #Smash should be an actual syndrome.
Watching JoBeth Williams on The Chew!
I'm gonna miss you 
i love you too
It won't work.
Do any of your schools use technology for the walkthrough or teacher evaluation process? #edchat Do you think it's useful?
Justin Bieber fans wait for Christmas lights appearance - BBC News BBC News Justin Bieber fans wait for Christmas lights appearance BBC N
that time i sprained my ankle and had to sit in the library all the time and some girl stole my crutches lol
This Christies/Bulgari party is bananas
I've gotten too comfortable...
be easy breezy, a guy is just trying to get his game on yo.
"Real friendship is shown in times of trouble; prosperity is full of friends."- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Twitter is boring.
that exact same thing happen to me !!
Protect your brand. In the end, it is all you have.
Out with my bitches
I said it's great..to be..a Florida Gator!!! Sat 4:30 elite eight, again. Thanks Billy D!
I can't wait to work with you and all of the other designers!
possibly, I have no idea what that is. :)
I'm in SoCal with the fam! aww sorry, that would be so fun! You gotta come visit sac sometime tho :)
Olive leaf actually helps
pretty much the same tryna finish this school year up right so i can chill for the summer
*if I was
dude that's so annoying.
RT HERE, HERE - This is a world of pain and hard work. Try to not hurt others. Share the load. We need each other.
:c we deff need a better studio, the guy doing midi doesn't know how to play drums and it blew
damn, sexy little me.
Yum! My favorite..
They're usually pretty good about sending the info to . We'll check with Col. Lopardi. Thanks!
Happy #FollowFriday to ...and thank you for the follow!
I really liked your manifesto. Greg & I have had very similar conversations!! Looking forward to next steps
Next time she ask me to pull up Ima wear dat ass tf out
love the little Coca-Cola bottles shaped like ornaments:)
basically i don't understand why we all spend our lives begging for attention in fandoms and for internet fame
A2: Taking the time (even if you're busy) to brainstorm not only breaks up your day, but it can lead to great strategy innovation
He says it when someone compliments him c:
I've got Allstate Too!!!! Good 👐's Lol
"I Don't Blame You" by Cat Power: less overtly sad when heard somewhere other than a mix made by an ex-girlfriend.
I took my mother 2 her first ever Steeler game against the Eagles when the Steelers ran back a punt, kickoff & int for a td
No one will ever love you as much as I did.
What is love....
Thanks for cutting the phone on me!
I love the 'first of a kind' over 'one of a kind' distinction! not just boutiquey stuff in the digital humanities
Why do liberals slam Santorum on
u should follow me already i tired like 3874782 times to get a follow from u and u NEVER follow me:(
It was worth a shot haha BTW wanna go see LMFAO tonight?
agree with that totally. the unheard talent in companies is the main reason i hate big orgs.
When it comes to business, be loyal to yourself. Don't beleive me, ask Peyton Manning. - Shawn Mcdowell
Might have to uninvite people cause my sister has to work the next day >.<
SAT word of the day: zephyr (n.) a gentle breeze
Appreciating follows from , Cameron , & Francene
Oh come on, John. As a social media guru I would think you'd view it as a savvy move, no?
Hey, at least you have a standing offer if you ever need it ;)
Making progress cleaning this place
come on rey
yes! Like what?!
Mars is VERY close to the asteroid belt, a place full of mineral wealth beyond our comprehension
GO ON BREAK AT WORK,Get BEAUTIFUL MONCHELE CANDIDS. FALCHUK BLESS AMERICA. EVERYTHING IS BEAUTIFUL CANT BREATHE. EVERYDAY WE'RE MONCHELE-IN
We're making Storybird love poems.Next week, they can email them to somebody for Valentine's Day.
'Don't call me sir, call me survivor' lil Wayne
PRT : TONIGHT at (mtg at ), we'll be sampling some of ' secret Ruby sauce!
A2: Like said before, don't limit yourself because their is a years exp. range. Doesn't hurt to try!
The happy ending is moving on.
My boyfriend doesn't even care.
cutting the ribbon in openings of giant buildings and Taco Bells
great! Thanks for the support I really appreciate it
I've seen more boobs in the past hour than I saw in the infield last sat.
Heading to the big easy for #ias12 Countdown us on!
Bummed I'm going to miss the Animal Law Caucus talk at #AALL11 with Professor Serpell.
Beautiful example of unconditional love and acceptance. Thomas & Em Wedding (Part 2): via
There is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info
Chanel jewelry, iPod, cash, raybans, and the lighter is the shit stolen from my house roll call
wonder how my buddy been doing,haven't seen her awesome tweets lately
"Welcome to Pittsburgh: Where you can see a guy pick up a syringe off of the street and throw it in the garbage" (I just saw it happen)
thirst quenching tonight?
I just got dirty looks from everyone in the bar when I started cheering for the Brewers.
Thanks for the RT
"A gift blinds the eyes of the wise, and perverts the words of the righteous."~Dueteronomy 16:19
Joined today. Already having a ton of fun. 1st bk: Lazy PM by Peter Taylor
and i usually side with Madonna than Gaga but i just can't right now.
Thanks for the follow, and !
what's up handsome?
Fuck a dream i make it reality
Get that official some mic batteries! #niu #godaddy.com bowl
I'm excited about my performance tomorrow night in Mayport, FL :D
It's the catching up and bringing everything up to a state of good repair that's going to hurt, though.
We agree. Prez: "Innovation also demands basic research...Don't gut these investments" #SOTU, #research,
We're itching to get away #FF places to go & things to do
Lon, we appreciate the follow!
Don't forget to follow my homie
Should be doing homework. Learning to play Yellow Ledbetter instead.
And we're off.
Bright Lights Bigger City
Weeding observation of the day: Dog books are more popular than cat books.
no doubt. I'll see you tonight my guy.
“: Man jumped from piling into lake. Rebar impales foot. Good reason u can't swim on Lady Bird Lake. Construction debris” OMG OUCH
that will give me a chance to see him. Cool.
i like weird people, weird people who practice good hygiene. just saying.
safe travels to PDX. Cut the lawn on Friday.
The pretzels not the jerky but one reminded me of the other.....
thank TWC for sending the crew to KY today was very informative and helpful. God bless and sleep well. Praying for those lost.
Trading "apples" (farming product?) for components to create tech, thereby bridging economic digital divide.
Yep. But there's some interesting language on amounts and factor four.
Love breakfast... best part of the day to eat.
would be nice to have students comments on each other's work, no?
Getting drunk with my cousin and her man...
ha! I didn't want to spoil the surprise!
thank you for the tip. I have not approached either. I have been trying to get an agent. No luck yet!
when you wake up in the middle of the night write your thoughts and dreams down
why arent we watching this together
Sorry if we're annoying you guys but we have to start trending please PLEASE HELP US
Had the pleasure of interviewing my friend and talented artist Kyle Martin for this week's #Reedsburg Independent - on newsstands tomorrow.
wanting to jump off a cliff xoxo
so now you have to start tweeting:)
90% of businesses use social media yet only 55% have policies on social media
Hey, these are the same people you see smiling in old lynching photos. Screw NC.
I just NAILED that phone interview. She loved me.
#know12 Frank's view when coming on board as CEO was that SN was underinvested. Added mgmt, personnel, DCs, automation, cloud arch: Gen 2
Anytime! :D
Clever advertising billboard campaign by Milwaukee Public Library. "Put your face in a book."
I'm happy he's trying to make things right !
I swear the texbook buyback places on campus are run by that dude from Pawn Stars
How crucial is it for the #Spurs to maintain a lead in tonight game, especially since they are playing on the road?
Looking forward to seeing everyone down in Dallas tomorrow for
Congratulations to The President & The Firtlady on their pregnancy! So excited for them....i hope they let me plan the baby shower!
By "better" I think they mean overt support for the community, administration jobs, etc...
Amazing! Thanks. I'll have to get some fresh air.
that moment when some random kid in class says "what did we do the last day before spring break" and someone else says "piss of the teacher"
Please come SUPPORT THE SCENE and some very talented young artists @ MassiV's Launch Party, check the flya!
It's not about the lust.
I can't live without you.
Do you have a New Years Resolution? If so, share it with us!
New topic - Photos of today
: could code be considered like any other language? it opens doors, but is not necessarily essential?
I think DID starts differently for everyone with it, but more research is done that it happens suddenly.
Praise the LORD. Blessed is the man who fears the LORD, who finds great delight in his commands. Psalm 112:1
Why can't i just get over you already?!! Oh ghaaad! Help me!
:) you're the bomb!
RT : Back up on this failure thing. Encourage mistakes, but dont leave ppl floundering w/o knowing they have a net.
yes ma'am. Surely will, sounds kinda like a frappaccino from Starbucks and that's my isht
I'm ready too lol
Happy Monday! I love when Brother Jones gets really excited when teaching the Bible... Its my favorite! This man just loves the Word of God!
man just shoot me! 16-2 ????
I love it when you get textbooks that people wrote the answers on :D
You know they have no faith in you when Dillard is up in the Pen.
RT : When you guys get all heated about sports, it sounds like an asylum arguing over whose Pez tastes most like Middle-earth.
I'm amazed at how much people are addicted to this! >_>
you're tweeting! When are you doing my makeup
How did your beer experiments turn out?
Less Go !
im coolin boo, bout to get faded and head to the strip club in a few hours, how was ya day
Terrible path for UK considering they got the overall number 1 seed. Bring it!
Dude at the bar tried to start a fight with me for drawing. Said my drawing was boring him... didn't realize i was the entertainment
Finishing up The thousand autumns of Jacob de Zoet / David Mitchell. Best book of 2012 so far.
“If it is to be, it is up to me.” ~Wordsworth
In class chillin man till we start exams 2mmrow
Yes its hot! Three gatorades in already. Stop by on this sunny day and try a Delicious Reindeer Sausage! Spicy and Mild. Get free chips!
Last time I was there I forgot about the handkerchief in my back pocket. That gets you security man's hands down your pants!
im excited 4 At the Grammy's! No one is pointing out his 5 noms & how big it is 4 electronic music. #paving roads
Well damn. Once again, it's defense that's killing us. Mike Brown's specialty as a Coach, right?
sometimes I think i'm way too nice
Re: ZJ - I had a serious rant about all the "How strange that someone like this would come out of the rural Midwest!!" stories
Now I'm in a bad mood. Good job.
The ball is about to start to get rollin! Announcements coming soon that you guys will definitely be in favor of ;)
I know -.- the thing is I got sunrise at the book fair randomly and then I just kept reading from there, I love her books!
Ready to kill it today at lone lack!
So many papers to write 
Thanks for the #shoutout ;)
So glad! RT : fabulous dinner this evening - thank you!! Gabby loved sharing her 17th bday - food was delicious
"(Tool+Training+Experience) x Mindset = Goal/Success. BUT if your mindset is zero then equation is (00 + 00 +00) x 0 = Failure
"Young adult" is the worst movie I have ever seen... #disappointed 
how does a play in game go to a 14 seed?
Me-leo .. my fiancé- aries .. amazing !!RT : #Aries + Leo = CRAZY SEX
About to start day 2 of #TED. On the docket: the crowd and the city. Hopefully we can solve these problems in short order.
that's so awesome
My personal favorite was Wuthering Heights because we just had the book and never read it...
Is it weird that a black friend of mine just told me she could be blacker?? xD
I think im addicted to naked pictures, and sittin talkin bout bitches that we almost had.....
Thanks for the #ff love! :)
are y'all coming to Houston?!?!?
I miss my old daily routine. 😔
Recuperating from Cinco De Mayo/Fight Night celebrations watching Bizzare Foods thinking... What doesn't Andrew like? :)
Whatever you focus on will amplify -
Ugh Job hunting so much fun
Is anyone else annoyed by the constant SocialCam requests on Facebook?
Obama's oil spill...
and modest, don't forget modest!
This is the most boring superbowl ever, Man I wish those refs would have gotten the calls right. Vikings-Colts = intrest and ratings
don't let her get in your head. She cheated and left..not you. Keep your chin up and take care of the girls.
One step closer! Just broke through a major personal barrier!!! Woohoo!
On the roof with prepping for our Vertical Fashion Show down the side of the building...will you be watching on Wednesday?!
My mom ignored my phone call.
Become who you are. - Friedrich Nietzsche
We’re almost positive that all of the presidents liked their milk.
RT #quote #Christian #Moms "There never was a child so lovely but his mother was glad to get him asleep."
Thank you for sharing your story and Happy Birthday to Serenity!
I don't get Coldplay. Many people do but I don't. I feel all their songs are lacking a good catchy hook.
You just made my day even better, Thank You! :)
I haven't decided yet
Exciting things are happening at Social Savvy Geek!! We are starting 2012 off in our new office space in #RVA!!
Anybody in the Bywater/ Marigny got a truck? Need some cinder blocks.
False alarn famo...my laptop won't load the joint up. Ill do it first thing in the am.
yo holla at ya boy fam www.thorobreadentertainment.com new music daily
At nine, you check line up, and i'll get tickets ;)
what are you guys doing after? Meeting Ry at Mesh. Want to come?
happy birthday to the best point guard in the nba
50 minutes into Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and I still haven't the faintest idea what's going on.
anyone know how to get Google Chrome to throw a streaming music link to an outside app (WMP)?
Marv Tarplin, Motown guitarist & songwriter, has died at 70 in Las Vegas. Marv wrote & co-wrote many songs, including 'Tracks Of My Tears'.
Any cios at #nascio2012 willing to be interviewed for a stateline article about public safety interoperability? Email
lol well u putting.yourself in that category as well cuz last time I checked u were as well smh lol
Austin please please please please please tweet me u follow me but never tweet me
Terrific Tuesday to all Tweeters! Simply start your day with a smile! My break is over, time to get back to the tasks at hand! :)
Happy birthday !!!!!!! How old are you now 2012? #hasbeen is a lot younger #moreloved... aren't you guys brothers?
Have fun. Aidan and I are going to the playground.
with revamped O line & those WR's to acct for could open things up for CJ & makes Hasselback a fantasy option too
20 degrees colder today than yesterday for bicycle commute. No wonder I have a closet full of different cycling togs.
THE ENDERS recording session at Sonic Iguana over the weekend KICKED ASS! We can't wait to hear the finished EP! ROCK!
it's so weird adjusting without a car -.-
Where you'll find us on 2/22: YNPN Meet & Greet at URBN in North Park! Looking forward to it!
Researchers help assess economic impact of nanotech on green & sustainable growth In the United States alone, government and private indu
damn boy. I like you. Lol.
Thanks for following!!
why u bored ?
ebay. i've sold a van and a boat on there with good success
Wow... Really?!? Todays gonna be a bad day. I can already tell.
Wanted: Your favorite #weddingcake photos!
Sometimes hitting the town at night with the windows down singing Bieber to your dog is just what you need
#Str8LykeDes.. Bout to smoke until I come down... Life is bitch but through it all I gone be cool, not gone step out character to entertain.
Going prom dress shopping next weekend. Anyone know a good place to look for a dress
RT : Haitian parents over exaggerate everything #HaitianKidProblems <~~
Chinese food: procured. Evaluation: decent. Got generally healthy stuff so (a) I won't feel so guilty and (b) I won't want to eat lots of it
The satisfaction of knowing you still think about me
Glad to hear it! Hopefully you were hanging out w !
Enjoying my #GRAND ice cream:D Yumm
Big Thank You To All The Girls and Who Have Worked So Hard On Our Gala! THANK YOU! You Rock!
That moment when you just wake up with an attitude and don't even know why
Cool analysis as to why the guy w/our new fave middle name, Friday, will be a great player. footbasket.com/?p=5540
Your welcome looking forward to trying some of your beer!
Submit to:
We're going to have a Google Hangout with the Press Secretary.
Favorite thing to see - guy and his girl in public and he's clearly in the doghouse haha.
I'm talking about in Huntington haha :)
DC Metro area? Suggest visiting Lennar Martins Chase or Camberley Boulevard or Poplar Run to check out interactive touchscreen mktg tools!
Sister's graduation. LA girl on East Coast time. Must love my girl!
Kauai has tons of great musicians! Not sure of any off hand, but sounds amazing! Should be a great event!
TOMORROW IS THE DAY, MY PRETTIES!! 6pm-9pm: Gallery Opening @ the shop! 7pm-12am: Movember Moustache Party @ Sugar Maple! SEE YOU OUT! <3
Hey bro
Great! We would love your feedback after the show. See you this weekend!
well i sat down and tried to tell my wife about my son from a previous relationship way b4 us Phx Skateboards
Come on Mom! Stop trolling the internet. I can't walk myself!
Watching love dont cost a thing .
now it's really Saint Patricks Day!
#ImThatPersonWho....falls asleep after smoking lol i be really high!
2 and a half hours left!
hey do we have a quiz in science tomorrow?
Well, taking the bus to work and or biking has saved me over a hundred dollars in gas and tolls this week.
Visit us at www.joborworker.com for more job opportunities! Good luck in your job search!
best tweet of the day
school .. lol text me. :)
So Rupert Murdoch is still suffering some longterm pain from his tabloids. Does he need more strategic surgery at News International?
Yaya it's Friday!
I've always understood it to be just something they do to pass time and get on the field before game time
well dangit.. people keep telling me that. I'm craving music with good lyrics and some say that's country. Am I wrong?
Have fun at your campfire.
Mike brown last nite coaching
kool an i live on da cumberland plateau its rite by d big soouth fork alotta mountains lol but i love it here
Did u look it up yet? U can find it in matthew.
Inching closer to the finish line. Just broke page 80 of targeted 88-90 on the script.
Happy valentines day!!!! :*
I'm done
At the end of the night, no matter what, the only person that really has you, is you.
That's the cough of a man who's too young to die, but too impatient to chew his food.
also if you notice 1992 is lower than 1994 so it could be normal fluctuation compounded a bit by rise of the web 2/2
Just asked my 5 year old what movie she wanted to watch, and she thought for a second, and said "NCIS" ... I love my kid!
We all need to hang out sometime this summer! Take more pictures! haha :)
Finally - District Day is tomorrow! Read more: bit.ly/9O1gDK
That is fabulous! Thanks!
Does the "Monchhichi" song ever get stuck in your brain? And do you have a better method for stopping it than repeated blows to the head?
I am always the silent partner
lol u know it would suxkk
So many of you are on the site it's creeping kind of slowly. We're working on an alternative. Hold tight please.
Shut up *blushes* RT : AAHH lovin 5aloof's new haircut B)♥ *pokes =))*
If a person is interested in dropping in to visit you folks, what would be a good time?
Thx brother DJ! yea. There is a way to go either direction. The Twitter app for Facebook will take twitter 2 fb.
Let it Snow!!! Realizing now you need mittens, hats, jackets and snowboots for the kiddos? Sydney b. has you covered!
Glad you're here!
Ohh ok! Everytime I think I miss CS I look on twitter and all I see is drama ha
#FF today goes to and
Just getting around to watching Inside Job. Realizing how many people deserve to be punched in the face.
Could the film inspire talk of hunger and police brutality here in Panem/US? How can #socialjustice folks use #HungerGames?
Come and get it.
Its Lunch Time... come visit me till 2pm before its to hot!!
And I'm... just now leaving work so... You win. Again.
You have 18.9K tweets?!?! Damn girl 
If results stick in Waukesha, it teaches #wisconsin #progressives that we need to generate higher numbers in future elections.
Everyone is just winging it.
That last tweet would have been so much cooler without the typo...
happy birthday to !!!!
I've been looking forward to a March12 win!
Omg. Im being really mean today. :( hahaha. Im sorry everyone.
Now following because for some reason most of my fav magazines are made for men :)
Come see us at the FGCU study abroad fair today in the student plaza/breezeway!
Carlos, in this case, never would have been better than late. Totally missed the point..on purpose I'm sure
I hate being spamed on
haha, got it the first time around. Love that movie!
I'm loving this storm, minus the whole my basement almost getting flooded in 7 minutes.
Hysterical insight from ; touching words from and a true fan girl moment chatting in line with <3
RT : Today's Fountain of Youth: SPF 30+. Esp around eyes &amp; on back of hands. Trust.
My eyes leaked as that banner rolled out.
Day 2 post Broad St: my quads can actually make it down a flight of stairs today!
champagne . word games . truffle fries . guacamole . six feet under . melting . private piano concert . homemade equality dinners . beard.
thanks for showing me that i learned something in english that helps in life... "succumb" is the best SAT word
Just got done hooping at la fitness
Saturday! Time to play! Unless you're in the hospitality industry, of course. Tip your servers well, ladies & gentlemen.
I'll do #FF's again this week, in the morning though.
I went to last 2 years, so effing good, I'm jealous- the lineup this year is great
We've been making some changes to the COTELCO website...take a look...cotelco.net
I love when the songs just flow.
#Elvis Costello, peace love and understanding...
for some reason, you look like Rihanna in your avi cousin... :)
I'm saying haha
Lol all these niggas talk about loyalty but they cheating on they girl nigga you not loyal
IM AT THE CRIB, DAVE AND JERMS WAS SPOSED TO COME THROUGH RT : where y'all at!?
I never said I understood what its like to be black. But that doesnt mean I have to believe you.
thanks for the follow :))
Of course! Welcome to Crew Soccer Nation!
Wasn't me Ro. MagicHands would never do such a horrible act.
thank you jeez just missed it and I've been trying to get explanation
Good mood
Thanks for the #FF everyone!!! How's your day going? It's a beautiful 50 degrees here in #ROC!! Happy Friday!
If irony could kill....it would revenge-murder all of the hipsters for misuse
SoCal will never be the same
NYT 36 hours in Lauderdale omits Plymouth on ice on the Busted Flush.
Recall everybody
thank you!!
Blasphemy. RT : Uh... RT I ask for Yeungling, and the waitress tells me "We only sell domestic beer."
you can have what ever you want in life but you have to take a shot at it
Happy friday
hi justin
Hahaha with all the screaming and noise making I do, I'm not surprised when I started sing I ended up with a sore throat day 1. -.-
THE LINEUP FOR RTBIS SO AWESOME ! Fuck what ya'll think.
um no thank u. U breached the first one
anytime... Never stop dreaming and more importantly.. never stop living
“: AU DWC students are in D.C. at the Dalai Lama Speech. 3 have press passes. audiscover.org”
They'll often be willing and excited to talk about it for free. And I think energy is important. It has to seem fun/exciting.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRAD ! :D
Good morning to you! RT : good morning friends! We're touring some NorCal stores today - thrilled to see...
I can see the Spark from here! and the lucky ones at
will do babe ;-)
I know they are soo mad LOL
Bachmann is purely anti-Obama
“: #MentionTo your first follower.”
We LOVE Grand #Spa, they just added 15% off all #retail to there already 25% off services!! July here we come!
I don't wanna go to school ):
