Discussed simplifying the develop process in Madison, WI with Steve Cover, Planning & Dev Director for the city. Smart leader!
There's always the option of not ever following me. I don't have on my profile "please follow." I don't beg or bite. :)
Freshly squeezed orange juice.... right here at ABX inside Excalibur!
Are you Going Red for women today?
strangely, Walljasper made no tweets tonight of how well u all played.
Yes why
oh, please don't do that to me, I want a Jack Russell so bad! cute.
Lolol throwin shoulders... What if that shit worked though
No but ya pretty much asked all of twitter if they would go to the zoo with ya?
Baby I miss you. . ." "Your xbox broke didn't it?" "Yep."
So...why do I get a story about Rumer Willis? No link about this? Drives me nuts
Walks in the snow have helped. It gives me a little exercise, clears my head, and then hot chocolate at my desk.
Best possible marketing post on Facebook is a photo with a caption 14 words or less
do u have a mother? or were u hatched?
Come check out some photos I shot of and band
hey Wes! How's the Mrs? Y'all get that dress fixed from the hunger games premiere? Hope my little Bobby Pin "hem job" worked!
It's a cold on in #NC. Feels like winter.
glad tomorrws Friday :-)
Been in this lab since 3
and I just heard you on the radio and I was proud! Yay! good job guys!
If you don't smoke weed, you should make it a new years resolution
As an amateur player, what's the smallest net worth you would have to have to buy in to the $1m WSOP event next summer? #$50m? #$100m?
I just sent you an email about Scott Haas and Chef Maws. Would love to connect if you have some time.
TB RT : reading about your incredible high school career breaking Walker's record - were you a fullback or tailback
Well, all right then. I want my dear ones to have something to remember me by, after all. xo
I can't just make decisions for myself anymore
I don't think it's possible to not sing Climax in that high pitch tone lmfao.
If not knowing that she's beautiful is what makes her beautiful, then she's not beautiful anymore, right? By now she has heard the song.
me too!
Ha, I know right? But they seemed so normal/happy together!
My goal: have my 420th tweet on 4/20
About to tee off with at North Hills CC. A preview round for the #lombardiclassic June 8 and 9.
OK, The Magician's Elephant. Loved it but I'm not sure what to do with it. Do you know any kids who loved it?
*sigh*..at least they are consistent...
Fun theater arts class today: kids had to brainstorm and perform a short scene only using sound effects. Next: a new old-time-radio story.
Too much on my mind Tonight..
Ungggggg, jelly. I mean, honestly, I'm JUST as good a dancer, and you just have to go being the famous one, right? #smh ;P
I wish I could say I love the people of my city but they're just too immature
tonight im gonna do something i haven't done in a long time
Long mess of a day and now I have to organize this hot mess of a file...
hahahaaa SOLD! Ya.. the commercial got me too.. not the $100 in annual savings. Just the good ole fun that can be had!
Mann my daddy skep as fuck boa
In the next 12 to 18 months, most of our audience will be preparing content on mobile device - Jory from BlogHer
The Lord's unfailing love and mercy never cease, fresh as the morning and sure as the sunrise.
back in englandd,my goshh the weathers so much different, didnt want to leave greecee, i miss my donkey friendss<3
Waiting for 's new album to come out. I'm going to buy the Deluxe Edition. Come onn june hurry the fuck up already!!
Yeah that's hot, I like that mama!
Met this lady from Hawaii ;)
:) I love you yah fat head
The akward moment when ur buying wine & the cashier looks at ur Id and says first I was 22 that year and also my mom died on ur bday....
I almost went for a swim in my car lol
Blow Out T-Shirt SALE
& 76ers, but I guess none of those are named after 'a number' per se, they just have a number...what are we talking about?
Today marks 64 years since the #Nakba - the catastrophe that displaced hundreds of thousands of Palestinians, including my own grandparents.
The Krusty Krab pizza, is the pizza, for you and me.
In Bellevue, we used to mock you losers in Woodinville. Heathens
al i want fir christmas is for U to FOLLOW me(:
nothing omw home
Getting ready for #Bengals game tonight. Cleaning the house, making some 7 layer drip. Not making wings - every time I do, the Bengals lose!
It seems as Cal doesn't like taking gambles anymore, like he did with Kanter. Off the court issues are not fun to deal with.
lolz girl i love how i can't read ur profile haha miss ya hope u come back sometime
I thought it was just me haha
OMG I LOVE YOU GUYS SM~ GREAT PERFORMANCE
Hi Scout :)
I hope U ready supastar!!! I got the turntables in the oven warming up right now. CRUNK & DRUNK ON DECK!! OH YEAH
So, the AWP writer's conference is sold out. I'm pissed.
I have the feeling my immediate nabe will get critical mass only when the streetcar and Walter Reed happen.
TEACHERS TED-ED is looking for your best 5-6 minute lessons and they will pair you with awesome animators to illustrate + share
sexy is a whole different beast
He didnt ! D:
UVa's had multiple starters injured. If they lose a few games down the stretch does the tournament committee consider this?
I don't feel bad for the harsh bounty hunting penalties that came down on today!
Just finished setting up the iMAC in the studio!
Somone that makes you feel like your the only one that matters>>
Gonna have some great refferal programs for realtors. Keep an eye out
Happy Birthday Duke Ellington! The big band leader was born on April 29, 1899 in Lincolnton, North Carolina.
:( I will have check it out tomorrow. Should not have been a problem!
Family guy right now>>>>> ^__^
Barely got any sleep last night O_O
Thanks to for the great customer service! Caleb was a great help today on the phone and resolved my issue! Glad to be back!
good night. Love you more
your welcome.
This is true. Sadly that photo was taken on the corner of 4th & Colorado, nowhere *near* a Whataburger. Lol.
Haha! We see you too! GOKINGSGO!
I'm not smiling because I'm happy.
#18conf understands the value of the best being on the frontline.
RT Such a happy girl right now!!!
Off to a beautiful conference on 21st Century learning and needs within the city of Fort Wayne - sure to be insightful and loaded with ideas
hey ms coko!
These burning hoes need to sit they ass down somewhere 😡
I don't regret you <3.
We believe live calls provide users a better service - only 7% of incidents logged by email are resolved in first contact.
BofA to layoff 10,000. That's like 5x my high school...
lol it must be the 4g
#Leggooo RT : Time to party rock with some bosses
ok. Chill. He cute. But I don't drool for no man! At least not in the last 6 to 7 years. Chill with that noise! Lol
done and done! nice to meet you!
"I am a lighthouse and although I am empty I still warn the sailors on their way"
Looking for ABQ businesses to serve as collection points for our play dough and bubbles drive! Send us a DM if you can help. Pls RT
Being single is fun but some times u fell loney I sure love me a cowboy
Just finished rehearsal with psyche orchestra. New songs are dope as hell! Can't wait to play them next show!!
All good Brad. How are you? Glad to reconnect!!
It's already shaping up to be quite a week at Sandbox...
needs to be lnow
Hope every one had a good night:)
Probably get a Hyabusa or something
I want to take all the really skinny girls in LA and make them live in New Orleans for a year.
Everyone in London and England are SO LUCKY to meet and i wish Bella and Zendaya would come back to New York City <3
Thanks! Hope you're doing well.
Dick is in the house - your all invited FREE tonight - to a dress rehearsal of his Mon Night residency - See you here at 8:30.
You will never stumble while on your knees praying.
Bought mulch from Detroit Farm and Garden on Vernor in SW Detroit this afternoon and what a great place!
Hey :) What you still doin up mister!
I did not intend to watch the live streaming of #MAMA but hey, since I'm procrastinating, why not?
Now Following i
You're such a drama queen, bro.
Might be running into a brief traffic surge. How long have things been 'slow going'?
Happy first day of spring.
I just don't comprehend!
Have a Smoked Salmon and bagel Breakfast @ Firehook Bakery!
Hey Saifoo! Not sure yet - looking into it. We'll be sure to let you know ASAP
Hahahah just admit it. I'm the boss :)
Its here its here well alost #NEVERSAYNEVER3D AAH IM proud of justin
tell me your address and I'll get you a shipping price!
football updates? What time is the game?
Just got in the Guiness Book of World Records!
My son likes the Niners, so I took NY. San Francisco ties it up.
Whatever don't burry me will only make me stronger,everyone is prey,blame it on my hunger
say it aint so! Save 30 Rock, Community & Parks and Recreation. Don't believe that NBC has shows of = quality to replace them
I thought someone was going to lose her job tonight?
are you taking lessons from Graham?
we agree!
And it's the battle of miserable goaltending
RT : RT Learnt a lot at #filmmaking webinar today Creating compelling scenes for corporate marketing
Sounds fantastic!
Sometimes you just have to pretend like you belong somewhere in order to convince yourself. And others.
Thanks. I'm going to have to look up Psylocke, Oracle, & Lady Deathstrike. never heard of those three.
good to hear! I'm gonna try to see it this weekend. Not sure when quite yet.
You don't measure activity, you measure results. I need to remember that when I work out...
#Relationships Are Overrated , I Just Want To Have Fun . is tht to much to ask For
Slam Poetry at 2012 #OBA makes me miss Spokane.
Ubaldo trade hater let me inform you of the statline for one Alex White today.. 4 1/3 innings 5 hits, 6 runs, 6 earned runs 3 walks.
#MOD - news on bloodshed in Egypt, lots of bloodshed, wow. Can't really believe it's real.
love the cookbook you are George did together. Just cooked the ham hock minestrone with pesto and bread rolls
thanks! It was a perfect day!
23. That's how many lifetimes it will take to pay the mortgage!
Life Lesson: Ignored signs = temporarily delayed reality
Welcome, Pat. I have returned the follow...
Hey Bisexual Political Movement! The 80's called, they want their agenda back.
thx for sharing! x
Harry, as always...Thank you! Have a great weekend also my friend.
It's true. I am in love with a book. The Fault in Our Stars by John Green. I am reading it...again.
She Got Rtarded Brain! She Makes Me Feel special!
Although this isn't , we are happy you enjoy it!
I'm pretty sure the Scientology billboard in downtown Seattle has Tom Cruise on it looking in the distance.
look at this guy..one cherry vodka too many...lol
Everyone follow if you were a 90's kid! Haha, brings back memories (;
ever since th '03 Michigan game I've liked wearing the bright yellow tshirts the most.
Paul Simon with Brendon
Add your social network pages to the promotion site on my page if you need hits. :) Works for all.
Big winners in Madison were Anatevkins with 64 points. A winning team made up of essentially 1.333 people.
Where ya at Chica??!! Miss you!
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments. Follow me. BaltTservice Improving taxi quality. www.mytservice.com
I don't doubt the dedication at my daughter's elementary when I saw 15 cars in school parking lot on SUNDAY! THANK YOU!!!!
I'm really liking Francoeur's style. That's how you become a fan favorite!
- is an awesome way to discover #NYC - enjoy your time here!
Yeayay! D. BROWN!
Swear I Hate Wen Couple That Put In Years Break Up..Mfs Know Eachother Like The Backs Of Yall Hands..Yall Cn Work Dt Shit Out!!
#upallnight #upallnight we all wanna stay #upallnight :) it's been on replay at my house since it was available in the USA!
no i closed the door that the lizard was in
"but there's no hard evidence"
we believe. Bring it on home boys, you have earned it and so deserve it
Even if your interview is on the radio, visuals are a good idea. They instantly give the radio reporter something to see and talk about.
: Thanks Tommy! For the drizzling the flick in aural awesomesauce.
Puns are MY territory. You stay away.
HA! I saw the Brunei thing then thought. "Dat be him!"
Really? I would've thought that ANY network would want bikini babe ghost hunters. Screams wild success to me! lol
I caught your #grace with a corner of my eye. Or was it your grace that stole a moment of my attention?
Cant' believe the celt's shakeup... this is crazy, hopefully when the dust settles we will somehow be in better shape
Hello Sweetheart! I am doing well. I hope you are as well. Hope this weekend is a great one! Love you much Sis!
you're familar with thermodynamics? "Once the bread is toasted, it can't be untoasted".
Pujols is one
I haven't hooped in so long... smh.
The awesome folks at set us up with a French press setup. It's fresh and tastes amazing!
I got Error ID: 1314042152659 when accessing the file manager. Can someone email me
If there is a night time tornado and by some miracle it wakes me up WHO ON TWITTER HAS A BASEMENT I CAN HANG OUT IN
Lol at the guys yelling "nice ass" to me while I was playing tennis. You pissed Nick off. Thanks.
There's always a cooling off period. Nothing lasts forever, it evolves to either good or bad & how much you're willing to settle for/with...
Brats and Burgers kicked up with the Habanero version of Uncle Jim's...along with some roasted peppers
RT Japan Def. Min. Tanaka: #DPRK rocket appears to have exploded one minute after launch.
have a girlfriend ? yaahh bro !
Pearl Harbor! Oh, how Ive missed you!
Good week of practice = great weekend of baseball
sounds like our kind of dinner!
I love the way Omer Asik is playing right now.
i dont know when ill be in nyc again. travis and i dont talk anymore and i have no $$$
Be sure to stay grounded :)
Also happy to have received a copy of the recently published (in Hebree) Samaritan cookbook. Now I can make the famous Samaritan macaroni!
“Walk on with hope in your heart, and you'll never walk alone” ― Shah Rukh Khan
#FF Get to know some of our followers
Interested in being in a flash mob for an event? Dm
Scott's air vents smell like some dank blow ....
Tijuana raised, San Diego born, cross border latina
it's not working. It won't let me see it
A group of 50 bicycle riders ...3 abreast...30 cars behind them going 20...share the road??
And when they say Jesus is our "SAVIOR" who they think he saving us from? not the devil.. He is saving us from GOD's wrath
Hi Lynn - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Your podcasts are very cool!
Yup. I thought that new cop was going to be a good guy but I guess not
Thanks Gabe! Today is longest day of the year, but I'm glad it is - more time to celebrate! How's life in LA? Going to VA this summer?
45 more lbs to go! Getting closer to my goal of losing 60lbs. Amino acids and veggies are the keys!
What if we don't have your number? ;)
Aw I'm sorry Mallory:/
how's Mr. Delofagggot's class? ^-^
are playing early show tonight (6:00)at Red 7, before the Austin Pets Alive! Benefit, will feature art from 200 tattoo artists
same.. i feel like fangirling :D
Dont judge me! I was abused for 9 months!! And I was hungry!
with the exception of Garcia, they haven't performed
considering it
#PlansForTheSummer rent/sell the crib & MOVE far away ... no kids so I'm going for it ...
I will keep my comments ;-) rt ": Are you watching???? I can't wait to see her "
(Showing my age.) Remember the old teen horror books from the 80s & 90s? So much fun to read. Cusick, Stine, Pike... good stuff.
chillin at the lock in at my school no school for us seniors we are sleeping in when i get home early morniing from morning
Wow dis is a nice hotel better than da hilton inn lol
Gotta a lot on my mind.
I miss you too <3
ROCK ON MY BROTHA U STILL THE MAN
how you feeling bro !
sweet! bring some coffee! i really need it too :D
You really want me to DJ your wedding? Ok then, where do you want me to set up the pole?
Happy halloween
The Psycho score is amazing! I'm a huge Hitchcock fan too. I wish they'd do something like that here.
really red lol
was up lil bro was the move
Jessica was here ✌
Can't wait to start classes. Well actually I can, just can't wait to leave.
Manic Panic purple haze. Try it!!!
I feel like I need to.download Kik again.
RT MarshieMcKenzie So your mad because I rather get money than have sex o_O I have my priorities in order my dude
not if we have anything to say about it
Congratulations to the #Mavericks - 2011 NBA Champions!!! #Dirk #JasonKid U both deserve it!
let her know to be expecting to hear from me
What is this kurfuffl thing you keep speaking of?!?
trust me, I am not hip...
haha I know. Wait your a virgin right?
i smith words for money
Hunting for cougars? :-)
i saw you play in the basement of 1015 folsom in SF ~2006ish. Love your latest album and you're crushing it at 9:30 tonite
and lex and yacc for bonus points!
It's raining outside, it's like the whole world is one BIG budgie bath; it moves me, dag nabbit.
He did.
Did you know... That tea is grown in over 100 countries?
: ": They lying aint no way he got shot 4 times and walked off" I almost got away with it -- lol yea
if you don't make the show, we'll miss our #1 fan. Good luck with the filming!
Ditto RT : hope everyone enjoys their last day of sessions & events @ the KC #nafsa10 conf. It's been great meeting everyone!
Sen. Hopper looks like he is going insane
Ok this ref just sent Adu off for a "dive" that wasn't. Wow, #MLS refs.
disorganized, tired and stressedd
alright LYNN THE REALTOR what's the T
seriously started to prepare for my speech at #DePaul LAS honors convocation in 2 weeks. My 1st formal speech~~~
stanley cup - #kings - #devils kings take it in 7.
You get my text bro?
RT : Laura Haber from on mic now! "Born & bred in Bay Area, a non profit, goal is to reduce miles driven thru...
Right before you tap that putt or serve that tennis ball, take a deep breath and imagine yourself doing it perfectly
I need to keep up with the slang terms, a quick read made me think of a bossy teacher.
dude was a fucking poon anyways Good riddance!
It feels like Spring b/c 1)I walked my dog wearing shorts 2) is on TV 3)The windows are open 4)March is tomorrow 5) I see the sun
Need to find something to do besides laundry before its football and beers time.
I cook my dog meals, so what
I reserved 10 too :)
so not right.
Plowing through multiple #writing assignments today before BILLY BUDD at the Met tonight. And then there's the laundry. Why???
you can do it
I would retweet that but you spelled something wrong.
some gr8 tech talk from #Intel -
The part where they'd just taken out a whole bunch of enemies & it was just the 2 of them for a second...
Lol at you
Happy 21st lovely!!!
at the cross?
WHAT. Damn that must suck! I'd like shoot myself lol
SO MUCH STUDYING
You sir, can suck it. Jerk.
An idea we should all embrace: RT : "We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone." — Ronald Reagan
in reachin my romantic goals, I'm lettin go of the past.I could finally feel complete -- but it's only the beginning."
The fact I might not go to school tomorrow >>>>
can't wait till th
lets hope you dont have a heatwave and a drought then
Haha be careful over there (:
Keep your mind active.
i really wish i could have gone with you.
I wanna know what its like to have your hand in mine, what its like to have your arms around me, & what its like to have your lips on mine<3
- Well, that's not true. I do like a large portion of Brotherhood. Ok, I'll have to give Republic another listen.
Nicely said.
And I can't even trip, cause I'm just laughing at ya, you trying hard to maintain, then go ahead, Cause I ain't mad at ya.
We found that for LGBT Latinos/as the more family support one has the more likely one is to be out.
I always wonder if you smile when you see MY name pop up on your phone
#dayWithWikipedia says Rush is the equal to the Obama speech--->
That one isn't on my travel schedule. We should be friends on FourSquare in case we end up in the same place and don't know it!
Proud 2 report a 40% conversion rate from recent event emailcampaign. Buttons, bullets, segmentation & good content =
Olivia, stfu. You. Are. Beautiful. <3
I bought a bike last night..so I'll be picking it up downtown and riding it home. Then you will have to call me a hipster too
TMZ reporting that Junior Seau has died as the result of a shooting.
I also have screen shots of the #pfz streem that I'm going to sort through tomorrow, gonna put the highlights in a separate post...
Danze & Davis Architects receives DR Horton's Distinguished Service Award. See why we're the # one architectural firm for homebuilders!
RT Mardi Gras party pops off (under nice warm tents) today 11-4 w beer food tunes. c y'all there
I love you to and I hope your day is awesome
u not wearing the right ones. Im currently in love with them
Spring Special -> Wednesday's 18 holes with cart $18. Open Wednesday nights with Prime Rib Special. Call 608.776.3377 for more details.
ok me :*walking to the crunt with heath for are tag team* i cant wate to kick some butt heath
I realize the Seattle cyclist culture is unique and hardy, but I question the judgement of those that commute on hard rain days. Dangerous.
Now I'm going to have to listen to the Beastie Boys for the rest of the day. RIP, MCA.
I thought I heard the same thing. Did you see them?
Testing a tweet.
If your name isn't Niall Horan, Harry Styles, Liam Payne, Zayn Malik, or Louis Tomlinson, sorry but it's not gonna work between us.
when is this happening?
its torture thats what it is!
Time for me to make a mistake, take a chance, dream big, and keep moving forward.
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don't have enough on my plate.
.....like I've always known, ur love lies with me....chorus.
On the whole, I'd rather be in South Bend.
Happy Saturday to you!
"Please ponder & be proactive in choosing how YOU use your time." Wise counsel for anyone.
I still think its YOUR MUM!
Hey-thanks! We appreciate it!
Tennessee in the US
lol ok. I'll try it when I get a chance :)
I know you are 😊 That tweet was for everyone else...
Priceline&#39;s CEO to Outline Mobile Strategy
What should I eat???
listening to these Dilla beats..
SO CLOSE!
I mean why would her ASSt open the door wide open as the DR is examine my vagina? Why who does that?
Dustin Brown, you make me so happy :)
blessed to wake now he gave the strength lets go !!!!
ahh, forgot about the cooked fruit thing. :) looks delish!
CAN WE PLEASE! Its so freaking hot now! I need that! (:
My nigg I'm still crackin up
Once you learn to stop giving a fuck about other people your life gets a lot easier
Aww, we need a #gammaGUYS tag for stuff like this!
what?! What channel shows the OC?! Hahaha
Downloaded and started using Amazing experience, meticulously designed. I am quite impressed.
thanks, Jordan ;)
I have now :)
I'm the same height as Christian Beadles...
can i please get more followers im asking nicely!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:) and thats not like me
Strategy makes all the difference for online marketing. Get a perspective of the internet marketing channels, what fits for your business?
You are so sweet! Thank you : )
she is your mommy your ant-tea your prayer vigilante
I don't regret the past, I just regret the time I've wasted on the wrong people.
I hate girls like that so mucccchhhh. Don't blame every guy for being an asshole just because you have shitty taste.
Why oh why must people break glass all over downtown?
Aaron Cook exits and the O's are into the Red Sox bullpen early. Nasty injury for Cook. Didn't look hurt but looked nasty.
Intersection of lives in the classroom and outside the classroom is today's topic with
I can't help you there, I dont have a lot of followers. I figured....if I built it, they would follow...but I may have over thought that...
just... Those HEELS! On a Wednesday afternoon! I'm all for fashion over function, but DAMN!
What's happenin?
I just want to hate you so bad
2:01:30! That's amazing. You are so a seriou renaissance man
That Awkward Moment When You Say "Hoe" Instead Of How
I don't think Bibby should be playing at all anymore. LeBron could play point guard when Chalmers is out.
Happy Friday Tweetpeeps.make it Fabulous!!
#perfectguyforme , well i already have the perfect guy for me , his name is Brandon Allen Vannoy <3
Hey Ben thanks for following me!! =)
Laker fans at the staple center please keep the energy up in the building
Holy.shit. I wouldn't be surprised if someone went insane from reading about someone who is going insane....
#NeverTrustAGuyWho dosent wanna be seen with you in public because then hes just a dirty dog
always good times, renz. so proud of you and your continued brilliance. i HEART the new site! it's HOT
Happy Thanksgiving!
Change & growth take place when a person has risked himself & dares to become involved in experimenting with his own life. -Otto
Awarded ACDC guest artist at HCC! So excited!
coming soon.
I told d-boy I would be happy to code a web app to count ur votes (for free), never heard back...
Biggest MSU football game ever...!
Hopefully my triangle tunnels come in today
If I get a job in Boston, I will be moving to Boston this summer. If not, no.
Steve: Harry should've ended up with Hermoine & Ron with the red-head. Me: That's his sister!
can I get a fet well post ?
I think my 7th graders would really like Glogster
My bracket looked shot but I win if the wildcats win.
Early morning tweeters
Very belated but sincere thanks for the SO last week. Enjoy your weekend.
listening to , who is a #geoglobaldominatrix, can i say that?
doing our project
It's one thing to rain during the workweek, but on the weekends too? Unacceptable!! ;)
sure just did :)
It's 8:20. It's still light out.
that's good! One of my friends is a pilot and always talks about how exciting AF flying is (I went to Ring Dance once also)
unfamiliar territory
Buzzin day today :).
....I might regret saying that. Lol it was like giving you permission! Oh my...
Really?? Wait! I know that place. Right by Silver Strand. Been there once. :)
she looks a mess tbh
Yes! 2xs. And the horror story he wrote this year (5th grade) was given an A+, but he was not allowed to read it to the class.
“: Ditto that! Fishing with the boys, hiking with the rest of the fam and Guinness! Perfection!” Sounds perfect.
what did they do? In my small town, Walmart was all we had so I love it in a nostalgic way ha.
you would probably make more money if your link worked
Everybody in the universe knows Bean is taking this 3.
Wow! Well done videos ... very eye-opening
Just watched STAR WARS in 3D. Love you, Darth Maul.
I wouldn't mind leaving. But that would be illegal. But it's still on my mind.
MT TONIGHT | WisEye is covering Common Cause in WI w/Sen. Larson, Rep. Richards, former SC Justice Geske and Rep. Honadel
Picked up a #oilfieldservices business valuation. Something tells me there will be quite a few of them this year!
we'll see about that tonight
Back in the city of angels... time to turn up some hell.. ;)
and where would you find people to wheel it to your house? the fire department is already hauling a giant fire engine
Kill 'em with the ass clap girl LOL just kiddin ": Out doing my thang :)"
So stoked to play tonight with when lambs became lions again. Gonna be a great show. Everyone come out and support
Thanks to the The Costanzas for having us out to the Opolis last night! We had a great time and it was a good show!
There's an iPhone 4 in the house and it's not mine. Signs of life to come.
I will lose terribly RT : yes it is. You really want to get into a cursing debate?
#Anthocyanins slow aging &free-radical fighting agents! Cherries,Blueberries, Pomegranates, Cranberries, Sweet potatoes, Elderberries,Grapes
Nothing beats the sound of waves hitting the shore at night.
RT : IM TEACHING TODAY!!! FIRST CLASS of the NEW YEAR 9pm! Got a new one FAH you! :) Come thru if you can.
because they're jealous of your perfectness?
learning too much CSS. like the back-end stuff better. full-stack programming i suppose.
Happy Spring Break to all SLIS Students! We'll be taking a break on Twitter & Facebook next week, too! See you in April :)
I think our shoes are gonna be untied the whole night!
can you please follow me ?<3
hey, concert on sunday right? what time
A, A-, B+ & B ... i will take it for my grades. Now only one more semester :)
date with my boyfriend was so fun!
Time for a hike...where are those snowshoes
Can I go to THATcamp, administration? Y?
Last night my dad met for the first time. Seeing my dad meet someone from one of his favorite shows was the cutest thing ever.
Sorry all, but we will be CLOSED on Saturday, June 4th for a wedding. We apologize for any inconvenience!
We win our College Football Game of the Year yesterday, but a poor showing in college hoops for the day. Get on board for Sunday's Card!
I love people. I take a call to set up a tow & the guy says "Oh it's not as bad as the last time my car was there." The car arrives right
All nu Thursday stop. Chick gonna be a zoo tho
What are your next few evenings looking like? I have a groupon for a Peruvian restaurant that expires on Wends....lol
This white dude wearing a du-rag is way to much for me to handle right now
HOLY SHITT AWKWARD WAS AMAZING!!!!!!! <33333333 IM GONNA DIE I CNT BELIEVE SHE WROTE THAT NOTE THATS CRAZY MATTY IS A HOTTIE!
I wasn't a PSU fan yet, but it made nights at The Canteen--Bartlesville, Oklahoma's 1 teen hangout--dependably lame.
Glad its friday.
Give up the trophy, you ass!
Take me or leave me, I'll never be perfect believe me I'm worth it, so take me or leave me<3
aww(: I miss you too I will definitely come see you!!
Digital First Media launches war veterans project
aw i can't watch it :( my sister's computer's dead :( :( :(
I feel you bro, u should pass by our new spot
surprised you didn't go with red for your badgers.
I shoulda known:-) People don't realize how much bartering can help them! I do partial and full barters - always have!
sometime drake be on that corny shit...buddens skills is rediculous!!!!
can you text me your email address?
Im just in a great mood, man!
” — Albus Dumbledore from Harry Potter (movie)
my condolences. i am so sorry.
Rosie show sold out on Dec 10 at Davenport's but please watch because may be adding another show...
your mom! Lmao!!!
End of the #buckeye season. First 7 loss season since 1897.
That was the 10th time these NBC commentators have talked about Ricky Fowler's 'Jack Sparrow' look.
How do theories like the government doesn't creat jobs even get started and then assumed true...
Appreciate the mentions and RT's, thanks! JPeters1221
YES they are! apparently they decided to play with their eyes closed and put no effort in this series =[
too many pregnant celebs and too many are getting engaged they must have spring fever too
sitting in Miami traffic trying to get to the heat game. this is easily one of the 5 worst places in the entire world
Have to tell you guys...your "Sakura Black" and "Taiwan Ruby Black" teas are just outstanding. Very unique flavors.
wow. That's a killer.
now i dont even know if i still want to be in Marketing since Mr.Lange is going to move schools
I will be 40 within a year and a half from now.
you're moving to Atlanta?! So exciting! And a better climate too ;) ☀
I'm not going to sleep.
It's just a webcam for the stream or HD? (If HD, how did you do it as I have a camcorder I'd like to stream?)
Love Lisa and Celtic Woman.
what time I have a presentation at 5pm
I tip my already mostly-tipped hat to you guys!
ask ur mom if she found out please.
The train conductor is talking in a fake British accent and the guy next to me looks like Harry Styles. I love New York.
A close game between #23 Auburn and Utah St. 21-21 in the 3rd quarter. This is another game I want the underdog to win badly.
Helpful feedback on social media editorial calendars and content syndication at #smreboot. Next step: tackle over-fragmentation.
What's your passion?
Monday, blah blah blah...back to school/work, blah blah blah!
Love my friends.
Smart play rex
needs a sponsor for MISS CALIFORNIA USA 2010!!!
One of the best TV series ever constructed!
Let them help make your household budget & then their own RT : Q5. If you have kids..how do you teach them about debt?
Rex says he never gets excited about drafting wideouts, but raves about 's speed: "Wow. Hill can fly."
The real problem to job creation in MKE.....Tom Barrett.
I'm still good for a lap dance though!
When you get your a$$ out of bed... give me a call!!
please could i get a follow for my birthday?<3 it would mean the world to me<3
Did a Porsche event at Road America this week. They are promoting their new Panamera which is their first sedan. Man, it is sweet!!
No problem! Please stop by for toffee soon! RT : thanks for the #FF love!
Because of being 20 minutes late on ordering my Nvidia GTX 570 I may have to wait till tomorrow to receive it :(
Constantly being one step behind I'd no way to go through life. Get your shit done and you'll be happier.
I might need to go attack a vending machine
What do you think #IUBB needs to do to get 2 big road wins agianst #Michigan and #Purdue?
I'm just waiting on the worldstar video of the fight. That's where all twitter beefs lead.
Everybody and there fucking high expectations of me but not helping me do shit .
Need feedback on your current CV? Come get some Friday at 12pm in the Huff House, rm 107 RSVP at bit.ly/tSNPtb
there's nothing wrong with pre-gaming on the train!
Focusing on how gorgeous it is outside while running errands.
Harborfields High School Varsity Cheer car wash!
ANIMANIACS - THEME SONG LYRICS
Planing my spring break vacation:)
Craving something sweet or salty? You might really be hungry
I agree with you.
Be sure and watch at noon. David Pettyjohn will be discussing OK Humanities Awards & nominations!
a lot fo googd ideas to make money from affiliate marketing to google adsense to paid surveys
Wrap that up as a win, back to LA for game 3
have you seen the video for lightning by the wanted? MAX'S ARMS ARE LIKE AMAZING
Illinois shake down on business-Sears breaking free. Wisconsin in the hunt for major stakes. Milwaukee ready to deliver on workforce.
yea really
I wanna see the girls who actually stick around when a new band comes out and ppl are saying 1D aren't relevant, those are my sisters!
MySpace will it express its feelings on Sulia.....
Can't decide between Asking Alexandria, Escape The Fate, A Day To Remember, or Black Veil Brides T-shirts...damn it !
you a trill bitch put y motha fuckin hands up (chant)
Excited for today's meeting, and not just because it's raining outside! Our contractor Paul is speaking today~
Brit, I don't get the reference.
Trying 2stay healthy over the holidays?? Take a box of crisps w/u! Don't 4get to bring for the host too, bc then that would just be rude.
I assume this means students who don't have them already will have to purchase?
Canadian sushi: should we?
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. -Augustine
Love RT : Government and celebrities trying to cut down on abundance of pork.
No microwave should need to know the date in order to set the clock. Even AM/PM seems minimally invasive. Tip of the cap, Sunbeam SGC7701.
RT : "Birches" by Robert Frost. RT : Carry a poem around tmrw in honor of Poem in Your Pocket day. Which poem?
How great MKE really is - over 100 items donated, over 30 bach/ettes, over 500 people attending. All for kids & cancer. dateforacure.org
y doesnt Derick Rose have a twitter??????
no need to get mad lol
A look at the long-term redevelopment plan for Springfield, MA after last June's tornado on at 9pm.
just like 3 times lol..u?
Kyrie getting doubled by the #celtics. #Respect. Go #Cavs!
Yeah #NASCAR!!
East coast weather boosts hair volume, and natural curl - will be missed.
have you bought the single yet?
Looking at online #patienteducation offerings, dominated by surgery decision/procedure; little on post-op patient behavior/reducing problems
I've been asking my library instruction students (college level) how many are on Tumblr. Lots! Tumblr is awesome, and students are using it.
show at sacred grounds tonight. see you there
"Thumbs are awesome" might the best takeaway from 's #FOWD workshop thus far.
#Echofon...... My spell gene is absent
In #DC too RY RT Teachers spend on avg $25/mo own money to feed their students says
haha I looked through the credential list from the game... but I've been pretty good... how about yourself??
lol it's all good, i laughed too ..then choked her out lol jk ;D
I cannot believe that jackass is still employed by ESPN.
I can't stand my daughter's best friend. She is constantly tattling on my daughter... to me!
Ok, 10% VIP discount (Today Only) when you show this tweet and mention our mascots name "Lunabelle" RT : maybe...
Thanks! RT thank you for everything this semester! Definitely one of the top enjoyable classes/professors Ive had at tech.
Don't want to be in Arranging for 2 hours...
I didn't realize it was hotter than Africa out side and I am walking my dog in a black t and elites
“: MT Toddler Angel Babcock (the only survivor of the family of 5 in Pekin, IN) has been taken off life support.”SO SAD!
Thanks, Jodi, for the shout-out to my colleagues and
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Some children end up in Child Protective Services while others go to Juvenile Court for the same conduct.
Awww Man..Here we go again with all this snow stuff again!!
Yeah, she's pretty dang Muppety!
"emotional availability is so sexy." w
Kids, adults can pull in to model-train depot Saturday - Andover Townsman
The work day needs to end now.
Currently recruiting a part time staff accountant with WIP experience, in a manufacturing environment. 3-5 years experience preferred. Ref…
"oral cholera vaccine that can help prevent people from getting cholera again. Why wouldn't we do that?" -Jon Lascher, Partners in Health
Worship service
This is a day on which I am not pleased to be of the female persuasion.
Balance billing has been a critical problem for a long time. A sign our healthcare system is broken.
RT : Why does Romeny have a Swiss bank account? #WhatsRomneyHiding Where's your taxes??
exactly, let's just play some baseball...
Following u ;) “: Please follow me”
I believe I'm free tomorrow night.
he makes my day :)
Taking easy ass tests that make you feel smart>>>
good food. good weed. good liquor. good company. good times.
Who wants dinner !
Yeah that was indeed a monstrosity. There are tons of Melvin Stukes and Pete Welch signs in District 9, all posted on vacants.
OK Good I trust everything works out. If it does spread the work about our
Duquette Sports Academy Labor Day Tourney team sample: Greenfield Nor'Easters, Wells Warriors (Niskayuna, NY), Pittsfield Daddy O's.
I WON THE #Flyers vs #Penguins GAME IN FANCAKE! BOW DOWN TO MY GREATNESS AND WORSHIP MY FEET!
Charmed, I'm sure.
Here come the waterworks
So cheesay RT : Thanks for a great day guys! 😁
SM is a cool way to teach Wisdom of Crowds
Does Jahvid Best taking under market val w/ his 10 mil while guys around him got 12-13 mil make Hughes contract harder to do?
Threats to ebook lending: publishers, budgets, licenses, change in technology, vendor lending services
I heard a talk today by Noam Chomsky and he implied that infants could learn to read in the same manner they learn to talk.
use of research findings in payer+provider operations makes sense and is much needed
Oomf Gt Nigga Problems But Won't Let Me Show Her Love From A Real Nigga
Victim was a staff member, Mrs. Patty, teacher aid from Patriot HS She is in critical condition. Her husband who shot her is dead.
#ThoughtsAtWalmart I want that & that & that & that & that & that
follow me!1
A True Classic.
she must have done a lot of praying before that to the national anthem gods.
Let's open a pizzeria and close at f#*€in 9 pm. Good business.
Thanks St. Clair County Bar Association for gathering 150+ participants for ILSCCP-ARDC Ethics & Professionalism CLE
When ur young ur delight is friends, but when u grow up ur delight is family and money......so I don't mind my circle being small...GWS
This melancholy weather makes me miss the 9 train.
I am in love with the Oreo Klondike bar i can not eat enough of them they're just SOO GOOD
WERE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!!!
My mama making me ride the bus cuz i lost my permit!
No one !
Sweat Tips New Haven Officer Off To Robbery Suspect - Hartford Courant
Mf think I'm stupid or sum knowing dam well I hate liers smh Iight niggas wanna play them dum games then fuck it go head do yu I'm dne
oh Twitter. You have no idea how excited I am for my interview on Monday. New York Publishing dreams are coming true!
RT : YES!! says build the product that YOU want to use. That's what we did & it makes all the difference!...
I don't see any good ones, but definitely use anything you can find. Some of them dropped off the free account I think.
"Fat Chicks Need Love Too .. Just Gotta Pay"
I love it when you can tell you've been followed by a spam bot, especially when the company is state specific and not in yours....
Haha I can't stand Crocs! Keep 'em coming you make me chuckle...
Avengers? Yes,please!
1) Race is complicated PRECISELY BECAUSE it is made up, constructed, arbitrary, and shifting - yet still powerfully constant, and ... (2/3)
If you need to get your feelings out, Im a great person to talk to... Just a DM away <3 :)
yay! Me too!
What's #DwightHoward thinking now? addresses latest news on #OrlandoMagic center with right now.
having lunch with your mama 4 her bday.
it always gets busy when I go on break \m/
Oh no griot for you boo :(
or a queen :)
Peple ask me why inspires me. I respond that she grew from her past and made her life better, like im working to now(:
Watson fucked over Chicago
you can be older and still be immature...you can be young and be mature...seriously, age ain't nothin but a number.
hey heyy omg i miss you <3
50+pgs of abstractions described through case studies and interviews to create/write in 7 wks, plus 3 classes and a job, thank god no baby
why didn't anyone tell me that Betty Garrett died this year? :(
Breakfast for dinner!
Fuck you school. I wanna sleep.
So sorry for your loss! “: Keep me and my family in prayer as I just found out my Sis-In-Law KIM MILLER passed away this morning!”
Yea Sunday! We are open now until 4pm and this week we start staying open until 5pm
We were on time until we had to go back for the marriage license.
We can dig Island Girls, just like Although the way we dig them is slightly different...
me too!
i wonder how many times ive backed up without looking in my rearview mirror and not hit anything? damn.
I think Ima gonna sing hater by Miranda Brooke for the talent show . - Zaona
He gonna get atleast 5 RT : Two game suspension and lets keep it moving...They are going to talk this to death...
these hoes fake dude!
Z i follow every F-in bodi
#Crazyness when your sister tells you the trolalalalolerss go to our school
Why did I not take the free tickets to go see Darius Rucker and Lady Antebellum today ?
Never had a Shamrock shake . . . If that thing doesn't get you drunk, I'm protesting!!
she requested the one that liked her. sorry, it happened to be milo.
Any lady brewers interested in brewing for the Alleyfight this year? Let us know--we'll hook you up!
Er school starts in a few e_e
I don't think I've launched a program from the Dock in two years. Isn't Spotlight just way faster?
I think it's a gone-r girl. Hate to be the bearer of bad news! ;)
$$$$$ shopping this week tattoo this weekend"
that's probably why they dont make them anymore.
No No
Blue Bobby Production Akila Records
Everyone please follow I manage the lakeside resort and would live to share it's beauty & fun with as many as possible!
Hello there trevor what is up
How you like the twat? I mean twitter xD
Oh Honey if you want to learn good stuff BookEnds w Jessica is the best ever/every day is good book industry info
I ALWAYS SAY THIS TO MY KIDS! LOL “: #ThingsMyMotherSays "Do you have any homework you haven't done?"
Johnny Most is smoking 7 Lucky Strikes & chugging Canadian Mist in heaven right now
Great #shot2011 meeting. Many thanks to new colleagues in history. I have some great notes.
Ugh my phone just rang and I don't feel like getting it
Matthew, at 9 on a Fri night: "Can I start calling random people?"
So mad rite now
I commend my brain for coming up with that one. It was quite nice, haha.
<3 Thanks so much for recommending my book & hosting a giveaway.
Imagine a picture perfect world... now wake up. see that load of crap? That's called reality.
i'll just leave that up to your boo
Got a mixtape dropping late June, have some new tracks ive been working on that I want you to spit a verse on, ill keep u posted
Happy Easter. ^______^
Finished the semester with 2 As one B and one C... can't complain.. I'm going for straight As next semester. watch...
this mpc is wayy to complicated for me
Yes, the Wiz one... they just did it on The Voice.
Damn you too? RT : Im always wrong. Let tha next person tell it.
Cascabel at Black Lodge. Pretty fucking good.
Are you down?
"Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocre minds." -Albert Einstein. One of my favorite quotes, and so very true.
preciate it mane
"The more that u read, the more things u will know. The more that u learn, the more places you'll go." -Dr. Seuss. What books r u reading?
When servers say "tell me when" as they grate cheese over your salad... What if you never tell them to stop? Will they grate forever?
I'm glad you enjoyed Red Sky Warning, Louisa :)
i really cant type because doctors keep coming in and josh snuck me a laptop we were walking by our hotel cause we stayed at the bea
I understand tired of PPT. But there's tired of Prezi too.
you is crazyy...Love bein on the phone with you ! ahhahahahaha
By George I've got it!
ATTENTION INTERNET(yet again): I know I'm not as fun as green beer but if someone could help me out this Sat 11a-4p I will owe you big time!
you guys up for margaritas?
I hate how my parents already made plans with my money before i get it.....
New libraries attract students! Now, let's make a great college!
When you send a text to someone.. but it doesn't always deliver until you open that chat back up.
Line Edit Tool for Arcmap is approved and Developer starts earning. Come and join us to earn money from your extensions
So I told him and he doesn't believe me.
Was he French? The Lion King has 1 of my favorite jokes, tho: "Nothing. What's a motto w you?"
Encourages our communities to go out and vote tomorrow. Let your vote be heard.
People who do the same face when they take a pic :/
Nice bio, looking forward to reading more from you. thanks for the follow!
March 9 @ The Avenue Lounge w/ The Turkeys. Come shake yo' sass!
how is the evan smotrycz thing any different.. blocked schools we will be playing along with B1G
they are some sneaky mfs lol
like a mother effer haha that's great
RT Let us not forget about the less fortunate who've never been to a restaurant where an educated foreigner recites the menu to you.
Did you graduate from Milliken University in Decatur?
Hey Class of 2002! We need your email addresses if you want to be apart of planning your 10 year reunion! Tweet them to us!
Seriously! I was also thinking about starting a #FridayReads board today.
I LOVE SO MUCH! Are you's looking forward to June 1st in Belfast? I'll be there for my 16th birthday, give us a shoutout?;)
Give permission.
you playing at is8 this weekend??
yes yes, we know the cali flag snapback is sold out, more to come on 8/30!!! - BUREAU CAP
you don't have to pay me! Haha if I have one I'll just give it to you but I gotta look
hahah he's handsome ;) lolol he sounds like buzz light year xp
Going to for Spring Break? Party all night Contact me for #VIP tables and information about upcoming events
no i was sendin it to fransisco did u see the link he send us cuz i aint gonna watch it
Yo the Magic handed out some heavy contracts a few years back.. Arenas is in the top 10 or 15 highest paid in the league.
Rocked a commercial audition today! And preparing for another audition on Monday! But 1st I gotta birthday party w/my LA peeps tonight!
Thank you everyone! I appreciate your "likes" and kind comments. :)
Cute pic of you and j :)
Haha! That's so true!
that's what I had, 2 sacres, a Stockton, a dower, and a team clip.
Head down to and grab your 2011 Program Book! So you know what day our film premieres
You're looking at me, but I'm looking right through you..
is he still not signed?!?
However, I have not converted from a braves fan to a white sox fan. Just calling a spade, a spade.
yea, its true :p he's alive most of the time but posts very little things :p
Guess I'll get some Pleasant Ridge Chili befo work
Saw Johnny Knoxville at Laurel Tavern, was not someone I expected to see on a Monday evening.
Thanks! So glad to have finally met IRL.
oops, foot bits. Hospital ruining my brain.
walikn towards u
Having to wake up early on the one day we get to sleep in<<<<<<<<<
That should have been "imagining." arg ;)
no not yet I'm probably gonna post it at midnight or tomorrow because I took a long nap today sorry :/
#YouKnowYourHigh wth.... what a stupid trend......
If the iPad was chocolate... would you?
Catch Me @ Relic This Wednesday for the Pre-Thanksgiving Day Party...
'love and other drugs' nice drama movie which made me don't finish yet my job *nyetrika
I have 15th Birthday Day :*
When are you coming home again?
are you going to come by?
ah I see your
woooaaah thought you were asleep :)
should have one actual cooking show. MT The only way I'd bring back Good Eats is if there were fan demand.
. + RT : Favorite butcher shop in #indy?
I suck @ multi-tasking.
how do you train a cat not to bite...?
i wish i could afford the CP.2 kit with all the mounts. Ah, to dream.
Bulls all the way<3
R.I.P Gorden Simmons ........ We will miss you..... I still can't believe this :(
Indeed. Longer loading times bad for conversion! Thanks again and the vid work is done by my bud
Wow. Three months. It seems like I just called you on the phone at 10:36 at night on Valentine's Day just yesterday. I love you<3
“: You might like this - Rachel Platten and Caitlin Rose - fresh female singer-songwriters on the rise thanks!
Interested in a Free Digital Review and 2012 marketing plan for your #golfcourse, contact me at
those are less expensive then the ones I got tho...
Its a hard knock life for us .
The Gospel is not being preached correctly until my hands are moving as much as my lips.
standing by with sling in hand! “: Ready to take the world!!! Where my Giant-Slayers at!!??!!!”
Not a jerk at all. Thanks.
omg what!? Have fun! Maybe I'll see ya around :)
I know that your neighbors will miss you!
Why are some people still opposed to ebooks? They’re the same people that wouldn’t let women vote, because it would “disturb” things.
I won't for sure I do believe somewhere he knows what's happened & is smiling
Palm d'or winner or Scream 4 hm...
our new website... www.luma-institute.com
don't let cartoon characters fire you up. No one takes that cat seriously anymore.
Fo Sho! Tip in dunk was money! CATS CATS CATS!!
my thoughts exactly - proud of our troops but at the same time fearful of what may happen now
Anyone see La Traviata today ? Love Natalie Dessay. Disappointing set. I watched with eyes closed :(
Really hoping I win this week in fantasy football, if I do, guaranteed money.
"People react to weakness with meanness" - Rachel TRUTH.
making hits
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Happy Easter everyone! I can't wait for some kielbasa!
The English Riviera
'Abdu’l-Bahá’s train pulls into New York City. He’s been gone for three weeks.
-about the got to sleep :)
Melting & Licking Chocolate off of a plate😍❤
RT Follow my Friends
Hello, I wonder if you can help me address a support problem I'm having. Traditional channels aren't working. Can u help? Thanks.
Never been there, but now I need to go!
“: Just remember; someone loves everything you hate about yourself.” somebody else hates everything you love about yourself
Happy to be in audience of #new carolinas chapter: 300+ women & men w/Mary Davis Holt speaking
Come on C's
good luck !
#lovegettingtold oh, this is a winning ticket.
Buy One get one free cranburry naturals printable coupon
Little Giants AND Lion King on tv in one night?!!
yeah its depressing :( and idk, i barely obsess anymore bc i just dont have time. but i dont think im gonna stop, bc i just cant
Um... Two of the train conductors were together in the same part of the train with the door locked and when they came out, the guy had ---
Nothing like a good run to clear the good ol' noggin. Yeah I just said noggin.
not really...
Just picked up another rad show today at Jr.'s on red river and 6th st. We go on at 4:14! Stoked to be at
sexy moon
Thanks look forward to catching up, hopefully doesn't grill me tomorrow night...
Who wants a #FF? :P
RT : #AECSM A1: "policy" sounds so formal for many firms. Tips or guidelines may be met with more acceptance.
Tiger compared to Peewee Herman and Mike Tyson after the staged speach....hahaha!
Join us at the Atlanta Underground Film Festival. Sun 9/25 8:30pm at the Goat Farm to see "Bob and Bob"
Waiting for my mates to pick me up for my stag weekend...no idea where to and what the plan is - but I should be back Sunday night! ;-)
Looking forward to the Excursion to Auchentoshan Distillery
ODU to Conference USA and FBS football? Can I vote yes?
This radio station fuckin kills it at night.
Yes Amen sis! He is great. Its pleasure to receive u encouragement sis :) thank u for your prayers!!! May you be filled with peace
I love Tyra Banks.
Didn't we talk about how our boyfriends were our only friends at lunch today ? hahaha.
I am definitely a big big big fan...........Love ya <3
The best thing I ever did was investing everything in me
haha nah just
Everything poker!!! up to 75% off. Come see our store! www.Eproducts4less.biz
My dad catered that movie.
at New York (Brooklyn) Aviators game
Happy Friday!
we're good...all is well with yourself?
The food was fantastic! The cherry and goat cheese was devine! Thank you for all you did!
Norm, great seeing you today, and I got a lot of good information from you!
Don't deny it. We all calculate the minimum score we can get on our finals in order to get a certain letter grade.
Some say you should eat#fish once or 2 times a week? You think its the beef corps pushing there own agenda?
Dislikes people with no style!
Thanks for sharing this. I need to put re-immersion in NYPL on the agenda the next time I'm home to see the fam.
I had 3 auditions last week! #win. Wake Up! a film by amrheartfilms is 0-2 for film festival selections #fail. Come on Callbacks!
Instant #facepalm every single time I read something from that blog... *sigh*
It sucks knowing that you come second to the person you put first.
How is #ohreally trending?! Has the world just been hit by sudden and strangely unbelievable information?
I have a long sleeve shirt, a sweatshirt, & sweatpants on & I'm still cold too. Last night was ridiculous. They need heat.
ah i love lady gaga!!!! i really hate people who hate on her! she is soo talented and such a sweet person! whats wrong with people???
Good morning
wtf ever.. #biteme i don't need spelling lessons from you.
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
Hello published writer.
Me: "Hola! Como estas? :)" Spanish guy: *Speaks mad fast Spanish* Me: "Dude, chill! Dora didn't teach me that yet!" -_-"
How come I can run 5 miles with 21,000 people, no problem, but I can't run a mile by myself without getting winded?
Change our unemployment system to a reemployment system - like!
Two of my favorite bass player friends on one tour! Enjoy guys.
Episode 1.... Let's see if I get hooked on another show.
you mother fucker
Just woke up from a dream where I invented collared pants.
Awh, thanks girl!
. I'll be there tonight around 6:30. Waiting for to get home.
Real time facebook status updates in the car after your date? Bitch you gotta get a life.
We will only crawl a website as fast as that site can handle. Going faster would take down the website.
cool - Norman Mailer's is my fave!
crap mood.
YOU HAVE TO GO. THIS YEAR IS ACTUALLY REALLY GOOD.
lol, so true
be your own person fuck everybody else
yes dear i created you lol :)
RT if you can't live without music
Key to effective book marketing? Portfolio approach - price is 1 factor but social, SEO all key. Data analytics is backbone.
try not to ask him 4 questions in one....just kidding.
bet friends:-)
Upside down car 520 east bound after 148th exit....wort the
follow my pepls
New on tCR: Interview with Maria Murnane. We talk about writing, soccer and the evils of buying used books. On thecurrentreader.com now
This Another Night Out 6-5-12 episode to legit
ohh jessica fletcher....you cunning little fox.
Kei does well to get that out from under his feet and get a shot on goal.
Their clothing is as fake as their spines.
Something Fresh For the Sports Fans...Are you ready???
have fun at the wedding Dill!!!! I wish your sister the best!
Wow! Congratulations. What a great way to start the year : )
Thanks!! That is hilarious :) My dad will love your take on it! Too bad the Heathkits are long gone.
heard the ratio is like 6 to 1 ;) get it son..
“: Spa staff in swanky resorts in Miami ask massage clients if they have ass implants so excess pressure injuries are avoided”
Christine is boyfriend shopping for me through our customers, not gonna lie she's doing pretty damn good !
I love garlic! 1st date worthy! RT : #Greek restaurant Estia. Greek food is great, but maybe not on a first date?
come on man. He was in pain. You know what it looks like to be in pain right?
Steam key is one of the most important selling points for me and
Hmm, no, actually slipping knitwise puts a twist into the stitch, so there's probably a specific reason.
The two ladies that mean alot to me i love them both lucky to have them in my life
good lookin signature there, must've been a busy day!
Congrats to Barry Larkin on his election to the National Baseball Hall of Fame. An all time favorite of mine! Lets Go
I may not have the best of hearing, but I can hear "I'm thinking about buying a bike." from a mile away.
just watched that She & Him video. Totes reminds me of vintage Rilo (in a good way) loves it <3
I'm twisting Something Sippn Something Yea u know I'm Turnt Up!
do what?
#replacebandsnameswithboobs boobs wanted
Sitting on the couch in my running gear. Tempting not to bother.
im going to go get wasted tonight ;D
I'm like "let me get up and start my day" but I remembered I have nothing to do
What is it about the "religious people" that the left has so much difficulty with? It can't be that they are threatened by them, could it?
I have to admit the phrase "ramble and yaw" is beautifully poetic
Arrived at the #LAMarathonExpo. We are in the second row in the purple booth with the massage table!
oh :( well it's not like it could have ruined your life or something
We are collaborating with The Hunger Task Force again this year! JULY 1-31. $2off haircut with 2 non-perishables, $5 off color service!
Many studies show that adding videos to a website increases traffic and time-on-site. Look for a major increase in online videos in 2009.
I feel like one... It doesnt matter i got u now.
Dance dance dance till ya dead
Didn't you left like 1 minute ago ? haha
Right now, I'm more ticked off at Joel Ward for taking that idiotic penalty!
Ceremony went well(: now off to the board meeting!
you a Que bruh. All yawl can grille. Hahahaha
oh emm gee. i know she jus told me,
hi follow me i luv u follow that would be great
Mayor Sanders: frequent role for mayor to meet with employers, understand what sectors are growing, e.g. clean tech most recently...
and his entire Bad Boy empire are hands down my biggest Hip Hop influence.
It's nice to know you hate me again. I'm not gonna play that game anymore, so bye. I won't try again.
that's what im gonna eat nigga:D<3
I hate when people leave voicemails!!! It's so annoying to check them. -_-
Thank you Bill. The kind words are much appreciated.
I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am~Francis Bacon ~Adjusting 4 inflation is now more like 30 yrs.
What's going on in Nat today/tonight.
Do I look like team followback get the fuck out my mentions
Got two gigs today! Word to
Q: What did the sign on the door of the whorehouse say? A: Beat it - we're closed.
Best she has ever looked!
Ahem. I think you mean Masshole.
omg. NO sardines in the workroom. please. i don't CARE if they're good for you. it's freakin' offensive.
Simple Solution to complex problem ~ Read The Label ~ lol
My girlfriend is a very angry person 0_o
Reason #1 tolls are good: don't have to wait at Polekatz for the roads to clear.
lol I was wondering what 8 had to do with that sentence
aren't we all supposed to die tonight or something? (kidding) Dead Or Famous!
I'm just looking forward to those great shorts/polo tan lines i inevitably will have by mid-June.
I have found a worthy foe. The mouse has eaten all the peanut butter off of two traps without snapping them. Touche, little mousie. Touche.
what about me!! :( LOL
The case about imported books will pit policy against some poorly drafted statutory language. Yes, a case that will make a diff!
... I miss u guys we have to still meet up this summer ... :)
Yo tell Carena, and charlie hi. Charlie is a girl. Her mom was the princabal when I was there
Thinks it is clear that Kroger's has no idea how late Easter falls this year. Guys, it's not even Lent yet.
NEVER CUT the TIES in what you have the POWER to UNTIE. CHERISH your relationships!
Back to Vegas...
Free t-shirt to 1st reply: who is shaking Pres Eisenhower's hand in the baseball tribute video we posted a while back?
<~ is this a protected account ?
Hi fam! April and May are always the busiest months for me. Nonetheless, I hope everyone has a safe holiday weekend!!!!
I could be wrong, but anything Nick Cave plays a role in is bound to greatness! (Although it is fantastic in all)
"Great day to be an American, tough day to be a chicken" -- Denny's, haha, FREE Grand Slam today!
"You can lose a man like that by your own death, but not by his." (c) George Bernard Shaw
in other news the NYRangers won 2-1 go Rangers!
LOL THEY NEED THE NANNY FROM TV
Welcome back Kovalchuk way to follow up Elias with a goal 20 seconds later..
See : People do a lot of things in other countries we don't do here. Dog on top of the car was not right.
Wonder how this convo gnna go... An how long its gnna take...
See what I mean? Nice. RT Thank you kindly for your wonderful mention! Happy #ecomonday to you too!
Indie record label out of L.A. will be including my single "Far Away" on their national CD sampler release this month! :)
hilarious. RT : Romney: 'Anything wrong, I'm opposed to'
#20ThingsAboutMe 18. I wish my hair was thicker.
he's under 70 pitches. He could keep going until he gets in trouble.
Walking Helps Reduce Cardiovascular Disease Risk F
I swear twitter is like the mothership of negativity and all you dudes are alien vs predator feasting on BS
The whole emphasis of our spiritual practice should be aimed at creating positive and healthy thoughts and actions.
thanks you guys! You rock!
everyone is boaring on fridays now a days
... suspecting my friends who intentionally use "teh" are hoping to mask their OCD.
new+jersey+nets
Damn it's a little bur outside.
What doesn't shake me, doesn't wake me.
these philly fights be crazy as shit
My brain is telling me to protect everything I stand for but my heart says yolo.
“: When the Bible lays dormant in your bedroom, its power will be void in your life.”
you are so welcome! if you play your cards right... You may get a gift too
Uh-oh. I'm grandfathered into AT&T's unlimited plan. And, like airline fees, I'm guessing AT&T will see this as permission to follow.
thanks to you I'm now fixated on David Letterman's nightly tie choice.
Gym was good today..... Yeah.
#OnceYou are on Twitter you cannot get off!
Thanks Man. You too!
Is this the famous Emily Brown??? Seriously though, Evan never told me you were so talented Great article!
Thank you for the mention! Happy Monday!
we've got green SKC scarves!
When you have a bad cold, do the voices in your head make you say stupid things, too? Or is it just me?
Thank you Matt!!
yeah. Wasn't the best SNL but the 100th digital short was too funny.
: This isn't really an appropriate way to treat the mayor. Cc:
The Center is all decked out and ready for tonight's event! A few more finishing touches and then it's Cocktails & Connections time!
In case you're worried by the inflammatory tweets, the account has been hacked. Let's hope the criminals behind it are prosecuted.
Mission impossible: try to get a bar to put the sound on for Wisconsin game
There's a geese fight going down right now
My friend is addicted to your song Bewitched. :) You guys are definetly grwoing on her! :)
Congrats client Mary Jean Davis who lead the ticket tonight in Chas City Council at large.
Fun fact: We will be changing up our apartment inventory & will be adding 7 new units.
hiya! not that I tweet much these days ;) but I'll be out of town through Sunday, so if you need anything, please forgive the delay :) xoxo!
On the entrance ramp to the highway of life at the moment....
Snap Chat Overload, but I don't hate it.. 😳😜😲😠 SNAP CHAT FACES
Q: Why don't you pursure your crush? Sadly, I think he is straight.
Savage Love I’m a gay man in my late 20s who has been trying to deal with an attraction to young boys since I hit puberty. I know t
I'm going to sleep.
Yeah! DM me your contact info. :)
Just because you speak a different language doesn't mean I can't figure out that you're talking shit. We are closed.
Home grown Pure Kush tastes amazing. Natural sunlight. Ah. FTW & power bills
Pssh I know !! Me and u should move to L.A and be famous together?(:
My mom just said i was awesome because i'm doing what she said. And that it has always been true. Did she just have a near death experie ...
#NorthCarolina is trending its a sign!
More order's shipped, Thanks for the support "SNO" Fans we are working on new shirt's coming in October Stay tuned.. www.snoclothing.com
great set last night guys ! i'll see you again June 3rd ! <3
wish they would run that livery all year. Those blacked out bikes are sikc
winner will face #Spartans, who took town #Hawkeyes by a final of 92-75. Izzo's squad shot 58% from the field, 44% from long range.
Laying back catching up on some Music videos.
Well there goes my 10 bucks lmao
Think some people have forgot I exist tonight...
I type too fast for my keyboard...annoying lol
Literally pacing back and forth waiting for my mom- and aunt-in-law to get here. Ack, stupid traffic!!
Lech Mejewski's masterpiece THE MILL AND THE CROSS is now available on Blu-ray. Order a copy now from our site with our without PPR and DSL.
Watch out for them snakes in the grass
#PhatLinez with c:
Listening to NFLN re FA QBs make me happy that we have Ted Thompson and we don't have to worry about who will lead my team this year
There is a good chance my friend and I get into a fight at this game. Ranger fans are so sensitive.
my mom would be disappointed..
I just dont care anymore
at least its not tickets for the
I know, right!? Makes me want to start a business or something. ;)
Which type of therapy do you think is best for ADHD/ADD?
you need a new twiticon ASAP.
Sure thing, glad you followed back. My activity waxes and wanes. It's all fine.
are u in a teepee in uganda?
Thanks for the follow!
already several spin outs reported and we are just getting started! Be careful.
lucky you. but if you are in CA then I will have to go on a DC food truck hunt on my own next week!
Any thoughts on a roller derby play on Zooey Deschanel's name? Roolley Deschanel, etc?
Be happy! Your AAAHHHMMAAAZZZIIINNNGGGG!
thanks Kota!! See you Sunday!!
Elder, schmelder... Then you make it look so easy ;)
Huh. OK, thanks. Will look it up. I'm actually kinda digging this brochure, though. ;-)
They added " Beliebers- Group of fans of Canadian Singer Justin Drew Bieber (: " bhaahha Ohh i LOVE THIS WORLD!(:
the boa haha
SOTU - "We know a great teacher can offer an escape from poverty." But they still can't do it alone, Mr. President.
Toppers pizza is the shiiiiit. I'm seriously in heaven right now.
I love how Courage would always tell Muriel & Eustace of the events that are taking place by manipulating his body into different shapes.
A man should not have to sleep in Nike cold gear leggings, a hoodie and under 2 shower towels end of April
Enjoying the collective musicological freakout at being mentioned on Colbert.
you dumb.
El Bulli: Cooking in Progress kicks off it's theatrical run tomorrow EB also available tom. w/ PPR & Digital Site Licensing!
i 2nd that! But I've said "LIFE is what happens when your busy making plans... You just have to reroute and keep it moving!"
“: Keeping just got harder. May have no choice soon.” how did it get harder
chilling in SoBe, Warhol party later at the standard are you at Margiela?
I am never satisfied with what I create!
