especially cause bentley tries to fight everyone who didisagrees with him
Success is what I want I don't care if no one likes me God didn't put me here for them I have my own goals n dreams so do u n ima do me! 4-1
#SoBroke think i'm gonna sell my kitchen aid, and never been used crock pot
HE WAS OFFSIDES!
Thank u rushers 4 all u guys have done 4 me but bye just 4 get about me
Work is a 4 letter word after all! “: #tchra Podesta asking a couple of questions that silence the room ... #passion #purpose”
Just woke up. Rough night in the burg. I'm late for Wisconsin's practice. Bielema is gonna be pissed.
The Lincoln HIDs are attracting drivers irrespective of the kind of cars they drive
The Hops on Rye by Firehouse is a simply tasty IPA. Good for a Sunny Sunday.
Don't find love, let love find you. That's why it's called falling in love, because you don't force yourself to fall.♥
Suttin has good argument but I wonder to what extent Fundamentalist Antiliberalism derived from 1920s culture wars
how are you feeling?
Algae grown in deserts, cellular level repair and massive cheap, computational power - if we survive climate changes.
It was a funny comment. People need to get over themselves over a common term in fun.
Woke up and turned on to see Laughing my butt off is a great way to start the day!
Jeter is turning into an RBI machine. Girardi should take AJ out now so he can try to get his first win in Aug in 3 years. Pathetic
This color is looking good so far :)
Q2 How do you turn down the volume on the VCR speakers? (Turns out you can't.)
RT There is another freeze warning tonight. Bring those flowers inside.
Chillen at lumber liquidators waiting to some stuff... I guess it doesn't matter if you call and let them know you are coming to get it.
yes I will be in touch soon!
"Ticket to Ride" is a lot of fun! My house has a monthly game night & we play that & others! Game board geeks gotta stick together :)
OH at Pulp re: Jarvis: "It's as if Mick Jagger and Austin Powers had a baby."
I like 2 years for Finley. The guy is only 24 and now gets to prove he has decent hands without the Pack tying up $ in a long term deal
What is a "silver alert?"
I'm putting myself first . Honestly I just wanna be happy .
If the Lions could pick a game to take the suspension for Suh(like in MLB) today would have been the day
you didn't reply!
There's a hefty sized ball of stress growing in my tummy right now -ugh! I'm too Type A for my own good,.
“: Jizz!™ would be a great name for an energy drink.” like that idea. you've got spunk, kid.
The ceiling at Neiman Marcus, the art at Union Square, The food and jazz on Maiden Lane, I LOVE SF!!
No snarky comments from me lately, must mean you guys are doing a fine job at life. Or these Dr Scholls wrapped around my penis really work
Healthy skin and healthy body begin on the inside! A shot of Forever Aloe Vera Juice twice a day heals your body from the inside out!
way to tackle our midfield! Get your ass to Three Lions!
that's rude
hm....you appear to be lacking photographic evidence of my hijinks
He can always make me smile, no matter how bad of a mood I'm in. 
It has just been one of those weeks- I've spilled 3 drinks (Luckily all missed my computer)... And then I throw out my back!
demoing lots of collaborative projects via media commons. Notes difficulty of collaborative work particularly when it doesn't 'count'
Don't dream it's over
#2012woman independent Sting minded Ambitious/driven Ain't nun like a woman with her own
Watching Tom & Jerry!! <3
Today's gift card winner is Michael Miller. Congratulations!
Done! Should our team name evolve into "Still Running for Cupcakes" or "Still Running Because of Cupcakes?" Ha!
"God takes away from us what is dearest to our hearts to remind us of what we took for granted" - Ethne, The Four Feathers.
That was so awkward....
that's impossible:)
I can't keep up with my mentions lmao. Calm down cool girl.
What did you think of American Idol tonight?
Heck yes! I told my mom and she's like.. Y'all are dumb! I think it's going to be a blast! We need a "Gone Fishing" sign!
“: I dont trust these bitches” say it again family! ha
nice picture lol
Looking for cheap flights to Washington DC in June. SLA, here I come.
punch that mother fucker in the face, they don't respect sleep like you and I
lol idk which one but they were all nice I'm glad u stay with good ppls
How are you
Pandora time till i doze off
Its goin down 2nite ! $2 wells before 11 and $3 tequila sunrises all night... video mixing the best in hip hop/R
Just acting :)
This period is going by so slow -___-
“: it's Mardi Gras uniforms.” makes sense now thx.
Bonjour et thanks for the mention!
If you have any yellow Pepsi bottle caps with Power Code votes, please send the codes to us at . They truly help a lot!
Jenni is awesome! Just ate at jenni's noodle house and had a blast. 3 locations. Go! Now!
Community Extra: Calendar
do u follow me
About romance in Paris: "You always have to wait until May before things start popping." ---- Vernon Duke, composer of "April in Paris"
Spring edition of our Reaching Hands newsletter is coming soon! To subscribe, please visit www.medicalteams.org/newsletter.
god lord. need to go dress shopping soon!!!
Think positive thoughts ---> a positive outcome will develop. I've tried it, it's true!
I would love to sit here and stan for KC all night, but I got shit to do…goodnight folks!!!
Aeyo havent heard from u n a minute!! :) #JbSWAGGIN OUT STILL
Thanks for the favoriting and the RTs.
Don't even THINK of asking me! Uh uh, no way, not gonna do it. :P
CANCELLED - Barry Manilow from the Kennedy Center Spring Gala due to "Scheduling Conflict" (Yeah Right!) he was replaced w/ Chaka Khan
wow, hunter got you really good today... that was hilarious
I'm not a big Spurs fan but that promo is sick
With Suggs' injury, maybe he could just Crawl So Hard next season. #i'mhilarious
ok ok ok already, i just nakeishanicole on twitter!
iHate When People Act Like They're The Shit But They're Not They Are More Like The Toilet Water :P
you're a small sample size.
New DP online :D
Happy St.Patrick Day:D This is my 100th Tweet!! Yay! :D
For there to be a REAL answer that does not harm some while trying to help others, consensual sex workers MUST be acknowledged!
so happy to see so many friends and eager to learn with at
The #London2012 #Olympics will feature the first ever integration of social media.
We're also now taking submissions for the blog so email us
yes I did! Next Weds. keep your fingers crossed!
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Weekends here, 2-Day Sale available. Be sure to get your orders in before the sale ends. ;)
What she said >.< RT " I'd love someone forever if they bought me an okc jersey :o <33"
"The stark reality is that the people in the audience at most jazz concerts are either seniors or jazz musicians themselves, not new fans."
watch it
Just mounted the TV on the wall, set up the new DVD player and found I am missing one HDMI cable. ARRGGGH.
Congress, bought off? Shocking!
lmao "us, alone in the woods tracking a would-be killer. That's not African American"
that's awesome!!! Do yer stretches! XO
you still on ?
i love when people ask me what my favorite Chris Brown song is.. That's Easy! "Yo Excuse Me Miss"
Subscribing to my eNewsletter is now as easy as texting COACHBRU to 22828
Is it me or do Saturday drivers seem like Sunday drivers....MOVE!!!!
crazy stay over there
Now it is embarrassing
genocidal Lights is genocidal ;)
If they tell you dreams don't come true- don't believe. They do if one struggles!
Slow as molasses in January.
we want you here!!!
export faster!!
and that's the kind of president we need..to speak out about what us right for the sake of those he is serving
Forget Under Seige. There may be Big Trouble in Little China.
If Coach K does it too, does that make it right? No, just makes it standard procedure.
I'm still trying to find your austin mahone doll at the store(; lol
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW
oh yeah it's sense #dumbinbredracistdaddyfuckedmeasshoe.u can't understand cuz ur head is so far up #newtgringrich ass
who you know fresher then hov riddle me that
Classic, All-American Favorite Returns to Harborplace &amp; the Gallery - MarketWatch (press release)
"Light up your face with gladness. Hide every trace of sadness. You'll find that life is more worth while, if you just smile."
Can you at least but something nice for yourself- in lieu of pay? And put it on your husband's card?
i don't even care.. lol jk
Can anyone tell me why does it say bad request when I push on my twittes
Um...a big ass Margarita sounds good right about now.
Good morning! What's for breakfast?
I'll take mother nature over a gym anytime! :-)
I have full confidence you'll do it. I plan to help.
La vie de tata t enorme
Athlete guys >>
neither can we, one month to go!
RT : Went to St. Arnolds last night. Yummy food and tons-o-dudes! Thanks for the heads up. // Yay! So fun!
Potatos w bok choy, carrots and mustard greens. Yams x cinnamon and brown sugar. Getting better at cooking for food not bombs every week.
You too!
Everyone follow he is a great and very sweet guy
god I hope so. I wish the same even if they win...
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet. - Plato
im accually on my computer:D
Waking up at 4pm with a hangover must mean I had a great Saturday night.
I think you just type stop and hit send... ? Maybe?
Thanks! :) RT : Great job this morning & at the Media Breakfast!
Omg..Im With my family tiny and tylik:)
Nice! “: Huge win for #TULAX!! We trailed 11-6 but rallied to win 12-11 at Rutgers! 2-0 on the season, great job OWLS!”
Never have I felt the acronym "smh" to be more appropriate.
Take what you learned last night and the energy you felt, and apply it to your life. Help someone today & ask them to do the same
also, is still super hot. not debatable.
Since it's Friday the 13th and all, if you're worried about going anywhere tonight you could always just order Takeout or Delivery. :)
I heard...congrads! Working too...still at the same place
nothing much you? :)
about to go for my second workout. What are you doing
#MJtrial Murray verdict coming down within minutes. Watch it happen live on KTLA and Hear my explosive commentary.
Tell me you fuckin with Smack & URLTv next month g! Crazy ass battles comin up...
That's my life. I can assure you, it is exciting. That said, Crosby is still a bitch.
It's gray and rainy and I have math class later. But the Rangers are seven wins away. Thus, it could be much worse.
Won't it be fun to watch the Republicans as the vile French bring life back under Socialism? I hope I live long enough to witness it
careful with that. Don't will a baby into existence!
important day tomorrow!!! Good Night
OAH is in MKE and I wish I could be there too
Ah yes...a holiday with the La Tarts. I'd actually pay money to witness that. :-)
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so bored frfr
RT : Heads up! Literally... there will be a B-2 Bomber Flyover today ! It's happening at 3:40pm!
Aww, thanks Matt. Lovely to hear.
Looking for cute sun hats for boys and girls for the store. Anyone make them? Any suggestions? Prefer made in USA.
The Draper family often upsets my emotions.
taking advantage of this beautiful weather??? has a beautiful secret back garden!!!
hi Jennifer I wonder if r are related !? Haha :)
I love 's mom.
This is critical to remember. It's easy to get discouraged when we don't "win" a state. We are winning.
Our page was on hatius for a min but we are back on track , go cop 's Album On Itunes NOW
Good Morning #SteelerNation. Just a few too many shots last night. But time to Move on. #Breakfast!!
My little sister just told me that she though they were called "Jewish Fish". LOL
Same here! Crazy isn't it? Hope you're having a great week so far!
well i love my hoe
A new year coming
isnt "kaner" still passed out on some dairy farm
i would pay the price of admission to see that.
"What did the pirat say when someone called him a name??? I know you ARRRrrrgh but what am ' aye?!"
Thank you everyone for an amazing year. I am so happy and lucky I have such great friends and family. Can't wait for 2012!
Lol sorry! Responding to your DM now(:
After staring at the ceiling, I decided to get up.. Oh Mondays...
tagalong cookie blizzard! what will they come up w/ next to foil my attempts @ healthy eating? maybe one with little debbies?
I ♥ my daughter; I ♥ my babe..you live with the choices you make in life bet your feeling real stupid now huh
: fb is great for long(er) form and for, well, sound. makes total sense. thanks for the insight!
Just get dropped off here tomorrow, what's pjs number??
My mom said that everyone in the family might be the ones on meds but I'm really the odd one ! Lmfao (:
We close more VA loans than anyone in New Mexico. Give us a call to find out how we can help you! (505) 836-5700
RIP Jr. Seau.
...Newt calls Mitt "Obama Light" Seriously? Am I reading something into nothing? Hm.
what's going with the login situations, this is crazy! Have ya'll fixed it?
Me:"hey give me the ball." Jesus: " no it's my ball it says my name on it, see WILSON." ha
Happy Easter :) God bless u all and remember wat Jesus has done for u...
Who's still up?!
Lets go Preds.
It's so true when they say "what goes around comes around"
Agreed! RT A sense of purpose can transform the mundane into the miraculous
Congrats!!!! Don't be nervous!! You're going to do great!!
#REsort #teamfollowback #happy #timeshare #owners #free of their #ownership get #referral and make
aww, she's adorable! Makes me miss my daughter too!
Prince Fielder- 611 ft bomb--
Yes, we can customize your QR Code with graphics. Ask me how!
Lots of people at Campus Martius Park in Detroit. Great seeing so many young people & families skating and enjoying Wonderfest in the city!
Holder: filibustered noms Goodwin Liu and Caitling Halligan "are qualified great people who would serve our nation well."
Oh no! Need someone to install your new one?
Did you see part about the whiskey :)?
It should be illegal to go to work before the sun rises.
Girls that smoke >>
yo Charlie what happened to that winning last night? Me and Bosh were like two goddesses takin care of Jones, Bibby and Damp
107.9 is the most insane shit sometimes, weirdly into the bullying, assholeish tone of this 'biblical christian' bro
still experimenting w/ G+ :) trying to use it more so I can get a better feel for it.. lots of things I wish would change, but nice overall
Please take a look at the tweets I posted to concerning MicroCell and Uverse.
I kinda feel like I'm already loosing my tan. :/
yeah it was a last minute thing...my bad
so awesome to.see you at the BC!!!!!!
this nigga served me some weed with seeds. that shit dont fly in L.A.
Did you still need photos from my wedding for tanya's website?
Still the funniest line of the night "Charlie the only reason you're on tv is b/c God hates Michael J. Fox" LOL!
Hallo mahomies (: how was your day?? ^^
RT : OH: "SOA governance means getting everybody to drink the juice"
RT if you're a grad student and twitter is the closest you come to having a "social life"
yup lol I lived there when I was younger
Amazing. I mean, seven years is forever on these things. I'll let you know what I find out.
$2/pbr pounders.hot chickiepoos already here..Jakes slinging like a pro.stop down tell Jake his beard is fluffy get a pickle shot for $2.50!
Greg Paulus is proud of that Mike Miller flop.
On 11:11 I just wished that all you jaded ppl stop wishin for fame&wealth
So cool! RT Got selvedge? Totes for Just need to cut em out & add some leather...
Ask a Mexican on Wrought-Iron Fences and the Meaning of "Illegal" Dear Readers: The Mexican doesn't want to take this week off but has to
Good morning everyone, it's saturated!
Your site has a message popping up advising that it may be unsafe. What do you keep referring to?
Happy, happy Birthday, Janet! Love that its truly excellent!
Merry Christmas guys!! Miss you and hope your having a great day!!
I could not disagree with this decision more, limiting speech at funerals should not = a violation of 1st amendment.
thank you for the #FF. appreciate it.
you can follow me on twitter
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Michael Jackson was Thriller!
There's a sign on my dick & it says "help wanted". .
it is a great job, just don't want to move and then struggle financially because I am the only income until my wife finds a job
if u a female, dont say yo pussy grade a material cuz apparently you have let every nigga that breathe hit so bitch yo failed to an F
soo watd u think of my neighborhood life? Lol
How to be followed and a good quote from me!!!?:) first : follow And follow me then tweet or message me "DONE". N check:)!
Thanks for the mention!
“ Everything I'm not made me Everything I am”
follow back?:)
that's great. Where can I get one?
A week doesn't go by where I don't see something on fb makes me say "What the fuck?!?"
My boss is being really #sassy today. I love it!!
2nite its gonna be crazy inside holdin it down...arrive early!!!
"Bitties and brews kush and Coach"
RT 80% of people check their cell phones/Twitter just as soon as they wake up.
SUCK IT OSAMA BIN LADEN!!!!
The leader works in the open, and the boss in covert
We Have New Dresses!!! Over 150 new dresses arrived in the past 2 days.. So exciting!
Employees at a 99 Restaurant in Foxboro rushed to save a 73-year-old man who was having a heart attack.
Fox News asked their readers if newspaper endorsements affect their view of a political candidate. 71% answered, "No, I form my own opinion"
Omg, you do sound like Vin Diesel!!!!!!!!!
had a blast... Great to see u too! Nice pic with Carrie.. Who does ur lighting?
sounds like a sore loser there.
what's a postcard on twitter?
Channel your genius to be, do and have all that you desire. What do you want to Be?
good luck
Today's MOCA specials: Soup of the day is Tortilla Soup. Sugar Free Lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
Who owns the training function in your organization?
Little orgasm sounds coming out of your mouth when you're looking at Vinny's new photos!
I have decided, somewhat counterintuitively, to avoid caffeine until finals are over. It is my hope that this will prevent me from exploding
You can say that again RT Love makes you do silly things
so how do we do that?
remember your like in 7th grade I'm in 10th. [°0°]
Just got hired for a new job and will be building a website for the Rose Island Road marina! Exciting stuff!
I can't sleep. Ugggggggg we got skool morrow great...
Good question. I listened to it, now I'm telling everyone about it.
Baltimore's own Mark Texeira hit Yanks 2nd home run
Good morning all! It's a lovely day in my neighborhood. Looking forward to whatever comes up. Aren't you?
Woah, really? MT : 50 million Americans haven't read a book in the past 12 months. Via
need to hit the studio nolie if ppl heard my voice they would be signing me but if u dnt have the money its hard # SMH
Evelyn, shsunie, Suzie should have checked tami and told her she was wrong
Good afternoon everyone...
3 more outs to close this out and get that W
Follow another great radio station supporting local music
Lord thank you for this day .. Thank you for your continuous blessings..
Cupcake time!
Loved the dress you wore at WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner and that was a cc:
The Tigers take Game 5 and it's back to Arlington.
Report: Justice Dept. Threatens Apple, Publishers With Price-Fixing Lawsuits
I'm embarrassed that you just did that.
Hey Bro, when is your party again?
That isn't grounds for douchbaggery. If he yells, "Sox Rule!" when Bs score, that is douchey.
Well this is working out well...
you got me laughing so hard
Just updated a whole mess of grades. The rest of the papers get a chance to fly to the southernmost state in the continental US tomorrow.
Sick disturbed scum bags? Just guessing.
#GoTribe Give me a tribe....I wanna go in on em:...talk shit all day...m good at it...
We are watching your #supercommittee we demand you represent the people.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :]
Destiny's Child! lolol Beyonce!!! :D
It looks like these Amazon deals are fluctuating as the day goes on. Some deals may expire soon.
It's Ova Knick fans!
whatever owns helper droids and so do I so were effed
I hope you have a greate day! Peru loves you!
Brian, come check out pdx some time. You want to see the Mecca of green living.... This is it!
Wow, the brown line is a hot mess this morning. Delays all the way from Southport to Sedgwick...
Drinks: locally made, globally inspired. Huge congrats on by my boys & Find it at
spray painted abs
Late flight rationale: I'd struggle with two mornings that early in a row. Not enough caffeine in the world.
I'm ambivalant atm to it but slightly worried as all these lil changes could add up to a messed up overall plotline.
Hahahahahahaha! Just got done watchingg one of 's videos! Hahahaha omg remember at school ? ! Some funny shit! :)
Which crew are you rooting for this entire season? :)
We offer fast turnaround of raffle tickets or raffle books for organizations that are holding fund raising events.
My boss , just now: "There's nothing we can do right now that's painless." Friday afternoon at the office...
Unidos pot Los derechos de cot antes e immigrants...
hope your surgery is going well ! Praying for you
I try 2 stay strong but u know how it is gurl... Sometimes shit jus gets 2 ya! I appreciate ur words thank u! :)
Excited to visit on my trip to New Orleans this upcoming week.
Chris Carter starts off the 9th with a home run... 1 down 6 more to win! GO
This chick just had the oddest booty with cheetah leggings and no panties lol im shaking my head haha
SO proud of my husband for booking his 2nd film since we got back to LA. Two auditions and two books! Pretty great odds! :)
Sea Food...Shrimp...no freaking way! My food needs to moo, oink, or click!
Don't!!!! RT : I'm afraid to look at that pic
XMcorp and VEGASLOL.FM Merger! FINALIZED... THIS WILL CREATE THE LARGEST STREAMING MEDIA COMPANY ON THE WEB WITH A COMBINE REACH OF 1B
Billy would be proud.
Ahh, behold the possibilities of a new garbage bag.
me: i will heath . * then heath muisca plays'*
Ransome Reunion Band at Newark Palace Theatre rock! Really good night to celebrate twinning!
wait i already asked you huh? xD my bad, you're broke -.-
People Born With A Veil Over There Face Take A Strong Liking To Me....If U Dont Know What That Is Do Ya Research....
gave birth to a true little rockstar who did great tonight
Heading to work for another busy day
Glad to hear it Send an email with your interest and we'll be in touch.
According to : Police have safely located Jessica Salinas and her infant. Murder Suspect Edgar Salinas-Leal is still missing.
#nowreading Alistair Horne, The Price of Glory. Verdun. Dark, dark stuff
Hm. Wish I could throw our family of six and all those lemonade refills at ya! Good luck. You'll do great.
#Boise #State BCS hopes are dashed up thanks to OT loss to
i want the link :) thats crazy
ambitious girl
“: That's because u need the Mexican Siri...Seleña! Lol”
thanks dude!
"D.R.A.M.A. = Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention."
Haven't downloaded that one yet, but I'm looking forward to it. China Mieville is great.
OK, hail. This morning there was so much hail on the road I could barely see the lines. Sunshine by the time I arrived. Now more hail.
At the Cornel West speaking engagement, enjoying an insightful fellow.
Good luck at Semi-State tomorrow, marchers! Let us know how it goes!
Everyone needs to be on the lookout for 's "Musuem" which is dropping a week from today. ((Elev8TheGame))
I really can't be responsible for anything my husband says on social media. cc/
Why talj when people don't care or listen? Do you!
Nice. Doing my taxes used to be easy. Now it's complicated.
Cuz that how a Big Boss do it...Oh Yea!!
RT : Congrats on Even the Rain opening night Share some q&a highlights from actor Carlos Aduviri!...
thy pretty much how my entire day goes. I'm currently a TA got Anatomy and I'm sitting here on my iPod while they dissect cats xD
yuck & yes RT 2 weeks & no response from any1 else hate horrible customer service?
RT : Leaders who pride themselves on expertise & intelligence often struggle to acknowledge their flaws & learn from peers.
This should be fun. The National College Comedy competition is here in Portland. We're at Helium Live on KGW.
Got the best fans! Got the best crew! Got the best family<3
I see what I want...the prob is the bitches around the fly trap! I'm a bee in my trap
RT : #COMinaDay has 7 hours left! I'm really hoping someone re-enacts the Mary Tyler Moore hat toss in front of COM.
bra its only been a week bahaha but yeah that's too long lol
Lol! I love that song, too! :) “: I can't help but hum "Wells Fargo Wagon" every time I wait for the UPS man!”
Won't never do shit for anybody else until they show me they are willing to do the same for me
Yes I'm in love with you. Yes my heart's broken too. Because I can only see us in my dream.
At the dentist. They just numbed half of my mouth. And I can't stop laughing. Lol.
| Thanks for a great lunch yesterday!
/ got your groupies coming for me . . . defly cant handle your own ! CAN YOU !!!! lol
Good morning! Oh, it's Friday? Lol
I love you so much I voted a million times for you <3 I'm Gunna miss you on the voice :/ !
Yo! It's 2012. No on flights out of Denver? What gives? Flight home just went from potentially exciting to nap time.
ditto for me. Soon!
I feel like I've done some good work, but not much to show. I have articles, & I've started writing, but just a couple pgs.
Goanna take a nao then drivers Ed later(:
Heard that. Top three switch hitter of all time and did it without the roids.
Activists from #MA and across the country are in Detroit today for GE's shareholder meeting. Follow #fairshareGE for updates!
gonna get in my time machine. by time machine i mean hot tub
oh blimey yes. If only we had won that. Now have to try to beat City who are far better going forward than Chelski innit.
Excited 4 at #wmpitchit. As someone licking my wounds from a startup on hold, I hope he talks about learning from "failure"
yeah. I love him a lot<3
Smh.. So now I can't usee the word Y.O.M.O cuz it bathers people.. Lmfao.. Like wth is my life. U can't control it..
A person that truly loves you will never let you go no matter how hard the situation is.
DatPiff and Hulkshare. I'm mobile so I can't pull out any links.
Frosted flakes >>>>>
I am the captain of the 106.1 crawfish eating team. Sunday at deanies. If it is not too late, would you be interested?
Well time to start studying
TODAY & the Underdawgs LIVE at Louisiana Music Factory (210 Decatur) at 6pm.
PETS AS BOMBS: Al Qaeda bomb-maker Ibrahim al-Asiri’s life mission s… Why do Muslims mistreating their dogs?
water chestnuts
Im so bored right now, I could punch myself in the face. Um.
How long does a harp stay in tune? About twenty minutes, or until someone opens the door.
Is anyone using to document this spring's NM Primary #NM2012?
Where's he work? Y'all missed a great show!
The people in your dreams are real faces of real people you have met during your life that you may not remember.
Thanx bro..hope U r having a gr8 weekend RT : Congrats!
Morning Folks! Lets get high off somethin!
in us KMSL so player wat we should do to clean up?
I think we should also walk around in giant bubbles masking danger. RT : Lady Gaga - 'Bullying must become illegal'. Yes dear.
Can you sign my bracelet or sunglasses? :)
And while we are at it should liberalize immigration rules- welcome ppl “: US should offer asylum to Chen Guangcheng and family”
All these papers are coming through as rejects and I have to keep denying then through until I get a confirmation paper saying ok
Why is there no PloS One for the Social Sciences?? Is there any interest in such a thing?
I missed Jack White on snl... Fuck
it wouldn't be if you ever invited me on PS3 bro, lmao.
Where are you love? having HH in Texas with hot sauce?
haha okay i will and thats good to hear :)
“ Lol, she said ya'll gonna hold her back when she try to dip before the tornado come.” Lmaooo hell yeah smh
The mouth is the gate of evil. 口は禍いの元
FAD was great. That music video for what a catch is depressing though.
hm, let me guess...
Extra, extra! Read all about it! is extending until August!
have no idea where l'm going tho.
1 hour until Coach Dunn and the Women tip off against Belmont in ASun Tournament! Time to do Work!
DAMNIT AMAR'E IF YOU MISS TIME BECAUSE OF THIS...JUST...UGH.
I have no motivation.
actually I do eat.. :-) and ok.. Imma go to ur hood tomorrow night if ur not busy being a skank
“: My dude: "jesus, are u trying to blow my speakers with that new song?" Me: "Yes."”
Im in love with my bed, but my alarm clock wont let us be together.
Systems & design thinking for the new normal in economics, education & more for the next two weeks. Welcome back to the grind.
don't be it's fine.
Perfect, hol dat down for me :) RT : I was cleaning my room and I found you YEARBOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what's going on?
Kyles in my testing room :o Lol everyones here
if ur teaching the first row fans, don't forget to make sure they DO get in the way of the opposing team... (i.e. the d-bags fan)
Hence why I put Co-.
Up the hill a little bit, to a bigger space without leftover dental equipment. Still in Pasadena. And yes you are invited!
heyheyhey i love you guys <3 wanna be my best friends ?? <3 im crushin on chirs ;/
Studying can be draining, but break is almost here! Good luck on finals everyone
Yeah! Some days I feel like I'm right on the edge of that... Instead of feeling good about what I do I feel like I didn't do enough!
Refs are letting them play in the SuperDome tonight. UK v. kU a blue battle
I can imagine! But I'm sure you can find a community of people interested in acting just like you. (:
"A great library contains the diary of the human race." — Address on Opening the Birmingham Free #Library, George Mercer Dawson
Just switched my Auto to Between and Journey marketing campaigns, it was inevitable.
Enjoying some one-on-one time with the staff of Wichita Ob-Gyn Associates this morning.
suh has to get at worst 3 games no pay
I drew that of a couple days ago.
You finished it! I want to read it too when I get a chance. I gave it to my niece for Xmas 2010.
Without JESUS, I would be on a path to destruction. ♥
It's gonna be an expensive day
omg you do?? thats te first time i have ever heard that from a boy. you guys are too sweet and you make me smile
great video!
She's fun,but not as useful as she appeared at first glance. I got maximum mileage from including her in my punisher deck
looking to get into the Christmas spirit? come to the PCO concert tonight w/Peabody-Hopkins Chorus feat. Bach & Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker 8pm
CANT FUNCTION
Trying to find a way, or a golden nugget, to incentivize faculty to make relevant decisions on blending tech into teaching. Money? Awards?
Pretty sure Marcum has pitched himself out of the WS starting rotation. Geez, can he get anyone out?
Tuesdays were so great this season! Thank you to our live hosts and Candice Brain, and to our crew!
He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand but the hand of the diligent maketh rich.
If one sychronized swimmer drowns do the rest all have to drown too?
Can't believe take a look at me now is number one on the Get Hot 30 chart. Thailand goes hard! -- Greyson Chance ()
cant wait for brand new MEST to come out... Been a while!!!
In written statement, said Mourdock needs to support bipartisanship to accomplish anything as legislator
depending on the body language
Eating Oreos.
Finally getting my hair done :))
Embarking on a snowy city hiking adventure. Scheduled stops: Cheesman Park, , City Park, food on 17th.
Learning to resist stress, pt. 2.
finally read your latest blog post. You deserve to be the best Yoni you can be. We will all surely benefit from the "next release."
Community + Enthusiasm + Tremendous Value = What ever you want in Life
It has everything--technologies of display, South Africa, and a ridiculous name!
"Stupid people are boring"
cant' wait until brings his Double Double to Kentucky. Look forward to that day. Until then stay healthy and work hard
Ok. I'm ready are you?
The major android mobile phone accessories :-
Brad Hand gives up his first hit in the 5th
he's making himself look like a loser
Follow me on Twitter (:
Big Thanks and HUGE WELCOME to Lauren DiMarco! She joined the Skulk this week! <3
definitely Mozarts, but will have to really put it to the test when I move there - will be frequenting Austin Java too
yes indeed. I needed a great concert workout. #insanity with
Cushman Wakefield Thalheimer, Faison and Southeast Apartment advisors all hiring; salaries are higher for acct/analyst than expected.
Chatted with a few special people today! Loved it! Hope your enjoying the holidays! I'm sharing time with my hubby! LOVE HIM!...
Shredding my bracket now. Thanks Mizzou. Singing: When 15 beats a 2 and it's me whom they screw, that's Missourrrriiii.
Text G5 to 22442 to vote Kris Boyd's goal as Goal of the Week!!!
Time's Person of the Year drum roll please....... Bernanke
Get the good stuff. and are all available for your lunchtime delivery.
Transcoding, syncing sound, looking for post crew. Have 4 scenes edited so far! Woo Hoo!!
...about to do the ING half in Atlanta in a couple of hours
Becareful. They will block you...I guess they didn't want to play with me...
Any time! great read!
Merry Christmas to you and yours!
Just found out my MOM is reading shades of grey.
Did you know IE7-8 supported :first-child, but not :last-child? Last-child is finally supported in IE9.
Sounds great! Will do.
True dat! RT : getting to go to the group run is my valentines day gift. What more could a guy ask for?
great movie
thanks girl! It was great!
good morning Juicy
All this fame for me. About freaking time.
Kudos to Nick and Anaheim North for making good out of a poor situation. First class!
floating. Pool, lake, river, or ocean will do.
nycfurby its not macros, i literally cant let lp+lk be throw, or mp+mk be focus. it wont let me set 2 buttons to it. it wants just 1.
RT : No matter budget, consistent output & producing as good (or better than) your customer expected will
Congratulations to Robinson Cano, the second Yankee not on steroids to win the Home Run Derby.
YES! RT look of disgust on 's face when one of the judges gave a critical remark about Driver was priceless.
Blink 182, I thought you already had a final tour! What, am I sayin, they need some kind of retirement plan!
Definetely had to be reminded that I puked last night.
Portland Police: Man in officer-involved shooting near Pioneer Place this morning is dead. No officers injured. Man was armed.
I'm on your side all the way!
Should I start writing in a journal since I don't have a laptop to travel with? Probably
fell in sand & got it stuck to him xDDD
A man may fulfill the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer or attempting a task he cannot achieve.
Happy Birthday Phil! RT : #FF & Happy Birthday to an awesome chap, !!
Watching the Knicks and Hawks!
too funny, i'd like a pic of that sir. goggle goggles is a facial recognition app. c:
that means I'm comin over
Maybe they're an anti. I don't understand why anyone who was a fan of U-KISS would insult other kiss mes like that.
it'd be cool if they did. maybe I'd be able to hear it if i turn off my fans and my music and listen REAL close...?
How Yu Like That ? :p .
"you know in the league, a left handed pitcher at SS during BP would get fined 2 grand"
wow! Very nice!
Leaving Toronto and its just starting to rain. Seems like life is getting back in sync.
Its gonna be weird next year without all my old friends around :/
you're so lucky!<3 I'm happy for you. (:
CONGRATULATIONS!!!! I can't wait to meet that lil cutie!!
you make me so proud! I knew you had a hidden talent. #miss burp
Oh, cool.
what? :D
Goodnight :o tired as fuck!
Thanks so much for the wonderful deluge of birthday well wishes! xoxox It was so nice to hear from all of you! :D
Is a sweet girl! Stop The Hate!
Better take that whack shit to WYCO!
Here's my facebook page. Someone told me this is the cool, happening new thing to do, so here goes.
What I love is that all three girls are naturals on stage! They are all so comfortable! :)
I became a producer of the #LemonadeDetroit project as a tribute to the memory of #DavidBlair. His contribution to the film was inspiring!
I prefer plain old #JavaScript over #jQuery. I'm curious how common this is amongst coders?
BTW, the #obau / #osf media team is on our way to #chicago. On the bus now!
BEDROOM SETS $ 795- Q BED+DRESSER+MIRROR+1 N/STAND !!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
no, that's not emilio you're looking at, it's his disgusting drug addicted brother charlie, lol.
yeah he sounded a bit rusty tonight. Perhaps, my love can fix that.
Being barefoot >>>>>
making home-made tomatillo soup for lunch. be jealous.
what up
Thanks, Kevin!
LOVE my new Mac Book Pro too, it's the BEST!! I don't think I can ever go back to a PC :o)
dude I want to cos chemistry makes me want to commit :p
#FF Have a wonderful weekend!
Pink berry is pretty aggressive.
Well fought game Panthers! Panthers split 1-1 tie with Marquette
wow same here
Campus is downright spooky today, it's so quiet. What are your summer plans?
Puppy Day will occur during first period, report to first period for attendance and you will then be called down.
Errands with miss amanda.
RT Woke up wit a smile on my face(:
has some advice for America's #unemployed: there's always work available 4 moving statues!
Not generally 1 for mailing lists, I love being on the 1 for I love free undies coupons in the mail & bday undies.
wow nice! “: Someone in the neighborhood is practicing cello. decided to spend the evening on the deck with glass of wine, reading
Our phone bank team reports many "yes" commitments for Otis. And people are calling their friends. Will you do the same? We can win!
im in such a bad mood, i want to live with my aunt holly, fuck everyone here.
Tune into TiffinBeats Radio This Saturday for a Special Guests on our Show, Guess who? =]
What is your best method for memorizing copy? Sides? Speeches etc.?
that's right!
Big online tournament for gears of war 3 coming up in june. America vs europe, duking it out for 5gs in the top 4. Long live GEARS OF WAR!!!
So great! I bet you are ready, clumsy feet and all. Good luck my friend.
Ran into Nick Sgambelluri, one of my old classmates this morning coming into the office. It is awesome to see fellow classmates kicking ass.
i will(:
Woohoo what is this sexy new book that came in the mail? Could it be Writers in Retrospect?
dammit. Still that doesn't quite have the feature set I was thinking about.
Movies during class >
Stay up till 3am packing last night - and I think we're almost done hahahhaa jk jk
Sin is everything that Jesus is not.
I hope the Golden Globes bar is good because the stuff at the tables never looks like something I'd want.
#GWU, Lower prices for chicken wings at the metro diner! Now get 7 wings for only $6.49
(sigh), well, I GUESS, if you're twisting our arms...
well I'm missing London! Come out and say hi!
thanks for the follow! I love to read and review YA so I hope you enjoy the reviews.
worth noting however that Hy-Vee, Community Pharmacy also have similar programs. I refer to them whenever possible!
that's fucking nasty
I know it's difficult. I've been single for 2 years but I'm not giving up. Don't let anyone bring you down cuz you're strong
who are these friends that don't go with you to Caps games?
thanx & for the follow- have a fantastic day!
I WisH soulja A Follow Me Back
lol its true
Thanks for watching. When are you in Miami again?
Think like a man.. Love my women! .... She gives it to me so good
Goin to hit ramps with dangler
Bishes marry football/basketball players 4 that lifestyle & then want 2take a brotha 2court 2get paid when tha man no longer want their ass!
I have fine hair, so I try to keep as much up there as possible. Ha ha ha
#NoManShouldEver watch Twilight
So close yet so far away.
thank u...lol
thanks for tweets this week!
did you tell her?
I always miss the nice people. Sue me.
RT- u got haters, good that means u stood up for something in life-Eminem
Love you so much!!! You're so cute!!! Please follow<3333
ah have fun!!!! Can't wait for our
If a tree falls in the woods is there someone to take offense and blame it on the other political party?
Sprained my ankle. Missed it. SO BUMMED!!!!! See y'all on Monday though!
$24 gets you one month of unlimited group mat pilates, yoga & cardio classes at East Village Body Shop @ www.buywithme.com on 8/18/2011!
I tanned to a ashy brown, but the bottle said it would be light golden. WTF?! Last time I check this is not golden
not you c:
pumping iron haha
goodmorning(: why r u up so early?
Both are key. RT : Re: New FB brand pages: "Social proof is key to winning new customers and increasing loyalty."
That's pretty damn sad!
What was the name of the space you were talking about Columbus, OH?
Cheers for Carnival Of Rust....beautiful!!!
will be hanging out tonight to see
In this year's drafts thats not a terrible idea, even Arian Foster and AP aren't real standouts versus Charles, Rice.
What many do not realize many of these crimes have the potential to be felonies.
not to mention the "fashion"
Good morning!
ey mam I got money for Friday already so try to give ur sat
goodmorning every1! I u 43ver in life never forget bout me ~mahomie4everinlife~ I luv u 
w00t!! We work fast around here:-)
I need a charger y'all! HOOK ME UP WIFF ONE !
when in doubt, have a martini.
Holy Cow! I'm 36 tweets from 40k?
My fellow teacher just gave me a Argentinian comic book called Condorito de Oro.
Just saw video of me in postal worker outfit 's stamp out hunger event. Look like that character from "Cheers". Sadly,Norm.
I am at the Education Revolution Conference with Mike Chalupa in Portland.
“ It takes a lot of EFFORTS to make people LIKE you, but it takes only 1 single mistake for them to HATE you”
Haha yes! You have to show that you've been raised by a King and Queen to be Prince charming :)
I won't be at Internet Librarian for 2012 but probably in 2013.
Yeah...as much as i love that stuff, I can't look at it. Get so filled with envy that I can't stand it! Not healthy...!
I believe in his Method-esque devotion to a 'role'. This would be a more long term one, but a role none the less.
call Rodney lol
Money comes from people. When you have the right people skills, you'll succeed beyond your wildest imagination!
Jus walked outside n got attacked by a highly poisonous greenish grayish brownish southern battle toad. But i shook him.
I NEED WEED.
Tomorrow at work is going to be rough but so worth it
my mom is okay with it cus she's a directioner but the problem is my dad :/! i hope i'll go
I miss hearing your southern twang whilst you are drunk on mic. So tonight I will speak in your accent while drunk <3
That was a long day
Wow that's a lot of stretch!
Great chat with AN AMAZING individual, check out the latest from the spring collection!!
“: soo many concerts and soo little money. le sigh. fangirl problems :l”
Count me in!
Thank you--so glad to hear your dinner went well.
I Couldn't Stay After, I'm Way Too Tired. 😞
Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light. ~ Helen Keller
I bet people who back into parking spots are the sort of people who like to over-complicate everything.
Jamin to Justin bieber with and
Never ever. RT : Usher's Confessions CD will never get old.
repeat for bout a hour
#GossipGirl I'm so happy my guilty pleasure is BACK! If it's wrong to love this show I don't want to be right!
“: FiGHT DAY is my favorite day man. Psyched for this one!! Thanx WTF would I do with out you guys!” let's go Bones!
I feel single but in a relationship is that normal ? lol
The #Heat have there eyes on a PG, Jarrett Jack & Daniel Gibson look perfect #NBA please SUBSCRIBE to www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87
okay, was gonna retweet this but you have the dumb thing locked
Home with my Honey & no kids! Wow, will miss them later...(!) God Bless Nanna for watching them -
It is highly probable that I will fall asleep sitting up today.
Does anyone even realize I'm online..?
lol so now she wants to fight me outside of school. greeeaaaattt, im not looking for another fight, this one wasn't even supposed to happen
Pettitte had allowed several times during 08 congressional deposition he might have misunderstood
Join us for this free webinar with Dan Zarrella, social media and viral marketing scientist and author of The Social Media Marketing Book
Be sure to follow our friends They want to promote indie flicks, bringing film fans the news they WANT!
Exited for covering tomorrow! Now only if was hosting those too!!
many many thanks for last night! Crowd fine ;) much fun had. Meeting up would be ace. Wanna join ? x cc
Liked Limitless, very cool
yeah we usually stop growing at around that lol
There is a midget winning on wheel of fortune. I keep laughing about that.
The Wonder Years was my show...can netflix get any better?
#AAS3rdcentury Glad I'm not the only one.
Why do they talk so much at graduations?! Sheesh😳
thank you for absolutely killing it!
Not my words I just picked 'em up off paper & spoke 'em. ;-) Read was a way 2 exercise delivery/interpretation of script.
But "Falling Slowly" is THE best. Pandora is doing you a favor putting it on repeat :)
Reading "Fat Girl" by Judith Moore, a memoir by someone who openly mostly hated herself. Postscript says she died right after publishing it.
Be so good at what you do that you always have the option to go down the road
fell off the curb leaving campus tonight. huge cut in my hand and scraped my knee and hit my head blah
Home...dress should be here by tomorrow :)...hmm what to do now?!?
I think the panel needs a young female college/HS student to hear about the real story of cyberstalking
I think you just answered your own question there
I got a free PBR from the Hot Rails by way of Ted's Beer Delivery Service. Thanks!
I am wearing a tank top today. I LOVE San Diego!
When a train goes through a tunnel and it gets dark, you dont throw away your ticket and jump off. You sit still and trust the engineer.
The best thing about #sytycd tonight? as a guest judge. LOVE.
Remember, the things He did 2000 years ago, He is still doing. He never changes!! www.imawitness.com
My friends are crazy talented. Just sayin.
Wait I thought that was Thelma & Louise ==> I think that's one you love or hate. For me, the car going off the cliff sealed it
guess Wat......? I took a poop n it felt GOOD..! Lol
AWFUL!! “: #LiesThatAlwaysWorked Naw Boo, that's just my friend. They like a brother/sister to me....”
*audible groan*
it means you're going to have a beard. It'll be white and bushy and all the kids are going to try and sit on your lap.
Makes me miss London. Have a great day!
RT : The SD Museum Council is following our lead & offering FREE admission to kids 12 & under at 24 museums in...
Is so ready
: we gotta movement popping in mesa
Nobody throws away my fucking Eddies. It's like crack to me and I'm going through withdrawals now
#Follow Me ^_^
Clayton Kershaw will receive his CY Young award tonight.
you are adorable in your little graduation outfit. AND THE TEARS STREAM DOWN MY FACE!!!
My head hurts. :'(
Sandusky is a creepy guy
yes sir, noone will ever understand our relationship ever again
Do you work tomorrow? I was gonna see if you could cover my shift? Or switch shifts?
Spending the day indoors and #amreading Nicolas Guillen.
hard not to imagine what an experienced lineup would have put up by now- 7-8 runs at least.
That guy is wrong about EVERYTHING. Don't these people know about second opinions?
Anyone wanna come over and put my comforter back in the duvet cover? *shaking fist*
Lord let your anointing fall fresh upon us...
Fuck I'm still up and I've gota wake up at 11
Looking for somewhere to go tonight..... HELP
I'm glad your ok Hazza.we all know ur strong and at some point it happens to all singers. We love you! You guys were great!
Happy Friday everyone, have a great weekend!
No, it does not :)
best hangover musicc
Uniforms strolling, Blue Angels screaming. Must be Fleet Week in S.F.
“: WTF is that!” The spot!!! Thurs-sun say Jm at the door they'll hook u up. Want me to pick u up at airport? 🏢✈🌆
Could you please re-post but with our new handle ? Thanks!
That sounds yummy!
I've lived in the hood all my life but a stranger to the finer thangs!
If you're not famliar with Brio, know this: it is the worst and most useless reporting tool known to mankind. P.S. I hate Brio
I am almost all yellow, with red thrown in for good measure.
RT : "You can tweet but not text me back?!" STFU they don't want to talk to you.
Schools almost out = weekend mine :)
My eyes hurting -__-
As Cramer liked to say, "the cat's outta the baaagggg."
Don't worry. Im sure as soon as u post those songs on youtube a producer will come running @ ur door :-)
#theolddays nick tv "figure it out"
THATS WHY I LIKE IT
Stoked to go pay 5 dollars to park at the gym thats a pain in the ass to get to. Really pumps me up.
I watch young and the restless so I could care less about the brett favre saga!
last day of classes tomorrow
"Big shot. Huge shot." Stevens on Andrew Smith's three
of course, it was all aboot the prOcess
I had a ham an cheese sandwich yum ^^
RT : Please don’t buy my novels til you read free sample chps 1st! Not the trad epic fantasy so it might not be your cup of tea.
Who is watching the NFL Draft?! Who do you think the #Niners #49ers will pick?!
Thanks, Troopswap for the wonderful deal to Urban Evolution in Alexandra. My son is here having a wonderful time. What a great deal!
Morning training sessions complete ! Time to put some food in this stomach! 🍴
No android app?
Only a few more days left of #DiningWkMke! Don't forget to fill out a survey to win more than $1,000 in dining certificates.
lol. who u going in on over their ?
bah…I hadn't gotten TwitterSpammed in WEEKS but it seems like the slutbots are out in full force again :-/
Tweet Me Maybe?ILY♡U MeanTheWorldToMe!
My life? Justin Bieber. My inspiration? Justin Bieber. My world? Justin Bieber. My everything ? Justin Bieber.
Even labor leaders like said every signature should be counted. MC would have paid for it.
lol oops My bad. N I want too! 😔
"Like Justin Bieber"? NEVER HEARD THAT.
Enjoy London. Appreciate your tweet. :)
Is Adam Mayes dead or not? Stop playing news media.
Phenomenal game
I like to think of him as the Emeril of academia. But Trump is good too.
Mets will finish last this season, David Wright will be traded sometime in June, Mets dont have pitching to win a College WS
On a quest to find garden boots for the boy...where to find?
#TheLayover #Pose send it!
Crinoline &amp; Tweed: We hope you loved Linked!
Just saw The Help and it was amazing. I highly recommend it.
what you doing for Halloween? How is the paranormal society going?
Junior Seau now has the same pulse rate as Norv Turner
Sometimes I really hate my life
Get These 3 Stocks for Less than What Insiders Paid : Forex Trading ...
Good point : Interesting to see significant drop in nuclear activity during Clinton's first 6 years
Getting harder not to explode...
Hey yogurt, if you're so cultured, how come I never see you at the opera?
Friends come and go but just know that God will always be there for you no matter what .
I'm not sure why but I find the "rossi meet rossi" pic adorable
morning austin!<3 more like evening in ireland! Lol your starting your day and I'm ending mine! Lol
#ohwow is awesome!
So glad u loved City Tavern! Please write a review on so others can read what you thought.
YES!! lol that is so good to hear lol
Wonder what would have happened if the game had been officiated by competent referees? We may have still lost, but maybe not.
Fantastic news -- congratulations!!
Uploading a new beat to soundclick called "Lay U Down"
Crazy how the difference in a good or bad homemade taco is if you have leftover taco bell sauce
damn, this thing automatically unfollows people who don't follow me anymore, awesome.
“: How was everyone's day” Great! How about yours?(:
MY BACK HURTS SO BAD!!...im finna cry, its been almost 3 days
The dog whisperer
So honored when favorites one of my tweets
Had strange dream that and and I were trapped in a maze and they left me behind to die. I need to stop watching
That's the question. There's some concern that pixel-based fonts are bad for responsive design. We'll need to ask
That was cool, haha. Sleep tight!
how wonderful!
Just got back from CES and I am on electronics overload!!! But oh so cool stuff!!!
they didn't officially retire Bo's until 92...after he finished his degree.
will you be live-tweeting all the museum/scienceyness at NYCCSSE tmrw?
OH: "Now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever wanted to lick a battery."
im gonna bee there ;D
i love my sister she's the best sister EVER!!!!!!!! ♥ - you been hacked, yo :)
is more than just some rapper to me. He is my world and I honestly will never stop supporting him
I would rather exercise than read a newspaper
At best, all Jez ever was, IMO, was junk-food feminism. Personally, I don't think we're in any state to eat that junk right now.
At Taco MAC with the Big homie !
Thanks to fans in #Finland, #Singapore, #Norway, #Germany, #Spain, #SaudiArabia, #Turkey, #Malaysia!! cc
Thanks for re-following us ;)
take me w/ you!!!": Ok on my way to LILLE, FRANCE"
LOL...We all do what we gotta do!
GSOC: 15 min to the A championship game between Washington and Lowell. The Cardinals have not lost against a league opponent this season.
Interested in our #soccer tournament? To reserve your spot, please contact Julian Otero at 305.726.4032. June 25-26.
Lol RT ": "Dude that song is old".... Well so is your mom but you still listen to her."
OST Perm has a full time spot in Westborough, Mass for a Jr. .Net Developer. Great way to start a career. #ASP.net #perm…http://
Happy Birthday to my Papa! :) and Happy Easter to everyone else! :))
me too!
please could i get a follow for my birthday?<3 it would mean the world to me<3333
HOUSE: 3 bed, 1 bath, living room, dining area. All windows. Englewood, NJ - Million dollars homes - you? $1950/m
that was a "gloves on" analysis. Mine: Danica Patrick & Jillian Michaels can too!
No doubt! I grew up in NMB so I remember the early days. Always amazed at how much the mall has grown.
What?! It's National Chocolate Chip Day?! Who wants to bring us cookies?!
Alice Hoffman speaking now @ Tucson Festival of Books.
Hi, I don't know you, but do you work on monday or tuesday?!
my phone is so jank.
ha! That would not surprise me. Happy Easter :)
Yesterday you cannot alter, but your reaction to yesterday you can
i hurt my knee really really bad and i cant come tonight :( worse day ever. </3
thats sick! its not bad enough that she has never supported the troops but to actually pretend to be disabled its sickening!
- Great. Come in to visit our West Bloomfield location. Right around the corner from you.
:( bleh! I'm broke too!
Thank you!
150 million broadband grant just announced for Maryland
You at the Michigan football meetup? RockitChicago tweeted the Hoke is there and I saw you're drunk already.
As the sun rises in the morning the urge to succeed in the day becomes greater, ensure you have a daily plan of action to reach your goals
wish I had that self control. Cookies=in the oven right now.
Haha, well two days if I want it to say Matthew. LOL. My hubbys bday is today! I was late to the game on deciding on cake tho.
I'm on the Touch pad right now. It's awesome! Woo! :-)
Fire safety: keep candles out of the reach of children & pets.
take my spot at the top, and I aint looking back.
I need new shoes like no other.
great to see you at the Spectrum Awards last week!
“: Can we finally end the talk of Artest being able to guard KD? This ain't 3 years ago”
They're getting on my nerves already...
Terry Pluto: "the tribe knows Johnny Damon can't throw" Perfect
Rocked track workout w/last American woman to win Boston&Chicago Mara., 2 African runners, man w/his dog, old guy w/NO track etiquitte.
app that famm
Good morning Twitter-Twitter land!
#BBW #Nia needs to stop with that fake brooklyn accent...cause I'm not here for it....
Wanna send me in a full on panic attack...make me watch any of the final destination movies
not yet but it should be... Weather forecasters never get it right
Don't let me catch you slipping boi.
no, back in the ofc in pali now. sad face.
Hey Sam! I played the Noodle about 10 years ago but nothing lately Maybe I should give them a call Best to you VOo
well, not crazy but sheer boredom YES. Plus no food in the house. All this after a 12 hour car trip yesterday. wowww. uh oh baby is crying..
I just want to throw my phone away, find out who is really there for me~
Lucifer Clinton looks terrible.
Hey Stephanie, hope all is well! Looking for a local celeb to do a PSA for - Do u know anyone who can help?
you're 16. stop having kids and getting engaged. just be your age and have fun. go fucking party and get in trouble while you can
I know! I love Eleni amd Marrah so much, they're funny as hell!
AH the look so ADORaBLE !!!!
Will keep her in my thoughts.
J.K. Rowling to Write a New Novel for Adults
Joining NACUA in Seattle for the CLE workshop this week? Consider signing up for a small group dinner - a great way to meet colleagues!
Show starts at 6, at The trocadero center 12$ with us, from outside and many more, this saterday. Don't miss it!
Q4: #Germany has many famous castles. What’s your travel fairy tale include?
Your My Inspiration Vinny !! <3 Who Run The World ? GRANDerz !! :)
Dnt you hate when you gta quit...ughh I didnt get ta finish! :/
importance of education
The "Obama phone" lmaoooo #memories whheeewwww
What is one mistake you witness #leaders making more frequently than others?
awful get ready to be shutout
A very Merry Christmas!! RT : Chips with Guacamole and a Budlite lol
hope you have a very merry christmas!
u r about to experience the most exciting fun night of ur life! :D
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions. -Naguib Mahfouz
Plays his own material usually. Covers are known to happen during live performances, usually blues or other rock standards.
I'd love to see a snip.it collection from you on education
Along with the little bunny, you're having a great night :)
It's my middle name.
The number of people not in the workforce has shot up to over 88 million - highest on record..... Obama Regime cooking the books.
On tht possession Cal literally made Eloy go stand in the corner and get out of the way.
is go to guy on UK Government Open Standards Consultation
everyone is Irish on St. Pats Day
Let's go #orioles !!
Thank you for the follow! Love the Hamburger necklace and connect the dot cuff! Great designs! xo
Its Thick As Fuccccccck Up Here Im Pissssssssssed !
If you love unique and insightful radio how could you not love WPFW? We just finished up a show interviewing Chief Cathy L. Lanier
I swear to God Khalil sound exactly like Chris Brown 😱☺
My Christmas packages showed up today!
i hope you weren't thinking the were chanting laur-a.
Thank you and same here!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Is "I love you" unless you like or
Things going more like I thought they would now.
Happy hump day! Get err done!
Don't knock it til' you've tried it ;)
Yeah thats true. Femalescan be nasty today i tell ya
I got that fuckin ungrounded swag.
Wait, when did the Indians get Johnny Damon?!?
We have 35 million laws, trying to enforce 10 Commandments.
giants look good.
Bayside has the best fireworks show! Miami Rocks!
If I showed up to your front door carrying spoons with devil faces on them what would you do?
congratulations, Sally! What a good way to start!
#khan is just about a student choosing to learn something. They control it. It's just a on demand lecture. Nothing more.
what might that be? =p
and I'm sure urs r black as hell Lmao
holy shit... that was a huge bitch!!!!
Just heard "Tonight's the night" by Rod Stewart. Now I'm gonna have sex with you. Brb.
Uhh Lowis, can ya get me a beer?
#NP What's Beef -Notorious B.I.G. "Make my name taste like ass when you speak it!" I hate it when ppl make my name taste like ass
Just had a gust of 41mph on the sensor at Alpenrose!
yes im serious the pic is the proove
More Green Day shows go on sale this weekend
> old people
calling in the big guns...Dad.
Smack her on the ass and bounce that ass bitch
god, work is so slooooowww, I am bored out of my mind o.0
why doesn't anything ever work out for me? tired of rejection and disappointment.
At an average salary of $1.83 an hour, I don't doubt that.
Yeah I go to church not just on Sunday's, and listen to Christian music.I read the bible and pray every night. So what? Im not ashamed.
love you boo!!! Enjoy the storm
city fan and your just looking for your next pay check already. good luck on round abouts on the nba. this your 5 team already?
Hope you hit us up when you decide to frame that jersey!
not using translate, but it is 'I have a friend called Amy, she is crazy' Am I right??;D
great time at #nets game tonight with
Slow run, but after two weeks off, felt good. I just finished a 4.13 mi run with a pace of 11'56"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
looking forward to having a cold Widmer beer on the South End Deck in 2011..........
Le cordon bleu commercials are so cheesy lolol
please tell Vinnie and Gotter that Ethan says hi
Received my first ever genuine spam message via LinkedIn. In case you were curious, it was a message promoting a small cap stock.
how u like it out there
It isn't going to b a gud day today.. I hav to long of a day to b dealing wit bullshit.. get ur shit together its not tht hard Ugh
be jiggling at the wrong moments
Oh another thing, quit acting like you can boss them around & tell them what to do. Don't think your name is mom or dad
So sad to have to leave early. Looking forward to hearing the results of the roundtable discussions!
my bath was nice, now laying down under my fan, my head hurt
if the Doosh was a screw, he'd be self-tapping
My ass needs to go to bed.
Just landed at LAX. It always feels good to be in LA
Cleveland film festival here we come
How's your week going? Just stumbled upon some elf stuff on Pinterest and thought of you
Morning: Don't want to get out of bed. Night: Don't want to go to bed.
I just would have no idea what to get. Isiah 41:10 is a really good verse.
Waiting for John Mayer to come out on ellen. The man can be a jerk but his music is heaven.
OMG- I woke up this morning and forgot how to drive
You better live every day like it's your last day, because one day you're going to be right. ~ Ray Charles
Lol your welcome
n wat u gon do I ain't scared of yo punk ass
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise! PC is here to help!
haha words cannot begin to describe.
Kids painting pots
Content management course + #MCDM = ? Inquiring Content Strategists want to know...
STOP THAT! COME ON BROXTON!
Call 253.218.6107 for details! Clear is now offering a discount on new modems!
Ideas are worthless without action. Today I take inspired action on my ideas.
look in to my eyes tell me what you see
Need something tasty this afternoon? Quench your thirst at McDonald’s where Any Size Soft Drink or Tea is just $1!
can I have a shutout please?(:
we wanna see some pictures of your trip, please
Nice Seeing You And Your Mom Saturday! See You Soon! (:
3 hour chem review ... A piece of me is dying every minute that passes
RETWEETS are always deeply appreciated.
"Wake up" Florida!
Congrats on the Sweep & your 7th BOMB in the last 10 Games!!
RT highlights the importance of WCCF work on #ECE obesity prevention to promote
In the meantime, check your mailbox next week!
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<314
"If ya smell what the rock is cookin" never gets old
haley uses self tanner??
Yep, it was bread. Her performance was brilliant. Highlight of the night, for sure! ;-)
Hope you enjoy #NAB2012!
we can help you print including oversized printing.
The 4 week moving average of initial claims for unemployment insurance fell 0.6% in the week ended June 4,U.S. Department of Labor announced
oh yes! Duh I forgot! lol I watched a little bit of that
India? Sounds cool! yeah. I'm downloading it from a private link. I'll show u when I get back.
Hey how's it going..?
#Aries are easily seduced if you let them think they have all the control in the bedroom. Let them lead the way & they will plz u to no end!
how's the office been. We need to talk about where we are meeting up for the color run.
She is going to hell i am not trying to be mean read a bible it is in there
Watching Valentine's Day, on Valentine's Day. <3
goodnight tweeters
given a choice between grief and MXF OP1a, I will take grief.
President Obama has clinched the Democratic nomination #thisisnewshow?
Pacquiao vs. Marquez: Will Win Earn Dinamita Rematch with Floyd ...
with all of the wrong picks you made this year, how the hell are you making money anywhere?
QOTD: What is your favorite song?
It's my time!
RT : A sale is not something you pursue, it is something that happens to you while you are immersed in serving your customer!
Day 54 of 100: I am thankful for getting organized
We spend $19 million a year on utilities. Dollars that can be used for teachers
All my exes live in Texas like I'm George Strait
Ur an ignorant MORON. Leave the country. #WorldPeace? What a JOKE! Go
“: potential No. 1-” I thought Arroyo was out #1??
fantasy football culture. box score readers...
together. Hm? All the ppl who hated on her would regret it.
ha...sometimes your comments are so predictable. #bittermuch?
Thanks much.
I see one of my productions on there too.
me too, fox is doing a piss poor job, its insulting
Please re-tweet to all your friends at JazzFest - we just kicked it off at DBA on Frenchmen, come on & join us!
Took a good nap. Now gonna go celebrate a birthday with the family.
Sure hope Jerry Moss didn't just jump the shark! Let's go #Hawks!
maddie fav all my tweets please they need lovin'
Pass the word! Please retweet, if you see something interesting. We want to let as many people know about this #free #event as possible.
success is the best revenge ~Kanye West
Not now chief, I'm in the zone
SALUDOS <<<My new favorite actress
LMAO C: YES
Anytime brother. Hopefully I'll see u at
We've just reached 9K likes on our facebook and we'd just like to thank all of our friends & fans for the support! Come talk with us!
Don't try coming at me like that . I will bite your head off .
you're welcome!
Congrats! - dreams becoming reality
Love the #denim brand selection on Frustrated that I can't filter by size.
I've been a Keurig guy for years. Recently got a Dolce Gusto machine (only because it was so cheap) for the cappuccinos & such
Accidentally breaking something while angry might be the most humiliating/humbling feeling ever. Also the most &$@#%&$€ annoying.
It's not too late! There are still venues available for your Holiday Party! Call 503.492.2777 & chat w/ a Sales Coordiantor for more info
good luck!
Well hell...
We gotta kick it soon
toss me a follow shout out man. Your music is tight homie.
In #SocialMedia #ContentMarketing either write something worth reading or do something worth writing about. #Quote Benjamin Franklin
PLEASE pick me for the 12 in 12 contest!!!! ah it would be so amazing!
#OWS | To all OWS protesters do not get mesmerized by #NoNATO; #NATO is the belligerent arm enforcer for the 1%. PPL hold the power & Tax $.
Just saw the cutest coyote. It's eyes glowed. The just bounced along in the dark. So cute!!!!
Gerard Depardieu urinates inside the plane??? Hey, when you gotta go you gotta go!! LOL..
Glad you liked the Postup Donja Banda! It's 100% Plavac Mali, aged 24mo in Oak and another 24mo in bottle.
too adorable ;)
I'm Closer Where I started, I'm Chasing after you. Standing here until You Make Me Move Just hanging by a Moment here with you.
learning how to clean screens today
Ppl get on mah mutha fuckin nerves!!! Prime reason I don't fuck with many people.... Ppl be on to.much BS...
Got my retainer this morning and my mouth is rely sore. And i obviously dont kno how to speak. Ugh.
The word 'Atomic' doesn't get get used enough any more.
because apparently we follow almost 900 people and i didn't see them!
Brainstorming duet ideas.. What do you want to hear?
California Emissions: Its a NEW CODE!! Invoking Bob Barker always works. : Okay folks, surprise contest: write me a bet...
SIGH what an appropriate name, COLD calling. hm.
Forever family: Michigan Adoption Day is final step for 145 in state - Lansing State Journal
I just got my products! Woot Hoot! Time for the party to begin. Look out size 6, here I come!
Jonas Fans Love Mama Jonas
Two full days without energy drinks or coffee, this is going to be fun... let's see if I can make it another 25 days!
