*** in his underwear.
my kids were asking why you got "rejected" last night. Seemed like a quick hook. Go get 'em today we'll be watching on Fox!
I'm confused!
RT : I've been holding my tongue on a "beer concert festival could fund full-day kindergarten/school busing" tweet.
gl today, 3 way chop ;)
U can't be a real nigga if u hang wth pussy niggas.....
If you believe it, you will achieve it 💛
Cry me a river, dude. Conservatives love playing the victim.
SAME HERE OMG
Hope you had an awesome week! How was Mahler 1?
yeah people suck 😭
OHMIIIGODDD!! The Cheesecake Factory..so many calories...so much food :)
I miss my big brother
Thinking of booking a flight to Miami for my mom as a Mothers Day gift..
I wish I could teach the Death and Maiden quartet every single day. If the students don't love it, I will cry, and then berate.
A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing, but together can decide that nothing can be done.
When you're down on life, smoke a joint and remember that tomorrow is a brand new day.
beauty sleep!
RichRod to Arizona!
In line at Subway & see Blake Griffin ad, best marketed NBA player this year by far.
I second that. Really happy to be playing with all y'all.
Apparently there are two 30-foot whales swimming in Petaluma Creek, #sporting and #blowing up and down the creek.
Van bought me a beautiful bracelet and a necklace at a yard sale. He is so thoughtful :)
Your supposed to drink your body weight?
Cool have a Great day
Only if you want to miss out on Stubb's on 6th street! But then, I'm sure we could handle multiple bbq venues...
Tweet us a pic of your "Sneak Peek of Spring" w/ hashtag #BkSqSpring to win gift cards to & !
happy 15th birthday! I love you so much, hope your day is GRAND and filled with many new memories, have an amazing time <3
I reposted and the new link should work for you. If not, go ahead and email me and I will send you the flyer. ;) hope you are well
This is the worst day (me-wise) for Facebook albums to go funky. Apologizes for photo doubles.
I have decided that Im goin to start taking advantage of the gorgous weather #Austin has & jog every morning outside for my #morningcardio!
NBD best. in. show.
A fool gives full vent to his anger, but a wise man keeps himself under control.
S/O to my dude We needa chill soon.
YES AND...You're going to be SO sucessful! In a #hack kind of a way! You should just be an assistant!
And a show like "Arrested Development" gets canned! It's all quite sad! I like bad TV, but I have my limits!
#thatawkwardmoment when you realize no one is listening to you so you stop talking in mid-sentence.
This will be the third Friday in a row that I'm working after I originally said I wouldn't be. What is wrong with me??? SMH
<<<<SHOUT OUT
me AND smokey are sick :( I'm going back to bed!
Going to spend some time relaxing today after an insane week of ups and downs.
More excited for this than I should be.
is everyone sick?
Jamba juice then off to kahaluu
yo blazed ass
sounds like it's time to treat yourself to something nice:)
Had an amazing day with the fam yesterday! Now I just need to get my computer fixed today and all will be right with the world...
true...but I think this is 2 diff convos. One about self goals and the other about an attack on US as women via media
I can't fold and they never bluff! Also 30 hands/hour wtf
Guys who can dance bachata or can just dance in general >> you already won me over ! <3
I guess it was Danks that sucked not that the #Tigers hitting was good ....glad we got that cleared up!
ahh, so funny - I saw 's post about gorgeous photo - and thought she was speaking of the bed one. HappyNY, M!
Tried to go to the gym and watch ManU/Chelsea in HD at 2pm afterwards. Phone spoils results at gym.
Unifies voice re: our values? Who and how will we speak?
urban ethno- #archaeology: asked transit workers about artifacts left at #beaconhill station. today? wax lips, $100 bill, and red panties.
Please welcome onlineGirlsSex to the Max life
Do you have any suggestions for a good Brunch beer cocktail?
Most people are in...fear for the same reason. Most people are living a case of mistaken identity.~Neale Donald Walsch What's your identity?
Fa la la la
some people just need to move on and not whine about stuff ..... life is way to short
You did such a fab job today!! “: It was awesome working with once again. have fun tonight xoxo”
you know I'm a male right?:) lol
twitter works in school. :D
Kim Clijsters Injury: Belgian Tennis Star Will Skip French Open to Focus on Wimbledon, Olympics
IM SORRY
Tonight I'm getting faded tho.
Traffic out of town square always makes me mad grrr!!
easier said that done But I feel you
I want.
Thanks for the follow, guys! Facebook pages?
If only Starbucks delivered. D:
You say #YOLO? Jesus Christ says no thanks.
Bernadette Peters on #Smash: obvious, pandering, wonderful.
Got it. thanks. & interesting choice by Burke of a story to cite.
A proper QA strategy not only takes time, it takes courage.
Killed it in Denver today! Everyone who came out to watch was awesome!
Saying hello before things get rolling.
clearly my fault... ref's too
Sailing back from Catalina :-) already saw three whales. Wow
Great start for the Pacers. Not intimidated one bit.
Lot on my mind :/
#furchat yes, as long as they rode in the cabin with me!
Are you KIDDING ME ARSENAL?!
Now if I only knew InDesign. :) I need to reserve some time with one afternoon to get started.
Creddie or Seddie? "My sister is off limits. Seddie-- They can go to town, I don't care." -Jerry Trainor. that dude cracks me up, man
probably going to go back to sleep until my roommate gets home? How about you?
Nothing says Christmas like adult beverages. And cookies & fudge. Thanks Grandma!
Your always on my mind, i think about you al timee. Uhm, no. LOL
Lenders and Investors are interested in pursuing existing office and retail properties. Let me help you with yours. 602-509-5377
That's a first, and sorry they weren't your style. Def not quality, all craft ingredients. Hopefully next time. Thx!
Whenever I use my phone as a flashlight I feel like I'm about to b murdered in a found footage horror movie.
you say that now. Everyone says that at one point.
We do too. Gotta love those Suttons. Oh my bad, u mean ya real family ha? LOL. Just kidding. 100
I'm not getting any replies, so DM me or email via www.lisabmusic.com if you want to say hello. Hello!
Trade Curry, Lee, First Round Pick for Dwight Howard...Keep Monta Ellis to play with Dwight Howard...You got to take that risk...
i love you more.
hey, you're welcome! Grantland often comes thru with memorable pieces.
I second that ewww. What are people thinking!
lol your welcome
Welcome back!
30 more minutes - summer friday yaaalllll get to go home early woo to nap.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
#Breakingbad Breaking Bad Breaking Bad. Did I mention breaking bad?
Q8 to workout more
hi I am carslyn Sheffield u ment my uncle his name is j
So twitter, send me a link to your favorite #prank #video!
my fave: the one where bender falls for the planet express ship, as voiced by sigourney weaver.
actually, its a nice change of pack. ttyl
ehhh sad I don't get to go to auburn game ;(
Yay! No worries, I'll come get you. It's from 12-6, but I wanted to be home by the time the kids get off bus. Pick you up @ 10:30?
#IfItWasntForTwitter it was for YOU
Any way I can set up a general with you?
I really miss the Saturday morning show Hang Time with the 25' long b-ball court and 2-row bleachers.
maybe when i win the lottery i'll open a flower shop, near the funeral home my sister will some day own of course.
#Listofturnons really don't know where to begin I could be here all day lol
Time to enjoy this beautiful weather
Debating if I should do this big ass global packet right now...
just listened to death and destruction followed by slob full volume in the van and thought I was the coolest mother fucker
I'm really not sure what we are doing when we get there haha
Scan & Deliver webinar (bit.ly/r5Ifks): The Bookeye looks very neat, but I wonder how much they cost?
Pom for me!
Haha there's enough booothang to go around.
Brandon Freaking Allen haha. Crushed that ball to right. #Rays walk off. Always love seeing them win!
The minute u tell someone to trust u is the same minute they doubt u, so instead show them u deserve it.
Does anyone else think Aubrey Plaza is high on something??
Good morning
this games gonna come down to the wire
Waking up early to do household chores before work is the adult thing to do.
happy to help - send me any questions at
True! I'll just hang on and stop being so worried about it.
You could not be able to pee through your...you get the picture.
does anybody noe how to get apps on their ipod with out using a credit card !! please answer i will follow u!! foreal
Thanks for the follow! Look forward to your tweets.
Don't you hate when a person start lookin good after high school graduation. Like why you couldn't do dat when we was in school dammit!
awesome ends with me and ugly starts with you. :P
LOL RT : Retweet if you remember Bacon's, Burrelles's and rubber cementing press clips.
() aka "How to Take Your Son to a Creepy Exhibit and Turn Him into Norman Bates..."
very disturbing: if you try to find me (dennis kardys) on skype, two results are returned: dennis.kardys (chicago) and sausagekock (usa)
Aye buddy. I hate you. RT a Faygo bottle.
a u still coming over here with me and wade
Happy Birthday!(:
Her Roads stretch out before us the call of the wild The sky yawns a lethargic turquoise America an amusement park I'm a giddy child!!!!
that's awesome Katelyn!! Keep up the hard work! You'll make it far in life!
Driving Nashville to Atlanta listening to Charlie Robison.
They know I'm a beast, yeah I'm a f***in savage, haters you can kill yourselves
": We all make mistakes, don't act like you're better than someone else."
Are the online leaderboards for XBLA broken? I have a winstreak going on and my online rank keeps going down down down :(.
Fucking shitty beyond all belief I don't think I've been this mad my entire life I refuse to let this bullshit happen
#SometimesYouHaveTo find free time for urself,dont forget that u belong to you!
Good morning #Indy. We are getting excited for our new Fishers location.
Thank u so much 4 coming today! We all loved what you had to say! Really good info and tips for beginning PR practitioners!
What good?
Its impossible to get water from a person who's cup is empty. It's also impossible to get love from someone who has none to give.
yo give me some combos.
Mind if I join guys?
Last call. is 12:41 minutes long.
nope I am quite focused on them lol
“Hey Can I Buy A Cigarette Off You?”…No, But I Got This Pen I Can Let You Have “Real Cheap.”
critical missing pieces no doubt
:) good.i.didn't get it tho ! i got the last one you sent wen you was leavin Phoenix
Google Releases Chrome 15 and Web Store Redesign
I m so tired but so happy of my self... !!! Step by step..
ekjfhewkf im going to be tweeting to fuck tomorrow since im getting my hair dyed at the hairdressers, they better make me a cup of tea!,YOLO
another restaurant lost. E-mail rec'd 2day advising that La Mela Italian Fusion Restaurant, located in Palmetto Bay, will NOT reopen.
So long #NBA as we know it! #WallStreet starring Michael Douglas got it wrong... greed... is NOT good. :(
Vegans, vegetraians and carnivores all leave CURRIED with SMILES on their faces!!!
Wow and all this time I thought I had a pretty decent grasp on fonts.
First ride of the season, I'll give you a redo haha! Keep training!
The dough is ready! I´m ready to fill this calzone!
Most Relationships are like garage sales: At a distance it looks like it could be interesting...up close it's just a ton shit you don't need
Excited to finally join twitter and share up to date information and resources on chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
RT now if you want to go to Haiti with Habitat in 2011????
To the 2011 Fl Legislature and Governor: 'All We Are Saying- Is Give Common Sense a Chance.' Be an AMERICAN first not a Dem or Rep
Thanks to all that stopped by for the meet and greet. Now off to for youth group!
i'm reading stuff about my horoscope.
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers out there ❤
yep been hangin' out all weekend
Haha oh I remember...We were so weird!!
I feel good !!!! Can't cry over spilled milk right?
Love is the affinity which links and draws together the elements of the world. <3
Altmire was the only candidate in this race to go to Beckley for the congressional field hearing re: mine disaster.
thanks man! I'm sure we can make it in a month of coldness! Need warmer TOMS!
How the mighty has fallen. Hardly see anyone with BB anymore.
I think Kessler & Tennant are natural fits for EP
Waiting to board flight on my way home after a great & insightful time at
Alright , take me back to #Indy! Loved #Atlanta but there's no place like Home!
I'm at a payphone trying to call home. <3
gotcha, right. Now I'm following you. That is your train of thought not just on twitter. ;)
I know - "Mostly true" sounds awful. A better phrase is in order. But until then, how does this invalidate the site's purpose?
if they were so happy why do they need to meditate. or did you mean medicate?
its funny because i had no clue house of hoops had opened!
Domination in the first half. If I were White Puma I'd have trouble not dozing off
Monk's never likes people to drink alone. 🍻💉
Good meeting with ’s Dave Russel. , Jeff Echols & Don Foster shared news of what’s coming soon to
#IfItWasntForTwitter I'd be an angry person lol
9 times out of 10 I agree with your assessment of books, which makes you one of my favorite book critics.
hopefully they'll be over there soon!!
Perfect plan.
checking out some hot products to feature on the site.. some great stuff out there
are you "hesitating" about??
The more I hear of these republicans, the more disgusted I feel. Serious actions need 2 be takin
and magically here I appear before your very eyes
I don't follow many people, that's probably why.
Thanks so much! You two are awesome, and your support means a lot to us.
Amen! Yes ma'am :)
RT : Special thanks to Dave Kutch of for “Demistifying Mastering” seminar last night at !
RT : About to fulfill one of my life long dreams and study abroad! Let the embarking of this journey to India begin!! Congrats
"Wine makes daily living easier, less hurried, with fewer tensions and more tolerance."⁰Benjamin Franklin
Oy :c I'm glad you're okay tho ! I was worried :'c
I just started crying because I haven't left my room in 2 days due to an extensive homework load, then I stopped and got backto my homework.
Thank you! Have a nice weekend.
I only like old christmas music and only when its dark and freezing outside.
Aww, you're always there, darlin. <3 <4, etc. I'm leaving town for a much-needed break till Sat the 20th. Then it's PACK/SELL TIME
11 chapters in.. Time to go look at a possible house to rent :)
Some dudes first time in a plane behind me, he's freaking out. He asked the FA, what's the take off like?" fingers crossed, no puking
I think I might. c:
Happy Mother's Day to all! Have a wonderful day! You all deserve it!
Tomorrow is going to be bananas! We are close to sold out. This weekend is going to be one to remember!
Shut Up Bitch!! Alright Alright Alright!!!! Yeeaahh you gone learn today!!!
65" high-def? I'm afraid....VERY afraid.
I feel bad about it to some extent, at the same time if the team is losing, they're not giving you money back on your tickets.
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers! If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
You must think u slick LOLOL ok.
Got the win last night on senior night. Now 10-12 heading in to our last reg season game with Lincoln on Friday.
Thank you, sir!
I love my Aj (:
Virginia earthquake a 5.8, felt all the way in PA. Epicenter just south of DC.
The Rooster lost that cock fight.
Hey sexi let's get together sometime
OMG GUYS SO YOU SHOULD TOTALLY GO SUBSCRIBE TO ALWAYSSHOUTJENA ON YOUTUBE SHE IS AMAZING!!!!!!! BFFS<3 ;D
at one point does obama start taking responsiblity for HIS presidency
You should read the paranoid rantings about #OWS on GretaWire. Highly entertaining yet pathetically sad all at the same time!
how long are u in LA? I'll be there next Wednesday.
Its hard growing up without a father, but its easy when you have a fantastic mother who plays both roles.
Hype for this night
": You have big boobs and everyone likes you? It must be your shining personality."
Im a little worried about it
Who else is excited for #Clipshow?!? ....anyone? Anyone?
's book, "Bossypants" is the shit.
Food show! Manager teams will compete for their chance to win a tailgate party and tix to a Brew Crew Home Game! Go team Ari!
Making big time changes n my life to get Jenolo up and running
Do you shine in a way that exemplifies five ways of “being”? Visit www.mikehensley.org for my latest article
The next thing that breaks in my house, I'm just buying duct tape to fix it.
I've lost a lot of followers 😔
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 51
i miss my sissy
Wow, today was just one of those days! Time for #wine! What are you sipping on tonight?
Good morning!!!
Jeff Ireland's arms must be sore because he reeeeeaaaaaaaccccchhhhed for Ryan tanny
I was gonna go with 'informative' but it was too many characters!
Happy weekend Twitter friends!
me too!
I really want to work in the nonprofit sector! Being a daily advocate for something I believe in is AMAZING!
I have to have buds if I'm on a treadmill or running alone
Very Nice to meet you too! Thank you for the follow back : ) I look forward to reading your tweets!
don't u mean won't
#MM More must follows!
I need a haircut! Can I plan on knocking this out on Saturday?
Designing new Beerhoptacular tee's. Should we put Kegman on the front or the back of our new version?
Competition swimsuits controversy at the World Swimming Championships in Rome is justified.
ChooseCameron has a nice ring to it
The kid that likes me just brought me cigarettes then walked away like a sad puppy. I feel kinda bad
Bubble baths >>>
am and saw some in person but not so as I'm interested! beinbig time if not more and not rush but lucky D:
Hey I am KP's fiancé. Wondering if you wanted to meet up? I would appreciate some #sxsw101 from someone with much more klout than I.
u are on tour?
puttin in time at the office today along with a home visit
x box was hacked first and was out 2 months you stupid fuck
he should be fine as long is there is no music playing, fans in the stands or anything else that makes noise.
I'm willing to bet that the first sport was a man against another man in a fight, so I think that's something innate in all of us Omar Epps
Just got done watching the hurt locker....crazy Movie.
When life throws you lemons, eat lemon yogurt with a knife.
Failure to prepare is preparing to fail
haha [: i'm sorry sweetie! ♥ omg i just got austins single off Itunes :DD
We're all but humble impersonators living through those we admire, through those who help us believe this world is full of love.
I just launched my new website today! Check it out.... www.JennMello.com
Ozark Missouri - New Storm Product- Sandless sandbags- A revolution to sandbagging operations.Out of the box and to the water, ready in mins
Students! Before tearing it up on Mifflin tomorrow, party up with us tonight. Five bucks gets you in the door.
Alright MLB fans -- playoffs are right around the corner. Who you got?
Yup gonna be a rough presentation tonight
Agree! MyPOV: Microsoft synergies w/ WP8, Office365, Kinect, some real wins for #dynamics customers #conv12 #microsoft (client)
Touristing on the #LasVegasStrip & working up an appetite for a buffet!
That Beatles track(HeyJude)that put up is the perfect way for me to start the day.
Nazis first came..for the Jews, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew...then they came for the Catholics ..Martin Niemoeller
Snow/ cover direction/ sky earth disappear/ somehow/ snow still falls
Why can't i sleep ?
So excited to be meeting and cooking my pizza for a legend in the start up community this Sunday.
You know that moment when you JUST miss your transfer? Yup...
The fact that multiple people have suggested it's reminiscent of Microsoft Bob suggests it already has
If you're visiting Miami for Art Basel - it's right around the corner - secure your vacation rental before it's too late!
lol. draw her a pic of you know whoo ;) sexy army man.
Free-throw shooting in the NBA has gotten atrocious. Players forgot how to shoot.
i dont want him to get a story...just stay on payroll and get paid and then leave when show gets cancelled
Dance was dope now watchin some UFC !
conflicting message? Asking teachers 2 extol a defined syllabus.. then be innovators too? the former expropriates the creativity
I'm reading SOP yet again. I'm loving it though. I will pass my first exam on Monday! :)
Don't let people judge you Cory ! Say how you feel bruh ! #KeepItTrill bruh ! 👏
#10FactsAboutMe 4) once we're friends, I'll devote myself to u unconditionally till you show me why we shouldn't be friends. No 2nd chances.
Amen i now thats right,, have a beutifull bless day full of joy n favor ...love u
I had a great weekend at "Lightening In A Bottle" - What did you do this weekend? http:www.ShamanShack.info
hey Macy moo I miss u cuz
everyone follow ! :) my love.
My best friend and I'm going to go to mono cafe.... I'm so so happy. We are peasing....
Excellent, thanks for the input, Dani!!
YLM is getting up there tbh…I mean as a whole this is my most listened KC album. I got tired of All I Ever Wanted quick
Super excited to try my first class, I heard it's pretty awesome!
now baby bounce it, bounce it.
I doubt they do either, but I'm betting that you do.
Lawson out of his mind!
will you please wish happy birthday ? :)
Unsuccessful day of fishing....
Any day.
My niggas calling from the pen on they cellphones talking about send me some pics of some hoes lol
I saw that! You know me and Cobe's are going!!
Shower , get dress, bank, PORTLAND, back home. sounds legit 😄
He was always shy around me, but a lot of guys get that way around the media. Tough to say how he got along with his teammates.
you get yogurt with your Mickey D's? Nice!!
heard was singing "Call Me Maybe" on his drive to the multi this morning.
hi. come home. i wubb yoo. :)
What's going on there tonight?
did it make you dance? Or prance? Cause others to look askance?
I gave myself a pass, since I got about 15 minutes of sleep last night.
Good luck to all who are running the half marathon in #Indy tomorrow! Need to carb-load tonight? Dine in or carry out pasta! (317) 264-3585
Where is this? At a house?
I miss twitter. I want you back.
It's not goodbye! It's "I'll see you soon!" Don't let downstate make you forget about upstate! Wegmans love forever!
#ESPN needs to stop spoiling the draft picks, it ruins it for the viewers.
u no wat im getn tired of yall calln me a loser err tym yal want me to follow back
Finally broke down and joined the "Mug Club" at - good grief.
I am never eating taco bell again
depending on the weather - our band will be playing on 'Omni Hill'/Federal courthouse for the 10-Miler...
I've never been fly fishing. My dad does it religiously. But I'm trying to master my techniques with baits/lures first.
Whoa! Great conference speaker! , do you know this person: Naledi Pandor, minister of SA Science/technology?
lmfaoo let them know whats up
"My carpeting is old and pet spots were numerous, but by the time he left, it was spotless and very nearly dry." Thank you, Carole!
Stumptown, the Met, Upper East Side, Central Park, and Roosevelt Island: tomorrow's going to be a classic NYC day.
this so true
Muppets movie is on... Classic!
if only I could be half of the gentleman that is
I want that version of the song!!!
I think I'm going to sleep at 8:30 tonight
Just one call from him...and I'm happy again:)
I love watching the #Apple events on live blogs. Bring it!
2012 film watching! #34. Journey 2:The Mysterious Island (Peyton, 2012). This was very terrible. The only redeeming quality was Louis Guzman
Cool platform. We'll let our Indian friends know about it.
hey how do u get to practice? Do u drive or do u ride with brock?
Always go for the "Goodfellas" entrance/exit.
leave it to your bad self to remind me that Teen Mom is even on. So upset I've missed the entire show.
This whole not-wearing-a-coat-to-work thing is kinda amazing
... so you didn't chime in and stack your claim? ;)
you'll get your turn.
it was nice to meet you yesterday. Would love to talk creativity with you sometime. Cheers!
RT : SO this RT : Meetings -- the inside joke that makes you stop working to talk about how you're going to work
They have whey protein isolate and butter. These ingredients are free of lactose and probably no casein or only trace amounts.
I Recover a Guy with 11 warrants in two states and a Federal Prosecuter very Interested in his whereabouts. Bonds out within 24 hours. WTH??
Lakers lose, mariners lose.. Not a good day for sports...
unfortunately no.They will however help u impress the ladies & help you on the search 2 find the future mrs Gav
It doesn't matter how strong your mental resolve is, there are some atmospheres that will destoy you.
The Demi Strip makes your eyes appear perfect... Rita @ A Cut Above 404.454.1494
Have a total case of the guilts that I didn't clean the house this weekend
Clippshow for sure, its like rooting for JV to represent your school
Watch Rich and Michelle discuss shark attacks and fried chicken www.vimeo.com/13740440
's willingness to accept returns w/o interrogation or arbitrary constraints makes me not want to bother shopping elsewhere.
#MajorTurnOff when guys pass out after sex .
“: i think needs to come meet us in myrtle beach this weekend :D” Uggghhh I'm jealous
I'm at a different barn than the one Chief and Gunner are at. We'll find time to go soon. Miss my baby cousins.
. blames the stock mkt & past mayors "who stole" for pension woes. Really? An appalling paucity of knowledge about SD issues.
sophia grace and rosie aren't even that great why are they on ellen all the time
Hope you’re having a great day. Mine is turning out amazing so far.
Its Fucking freezing!!!!!!!!!
i know and your in the car next to me:)
Chris breezy starting to look like a man finally..
damn what time they close
Heading back to cali in a few weeks ..definitely going see the vs Dodgers while im there
Simply having more open and competitive politics will not satisfy Arab populations, says Larry Diamond -
Show tonight at The Door Dallas. Should be a good time!
Gonna go home and sleep!!!
There is too much orange on my tv right now.
I would like to discuss SwipeGood with you if you have the opportunity.
Followed Already
Reading about Trademark law is as fun as constantly punching a porcupine.
I'm about to put my shades on and kick my feet up on the table.
at Hotel Indigo west watching Ryan Story & Jeff Dayton
May Day! (as in May 1, not as in 'help!') xx
Sounds like work. No.
Little brother...
Are you ready for the labor day weekend? Tan at the Tan Bar and then wear plenty of sunscreen over the weekend and protect your skin!
Awesome game. Love me some Melo right now.
thanks! I'll let you know if I need anything on the newer one and I'll forward your name with my old one I'm getting rid of :-)
prove the haters wrong DT ...... Your gonna be an all star !!! Pro bowl baby !!
Congratulations on the award! Great to see your work recognized.
How do CM's w/high unemployment raise money?This initiative will effect Blk CM more than White CM
Running intervals kicked my butt. 8x1 thanks
Had a great show at The Playground. Thanks
I got one this morning - "Your code is broken." Turns out he was entering the wrong password…
Northsiders who hate downtown, let it be known that your traffic is horrible! Downtown can handle 1000s of people/cars, Castleton can not.
Thanks for making a difference in my life: Jesse Hawkins, Odessa Stubbs, Colleen Howell, Coach Bill Pate, Darlene Rogers...
Lmao I have the greatest moments with my MMA/Jiu Jitsu coach!
I'm up writing and the birds are chirping outside of my window. Wow, what a peaceful moment.
bogus. is my airline of choice. If you tip the bag checker $10 you can check a body bag for free
tweet a pic of the stage!! howz it lookin??
Thanks so much for coming this morning! #ad4mh RT : At Meta House breakfast... an amazing project and community of support.
I feel a tad breeze....
Good morning.♥ :]
Anyting early-RiRI, most of BEYONCE, generally JANET, "Who Gives A F**" by MADONNA, Most MJ videos, JAYZ, Adele are
I have been spring cleaning my inbox and organzing e-mails all day today
Breakfast in bed is such and easy thing to do, and it totally makes girl want to sex you
hmm. Why exactly should I tell you?
lol i know but i cnt keep him out my closet! He said he like the way my stuff fit better...it shows off h ...
our new motto should be: Great Taste. More Filling. Like filling our minds with stuff. Or is that just gross?
“: Destiny's child song cater to you= a true companionship....I really can't wait to be able to give&receive that feeling”
Beautiful weekend ahead! Stop by Nardi's on Saturday night for the 6th Annual Kentucky Derby Party and Free Buffet from 5 to 7!
hey were tweets you sent with the Unicode chars done with your app? Are you still running that one?
Sign me up for KostisCon 2012. Seriously.
lol thats why i was gonna go together
I'm too tired to go to sleep
Nice Chocolate!!! Thanks :)
with the invention of the internet and social media you are never alone!
Don't die wondering
Massive heart attack and simultaneous cerebral hemorrhage averted. Today in March, I nearly went mad!
RT : The & will face-off in on Feb 5! LIVE at 6:30 PM EST on ! (GO GIANTS!!!)
#Jazz PG Devin Harris (left ankle sprain) is being iced. Will re-evaluated. (Via )
I can help you find out!
Making website is not as easy as I thought feeling a little down...idk..smh
Yeah. A lot of artists get in this mindset where they completely ignore what people find interesting. Great art is shareable.
I've said it once this week, but I think it bares repeating - Greg Dulli is still god. That is all.
Our new hashmark for 2011... introducing the
" In simplest terms, a leader is one who knows where he wants to go, and gets up, and goes. " - John Erksine, The Complete Life
Devote a lot of time speaking to buyers face to face. You'd be amazed how many companies do not listen to their customers.
They know kids r listening
myspace is pissing me off, for the darlins it doesn't have to be bikinis it can be It can be short dresses, skirts, hot pants, sexy clothes,
Yes, answers my question and kickass.
Google better get safesearch working much better before the X Olympics in London.
This can't be true: Mets looking at Tebow as a center field option.
Please release your "Meet Your Type" PDF in spreads - the design is too beautiful for single pages and I'm dyin' for spreads!
You know you are doing things right when your girlfriend is more pumped about the NFL draft than you are.
Got the kids Valentine bags ready for tomorrow. Almost done with Bens!! I can't wait for them to open it. I hope you like it
Watching Adventure Time with my little cousin.
That is bullshit. ": No matter how much you hate school, you'll always miss it when you leave."
Get a copy of #SixtySexandTango the "Confessions of a Beatnik Boomer" memoir by at www.spokenwordinc.com or from Audible today!
LOL exactly RT : ....and TOTALLY REDEEM yourself!
Yup..i still get jealous.
but u smoke weed no need to go all crazy lol just relax u got a timetable on this tho
“: Happy Birthday, Matthew Broderick, when are we going to see Ferris Bueller Pt 2? " that would be sad, seriously?
Your strength is the strength of ten because...well, because you're Superbranch.
hy did u like the video
A nice sunny Sunday morning !
You have been insider trading for years in Congress. President Obama is forcing you to be ethical.
Like your attitude.
Leis lingerie boutique in Greenbriar Mall Black Friday sale 40% of total purchase 7-10 am. free gift bags and cocktails 6 pm until.
im watching glee and I loved Kurts performance!!! :)
#OccupyAlbuquerque #OccupyBurque Any news on the meeting/gathering that was to start around 12:30 p.m.? Have demands or goals been decided?
I MADE THE HIGHSCHOOL CHEER TEAM! CAN I GET A WHAAT WHAT?(:
How come the embedded demographic time series from Google public data disappeared from my webpage?
Praise...Live....Love...Laugh more
Pullin for #Tebow to beat the piece of crap #tombrady who ive always hated most
Anyone still on???
Yes, love it! Sanctions really stink...ugh.
The Christmas Hope #movie airing on Lifetime tomorrow (Dec 24) at 2 EST. A child needs a home & a woman needs hope. From the
... engage in the activities in real life.
fucking mom bullshitted me I was asleep and then when I woke up it was already late
Sometimes flashier isn't better.Many #AssistiveTech companies fine-tuned tools for years. #iPad is cool,but may not always be best solution.
Ok twitter it was me not
this could be a long list of punchees.
The kingdom of God is within #you. ~Luke 17:21b
You are going to do it easy as all get out. Congrats!
Wen u cry fake friends just watch u but real friends have ur back!
it's probably because nobody showed up to see ol hairplugs anyways
Off to go upstate to film
thanks for a great meal tonight! The sweet pea risotto was our favorite and our server Lauren was fantastic.
I'm at #12ntcmoney about finding funding sources for technology. would be proud :)
such a fun place! Go to the NE corner of Varrick and Bleeker for an amazing dessert/champagne bar!
I can't believe I'm up right now .
Make your Friday utterly PERFECT by following,
Conquering LED Efficiency Droop: Overcoming mysterious phenomenon could lead ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Woke up in the middle of the night, panicking about my alarm clock. But I don't need one, because it's a real, live Saturday off!
One thing I have never seen in all of my travels is the Northern lights. Apparently, I could have gone to Iowa!
5 minutes away from another shirt giveaway contest. If you don't know western movie trivia get yur sister brother dad or uncle on the phone.
The strawberry shenanigans continue this Friday May 5th at the NYU Strawberry Festival!
I ain't gone lie California is the shit women and money wise drugs I don't know
No problem. Keep up the good work. Now following!!!! ": Preciate the support up there in OHIO boo!"
There's gotta be a way to do it - I will continue to consider this. Good to know I have your support ;-)
Gtf putt here twitter everyone's a boss huh wtf
A girl without curves is like jeans without pockets no place to put your hands
Mercy Corp's Monday is TODAY! As always, we'll be donating 5% of all sales to our favorite non-profit organization, Mercy Corps.
It's less important to go Paleo then to cut out processed foods
PRE-ORDERS START AT MIDNIGHT!!! :D
i like it, protect ben lets goo
I didnt know leanna would call you that, did she say it through dm?
“: These bitches will say ANYTHING for a follow, even if it degrades them” REAL💩👌❕❕❕
thanks for the heads up. We'll see what we can do
It's Not Good To Want Something Too Much, It Sometimes Drives The Luck Away. ❤
beach tomorrow?
YES! my favorite is We'll Sing You To Sleep and Happy Anniversary!
RT: I get it! Conservatives want a smaller government so it can fit into the vagina of every woman in America.”
really?! Yes my kid... SMH... please slap him upside the head thank you
I just want to shove food in my mouth and cry.
Ron Artest may have just saved the Lakers season! Every championship team has a bad guy.
today would have been the perfect day for our tumblr photoshoot
Life is to valuable to be wasted....... Drop the nonsense, Build a Bridge,.... And get over it....
yeah, i'm okay i guess. :\
Enjoyed it guys!!!
Thanks, it was tasty. And the weather even more so.
Time to change my Twitter background besides this purple design with stars..
Oh shoot we are about to break 200 Likes on our facebook! Someone go be #200!!! www.facebook.com/sperantsa
If you ask a PROFESSIONAL their PROFESSIONAL opinion and use statements like "I'm not a professional", it's insulting when you don't listen
Brewers game!
You know you're in Denmark when the dorm room has a school-provided ashtray.
not much, u?
Waiting to facilitate presention to the Shared Governance committee of about
I need something to do today!!
RT : Make sure you come out see me tomorrow April 9th in Westminster,Co at King Soopers located at 10351 Federal Blvd. 9-11am
www.kociradio.com instrumental blues: Freddie King, BB King, Joe Louis Walker
Do your windows meet ENERGY STAR® guidelines.We’re always striving to meet the needs of an ever-changing environment with great products.
Oh no! What did the Dr say was the problem? I have smacked this toe so many times, but I've never seen it THIS purple!
Which automobile was the infamous John Dillinger's favourite car to steal? A. Ford B. Chevrolet C. Buick D. Packard
not gonna lie. excited to use the coin sorter at the bank today...
I'm so glad I got to spend the day with my family, including the best mom ever, !
Week from today....
What artists have you been looking at lately?
audience asks abt #poverty @ #macrolevel, #access to #mobile, #financial #infrastructure - what does panel think?
good morning... lets see what the day has in store for me be safe my fire buddies
Am I the only one having problem with OS X's gestures responding to hair trigger like movements of the mouse?
Great advice! RT : Don't SAY what is simple to SHOW
Enya is good crying music.
Good for you! If you want to do any other areas, give us a call. We have a great laser that combats the pain.
you were right, the mountain bike was a great idea ;)
Playing "fuck the police" by NWA when you get pulled over
thank you! I had a blast, too!
first time in like 3 years I've gotten stung by a wasp😥
I like edible bras and flavored tampons
Doing some last minute shopping? Why don't you just stop by for a quick fix. We have all the parts in stock for most any model phone.
Hi Arjun Tx 4 flwng All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Very happy that you're a customer!
To outsiders, yes. But if all partiers know the concept already, in technical discussions it's a quick self-contained argument.
New listing in Oregon WI going active tomorrow! Check out facebook.com/MadisonRealEstateShow tomorrow for all the details...
There's just something kind of romantic about the mall at night..
Heading out to the studio to broadcast Shirim. Listen streaming live at www.wcuw.org from 8-10pm eastern TONIGHT!
why are we awake
wen u weren't looking...obviously
Oh, hey look. Unemployment dipped to 8.1%. Not good. But considering GOP obstructionism, it could be worse.
My mom is so old fashioned, she pays all her bills by walking to the mail box. I pick up my phone & pay my #bills through my checking accnt.
That Chemistry was long! And I just barely finished. Omfg.
Do you see me now! Look into my fucking eyes!
Not yet ready to retire? Hatch Plus is the area's leading employment resource for workers 50+ years of age, for more info, call 414-272-4544
follow back
thanks for the RTs, Eric!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 47
Yes, got here yesterday :) are you making it down here?
Can't tell if I'm upset because of the prices or the fact I wasn't there when they went on sale
TRUST God...always <3
Party like it&#39;s Saturday with Prince
/innovation Awesome! Have any of you used imovie before?
2. Buy local if you can. In LA, we recommend Skylight Books
I hate it when he looks upset 😔
'Happy' pizza usually helps.
Unfortunately it won't let me (I'm in the states) but I WILL spread the word. Spuds are desperate for a shortcut
OK I am one step closer to visiting! ;-)
not in front of a TV, tell me that Zuckerberg is not wearing a GAP pull over.
The protesters experiencing a lice problem! yuck!
Welcomed 3 more first time families to DC practice today. Simultaneously upgrading our McLean office's IT capability.
For some reason I am having a hard time wrapping my head around the fact we are going to China but not that we are going to Japan too.
Definitely read that as you were wearing a corset. Unless you actually ARE.
I freaking LOVE when the #Brewers have the late west-coast game.
« Saying "YOU'RE WELCOME" really loudly when people don't thank you.»
would you mind giving me a shoutout? :) ill return the favour except I have 35 followers haha :')
Off to Laramie, Wyoming in the morning. Never thought I'd ever need to go there
We've been asked to play at Ozark Christian College's Deeper Life Event on Friday! #OCC #what?!!
Let's go to #Indy “: GAME. SET. REMATCH. The G-Men defeat the Niners, and will face the Patriots in Super Bowl XLVI.”
Can't wait for my bes Fran time tonight with twitter less Katey! Only an hour left of work! :)
Kinda sucks that I caved....
today i went to the park with my lil sis all she did was say hi to people im on youtube and twitter and i put the ABC song for her lol
Why don't people tweet as much as they used to... it make me sad :(
Arrrrggghh Jordan Taylor what the heck was that. There's now a shoe sized hole in my TV
Daily Money's shit now... I remember when it was good
These girls at bars need to step up there game, no I don't want to talk about The Real Housewives or your pet dog you dress up
Mr. Irrelevant in John Hughes draft tough call. May be between Cameron from Ferris Bueller & The Geek from Sixteen Candles
Ugh kelly osbourne drives me nuts. Stop talking over everyone! And hair
This can't be real got to be photoshopped
#honestyhour I have very bad roadrage.
Bingo RT : Mom just asked if you can call 911 from a cellphone
It's freezing in the office. I am going to take after Mr. Rogers and have an office sweater and slippers.
For those in the Milwaukee and Chicago area - check out and Bellevue Suite.
I know and its horrible
lots of weed
Today is your day to shine. Be amazing!
It will be out by the end of the week. Good luck on the run!
#bestlovemovie the Notebook. I cry every time.
Justin Male Hottie
I can't access my work email. Time to shift to another task.
Anna Dorr's reaction when she found out about Kris Letang's pregnant girlfriend was the highlight of my day
When my dad died, the worms ate out both his eyes. His soul flew right up in the sky, I cried myself to sleep.
What I want to know is how in the world did I let myself run so thoroughly out of oregano?
lol she does have other friends to visit here. Texas can be lame but all 3 of us can make it fun
We finally have warm weather here in CA! Perfect riding weather. Did you do any riding this past Father's Day weekend?
my big girl corporate job in Covington I'm trying like hell to get.
No such thing!
#cache has been found and tickets have been picked up!! Congrats to the one who found these!! Have a great time at the concert!!
Yes! We are wrapping up details with the artist today in order to start printing. It is going to be really, really cool.
You Know Your Getting Old When The gleam in my eye is from the sun hitting my bifocals.
A streak is a streak.
I always feel compelled to agree with anyone who tells me they're 'big money' Id also love to see 's passport photo
just drove past a house with christmas lights on!
Spending the night inside reading Huck Finn.
I can't believe I can still use my garden Rosemary to cook Christmas Dinner! Here's to the hardy herb!
Community. Specifically Annie's boobs RT : What TV show would you like to live in?
If I had to name 1 culprit, it's govt insurance.Creates "moral hazard," encouraging reckless decisions by banks & depositors.
I will bring the breakfast if you supply the bed
All choices lead you somewhere, but its the BOLD choices that take you where you’re supposed to be.
Our FCA lacrosse team has had some success with our page. We used a group called C3: Creating Connections Consulting, LLC
Yeah , DM me her #
Sucks I missed you guys... again. See you soon, I hope!!
ohh i was like ohh man he was a cute one ahahahaha !!:P
These about to be the longest five minutes, but go grizz
I'm a new principal at Iowa Connections Academy. Pleased to add you to my PLN. Recommended by
we can do something In order to do stuff the company either pays a small amount for us to advertise and promote its own nite
Yakuza Moon -- I like the way it's been translated. RT : Good morning! What did you read this weekend?
My boss chose lunch. So I didn't have much choice.
Damn. I thought I was So much TOUGHER and could take it, but come to find out I am a lot weaker than what was projected
. got a refund bc someone lied on the pizza tracker. He wasn't even mad, but very nice.
Who wants some stickers!?
sorry for your loss. Thinking about you!
Music tonight (Wed., April 25) 8 p.m.: Hurricane Howie, New Orleans Piano
mmmhmm. That's very convincing. (I only knew plastic, too. But I try to avoid moving things.)
Wow. GREAT game tonight!
although today im dressed like a bum
Awesome! Let us know if you have any questions.. can't wait to hear about your Minelabbing adventures!
oh. ya. guess thats why I saw your tweet. still trying to figure this twitter out. :) thanks again!
This is a SIGN! The apocalyptic synergy of unintentional anchors coordinated colors...VERY SCARY!!!!
Cockburn: When a family rents a movie it doesn't get a Zambian movie. It gets anything with Nicholas Cage in it. anything. even the rock.
Gossip Girl...OMFG storytelling
Is that code for I'm going to masturbate?? LOL RT : I think I may go have a solo sushi date...
Naw. Hit it hard. Swim through the dragons. Crush whities. Do some tv and radio interviews. Brush off sleepy eye. Beast it.
Thanks Kevin!
how about you come here and bring me some coffee
life don't lie..., but your emotions will
You might not want to specify that you're looking to hire a young person. Age discrimination, much? It's illegal & regressive
Congrats on your new business venture that's amazing! :)
Every time we hear Radiohead, we want beer.
this damn car ride is taking forever im 75 miles away from Daytona Beach
We should catch up after work sometime. I'd DM you so as to not plan in public but apparently that's not an option.
Hello #blogchat gang
Thanks for a great staycation this weekend!
and so starts the STORM OF THE CENTURY!!!!! The Cow will be open!! Come warm your little hoofs here with a nice Irish Coffee! Giddy Up
getting ready to start prepping auditions for EST's Marathon Festival. Woo-hoo!
hey now
Nice try, NY.. But u dont know baller house. When i see GA bottle service, we can talk. Theres a reason y LeBron took his talents elsewhere
I need to study..
watchin X-Men Origins. know I'm late. ok movie. But why is this Angel dressed like this? Other heros get decent outfits, but the brown girl?
#DanceAudition outﬁt: No baggy clothes please! Show clean lines. Dudes, sorry but you need a dance belt.
Looking forward to 150 students volunteering for Hunger Clean-Up tomorrow morning at our warehouse!
boring boring
Happy Saturn-Day!
lack of cummincation /:
I wish I was going to see te avengers at 12:01 :p
Waiting for better can make you bitter ladies.
Amazing idea Cosplay fashion with Joan Rivers! "is the princess Peach or is that Burtto?" lmao
It is 6:54 pm on Sydney, no wonder I'm still up...hi everyone there. Love ya
yo I'm ready to see you guys in Austin? do you guys have a time and venue yet?
I need something to just chill me out and make me happy....
YAY!! Go Pats!!
: I still can't believe we were so close! How was the show!?
damn when you get off
Nana's visitation tonight 💔
you're a dork!
810: You're gorgeous! Tweet me more(:
Show was a real inspiration. Love the sell outs! Wonder if #FashionStar could be a blueprint 4 music production show?? :-)
The always interesting crowd had a few #UFC fighters on St. Patty's Day, our 200th performance...The Giants Bart Oates in the house tonight.
What a great day, preparing for a week of phone conversations about how to drop the expensive cost of Findlaw or Lexus but keeping great SEO
boy please lol
I lived in the valley during the Northridge quake. Never living in CA again. :x
Also got a Mocha from Costa. Not the same without and :(
Sorry, there may be a few Star Trek tweets heading your way this evening. Can't help myself--love this movie!
hearing far east movement songs! haven't heard their songs for a while ^_^ still love them! <3
The Traveling Guardian Angel Program can help your sports travel program at no COST to school/academies.Contact us Now for more information
aww ash thank you so much!! love you too!!
no subway and wanna get me some? lol
Idk who he is
has been gaining a thousand followers the passed 3 days everyday. we cant stop now!!
I want to thank everyone for their support.
:-) SO True! RT U can tell how out of shape Americans r by our protesters. They used 2 march & now they occupy. Jimmy Kimmel
#LOHANTHONYfollowme please xo
I'm not gonna push you to be my friend and I'm not gonna make you like me. I don't do that.
ohh how was it ? mine was on wednesday for foodtec 2 hours long! my bum was numb and i was craving Mcdonalds!
Clear for iPhone "Heat map for productivity"
amazing job on #Sab tonight. it will forever be my fav show and your terrific in it. the whole cast is. love it
3, as tipped at Google IO in May; Google CEO shows off Gingerbread on Nexus S
You're welcome Laura! :) Hope you have a wonderful weekend, any good plans?
Review bond document for a 5 million dollar waste water transaction and wondering about the state of tribal finance?
High achievement is the goal today
Chasing foreign cars around town w/ an Alexa plus. Not a bad day to spend the afternoon.
You might run into David Copley there.
I just gets no love. Siigghhh
got the #newtwitter finally!
told you them niggas wasn't getting any hours!!!!!! What days& times
Coffee and shortbread. Feel like I'm back on the train to Edinburgh (if it were run by the Girl Scouts of America)
lmao was that funny?
I have a meeting for potential career change! Only for the day!
Will do it!!!!! send me the details if you don't mind.
No ticket to #ObamaAtGU? Do yourself a favor and buy a ticket to Spring Sing instead! /yd
What!! Losing followers.. Not cool, bro.
Kobe won ... Now he get a complimentary one free rape card lol
ha yah how u been I ain't talked to you Ina while
miss you already! I'm jealous Disneyland ! Wtf
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows pt 2. As if the deal couldn't get any better, it plays Mon-Thur for ONE DOLLAR! Each day 6:30
Just finished rdg A Monster Calls by Ness. Painful and hopeful.
when movies set expectations like that and meet them, the future bar is set way high.
This shit is #Killing me
Blogging Tip: Publish lists on "what not to do". This type of content appeals to a wider audience.
Just arrived in Boston, relaxing, eating some food and then rocking the f@?& out with and at 939!
my day as been fine urs? and that wasnt that random
Kind, cute, loving
What up sleeping till 1. I'm no bum, I had to bus tables on the busiest day of the year for restaurants last night soo.. #validexcuse LOL
Will be. I think it's spring break, though. Lots of transplants here as well.
Congrats to all of our faculty who presented at last week's conference in Long Beach!
We have the venue and our main speaker (shark from Shark Tank) on top of 4 other self made millionars ready to help!!Looking for sponsors
I didn't know a fridge could sign a marriage certificate?
haha he is old as shit, old premier league stars play in MLS cuz they are not good enough anymore
u don't even follow me back why?
#BoredCure 5: Write a book on your phone/iPod.
Thanks blair!(:
i'm goin to that lil wayne concert tonight at 7:30
Meow to that! High paw!
what happend to your phone
Thank you for your love, energy and support! We will make TDBFF live forever, Dont forget to like our fB page for a chance to win.
are you going to call?
Mike Carp, Mike Trout, and Tim Salmon; A school of outfielders they would make.
Hey (: I haven't tweeted you in a decade!
Bruins scored on give away 2-2.
Solid showing at kickball tonight. Now to check a few dozen things off my to-do list before gets home tomorrow.
I haven't txted anyone today ..
We are closed tonight due to a private party. You can enjoy our delightful food tomorrow.
let's link when the tour hits Daygo
we're waiting to hear more from dsm register around 4
Turned on my bluetooth speakers and took a while to figure out which of my iOS/OSX devices it paired with.
#ReplaceAvengedSevenfoldSongsWithDick God Hates Dick
I'm not gonna change for you.
you arent real
Where is Michelle?
After hearing his eulogy at Whitney Houston's service, I fear we've misjudged Kevin Costner all these years.
the baby is growing fast and we are all adjusting. Looking forward to the holiday! Good to here from you! Hows your clan?
I HATE waiting-_____-
I think Wayne Rooney is gonna cry
What a beautiful Mother's Day! Wishing everyone the same!! Life is GOOD!
Massive congrats on the great week with So stoked for you guys!
You guys went and saw it im going later today!
I hope you're having the most wonderful day! 🎁🎉🎈😘
participation in comm is diff from those on soc network. 90-9-1 although imprecise, it's a rule of thumb
Just remembered Tom Kocken making a joke about being a rich Xavier parent while pouring a $40 bottle of booze down the drain Thursday night.
when you don't know what you did wrong <<<<<
haha i listened to it yesterday
I don't think she even finished that race...she wrecked her car! #chicksaregreatatcooking jk
Hope you're both enjoying the day! Hugs.
Really? I just changed mine Tuesday and it updated after an hour!?
Moffitt Cancer Center Supports Personalized Medicine With Oracle Health Sciences Technology
Using an overdrive gear on the highway reduces engine speed, saving both fuel and engine wear.
Geeze what a collapse...I guess thats why there are 3 phases to the game.
What are we doing today??
Huge get for in Have new go-to guy for last-minute pregame news.
If you don't want to work, you have to work to earn enough money so that you won't have to work. -Ogden Nash
The best part about working until 9:15 is getting on the bus with all the patrons.
i'm a secret writer. (in spanish) that's why I keep it anonymously. I don't have the pancreas for critics. :d
Back to reality. Had a blast filming in sunny Florida for a week. Go Hoosiers!
I guess lightning would never strike twi..er..three times? Or four or five or six?
Watching #TheClock Every time I find myself getting lost in it I'm promptly reminded how much time has passed.
Hi Lisa!
I hate music that has NO lyrical content.. ugh
Done with all of my classes. Just two more papers and I'm free!
Confidence means always being a first rate version of yourself instead of a second rate version of somebody else!
Follow her! RT OH NO!! I have 666 followers. In other news, I'm listening to Iron Maiden's "The Number of the Beast" this morning.
Great day to be a Milwaukeean! Beautiful day for a scenic run through the Parks!
When replied to me earlier that made my day :)
The heater actually kicked on this morning. Now THIS feels like winter! Well, late fall really. LOL BUT NICE.
And the next American Idol is... !
Oh no! It's almost champagne o'clock and I'm all out!
Should I do the Cinnamon challenge? And I'll record it ?? 😜
I know she told me :)
Dammit i cant make it
OK the high rise thingy on Alvar... Am I crazy or is there a crane from the truck yard below suspiciously close to a hole in the railing?
The greatest motivational act one person can do for another is to listen.
hi :D
Loudest I've heard the Garden all year. Or last year. Deafening in here.
Slowly but surely it`s coming together...
Prayers with the people of Texas.How are you all?
Awful way to begin the morning. Dumb circumstances.
Haha. When your mom was telling y'all to stop making me sing and assumed I had practiced over 100 times. I was laughing so hard!
Hi new folks! It's nice to have you!!
": You don't practice until you do it right, you practice until you can't do it wrong."I Like That!
haha, true. I just wish they would try something to mix it up. Or bring Peralta to try & start/Estrada back to bullpen
the Trip is also really good... Though more about restaurants than cooking.
It darn well should!
what the Vadge x
Thanks! We like to think so too!! Have a safe trip and a great holiday weekend.
Yes. If you're still upset in the morning you can change it.
World just shrank by 1%. Sending Leapfrog Press galleys to .
I'm not convinced. I think "skinny" is just a euphemism for "flat-chested."
wow...“: Senators score at 9:36 of the 1st period. Eric Karlsson with his 13th goal of the season. #Caps trail 1-0. #CapsSens”
hey you =]
Ah, break-up! How we loathe/love you! Time to clean exhibits, order rack cards, merch, prep for Northern Lights questions.
About to run routes against #Eagles rookie safety at univ football field, this should be fun!
Office Depot is losing points in my book get it together...
My new if it says "Black Friday" spam rule is getting a workout.
Hmm well now that is a good question. Let me ponder... : Is it theatre or a rock show?
Media, could we stop with all the orientalist Asian puns/name games?
Substance Abuse Affects Millions, Costs Billions
's bestfriend tripped up the stairs lmfao that shit made me drop my fruit loops !! 😂
why do you wear Nike shirts that say "stay fly"?
sounds like you did well! Nice gift, beautiful colors, & I am hearing good things about tinted moisturizer. May have to try it
Wtf pirates. You suck
S/O to my new three new followers !
inspired to study silent gesture & expression. think i'll devote 1 day to hands, mouth, gaze... what else?
Turn on your spotlight! Pearescope just got some serious upgrades!
When sending your pitches, don't be passive, have confidence!
RT : God is never going to shut down your destiny. He will only add responsibilities to not block you but to curtail you.
Fitness Tip: Six Pack Abs - Abdominal muscles are a common goal in the fitness industry. Here's a news flash: almost everyone has...
If I have to stay home&clean,I'm cleaning my room to make it look cool&pretty,not the messes I didn't make around the rest of the house.
Who is ready for SPRING BREAK? We are getting prepared now for the biggest week of the year :)
I've never seen Nails :(
that is why they call this the shark tank and not the bank.
Talked with and Rebecca Nelson re "Caris' Peace" & great reax at #CIFF. Ross in NY Sun for film event/chat at Rubin Mus w
A woman will buy anything she thinks the store is losing money on.
Take yur index finger and yur thumb and lightly grip the base of yur tail
welcome to twitter! I will be at #Diplomate 30 min early to answer any social media questions you have
RT if your not followed by AND it would mean the world if he did :)
More deflection, Tell me you understand that "tyranny of the majority" doesn't mean you support "tyranny"
great! yes, those are the files to edit to implement your own version of a title generator. have fun!
NICE! “: Too many people at the casino. I'll walk back over at 6 AM when all the amateurs have lost their cash.”
Looking good! “: No more Eggs! got the logo posted -now just to make it smaller”
If you are just their ANYTHING, why are you making them your EVERYTHING? You deserve better.
A bully can use the internet or phone to #bully you. Just because it is not in person does not make it any easier.
thanks for coming over for dinner. So happy to share a meal with those we love the most!
haha yeah well acually they are probably coming in september... :)
Don't let anyone tell you can't do anything - great line from at
thanks! Will do
So I'm did Justin and Selena break up?..
Twinkle, twinkle little whore, close your legs, they're not a door.
hey well im bored
Ouch " Close Love Mike Sherman, but is taking his advice on draft day the right move?"
The good news folks is that "GOD' never consults your past to decide your future. If you need a friend seek him.
Is #Boehner darker than our black president?
oh! I had your faux-guac idea standby, but fattiness of the pork balanced out the spice. Going to try that sometime tho!
HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO ALL YOU DADS OUT THERE!(:
You guys have a birthday party every month? Weird.
I think festivals are a great tool to market your film worldwide especially for Indie filmmakers
I forgot my ^ka on my tweet this morning - lol!!!
you were hacked. probably be a good idea to change your password. (there are some bad folk on here too)
hah of course :D No problem!
I have some of these apps & downloaded others yesterday. Dropbox & Hootsuite a must. New to Statigram & evernote.
do it!
Goodbye .... For now I hope
Might not be too late, getting ready to talk to some Maple Grove students. Prom is tomorrow. I'll see what I can do for you.
Can Black's really support Black without expecting a "Hook Up"? Can we circulate our dollar TEN TIMES within our community? Your thoughts!
Jealous- she's lovely!
thanks for the information !!!!!
great, you?
I can't wait to go to college.
THIS WEEK HAS BEEN THE BEST WEEK OF MY ENTIRE YEAR SO FAR! GOOD MORNING TWEETER'S!! :-D
keep me posted, had to leave at the end of the 2nd.
We're conditioning the release of your song on your attendance.... otherwise Michael T gets to see it first.
the NBA
that's Balentimes
nigga you aint have the 50 cents ☹thats crazy you can't give me a couple thousands & you'll have a mill damn G
Happy Valentine's Day! Show yourself some love: get tested.
haha oh I think I do
Boss call! 😂
awesome. Can you make a stop in Peotone?
lol when one of us wins we all win!
How thin/young ought you be to wear those ubiquitous neon pink/turquoise/orange jeans of the season?
I'm already betting I have the coolest outfit there.
Just got transfered from a flight to American airlines and I now have a whole new appreciation for how nice deltas planes are
About 30 more min until #SugerRush is released! Head over to www.facebook.com/goodluckjane to hear it!
you better bring it lol
Edit Novel Info, under where you type in word count there's a little line of text: I'm ready to validate my novel. Click it!
Thanks for the tweet!
Sooner or later you get tired of chasing & begin replacing. " Get right or get left. "<3
"Kind and Gentle" as Ben describes Kacie. So long Sister! He describes Courtney as sexy
Buy your tickets for now! Looking forward to the learn-a-did!
I didn't realize until now how much comic reading I did as a kid. I spent hours with Garfield.
SEM TALK ON FRIDAY.
: SouthernSun is chill and rockin as always! The new "hop vivant" is awesome and the cali valley ain't bad either.
and you're a richer, more beautiful person because of it. Enjoy.
I love that song.
new pic ivery very cool! You are all legs miss Ari! :D
sorry I missed your note about coming here. I hope you had a good time in Mpls!
Thanks for the
I think I'm over the whole yolo late nights.
Watching 'Sleepers' right now.... Great movie! Be back after these msgs.
WhoisTrevor.com Check this out!
Yuk to both.. Lactose intolerant.. Lol RT : but chocolate milk is delicious
A stockbroker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year. I told him, At my age, I don't even buy green bananas.
haha it's all good, doesn't the game start in like 3 minutes?
RT Since & moved to town, the Rangers went to World Series and the Mavericks won NBA Championship.
I think I followed everyone back! Lemme know if I forgot you <3
wass good son
Scratch that...show starts at 10!
proud of the legend that stormed the field today
fuck this move im going to cry bye
hahha wow lots of smiling and it was fun and my night is pretty good im really tired though lol hbu?
Concerns over privacy issues with personal air quality sensors that also log individual location.
you are, told a girl you need her, and you just got out of a relationship
what did you win
Just made wubbzy's rock star smoothie from the nick Jr website....it was really good!
I don't want to let go of our memories.
can't wait to get my china cabinet and other mid century goodies back home! Also, mama mathews is the sweetest!
Why is it that when we talk you make me smile :)
stinks that on national physics day, I am giving a state test on biology, chemistry, physics, earth, & space science.
yea I understand you.
ME TOO. i was late to my starbucks interview because of the freaking parade. what?
#20thingsaboutme ; I miss having a guy bestfriend. one who will always be there. one which texts me "goodmorning beautiful" every morning.
"We look for love, chasing the ones that will leave us bleeding."
You know we fly delta. Tryin to find the coach section boy I can't help ya.
Ultimate Aloe® Juice - Strawberry Kiwi Flavor - a healthy digestive tract is important to the overall health of the body...
Excited to see what developers hack up this weekend at HAPI Hack w/
My dad has done 5 things to make me mad in the past hour.
pitch is awful.
u should've rocked the red blazer too haha
Joh 1:17 For the Law came through Moses, but grace and truth came through Jesus Christ.
Wenger should have let you play in Cesc position. He lost the match. You should think about leaving to win something
Yeah, I won't either. But it's OK...we'll see each other soon!
Gene Kelly looks at the screen while hitting on Debbie Reynolds, its rather disconcerting
What do fish say when they hit a concrete wall? Dam!
I love dev communication by gists and jsfiddles!
congratulations! what is the link to the book in iTunes Store?
": pissed in the dark >pulled beer from cooler=pretty diverse night in the wilderness". Can't be too wild, u still have cell
Help! When u grocery shop, do u plan based on meals or items(&decide what to cook later)
gonna make day by bringing her a frosty on the way from lunch
Be skeptical, never cynical. Seek to discover, not to reject.
Quite correct... love you btw! :-)
De-essing right now...damn my sibilance.
Well I finally got the new twitter!
I love the feeling after you get done working out! #feelinggood :)
I attended an LIA Executive Breakfast with Mayor Bloomberg. We all agree NYS must pass reforms to protect taxpayers.
Back in Jr High, whilst trudging through the rain in a polyester suit and oversized hat, I decided that marching band wasn't my thing.
Silly in love young girls, smh poor things
you're welcome!
Loving the red carpet looks! Who's your favorite?
lunch and the beach with Huey and Stacey!
you can but might be busy at bix office. Also if you go to ticketmaster and enter code Power88 u can get 25% off
a great positive hip hop record.
I hit you yesterday because you made me cry
so do I. Oh, you meant your hair. nvm
Silk Pure Almond Dark Chocolate is so good! Reminds me of Yoohoo! But healthy.
I wish someone was here to tell me if my outfit was okay or not.
check out the IU/EKU game
y i look better than him wat does tony have that i dont
Since my team failed miserably.. I will go with the ravens for the afc game today!
Well that banh mi easily rivaled any that I've had in DC.
n­n­nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmnnnn­n RT if you can find the M
Oh yeah...we're headed to Spain.
Dude I know!!! That would have been fun..there are more games!! TEXAS!!
#GreyGooseCherryNoir 😳 gotta try it.
ahahahaha own it!
I wish my scarf was a sweater.
Happy 2012 Everyone!!!
i'd never get a female dog...to me all dogs are male...so i'd call it he anyways, so may as well get a male dog...
Afghans knew Obama was coming because all women were locked up prior to arrival of Secret Service. (It's a joke, son)
Bynum = Best Center in the game.
wake up! Homework time!
ok I will follow her
Thanks! Also, I missed seeing you at COSUGI this year.
I love all you guys a lot!:)
is there even anyone else i could go to? i dont think so. ): my mom, my dad, alot of people r doubting me. ):
I could #allthesushi soon.
On the road again...
Ready af for summer get off babpets june 4 gonna be blowed out in those few weeks of summer school lmao
The Queen's magic mirror says that this Valentine's Day, YOU'RE the fairest of them all! Now move along; he has a date with a bay window.
TYVM for the mention!
Celebrating #SouthAfrica's #FreedomDay (commemorating the 1st post-apartheid elections held on April 27, 1994) with a
Amazing show last night with Kylie Minogue....before I forget!
Too tired to drive home:(
at least we have each other.
Jay Z taught me that my shoulders are fucking filthy and i need to clean that shit up!! :D
I think going to a concert is long overdue..........can't wait for the tour to start!!!
what better way to watch #BiggestLoser than on the treadmill
Can I come play with you guys?
I just want to get home.
Aw you know. Just some wackadoo building near Columbus' Wack skyline right? SMH. Still tight about that comment...lol
Im done with him. What is it 6 years? He sucks.
happens to me all the time
I wonder if he bets on himself
Interesting that Ersan is 2nd in the league in 3 point %. Watched over 50 games this year and had no clue he was even in the top 10.
ok fine we won't talk about mine -__-
Jammin to the new album "Young Love" - so fresh.
Remember to write down everything u eat and drink to keep up with your calories. U may be surprised when u see it on paper.
Oh, dear God, I have to watch this.
#dontgiveupdontevergiveup Scars signify your battle, be proud you're strong enough to keep going.
Hi! Might you like to join us May 5/6 for our annual Spring Plant Sale? 400-500 ppl expected. DM if interested!
It's weird how personally hurt I get when I notice I lose followers.
not sure
Thanks for all your encouragement and support through this. I can't describe how much I appreciate it.
For sappy magic try "Practical Magic"
soup on the stove, veggie turkey meat loaf in the oven moscow mule in hand. perfect end to the weekend.
What? No love for Dwight Howard Johnson's "Stat of Today!"
The things I'd do to be out on the lake right now...
Walk in the park with Momma (:
U r about to embark on an adventure that will result in closer relationship w God. It will be a ride that u will never forget.
tonight: the night mac hit up cudi... there's hope for a collab,
please stop hating on and being rude to its not necessary&its just making you look like an ass
Just found out what Okami means... nice! :)
by the way, let me know how I can assist with your program. Any way I can help or give back, I'm in.
