"Let's go to the underwater petting zoo! - #youmeansnorkeling #hahahahahaha 🐠🐟🐳🐬
can u plz wish me a happy birthday U r like my idol i want to be just like u Last year my mom as in the hospital on my birthday
Fans are the ones that support YOUR music, and buy YOUR overpriced merch & CDS.
Closed Today Too cold for the Ice House!
what if Beltran hit 4 homers too?!?!?!? Baseball, you crazy
Oh hey , I can sign your yearbook after brunch tomorrow
Okay i dont want to look like a bum tomorrow Time to think of an outfit.
I wanted to do it through email... I will DM you.
She just kills me with adorable. :-)
Event Horizon plays tomorrow night. Don't miss our bad ass residendent drum & bass band.
take a brief case too and a newspaper lls !!!
Caught it, wonderful! THNX. If you haven't seen it, it's not to be missed. Alert: SUNRISE is starting on right now.
lovin how I'm left out of the Convo,
just gave a shout out at TEDxCLE to Yeah, Jack's pretty awesome!
Ha! Yeah, that is one hot breast feeding mom! I was not one, never so trendy or thin. Very funny!
slept in today... didn't wake up until 7
No kidding! What a game this has turned into!
Did I speedtest and when up I come in at 1.62 Mbps - normally average 21.
might be a bit if a flight stretch...
Justin Chellis (: NOT BIEBER ! bahaha. She´s 100000% cooler than him.
why do you have that?!?
Surprisingly, getting locked inside of a women's restroom wasn't the most embarrassing thing I've done in the past 24 hours.
I DUNNO IT'S ANNOYING
Sentence found in the sawdust at manual Twitter feed station: “Social Media missed him as much as the next avatar while—oh, you were gone?”
Excited to check out the debut issue of this weekend when I can spend a little QT with it!
Decided to stop in Durham, NC to see if I could check out
ur name should be
Why wear my heart on my sleeve when it looks so good in your hand.
RT : hello too min:D
Extended Release
The OTC seriously has the best bacon.
Staats Island still owned by Staats family.
"in matters of style, swim with the current but in matters of principle, stand like a rock."
my sister bet me 50 dollars that u would not reply to me!!! I am super competitive!!! :)
yeah me either
My face feels like its gonna exploid.
Do we know why some in lower classes r attracted to RW extremism? Ideas? We better figure it out!
Thanking God 2 b up this day & at work. Don't think this Monday is gonna b that bad lol. Everybody have a great day!!
Boys that kiss my cheek
#smcmke is at the milwaukee auto show today checking out the latest "mobile" technology!
RT : If you can't handle me at my worst, then you don't deserve me at my best.
Nature on Tap is back and it's TOMORROW!!! Make plans to come play nature #trivia, create crafts and sip on a few beverages. Starts at 6pm!
I'm like your virginity, Once I’m gone, you aren’t getting me back.
I'm wondering what happened to adding a contact from mobile. I thought I saw it, now its not a type. I really want that :)
i really wish this headset had a light indication for mute. i burp a lot.
Well done, Rex.
and love you too!
Got to get the oh so exciting snooker on.
RT : Congratulations Trent Richardson.. Glad to have you in Cleveland!
you're my best friend. you'll always understand my life decisions and when you think I'm going somewhere wrong, you tell me.
lmao hopefully there's a new kid thas older thn me cuz I don't like being the oldest-_-
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 Hm?
#wov12 kara swisher says "double down" when u have les time or more challenges. Thanks for kicking our butts.
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon.
we all like you!
Now there's an idea!
It's just the littlest things that make my day.
🎉a very happy birthday to you, Stephy🎈i hope it's the bestest ever :)!!
Coming back, we'd take turns entertaining, singing songs and the like
I need the life of someone worth remembering.
dean ambrose gets beat by xavier woods.....lolol @ his tights
RT : Rising + falling suggests analysts know what teams draft boards look like. They don't. So what are they basing that on?
Good win last night ....tough opponent tonight ..Woodlawn in balt.7pm
Yes! Griffey is coming back!
follow back...
yajaira! Bro, who is he ? Is he asian! *hope its asian* omg! Yajairaaa!
“: *sees the angel of death* "HEY, LAAAAYYYYDY"” <- this!
its my birthday cuzzo!
The fashion of his love :D
It is too difficult to think nobly when one thinks only of earning a living. ~ Jean-Jacques Rousseau
It sounds like macaws are having a mock trial tournament or some shit outside my window. Go away parrots, don't you know I drank tequila?
I saw more gifs online then there should have been possible, so that makes sense.
. pins prior to #Wrestlemania XXVIII. Rather than give you my opinion, Tweet me yours! - Good or bad?
was there a sponsor tonight? #
Frank was okay, but Rex is inane, spouting cliches.
For the NY people...RT : #Jets Gameplan with me, , Ray Lucas, and airs 2nite after Mets postgame show.
They say one day your whole life will flash before your eyes, make it worth watching.
Today feels lazy well I gotta go by 24 hour today
Fantastic group of gorgeous men & women showed up for our #taxes & money management workshop.
Monkey Business - San Francisco Chronicle (blog)
looks great!!!! Yah for an easier bun :-)
If you like our sound, please support our band while we record full band demos by downloading your favorite songs at 99 cents/song in...
Derrick Huff shoulda been a brotha. Ha!
I just wanna say your amazing keep doin what your doing :)
You Saved Me because Before i Started Listening to your music I was Lost In My Problems But You saved me I Love You Lady Gaga
now that my teachers follow me... i have nothing to tweet about... lol i feel so restricted :/
I'll get you a honey bun too.
Me and 4 alpha males. Buckle up.
Don't be afraid to make decisions for ur life. Some R afraid to change their surroundings due to their comfort zone.Don't stay
Peace and blessins, which one of your locations has signed copies of the momo book (orange cover)?
If only you knew how much I think about you<3
you fuckin with right?
Your were so sweet it was nice meeting you and your friend tonight . Sorry we had to leave early tho . -Amber
Question number two -- is #rawmilk more healthy for you than pasteurized milk?
#outofhangame - GAME on. It is happening all over town. Don't stop. Don't give up.
This Saturday, Gallery Walk is back! 7-10pm throughout the #DesignDistrict. Will you be here?
Y'all have a great day now! and Nederlander :)
is this like the one time at band camp?
Do any of these great guitarist like john mayer for example: Even give a shit about his fans that keep money in his pocket.
Verify please!
S/O to Ally she a bad chick!
I'm so lucky to have you as my friend. You are amazing. Just be my guest each week!
Like big A titles of late? Safe investments don't push hardware or genre potential making a stagnant market.
Boss just threw my printing deadline out the window. My question then - what good are timelines and deadlines if you don't follow them?
A sports psychiatrist shares his hopes of what we learn from Junior's suicide.. and whether signs of trouble may have been missed.
I'm definitely game! Any holes you need filling?
Also my pleasure! :)
D.R.A.M.A. ---> [D]umbass [R]etards [A]sking for [M]ore [A]ttention
Super excited about the future. You know, because we'll all have flying cars and be really awesome drivers.
You didn't call me last night.
#livejazzfest THANK YOU SOO MUCH YOUTUBE! I always wanted to go to this and now I can!
Photos in the bluebonnets with the kids this morning. So much fun!
Look out kids...Bud Norris' wheels just came off...
pretty sure you never shut up as it is...
I love when my kids try to sell me books. When I buy them, I give them a call out on the am news
tastes worse than you would think.
uh, which one do you prefer..? xD & BOO YEAH. We shall shop till we drop! (; ❤
Filmed Yogurt Shop recently and think they will soon increase prices for #drivingawaycustomers HA!
I need you guys to help us get more followers.
Remember that commitment you made to yourself? Don't let *anything* distract you from your goals today!
Everytime I get on facebook, I feel like I am shopping at Lowe's for bathroom updates.
On the outside I'm getting older, but on the inside i'm still that young kid on the playground.
We're 1 away from 900! Who's gonna hit it for us?!
What about pizza in the morning?
Best Leadership book- The Ethics of Leadership by Joanne Ciulla
Now all I need is great sex, which I will be getting tonight, along with good food.
Seriously?! That's ridiculous!
driving home this late alone is not fun :/
Hahahaha I'm weak
super cool that links with #sqllite then allows you clean, and push scraped data as an
I deduce! HA!
I Buss Nuts On Your Toast in the morning that not Butter.
Oh i forgot... happy birthday!!!
. yes, responding to customers...in the same manner they reached you...is key
Im Tryna Make History!
HORSE TRANQUILIZERS, NOW.
still have traces of choco-mud in my eye from this morning's photo shoot...
Some days you just want to throw up your hands and scream... but we have to keep smiling through it all.
OMG! Hahah, how did I not notice him?! Oh that little dude..
Thanks so much, Camenae. Your bags r gorgeous. Hope you'll think about joining us in SF, June 28-30.
Okay worldwide #TEFLers! Take care until next week.
You are going to LOVE this shit Pami!
2 weeks, you?
That's a fine phrase, full of pathos and poetry. Mine today is "a necessary firmness" (from the play Ghosts by Henrik Ibsen).
the raspberry is good, but my favorite is still the peach. of course I am referring to Trader Joe's organic lowfat yogurt. m
True Life: I'm addicted to
Lots of color, floral, zebra print, & more @ Diamonds & Pearls Couture (Buckhead) 404-246-3548 Elle
She just told me I ain't ready for her........what does that mean
#tool. You saw how he threw his helmet off?
wooohoo!! 1 one more person to hit the 500th follower? Who will be my lucky 500th follower?!?!
Hiring! Hiring! Hiring! Sales Representatives for both Dade, Broward and North Carolina! Contact:
No! shut that down right now lol
let me ask my mom and I'll tell u! K?
So right, amazing how she uses the"Hill" to get at liberal thought on the sly.The GOP just can't take this Pres.
hahaa he's been texting me all day and said next time we go he wants to meet up with us, Jackie told me to tell him to
Wondering why The Weather Channel's iPhone app has an option to "share" my local forecast. Why would anyone do this?
so u like princeton he taken lil hoe
its the same ;כ
Stayed up way past my bedtime, but so worth it to catch up w/ friends and Daniel & Leslie!
lol, yea might have to do that myself
I have just created a new list titled 'Gates Postsecondary Success Team' using TweetDeck
Today's lunch specials: Arroz con Pollo & tuna melt on croissant. Soup of the day: chicken with rice and veggies. See you for lunch!
Squirrels are hilarious and adorable ... usually ...
Hahaha... that time will come “: girl yes!!! still can't do anything  lol”
Q : Since when do you know Justin ? A : Almost 4 years now
Long range predictions show avg to below avg temps & above avg precipitation overall this winter. We'll see...
Cheap shoes or a cheap suit? If you had to pick one, would you rather wear a cheap suit or cheap shoes?
Please follow for the most authentic Italian cuisine in all of South Florida
Just found out came to memphis in february!
either way...WE MADE IT! /derrrrrrrp ;)
IM OUT FO PRESIDENTS TO REPRESENT ME
Ugh. Someone move me to Argentina.
I'll commute for a while. We got all sorts of stuff we need to sort out with the house & Julie's work situation before we move.
in west philadelphia born and raised on the playground is where i spent most of my days
"In forty-five years I've never seen a tax cut put out a fire or repair a bridge." - Rep. Barney Frank to
I think this calls for some research!
MORNING TYLER. Have a good day! <3
where are you going to be tonight?
Absolutely, Xavier Nady's just warming the bench over there.
Changing out of my "big girl" work clothes & running some errands. Loving all of this sunshinee.
Hashatag for the six session? Maybe #WideAud?
would you reactivate your brain to get rid of a past trauma that still haunts you?
i don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I'm young ❤
But snooki is orange... And pregnat.
I think when I am looking for umami, I am looking for mushroom.
I love it! Made my week!
Man these Bears look so tight! I must say I feel anything less then the superbowl is an illusion!
man that's such a tough call I really can't be upset with either one being chosen... Is it official?
im about to leave to head towards jwu now
Extremely beautiful day! Please don't be bipolar, Lubbock.
but I don't like fish.
uqqh! I wanna learn how to drive :/
I would put it more in the category of dominoes and Yahtzee!... comes in a box, but not a "board game".
See? I told you she was a sweetie
i know i can't believe its already been a year! Real world isn't too bad haha
I don't wanna be friends
Best quote of the night..."How the hell did you get those doors in here??"..."We found them" ;)
Spending all day at Gtown. I hope to have a full draft of my LAST paper of grad school completed by the end of today.
Giuliana and Bill >>>
DON'T DELETE UR COOL
So gucci mane and master p got a song together
When will the south Austinites start screaming to have some kind of barrier between Cesar Chavez & the hike & bike trail?
Trollin facebook drama because people are dumb.
you will be joined at careerd day by your old amiga, the lovely Katherine Cook!
!! > RT : TONIGHT AT THE GAYLORD! See you there to ring in 2011, which is going to be...THE....BEST....YEAR.....EVER!
hoping you misinterpreted and i didn't mislead - i assume if people cared more about government that's what they'd talk about
Was frickin' great, buddy! Thanks a ton! RT : The million dollar backlot tour with and
Random athlete in hall 'congrats on all sunyac' why why why why why 👊💪
its all love
Thanks for joining us at the little event tonight. Good times.
Where did you go to Law School? @ us & we WILL RT you!
National Black Association for Speech-Language and Hearing NBASLH Annual Convention this year is April 19-22 in Raleigh, NC. Praxis worries…
Win a trip to see ! The Kiss 98.5 "Human Billboard Contest" is this Wednesday morning at 7am at the Kiss 98.5 studios
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 29
Had to file our first insurance claim on construction site theft. Really not pleased about our experience in No Libs so far...
hope to see you in may at the warehouse in madisonville I'm waiting in line for our boy today can I get a rt
um, i gotta say it. #OfMonstersAndMen are AMAZING,
Night of the Living Dead opened on this day in 1968. I used to watch it on TV with my sister when I was a kid. Scared the HELL out of me.
i was thinking of using it to pay for gas lol.
you are welcome dude!
you aint never lied
Getting ready to attend BIO 2009 in Atlanta, GA. I’m looking for business opportunities.
5 running mistakes you didn't know you make.
good times reading with inViolet today...
There has been a beer in the back of my truck all week... and all week I cant drink it cuz of 3rd shift. I AM DRINKING IT TONIGHT DAMMIT
Nicknames I've already caught myself using for my six-day-old son: pal, buddy, special little guy, dude, sir poops-a-lot, captain toots.
Ironically for my sociology paper I'm watching sister sister. Ray cambell is all in this episode funny as fuck. Ahaha
Lol I'm following 's dog
I just got chills.. Oh my gosh I love Adele.
Yes, we're still working on it, have just had limited time to finish it up and push a release. Any help is appreciated
RT : Fantasy college football draft today, 2 years, 2 championships, time to continue the
Looking good Pirc!
Garza has the yips throwing to 1B.
Haha--I hear you! I've had some lively conversations about this. :) Really appreciated the tone of the World Affairs response
And the lesson is that talking about the *actual* big scary thing isn't always the best way to get people to think about it.
yum. cereal. 👍
#linernotes is bout to go down!!!!!!!
Oh my! And how does one get struck by lightning twice? This is so sad :( RIP Seau.
follow please :) tnx
Hello New York. I'm home.
Today in 1992, Guns N' Roses hits #3 with "November Rain".
Yay heard the pics I did with are finally going to be out in the issue coming out!
S/O to my coach Happy Birthday
Have decided to start waking up at sunrise. Thats 6.23am today.....eek so sleepy!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
Congrats to Samantha Bradshaw and Brian Phive, winners of sneak passes to see The Hunger Games. Enjoy!
back woods east texas or bama lol
Congratulations Mike and Amy on your launch!
#kids Omnimax Shows at Carnegie Science Center, Sun, May 6 11:00a: Watch a movie on the largest film frame in the motion picture...
for some reason I don't have that schedule on my phone but I'm down for the game if I work early that day.
im really thinking should i go to ann arbor for this casting of the real world Saturday?
Come on out and support your local brewery and local band. The Swamp Rattlers are playing and handcrafted beer is flowing!!
Thanks for the RT! We love using TOUT!
"continued" ...it's under 20$
Aww you are too kind && thankyou !
this is you?? Wow
Music they are playing before Felicia Day keynote is bizarre
Good Morning ! who am i speaking to ........ ? ( step call center ) hahaahhah !
When there is music playing I start dancing.
where's my face?
Happy #WW Bringing u some Santa Ynez wines soon!
Are you doing okay?
Mothers Day Weekend! 🍴🍛🍰☕ Saturday brunch
your music, and Against Me!, I'm so damn proud to have you in this world, doing what you do, inspiring so many people. I hope
Started my day w/ #Sparklehorse "I could look in your face For a thousand years It’s like a civil war Of pain and of cheer" RIP
WHUT in DC has insightful program on #Haiti earthquake relief funds.
The good news: the astute 7-year-old boy next to us made it all better: "I am NEVER getting on an airplane again. I am DONE with airplanes."
Ey how are you? :)
i want the clippers to win this game
Scent of a Mule
Sometimes #DEVO is The #Best Thing to Listen to on a Friday Afternoon. :)
Going riding for a while, need to get out :-)
A #hotel that provides personalized condoms? Seems risky idkkk haha
you know what they say " corn cob's rough- but one is enough" (Toilet paper substitute)
RT : language boundaries become more important than geographic / national boundaries in the keyword economy
We survived the auction an are back in Atlanta clearing out some room in the Archives for the items we purchased.
watching Blues Brothers. now< off to pool
A full body massage would be soo good right about now
Lets go RT : Brewers have the worst run differential in the NL. Twins have the worst run differential in the AL. They play tomorrow.
Lol @ the gay boys that complains and makes excuses. Go do something useful already, preferably not sucking dicks.
dude I am so lost without it :(
should i feel offended that you DIDN'T prank me for april fools?
Happy Halloween everyone!! What better way to celebrate than for me to plug away on the film. heh
I'm bored..someone talk to me? Lol
Hannah's 6-month appt today. Let's see how much she's grown!
We'd love to have you!
hope u fix that
That's pretty awesome. Love the comment about children as rarely seen or magical small butlers.
Standing room only! “: It's marketing strategy session with Karen Corrigan and others. The long one!”
Hahaha I don't like you.
Awe; I just realized that its not my birthday no moo ): Oh well. Just gotta wait till august 24th of next year deen (;
I'm watching "my momma throw down" great show!
I can't believe I used to be a soprano.
Errata-ca
Tweet " #TripleDslaughterHouse " NOW!!
Just watched it...awesome. Think the Greeks reach to Syracuse?
today's lecture in systems analysis is about Six Sigma; alas, no mention of measuring handshakefulness or the Retreat to Move Forward
Do we get to drink the wine? ;-)
<25 LOL that doesn't make a heart but yeah :)
In science-so excited to go home. I realized I didn't do anything I was supposed to this weekend because of my paper. YAY
Sounds delicious!!! Looking forward to having one of your ruebens when I see you on Thursday.
Straighten it Out mix is seriously ill, nice work
My cousin hates one direction.......were not related anymore
I don't even own a truck and I feel like I am constantly being enlisted to help friends move
I had my first visual captcha the other day and it made it almost fun. Wish there were more of those.
Mike Miller is heating up, he's hit two three pointers, 1-12 before tonight's game
It all starts TODAY. Yankees vs. Tigers. Sabbathia vs. Verlander. Look out Tigers, ur on the endangered species list. Go Yankees!!
Many well-meaning persons suppose that the discussion respecting the means for baffling the
i give you permission to write my unauthorized biography. oh, wait. i guess it's authorized, now.
It's still too much because I watch ALL those shows... plus Sunday Night Football.
I lived in Colorado for a few years. Lots of Christians!
Back home to Vegas from Cali and already on my grind. Meeting went well today, hopefully I will start work soon!
Overheard at the zoo. Prissy chick. "Doesnt anyone go around and wake the animals up"
Lay down an effing bunt for a change.
All I want for Christmas is a boy who cares.
#RBNY now with only 1 more trip to West Coast this reg season: Vancouver. West teams to play: VAN CHV SEA POR. That's it.
Heritage is invaluable
What a small world I played coed softball against and Simon so fun.
All I see is Jc Caylen in my timeline(: I love watching his daily video..!
M loving my cheese quesadilla made by
Waiting on the bus to take me to
Diddy just got served
#ARealBoyfriend is not a boy at all; he's a man--and a gentleman at that.
Always working around beer, we're way too distracted by it to get enough work done. Does the same happen to you on AIM?
Should step out tonight
Cloth diapers a natural, group maintains
if ur wearin ur avi outfit...I'm leaving now. To hell with th boxers! Need wine,candles and..ur sexy ass! Merry Xmas!!
Vegas has Texans at 15 to 1 odds to win the Superbowl next year!
awesome! thanks for sharing your expertise. see you for a brew Nov. 5!
Yw. Happy to "meet" you here on Twitter
50 Cent releases new Street King Energy ad with Joan Rivers, Childish Gambino goes on MTV First Date, A$AP Rocky talks s
Ghost in a Shell.... Shotgun is haunted.
it was the most accurate ball he's thrown all year.
hope everything goes well eddie, we love you!
Same here! My philosophy--I don't have time for an ego. I want to be a better writer as soon as possible.
In personal experience, I post museums photos, friends see, comment, maybe want to visit. & I remember visit better
You are loyal JT. Raiders will win but the problem is the Broncos will too.
At #gradnation talking about early warning indicators with a great panel.
i just forwarded you my hip-hop recording artist precise dj pack for his single "it's on me"
ladies you can all have me! I'm ready for the lovin!
The promotion site on my profile can help your promote yourself 4 free. :) Please follow i will follow back!
lol love you hey g2g tweet you later
I'm offended that u think I would get a "tramp stamp" lol
Love is not to be declared, or uttered, or spoken, but shall be revealed by deeds. -Manly P Hall
You have to help realize social media is just another training tool for your staff. Necessary to demonstrate use. Cc '
thanks Bro and don't listen to she lie! Ha
Steve and Ryan had joined our band later on due to other members leaving & what not, we couldn't be happier now! :)
"I cannot go to school today," said little Peggy Ann McKay. "I have the measles and the mumps, a gash, a rash, and purple bumps."
haha.. But I can just guess you email.. How awesome is that!!
Thanks for the follow as well. Have a fantastic week!
Hi Bridget! Just stumbled across your name while on Twitter. Checked out your site. Loved the woowoo badass consulting.
Happy Groundhog Day! Do YOU believe there will be six more weeks of winter?
are you in sun valley?
This mango-peach coconut water is definitely an acquired taste...
alright. I'm off to bed loko. Good night. Don't fa get to hmu :) sweet dreams.
Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardrop.
Good people of Seattle...and awesome tourists visiting this summer: Come to EVO Tapas Kitchen & Cabaret to watch my timelapse films!
a day off with no obligation.
They cheating LSU keep your head up
that's not a good enough answer for me! :(
BlockAid.me does have an interesting solution but it requires the site owner to add his domain...
Soon, only Tea Party members will be in control of the Republican Party. My evil plan is working splendidly. Mwahahahahaha.
Automatically loading mobile sites is a nice feature, but users should also have the option to load the full page.
Simply perfect.
where was he boo'd? missed that - as lobbyists WRA does work both sides (have to), WRA membership probly skews right though..
Hamilton went off last night!!! What a feat!
I woke up feeling great, I am also in an awesome mood! ☺☺👍👍
I love your profile pic.
i enjoy the single life a little to much
. or he wins the "Mr Irrelevant" sweepstakes
I just meant come home haha
Went to Rick's Boatyard Cafe tonite. So many memories.
OH: I started taking videos of my neighbor doing drug deals and I intend on turning them in at some point.
I Love You But I've Chosen Darkness actually ended up choosing light, and frankly were never that fond of you.
Ha!!! Tell them to have an everlasting back seat!!!
RT - I want to road trip to #cleveland for the #yankees/#indians game. Hubby on the fence. Retweet for good luck.help a...
that means alot coming from you. Real talk. Thanks.
what? how absurd! RT : happy hours are illegal in utah now
Yeah, it makes flights quicker too. You are occupied!
RT : I just missed my flight to Miami... No words. -- worst feeling ever ;-( miss u fyi!
Thanks Grace! Always great to connect with fellow musicians!
Basketball baby!!!!
Before 's first show, listen as passes him the torch tomorrow night on 10pmCT on
Found the absolutely perfect epigraph for my thesis...it's actually making me tear up...thank you Mary Oliver
Italy and France are both eliminated from the World Cup. I can't say that I'm disappointed.
#whydoialways got a lil sip left when im juice thirsty
Love our Home State ...and you! Muah!
I hope the owner of the fabric store doesn't think I'm a stalker, sigh
Thank goodness that's over
what are the odds Aoki signs?
We've got a 10 for 20 #Groupon #deal today after 5! You know you want it...
I get my pay upgrade starting on the 16th :D
thank you lovely ♥
Tibs was a great coach during the regular season, but he made a bunch of horrible coaching decisions tonight. Let his team down.
just as a broadcaster (I'm 25)
yes they do!!!! I'm glad you popped in :-)
Idk I still have peach fuzz :/
your dibs were about 20 mins too late. next time! i hope you still find a way to go!!
omfg i hate all those wannabeS on fb who make fake Chachi accts and give her a bad image -.- RT this if u agree with me...
If I have my employees trust, we can do extraordinary things
I have pics of all of you guys in old scrapbooks.
The #FreshCoastClassic is more than just #basketball. The event features plenty of parties, live entertainment, &
Nodding to my homies at the federal building
I agree, though have never met him. So many think he's so awful because he's trying to be responsible with money.
Praying. Hugs.
Telling the #WCIDetroit community story through photos has = a great day in the neighborhood.
If you can't...you must.
btw k8 - the new pic is crazy good - ur in hottie territory with that one
Channing says that Union troops' views on abolishing slavery changed in tandem with Lincoln's own perspective on slaves
it works both ways, and I am only a text away. So get those little scrumshuis fingers going and text me. (:
You know that feeling when you should be finishing something on deadline but you can't stop reading about Sandra Fluke?
I'm at the beautiful beach of Gulf Shores listening to your songs! Where are you? #parrot head
It’s not that I am so smart, it’s just that I stay with problems longer- By- Albert Einstein
#thingsNOTtobringhomefromspringbreak: Crabs, Herpes, incriminating photos, "Baby on Board" sign, court summons, tattoo I will later regret.
"I freakin' dominated 'Californication' by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Like 98 percent."- Obnoxious guy on the Bloomsday shuttle this morning
Hey guys, check out a photo of me and
Bout to touchdown in Atlanta I'm so amped right now
the more of them get locked up the safer my daughter is ^_^
sorry, gotta root for the
Not only is it important to set goals for Success but once you have attained your goals you must maintain them! Attain and Maintain!
(something vague yet relatable)
That's you , STRANGER ... Lol u haven't hmu for a while now , But What's good IMY Friend
Daaamnnn Kenzie, You get some every day , don't it
if you're going to be a bear be a grizzly!
getting the low down on security From Ben Jeavons from GVS at
hey I know someone in Indiana who would love a chance to date you!!!!!! :-)
High School Coaches: Roadrunner Team Camps start in just 5 weeks! Register at www.startsmartbasketball.com
It's so great finally speaking to him ^_^
FuseBox just submitted to the Richmond Improv Festival!
Jay & Silent Bob Strikes Back is on the american movie classic channel...
anytime friends!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN!!! it's not 12 yet but happy b-day anyways! :D <3
Meeting up with 2 diff producers for 2 diff music videos, then ima hit up the studio for the finishing vocals on "forever know"
All services up and running. No outstanding network issues.
East Village Body Shop offers massages: 1 hour massage for $60. Chose from Swedish, Hot Stone, Prenatal, Thai, deep Tissue or Reiki!
Get 20% OFF your or order by using the repcode "Blaze1Up" at the checkout!
just stay up a little longer til Inside The NBA ends tonight. gone fishin'!
#SilentAuction coming to a close. (First) word of the day: good. As in, before "morning" and "girl" (to my dog, Mackenzie).
How have you not noticed no one is responding to you? shutup about pioneer trail on facebook. no one hits on your stupid boyfriend.
Big 12 hires Stanford AD as commissioner
Which is why we <3 it. Also: things in good shape. See you Saturday at 11? At staff entrance on 1st St. NE. Capeesh?
Trying help someone who doesn't want help is pointless. In the end, you'll get hurt
RT "Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving." WT Purkiser
Ah check that, I turned my paper in with 35secs to go lol. Toughest part of life, is making decisions :|
Really enjoyed and learned a lot last weekend for coaches growing their business ...
#SINCEIMBEINGHONEST YOUR A REAL PRICK AND YU ACT LIKE A FEMALE LOL #JUSTSAYING I WISH I HAD HIS TWITTER TO TAG HYM IN THIS XD
I miss the 90's and all the diversity back then. I was just a kid, but I miss it!
a good way to let the whole world know you're an asshole is to be Gary Tanguay
Sounds like a nice camp.
What enters you determines what exits you.
on blast #bikinisummer!
Why do some Black people, especially Black men, feel we get respect by using a foul derogatory racial slur hoisted on us by slavemasters?!?
Plowing through the Bluetip discography today. If that finishes I'll go to Retisonic, Swiz, Garden Variety, Sweetbelly Freakdown, etc.
Wish is made!
Missing my tweet life! Busy editing episode 3 of Diary of an Actress and reporting for InHollywood Magazine!
Going to the Conference? Say hi to from & ask about NEH grant opportunities
Eucalyptus is our #1 choice of biomass. We're working with UH Tropical Agriculture to find other alternative appropriate feedstocks.
that's for sure. Although I really don't find the smell all that great:)
"Gichy gichy goo" does NOT mean "I love you," Disney. NO. BAD DISNEY.
Dance party in my living room watching finale on my DVR...shhh, don't tell me the results.
burgers? lol when we go to the store on the 7th, veggie ones hahaha
It's a sad day when I have to move on from holiday tunes on Time to move on. station it is!
Aw flub. I cant participate in #bowday because I didnt read the tweet until i got on the bus!! -.- well i will wear one when i get home
Lol You Welcome Kid.
What is his cause? I can't seem to find the other side of the story anywhere... PS you - are an amazing author!
whats good out there my people?
Fact. “: I think my grandma would start crying if she heard dubstep.”
Marshall-ism of the Day: Relationships are like teeter-totter scales. They come together because each side balances the other.
Audible gasps & responses from the audience when Roger Clegg said will be tempted to profile as long as AA commit most street crimes!!
I have woken up at 2:30 every night for the past 2 weeks.
foursquare thinks we should be dining together...
RT to get RIP MCA trending.
U smell like a stifled taliban sweat
I got a lot of reading done last night. I will be back at it shortly. There is so much to learn regarding librarianship. :)
RT : Home is love, and love is always home. –Ariel (The Little Mermaid Series)
Done with the first set of marking. Now to a working lunch to discuss the English major's "information fluency" requirement
I just wish he had a huskier tone to his voice.
thank ya. circling back on that other article. details soon. :)
RT : "Worry is a misuse of imagination."~Dan Zadra
There is a song bout that indicating 5:00 is right.... but I see nothing wrong with noon if you have a free day!
today's relationship: you can touch each other, but not each others phone
"I suck Justin's..." Woah there. That's just sick.
see what happens when u believe
Thanks for the support!
The companion iPhone app is pretty neat. My opinion is biased though ;)
is hilarious!
It's a Nice Chilly day in the Mile Hi City... And the NUGGETS did it, Guess we going back to Cali....Game 7 Sat. Gotta Love
Only slept a few hours......it's raining like insanity out here.......and I feel like hell.........but it's still a great day.
She'll be here Friday morning - Tuesday night. I can't wait to get a lemon stick at Flowermart..m
Hoes mind b on the wrong thing , that's y some body took ya man kmsl
i think instead of cinnamon, u should substitute for cocoa powder!!!
Back @ it later :)
#brewers should know the scouting report on Chacin, but still free swinging...
behavior changes when fines affect bottom line. If only bump in road, seen as a "marketing expense"
Try Airborne...it worked for my husband last week. Now he's a believer!
we belong together ;) <333333
Ha! and Born in the USA is not a jingoistic anthem.
On the home stretch on a piece for a venture capital pub on where VCs are putting their cash these days in statups commercializing DNA.
.Betty (my car) is going through her cycles and decided to overheat on the beloved 405. Let's see what surprise she has waiting for me next.
Listening to the radio Hits103.3
I was in love with a Sagittarius..
Enjoying book Orgs don't Tweet, People Do. Making me think, which is always good!
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: Sports fan who loves his team so much that he starts to HATE them, a weeping family, fallen hot dog
Great seeing you last weekend!! Hope to see you again soon! Xo
I never miss public library work than on the days when I wouldn't have to go to work.
he's adorable<3
Shame on the Ohio senate for union busting!
oh relax mwah
Rain today. Maybe thunderstorms this afternoon.
I never said that. I've been reading everything since October. Great job to you and Great reporting!!
First homecooked meal post-circumnavigation (meatloaf, roast potato, Caesar salad). Don't miss ship food at all.
:) Yepp us too. We like both, just depends on what dish were enjoy it with!
depends on how you define importance, hoss.
Simplicity is the peak of civilization.
Goin to see Rogercreager and Katha Harris tonight at the Exit Inn!
What does Malick tell his actors? "Great! Next time use an even lower voice, like your dying breathe."
haha okay. I shall fangirl over SuJu for two weeks
Wish I was out & about for record store day, but alas, I am at work. Wanted Anberlin - Never Take Friendship Personal.
heck no :(
i honestly don't know why people start shit , but the best way to solve it is by killing them with kindness (:
do u want to video chat with me
K, now that the UWO baseball games are canceled today, here's the plan: I'm gonna sit in my room and listen to the Gin Blossoms all day.
happy v-day to u as well! I know I'm *already* blessed! :)
Happy b-day I hope u have a nice day with your family:) lov u!
On average, cell phone users replace their phones every 14 months. Million dollar question is, what is happening to those old phones?
then go cower in the corner sissy
haha im not saying it's bad ! it's just different ...
I am completely surprised...I have lost all faith (what little there was) in Beej
the do-it yourself market is booming. A lot of guys going that route. And Do-It Molds has the stuff you need.
I say that every week
Oh these? These are my crankypants.
I'm taking a personal day!
Searchable by subject tags (tree, robot), type (pixel, photoshop, swf), size dimensions, color num (256, 16, etc)
Monday, Monday ... There's always Happy Hour to look forward to!
Needa go to a show to release some stress fuck
. Um, we LOVE that you guys do all the tweeting for us! Thank you!
Fluffy and softly blushed are never good qualities in a man.
Have a good night everyone, I hope everyone's weekend was enjoyable!
at the eLCC meeting. I just linked all my social networking sites with Ping.fm
Protesters getting ready to march
win a bracelet and we'll match that in vegas....
Get there early 4 beer bar & get the best crowd,djs, and specials all nite. $1 beers,$3 u call its,$3 shots,$3 bombs hosted by
what will it be???
hosted by: Jababa | Wasi | Coverage by: #Hot105 This year will be a movie!
“: huh?”ask your cuzin what I meant with her bird watching ass
Thought I was broke, but somehow missed the $50 in my wallet #i'lltakeit
really?! You wouldn't mind giving them to me?
Santorum cannot beat Barack Obama. Period.
Not yet. Little guy still won't sleep! Soon I hope.
Just signed up for Twitter!
As KILLA said before ..DON'T GET MAD, MAKE YOU SOME MONEY NIGGA..LOL
No details yet. But given that he shot himself in the chest, it's not a big leap
Who wants to go to Dominica or St. Lucia when it is cold outside? Check out my website slifoundation.org and check out our work!
i am crabby today. not sure why. maybe i need a nap.
LADIES: don't be his OTHER chick...be his ONLY chick.
HELP! ...any recommendations for good project management software?
want to be in a fan video for Austin and Alex?(:
good luck! Hope it works out for ya!
We may be slightly drunk.
Dropped a little something in the mail for you from Disqus... let the anticipation build!
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten
In Spain?! How amazing!! Please share a photo of what your view looks like!
Thank you to all my friends and family wishing me luck on my job interview(: means a lot!
Party in Spanish tomarro!!!!
Going to fail my history test..but I'll just blame for kepping me from studying :-)
Just took down like it was nothing. #hard8. And now Air Force One is on...
LAWD I DONE FELL OFF THE COUCH!
apparently mark richt has called #psu about the job...interesting
It's almost time!! has your lunchtime mix fix!! Tell me your tuned in? Please? Buhahaha
You too! Keep on kicking #journalism butt! I can't wait to see how far you go in this biz of ours :)
So glad has joined the Twitter world.
Amanda Warembourg: Truth is Karma really is a *7^*h and i just got b*^*h slapped!
its all good with me… at least Flacco doesn't get a Super Bowl in his only chance.
study results pointed to gender role orientation as a stronger predictor of both general self-efficacy and social self-efficacy,
If you don't get paid by check and someone tells you you have reporting obligations under 408(b)(2) question it - Ferenczy
Seeing the tonight at GWU. I know they play the Beatles but I'm hoping for an Imperial March to celebrate
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. ~ Andrew Carnegie
Which amazing Sinatra song crooned, “She’s a knockout and a beauty, and a flirt”?
3 key points to TCO: changes to global capacity vs demand, accelerated life cycles, expanded sourcing factors
it's not mandatory
I think I'm near the point of breaking..
His voice.. Makes me melt like a popsicle on the fourth of july!! <3
yea if your a dirtbag.
"Man I need this recipe for this sweet tea." oh my cousin.
Thanks, Sandra!
MERRY/HAPPY CHRISTMAS EVE EVERYONE!!! :)
Too bad the final will b mostly reserves because of the yellow cards.
Great win.
Working on a paper on televangelism and affect- had to watch a Joel Osteen video and feel slightly ill now.
I have a crinkley wrapper FHEHCNEJCNSJWHXNSJCHEHCJRHVJRJFJFNTJVJFJSIWIXIWOCHDNCJEIFJRHGHVHTUFUCUWJCBEBCHEJFJFJFJFJBJGNBHDJCJSJWNXMA -sorry
This Friday and Saturday's games have been moved up to Thursday and Friday. Both still stating at 12 pm, Double header on thursday
you've been on the phone for that long Deng!:o Me &aaron used to be on the phone for longer tho. Like 3hours! :o
oh Leo. Lol.
HB1450 would ensure that federal education dollars that MD gets go to supplemental education programs for low income students.
Client work on a Sat - eeeesshhh
Holy fuck, it's going to be 90 degrees today
Another day, another unexplained delay on
I am beginning to question how I ever lived without tempeh Fakin' Bacon.
Video editing allows you to embed from the Web. While this reduces file size, we don't control the file on the Web.
Next 2CC show coming up in OCT 2011....Stay tuned.
Packed and just about ready to go....back to the real world! Yay.
DID I MISS SOMETHING? IS 'THINK LIKE A MAN' THE NEXT BEST MOVIE TO BE RELEASED IN AMERICA? 45 MILLION IN MARKETING&ADVERTISING WELL SPENT.
I fly like paper get high like planes.
Business Q&A: Jim Clark, chairman of Oklahoma City's BC Clark Jewelers
I can't believe I forgot about impractical jokers
I'm seeing The Trend of Trending at #sxsw - curation, aggregation are the same; you can win by watching trends, getting ahead of wave
Dissapointing that Fox recycled set-up/music for their soccer broadcast. And Peirs Morgan? Having an accent isn't a credential.
Did anyone in dance record the jazz combo?
I am. These guys are bad! Arie or Charlie are my guess.
Yep! Good thing is showing another episode... is this old or new? Why haven't I seen it if it's not new?
Thanks Kelly! Glad you learned a lot. Thanks for tuning in! RT Great webinar by today :) learned quite a lot!
We are so excited for the upcoming season! Lots of changes, lots of work, and hopefully, lots of lives changed in the process!
looking for radio show guests? I have one who can speak on the mortgage fraud issues Contact me 4 more info
Love it! Are there any other Facebook pages you recommend? 's making me thirsty for even more inspiration.
Babies. The other STD.
Gotta sleep,goodnight guys ~
Taking a nice long cold shower after beaing outside sweating in 95 degree weather all day >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
My interview with is up on our website at FM 93.7/AM 1510
That awkward moment where you spend 10 minutes thoughtfully perusing the menu when you really only walked in to use the bathroom.
great training session tonight! Stop beating up on small asian men, sir
yes he does!
MT PBS Frontline: "Are We Safer?" explores Sacrificing Civil Liberties & Privacy to Fight Terrorism
Very well said.
Thanks for the mention
I'd love to! I'm already scheming about making a return trip. How about in the fall?
I do, but only when it's right after work.
I stood outside my classroom the first day of school to greet students in the morning.
abou to get me a glass of wine sit in my studio and get it in Yes :)
This sentence that you have managed to type indicates, more than anything, the level of stupidity you possess.
I'm 20 min into Up in the Air and my first thought is: I love every actor in this movie
haha aw cute. I don't see you #rockinout with that iPod shuffle tho?
BAHAHHAHAHA that's so random lol I love her
i had to let her go cuz she wasnt workin rite
a few more people are talking about the black turf. i suppose the heat wouldnt be an issue with an on field cooling system
On the hunt for a Recruiter gig ASAP! Inbox me with any leads, thanks!
The awkward moment when someone uses the public restroo, doesn't wash their hands and walks past you like
I really wanted to go to ROFLCon...maybe once I get the book done.
UGH COMING
love you siblings. can't wait to be reunited!
An artist is never ahead of his time but most people are far behind theirs. -Edgard Varese
Are you a small business owner in Richmond? If so, tweet us so that Solutions Mortgage can promote your services to our followers
Kansas & Baylor only teams left yet to face a single digit seed in tourney.. Both get 1 seeds as first test on Sunday
Break time peeps!
I would appreciate it.
#WhyDoIAlways develop feelings? I hate feelings..
my fave hair was the slicked-back, high pony with hair as the hair-tie. Uber-original!
Now on 102.1 San Francisco, and always on 98.5 San Jose.
Thank you, Dondre. Your poem/speech to the instructors was very touching. It made a lot of us tear up.I'm going to miss you.
Hi! unused hrs don't rollover to the next month. If you not sure you will use all plan hrs signup for www.asksunday.com/ondemand
meetings.... Studio later before work.... Who else is LOVING
A man asked a fairy to make him desirable & irresistible to all women. She turned him into a credit card.
SW ABQ may have to wait until the next round...pushing across I-25 now...
RT Only thing I'm commited to nowadays is sleep. Sleep and me till the end.
they totally forget... i've had people from high school who abused me try to add me on facebook. like, beat me up
Imagine a parallel universe. No, I'm serial.
In Georgia! Hello Georgians
message me
thanks for supporting us with Cuts 4 a Cause!
They seriously creep me out. *shivers*
83 is a good innings
jaxonnnnnnn. hey! Haven't talked to ya in a while. What's up?
apparently the thing to do is tweet!
Wow! RT : I worked for a fine jewelry store. Owner handmade creations & did jewelry repair. 90% of his biz was repairs $$
Singing Amalia in "She Loves Me" 2 Morrow nite! Excited!!!
I don't think you realize, I was dying inside.....
I love ❤ just thought I'd let everyone know....he's an inspiration ❤ & if u haven't heard of him, get ur butt on YouTube!
just show up to like after school practices and she won't bother you
#youknowyouraskellwhen you try to pay for a hooker with ur ipad
LL's opening monologue was so moving and inclusive -- almost brought me to tears.
I know wassup , and you not wassup!
Great NINES/18thConnect meeting in Dublin today; Gale, ESTC, Adam Matthew, & Literature Compass all eager to share data & collaborate.
You are now my life.
let's party ^.^
Dear Teacher, 'If the bell doesn't dismiss me, then the bell doesn't ... decide when I arrive.' Case Closed..woman.
Oh, I can live! I just wondered what happened to the Mandinka soap and have been stalking your shop to that end.
very interesting.
i don't have a problem with tebow, especially in Jacksonville. He has to have a chance to start, or backup a true starter
I just did. No microwave in our place. Making orange marmalade chocolate bars.
we only wish we ALL could have been there! Does do fun employee contests, too? I sense a head-2-head challenge..
Saw this bumper sticker : Many who wait to seek God at 11th hour die at 10:30. Hm
Today's unemployed are in career transition.
Lake Houston Area Home and Garden Show featuring speakers Jim Dutton and Ellen Delap www.lhaevents.com
You are too stupid to play this game.
Hispanics then? They are not even a foot away from each other but yet yelling.
“: #Sagittarius gets irritated easily... by stupidity.” LOL YES
I hate calling you followers, you're just fucking awesome people who are nice enough to follow me :)
I actually went yesterday. Loved it! My boyfriend lives in chinatown. What concert is today?
#canibehonestwithyou an inmate in west virginia almost beat #obamaFAIL in the democratic primary. Bwaaaaaahahahaha!
I know! Lmaoo RT : RT son leave Randell alone, he is trying to do right
i love #basketball so much that i ran 45 #suicides for a total of 4.28
Thanks so much for the shout out! :) XO I actually just meant y did u change ur name, but I like Real Mr. Terrific :)
Club was to live last night. Shit didn't end till 6 in the morning !
Headed to the dentist. As weird as I am for saying that I like mouth pain, I have a feeling this might top the charts and not in a good way
Hit me on the two way
I completely agree. Denver has great sports media ppl & you're one. Den glad to have u. I heard that classless ad they ran on 1023
being offended .
i thought i told u his name waz buzzkill an wow
Have a good weekend, everyone!
What awesome #deals have you found lately? Share the savings!
If you want some amazing senior pics, book now with Shalem Photography! He's looking for senior models as well so call him! Or talk to me :)
Remember, your shine starts with your shoes!
Husband at a golf outing, both kids finally napping.. Deep breath. Relax.
thanks for the RT!
It's nature's will, and I'm against nature. I don't dig nature at all.
wish you could be there, too! i have a feeling florian will be back. hopefully, we'll get good recordings. :)
Ear infection...in BOTH EARS??? C'mon, seriously?
'---------> killing dreams & hurting the weak...one tweet at a time ...no that takes skillz!
I figured it was a trigger
Gonna be putting up the Christmas decorations & tree(:
Follow us at
ahh yea, I agree with that. I thought you meant the sniper part. The first time I did that, I jumped right in and got owned.
I have slept 8 hours in 4 days? At what point does one begin to hallucinate while under the power of insomnia?
Crazy Friday college football. Great game
ah!! Best tweet ever.
i WILL ask.
WOW,THANK YOU! we appreciate your compliment! RT : Looks really cool.
The world is depressing. I'm going to bed.
Auto correct on my phone hates me.
RT : #BioBuzz & to host a "Science of Beer" social w/ More details to come later this week...
Nice bro! I'll have to jump on that too!
And the older, and now extinct, name for the inhabitants is Dorpians, from the Dutch "Dorp" (its nickname) meaning town.
I love my mom, she made my my favorite breakfast. :D
Staff Christmas Photo shoot tonite at The Place along with Dirtywater TV 10pm
Sorry about that. our RSS feed puked which caused our twitterfeed to push out the old notification..
i'm gonna ask my aunt if she'll take me. lulz.
2 hourss!!! bro its 3.03am here in australia im njot waiting till 5 babe make it now <3 the sooner the better follow back x
ah im so stressed!! cant wait to do my #Insanity workout tn!
Drawing smiley faces on peoples' back when they're sleeping.
Only in Balto: man gets out of his car at red light to take a leak in the street.
the part about cutting off of the fins is devastating.
doesn't matter we can decide on the way lol
Flight attendant said we leave early if people hurry up/sit down & wild eyed/haired lady in Xmas sweatshirt screamed 'YEEEAHH!'
I actually had to use my iPhone to make a phone call
#FollowMeCody Pretty Please You won't regret it :D Love Ya
Can we please separate the meaning of a HO && a LADY cause these hos getting to comfortable this year...
Everyone doess. lol. 4 homework i have to collect leaves how dumb is tht??! lmao.
I WILL B WATCHIN'
yeah dang work is always getting in the way but it was fucking awesome congrats you 2!
: Not saying to dump Thibs. He's good, but not cutting it in the playoffs. Last year they had problems too. He's gotta learn.
ops I fuunked up! Officially following! I am number one fan brro!!
Wrapped on one edit gig; on to the next.
Looking to make a wellness oriented New Year’s resolution? Follow through at the new Gold’s Gym.
Why am I on twitter on my phone &' on my laptop????
Our thoughts & prayers be with the Tim's family & New Destiny Church as they mourn the loss of Dr. Pastor Zachery Tims!
thanks for the followand support Nancy hope you enjoy the rest of TC and come in to next time you are in the chi
oh my god, thai sounds amazing right now
Good Morning guys !
Ha! Rt : I can't wait for the first Presidential candidates who grew up with a Facebook account.
Being able to sleep in >>> :)
Congrats to for winning a pair of tix to see the #Brewers play the Cards on Apr. 8. We'll give another pair away next Wednesday!
I think they should've named the show "Soul Patches"
me too!
Lol wow I got my phone taken away.
Thanks for the #ff! I don't feel random, though :)
Diversity and inclusion is critical to Henry Ford Health System.
You have to believe that you're the one in a million and show up every day on mission. Dream big, dream often.
Omg painful
'06 Los Carneros #syrah. So good. Unfortunately we are finally reaching the end of the 2 cases we got last year!
"Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves." -James M. Barrie
I hope we at least get a delay tomorrow.
thanks for mentioning today!
then lets play! I promise I'm not that bad..
Is Maya cheerleading?
#FatTuesday is just one day away! Come to #Fridays tomorrow to try our special #SoCo Hurricane drink and pick up some celebratory #beads!
Catching up on RxR for a few weeks peeps....be good
Madonna is 53 and performs better than you. @ beyonce
so gonna videotape me drinking vodka in the guys restroom at walmart haha
Thanks! I appreciate it.
mornings are always cold
So I woke up sick bummer :(
hey John can I get a rt to help get my follower count up?
Follow for make~up tips ladies!!!!! LOOKING @ SOME OF YALL PROFILE PICS.....TRUST U COULD USE THE HELP!!!!!
My friends always ask why i tweet alot , fuck you think twitter is for -___-
So nice to hear Nick Lowe and Rafael Saddiq during my drive time this week. Thanks! Love our eclectic local radio.
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.
Lots of RTs to call attention to Arizona law & Tucson school district's decision to dismantle Mexican studies program
#ChrisDavis says his pipes will be rested for tomorrow night's anthem
let's keep this shit going. #carlproblems .
Reading thru the write ups of #scotus and healthcare: 3 things. Reporters are lazy, biased and whinny
Daily Dose of Goodness: "Diploma" is Greek for "folded paper." And now you know what you really worked for all those years.
not looking forward to my 8 am final tomorrow morning. i don't even know the last time i was up at that time.
“: Almost 26 percent of U.S. adults over the age of 20 are pre-diabetics, and more than 35 percent of seniors, 60 and older.”
Think they all have dairy..perhaps we can find some sorbet or fresh berries when you visit?
Selena's alright Demi's just better& people can actually really relate to her music&it actually means more<3 I love Demi!
I'll txt ya
nice shirt :). Looks good on you
This Day in the Life series is good. Watched the one on Das Racists and Mario Batalia.
i never do all the talking
That was an album by ALL.
l ♥ your pic
Happy birthday princess 👸👸
main is going to be the street this summer!! downtown on fire !! S main on fire!!
Oh, for my seafood lovers... Leola's Crab Shack is on the #TallyCardz... Best garlic crabs in N. FL. 15% OFF w/ a
Would like to hear some options for school start times my large urban dist is contemplating change
hey .. looking for you.
my app is messed up too, but they at least acknowledged the bug. Hoping that their monster computer is keeping track :)
if you wanna be cool like , then follow
u should cause trust is in luv
Corporate Resource Services Enters into a $12 Million Debt Conversion Agreement
Coakley's rape mailer was truly hitting below the belt, and I mean that literally. Talk about disinformation, this takes the cake.
Looking for a Bail Bondsman Call J-Shin Now..... 786-445-2171 Dade And Broward.. Lock this number in for emergency... I'm here for you.....
“: #MadeUpFacts #MadeUpFacts Jesus Christ has 12 followers before twitter was even invented - a miracle !”/ LOL!
#icantstandpeoplethat chew their gum like cows. ¬_¬
Why do I not have a record deal yet?
thank you so much for coming out 2 c #sarahswar ! so great to relax and c you 2!! Xoxo
Very true. One time I had to call Saturday night to see if I worked Sunday because it wasn't done on Saturday morning
had two hours of fiddle practice today in Tietgen's music room. Which is luckily soundproofed.
Yep RT : Romney changes mind on same-sex adoptions. So flip-floppy, he should be named Slinky.
Contentment is the greatest treasure. ~Lao-tzu
Good Morning!!
yeah I corrected my tweet right after. I forgot about that and remembered right after I wrote it.
Virginia is hungry.
View our large selection of #diamond #jewelry in #Austin, #Texas. We're having a huge liquidation sale in order to move locations.
So you know that you works with geeks when… you see a dude leave the restroom stall with a tablet. Guess newsprint is officially dead
No one seemed to care during the lockout that the #bucks weren't playing, so why would anyone care if they leave?
Groups are being directed to begin discussion.
may 3rd doll .
Ready for
Thank u!!
You can build world class parks, museums and restaurants but without quality school options families will always flee.
Tomorrow we'll back back for more #FoodDriveFriday! Bring your extra canned goods for 10% off your bill and we'll donate them for you!
love you so much! :)
Pool time!
what neighborhood? Bottomless drinks? Or nicer with amazing food?
haha. I haven't tweeted for decades!!!
don't worry I'll come to you :p -good morning homeslice-
Awesome, thanks
When will 2012 dates be announced? Already looking at NYC for next year!
Congratulations and thanks for being a part of our program!
It's ok, to be ready to settle down... Just don't be ready to settle for less... That's where a lot of people go wrong... (smh)
Glad I stopped in at work, so I could meet the helpful researcher who was darkening faded mss ink with a ballpoint.
Well, I'd miss and my puppies.
lol. We good. A on the way.
Bissinger says that 43% of the top 100 programs lose money on
Man, it's quiet today! Is there some kinda holiday coming up or something?
oh also i'm in France with The Men and it rules!
just wrote a new song in like 10 minutes -- might be a record!
#NP Drake - Cameras
you have a certain person in mind, or that going out to everyone?
Campfire and a cigar tonight. You're all welcome to join me.
Calvin Johnson > Justin Blackmon > AJ Green
": Tina Fey actually coached "Kevin Gnapoor" on how to rap for the talent show scene in the movie Mean Girls."
yea..about that i haven't got my AP yet..has May's AP been sent out yet?...
awesome!!! glad you like it!
April 24 is Pig in a Blanket Day. We’ll clean 1 blanket/family for FREE on 4/24 if u drop off that day & tell the CSR you saw this.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 51
last man standing is a fav of mine, they are also great live! :)
Holy Moley it's raining in Austin, TX!!
. or are excellent resources for an appropriate response ; thank you for reaching out to us.
Full moon celebrations!! Happy full moon & shabbat shalom to all! <3
Annie just smashed my fingers!!!!...:(
I gotta let you niggas know the time like Movado. My motto, stack rocks like Colorado.
The rotating perspective animation means Bethesda's subliminal messaging routine has kicked in.
"Marketing is the new finance" quoted by at #digiday - I hope not! Up next: regulation, accusations, and protestors?
Everybody follow the club
thinking about her list for today
I hate drunk mfs!!!!!!! G control yo ass!!!
Happy New Years To Hope Everthin goes great thia year for erbody!! XD
Got another volume of Bukowski poems from the library.
Austin!You're amazing!Me and friend ran around my neighbor hood yelling #WeSupportMahone!Love you!Never give up(:
No escalators or elevator at 12th and G exit of Metro Center, stairs + allergies = unable to breathe
Mix lemon juice with vinegar & some baking soda to make a good cleaning paste.
Happy Birthday, dude! Hope all is well ...
thx for sharing out our tips!
haha..Tell me about it I did that yesterday lol
Just trying to laugh. My groups slacking today!
Ive that problem too! I often find myself late bc I am doing stuff am that I could have done when I'd time
Correct grammar ppl....correct grammar
huh? What's that have to do with Caleb? O.o
no you have to adopt my adopted team!
Just downloaded that new & Mixing Up The Medicine!
break from bike tour @ msm for a rehearsal...
My hobbies include childcare, Zumba, and finding cute dogs to follow on instagram
that was nasty... i hate when u sit next to someone and their body odor is on FRILL ,,,fuckin ridiculous. wash urself my dude.
You Know Am Gonna Kill You right ?!
Yeah, I use that for my music.
Good! “: Good...": Chumbawumba - Tubthumper good or bad? #FBA I Vote good!"”
I love you so much, you made this an amazing night. you mean everything and all to me and you always will babe, i love you <3
Maybe they should make a desperate "why don't i have a boyfriend, and why am i not pretty" complaint website. Because that's all i see now.
Nap. Then Showtime. As Budlite put it so perfectly. This taste like shit.
she's evil, Dude...LOL. but I love her anyway!!
Get amazing discounts with your California VIP Card at most bars in downtown! Call today and get yours for only $20!!!! 619.226.1121
Ew that Martha chick on my TL! <<<<
Gotta look fresh for my picture
I don't know how that's embarrassing considering that he Red Sox are better than the Indians?
Thanks for the pics! Amazing that story is still being told. The jar sold in 2005!
No doubt! Lightning to the Nation!
OMG where was that at ?
Just saw the Avengers! I did not understand it sometimes... BUT... It was really, REALLY good. Funny too(: go see it!!!
RT : Work Or School Tomorrow <
don't let those fucking haters get you down my man. The real fans will stick with you forever. Love the new album. Keep rockin
Maybe, the holy spirit came to visit the other day ;)
True - but even those are not ultimately safe - if you are a politician or celeb, consider it all public.
wow D. Fisher is gone??? guess no more easy lay ups for PGs..LoL
The #rapture is just a grass roots social media movement with a bit of help from the national media who doesn't have anything to report :)
Oh Portlandia, I'll be glad to see you
RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama // indeed
hey Ariel! Really enjoy your show! How's #flying?
the edited one where it looks greenish and says "Representing: 216"
A funny RT On Earth, $#*! MY DAD SAYS is canceled, but not on United Airlines in-flight TV.
Guitar lessons, Chicago? Bought a guitar off my sister. Never too late to start.
I agree, but I think many folks are lazy and rely on "new" or "best" to be their creative and solution.
that makes sense.
Love it! RT : Thank you Jeff Parke RT : What just happened !!!
Really trying to get out of the Funk im in.
we bag corn syrup all up on the trap couch
Yessir.. they are...
. Thank you for selling some of the other things (besides chocolate) that make life beautiful!
I Rememba When Roll Bounce Used To Be My Fave Movie !
Rough Roostars - "Breakout" tour starts tommorrow in Ireland..
#Thingsthatturnmeoff when male/females acts thirsty
I tried to level work early to beat the big #ChicagoStorm and I got on the 1 westbount Metra train that gets delayed!
Tonight at we will review Fever and Mud Stompin' and teach Country Girl Shake it for Me! Lessons are from 6-8pm Tonight!!!
Love having you in the green and gold. Can't wait for next year!
#ThingsGirlsSay RT Popcorn needs to be banned in offices. Someone burnt popcorn last week and the office still reeks of it!
i, daniel tosh, herby give you the rights to my stupid sh*t ive gotten in my boring mirerible life...
wasn't this guy, but he did have a sweet guitar.
hear this
We only have criteria; since wikis change often, you'll have to check the page's history.
I hate when people question me for no reason, mind your business.
Woah. Three years ago I joined Twitter.
please can Justin Bieber come to poland? I love Justin so much(:
I was just gonna tell u I thought the same. It didn't sound like u at all especially the LOL part.
It's about time Friday. Let's get weird... obviously #cheers #👯
Psst! We're closing. Our founder opened #socialmedia shop & creative team is now Follow us there!
I never got into that show! It was too much for me, just from the commercials!
R u tweeting? No I have Tourette's. Do u have twitter? Lady it's a tic. TS is a neurological disorder and Im a bit self conscious.
In breaking news, Obama has come out against polio, but it's only his personal opinion
I hate changes!!!
sure you are.
I heard!! Tear gas, broken windows and all! Where are you?! Come say hi!!
can I get a picture of that?
Ohio State Choke Job
love it enough for an interview when we make it to St. Louis? You're stuff is a huge inspiration, seriously love it.
So the synopsis of Rowling's new novel sounds *very* British to me. As a Brit disguised as an American, I'm okay with this.
Personally never aims for the body.
Goones are on the move... looks like hunting season.. what fun what fun what fun we are about to have ;D
How do people not understand the affect their actions/words they have on another person?
I've had the sustained urge to start a matchbook collection lately. Does that sound weird? (Even as I ask, I realize how rhetorical it is)
I think Mark Canter's comment about Axl saying Finck was his Randy Rhoads was insightful
RT : sometimes all it takes is a smile to make someones day a lil better
Chris Steele from Regis Out Of The Cube Ideas for Extensive ILL Requests
Lack of time to do it "right". And I don't believe in doing things halfway
It's kind of scary when ur school catches fire like right in front of u.
Watching a prez about IBM's New CRM systm using Sugar. Wow!
Thank you Bob Geabhart!
Shoting in Brooklyn for
The moment when you're not going to Rock The Bells and the lineup is fucking amazing .. #TennesseeProblems 😭💔
As long as it's real bacon.....
“Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.” ~ Plato
There are two ways of being rich. One is to have all you want, the other is to be satisfied with what you have.
I know there have to be fun things happening in Boston on Memorial Day weekend. Anyone know what they are?
pick it up Saturday morning
“: Whoever ''Shawty'' is, she apparently has a lot of rapper boyfriends.”
Follow me sexy
To think you know a person.
it started when i woke up! and we have no fluorescents at home. :( it's a really weird ache over the right half of my head.
Risky Behavior - the average couple gets marriage counseling 7 years after they need it. Average length of marriage 8 years.
Working hard in the studio with our friend Brennan
Experience is the teacher of all things. Julius Caesar
Designing all day!
God rescinds pledge to Noah; begins in Australia.
hahaha, have you tweeted him? ;D
I'm going to marry
St. Kate's has peer money mentors prgm - Jinaa is leader in that.
Signed on to lead some exciting research with the USC Medical Campus on consciousness, misdirection and healing.
it's pitiful, but the issue is they still think everything is about them and not their kids.
how can I get pit passes for oct 23?
I threw a boot at & she fell of the bed, then proceeded to get hit in the face with a water bottle all in 2 minutes.
Why was a fish, cheese, and an unopened bottle of wine left on the body of a Green River victim?
Yes! Definitely time for spring cleaning!
You can make it through the morning, then come have some fun in the sun with me :)
what's happening?
Green-Ellis Gains no Yards on the Carry.
at the house.
I have no clue
but yea I'm down I'll go
Hey! We need a sleepover son!
GO Yanks!
Who will win Khali or World Strongest man ? RT if Khali Won
Oops its been a min u must be lost somewhere in Twitter land.
Happy Saturday everyone!! Have a great day!
agreed! I can't stand his woman voice!
#TwoThingsIWant house and a puppy!!!!
trying to get in touch with someone there about hosting a party there in June.
ahh I just saw thiss ! haave fun and ill be waiting :D
I learned from HAHAHAHA
IF YOU TRUST GOD LIKE I DO THEN WE GO BE GOOD AND YOU GO LOVE MY VIBE...IM YA BOY "DINGBATT" IM FROM DADE COUNTY!!! MIAMI!!!!!!
Welcome Back to Hawaii!!! I wish I will see you and here in the Islands RT
You can still register for this Sunday's Intown Ten road race in store at Phidippides, but today's the last day -- don't wait!
Thank you to Albuquerque, NM....KLYT! For adding "Breathe" by on their station.
and going, and a couple there, and it is Christmas!!! How cool is that? And a new CD almost ready to offer
The only real training for leadership is leadership.
Looking forward to my 10th year! A life-changing place experience.
I won't stop until they say Mike Valdes is the white
ok sounds good! I dont think she would have a problem with that!
it would make my life if i got a happy birthday from you today :)
you could add Halloween costume stores to the app as a temporary add!
Yeah their both Hell Gate actaully
#gotribe are there any standing too only tickets available?
