Well: Mixing Weight Training and Aerobics
omgg amanda it looks soo good :) its not short at all !! dont worry !
Thanks for the mention.
Try do boat in a yoga class with a smile. Does not get easier but looks better for sure:)
On the road to Champaign with , and Vanna!
is that a joke?
Thot if my cell phone was no longer good for calls i would just use it as a camera with memory card.
Girls need to #STFU about that love Shit
Prosecutor: #Huguely "A 200 plus pound Div 1 lacrosse player grinding" Love's face into the floor.."isn't that malicious?"
good morning people
…or coat hook!
Are you a biz writer who's dialed into cle's startup and growing-co. landscape? If so, get in touch.
Boston getting weird with and some miami boys hahaha
My life earnings gone down the drain. Grimy niggas! Can't even trust yo own so called family. I can't believe this!
you never but in friend you good love you :)
Just wondering what you are thinking about right at this very moment
thank you :)
im the biggest fan ever!!! i talk about you non stop at school and ur even my twitter pic and my computer pic!! Please notice me!!
The core of being is unconditional love.
#CACEROLAZO ?! what ?! Ok I support
The weather is perfect today for paddle boating at the Tidal Basin. Take in the sights of the nation's capital & get a sunkissed glow!...
anyone know any stores in their area that might want to carry me/us/the picture?
!! Imagine these characters will spend most o'their time insulting others, widdling into open car windows, etc.
Ugh stuck in class. I want to leave!
Higher Gov Interest Rates = Higher government spending - build 40,000 schools, gymnasiums, sewer systems, high speed rail, etc. Hire artists
how long are you gonna follow Me? Lol
RT When you eat the entire frozen pizza by yourself, the slogan changes to “It’s not delivery, it’s depression.”
GOT Mi TWO FAVORiTES AT HOME SOME SEXY &&ND Mi FAVORiTE iCE CREAM...💋🍦
You either get better or you get worse!!
- thanks for connecting and welcome!
Only in washington. I woke up to rain then it snowed now sunshine....... wtf...
Thanks for the RT! Hope your week has started out great!
friday is forever we belong together so come on, come on, and don't you say never
starting to train for Tour de Cure Oregon
Let's do this!
What time u goin 2 record day
YOLO is not an excuse to be a complete idiot
#sdmayornp city channel 24 for nonprofits
he's like 5'7 160 how is that hott??? Hahaha and yes he is quite the asshat
In a 90s hip-hop kinda mood & 93.5 is delivering
I'm in a giggly mood tonight, which means I'm in rare form right now folks. 😂
No reason to perform Live Honey Bee Removals on nests that are like that last pic. Way too risky. And who wants mean bees, anyway?
Ready for a speedy flight back to the Milly. Sunny afternoons at the Phoenician pool staring up at Camelback will be missed.
PLZ FOLLOW ME (: I NEVER GET NOTICED BY YOU GUYS ):
WHAT!!! i guess cause u from the mid-west... that movie was/is a classic...
Haven't seen the Rick Perry ad yet, but when I saw a still from it, I thought it was an ad for Viagra or Cialis.
happy friday!
I think it's like 10 or somethin it said on their site
Almost time for the sedan race.
Steve Harvey has his own line at K & G Fashion Superstore
Thanks for the retweet!!
So glad the power went out on the plane while boarding...so hopefully it doesn't happen as we throw this skyscraper thru the air
Clickbank Scams? - Viglink Review - Affiliate Links Made Easy
Get some sleep, Zack. //RT : I think the Titans made a crappy pick so they could get talked about again now that Preds have ppls attn
OF COURSE I'm similar to Stupid Twitter stating the obvious...
All guys change when i get to know them :/
I hope we get more beach towels tomorrow..
LOVE you and miss you too! Come open a burrito bay here!!!
How to keep workplace humor from falling flat
RT: Middle finger is used when words aren't enough for people to understand that they're annoying.
Right? Doesn't #Amtrak go from #PennStation? Guess Penn is too ugly a backdrop for the scene ;)
I totally agree
Hang around Columbia and 18th NW if you want to see some interesting taxi hailing techniques. One I just saw was almost a Nazi salute.
I'm back in town. Let's grab a beer and talk guitars!
Don't forget about the clowns... those damn sneaky clowns.
Mane I love music!!
cant wait to see you and Sally
Good morning Shock fans! The USA Women's National Team have been placed in their Olympic group with France, North Korea, and Columbia.
“: When I finish writing script for my project RT: keep me posted. :)
RT : VJIII gets a standing O. let's win it for him #iubb!
According to the CIA, the US is 93rd out of 133 countries in income equality i.e. the difference between the haves and the have nots. Jus...
So what recording of Beethoven's Fifth do we think that was in tonight's Mad Men?
Great job, Beautiful Freaks! Can't wait to hear "Honestly" on !
Bout to hit these links. Shot gun start, yeah buddy! Starting on a par 5
Collecting resources for a crash course in the Devon #accent, anyone got some?
I over heard my new coaches talking to my dad about me being on the traveling teaam & I was like "I don't think so !!"
omg hi guys!!! :D I haven't been on in FOREVER! -Rachel
"Quick work real organized. I really like the spread sheet for the data."~Scott, Virginia, US
Hates working when he could be home playing Madden
": THANK GOD for your Happy Hour at Indigo on Thursdays... Perfect Prof. Sexy Crowd! Good LOOK!" <- Thx for coming!
not by choice my friend!
He saw you. He met you. He wanted you. He liked you. He chased you. He got you. He had you. He got bored of you. He left you. He broke you.
Multiple jurisdictions pay in from the Va side. Nit sure if Maryland splits into counties.
RT : Quote of the Day: "The US has interfered in the domestic affairs of China, the Chinese will never accept it." Liu Weimin,...
I just found out my membership to your website expired, I will have to wait until friday to renew it. :(
Thank you, for another day. ❤
heck yes!(:
Tomorrow at Salute. UR Supermodels after party. Beautiful models, artists and more...after the fashion show.46 East Superior
Wish I was at #4c12, but if I have to be at home doing diss revisions, at least this chapter looks better than I remembered.
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
how do you RT?
bye bye sarver....
Get better Evan!! <3
Reading the bible chill I might clean later . . . .
Dame Helen is great. Thanks for the RT. I love Canada!
Oh wow
Yes..screw that. My levels of motivation have just hit rock bottom. I think I'm going to sleep...if people in this damn house would be QUIET
because stupid I told you earlier that I know for a fact that you are over me then you tweet that today, duh!
An apology is not telling someone Ur sorry and in the same breath blaming the altercation on the other person..Grow up dude!
RT : Amazing that after interminable grey & rain, the sun is out for JUST the 2 days of my & reunions.
Its so funny seeing the people on Ellen that don't have any rhythm when Ellen dances at the beginning of the show
“When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.” ― Abraham Lincoln
okay :) how are you?!
Do not always prove yourself to be the one in the right. The right will appear. You need only give it a chance. -C. H. Fowler
Where are you seeing the comments?
#ISOCDC chapter suggests that future #GlobalINET meetings use Pecha Kucha format in night club setting. UN room deadens discussion.
So you talk to me . Then go talk about me. So I can't talk to you anymore. Okay. Mad. Ugh .
wats u bout to train for tho
If you can lie to someones face to make someone else feel bad you have some major problems.
After studying this stuff for 30 yrs it still blows me away. Peoples families, genders, and sexualities are totally fascinating.
Come to for $2 domestics $4 well & wine, cosmos, appletinis & Bungalow juice $6 appetizers! What are you waiting for?
Aw, thanks - we left before I saw this. But had a great dinner as always!
San Antonio: Fog next couple mornings. Easter, AM clouds then p/cloudy with a slighty chance for a shower. Today: AM fog, M/Sunny, High 89.
The Quest for Beer.
your pass to setup the 1st goal against Liverpool in the FA Cup final was sublime. Brilliant creativity. Just watched it...
I've been using like three emails a day. Hope this works out :) See you in Atlanta sir<3
Thanx for the mention--glad to see you back! :-)
Well, will play Syracuse at 6:15 Central time on CBS. Looking forward to it.
Ty Lawson just literally broke ryan Anderson s ankle hahaha
You'll be driving it soon!? You know I'll need a twitter play by play... this is a must.
Good luck, Konrad!
Some girls dress like such hookers.
Life is back to normal,survived the holidays and back to performing six nights a week! Life is good.
No, just original Caddyshack
You're a fine piece of real estate and I'm gonna get me some land.
Great people talk about ideas, average people talk about themselves, and small people talk other others.
That's a first in quite a while:P You guys should do something in Orlando soon because I think I'm going through withdrawals XD
“: No!!!! No bullpen, no bullpen! #Angels”// #OCRAngels bullpen is to #angels like d'oh is to Homer Simpson
Ahha family guy
RT : Follow these people or a rabid meerkat might chase you through the streets:
He snarls. I remember that issue. My brother and I subscribed to Inside Sports back in the day.
THEN WHY NOT SUPPORT AND HELP BRO BUT I FEEL YOU THO FAM GOOD LUCK BRO REAL TALK
By the way, call your mothers, people.
Maybe your dick is so small because you took 3/4 of it and shoved it into your personality!
hahaha ok but what do you mean?? :)
Helpful Hint: When it snows, shovel away from your furnace and water heater's direct vent exhaust locations to prevent blockages.
It's a good sunny day here in the city #goodmorning Houston. 🍃🌾☀☁
I love so much :) but they need to spread to California like San francisco!! I really wanna see them :) <3 #she(for Liz) bestsong
Chef Geoff Tyson's is the PERFECT spot for EVERYONE!!
I'll look into what may have happened. Again, I'm sorry for the poor experience.
I am so ready to be the #best field player ever! ;)
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." -Robert Louis Stevenson.
I love it when the titanic is on ❤
no like now... i wanna wear it the last day of school ;) how fast do u think it will get here? I'll buy it right now.
BIG-TIME announcement: Astrobrite live, October 20, at in Chicago. First show in 10 years. !!!!!
Filmmaker Michael Moore will be a special guest at the #nurses' NNU convention Friday night. Stay tuned for livestream details.
I love the Brazilian Butt Lift infomercial. Anything that can squeeze the word "butt" 45 times in a minute is pure comedy gold.
Our application form should be self-explanatory. If you don't need funding, no need to fill out the 2nd form!
where do I preorder
Niggaz all "Bark" no fuckn "BITE!!
their last strike, even. Unbelievable stuff!
Note to self: although the Elmer's glue stick randomly in my purse may FEEL like chap stick-it does not taste, smell, or work as so.
Gonna be a great day:)
What Jazz saxophonist performed on Marvin Gaye Soundtrack for the movie "Troubleman"????
I've written a fairly good amount of ruby, and yet if I don't write in it for 2 months even the most basic syntax escapes me.
Good luck to the #celtics tomorrow night! Let's finish the series off in Boston and get some rest before meeting the 76ers! Go Green!
Disneyland episode of Modern Family the night before heading to Florida? Yes, please.
U DONT LOOK BORED TO ME LOL
Ha, you're too sweet.
Just had the parents over for an amazing dinner. I didn't ruin the salmon!
make sure to RT 's post for that chance to win...
Hawks win
me too!
Even if its just complainin of you couldnt zone its a party
duh bieber in my room!! And nah just shorter lol
glad you found them useful! :)
don't worry, intervention coming! Try to hang on...
because we have to be honest. The Colts did not have the same overall talent then G-men had most years...
Sad, but true RT : Pepco currently living up to their billing as least reliable utility in the country.
Need to go to the store and get OJ and some CPAP water.(distilled.)
Who wants to be my friend?
Why do so many people say it's human nature to be suspicious of those who are different? Human nature? What's that?
This would be so badass...": When you're ready - I'm ready. Black Adam. #AColdNastyBadMotherFucker"
Thoroughly enjoyed Hunger Games movie.Gale was pretty much absent, but Katniss and Peeta were great.
Bless you. Bless you! BLESS YOU! MOTHERFUCKER I SAID BLESS YOU!!!!
Can you follow me??? :)
It was a lot of fun! Got to see my college friends and watch my bf's little sis graduate :)
One day I'll make you wish you hadn't let me go
I feel like I'm just wasting my time on you....
I just want unconditional and never changing love. Sounds like a relationship with Jesus!
We are now hiring Developers with api experience and Sales reps with phone experience. Interns welcome to apply!
!!!!! : I'm pretty sure the #glee costume department wants to give every lesbian a heart attack.
Youu Should Make A Fellow #mahomie Happy & Follow Me :D Please!(:
Hi to all my new friends and followers! Check me and performing stereo hearts together! YouTube.com/samuelventuramusic
It's probably old news among trend spotters, but I'm noticing the emergence of euro-style food retail in u.s. airports.
Hah, you could watch that. I don't know too many tv shows, so I can't really give you any suggestions.
oh who knows - just probably what she always does. How is your new job?
On Mon, The Nat. Assoc. of Broadcasters broke new ground by offering for the first time to pay musicians when they play songs on the radio.
What the heck how did I get there.
He had the world but he thought that he wanted more, he's the guy that you should feel sorry for.
Late to the party I know, but thought you did a wonderful job in Young Adult!
Start Monday off right. Come in for lunch and enjoy the Classic Club. Dinner we'll be featuring cheap ribs as always.
Wanna DJ a show tomorrow at Franks?
"Good design is obvious. Great design is transparent." - Joe Sparano
love you too Jay<3
Agreed-Mumford and Sons are amazing. Best album in last 5 years imo
Happy Mothers Day! Treat all Those mothers out there to dinner at Shorty's!!
So proud of for all pulling together for the film competition!
Yaaaaay finished with my paper, but now it can't sleep -_____-!
#edchat #edadmin May/June is a time 4 students 2 eval teachers in K12. What strategies R used to gather feedback from the 1st hand players?
I can't go, I'm sorry guys. I still haven't fully recovered :/ down for the next #goyleback though, promise!
Well done, Sir! :) That makes 2 of us now. :)
We are like tea bags - we don't know our own strength until we're in hot water. - Sister Busche
Anne had chicken pho and I had beef,beef tendon and tripe pho. It was god!! I like sukiyaki too. Great soup dishes.
Conned into ditching 6th. Ah.
Last Friday was my first time on ucla's campus without the intention to do something to it.
Yes. Because they have to stop their husbands from thinking Sarah Palin is "electafckable"!!!!
Omg tommorow is mothers day:)
5 miles on the Trinity
well if you can... or you can do... or how about...... na FUCK IT !! it wont ever work lol. MORE BLOWJOBS!
I agree RT : I hate people who are always sad GET OVER IT
Did you know we're closed for renovation? What would you like to see when we re-open late-Spring 2012?
He had a dream..
RT : If you give it up too soon he won't respect you. You deserved to be pursued & cherished. Make 'em wait for it.
I love you ♥ 1
make sure you guys follow I'm watching him kill it in Hall Pass...
I have kids that record into their iOs device for podcasting. One kid even did a skype interview using her phone.
It's a shame when you gotta delete a person from your life. Twitter, fb, phone #, instagram.... Haha shame.
Come to Minnesota and do this.
The replay clearly showed the foul before the ball was inbounded. Hawks should've had 2 FTs and the ball. Atlanta got screwed.
Ha - trick question! You CAN'T find healthy eats at USAir DCA!
Lead Off Man Means I Bat 1st Wit A #1 On The Back Of My Jersey Everytime MLB Gas GAME
Wow huge break for the #whitesox. Scott #Ullger should be fired for sending Hardy...he had just passed the 3rd w/ the ball in the infield!!
“: Alright Weeden!!!! Way to rep. Who cares how old you are! Weeden sucks
- Dear God, enough with the emails! I am now committed to buying from You've burned this bridge.
Oh yes, but that comic dude invented that back in 2005. Lots of copycats on youtube, including Teams. :D
follow back
well, cats do run the internet, you know. We have to be nice to them :)
Wishing people gave wcers the same respect they want from us. You make an appointment show up on time. Its that easy.
For more World Breaking News visit www.tncnews.com
#prayforlondon Please God protect people in London!!
lol nah she is cute as hell :)
Honey, don't do it. You're so sweet already. xo
I'm ready for bed and it's not even 8:30 yet!
I had the EXACT same thought on my way in to work. Harumph.
I want to see more photos and videos. Who's hiding the goods?
Look at you with the fashion critiques! I think it's perfect the way it is, but I do see your point.
Could the #Boston Red Sox win this game? NOPE! I noticed Fenway park was empty. When will they offer fans Red Sox Deals via
sorry to hear about the tragic loss there. Praying for u guys!
Obama got my vote 4 years ago and he'll get it again this time.
camera or body? Only one of those choices I agree with...
Reentry Anonymous Meeting Update: Monday,Thursday,Sunday 9p.m. conference call meetings - Ex-offender reentry support: www.reanon.org.
- how come you are not in Dublin? Great day and well done Eoghan
Helped 192 customers today and scanned 600 items!
I got a boy who I think I'm gone love forever.
That's because it's neogaf, bro
Blossoms are stupid.
Tonight I'll be the best you've ever had
Nice touch David Nelson ;-)
I miss listening to mix 94.1 Mark & Mercedes + JC around 7 am... It was like my coffee in the morning ☺😌😚
Apparently my fuel sensor is busted. Stranded on the side of 52E.
is smashing her twitter friends with NFL facts. I have a fact. I do recall Jemel clowning her team for resigning Alex Smith.
in this computer concepts klass waitin to board that plane
Great show & ! Missed the show? Tune in this Sunday at 9AM CST on
Nice weekend with old, and new friends. Thank you fantasy football for keeping my social life social.
Birthdays are like boogers, the more you have the harder it is to breathe. Lol happy bday hope u enjoyed ur day : )
haha got it, but The second one is close enough
s/o to for the love. and the cool sh*t they do for folks. i'll try not to disappoint.
Shit I am straight reppin my hometown of SAINT LOUIS MISSOURI
nd I are so sexy nd were single(;
Most favorite thing ever is talking to my 4yr old nephew on the phone. Love that kid!
Good deal&good4them! Didn't know much about him, knew they(Moline) were 22-9 this yr, but 4-5 in league, so I had no idea. Thx!
To understand Dominica, you need to go to church, which I don't do often. But today, I'm announcing my project @ the church. Wish me luck.
The news flood continues: CBS flips Active Rock WPBZ (Buzz 103.1)/West Palm Beach to Top 40 as "Now 103.1."
Oh noo :( Poor little one, where?
Early morning camera equip p/u for shooting of added scene with ...bound 2b an interesting day
Its so hot outside ;O
youre one to talk
Sanford + Son, Milli + Vanilli, steak + lobster, Champagne + strawberries = better together
I love have in my ear ifeel so happy and makes me wanna get up on this bus and start dancing. Lol. Not a good idea
Good seeing you today glad you are doing well with the new gig!
can u fly out of chicago?
Due to my injury, i am not able to get them there. the cakes are pistachio-chocolate-strawberry with truffle frosting
Happy to know you had a great time! See u soon :)
RT Q4)... We aren't here to change people. People are people. That's bedrock. That's our starting point... #lrnchat - Amen
The road less traveled is usually the best direction to take! Take a right on faith avenue and follow it straight down hard work boulevard!
looking forward to your updates, or lack thereof ;) lol
Thanks for following! I hope you tweet about discounts on your yummy food & drinks! :D
Rehab centers are depressing
We are taking over is having a blast
Parents can be the biggest dream killers.....not mine but in general.
Pick a Peck of Positivity - Personafied............!
I hate when I eat a meal and feel tired afterwards.
Hard on a bitch fo a reason
you still here? my laptop's wifi quit working >.>
I havent to been Louisville in forever that is deff on my schedule this summer
Great presentation from
my fiance edited it, and she edits for a living. Had beta readers read it at the end also.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles A Separation
Finally on a roll with grading, and school calls about my child's diaper rash. It's so bad they needed to call.
hi bob!
please follow
Pissed and bored
Mom's are always there first to set things up to welcome you to your next move, same as when you were born here on Earth. peace AL
Hey Mr Campbell...One of my Favorite people in the MIA...r u in town...want to invite u to Tracy Mournings event later
Chasing the Sun :)
My 12 year old sister has a better phone than me
To see behind the machinations of those fostering a hatred of teachers, read 's tweets, re: teachers create criminals
Q1: We don't have children's books in our museum lib, we have a "parent resource" room in the school & I would like to be involved!
I hope so! Happy Mother's Day to you, Caren!
um a thank you to fans vid?
Great. So I have that to look forward to this afternoon. Doing anything in that state is utter chaos.
Too excited for 's bday this weekend! Then right back to work on
done right and completely like it supposed to be with no problems.. hopefully it will be..hm
"Between SAYING and DOING many a pair of shoes is worn out." ~ Italian Proverb... Let your ACTIONS be your ANSWER to that TO DO list. ;) GO!
Good morning
I can't root for any Bos team so Sixers have my support this series
Excellent interview.
If dis lil freak dont cum do my hair she gone ashamed of me on ha birthday cause im still goin everywhere lol
Look who's talking. ;)
Hypothetically of course...
having this problem right now.
I'm pretty sure these Fabreze commercials are promoting rape culture
I'll be sure to check it out. Thanks for letting me know.
don't know that case
It really sucks when the Brewers aren't televised
Aerosmith : Rolling Stones :: John Kerry : Al Gore (too 2007?)
"So it's gonna take two weeks"--Jimmy Early as portrayed by Eddie Murphy
Over 10,000 homeless kids in Maryland. Students filling up shelters. Homelessness looks different than you might think.
I'm so glad we're like 100% Italian we get dark so fast <3
Were you at last night? Did you see our Spott team there? You still have a chance to join us tonight!
Julia:Hey Nicole you should draw Chad for Gwen. Me:Who? J:Chad. That guy? Or Chazzam. Whatever his name is. Me:Chuck? Her: Yeah.
Just found a moon globe in the trash. Now what tp do with it.
Gearing up for Library Advocacy Day!
I Dont Know You But Your Cute!(:
First bike ride of the season: short (just from work to home) but sweet!
4th quarter is no joke in Minnesota but let's see how they play at home......we are looking forward to them comin home
Want to help Girl Talk spread the word about 's new book? Use #THEDRAMAYEARS when posting on your Facebook & Twitter!
cleaning up condoms. picking up air plane parts. finding mini alcohol bottles. google searching students.
I like ur style
haha. Next thing we know, you'll be scrubbin' walls and bringin' in the laundry from "out on the line". lol
Thanks for the RT! have a great evening!
After reading the 6th Harry potter book, I always put counter clockwise stirs in when I'm mixing something
as in they should have headphones? (Ill ignore the touch screen part)
What's this Error 37 I keep hearing about?
HUGE thanks and #FF to the newest #Feastpdx sponsors! , , , and !
Missing terribly... But I know she's doin her thing in LA.
I always defer to for cheese tips- they are the best!
Great week to you too Mick!
Bill, nice set of logos. I was pinching & zooming on my phone & clicked one by accident. Liked ones w/ no text in particular.
www.kociradio.com women playing the blues: Lillian Green, Dinah Washington, Sippie Wallace, and Billie Holiday
Or #GEEBZ :) RT : I love that you can get anywhere in green bay in 7 minutes or less.
See you soon and thanks for the shout out!!
Alrighty #ds106, I am psyched to film something besides a student speech
You'll see 4 people on the group fanpage.wearing white & the name of the group is on the front of the pic.
that's what I thought!
Writing session oh ya
any other events that I should be notified of Brewster boy?
Great screening at #UN last night
Well thank you, I guess it's not morning until I go to sleep haha... sleeping problems!
Ugh, gibson u fugly...but u make it look so pretty
count me in :))
You're welcome! Happy holidays!
Big day today for the future of
Playing SIMON on my iPad on the I Wanna Go set to pass the time. -Britney
bruh you should know how much a lineman can change a team
Beat the Revs. RT : "Describe your feelings about the St Patrick's Day opener using no more than 3 words."
Have you heard of www.mypiloti.com ? They sell Italian racing shoes,. pretty cool.
Done with school forever bitches!!!
whey just had my first British mcdonalds;)
Today in Literary History: On April 8, 1955 Barbara Kingsolver (author of THE BEAN TREES and THE POISONWOOD BIBLE) was born in Maryland.
Tom & Jerry
I MISSED YOU, BABY.
Anyone at #Westminster, am looking for Kerry Blue groomer centrally located in Chicago.
You should give me a tour of set sometime, I'll dust off my ringtone too and have everyone call.
Fucked up, in this pasenger seat.
OMG! I hope you didn't miss Jersey Shore?!
Your Success Is Measured by Your Faith! If God Gave You The Vision , Trust Him Enough To Bring It To Pass! Wait On It!
Chocolate milk ❤
God sent me an angel.
Our photographer, , is one of the best in the Midwest, we can't wait to see the photos! :-)
Girls want a guy who says I love you every night and proves it every day. That simple.
Will hide from the rain with Susan Sontag's "As Consciousness Is Harnessed to Flesh: Journals and Notebooks 1964-1980."
jeez...there are a lot of twitter apps.....
im glad you came to my school it changed my life forever knowing that just one word can make a difference in someones life< 3
My Bloody Valentine discography remasters? Yes please!
The Road to SUPERDRAFT has begun! Band for the Tailgate Party to be announced very soon.
Yeah, I know. Maybe something just off messed up.
County jail privatization is insane
Thanks for the follow, we will be checking you out! Have a good one!
A nigga call you wife and I can't get mad but when someone blow me a kiss, you wanna get pissed. I'm pissed.
Count me in. RT I think we're going to have to start a mini-campaign to get to tweet more often - cc:
Sounds yummy!
#DASER Lynn Parenti is talking about the fish research facility at
Starships is my jam
no pressure! it'd be ideal if there were live video feed for these hearings...
That's real talk right there..u will save alot of trouble keeping it to yourself.
Who is Mandie?! I keep on seeing her name but who is she?!
Did you know you can create your own private lists on facebook just like you do on twitter? No more need to follow everyone. LOVE it!
TFTF trill & chill girl!
Who fought though?
yep! Well I did when I was in highschool
Running clears the soul and mind. The farther I run the more I see. Runners keep on runnin...
#atmovieawards MTV Movie Awards about to begin!!
What's filming in front of Dionysus? VEEP?
lol I can just imagine them fangirling about him
Just sent you homies an email!! :)
You're right! I watched a YouTube video of them live in 2011 and it's way better than a keyed VW. :) I'm over the bummer.
We love your new single #SaySomethin. <3 It's totally amazing! <3 You say my birthday in the song! <3
Holla if yu need me you allways going to be my boo .
When non-Autistic people want to properly be inclusive to Autistic people, they will RADICALLY change their funding formulas
PR's should be a coaching tool, but often they are performed by managers who cannot lead.
I undertand we all have opinions, but if you're loud mouth, you need to stfu.
thanks! So glad that's over with...
BOUT TO HEAD OUT TO COCO LOUNGE!!!!
I WANT TO MEET ANY ICONIAC AND KDB ILL BE WEARING A PURPLE AND GREY SHIRT I HAVE GLASSES! (:
third eye blind's jumper on repeat.
We reached the 5,000 gift mark! San Diegans know how to #giveBIG!
Ill meet you at home haha
OMC! Rosie could be my sister! Beautiful kitties! Just Beautiful.
#ff please RT! happy friday! thank you =)
Come #HappyHour with us this evening! RT : Jealous!! :)
I miss you guys. I ll have u guys over this summer and ill cook.
I havent watch any sort of porn in three months....... why??? idk lol
it's a great show - love it!
At work tired as hell 4 hours down 3 to go just now on my break still got too much to do smh!
I want some candy. .
Your welcome =] Thanks for following back! Sure.. checked them out and their really good! :)
Keep assaulting the wall.
this is a castle isn't it, there are tapestries!!!
blah i feel yuky.....
“: LSB is the biggest baseball blowhard on twitter. That guy loves playing shock jock.” Guhgree!
I swear, if you win that award, I'm gonna call you out on it.
How Hammons only uses the book <<<
Absolutely. Water conservation-education-activism is top of my list. Let's discuss in DM.
Picnic sounds good. Sand is awful add beer to any of those and I am far less picky.
no but i was in the front row and louis and nial held my hands<333333333
You need the 'Dream Water' I'm telling ya!
on from 1-2 tomorrow on makin wine and his first solo single in 20+ years
Hi! No but i work right next to BC. Are you? I can help you find a place if you ever move in the area.
We can't wait!
#s Nonprofit Health Center?s Cash Flow Skyrockets Using Atlanta-Based BCA?S Practice Mgt. System
I learned all the starting pitchers too -- so it's more like 15 f.y.i
FANTASTIC Job!!!!!!
The weather outside is perfect. Great night for getting together with friends. Haha jk. Going to the gym.
Im determined not to procrastinate while doing my final projects and studying
BRO IM FOLLOWING YOU
Last night was perfect
RT : Glad to have friends like and
It's definitely not the way it used to be😒
Love my wife! Married 12 years today! You're the best! Happy Anniversary !
Morning me hates night me right about now...
Let it rain, let it pour cause you don't love me anymore.
Thank you! I have fear of boredom now.
Any "Friends" fans out there? Remember when Ross is obsessed with the word "umami?" Do you know what that means?
One week until we start shooting The F List!
That would be a really cool job!
If I eat anymore of this dinner my stomach will explode.
Holly Molla Rocknrolla! Hope u have a chance 2 check out & dig you some Secret Skwirl, as much as we dig you! Best & success
Don't run out of fuel after the first day of finals. Fuel Up for Finals starts again at 8 p.m. tonight in the library. FREE coffee and tea.
Psycho teacher on the prowl
follow back--->
Good moring and happy Tuesday to all my tweeps!
"It takes a long time to grow an old friend." - John Leonard
#RIPMCA I'll be pouring out a little bit of my Brass Monkey for you tonight.
you are too kind, and possibly the only person who appreciated my news posts! it's weird not checking on courtney love anymore
happy day! RT : Busy here too, great week so far! Have a great night!
don't blame the tool ;)
Happy New Year!! Welcome 2011!!
I'm so tired. Good night tweeps 💤👋
I'm new to Twitter, too. Great resource for finding things that you otherwise wouldn't know about.
i.hate.school!
I love how you are still awake talking to me... You liar :P ooopss... I didn't blow your cover did I...? Hehehe
Brodcas line sport
Got the call i was waiting for from the Oklahoma historical society! Huzzah!
Shaking my head....Im not that nice.
just thought about sticking OKC's Perkins, then thought hmm sponsors.
A drunkin mess... We're probably goin out for a cocktail tonight if you're interested.
Don't be scared to let your dreams come true and let your talents show
Hello seeker Now don't feel alone here in the New Age, because there's a seeker born every minute. -Firesign Theatre
do you want to know what it is
that's what I do ;)
Some people have already developed a habit of not going through this process mainly due to having to pay a certain amount
Tex walks. I'll take it.
new shit out soon.
e, i don't know. i gotta consult my schedule. i might not be free. & fank you, fank you n_______n
that's just how we roll!
Touched down in NYC time to start the palace search with
hey man, what hood are you thinking?
I'm so glad you joined Twitter!
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James
What are you talking about??
Wait--the entire premise of this joke is whether an item sold or didn't sell on Ebay?
I shall retry uploading this track today. I promise you guys!
is there any update on this contest? Because I would love the chance to win and in turn advertise this market in Arizona.
Omg, what if this girls boyfriend is lying about having to work late and is out fuckin around?
Happy book birthday to me!
Thanks for the unbelievable,inspirational ride this year.You're a very special person.God Bless-All In
thanks girl! How are things with you?
I'm starting a petition to change America's national pastime from baseball to coloring.
thought you were going back to sleep? LOL
Follow me on instagram!!!! My username is iluvya_nojoke
hey its understandable. Where eyem from everyone runs with one team all year. And my one team is Oregon. That's who eye coach
RT : The hardest part about sending Navy Seals after Bin Laden must have been flooding the compound first.
He plays drums.
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page. Works great for all networks. Try it. BTW, follow 4 follow? :)
Thrilled for the Scot Lawrence for Putnam Co Magistrate team this morning! He worked really hard... very deserving!
the last of these daze <3 #winning RT : break time.
Guns N Roses - Crue, not new GNR, original GNR, if anyone could make this happen it would be Sixx, biggest rock tour ever!
Hi All -- this account is no longer active. All TVK stuff will go out through my personal acct -- -- so please follow us there.
#mm follow these illy bands!
Yes! That's what we like to hear! RT : You're welcome & client loves it - writing an offer!
You'd be mad if you were hatian too lol RT : THese Haitians on Texas Ave always sound angry
I miss my man.
Congrats to and their release party tonight at Live Artists Studios on S. 1st St.!
2½ years: Average length, from complaint to settlement, of an employment lawsuit.
best wishes to you and your family this week, Dan.
Those 2 drama awards were all I cared about. If anyone wins the comedy one's besides Modern Family it'll be a travesty.
I finally got the cold the rest of my family's been suffering through. Started sneezing up a storm as soon as I got home from the play.
Sickening, actually!
My question is - how many tweets can you do about cycling? I mean seriously :)
I kinda think '89-'94 was the hip-hop equivalent of rock's '66-'70.
What do Tony Danzas do then?
thank you 😊
thanks! and ur right. all the vids should load MUCH quicker
#ThingsIwantTheMost Is you
Can't talk or eat. I can barely open my mouth.
Funny hearing the "Jaws" music and looking at little Blanco hopping around out there. In a game of "Sharks and Minnows" he'd be a minnow.
Cool! Sam's Station has Marjorie Kinch artwork on its walls this month
John Carter it is
Can't let anything or anyone get in my way to accomplishing my dream...drama free.. So keep your distance If you bout that BS
Man, I really do have a sappy side. I'm slightly amazed at myself
between you and I, we played some sick defense on me today.
Thanks for sharing. We look forward to seeing you again soon!
Hahaha! I bet.
is now sold at the Sacred Wheel Cheese and Specialty Market in North Oakland 4935 Shattuck Ave. Give THanks!
Love your quotes and thx for the #FF love :)
have a good work out Matt! :)
im always going to love you 12712
thx to for great write-up of her exp with us! our customers love that tip is incl! hope we help change ur...
it wasn't an emoji it was just a regular smiley! ahahah
they made it close, but the #cubswin!
i don't make mistakes, i date them.
job title of the day: chief executive laundress and director of folding
you so peety...(in my kid voice) :-) I hope your day is amazing today!
Are you ready to get thinner than ever?
Happy Parent's Day! Come celebrate it at the bakery.
Pressure is the joy of the diligent and no sweat to an achiever.
#ratchetgirlanthem --- OMG. What do she have on??? She raaaachet!!
LUCIANA performing her hit single I LIKE THAT at WET NIGHTCLUB this SATURDAY 18 & Over PARTY 915-449-2066 CALL NOW GONNE BE SICK!
Oh, I hate power outages :( Hope all is OK now. Moving going slow, but tomorrow should see some positive action! 'Night!
come visit my ass! I'm a loner
Been working all day. Need a shower and some food!
If I had my way we'd never close our eyes.
Is that the Dune that David Lynch directed but washed his hands of? (This isn't talking this is )
Why Do Geese and Airplanes Collide? The biggest problem has to do with the land surrounding airports.
Agree!! RT : Wow.. that was a GREAT episode -- the best yet in my opinion.
Girl I feel your pain cause I have experienced it.
I wish there was #paleo drive thru/#fastfood / or restaurants...sometimes I'm lazy.
I wish Adele had an instagram.
where's my chapstick?!
in, on, wherehaveyou
Alright Brittany Ima Take Your Word On That
I just heard Ohio Senator Rob Portman is Romney's likely choice for VP. Rob Portman. Meh.
#thoughtswhilerunning boobs, please contain yourselves.
well, you're allowed to use google
Heavy D... real good dude
Let's do it man! I'll be there Sat April 14th for the HIS WOMEN conference and then OAKLAND CHURCH Sun April 15th!
Thanks, honey! “ Happy Anniversary Sweetie-Pie! #TweetSmooch”
a form of new slaves. That will continually affect the next generation.
RT : Aussie SIM-only MVNO Amaysim CEO: 35% of our customers are iPhone users, and we haven't subsidized any of them
I bet you're really proud of and how far he's come(: <33
@ the crime scene lol
Are you running a contest as an artist or for an artist? If so, Music News Nashville wants to help promote it. Email me...
Just watched today's show on DVR. You are awesome! My Hubby and I love watching!
Whaaa? The blogroll is for contributing bloggers. U wanna contribute some of ur posts re ur shows? DM me.
Its A Lost Cause.
ha!so it is a song.lol i knew it sounded familiar.lol
Anyone fancy giving me a new band to listen to?
New shipment of Kavita Scaves arrived! Just in time for #Mothers Day! Stop in and take a look at our large new assortment.
Hahaha all of these people are talking about Jared Sullinger's major - "Exploration" is just where OSU puts you if you're undeclared
Charles Mokriski: foreign educated and admitted attys must be allowed to register as inhouse counsel of foreign corps--they are vetted
you did AMAZING On so ramdom!
So Sin Cere R&B/Hip Hop Album on itunes and other digital store outlets. Contact info
argh - I was working in the back of the truck and had NO IDEA anyone had stopped by! My photographer told me about it later... fml
Now following:) FB!!??!
Raine has last minute colour and/or cut appointments this week and next: catch her before she leaves for France!
Alright, that talk is over. Next up is Andrew Nacin's talk at 2:15.
Whacha doin tonight?! - it maybe raining but that won't stop us! :) -Ashley
Going to soccer game(: Second to last game :'( Pretty sad it was an Exicting,Hectic,Winning,Losing,Crying,Funny,Quite,Perfect,and TEAMWORK!
Just because i said i was bored, doesn't mean i'm bored enough to clean.
today was fun but my friend amanda didnt come D: missed her! but i had chocolate graham crackers with crunchy peanut butter :D m yum!!!!!!
“ “ Never make the same mistake twice, there are so many new ones, try a different one each day.””
Just found out this AM that is off to China… Me? I'm going to SJ this weekend. Not cool.
The gym does sound tempting right now....": why when the gym is open"
Haven't started. Fell asleep at 8:30 last night!! AH!!
Fuck this shit is kicking my ass its an intense workout program only 58 more days yaya
Just had fun meeting with to explore some projects/collaboration with the Newman Library.
Hi Bill - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Nice blog by the way - keep writing good stuff!
Thanks for checking in tonight. Sheila Anderson & I will be back tonight to raise "$CASH$ For #Latin & #Jazz @ 8pm ET. Ciya then!
I'm willing to bet gives zero shits about Obama aides knocking him in the press over gay marriage
Toledo I the truth
that's why she's the extra...never the main attraction.
I'm wide awake and I can see, The perfect sky is torn, You're a little late, I'm already torn.
yeah training vs instruction makes a diff, but what are you looking to do?
not all tweets select ones
Will do. I'm a girl btw lmao
hey thank you for the follow back! chop chop!
pick y'all up at jsrcc parham parking lot at 12:30?
hey guess what?! This girl just turned 20! (:
hey coach good wins. Good luck on Saturday against the Ducks.
huh text me
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
What to eat in Dallas ? I've been away to long
I got a phone interview with Kip. Lol. Most awkward experience. Never had one. In person one next Monday! :)
yup need to get rid of Stras to have a chance RT : well if they keep making quick outs like that he might
It's arrived. 2012 Big Ten Outdoor Track and Field Championships week in Madison. Pressers with coaches Nuttycombe & Stintzi.
who wants to be the 3000 person i follow?
HUMP Day!!
slap some bones and watch the playoffs.
Yes sir <---I'd do almost anything you asked of me my brother. You Got That!!!
Yeah I still think about you but then I remember your not worth my thoughts cuz I wasnt worth your time
#HesJustNotThatIntoYou was not that bad...
u know its like i post a tweet and then like 20 different messages come after and its kinda wierd
The narrower your niche, the broader your market MT : "...the consumer hankers after specialization. - Susan Friedmann
. directors & , the illustrator, will be joining us for a discussion following the film screening, 1/25. All welcome!
I think it's the jerusalem salad and hot sauce at Sultan's that brings it out ahead.
When is this rain going to stop?!
i am. you like NEED a dress. its crazy that you don't have ONE.
Rose stay hurt now
There is always room for a man of force and he makes room for many
just finished listening to Fate, cuz I recognized the album cover for some reason. And I dig it. Seeing what else is good.
don't start sumthin u can't finish
TAKE TAKE TAKE IT ALL, BUT YOU ONLY GIVE SHIT AL
": we support that grind!" Thx hun ditto!
Ok so wats wrong w/a guy being affectionate to his gf, he loves me why do people have to be such ass holes at least he gets laid unlike them
. Little known fact, the Muslim Brotherhood is actually an Egyptian teachers union.
I emailed you...No reply
School sucks!
I bet and wont ever come back to New York City, but i will keep wishing for that day to come ♥♥♥ <3
aww so how's your puppy?
we'll take it anyway to get on base! strange hit for Gonze you're right.
I hate cockroaches too.
Thanks for sharing that with your followers! We hope they find something valuable.
Trying to plan my Sunday so I can watch the end of the British Open. Anyone know what time EST that will be?
Headed 2C "Think Like A Man" I hope it's as good as the previews (fingers crossed)
Today was boof I got beat up by all damn day
Thanks for having me and allowing me to share. If you have questions or want to follow up at all, feel free to reach out any time!
Inbox Mee Question For & Answer (Askk Me Anything)
Fill in the blank: women at the top....
breaking news: Google announces big change to how search results are delivered, says new search tool will think more like a human.
will do!
Drug life
On way to with Gabby and Cam for "Lunch with Dad". Asked them where they wanted to go...thus, here we come
How is everyone doing now?? i miss chating with my
Thx. We need all the help we can get. I went to the bathroom since that's always when they score. I make em nervous when I watch.
Yoooo.. I miss you too brobro..
the art work for the new album is ready!!!
you make me smile((:
I really don't care if I lose friends. You make friends and enemies everyday. Regardless, I'm still going to be me.
how many did you need?
thanks for looking out, we're sorry for the scary dm!
Hunger Games movie was ok, as good as it could have been, really. So much more depth in characters and plot development in the book.
you mean the one who would get picked last and hit first on dodgeball day?
I'd go back to London, see more of Eastern Europe (Austria, Poland, etc.), & I'd love to visit Dubai!
its gone be awhile i got alot happening but i am getting some made prolly this weekend or next week i need time
Electronic Security a Worry in an Age of Digital Espionage
We do!! Small sweet world indeed.
I was sorted into Ravenclaw on Pottermore. No one is surprised. Guess this means I can keep my scarf.
what ever happened to the beat i sent you homi? you spit a verse on it?
Pilates does not have to be expensive. $45 single, private pilates session or $400 for 10 sessions. Certified, experienced instructors.
It's almost time to watch make it to #TheVoice Finale!!
Now Following she cool as hell so go follow her
Finna Shutdown in min.
#prayforlondon can't believe what's going on there. amazing to witness the power of numbers
I find Ars Technica to have really good coverage. They can be a bit all over at times but the in depth stories are great.
The nerds love you too!!!!
I just earned the Glamorama badge on #Yelp!
I am hoping we do! Lol
Brilliant! when you are injured it is a great time to get creative and come up with modifications. a positive spin!
Newborn's fingers splayed over its face in Mom's arms, glimpsed thru swaddling blanket in elevator. Samsung Medical Center. Awesome.
you are very persuasive.
One cut is all it takes to start an addiction.
doubt I can make it at short notice , i'll see if I can send one of my reporters
What better demographic is there to advertise to than customers at coffee shops themselves. We provide this service to u.
Education is a kind of continuing dialogue, and a dialogue assumes different points of view. ~Robert Hutchins
so you say I gotta attitude problem- nawh bitch you just gotta problem with my attitude.
Somebody explain to me how that wasn't an "And 1" on that breakaway. #GoAheadIllWait (#Inside)
Going to train the lovely and lively marsha mason.
If you're still bringing money in, I'd sure have some fun... But not too much fun!
Relationship with God becomes richer in serving others. Find someone needing to be blessed today & pour it on. NspiredBy Proverbs 22: 9
Gronk ties NFL record at age 22
Duane who?
Namies or Sephora? Better of the two?
I love my mommy!!!! and thanks to her I got a great final examine thanks mommy!!!!
RT : Fuck hitting the club, I'd rather stay at home & write.
No affiliation.
"Guys may flirt with a million different girls, but before they go to sleep, they always think about the girl they truly care about."<3
awesome dudes.
Can't take A'Mare "Hands of Stone" and his shots being blocked at 50%. I would make that trade of A'Mare for Josh Smith!
What does think of the Broncos 2012 regular season schedule? Hear the VP of FB Ops take in minutes
#FF food allergy resources:
Payne hey I love you
Great mild winter , so a little rain , no biggie. Be great, stay classy , eat ,pray ,love,LAUGH...LOL. Stay dry my friends
And then after all that , huge action at my condos on lake city. Drunk dudes fighting in the parking lot, very exciting!
Thanks, all. I'm good for famouse fish ... but really? Nobody mentioned Jabber Jaws?
Baton Rouge, let's get wild tonight at the White Owl!
"Don't Dead Open Inside"? What are they trying to say? This is horrible copy writing.
this sucks big time
This is nice <3
u at work?
The Lake View HS corporate partner is Microsoft!
Holy balls! This Rangers vs Capitals playoff game is cray! NY just scored w/ 6.6 secs left after pulling their goalkeeper. Overtime!
Using a Mac in the library..
appliances don't work if they're not plugged in
Happy May! Time to start thinking about your spring frag, try Bond No. 9 for a fabulous floral or award winning Odin for a fresh clean scent
I'm planning on it
what's a booking contact for you ?
it is not 95... It is 82 buddy
If it wasn't for I would have been deleted twit
What is that circus thing at FLM?
All these girls in my school calling Harry, Henry. LOL.
Happy Pi day everyone! One of my favorite days of the year
I miss you too. Come visit!
TODAY SO FAR - Woke up, worked out, showered, cleaned room, now Im playing guitar and writing a new song :) M I LOVE productive days
I am petting a doggie.
mama i made it
I have discovered I have a strange love of tents. I might be a gypsy.
#hugeteachertriumphs You also kept them from killing each other. YAY!!
that makes so much sense....
We have a special PFO meeting at 6:00 Monday evening. Some of our students will be performing for families and visitors!
At the post office waiting in a huge line... Only 1 guy working!
No ladies cokmented on my San Jose Sharks hat
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely - Auguste Rodin
4 wide! Yes!
Umm. Maybe safety isn't your number-one concern then. lol Have fun!
We love nightlife because people become people who they really want to be.
I know is going. Wish I was. RT : Any #interactive attendees headed to #sxsw from #milwaukee this year?
What??!! I am out of the loop! You did your other marathon this past weekend?!?!?!
Looking for a whiter smile? Ask about our in-office whitening or take home whitening trays - www.kravitzdental.com
Too bored to go get food and run errands. lol
Ditto for me on the public phone number. Just had a another great call with a linguistics student. Being reachable helps *them.*
LMFAO. my mom just told my dog if he's not good i'm gonna dissect him. lolololol.
yay just let me know. :)
treble: women ain't nothin' but.
yeah. I did OK. Pretty happy considering where I was coming from. :) learned a ton. Both about AI and online learning.
( ) it's the skinny jeans that do it.
ill txt it
I'll be in Vietnam from May 12-21 with Flying into SGN, itinerary open. Holla!
hell yea
yoga with and in the park was wonderful, as always!
Thanks for the retweets Ana! I hope you're having a fantastic day!
Also..make sure that you have contracts signed so that they are obligated to play the dates! ;)
#Flashbacks was live last night :) my #juicyent girls had fun
Well you look interesting plus I'm diggin the whole getup :] Im following too now!
u to dahhhling
#ListOfTurnOffs when a guy is talented <3
it did, considerably
Offered...or intended...the million dollar question...only a word...the world of PR...
nice crowd! I even had an enabler offer her hotel room to shower/freshen up in but no dice :D
- Also.... I already got a letter from the Sallie Mae a**holes about starting to pay in JUNE! :( I thought I would have
If you've experienced issues listening online - it was an Internet Explorer issue and it has been corrected!!!
I'm alive. Just hanging with a new guy pal... ;)
I just got Rosie to follow youu so be thankful!!!
RT : im hungry, im sleepy, im bored, im tired, im scared(? :c
I think so too!
Yes ! Just Do It !
Happy 5th Anniversary to my husband. I cant believe 5 years has gone so fast! Love you!
The true meaning in love is lost in our generation I dont give a flying fuck what anybody says
I'm swooning over a relationship on tv thats not even real. How lame am I
I saw you driving in. We were walking back to my car
I agree! RT : History can also be individual things members have done, such as International Coalition.
Congrats to of & of Two GIANT talents! I can personally vouch.
I need a new mouse for my laptop ;(
s/o to dis hattin ass niggaz in montogermy man!! and s/o to dat guy who give me dat page 10 grade year shit was fucked up!!
Some people just want to be noticed.
She works hard for the money...so hard for the money.
likes fish sdicks... that makes him a gay fish. #truestory ... right ?
Can't stay down here; I've got to go higher!
silly man.
What other people think of you is none of your business.
Babysitting and the kid hates me. They said he loved everyone.
Hi Joann! Wow, thanks for watching! Yes, I will ALWAYS speak out about my life now. God has set me free! How are u feeling?
Put On Your Shades Cuz We'll Be Dancin' In The Flames Tonight.
Hope you have a great session! Let us know how it goes. Have a great day!!
Is the work week dragging? Coworkers won't shut up? Boss is a butthole? Have no fear, console combat monthly is this Sunday!
Good Morning #ucrADPchat and
At Youtube #brandcast with !
Congrats to #SDSU debaters Kristen Everhart and Brittni King! Crowned "Champions of the Pacific Conference" this weekend.
Nyquil literally fixes everything :) RT : I sick.
Today has been cold, but you know what? At the end of the day, it's nighttime.
Can I watch things in my iTunes using my PS3?
you make millions a year so a few bucks for Internet can't hurt
@ lorrie, I don't insist on your believing me
That awkward moment when you spell something so wrong that spell check can't fix it.
and finally.. last years song of the summer.....
This day could turn out to be very interesting.
Yeh right 2 retweeting where's the track I did for you over 2 years ago #bad business
nope! I'm waiting till i'm 21 i got my whole week planned out for my 21st it's gonna be crazy!!!
So awesome! Great a great crowd & everybody was totally rapt. Let me know when he's coming through again!
An ungodly hour.
Writers, check out today's #OfferOfRep stream--agents and writers on the querying process. Some helpful stuff.
follow i will follow back/getting rid of this page
I want cornbread, tots, pulled pork and a fried egg all combined in a delicious skillet of breakfast sadness.
I'm a Mommas boy at heart.
That was '04 I believe when they cut the displacement to 3.0 liters
Don't call me retarded , you started this tweet war.
Ok, so we survived the end of the world. Now we have to do it again in October.. REALLY?? LOL!!!!!!
open a ticket or jump into IRC?
They're playing "everybody jimmer" at this wedding. So awesomely hilarious.
20% off red tag items Men's,Boys, and Big come on in Thurs-Sun
Edge For GM Hell Yeah!!!
My shorts has this one little pocket on the back, perfect size for a condom..you know, just in case. ;) Hahaha
Wonder if can booleg this movie with my mytouch 4g lol just joking
I promise you are not... still in #Colorado!
Freedom Spirit Courage Strength Heart Grace Honesty Therapy…
Ghee I think so,I hope that shit ain't true
Just a reminder - we are closed on Sunday for Easter - Happy Easter!
The most painful goodbyes are the ones that are never said and never explained. .....---
An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know
You maybe bigger than me, stronger than me, faster than me, even smarter than me, but I can gurantee one thing..You will NEVER outwork me
Lakers are just not doing so hot haha. Too bad.
waw. I'll try to see my schedule if i have show there huh! Hahahahuh! Thanks s support!
planned obsolescence
I'd like to meet someone at a party whose laughing baby video has gotten 600 billion youtube views, and makes their living from it.
So glad Kobe hit that because I was just about to tweet "Where the fuck is Mamba!?!"
*♪* I'm a Hopeless Romantic *♪*
That explains a lot
We formed a new religion No sins as long as theres permission & deception is the only felony So never fuk nobody w/out tellin me
hell ya
Playing my bass. I wish I had someone to play guitar along with me.
Come on sign up and Save 40 percent now!! Don't wait ! Time is limited
operation kick it' full effect. Lets see where the night takes us. the best of the best behind the bar tonight petey, kyle, paulie & menei!
HEY GUESS WHAT? It just got better. #LGBT #ItGetsBetter (via )
Seems weird I am allowed to wear stretchy pants to pick up my #MBA grad swag.
unreal how that happened...
I'm hoping rapping Boyfriend is on the DVD. #BigD #DillysRapperName ;)
Congratulations to the American U Class of 2012 and Happy Mothers Day to the women in our lives who keep us safe and warm.
No Shaw? No problem.
I use an iPhone, that's what iCloud is for. :)
It's hookah time.
- Get ready to find the winner! 10 minutes until we announce the raffle winner!
RIGHT SO FREAKIN RIGHT
LOL RT : Creating new incubator camp called "Camp in a Jewish Space In Space" (TM). Jewish Space Camp.
If you are able to walk down steps and u live anywhere below the 4th floor, you should not take the elevator.
I feel so blah today, wish the sun would stay around for a few more hours.
"The Aggies are hosting former Missouri Valley foe Drake in the Sears BracketBuster, Feb. 18 at 1p.m. on ESPNU" Go Aggies!!!
You do not travel if you are afraid of the unknown you travel for the unknown.
Yup, God is a Tebow fan.
Let's hear it for the first choir rehearsal of the season!
Girl u be killin them
FOLLOWING YOU BRUH.. FOLLOW ME BACK SO I CAN BE APART OF YOUR CIRCLE <uSd>
Reggie Miller elected to the Basketball Hall of Fame
7 more days until the concert. <3
I did love it! Thanks :)
how can a artist be number 47 on the rap charts in the us! no1 in nc for months! they feel like slimgoodie is a threat! still shining!
I have no motivation for school anymore. I just wanna work and make money lol
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Moment by our boys:3
Great. Finally. Geezus that took long enough. Nice.
“ “ I want a cute, long relationship where everyone is like "damn, they're still together?””
I still watch it
hahaha well played. It was definitely raining up!
Our company started last June and we have already serviced 200+ in SD. Call @ 619 335 7523 for the best all inclusive prices around.
According to sources, windows at West Allis City hall board up ahead of today's Neo-Nazi event. #westallis #west allis
Your welcome! Love who you are & love the things you do,love ur music too, thanks Brooke for being U!!! =)
Hi Are you using medicated veg oil or the Honey oil made with alcohol? Also if your mix is too cool the oil won't mix well
#WhenIWasLittle the motto was Hukuna Matata and now it's Fuck Bitches, Get Money? K.
i cant! I cant risk internet eyes seeing! Just text me or message me on fb later tonight.
Crewing up for Troma Horror feature film directed by send resumes to
Hilarious! I remember that canterbury poem... awesome Holton throwback. Miss you both!
I need someone to be my text buddy for tonight
Just about to sit down to a dinner of shrimp scampi, green salad, homemade Italian bread and wine. My mom's cooking rocks!
enjoying the first two fights! Front row section 4!!
THIRLLED to be working w Molly Ringwald for her debut fiction collection WHEN IT HAPPENS TO YOU (Harper/Sept) Galleys avail son!
I hope Whitney's death don't affect the concert on valentine's day
Also, what are tourists?! And who am I?? And, yes ma'am.
- that's what's up. You going solo?
Went to part one of two part workshop with Fern Orenstein. Very informative on the business side of acting. Next week we do scene work.
that sux! I'm with u, school first then fun and hobbies
It's so hard to find a pho eating buddy on Mother's Day Sunday. Wish my mom was here...
Great to have you stop in today!
Soups of the Day: tortellini bro do...Chicken Pastina...ravioli Florentine...Beef Barley...Cream of broccoli...Escarole & Beans...yum yum!!
Oh, you drank one of my Pepsi's? IT'S ON BITCH IMMA RIP YO MUTHA FUCKIN' WEAVE OUT!
#Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning: waking up to my mom complaining about my grades
Can You Taste Those Nuggets
Last falcon weekly
this tweet made me smile :)
👍RT I just don't know how else to explain it!
Wow...Styx and Yes are touring together. That would be a good show.
Aint forgot about u
i drink coffee almost every day, why is it that this one cup today has me wired like crazy?
So... What did ya'll thought of the new episode?! It's my favorite from season 1 (: Hope you all enjoyed. I'll tweet the ratings later. Xo ♥
LOVE it! Thank you do much!!! I put it on my key ring right away.
well sometimes its just better to keep it to yourself lol but I still like you lol
#big year this year
If you are in NY tonight check out at the #NYILFF some friends from Austin produced and directed it!!
But what about your husband??
that link I sent you yesterday wasn't spam
dork yo jaja si como no xp just here working out and u;)
*cough cough* follow me?(:
Bentley is fast asleep, & I'm still awake. somethings wrong with this picture.
Getting our youth's attention via encouragement to stay in school/do better by media entities should be a part of this forefront
Getting started at #metromtg for training with video
After Party at Mr. Brown Lounge....Reggae Music, Jamaican Food & Alcohol, me and my cousins gon get drunk and act a fool
What's up twitter fam?
Never mind the "like" us part....... Automatic response on my part! My bad!
"I wasn't that drunk." "Dude you logged into Myspace"
Show with Farewell, Dreamer and Dead Ocean tomorrow. Pretty stoked for this shit.
believe in your craft .. it will take you further than the ones u started with
It's pouncin' time!
Did they give you his twitter handle?
tape you and jay together to be like conjoined twins:3
your welcome <3
YAY I don't have to pay to see Jim Gaffigan now!
Strugglin super hard on this plane right now
naked Harry is trending! :D xx
RT Arrests have begun! Yes, go ahead & arrest us & cut off our Medicaid services!
Having a rough day health wise. Hey allergies - DIE! And icy hot patch - show me what u got. I need to turn my neck to the right!
An average person has a total of 6 lbs of skin
Wow only 11 PM in Los Angeles but I'm exhausted! Time for sleep, tomorrow we play!!
Yes, #LakeMichigan is awesome! I can hear the waves on stormy nights. Walking the shoreline is peaceful.
ah man, I'm jealous. What are you doin up in NYC?
Holy Shit! This issue of Mens Health reveals what women really want. Finally, some answers!
“: just saw Amanda pushing carts at hy vee still ha” Hahahahaha I miss her!
'con queso' two essential words that add so much to any burrito
So. Sick.
Had no idea logo on my shirt was for Captain America. Someone on train liked it and I asked what it meant. I liked the star and USA colors!
1150 am Daytona RT : Little help! RT Could someone point me to am MRN link that will work on an iPhone? Please
at my cousin cookout widlin out as usual actin hella wild i love my fam & friends...
WOO HOO! GO SAMI! RT : Your first race will be fantabulous because you'll have trained hard and prepared...
lol! It was fierce!
I'm thankful... <3
haha sucks for you ;)
that was frank wasn't it?
We can be friends but dont think we can ever talk again
Big game tonight for the #Badgers. #OnWisconsin !!
no doubt!
That's okay. I got my first at 13: A week's worth of puberty, then old age hit like a ton of bricks!
text me lol I wanna no :-)
If you love someone you don't let them go <3
that is lame. Do you have an iPhone?
Where can I get dry figs around Logan Square? Are there any at or ?
is that FSU tackle still on board? Hoping we go that way on next pick...
I just spent 2.5 hours on the phone w/a tech in Florida trying to get my computer to work and it STILL doesn't. This is ridiculous!
you should text my face !
come to the suburbs sometime!
And, we need 2 pocket folders in red, yellow, green, blue, orange, black, white, and purple. I can easily find red, yellow, green and blue.
Any plans for today? :)
Baton Rouge show Dec. 10th. Manship Theatre with All-Ages!
And I swear to everything, when I leave this earth, it's gonna be on both feet, never knees in this dirt.
Gonna buy Up All Night Son (: but idk to get it from Target or Walmart ? :o which is better -.-
Than you for the follow back :-)
iTunes is so lucky to have your songs! I always buy your songs from iTunes!That's way iTunes is getting richer:) follow me pls!
#StepItUp Rudy Gay, he just needs to get his shooting percentage and assist total up! He needs to be a lot more efficient!
oh damn your into alottaa shows lololololol
I wish I could sing in public though.
Tnx for the great time at Saturday's swap! I'm still full of pie and baking envy. Look for my column on Jan. 29.
Twitter seems to think Junior Seau is dead. Whoa.
it's been way too long...
put your hawk in the sky, move side to side, jump to the left, stick it, glide.(:
just watch.
Is this the new "balcony" time location? Hell of a view.
Dever gets question about transparency on PACs
I'm in the lobby of the Marriott Metro discussing all things school library related. Interested? Come join our discussion!
has this party going... Get in here and have a blast with the NochePdx Crew...
not sure if getting soda for free is actually winning, doh!
Chris Crutcher rocks. Period.
jealous ! jealous ! jealous ! jealous !
doesn't help with my twitter and email withdrawals, but at least I'm still writing and reading. Sort of. In a way, I guess. :\
Don't forget to get that new music pressed into vinyl for those so inclined. Thanks in advance!
thanks! You coming out this year to #AAHHE?
If u feel like ur near the end of ur strength on ur journey,let God carry u the rest of the way(He will)My power is made perfect in weakness
Ima tell you once Cus I'm Gucci three times lol
your are crazy that Profile Pic, ROFL
I like to thank my broz for blessing this track
you'll live. I don't like those programs though. I like the workout ones
new tracks up and new S.I.D. Ent. merchandise in tha store! check everything out
is it at his pad?
Producer-mode ON... For good. Time to fasten metaphorical seat-belts!..
Narrative jujitsu, hahaha
Didn't get to see #TheLastMountain tonight. I hope producers didn't take libertities with the truth like #Gasland did.
DMA has a posse
RT : A super show last night of Bach's Christmas Oratorio with the New Mexico Symphony! Two more...
I've never bought a magazine at the supermarket. Then again, I've never seen a magazine with #kateupton on the cover.
SO im here stuck with 4 other kids TWEETIN' #LikeATrueG (;
I love you but i would still pick mt best friend over you <3
Here comes the waterworks. 😢
Yes! Can we add you to our list of attendees then? Thanks so much! :)
!yay .upgrade temp free and explanation ,apology ,refund full a got i .service customer impeccable ,prompt for roommatesDOTcom applaud i
You look just like your picture!
...technology is not my friend today... :(
pretty sure Raburn doesn't deserve to get booed this early in the season.
see you at the Interiors From Spain booth at #hdboutique.Also check our magazine: www.fromspainmagazine.com
This show is going to be monumental...April 29th this sunday i want to see some faces in the crowd i recognize...SOB's 200 Varick st NYC
That said, I'll probably finish it one of these days; just had to return it and get disappointed by it.
Are you in it to win it! I mean life!
God is always trying to give good things to us, but our hands are too full to receive them. ~ Augustine via RT
Got my bourbon goin, feelin good. Don't sweat this Cat fans, I'm in charge.
Nat'l Bldg Museum, Eastern Market, Maine Ave Waterfront, the Awakening at Haynes Pt, Adams Morgan, Tune Inn on the Hill.
At the state of the league, Don Garber put the task of selling tickets on Nordecke. Maybe we should schedule friendlies, too.
fuck you and your loud flocker
#Nationals 6-2 to start the season. Great job, especially without their closer!
Celtics what the hell are u doin. The game is to close for yall to be missin shots ! AH!
im bored and i am done spamming your mentions now ok xoxo mf
please follow back :)
If she doesn't stay on the road
feeling your music, you go hard young! stay on ya grind fam
Add some nuts or fruit to oatmeal to give it that extra nutritional punch!
I heard that a Mahomie is in the hospital and isn't doing that well.
Watching the Canadian tenors perform they r good
