Bout to get started on some of this homework & enjoy this quiet time while my son sleeps
how bout it
#nevershouldyouever walk under a ladder unless a hot girl is on the other side
Season starts early this year! back to doin what i love
Never underestimate the power of a good bowl of Cheerios.
Wow. Very sad to hear of the passing of Carroll Shelby. Those who know of the Shelby Cobra, or are motorsports fans, all will miss him.
Good Morning! What a beautiful Spring day! Got a little rain last night and today is sunny and beautiful! Receiving 4 yards of soil today!
Am I the only one who is not into getting up at 4am for 1/2 off socks? Just sayin.
Why is that broom staring at me?
congratulations Nate!
Nick Johnson pinch hitting. I need not watch any comedy shows tonight when I get home
i look forward to growing, just never growing up
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking #3: “The lustful speaker attempts to calm their nerves by applying the advice to picture the audience naked!”
State tomorrow
“: Finding out that some of my friends cut themselves makes me want to cry so hard”
finally get a chance to lay down & I'm not even tired anymore!? are you kidding me right now!!?
how do you use twitter in your classroom?
Romney had a gift dropped in his lap #uppers. He could have owned Bullying and used it as a way to win people over. Again, idiot.
This is beautiful
Yow ...pilates kicked my ass last night. I swear even my fingers & toes are killing me.
Sometimes I can't believe I get to be friends with people like My life is amazing.
Gleukos now available at Greenfields Market in San Antonio, TX. / Come by and fuel up
Excited about all the awesome programs LITA is sponsoring at ALA Annual 2010
Got to work early. 5 hours early >_<
spoiler: link isn't to a "call me maybe" video, but i suppose we could add that to the playlist
Leaving Lincoln and debating my next Irene move. Hm....
“: Andy Reid says report he wanted Jason Pierre-Paul and Howie/ Banner wanted Brandon Graham was false.” >> OK, so probably true
all I need to complete the trifecta is something great from They kill it on #social engagement too.
just school :(
Aw, I have to log off . Brian needs to get a phone already .
our brand new twitter account and new website coming December 1. Thank you everyone for following us!
There were a series of small (or large) decisions, carried out on a regular basis that probably caused the problem.
Think email is okay now. Those who know me can guess that if I did come up with a get-rich-quick scheme, I'd probably keep it to myself.
We sure do! RT : The team super loves for his unrelenting support of our project.
Percentage chance that Suns make a deal of any kind by Thursday? You got a number?
So I was getting ready for bed, started brushing my teeth, then got on my laptop. Half hour later... I realize I'm still brushing my teeth.
Very good point!!!
RT : Pleased to note that I will be making regularly monthly appearances on You've been warned...
Wonderful! Should be a great festival....
Damn it seems like I need a haircut every 2 weeks
Ivy is a science buff already. She can't get enough of the kitchen sciences book we borrowed from the library.
Why the hell am I watching Gold Member?!
I wanna film today. Bout to hit Dre up & see what time we can make shit happen.
not long enough... But I hear it from many folks. I'm not alone. iPhone has better power management by far. It's pretty obv to me.
How are you, When you reciece this could you contact us ?
hahaha ah thank goodness. I will go in the next couple weeks :) I'm so stoked!
I wanna go to the next wine tasting at Shorty's with you!
Danny stupid I swear tlking 2 him on BBM
Happy Sunday Phunday!!! I can see ur starting the day off right!!! (as did I) take it lite, smile
MT : Instagram helps me view the world thru eyes of someone about to die of carbon monoxide poisoning in a candlelit room.
Thanks for the link yesterday!
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Perfect day in Florida! Even though I look like a weirdo sitting outside w/ 15 bone models, talking to myself practicing informed consent...
I haven't found another one that even makes sense..
so excited to learn that "solstitial" is the adjectival form of solstice. what a great word! cannot wait for next solstitial party.
I guess that's why I'm single
create a digital text book using wikipedia: left side of site, print/export option make chapters, cover page, etc.
Shoulda let Bron take that last shot.
well thts good :-)
I will be LIVE on The Wendy Williams Show on Fox - Feb 17, 2011..make sure to tune in and please RT
Great read! Charles Villagers, come enjoy the green space at the VLP's community garden!
#childhoodsandwiches bread and bologna sandwich
Mindblowing....RT Mega Millions is up to $640 million.
Snow all melted because of the Rain. Good or bad? At least i can start my business training today. :-)
Don't take the little things in life for granted, appreciate them!
I'm SO curious to know what is doing today! :O
I needa start getting my shit straight. Ima prove him wrong & show him I actually care about him & our relationship.
other peoples decisions are affecting my life and its giving me anxiety.
See a movie recently? Share a brief review and we'll RT our favorite!
My left hand has been hurting really bad lately  what if I have arthritis
Something I've been wondering: When you invite someone to Epic Church, what do you tell them when they ask "Why you go?"?
hedgehogs are so cute
hey :D
Chipper v. Moyer, about 90 years between two of them, one of oldest batter/pitcher matchups ever??
Sunday, Sunday, SUNDAY! We'll be going crazy making pasties with the Ooh La La Burlesque ladies! Can't wait to see you Ninjas!
LeBron= battering ram
I wish you were on the Feds. See Monsanto and the FDA. No GMO
- Alex, did you know that Huskies get 10% off waffles when they show a valid student ID card?
well, it's 1:15 and give or take, we've had 315 people in this tiny library since 9am. all good!
Oh loveerrrrr, when you call my name..
Seek first to understand, then to be understood. -Stephen R. Covey
RT I've got to run to Ben's work to get our car. Being a 1 car family is making me exercise today :)
Chinese supermarkets check out new business models
Sorry I missed you! I should be around a bit tomorrow. Look for me on FB.
You can get stoned & learn something new..
dang it.
A big thanks to for hosting a great conference!
IT'S GAMEDAY!!! ...and no it WON'T be the last one!
Smog Special 4 regular smog and test only $40 out the door w/ cash any car, truck, or van print coupon on our site MorenoValleyTestonly.com
Got to work all wet -_____- I hope I don't get sick
RT Gorgeous slideshow of some of the best in city planning RT City Geometry, Seen From Above nyti.ms/rlSoMR
yeah, but its worth it
You mean to tell me the NCAA couldn't find an artist more relevant in the past 10 years than Monica?
Server is down while repairing wounds. Fresh brains being installed. Will be back online shortly.
You're my coolest follower so far. Tell your friends to follow me! A good hero needs fans!
Party tonight?
yes! I took the Circulator home. It will be my main method from now on.
#WillAllTheTwitsPleaseSitDown the things I say to myself aren't as good as the things I say to others
Things to do today: 1. Dig a hole 2. Name it love. 3. Watch people fall in love.
Favorite quote by my acting teacher: "Feel what you're feeling, not what you think the character needs" 's book STAR POWER
Wow, only 10 percent of North America's 337 million meters are "smart."
#WeAllHaveThat tendency to wait to the last minute to make weekend plans... get your tickets for #SpeakingOfFebruary4th today and save $5!
Damn, Twitter is dead AF!!
Congratulations to my friend Leonard Johnson on being signed by the Tampa Bay Bucs! Welcome Home!
thanks for RT!
“: Listening to ”SWEET!
Great night cookin at the restaurant...now time to have some cold ones with the homie Cheea
True, but it's great to think about how we can be really innovative w/ twitter as a learning tool...
do you really think its ok for those teams to be better than UL? UL is better than that...they should never leave top 20.EVER
real parents don't relax not natural lol
Carl DeMaio quotes the OB Rag in one of his mailers attacking Fletcher. Wow. I don't think Carl knows me when i get mad.
Woohoo thanks girl!! =)
Excited 2 emcee #alumni event on 5/8! Excited to meet Kelly Larson, HS & College Alum, Pres Allen & Coach Jacobson
RT : BREAKING NEWS: After watching his performance against Liverpool, Bayern Munich are to appeal John Terry's CL final...
soon go out and go around Rome with some beautiful girl!
hahaha dude omg you should have done that!!! I would've been laughing so hard! Hahah
Holy Shift.
love you too Blake
Let's try this again: #agirlcandream totally wish would move to VA instead and become mayor of Richmond ... <sigh> Love him
Friends of WFGM Kroger Gift Card Give Back Program...remember to use your gift card this weekend as you shop for all that Halloween candy!
Woohoo 3rd store had it and now I do to! #wonderwoman, #birdsofprey, and
Why are they all so pale?
thnx for the RT! I was just reading about your spring employee wellness programs via your blog - they sound great!
Party tonight with for his album release party. 4 Guest List & Tables text: 818.602.7979
#TextsThatGetYouScared I heard something about you today
Cuz those r clutch hits.
"Some of the best things we do come from American Education. We wanted that." MJ Gallagher (Ontario)
Superior woman does not seem very superior.
Did you know? That 's first day on set of #prettylittlethings required him to swim, do cannonballs, drink beer & make-out.
also had lenses fixed there at the same time. Everything works perfectly now. I'm quite happy
i don't wanna share.
listen now!!!!
: Im going to the gym ; Me: I'm going to eat spaghetti
The Bad part of that is sometimes U find out ex post facto! know U could careless abt Ppls feelings U only want facts = Slow Painful Death
If only there were a proper Wi-Fi signal in the galleries! Hint, hint :D
MTV's "16 & Pregnant" commercial - girl screaming at guy calling him a "dead beat dad"! Umm, right! Can tell this show has great perspective
Aye! Shout out to the Illy! xo
Makes me want to hit the wait staff. RT : Appetizers. Definitely. Ugh.
yu cute thanks
I'm so proud of a.k.a. Congratulations!
Help Wanted RT : Seeking truck & Man for hire this afternoon, to pick up and deliver chicken coop HELP!?
What to watch now? Last Dragon was good havent seen that movie in years
I wish it was Thursday
Today is so beautiful and I will be stuck on a sound stage all day...I can't complain!
Get quotes for auto motorcycle, ATV, RV, homeowners, renters, condo, mobile, home, flood, boat, umbrella, life, and commercial insurance!.
props for playing soccer. How about a skills video?? Haha
but does it really scale out with more system performance with more nodes??
Someone told me I'm not a real black person
i'm getting off, bye
we got it
i just wanna say...P.O.Y.B.L is one of the best pieces of music i've heard in a long time #realmusic <3 u!! :D
Unfortunately some things have some out here in Fl that others haven't seen or heard about yet so it's really not the media's fault
I'm laughing at my timeline right now.
check out the TED talk on the guy who trains crows to pick up trash.
Wow you piss me off!
Wishing our family over at the a big happy 30th birthday! In honor of big day, will be lit in blue tonight
It's friday friday <3 and on monday I don't have school :D #YEEEEY !
The desire has come back to do the things you used to do. And because we're not fasting we don't have power to withstand
reinventing the wheel to run myself over-FOB. All the pretty girls-FUN.
Your packages were mailed today!! Let me know when you get them. Love you BOTH so much!
favorite color???(:
Very productive lunch break
It occurs to me that I'm out of the habit of photographing my crafting projects. I'm proud of my new rugs though and want to show them off.
hey Nate. has filming started for unknown son? hope you're doing well and there's no delays
I will be on WGNO’s News With A Twist at 5PM on Monday!! (Feb. 27th) pulllease watch people!!!
Time to pull over and get a room.
Enclave Chicago tonite then some afters. Who down?
That's really awesome about the shelving from Borders. Congrats
props on the vid!! can't wait for delts on saturday now!!
Our fruits and vegetables may look great, but most of the time that’s where it stops. We all need
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (nnz2v)
People don't fall in love, they fall in lust. Love isn't something you fall into, you do it on purpose.
I hate my brother. He is such a stupid crybaby.
I think the winner of the fight should get 60% & the loser get 40%
That moment in the shower where all the soap in your hair is now in your eye < :( FML
that or people must have thought it was an 8 pm start...
drunk Jo, nerdy glasses, getting in his pants....wait what?
Now that I've been informed my aural skills hearing is going to be tomorrow along with two juries it will take a miracle for me to survive
Dear Santa, for Christmas I would like to not be gunned down at work. Love, Me
#AWP12 unexpected magic: Received a Dairy Queen gift card from Mary Bisbee Beek, book person extraordinaire and star of Portlandia.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship. Ha
lol whats up with the spanish name??
City fighting illegal biking/hiking trails - Helena Independent Record
We have tickets to the showbox show next Friday, October 16th. W/ Tweet, message, email...what'ev us to get some!!
I don't enjoy tons of legal jargon, but if it's gonna to be there The way things are w/ the internet now practically invites it
When are you more productive? When the office is full or when its empty?
nigga on crack....AND ITS NEGRO YOU DAMN NEGRO >.>
Were getting a cheddars in Clarksville
why you gotta be so mean?
hehe you guys are the sweetedt together yall are the five bestfreinds:);)
Happy Happy Mother's Day, Linda.
Night night twitter......
We cater to the #beautiful and #curvy...check us out!
Oh dear - big risk! RT : Seahawks pull of 1st round shocker: West Virginia LB Bruce Irvin.
I CAN'T WAIT TO MEET YOU EITHER <3
I hope they let me go home early cause it's slow
ok, off to meetings and signings, hello hollywood, wish me luck xoxo, and thanks for all your support
so.. is true that is going to be on #digitour?!
Back from painting frames and a new painting; though tired and hungry, I couldn't leave because I felt like I was painting my very best!
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove
That awkward moment when your parents ask if you like anyone.__.
Row B Center - Let's give put Cleveland on the map!
vic gave me a pass for life lol wtf get here
that's that shit I don't like
there's a Vosges in Vegas if you're still there. Caesars forum shops... And Yes Birthday hair!
I love the NFL.
i love the idea of being dressed up in lights
With that kind of ringing endorsement, what choice do I have?
A friend of mine: "betting the Cavs have an injury that screws them for a few weeks is like shooting water in a water bucket."
what are the rules for the yearbook project? D: I'm dying here
very true
Beautiful day and then an intimate chauffeur-driven session with young guru this evening!
shit yea! We must hug.
Moments of individual productivity cannot be singled out for merit in collaborative ventures
And yank still has to be parsed, which can be a pain.
What have you to loose by trying? But think of what you gain.
To stay in and watch Netflix all day/ night or actually go have a life.... Netflix it is.
Yes, it's Monday again. Just try to make the best of it. ;-)
In Review
I ain't even tripping about working all Summer, I'm getting money nigga lol
OMB I DIED HE LOOKED SEXY
I don't understand why people take pictures of themselves showing their middle finger… seriously, was the camera mean to you or something?
RT : It’s Mojito and Martini #Monday! Come by to kick-off the week in the best possible way. Select items available in the...
he never recovered from krags
It's sunny and warm where we are. Why aren't you here? The trains are here through Sun. Jan 8, don't miss it! $3.
I have no friends :c
Check out The book Take the Lead by went to her workshop w #paconferenceforwomen- was fabulous!
“: Life will throw u curveballs, just learn how to hit them an you will be fine.”Also learn how to hit fastballs while at it.
And you should go with Oliver. Only so I can explain to my dad while there's a kid with name running around.
Happy Mother's Day to the television, which has been raising American children for decades
I regret not seeing #HarryPotter at midnight. This must be how everyone felt when they missed the apocalypse in May.
Oh yeah, I should have asked first, are you feeling better?
Happy Monday!! Had an awesome weekend!!
Bummer. I'll be there tomorrow from 11-1 if he's going to be around.
we enjoyed some of the great films you showed on Friday! Looking forward to next year! Plan a drive down to attend
Carla Januska, Creative Director at Go East and Jennifer Manion, Content Strategist Feed the Beast: Creating Content for Brands
“: I Love #muffulettamonday ”so do we - thanks !
Uh oh, Bob Uecker picked an iPhone. This is gonna be gold.
great work! Good on you and your students!
CR England Awards a Harley-Davidson in MPG Promotion - MarketWatch (press release)
Want a winning options trade every month? Follow our option trades, u make money...it's that simple. www. OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Sorry mom I can't wash the dishes because Donatella Versace
Huntsman needs to make a graceful exit!!!
meeting today! Doing work, making things happen, lots of "Woohoo" sounds from Brandon.
Paul McCartney! Always there when we need you the most!
Budgeting all day, editing at night.
ITS A STAMPED-N-FAMILY TAKE OVER!! LEGGO !!!
i just wanna lay in my bed forever and not work tonight.
OH on scanner: Caller says housekeeper is there, refusing to clean & refusing to leave. Unsure if she's drunk or on drugs. Has interlock.
Apparently when starting weight loss, it takes 4 wks to see your body change, 8 wks for friends/family, 12 wks for the world. Keep at it!
Yeah birthdays jarent the same as when your a kid. I actually stopped counting & takes me a minute to remember my age :oP
lol. Wait until your prom!
if you follow me...I'll DM it to you(:
oh my gosh I just dropped it hold on I gotta go find it
thank ya!
If our God is for us, then who can be against us? - Romans 8:31
I am so bad at this whole TY for the follows, so thank you to all who follow me, appreciate the support & all the RTs!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but I use no condom, so here's your baby.
best of selena gomez life are family and good friends!!
holy tits its windy. my house is about to blow down
I'm excited to play at Winston's Beach Club tomorrow night in Ocean Beach!!
Super late to #canningchat but wanted to give my thumbs up to for that #RoastedRhubarbKetchup cc:
uncc uses kaltura. our ctr for teaching & learning folks can talk to you about it.
Happy Friday!
Sounds like a problem with your theme or a plugin you enabled, I would check those two places first.
Is that your only eReader?
Kate Hudson's shoes deserve a shout out. Fabulous!!!
get the Thomas bed with built-in tracks
Did you know that with enough sunlight your skin can produce vitamin D?! Have a great weekend! :-)
- thanks for the mentions!
not yet! I need to!
Offensive Lineman. Please, football gods: Right Tackle turnstile remedy.
I got more followers than you
not sure Smoak can be wound any tighter anyway.
Keep the guesses coming! Throw out a number and you might win a $30 dinner!!
It's Friday! Not to many plans this weekend. I have a meetup on Continuous Web Start-ups, but I think I need to sleep in tomorrow.
I love reading about Mifflin, and all the current UW students pretending they are 'blowing off steam.' Ive been there, call it what it is.
'Gonna make it happen' for new group of 7th graders, starting tomorrow;)
was doing the HIIT workout at this morning a few stations ahead of me. Way to set the example, Eleni!
i used to LOVE being single, now i just wanna boo.
nightowling it with , , , and a whole mess of folks!
#ihavenotolerance for people that can't hold their liquor!!
Some people live with HIV infection without feeling any symptoms for many years and don‘t even imagine that they are infected.
Happy Monday. Back on the grind.
Come home from the beach and there's nothing to do in Roanoke
I am still recovering from Men's final at the Australian Open tennis. And all I did was watch. Pure sport!
I'm disappointed on you air.
received the best #birchbox today. full sized products... all 5 products were great. money well spent
Our focus is helping you save money, gaining new customers for small, local businesses. Plus you can give back to your favorite charity
can you make It so you can view pictures sent via message?
Dale Heat!
(WI), Gov John Kasich (OH) thought he could strip workers of their rights too. How do you like THEM apples?
are u meditating 
So i never get on twitter
Thanks for the mention Sean!
ah, I thought the two on the right looked like pretty legit coaches ;)
Me n on that #PrincetonGrind Everyday!
Huge thanks to you for your nice tweet AND for coming tonight.
Too tired from managing the intellectual, emotional, and logistic demands of family, WORK, and friendship to comment on Ann Romney.
Prince on the internet: starts a website for his wedding w/ thoughts on love and fate in 1996, releases song "Emale" -
What's good? #SOMEONETWEETME PLEASE my mentions are dead:'(
thats good! i'm going to fl this week
": When asking for anything, say please." Know is when you tell me
A friend asked me to take me to see Wayne Shorter tonight at Lincoln Center. Hell Yes!
Edgewood College finally getting the pub they deserve with an upset win over River Falls. First tourney win in NAC histry, not bad.
how about we... take a picnic to rock creek park and figure out what we're going to call the new NCOR
my kinda guy
Officially annoyed with my FB page oh well calling it a night sweet dreams everyone much love muaaahhhhh
nope but I wish I was :)
it went very well! I had a great time. after I was fortunate enough to hang out with some friends from all over the world
no thanks, I'm ok. Haha :)
Free New Helvetia tasting at Beatnik Studios for Sac Beer Week 6-9pm.
your dad
Saw my mom off safely to surgery. Praying all goes well.
hooray for free afternoon concerts with JC Brooks & the Uptown Sound!
Had Funn Todayy, Then Got In BIG Troublee So Thaa Rest Of My Plans Are Ruined : /
HAHAHAHA! my dude!!!! Gotta get you up here to record soon
After the next big snowstorm, clean off your mate’s windshield in the shape of a heart.
Not Darren?! RT : Top boy names in the US in 2011 Jacob, Mason, William, Jayden, Noah, Michael, Ethan, Alexander, Aiden, Daniel
And the people called it Ragtime
I love now that's a nigga wid #swag blunt and #dontgiveafuck keep your Tweets coming and tell it like it is
Finally, the bus payment device errored in MY favor for once, and I'm riding free. I'm slugging… on the bus. ;)
NBA execs monitor draft prospects Twitter accounts to see what they tweet about and the type of language they use!!!
sad! they're taking the melrose out of melrose place.
FDMF is our new PREPUMP ALERT the train is boarding dont miss it
Ugh Chick-Fil-A lemonade is the bbes ever.
is a terrible ISP. That is all.
Hey go follow my sista/band member...she pretty. Rt.
hey i can give u a song calls i wont apologazie ill give u the lyrics and omg which channel on dish
Be listed as an Expert Witness with us today! www.freereferral.com
Only divorced dads have black leather couches
If you got swag you would follow me :D
Go out and make someone smile today.
I need new people to replace all my old friends
This is the body, and this is the blood. Broken and poured out for all of us. #lyrictweet #thirdday <3
If you use an eFolio, what should I prepare (if anything) to actually GIVE them in the interview? A pretty half sheet with the web address?
Debate over #MichelleRhee performance as teacher proof of the need for more (not less) transparent value added data.
has he given up an earned run yet?
Oh wait. The surprise, off key backing vocals from the waitress, thats really meaningful.
While Rick Perry is praying for rain, is he ignoring the possibility that this drought is a sign from God that global warming does exist?
wow! That is so unbelievablely sick! Had to b a time that somebody decided to break in AND safe was open..sorry. can feel ur pain
Gotta get to bed and rest up, dont wanna **actually** get sick for realz and miss all teh fun this week!
favorite guy on idol is stefano. :D
#OTGTIPS FOCUS ON YOU, AND WATCH YOU WILL ACHIEVE GREAT THINGS!
Why aint go to school ?
not sure how that's relevant to whether or not objects are processes. Can't get the video
Stoked to be shooting tonight!!
you should bring the kiddos by for some ice cream this weekend...our treat of course!
To listen and be heard.
- Going to see at a Beard Contest in Detroit tonight.
So sad!! RT : #WhitneyHoustonDies Sorry to her family
are y'all staying in downtown? Like could we run into Before? And it's worth it, not as bad as fl to Cinci!
just watched this kid hit his cat daddy while blasting music in the corner of the airport
sad day....NEXT YEAR IS PAYBACK
“: the awkward moment when....SHUT UP I HATE YOU! 😄” boom.
Great article!
Hey - things are good! Been so busy I had to cut down on Twitter. Hope to see you in HP!
Teabag is more degrading.
my timeline is hella boring right now
Lets play tag...
Follow my company
that's ok, it's what sundays are made for!
that's ok! I missed u. Uvbeen gone for-ever. The songs doin.. Okay. No more writers block! :D
RT : A3: pro - wide variety of options/opportunities and influence. con - everyone thinking you should do it for free
Sticking to a regular exercise program and proper nutrition are two very important rules to keeping up high energy all day.
So excited about the show tonight at ! With and !!!! 7pm! Repost!!!
:) RT : My own personal inspiration comes in the form of two words smashed into one twitter address...
Heck, I've been gaming since the Commodore 64. Nowadays it's mostly console games like Arkham City and Uncharted.
and the team are working up something special for #Drupal called Skinr! Stay tuned...
#FF My 1,200 follower Tell her what's she's won Johnny.
yeah got home at 10 last night, headed on another job Wednesday looks like. Hey did you pick up my watch?
be nice!
With almost every competitor, there is often an element of cooperation, collaboration and synergy. Don Zinn, Exigent Search Partners
SHOOTING MYSELF IN THE FACE BECAUSE I AM NEVER EVER GETTING A BOYFRIEND #UGLY/FATGIRLPROBZ
I am beyond concerned about Toney Douglas essentially becoming benchwarmer... Is he a hold or would pick someone else up...
Katie, would love to mail you some. Might be a little stale by the time you get them!
Night night :)))
In everything the ends well defined are the secret of durable success. -Victor Cousins
”An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.” - James MacNeill Whistler.
Just a sprained ankle here. Xrays showed no hairline fracture. I'll be laying on the couch if you need me.
Fmr housing counselor: Folks being kicked out who didn't buy more house can afford need a chance to cut thru loan mod BS --Here! Here!
Shocked to discover we do not have either "new media" or "digital history" in our taxonomy of specializations. Any preference?
You and the rest of the leftist scum including the national embarressment Obama won't bring Gen. Stanley McChrystal down. STFU
The LearCenter's is live tweeting from today's Penn Law symposium on IP Issues in Fashion Law.
BAD ASS. Thanks for the invite!
Fujifilm to Increase Prices for Film And One-Time-Use Cameras - WebWire (press release)
Actually, I'm originally from MN, but have had a home here in PGH since 1994.
Just got word...I ain't got to go down there to them, they comin up here to meet me....
agree, one extra day in Feb = 24 more hours of awesomeness
I am one in a Million. #wiunion pass it on!
Congrats to on the AA promotion. Now all he needs at the dish so he can shove and
Oh no! Ick! Oh well.
I'm kind of hoping Natalie Portman bitch slaps Robin Roberts with her big Black Swan wing....
Patrick, you can still evaluate our touch screens. You will just need to sign an evaluation agreement and pay for shipping.
you give me the kind of feeling people write novels about <3
What I would give to be in the UK student section Saturday.....
oops I forgot to mention
Still can't believe McShay said there isn't much difference between RG3 and Tannehill. Why he works for the four letter and not an NFL team
No, but I could likely turn one up with little digging. Unless Traylorbot360 has it in his renowned mental database.
Just confirmed a beer dinner for Tuesday, May 8th with ! Stay tuned for more details..
A sneak peek of this year's fabulous magnum bottle of Rusack Vineyards Santa Catalina Island 2009 Pinot Noir, to be auctioned off at...
thanks for following! We love quotes too! Check out our inspiration at www.wearelux.com
Happy Birthday! Hope it was a good one!
S/O to for tweeting the same song at the same time I did!! (:
I have to really like the book and there can be no boring chapters at all
Looking forward to serving 800 folks at BRIDGESTONE AMERICAS on Friday with
The ten seconds that 1D was in a skit > The whole episode of iCarly
Wow Russ
boys are stupid.
At least they're topical whether they know it or not. I'd hoped they were ironic, but judging by the links, I doubt it.
If your gut's not healthy, you're not healthy.
30 Day Challenge Group Beginning January 2, 2012. Write me back or message me to let me know that you are interested in participating in…
My wife is mowing the lawn while I tweet and read. Feel kinda guilty. Kinda.
Trying best to drink cheap merlot, but both kids bent on not sleeping
you did really good today!!! I'm so happy I got to meet you(:
Have a blast! xx RT Started the base tan for my girls' trip to Cabo in 11 days. Bye bye Seattle sallow!
yes you is. Quit frontin
All Haters can't stand that believing in people can make a difference and it takes us out of oil business.GO GM
well I'll probably be walking, but instead of liquid bricks, I'll be carrying my fat ass.
Rainy kind of gloomy weather. Hot soup sounds appealing. Some good bread as well?
Happy friday!
Someone remind me when I see Tom Brady to punch him in the face..... #istilllovethepatriots 
Had an awesome time with Keep Mecklenburg Beautiful and Wipe Out Waste this morning on Fox News Rising! Can't wait to compost on March 5!
“: Cool guys wear hats with the sticker still on”
first night back in the VA was dope, got wrecked lol
As this holiday season starts, travel safe and have fun!
Getting my Deathly Hallows tattoo tomorrow wicked excited!
I TALKED TO "BOO" LAST NYTE I WAS SO HAPPY
my brother does that to me all the time -________-
#dui #450drinks I shimmied down a tube.
Why visit our site? Because humans need treats too!
Tma event: what industries will struggle in 2012?- Marcellus shale related businesses!!!
"Happy New Year" for all of u guys! my best wishes!
#brewers #OpeningDay + + sazs close proximity to my place = #promisingFriday!!!
I'm gonna meditate butt naked like a boss....
Obstetrician and endocrinologist. Everyone wants in on this! :)
A5) When current Red Sox players are worse than anyone who walked through CF. Sorry...too soon?
The second my mother said "may the 4th be with you", I knew this was to much..SMH
What would YOU like to see in DC for a queer youth event? October 10th y'all!
I talked to a redheaded woman who married a redheaded man and they had a blond hair child. I thought to myself, "why risk it"?
URBAN DOCTIONARY: "FCUK these hoes" TRANSLATION: The female that he really liked broke up with him and now it's him against the GIRLS!
I have almost completely lost my voice!!
Pretty sure I just fell in love with What a cutie!
that moment when you hear a song that you grew up with. :')
Doing some research for GIJ, as he is currently unpacking boxes in the kitchen.
whats up?!?! Hows life been :D
Hey ellen you rock!!1 if you see this wil you reply that would make my day XD
Thanks for giving us a try!
where on channel 53 right now watch it
the month of may seem to call me to new york? last night's nycers in my dreams were & TiffRoma ... stop taunting me!
aww I almost invited you!!
Let's do something after your off work? :]
Y'all, have you tried dairy-free chocolate ice cream??? Better for you and more fantastic than any ice cream ever.
Thanks for the RT! You've inspired me to promo more this year.
Awesome and good luck! It's all about the gear, and once you sign up, the free tee & post-run snacks and beer (if applicable).
I have bratwurst in my belly, my husband by my side, and the Brewers on the field in front of me.
Yeah, someone should tell them blackouts don't work well on TV.
share Joy and today, carve out a small nitche to recharge your days.control your doors of as what appears to be the end is a starting a new
he had too much time on his hands -_____-
Happy sunny Monday!!! Hope everyone had an amazing weekend. Any highlights?!?
<3 thanks doll face ;)
Yeah I fucked your bitch, and what?
"We sound like a lion taking down a gazelle then feeling compasion and letting it go and it getting hit by a car"
Is anyone else excited to watch this Facebook & Employers special on the news tonight ? Sound like some bull whatchu do outta work is you
WHEN YALL LAST DAY OF SCHOOL
RT : Thank you for sharing your journey. Wish you continued strength. Diary of a
Thanks Jeff-you rock it!!!RT : amen sister you guys were great
definitely. The national curling league.
I'm so done with all this bullshit, cause no matter what I do it's not gonna change anything
Chili cookoff yesterday was amazing :D 🎸👢🍺🎵🍻🎶
every tweet helps - cool breeze on river now
Thank you for sharing this. Everything is a remix is wonderful! So are the student films- but I wish they had credits.
ah, the voice of experience :)!
I think they would be NBC's last choice in the East. Rangers, Flyers, Caps, Devils would likely be their hope in order.
Been staring at laptop screen too much last few days & got painful eye strain today - now sat here looking like a high tech Ray Charles!
i can watch Bron and Wade in the open court all day.
Thanks!! Rock on.
swim team, baseball game, lax playoff w/e, 2 soccer gms, all stars bball tryouts & bike ride. I have two kids..did i miss anything?
Yes, writers, you have a constitutional right to freedom of speech. You do not have a constitutional right to writing privileges, though.
Great win for the Pack!!!
heard you guys got that taken care of. Good to go?
great point! Too often universities only visit and work w/ wealthier schools. We need this much earlier in our communities
i think it points to our basic human need for belonging to the whole human race and this need supercedes race & socioeconomic
no u dont
We'll be getting there around 1, it's all day. But Marvel doesn't start till around 5 so I'll be bored/sleeping in the car
Just realized I can't DM you unless you're following me.... my email is already out there, bjt35 at georgetown
RT Massive line outside The Egyptian to see THE PACT. Was told it's the longest one they've had this year.
Wow!!! What a great win!!! Indiana looked awesome tonight!!
Hm. That's too bad. , are you reading this?
What do you do to top off 4 days of intense personal growth with 50 people? I go to Taco Casa and pick up taco salads for me and my bride!
let's just plan on next week I'll take it. I have to hurryhome this afternoon to pickup a tux, get ahaircut, mow,andrehearsaldinner
R u kidding me Kobe? What a shot
Spend $50 or more at Lofty Dog and receive a goodie bag with $5 off coupon for your next visit! While supplies last. Merry Christmas!
my eye itches!D;<
I can help haha(:
I need to holla at your ima dm my number just hit me up when you got a chance
Bohemian Grove by Emmure pumps me up so much
I'm such a bad person. Wasn't today 's birthday? 😞
RT : I'd add generosity! "If u could choose 1 characteristic that would get u thru life, choose a sense of humor" Jennifer James
Do I join or do I not join?
Dear Nashville weather, Plz do something. Rain or shine. Stop this nonsensical half drizzle nothing. Yours Truly
RT : We've got a lecture on your favorite topic: SHARKS! Saturday April 21st 10 am - 11 am at the Tijuana River Estuary...
you realize your profile is COVERED in OWLS?!?! i think they might love you. which isn't so bad. they're pretty cool. :)
Reflecting on the season that has wrapped up and Kentucky 8th national title one word truly sums it all up Kentucky was AWESOME all season
thank you! -Ryan
Teachers r tarnished w union in minds of pols. Parents don't have that baggage.
just about to do same
RT : Getting ready to announce the winner of the ipod, follow and cross your fingers!
Our panel discusses -- How do we take what we've learned from our communities and inform the policy discussion?
Heat wave.
Let's get pokersocial try SHdc beta version, chat, bitch, gripe with fellow grinders. Sign up for free!
the guy in the black sweater that walks pass by us when we are at your locker before 7th period all most everyday??
Oops my bad. I meant to say say Jenny Dm me when you get a chance.
Tell your friends and their moms to follow me
Though on the positive side autocorrect did change autocrrtc to autocorrect.
ain't nothing but a houseparty yeah STARRING AMANDA FUCKING PALMER YAY
gets old to me..... Him on the other hand. Stuffs like crack for kids. As long as he's eating. I'll cook.
: I studied photojournalism at San Jose State University at Silicon Valley in Cali.
when are you coming to Portland OR, already?
Now to take a shower and get some much needed sleep to rest my sore back and get ready for ISTEP tomorrow! Goodnight to everyone 💤✌
Sweet like cinnamon, like a fucking dream on ritalin
Great to see the as they pick up some donations. Drop off a case of water to any of our stores to help out.
Trust God to do the impossible!
I wonder how awesome sex was with Frank Sinatra in his prime.
#7.77 rate: 10;D IB: Vincent Or Mikey ;) And your so pretty !
did haven't called me. :/
If I were given the opportunity to teach art- one of my classes would be "ethics: artworld"
Now looking back, I think Khloe subconsciously fell out w Kris H. before the wedding as a warning to him that he should head for the hills!
How do you choose?! I always loved the Lorax tho, and "Oh the Places You'll Go"...did you enjoy the snow day yesterday? ;)
Watching the "Oprah effect" on MSNBC. Her influence really is incrediable.
Sears BLUE APPLIANCE CREW Friends & Family tonight, 6-9 pm for an extra 15% off & free delivery on most appliances over $399.
MSU going into
Thanks! We think you're cool too!
dissapointed in the lack of even mentioning the gay community. sadly, the church is letting others lead advocating
tough choice gotta go with the girl
Just heard 5 minutes of constituent complaints about a "fresh young lady" in the school dept.
Life is a constant learning process. It's the only way u grow. U live, u learn, u move on, u improve self & situation, u grow. Upgrading!
#HellsKitchen was great yesterday. I finally got to watch it tonight.
not yet stop by!
Baby Cruz's first photo shoot!
preciate the love!
will you pleasee follow me? I love you<33
I think I'd remember arm warmers? Hm.
#lsubcs #bcs #lsu the zebras miss 2 easy calls, a horse collar then a block in the back. Looks like Bama will get the advantage on calls.
that would be the shit! 🎎🏯
Dudley "Dooney" Dooley's daddy if a cotton pickin' chicken pluckin' pickle packin' pepper popper who skims the skum off the vinegar vat.
stop it
RT : POSH TONIGHT FOLKS
Work 2 live n I live fo my child
Who got the juice .... ME DOOD
That movie is awesome
Was so much fun. Was also dollar hot dog/soda day, so we gorged on the cheap.
I'll be your prince charming
Girl I love your birthday suit, Sho'll looks good on you.
I screwed that whole thing up haha.
#SDUSD Evans makes it seem like he has a plan -- and he does. His plan is to help his re-election.
prepare to be amazed
Love walking outside in the morning to feeling my skin getting fried up like it's original recipe
was thinking more like Spanish, only now a few phrases that are not appropriate, except to Tijuana hookers
“: If you didn't know who Kevin Hart was before the All-Star Game, stop acting like you knew him before. #frontrunners” lol
Little boy sitting in the bath tub, looking at his privates. Says 'Mommy are these my brains?' Mommy said 'Not yet'.
Totally thought had a beer on his desk while calling the #Fiesta2012 flambeau parade with / maybe it is!
You are one of the most beautiful girls ever to be seen in the world
yes but I doubt he would think to since I rarely mention him. Now he might though if he sees this convo
So how about it, : will you please throw #Ohman away?
ha! I thought the same! Weirdos of the world, unite!
FRIDAY. one more day to go. hopefully boston tommaahhh<3
I just don't have enough middle fingers to show her how I think about her.
It's not too late to get a last-minute gift...stop by our shop on Magazine Street today for a sweet treat for your sweetheart!
#boxout #cleantheglass RT Wisconsin got the final 7 rebounds of the game. IU's last rebound came with 3:38 to play.
I'm surprised at how well my phone caught the audio. Not bad, iPhone, not bad.
I'm supporting tonight by distributing their amazing #SliceOfLife pies in Greenbelt.
hah was "that guy" but its all good! thats what best friends are for
You have to play to win.. so NO
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle The Exorcist
I love that "Coffee" is an acceptable meeting format here.
Actually, AP was drafted in the 1st round 2007. But yeah, congrats newest Miami Dolphin
Color Guard honoring Jane Crawford with routine including wire hangers.
#jazz #neworleans #seriously? Lineup for New Orleans Jazz & Heritage featival... Where's the jazz?!
Did you know that a dolphin is just a gay shark?
I sit behind my bf in class
after last years performance.. I expect big things!!
yeah I'm cool, just gotta make major moves right now
Turns out I may have been right about , check out her latest tweets to see a partial explanation of her side of the story.
RT : Come to Talara for lunch today, mention this tweet, and get a 1/2 priced Bento Box Lunch. Password is "panic". -Nick
babes do u have a blouse i can borrow to wear with my black skirt and black heels.?:o
You need pizza now. You might not want to eat after seeing all the Purdue women. Thank god we are open.
lol! That's what I meant. Not enough #pepsi yet!
Thank you for the RT!
still don't kno y they got rid of that place
what about absent treasurers preventing the state from functioning properly?
“: Good mornin errybody.... Now,...roll up and get paid.....” right
Only on 8 - shots fired after a home burglary. Find out what the suspects took that has deputies so concerned. at 10&11.
My mom is ignorant this Mornin my dads bm called she was like ima call you back She's Shitten right now . Tf ? & I'm just findin out -_-
follow back please
I miss my boobear, so so much :(
You look a lot like
just looked up a couple'a words Loki used while insulting Romanoff in the Avengers-"mewling quim" Who knew potty mouth could sound so regal?
yes but "Order My Steps" must also be in there... I got tears every time the Marching 100 would play that one...
Hey Bri! I hope people are lining up to get "This Way Up"!!! Such a kick ass CD but I wouldn't expect any less from you! :)
It feels good to be this tired at 11
Its amusing that the Giants players think theyre even half the team #GangGreen is
*gets you out but hugs you tightly* My Ashee... <3
I bet you 100000000 that they don't even know you....
G+ shares outrank organic results..... so basically anything your friends care about outranks organic SERPS for relevant kw's.
epic liquor run with
thanks for the incl.!
where r u
Who are your favorite people to follow on Facebook and why?
Maybe if we press "2" for Spanish, we'll actually get someone that speaks better English then the person on the "1" line!
by : Celtics up by 2 at the half. Red Sox
thats why i love my dvr :)
oh my!
Surgery went well. Still groggy from anesthesia. my right hand is useless. Typing with only my left. This status has taken 7 mins to write
"Consider it pure joy when you face trials, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance" James 1:2-3
thinking about the past
I'm ready for the 2013 season to start Thursday ! Ah!
Rapcentral Tv show is airing soon stay tuned.... Plus the Biggest Concert to ever hit Detroit is coming this summer. Bigger Than Summer Jam!
haha. I don't think Taco Bell is the answer to what's ailing me....just having a lonely day.
class is cancelled and I'm bout tired as hell. BUT i need to do some work. nap time as soon as i leave work.
The best #thai in the #Chicago area is in #Elgin Go meet Mama Toom, you'll be back for sure
this is cute (: but where is his car seat? Smh :P
I vote Updike. Love the Rabbit books & the short story collections: Olinger stories, Poorhouse Fair, Couples, Museums & Women
Still tryin to get a ride bro : Hit me up bro text
It Hurts , Like Hell .
Harbaugh is a genius..sorry..
Snow: We try to make economics a science. But it's really about human psychology. When people are happy, they buy
Cincinnati in my heart,piff in my lungs, money on my mind just a ghetto child trying ta make it
niiiiiicce was it your own bag or someone elses?
I have iFatigue.
random times pre game for upgrade
Chilo~ The three things most difficult are to keep a secret to forget an injury and to make good use of leisure.
Sour cream pretzels are the main reason to own a private jet. if they had any sort of notion of snack hierarchy it would be frazzles in 1st
13 1/2 days left. that's all that's left. and when those 13 1/2 days are gone, junior year is only 3 months away. weird.
So Bright! A fan of the new handle. #GetIt RT : Bring yo shades it's so bright!
Rt Great day today. Bucks win, brewers win, shot 77 at Whistling. Looking forward to Monday back at the Bradley Center
Hi! You're in Tucson!
I didn't realize this was an OSU coachng search.
You right but hard to see them go!
it gives different filters for your pics and makes them pretty. Thats really it...or you wanna be cool.
can't wait to meet all of you guys! x
Since every senior isn't going to be at school tomorrow because of either Grad Bash or 4/20, juniors should park in the senior lot, js
(in a whisper) .....sounds like a pretty good rule to live by
nthn just chilling what's up with u how r u
We also noticed that DEMI ADEJUYIGBE is trying to win another DVD despite never having emailed Jim the shipping information for it
#TigerBeatLovesASW It's called All The Way. Please pick me!
Chinese on its way courtesy of
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: aka "HELP!" by
So I hope you've been practicing our new dance move bc I pretty much perfected it while waiting for my videos to render
VIEWERS watch, CUSTOMERS shop, etc. CONSUMERS only exist as a dehumanized generalization of an audience.
Not even half #tiedfor1 :)
correct answer:
// imagine if #ESPN had a wifi hub that let attendees access their fantasy football league? Or concession stand delivery
Who knew a black guy would play such an important role in a hockey game?
I know right he does too much but most of the laker fans are savages any ways
": You must be able to separate majors from minors...."
how many pizzas do you make per night? Blue Ribbon Artisan Pizza has become our delancey sub in SoCal.200+ is good 4 them
Me too, Jon. Starting to get a lot of pressure to make the successes more transparent.
You already know.
High up
Ahh...The random things they've made on the internet that amuses us.
4th out of 9 at Florida Championships (:
And the thing is, they keep feeding the troll!
Nankivil looks even tougher with the black eye. Let's go #Badgers!
Thats always fun unless youre really into the game then that shit pisses me off haha
Should I get a book for vaca next week? Let's be serious, the last book I read was by R.L.Stine and the only library I go to is my iTunes.
got it, thanks. Really hope he's healthy.
Team V.C. Associates.net had a great time at the Coconut Grove Bed Races
Just bought a $70 pair of shoes for $5.
Life is good. Kicking rocks is what I do beautiful. LOL RT : I see you to were kicking up rocks ystrdy.
It's always nice to have mid-year projects and goals! Making it to share?
Fine. was right about everything.
Checking in @
Lundin Petroleum to Release First Quarter 2012 Report on Wednesday 9 May 2012
Thanks! See you soon.
": wheres my jollof rice?"/cook me dinner
Carolers in the AMU! I want to go caroling...but then I walk outside & remember that I hate the cold. Oh well, singing in the shower it is!
My to-do list no longer looks like a shoulda-been-done-weeks-ago list.
Today is my Friday, then tomorrow we're off to Stagecoach! Can't wait to see my husband :-)
share your find with the rest of us.
Black Hawk Down.
It's so unusually nice here in New England we decided to head to a zoo and enjoy the sunny day.
Save me from coworkers talking football in my office! Spare me!!!
Going to my vocal lesson let's see if I come outta happy cus my teacher is a . . . Smh
Awesome 1:00 am walk! you have no game!
yo can u ask A.B. if he got that 5 dollas he owe me??
I thought I was dennis the menace, thats what my AIT drill use to call me.
“: I need a good phone convo tonight”
follow back?(;
I really just need someone to talk to who is honest and can hold a conversation...
That's a good one mate, but we all know how shitty girls are at giving directions.... You'd never fucking get there.
that's okay then. Hope you had/have a great Mother's Day!
bad day to be a BBQ grill
Rt: Goodbye MCA, we will dearly miss your old-school flow.
I like the idea, not burning a draft pick on a QB would be ideal.
and about 10 more
BREAKING NEWS: #StatusTv is back with Chicago's 4th Annual Free Music Video Contest.. WE PROMISE THAT NOBODY IS TOPPING THIS CONTEST. 7/4/12
When you do go, tweet us about it!
It's the only baseball on, and when Fox has a game, all the other games are blacked out on MLB.TV
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO EVERYONE!
sounds likes a gud plan
Oh ya, I can't read an analog book outside at night. no brightness or contrast controls!
Yeah, . Congrats on a great space!!!!
I'm all about these m's
"Don't you dare get on that escalator... And don't you dare get on that subsequent escalator!"
Thank you for your vote, Joseph! “: I voted for you! Good luck!”
get the electric blue foams and put the pink laces.
whenever I see something I love I put my super serious face on and tell myself that. Lol, I'm lame.
"I think the banjo is slowing him down."
can i please get a "wassup dasia" (:
Great day yesterday! Goal is to make today even better. A quick thank you to all educators in the world.
Bruge. Get the mussels.
I need some in my life!!!! :oD
Whoa wait, where did they announce a 2014 tour? LOL. That's hella stupid.
starting to get a little more quiet in city hall... it's going to be a long night.
And counts like shit, too. Didn't he just say 44 peaceful transitions? Redeemed by Aretha, though.
if TX & CA could only swap weather - heaven & hell w/b in balance
Are you in cedar rapids? I was just there...not much to speak of out that way.
Getting ready to attend my first faculty meeting at ASU
This week is going to be phenominal
I love you<3
Sept 5-7!!! Some great pre-cons as well. I'm a HUGE fan of the westcott shooting bays as well. It's a good time!
Could the son of the worlds biggest Packer fan get a RT on his 40th b-day. It would make her day.
It's an exciting time to be a communicator. There's a lot of change. We can embrace it or we can complain a lot. (Hugs!)
go figure? :)
Just when I'm about to go to sleep, I look in the mirror and BOOM! My hair is perfect.
last resort
why not?
Np! Since it's summer, hopefully everyone will be free sometime soon so we can catch up n maybe have a reunion :-)
I wish volunteer groups wouldn't flake out on the same day as each other.
I'm excited to see fancy free this week!!!
It is OUR FEARS and OVER-REACTIONS that keep us from seeing REALITY...
Fun #Chicago fact: In 1893 at the World’s Columbian Exposition in Chicago, the Ferris Wheel debuted.
HOLY SHIT!!! The Clippers were down by 17 or 18pts. I been messin with my phone for a min, looked up and they're down by only 6pts now!!
skulls and rayguns and froggy with umbrella.
oh ok damn
Thank you to all of our supporters. Let's reduce Hawaii's dependency on fossil fuels together!
"we fill emptiness through performative acts of desire" turns to images of Spiegelman's Maus
Aye people go and follow the amazingly Georges for great greets ahh and she follows back! 143!
Freebirds for lunch!!
Ha, glad I'm not the only holdout! RT ok world, you win: First season of Breaking Bad is in hand.
Celebrating my 16th anniversary tonight with my husband. My how time flies!:)
By developing a strong Messianic Jewish educational system we will allow for a future where we can have a mature Messianic Judaism that hono
trying to stay positive, by direction of dr marcy
guess we on the same page
I'm such a sucker for sappy moments <3
“When you live for others’ opinions, you are dead. I don’t want to live thinking about how I’ll be remembered.” Carlos Slim Helu
Trying to figure out how to add (and use) custom meta fields in
Someone just walks into the bookstore I work at to ask me if we have "one of those books that you read" All I could was look at her
NO BIYATCH NO YOU'RE STAYING IN THE GROUP THAT GOT YOU WHERE YOU ARE NOW AND I DONT CARE NO
Totally love this young man's voice! A future star!!
again praying for speedy recovery
hows it going? follow me please?
Cavs are having their way with the Clippers tonight!
So Dallas/Fort Worth gets one day of rain and it floods?
#BeingMuslimMeans putting GOD first, spreading WISDOM, conquering non-believers, believing is superstitions, & living for traditions
haha. It was a great game tho. Thunder were bullying the squad.
Do anything to feed da fam
Finally, a moment at my desk this week. Scary - so much to do, I don't know where to start......
Oh heck no! You can't shoot Lisbon! NO. :P
#annoyed, coffee noobs: never not asking for 'bold' coffee
Family went to Dale Hollow. I stayed home...got a haircut. They won't recognize me when they get back. :)
it's just strange, cuz I thought GBT getting shut out meant Stars plan involved paying people back. "Shit happens" feels rare
Aww, you remembered!! #HHD to you my NY homie.
New york knicks are all hype. Lol..
your sissy has skills
#iste11 #IEAR now I know I can get info for our iPad pilot from www.IEAR.org
super great pic!
Zombies are looking for brains. Don't worry. You're safe.
OMG, like... TODAY. Dude, get off Twitter before I put you over my knee! [and hold your hand, w/interlocked fingers]. LMAO!
Sacred Heart Garden Festival tours begin Friday
lol we posted the same link for someone :) But yes, you should know them.
DM me if you wanna vent
Do you have a delightfully different Discount card?
Loved the "Lets Go #Giants" chant at the #Knicks game tonight.
Tough call. Watch hockey or watch on Life is full of tough decisions.
And I thought it was impossible for #Crosby to get any more press. Now I hope he returns soon because I am sick of hearing about it!
Ok, that's what I thought you meant! You ha me confused
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
Feeling good
“ it is they finally stopped
We heard say pretty please. Maybe he will tweet up our sponsors at #smbmad #ford to say thank you
I fixed it! Haha I was replying to someone's retweet so apparently it sent it to me! Man, you guys are quick to tease me!
Texting with
Worth noting ASU leads country if not the world in university implementation of solar power, >15Mw. Goal: carbon neutral by 2035.
Tuesday #HCG Tip: Stress can lead to slowed/stalled weight loss on P2. Do breathing exercises or yoga during ur times of high stress.
We understand the sentiment. We also understand the need to publicize New Mexico businesses though.
Slowly getting the hang of my #iPad. Missing my laptop less and less.
GREAT start to my day thanks to the verbally brilliant !!! Thanks for the ToTD!! Very much appreciated!!:))
That's a great idea. Probably wont livetweet cause I'll be taking minutes, but afterward I'll tweet highlights
yeee. Is it growing on u yet? lol
BITCH got a twitter? Oh shit....
thanks for the RT
Thanks! Nice to meet you, too. I want to see what wemakepdx is all about!
Burning this OG!
you're gonna love it. :)
“: and I'm old” lol.. It's all in the state of mind! Thank u for ur support.
Is the presence of pot in anyone's system a "shootable" offense now?
CAN I JOIN THE PARTY DUDE?
it's my only wish to meet Austin before he becomes famous..RT if you have not yet met Austin :/
Quibbling with terms in this #NISO webinar: Primo is the disc. service; Primo Central is the aggregated index used w or w/o Primo - right?
This is a fucking cartoon.
Love it! We hope the same thing! Check out our tours, have a picnic, enjoy the late day sun, ride your bike. www.crownhillhf.org
If you expect everything to be perfect then your only setting yourself up for failure & disappointment.
Niall!!!! follow she only has 48 hours to live she is fighting cancer! Please Niall! Please!!!!!
Doctors & dentists, iPhone or Android... Or BleckBerry? Win7?
RT : Feeling very fortunate that people seek me out for my services. It used to be the other way around!
' Something is really wrong w/ my heart!
Lol I just know enough to get by.
hm possible road trip
I knew you'd appreciate that. :D
THANK YOU
I'm just kidding!!
#NationalBestFriendDay to you and
Bout to hoop at 4.......Good run
good! Shes gotta keep her bitch in check some how! XD
"I just want more money" <-- remember it's that simple in your pitch
your wish is my command.
Kicking ass in tap tap revenge 4
Hi <3 Can you reply or RT this? I'm a huge fan and I love you so much <3 I'm planning on getting your Mrs. Caylen shirt ;)
Wattameter class & checkout starts at 10am Austin Twin Oaks Library.
Damn Cant Stress Enough! Mad At The World!!
hey, man…is that Freedom Rock?
that's because you won't change your own
left right right left left left right right
Finished the whole hunger games series, I don't know what I'm going to do with my life now
can't live without phone
i got a DM from for an add to make money? wow.
if u are looking for the real twitter page Thanks Platinum Fans!
omg ikr, it like i always fall in love with the sexiest an most cutest guys :,( its like my heart hates me lol
I hate the last week of school
yes, that's what I said, she gave me the side-eye
k bus stop time eww.
#quotes Mary Shelley~ "The beginning is always today."
aw im sorry <3
That nasty full off a protein shake feeling < ulgh
Come see me play this Friday, march 30th at The Path Cafe at 9PM! First show back in the states
got those little stupid things gettin' to ya , huh?
me neither. :(
YUP. RT : Gay Republicans are to gay folks what Custer's Indian scouts were to Indians.
Reduced LONG $AUDUSD for +12 pips profit; 13% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 72% SHORT
Bethlehem Pa Bach Fest Giuliani op 30 (3 new cadenzas w/ wild modulation + Bach Ciaccona: went +++ same thing next week May 12 10:30 am!
Nice, thanks for the heads up!
Kick and push and coast
one for the money, two for the show
God always makes a way, trust him!!
winner winner chicken dinner
you left out the part where Jimmy Iovine humblebegs Stevie Nicks to hit on him
RT : Tebow Time! Let's go, Broncos!!!
talk about looking people n the eyes but ur always whispering and talking to the camera alone. You don't say how u "really feel"
There is always one hair pin that can be quite bothersome in my bun.
Lack of money is no obstacle. Lack of an idea is an obstacle. Ken Hakuta
omg I thought I talked to you about this on friday
Picking up my tux, car wash, put gas, haircut and then nap until its time
Everyone hates festa RT : ": Why do I have to go to school tomorrow...😔 #Hatefesta"
What are you doing tonight!?!
It was yummy and boozy. And very, very tasty. :)
Like father, like a significant influence on migraine treatment Walmart to talk about series
We would definitely be interested in that. Let us know about any info, either here or at - thanks!
Hyper and hungry hmm
after having a fetus in your womb for freaking 9months how the fuck can you end up naming the baby LaKisha Mo'Nique #reallybitch ?
Just let the clock run man...Lakers are done
Children laugh about 400 times a day, while adults laugh on average only 15 times a day.
I've texted 'gurrrlllll' enough times that my phone recognizes it. Thanks, teenager-speak for causing me to sacrifice the Queen's English.
neyo soul is a style of R&B. For example Music soulchild, & Anthony Hamilton. The type R&B they sing thts the type I sing.
We got those!
he hasn't put it out yet, he asked me for some input on it before it got mastered. he's dope af
Attending broadband breakfast event in dc on rural broadband
#quotes I've always thought that a name says a lot about a person. So naturally, being named Howard, I always wanted to crawl into a hole.
im tellin you bro i tried to tell niggas tha Giants wasnt no joke but since they thought they was i got paid its good
Finally Brooks you are going after the RIGHT person....Corbett positioned Joe as the patsy from the start
thank you very much I hope come out with something soon :)
#continental, I could not agree more with orig staff. Funny how handy computers are. Staff insisting on 3 forms of plastic ID? Not so much
That shit still has me rolling lol
I guess I'm going to stay up till the sun rises in 2hrs :/
Kate Beckinsale is so hot. Half of it is that accent ;)
tomorrow is saturday and sunday comes after
Speedy Gonzales over here! haha thanks, lady! and congrats about !
yup! It was 's baby - a ton of videos like this can be useful for the whole community. Now make one!
Trying to figure out what movie to watch with my baby boy!
now you know too!
Following Liam Neeson isn't asking much. (And if you'd kindly introduce me to William Hurt?) You've got it, Liam~
RT : That #NCAA trophy is gonna look sweet at Ritter. #RITNEWS <<Go Tigers!! Way to go!!
Andyone attending tonight have experience with DNode and/or PHP-DNode? Would like your thoughts on it.
Now the oh oh, Hamilton jammed on base hit, holding hand?? We'll see after commercial...
we in this nigga house
#WorstRapLineEver Beemer, Benz, or Bentley, Bugatti body, you claim it. And all of it depends on the way you shaking your anus - Nelly
Just saw the homie go for his on HBO On Demand. Was already impressed then I saw he repped PG too!
You welcome... Sorry im answering yhu soo late
“: we all should of hung out tonight w/ !! 😔” we still can! Maybe tomorrow though ;)
#BeerStatus Boatswain Chocolate Stout
God can and God will.
#GetAustinMahoneOnKROVOnceMore plz so I can meet him :)
Looks like someone at Rockstar Games watched Domino one too many times. Still, game is aces.
I told them not to blast it. It's what I say.
Hahah shutup..:( i'm getting better!
RT : Omg! Unexpected but yummy! RT : Rum/Cognac infused brownies topped with bacon and powder sugar
Holiday gift art show at MKE public Market 10-3! Don't wait last minute to buy your holiday gifts!
The Ameba secret santa gift exchange was a success!
I know what you mean when you gettin back to Conway
Sum things r just private
I like the idea of filling up with the right foods, not dieting...
": When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful""
I'm not the same person I used to be. I must admit, a lot of stuff got to me.
Some people must be blind cause I dont know what the hell your looking at sometimes... Your judgement is way off
Fox 6's jumps on with in 15 minutes!
because you can only ask for so much collaboration & creativity, in 6 different classes... need space and time to reflect
Debating if I should switch to a #hybrid bike - I don't want to but moving & I don't think my will be safe or be as beneficial
WHAT UP NOW DEN BLUE!!!!
I did because you told me too :P
#100thingsilove Foster The People
Thank you! :)
3 hours for my commute home sucks.
sy hi to the city for me!! Xo
Am I the only one at work today?
I can't sleep, so I gotta keep it moving! What's good in your neck of the woods?
Diane Mueller, Susan DeFlorio, Dave Zabrowski and Adam Swidler are all coming up this hour!
happy Friday....now to just keep that rain away
I can't say it enough: I Love you mommy! Happy Mother's day. ❤💗💋
ready for what?
I am filled with hate and misery.
"5025" is an 11% sour Belgian quad from It's aged for 17 months in red wine barrels. Any making it to the #pghbeer market?
I recommend The Chapel, booth 130 in the exhibition all at #ecgc General Convention.
My diner waitress: "do you want your usual today?". Scratch 'Become a Regular at a Diner' off my Bucket List!
working on today's posts. its a little bit of a cluster fuck
Last week I gave blood, today I'm getting 3 shots. I do not appreciate all these needles in my life.
Thank goodness for Google's undo send gadget... Want it for your gmail? Go to Settings, Labs, and search for "Undo Send"
Thanks for the shout out! Love my Doggie Style board on Pintrest!
Paul Kariya AND Chris Osgood both retire in one offseason?! Our childhood Heroes are dwindling sad to say...
Waking up an hour before your alarm goes off is a sure fire way to be productive..and tired..but productive.
There are a few must see shows on Oprah's OWN......Sweetie Pies & Beverly's Full House and don't forget Leave it to Niecy.
don't wanna sound arrogant, but we're your new favorite local band. just try us.
I know!!! Try the Craigslist app on your iPhone, it has this feature and I love it!!!
I dont want to jump to conclusions but....I just wonder why I'm percieved as that guy..
Coding dojo tonight Tonight's challenge: JavaScript fireworks using the canvas tag in 5 lines of code or less... (Not really)
Baldridge mobile teaching findings: remote learners performed significantly higher on post-test than traditionally taught peers.
Diamonds are forever, bitch.
no ones replying to your tweet. Hahaha
Its funny when you a commercial for old people comes on (the alert button if you fall and break you hip) and the volume gets way louder. Ha
my favorite bad girl Gia she always got it cracking she bout her word
If I had an hour left to live, I'd want to spend it listening to one of Romney's speeches, since it would be the longest hour of my life.
I think you should.
This sound like a helicopter: p?
That statement seems fairly redundant.
~I Talked To God Last Night He Asked Me Wat Wuz Wrong I Told Him EveryThing He Said Close Yo Eyes Go To Sleep The Sun Will Shine Tomorrow..!
just read smthn i think was directed towards me..funny because i aint do nthn but oh well cant help how u feel....
this girl has a new job after baby legacy is born :) closer to home and more money.
Good lord. Another "walk-by-a-starbucks" believer. Die. Please die.
You're presenting capstone Fri?
Twitter peeps - want one? DM me ur email.
dam for real y so late
Does it count as breakfast still if you're eating it at 11:45?
Hey, Pulitzer commitee, the National Book Foundation might have picked the wrong book, but at least they picked.
Yes, so fun! Delicious food and even better company!
: Don't be too prideful to go back and do it the right way."
oh i know i win...u shouldnt have even tried to go there wit me and dats dat shit i ws tlkin bout da otha night..i miss u 2
42k #Medical #Office @ Country Club & Baseline in reverted to #CMBS entity with $2.48m #credit bid on $7.4m
I saw this tweet, and for some reason the thought that came to mind was, "all-a meat-a and-a no potatoes, eh?" Love you bro.
If ever there was a way to get Evangelical Christians behind the idea of a Mormon president, this is it.
I think...I like your new pic ;-)
You are one hilarious bitch Conan ...one hilarious bitch
we the kids they ain't believe in who found reason to prevail
i wanna wed maggie
I love your songs soo much! I'm your number 1 fan! Please follow? I'd do anything. Love you jake!
": i want rare steak." Medium
How did you like the show last night?
2012 has been a good year. So good, that I'm running out of songs that make me feel like I am powering up like Voltron.
I've been eating like an animal over the past 48hrs. It's as if my body has gone berserk.This is what 15 months of will do
New bike lanes painted on Campbell between Belmont and Roscoe up to Westen?! Good job, !
TY!! Much appreciated!
I have a six word activity that I like to do with my qualitative research class when I have time. I love these.
Its Friday May 11 Happy birthday to The BEST Mother!!
the t2i has changed my life and i'm embarking on a new project with maguire and peloso
It's Crazy to be Lazy."
Thanks bud
lolol. Okay good. YOU DIDNT ANSWER MY CALL. 💔
Don’t let coupons trick you into buying something that’s not on your list, just to “save” money.
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell "I love sticking my hand into a pumpkin to pull out sticky orange crap."
idk how long I will be @ school tmmrw but I will try and see you. I know you will be at grad on Thursday right?
How come when we go on a trip we never leave when we plan
Sowwy, I was just excited! re: : easy with the language!
Ugh, I have to present tomorrow. I'm nervous :L
I am still reading your posts! They are really inspiring me since I launched my website this week!
ha! rick steves on just referred to one of his guidebooks as "the Kama Sutra of back door fun" See? Pledge drives are awesome.
After last night idk how I'm up and moving right meow but I like it
Early morning wake up! Excited to get this busy day started.
RT : , Your sys admin Jacob was amazing yesterday and really helped us out! // THANK YOU! ^SW
Yes, that specifically.
Server down for maintenance for an hour today, sorry bout that folks :)
Something about February afternoons in the Valley... It's so easy to fall in love with the day.
Kick rocks santa!!!!!!
Due tomorrow = Do tomorrow.
Jet Setters with a PURPOSE!!! You are both awesome! RT Geneva bound with !
Omg! They got married lol 2funny
My Lakers lost today but I still rep them until I die! Lakers all the way baby!!! :D
haha I believe it!!
gotta get down on Friday!
Dinner tonight >>>
okay I'm going to tell Treci
First touch down of the ND bowl game!
