#coyoteruns can I post some aqua jogging sessions up in this mofo? I mean just in case there are some injured runners needing cardio.
Blessed Love!
Ever wish you had a 2 hour delay so you could dump your entire show to this point? Def a dump your whole show kind of night.
Off this shit now Miami I'm no cruise person so glad I can finally fucking curse
Great job to everyone voting to support our Troops at www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff! Let's get to 100 by tomorrow!
thanks for the follow..like us at Facebook at seismic-sound. Been awhile since we've seen you guys. New material?
I don't read books I read minds.... I know what your thinking...
met some of my closest friends, and wrote, edited & directed two films. 2011 was pretty good to me.
RT : Of Broncos' 53-player roster plus 8-player practice squad (61 total), 31 are new this year.
i dont get it, KG should play some, and poor Bass needs rest, he will burn out...
Good wednesday friends ..
I get bored w/ people easy
Now you're all gone, got your makeup on and you're not coming back [CAN'T YOU COME BACK]
Club Premier Every sunday is Paid N Full Sundays/Hosted By Northside Lee Live In The Mix
that's not what Kendra told me -.-
God said "Let There Be" and there were...Think of all the possibilities that he has for you if you just submit to his will and not yours.
we are open till 4. Come get some food at half time or after the game....
good looking out bruh!!
Only guest opening left in May is 22nd Please contact direct & LinkedIn to confirm reservation today. Thanks/JDN
~praise the lord. or should I say.. ~praise the armpit
Need a new Twitter
fundraiser event this Sat!
If white wine goes with fish, do white grapes go with sushi?
Dangerous for people with 1b side seats RT : Trevor Plouffe making the start at 3B tonight. That's certainly new and interesting!
just too hot!
haha thanks. I just went to the ER. I broke my hand punchin him! Lol
lol..... But, now that I'm older I see why they did it and thankful they did. It does get better
hey long time no talk... how you been?
my dad once told me when I was 5 that I was a bad girl so they took my birthday off the calendar since I was born on leap year.
Dont You Get Tired Of Traveling?!?
Great practice tonight, looking for some gigs for beginning of april. Holla at your boys!
: email me privately about the fellows program, please and thanks
LISTEN LIVE! UPforEd Executive Director Shelli Kurth speaks live about SDUSD budget at 5:35 p.m. with 's LaDona Harvey.
I don't think your stupid� but what's my opinion against thousands?
Uh oh. Can you try again? If it goes through twice I'll be sure to refund immediately.
nice, what's your email address?
Wrapping up in Athens. I think I could've used another day here (and possibly another week or so in the hotel), but a great stop.
I hate raisins.
Long weekend, in So Cal, looking for a new home? opening new phases at many communities; check out their touchscreens, too!
I hear the beat of my heart getting louder whenever i'm near you
Readers have sex. But do they have gender? So asks Kathleen Lubey.
I maybe would..
Idk how I feel about this -.-
U would probably go insane if u had 2 go threw half of the shit I've been threw
All very well, but there can only be one Sick Man of Eurasia. Time for a showdown!
Thank you so much! Baltimore thanks you! “: Just got my mother to vote for you! That is 3 out of 3 from my family!”
Where is the nastiest place you've ever gotten layed? I did it in a ditch on the side of the highway once.
Working on a new tune...#raycharles inspired.
what's ur definition of gross stuff
Gettin ready to head down to Starbar with my baby for Fortune's video gig!!
still somewhat shitty. Med express said it wasnt strep. Just viral. Ugh
thanks for the #FF!
Stupid airplane lady
guess what i will be gettin in the mail this weekend?..... DARK WORLD!!! will post pic as soon as i get it
really?? Lols I like playing with a guys feet, of they're cute and clean and stuff lols
Thanks Matt!
I love my doggy! Seriously when i wake hes their next to me licking my elbow lol :D
Saw the avengers last night. Fell asleep in the middle, woke up for the end. Lots of explosions and one liners.
welcome too Indiana pacers barbosa !!!! Excited too have you on our team :)
y'all are doin the bible lectures? Good shit lol. I wish I was back there.
Super-excited to hear talk about hip-hop and economic recovery tonight at Memorial Hall!
"Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way." from Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips and Speeches
Att school still
what changed your mind?
haha I agree!
Just submitted a CREATE! proposal for #cwcon on gaming pedagogy. Keeping fingers crossed.
thanks for the mention
Just brought dinner to friends with a newborn. Sometimes you forget how amazing little human beings can be.
I just won the FASHION GROUP INTERNATIONAL Rising Star Award for HOME! Proudly bring back a coveted design award back to Georgia!
Does that mean I could sell my Polaroid camera for big bucks?
Who made up the rules anyway?!?
love you too :)
His decision, not yours. Deal. RT : about what horseshit this is, and how lebron took the easy way out. I think.
You look amazing. I want to come see you.
Weekend please.
That just makes me go harder, taking it all in yes yes :)
My Baby Spent all day in the Kitchen cooking while i laid in bed watching TV, HOW SAD. FOOD LOOKS GREAT. GIVE THANKS
I don't understand #pinterest... Someone explain the appeal please?
umm I think someone by the name of Nick Breezy should go on and win American Idol ;) right?
Conrad Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter
Thank you! :)
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference
KINDA CRAZY.
BOOSTER was somewhat gritty but above all it was relatable - something I miss from most crime dramas.
I'm gonna superstar !!! ♥
get me. . . .something
So Todays My Moms Birthday,I Asked Her What She Wants She Said "I Want An Shirt&Tickets To His Concert In Houston!
Its like shes avoiding me....
whats the egg thing?
first meeting with the National Institute for Latino School Leaders @ #NCLRAdv12 to talk about charter schools w/ House committee staff
Thanks, Really Appreciate It
u be clubbing here huh?
you're so desperate...
Ha Ha You know it! Giants are elite
driving home..☺
RT FOX NEWS:GOP Congressman calls for Janet Incompetano to step down.
That awkward moment when you see two lesbians and wonder which one makes the sandwiches..
What was that stuff in #ABQ coming from the sky? Not familiar.
it has been forever! Welcome back!
good for him! & good for her! You, im not sure :-p
The puppy has the hiccups! What do we do?
Shoutout to the beautiful one and only :)
RT : It's funny how I'm good at giving advice to others, but when it comes to helping myself, I don't know what to do.
Bitches and hoes, bitches and hoes...
I've been working on lots of little projects from Indie films &short films to an Adidas print shoot I just did. Having lots of fun!
We Are The ICONic Boyz From Englishtown New Jersey (':
~+!!-| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
had my guy phone yesterday. I don't care about a man phone. U find what u looking 4
We had to go visit #AmazingMilwaukeeRace stop Pabst Square before checking out the Cleopatra exhibit!
praying for you guys and the church plant in Columbus... blessings!
Just got an anonymous email, informing me I "used to be cool," and am now "preening" and "cantankerous." At least I identify myself, though.
Tony "Oh-No" Romo does it again!
Happy New Year from The Kisses!
Please consider a making a monetary donation to the 'West Pittston Library Recovery Fund' of the Luzerne Found. by calling 570-714-1570.
Trained hard this few weeks,It's great when my coach tell's me to rest for two day's and eat a lot.thank;s Coach Aaron.
Jason Ohlner asks teachers to make one change.
Try Jim Lahey's / Sullivan St. Bakery no knead bread (Google). I make it 2x a week.
thank you . Happy birthday to you too
Wasn't biotech making promises, but universities & econ developers who thought they had found (yet another) silver bullet
tired as all hell. Lmâø. You?
Today I woke up and wondered what brontosaurus would look like with a hangover.
#iwish he would just take the time to listen to me
tonight's not a good night for me either bud. Maybe next weekend?
Mumford & Sons >>>
Cotto tryna leave a nigga dead in these street.
Still in love with my sweatpants ;D
thankyou so much for following and sharing!
Enjoying surprise of a 85% average on archaeology class exam...though I'm only half way through the tests.
'Sugar Man' inspired local fighters, fans - Chicago Tribune
we're playing right now on JU 108! Come listen! radio.ju.edu!
found Cultural Hall in iTunes and went ahead and gave it a 5 star rating. I have 'faith' I won't regret it.
Maryland 9/11 Memorial designed by to be dedicated by Governor O'Malley today at 3pm at the World Trade Center in inner harbor.
I want a "coffee fuckin' drink some" poster for my living room. That way, I can pretend I live in QC land.
lol yea and I gotta put 40 hours in a week here at my job but I wish I could do the ymca again tho
#boulder #buffalo head mystery solved: Just some dude drying a souvenir buffalo head in the front yard. No biggie. Happens all the time.
Let's see if I can get to 700 followers by New Years Eve!!! RT!!! ;)
I'm about 2 take a muscle relaxer. In my universe, this is the equivalent of shooting up a sandwich-sized baggie of heroin. World, bewarezzz
so like what's your favorite activity u like to do alone @ home?
LOVE the animated GIFs -- hot body, love it, especially the pecs and the light coat of hair...
i freaking love you phae! I can't wait to see you this weekend! We can have a convo about my guy(; TEXT ME TOMORROW BABE!<3
happy hour on the sony lot
I GUESS HONESTY ISN'T A POLICY ANYMORE . O WELL NO HASH TAG NO SUB TWEETS. NOT LOOKIN FOR ANY EITHER. IMMA NOT GIVE A FUCK N KEEP IT.MOVING
the worst thing about it is they cut my GOT SIX sweatshirt & my POLAMALU 43 jersey off of me!!!!
I will be doing a live interview on th. 8:00 pm Tn. time with Mandy Mason on www.honkytonk101radio.com
I hate when your washing your face and you feel like someone's behind you. .___.
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!! THANKS
She looked kinda pissed off, actually. But that might have been because she was almost hit by a car.
Good for Artists/ songwriters! Village People singer wins Legal Battle in fight to reclaim song rights.
nah brother. He almost over dove it.
Id really like for my parents to come back to this house so I can go to home and go to bed.
I go on your profile to make sure you are tweeting and here you are hollaring at How u say jendeh in Armenian?
i have an undercut again, i look cute and i don't care what you think.<3
Accepted into Marshall...officially a Trojan! Very Exciting...
but i work hard. Sometimes I do overtime hoe
Yeah bitch
Man Jeff Teague just had one of the best blocks I've seen this year
WHATS good homie!! i meet u @ SXSW. AFTER YALL FADERFORT show outside!! u told me u spent alot of time in AUSTIN..get @ me homie
Beautiful night at Bar Louie, luau party tomorrow!
we get an extra hour? I don't know what to do with the 24 I already have.
We can't wait to poop in your cereal in February! <3
Remote Conductor is currently featured in the "What's Hot" section of the US iTunes App Store for top overall apps!
I listened on to a few on his website. Also, grooveshark.com is decent for streaming music for free if you're in need of tunes
I got a build a bear at Navy Pier today....I named it Austin Carter Mahone<3 (;
She loses her 1st boyfriend to a lie. Then she met her 2nd boyfriend who now has a kid from another relationship. Will ignacio be her 3rd?
How do you ask a man to be the last man to die for a mistake?
cool. Have fun!
Favorite #superbowlcommercial so far?
No shopping for 40 days. Ready set go!
hoping when we go 1:1 next year, I will be using it much more often. I'm just trying to brainstorm the possibilities early.
Brett November 15th, 2007 9:51 am Hi Gang…Like JLA said, dairy products are not permitted
Interactive video can offer different paths to meet the viewer exactly where they are !
I wish I had been there too! Was it awesome?
fuck u dale
I don't understand love and it's entirety.
RT : So, how was dinner?
Love the funky invites on I'm thinking a classy V-day party for my Feb. bday
Watching #slaverybyanothername on #PBS. Nice to see my friends and colleagues sharing their knowledge!
no, thank you! I am just trying to help pass along positive, encouraging, helpful message to those who are open to changes. :)
Chicagoland apartment hunting today!
NICE! I heard about them through he tweeted a pic of their album when it came out. Glad I read it lol
scene from The Meaning of Life. The administrator is coming. Turn on the most expensive machine & the machine that goes bing!
pshh, fine then, i'd rather not get ignored anyway
Yeah, maybe it's better if I don't follow Arsenal v. Sunderland via twitter right now.
Or a smart mayor may want to eat a Minnesota burger
My parents says it's their house but when it's time to clean, it magically becomes mine too.
which one? Are you enjoying it?
I should go to school more often.
Heading in for photo call then tonight's performance! Come on out to to see BECKY'S NEW CAR! (573)474-3699
Thanks for the follow, Andy. I followed you back.
How will you be helping banish the Nain Rouge this year?
I like The Wallflowers version of "Heroes" better than the Bowie version.
chilling with and I'm dying at them!
RT if u think is hot AND a really good singer (:
RT : I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan
The one person I don't want telling me I can or cannot get married...
2012 finna b my year gonna b focused n on my grind. ATEAMEntxxx lol
and if he can't do it? He will lose even more. This Sooner fan wishes he went pro. Changing of the guard. Need more Bell.
Thanks for the RT!
2 BR house somewhere around Palo Alto. Can you ask around for me? Can't do roommates because I have a 2 year old child.
I'm really glad gladness that i'm taller than most people.
GO PACK GO!
FRIDAY BOOKINGS!!
announcement day is like Christmas morning.
cant see than is less consistent than even garcia..
Adoration Contrition Thanksgiving Supplication is the ACTS prayer model
Mary Kennedy was found dead. Another victim of the Kennedys, I'm sorry, they are notorious for killing women & getting away with it.
I'm more addicted to Mt. Dew then Cigarettes... <3
Yes, but more like short 'flail on the trail' type of running. Once I a build back up, I will join you folks on a long one!
Love me some #boomstick !
Loving the Flipboard for iPhone!
Oh your 20 years old, you must be so wise please tell me what life was like "Back in the day"
Bad things happen to them also, but the good things always out weigh the bad.
If your into sports, and want to know about every black athlete that ever played sports. Check out my boys site... www.arhenetwork.com
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Something's wrong with this coverage. There aren't nearly enough close-ups!
Happy Birthday and !!!
hahahaha! I had the same reaction when I read that email
"A broken heart is a heart that has felt love."
Am I reading this right, that we'll only have 14 weeks + 2 days?
Cardio done... on to my chest workout...
Who's generous enough to follow me
I saw in Forever 21 at the mall yesterday!!!😊
Time for a third tattoo and cutoff shirts.
“Your beliefs don’t make you a better person, your behavior does.” anonymous
Dear Michigan, you have a lot of dead deer on the side of the road. Ten and counting! What'd they ever do to you!?
why can't you drink ?:(
thanks ben 
think I need a nap. luckily, I can take one!
(1 of 5) I am truly grateful to have spent the day with the other #igniteSmithsonian speakers: , ,
Finally! I can be on the internet during a thunderstorm without worrying if my DSL connection will fail!
haha you know me well
The liberation n acting is the choices too. ": The difficulty in #Acting is the choices."
Please Contact me about next weeks show on Wednesday. . Thanks!
Today at Rock the Ink we will be having a limited release signing of our 2011 calendar. come see us!
April bring Showers but not Snow Showers PLEASE!
Will do! Thanks
I work nights. What's your excuse.
JUST ANNOUNCED! 3 DOORS DOWN with special guests Theory of a Dead Man and Pop Evil is coming the Woods at Fontanel- October 02, 2011 we!!
College assignments are such a pain.
Loves listening to people's "fight stories" knowing that 99% of them are bullshit. Laughing at them with my boy
#Glee tonight :)
His words have meant nothing before, thus the problem. Gitmo, medical cannabis ... across the range he spoke well but no action.
Wow now i really want to rip some people's heads off!
Good night &
"our challenges are unprecedented" but our learning systems are not preparing us to cope with these challenges.
Lmfao!!!!! That sad face made it too funny.... RT no bread or ketchup bc carbs and sugar are the devil. :(
WE Got One Of The Best Studios In The 305 Area! Come Visit Us TOday!
dude you are so white!
This bitch has me on hold.
smartphones are reinventing the connection between companies and their customers -Rich Miner
We are READY for the weekend! Thanks for asking!
do u look at unknown actor's websites & is it better to have a photo gallery page or just diff. photos on each webpage?
Thank you for letting me know. Big hug, I am sure you are mightily relieved!
cool right! Pretty famous apparently and I didn't even know my friend runs it! So sweet!
Lots of activity around union square.
School tomorrow:/
your super hot, fire hot, something like the sun in the sky.<3
2010 Guenoc Petit Sirah $10, inky, peppery, nice finish, some black cherry, good sipping or with beef kabobs.
hey Andy/Chelle.How's the weather in Irvinecleveland? I'm actually heading out for a show
Splurging on 35 mm film while I'm at it. Only for summer.
aw thanks chantelle!!! :)
I just talked to a guy from Poland. I understood him
“: Considering deleting twitter off my phone to.” NO
's Rampage
Slow on my knob and bitch do ya job
i got a C too
Ankle swole just like my arms
Thanks for the RT, Aurelia. It got a little #hairy for the #RedSox last night in the 9th.
Business is personal. People commit themselves to other people, not to organizations. – Hatim Tyabji
hey what up bro. Getting u used to twitter early morning
Today has been a good day for the most part
Happy 90th Betty White!!!!
We can't wait! RT : So excited to make pasties with tomorrow. My boobies need some decoration!
watching burlesque. this movie reminds of my best fran !
Go forth and set the world on fire. ~St. Ignatius Loyola
Field is looking great! Can't wait to get this game underway Let's go BULLS!
Archer Season 2 on Netflix. Why yes, thank you…
Oh tinnitus. You bitch.
Tortas & our 05' Barbera D' Alba for lunch today! Yum! Thanks #BolilloTortasGrandOpening!!
we gotta link up bro I need a few exclusives.
No I didn't!! I am right next door! Doing hw in Abby's room! Ya'll ditch me and her at dinner! Smh
He Slightly Does! Who Is He?
I saw the high-five, and the subsequent grin on your face :) great show, eh??!!
#LifeWouldBeBetter if I could see Santana in concert tonight or tomorrow night. He's a genius.
Someone at a conference mentioned this site and I could not remember the name. Thank you!
that's the Bob Allen on Maple Ave, right?
No Matter how dirty you are or have been I've got the best tools for getting you extra squeeky clean Jess! Let's get started! :)
If you are at cooking with George tonight , you learned how to make these gnocchi !
SI-powered is awesome.
Thans for the FOLLOW :D xoxo
It's been hell not having you here.
Happy Easter!! :)
searching for a Comp Analyst in FREDERICKSBURG, VA. Must have HRIS exp and knowledge of FSLA. Send resume to
its going!! Lol just a truckin along
yeah I was sitting there ask why over and over lol
Nice moves on the lanes!
“It’s hard to wait around for something you know may never happen, but it’s harder when you know it’s everything you want
got music festival season coming around real quick getting prepared for the madness
What's good my nigga?? hit me up when u get the chance.
Hope he stays with it.
Okay be there :)
#NFLrookie advice: Its okay to be nervous about measuring up to peers & veteran teammates. Focus on performance to build your confidence.
Christopher Columbus was a vampire.
Guess what??? I'm in Austins suitcase (in the hotel) haha :P
Why is Team Obama in 'Panic Mode' as Hearing Nears on Failed Anti-Gun Trafficking Program?
Stole 5 bucks from my moms purse because I'm a bamf.
Cellar Door favorite Keith Vance and band will be at the on Tues. 08.23 @ 8pm with band and more. $5.
That's bc you are always ravishing!
you can't spell >.>
I love blue eyed boys but is my dream man :)
Time for some rubs! Yummy!
He who throws dirt is losing ground. - Play Alganon
#IfYouLetMe you won't regret me. Sh.t if you let me you won't forget me.
Seriously Boston...eff the wind
He fucks his hands everyday RT : I won't let Bomani wipe his ass. Hasn't done it in 25 years. Hands are too damn fragile.
I do agree with the statement, although I think the line you speak of is sometimes clear, and sometimes fuzzy.
I can be your hero baby
LOL no room left. OSI is carved in caramel goo, and wet dreams.
ha! Delayed response yes:)
Everyone has #thatex that you glad you're not the father of her now 6 kids.
Thanks for talking to #usf students. I should come up for an agency tour or...
Got a show the 25th at the UACA with and lions lions be there
My dad almost died yesterday #Diabetes&only 1person helpd him..I know my God is an #AWESOME God&I have not stop thanking Him for His mercy!
here's to the kalin and myles fans who have been here since the very first day. 💜
those are pretty great. Do they light up?
bad reception in lodi.
"The crowd pushes away from Perkins saying, 'He's killed him! Dead as hell! His own son!'"- THE PERSONAL EQUATION (1915)
Famed investor Buffett takes stake in Lee Enterprises
how is it lookin for Walker?
RT if u real
Call for Stories at Lamplighter Roasting Company, this Saturday from 4-6! See you then!
Kansas grain elevator cited for serious violations - Fox News
Missed ovids breakfast by 2 minutes
hey i just got u that 500th like on FB :) im getting friends in the states to check you guys out! #browniepointsanyone ?
i want ya 1000 tweet
i think so too… it was very touching
Hey! You should come down to NOLA for a nice change of pace, plus Louisiana is now #1 in film productions :) Happy Holidays!
so glad I could help! Let me know how it goes, and take pics of what you order! :)
Lollapalooza sounds reaaall sweaty to me.
I take it all back, Game Of Thrones. I will give my life in place of yours, be it necessary. Your ladies are kickass.
a women with chew in her lip. a first for me.
Me too. Maybe he needs some Lyle Lovett. Lol.
great pictures as always! :)
I proboly will be on tommoro, but if i'm not... MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE![: I hope Santa brought every thing you ask for (; lol .<3.
Come in for your A service today and you will receive a #MercedesBenz key chain!
Pujols is getting walked
But I'm sure carrying less than 3 grams of pot will still get you sent to jail in Topeka.
i think its around 100 for best seats, and 60 for cheap. You check kiosk day of, if they don't have them, u can get @ mirage
Night night twitter
What does it say about our industry that the "I Can Has Cheezburger" guy is a keynote speaker at #ONA11?
TWITTER NAME IDEAS FOR ME GOO
This years Fall Guy Honoree will be Joe Comfort "The King". Charity Roast Dinner set for October 18th at the Riverside Convention Center
Warren Buffett – no signs of economic recovery - I think he is wrong. House prices are stablizing and the Stock market is on the rise.
So fucking livid
That Life Alert! commercial is hilarious..."hhelp, help, i've fallen n i cant get up". I need the life alert. Lmfao.
: you are hilarious!!!
It's quite satisfying doing a Civ tech rush and annihilating a map of stone age players using stealth bombers.
Law and order svu is all that's on tv fml
these cigarette commercials gettin serious........
ate mini wheats
A weird Feeling##
Yes there was an earthquake. No, there is no damage. Yes, people are freaked out. No, there is no good reason why.
RT : We all wanna secretly have sex with
"It's time for a new page, time to break stranglehold," Filner says.
S/o to them Dumb boys for TYRNNA fight them marines yall ion as soon as the poilice came yall woulda ran #thinkbeforeyouact!
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw each spouse has equal bargaining power.
Bingo date was excellent despite us not winning anything. Now=fajitas and beer for din din.
Just followed u back. What's up stranger?
I always dig your finds. Thanks.
Hate jock itch
Some how everyday ppl always remind me of the old me..Makes me wanna snap n lose my mind..I NEED ANGER MANAGEMENT CLASSES ...
listening to the new Alejandro Escovedo. sounds great!
I passed my summer school class! I got the credit! Hah so as of right now....I am ahead of my credits! :D #beast!
“: Def meant to send that as a DM. but YOU ARE A PUNK.... doesnt change my opinion. lmao!” lmao you def the punk
Lets se how many people text me
I've been on a big kick learning about# #megalithic sites.
tryig to get her to drive
I will be your hero if youll be my
Did they seriously censor "Smoking grade A" in Young & Wild & Free?
Come visit the newest social media outlet at www.lifetrophys.com. Give us you're feedback and let us know how to improve our site for you.
Got an idea? Need help makin' it happen? Sign up for the free Google+ Hangout Session on StartingUp on Feb 28 at 7:00pm CST....
Love, lust, or lies? From which do you base your relationships ? 3 four letter words that mean the same thing
Check out , a 5-part special series highlighting the special burden war places on women. Tuesday nights 10PM on PBS
"Even if you start a business with the wrong idea or too many competitors, you can out-execute"
Happy #piday, everyone. Pictures of celebratory piecaken are forthcoming.
Focus, focus, focus. That's how it's done.
ima enjoy ma piece if cake too doe watch...
Vibrator named Fabio gona be my valentine lol
Really? It's so sunny but it's like 10 degrees out.
sorry, , but would destroy you in Street Fighter II Turbo Edition.
When people actually take my tweets seriously *facepalms*
lmfao just died clearly you chose this one for a reason bitch lmao
Eay generatn #GOP caused "BANKRUPTCIES' that destroy JOBS,LIVES,FUTURE of Working Amer Fams& #GOP expect GOVT Bail Outs=NO MORE #GOP n 2012!
word man. you got some pretty dope beats yo. keep it up.
ABSO GUTTED. WHY CANT AUSTIN COME TO THE UK :(:(:(:(:(:(:(:(:( oh well, happy for the NY Mahomies <3
The Sunday exacta: Bills won, got some sun, NYTimes crossword done.
Last Saturday off in the history of my job in San Francisco. Going to enjoy this beautiful day and get shiz done.
Three words about my day. Jackhammer. CD's. Kayak.
Getting close to 100 likes! Maybe we'll do something special for the Rabid Facebooker that becomes our
rainy day in Dallas. Writing while listening to the blues!!! Who's your fav blues artist?
Let us enjoy the gift of the present together...
then FB it!
Kids learning about manure, sheep shearing, and growin' crops at Mt. Vernon
thanks for taking the time to check it out! Tell to get us a show out there.
I think its hilar...especially since we aren't twitter friends,lol.
Looking For Luxury Homes? Call Me Now For A List Of The Best Las Vegas has to offer. 702-518-6567
War is ugly.
Taylor is a freaking beast!
.... Yeah, 2012 is LEAVING! You guys are #NOT important anymore. Ha.
vents out of code. When people cook or do laundry it comes into our apt. Horrible. He said there's no code and no case. Lies.
Is it really over? #3DF21 ps. big thank you to for keeping the models happy.
Hi there!
Thanks for the follow Grow yourself and your community by freeing the mind of a young person. Join
I know! I am so thankful they left the phone in the car. Careful when you go to the beach!
you are beautiful!!
I wonder if the #SpaceX #Falcon9 static hotfire will be visible from my office window...
Undergraduate Symposium Today - w/500+ at Union South showing off their best research, service learning and creative work!
There is nothing more important to me than the health and the welfare and the happiness, of the people of #NewYorkCity. [1943]
New eyeglasses x 2! Happy birthday to me :)
I'm like so addicted to writing again. This is OSM
Begin at the beginning, and go on till you come to the end, then stop
Try calling 9737334311 or That's the city's non-emerg help line. They should be able 2 refer u regarding jobs.
Tonight ought to shut a lot of Braun-haters up for a bit.
I hope you get whats coming to you
Bucky totally rocked it today.
Awesome! Jimmy Burnet the Pants Man is hosting a super bowl half time show on Spike TV!!!
lol! My son thinks we can rewind everything AND fast forward through all the commercials!
thx! Back at you!
I got a chandelier!!! To go in my room
I love stocking up on basic tees each season when Old Navy has sales. Sweet deal.
I'm in bed
Kicking some footballs!
Troubles never end. Get rid of one and you face it's friend. Move beyond troubles and seek the happiness with-in.
no problem! :)
I'M TIRED TODAY.
Good morning!
So I said muy rico instead of muy caro talking about price. I caught it. It's rude to judge me when I'm trying to help you.
you would tag me in that one haha what about the functional blackout
Up early waiting on USPS...
Right! But I'm finna take my ass to sleep ill text you when I get up.
uh oh
The more difficult the achievement, the more valuable it is.
Im hungry :(
no sorry I'm coaching tonight
That good
I just want her to get out of "character" to accept the award. It kind of cheapened the presentation to Brittany too IMO.
#Salud Amigo! RT : Happy Uno de Mayo! You don’t need to wait until Saturday to enjoy Espolón. ¡Vámonos Amigos!
it is! Haha
That's funny. I hope the Congressmen's wives use headaches as contraception...
If you are cold reading at a play audition & you need reading glasses, it might be helpful to remember the glasses.
My history teacher really likes to talk about One Direction. My history teacher is a boy.
Relaxing!! Shower & thinking about making a few returns (extra things I bought) - which will be more money towards my camera buying on 31st
Freshman year, the last person I said "see ya later" to was my best bro only fitting that happened again senior year.
Ah, Dark Horse, my home away from home. How I've missed you.
“: People who sleep more have a higher alcohol tolerance.”
Thanks for the RT ! Are you on #Pinterest too?
Good quality broadcast. Birds are chirping. Heard a cardinal. And a train go by.
That girl got a scrub to cover her pussy! LMAO . she's not cute
At NCLR ALMA awards, highlight hearing George Lopez say he was the "pinche gringo whisperer" #vivalaraza!
You win some you lose some... Today I did both.
It was like salsa dancing. She has the guts to do that in a full-packed auditorium though. Props to her!
oh ahah ok then, dude class is fun
I envy people who have the luxury of getting genuinely up in arms about unimportant things and then proceed to yell at me.
corporate tax deadline is March 15. Do you still need an CPA/accountant?
Thanks! I'm out now, but I'll look when I get home. :)
FML! im finally headed home cant wait to relax. done with allot of bs too! glad i got great friends though we could get allot out finally.
If yesterday's any indication of the year to come, this one should be my best yet. Thanks to my friends & family for making 30 feel awesome.
wish I could be in two places at once!
Ideas won't work unless you do.
It's not. My parents live in South Bend, and Bishop Roades is very serious about it.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Nope. Just wasn't sure what it meant.
Two weeks of school left...then done with first year of college...
Oh yeaah GO RANGERS !
We can't choose our fate, but we can choose others. Be careful in knowing that
Don't try to be deep and neglect storytelling. You'll put your audience to sleep--if you even get one in the first place.
haha - I havent been to bed that early since I was 7 years old. ha!
Happy to welcome to the board tonight! Great to have you onboard.
Getting gas for the first time in over a month.
Nice to Tweet you too! Looking forward to popping into this summer & meeting you! Thanks for the intro!
Merkel & Sarkozy sleeping at the same hotel tonight prior to the big Summit Sunday - could be they'll talk privately. Could prevent a war?
I already knew that! It's still nasty.
Occupy Wall Street might turn into occupy the globe soon!!!
negative ghost rider as I'm in the city of brotherly love...home team lost. Going home for popcorn and meursault!!!
Jorge was a more reliable winner for longer. Injuries suck, but when he pitched.. you knew what you were getting
Wow, so theres a new law that allows police officers to search through your phone?????
If they can move on...then so can you. Just keep your head up and keep smiling.
Enjoying the 70 degree sunny weather and listening to jazz.
I'm really hatin today. Tell the truth just once. Please.
You think Derek Fisher wants revenge?
Whim w/ tonight!
WOO HOO! Congrats, Jo!
How do you beat the #Texas Heat? Trees bring our property lots of shade and the cool breezes out here in the country are great relief!
Download your copy of A-Town Veteran by #ColeHart, and get into a #Streetlit #ebook the #write way.
Happy Summer! Today at 1316 it's officially Summer, & according to one weatherMAN a big "S" will zoom across the sky!
The truth hurts- but lies heal . Funny how that works
Happy birthday :)
excuse me but me and Harry are already dating soo..... (;
the conclusion of "A Good Man is Hard to Find" A great use of suspense by having the climax occur 'off screen'.
And it works no matter how you spell it: independence RT : Independents.
see you at #RECon12!
Today I just got my noticed that the car has officially been paid off. Life is good!
Man these hoes dont want it.!! They better stop playin with my sister before we get in they ass.!
Scientists confirm limited genetic diversity in the extinct Tasmanian tiger Scientists have confirmed the unique Tasmanian tiger or thyla
Does it worry anybody else that we've had two large earthquakes that have caused significant damage on the edge of the Pacific Plate?
they're have a 24 hour vote telethon today lol.... I'm worried too xD
I'm making friends with the ANT Farm Cast and Crew
wow. graduation in the a.m. it's surreal.
Turning c's to g's is important but I'm not
thanks for following, Are you excited about the wedding? It's all over our news.
miss you
For Hire [!] Anything will do. My husband's really high maintenance
I get to see my little cousin Cailtyn today! Hopefully she can play barbies with me.
Darnton: Knowledge as public good. DPLA force for good.
Ten minutes in and this #southpark episode is already amazing
we love them too
Hi Bas, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
TONIGHT ITS ON AGAIN ON THE BEATS ON THE CAMERA & 50CENT DRINKS TILL 12AM LEEETTSSS GO!
Awe. Thanks!
listening tp Sweet Home Alabama on the radio. Heard this like 10 times in 24 hrs' AND saw movie of same name. What
My greatest lesson as a #autism parent is to accept & embrace my kids for exactly who they are!
Colin Firth coming right up. Worth waiting for.
it's damn sad
[×] [o] charmander: but when u gonna get a re-trial date with kaoras after u brought some white zinfandel to a study date
Good Morning MKE! This sunday is Mother's Day & we think a clean house would be the perfect gift. We can help with that!...
no but Bryce at is I did the wireframes and such
I know whore I called you to get white girl wasted but you were being effin lame
been handling biz watsup wit a photo/ video shoot
Booking controversial and interesting and celebrities for my radio show. Ideas welcome
oh how i love a cookout huge tea
www.wolfpackradio.org is the website for the station
I'm a Cub fan--'nuf said. 1984 was the first of many.. losing to the Padres in the NLCS. Leon Durham--right thru the wickets.
Hahaha! Now I'm just fascinated with everything Dutch!
yes ur are momma bear
They think WE are stupid enough to believe their lies but they'll be surprised on Election day!
From the Muslim world, coffee passed on to Italy, then to the rest of Europe and the Americas.
New Product Report: Prep Jerks spring/summer 2012 | LateBoots ...
How awesome is it that #ds106 got more than $12k in pledges through kickstarter?
Had a great bday but I wish my Jenk 2 girls were here!!
I'm just a girl, trying to keep the pollen out of my eyes.
#whatgetsmegoin people treating other human beings with no respect
Long day ahead of me #dangit 😲
If I woulda gone home none of this woulda happened.
Good idea - will do!
Just met An old school journalist with a new school skill set. Find her at #ACHJ12, talk to her, you'll hear why.
“: Gold > silver. I love goooollllddd” reminds me of dr evil, haha "I love gold!"
yea it does lol
The first third of it easily reminded me of The Lottery by Shirley Jackson. So...1948?
Don't think so. They all tasted great to me! The guy who works at my store said he'd read something about bad batches though.
I'm really proud of my former home state right now. Way to go, Ohio!
did you install a fleshlight in your shitzu doll too? JK hahaha
Oof that's rough! Someday, I'll get a big, fancy one with a really GOOD warranty!
78 alley oops
woow damn that sucks did she blessed you to death lol
Why is the Ninja Turtle walking around with a Michael Jackson glove on today?!? o_0
he looks like ronald McDonald....?!!!
WHAT?! Seriously? There needs to be some sort of Tudor Panic Button that summons historians when inaccurate info is promulgated
i guess twitter is now the hunger games! because it picks random celebrites and killing them off!
Summer nights.
Dude, you just aint right!!! LOL
Will you be giving away tickets to next weeks friendly match #ElSalvador Vs. New Zealand?
"guys, it's her 6 months today. Yup, Alyxis is pregnant."
Family over aint nothin better than that! >>>>>
Today, we're crushing and pressing Chilean Malbec. And custom labeling a couple cases of #wedding #wine. Congrats Ken & Cindy!
COLD? Doesn't matter, Clevelanders still making reservations for a night out! Enjoy
"SPEAKING VOLUMES": (overheard on Broadway at Prince Street) #JAN2812: "sometimes I'm gay"
We're just about to get started, will try to tweet some treats, apparently there'll be discussions of custard!
Good afternoon, people! just got out of the shower. Feeling good and feeling fresh!!!!
throat hurts and i have a cough STILL. suxxx
Wow. Small world.
Your best bet is to post to the Strophe.js mailing list. I'll try to help if I can.
hey! I'm like sec away from seeing barry manilow
please follow me..if you do i will be your friend 4eva, not in a stalker way lol
Sebastian Le Toux to the EPL? .....nobody saw that one coming in USL days.
hahaha going for a hip hop video shoot. just got instructions from the label to get as tan as possible by tuesday. whaaa
What's on your menu for Sunday?
there is always room on this couch!
I saw you 4 time in a bit more then a week. saw u in nashville, atlanta, miami both nights not far from u at all of them
strategy fail
cant be mad at a person doing their own thing, if they not yours....nbs
Lots of folks are looking well past the Mets & Astros this week. That's a good way to be disappointed with a .500 road trip.
I'm glad you're getting the shoes mister customer
I was made to be a mogul
thank u ur right. Glad ur well. Miss chatting w u. Thx for the re add on fb :P
having your own app, on the other hand... “: Neither is Paying sales tax, Quickbooks, insurance, invoicing, etc.”
I almost quit twitter just now because it recommended that I follow both Ted Nugent and Benjamin Netanyahu.
Failure is an option. So, have good partners in crime. Growing in a new job comes down to relationships
I need me a OE Night
My wife treats me like a god;I get a burnt offering at every meal.
we like your tweets. LOL. Follow Back.
Hey fellow Chicago food bloggers, anybody going to the Street Food Festival and want to meet up with Bunny and Brandy?
Almost home.
it's what I do best
follow me back please?
Where Yo Side At
You are always welcome for dinner.
I know that you guys are goinbg to win b/c you deserve it the most!!! You guys were and still be amazing!! I love you guys <3
RACHEL WTF DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT THAT? ;O
now how does ffn translate into following? You're gonna have to explain that one to me tomorrow!
Special thank you to the San Diego Young Democrats for walking with me this Sunday in the rain!!!
No school Friday so after school tomorrow we gonna go to the mall
As a Rams fan I call it the best trade in the history of sports... ;>)
Fiesta is just around the corner and you and a friend can be fit for the party! Fit For Fiesta starts 3/19! Sign up at the Welcome Center.
u aren't gonna fly out for the event?
Where's my perfect job....?
Pounds + Ounces is in the old Viceroy space on 8th Ave scoops that it will be BLD & late night w outdoor seating
RT : Happy hour tonight is 3 pm to 5 pm....Adlers Fish Fry too!
I heard that it was patched, unfortunately
Swag sod
On to the Movie. Fridays are off day now. Surround Sound..Check! Peace Y'all. #WarmWishes. Mavs win in 6 ;-)
Sounds like it's going to be a marathon day...
hey - when going through O'Hare again - if between 4am & 3pm be sure to check with for a ride to or from!
Amazing. So want to steal that.
I #Want more #people to #Follow Me Plez haha
"People begin to become successful the minute they decide to be."
Neck is killing me
Each campaign will have a chance to review every single ballot. At any time, a given ballot can be challenged. Line up the lawyers.
Sweater VEST weather!
Sno Shirts available through www.SnoClothing.com.
I Hate Messing Up But Its Apart Of Life...
absolutely! We're so glad you're date went well!
That wasn't funny
The regenerative systems of your body operate during the exhale. Focus on a nice, slow, long exhale
such a meathead, every single thing you say has literally no value to me
Chuck never a dull moment! Love it! RT : Charles Barkley is the best. So good to the show.
its pathetic tht u get a note in ur bag saying a bunch of sh*t like omg kayla go back with chris ur a whore ... seriously grow up
thank you for following , stay tuned for super exciting design to come...
The #bloodhound is the only #animal whose evidence is admissible in a U.S. Court.
so true!
ELITE 17 fights are about to start...stay tuned for live updates from Salinas, CA!
It's about time this weekend was here.
IRS third-quarter estimated taxes are due Sept. 15th. Pay with a credit or debit card at www.payUSAtax.com.
I love you, two- grew up a Detroit fan. Old Tiger Stadium with my hard-working day who made time to go to park
Oh btw. Your money supply aka leader of Al Queda (BinLaden) is dead so give up. Go somewhere else
Every asian lady on this bus has a toddler on their lap and is taking up two seats but not actually using one of them.
Happy World Theatre Day! The universal language. May Theatre continue to bridge gaps between nations and cultures & ultimately bring peace
If you expect nothing....you won't get disappointed...lol
I sit and ponder how anyone can be a republican today, Boehner, Cantor, Walker, Rove, Bachman, MITT!? all liars, all idiots
Yes! If pubs gave up DRM, Kindle wouldn't = a closed system. Right now, the user is bound more tightly to AMZN w/ ea Kindle buy.
Morning Hongaloids!...big weekend..mainstage with NERD at Future Classic Festival ...MAYDAY AFOBETA LOCOS POR JUANA....what will I wear? ; )
this weekend has been pretty boring . . :/
gotta go -anna
No...thank you!
Omg I've never been more tired than today had to wake up at 7:00 drive all the way Northstar in morning traffic ugh stores almost done
better late than never hehe!!
Doing the Comedy Store main room show at 8:30. Come out & say hi!
Empowering kickoff #TEDMED speaker Bryan Stevenson speaking to social change: Love is the motivation. Justice is the instrument.
Just labeled dog stool samples for trip to vet.
We have the Signature Sympathy Flower Collection~ You won't find our arrangements through any other website or flower shop. Need help...
Good luck! RT : Volleyball Tourney in Richmond all weekend - ODR BID - Go Beach Elite!!
I'm Ron fucking Swanson
one author mentioned this, I didn't catch the name. associated with EAA?
I wish would notice me.....
ON MACK & BEWICK
thank you for your kind words! Do you have a favorite food or movie that comes from #Israel?
i think we need a field trip to good old texas! seems to be a fashionable state!
Brushing Your Pet's Teeth
so ready! Spring Formal 2012 get ready for us! ;)
Guess who will watch you run on Friday.
it is
look it was unusual for you to go ballistic when Kc 3-14. Gone 11-6 since. My point now same as then is its a long season but
Home for the weekend. Top Gear marathon on Netflix time!
Thank you, Meg! And Happy Mother's Day to you, too.
I don't think you've heard his new stuff & saw his new video yet. lol :) check him out. He's going to make it
No but you can give him MVP
We are still taking applications for the Fremont Festival of Lights! DM us for more information.
yaaaaaaaay!(: now, tell me how Niall might follow you!(:
And it's outta my room! The whole place just brightened up. =)
Today is the first day of the rest of your life. Take measures now to ensure your good health and future.
Hi Wes! Check out this article.
Thanks for the shout J!
Thank you! It was a great event and we had a lot of fun putting the punch together. See you soon!
Checking out Raphael saadiq at regency tonight. Who's going?
If I was to do that, you wouldn't even care
send me an e-mail
Ex-Sun leaders disagree about Google&#39;s use of Java
I sure did.
In your professional opinions, how would you do an ask for recent college grads?
yep, I watch it sometimes. But it somehow feels cheap, for lack of better words
“: Bro...my stomach is killin me. Ive been the bathroom for the past 30 minutes smh.” shitty booty ass lil boy
indeed. They also showed the accident at the beginning of the race too. Lots of wrecks that weekend.
on the coldest day of the year who would have thunk glad to hear
I know right!!..
Hairless is Best
#10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Turn Me On
If youre gonna be a bear, be a grizzly.
Me: "If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball". : "If you can dodge a wrench, you can CATCH a wrench". : "No.."
Had a fantastic time at the 2011 #NSCS Who's ready for Minneapolis, Minnesota next year?
#FF - doing early because afraid I will forget to tweet tomorrow :)
haha! too funny..no comment
RT Next week on #smallbizchat Eva Rosenberg shares How to get tax savvy in your small business
Thats great. havent talk to you in a minute
:-) sadly, it ended. Have u seen it yet?
Watching Iron Man feeling like a #Coolcat ... Yeahh <33
Big championchip hockey game thursday night and also last day at school pumped for this thursday!
if higher education is part of your research, check us out!
I need to hit the power ball or something so my lil girls dont need no one or nobodg
Any chance that they switched his and Yuni B's test results? I mean Yuni was definitely on something
I have a great answer to your haircut dilemma...come and see me at www.hairinthecity.me. I promise you won't be disappointed
Anyone else have #prom today?
Don't forget to take advantage of our special this week- buy 4 boxes of UV verified wristbands at get a #FREE blacklight!...
#itscrazyhow how i tried to do everything to see you smile but i got nothing
Tomorrow on #NashvilleNights: ! Don't miss it! 7pm on TV, 7pm Eastern online!
It's a Persichetti tuba solo. I mean, come on now.
Join us at CVS, 402 Gray Street (downtown location) FREE shredding, Customer Appreciation Day, Saturday, March 10 from 9-12 (4box max)
what?! Why would they ever do that. So stupid.
You'll have close to 80,000 thoughts going through your head TODAY & every day too much for just you ?
is it an app or setting?
you never know which will be the one :)
Hnnnnng. Those notes.
How do you like splashcube?
Never look back at your past :) ,
Got em! Coming over!
Theres always a little truth behind every 'just kidding' a little emotion behind every 'I dont care,' a little pain behind every 'Its okay
thanks Joe!!!
Thank you
I walked past the Sue Ellen Mischke of Milwaukee this afternoon on my way to the lakefront.
what kind of music do you do??
I thought the Minaj performance was the worse last night What was that?
when i knock on the door and my dad says "what do you need?" then "i'm just taking it easy." it makes me think he's watching porn. eew.
Please.... nothing but love for You know his music is my favorite.
Jeff: It's Rene from BFUU. Hope ur panel in Hayward on Sunday went well! Do happy to know you and your family, Jeff!
RT : Cookie Monster: Today me feeling blue. Oh, wait: me look in mirror. Me actually blue. Me know what can cure this: COOKIE.
Dreary weather exacerbating my crummy mood. Sleep deprivation, parenting challenges, and looming workload are weighing me down. Naptime?
Thank you! I was nervous if the yellow would work.
Can't believe what's happening
Creating a Corporate Social Media PR strategy - Many companies don't know how to response to negative comments in their Social Media posts
I tried the new LATimes app this morning (paper paper not delivered) and like it. Improvement over previous version.
... That's a long while from now.
Thanks for coming!
Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily life is but a dream!
Never seen Love's shot this off. His back hurting him.
i'll be back for this weekend but most likely have to be back down here by monday. for real though come down on wednesday!
good luck!!!
He is risen
My mama just gets it.
Mobile law publishing made easy
Don't you hate it when you feel guilty about yourself because you weren't there for that special person and now there gone?
someone needs help with entertainment in Atl I referred you
ill catch a horse and buggy from cincinnati to watch the game wit you
-- neat, but again if I have ruled out say Scala on the server, I'll almost certainly rule out ML in browser.
omg! That does look good!
It is making the decision to CHOOSE your thoughts. This new thought will lead to productive action.
Just finished 1st Spiderman the movie with the kids & they wondered why there wasn't any singing in it like they saw on Broadway last week.
Think before you act and then act decisevely.Fortune favors the brave.
Ah, Louisiana Tech leaves the WAC, but New Mexico St. could join the Sun Belt to replace Denver. Gotta keep absurdly long commutes in place.
Glad you had a good time. Wish I could have been there.
Everybody is out... not me...
SUPREME BEATS!!!!!!!
I'm sorry... Do you wanna talk about it?
Just watching tv, you? :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there, especially Gator moms!
Many thanks to you, really appreciate all of you coming.
Told u that u wouldn't die always positive big bear
: RT : .RT : Ray Allen said he's a go tonight
that's great and no problem(:
and with only weak beer to liven things up. :)
Oh man I can't believe im missing This Year!!! Its one of my favorite weeks in NYC!
what's ?
The Omega Drive arc was cool, but the whole "Maltese Falcon" plot was a transparent device to bring Spidey, DD and Frank together.
agree that was huge Dust!
Great meeting you and hanging out.See you guys this summer. Take care
so glad to hear directly that is A-OK in Tucson. So terribly sad.
haha dig that!
$1 Drafts at Ramada Tiki Bar all weekend long!
RT : Home builders and lenders gather to discuss when a recovery may materialize and the challenges that could bring:...
You wants us to pick a fav? Eastern States, The Stanley and the Myrtles.
Yes, but in the same way you clap for athletes who leave field on a stretcher.
WORLDS easier.
On at 6:30 talking Romney/Liberty U RT : Tonight on the show we welcome Clarence Page, and
Thank you Calvin Johnson, won't be drafting you in
At egyptian doing work. Stop by.
My ex wanna work it out, bitch, try yoga !
RT : RT : "Hard work is relative to what you are accustomed to."
Ran around TLT in Austin this morning...great way to start the weekend.
RT : anyone know how to set up a blackberry? ^NB I do. :) what part are you stuck on?
Is anyone going to play that audio file for The Dark Knight Rises backwards? Paul is dead? Whaaa?!
Interesting: Apple's iTunes U looks like it's taking on Blackboard of all things. Here, here.
starting to think my addiction to sushi at lunch is on the serious side.
you better hope it grows back fast by Feb. Hey I heard your doing the video Sunday. I'll prob pick u up Saturday 2 get ur tiara
We wanna use the Red camera! Any takers in the Austin area? We'll give you free pizza ;D
What are your memories from Groundhog Day 2011? I couldn't get out of my garage and had to walk a 1/2 mile in the snow to my ride to work.
fLako!! Do it up
Fuck the mile is today, fuck!!
In a data 2.0 world we can now leverage multiple data points in tandem to help inform decisions around content and advertising.
Lol! Those last four words instantly raise my blood pressure!... That I don't know, I'd love to see it too!
Also, I wonder if John Elway ever thought twice about refusing to play for the Colts--just like Eli with Chargers?
Two Peas in a Podcast.
no, that's Taylor. He's on the floor now.
she's a part time smil- HOW'D YOU KNOW. STALKER.
Holy shiiiiit a #Banksy2012 viral video would be amazing. Genius.
I ALWAYS seem to send people what i try to tweet ! lmao grr
Hello! I'm enjoying your tweets!
Found out yesterday we've had a Popeye's chicken in Sparks for over a month! How could no one have told me this?!
google me...
umm everyone look in my photos LMFAO AH IM CRAZY.
yes us too! Have to do it again soon...
Just read something about Tyler Perry flaming? Again... What's the story???
Tonight is the Assistant Director's retirement party. No one is attending in order to actually say goodbye, more like "good riddance".
It's already done. It's finished. I
RT : Moms: Take the time to renew your spirit and get inspired so that you can parent from your best.
Srsly, you're going to wanna stay up LATE tonight to get in on the fun.
Some people just fail at the game draw something...
just kidding only have been trying to get your attention for over a year BUT STILL i've failed
VERY awesome BMX session today- except that my knees are literally humming...dogs are barking at my knees...my knees hurt is the main point
jesus that was funny. Tomorrow should be very fun, I missed everybody
I'm super into product! Last time I had one it was fiery red and I used sparkle gel every day. I was in high school.
The habit of common and continuous speech is a symptom of mental deficiency.
Another packed day in the library - 3 classes ; TC full ; all the tables overflowing with kids - whoohooo!
my favorite would have to be woe
raising hell whoa fuck yeah lol :-)
Food portions get bigger n bigger n cheaper! Ppl cant jst have 1 slice of pizza,they gotta layer 3 on it! n stuff it with sumthin
Everything we do directly reflects 1 core belief: it's ALL about JESUS. He's our Champion/MVP, CEO & Leading Man! He's ENOUGH!
Eric! How's it going? Follow me and you might as well follow my band here :] Have a good week!
Pacers blow a beautiful opportunity to steal a game in Miami. Danny Granger should be a really fun interview. Heat take game 1 95-86.
perfect example! Thanks for the tip, will definitely feature this and add it to the station!
sounds like AWESOME British Library moment to me.
Jude the Obscurer
SAVE on select ARTOGRAPH products! Special Rebates Available UNTIL 12/20/2009 with Mail-In-Rebate - VISIT www.artograph.com/rebate TODAY!
(2 of 4) Does she come back smiling?
They always catch an attitude when I ask for no salt on my fries, bc they know they have to make fresh fries for me.
Too bad Auburn couldn't fit Russel Wilson under the salary cap, already another TD.
RT We can forgive a child whose afraid of the dark. The real tragedy of life is when ppl r afraid of the light. - Plato
Celebratory "welcome home meal" with and at the best noodle bar in NYC.
And yes I ment to spell (SHAT)! 
it's a safe bet that Obama's so called 'health care' plan is not in favor of the nation's health
Lol RT“: Rest is over dreams and destiny lay in front of us ninja focus is needed brennon voice step brothers. Lol let'sgetit
hey I need to ask you something can you dm me your email when you get a chance?
Limobuses.com has rental low prices To Ontario Speedway In our team PB Party Bus transportation. Call to Day 619.225.8466
its fine !
Just crashed my FATHER's car ... whoopies ...
feeling particularly bitchy this morning... maybe that's because i woke up thinking it was friday!
you never invite me to do anything! you're a mean ginger!
don't worry I won't wear them in public. I'm actually gonna try to care for the next 9 weeks.
RT : I'll be there. Team's ramping up for #SxSW and to come back to Seattle pulling triggers. Excited to network...
behind you all the way. You're my inspiration for success, CJ! ~Kristi “: Today is a new day. Take a step forward :D”
hey, I saw u went to the monsterball April 16th, I went that day too, did u fly down to Fl?
pay for my travel expenses!
Best run in NFL playoff history. Prove me wrong.
RT : In fairness you guys, Ted Nugent plans on using Obama for food, not just for sport. <= i shouldn't laugh but ..
Ok so everyone give me their favorite Dick Lit book.
I'm not giving up till I get piton the train
I wanna give a shout out to !!!!!!
Where did you hear that?
Dance > Everything <3
kk I hate them. Badly. Mostly 'cause I hate Aiji. Aiji's a fucking dick. A FUCKING ASSHOLE THAT CAN GO BURN IN FUCKING HELL.
Why were there a bunch of girls putting up the gang sign? I'm so confused but I love it!
You make a fine corpse
Ciao belli, we are open and inspired by our great sandwich.stop by and grab a Puccia grub!!!
Cool. I'll have to check it out.
My fav entrepreneurs
Great meeting you! #WINsconsin MT Great time organizing academy last wknd. Great meeting &
"All you broken hearts. All you dejected dreams, just let yourself be free, because even broken wings can fly away."
it seems to take a long time for we, as a nation, to be embarrassed. Some men still have cell phones clipped to their belt.
you should start singing with the KVU Brody!
Edgerank sucks. Just saying...
D Collins
Stake and shake is the greasiest shit ever!....but it was good 😊
let me know what you think!
#NeverShouldYouEver walk out of the house with dirty shoes.
hit the lights
7am & my dad's already asking my brother if he wants pro help tweaking his curve ball & such. #baseballislife even for a grl
Awww...we're losing Astrobiology next year? But that was one of my favorite journal titles that I didn't even know we had!
Thanks for the #ff!
agree MT "New Black Panthers" aren't exactly making things better. A "bounty" on Zimmerman? Didn't this start with vigilantism?
check out the tweet that I just RT... he is hilarious
I'm doing amazing <3 thanks for asking (:
I think I half what ur looking for
RT : Because he's worth it.
You can get it at Cheer Up Charlies, East Side Showroom, Alamo Drafthouse, Haddington's, and more...
With all the buzz surrounding the #MegaMillions, have you ever won anything?
DON'T GO IN THE HOUSE (1980) -- So much sympathy for an evil psycho it hurts. The most depressing horror to feature a disco makeover scene.
It's gametime!! Let's make it a 10 game streak!!
I look like a bum
Why so early?
The hours that make us happy make us wise. -John Mansfield
No thank YOU! Congrats again! RT“: Thanks to all our Supporters and we couldn't have done it without New Orleans!”
Putting an all points bulletin out for Daniel Snyder's brain....dude has officially lost it.
#Houston students at Prairie View A&M can #text PVAMU to 90210 for #mobile alerts on events & #special offers from University Services
Psh, I'm learning ;) and James lets make babies. 💗💏🚼
IT IS FINISHED. Done with classes for my freshman year. #naptime hopefully to make me feel better 😷
I'll keep checking your site for NY dates or of course if/ when I'm out in L.A. so feel free to harass me to buy tix :)
If you say you're cooler than me... Doesn't that make me hotter than you?
That wasn't very smart
I'd rather he did.
Nope. That's a DC flick. I like Watchmen though!
Happy Easter to you and your family!
RT Time to get this HW done... Grad school sucks//it'll pay off one day boo!!
RT - I'm just trying not to be so judgemental. I'm wearing a Miami Dolphins hat and listening to Dubstep. This feels lik...
Thank you to all who are new to following me and those who continue!
who the fuck is anyway?
It's "Inspire Your Heart with the Arts Day!" Stop by the library to grab a book, movie, or music and check out Barry Singer's artwork.
Just saw you on MLB Network with camera talking to Adams. Back of your head has gone national!
Well he sucks at The Free Throw Line lol. Both The Heat and Pacers missed so many FT shots
Alarm? What alarm?
my niece just listed me as her aunt on fb, and suddenly I'm feeling like I'm 20 y.o. older *koprol*.
TGIF and #FF to all these wonderful peeps:
Checking SC, Augusta, Tenn, Atlanta, Alabama.... We do Passion Parties for YOU too! Ask Me HOW!
Some people's kids....
Q to the twitterverse...is there a platform like Goodreads, but for movies instead of books?
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
what time is it? time to get fucked up
Hm.... Mango martinis are tricky..... They get you at the end. Lol
Our ministry is blessed by wonderful donors. Today we received a widow's "mite". Imagine what God will do with her gift! Rejoicing!
That would explain the mysterious DM I got from you this morning.
no thank you
this is horrible can people treat others the way they would like to be treated
Jeannie Brooks is one of my musical heroines. Allentown Symphony Hall was an abso killer gig! Ppl were shouting during the tunes. Yea!
#Huguely in apology letter to Love found after her death.."Alcohol is ruining my life"
quit being a stereotypical UL fan. Anyone in their right mine, me included, would love to be on KSTV. Barkley wears sweats. Stop.
"shaking like a dog shitting razor blades" - Alkaline Trio
It's a deal. If I can get through that damn fence between Heinz and Gates, that is.
we love good day new York!! :) help support a new small business in nyc financial district
That's good!
Great Talk! MT : Great turnout for Copyright 201: Author’s Rights, Licensing, & Scholarly Communications talk by Madelyn Wessel.
new motto. one life is not enough to be scared to say or do something.
Welcome, lady!
I'm in LA, so I've been there once or twice. Seems very suburban. End of my knowledge on the subject. :)
merci! Wait I look like a French teacher??
Merry Christmas eve!
Line out the door luckily we scored seats!
You Do Like Tweet Why Not?
wondering how long you cried that night. Looks like you were holding back. Great show!
LMAO!!! Eateuk is the only Suju member no one else know about >:D
The weird part of your body that you wanna get pierced but don't even know what it's called.. lol smh
says that "we cannot deregulate at the expense of our most vulnerable.
Hope u didn't burn anything dancin round ur kitchen! ;) RT : Preparing dinner with the fam and listening to Robyn.
Baby everything tht i have is yours, you will never go cold or hungry, i'll b ther when your insecure, let you kno tht your always lovely<3
I love it when my booty clap ;)
Haha. Ask your followers to follow meh:)
My bed is so nice right now
Your best tweet ever.
I need a new photo shoot though
Just made my mom breakfast! Im such a good son haha. Happy Mothers Day mom. :)
Merry Christmas Pittsburgh!
Im super weird......
Any convenience store that requires the customer to wear pants isn't convenient at all.
your welcome.
What? A hungry girl has to eat. Don't judge me! Lol!
I'm in so much pain
MT Flanagan NAICU: We need 2 think long term; look at poverty rates, k-12 pipeline; & think about knowledge economy.
I just saw your tweet and kissed my phone.
That's Caron Butler's handle, such a class act. RT : Much respect to Memphis and there fans
I saw Elle at the Chateau Marmont in Hollywood in December. She's lovely!
finally finished this essay
Antiques and Art Appraisal Luncheon back in Medford - Medford Sun
Thanks to for having your office party at Scotland Yard Pub. Love hosting you and hope to see you soon. #M&Tbank
Dreamt that Barack Obama gave me his half-eaten lunch. An all I could think about was tweeting, "I ate the president's lunch - literally!"
RT : And wtf would we do in Texas that we can't do in DC?<< or Cali lol
It is too early.
Happy Thursday...aka Happy Beer Day (OK, that's just in Iceland & we're in the US, but the only US holiday today is National Pig Day)
striaght hip hop
it was like that for NYC yesterday
Looking forward to the new year and all the positive things to come!!
SO early to be at school!
#Heavenknows I just got a good laugh in from a text that someone just sent.
At Red Robin getting my free bday burger and the bonzai is pretty delish
HEY SHOULD ME AND MAKE A MUSIC VIDEO OR DANCE VIDEO TO #SaySomethin???(: RT for dance favorite for music(:
: Terrific performance! Enjoyed the play. (Except for crying baby 2 rows in front of me-Who takes a baby to theatre?)
RT : Each n everyday...productivity is a must!! I gotta make sum'n shake
looking for votes on direction of market monday???
You are really having a Tebow orgasm right now.
Stop in THE CUT and get a official hair cut.......taper,mohawk,design....well have you looking fly
I did last night :)
“There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.”
The new #Fridays #menu is almost here! Which #dessert will you order first, the #IceCream Strawberry Shortcake or the Salted #Caramel Cake?
Conflict in Park Plans Brooklyn Bridge Park, which opened its first phase in 2010, is scheduled to open a new pier and a footbridge betwe
I don't know why #Aladdin is trending, but it's one of my favorite Disney movies!
I don't think you realize what you mean to me, not the slightest clue.
Softball game at 8 at Penn Hills Park! Talk time with and ??
Failing at Mario Cart ethic daddy (:
Like an hour or do. Where do you live?
We're #soexcited too!! RT : they're building a naked pizza in Lincoln park in Chicago!!!!
how much is cody's ep?! i wanna buy it saturday so i can meet him..
There are few things I hate more than single girls with wedding boards on Pinterest.
#16-Charles Woodson-CB-Green Bay Packers
Is it over yet?
I would also settle for fries or possibly a baked potato.
Again, I model my life after the three C's: Canadian Club and Copenhagen.
HIS VOICE!!!
fuck it gonna get tatted up
Barriers to making stuff? "What do librarians do? What is our role in the community?" #libmade ENGAGE ENGAGE ENGAGE your staff/community!
Cute goodmorning texts >>>>
i dont like school
If WISCONSIN was like this every March then I wouldnt think about moving SOUTH!
Holy Shit Barbara Walters arms are long
haha how sweet
Shane Vereen is a great value pick in the middle of the first round of rookie drafts
What you call dog with no legs?
Good to see you all on #twitter!
Not ready to go back to school tmro
omg i would absolutely buy some. so delicious.
There goes that bottle of wine
Silveira pledges to continue strengthening our schools and support ALL students.
I CANT BUY MY TICKET? DID VIPNATION CRASH
Really miss my cat Simba. It breaks my heart everyday that I don't have him with me. :(
I need to think of some really clever tweets for
You do realize the mini giraffe was a hoax right?
why you say that?
Braves win.
