you like nicki minaj and mac miller oh ya and wiz khalifa now proceed to tell me what good music it is
Just booked my flight to visit daughter, son-in-law & granddaughter at Ft Wainwright, AK soon. It's been a year and I'm so excited!
Serving mailman realness today, tbh.
RT : You could have the best game in the world but you cant play this #Scorpio bitch
yeah and I have to make 3 more cakes -_-
WHAT A DAY ..... GOING HOME... READY FOR A NAP
why you hate kobe
: 34 until we soar!
I'm still in Hawaii, but email me and we can set something up when I get back.
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!!!
everyone should learn about the wellness industry and how to transform from the pharmaceutical industry and get off of drugs
Tossing my Cloak of Quiet on every obnoxiously loud 2am drunk, motorcycle, hot rod muffler, rap song, train whistle and barking dog.
#SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf you don't take HER serious!
Too bad you can't bring them
I heard that poor got stuck out overnight. Sorry bud. Hope its nice and warm in the truck.
Day 1 at NYCDA was amazing!! Brought home some great awards. 3rd overall Ryan solo and 5th overall Ryan and Kelsey duet. Off to Day 2.. Work
SF entrepreneurs - come by open house tonight to meet Sam Yagan & talk startups cc
"No deaf for a day if no deaf for an hour"
love that you're coming back to TV...miss your show on Travel Channel!!!
please follow me! u are amazing i won't ever forget about u<3
There's no one to understand if everyone's dead.
Okay, I'm done ranting! Lmfao!
needs to see her bifflr cause he needs her.
whats good twitter
Hearing my lil cousin talkin bout n my 13 yr ole cousin said he is more of a fan.
Work today :-/
It would be awesome if you joined us , , ! We're also at each Tues & Wen, starting May 1 & 2.
You too!
We All Love When The Crew Is Together Because We Get To See All Of Our Secret Future Husband's Together <3 -Brooke
In reply to my obsessed reclusive nature of producing art my grandmother warns me that time creeps up on you quickly. Time and Zombies I say
Thank you God for your grace and mercy
Come out and see us at Crosspoint Venue in Lynchburg, Va this Friday!! #stoked RT! RT!
Jason, nothing but love and respect for you based on the encounters we've had. You're one of the good guys.
we all try! Thanks JR!
Hoe: "i just got a lot of guys friends".... Me: Nah bitch you a hoe.
Today's High Brour podcast? Tribute to Destiny's Child (re: singing Independent Woman for a half hour)
yessir. We will
5 pm on Friday! As much as I love my work, I must focus on family, dinner, and all that's planned for the weekend! Life is good!
Lebron is an oversized PG....idk why people think he's taking he last shot lol
awwwuh! you're so sweet!! That means a lot! and so are you! :)
I want OKC to win it all.
Thanks fr the #FF Chelsea!! <3
I'm being waterboarded by my own snot. delicious, right? fucking sinus drainage. bleeaaghh.
aye that song is soo hard.
This season is so good
finals comin up next week. good luck students!
#lsu the hat is living a charmed life. Lsu did not deserve to win
"Duck" Dunn, you will be missed. Thia man laid down a groove a mile wide!
I get to sleep in tomorrow :3
How did everyone enjoy their long weekend?
Looking forward to bowling with our friends at Business Bank of St. Louis at the Moolah tonite! #BeThere for fun and bowling!
Do you have your tickets yet? Opening day is just around the corner for #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition. Get them here:...
Today is National Wear Red Day, I'm not participating.
you're gorgeous! I would ship you with Zayn!(;
thanks for favoriting my blog post Barb!
nice seeing you today
Ahaa thank you :D
“: Oh hey, , that was probably the funniest thing of my life. #priceless”..OMG hahaha
YOU GUYS BETTER BE COMING TONIGHT!!!
It's fascinating how a paradigm shift like "No Food = No Need for Toothpicks" can really change the way you look at the world.
Nothing like pointing people to your post about Bullying affecting your family including your daughter to lose a crowd!!!
Relationships are like breathing air, it goes in and comes right back out.
(As for being grounded -- serves me right for spending all of my sailing time last yr singlehand racing instead of going for my jib rating)
your like Kumars big sister (:
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool im gonna tell everyone how much i fuckin hate them and that next year i hope most of them drop out
Mike Brown's goin' to Sizzler! Mike Brown's goin' to Sizzler!
At Texas Roadhouse with my Wonder Twin.
I can not stress enough how much music plays a part in my life. I would not want to meet the Justin that had to go through life without it.
omnomnom indeed! Yum!
you may want to know that Scott Walker, WI Governor, is using Small Town as his intro music...
My body hates me and I didn't even drink last night. Driving to Hilton Head is torture.
Delicious Seattle secret. Go to Jolly Rogers in Ballard & get an oyster sandwich. Use the hot sauce. Thank me later.
But I would not downplay Shannon's thesis: Google inherits the idea that information is more important than meaning
RT : Full band at Club Cafe tonight. 7:00 start. After show we all go to Jack's for end of Pens game. Who's in?
Firehouse tonight! If I don't see you there, we are no longer friends! UFC kicks off tomorrow along with all your PAC10 games! FIREHOUSE!
jersey shore in italy?true?
hahahahha. I heard a movie is in the making....
Shucks, I inadvertently broke my no more coffee streak.
HOLY cow me too! Last time I understood something in here, K was Potassium, not concentration :D
First ever tofu dinner. Verdict: tofu is super weird.
Popsicles, Season Finale of #Shameless then
we gotta a boobie situation up in here!!! (.)(.)
RT : Going to put in for ALA Annual funding- because this is the year of Make It Happen, after all!
I am well. Hope you are too. Just busy with a 3-year-old and a 5-month-old. Life is never dull. Take care buddy.
i DISAGREE
I just need to be told where the pre gaming events will be happening.
Diageo is scaling back marketing in S. Europe's troubled economies, and has contingency plans should the continent's debt crisis worsen.
Thanks for convos this week!
What a nice day, working on something special stay tuned!
While getting ready this morning I was listening to dancing the dance and I made to year 3000. XD
Just past billboard for diet friendly fried pork rinds. Can't wait for the new healthy happy heroin to hit the streets.
Mayor addressing outdoor feeding programs (looking at it) and how to get rid of graffiti (remove it w/in 48 hrs)
#AnybodybutUnited Lets go Man City!! take the premiership,
I get to stand in the spotters box for the mini cup races today for WSRA. Not quite as cool as your vantage point.
your hair is FABBBBBBBB
Fuk u try to play me dawg
what a game!
LMAO!! RT there are so many unhappy men at Victoria's Secret...
We have had an amazing journey and hope you'll join us
picture of the build week on our website www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Pinterest and football ... not a bad night.
Justin should have won.
girlfriEND, boyfriEND, friEND, everything has an END except for family
Watching christmas vacation with the fam
you like white cars.
The trouble with ignorance is that it picks up confidence as it goes along.
Keeping a sleep schedule, though next to impossible in this business, really makes a difference in productivity
thank you for partying! What a show tonight! “: Thank u for some quality techno tonight!!”
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!!
Silent Night,holy night...Radiant beams from thy holy face,w/ the dawn of redeeming grace. Jesus, Lord, at thy birth!~ Happy Birthday Jesus!
I think working hard for something you want is so much better than having it handed to you because you treasure that much more.
RT : Once I stop giving a fuck about you, good luck getting that back.
hahaha never scare black people , funny shit ever
r u serious? Look what I replied to originally. I made a joke. No idea re documentary. Relax for christ's sake.
Gonna get funky with it for After Lunch this afternoon from 1 - 3 pm. Got some upbeat requests?
Whoever said Twitter is not beneficial obviously don't have any business smarts! I do some of my best networking on Twitter.
Well let's get him KNOWN #HermanCain!!!!!
some of my moms french toast sounds really good right about now
Not always sure how to "know" and not just"hope".
Conor, in Czech yet? RT : Just learned that Little Princes will be translated into its 12th language - Bulgarian!
"European mess will not resolve itself until the fundamental belief that we all deserve to be taken care of from cradle-to-grave dissolves."
Bad. Right now the admin is succeeding at killing coal.
Thought Experiment: Had Selena lived, would J-Lo today be a middle-aged Bronx stripper trying to convince people she used to be a "Flygirl"?
Weird Twitter graphic for TNT. Don't even know what that Shumpert tweet means.
40+ year old man talking shit to us on the empty metro car? #classy #typical #expected?
RT Do Republicans have a problem with the fact-based guidance provided by GPS navigation systems?
hahaha! I forgot about that!
Hey, Dan, let me know when you want to check back in with Mayor He's making waves with #AEP & more
Patience is the virtue
Still dishing out W's and ass kickings!!
STOP SPAMMING ME
H2O is the way to go! One of the simplest & most important things your can do for your health is drink water. Drink up!
Holy smokes! Was that Terrell Owens against the GB Packers circa 1998 wildcard playoffs?
Solo set at the Red Vic on Friday night at 7pm (1665 Haight Street, SF, CA 94117). I'm on at about 8:30. Hope to see you there!
please please go follow it would mean so much to her! 
thank you!
Thanks! That was the original plan, but must have a G+ account to enter the hangout. Guessing more HS students already have Skype.
It's 8:30 and it's still light outside
I may stream some Diablo 3 in an hour and a half, if I have the time. This is a heads-up in case anyone is remotely interested - url later.
And sucks even more cuz I'm fucking Diabetic! Omg
Don't forget patio opens at 10am for brunch tomorrow and Sunday!
Great Night...Then i came home.
It is an honor to follow you.
Me too! Lol RT : The day I stop using hair tools to iron my clothes I'm really going to feel like an adult
thanks for the shout out!
The kill put me on my pockets last night
has 3 social networking apps running at the same time. am i a complete loser?
Rondo just might be the best point guard in the league after DRose.
Check out the custom windows we made for the "Mushroom House" in Perinton, NY.
QB's should not be charged with interception when the ball comes out of their own player's arms
Ok I actually really like Boyfriend by Justin Bieber. Go ahead and judge.
Walking in the rain <<<<<
How many of you knew that the band FUN was originally knw as the format? None of you oh ok... -___-
Your particular brand of journalism reeks like Jack Kerouac pissed all over it after a night of eating bad asparagus.
RT : The #renown150 ambulance & vintage RNs visited Pleasant Valley Elementary School as part of reading week....
Baby genes lab was quite interesting. Apparently, I have a son and a daughter with blonde hair and hazel eyes B) haha
Hey, thanks! Glad you enjoyed.
Many inMex think we shouldnt amplify gruesome stories in site,they call it narcopropaganda.Which is the right balance?
Just watched the videos up on your site for the 21 day challenge. I so love what you are doing!! Is it too late to jump in? :)
Come check us out at the organizational fair at 5pm in the UC first floor! RT RT!
I took the hard way out, fortunately.
Digger Phelps criticizes #BBN for ruining college gameday for Vandy. Umm, Vandy fans had plenty of chances to to buy tickets.
I throw my middle finger up in the sky -Cobra Starship
The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself.
we are ahead right now so shut yo' mouth!
We took the championship boy!
Great analogy by , is building cities, is building homes and is building the bedrooms.
Preparation for the tournament begins today! The 2nd season has begun & everyone is 0-0.
which is never apparently!
do you have a link to audio montage of wash quotes you use on the air?
Thanks, man. Kinda retro–but why not bring back the animated GIF now and again, right?
that's so true!!:)
She finally met a man that's gonna put her first
Thanks Beckett, I had too many sports viewing options anyway. Masters, BC, Celtics and finally my NYRangers!
8:05 WIN Country Cash & qualify for the trip to Vegas for the ACM's where U party VIP style w/Urban, Dierks & Luke Bryan!
Librarian with glowing gadget(s) in their lap in session
Eager to see 2nite's premiere of "My Big Fat American Gypsy Wedding" .. wonder if I should tweet behind the scenes insights?
It's the first day of summer! Is there any better way to spend it than this?
Just found out what #WMYB means... Smh.
Thanks to all the artists that work with us. Their great talents make this possible!
I was too! I kept thinking about how excited I was to see sequel and being disappointed
Prizes, food, great company! Why aren't you here?
No, not really lol
It's to early.. And rainy..
I find it funny how my colleagues at the STFM conference just joined Twitter and started following me.
no problem! It really made my day.
look jerk! I did good and when I went to cliftons I still didn't speak!
Tonight: 50 Cent says HAPPY HOLIDAY to the UNSIGNED ARTIST- $500 cash to hottest performance of the night! Club Pyramid, NYC. 18+, 8pm, $20
Hope everyone is having a great #longweekend!
stocked up on magnets + new photos with a lovely metallic finish from ready to make some fucking magnets! (#howdotheywork??)
Dinner next year in CHI?
U STILL DOWN?
I don't want the fat guy to die :(
Ate a whole lotta lamb, now it's waay down inside.
Whatever want my friend RT : I need more shirts. which shirt should I order?!
Hi Ken, what about your drums? Are you using 12" 13" and 16" ? Thanks
According to new update on "Today's conservative target date for the forums to come back is May 12th."
If u know y, u can overcome any how.
Bob Pearce pointing out aviation features that came from NASA: glass cockpits, winglets. Cramped seats reminiscent of Gemini
LI is so rarely logged-in to by their users, very little chance somebody will go there to search for an advisor.
Learned some valuable insights on last-min Vegas weddinging and Vegas in general, feel like we could get it truly perf next time but
Everyone please follow me on Twitter. I look forward to seeing you out on the road this summer.
Off to the move festival in albany ny!!! 1 oclock kick off baby!! #sh*tsgoindown
RT : Friends, check out one of the best guitars ive played, and one of the coolest sponsors!
Christina-Town...deadlier than Chinatown...sexier too! Jason-Town...funnier and lovier :-) yes I know everyone can read this...
That prank was almost as good as the class of 2010s....
Keep "praying" on Melo's downfall though hahahah
lol,, i haveent heard about the backsteet boys in along time
Tag March for Babies on Facebook, and have 10 friends like your status and you could win a Books & Books $25 gift certificate !
Yes! I got twitter on my Blackberry! Have an awesome day!!
Readn a book called thirst no.2! I saw brandon mychal smith yesaday bu i still love he is da best... ig2 control myself!!!!!
If I were to somehow see him tomorrow, Id no joke commit murder.
And shrink my head size too.. I'll get a half sleeve but not a full one
How far you wanting to go?
Last day at Van Cort!
I miss that show Dragon Tales, lol.
its still possible although he is apparently doing an in home visit with Shaq Thompson today
Mall with daddy. :)
at least 29 hours
No but seriously, I would give anything to be in the movie Catching fire...like my arm even....not my dominant one tho. #ughh :'(
I know. It should have been Carl and his stupid Sheriff hat. :)
thank ya sir
your ticket came in the mail yesterday. All good
I haven't really been on here in awhile haha
Wow! Colton took the show 2nite!
#TeamBlake IS GONNA WIN LETS GO BLAKE LETS GO
So many
Damn its cold in Cle!
#oar rocking 9:30 club with = HAPPY
Billy, you have great foot work, hitting the break and gas
Jason Moran was great @ penn tonight talking about his collaborations
thanks for the recommendation!
Nice line Caro! Even though it's from that stroke bag Cassius.
2 Fat Bettys, but still about 800 Drapers, Peggys, Joans, Rogers and Petes. Plenty of room for all in the Twitterverse.
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites. Come follow us!
the #brewers are taking batting practice to
Per by 2022 minority will be the majority in the workplace
Come on OUT Tonight & SAVE. most items 60% OFF, Open until 10PM!
& ,they are the king & queen of words & melody. Their songs are timeless.
#newsroom looks effing good! Way to go #hbo!
Watched replay of #SoccerNightinAmerica yesterday. crowd was amazing. Who says U.S. has no soccer spirit?
Cool at the coast, 60s & 70s with some clouds. Enjoy it cause it's going to get hot and humid inland through Friday - really hot (90s-100)!
hahaha that'd be so fucked up. Hey can you show me all your lesson plan building stuff..
Its been interesting. And hostile. Night y'all.
thanks for the RTs! We've had lots of customers asking about the tool lately
Great now I can't sleep.
When fishing today, but I didn't catch anything. Got some stronger line, and I'm gonna try again tomorrow.
Its nice out
What is the link?
windy girl!!!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me, I WON'T GIVE UP
I think selena ment you r perfect the way you r
Actually, no, I can not recommend anything but in-person PMI-ACP training
Damn it feels good to get things finished.
Something big about to happen in miami for all business venture follow dynamicsexpo twitter page for more info on vending and tickets
First Alanis Morrissette is on Happy Endings. Now on DWTS. ABC own her?
ok so my phone hasn't been sending my tweets... That sucks... oh well.. day is almost over... so is my birthday...
Hang in . Be your best regardless of others.
where else can we keep in touch? i'm feeling so... limited by just two networks.
after a long time i finally found myself ♥ nd i wouldnt change a thing.
Starting the scavenger hunt
They are #PartyRocking at Marlins Park. I'm drinking beers and
if T.G.I.F means "thank goodness it's Friday" Does S.H.I.T mean "So happy it's Tuesday"? this is funny
someone that makes sacrifices for you and loves being around you and your company! Thats my perfect mate!
Lets go Lakers!!!
10 tickets left for Friday evening. Come get 'em!
Indeed his show is enough better today than it was in '97 (when I mentally filed it under "loathe") to be worth bearing
I hear ya on that. Going to get my happy humpnight on soon!
Comparing how many nick cage movies we've seen @ my office. I'm in 4th w/ 16- need to up my game.
Yeah, yeah, the penguin got hungry, we had to go fishing. Man, polar bears are vicious!
Watching clips from
Thanks bro!
I don't need your pity, god damn it. Stop feeling bad for me. It's not like I'm dying.
I just heard a caller say the same thing. Now fans are complaing that we are getting all the calls, smh.
DAMN I'm only able to cover the Red Carpet, THAT would be #HOT!! Still can't wait.
Sparks Health System announced the promotion of Richard Boone to CFO.
Public access has become a big discussion topic in my dept. Some try to publish only open access but it's really tough going
“Recognize it, admit it, learn from it, and forget it.” - Dean Smith
Commitment leads to action. Action brings your dream closer. - Marcia Wieder
"Journey to the Mysterious Island" has to be the frontrunner for movie of the year. Best Dwayne Rock performance since "Be Cool."
Best kind of problems to have. RT : Got sand in my ears.
sorry, bud. feel better.
At this point this #padres team is just comical
What is Red White and Blue has 22 legs, 11 heads and 2 arms? A nightmarish monster for the rest of the world.
Lol because its gettin old to me.... time for a change
Delts will be destroyed! With that being said, live long and prosper. Peace!
No! “: The Panthers take Luke Kuechly with the No. 9 pick.”
Life's greatest treasures are not gold, nor jewels, nor works of art. They can not be held in your hands, they are held within your heart.
Thanks for sharing!
Where shady at ? Yall on here
Who gets the first Ring? King Henrik or King James?
Decision time.....most of us know there are things we need to change. Why are you waiting? Onward & Upward!
*ATTENTION!!!* My phone keeps buzzing because is being silly & keeps tweeting *buzz*. The teacher is dogging me tweeting lol.
I'm at the ssisd attmination office?.-.
arielleford Thanks for following...
"RSS feeds are NOT sexy!"-
I will never be too old for Disney.
of course and enjoy some great
Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it! - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Wanted to reach out. Angelo and I sang at Merge a few years back...just want to let you know I am releasing my 1st solo CD...
*walks to piano*
thank god i have no dick.. You Chode head
Tip Of The Week:When going through airport customs and you are asked "do you have any firearms with you?" do not reply "what do you need?
I'm
“: Dats wats up only been dea once!”where u from
Welcome aboard Becky! RT Welcome Becky Kolar to the Search Marketing team Team Honey Badger is growing!”
I took some sense and made a nickel of it ... -AG
Truth is so hard to tell, it sometimes needs fiction to make it plausible. - Francis Bacon
Shout out to the wife in Boston 2day College and preaching 2morrow Baptist Church, Boston
I share my 42nd birthday with President Obama & First Lady Michelle Obama! Happy 19th Wedding Anniversary & many more!!
“ But I aint no sore loser I'm a just shake dat off nd put it behind me”
....ah yes, the game
Nice #banjo work! Sounds great!
Oh God! It is freezing out here!
Bitch I got you those pictures n I can delete them to soo remeber that
Hey sumi. Do you have some magical connection to get the D3 collectors edition? Freaking site canceled bf's preorder.
Already thinking about how uncomfortable these wedges I'm wearing to work today are gonna be
haha where i live its so boring!
get ready for a whole lot of fangirling, yelling, and singing tonight :)
Roughly 1.5 months of class left, thank God
Got big plans for this year for every part of my life. Getting back to the grind tomorrow.
Is there anyone on the planet who more people would like to punch square on their dimpled chin than Tom Brady?
I just booked a Nickelodeon commercial! God is always on time!!
. Working to give kids the time they need to succeed!
Tomorrow in the conference room, will also be selling Senior class shirts and Homecoming shirts. Stop by and purchase!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Wild as the dead rising.
A lean marketing revolution - is still #10 in Germany, #13 in Australia, # 1 in Italy, # 25 in USA. Thank you to all who read LMR -
Gave my mommy a gift card so she could download more books to her Nook and what does she want me to download for her? 50 Shades of Grey
Kudos to Ron & team I described friend & asked: who would be his fav driver. They said def. Dale Earnhardt, Jr. (& were right!)
With succession going to son Kim Jong Un, are those fabulous sunglasses part of the deal?
nothing yet
SEAS Boasts Advising Based On Classwork, Cake, and Nerdy Camaraderie - Harvard Crimson
Thanks for the shout out, Ennis! Hope to read more from you soon and maybe see you around the CB office
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!116
Ebanks learned a lot from Bynum, World Peace and Barnes
srsly howsit not gettin more attention? seems like a good time for Zero Cool to step in
Happy Birthday :) <3 Love ya
Hit Like if you're on track to hit your water goal today!
more cigarettes. then pizza rolls.
David Mitchell is such a winner at playing a creepy loser in The Peep Show.
West Vi vocational school was shut down after traces of meth were found in the building during investigation of principal and teacher.
Falling off is easy! Grinding back to tha top is hard ball.
Nice Try! But an E-2C Hawkeye is not a jet. And you do not have the documents, but you tried, so good on you!
I wish my face would like Lancome =( Its used 2 Estee Lauder but I need to use up all these Lancome products I have and my face dont like it
With CS6, Adobe tidies up Premiere Pro, speeds up After Effects: Upcoming CS6 versions of Adobe's flagship video software change sign...
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow. ~ Philip Gulley
Was looking through your Pinterest boards, Love, love, love them. So many interesting things! (media board was 1 of my faves)
Make sure to remind him about this when you're old and incontinent.
no im not call me i just dont be on twitter much
umm i think that Tyler W. Said something about going to your house
Wrk is going swell if u ask me # 4 day week for me
I need a fuckin job 😁
oh because that happened to me 2 ...:(
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day in the neighborhood.... Would you be mine....
K-state, I don't always root for you, but when I do, it's against Texas schools. Beat Baylor for crying out loud!
#10FactsAboutMe I am getting married soon. (yay!)
... used by some here in Ed. (PK12) where students pay to use it & interface = very clunky. Assessments/Eval = TBD. No unzip=bo
that was one time! haha. and awww, la ju too. also, sexy new profile pic. sexxaaayyyyyy!
— this week's Mad Men/Community crossover. Ah, Chinese checkers!
We're surprised BMED isn't on there too.
will carry this team to the promise land
Beautiful quote
thank YOU! I run own software company now but 27 yrs ago was playing Ultima IV on my Apple ][ and teaching myself 6502 asm
does anyone out there besides me believe in soulmates?
": #SomethingYouShouldKnow Dont call me a Hoe cause i rejected you or i told you off."
Don't let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.
don't. Ever. Leave. The. Airport. Wtf..... Stuck on the Tarmac for four hours now.
She's the fucking best
you say to never say never, so I'm NEVER,EVER,EVER, gonna stop trying to get you to follow me <3
Baseball is here, finally.
Spice up those Spring bathing suits with a golden, sun-kissed glow! Call us to find out about tanning packages!
The voluptuous horror of Karen Black?
mr munch is a badass. Case closed.
awwwweeeeee! they are adoreable! and they really do grow up really fast! ;) hahahaha. oh! and I made up with Jake...
I THINK I CAN!
Hi Lars -- great to connect with you!
Waiting for the #rtw vote in the Indy statehouse w
Well I'm a fan of the sport and individual players above all else. Devils-Flyers should be great. Hoping for some drama!
cup predictions please. hoping for the Bruins but I think they are a big dog. not sure they can they get it done
#BitchesBeCrazy ": Did this bitch really just say "I don't read books" then pop a cheeto in her fat ass mouth?! Smdh #damnshame"
": It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult"
the side gather is really cute, but there is something about the sleeves/neckline I'm not sure about.
lost you in the crowd after the show. You had me dying in the back! Great to meet you, enjoy your Sundays!
#sdmayornp Dumanis % is ok. Filner bigger % says DeMaio just gave tax $ to private business & corps. Art s/b public.
Shout out to
instagram name ~ horangang ~ such a G name nobody but me could make it have so much swag LOL JK
Ugh. Try to forget about it. The nasty is, unfortunately, what lingers most. He deserves not a whit more of your attn.
put your hands through my hair & kiss me like you mean it.
I'm sure it will be. Their match in PWG was awesome.
I have two chargers, though, and neither works.
yes I heard it starts up sometimes...
I agree!! RT Rodriguez needs to get plunked next time up.
What do you think I am, my former self's pimp?
Wassup tweet matez follow rite now for the new mixtape exclusive mixtape letz get to 7OOk we can do it
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! THANKS!! YOUR AMAZING <3 UR MUSIC!!!
I hate the term, but he is the epitome of "steeler football".
really? i didnt know?! sneaker heads make me richer lol :)
Good morning and happy Monday! Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Bored out of my mind i cant wait till my only #1 come home
I took a leap and filled out the 2012 singles survey. I need some marketing ;)
This is crucial. I always find myself eating alone nowadays.
hey.... ive got to shoe you this kid....on youtube. XP
The only reason why you got her cause I dropped her ass, you the only dumbass still around or she be in my bed everynight lol
I dont know about everyone else but i sure think that #18 jersey would look good in blue and orange
Would like to thank all of our Music Educator friends in New York for visiting this past weekend at NYSMA, it was great to see you again.
very true
In teenager "Shhh the baby's sleeping" translates to "Be as loud as possible so mom can kill us"
Localization or Globalization? You need to globalize your company, but localize your products.
In other news, I think I need about 3 pots of coffee to wake the hell up. Does anyone (besides the abomination that is Starbucks) deliver?
Rice GSA team is participating in Relay For Life with the Texas Medical Center to raise money for the American Cancer Society.
Let's go CU Buffs!
I love that white chicks think they're the shit just cus they can rap a nicki minaj verse. Lol no.
aww thx. I will hit the printing presses
Great addition to your profile. You are really good at the Easel!
That was HILARIOUS.
a little girl named Kadie is very sick, she may not be able to meet you, but she'd love to hear from you!!
and ... thanks for visiting our place!!
i love you and guess what ?!
I do NOT recommend Mi Cocina in The Woodlands!
I wonder why I'm tired...
Only by 3 years :3, but Idk, just my nature is it, part of it is probably due to my not model looks :3
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe not to fuck with fake ass bitches
When guys are too scared to ask you out.(:
yay! it's snowing!
hurt my ankle. Yus, reason to not go to school tomorrow.
Laundry? Emergency tampon & pad run in the middle of the night, ftw.
about to go to jiu jitsu class. can't wait.
don't worry about it. You have the grammar Nazi to help you
excited to have you on the program. Helping us make a bigger impact!
If We Dare to Dream is captivating! delivers an emotional roller coaster ride of love, anger, guilt & suspense. Addictive!
That sounds more like a lyric...
Stick with 'em. If Peyton is healthy they'll be great ... Buh-bye, Broncos. If you don't have Timmy, you have nothing to offer me.
“No bailouts, no handouts, and no copouts”
I ain't in this to play no dam games
Tyler Fernandez was arrested early this morning and is suspected in a rash of residential burglaries on Green Bay's west side, police say
#dhtrial jury women openly laughing in the hall. Pacing with more relaxed energy.
Just scored a second-hand copy of 'A Naked Singularity' by Sergio De Pava. Getting scarce, but to be reissued in May by
Sorry for the delayed response. Ideally we are looking for local folks but are open to anyone who would relo themselves
BUT monday is my night to get drunk w/ my workshop. it is the entire point of grad school! i'll go next year...
... People buying their forensic certifications online from fake colleges, etc. Scary shit.
Hope you have fun =)
Just had an extremely positive airline customer service experience. I feel terrified. WHAT WICKED ENDS DO YOU HAVE, KIND HELPFUL PERSON?!?!
A Greek Bank Rush? Show'em Jimmy Stewart in It's a Wonderful Life (or are we already at Belushi in Animal House?).
I did straight
Just worked a 5 to 2 . Thanks for ruining my day Mcdonalds😔
I'm a life-long pacifist, hate that we send people to fight, but Medal of Honor recipient Sal Giunta's story on 60 Minutes was moving.
Rhymed. :O
no what does it say?:O
thanks so much, amy! We know you will love artic questions :-)
I know! It's strange that he seemed surprised an English teacher made the flipped classroom work.
nice!!!! Congrats!
I'll bet you feel like you just ate a cookie after that. ;)
I hate when people barely say shit to you in person then wanna text you later tryna conversate..
Students sharing the Gospel today are this generation's church, not the next generation's church.
Biggs, what kind of acting training did you have before you got into movies?
IF ONLY MY STUPID COUSIN WOULD STFU
do you think I could beat Gutz with his comic book/misc comic stuff collection?
“: Is there a way that I can set the vacation responder on my email to a fart noise?” Have you tried to attach a .wav file?
Happiness is not to always do what you want, and to always want what you do.
no u better!!
Tip to reduce weight: Turn your head to the left and then turn it to the right. Repeat exercise when offered something to eat.
Thank you so much!♥ :]
Batman is the King of Bats! Ask the Joker.
Just arrived by bike at Canal St Coffee for a sunny afternoon of al fresco work on the patio by the ship canal.
Mary Payne has joined Reed Smith's Washington, D.C. office's securities regulatory group. Ms. Payne left Sutherland Asbill.
Does size matter?
actually that's a good point… it's weird though that the system didn't let me buy 2 at once since they weren't "together"?
Warning: when I'm this tired I'm super emotional and I will throw tantrums if you piss me off.
The spanish Aragon white wine (2010) is aptly named Bitch - it is a serious Bitch to my taste buds
Sara Bareilles is playing in Nashville today? I must get tix.
filling my pinata with prego and wet noodles.
Capps Lecture tonight with Terry Tempest Williams, 7 pm. Royal Ballroom
Freddy Garcia gives great
Come to Mission Hills Community Garage Sale April 21 for bargains & fun. San Diego 92103.
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 14
u still going later
good lookin out !!!!
time for another crazy night!
Looking forward to Tonight's rehearsal....funny footage ahead!!
Forget the risk and take the fall, if it's what you want, then it's worth it all ;) x
Soon I'll have the world talking like "who is this guy?!" In a good way! I'm that dude u wish u never done wrong too or had doubts towards:)
The greatest pain that comes from love is loving someone you can never have.
Me to (; it's sexy and very true probably.
Along with a strong belief in your own inner voice, you also need laser-like focus combined with unwavering determination. - Larry Flynt
Every day seems to get better and better in 2012. Life and business is great right now.
Hey awesome job last night! Did you always know you could sing like Valli or is it something you just discovered?
Don't even get me started on Google Reader's "Browse for Stuff" or Chrome's "Personal Stuff."
“ Never fake who you are. Someone will like you for being yourself.!!”
Anyone hitting for Harpoon #pcbe event tonight?
Tthere's love relationships, there's sex relationships and then there's the band. - Ann Wilson
Scholars' Lab bloggers & fellows have chosen to darken their research sites today in solidarity with #SOPA & #PIPA protests.
Looking forward to it. We appreciate what you do as is!
"One thing conservatives do that drive independents away: we say things that are not credible" - Ryan Adams, the Leadership Institute
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
I'm so ready for formal.
Checking your phone to see what time it is and checking it again because the first time you weren't paying attention
Awww I think all boyfriends tend to be jealous these days :P I just hope mine didn't see that tweet (:
I guess not...I barely recognized her though. I was shocked.
you can check out our link on our profile or just goto www.gametime-athletics.com
What to wear for a night of gambling, heavy drinking, and general disregard for money?
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID
There's no way to express my anger... I doubt I'll know happiness again... It's gonna take years of sacrifice and suffering..
She Only Wanna Talk 2 Me Once She Hears That The Other "She" Has Talked 2 Me.
How you treat the creation reflects how you feel about the Creator.
is publishing inspirational book "True Thoughts From Up Above." It will be out in Oct. on Lulu.com, amazon.com, & barnesnoble.com
The Government & Nonprofit EXPO is today! 10:00AM - 3:00PM in the GU Hotel & Conference Center! Don't forget your GOCards & Resumes!
Uh oh. What page are you on, and what device & browser?
TodaysMeet.com is great to get quieter students to contribute. My students love it and it makes me feel very tech savvy!
good morning :)
would love to talk to you on our morning news tomorrow about the President's announcement!
Isn't that ironic?
I have a questin do you rember me from fb we used to talk all the time?? Lexie ring a bell?
thank you babe :)
Many believe that our nomenclature #omla signals we are protesting against #mla12. Is not the naming convention: activity-location?
'i love my twitter!' (rollin)
not lame! it'll be relaxing but still be lots of fun cuz we'd get to chill & hang out rather than running around everywhere lol
Im soo sorry about Angel)': shes in a better place now and she knows you and your mom LOVE her<3 R.I.P Angel<3 5/3/12 <3<3<3
"Sorry, no refunds in cases of 'the vapors' or sudden unconsciousness."
who said that? I cannot see anything!!
RT : #rptree will give to United Way in your name & you'll get a spot on rptree.com - RT now!
Actually Ivy Blue sounds like a cocktail...
You can crash here hahaha
Cool! Good show... I worked on it before the holidays--looking forward to the new season! :)
eye lash glue smells like donkey ass
I wrap the toilet bowl in plastic wrap. 3hrs later while droppin a deuce I remember what I done.
But you just used words...
You're right. Which means that I finally need to give this parrot a name.
ooh, fun! We're going to clean up and post our materials over the next few days. Let's compare notes/sketches.
SO SICK OF THESE THIEVING BYCHTES AND NIGGAS. Get ya own style and STOP BITING MY SHIT! Can a bitch have nething original?
love Torres too. Thanks for the answer. Hopeful of seeing the big team make progress!
Hey wanna perform on Fancy Schmancy at Bar Lubitsch on June 1st with JORDAN RUBIN, ALI WONG, and ROB O'REILLY?
Travis also said the B word yesterday in rehearsal
RT : The sadness is coming from INSIDE the Oreos!
thanks for the mentions guys! Will share the feedback on the recipes!
Three leader ?s What would my replacement do? What would a great leader do? What story do I want to tell?
We are excited for tonights 1st of Krochet Kids International concert series in OC! Be there!
GRADUATION PARTY! (We need a dude to show up with a briefcase filled with alarm clocks)
#aacu11 has provided an interactive platform for sharing best practices of components & cohesive strategies of int'l ed at US
I got to campus at 9 am. It took me 39 minutes to park.
Hey Fellas.. If a Chick say's "Money makes her Coochie stay Wet" ..she's a Stripper!
the only game that they have a chance would be all stars
i like to be anything you want <3 -boyfriend .
True. I'm a fan.
I love how my family decides to go to HEB without telling me 😒
On route to the windy city to attend a basketball clinic with super-coach Don Kelbick! So excited! My very first official business trip...
moving tomorrow.... what joy for a weekend..!!!
Stupid fucking hoe, call me a stupid bitch again. I'll fucking make you wish you were never born.
15 yard penalty for hitting too hard. NFL rules are a joke.
Love going shopping my mom... She likes what I like so I can dress her like a lil mini me... :)
Ray Angry and Greg Hutch setting up on stage @ Bamboo!!! Bout ya gettit IN
apparently EBSCO acronym stands for Elton B Stephens Co?
him and the cheese, Travis Henry...best duo ever
Welcome to #Milwaukee Monta Ellis!
Created slide shoe in go animate. I like animoto better
Ya'll better show Mother Nature some love on Mother's Day so she can stop making it rain on us.
The Top Contest in America THE EROTIC CHALLENGE check it out
She is really great. Check out the music video for "Cruel"; guitar solo in the trunk of a car ftw
Top Chef Canada: Episode Six - LifeStyler
#ItsAwkwardWhen someone asks you a question that you don't want to answer
I'm excited to try the Brooks. They didn't have my size, so I'm waiting on a deliver from Brookfield to the Shorewood store.
Don't forget about former Buckeye Nick Swisher in the American League.
Video shoot in the City tomorrow...Cookies!!
Another day
Poor Brian): They need to leave you alone!
Big hearing in Madison today about city of Milwaukee residency requirement for employees. Mayor and other leaders expected to testify.
We had a 28'er my 2nd year when Coach Brown said he'd quit.
She left a week to roam, your protector's coming home
Sometimes we just have to deal with what life throws our way, even if we don't like it!
#Glee marathon. Loving life today :)
Question: What age would you cut off driving??
Just saw #Synectic Theater's TAMING OF THE SHREW here in DC. No dialogue. All dance. Super-energetic, hugely fun to watch.
hey Nick!
I believe so I haven't talked to gin
Brown or white bread? lol
I'm driving around like a boss
It takes a lot to capture my attention.
srry the reason why i said brb was because my laptop battery was low so it's on the charger now i got to be on my DSIxL !
Terrible, awful, rotten, no good, very bad day.
Even if my man broke my heart today no matter how much pain I'm in I will be okay, cause I got a man in my life that cant be replaced
I gotta make sure I don't work tomorrow
Kmsl this hoe hit she better stop playing with Yung fa she get spit on
kills his deer by hand! nice perfect form neck brake!
what's wrong with your husband tonight ?
EVERYBODY IS BEAUTIFUL <3
he was a good guy!
Getting ready to party with RTP productions, then off to Club Georgia Peach to party wit Big Mario and Wasupnatl>>>>yes sir!
gotcha. If I come in the afternoon of the 14th, could we talk specifics about big project we're doing? I'll buy you a drink :)
It Wont Be Soon Before Long is my favourite Maroon 5 album, although its not their best work, I still love it
Listening to mad old music
Michael Johnson shares the 5 credibility factors that matter at work
because it won't even work on my phone it works on my iPod but no were elce
ok. Cool but I still kinda don't know who u are. Ur pic is all pink and purple so I can't see Ur face
A Carl's Jr. opened up near my house. Apparently it's an out-of-state fast food chain.
I don't have $750 to have my friend introduce us; I'll guess I'll just have to hunt you down at the Viper on the 28th ;-)
Seriously trying my hardest not to tweet everything that's on my mind right now.
Thank you for connecting!
Today like a dream bgt deh.
Stephanie McMahon is trending! would be proud =)
AH. Presales are right now! I may not make it to this concert. :(
GOOD FOR TONIGHT ONLY!!! Come into the Carol Stream Location, show your HIGH SCHOOL ID and receive $1 off admission!
My 30 min nap turned into 3 hours and I wake up to see the Magic lost to the 4-31 Bobcats? GOOD JOB.
Why are you adding an extra letter to "you" on top of spelling it wrong? It looks ridiculous.
Here for roll call hun.... :) thanks for all you do
my mother is quite the chatterbox. i'm all nasty and sweaty like.
starting next round, the nlcs wil still be on tbs and the alcs will be on fox. world series on fox too.
It's almost time for the Knicks standoff. No matter what happens its been a fun ride fellow die hards. Oh and good morning.
love this show
Tonight is the night VA BEACH! Come out to COZUMELS, let's do this.
To all the lovely folks asking, my injury occurred while wearing my LNJF shirt, so that's ruined :( I'd take a picture, but it's gross.
I must agree that this was a poor comparison.
It really made me laugh. And thank you :)
free movie tickets for you. Haha
Thanks for the RT Deanna. Happy Friday!
HECK YES WE CAN.
From yur last tweet, guess we know where your going tonight. Shheeesh! : )
MY back KILLING!.
It is about that time for you to come in and check us out 6320 Winchester Road
Catch My Words: #GBE2 : Parody
Okay man see ya
We have a chance to multiply all gifts 7.5 times for kids & families in Uganda, Liberia & Uzbekistan. (www.medicalteams.org) RT pls
Starting right now, just like every Sunday night at 8 pm CST -
and Happy Valentine's Day to you & SUCH a cute couple!!
something tells me this involves boobies tell she might wanna watch black state of union
What happens at the Summer Social stays at the Summer Social . . .
Thanks for following both and LOVE the color scheme for your club. Very similar to us. :D
I am from New Hampshire and we just made the Gay Marriage legal (and this is a very conservative state). Prop 8 seems untimely and useless
"All of Me" is a film containing some of the best physical comedy and a catchy tune that makes me think of Kreeft's mother.
what happens on the edit board, stays on the edit board.
As I sit here reflecting on r early performances, I like r gds' toughness. Our bigs showed flashes. We r competing, just need more time2gthr
#sxsw misses you
I got my eyes on the prize on June and July! BOOM!
life's a #beach!
Congrats to the Colorado Rapids for winning their first MLS cup.
Happy Easter AUSTIN!!!!!! i love ya follow me plzz
On March 27 we will be having a mixer! Everyone is welcome, #PR students or not! More details to come.
“: Almost Forgot how good the 1st season of Sons of Anarchy is.” so true
Totally not cool when the time jumps from 6:14 to 8:14. Just landed in NY
St Joseph's vs. Villanova tonight at 8:00pm. The game will be played on St Joseph's campus for the first time ever in 4,200 seat Hagan Arena
Scarfed down some garlic bread, and waiting for our authentic Chicago deep dish pizza :)
I may have to!
I'm extremely interested to see resolution of #IUBB #UK series. I don't see Crean (home and home) or Cal (neutral site) budging on stance
That. Sucks. Truely.
love you babygirl! ❤ text me if you need me :)
Glad you dug it!
I dont really like the one with tho
When you point your finger at someone, three fingers are pointing back at you. -Childish P.S How was that, Mr. Mature?
Fellowship of the Ring looks great and sounds AMAZING on blu-ray with a good sound system. Can't wait for 12-18-12 to watch The Two Towers
coast to coast HIGH FIVE!!!
Artest is mad 1) another team got the Mobb Deep promo, 2) about the "rock you in your face, stab your brain with your nose bone" bit.
In the past 2 weeks, I've heard 3 leading UX experts mention the zombie apocalypse. Do you have a zombie preparedness plan? I do.
I haven't read it yet. I had heard about it but forgot till you posted this. Have you read it?
What did I ever do to piss you off?
I agree bro. That's kinda u kno what lol
Uh-oh. Ha ha. Was I the company and/or dead? How was the event? Wish I could have made it.
Fa realz. Batman's got rough days, nahmsain?
Hey you! WHATCHA DOIN' THIS WEEKEND, LOS ANGELES!???? :D
Right?!? Her Mother's Day gift is coming from the Dollar Tree.
i saw my future secretary in my sleep
Mom, you gave me life then taught me how to live it. Thanks for all these years of guidance, support and love.
What is wrong with these children of our future
It's Thursday Gold time! $6 Georgia Golds w/ purchase of an adult beverage - yay, what a deal!
Keeping up with Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Fall 2012? Tell us some of your fave looks for Fall 12!!!
Anderson Cooper just announced the death of the flip cam. Twitter trends now has: RIP Flip.
Hungry For More! When sloppy secondz is a good thing!
Mitchell Johnson: &quot;Are You Going With Me?&quot; - Huffington Post (blog)
I was on my "I don't follow n*ggas that look like price sh*t)
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: "I don't care that your dad is racist", her dad's ear collection, a short list of Asian men.
I don't speak german, but I can if you like. ;)
RT : #Aries are very stubborn, even if they know they are wrong they want to be told that they are right.
I am getting to the point in my life where when people who know me misspell my name, I don't even know what to say anymore.
Knifemaking Tuesdays Week 20 - bearing pockets detent and lockup - drill bits set
does anyone read my tweets anymore? x
Yankees vs Red Sox on my sons 8-10 yr old minors. Even @ this level it Still feels like an old Rivalry. May historical stats prevail!
Same boat. Not great coffee, but good enough to make a statement.
That show is a guilty pleasure for sure
lol sad part is it doesn't get any better with Clyde. I want Jeff Van Gundy. Clyde only has negative to talk about the Knicks
Congrats! “: Proud to be recognized here at #amasummit for the #amaiowa's membership and programming chapter excellence awards.”
I won't be there :'(
Ice Cube, Hank Shocklee &amp; Sir Jinx Rundown AmeriKKKa&#39;s Most ...
Isn't it funny how last year we wanted to stay up late to be all "cool" and this years it's like...forget that I'm going to sleep! #night 💤
Sounds interesting. Might be worth watching if nothing else is going on.
xoxo will do! Owe you a birthday meal :)
NEW DAY, NEW LIFE, NEW OPPORTUNITY!!!!!!!
Ok, heels, today you have bested me. I'll make it through a full work day eventually though.
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder
hilarious. And wow, does the SEC actually have a conscience?
Dave's remodeled his 30th St Cafe (3600 block); more space, menu & tasty rosemary potatoes /lattes, bkfast & lunch items. Viva North Park
is that a rock and roll singing group?
RT : Girls that seems or acts strong are the most sensitive of them all.
Bean needs some gratitude in her attitude.
I hate the snow
You could sit on your patio today OR you could come to ours and we'll wait on you hand and foot!
I guess it's better then trying to hit 440 foot bombs every at bat.
RT : Congratulations on creating a new generation of human resource conversations. LOVE it!
Think of all the beauty thats still left in and around you and be happy!. * Anne Frank
Coming up on Sunrise, calling hours for Capt. Bruce Clark will be held today and a RPD Sgt. shot while on duty returns to work.
If I have to leave this world, I want to go out Nicolas Cage Leaving Las Vegas style.
I'm pretty sure War of the Worlds got its sound effects from the construction on my street
Yes! RT : "Zero correlation between the person with the best ideas and the loudest talker." - Susan Cain #TED 2012
And why??**RT : I'm not going to EVER have sex!!
You're welcome! Let me know if you need any more info on VA. I am an amature expert!!! I love my home state!
thats the motto!
We are officially enjoying the weekend! Hope you are too dear Shasticians!
ok, how'd you do that with the background on Staree?
No one uses turn signals, if you are not driving 100mph on any street or expressway prepare to be harassed on your bumper.
#MichaelJacksonSyndrome - Warning -Side Effects - Ability to dance, sing, choreograph, play instruments, change the world & Be overly sexy
I have a huge headache. I'ma be black for a second and say, I finally found some g ass niggas & now they leavin me! :C
Last week of Norwalk Listens Survey, that means flip flops and shorts being put away #norwalk #norwalk2 #survey Take it here: norwalk2.org
interesting, wonder of mayor decides whether to enforce 30 minutes.
she made sequins and big frizzy wiry hair cool
At Picture Shack ent. auditioning for their new show "Animal Outlaws" hope I get it...
Good morning everyone!
consider that a formal invitation Miss Sprayberry its at errs and jasons. If you get a chance stop by. Bear and erbody is comin
The compound radius on the soloist tugs me right at the heartstrings! I swear it makes me feel like the most proficient player
#namemharrisperrysnewshow How about "Fresh Brew" with MHP? Like Morning Joe but hip.
Love is a funny thing. When you dont have it , you want it . & when you do have it , sometimes you dont know what do with it.
Good Night everybody. Love ya :)
well have to check again tomorrow night cuss it's gunna have more than that.
Getting all set up!!
Theres no way you can have longevity as a vocalist and be a smoker. The two will never go together....period.
Well the bright side? The Lakers are holding them to 30 point lead and not letting them get away! Lol. At least we've got the Kings!!
The ESA Board of Directors and the ESA Examinations Committee are pleased to announce the first EDA Preparatory Course
some people's level of selfishness and immaturity is ridiculous...
Is there a chance that you might love me too?
It's time for bed now. I just had a vegan cookie so the sheep I'm counting think I'm a god.
Haha, I kind of stopped going on the internet. I got really bored of it. =/
idk but i heard u were gunna buy some taco bell when u got back!!
For a moment I thought the cover of this week's Time was an advertisement for Game of Thrones.
Yes!!! It feels so good to be alive!!!!
No lie, no lie, no lie-ee-I-ee-I.
oh rly, do they even have half of the show left after stripping that stuff out?
HELL YES.
Have you checked out our Workout of the Week on the #KoreFit Facebook page? This week is Single Arm Core Stabilization! Try it!
I think it's time to start drinking coffee again.
understated yes...just trying to have a little class which is more than i can say for some
Today's Birthdays: Actor-comedian Stephen Colbert (kohl-BEHR') is 48. Rock musician John Richardson (The Gin Blossoms) is 48.
Grammy for commercial-so-crazy-it-just-might-work goes to Chipotle.
They R morons! RT : Nicely put RT : Florida: where abortions are murder, but shooting a kid in the chest isn't
The only thing worse than listening to more about Peyton is now knowing we have to hear about Tim Tebow
LMFAORT : Life is like Jerry. Sometimes it's hard.
I compare teacher observations to standardized testing, it is a snapshot in time, not a measure to show true growth over time
RT : Today’s must-listen #jazz recording: “Momentum” by saxophonist Myron Walden, 2009.
i love you so much.
These #DC #GOP #DNC games are nothing short of riveting,pathetic, enlightening&frankly awesome. American people, up yours!
Correction: For FB friends 3 more days to book Headshot session in order to get summer price of 349.00!
I am going to introduce myself to the world of gaming in January so I hope I can get support from some of you....
come pick me up from school girl.
Me and Nate havent spoken in almost a mth then today he tells me he still cant get over me
welcome to twitter!! everybody follow this dude, or at least check out his awesome picture hahaha
We're celebrating FREE Admission to (Sat, Jan 30) by giving away 3 $15 iTunes gift cards. RT for a chance to win!
P-Funk is a great way to start your morning...
sounds like a great day!
don't talk about something you don't know about.
How can they toss the kid like that lmaoo.
Strategic planning is worthless... Unless there is first a strategic vision. John Niasbitt
what about ha
Ayy! I heard it was my homie birthday though! Happy Birthday TamaRa!
I know haha
Is it 5:00 yet? Weekend I am ready for you now...
I wish I knew where I was.
Why wld Americans vote4 a GOP right-wing pres candidate who only serves a far-right minority. Do we want a POTUS who is wagged by the tail?
Haiti Babi up now - "knitting lives together" #SocEntWknd team with mission to provide knitting jobs for mothers to "keep families together"
Sending sweetness to
hey Biebs, if I was as good at shooting threes than you are at being cute, I'd have myself a couple rings. BIEBER FEVER 4 LIFE
oh okay. Haha how's you ask him in the dm? Was he slumping with people or you just randomly did it?:D
The shortest war on record, between Britain and
Thanks for all the #WW love today. I sure do appreciate y'all!! Hugs~
Smh I wouldn't have askd or gave u an invitation if I didn't want u to come
study outside!
Lighting up this room with that cray aromatherapy! #dolo and laxed
she did it!! and i love it
So my friend tells me my picture looks like it belongs on the back of a bestseller m maybe I will become an author
nothing like waiting. I got that down too
House hunting is my favorite. :)
Never make someone your priority when you are simply their option
that's what you think..not a grown woman till you pay the bills
WTIA awards - commercial product or service of year: tie between SEOmoz and Skytap
real long day with my red bat
I really need more sleep! :/
Man in a Box
um you so nasty
Why is cable TV so expensive?
People who place AmazonFresh orders make me swoon. :)
Oh god. 1st passenger has turned. MDW cabbie trying to leave. cant. i hear screaming in the bckrnd.
“: hey there hope all is well. Miss u two. hopefully gigi and I can make it down there soon”soon let u know !
Justice League Unite! RT :
The Google TOS did not change this week. They also "own" all of your google docs. So unless you got f'ed over on that you can calm down.
so everyone in my house has an iPhone . & i dont -__-
bringing out all the Christmas stuff today...wow i don't think i've ever seen so much before in my life
I do miss my time in Wales!
Sky chillzle what's the bizzle? Who you got winning it all? Perhaps my beloved Pacers?
I <3 One Direction.
Straight-on videos are great for people used to being on camera as well as other video to display things like presentation tools
U.S. manufacturing sector expanded at the fastest pace in nearly six years in April,
Consumers definitely set a high bar for value add. RT : Consumers don’t want an emotional connection with 95% of brands...
;) HostNexus Announces Launch of cPanel on Shared and Reseller Hosting Packages consistent quality service
first day of real winter crushed! bring it on chicago!
Now I never thought that I could take it higher... Until I reached the point of no return! Hehe I'm sure you know who said that ;P
you guys... it's just kraftwerk.
muhahahaha! Your becoming cooler, don't worry.
When Tokyo was unable to hold the World Skating Championship earlier this year, Moscow stepped up.Our best rinks were tied to NHL schedules.
B4 letting UR user go, when he doesn't want 2 subscribe 2 UR service, try 2 retain him as much as possible w/ rewards 4 referrals
crap I was wrong! It's march 9 at the Madison. We Came as Romans, Emmure, Woe is me, and blessthefall
LOL! I am feeling a little of both...
I have learned that my fate is something I can't escape.
It is great to be part of so much history & great things to see & do. Of course the food is amazing and always gr8 Ice Cream!
Yeah - I remember a CFH plenary on him a few years back. Almost as heated as that USIH plenary on (I think?) The Hurt Locker.
I'm still VERY interested in joining the Pyramid team, can u DM me an email or number 2 follow up with? Will submit resume ASAP.
MY STRUGGLE; MY MOTIVATION!!
It's finally Friday!
Think I'll fall for that? YOU'RE WRONG! STOP SPAMMING!!!!
"You guys are just sluts with your syrup" Hahaha
Excited to play Nos Bar in Fort Worth tomorrow! Spread the word! We would love to see a big group out
Badgers drive hits wall | NU ball on their fifteen | Give or take that is |
Bingo players Saturday Night! Gonna be sick
Lucky girl!
Ill Park 106 Bullets In Ya Face..Yu Gottah Watch Friends at A Distance Enemies Close.
Wonderful news. So relieved to hear it.
no are you.?
;; totally awesomeness (:
#Quote Never rely on the glory of the morning nor the smiles of your mother-in-law. Japanese Proverb
thanks 4 the RT Sean! So nice of you as always
Finalizing the edits for our new web series launching on AOL May 20... stay tuned!
also check out
I am in New York for the rest of the week and weekend. I like NY because nobody cares about 'nuthin here...
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other
I was thinking:it doesn't feel right dancing alone and then I heard the quote "I'm dancing alone" in this song-That's AMAZING!
Celebrating the holiday. Even tho I dont speak
#1waytopissmeoff haul ass to pull in front of me on the road, then slow down. i will ride you, follow you to your destination and stalk you.
Half Naked and Almost Famous
Instead of any sleep, these waking microdreams that consist of nothing but deep, untethered flashes of feeling. Also true: back in Pgh.
Where did we put our #usguyS paddle?
i'm not clicking today. literally, i'm not doing a good job clicking on links with my new mouse.
Coming down from a incredible event. Connected over 643 people to services in #rva. Thank you again and
sniff sniff sniff
Truth is I'm just simply disappointed, story of my life /: #forever alone
it's the most excitement you'll have all year!
Today is the day! Looking forward to some great networking and discovery at #SXSW!
That shower was everything >>>
: Michael Barnes charming & informative @ Creative Media Center. Thank You, Mr. B! XO Miss Z
i've been an Orioles fan.... baseball season i love. but it'll be year 14 or 15 of losing. ugh.
Mary Gauthier - Long Way To Fall - 10:50 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Never mind. Printing only works from Mac, not Windows machine. Hmm... Conspiracy?
Apartment hunting sucks. Job + apartment hunting at the same time really sucks (I know, I'm so eloquent ;). Blah!
#Mizzou up by 12 at the half. Unlike a lot of KU fans, I'm not surprised. MU has been the better team all year.
WCC? Big West? They'll find something RT final thing is how is the split sports going to work for BSU if the WAC does not exist?
G.O.Y., North Carolina! We will not rest until true #equality exists! #acceptance #love is for all
Word ima check em out when we get up
Well most people don't even have a rooster.
I cannot emphasize this enough: the bros shooting hoops at the outdoor court here on campus are really, really terrible at basketball.
Who is like the LORD our God, the One who sits enthroned on high, who stoops down to look on the heavens and the earth? Psalm 113:5-6
skipping balls in the noon hour
I'm getting on at 10:05 you better be on bruh
Open Performance troupe auditions this saturday at 3pm. Have a 2 minute choreographed piece prepared. Email
You can easily see the "kid" in the college "kids"...but give them credit...they are very happy for the win
So much fakeness, so little patience
I got *cut* off, that's sadder by far...
Good luck!!!
Did you guys end up doing themed bowling?
the louder I play my music, the more I clean
ket's pretend his nice, too.
Oh goody, high school drama, and I wasn't even there for it but am somehow involved
oh my thrupp! Theres a guy @ my track meet thats a look alike! He looks just like u.. Hieght & hair & eyes & everything! <3 ...
I KNOW WHO DON'T LOVE ME JK NIGHT LOVE U TO
funny as times I don't have number no more I got a new phone
Merry Christmas!
Good job Daquan!
Good Morning my friends and my lovelies
We played a matchup zone and ran the Princeton offense - our style was totally different than any other team - be original
most def had a good time connecting @ Allure, but I'll check ya'll lata now bout' to go #MADWORKMODE bottlepopS & skittleS
My Godmother brought an iPhne. She said that the sales person pitched it to her as a phone for ladies. Yes, Really! SMH
Luv hearing #gopackgo in the "H"
PUT THAT ON ITUNES. NOW. <3
“: #Jobs report for March not good enough. Let's Create " I'm all in!
Family Law Judge in Texas who repeatedly whipped his 16 year old daughter should be...Catch my thoughts tonight on Entertainment Tonight!
Nice. I bet God loves that kind of talk you Demon!
Scoreboard has uofl with no timeouts
do you feel safe at rest stops? Have heard parking at motel with largevparking areas is less obvious and pretty safe.
Great sleeping weather it's raining it ABQ and the breeze is so cool.
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!!!
I planned on it man. Finishing up at the hospital in a few hours
feed me :(
Teaching my first official flow yoga class Saturday morning at 11am at Melt on State Street! Music yoga wisdom laughter love and light
Any news on the Rice University students who were arrested for having guns in their dorm rooms?
How do you know each other?!
ha I'm just kidding :) have fun wherever you go :)
I just don't feel the love :(
#WeWereCoolUntil you started thinking I was jealous of you. wth? -_-
More of the roster. $ went 2 big3 contr RT is it the coach or pathetic rost they built of nonconplimentary players
duh…follow:)
Went to a very cute but rainy Japanese garden in Seattle today!
I would tell you how I feel, but i'll just tell you what you want to hear.
today was on deck, the #superfans missed ya buddy. Hope all is good with u.
Game of thrones time!!!!!! Great week of tv starts now..
ha ha! .... enjoy it before tomorrow's headache buddy
You cant trust people these days!
Witness prep with nurse tomorrow. Under-over on when the crying starts: 4.5 minutes. What is ur bet? I bet under.
Thanks for joining us and supporting entrepreneurs/students. How did ur live elevator pitch go? Best of luck!
“: FUPA season official kickoff today in the Mil”I've seen some of the worst FUPA's today
It's all shit and giggles until your the one being laughed at
I wouldn't worry too much, I'm sure they'll find something else to trip on - probably their own tongues?
#Google will be founding sponsor of Interaction Awards 2012. Further evidence that the company is taking design seriously.
hope one of the hottest women in canada is having a great day
Have fun in NYC!
Im just gonna sum up my day in 3 words.
... girl u know we love u here N' Da. "Dtown"
New Startup = New Twitter Account.
I accept I have to approve timecards on my day off. Why tell me I haven't done so BEFORE MY PEOPLE HAVE LEFT?
::hey, nice to meet you tonight! stop by sometime.
The #glee kids should have played piano on 's giant teeth.
#SKYSCRAPER VIDEO SOON! !
M, no Santana, Rachel, Quinn, Finn, Kurt, Mercedes, Puck and practically all of the Glee Club is leaving and YET you want a Season 4.?!
tweet me #yeeeeeeeeeee if you're excited to move to
Jam Session on Monday! It's gonna be huge! Come down and call some tunes, never a cover! 626 S. Spring St. Los Angeles 9pm!
hahaha busting my kneecap makes it sound like you're gonna shoot a bitch
I knit toe up whenever I can. I love trying on as I go along.
I'm on top of the world, and I don't plan on coming down.
Bitch clearly i said im a bitch TOO stating that i DO NOTT eats grape posicles DUHH
Cancer sucks. Praying for one of the best people in the world tonight.
Fuck it, sounds like a Taylor Gang night...
record is dope bro!
All the best on that bro! I need to get out and run too!
Thank you!:]♡
Did any of you go out and buy your garnets yet? Remember it's January's birthstone!
good luck tonight T.O.!!! Kick some old school Oiler ass!!!
I want him to be in me so freakin bad #GoodGirlGonebAD hahha i was never gudd
hello foco sprucing moms cut and color!
"You're either in or you're out. Right now." Happy Birthday George Clooney!
It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being
RT : Never had a laptop. I bought the iPad to proofread books and to use it as a second monitor when correcting them.
overly much since it was first hauled out a century ago-that's just not what science is. It's like saying calculus is just integration.-DvL
Friday Humor: “Golf without bunkers and hazards would be tame and monotonous. So would life.” - B. C. Forbes
All of the above! I am an equal opportunity bbq eater!
Should have tweeted this last night: S/O To My Boys for that fresh orange T was rockin last night.
Some of the most difficult people we have in our lives are our greatest teachers.
"we have to do that now on as our warm up!" -mr. Robinson "uhh...sure..." hahahaha :)
NBC bleeped out 's comment on Banderas and Hayek. Damn it ! Now I have to wait for a youtube video .
"Appreciate what you have, before time teaches you to appreciate what you had."
Our class talked about punk music, I think he wants to teach a punk rock seminar soon!
Offering Prefered Seats to see Cirque du Soleil Shows in Las Vegas book your discount room and show @ www.myvegaspeople.com
I wouldn't be who I am today without the constant love and support of my mother, I owe more than I could ever give. Happy Mothers Day <3
Now completely won over. I see the genius that is D.T. now. Also, found Hamlet online @ pbs.
Nice! Thank you. I am always interested to see what you will be coming up with next. :)
Life is about finding happiness.
Currently at the premiere of "The Pool Boys" at Graumans Chinese Theater in Hollywood!
I will just tell you guys the Superbowl/ Playoffs + A Special Edition of AFC Vs. NFC Pro Bowl Showdown. All Here tonight in Twitter!
Ah I am all social networked out for the evening.
Happy Valentine's Day!! Indulge your love for the railroad and visit us today! We're waiting!
Stick the Dismount Rancic! Remember everyone is imagining you naked so dont worry about a thing! have fun and enjoy!
You so busy chasing her man...and didn't notice her taking yours...
my car getting sold tomorrow im getting a new one in the morning. how much u tryna get off yo car?
yah seriously. tell brit i said hi - i'm stuck hanging out with j.lo on idol :\
Today is the "Webmaster`s day" congradulations!
how life treat'n you
yes I will be next weekend its gonna be like baby dolls wat is your fav hair due
If you haven't been down to the Museum's Monster Mash yet, you still have time. Our next 'hair-raising story' will be read at 1:15.
Good to catch up and talk rock climbing with the
Focus your energy on the things you can control and don't waste too much time worrying about the things you can't!
Spent the morning volunteering at Harriet buhai.
Hello everyone in College Station! We are expanding our network of sponsors!
he just told me he loved me #BrotherSsiter♥
I hate learning things the hard way...I prefer the easy way,
that's what I'm talking about!
Facebook always asks... What's on your mind?? I guess not much or I wouldn't be on Status Shuffle all the time!! LOL
you changed my life, that makes you a life changer which means you're basically perfect.
Heey I love your music
I'd really like a bagel right now, but I'd have to get in my car and drive to get one. I miss NY...
I keep forgetting to take some production shots of my light set ups and stuff with my phone every time i shoot...
4miles not matter the time I gotta get it in.
Invite us to your next 10tastes and we'll create DeliciousBuzz for you via our media buzz contacts! We <3 all things DELICIOUS!
can we set it up at Joey's?
Absolutely! Even actual theatres need to have those site surveys done.
Penn Badgley= SUPER SEXY. Wow.
it sure does,you can say that again.Gimme a holla if you ever want some tatt work. stay up.A fan since NWA
Once you accept hot dogs into your life, pink slime is not that far to go for your next logical step into the darkness.
What a day of sports.... horse races at Hollywood Park, then to Hermosa Beach to watch Clipper game and finally Santa Monica for boxing. AHH
you are most welcome! Any trips to Chicago in the works?
Got my 2011 So You Think You Can Dance Tour tickets for Orlando!
I am sure the sub appreciated it. :)
Hoffman Co. Closes Faria Preserve Property Sale
me too!! I made my mom take me to the Cody Simpson concert 6 hrs early when he came to fort lauderdale
I added you as a friend on FaceBook. btw: You're link on twitter to your facebook profile takes you to facebook main page.
why not your not a size 9... I'am!
Looking to invest in startups! Send interesting deals to
Would u hump xtina? BYE?
Thanks, Chris--hope you're well!
Please email from the acct you used when you signed up. Use subject BOOMER. We'll reply with instructions
Stemless wine glasses look really cool, but I'm discovering they are harder to grasp & pick up when they empty.
awesome!!! It seriously changed everything. Let me know if I can help!
its very windy and the wind just produced a tone from blowing past my beer ... very peaceful
Knowing how to live right and living right is two different things.
Just swam a half mile at
Chillin.' Seriously. My office is COLD.
when you come to Austin, I'll get you your own bottle
you have nice teeth
It's not a question of if, but when safety DeJuan Rogers () commits, he'll just add to that tradition. (cont)
Did we forget about the Detroit Bad Boys, who won 2 back to back rings with that style of play? Everyone's a big p*ssy now. Man-up!
I wish I just didn't give a fuck.
Open City by Teju Cole
