Haha, I haven't seen him post up yet though. I was just hollerin at the badman.
I'm picture you guys leaving Lou buried in sand to the head. A crab scurries by and steals his dip. Am I close?
#Top100Lies - Im just around the corner (actually Im still in my bed)
"Be true to your work, your word, and your friend." -Henry D Thoreau-
how many more "scientists" will fall flat on their faces trying to explain how everything i under control in fukushima.
I'm thinking of the northeast, not the Republican base, places like NH and NJ. Some Jews are still Ds but just barely
“: “: What words do you hate? Why?? Call in now 800-520-1067” anaheim ducks. It explains itself” I AGREE!
If I Don't get a Deal..Iam a Make one ...
Thanks for the RT! #FF and Happy weekend to all of you!!!!
Nothing motivates quite like spite.
always going to be a belieber i love you so much you inspire me, you light up my world like nobody else please say #swaggie !!
Nice! RT Ugh...It's Monday again. Wait. I forgot. Every day is my Friday.
goodluck to this weekend. living his dream running track for the Badgers. you'll do great and everyone's proud no matter what
I would love to as I'm sure it would be a blast but I'll be in Turks and Caicos getting married that weekend!! lets hang after
My mom just told me I wasn't physically active.....HAHAH WHAT?!?
wena u killing me yong #DeathByLaughter in the bus going to the wiLD...)
Thanks and for having me in today !
Vanilla Ice Cuba Gooding Junior Senior
Looking forward to the much needed sleep tonight when I get back to my Cinci home. Going to tape my eye lids open for the rest of the day.
Going back to my favorite boring old job: translator. not creating texts but reproducing & displacing them; how much do I love & hate it!
bring back a 'w'
in my opinion, what Mahomies love the most about Austin: his smile and sense of humor :D <3
THANKS FOR THE LOVE BRO
thanks so much for the kind mention. Glad you loved the app so much!
hahahhajahahjahha why aren't you playing with me
Ikr! Thanks so much!
Got you « im reppin hard on #fb what up wit a complimentary shirt! lol»
Is there any chance that the #UVa defense can get a stop this time?
So many American flags in Texas. I like it
Sorry to hear about your trouble. I've been there. Can you temp for awhile? That pulled me out of a bind.
Wine-off Tuesdays, guys! Starting October 10, every Tuesday, every bottle of wine in the house will be half off. No joke!
“: Found where the weird kids at carthage party #weirdclan” where do they party? U could always pledge Delta Omega Nu!!!
3,000 calls for Marriage Equality last night! Special shout out to the UW contingent for rolling deep!
sorry! We're coming to the next one and we'll even sit in the dugout if you want us to!
hey brother! Welcome back! How've you been?
Had a great time at the #auto show this weekend at the Oregon Convention Center!
right! Its just been grass and open space for the longest
At all-day Tufte class on information architecture & analytical design from data visualization to landscape architecture. Fun!
In honor of the Big 12 Tournament being in town, who is your favorite Big 12 Mascot?
thanks love! :D
Like ships in the night
Then they must be "Sweet Tweets" and you're probably a nice person.
#lupequotes "Lupe got his mind right, nigga this is my mic and I've come to take it all back like Miller High Life"
I know(:
your disclaimer gave me chills.
#maine is pretty fabulous i must say
The average prison sentence for a man following rape or battery is 2-6yrs
Seriously good night for me and the #harmonica. I'm pretty solid w/ "what a wonderful world" it actually sounds pretty, but in a manly way
Health and Safety how fun(: lmao
Who bought their Toby tickets today?
The Crew be puttin in work
thanks for the retweet!
Do you have a tarp for your hair?
A nigga with no teeth that's a good thang , lol ...
No problem....keep the news on the Colts coming.
Rehearsals just became possible tonight! Time to fine tune for Friday!
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision. - James McNeill Whistle
Please do not open any links that came from my Twitter account! I was hacked! So sorry!
National Champions! #8 is coming home!!
hey guys. Megan, you are close..Brad Schneider is running for the House of Reps. So, what's the debate?
Nice hand with the threes... go get em
someone is creeping your life from 700 miles away.... haha ;)
I'm gonna TiVo!
Adam R. Gwizdala~ If you go with the flow youll eventually end up over the waterfall.
Noticed two wind turbines across from Mt Adams today. They were cranking. Love to see that!
II timonthy 2:15, study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not be ashamed, righty dividing the word of truth
A small way to help the Japan disaster is text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10 - takes a minute of your time.
How about a remote that always works.
The market is on rain or shine - see you at 10!
how was art today without me and ???
Nothing better than seeing a friend stand up and kill it.
they always have the craziest killers on
I think she meant beasted lol “: ": Yes. I breasted my workout. And even ran.". |breast?”
Oh bus gods, why do you continue to shower me with your anger and misfortune?
If u see this post ......hit me up if u trying to get on the mixtape holla at me
I'm so excited about the meeting I had with "Tv One" & "Radio One" founder Ms. Catherine Hughes yesterday. God is truly good!
Love Celtic Woman.
NYC to Miami. Love my fam and friends up here.
DELICIOUS! RT : On the Menu for the #GreatMatch - Albondigas Guisadas: Pork Meatballs, Squid ink, Hazelnut Picada
good afternoon
thanks for RTing the augmented reality app about misshelved books. interesting!
I brought my Cash Five "full wheel" program up to date and we are playing 20 picks from it for tomorrow night's game.
“With words at your disposal, you can see more clearly. Finding the words is another step in learning to see.”- Robin Kimmerer
Any bear hunters out there? Share your experiences with us!
The Chiefs won?! Really?! Hard to believe, but true!
RT You can tell the size of your God by looking at the size of your worry list. The longer your list, the smaller your God.
Happy Birthday to ! May blessings continue to rain down on you!
"Yeah my mom bought like a 4,000 dollar LV bag" "Yeah my mom only buys the 1000 dollar coach bags" Conversation happening behind me @ school
I cnt stand Metta World Peace!
Oh that was so much fun that night!!!
Just looked through my phone book. WTF, who are you people?
Dont sub-tweet , mention the bitch !
What's wrong
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers!
Some cunt just beeped at me and scared the shit out of me. Go fall out of your jeep
Eehhhh I dunno man!
Someone break Mo Williams arm.
ALERT: It's Parents Weekend. Clean your dorm/apt & hide you & your roommate's alcohol, drug paraphernalia, & porn.
:D FLASHPHOTOSHOTS :D
All I want is someone who will stay, no matter how hard it is to be with me.
I had to find something to do while you play Dungeons and Dragons!
just noticed ur tweet about chocolate cake in a jar! since i found that popover recipe, i started saving all my jars! -lisa
I think I'm addicted to Temple Run
last night in my bed and losing an hour of sleep
I'm going to try out dancing @ Star Garden tonight, I hope it goes well
"Live in Basel" is a seriously good album. I was already a big fan of yours, and you raised the bar with Live, imo. Cheers.
we go on around 11pm!
when u get encouragement fr everyone it motivates u 2 succeed. when all u get in negativity it holds u back if u let it. break free n fight
Tryin to go to a mall where there's no ppl. No lines. Just in and out
seems a bit stilted :)
My first reaction is that this fits the stereotype well. Notice how almost all of the subjects are white.
I'm so tired.
Thanks for including us in your Real Estate Connection Daily!
#HappyBirthdayValerie !c: hope you have a qoood day.
Youtube Farm to Fridge - The Truth Behind Meat Production. I just did ...and oh my lanta. #cannotbelieveit =/
Spurs-Jazz Preview
I hadn't heard about it???
Eliza Doolittle's Mr. Medicine in Talbots.<3
Reds at Braves
follow me back then DM me please
Looking for some #acbw events in #pgh for tues. Anyone got suggestions?
You can live your #dreams if you can embrace change. It's by taking chances that you'll learn how to be brave. - Nikita Koloff
Turn left!!
If you are in Chicago, please check out the Chris Greene Quartet live at Mayne Stage on October 27th. That's gonna be a great show!!!!
haha me too. But...I do remember quite a bit! Thanks for last night!!
my fiance's parents were there so we watched it too...hilarious! His lines about his secret agenda were funny as hell
No, I dont think he is, but I don't think Wallace is either.
Over 60 people at the litte tokyo community forum at the jaccc!? WOW! More than any of us expected! Yes we can support our community & ...
Larry Bird/Magic Johnson.
loving y'all support! thankk you! look forward for new music, more covers and songs, and album later on in the year!
A3. Success, people showing up to an event () cause they saw it on twitter
Watching touch football game they call the NFL Pro Bowl. Fogetaboutit!
I live for you. I breathe you in and blow you right back out <3 your my rock and the world around me <3 your my baby I love you Dallas!
shot I didn't even see that that was 2012...
#woodlawn23 have court today. They are part of a long history of those who have fought for economic justice. Honor them all on this
alright thanks mr president. Did you get knocked out or were you conscious?
where and when is this event?
Alternative Organics, is now officially 'Jade Monk Beverage Company'
that is just horrible- 3 men raped, strangled, and burned 19y-o girl in Ukraine. she is still alive in hospital. the police didnt ....
Peter Benson, CEO of Search Inst. died of cancer today. What a heartbreaking and tragic loss for his family, colleagues and all he inspired.
It's Christmas, man. Come on son...
What's the $ale at Stussy LV right now Anna?!
my horoscope for today is spot on #Taurus <3
now legalized you said it first to my knowledge
We can make it simple.
Michael Bay can direct the shit out of an explosion, too bad he couldn't do the same with Meagan Fox.
just absolutely killed it , would definitely see them live again.
I'm not here to inspire people and you shouldn't try to be either. Inspire people by living for yourself
Had the greatest time today. Thanks Thanks
I was driving home from high school one day in late November doing 55 in a 25. My friend and I had just gotten done chopping down a Chris...
Tweet more. Pick it up. Let's go. Seize the day. Carpe diem.
thanks though(:
Never say 'no' to yourself - we get it enough from other people. Get out there and say 'yes'!
The people who say cheerleading isn't hard have never tried it.
nobody fucking talk to me today.
Shout out to all of our newest followers! Thank you!!!
Really? You were there.
Mr. Now or Mr. Wait?; Its your choice.
hit us up
Join me on the air in 10 minutes! 1010AM Tampa Bay Sports Central. Learn Secret to a hot, happy relationship!
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 894 calories. Total burned so far: 2955 calories! on 4/3/12 at 9:06 PM
Welcome to MN Hi, Naomi! RT : : Congrats on the new job at Star Tribune. Say hi to
I don't feel so good °__•
I love you to death!!!!! Plz rt
Rushers wanna hear beat-box more often in songs (:
Murphy claims the Republican nomination to return to the 18th Congressional District
...throw shit at u and run their mouths a lot and he knows me.."hollie dnt play that" so I may need bail money too....lol
Im gonna wear my solidarity hoodie to work all week
RT : "... concerns about a brand, most marketers try to divert attention. Brands like MINI exacerbate..." Youngme Moon #FGS11”
FBCD MAJOR NEWS OUT!!!
#IfKobeAintBetterThanLebron then Oprah must be broke.
after a weekend vacation, it's hard to find motivation.
Why are you so confusing ?!
Thank's ya'll
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 8
you can keep my number, you're not an annoying boy. congrats yo!
to all the polo teams & players jc western has white wranglers and levi's in all sizes in stock. will ship call for more info @ 561-684-7331
Great little lax practice today! Half of the little dudes must have started their spring break early, but we had a blast!
Could it be more beautiful out today?! Join us at Franklin Park for some tacos
Turn on your radio RT for some odd reason I'm getting national ESPN.
yeah!!! It was a great one :)
RT Is your mom ruining journalism?
amazing “: Disney just announced Heroes Work Here, a new company-wide initiative to hire, train & support returning veterans
I wish you can talk Buford into staying at Ohio St for his senior season!
Haha of course!! Could never forget you! How have you been??? :D
how did i get 60 bucks in my bag....wtf. is this a joke or something
An orange & brown butterfly keeps fluttering over to me...
great to connect with fashionista in Italy..I'll be in Milan soon for a trade show
listen your a great analyst and i maybe wrong but I just don't see the love given to lebron that should be given.
i want six more tatts.. then
Or better yet what are the #mustread #blogs here in #SanDiego?
Got a positive response to my inquiry about the temp choral position for which I was recommended. More news as it develops. :-)
I DM u
Oh! May 29. Is my BIRTHDAY! I'm excited! You should send me a gift!!
The same coworker that said, "it's literally raining cats&dogs" yesterday, just said, "you need to literally get out of my head."
I don't know about you guys, but I have the effin' coolest boyfriend in the world. He never fights with me and rubs my back all the time c:
quartet style lol
I'd cut our entire O line and defense backs if it was up to me. They were horrible.
I wish I could be there but I am right now in south Miami :(
thanks to the san francisco examiner for printing an add about my cd release party coming up this friday night at the rockit room!
I just found out that Cupertino has an Ike's and will soon be getting a Philz. Now if only I had a car to get to them...
i needed a whole team to help me switch a dp a year ago, lol
and since my cute little cousin is apparently ballin, I expect an ice cream date in my near future, lots of ice cream!!!
Anytime, Love! :)
We're an SF based production company interested in co-producing a marketing video with you. Ever considered it?
Thursday Night at 7pm "Builder's Night Out" and tonight we've got Geo-Social Artist Maria Scileppi showing us some cool data visualizations!
": better be lol, what's new in mad city" golf season as soon as the chiropractor can get my back fixed.
The taste of uptown went well... we hope to see all our followers new and old come and visit today!
Aw, nobody in the real world uses metadata anyway.
#ireallycantstandwhen when people ask me to search on the internet for something, have you heard of ?
Anything worth having in life does not come easy.
see, you're right on track :)
so, this time we need to hide our mumbazo tribal vases under the sink.
that's good!! As long as u kick ass at them! Show the guys females do everything better!
trying to make a livin, and doing the best you can? ;)
Its a Crooks & Castles jacket.... He wears their ski mask in the video too.
Accompanying my boss at Metropolitan Water District fighting against rate increases.
The difference between taking baby steps and acting small, is that one prepares you for success, the other for a fall.
I missed Zach's awkwardness <3
My sister had her baby(: she's so pretty! Eliza Jayne<3
did i even see you today? D:
Syncing audio — the great unifier. (Get it?)
Design lovers rejoice: Pantone introduces 336 new colors in 'The Plus Series', for a new total of 1677 colors!...
Heading to L.A. to tape the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson.
and im always like huggin u guys so ya lol oops <3
"I'm right 95% of the time and most times I'm right 100% of the time" Bobby Reynolds
The World&#39;s 50 Best cars - from Jaguar to Porsche
Too many grits
damn dude
To buy the truth And sell a lie The last mistake before you die So don't forget to breathe tonight Tonight's the last so say good-bye
Oh haha :) Your welcome? 😊
you have a fantastic ass
At final rehearsal for #FaithfulCentral's Good Friday night production. Mad I'm gonna miss #Scandal when it's on--thank God for the DVR.
LOVE my ladies!
back in action. the studio received a gift.
Hair cut, mani, pedi, massage, eyebrows. CHECK. Now dying my hurrrrrr. 😌
": I want some good head in this cold weather"
feeling like everyone is starting their summer hours today but me :( I should be outside right now, strike that, at the beach right now.
We are, too. Glad you like it!
Woah haven't been on in awhile
Gluten-free bread and pasta: Purchased.
kinda hoping this is one of those days where you lose count and answer more than 5.
D-backs/Royals...really?
Cupcake time!
I'm excited about it. It's something everyone will love and even if they don't, they'll still feel the magnitude of it
Hard work makes your tired!.....going hard after your passion keeps you motivated!!
Just got finished working @ Elfriede's Fine Fabrics in Boulder. Its a treat when I get to sub for an employee, we got in some new stuff too!
Vicky turned us into a Target parking lot on the way out of Boston, so...we're buying some socks
Will Downing's over-singing a bit.
68 days until the desert and
Happy to help out a fellow #archivist w/ #saa11 conference highlights!
Big bank take Lil bank...
Zombie by The Cranberries is very, very underrated song.
Employee empowerment + innovation go hand in hand. Profits, customer sat, loyalty follow: etc. cc
Well. Nice try, #caps. Thanks for letting me enjoy some games this season.
seeing your mom cry <
Liz We love your articles. Hope you'd tell us what your thoughts are on Patients Rating Hospitals! Works for every other consumer.
sweet! Parkway bowl! Im heading there in like an hour. Im out front of lestats chillin right now.
Yes.. I stopped playing xbox to talk to her(:
Hope you had a nice new year celebration! Happy 2012!
Dan Aykroyd has mild Asperger's.
Thank you seniors! Great season & careers! Good luck!
Ready to judge the 19 #sales competitors at #Calpoly San Luis Obispo - winner heads to the
This rally is a waste of time.
Man I wish I knew the answer
Hey my twitter family, this saturday is gorgeous! What are you doing? Best of all have fun and enjoy this weekend -chatting soon see u on
lol @ you freaking out about madison saying you're nice.
I wish they would have showed that fan getting tackled on the #Jets field... Hopefully he makes
I believe in the People that Believe In Us! Our People, Our Communites. Our Future! The Collective Voices-2012-
wow... Were there jalapenos involved
it doesn't give anything away. And last night was ahhhhhmazing. Thank god we have game of thrones to tide us over until season 3
lovely snow, see you in just a few hours
Woo hoo! Way to go social girl!
yes he does, it's called a yoke, and he also has rudders.
LMAO I don't eat the puddy cat dam sho not a bloody one
it was only goat cheese, so maybe a half-bummer.
that is beautiful! Mine made me a keychain! I love my kids
They think the same of me.
I miss you... ALOT. No not you, the"old" you.
I love watching
Hope Michel comes back soon!
Hallo everyone
all the sneakers will #walk at noon and we are entered in a drawing for a prize too. Cool #incentive!
Congrats! 2011 AA Juco Showcase participant ": Tyler Larson (6-3) of Casper College has committed to South Dakota"
me+yuu=always an awesome time
Pshh it's their friend or whatever. Idc who they hang with
Wavy beers on deck
pretty much, PS CS5 Master Suite covers and does more then Lightroom which is more of great all in one package.
count sheep!
To failure, therefore, our travellers had to make up theirminds
You can't really trust Harry's Avengers review because he thought Attack of the Clones was amazing....
I love your hair color
Mothers day weekend coming up. Are you ready with your plans.
Politikr provides unbiased candidate views on critical world topics like abortion and wolves.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Cheating is a choice, not a mistake."
well stop asking your sister to do it then geez... or wear a diaper next time buddy
Johnny Damon signed with The Indians.. Let's go Cleveland?
Dang! Mauricio looks good in black!
cool- check your email.
Know of anygood accident story? We would like to give away free promotions to those with the best story!
Worst I ever felt about a Bulls playoff win. Praying for the MVP.
If you replace g's with q's, then you might have to stop right the fuck now. Thanks.
& my grandma always take up for him !!
-i want my man to have the best of the best.. i have that us against the world mentality; but if you lose my trust, you lose my dream..
is this the same Calilewis from Koreatown Mexican Orphange?
: This is pretty cool. Thanks!
So did Hart's error not actually end up costing any runs there? Weird.
Please recycle... We recycle 100% of all our paper.
Scripts are written, video is getting edited-- it's about time to wake up with Good Day Oregon! Join us from 4:30 to 9:00 this morning!
It has pictures!
If Young Preezy was riding the "diversity" "Kenyan-born" thing thru Harvard Law, it would explain all the secrecy.
Thanks for the #FF...I hope your weekend is awesome!
Sustainable life change happens through improved living/working conditions, nutrition, healthcare, and education.
TOMORROW NIGHT ONLY get 1/2 off our pepperoni, sausage & peppers, or eggplant & fennel pizza. PASSWORD: *Dine in only.*
what website should I use to start a blog?
YESS. too late. :D
Too bored!!
How many auditions have you done this week?
I wish we could all get along like we used to I wish I could bake a cake filled with rainbows and smiles and everyone would eat and be happy
every story I want to submit for WNPA has one common tie...I'll let you guess what it is.
My girl's iPhone is set on shuffle and it just played Across the Universe (Beatles) and the Bowie version back to back. Weird!
just switched here too. Uh oh... Seems to be going in and out. Weird. I think they have some signals crossed.
i luv so much my dream is for her to follow me! when that happens i dont care if i died young or get banged by a car!
A flight i gotta see her travle all across the world just to meet her travle to LA or maybe to the bay come to chi-town...
Great call! I'm doing the same.
Laid under the North Carolina stars and thanked the Lord for such an amazing weekend! but SO SO stoked to get home to
I'm good! Getting ready to do some school work. How have you been? :)
Shout out to my NEW hoes! *Meek Voice*
Awesome! Thanks for the support!
@ my icon i just love him. k.
my hometown's alt. rock radio station had a program called "mandatory metallica"... but i was always pushing for "necessary nirvana".
shouldve kept 2 yourself “: Hit a bird with my car and now I can't stop worrying I'll never be able to adopt a child.”
why are you writing that so much ?
So true!! RT : True strength is keeping everything together when everyone expects me to fall apart.
I want to meet the person that stole my identity, I'm so curious how they did it.
Website is Currently Under Construction...Follow Us and Like Us on Facebook for Up to date info on products and advise
Set your DVR's. I'll be appearing on the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on Friday, January 7th. Woo hoo! #craigyferg #talk show
Happy Mother's Day :)
Denver nuggets TY Lawson got that T.Y. Hilton speed. 11-0 to open against Lakers
thanks so much!
RT fake asab ; how im fake?
should bring me some comida 
G'morning. Thanku for the RT. :) Many blessings to your Monday
There is no one, and surely no entire people, in whom the image of God has been utterly extinguished. -Walter Wink
are you talking about the #eatmobile @ omsi? We are looking forward to it!
hanging with my big little guy Logan at the movies..love the $3 cinema $7 for us 2 get in..$14 for a popcorn n a coke..theater rape
Busy day.
With all 'due' respect, anyone who thought Trump was serious is as dumb as a bag of rocks. He's a two-bit grifter with no ethics or morals.
It's hard to perform well if all you think of is losing.
She's making chocolate chip cookie dough cake 😍😳🎂🍰
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 81
my cha cha in 10 minutes. yikes!!!!! still looking for support from maybe ??
Hello twitter
yes indeed!! but i heard u were in cali
YO MUFF IS CABBAGE! (goddamn auto correct)
Coming soon to Chicago Feb 4th Be There!!
Thanks for the RT!
can I get a happy birthday to? ;) and possibly a follow?
“: “: Now we know PM is in AZ. What's the chance he still sign with the Broncos?”90%” awesome!
has pasta with pancetta, dandelion greens, chili and sheep's milk feta on the menu tonight. Plus patio open!
just wrapped the last work day of the year...and i'm on vacation. 2012 will be big. in the meanwhile, chill the champagne.
lol maybe they'll pull out another Ginger White
Lilac Fest Classic: The Buddhahood ~ Worry Tune ~ Dance along with the Festival Guy!
There's some guys falling to the #Broncos here, what happens?
You can't drink all day if you don't start drinking in the morning.
Wife en route to Ecuador; I am home with 3-yr old and an epic head cold. I now understand why my father always had that look on his face.
No but I wish
whats her twitter?
Lynn Austin has a lot of accolades from fellow inspirational authors ... her new one is WHILE WE'RE FAR APART
haha, dirty knickers or a scarification??? im feckin lost!!
RT : Get Gott Gourmet delivered! Call at 504-644-3512. Only thing better than our restaurant is eating in your PJs!
Happy Thursday! Just posted several new paintings and a few will pop up on our kids calendar soon!
Sorry. Just got this. Obviously yesterday. You should have all of your credentials. RT : When's media day my man?
Came to work & forgot my milk for my cereal
aww you mushy people are mushing up my twitter feed.
will do at 3:15, sad.
Its hard for me to trust ppl, but for some reason, when he reassures me that everything is fine... I actually believe him :-)
sounds like a good shot recipe.
Thanks for the re-tweet! We are just a little startup so everything helps! YOU ROCK!!
the site and API supports cycling as well, so this would work for that, too.
You're a dumb ass.
I have them for Internet and cable. Bill minus boxes is like 80, 30 of which is Internet. A la carte wouldn't beat a $50 bill
Exhausted. Been awake for more than 12 hours already.
just because today sucked doesn't been tomorrow will suck
ready to drink yet?
What do think about our 2012 BHM Honorees? Which one is your favorite?
Thanks! RT : Came across your Schnittke recording on YouTube ... Sounds great! Hope to hear more when I'm in Seattle.
I may ban the NFL in my house this year if they don't
Guys if y'all follow me and u don't follow back I'm sorry cuz sometimes I don't have wifi
EVERYBODY LIKE MY FAN PAGE
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger!
Trying to decide where to travel for my next photographic adventure. I need to venture out of Cincinnati. I was thinking Kentucky?
we need a flight tracker for #peytonwatch! Or is he already in Denver?!
is rocking today!!!! :P
My bowling teammates brought me a cookie cake for my birthday.
So, everything I read states Lent fasts come to an end today. Previously I waited until Easter... Your thoughts ?
What about The Band?
Enjoying the remainder of my apple pie. Where is the #vivaldiclub when you need them?
Has been possessed by Cartman's hand? Oh gawd, here we go again.
Everybody has a Beastie Boy memory. Mine is listing to "Girls" and "Brass Monkey" in my college buddy's GTI.
Hello back and thanks for the mention!
I highly recommend October 25th.
So much constructive energy here. Many thanks to Johanna Drucker, Kurt Fendt, and my fellow participants for inspiring me.
sometimes a helping of salt is exactly what you need
Street Racing Suspected in Fatality Auto Accident
Man they should have the dunk contest and the allstar game all in one...who agree???
you might think that it's a cynical world but there are oasis' of joy all around us. :)
Ghost Town just came on the PA where I'm getting lunch
wow, my 76 yr old grandma is calling the guy up to bat for st.louis a Pussy
Good morning world . Working on me n my problems but I am highly favord n the lord this morning . For my daughter and beautiful dad love ya
MIL-TOWN Reppin' Hard....make a stop through the City of Brew
Did you fulfill your dream of taking your dad and son to a Dodgers game?
I've never gotten into instapaper, oddly. I've tried. I use Pinboard.in for bookmarks then peruse the unread ones online.
An all hand meeting where those on vacation and scheduled off are encouraged to attend. That's always a good thing, right? Right? Oh crap!
Are you going to post notes from Mike Dunlap on your blog?
I've learned over the last few days that cat-sitting is about as interesting as I'd imagined. I'm on a couch, watching House Party...hoorah
There is so much good in the world. Stop for a minute and enjoy it!
Sadly my dumbphone was exchanged for a RadioShack gift card!!
workout is perfect dear! Lot of cardio! And thanks to the 150 toes to bar we did lasts week, the 60 KtoE today was easy!
For additional training information and/or training appointments/reservations please contact Keli Andrea directly at: 317.284.1299 ext 303
Life goal: to someday work at a place that allows streaming media. This gamecast situation is not workin' for me.
"hi, is this ? it's george zimmerman." "george! how you holdin' up, brother?" "not so good. hey, you got hal turner's number?"
Got out the shower this morning.Just shaved, and Now im packing for Victorville.
made states ;)
How do homeless people sleep In this weather. Poor them
You can't be serious?
has a show coming up at the Hi-Tone Cafe in #Memphis So excited to have that weekend with :) Gonna jam & cry.
Anyone out there realy enjoy: Locked up Abroad?
I'm not so sure that doing #HBO #HardKnocks would be a good idea for the Jets this season
Hey tweetlings thought I'd say I love y'all :)
I hate people who mix up 'there', 'their' and 'they're'. It's worse than not knowing the difference between your left and write.
Hi Katie - let's connect and DM details for WIF12.
Happy Birthday :)))
haha, true! Maybe I'm just upset at the half-assed delivery!
School needs to be over man .
Going to the Drive-in again!!!
Text marketing is on! Jump in now or limp in later!
Now she's staring at me. Uh oh.
Have a mtg at noon....it is campaign mtg so not likely to be over in an hour. I hate missing an oppty to be on show
Start here on New Year's Eve & end here on New Year's Day..we'll take good care of you with great food, fast service, & #hangover remedies
i have to start tweeting more, this is tough.
Back to school tomorrow. On a positive note, it's only one week closer to the end of school. Can't wait. Night!
next time bring ol to west TX with u so we can show him how it's done rIght
MAY BABIES STAND UP! It's OUR time! :)
I will never forget this day. <3
Congrats to the TWO winners of the 1-year AMC movie passes -- that's right we had two :)
RT : u can't fake culture in recruiting but can u evolve by hiring ppl who embody who u want 2b?
Lifetime Movies and Jims breakfast sandwiches. Great start to a Saturday before work.
Watching Bad Girl Club
Happy LP Thursday. Come listen to records or bring you own! Special wine tasting at 7pm tonight-all Organic/Biodynamic wines. Enjoy!
And I'm so sick of love songs, so tired of tears. So done with wishing you were still here.
YEA WE WILL MAN. IF YO BOYS GO GAME TO OKC FOR GAME 5 2-2 THEN ITS STILL ANYBODY SERIES.
Just remembered me and brittany made a drinking game of rock paper scissors last night for at least ten minutes too long.
If your child knows every song on the radio but can't spell RADIO then you ass a parent need your ass whooped then you can kill yourself.
Yes...about 20 Avon drumline kids
well what up though!! on Twitter!!
not at all .
In 2002, #MayoClinic in Rochester, MN found that #optimistic people decreased risk of early death by 50%...compared to those with pessimism.
dude- is that true?
“Music lessons, and even simply listening to music, can enhance spatial reasoning performance, a critical higher-brain function for math"
the person that invented peanut butter filled pretzels is my new hero.
it sounds cool!
“: 27 more days & we will be open right now!! We can't wait! See you May 5th!”
BTW, the last Tweet's photo is courtesy of Brian Lawson, longtime Arizona resident and friend of Fairways + Greens. Obviously.
Yeah, you are right about that.
Happy early birthday. :)
Tony Bennett you are the Absolute man,Dean Tony and Frank the Best of all time.Much Love Tony...Salute:)
Ok will do babe.
Doing religion homework on the buss
This is what we try to do with our art: "I promise to make you so alive that the fall of dust on furniture will deafen you." Nina Cassian
Thanks for the
If I miss another Liam Paynes twitcam I am going to cry!!! :'(
I cant do this anymore. i didnt do anything to you.!! im gonna break down.!
Thank you so much! Means a lot. :) <3
TeleCommunication Systems Awarded Three Contracts to Deliver Cyber Security Solutions for U.S. DoD
didnt clean my room yesterday. I guess ill do it today.
MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER : D
What happen to Bless the Fall?
Do you have an order number?
It's a nice day... Imma take to the prison lmao
Yotes get a goal with too many men... Briere gets the game changer while horribly offside... where ya at stripes?!
I can't believe I didn't realize that Sunday was my 3-year blogging anniversary. I've come a long way, baby :)
your dance was beautiful. Great job you two
Red Box is garbage
Surprised REI Boulder doesn't rent white gas stoves in winter. Butane is bad news in the cold. Shipping mine out to meet me.
I think I have a concussion.
On my knees tonight...sincerest thanks for his vital service to this country!
is on Spo Says today on Listen into hear about Bujak and
If you say you can't here me because I'm mumbling, then you will just have to listen more carefully to my mumbles.
Who's coming to the for the Cure this Sat at 12 pm to raise money for the Heather Pick Spirit Fund?
LaDo Fitness Program Coming Summer of 2011..... This program will be offered in Houston,Texas & Kansas City, Missouri...
that's crazy, I wish I'm in town, so we can hang out, when are you back to Gallup?
Stop the hate congratulate, you know my name so eat some cake. (:
Could the Falcons have the worst hands of any NFL defense?
#Str8LykeDes... Damn that nap my niece & I shared was absolute extra fye..
Cn you guys please please follow me ???????<3
Promoting www.houstonpcguru.com/biz
For the record, we are firmly against Michael Bay's interpretation of the Ninja Turtles and offended by his remarks for us to "Chill out."
so...am I supposed to eat this pit?
hahahahah who knows..
Wynne Prize winner Susan White's Salamander Bay. Source: Supplied - The Australian
Good point! Ha.
If you live in california and dont have a car, sadly youre going nowhere.
im from orlando florida....hbu
oh, sexy!
Ugh school tomorrow
Offer your feelings up to the most loving spirit, where your feelings are received like a symphony sung from your heart.
It's pretty freakin' cool :)
sounds like a plan man
Smith's box set gets released on my ex-wife's birthday.
Ceaser didnt see it so he ceased to exist, so the nigga that killed him had keys to his shit
Dr. Arroyo presents solutions for ED and Male Incontinence at St. Anthony Hospital in Gig Harbor
RT : Know yourself as a blogger. Know your community. #latism11 "Win-Win Brand-Blogger Relationship panel"
Got it, thanks!
UCLA wins the Pac 12 South, they must beat USC or Oregon to earn a bowl berth abd save Neu's job!
First whistle is blown!
Congrats! We just won best in show at the Yard, Garden & Patio Show!
The Funk is loud (my ears are still ringing). George Clinton at StageAE tonight was great.
I've got to rewatch that movie.
$100 says bnfkdb4 will show up to try and halt the run of $FBCD
pieces of a real heart
"There is no public education without arts education." - LAUSD School Board Member Steve Zimmer
This might be the best shooting i have seen from downtown since #WILDBILLREICHE!!!!!!!
Writing is a way of talking without being interrupted. ~Jules Renard
The Used, self titled album <3
Colorado, no question. We did direct tv internet 15 mi from the nearest paved road, deep in Pike Nat. Forest for 6 mos.
hey so the knitting class meets at the small table.if evening is better for u let me know. Any time is good for me on wed.
: my hypothesis: the cost crisis cannot be solved from within. each dollar saved is a dollar of someone's income lost
Thanks for providing the cover image for our post about the eviction.
someone go delete my twitter off this kids phone
Coffee crumble!☺
You're gonna catch me in followers n I'm gonna be jealous. Take a walk with me. I need all of yall to come n take a walk with me.
Sometimes, the best things in life are not things at all ... but the people who make you feel loved and cared for
I don't want to go to volleyball tonight waaahh
Josh Hamilton has hit 14 home runs this season, the San Diego Padres have hit 12.
whoa! Please tell me u just left hair/makeup... If not, prayin 4 u bro.
$.99 pints of Ben & Jerry's ice cream tonight! Coupon code: "bj99"
nice throw pillow, adds deathly flair and the papers every is a headache :P nice controler!
when the next time u off I'm in lex right now I caught a flat and I have to stay lol
well ya with wins, but ERA has nothing to do with a high powered offense.
lmao all we would do was bag on her naked mole rat ass hahaha
Tim, thanks for following me!
There is no such thing as a "Christian Education". Anything Christian called 'education' is actually indoctrination. Value your intellect.
My limit of hunting boots with gym shorts and coal miner reflective shirts has been exceeded #southwestvirginia problems
Is voodoo sound supported on the galaxy tab 7 plus?
Non mother fucking factor
85.5k to end the day. Amazing field.
- hope I aint gotta work friday or saturday . O_o
WHERE THE F'ING HELL IS AL SHARPTON ON THIS?
thank you for making my day a thousand times better loveeyou❤
Outkast was the right choice for that run. you've no idea how many hills that curly Georgia drawl's gotten me up the last 12+ years.
drum players would make good helicopter pilots
Anyone up and wanna hang out?... I'm bored and not tired.
I guess it's sad to say I've been pushed to the ground so many times it starts to feel like home ...
you will be the first to know!
I have to lay in my bed for a few minutes before I actually get up.... It's been about 20 min. Lol
oh god... That made me so angry, I was glad to see you comment on it haha
very fitting for the season, indeed.
it's natural to be selfish but being human means you have the ability to fight your instincts
The perks of being a wallflower.
y did does people in bradenton fla get screwd?#nasa space center
ShelfX's Vending Fridge nixes the cashier, uses QR codes, RFID to 'know what ... - Engadget
I have a portable DVD player that I have no need for. I think I'ma try to sell it. And some DVDs that I no longer want. I'll give those away
Not to pitpick, but- Knicks, Jazz, and Suns got denied by Jordan's Bulls? Don't you have to throw the Pacers in that mix too?
i would love to live in miami! Haha IL is not so much fun either
I'm pretty sure in 2 years I'll be settled in a new town with new people & new beginnings .
Any pics? RT : Crushed the Scotland 10k race. What a fantastic run in central park.
Ask Jacksonville they drafted a Punter in the third round,we will be in the Playoffs again,conten.for #7,we will be fine,
Nf follow back (:
I don't like this feeling</3
Don't be such a 2 hr course reserve.
nice work
Getting pumped for Glee tonight. First time I've ever watched it in Canada:)
I just coped my first pair of Toms. I'm slowly climbing the ladder to be back on top. Toms this week car, and IPhone next week
Considering KFC and a cupcake for dinner bc sometimes I can't encourage myself...
Probably for the same reason that people keep asking if my library has a book "in stock". Commercial mindset?
Looks like the #notFNcute family suffered a great loss last night. 's Romeo fell off the counter and broke.
that is true
Ron Paul is awesome!
I texted you if your number is still the same.
I can't lololo it's hard -.- oh brother
How much did they have to pay to do a depends commercial?
Message to Twitter followers, please be sure to "Like" All Marble Restoraton LLC Facebook page.
Haha I'm no pro but I got some tricks up my sleeve. Sadly I can't help those people. A magician never reveals his secrets!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. – Winston Churchill
The heavy cross, our weight of sin
dude on craigslist right now got a DS pair for 325..size 11.5 tho.
that video was awsome u and did a wonderful job..... ur #1 FAN.. Hope u have a great day.
What is your favorite icebreaker/community building exercise on the first days of class?
I understand TFA can fill a need in schools that can't retain teachers. However, it seems to b a bandaid, not a cure to the systemic issues.
Poor customer service destroying U-S companies. The inability to communicate and resolve issues will lead to their downfall.
great run with the brother ! movies later with aunt nellie! Happy Easter everyone !
#describeyourpeniswithamovie If I had one Joe Dirt
Chapter 2012 Page 58 of 366 Note to self, instead of judging or complaining transfer that energy into a solution.
I'm following on my MLB app - did Conrad attempt to bunt on any of his strikes?
Jesus, Dude. You're standing next to an empty ant farm. Duh! Do the math.
Bidders conference at Illinois Department of Human Services said they would post answers to Qs asked. 3 weeks later, no answers posted.
Dudes working harder on their swag then their music = why most rap sucks these days.
Trying to find the perfect balance between "super fit chic life" and "super fun world traveller mama chic life" Not as easy as I'd hoped :(
Enjoy! I've watched them all-everyone was great!
I want to go back to Florida
First night viewing Hot Stove on MLB network. Starting to feel like baseball again.
Great day skiing, grilled steaks for dinner and now enjoying sitting in front of a fire. Good times
Right there with you Armen
Congrats to the winner of the #NFLDraft Sweepstakes ! Check your DMs for info on claiming your 2 tickets. See you Friday!
On plane in Sacramento from #stc11 to Lubbock and #nar11. Was a great STC Summit. Look forward to sharing with TTU PhD colleagues.
Too much less sleep and too much more gym noww. :(
Small Business Internet Marketing Expert, Francis Ablola, to Speak at Major ... - Houston Chronicle
every girl has her own special recipe that makes her miss extraordinary!
I had to.work lol
Oh. I wanna play! Haha
While no large-scale reforms have come to the arena of immigration in some time, many have pledged to do something about this stagnation.
Short Love Quotes including TIME:
Sometimes just one song can explain every single emotion you feel.
So when can we expect the winds to pickup in Rio Rancho, up on the mesa it can sure blow
KevinFu is here.
Birthday is in two days!
I have an 10 yr old 4 yr old stepson an twin girls on the way
U ain't playing nobody but yourself.
cant wait for the new shake it up and mikeys bday in 7 days
Follow Friday: , , , , and because it IS Friday after all:
can't believe my little boy is growing up!
I'm still alive! We can keep up through insta or twitter!
yeahh. Do you ?
thanks ! Please let's hangout soon ! :)
Cuz in the end your always gonna disappoint someone no matter what decisions you make
#WhyDoHoes blame it on the alcohol so much........Even if its 1 shot lmao "Bitch why am I soo faded right now"
Attention Portland! Our show with was moved to the Hawthorne theater tomorrow. Don't be a dork and show up at the wrong spot!
#GREATWORK! ONE HELL OF A YEAR
English "this is one of this days when everything goes wrong and I just want to die and idk that word
Truly awful idea.
#what2ChainzWouldWay 2 CHAINZ... I BEEN A MAN!!! selling drugs TEN A GRAM.. SPICE EM UP... CINNAGRAMS.... Den take a pic!! INSTAGRAM!!!!
3 S's and I'm out for the count...
about what?(:
I do no answer...
Is Mourdock's last name pronounced just like Rupert's? Question from Wisconsin morning news!
Check the ice cream flavors: PB Banana Buster, Dark Chocolate Cherry, Butter Pecan, Blue Moon, Birthday Cake...
If u see the eyes of an Avatar you are changed for ever, fastens your evolution towards Super Conciousnessm in my video there are 7 Avatars
Finished the last of a stack of Cadfael mysteries, now I'm homesick for the 12th century.
Listening to Interpol in my car; don't want to get out.
#RIP Chuck Brown
if we buy a tik there will it be $75 + fees or do the fees not apply if u buy in person? Also, is Saturday close to sell out?
“ "A good laugh is sunshine in the house." ~William Makepeace Thackeray”
I'm in the shade in a garden, with two very calm and adorable guinea pigs. I need a large umbrella and lemonade.
Excited to pamper myself 😊
On the menu for tonight: dark chocolate & vodka...because i can.
but waiting takes too long , huh ?
Thanks for following, Tym! I saw you off in the distance yesterday, but didn't get a chance to say hi! ~Kenneth
Disney universe!
don't forget to make my plate sir 😉
Very close lol
A Milania on #RHONJ and a Melania in #RHOC. What a funny coincidence. Never noticed before.
Hey my fav gal!!! It's been forever. We have to catch up
You're so kind. Thank you. Will be sure to add in that BONUS essay!
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 42
then punch the seat. just not people.
This one is certainly worth the RT!
Hahahaha. new icon :)
50% off 2 tickets to the Rosebid Cinema - head to www.crowdclick.com to get yours!
Somebody just called asking who I'm voting for. Just kidding, like I'll ever get polled :p
So, paper and digital recipes can be resized, added to menu plans, grocery lists, carried with you on mobile
your welcome, and no problem I'd love to read your story... thanks for the follow! =) <3
Cirque tix in Orlando.
Listening to talking about the eText initiatives at Madison. New Internet2/Educause pilot
Good Morn Biebs ! Have an #EPIC Holiday Season ~ Loving the Christmas Spirit #Mistletoe has brought to our Fam #ThankUJB!
“: I planned on going to bed early tonight... #fail” I could have told you that wasn't going to happen
The schedule for our first record is done. Look out for a street date of May 15th!
Laying down in bed, I wanna cuddle. Where is my hubby?
Turn up the music cause this song just came on 💗
#Giro From Bevagna to Foligno, ruler-straight: this is the ancient Roman Via Flaminia, and when they could, they liked their straight roads.
Oh snap, #pinterest is finally starting to make sense to me
First fox #UFC was good. Barry should have gotten out of the pocket.
May that be a lesson to anyone who thinks about wearing backpacks to press conferences.
Im eatin subway today u wnt me to save u some lol?
Help I'm watching another GOP debate.
Just trying to get one computer to work right. If I succeed at that, it'll be a good day.
Some nights, only David Bowie will do!
followed -anna
Dramatic cost reductions in #3D printing may proliferate the
I got it
What's the King 5 thing? Do they still have openings?
REMINDER: SPRING GAME Creighton Mens Soccer vs Minnesota Stars FC - NOON today! At South HS Stadium - Free! BE THERE!!!
hahaha well I didn't have his number !
IKR! :-) So Im thinking about having this "Exclusive" Party real soon >:-) lol
yep! Free beer on !
RT : Buffalo X-Wings
10 more minutes!!
shostakovich in the morning, shostakovich in the evening, shostakovichat supper time...when shostakovich is on a bagel you can eat him
IN THA LUNCH ROOM TOMMAROW I SHOULD TAKE MY SHIRT N SEE WAT MY BABY GONE DO...
I love both of my smart babies !
Almost half an hour til CCTV America with Mike Walter...then at 9:30 EST, catch me on "Americas Now".
- I love Dracula's Daughter! I hope that someday you write the rest of the song :)
#dtc354 the symbolism of mythical space conjured thoughts of the body and blood of christ thru communion. ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
Thanks to Ald Zielinski for shout out to Democratic Party & me, and to Ald Hines for the love to Nation Consulting, during ur speeches.
hey get my voicemail? Bye ;)
Smile....it confuses people
Follow for good wing joints in Wisconsin
Bond Street Social in Baltimore great food, good vibes, good people
night liam! had so much fun!
The Wizards beat the Lakers?? (Gasps).... Shut down the mf'n presses!!
You're that desperate?
Think It's a good idea for me to be decked out in gear at the Rockies game Sunday? Well #idgafff #ThinkBlue (;
Have a Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Maybe Cats should have just intentionally walked Rhymes today and pitched around him #hindsight thoughts
you have 24 hour reference?
Thanks for the RT! Are you now happily jobless?
Oh yum, that looks awesome. Thanks Steve!
It's not raining yet it's rain rouylte. #WhatIsThis?!
Now you're just trying to make me jealous...
Silence is a girl's loudest ry , you know she's really hurting when she starts ignoring you . <3
You guys I was KILLIN that MJ Experience game!! Speed Demon, Smooth Criminal, and Beat It & omg it was FUN Y'ALL
you have no idea how much time i've devoted to studying the titanic. and no idea how much i LOVE the way this looks.
I'm going to get my life together Soon...In Jesus name
Boxer Bob Satterfield's Grandson Marco Brent is 18 today.
you boys at the women's game?
Finally getting around to watching #snl with and have not stopped laughing. Great idea bringing him back.
yea sure whatever hater p.s ur username is dumped i seen better ones
Getting ready to head over to in a bit for soundcheck. Should be a fun show tonight! Pumped to hear Starts at 8p.
because they are #sweet... haha
U don't need a lot of $ 2 have great style!
well i figure arrogance is the only way to overcompensate our tiny packages ;)
": everything about this makes me happy." Is that a nose ring?
i know im late but as soon as i get a show over there! lol
eh it happens dude!
yesterday me and my big bro sang international love there was lik 20 people watching us i sang the pitbull parts and he did the chris brown
do you intentionally tweet things that make me cry?
You picked a great time to visit Maui! Hope to see you in December!
We are a brewery where people create new brands every day. About to make labels for our friend Lefty's Irish Red!
Its almost time for a new piece lowkey... LMFAO
Not as excited as I am about my upcoming mid-50s! GHAAAAAA!!!!!!!
Kind of happy we are losing 4 people outside. Get to see new faces and get way more hours.
Our Saturday nights are mirroring each other's, except mine also includes stomach-cramp-inducing Chinese food
Phil puts the ugh in Hughes.
"When them niggas left..ARD! It got alil bit chilly..but i jus letem burn like the end of a phillie."
Chilling in the cold smfh
Great for #DNation & #runners "You're never too old, never too bad, never too late and never too sick to start from the scratch once again"
The new #kickstarter campaign already has its first couple of backers! Now I need to come up with a creative post for you all to RT. :)
Travel Deal: $161 Roundtrippers this weekend out of Cleveland: NYC, Philly, DC, & more.
what was the story about?
I agree ;-) what else do you think?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your not following me for funny tweets
I would honestly be scared of anyone who had orgasms over #dragontattoo. Maybe just a poor word choice?
what is it about the holidays that makes me hate being single :( :( bah-humbug lol
#FireShanahan #FansForConsistency needs to be fired for his inconsistency
Lookin like a star like a diamond, lookin like a star girl your shinin you got all that i need...
Winterhawks WIN 5-3 over Rockets! Sweep series & move on to 2nd Round of the WHL Playoffs (Rattie Scores 4 Goals)
Bay Area Band with 5 Grammys? Gotta be Green Day.
Couldn't sleep last night, I was so glad that What about Bob was on HBO
Great night in Lville with Tony, Tim and Pudge. Good times during the NCAA Tourney. See u Saturday-BH
I would like to thank our cast and ;)
Alright, maybe I will Be Renewed!
thanks. It's silly I've been Googling my many names for too long. ha ha
I always like your thoughtful tweets! RT : if you like people's work, tell them.
Lil mama I love you soo much I love your hair this season on ABDC and I love your and you love ICONic Boyz Plzz Follow and Reply
Obedience is the key to real faith. - Chuck Colsn
His spells won't work until he turns 10 and gets his owl from Hogwarts! Isn't that the way it works?
Just realized that my Roman-numeral bracelet (from a thrift store) contains a typo! Its sequence is XII, I, VI, XI. Last # should be IX.
really. UK and US is trending. All these damn Directioners are so pissy.
I fear that I am just a man. This is my panic! This is my call to arms!
Watching #Prohibition on and loving every minute of it.
Pitch was a tad high...but moving. would have been really late on the swing.
haha that's pebbles :P she's always up to something :P lol
Five days in counting :)
Who sucks at Super Smash Bros? This girl.
Cute. How was the trip?
realized that my hair looks like George Stephanopolis, the Clinton Years.
we just heard that tonight (thursday) @ 8 outside salon meritage will be a candle light vigil. please bring candles if you attend.
raiderville has officially begun!! If you wanna camp out, come to the field west of the ESS building!
Interested in learning more about the services/programs the Nonprofit Center offers? Register for"Helping You Help Others May 15 *FREE*
TS wants to do a master reset but again its my 4th warranty exchange n I don't wanna do that :(
I don't get how this stupid shit works I'm gonna need a twitter tutorial
One of our buyers just locked in at 3.75%!!!!!! WOOOOHOOOO!!!!!
Blame it on da Add Add Add Add Adderall
For why? RT : Eagles announce that they have signed QB Jacory Harris.
I just love bath/beauty products.....I need to stay away from Ulta and Sephora.
so funny
There's something fascinating about the nose of the Veramonte Ritual Sauvignon Blanc. It has a dried grass quality
Author writes great romances
lol 142 just on my iPhone
nothing cleaning You ?
Losing followers by the minute! Haha I'm never on sorry guys! :/
The good news is we found ur daughter; the bad news; we dropped a warthog on her...
Watched "Elf" for the first time in years and was shocked to see a younger, blonder . So
Going to DISNEYLAND!!!!!!
comes out on may 14. ~Sophie
#BlackOps2 World Reveal Trailer was Amazing The Future is Black!
& You Sir You Are Very Attractive Therefore I Will Stare At You... (;
Lol I dedicate my songs to everyone RT when are you going to dedicate a song to me?
I don't think I've ever seen someone simultaneously rock so hard and be as funny as Carrie Brownstein. Who's got time for that?
I don't give a Fuck!
A quote on automation from an old econ textbook: "one pretty machine does the work of a hundred pretty girls."
you guys are turning me on!
Excited about oppt'y to speak in the #VCE booth at #EMCWorld about how we do #Vblock in
Other than that, its NFL DRAFT DAY!!!!!! So so pumped!! :)
this guy is so awkward. hahaha.
ep!Ur welcome X) tht song is everything I felt but in a song! I love it!U guys shud come to bakersfield! Tht wud be awesome!
Anthony Davis just threw down!
I'm so proud of the 2nd year MA/MS students in MSU Mankato's Gender and Women's Studies Department defending their thesis projects!
Being a new parent...my absolute best resource for all "stuff" is - best shipping + price + customer experience I've encountered.
Wade just not feeling it today :/ but we got this (y)
I wonder if Peyton looks at last year's Broncos film & at this year's draft & thinks: "Really?! They drafted a QB? No help 4 me. Oops."
Merry Xmas hyun!
has given +K to
In total, 26 thoughtful and articulate applications to our Fellows program. This is going to be hard.
": Baby. RT : I want a pair of #Julia silhouette mudflaps for my truck." LMAO KEEP ON TRUCKING...
11 Top Celebs to Follow #1 of course, the amazing :)
deep fried french toast topped with strawberry cream cheese on special today Plus our regular brunch menu of course.
I need to Gain mhe some More followers... If you tell your followers to follow mhe ill give you a chout out in my shoutout video....
You and Alex are so cute together! Do you miss him when your not together? :)
He tryna tell me u can get cancer from smokin weed
Hello everyone at #futad!
#Swimming laps today&pushing it to the limit. Schedule is 4 days on & 3 days off for exercising! Works great for me! # days of #hottubbing!
HEY DRUM CIRCLE DIDGEREEDOOOOOON'T
Ain't No Experts Other than God! ~ Sir Charles Barkley
Do you, ? I find it annoying... it seems like it's designed not to be used.
Can't decide what annoys me more: that I didn't switch to a brown purse or that I'm annoyed that I didn't switch to a brown purse.
": ALL I WANT IS MC.DONALDS HASHBROWNS AND A CHOCOLATE SHAKE... IS THAT SO HARD" THAT ACTUALLY SOUNDS REALLY GOOD RIGHT NOW.
It's Choose You day tomorrow! Come out and play with us in Bryant Park, NYC (11-1pm), or The Hub in Bronx (2-4pm).
alright ima go. Text him though
Thank you for The follow. I look forward to your tweets.
"I feel so complete with you"
Good job Nico!
Goldy is getting a homer tonight.
i love the show Jessie with
draw a freaking card!!!!!
only because our mile adventure!!!!
I'm starting to think the real problem is is having second thoughts about releasing podcast
Okay, I admit it. Cabin in the Woods was pretty darned good.
So excited for my panel on "Working with Bloggers" at #cookbookconf. Hope you will all join me, or watch online (and Tweet questions!) 1:30P
I did this once and didn't realize it until I was walking away. I wanted to bang my head against a wall, such a dweeb move.
What is Tracy McGrady's purpose in the NBA now? He's obviously no longer a star, so what's the point?
RT UK Police Investigate Alleged Phorm Lunch With Officer: twoheadedboy writes "City of London Police are looking i......
glad to be one!!
Good Morning and Happy March! I hope everyone has been having a fruitful year thus far =)
Andrew Bynum is terrible at basketball. Pretty good at being tall & dopey though.
ah. my baby is turning 16 on Wednesday :'D
running behind schedule ray HW upgrades in process! Still with you and new #tech initiatives for
Join us for lunch! Try our newest lunch special: Orange Zest Chicken for only $8.25!
The way you carry yourself determines the kind of closed doors that your appearance and charisma can unlock.
I want coffee and ice cream :/
Watching a few DVDS..then back to writing.
ya he repiled to me so
Unlike some of yall fake people who only "love" your parents when Justin tweets about it, I actually love both my parents with all my heart.
21% of iPhone owners and 49% of iPad owners buy physical products on those devices. (via )
As long as humans continue to be the ruthless destroyer of other beings, we will never know health or peace
U r wateva ur forefathers and foremothers were! So I wud say that makes u a Moor(Muur)
Is like MTV obsessed with Trojan condoms?! Cause it seems like it's the only commercial there playing..
The class I'm in right now is so boring people are already falling asleep
how useless/writing seems/when you don't/map for silent/meaning
watch it on Netflix! It was like most popular like two week ago!
It's amazing how the first heartbreak changes your outlook on every relationship after that.
The gardens and the did a total make over! Have a lot of mythology which I love
Have you ordered from us online? Easy as 1-2-3
Oh, oh, nothing to revv you up for a debate like… STOCK UPDATES!
Eating your dried placenta...I don't think I could do that.
you all rock!!
No, it's not surprising that he flew off the handle like this. Bigger question is what happens next.
"East coast ain't got love for Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg?" I've obvi watched too many Tupac documentaries if I just thought of that at random.
Did you go to Dusty's Hair Salon?
He gone be so happy when he get his letter.
LET'S GO MOUNTAINEERS!!!!
107,600 to end Day 2 of the WSOP Main Event. Day 3 Thursday. Card dead last 3 levels and ran kinda bad... #WSOPDay3!
I'd say yes!
Austin mother & 12 year old son to be evicted Monday r seeking RV or apt for ~$300/month. Prefer RV as son suffers from Asperger's
Bubble bubble bubble, bubbles n da sea This is da place 4 u & 4 me Singin on da bottom of da ocean floor On our way frm da sandy shore
Great #Pacers win!
. will be using their Facebook as a discussion board to discuss issues plaguing women (love, sex, work, etc.)
You couldn't be more wong about what I was saying.
Give me a min ya'll
Great client of mine from NYC In NY and looking for a place to eat or have a glass of wine, check out Cavatappo....
How can I donate?!
MOM! hahaha! Yes, yes, yes! love it
now...if only you could defund the #SEC before they get hold of you
I bet can give advice!
Me and my puple huffy
Man I hate Mondays at work....too many crazii attitudes...
I use LinkedIn less for jobs and connections, and more for professional forums within groups of interest to me.
OMG OMG OMG. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO THINK.
thanks girls! A lot of them seem promising but I'm leery at this point of getting my hopes up :)
it wull definitely be a collaborative conversation! Excited to have you join us!
Nah - without Cheri Oteri at his side, he's nothing!
”Love is like a roller coaster,Once you have completed the ride,you want to go again”
haven't talked to me in forever! ^.^
Tomorrow we are to send homemade goodies. Mrs. Rlwegner quickly shot down #homebrew as an option.
Editing footage from one of the biggest Playboy Mansion parties ever while listening to insane Dubstep. There's really nothing else like it.
Use code: SIXTY for 30% OFF shirts! www.cafepress.com/cajoneswear
. . . be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life.
yea i missed everybody tho
Well ...If You Don't HEar Fm Em' Very Soon, May be a Good Ieea to Be That 'Squeaky Wheel' ;)
I'm so bad at sleeping in. :|
Because then it wouldn't be dramatic.
Ok your cool....
Remember the Days I use to be a Light-Weight.
your voice is amazing. :)
It's all for you. Every thing I do.
lawl don't die! I'm joining the convo! ;) -Ash
ap world project = done. everything else = still sitting there.
thank you. Whatever you have questions on, let me know. (:
SO SO SO excited for this upcoming week! Getting busy recording my EP!
it could also mean "an innocent face" :-) Of Splash they say they just released songs and are already "bashing in faces"
You are royalty....walk in it:)
Hey Patrick you know what's funnier then 24? What? 25!!
I will love the light for it shows me the way, Yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars - Og Mandino
Shout to the homey & for showing love at the Harlem Health Fair on 25th where my Aunt Rus & a bunch of others giving back
Man, the opti-grab was genius.
Up mixing down tracks
follow back please :]
Data Curation Fellows advisory brd members will also act as mentors--building up relationships and supporting fellows.
excited about my "family preservation 101" program this afternoon. resources from & are amazing.
I totally agree! Naps need to be more socially acceptable!
Game of Thrones is seriously good :)
Without me, it's just aweso.
would you mind sending one to me? hahah
All this snow makes me want to head to Boyne for the rest of the week! :)
Working fine here. Live site? link? What plugins do you have installed? Customizations to your .httaccess file or theme files?
MT A year from now, I plan to be at the #RoseBowl watching the #ArizonaWildcats Cat's 3-3-5 beats Oregon for league lead
"My independence which is my power, implicates loneliness, which is my weakness."--P.P. Pasolini
Oh shit, I can already tell this Documentary is gonna make me cry!!!!
Great news, everybody: I just signed a contract with EMI Music Publishing Portugal More great things will happen in 2012, so get ready!!!
Everyone please have a Happy & Safe 4th of July!
ok so the hottest girl at the bar and we are watching you
More popular with bears than women (not a bad thing, tbh) RT : there are also lots of hot guys in Police Teeth too!
come on Lynx!!
Thanks Mike. I'd say should practice a little restraint viral tactics.
#TeamNoSleep is a TT :) people of my kind! insomnia ftw lmfao (X
lmfaoooooooooooooooooooooooooo this isn't about you.
Lucky! RT : Just saw Michelle Pfeiffer and Johnny Depp arriving at Ellen. I like my job today:)
my house. You?
just posted a link to the Dressing Room 4 finale on my Facebook page
you know when you have a nice beat when it sounds good hahahah
Thanks for everything in Vegas. Pleasure to meet you. New Yorkers unite!
happy bday beautiful :) have fun and be safe!
I have! He's cool
Lol RT "PayPal. The world's most-loved way to pay and get paid." Uh huh, sure.
Hahah cross that one off the list
Many of my inside people are curious and optimistic about the potential under BB. 1/2
thank-you for the #followfriday mention. It is always appreciated!
Make sure to grab the $10 presale, it's gonna be $15 at the door!!
WORK...BACK 2 BUSINESS ....
You may not be aware- but a serving size of sushi is just one roll. We know! We're bummed about it to.
The In Living Color theme song was my favorite song.
"Life is the sum of all your choices." - Albert Camus
We ought to maintain the character of this area. It's critical we not destroy the places of beauty and grace that we have already.
Yeayyyyy repeats! Never gets old. :)
Getting my Dog the Bounty Hunter marathon on tonight. Kinda behind, cause i been busy. But better late then never. Right? haha
yea that was a lie, we're goin to drink at the terrace! Wanna come?!
You da best!
#gdc #GDC12 selling an all access pass to GDC. For the early bird alumni price. Email mstegman at FAS org
Loved chatting with the folks at last week at about how fun events are 4 #moms and #moms2be!
Wish I was in cinci for concert saw a pic of the setup that stage is dope surrounded by the city
Score! I will be in touch.
no official date set yet, shooting for the end of June
found it. I appreciate wat y'all are doing. Means a lot to me
1) "I am willing to be near ice cream" 2) "I am willing to smell ice cream" 3) "I am willing to eat ice cream" 4) "I love to eat ice cream"
But isn't a lot of Woody Allen about that process too? Annie Hall, Manhattan, etc.?
that did not just happen.
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day.
Guuurl be careful with that Sharon Osborne now that we all know the truth bout
It is safe to say that #Hannity show has now sunken to the level of a gossip magazine. Constant "shocking insights" into Obama life.
Can Wade score some points instead of being a punk?
When a band you love isn't together anymore :(
Hahah ...umm ouch...RT : "I refuse to believe that corporations are people until Texas executes one."
In his latest vlog, says he looks like he is in "Panic.. manic... " I thought that was pretty cool...
WTH #Gophers RT : Guys on ESPN radio 104.5 say chances of LSU hiring Tubby Smith VERY high. Hanagriff says 80%.
I know. I had to deal with 4 years of cutting because of it. Then I went to a MH too. Better now, but that didn't change society.
Awesome! Thank you! I'm so pleased you enjoyed it! Exclamation Point!
I'm a dude! Or, that's what Lindzi called me on her ranch RT If you're a dude and you love #TheBachelor retweet! Ain't no shame
I would, if I don't talk to you.
Chuckling at Vint "father of the Internet" opening keynote at
“: That awkward moment when someone says "you two should go out!" & you're just standing there like "...I wish"”
whats up twitter
Thanks! This is a film by another filmmaker. So cool to just focus on the part but kinda weird to not be producing.
A world of fucking art
" I guess you can't put a price on fun in a boring town." Words by Hahaha
Was very cold today
Goin to a football game
TRYING TO GET SOME MORE SHOW BOOKED FOR MY ARTISTS DOWN.THERE..SO NOT SURE....WAS GON COME NEXT WEEKEND..BUT NOT SO SURE
Justin now I'm reading your book, but I'm back here in Italy is hard to find but I find it amazing!
he could have just as easily thrown it to one side or another not straight back
Hey my Twitter followers, (all 12 of you), go 2 kupl.com; click on "Watch", then "KUPL Listener Blog". I need followers...Please & thanks!
What's your favorite non-major search engine? Why? (Updating our "search the web" page.)
Or maybe they are and I just have too much trust. Regardless, interesting and thought provoking tweet. Thanks.
Earth hour starts in 6 minutes.
you're not #1 on keek anymore :( let's make it happen again <3
thank you so much! Have a wonderful weekend.
Having one of those days where EVERYONE is irritating me…it’s been difficult to stay positive.
its always nice when you got the day off on pay day
I'm ready to sink some balls in holes! o.o .. Wait.
This City game is absolutely unreal
working on Gilded Lily's on the 22nd!
hahahah No not helping
Lucky for you. Go...Rangers? Blackhawks? Maybe Predators? I don't like this game so much
I wounder if i have enough music on my iTouch to pass 2 hours...
Thank you for the RT! May the beauty of your spirit warm, radiate, and pulsate like a lighthouse beacon all the day long! Love ya!
I have no patience dumbass
"Wow. You're wearing way more shirt than normal," Lauren adds. MT : "new shirt?" says to me, "it has fewer holes than usual."
getting the dog from the vet and planning to watch her stagger around from the anesthesia.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME<3
I might retract my trade up statement w/ WR's falling. Might not need to.
Last expo day tomorrow ... hope to see you there! Sunday hours 10-4
