Heading to Ft Collins for CSU-Weber St. Go Rams!! (via ) Hope it doesn't rain on you! GO RAMS!!
u a fan?
Today at noon EST was "last call" for applications to the Harvard Business School Class of 2014. Good luck to all candidates.
Join us tonight for the Artist Diploma Ensemble concert with special guest Ron Carter at 8:00pm in Paul Hall!
Yeah!! We saw that last week. That kid's my hero!
Good question Joe. What does Mitt Romney stands for.
gl buddy!
but what is real?
Don't judge who I am just judge what I will be
It's Friday the 13th so I'm a play Jason
I love you dear!!!! Thank you so so much :)
ended the day with the daily scrum. I love Scrum!
Flight back to Sweden has been cancelled due to hurricane. Might be late for classes and internship :(
I knock on the door, hope isn't home , Faith ? is not around, the luck ? it's all gone
so Im back . LMFAO for good this time tho , so go get me 1,000 followers. I lost them all for deleting this shit hahah <3 you
Live-tweeting from the dentist's chair
huhum thanks :-P
My .02: she tried to hold bike-share hostage over few cyclists who ride on sidewalks dwntwn
If I won the lottery, I would pay someone to play with my hair all day.
Here at cashhousemusicgroup we are about action anybody can talk the talk not us thou we bout the action but that's for y'all to see soon
You never know...a whole new conference. #Louisville could run right through them :)
Moriah Martin turned in a 9.800 floor routine. The nation's 10th best vaulter will take to the event to conclude her evening.
I wish I could attribute that to my killer Excel instincts, but...I just searched the help topics :-/
Vicars, MPS and lawyers were amont those who considered me to be the best hostess in London
She said " it comes out liquid " lmfao then she says but " I know its shit because its coming out my ass " this shit is hilarious lmfaoooooo
Hi Hat on weekends makes me wanna punch other humans in the neck. Such crowds with obnoxious characters!! O... JoCats. Wait, no.
I'll be back this week!! Life got me tied up lately
Me too! YAY! So excited! I'm in a capella right now, not sure which I'll be in next year. But cool! :)
I'm all about the ground beef tacos & burritos. Simple but the greatest. Everything there is good tho...you?
RT : There is no end, there is only a constant and brand new beginning!
cutting like what?
I love my brother; he was my fucking heart;
Night twitter :)
someone can't be apparent lol. What castle?
I think oomf went to sleep on me
In the process of learning a life lesson I see wat is trying 2be taught but wat I choose 2 do with wat Im learning will determine everything
lol that's how it be thooo
OMG! The vow is out on DVD!
Let's see... the swimming pool incident.
I'm just blah today
I'm all about the Monday workout ...
How often do you send cards to the ones you love?
Don't group tweet me till you have a plan
Talking to abt going to more non-social media conferences. Totally agree w/ you. Enjoyed your #BWELA session.
i was about to have to slap a hoe in class today
that's right from #Poltergeist. I love that movie
Good morning I'm writing a news article about the Texas Back Institute becoming your official spine specialist. Any comment?
So many people are overreacting to this #Bruins loss. They won the Stanley Cup last year. Let's not bash Bergeron, Krejci, & others too much
Shout out to :)
😒 lol RT : Now she saying she could see me in a baby blue polo whoa now Iam not drake
Latest Swimsuit Dresses News
Often imitated but never duplicated
yah i know. i was so close then i broke something= no more coding and wine. lol!
That Maurice Sendak anecdote about the kid who ate the picture? It's sweet, but think of the mom dealing with a kid pooping half a postcard.
Everyone tweet #getwellKyle for he's not feeling well today. Please RT!
ah hope they have fun and a good show!!
do you remember how it used to be? we'd turn out the lights and we didnt just sleep.
Chairing a Medicaid Advisory Committee meeting Many updates on health reform implementation.
Can't wait to see you tomorrow night in Santa Cruz! Will you be signing CDs/vinyl after?
I hope to one day look just like Him! Not in my creativity and image alone but in spirit and in truth to! God help my image to be congruent!
"I wanted you to know, whenever you are around, i cant speak(i cant speak)"
Don't you hate when people try to talk to you when you have headphones on
aye I KNOW you wont read this cause your me! Aha... 2 bad I forgot your password... And your email address's password... :P
Word on the streets is.. Boobie milk makes some fluffy pancakes 👍
Drink organogold coffee without the bad effects of caffeine and with the good effects of Ganoderma.w.drblackston.organogold.com
Amer Sports upbeat as Q1 profit hits $25 million
omg I want one
nobody can make me smile the way he does :)
text ne
hellz yeah! Take life by the horns. I'm liking this current enthusiasm from you.
That video was truly beautiful.
Losing 9-2 in the 5th, 3B Casey McGehee catches a foul pop for the 3rd out & then gives it to a kid in the front row
Finally made it to ; as presumed, it is my mothership. Walked out with my weight in rock crit books.
There is always one word I misspell every time I go to type it...I think my laptop is conspiring against me. ^jl
I see you, Lions. I don't see you, Nickleback.
Have a video phone? Video yourself singing a song. Watch it and make notes about what you want to change.
National League Game Summary - Miami at San Francisco
The most important question that you, as an aspiring model, should ask is
Just read a paper in my Rhetoric, Society, and Culture class that discussed "Aerostotal." I wonder what his teacher "Play-Doh" would say.
I know. I'm pretty sure Dahvie would fuck a sandwich before he fucked her!
#mitt2012 #p2 #Hypocrite!!! How can u trust anyone who lies when it's captured previously on VIDEO? He's only into 1% stimulus!
is developing organic farmers' markets in NYC and on Long Island.
Are you spread too thin at work? Ed Muzio to the rescue, Make Work Great! Meet Ed in Denver Sept 15 www.ispi-frc.org
souljah's in the same army!
CAN YOU HELP ME? I still need 4
Irish punk ya!! They are amazing
Like Obama said, when you put lipstick on a pig, it's still a pig, same with the Nets bouncing all over for attention.
bbm me back right now !
your a beast bro ready to see You Beast up Next Year 4 God and the Razorback Family! Go Hard 4 Christ bro!! WPS!!
Holidays? Oh, are those coming up?
Happy Birthday!!! I can't wait to see your birthday ink...good luck! :)
I get one follower than I loose one
yay!!! just finished my taxes! time to plan a vacation =)
For some reason I thought kabuki was an opera with music
The food channel : innovative recipes for quick and easy meals. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Giada
- with pleasure and yes I will keep you posted.
Glad I got to see the extended fam this week & Keep ballin yeah I did it get over it
Yay! Did you record it? This was duo with Mark, right?
When people say " on God " or "swear to God " & be lying
sorry i meant to text you my regrets last night. Will you be at #LAThtr awards on Mon?
Yeah, like that's EVER going to happen. Unless it's a Margarita Marathon, or something sensible like that.
: panel wrapping up at hadoop afternoon #huguk #bigdataweek then I think is up on stage
haha, its worse than a twitter rock! thanks for pointing out the obvious..would have missed a lot of paranoia today
R.I.P., Donna Summer, 1948-2012. The undisputed Queen of Disco has been forever silienced.
haha jeremy tyler blocked you?
Spending 2 days in Memphis with leaders from Tampa, Memphis, Pittsburgh, Denver, Houston, Alliance, Aspire, Green Dot, PUC...Comp. Reform
Did you know: 17% of children & teens in the US are obese, & 1 in 3 children under the age of 5 is obese or overweight - U.S. CDC
Just watched Fast Five, wit all them sexy ass men. Especially The Rock!!!! #I would be his baby Mama!!!!
Can we start an old school comedy team? Or co-write a hipster Urban Outfitters book?
me that's who. I'm bored so I asked what's up?
lmao! ok got it now thanks!!!
#BeatCantor TY for supporting campaign & helping get this exposure. With help from ppl like u we'll prevail!
FEAR THE DEER! RT : Bucks Win! Bucks Win! Now lets go eat some pizza with www.milwaukeesaves.info
"If you don't have the time to do it right, when can you make the time to do it over?"
oh babe stop it -.-
actually cooked the whole plastic icing pack into our loaf of butter bread.......wtf?!?!?!
Legs as a wireless communication device? Love it.
Today's featured sandwich is our seared Lake Superior Whitefish on Toasted Ciabatta. Quite tasty with Houblon Chouffe Dobbelen IPA Triple.
Today is a great day!
Why is MTV2 showing that shitty Kristen Bell movie 'Pulse' at three in the morning? Don't you have something better to play, like music?
- are you talking about the BCS or our Music Friday choices? :)
Debbie & Lulu's Southwest Airlines/DC adventure! Buddy passes! Palomar (Kimpton) Hotel. Museums, walking, exploring! Day off in tax season!
My sister never used this twitter so, I think I'm gonna take over it now lol. :)
only 9 have ever finished, awesome race
Come out RT : I really want to. Did you say that in a high voice? Kinda sounds like it.
It well becomes a young man to be modest.
I don't accept this premise: "Donating to Romney camp = giving to save USA". All mathematical calculations suggest otherwise
Point Park University will award the top three Pittsburgh finalists scholarships of $10,000, $7,000 and $5,000.
Sorry, I couldn't tweet. I was too busy having my mind blown.
Ooh, Yay to Rebecca and Mark!!! I adore you both, welcome! Oh, we're so close...the photo is burning a hole on my desktop!
#1factaboutme i wear coconut perfume: smells so good.
RT : #IndianaIce returns the favor as Baillargeon lights the lamp with 6:22 remaining in the second!!
Its Superbowl Sunday. The big game day. Giants or Patriots? And of course you'll be getting pizza, right?
LEDs are a simple way to transform lighting and improve the well being of the enviroment.
I *actually* sighed with sadness when I read you didn't have them again today. Dinner?
Play the game or watch it play u
“: I like my women like my beer: natural and light. TFM.”
Niall and Demi would make a cute couple. Nuff said.
what up stranger
He might, but Louisville don't score enough points. Plus UK is too athletic.
Thanks for the follow ! Can't wait to read your tweets! =)
Coyotes attack a dog in Brockton
I've been off twitter for a while - Yes! I'll be at DataFest, I'm running it! Will I see you there!
Goodnite folks talk to yall tomorrow I had a great n nite be safe just luv my real friends
appreciate the love u should be my twitter wife
Getting smacked for saying "okay" in a what my mom thinks is a "bad tone". <
taking to long to text a nigga back, she bout to get cut ! lol.
Spent a great day the elvis exhibit is fantastic, but just nearly died in an accident on 64.
haha yeah we just had a little convo. I was just walking then someone yelled my name and it was them. hope your doing well!
You broke through of my confusion, the ups and the downs and still didn't leave. I guess that you saw what nobody could see. You found me.
The film rights to AVMP have just been optioned, so image these characters on the big screen!
Despite my impressive length, it's hard to reach to phone without you-know-who seeing.
fell asleep on the couch and I'm still tired as hell. Going to bed in 2 hours even though it's just 7pm then...
Why wouldn't Aloha go down at 5:30 on a Saturday night...and during restaurant week...night just got more interesting.
#YourBiggestProblem is that you act like a bitch then wonder why you have no friends.
lovin #WhenDevelopersTalk James is killing it!
Enjoyed the backpacking trip to Colorado.
It is all the rage over there. I am hoping he will blend in when we vacation there this summer :P
I survived the #blackout by watching a movie on my laptop and eating sandwiches with my roommate. What did you do?
Just ate (: ahh feeling good :)
I might have to buy Tuskegee I like Lionel Richie before, a little touch of country in it might be nice
Best of luck today..
Chillin in Augusta
shut up. im stealing ur autograph
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 69
Going on 10yrs, only happened once. In Spanish Harlem.
I have some very bad friends...
Happy Birthday <3 We love you no matter what!!!! -ICONiacz in Chicago!!!
Minus the suckage!!!
Me too! Been too long : SO excited for Greys Anatomy tonight
LeBron-Wade will get them through in six games
Hello weekend!!! :)
who should i talk to then
oohh monday? that's sounds great!!
WE HAVE FORGOTTEN THAT WE ARE CREATURES OF INTENTION AND CREATION. IF WE WAKE THAT UP. WE HAVE A CHANCE. THATS WHERE WE HAVE TO GO
Day is rolling with a few curbs and corners to turn. Don't you hate when you got to do stuff that's not helpful to your day and time
Hey how's it going in your part of the city?
#teamfollowback #cheerleader #teambieber #teamsimpson #teamgaga #teamtalkative #singer #actress and so much more is what describes me
Good bout time you did something around here hahaha!
changed my twitcon with Jose"s cute face on it AWW YEAH
omg f i cant beilve i can bread my hair omg
Bad weather was responsible for immigration delays, claims Downing Street
I wanna get my belly button pierced i gotta convince mahh mom
its alot of "big bitches" in the mill now. smh
my bad. I messed up on that tweet. Had Dick Clark on my mind. ...
It wasn't a white VW Westfalia was it? If so, sorry!
In 2004, people used their cell phones for talking to people. Imagine that! #99conf cc/
he riding round he snitching shot his mouth no dentist
Eye test today. Eyes are generally ok but i'm sure they will try and sell me glasses, right?.
not on here. ill tell you at school or on #facebook?
Don't we all :/ RT : I really regret saying I wish I was older when I was younger.
I dont feel wanted I dont feel loved. I dont feel like i belong here. Everything pisses me off. I hate everything. :/
Mike Tomlin was giving it to the cameraman. Dang...
#SomeoneIWantToMeet One Direction.
The SkiFever and Snowboard show starts tomorrow at 1pm. You can take the yellow line on out to the expo center.
Very Nice Video. I think you got the leg of in the video. Thanks again to
What respect? People can not respect him, but he's still a huge draw! Just give it sometime.
Lauren, get reall ;)
Aw thanks for the compliment :)
I enjoyed school activities today. Class was pretty aight.
not our year
it's not my fault :x but I don't care I like coming late to her class :)
. Participatory culture not new. Soc media provides megaphone. Archivists should focus on the participation, not tech
Madilyn Bailey is performing? That's awesome!! #MadilynBaileyROCKS!
Well Don't Add Me Into The Shit.
Saw Obama when he came to Kansas City, I have to say I was awestruck, took the teenager, so was he!
Just bought my copy of 'The Lean Startup'. Pumped to be mentoring at #LeanStartup Machine #LA June 15-17
yea they just talk too much..
Just got into #instagram follow me
Enjoy the trails! I use him to fire me up for the day. Can't get complacent w/ all the stupid out there. Be safe!
ah been there before. Sounds good!
so proud of everybody involved.
Umm....we are getting super close....can you feel the neon starting to attack your body;)?
RT : If they can build a light meter that reads 1/10's of a stop for $179 why can't they give me the same option in a $5000...
Thank you! RT Two good apps to #FF and
Looking for a great Friday Happy Hour? LiLLiES of #WoodleyPark #DC has $3 drafts, 5$ rails, $6 house wines from 5-7PM!
My bday bash this friday, at wokcano-Santa Monica. Asian fusion food, sexy lounge, outdoor dancing patio. I DJ Wokcanorestaurant.com
Ways to get followed by me- 1.follow 2.retweet this . IM CHECKING !!!!
"The shifts of fortune test the reliability of friends."
obscured by crowds
#BuildYourFans - Determine what you need to do to maintain direct contact with your fans and do that!
(; follow or rt me please austin?? Love you. <3
It's almost New Years, and my birthday is ina few days, holy crap time flys.
Not last night's. I will catch up on the comp. The PR for Zimmerman is hurting him just as much as that vid.
I'm not getting enough mail about today's column. I feel like if someone doesn't write in and demand my firing, I'm doing something wrong..
NYC > LA > SYD > BNE > MEL > LA > NYC = BRUTAL. ready those choccy ice-creams for me!
That awesome moment when your aunt washes and waxes your car when youre at work
How cud u not love Big Nesh tho? RT": like pro Boys... Like a pro ;)"
I have to go watch the dictator movie and the what to expect idk whatever movie lol
The lips know only shallow tunes. The heart is where great symphonies are born. ~ Calvin Miller
Moving forward. Fuck it.
The last and 1st person I talk to:-)
British HP Sauce recipe is secretly changed after 116 years. has it: telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/87….
- I feel so ALONE in my dislike of Austin BBQ.
cus i talk to you most:)
do u mind if I test your mma knowledge with some questions?
haa have you told him yet.?
what can I do to help re: Spreecast?
Who you guys looking for with our next pick? Im hoping WR Stephen Hill.. how about you guys??
The D.C. office of Thompson Hine has added attorneys Charles Hunnicutt, G. Brent Connor and Patricia Snyder to its transportation group.
can,t be me you don,t really know me
k thanks I hope u can make it just let me or lisa know so I can get u a ticket
#G_O_O_D_M_O_R_N_I_N_G MUAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When are you gonna have a new comedy special on TV? I miss your face! 
LF Hair Studio will be closed until 12pm today due to the weather. Sorry for the inconvenience. Thank you!
A person who #publishes a #book willfully appears before the populace with his pants down. #EdnaStVincent Millay
The truth hurts.. RT : My doctor told me im overweight .
you should go out for a walk and let all your emotions out. we HATE seeing u like this. #CheerUpAustin <3
hey Tim, welcome to Twitter.
I want to try this Downton Abbey show the internet is obsessed with, but I'm afraid I won't like it...
HAPPY EASTER TO YOU!! HAVE A GREAT HOLIDAY.. ;)
I'm always drunk in San Francisco!!!
Reading #economist editor highlights, bewildered by qualifying expression " Arugula-munching Mr......" - Hate on Arugula?..;
Wing stops better!
I think I'm obsessed with Chick-Filet....
Harry with a scarf >>>>>>> angel wearing a scarf hahahaha!!!
A wise owl once told me the key to success isn't what you're doing, but hoo you know.
We do! We have Hatachino Red Rice Ale on draft - very rare! Come try it soon before it's gone. :)
DC this weekend... Hit us up if you are into promoting art, music, tech, fashion, action sports, etc. This is your life!
lol I give great massages but its goin to cost ya
Not this year, we're on opposite coasts at the moment.
Although it is fitting that a Beastie Boy died from illness
thanks for the follow Dr. David. All around nice guy is accurate!
Hold on! Did you say Olive Garden???? See ya then, I'm in!
I'm coolin with my youngins. Bang bang
People are going to be more mad about RVP leaving than Cesc, which is amazing.
tweet me
working on sending out audition notices for upcoming pilots and feature films
That's great...I'm co-writing a screenplay!! It's taking a while but it's fun!!!
The reason that child lost his life runs deeper than hate. Ignorance, power & disregard all played a part.
Thanks for the TL love !! xo
We'll be ready for you!
: you are oh so right. I had that experience on a minor level. wanted to Chair our Family Reunion. am catching hell! lol!!
it means data is a malleable form. You can data into anything.
Heading to the Lincoln Park farmers market.
best way to spend spring break? 6 games
This one is still at a stalemate, 0-0. Both goalies have stepped up when needed.
I agree! It's the no response to queries that is the hardest part. Good luck with it all!
Fantasy notes for May 1 - ESPN
Caught up on some You on Instagram? Follow me (ChiBoyProbs) and like my pictures! I'll return the favor of course! :)
Thank you
Today's affirmation: I live in a world full of possibility and potential.
Finish this sentence! My absolute favorite flavor of Tampico is...
I blame for this new obsession I have with boobs, like what? I like boys :)
Today in local history: The UB School of Pedagogy was established in 1895!
we should be verified on twitter Brad for as much time we are on here lol
Everyone has at LEAST ONE SKILL/TALENT! FIND YOURS ,AND DO YOUR BEST WITH IT!
^{}^I give my heart, cause nothing can compare in this world to you.^{}^
commence sweeping in my Kopitar jersey! Em, rake up some Blues jerseys!!
At the dance studio!:) I'm ready!!
what are you being tutored for?
can you help me get to 200 subscribers? please!
Did you know that Still's first solo show took place at the San Francisco Museum of Art in 1943?
It won't impact the play on the ice, but its going to be rather amusing seeing Rangers goals cheered in an ECF game regardless of the venue.
Some people are always grumblin because roses have thorns.
Breaking News 'Dirty Dancing' Star Patrick Swayze Has Died of Pancreatic Cancer at Age 57 Call CNN News Update +1 (415) 376-7253
and facebook im loyal are you?
I didn't find irreversible realistic enough to be disturbing. Only scene I've ever found disturbing was in boys don't cry
"Oh so much for talking. It's all been said before. I'm hearing something, but I wish you'd just say more"
Shoutouts to whoever has bought First Class Clothing already. You all look fresher than ever.
Tonight Cheeta's Game Show Junkies tonight at The Bar in Monongahela from 9p-midnight! Trivia, minute to win it , Lets Make a deal & more!
More to the point, what would it take to contribute a theme that could be shipped with core?
And twitter lol
he's too cute<3
Oh, that's a dead cert my dear :-) Hammers will be up next season.
Belated Thank you!!!
Add me guys :) on Pin....2956E986
": #nflnetwork has broadcast live online before so that would be nice" awesome thank you, hopefully they do it again
The world of music
true true. Bean head ass
hey ' you've changed, not like you used to be.
Looking for donations of toys for kids in need. Drop off at 3 NW Third Ave. in Portland or 503 274 4483
You forgot to mention that Bledsoe and Cousins are from the same dirt.
Watching poltergeist with movie has always freaked me out but I love it lol I should be sleeping have an mri at 12pm :( hate them
It's and fault that there are so many Jalex believers. The sexual tension fuels the fire of our imagination.
TOILET! TOILET! TOILET!
Did you ever drive behind someone who's exhaust is so bad your check engine light comes on?
24 hour marathon begins now!! Please visit Extra-Life.org for details and to donate... Search for 502 Kitchen Krew! $5 goes a long way!!!
I have a freaking concusion ! I cant sleep tonight -___- and then I have to get up a 5 and get on the bus ! Im gonna be in a bad mood
Watching Criminal Minds like the good old days.
Live Life to it's fullest, You never know what life will bring!
Who's up for a #snowball fight in #Milwaukee today? Great packing snow.
i am a southerner. And everything you say still boils down to an emblem from an act of treason in defense of slavery.
I kid you not, spotted a 30yr old rocker looking dude at the Luxor sporting a Winger t-shirt #saywhat!?
Just heard from an artist who creates scrimshaw art from old pool cue balls made of ivory. Fascinating! She is sending photos - snail mail!
#10basicfactsaboutme Cheerleading is my life. I love all the girls on the squad ; & we always have soo much fun at the games.((:
I never know if I'm in a CVS, a Walgreens or a Rite-Aid. They are all red and look exactly the same.
Today i get to use my talent (art) to change someones perception... lets push!
Will there be #ClippersLive shows during round 2?
no problem. Good luck with next steps!
congrats on your 200 followers!!! *clap clap*
OMG. Just take the bizir away from me
Did he just attempt to throw to a TE ?
#FollowSunday : thanks a bunch for all your mentions :D "You Rock" (via )
Ah she made a funny nobody beats my ass Rt: He just called a me twitter whore . I'ma beat his ass when I see him ...
thanks for the follow. Much love. Dr. Spanish. no responding required. just wanted to thank you. :-D
If u wont that hammer ima nail u
Does anyone have a video of Victoria Justice performing Beggin on Your Knees? I'd love to see it.
Way way way too cold for Oregon
Nicely done.
i'd love to reenact that night sometime, i'll skip the bus ride home this next time though...... and double up on the burgers
Happy Mothers Day to all you mama runners
yeah, we've all been thinking how un-American you are, just didn't know how to tell you.
okay ill make sure to watch it!(: Todays been a pretty rough day for me though :/
husband<3 i love you
STYLISTS NEEDED to work CASCADE RD ATLANTA GA. COME GET POLISHED. 316
I had the best time of my life at Windsor and made a name for myself.
It might help.
well, thug life LOL
This guy just asked me for 22 cents. Why 22 cents?
needs to develop a "blow before you tweet" smartphone attachment for drunken geeks and addled celebrities.
nice you will make OG one day!
Poetic Justice isnt the kind of justice need.d in the case 4 #wronglyconvicted in the Live Free or Die state of NH. WhatA shame
House music was crazy last night! Shout to ! It's a must attend !
Women's issues now more important than ever. One of many reasons that #Im4Falk !
I turned out liking you a whole lot more then i expected.
This paradise pandora station is super relaxing
I am Literally in Tears! Satan you are a Liar! The Father of All Lies & the Master of Deception
Port of Call has some amazing dishes and would make for a great date spot! 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!!
Man I swear some people need to work for the FEDS because they love being in other people's business!
You'll never see the dawn when you have blood in your eyes.
I should not have to wake up this early when I'm on break.
Thank u colquit!
... shooting sexy girls tomorrow -- can't wait! pics to be posted at www.sherrymartinphotography.com
Big, BIG boys high school volleyball games tonight around the region. Deep Run @ JRHS, Atlee @ Clover Hill, Cosby @ Thomas Dale - go see one
Woohoo! Congrats and good luck!
": Spring break in Philly consists of drinking, sleeping, and WaWa runs... #PhillyProblems" miss that for sure!!!
You never really know who your friends are!!!!
If only that's how it worked. RT : We have now voted. No more mailers, please.”
Compressed unicorn horn powder. Makes the shine majestic
Hey, #abq #architects and #planners: where are you? We want to follow you!
or are thinking as a potential collector/ provider of OER?
ON MY WAY! :D lol I just searched for the 7th episode and it's nowhere to be found:( because season 1 is only 6 episodes long
wats up with the people on twitter just chick on me and there follow me
---its a "coke" thing. so glad you would never understand...
spent my amazing rainy day reminiscing, talking, learning & creatively producing w/my amazing :) i love u & thx 4 the motivation!
same here sir just tired from work lol
We're excited to have and Hotelbeds at our Show & Tell in a little while! :)
creating a detailed breakdown of my week. I've officially become my old principal.
that look of hurt in a girl when u know shes been burned to many times and shes scared u'll hurt her too.. :o
i'm really upset I can't retweet this! :/
RT : Family and cousins! RT Q1 #FoodieChat Where are you spending Thanksgiving & with Who?
Well "MUNCHKIN" was very detailed. I enjoyed it greatly
Take #KOBE out!! This game is over and get ready for game 7!! WOW!!!
Talk it over with your Dr. As long as you don't have a torn tendon, you'll be back in 3-5 days.
eXo Cloud Workspaces Previews Fully Scalable Enterprise Social Intranet - Review seeker (press release)
My Louis Vuitton bag is already customized with my initials, LV
What time will you guys be in tomorrow?
Its Not The Same But Its Better...(Words 4rm Mr. Production "The Guy" Seeking Progress Not Perfection While Walking By Faith Not By Sight)!!
no problemo! yeah it was really good. was happy it was Friday too :)
OH. My husband makes these for me. I LOVE them.
No need to take me but we can go together. =]
Clippers or Spurs?
Well the south side of Chicago is the baddest part of town. And if you go down there you better just beware of a man named Leroy Brown.
all i got to say us dance fuckin party!
Today's liturgy is about doubting Thomas. Don't tell me Mass doesn't meet you where you need it to. Here's to faith without proof.
Tha flat black Prius going, going, #gone~
JR SMITH IS NICE lol
i'm pretty sure this is the longest conversation we've had all year.
Like vegetarianism?
Of course I remember you! Thanks for saying Hi!
Hot bananas have my gag reflex in full effect. Need to remember to not leave them in the trunk
I forgot you aren't dramatic at all! But if you wanted to stretch yourself...
my nigga. Does Rare breed have one too? Lol
looking forward to it! Good morning to you too!
Don't hate cuz I'm cute and sweet; hate cuz you can't compete.
The box score of the Atlanta/Orlando game is unreal, Magic up 52-30....Howard only has 6 pts
RT : Congrats to R.C. Slocum on his induction into the #NFF College Football Hall of Fame, representing new #SEC member
But, I forgot to order his fav #foodallergy book! I'll try to borrow it for storytime this week. We'll definitely order it!
forgot ice!
The step costs of a business are unique because they stay the same for a certain amount of activity.
yea we not switching no more
They should just turn off the third rail and turn them into pedestrian tunnels. Would make a killing with bike rentals!!
Wow... This is gonna be a fun finish
The important part more learning how to automate what you need to than a particular tool
your a good man, Ben!
Warren, Elizabeth could open a casino. Bring the tables, she's already full of CRAPS!
Saintliness is also a temptation.
so sweet!!
playing upstairs at the Maison on Frenchmen st tonight! 11pm
and Bill Ranic!
SP is looking forward to playing Jan. 26 at benefit / exhibit / celebration of cartoonists. Watch these channels for details...
My ears are STILL ringing! It's been like an hour!
Shooting in Indianapolis. It's gonna be a long day.
Enjoy your Fridays & our dinner dishes of your pick for 10% off for our followers/twitter handle.
GLITTER NIGHT 3 is this Thursday at Nick & Eddie! We go on @ 9PM - Dress in Glam for no cover!!! See you there :)
lol you and Cenzo are meant to be! You're both funny!
Also Marlins Under 9
Downloaded and love the Chrome beta for Android 4.0.
woo!!!!!! Follow me plz tyler everyone in the mahomie crew has repled or followed, ur left out follow back plz ♥!!!x
you have a italian name are you italian
I know the feeling! Just finished "The Portrait of Dorian Gray," my first Oscar Wilde novel (where has he been all my life?)
today is National High Five Day. Right up your alley. :)
My idea of packing has (d)evolved into makeup, toothbrush & figuring the rest of it out when I arrive.
Had a good day today! :)
Married less than a year, together for 11yrs. Who knew we'd get past 11 days. Lots of love to :)
Sorry for not Tweeting a lot recently. Couple nice DE pickups for the Brownies.
Follow your heart. Regardless of what others tell you to do, it’s how you feel at the end of the day that matters.
Teacher: "what's your biggest dream?" Me: "hold the mahoneconda" Teacher: "....." Me: "....." Teacher: "what" Me: "what"
Actually, I think it'd be fun to have a #capitolproblems meme. Is there one out there already?
thanks for the tweet :)!
soo u can get on here but not talk to me on chat
why is it so cold. :s
good things
Mine too! RT Goal for today: see opportunities.
“: He who controls his mind controls the only gate by which the devil can gain influence in his life.”
just woke up
Just got off stage after singing our opener, Boondocks by Little Big Town! We'll be back in a bit with more songs! #springsing /te
The Ozone needs to stop with those cookies.
Keep calm and carry on.
YOU'VE GOT ONE CHANCE TO MAKE IT RIGHT, TRIBE.
Always a pleasure! ": Restaurant week! & put some deliciousness in my belly!"
I miss my family , , Eddie, James, Darius, , & Jessica. PS, the rest of you need to get Twitter!
When can I start voting? And how often?
The salon is now open! Call (904) 636-0787 to schedule an appointment.
It better turn out good !
I'm on it.
Many submit to despair and fail without knowing that they already have all the tools needed to procure superb wealth.
in the G son
arvo2010: Time to Reflex Tearing in Response to Chemical Nasolacrimal Stimulus in Dry Eye Subjects versus... - Ciera J Maffei , May 4, D984
Shoutout to my Mom! Love you
the new is beautiful. A must-see design from and showcased on !
Bored..... x_x ♥ michelle
The Bloc Audition starts soon! It's gonna be a fun day! :)
It is so kind of you to be there for Kandi in this difficult moment. Please Kandi know we are praying for her and her family.
« The Vision Of The Life You'll Live When U Accomplish Your Goals Should Give U Plenty Of Energy 2 Do What Must Be Done Today..»
I been gone from here for a minute but now I'm back up in it...lol
sweet, maybe I'll go there one day :))
That tragic moment when you realize you are still the strange nerd with no friends but instead of Recess it's Friday Night.
Increase your ability to get mail into the right hands, the first time! See how Advanced Mailing Services can help you. 505-899-3104
First-time candidate runs for 13th Assembly District
Love Council President Young's motto for helping business..."Do no harm!" Thank you!
Gotta LUV that chili!
Sang and I are both sick. WHY?!
My mom is 6'2" and she's wearing wedges. Work it girl.
#etech fly away, fly away, fly away, home
Thanks for the memories. - Fall Out Boy.
Imma hit to line toma Imma bout to go to sleep
Been on the go all day and I'm finally done... #Exhausted 😒
congrats on your graduation! I'm hoping to steal a bag of popcorn from a 15 year old for your gift!!
It's Okay Thoo .
has an eastern european feel to it... so anyway last week i got an invitation from #Latvijas Universitate lol University of Lativia?
HOOPS: Mackey McKnight (Langham Creek HS) is having a solid game for Lehigh. Keeping this game against Duke interesting on CBS right now.
Half the washers and dryers in my bldg are being used...so I guess I'm not the only one who does laundry after midnight.
Where is this Black Rhino?
shot it from Rockland county haha
Rockin out at the LCD Soundsystem concert!
Follow ! He is spinning right now on AltRock 101!
lol I got u boo
#AAM2012 "Bringin' it all home" starting with a Dylan video. Perfect.
Came home from the hospital, now watching magic beyond words :)
RGIII Josh Morgan who is also signing and Garcon. Sounds like a package for the future to get the ball down the field
Yowza. Was not in the right emotional frame of mind to watch Father's Day today
Looking to save on #brunch? Check out for 50% off deals for restaurants in NYC!
I recommended that watch the 1st season of #GameOfThrones on her flight today to SF, completely forgetting the nudity on the show.
WOW - just watched Miss Representation trailer on you tube - Have you seen it?
Whos going to the freecember concert Dec 3?! TWEET ME! :D
Same corner as always: 18th @ Trinity.
Me, wild and crazy? No. LOL! Nice to tweet cha too!
thanks for following. We're big fans of your work with
I can get behind that.
Thanks. We are more focused on the stemmed glasses but the "O" series is fun.
you could totally do that! I watched each movie as it was released in theaters after reading that book.
I'm on Twitter! Now what do I do?
Not when I tuned in I didn't. :( Have you ever heard any songs on that station?
you got that right! Anyone who says country is NOT the shit is...well, shit!
the countdown is on! #nyc #nokianyc RT : Waiting for Ms Nicki Minaj to come on + catching up w +
This hotel doesnt have Disney channel.
u may wish to change settings on ur software to allow more time- u r followed.
there's a club in the science center?!
my friend isn't employeed there anymore...still lookin for another way
what a mean joke lee!
When you are the only one on varsity to lose #crappyfeeling :P
- thanks for including us in your Follow Friday list, Lis! We appreciate your effort to #BeThere for us & the kids we support!
I'm about to stay home today .. Sore throat & Headache .. But , if I don't go to school babe cant come over . -__-
Wait why is mining one of the most entertaining aspects of Mass Effect 2??
#FF to our new followers!
Frank Sinatra, you speak my language.
I've never wanted the Caps to win more then I do now....!
Creepy robot music in history class.
Do we have an injury on the Nuggets side?
Life is good everyday is my birthday
Fun times with hahaha.
yes, but rent is pretty steep... LOL
If I didn't eat terribly my body would look 10x better
Rest in Peace George. You didn't go down without a fight...
btw, I hope you're having a great time at Red Lobster
dnt forget bout me nephew ;)!
Martini Party with some of my favs at the Charlesmark Hotel!!!
you should lemme hear it, could always use more female writers...
You aren't the only one. Have you ever tried veggie rolls instead of ones with meat?
thanks for a wonderful SXSW! I enjoyed the opportunity to be a part of it.
where do you live? I'll do some mappage!
#liber2011 Salman Rushdie digital archive (uses emulation) at Emory U (Atlanta, Georgia, USA) has become the "reference collection" for him.
We're going through it right now too, exciting! Any major takeaways to share?
Some mornings are like choreographing an extraordinarily slow dance.
I copied it if you want to delete that post now :) follow me so we can Direct Message!
lmbo I see, look at here V plankin next to a bowl of Romans noodles.......
kicked the chair though...Lmfaoooooooo
That's a pretty awesome thing to keep around your desk. So, do surprise attacks happen often? :)
#20factsaboutme 14) I love me some Italian food!
Excellent! “: Robin Yount checked in as instructor in #Brewers camp today and Geoff Jenkins is on the way.”
You're getting in the Cali swing already!
Of course, should be the first artist played on the new POP2MUSIC!
Joining great Dallas Democrats at Sambuca to support District Attorney Craig Watkins!
go follow she follow back please
Well, the day has come: I accidentally slipped my feet into my 8-year-old son's sneakers...AND THEY FIT FINE. World still spinning.
that's wats up YouTube me:) juliusvevo
in a related note, the referees for that game will still award him free throws for phantom fouls.
The digital files transfer continues!
Seeing prom groups out makes me miss my prom..
#HappyBirthdayTrigga love you baby
what's your favorite thing to do besides dance and basketball? And follow me ? (: 4
:) yayyyy thank you glad you like it
Oh shit. That was too funny!!
I love when I only text like 3 or 4 a day.
No need to wait for his call and tell him anything we aint together
Stop playing with me“ Thank you For following dm her later :-)”
I just don't know if I really wanna keep it or not
Thanks for the follow! Lots of Julio-Claudian pix on SquinchPix! Search for '1C' or '1CBC'.
What would Kim Kardashian do?
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? ♥ Wish i could meet you someday :-) Much Love! Reply pleasee??? :)
Don't know if I can bring myself to do the rest of these journals.
How the heck u hurt ur groin playin basketball
Go Newt.
I just hope you been praying.
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner
thanks! But we need more followers! We are getting there! :) <3333 thanks for amazing music!
try our chili fries we use real homemade fries and the best green chili in town they bare o so good picososmexicanfood.com
Faith divided by works = ?
revival tour even better than advertised so far. bob dylan dream in the mix?
NICK IT"S MY DREAM TO MEET U!! I got a concussion at ur free concert in VA last year :'( I still have yet to meet u
Turned out the lights on the old today. Tomorrow we re-brand as MilkBoy the Studio at our new location on 7th and Callowhill
Best of luck to the Harbaugh brothers!
Goodmorning Zaddy cant wait to see you today.. I Love you^_^
Spongebob lives underwater, Yet he can't swim... 0_o... gotta love my babe :-D
Ah good, now I can tutor my children in the ways of righteousness.
MT Off-site depository storage in libraries shouldn't surprise—been a major part of research library admin for a long time.
Reason #2 for running an #Environmental Risk Summary Report. You find out if the cost may go up on your #loan! Reccheck.com
like bitch, really? your in a good position to kiss my ass.
WOWSERS. Subway on Springfield n Del Mar has on crazy loud. Thanks guys!
I really didn't want that chicks number anyways , I just like getting them.
Monotone people crack me up
From Airplane:"I want to wish you good luck, we're all counting on you", "I speak jive" & "the white zone is for loading and unloading..."
skinny bitches piss me off.
good seeing you too! good luck on everything :) hope to see you again this summer
It's unfortunate but I agree he should go. Due diligence wasn't done a long time ago. It was a stupid lie.
hey and im the hulk
I love it when their favorite words are "I know." Lol, no you don't.
Lol im sure he is used to it >.<
the awkward moment when al my recent tweets are retweets......of bread jokes...... awk.
How do you do it? What station is it??
chris brown
Oakland flavors for the week at Pittsburgh Popcorn Co: Cinnamon Toast, Smokey Chipotle, Mesquite BBQ!!!!
We love that! RT : Burrito beach for the second day in a row
Woohoo! We were voted onto the OpenTable Diners' Choice lists! Thanks to everyone who voted!
when i went to london i noticed many girls who had dyed they hair black but with a tinge of red
grimey gates get low movement
Just saw an asian homeless dude...wtf?
RT : May is Natl Sm Biz Month. How does your small biz use high-speed internet? Webinars? Online store-front? Social Media?
is doing it!!!
PeopleMatterCEO-congrats on your 40 Under 40 - you and the team are delivering a bold new path for everyone to see why People Matter!
RT "I’m also announcing here and now that Carl DeMaio can bite me." xrl.us/bmoey3
This guy doesn't even belong in this class! >.< but yet his always here! Why?!?
Free samples check out Max Muscle ABQ
umm yes, that would be perfect.
you are killing it on this morning.
thx so much! the wine train is a booze cruise on land. you should try it :) xo!
“: Twitter is a great connection tool but a horrible relationship tool.”// agreed
Great first house tonight for #JazzBars w/ Stay tuned for our 10pm #livestream. Better yet, GET HERE!
today at #nu soc colloquium: claude fischer gave talk on gss social network questions. big take away: context of survey items matter.
RT : veggie soft tacos from Chipotle scrumptious & only 435 calories! don't tell oops, I mean great, boss!
I AM I AM I AM I AM!!! I just had a conniption. At 7:30 in the morning before I've had any coffee, that's NOT EASY!
After being part of greater Yugoslavia for most of the 20th century, Croatia regained independence in 1991. Can't wait to visit!
#STARVING Who cooking???
why wont this stupid rain go away i wanna kayack
eat a salad before you go!
I think I should get a Mother's Day gift for making it this long without being a mother.....
I spent over 3 hours in the napmosphere today
I agree. But I'm more bullish about Twitter/Square/Dropbox/Airbnb than I was about Webvan.
Who is not coming back next year because of contracts, trades etc?
The headlines for 2012: "the US pulls out of Iraq and Afghanistan, decides to re-invade Vietnam"
So much for that..lol
RT Jaypro's Free shipping in all items expires at midnight tonight. Http://www.Jaypro.com
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012 learned: different levels of ability, etexts (ick), high expectations, learner centered ++, engagement
In business its important to be clear about your expectations and method of operation.
Sitting back or looking forward, how to keep sharp in a fast paced world ://ow.ly/70aqn
I am cracking up on the shitter!
"the taco truck is under siege by the police. Field trip busted."
hey! whats up! *just being friendly* Lol....
everything about the stadium is whack.. it'll go back to being empty.
Catholic bishops incensed by Obamacare rule mandating contraceptive coverage. More incensed than they were over child sex abuse.
The physician can bury his mistakes, but the architect can only advise his client to plant vines. -- Frank Lloyd Wright (via Ross Brunson)
That Carlton Off from last night still has me laughing.
Hey guys, go to the symphony orchestra concert this Wednesday.
I hope has another get togeter thing :(
The LUNATIC-LEFT MEDIA pushes this IDIOT story about Romney.They ignore TRUE CRIMES&CORRUPTION in OBAMA ADMIN
my garden gloves & fingers have been contaminated with cactus needles. who plants cactus in their yard in PA!? Impossible to remove or weed.
Q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide Easter eggs? A: He doesn't want anyone knowing he's been fucking the chickens!
Going full German this Thursday at Old Europe on Folsom. Has anyone been there?
At least this is something to look forward too this year!
Stand up!
#IfIHadaGun I'd most likely shoot the kitties who decided to pee on my purple heels. Good thing I don't have a gun...
I miss him :/
Total 80s love! Pretty in Pink and now Mannequin on TV Guide Channel. Yay, !
Going to edit a few of the gorgeous images from todays shoot, then find an apple fritter...
the 6th Sense - I wish I'd saved it for a rainy day // Re: What movie do u wish you'd never seen?
Fifteen years. Thank you, my love. Happy anniversary! It has been great.
i just laughed way too hard at Madison's joke.. good job kid.
who says romance is dead... how lovely... and thanks for the compliment x
liking someone that barely knows you exist. <
So maybe blake is the new adam? So hot
but too shy to make a move!!(:
TONIGHT is Whiskey Chicks FIRST F@#% Valentines Party! First 50 ladies in the door will get roses and chocolates!
Any colorado folks wanna ship me some beer from Twisted Pine brewery? :)
"love me or hate me I promise it won't make or break me! -lil wayne
She is only the sweetest. :) Thank you for your deliciousness. :)
IM JEALOUS!
I know how you feel....im starving.
yeah me to ! so whats for lunch.. lol
Nice PR piece 4 the mayor of Cincinnati on Undercover Boss tonight. No way Jerry could have pulled that off. #newmayor?
Get well soon abhi...
club penguin, that's what up :)
i got not time for LeBron hate! you're right: his game and perspective are overlooked.
Drive gets a "meh" from me. I give the girls who sat next to me & audibly swooned over Gosling the whole a time big thumbs up.
My best life, I'm suppose to be on stage, singing, smiling, laughing, giving joy & a good time to others! YES..
gimme ur number!
Hahaha. Sad but true! At least it's Friday...
cleaning is going well... 1 load to Goodwill & now to recycle empty propane & CO2 canisters... yes, we are getting ready to move again
EEk! So much pressure picking head shots.
Just saw Ralph Wilson stadium in Orchard Park, I have to admit, there is nicer high school stadiums in Texas.
Bill Destler advice to “geeks” on meeting girls: “You have to talk to them” :-) (today on )
Great time @ Cubs game yesterday. Heading out now to see Tim McGraw.
I don't care if you're black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian ... If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you. Simple as that - Eminem
Not the cry, but the flight of the wild #Wedge mustache post-game, leads the flock to fly and follow.
i love him! Isnt he so good?!
That's so meta, I'm going to tell you that it's meta while doing a little meta-reflection of my own.
Glass of water for Ole Lady......
Agreed! However...mitgating circumstances: On-Call Pager attached to my hip.
Great keynote by at #SXSW "don't worry. worry your ass off. have iron clad confidence but doubt; it keeps you awake and alert.
It's stuff I've collected over the years. Just trying to do something worthwhile with my Instragram account and iPhone.
thank you!
Holiday season is here so find affiliate products people want & make some serious money online
you read my mind Tyler. That's what I was about to do! Damn you to hell FB!
“ Ion do no cheating if I'm wit cha I'm wit cha”
“: Fred"s demo shows making the platform accessible to non IT is a key direction for SN #know12 #ovumit”
moderation is natures remedy for a broken heart - Kiera Condon
RT : Lisa Jewell on Are We Nearly There Yet? "One of my fave Writers. V funny & equally touching" #kindle £1.99...
Chile, your at Ihop again!!!!
We would love to!! CALL COOLCABRaleigh (919)633-2606 to reserve your RIDE! :-)
Also was fun to do readers advisory with someone at Grand Central Library today.. I heart graphic novels!!!!
Thank you... I love collecting and creating them : )
1 of the worst things a woman could do is keep her child away from his/her dad Bcuz him & her aren't kool anymore!
Attention Atlanta area filmmakers... Silverwood does more than music... We can handle your mixing, ADR, and Foley needs... Give us a call
Getting out of school at 10
Procrastination results in less success in life.
top selling women perfume 2day: miami glow
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. -Soren Kierkegaard
Last Day to rock Orlando!
thank you!
So, told me you tattled on me and my vote for bagels. The breakfast taco inquisition is now officially after me
lol! Good luck...
125,000 FOLLOWERS. Oh boy you go Dylan. 4 for you
I never lose sight of the fact that just being is fun. ~Katharine Hepburn
I Wanna Marry Popeye...
Librarians have stormed Bananarchy at
I got bottles and ashes every where : Omg I need to clean my room
I'm still trying to process what the heck just happened on AGT...
Good morning from ! Check out our site: www.savetodaycentral.com for the best one-stop shop for OKC's Daily Deals!
New in Reference Universe: A Dictionary of Creation Myths from Oxford University Press
Its always the prettiest girls that are the most insecure.
i could definitely use...... beats...
Thanks for FOLLOWING U Guys ROCK!
Next two weeks: weeks from hell. At least my birthday is on Sunday!
If you take Xanax and other prescription drugs mixed with alcohol. Don't go swimming!
Done and done!
when did girls and women become called hoes? Last time I checked we were called young ladies
"new york city" SHINDIG!
everyday is another chance to make your dreams come true
You don't need more time just use what you have more efficiently! Coach Terry
Send em home,
This lakers performance is beyond embarrassing. It's not surprising given their trouble with Denver, but still disappointing.
"You can only understand people if you feel them in yourself." John Steinbeck... Joshua was a prolific, inquisitive reader of Steinbeck.
#dale.... Wrong Pitbull?
I say thank the lordy for Arrested Development!
You got me fallin
yes i am why?
I miss you too!!!! Scotch Broom is so empty!!
Had 2 switch twitters cuz I got in twitter jail on da other one...but its not 2 early..lol..u jus can't handle the heat
I fasted Twitter for a week!!!! I missed it so much!!!
At night I can *maybe* see why, but in the daytime that's just silly.
O yea Happy Cinco de Mayo ? Ok drink Mexican beer & tequila.
did you get the glowsticks??
he did the first verse at this concert way back. There was like 50 people in the crowd, that far back.
that's what another kid was saying. Nothing quite like an English class where all we do is discuss hockey
thanks for drinking OBP. But it is not made by Orlando Brewing. Brewer is Tom Moench. Thx.
What on earth does Man Town smell like?
9 pm-close enjoy our fabulous draft beer selections for 1/2 price tonight!
Good structure is necessary, but don't try to bypass good storytelling by meticulously following a formula.
I love Torts
Thanks for the RT glad you liked the quote.
Manage your energy as though it has endless possibilities...because it does.
#fridaylistens finished Brava Valentine by Trigiani and started Trick of the Light by Penny
where to nextt ???
; i'll get right on that.
Bored eating some licorice trying to figure out if I should just get drunk an take Vics an sleep
I wanna change my 4th, 5th & 6th grade years.
yeah right! I asked you for a review to add comfort, you said you couldn't do it. lol glad to have you around though
Unusually busy for a Wednesday especially given it is our down season. Thanks for asking. How was yours?
#levishotdogs I Just had the combo, it's a hot dog, fish cakes and pepper hash...2 for 1 deal for Twitter Followers out of this world!
Making a fake billboard. Drinking red wine.
Go Rebels !
Oh, there are SO many NSFW things I would want this service to have....
which shoes do you wear?
Highlight of Saturday night: Micky's playing 's 'Only The Horses!' Ah ♥
Testing out new phone tweets
Good t-shirts make for good times
Have any info on the 2012 Cinco De Mayo festival?
Denim chicken
Tough for the refs not to call that one on Foligno, but probably shouldn't have been a penalty.
Can't wait to see you! RT Stopping in later 2day to get some new stuff to wear on The Shopping Channel.
I'm either your neighbor or your dealers' neighbor. So, can y'all just agree to share the road?
Did she say," Please put some other music on this thing! You're killing me with all the Toto!" :D
Heard someone else talking about that show as well. I'll give them a listen today.
Longest 5 minutes ever
woo! Miss you too!
#MyBiggestFlaw is that I cannot control my anger. .
Check out www.blueskytours.com for great trips to Hawaii - how'bout $1300 for 5-nites @ the Royal Kona - brkfst dly, luau, car, more!
And look at Evelyn.
chickens and people:)
if you let your feelings go dear , it's crazy what you'll find
So much on my mind right now:/ I'm going to hit the gym really hard right now!!!
I remember "Habit," tho not proud to admit it -- MTM reference was an attempt at a highly obscure "Change of Habit" joke.
when can i see what you bought?
How sweet it must be to be on the Joides Resolution!!
Welcome Marlo and Jean!
hi preity - i would love to hire you to host a video chat with your fans. DM me for more details.
tried watching the pilot of American Horror Story, and I got so freaked out in the first 10 minutes I had to stop
I would love it! Thanks for that. My cholesterol levels thank you, too
Just announced our first recital date! Sept 18 - Spanish and Latin American Zarzuela/Opera!
Looking forward to the party for the new location at keller williams west tomorrow.
Strange I lost my job about a month ago..
shoutout to my home skillet & LOL
I'm Fucking Disaster Movie... :D
Perspective changes when the bridges have been burned, and no other option is left but to succeed!
I kept feeding her money till her shit started to make sense .
So...Damn i 4got R.I.P. Biggy Smalls aka
Anytimee(: What's up?
Wow big game for Aresenal!!!
I hate when someone tells me something so fucked up that I can't think of anything to say. I just stand there with a stupid look on my face.
at the Jazz Showcase w/ tenor sax of our time Ron Blake, Dennis Carroll bass, Kobie Watkins drums. Tonight through Sunday. Should be fun.
yeah, somehow I imagine yancy's cheese with the massage, yikes
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Laura Beier on the 12U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program
So i told Alex i REALLY like him, and he said he REALLY liked me, and then my mom made me get off the computer :/ which sux. :/
Gotta go with Bama
Smh you fucked it up? RT : Hit somebody car today
Well played! I picked Daddy Long Legs out of a hat...stupid hat!
There are alot of decent hoes claiming their off the chain.. point em out..
I A M . Ima take everything down and re-do the entire thing and make room for my direction posters gunnna be hawt ^.^
Thanks, G-man!
Is it me or does it seem #Safari uses less memory and is more efficient than #Chrome?
There's stuff money can't buy. Extra time on the clock, for instance.
I hate groupies!!
like before my goal
welcome to my life. Lol
#Homies central better go hard on st. Peterson kuh
What a horrendous play by Danks.
I guess exceptions can be made :]
Alright... I'm starving... Leaving early to get food... Dang I hate that I forgot to fix my lunch before leaving today...
I can't 4 it! Iu Justin u Rawk
THANK YOU! So excited :')
No support for John Brown's raid in the future West Virginia.
Tonight at ! at 6pm at the Market Wine Bar.
I got sick really sick went to the hospital an everything im a lil better now though
Keely just finished up her classes. Now just grading and entering grades.
Lovely night..one happy girl.
Sixers doubling Pierce and KG everytime they touch the ball.
I can't fucking stand bad readers. You're in 10th grade! Learn how to read!
it sucks haha
r33c3: I feel people who aren't info pros own the meaning of the word 'librarian' -- in the archaic sense.
thanks for the tweet Nisi! Got your email & sent a reply. Will look at my calendar & let you know.
y bipolar
Well, hopefully... but at what cost to my sanity? ;)
Player goes on the field. Field is wet and slippery. Player gets a Yellow Card. Pretty much sums up the #SKCvsCHI game with
Laura Mercier make-up is awesome! Paulina @ Pualinas Spa on Wauwatosa WI can hook you up!
I live very close to there! : where in Albuquerque? I used to live on Indian School near University, years ago.
upland to see a show.
Another fabulous job by Melissa ta Brio Salon in Pittsford!
I'm not stupid... I know why you guys never invited me to the studio with Esther... I see what its all about..
not if one game is a Sunday and the other is to late to get flight back!
It Wouldnt Surprise Me At All If The Miami Heat Swept The Knicks. Lebron Obliterated Them In Game 1.
I so voted YES on PROP 19!
I'm defiantly going :)
And its officialy the end of my era
Thanks for the Follow!
Gearing up for a big meeting that could break new ground for Lovable Varmint and new media in the area. Wish us luck!
Texas Senate out to kill our kids.
"It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye." ~ Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Done with everyone. Every last one of you can eat shit
Left work early due to my gimpy wrist. Ice and ibuprofen aren't helping.
Having fun at the beach :D
Guh I get more and more pumped every time I see commercial for never say never..BRING IT ON ALREADY!!
you'd still be mad at me !
i know, i know - i'm quite the athlete!
Looks like we are going to the Angels opening night game in LA! Part of baseball history... I've nevr been to MLB opening day b4
Congratulations to and ! and for their great efforts. Now, let's get elected
Great webinar today!
See, I don't think you are a realist. A realist would know its too early in season 2 know a team has cost itself playoffs
i'm unhappy about all of it... obama was supposed to end the wars, not just continue duhhhbaya's policies.
Thanks for the #WW shout out ;)
omg, i need to go to italy right now to get more food.
I love my Lord and Provider.
Watching the movie SELENAalways will be remembered
Lol. (X you've seen me around?
“:The Help...best movie I have ever seen. The message is unbelievable. Everyone needs to see it. We are all equal.GOD IS LOVE.”
: Also...the strike isn't all about Occupy. So again...no.
Tip of the Day: If it's hard to manipulate the floss, use a floss holder or interdental cleaner.
I sure do know how to pick my guys ...
And I'm back! says I don't tweet enough, hard to do with a 5month old that demands all your free time! :)
's keeks are always so entertaining! :) I love them!!! :)
That's say I have eyzs ku can get last in
So I went out of my way to follow this dude because he was begging for his 100th follower, & he didn't even follow back. SMH
Life is a garden..DIG IT!!!
Can't recommend it enough!
im at school (: chillen with aaron!
Sad to hear of Chuck Colson's death. He took his mistakes & used them 4 good of prisoners in 113 countries! Talk about beauty from ashes!!
Oh lol my bad
I know, he's become annoying now
ahaha how come ur up so late?
I almost forgot how lonely it was to be single :/
Food..! Yes. Thank Yu Lord. ♥
Research Scientist in Type 1 Diabetes (Research Fellow)
"I gave her my heart and she gave me a pen."
Thanks for the RTs! We hope you'll join us in volunteering, donating (matching funds available) or at Rock 2 Rebuild, our #Haiti concert.
just downloaded it thanks man.
Why did no one tell me about ? Thank you for retweeting the hilarity.
O so i did my speach today. pretty cool.
Jets down at half 24-3. Dandy Don (RIP) might be singin' early tonite...
weather is really nice actually....it's nice and sunny now and it's pretty breezy where i live.....which island are you visiting???
enjoy yr stay. many eagles fans here in the 305.
Love ! Thanks for being here in Nashville.
I wouldn't be so irritated at this dying printer if I hadn't spent $23 on a new cartridge TODAY.
Looking forward to inaugural PDX 1/2 marathong Sunday! Should be great weather.
Excited that we won the Bride's Choice Award 2012! That means we are in the top 5% of Wedding Pros nationwide! :)
wait till next year jakey
An honor, sir! RT : thanks for being my 500th follower. Let's do this.
Rhymes better than MC Hawking, at least.
between next week and MDW after that, it looks like our next opportunity will be June 4! Thoughts?
I would name my show "The Averagette" and the screening process would be "does not wear a baseball hat"
Drizzy on the jukebox
Big day for Cleveland. Casino opens tonight. Enjoy your stay! RT : So excited to visit in our new city today!!!
It's a long slow beautiful dance, to the beat of a heart.
My loan was approved (: then my sister took me shopping :)
Stuck on shift, pissed I'm missing
this is looking like a contest of who can act like they care less
Herman Cain will announce his future plans. Will he stay on the trail? Watch Brigdet and I on KUSI - we are live now!
love you too...
Yea. It's definitely a balancing act. And yet will denying someone access to porn or gambling adversely effect their lives?
congrats on your first 5K that is awesome! good luck on your next one
You ain't got nobody that can work like me! RT : I'LL WRAP YA HEAD IN WITH A FUCKIN RATCHET
Oh I wish I was at #cafewha? tonight to see #vanhalen I hear it was amazing ! Where is the video?
DON'T. RUN. EVER!
WAIT.. The pats get a TD from the exact same play that WASNT a TD from Finley?! I do not understand that stupid rule.
Here too, it's the only way, really. RT : sunday night... heavy on the pasta!
-uhm, nothing. i`m bored. :/ HBU?
Its OK, I drown out the sound of my Model-M with Taylor Swift music /cc
Yes!! Welcome home Hoosier native !
thanks for the rt!
that's great everybody doing fine tell your mom I said hi:-)
Yung KING 'We Do This' Mixtape drops June 21st
lol omg :x we will talk tomorrow!
about to put down a new song on you tube.
Palindrome of the day: "Won't I panic in a pit now?"
Had a lot of coffee, had a lot of sugar. Slightly crashing, but can't.
One of the great regrets of my life was skipping seeing at the Mid-South Fairgrounds in Memphis. Maybe in the Dells.
Hope you are enjoying your Sunday thus far! Always stay true to who you are. Just know there are sacrifices to all things worth having.
so did you get a new iPhone?
Pitt Psych Dept.: "Bomb threats obvious unresolved Oedipal complex, resulting in latent manifestation of Cathedral phallus-envy."
shut up. you know nothing about me.
Starting my taxes because: why not?
I hope you watched American Dad, Roger said it's sad that Artie on Glee doesn't actually need a wheelchair in real life.
Portobello, red pepper, tomato, spinach, artichoke, chicken, goat cheese and balsamic panini for lunch. Yuuummmmmmm :)
Monday Morning Brain Buster ANSWER: The average American has 8 keys.
#PepsiTeamInvite announcers bash Katie Flood "Dropping down to 800m, can't possibly beat Oregon" Not the kind of announcing I like.
oh my god you just made my night haha. they're so tight!
How is this...lolzz..
I have my Mom rubbing my feet right now. Long day at work.
I see hash tags for #snowpocalypse2. Doesn't the term "apocalypse" preclude possibility of a sequel?
Taking Blue to the vet for his first checkup. Lil dude is gettin big!
Who wants to be Vice President of Promotion for ? Promote "Do It Anyway" through word of mouth.
FOUND VAN HALEN SHIRT! FUCK YEAH WE'RE GONNA PARTY TONIGHT!
Not currently an ambiturner . . . Like Derek Zoolander's evil twin, I can't turn right
lol! hope you like Vancouver :D
Factoring discounts vary considerably, and will depend on the factoring company, and probably particularly on the age of the receivables.
Makes us sob sometmes, but tru RT : "in a world of fb & YouTube, y wld anyone come 2 a museum website?"
just curious, how were the companies selected? Any emphasis on women executives or on BOD?
hee hee. Mainly for the recipes.
Have the courage to face a difficulty lest it kick you harder than you bargained for. - Stanislaus I, Maxims
complex fiction, yes..but most don't invite it by satisfying emotional arcs. the holes weren't my biggest problem with the end.
good for you. sounds like it'll be a neat film
I'm Like SO HEAATTEEEDDDD
I couldnt possibly disagree with your point more That decision has exactly 0% chance of standing. But thanks for the RT :)
RT : Put it on your calendar #TasteOfTriangle 2013 April 19th. #Bigger #Better San Diego Non Profit for City Schools 92122
"Don’t sit down and wait for the opportunities to come." Get up and make them! – C.J. Walker
*smh* You are something else. What happened to you?
Hi Kimmie:3 The song I really love from you is Olive Yew(:
tip top meats at Palomar & I-5. Full on German eatery. Must have.
Lakers fans happy , but they lost by 29 and La cant beat Mia .
It is indeed Piney from RSN and of course you are CTLovestheSox. :)
So it may be time to bring in the bullpen.
I'd like to tell him to get his dad a bigger jersey this year. Nobody wants to see that tight ass jersey on him
ironically, I am a head exploding alien
search iPTT in the App store.
The life you live is the truth you follow. -Joel Garcia /
I'll try. I just don't want to wake up and be groggy. You know?
congrats on the follow/dm/rt carlss<3 you're so lucky!
Yall hve to visit me “: we gonna be up in Philly !!”
Phil Hellmuth on Dancing with the Stars? Please tell me this is a joke? Phil, you are like the Paris Hilton of poker players.
I am so excited about this trip.
why is it so nice outside?!
Making a gourmet breakfast. A hot pocket and vitamin water.
RT Don't know why this caught my eye so much, but our leading rebounder is Andrew w/ 83 total rebs. 2nd is Rose w/ 82.
It's not me, it's you
#IfICouldIWould get the thought of you outta my head.
We read about the fires. Our thoughts are with you guys, especially those athletes who lost their homes.
Yes! I think they're in the same family...
Did you notice his eyes are shut in one of those pics?! LOL Baby Goalies FTW!
It's very well appreciated.
damn ur pussy is so tight
Can you follow me?! Please?!
it was a really good article :)
I do. And made a reservation at Uva Enoteca in the Haight. :)
RT milwaukee record? barrett could mention walkers criminals to run the prisons plan
and ledacris? Really you couldn't think of anything more original, why don't you hop off 's sack you lame
Evan Rosenbaum W'14 wants to reimagine books and change the reading experience with EKR Media
Shakespeare's advice to Michelle Bachmann & Sarah Palin: "Give thy thoughts no tongue."
If you do yourself 1 favor today, make some Kale Chips with Nutmeg. Pretty much as easy as tearing up kale and put'n it in the oven. YUM!
are you going to let me follow you this time lol
march madness! see what I did there?
Not even watching my brothers game
we're adding green creme de menthe today as well.
why does it have to be so cold right now?
because i won't be able to go to california this summer anyways. ;n;
My pain, my suffering will be your comfort.
I'm going to your concert tonight! Hope your at the OC Fair with ! ;) <3
Forever an Aztecs fan's refrain: It's only a game. It's only a game. It's only a game ....
Just paid off a credit card! A friend asked if it was a food feeling. Yes. Food and good feelings abound......
I thought he got signed by Houston? We played against him when they came here
very glad you dudes came to the show!
do media and fans focus more on a QBs height than coaches and GMS?
50% more tentacles rocks! Maybe not a review, but a bumper sticker?
We're calling this past weekend's crack down on gangs a "success". It makes it sound like we did something really good for a change.
Facilitating re dig citizenship at tie col conference in June..what are you doing to make sure students are aware of their dig footprints?
Dammit. If I hit my industrial one more time, i'm gonna be severely pissed.
Now begging this blunt to please roll itself...
I seem to remember Kittydew trying to convince my DrF was easy
No Work for me Tomorrow! YAHH YAHH
Snagged axhamgames on FB. Wanted axham, but was taken by someone whose name it wasn't. time for shuteye. no can #gamedev for a week. :-(
REMINDER: Grand Rounds tomorrow @ noon in Gorman Auditorium, where Dr. David Rabin will lecture on "Sustainable and Effective Health Care"
HA! Fat Elvis! “ I like this new plan. Hit everything at Fat Elvis in right field!!”
I didn't do anything to youu...
