do it, i really dont want to go in the morning
im just smart like that
www.facebook.com/Envy.Protege.Designs <3
In Salisbury after #tourofbritain stages in Exeter and Taunton, will be in London for last stages Sunday, then I promise research.
I guess #GenerationX may be seen as slackers & underdogs but really we are philosophical. We strive for meaning & purpose. At least I do.
You can't decide a playoff game on an offensive foul like that unless somebody gets punched in the face. Plus side, Sox are back.
I am riding around and I am getting it.
Cooking with my dad <3
street lights are SERIOUSLY ALWAYS GOING OUT AROUND ME. this is bullshit.
Awesome! A big hello back to my friends at Crocker Farms.
What's the word of the day?
Our guys say that Apple has de-listed those who've availed themselves of pay to play….
Returned from South Africa about a week ago. Trying to get back into the swing of things. Very exciting possibilities for digital work.
I have time :)
It doesn't feel much like Christmas...
I can't run no more get to excited because my heart can't take it life is to crazy SMFH
Tomorrow - Flipper's Truck Stop Food Truck Rally at , 11am-3pm. % of proceeds to benefit Come eat!
Sometimes the truth is right in front of you but you are too blind to see .
L.A. need the triangle offense they can't play this new shit
OHMYMAHONE & follow me on this account, but don't on my personal one:( austin doesn't follow on here but (c)
Also we will RT everything I've heard from people about the demos, you should as well!
Make the commitment & mark it down on your calenders. Friday, Jan. 27th we will playin @ Papa Social Club, 77th & Burliegh. 9:30pm. $5 cover
I keep seeing the same guy at coffee shops in the hood. I would say he's stalking me, but he's always here first...
This cat is one of the most solid vocalists I have ever had the pleasure of working with...
wait so, if you thought what she tweeted that person was funny then why did she yell at you!?
Tennis weather? Whose challenging?
aha no ma' suck my big black spoil aszx dick
Children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children
aite well if anybody ask Im 6'3 now n aite bet!
you, too omgz!!
& it's smash on site if I don't like them -.-
I'm watching beyond scared straight •_•...I love that show. (:
#Livetweetingthepast this Will Ferrell SNL is off to a pretty damn good start with the W. plug.
A website gives your small business #credibility in the eyes of future customers.
It looks right at home there!
Safe exercise solutions. In NYC? We can train you. -MindFirstFitness
Lol my brothers friend was looking for his keys and I took them hehe it's funny cuz he's drunk.
I heard the rabies theory when I was in college ...quite a while ago :o). It is ironic that he achieved respect only after death.
of course!
Wrapped up an excellent morning. Love what's in my pipeline! Headed over to the Hilton now!
I'm such a noob - totally psyched over #wla2011 tomorrow!
did you go?
there anyone who could wave the magic wand and hypnotize me a spell so I can feel any kind of better?
I have 666 followers.. And I love every one of you satanic children (; <3 haha .
you are rocking that grey suite on the book cover! Can we look at properties on Saturday? Sweats and baseball caps style?
It was great, hoping for a dry fiesta! RT : How about that thunder last night #ABQ?!
March is a HUGE month for the B&O! Events for everyone! TGIF!
Well I'm exhausted
Want to learn how to fix your own car? Many community colleges offer these courses!
It's really upsetting that some liberal sites have conservative ads on them. I know it helps pays the bills, but really... ;( Not right.
I only see two and you have a hat on ;x but cute :-)
Today we are giving away 2 Tickets to the Autograph signing on March 29th! Just retweet this to enter.
We can't compete with Chevy Chase in Christmas Vacation, but we did install 50K LED lights here last year. Nancie blogs:...
I have no bad habits, except for one ... wont be wrong in people .. Honestly, it would be better smoked.
this halloween i will BE ron swanson. you can take that to the cooked-rare steakhouse bank.
we'd love to get some on board - NYC is a big place! We just got to Morningside Heights. Where would you like to see LevelUp?
Same, but mine was at the Coast to Coast tour (:
allenge I change my name on facebook and twitter ...!!
Eating at John Boys
i love my wife. just thought id share.
i hurt my elbow last season . im texting jeremy right now, and i think you know what im saying.
I've been called many things, but never foreplay. Wow.
damn :( well ill miss you too!
Are those same birds from "Over the Atlas"
They have everybody's phone. Mine just crashed again for the millionth time in a row.
Got your eye on EsJay gear? Have we got a deal for you, use the Spreadshirt Code of the Day: SPRING54. Get 5 products but pay for 4!
If you're running a company don't you think you should know every facet of your business?
Really not feeling school today but I'm going to go anyway, it makes the day go by faster.
I DONT KNOW HOW TO TELL BOYS I LIKE THEM
great job last night butch! Props!!
Yep, Saw Cool Asian Kids. Good job! Just keep doing more of what you do already. Love to read you & yr sister's perspective!
STARSHIPS WERE MEANT TO FLY, HANDS UP AND TOUCH THE SKY!!! Music today! HAHA!!! What happen to the REAL Music I miss the 80s 90s
It's pouring out right now. The way this spring has been it's 'March showers, bring April flowers!' #weatherwatch12,
from this point on, it only gets rougher
It's been 2days and the only message i got is from twitter "/ y'all can't show my phone some love?
“: hey is done a Justin bieber special.”. OMG OMG OMG
String Cheese Incident
Open to any change. Could be great if managed well.
the radio really knows how to make me go from loving a song to hating it by playing it over and over... including payphone.
I hope this means you are finally goung home!
Proud to have won Most Improved parenting magazine in the country @ the PMA Awards this weekend in San Antonio. We continue to grow/improve!
Just heard KISS-FM is going off the air on Monday. Curiously sad about that. It's becoming (UGH) a sports station
BaseballYouth MLB Fanfest has just announced that they will attend our Texas State Tournament and Fall Nationals!!!
same though omg fndskjfndsk i'll hug travoos for you
#EllenRTme day 163 learned how to crack an egg with one hand... No yoke!!! ;)
just had that a couple nights ago. Nice!
These #idol kids are killing the #Gotye song. Ouch.
I don't think joey Lynn did it I think Christies ex lied and Christie should apologize.
thank God someone got that reference haha
I like Alexis more than Amanda.
I just want everyone to know that #linsanity will never compare to #tebowing. enough already.
Results are in: 7% of Americans had HS A accounts in 2011, compared to 5% in 2010 and 1% in 2006.
As a rule you should question anyone guaranteeing 1st page organic results through their SEO efforts.
Happy Birthday Pac!!!!
LOOKING FOR A CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT? http;//www.taxproblem.org
Happy spring break ! Did you know that 62 % CO fourth graders test below grade level on nat'l tests for reading? Read this week w/a child!
Share some thing which makes a difference .....
my aunts phone wont let me call:(
I just wanna be gloved.
Who is the mob wife with the low voice?
Uhm it's going to beat Modern Warfare 3 outta the water! Graphics = Amazing, Gameplay = Amazing. Just awesome! <3
all lady followers holla at me
May I ask what you do?
OK, this I miss RT : hayseed
:( well lemme know
dont cry u can c me soon
lol....not in Alabama foreal... I was tellin Darius yall boys need to come back to pittsburgh wit me when I go for a weekend....
Headed to pick up my babies !! Can't wait to see them..
In addition to its role as a historic cemetery, this was the area that Pedro Menendez initially landed & was for a time an Indian mission.
how many people like to skateboad i knew that ryan likes to skate and rob
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn and relearn.
Hm...I wonder what class THAT could be. We should have had a lecture party. ;)
from where!
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend who drags you around to look at EVERYTHING in the museum... wait that's pretty much all of us EMPs!
lease, I like a new car every 3 yrs.
lol let me know if it works.
setting up Twitter for my Squidoo account
Hey why is the security line at #southwestairlines terminal so long? Longest and slowest moving line I've ever waited on.
Hey Krayl! Thanks for following us. We hope you enjoy our tweets.
Gandalf the white vs lord Voldemort?
Finally worked up the nerve to sell my DSLR. Going 100% film for business and personal now. Woo hoo!
WE NEED LIGHTSQUARED!!!! oh wait.
Sitting at Meglio's STL right now, as seen on !! 's design looks even better in person! Excited to taste the food!
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." -Henry Ford
keep up the hard work hun!
frustrated that I haven't started writing yet today... but I'm finally about to start!
Want to really connect with your audience? Watch what they are talking about online & jump in the conversation!
Teacher leave the room during a test: Elementary -*silence* Middle - *whispers*Hey Can I have gum? High school- *yells* HEY WHAT'S NUMBER 1?
So it's official I'm being forced to watch "The Vow" next week how great 
At National airport. Please pray I have a safe trip! Thanks! :-)
What's good Tweoples!!! Watched First Take with Joe Buddens, ESPN has been embracing a lot of hip hop lately.
rooting for 's Justin Hopkins on tonights episode of #TheVoice!
<3 ": Blessed to see another God given day #Thankful"
love the new commercial shown in the X games-
hey were high school singing group from the bay area, please follow us we need support
especially at Dade walking to class :/
nessa is making me stay with her in the salon! Ah!
According to during March, nine-liter spirits case sales in the control states grew 4.4% compared to same month last year sales.
November is here. Looking forward to a perfect fall #FirstThursday!
You said you play in the NFC South with Kalil, but don't know who another OL from the NFC South Donald Penn is?
its fake trouble. Not his fault!
Designer Stephanie Young is amazing! She's on her way to the top..she remind me of Lauren Conrad.Pics up soon.
goodnight for whenever you go to sleep💙 I love you(:
bout time! >8-)
Sending support out to those who were affected by the storms in the Midwest.
she drove down a rock path in the park and had to backout in reverse to leave and hit a tree.
you get the pics?
Im at my lowest point right and the only way to look is up.
sorry to be so slow to reply. No examples that I know of w/libs getting a cut of PDA revenue. Is that what you mean?
“ What we do in life, echoes in eternity. ” Maximus Decimus Meridias Roman general
Seriously, between Crumble & Flake, , and , it's a day of epic awesomeness - and exhaustion.
"Oh, I was shooting at the wrong team." -, testing out a Battlefield 1943 demo on PS3
Throw the Dice – If you don’t throw the Dice you will never throw a Six.
It was a smart business move, because heavy readers of NYT don't mind paying and casual readers haven't hit the paywall.
“ You know you're ugly when you call yourself ugly and no one disagrees with you.”
YOU MUST BE ON CRACK to sugest that Chris Rene has Talent of Singing! Original My Azz yea Right Keep Smokin on the Pipe Dream!
Come to New Mexico. It's not all desert.
off to school...cant wait for #crj104 class tonight! :)
the things I wonder hm I'm going to sleep before it gets bad
thanks for following. I'm following you already. look forward to connecting...
Thanks for mentioning us
Begun the excitement has! ORIGAMI #YODA and DARTH PAPER STRIKES BACK author Tom #Angleberger here he will be this Saturday! 1:30pm!
“: Watching #Brewers-Dodgers game with twin brother.” i need a new doppelgänger, frank from real world Vegas getting old
The background wallpaper on my little sisters ipod is just a picture of my face...clearly she loves me the most
Whoa! Watching #Curb's sixth season and just realized that is on there. Freakin'.Awesome.
#LSCONcheck out for amazing ideas of creativity. Use crayons to take meeting notes and boldly, courageously imagine through issues
such a noble cause they fight for. Freedom. Thank god they are fighting for my freedom
Yes, yes, and yes.
Murphy's Law - The largest vehicle always has the right of way.
Tweet what I want you to Tweet Dammit!
haha! I do NOT understand that at all either.
I like a lot of albums out there...just bought Lacuna Coil's new one....it's really good!
Sigh. I regret not asking my host teacher if I could take a class picture of the kids... :/
If you're wondering if KARE 11 has already let me go, no such luck. :) I'm working on EXTRA stories most of this week and next.
Not sure how I feel about you using the word "Bespoke" in your RYA Elearning Case Study :)
Done reading the only book I took with me for this trip (jet lag did help). Now reading stuff from my sister's bookshelf, 1rst: Outliers
Regrets and mistakes, theyre memories made
" Cheap bottles of wine at Mitchell's Fish Market! Wine Down Wed." - <-- go and save tonight tweetps!
You just might be a fatty if you ALL of your Facebook check ins are at restaurants. Stuffing your face is not a good hobby.
Tonight is a JS night. Gonna watch all 3 Transporter movies.
Our SCOUTS is a sick, sad joke for the CU decision that is ruining the USA!
Yea, the secret to enjoying it at all is starting w rock bottom low expectations. Then you can be pleasantly surprised.
good idea
Google Reader
would that be someone that starts with L and rhymes with schmana?
That is mortifying but hilarious
Hit me up if your making beats.
51 days till I go to Disney World! Wtf that's all far :(
Is it sad I'm kinda scared of the planetarium? Haha
Can tell when is not around when I'm the one to open up the office...yet the Vice Provost still got here first and made coffee.
#3WordsForYou Kiss me quick ;)
SWAMP COOLER TIP: Place a couple of fans about to circulate the cool air from the cooler. ABQ call 719-217-8546 for maintenance!
meet I think you two might have some interests in common... ;)
My friend sent me a youtube link a year or so ago with an interview Mustaine did with Alex Jones. It was weird.
Thanks for follow me !
Why did I even say anything in the first place? I shoulda left it alone.
where I want one?
Ugh, gin. But yeah, you can spend a ton on scotch, too. Just like wine, though, you can find some good stuff cheapish
thanks for the RT - have a great evening.
MARIO BROTHERS > Mario Chalmers
1519- Leonardo Da Vinci died at the chateau of Amboise in the arms of King Francis Ist.
forget her did you see the hot brunette in Matt Kalil's party? Damn!! Lol
I'm doing free tax assessments @ 2809 East Park Row Arlington TX 76010 ask for Katherine! (*shameless plug*)
no stop lol
Basically my trajectory—I went all the way to running ion3 on my laptop for a while. With a few UI tweaks, I've come to love G3.
damn u got nigga goin crazy
you definitely are the Twins Swiss army knife!
We think somewhere in between sick and #beastmode, but probably closer to
Oops! I was at the bank! Totally forgot about the Celtics game! You dudes lost that game on your own. Forgot to #RigRigRig!
I hate little kids. So much.
I'll check that one out thanx
Off to work soon. Come buy some batteries from me at Toys R Us on Broadway if you need any!
How long are you staying there for bro? Is Flex with you?
apology. Wtf auto correction
People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out..
Lol RT : for some reason my wife likes to call him "Hastings Millseed!"
TL not loading again
I wonder if you'll ever notice me</3 If you do I dare you to follow me... Pretty please!?(: <33
Guess? heheh I also see your new profile pic hehe pretty hot ;P
Its or something like that right?
Thanks for bringing the plight of the endangered bird Parus Major to Save the #ParusMajor shirts coming soon!
Insensitivity & indifference are twin marks of individualism and solipsism. Destructive to society and social structures.
test test!
i need sum one to go to bdubs with me
I wanna thank my childhood friend for giving me pharmaceutical advice...such a beast and u saved my life..lol
#bieberonthevoice as much as i dislike him and his whole aesthetic, i give the kid credit for actually singing. Flo rida just lip synced
#findsomeonewho can fill that emptiness inside you
RT:Next Thursday! is bringing the Naughty Show to Phoenix! w/ tickets standuplive.com/show_right.cfm… info via
And now you'll get many months more, I'm sure, just reinforcing how pointless your piece was.
awesome! thank you :) what do I have to do?
Dedication: NATIVIDA CASTRO, SIMON CASTRO, and REY CELICEO, love all!
Gotta beat this storm out of Atlanta. ☔☁
Guys you have to get in here.The coffee is great and you can stay safe from the rain.Try our Pumpkin Spice Chai Latte,or Gingerbread Latte!!
I just finished a 13.4 mi run with a pace of 11'59"/mi and a time of 2:40:59 with Nike+ GPS.
is thinking about how come all my news feeds are gone ?
that's my boy
PLEASE DO! But terrible timing I must say, cos I was gonna get off in a few minutes): Gotta go get gas!
tonight fucking sucked. i hate myself sometimes
i thought u ced u waz gon follow us not a shout out?
Want to tweet our thanks to for allowing us to make a wonderful little indie film. W/o your site, this film would not exist.
As hard as it is, I'm staying positive in hopes of things getting better between us.
SO PUMPED FOR BLACK FRIDAY YES
Rip hamilton tied his season high in points but probably also his career high in groin injuries :(
Could we look into the head of a Chess player we should see there a whole world of feelings, images, ideas, emotion and passion Alfred Binet
They trying to play me out smh
#milblogcon blogging it up!
Always drink your alcohol. Never give it to the ants.
Jus a month.. One more month and im done with this crap.
Aztec basketball is the only sport I'm really emotionally invested in
acupuncture is the only thing that helps my allergies/sinuses!
The BlueJackets..according to my non-hockey watching friends. Everyone makes the playoffs!! All kidding aside. I'll go with the Yotes!
NO HOT MILK AND FLUFFY EGG ARE IN RETRO BUT I HAVE NO MORE MONEY :(
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 286
thanks for the #FF and to you too!
I Must Say... Justin Biebers Single - Turn To You Isn't All That Bad.. Go Buy It!
wait I thought Rareearth materials came from Africa not China, China is just a major player in providing humanit aid to Africa? #Kony2012?
hope nobody was surprised to see Starbucks on top. That's a brand that consistently gets it right.
oh thanks! haha i want to buy so many things. IF I ever had a child I would make them cute bentos everyday. haha
lol is the final hard so far.?
yo I got a call ill bbl so shout me out while im gone keep me n da air im fin 2 swag out
Perfect your body by perfecting your diet
well it was brightened untill I realized I have a quiz that I can't find on blackboard.
Aw shucks Caryn, thanks - and I'll just say your b-sides & broken hearts is definitely one of the highlights of '11
Exams got me stressed, how can they expect me to express the knowledge I posses on paper that they call a test?
Dolores DeFina Hope, singer and wife of comedian Bob Hope, died today at the age of 102
Translation's Most Wanted Man RT : hey spud... Let's have a chat today
Food is not a pretty word. Say it to yourself. Ugh, but so good. (Usually)
im soo mad at myself cause my babyy sad..
Ben and the Steelers have more lives than Freddie Kruger... Stay tuned!
... Which leads to more laughter when I hear the phrase "I had so-and-so on my board still" when a player with no YouTube film is drafted
I know that's rite
Calm down you negative nancy.
we will be bringing you another new music video from shortly! stay tuned
I miss everyone too! But it's probably good that we don't see each other everyday or we would never catch up on sleep.
yesterday was my first day in london ... i made a random bet for 10 pounds that barcelona and chelsea would tie 2-2 ... odds were 22-1
Sluts these days... Go work a corner. You'll just make money faster. Lol
yes ma'am
What a spectacular end and victory for #Broncos against #Raiders. Enjoyed everyminute of the game. Go
I'm guessing it's e
Jzell records baby
Born and bred in the flatlands. We MKE Bears Fans are an underground cult. :)
I really need to get outta here
all you are mean.
: If the academy is evil, why do you have three degrees? Was you doing research on Satan?
Thanks for the shoutout on We will keep working hard!
Planet hollywood going live hol up
Cbeyond•outside sales rep-base+commission-benefits-gas allowance #Atlanta #Boston #DC for info email
is almost here. What's ur distance today? Make sure to warm up to prevent injury!
Sounds like an early start for tomorrow RT : starting work late today....
Announcing: ShopToko's The Distrikt. Shop NYC's Garment District - fabulous finds, all under $60....
about to discuss digital preservation with the #scio12 folks! Rm 5
RT : Good morning, all!/and good afternoon, too!
Thanks! We're trying to get the word out and every nomination counts :)
The Teehive has put together a simple easy to use website sales portal that is easy to use...
Next up #mwrc! A few of the BBG crew will be out in SLC next week!
what is that. I want that.
Happy Community day and friends!
Mary E. Walker- Prisoner of war during Civil War, writer, doctor, fashion trend-setter, only female to get the Medal of Honor.
Louisiana knows how to party, large up to all my family in the 318; y'all can expect to see me again very soon!
out with some of the coolest girls she knows tonight :)
Larkin: Copley's *The Death of Major Pierson* as circum-Atlantic performance.
ill have him call you wen he gets back i think he is cashin check
Looking forward to the next sighting in Cali's Inland Empire
Still grounded?
RT : Going out tn is ss tempting <<< me too where at
I'm one of the cool kids...I met Carrie Brownstein tonight.
Griffin's Hub Chrysler Jeep Dodge has strong relationships and is committed to finding you the perfect car loan company to suit your needs.
i apologize to anybody ive ever offended no harm intended honestly
do you like the condo? any complaints?
Last tweet was about my girlfriend.
Alone in my room. Since my brother went to Vegas my sister gets her old room back for this weekend.
First time at mission ranch....seeing new things n life
Should be dope :-D
Hmm..Better than Alex.. RT : Harbaugh is currently in negotiations with himself to return to the NFL and play for the
it's okay. Text me if you want :)
Excited to see what doors God is going to open up this summer :)
#gwsummit how do large companies innovate? They buy small companies
The young lad was jii going smack if I do recall correctly!
#Appreciation to 's gala presenting sponsors! , the David & Julia Uihlein Charitable Foundation &
Don't miss the Mel Blanc exhibit at the Oregon Jewish Museum. It's great and full of laughs. And That's not all folks!
Help viewers discover content and become visitors. It creates better customer leads.
OMG that pisses me off . he's a lame !
Flames Iginla, Bourque & Giordano at the NHL Store TODAY from 12-1pm ET. Come by for chance to win an autographed jersey and meet them.
Closing for no: If a client is stringing you along it is better to let him know it is ok to tell you no. Free yourself to pursue new matters
Run away, take my hand and I will never let go.
hey alex!
please let me know if you got my email. thanks hope all is great sweets!
you're welcome dude
OMG there are more home runs due to climate change? Shut up, seriously just shut up.
dang you, I'm at #bbwheats !
I think it was a bad idea going to bed at 6:00p. I am now wide awake at 1:00a. Do you know how much bad T.V. is on at 1:00a?
the dollar sign might be on another symbol keyboard screen
Days like today are the perfect time to visit the #nyc #applestore on 5th ave
My son would only eat organic for a while (he's 16 mos. old) but thankfully he's loosened up! Like it, but we're not exclusive.
Listening to stevie wonder #classic #makemusic it feeds the soul
I'm really into 3 Doors Down right now.... #NowPlaying Sarah Yellin'
Thanks for the #FF!
Loved this story: couriers elsewhere were so bad libns hid GPS trackers in ILL'd books & watched totally unauthorized journeys!
I have some decent video of him I am going to splice together when I feel better. I wish he liked me more.
aw I don't even remember doing that awkward. Was it for your birthday?
thanks for the RT! :)
Oh god, lol, you get crazy hyper on that O_O
hey what brand is ur acne cream i have this big zit on my face and im afraid to pop it
Too cold. Fuck school.
okayy ! (: gotta pick a day .
ok ill be look forward to det txt ( :
Hello Twitter !!!!
what station????
YOU LOVE ME RT tell me u love me
haha nice! :D and I'm sitting here freezing and eating ice cream. Lol I'm so smart.
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(5
its funny how people always seem ta find the tine for complainin. but everyday we breathe the breath of life is amazin.
I don't scratch my head unless it itches and I don't dance unless I hear some music. I will not be intimidated. That's just the way it is.~
Joyous Winter Solstice everyone!
lol I understand why yu would say that
:(.Wat is now miss .. Cant take to many more of these sad faces lolRT :-(
Listened to it and well done..keep it up!
When you are trying to get a certain girls attention...but you got flaws #NiceGuy slash #GingerProblems Maybe you shouldnt talk to
uh k
Ya? Sure - if we like what you plan on doing with them they are yours.
Thanks, James. Appreciate you helping to spread the word!
The traditional cheap Target DVD report: BRIDESMAIDS and FRIENDS WITH BENEFITS for $10, THE WEDDING SINGER for $4.75. Just so you know.
Nevermind. I was looking at a streetlight, not the moon. It's a really cool streetlight though.
Rich Forever.
going nuts with and a crazy bottle war.
Hopefully tonight will be a night free of electrical explosions. I cannot handle waking up at 3am again.
Im bored, grrr.
Queue Melvin's quad No!
your getting all into minimal huh ?
My nap felt freaking good
monday - check it out. i'll be author of the day at www.cookstr.com
lol I haven't either! I own the first book but thats it. I want to get it signed now!
Leaving late tonight (Saturday)
I am coming to the show!
thanks for the compliment on the website. I am fortunate to have a designer for a husband! I do love the new layout too!
There is no spoon.
putting #christmas lights is harder then you think .
Aw shit son....let's get it
Oh, okay! I still have the pen cap you gave me for my birthday. No, I'm just kidding. :P
More comebacks than the McRib! #Go Rangers
Mondays can suck my dick.
Damn, we get out tomorrow
Global warming is awesome, its like 65 degrees right now!
Samesies! Except I'm unconvinced about Tom Cruise.
Helping a client make their advertising more effective... the #1 problem? Headlines that are about themselves instead of the readers.
Company picnic day!!!! Are you ready to ball??
oh hey long time no talk. I'm doing good thanks for asking
It's gonna be the hottest day of the year so far. Trying to decide where to hide out today - mall or library?
All of the illegal mp3's online of the 'Thong Song' are staticky.
"If someone doesn't get killed in the first 3 chapters, I'm bringing it back" - patron to me at the circ desk.
I'm a horrible fuckin person
hey hey heyy
All 3 of us crazy but gorgeous as shit.
Ya no good ~
it's been going on for some time...some guys even brought a chess board on one 60mph ride...taped it down...hm...
How come Washington Post seems to keep articles on their landing page FOREVER. Do they not know how people use the internet? Am I wrong?
My Freakin Phone Got Stole . -_____-
DID YOU SEE THAT?!? #Aoki hits an inside-the-park home run to break up Chacin's no-hitter in the fourth!
Listening to them now! The Janes Addiction show?!?! How was it?
I used to think iPhone gloves were silly. Now I realize that when its really cold the alternative is using your nose...
Hell yeah! What band are you in? Better hook us up with a show soon!
Diseases that effects the structure of the macula, younger: central serous retin. older: macular degen, epi. ret. membrane
looks interesting!
tht was fast .... I never get relieved tht early when iam there...
Loud talkers on the bus.
oh my...lol
I should say *useful* features. I don't care if it has a tire iron attached to it.
My view: SHIT HAPPENS, get over it and move on, cry about it for 5 minutes then just move on (y)
OMG! So excited that Anya won Project Runway!!!! :D I've been rooting for her since the beginning! :)
Having a blast ice skating with. my friends .
Servicepack put me on!!!!!
Loving that #HillcrestDC is and has been the
I plan on talking only in jargon while at #ala11. Augemented reality of networking silos!
next thing you know...uv made more piles of work uuugggghhhhh!
You're welcome. I like networking and even mentoring if possible.
Of course not, I never said that. George W. Bush and Barack Obama have given us enough propaganda to last a lifetime.
Take it down & sell it on ebay!!!!
The worst is when they look you in the eye and/or have to avoid running you over when they do it.
We would love to have someone from join us at InnoTech Austin. Interested?
Solid post.
nothing much. U?
Glad it's Friday, but could use another Wed and Thurs to avoid weekend homework.
thanks for RT, Ron.
Just read all of Taylor Swift's 651 tweets...
I'm also learning that a lot of guys in our movement are passionate and educated but not very reliable.
my cats have spread about 10 of their toys all over my apartment from their toy box, just today.
Faded off the kush and I'm gone
what's been up little man lol
Bike ride on the shore
Thank you, nappi, for thinking I'm turning 27
This #redwings game sure turned sour quickly. Unbelievable.
Nikon announced that total production of NIKKOR interchangeable lenses for Nikon SLR cameras has reached 60 million
LOCAL BANDS FROM ANYWHERE CONTACT US AND BOOK US WE WOULD LOVE TO PLAY WITH YOU!
hey i'm peppering in some original tweets as well. Figured I'd been absent long enough.
drink more
Yay ! My new mattress has arrived ! (:
I would love if you could be my 100th follower Ms. Chachi ^_^ -Paolo :3!
so iff a mf wen came off wrong to u u would been mad now how y doin ms bell
I Love How He Can Be All Cutesy&Shit But Also Tell Me To Stop Acting Like A LoveSick Goof...Is That Wrong? Well I Don't Wanna Be Right.
Maxine's Chicken and Waffles or St. Elmo's Steahouse
If you can't do two things at once...don't try to
Happy Sunday! Remember we have watch technicians and jewelers on duty 7 days a week! #Paradise Valley Mall
What places of business are dog friendly in Decatur?
#MW3 with the Hubby :)
Families Helping Families Wed., Mar. 28, 6:30pm -District Justice Gibbons 2 speak on truancy, underage drinking, drug use & possession.
I need to go back to the gym. My jeans look like leggings.
Not technically for Christmas. But not long after...something came up so it's unexpected/last minute.
Salesforce is great! Loved it when I used to at work.
You're red, soaking wet
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
Holy crap TVD is not even worth it anymore.
Loved "To Kill a Mockingbird". Well done, !
Baltimore & Greene for lunch today 11-2 be sure to also follow on instagram for photos of truck, food, events and life
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows
That's a negative - in Central CA for the Winter Holiday.
#deadmanwalking ": For Mother's Day guy at the office is getting his wife a basket w/ cleaning supplies. Thoughts?
So glad the Vatican is launching in-depth investigation into the behavior that has hurt so many people. You know, document leaking. *grrr*
You should go for a walk.
I need fit single UK boys :)
Do your think this awesomeness exists only in these follicles? I've gone non-corporeal. My reach is everywhere.
I LET GO AND LET GOD... NOW WATCH HIM WRK ME THRU DIS SITUATION. I CLAIM DIS IN DA NAME OF DA LORD:-)
Its possible but its only possible to go back in time as far as the point in time when you turned on the machine. Not further.
Had a night out with my dad ☺
"Humor is also a way of saying something serious." - T.S. Eliot
yea I like it there!
I have long believed taxpayers make better use of their money than the government ever could.
In commemoration of Yom HaShoah, OVS invites you to attend a screening of “May Your Memory Be Love” on Thursday, April 8 at 7:30 P.M.
canucks with the great win, back in vancity on sunday
Trutein protein is delicious. I would drink this if it was bad for me.
That sounds like a great time, I know what I'm doing next Tuesday!
not at all...it's the people who are
hey showin love follow me
Suggestions for #FollowFriday ~~>
lol glad u agree
just listening to getting ready for my finals today
RT : Ditto! RT : Thanks for coming to the #jazzed panel! Great to meet....
Just spent 20 mins waiting for service at beachwood! Asked bartenders twice for a server...wow what terrible service here!!!
yeahp they were!
weren't we talking about a budget getting a vote of 0-99?
people and their unruly judgments
THE VOICE FINALE!
yeah nbd I guess, what's lakers series at right now?
C'mon Atlanta
woke up this morning feeling good hope this happy moment last
“Four things support the world: the learning of the wise, the justice of the great, the prayers of the good, and the valor of the brave.”...
Have to go. Unfortunately have a meeting. Will catch them next time.
RT - Upset Pick Miami Dolphins over Houston Texans.Not impressed with Houston's win over Colts but am impressed with Dolphi...
Thank god there's a Victoria's secret in main street or else I'd be screwed for mothers day
grandma need to hurry and finishing cooking im hungry.
Come and drink the night away eats, live beats...the perfect treat!
Pitch black & chronicles of Riddick. Both good in different ways.
Some suggest short, strong words are just as effective. NO. The human voice is far more variable than the training click.
Oohh Yeah, It's T-shirt Time, Yeeahhh!!!!
Chasing cats is fun. I live with two- a brother and a sister and they like to play along. It's one way to get exercise!!!
If you need to be inspired by a fake Will Smith Twitter account, you're an asshole.
In other words, Meghan has something he once possessed and for which he now longs.
I WANNA SEE KATY PERRY'S 3D MOVIE SXDFHYESWXDBHYEWUQSDXBH
My head hurts..
#commercial #callback and #pilot #audition... WOO! busy in the best way :)
Boston does it right.
CN2 Sports 2nite: talks about his UL days and career overseas, & we talk w/ owners of Hansen & more Derby & Oaks interviews
I'll always be your Twin
I'm to tired.
#NYActors - Paul Fouquet is casting 5 roles for the play "The Whale." Details in the app, and new hard-to-find castings every day!
nothing like some heat transfer to get the pregame going.
Couldn't agree more.
24 hrs after my original departure time from nyc, now leaving detroit. wanna be home.
First time day drinking...I'm very rusty.
he loves us. If he loved just our money he wouldn't do all the things he does for us now. & so what if he doesn't know we (c)
Thinking I should start dressing exclusively in grey sweats and complete my transformation into Strong Sad.
Tomorrow is March 1- You know what that means? Only 2 more weeks until Donation Weekend at Champion's Pub Milwaukee!
it's not slash and duff that are the hold ups, it's Axl, cuz he is ya know.. Crazy.
well has been trying to get me to start that flavor club forever. I don't know honestly. might tho!
I'm still finishin up my extern! This is my last week though, pretty positie i'm gettin hitred in june.
Suggestion: Palin and Bachmann should jointly invest in a staffer with at least junior high knowledge of the Revolutionary War.
I see that's why Canadians and Australians are so miss-understood.
Oh yea with my love of 4 years cheers to a great night !
Absolutely! Glad I voted smart, too!
looking forward to seeing you!
Great to see and Mycelium School at #SEEED2012 at Brown University
Time for a bath! 
You bet. Keep up the good work. Hope you guys had a good time at the show.
I'm at brooklyn bowl darling. Don't tell your friends, or I'll never get in
How you doing sir? I spoke to someone from your camp inquiring if you guys were looking for artists?
So now you know everything about super heroes because you've seen Avengers?
Off to the first board meeting of the year! exciting to plan all the events that lie ahead!
you were supposed to eat Jamaican with me! 😠
Just restored and delivered 3 prints from the 1940's + 50's! I love the look on people's faces when they see the work.
YES!!! WERIC CHAT ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!!
they have a baby mama......due late summer!
Fuck happened to Cleo... I'm tryna call that bitch about my future.
First juicing experience today. Pretty good.
Not watching it, but crazy ref missed that hit.
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: your doppleganger's corpse, an incredibly awkward funeral, doppleganger's mom crying on your shoulder
your welcome!!
Research and Markets: Global Flexible Endoscopy Devices Market 2011-2015 Discusses That the Unavailability of Skilled ...
"When a book and a head collide and a hollow sound is heard, must it always have come from the book?" -- Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
Don't know that I expressed this enough last night: the were
thanks for hosting #cas360. Really cool space!
Whoa Whoa Whoa! #WhoDiesOnCommunityTonight? Definitely gonna take a break from the #NFLDraft tonight to check that out. Both start @ 7pm cst
Thanks Dave! RT : New friends for #FF give them a follow!
#LATrafficAlert 1 person ejected and 2 trapped in their vehicle on the 405 Southbound at Burbank Blvd. Looked deadly people. Take care!
so how's that story XP
“The old believe everything: the middle-aged suspect everything: the young know everything
It's never too late to give someone a second chance.
Back at it. Mile done and my knees aren't even hurting. What's up, bitches?
That is R Mon. nite sched! RT : Clearing my Monday sched for a night of : #Eureka, #Warehouse13 & the premiere of #Alphas!
Mercury is in Aries today. Whew watch the sparks fly.
I just listened to your lecture on my IIN iPod and it was truly inspirational, I hope that I can cure my food issues like you!
dear everyone I'm texting, I'm peeing right now... right as I write you back saying, "right on! haha" love, B.
Finished my geometry quiz. ALL BY MYSELF.
First chair anyone!?
Q said it was a disgrace tonight.
We are all orfans
blazers! #RipCity #Uprise is back and as clutch as ever
Kimba should be there!
Major news outlets reporting Osama Bin Laden is dead
Slidin to the beach with them boys and ..
Speechless. Dad just came in to ask for resources for his 12th-grade son's report. No son in sight.
Calling Pompton Lakes and Hawthorne Boys Basketball tommorrow for MSG VARSITY!!!! Should be a battle baby!!!
Latest #Irene update: Beautiful in Miami...
It's tough to cut that off with a piano on your back.
I'd dream of getting 5 hours of sleep some night this week, but that would require actually getting 5 hours of sleep some night this week.
RT “: RT : Alright you guys something is up. That Gibleys vodka was not right”
wow!! moved up some more in the past hour. keep those #pepsirefresh votes coming in. text 110321 to 73774 to help us end poverty!
Really trying to resist live tweeting during #TheBreakfastClub. This film is a national treasure of the 80s.
RT : a few key #cre community members.
finally I can get "Air Bud: Curling Canine" off the ground.
Love it!!! Great show! I
hi everybody I'm guest tweeter today for one clue on who I am? I love TMNT
There are certain people I'm so close to that when I get a text from them, I can hear their voice reading it to me.
your survey link is to a college porn sight. U got hacked or is it a sick joke?
Give it up for goin down souh for an ohio winter! Am I right?
I was saying your better then joe. You can't be mentioned in the same sentence as me yet. Maybe one day but I doubt it
Aww, you think so? And you my dear, make Prince Charming look like roadkill
1:30 my house see you then:)
I'm hiding from the storm til the damage gets done!!!
Thank you!!!
Chicago movie marathon: the vow now the breakup
We have our Day 10 #SpringMadness WINNER!!! ***AMY SEYMOUR*** is the lucky winner of the Roku LT Streaming media player!
WFUV loves Levon Helm. You and your family are in our thoughts and prayers.
we want a global perspective.
their previous low...24 vs UM. #GoBlue #defense. RT “: HALF - UM 25, OSU 20 - Ohio State's lowest scoring half of season”
LOL, ok I like that better.
#WhenIWasLittle and I used to play in cardboard boxes that we took from HEB. :)
I love RnB more than any other type of music. Well that and jazz intrumentals.
meteor shower last night was amazing!!!
college loans would have been affordable if you didn't prolong imperialism.
Watching THS of Very inspiring and making me think my 2 hour commute daily to and from work is worth it.
“: I wanna rape you baby ”
Oh no... Sorry to hear that! :(
bro, leading worship tomorrow night + Krispy Kreme + Jesus!!! PEOPLE I urge you not to miss out.
Hey see you soon! =] Come back so we can go hard in the paint with ! haha miss ya!
Don't be a punk. Decorate an egg.
we're huge in Japan.
Here for final rehearsal before showtime at 3p!!!
No problem yo... Respects given where respects due.
Mariners score THREE on Nieves miscues. After catching a lineup, he throws it away and two score. Wild pitch scores 3rd. 3-1 Mariners.
My TL suck ass
Did you watch the Heat today? :(
I should be asleep right now, but I am having fun on the PC... I dont login much anymore, and I've missed a bunch from my cell lol
- Yes you can! -RTN
sauce should go on EVERYTHING.
american pie?
Archives fair was a blast! Thanks to all who came out, and thanks to Cabell for hosting!
Get your drink on!!!!!
Today, I readjust my sights and aim even higher. I no longer see my path as difficult. I have the ability to soar. I am ready to receive.
If I wake up 5 minutes late I flip out
crying because I can't play<<<<<
interview at 10....photoshoot at 2...then to the mula!!! busy busy day!!! im def gonna need coffee and donuts this morning!
RT : Is this how you spend your time online? RT : Infographic: What are people doing online?...
Woot! "Startups used to be a Silicon Valley phenomenon...but now seeing a democratization of entrepreneurship"
We'll see you at the NM State Fair Live Stock Auction...great things to come today!
Oscar Party Menu for Kids You don't have to be a Hollywood star to throw an Oscar party. Make it an Oscar-themed kids' birthday party or
I think you have a pretty good idea who I like today!
How were they not underdogs against Boston in 2008? I thought Boston was the better team by far!
Twin Peaks day!
Wait a minute where are the males in the pregnancy prevention system?
Your lips, I could kiss them all day if you'd let me.
RT : Cancer Foundation Auction .... ringholz sold. Houser sold. Romero sold. St. Clair sold...! Santa Fe community here...
Boston you fooled me once again! I will have to endure the next 5 chilly days until I take off for sunny san juan!
On the border with the family
Check out our new background! Here comes the sun!
i am thinking so too
Nonsense RT What NC State's Gottfried SHOULD have said in pregame speech: If you win, I get a $125K bonus. That's motivation.
We have a fucked up system. Republicans hatin on democrats that's n office, fucked up governor n fucked up mayor. Crazy Word n Jeezy voice
I remember you saying the exact same thing about the dude from King of Queens.
bout to wash dishes /:
powerful and impactful message today I look forward to many more.
Bahahahaha RT Morneau is going to come off the DL crushing, #Twins are going to play .600 ball the rest of the way....
Currently enjoying my favorite part of the gym when all the hard work is done and I can FINALLY relax.
"Bruce Lee was an artist.Lke him I try to go beyond the fundamentals.I want the public to see a knockout in the making." —Sugar Ray Leonard
Darius, jones, Cobb, and moncell linked together singing along to Jackson five definitely is my highlight of working at trust.
Well that was quite the random rainstorm in Milwaukee. Seemed like a hurricane @ one point. But already here comes the sun & chirping birds.
Happy Mothers day !
How are our awesome fans today? How was everyone's weekend?
The white people are all guna be in the city today for the red sox 100th anni ...
I'm a sucker. I knew something was up.. The #Twolves fan in me made me respond in hopes to defend K Love.
#littlehurricanne is a pretty amazing band. Like how its a guitar and drums duo and there is a girl playing the drums
wish the world would see Jesus for who He is and not what they've heard. Guess we'll have to show them!
Roses are red, violets are blue. You're with her, I'm happy for you. Violets are blue, roses are red. Just kidding, I want her dead.
I just finished the film, Hugo. Please do see it, if you ready have not.
Great time up north, stuck a turkey and did good at casino!
it's cute!
Cleaning up my room
I came home to go to bed. And now I'm on my second episode of Storage Wars.
I can't stand bitchassness
First post! We are now live! Follow our feed for inspiring tweets of contemporary American Socialists as they work for transformation!
thank you so much for my card. This is why I love you!!
Calvin Johnson deserves every penny of that money he's a beast
I love so so so much
First place!
RT : RT : Your presence alone is a gift. Wherever you are, whoever you’re with, be there! ~
can't wait to see you in Portland!!
Even broken hearts may have their doubts
If you're thinking of buying a Windows phone, I guess you might want to wait.
How do we setup the email forwarding system like we have had with packagetrackr?
We'll miss you in Chi Town. Good luck, you're a class act.
Thx for gettin my charger! I had just gotten it 2 wks prior.Hate it when i leave stuff. I even left my credit card at PH yesterday!
it was 40 in MIA last night
wow I didn't know you were turning 47 today. I would have never guessed it. You don't look a day over 45. Haha
Here comes and his speech
Vegan 101 Season 2 starring Eric Roberts is an official selection at LA Web Fest 2012!
very nice!
It keeps getting in my way!
FedEx doing some business printing & business
we're sampling at Wheatsville at the moment, plus we have donuts there Thursday thru Monday >;o)
JP is so bored in class tonight
On the opening ceremony of your boutique, invite all those who are important for building your business
Take action: write 2 support CA library state & federal funding:sample letters 4 yr legislator @ Facebook.com/savecalibs
Seeking writers (reviews, interviews) for AFI FEST website (Nov 4-11). PM me if interested.
me to. Cant wait til you two bitches come home lol
I DO
how about Goran Jordan
Help me with prayers that this depression could leave me alone:,(
Don't do this. RT : 4 Online Marketing Mistakes That Small Businesses Should Avoid | Noobpreneur Business Blog...
What a world. Just had a talk with a person interested in hosting a DreamShield 11/11/11 event in Morocco.
Going to head out into the wilderness this weekend for a nice long hike. Just made the transition to hammocks loving it!
I will ask where the white women at though. :p
I hope your book is a huge success!
If you're gonna rush me, I'm gonna go even slower..
Wonderful to meet/speak with you,, last night...keep inspiring women of color across the globe! Hope to reconnect in future.
You know you're a photographer when you are constantly pulling the car over for the "perfect shot"
Sad to hear will be stepping down after this year. We need more people in office like him.
Very sad to hear about Patrice O'Neal. RIP Patrice, you will be missed.
you will ride life straight to perfect laughter, its the only good fight there is.
S/O to the baseball boys , , Even though it rained, glad we all got to see you play:) #Senior12'
So, how do you suppose will next unveil his evil plan & cause chaos in Seattle?!
How can I have a turkey coma if I didn't eat any turkey?
Awesome rite in time for my birthday :) thanks Laura!
wake up!
Who wanna text?
ah, I see it. I still have an account for but that's not me anymore!
Hate the waiting game...new site is live on my brother's computer but not mine. I feel so left out!
yes we are!! Come see us!
Omw to this graduation
#likecomeon WHY DOES MY LIFE SUCK SO MUCH. I hate back stabbers that act like my BFF then go and talk about me? Like bitch, NO
I need a nap , I'm so sleepy but my daughter comes homes from school in a sec :(
For the first time in a long while, I don't know or care about the exact number of people attending
We found grubs in the Hostess Cakes, we found grubs in the Hosssstessss Cakes.
It took me six hours, but I finally found the Coptic Fragment of Fourth Ezra. Take that world.
Executive decision; no ride into work due to 75mph gusts. I guess its the trainer tonight!
NIGHTY NIGHT ALL MY PRETTIES!!!
"Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there." Will Rogers
i think i smoke to much nawl jus dont be high enuff
#Party #Party Friday 1204 Angleus Drive n Brown Burch Off Garner Rd. Its FREE FREE ; Save The Drama 4 Yo Bald Headed Mama!
Thanks for the vote for better pickup bar first off, kirkwoods.
been hearing Titans plane flying to NC too...
Why do I always lose the remote...ugh
Welcome back! RT : Transition to East Coast Time zone successful! Now, if I could just get 80 degrees and sunny to follow me here...
Great meeting with you today! So looking forward to working together again soon.
oops BEST wing man ever!!!
Amnestying him wouldn't cost too much because teams would put in big bids and eat a ton of his salary.
Good call! I have not... only Pinterest and Google. Going now! Thanks!
My library book group meets tonight. Let the butterflies commence. Does anyone else get nervous before their book group meets?
ok I'm listening up??
Which trade are you planning to master?
that's good.well this side of the world is always busy all the time.how about yours?
Polls close @ 7pm you still have time to vote...
RT : New Bieber song goes hard. #realtalk deer just got hit as I tweeted that, which is a sign that I'm wrong.
I want a boy bestfriend one to be there for you n tlk on the phone at times like this!!!>_<...*lonely stage*...;(
No originality
It also rhymes with sunday.
Just give me an affordable flight and some sunscreen and I'll be ready to head southwest.
Why does it seem like Sunday? Halftime nachos + Chas Barkley setting it straight.
RT : #Aquarius are the most loyal in life and in love. Befriend one or fall in love with one, you wont be sorry
Finally watched The Descendants last night. Hard to see what all the fuss was about. And I can't be the only one who hates Hawaiian music.
Staying in tonite
Turn On Tweets WhatIsLoveToABoss?
Have you seen this video where Michelle in marketing talks about and his crazy
What places can you wear your underwear on the outside?
so now ur trying to tell me what to do!? really!? -_-
One tsp of sugar comes from a stalk of sugarcane one meter in long! A can of cola contains 10 teaspoons of sugar.Eat 10 sugarcanes lately :)
Bout To Post A Twitpic Hope U Like It
Gotta see "the hottest new thing in candles!"
What sort of animals make the best TV presenters ?Gnus - readers !
can you please follow me im a big fan ! :D
I just voted and re posted it on my Facebook!
Jimmy zerro says duke by 2.
Getting hotbox breadstix with their nacho cheese is an absolute must tomorrow
4th quarter I'm back
good evening, everyone. just wrapped up #libschool for the semester and looking forwafrd to a summer "off" (whatever that means).
what's up
I got completely SPANKED by Ranger in Arena Gate while testing single player today. The bots are greatly improved...or I need more practice!
Im currently washing my clothes for school toma...
Home alone with nothing to on a Friday night.
Today is supposed to be a new day, but this feels suspiciously like a used Wednesday......
Gee, you're so sweet...
Digging #stephencolbert on #morningjoe in Charleston.
favorite korn song- freak on a leash!! god love that song
I just saw the floor plan of the cottages at The Retreat and wet myself.
We really more volunteers to bag-pack next week. Friday or Saturday 6/7April. Your two hours can be worth 3 hours of nursing care.
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 5
Traffic at wilshire and westwood defies temporal logic. In addition to merchant's time and church's time we may need LA commuter's time.
Ugh why did I answer call way early this morning now I'm hella tired... Che mamon...
Pitbull concert or David Guetta ? Maybe both ?
When you selected your career path, was it something that you had always wanted to do?
Hey, check engine light, what seems to be the matter?
been watchin u since u came into the league. I knew u wuldnt go out like that. Best close in history
That's a great program! Welcome to #normalheights!
hey, I saw u twice in the last month. At 4th and b in San Diego first was right in front was awrsome. Last time the other
.: If we are going to educate our way to a better #economy, we have to address the growing skills gap in US. via
You know that a class is a joke when you get your pencil out five minutes before the end of that class....
Pat Nixon, U.S. Pres. Nixon's wife, broke a longstanding dress code among first ladies when she became the first to wear pants in public.
arent we all lol but when are u gonna message me ur chapter idea for the story on facebook
I wasn't excited. Til I saw the extra "i"s. Now I'm amped.
are you at warped right now?
Hoping your first night of classes goes well, #NECB undergrads! (Grad students, only one more week!)
this will make it 103
:) im sleeping with a smile tonight. :)
"hold the oyster mushrooms, I have a shellfish allergy."
The greatest penalty of evildoing is to grow into the likeness of bad men. -Plato
I think that post just raised your score. re: klouchebag
Alright! I'll miss you too! I love you too! Have fun!
what do you mean sis? live tweeting? fellowshipping?
Thanks for lunch today Tim & Linda! Always great seeing you.
Lolol! RT: Hearing Move b!+©h first thing in the morning has me ready to take on the world
Loving the time change!
Fave quote! RT : “Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.” ― Dr. Seuss
Yayyaaaaa. I'm off to bed, we shall tweet in the future sometime! Peace
In life we all have an unspeakable secret, an irreversible regret, an unreachable dream and an unforgettable love. ~ Diego Marchi
A good friend keeps your secrets for you. A best friend helps you keep your own secrets.
April is the Tweetest month.
hi sammi stay with ronnie he is a sweet heart and just about every esp. it remines me of my relationship
Search engine results come across as a 3rd party validation = more trustworthy
im waiting on this Lake Show game..
Good questions, ideas today. Would be interesting to backchannel #immvt to catch insightful tweets
BorderSenses Twitter account is now up and running!
As per usual a good chat w this AMhas awoken me from a moment of despair and slumber.
Great to see win the
"By the age of six the average child will have completed the basic American education....
I would advise taking a look at our online store. We have all the latest Tresor Paris just a click away!...
RT Im not trying to be seen at all this week. T-shirts and jeans (or sweats) til school is over. Lol.
I'm gonna be so PISSED if I'm on call this weekend 😤
so I was on the phone with centurylink and they needed my birthdate; when I gave it to them the operator said "you don't sound THAT old!"
yup. New complete in 2 weeks hopefully lol
Today is #BTRseason3 filming are you guys EXCITED.
Can't take on other people's issues, that's what God is for. Prayer is the best support you can give anyone. Send 1 up 4 me too!!!
i love mac miller <3
#lausd HUH? Cartmenez has some calculators, 1 computer! LAUSD in dark ages with technology. Oh, I need some batteries por favor!
learning is independent of teaching, but we teach b/c we don't want to leave learning to chance. Great ideas in the keynote.
that sounds like find :-)
Great definition of enhanced ebook!
aww no wories ill be der to give a hug..
Jazz education programs are rampant and every arts manager I interviewed in the field was a BOSS
havin one of the funkiest days i've had in sometime. not the bootsy collins type of funk. the unmotivated, life is shit kind. f'n sux.
AH! Dude i would've died! i did die like 10 times! Cause i almost mer atl, but no! they left earlyD:
that's great!
go into your friends section and click on the x next to the name... that's how i defriend people
RT RT Barnes is one of top center mids in country, big SCORE for Jays. He'll be a junior in fall.
Your videos are the best! Thank you so much.
I knew what you meant lol nerd
The manager says she HAS to swipe my card fast, that's BS & I'm gonna have the girl who swipes it slowly swipe all my gift cards from now on
Good ride tonight. Thanks, guys. I really enjoyed that one. :)
We dig it too.
“: we are so very proud of you and all you have accomplished.”>>>love u
Walter Lantz cartoons are still entertaining decades after they were created.
you say that like its a bad thing!
I think we all may get ADD that night. I dont wanna know what these dudes did going into the fight.
Where's Waldo soon to see a regain in market share
Yall check out his music is HOT! He really flowing im feeling this track called "Around U" but my fav is "G&S" <3 #teamchaz lol
Told my teenage son,"I had social networking when I was a kid, too. I think back then it was called "outside."
Apparently the US supports the people's right to protest as long as they don't do it here. RT
#nationalbestfriendday This is and me!!!♥
that was pretty
o of course young sir so when I get out of work we can chill wit delilah and then skate
me and say Happy Birthday for !!March1:DD
Hi! Thanks for following!
Rex Ryan knew that foot was out of bounds before the review.
and disallowing ppl fight for fair pay is going to save small businesses? POTUS chose tax brks, incentives. Shows diff in view
That Justin Verlander guy sure is good at baseball.
Hey : Whaddya say you hop a flight to SF to hang out with me???
I love it!
Maurice #Sendak tribute on right now! RIP
North County Times feature about our animation short I produced, animated by Perry Chen (my son), to premiere at Comic-Con:
Time for parting shots!!!
I'm in luuuvvvvv with your Avi!!! She has thee perfect little smile:) I miss y'all
I love kids.
Design thinking is a great development of that process, but involves ethnography, psychology, even marketing skills/concepts
How do you feel about taxpayers spending $500,000 to send Michelle Obama & Co to Africa?
Check out Realtor Time! Mr Realtor Time is changing the real estate market! realtortime.com
TV. Though theatrical is on there as well. Just feel like it's better to watch television. It's what I did with Scenes.
thank you!!! ahh i was so nervous! but it ended up being really fun. :)
I think he agreed with you. WiD was one of his few stories he considered art. He either listed them in "History" or in his letters
Softball Games all day today. Let's go Magic <3
I have been watching the news all day. I now believe this election has more at stake than any before in my lifetime.
La vie est injuste.
#AtlanticWoW wherever there are children there are 1 balls 2 your lap is not your own 3 all parents want the same for their kids
i know thats what i'm afraid of!!!
wish I could have hung out with you and last night
This is shaping up to be perhaps the most awesome day in recent memory.
would love to be one of the 10 in test as well
Just keeps getting better!
Your bullshit start smelling, and you wonder why your record aint selling.
I love it when it's more humid than it is warm by more than 10% points...NOT! Dying today...
=) Watching The Narnia movies w my dad since it's storming too much to go anywhere lol
Ah. Now the song is back in my head again!
Thanks for the mention COMAT. Have a good day!
I like Miley' s voice very much. :-D
are you going to consider At&t as one of the carriers that will be in the future list?
Dude tu découvres Rachel McAdams ? No way. J'impose une séance de rattrapage... You won't be sorry.
An Englishman teaching an American about food is like the blind leading the one-eyed,
Aw no fun!! LAX and the DMV are two places I could definitely see as fire pits in hell. ;) Hope all goes well!
Busto the 5k 6m. Floating around the Rio waiting for 10k PLO to start.
*Staring intensely, tracking her movements in the kitchen* Find out how…Yes…
It's FINALS week for - come to on Wednesday to help pick the winner! The winning team records a promo CD!
In my opinion they were good. You should remember haters gonna hate no matter what,
And BTW... Thanks for the appreciation. It's nice to know I gave up my job and a month away from my parents to help someone who doesn't care
Dear neighbor, really? 3 doors down?
follow my team
watching it now!
Happy birthday to the beautiful. May all of your wildest dreams and fantasies come true on this special day of wonderment
Raining a bit in Raw-lee. 'Nothing much to announce. Trader Joes wasn't particularly busy.
haha no I'm headed downtown! We're barely moving on 90 it's terrible
You know what? I know things that you don't know about!
how much wood could a wood chuck chuck if the wood chuck was chuck Woodson. Best u m player of all time. Stop woodley bias.
You: "Are you free tomorrow?" Me:"No, I'm expensive, Sorry"
Midwest & NE US about to get nailed with more snow. What happened to global warming? Guess we'll get some great snow photos.
c/mon we should all go. You gals and Henry can take pics of us!
It is not sufficient to be worthy of respect in order to be respected.
We had our first All Team Meeting of 2012....we have an amazing team with wonderful ideas!
Did you always have your father in mind for the role...great casting by the way!
next time, look at the lens, not the mirror. You so cute.
It's always fun to learn more about the dark underbelly of academia (and it's often very dark), today courtesy of et al.
Hope your finals are coming along well. Any plans for the summer? Wishing you the best!
what is mt shasta ski bowl
Lmfaooooo only me& my mother 😜
Why are half the films in my #Netflix instant queue suddenly DVD only? Thanks, fuckers! I'm officially DONE WITH YOU.
Is that a pic of Benny on your laptop? B/C he almost doesn't look real. Nil!!
This weekend.
"Snow flakes are one of nature's most fragile things; but look at what they can do together." ~Vesta Kelly
When we quit being bestfriends, I did the best I could not to let you see the pain..</3
Just saw The Nutcracker, it's impossible not to respect the work the dancers put in.
Obama spent $2Trl, now goina fix roads that will take over a yr. to get ready, it's too late now we r broke
I <3 smile flashers.
Lift him up in prayer, just pray that he finally grows up & gets some sense. LOL
How is it already 4:15?! Busy day, but wouldn't have it any other way :)
he will, he follows me .
“: Dear DOMS, You Suck!! Sincerely, My Ass” Is "Doms" my nickname?
I miss you!
Thanks you :)
Sigur Rós needs a separate username :)
She didn't kill herself. Society did.
is having a wonderful morning.
im going too beeddd now. lol
I really like this kid and i womt settle for anything less:)
Need 24x7 access to a #virtualoffice or #meetingspace in #newyork? Davinci can grant you access in several areas of manhattan! dv.co
#indieview a1: I like Doig too. And I 'm a huge Montana fan...!
Slept 3 hours last night... 1:50 a.m. flight to la Patagonia tonight...
Just a reminder the clocks go up an hour today
so Wht and Austin has a twitter
yeah even if the unions merge, it's a savings of $830 compared to joining both separately now.
Now listening to Spoon...it's finally Friday!
not sure either. Wish I could help.
Ugh. Another week of Tebow worship. Gag me.
Need some emu oil or H2Ocean spray? Well, today only all aftercare products 30% off today!! Just mention Facebook. Pssst-tell your friends.
I will be listening to my recordings again while you do the Breakthrough live! I feel it will be a good refresher.
HE'S USE TO ALWAYS BE WIT BIG BOI
To honor Tasha Marie Kniep's memory we are closing the shop all day tomorrow for her memorial service.
On our way to club liv :)
U.S. PRIVATE-SECTOR EMPLOYMENT INCREASED BY 170,000 JOBS IN JANUARY, ACCORDING TO ADP NATIONAL EMPLOYMENT REPORT ADP Source
One week in with my new Windows 7 system. Loving it!
Dr sue needs sleep.......
MarkDanielMusic.com is now up and running!
Nice shelf cloud, Alaina.
being lazy haha. Maybe gonna walk to Starbucks
We love Louisville! Keep Music alive and strong there! Thanks Louisville!
iPhone could be half the size of a normal iPhone, and it may have a strong focus on internet-streamed media and “cloud” storage
knock it outa tha park tonight Maestro! ( pardon my mixed metaphor ;))
I liked Jeremy Drake's answer: more people. We can do so much more if we have the people we need for the work.
Your a fake ass bitch:)
- amazing what happens when $$$ is no object. re: incredibly comfortable Bridgepoint chairs
cleaning a potty chair is much nastier than changing a diaper. for some reason i thought olivia being potty trained would be easier. fyi.
Fantastic! We'll be glad to see you.
Session at 3 today is a good day
Good one Jalen..
Don't be caught ouchea, niggas is savages..
it would be better if we were playing well, it's horrible! Miss ya mr smith
Huntsman blames political labels (red/blue/MSNBC) and everyone taking a side for the "great divide"
Ah man I knew it. Congrats man you are awesome!
Wonder if I should use my old retainers... Hm
my friend and I would faithfully rob a bank for you!
Melinda, do you work with actors and models as a makeup artist?
yea I'm out here
While shopping at RaeLynn's Prom & Social Occasion Boutique, 'Check-in' on Facebook or Foursquare to receive 20% off all accessories!
It's 5:00 am and time for Tumblr then bed. Hope everyone has a wonderful Thursday! Goodnight and sweetdreams my friends. :) *Hugs* <333 Shan
“Remember, Remember…”
Hope to see lots of Craft-O-Tron fans at the Gallery Crawl tonight! Don't forget to jiggle!!
LOL my dad almost got in a accident today when he bought his new car not even 24 hours ago...
eggs+salsa+toast=me eating dinner like a teenage boy.
good game heat played real good 45-17
welcomed its newest advisor, Stephen Counts, to the Tampa office today!!
I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine. - Ayn Rand
hey! Been away from twitter for a few days... Hope u feel better soon!
is that unexpected?
Venting on Twitter because no one else cares >>>
Right. Until we heard the price. Would like him in the mix next year tho.
Take risks
I had never seen a Russ Meyer still in person until now. Thank you
great alphas finally!!!!
By 1960, what percentage of #American households owned a #television?
UB: Come to an Info Session this week to learn more about Alpha Kappa Psi and the Beta Iota Chapter, Thursday 5 PM at Jacobs 122
Would you rather be cold or RED HOT??!! 10 am Power starts in 2 hrs and 17 mins. Show those cookies that there's no place to hide.
25 days for the half marathon race at Disney World. Will try to eat mostly raw food and drink fresh juice every day
Wish was home so we could enjoy the #mobwives marathon together.
It is getting harder to separate Onion headlines with real headlines coming out of the house. What are they putting in that tea?
heading to Oshkosh, WI for a 5K run with some fellow tour guides
I'm at the beach
Today in 2001 the #Cubs scored 8 runs in the 8th & 9th innings and crushed the #Dodgers 20-1.
Can you go to the mall tommorow??:)
please elaborate on this tax&spend proposal.
The view from up here is absolutly breathtaking. Cannot wait to come back! :D
“: I want taco bell!” me too!
BETTY YOUR AMAZING. LOVE YOU GURL.
Gee, your hair smells terrific.
That's gotta hit all the food groups, right? :)
really Thoo. Why can't they choose different colors lmao.
Plain water used for gargling daily helps to relieve #cold infections and soothe the throat. You can use it mixed with lemon, salt or honey.
Why now?! You care now?! Where was this before?! I've learned that you should care the whole time because you never know when time is up.
Example of when you need to breathalyze before you tweet after 10pm... RT : I'm the fuckin man, y'all don't get it do ya?
A. I accept your challenge B. chicken cordon bleu C. I'm okay with that lol
Beautiful Saturday evening to everybody, hope that we are spending time with those that we love, after all, life is but a vapor.
:P Princess the French Poodle musings
Olympus Group is exhibiting at the IAAPA Show Nov. 15-18th in Orlando, Florida. Check us out at Booth 3860.
Sunday Market best today - lor bak , rpp , and RACHEL
Seriously you suck. Its a Friday night going towards downtown and youre single tracking? Be functional!
SUPER RAD. Global hip-hop class? Students at #Oxy are so lucky :)
Really Babe, you wanna go hiking? I'm down to go anytime
Late Casher: money line parlay NHL: Detroit Red Wings and St Louis.
Lol... Apparently, I'm the only person knows who literally spells the letters "LOL" out loud instead of actually laughing.
when is your birthday?
Yeah..... Noon class was cancelled. Class only at 2 now, life is GOD being a lazy fuck!
#Today @ 1pm Nicholas Spilotro will present “the Beginnings of Verismo in Italian Literature and Opera."
*waves to Tomas*
Dang moving back sucks when you have so much shit!!!! Fml😉
the mid west is amazing. How's the city life
That would be great - thanks for the kind offer! Same goes if you make it up to Portland.
Green velvet on the decks..
im kinda hyper this morning! this sucks. cant wait til jerry springer comes on.
especially if it's too some Motown music.
