I hope I pass the welding test 2day so I can get pay.
“: just confirmed me and are in the building tommorrow for #murderbot”
it's terrible
Not nearly as good as the Playoff 12s but I'll take $60-$70 for 2 hours of work on a Saturday morning anytime.
Thanks for following me Lewis. Mc...KITTY <3! :D
Ugh i hate cleaning my bathroom!
like I said. Throw hard. Haha! Just do your thing Philly!
Got my # n dont use it...no more atleast
Not tired. This is not good
Nice work on the video!
Before when I was in NY: Me: "Matt I think I should babysit Ethan soon" Matt: "Message me on Facebook" WTH. -___-
Syracuse is a good example of how to honor long-standing traditions (in scholarship) and recognize new modes of knowledge creation.
totally following you
I actually have a hypothesis that the inefficiency and awfulness of craigslist leads to higher repeat usage and engagement
Cant believe I'm saying this, but I like Boston if, IF, they can stay healthy.
could be worse, could be sweatin that bad for job that pays nothing and cares less about you than the heat does
Not looking forward to halftime when I have to switch over and start watching football
I CANT BELIEVE NIGGAZ BE PILLOW TALKING TO STR8 HOES. WEAK ASS MOFOS!
Thanks for the retweet!
the best things we ever have we take it in vain
With the tan I somehow got, people are going to think I went to Cancun instead of New York.
haha it's actually not, but now that you mention it I think you did say something like that didn't ya? ;)
haha i just imported from my garmin
7 hours of training complete!
Cologix Adds 23,000 SQF in Downtown Toronto, Network Neutral Data Center at 905 King Street West created; Further ...
Only two days left to get your $23 tickets to Elitch Gardens. Enter "PINKINTHEPARK" in the promo box at elitchgardens.com
Other beers headed to Lake Louie 4-packs: Louie's Reserve imperial scotch, new, bigger version of Prairie Moon wit.
We must use time as a tool, not as a crutch
I need a lighter
#wordoftheday Abligurition (n) excessive spending on food or drink. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
All we really have is NOW so make it count!!!
Dana Zuber, VP & Strategic Planning Mgr @ Wells Fargo takes stage @ #BAsummit2011 to discuss "data visualization"
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH AND I BELIEVE YOU WILL FOLLOW ME <3 NEVER SAY NEVER
So I guess, I'll do a cover tomorrow and you guys better not laugh at my ugly horrible voice. :c ♥
what doo we have today!!
house sitting in hunting valley for 2 weeks- amazing- haven't picked out a gift yet- have checked out a few dealerships though
My cute coworker wants "comforting".. when should I tell her my idea of comfort is my penis in her ass.
good luck on DWTS!! :)
I'm gonna try bro! I kno I've been slacking...can't wait to tailgate in the parking garages! 😜
Happy Friday to all my sewing friends out there.
great day. picked up the good eats book and found muchacho vivo on myspace. nice going so far, 2010.
you didn't happen to see a box behind the bushes? We had a bunch of Obama stuff delivered and someone stole most of it
Rebecca, I really enjoyed watching your TED talk on taking back the Internet. Do you see any progress happening in that direction?
Essential Workflow Changes: Looking for Success, Not Perfection - via Michael Allen
Freedom. Liberty. Drink. Drank. Drunk.
"I live by the standards (that) got me to the rank of Eagle Scout and I continue to have that kind of integrity,”
Dear prospect: don't pad your RFQ with 4 rounds design, 3 trips, and extra phases in 2 mos... unless you really want to pay for them.
Facebook lets you know what everyone's bathroom looks like...
in the ATL
we going in today!
thanks for following me back :-)
I moved to this city a Hurricane Katrina evacuees with nothing. Look where my family and I are today.
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
Hm I have you down for July 20 in Maryland
Not feelin this anymore
Thanks for the RTs, mentions:
Good luck, Julie!
Good thing I got to work early this morning to get ahead of the day.
hahaa you're good!
agreed. I don't think that one is quite as common, but maybe I'm just missing the well of treasury.
Soulja slim be kicking my ass
How are my FAVORITE girls in the universe?! Lol! How was your mothers day hm?? I hope you guys had alot of fun! :DD
please follow me!!!! Plezzzzz
Yeah baby, "and holding" never felt so good. ;o)
Wondering what to do with all those ink pens you have laying around? We'll take 'em! Our guests go through pens like they go through sugar!
Great job
White House refuses to comment on #TroyDavis. Cowards. I wont vote for the Republicans, but you just lost a supporter. 4 Words.
Have you had your wisdom teeth out? No idea what they call them in Portuguese.
so, what was in the crock pot? Was dinner good?
Okay since we're up 7-1 #Yankees ... I'm gonna switch back to the NBA Playoffs.
I've returned to twitter
my summer class schedule is really about to mess things up...
Driving + Texting = crash. SethMacFarlane + crash = more PR for your movie.
My legs are killllin me.
I love you more!
Just finished college!!
My headphones and Privacy screen protector came today. Yay 🎉🎈
I could make a record label a lot of money
I smoke good err day :)
Tweet Watching!
Don’t hold to anger, hurt or pain. They steal your energy and keep you from love...make the best of today!
Thanks for the article! So we're not crazy after all! ;)
Brilliant! RT : It's been a crazy day and I'm still in my tennis clothes....getting biz done! :) happy girl #LuvMyLife &
: Who is ur favorite band?!
fast! I nbox my number luv
#1dfact harry ate something containing bread today
I just checked out a map to see how far Shepherdstown is from where my family in #WV is - never been to that panhandle part!
Im not perfect. But i keep trying. Cause thats what i said i would do from the start. Im not alive if im lonely. - Hedley;*
4 yrs ago some lefties wanted him to be POTUS. HAH! MT : VIDEO. John Edwards has a lower favorability rating than Charles Manson.
Seriously makes my skin crawl... Does this guy have a job? Makes Bachelor Pad hard to watch. He is so rude!
he thinks he's famous it bothers me ..
At the HCI Strategic Workforce Planning Forum-adoption is accelerating. Global best practice companies are here, engaged, and seeing results
I love you :)
Three game 7's in two nights.
I didn't jinx Sammy!
No I couldn't go. “: Will you be in Chandler's corner tomorrow night?”
“: no #bitchassness in my presence ”
can you please change? I wouldn't like it very much if you died! Missed you in Chicago last week...
I am an Engineer, I serve mankind, by making dreams come true.
lol we will see. You gon have to me to jail
please take care and see you soon :)
Somebody hacked my twitter and i dnt knw my password but i can still tweet off my phone smh
Great Art! Thanks for sharing them! :-)
:* here I am! Have fun rolling in the snow!
Got my expander off. (: No more lisp and no more slurping. I absolutely love it, but it feels weird.
I miss you :(
Ugh...My sister is asking me to help plan her 21st birthday in Vegas.
Dang girl sorry. Not the norm for sure. Get on in there for a drink on the house. Just show this to your server. Cheers.
Thanks so much for the mention!
Spring allergies are killing my concentration! Is anybody else plagued with this??
Nothing lasts forever.
Time flies by so fast when we are together.. I just want you to stay . 
thanks! -jake
thanks! Following back :)
We've got the ESSENCE piece. Headline for Silver Sparrow review: BIG BLACK LOVE. (We love that!)
New song coming real soon
hows the foot??
TONIGHT! Readings with Mike DeCapite, Karen Lillis, & Dirty Poet at Bar on A, 7:30pm, FREE
waiting on my mom so we can go
S/O to everybody down with FMG. current sales are $50 Mixtape Cover, $40 Club Flyer, $60 Poster, $100 1 Page website.
marry an American? BC n Seattle are virtually the same...ur not missing much :)
Today is also Facebook Friday! You can find us on Facebook at "Mashup.com" give it a "Like!"
Hey Id like to send u DM question about ur photos but I can't cause u dnt fllw me. Can't find email on blog either. Pls msg me.
YOU SUCK.
Jacobs: Im an really disappointed Wily Mountain is gone.
Whether war or disaster, in the middle of great chaos and crisis, there are always great heroes.
Heathrow: Light to Heavy rain by 9:30...the gusts seem to be further away...maybe 10am?
You should be motivated by someone else's success, never jealous. Regardless if you like them or not.
hey ricky ficarelli (: we dont talk much but u did text me yesterday:) aha so thanks:) & i love u<3
The Music in The Wiz is unbelievable!!! Indescribable!! One of the best masterpieces we've been able to witness!!
is heading to PB tonight for College Night @ PB Ale House!
Espn's mug shot of frank mccourt looks like he had a food allergy
Hi Sharon, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
can I please get a little bit of knowledge
Yes. Get free flavors as well.
I'm eating with a knife and fork. The dish ran away with the spoon.
School sucks today , ready to go home.
Any idea why?
Wouldn't be facing the reefa if education was cheaper.
Awesome week ahead lots and lots of work.
Do football people like Chris Berman? Cuz I hope his throat catches on fire one day and he never talks again, ever.
87-57 in the 2nd, this is a rough one for the Red Wolves, Why do I have a feeling Wiley Brown will keep the dogs on...classy 930whon.com
Death threats? Really?
My #webdev eyes have been opened - #firebug allows editing #CSS without reloading the page...
AND SHE LIKES NICKELBACK
Who is that good looking guy in your profile pic? lol
Lucipher and Dri will get into it if there is a season 3 I'm telling you
Oh and say hi to the other girls! :) xoxo
Fox is a true professional, he's just excited to do a good job. I respect his enthusiasm.
There are three things life brings us: tears, smiles and memories. Tears gets wipe away. A smile fades away. But memories last a lifetime.
Check out our new Washington shirts great to wear to the game
... You bet your bellbottoms. Just gotta make it through work tn and I'm home tomorrow!
IF U LOVE ME TELL ME U LOVE ME DNT STARE AT ME MAN
you still out?
Tweeting from the air
Im going to see 1D. U mad? Zayn, im coming babe. ;D. (ThisWeekMaybe)
Drawing the best gift ever for Tuesday :) He's gonna love it :D
Thanks for coming to the Northern NM Wedding Expo - and congratulations to all you brides again!
I read this tweet right as beyonce came on the radio!
You are so beautiful.
Wow! The apalooza horse club decked out in their Native American costumes.
good idea...
I was in CLE cpl wks back n prior 2 that tlkd her on the phone. She now is 1 of my contacts for work. I thought about u.
Innovation, challenging, ambitious, positivism, enthusiasm, and patient are keys at this moment.
High socks ..... Low cuts ..... Wiz khalifa voice
have fun at the zoo!
Thx for the invite!
hey, how are you?!!
Hello there! No traffic sitting this morning...gonna be a great day!
Listening to Cobi Jones defend Keane taking that PK reminds me of Sarah Palin defending John McCain for some reason
Just ran 5 miles
It's always darkest before the dawn. So if you're going to steal your neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it. ~ Anonymous
I believe some people in this business suffer from fame because they behave in a famous fashion. Stephen Rea
haha, only you.
Seems like whenever there's an astrological event, it's cloudy. Like the skies are modest.
Watching the Knicks-Mavs game. Someone should do a story on the Knicks' new point guard - there might be some interest in him
hopefully by the end of the day it'll turn into a water slide.
I don't want to be a part of your childish games. I'm sorry. I'm more mature than that!
he's quitting to start marketing his new line of hair products.
& hopefully iget some callbacks and interviews next week..! Hopefully :) Lord knows im praying for it..!
Do you make any of these big Twitter mistakes? unprofesh, no profile pic, uneven follower-follow ratio, too self-serving, too many updates.
Is Lady Gaga wearing the rings of Saturn? Or braces? Or Saturn's braces?
lol omg right!? It always changes though. What sounds good in your head doesn't always look good on the page
contemplating on some things
Not specifically but def. some pp blues. Friends did. So much adjustment! Esp 1st.
it is a really great butcher shop
Thank you for all the advice! I'm a nurse so I need my back to get better quick.
may be able to find it in the discount rack too. If not let me know and I'll burn a CD and do the snail mail thing.
sadly, the narrative of decline has been with sociology arguably since its inception, so it's unlikely to shift anytime soon.
I can pick them up at the whole foods on orchard lake road in west bloomfield. Would that be cool?
For #NASCAR, larger issue if #D500 is pushed to Tuesday. Not many "super bowls" of a sport are pushed. Fans are biggest loser
Looking forward to share Dell's Listening Command Center at #DellWorld!
Happy New Year!
I'm honored (I think) that Twitter lists and as "Similar to You" ;)
Twitter Back to School Special: 40% off standard pricing through the month of September. Mention Twitter when asking for a quote.
at least i'll get this over with well b4 july. lol i hope.
I'm not hatin. I'm joking around with you. Derp.
Begin at the beginning and go on till you come to the end; then stop. ~ Lewis Carrol, Alice in Wonderland
I actually might too lol. Not positive yet
or take a piss and go get a breakfast burrito
Hello public history practitioners and fans! here. This feed is about to get more active.
#GetWithIt & Vote Obama
Its funny bt only 3 girls frm all the girls IV been with&talked 2 that I'd considered going back 2 cuz of there personality&no comment ha>_<
Doing a show with my good friends The Crawdaddy's at the Pretty Prairie Rodeo saturday the 28th! Should be a good Time!!!
editing photos
spiritual #sales tip: If you don't know the answer, don't guess! Honesty first in all things.
I was enchanted to meet you..
Trust me, I think I've got heartbreak down.
Womb things. Ha.
Detroit Tigers scored 18 runs last night. Perhaps the SF Giants should trade for some of those bats?
I would not recommend the veggie burger; hubby had the meat your maker - to die for apparently.
IM SEXY ANI KNOW IT
Damn lucky to have bros like mine who will always have my back
Valid point. But the Capitals are still > The Rangers. ;) New York City > Washington D.C.
dinner is served here too : )
What, what, what are you doing?
Beef Rib “Sauerbraten” with Spätzle or Savory Potato Pancakes w Ham, St. Bernard Cheese, Spinach and Creamy Almond Sauce starting at 7 a.m.!
I know there are blogs full of Google scanning errors (hands, folded pages, etc.), but my search fu is failing me. Can anyone help?
now auditioning for bass, lead, keys and female backups. PM me for more info
Most of your tweets irritate me.
Fly an always hit high, in you it will come true!
Really great acting class last night w/the WWAC! Some great scene work & it was only cold read night! Thanks Will for letting me sit in!
In 1909, Buckenham recognized as most noted landscape gardener in the world.
thanks! watching this madness at all?!
Poetic Voice « Breach of Close
Haven't written a NEW word since February. And don't want to.
Can someone please remind Sunderland that they don't really need a result? Maybe remind us to wake up too.
aight coo... im in dire need of a vacation lol
hahah! You are so right!!
It's always fun meeting people named after days of the week.
you raw....lol
hi you got nice pictures...i hope you dont mind that i retweeted some of 'em...bye babe...an old friend from cam4...x ac = b
Picture day with the family and new baby. Doing it myself because A) made the decision going to JCPenny is too risky and B) Im too cheap
Admittedly, I did research this weekend by watching fermentation vats magically produce beer. #sadlynocorndryers:(
smacked of HeeHaw, didn't it? "you met another and, bbblllllppp, you were gone."
OMG is B little liar!?!?
Never thought I'd be driving listening to AM790
RT BELIEBERS=FAMILY&i<3 my family.god created&brought us together for a reason thanks god&bless all my BELIEBERS
in pocket. AHH its so dark in here:/.
#EverydayIThinkAbout how we used to be & ask myself the same question.. "what happened?"
Ok, thats a bummer, but thanks for the quick respose
Get your latest fashion accessories for promos..photo and video shoots!!!
I swear , any girl that gets to date him will be one lucky betchhh..
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
Just ran 10 miles then finished a whole large pizza and a 10 pack of peeps. Counterproductive? Probably. :/
send a message to
Kiss me all over...
One has to hope that Vick is still feeling those ribs. No touch on the ball
Well, now I have a reason to travel to Texas next summer. You better by an icepack before next season....
Thanx! RT : Now followed by , interesting company [and] man. Student / Teacher of film, faith, & freedom. Ck hm out!
*starts fanning you* Bless her Lawd! Thank ya! O Jesus! Lift his name on high!
Indigo Tree Publishing has joined the Midwest Independent Publishing Association (MIPA). It is a good group of dedicated book folks.
Just watched my last movie of #2011 -Midnight in Paris by Woody Allen.. What a fantastic concept, done with wise & subtle excellence..
Double complete rainbow at random row with coogan's new project tonight! Nine o'clock. Donations!
I'm rooting for the West winner--I'd rather see Phoenix, but it'd be hilarious if Carter & Richards won in LA.
Why am I not wearing a dress today? I hate shaving my legs. That's why.
You and the general be sure to watch out for traffic.
RT : Liberal government is often about taking corruption & institutionalizing it! It's similar to slave labor.
i got those ones, there to fresh. how you been?
Derek Jeter has a secret habit. Can you guess what it is? Matt Vasgersian after 8am.
“: love you :)” HAHA girls got jokes 😝
Billy Goat Trail? Yessuh.
I don't think think so lol
Only think I don't like about being single is feeling lonley.
Lolz its Kool. Jesse's messing wit me
Hi Wendy! Thanks for the follow - how's WA treating you?
I'll take that as a compliment.
Thanks for the follow! :)
R.I.P Steve jobs
Cam is gonna go nuts tomorrow... guaranteed!
Harker Dirge takes on Torrac Hayes.
ok tht too
Russian Standard has struck a deal to take a stake of around 28% in Poland's CEDC. CEDC produces Absolwent and Parliament Vodka.
My girlfriend watches Jersey Shore, so when she catches me jacking off I always tell her I'm just fist pumping my dick.
3floyds needs to do what The Burery does with their Reserve Club that is the way every brewery should work
Austin is going to move. I'm so happy for him! ♥
so much for Orange & sharing service, 2 phones next to each other. #Orange totally useless, #TMobile full strength.
i hate how im feeling right now
☼ Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must first set yourself on fire. Fred Shero
exciting! When can we expect it?
lol daisy ur new nick name is blueberry :)
The kids just watched that tonight!
We out chea at #CafeFME wit
Another BIG one coming from May 12th #JERIMIH LIVE at
if he isn't feeding you fucking you or financing you then his opinion shouldn't matter !
go Christina I want u too win
Have you ever started randomly grinning about something earlier that happened, only to realize you are looking at a stranger while grinning?
Good Morning! Remember you are more than what some people may see!
Thanks to the gent in Australia that just ordered one of everything in our catalog. That is quite a compliment.
What a great life! I've traveled too and write about the Sherpas and Everest in Nepal. Love the cover of your book about Wendy!
Cellar Dark as well as Full House and Prairie Rye, now all on tap at Vintage Brewing Co.
Somehow my oldest son (10) heard the song "The Devil Went Down to Georgia" and he's walking around singing it.
Rights & Copyright around open data was a big discussion at
TVD SEx finale. Yeeaaah we are powerful!
We can't wait to see Ahren Hertel, Elizabeth D. Spurgeon, Jacque Dawson Tim O’Brien, Christina Barr & Joel Sherman at the Slide Slam!
Starting our joint Tweetup w/ #SFIMAtweetup - So half of the U.S. population has a smart phone. Now what?
:) Happy 1st Birthday
Brush up on your pinochle game for KIBITZER. One weekend only Dec 2nd-5th at TACT!...
me too! heartaches are the worst.
You are actually required to love you and me.
RON PAUL! YOLO!
Good Morning! Are you taking any risks today or will it just be another shuffle through your life?
I've noticed I'm saved under "Fernandaaaaaaaa" in peoples phones
Check out our blog @ tweetdonteat.com about the #Nike Training Club from it's AMAZING!!!
i wish i owned my own bakery right now . because i would go in <3
Yeah baby !
is already in love with the new bon iver album!!
No Lantern, but Martian Manhunter. And Alfred.
kinda night.
Lindzi? who'da thunk it. But seriously, Courtney? Ben is doomed
Special shoutout to for Re-Tweeting our funding post. You are AWESOME!!!!
- she does have her moments.. ;-)
Happy Birthday Michael Jackson. Forever the King of Pop.
Me and Mimi love Tacos!
That's news? New to Minnesota?
RT I hate when ppl ask why do you have so many tattoos?< i reply with "why u put wet socks in yo shoes?"
For some reason i think Dinner for Schmucks is one of the funniest movies
Been an Archer fan for a while. Watched an special last night. I think she's funnier doing stand up
Let it be known I have never broken a shovel
Congratulations indeed!
All Time Low, He Is We, and more this Thursday 10/27 @ Headliners in Toledo.
Yep, just replied.
Good luck... juggling takes a lot of balls... (hardy har har)
thanks Abe, u r the best!
That's $470/passport though
No one goes there nowadays, it's too crowded.
Smoked out, flying solo! Me myself an Mary ol green Ass lol
so did I (: was a nice nap(:
Indiana Landmarks' FREE Monument Circle Walking Tours start at 11am at Borders, 11 S. Meridian.
hahahaha! don't drag me in NATHAN.
hahahaha she crazy
I'm a girl with class not a piece of ass
I got you!
Happy thanksgiving from the levee!!!
when you have a second, follow me and I will DM you contact info.
Tanning and then maybe summerfest with the bestie!!!
not only a word, an adverb.
yeah. Marshall is good. But i was talking about how they are good one game then awful next.
no sweetheart. u go fuck yourself!
why do i have this thing again >.<
scorsese's george harrison doc is at the roxie at the end of the month but is 208 mins long--is that crazy? will you sit through it with us?
Join the SD Public Library 2:30 820 E Street all April for Friday Talking Pictures feat. Gus Van Sant. 4/20 selection: "Elephant"
yea he really didn't have it like he had in Seattle. lost a step, got fat, arm wasn't as strong...
Ugh I don't like school in the morning -_-
Does Chris Collingsworth know he's on camera? There's such a thing as too relaxed.
haha thank u! Reppin all day baby
Yeah Remeber we kept getting shifted evrywhere im juss push them girls back and remember that older girl pushed me back??
thank you for the follow! friendly suggestion, add your website to your bio so people can link to your site and come visit!
follow my last link for 50% off fandango movie tickets!!
Gonna shower then hit the sack
Good #Monday Morning #Philadelphia, hope everyone had a lovely #MothersDay and a great weekend too!
Growing industries in science and technology have 2x as many openings as we have workers TribalColleges=CommunityCareerCenters
Top Latin Songwriters Honored
I do miss my ex but shit happens! Much love to u! Got to get this Money up so i could go forward in my life! Thanking god 4 begin by myside
love it!! Turn it up!!!
I made the highschool cheer team! Can I get a woot woot ?(: (:
DM me your email address.
so can U speak Arabic ?!
Thank you cardiac failure nurse at Canberra Hospital for helping me organise a blood test and advice from a heart specialist today :).
I am truly blessed
I think many exist. See OER movement RT : A6: What about shared repositories of eLearning materials via cloud to K-20?
you don't really *get* public transit, do you?
just saw a mass of intl students walk into WF. Couldn't help but think of you.
Who won the election????
When boys bring their goofy side out of you. ♥
Home and finally unpacked.
Sarcasm tweet RT : Bucks blow a 4th quarter lead. I have never seen this before...
Gonna go test out my knee and see if its okay.
got a visit from the swag fairy today! Watch party give aways for Saturday
Are you going to come see us at #SXSW?
makes sense :)
Ya it's the most annoying thing ever!
who else out there runs on #Linux? i have questions for you...
Thanks for the mention of our concert on October 16th!
wanna know what the album sounds like?? then check out the album teaser at www.brothersfighting.com
Whoa, really??
Rough start for the guys. We need BJ to get some quality games. MAF can't play ever game.
You Obviously Love Oreo's!
Heading out to AAM in Houston. See us at the Marketplace of Ideas on Monday, 3:30 to 5:30.
ahhj just the right ToD Oh how I wish I was there now ;) wish you were here now/ pink floyd
#BestSportsRivalry vs the bench
May Allah bless you & Your dear ones for happy & prosperous life on Eid Ul Azha & always.
Hey, man. Sorry, I got swamped today. I'll give you a ring tomorrow.
good job pacers make me proud every win playoffs soon go pacers!!!!
anything is fine, but if you're using a phone, make sure to hold it horizontally!
True friends are never apart. Maybe in distance but never in heart.
Jack3d is awesome for a pre-workout!
Take away love, and our earth is a tomb.
The Rage are still and always looking for sponsors. If interested please send an email to
Don't even think about it Improv Everywhere.
You will have a talk with the attorney of quot Nakhtigalquot Eisenstein Associates into g Of portlend state of Oregon :-)
It just hit me that I'll be living in a different town in a week. whoa...
Well.. fuck you. That is all
a wise man once told me that...
Seriously think i heard gun shots. Ughh the joys of living on the east side
My BodyBugg should be delivered and waiting for me when I get home today! :)
i have work in 10 minutes and im still in just my boxers
1 for my God, 1 for my family, and 1 for my love... crossing fingers for the best
Can't be doing that late in the game!
#liespeopletell I Love you
lol you know and I will take all the company we can get! We'll pack the course!
Join us on Twitter @ PDXPopALock
I dunno why but I am really excited to get my hair cut
that would be perfect. next week is all set.
That awkward moment when something touches your foot in the sea and you FREAK OUT just to realize it was a plant O_O hahaha
Radelet: "Period of 20 years of #Dictatorships and failing #economies still defines most people's idea of #africa."
Do u wnt a reso? Sometimes Fridays r rlly busy. RT : ....Looking forward to a great partner lunch today.
"You like Huey Lewis and the News?" -
That's for sure! Man, I wish she would say that to someone on network TV.
thats great! we will be in contact shortly ... is there an area that you specialize in?
"ever get the feeling you been cheated?"
Thank to my Followers so much . Love you guys . Any more F O L L O W E R S ? ? ^.^
Tweet BostonOnTheRun what you are doing today!!
Considering the roll-out of th…
I said all along Mgmt did not invest in this season. They put a team on the floor to sell tickets not win a Championship!
Loving this late season matchup live and in person. Race for the 8!
Party at katies house! #notreally well I'm going to be there so
Bradley's on the microphone with Ras M.G.
Still sore from Yoga yesterday! Yikes! Guess I do have muscles, I know this because they are SCREAMING!
he asks how are you? lol
First time I've remember what room my class is in all semester
FIERCE artists right here!
Exactly .. the game I've spent my adulthood loving and playing is falling by the wayside, it seems. Ugh.
Just got my tickets to Teen Hoot to see ! *fangirling*
thanks for the #ff love! :)
If u follow me I will follow u back
Actors in the digital age
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to !!!! Love you!!
wow guys! That is amazing. Keep up the great work!
Too lazy to work out? Me too. :(
I wonder if the first person to ever pop corn thought they were under attack.
good to know that limitation, i haven't run into those limits yet
oh yes! and he pays us in orgasms and cum drinks
Indonesia has a lot of religions
How about RT if you're NOT!! RT if you're HETEROSEXUAL and for STRAIGHT MARRIAGES!!!
RT : Congrats to Roll Mobile's own for being named one of the Business Journal's Forty Under 40! ^bd
The NBA: Where Jason Kidd vs. Derek Fisher happens.
Love Freely.. No coupon needed
London rioters are a bunch of opportunists. They don't really care for what sparked the riots! I hope they rot in jail
our Internet has been out since Friday morning.
what's up there girl....
": #MentionTo your friend who always comes late to school." pretty sure that friend is me....
I do! ¦ ": Who gives a shit about the #1940Census"
All I really want is that curry we had at The "racetrack". And some tiger beer. I guess I need to start saving money.
Like our facebook page and receive a complementary treatment on your birthday...
Winning isn't its the only thing it's everything
Who's providing your Friday night Soundtrack?
Creating my first certificate of authenticity for the first 2 somaphony canvases sold. The beginning of it all. It's all a beautiful struggl
Trying to license animoto vid. Where do i save it before cc? Is Facebook okay, or is it Creat.Com? Or somewhere else?
Where are you, I went to your room but you wern't there. Where did you go? I'm at the cabana
Be at the gypsy fest in clifton on saturday, i perform at 3PM. Come see me perform live. Hopefully all my "REAL" supporters will be there.
I feel like I live at work....
Mayweather vs Cotto: Fight Time, TV Schedule, Odds and ...
The new record is mastered. It's about time to get this thing all wrapped up for ya.
Did you know Joseph Jenkins Roberts, 1st Pres. of Liberia was from Petersburg? We have papers relating to his life and the memorial downtown
In the USA, why do youth soccer clubs treat pro teams like the enemy ?!
ok I did hey what's up
Missed my "other" son. Good thing they're both homeschooled & using same program.
Best game ever, just saying
I'm a cute egg though!
So excited to announce to you all that we will be working on our new EP with from
Let's say you win and #GetMoneyOut of politics. What's the next big step after that one?
This moment could be your last moment so make your moments momentous
please join our discussions this week on the WilsonHCG Group on networking online/in your community! We have some great advice on how to in…
Hubie Brown and Chuck Daly were assistants together at Duke under Vic Bubas in the late 1960s. That's a pretty good staff.
Rated I'm fucked up.
Tell David Jobe I said hello!
I respect to get respect!!
am i the only one who has trouble saying euglena?
SO PUMPED! At one of our groups 2nite while playin football at a park, 2 new guys were introduced and plugged n 2 group! YEH BOI!!
thanks! we're pretty amazed at the response thus far.
Studying like it's the only thing I want to do on the evening of a holiday weekend.
At OCals on the deck with a vodka soda. Who's with me?
define the 'art of cataloguing' in 5 words. Cause I'm working on my first project.
Nice to see the Senate has passed the FY'12 Approps bills including an increase for the NIH that includes the new NCATS.
Helio Abdal is an accomplished photographer, web designer and graphic artist in addition to lighting The Housesitter
Medical bills are the #1 reason for bankruptcy. If you dont let the bills go into collections, it wont show on your credit report. Read...
#20factsaboutme I'm so lazy...
Go Follow
Another new member!! Thank you Jesus for growth in ministry.
um don't talk to me.
my boyfriend did the most romantic thing for v-day, tix for the Poughkeepsie bayside show! Can't wait to see you guys<3
You are so white
This could turn out like LAL-DAL did last year if OKC keeps this up.
Getting my number changed tomorrow
#seasonsixandamovie YES, Please
Q4 via : Have you ever taken a risky form of transport to reach somewhere you wouldn't otherwise have been able to?
Are you trying to give us all heart attacks through twitter? That food is insane, and looks so delicious.
yes! It's awesome!
I KNOW, LEAVE ME ALONE!!!!! GOD!
"squeezing mind grapes"?
and I would love to have a drink with you to talk food and wine at Premise sometime :)
I never let you go.
#Geithner: Productivity growth and broad based income growth are not at odds.
Wore that out freshmen year in Chatt, utc days Go Mocs!
Shoot an email to ceogaming at gmail with the request, easier that way for me to keep track.
lmfao I tweet something like this last night
The shortest word for me is I, the sweetest word for me is Love & The only one for me is You. I love you, Austin.♥ -Melanie(:
Tomorrow is promised to anyone so make today memorable
Modifiable!! Year to year!! No waiting for textbook adoption cycles.. Or adding current worldwide events!! The start of the paradigm shift!!
Police dogs are badass :)
The bus is so crowded... :P ugh!
Saturday, 3/24 Amina Figarova trio in Trumpets- Winard Harper on drums and Dean Johnson on bass. Shows at 8 pm and 10 pm.
i lost the count of how many times i twitted u asking u to follow me, but i won't give up cuz u tought us so:) I LOVE YOU :)
RT : Happy first day of preseason. Welcome back to all of the guys and good luck to this season.
At Skinny Body Care, we believe that good things come from a healthy environment. This includes harvesting the raw materials for our...
Did u see Ma Trey AVI?
Goal under review at the RG! get denied! Still 1-1!
#Caps Wideman "I'd love to be back"
RT : Bsk RT : Jam at Edgar's in Indian village!!
you should have stopped in Pittsburgh
Tell your friends to check us out at Facebook.com/goodbyeblueskies
My napping habits have now rubbed off on it's his new favorite thing to do
Happy Bday to My Beautiful Mother...Boutta drop my "Mammas Boy" Song!..#Just4Mammas! L's Up!
psh who needs sleep when you can tweet the most talented guy on earth :) SUP AUSTIN
Doesn't enjoy the brunch format.
Need to bbuy my boyfriend a really good gift but what?! Hm.
We got air dates for (filmed last October for those who attended)! June 13th on & July 24th on
alright if one of them had pulled their hair in that hug shit wouldve got real
I'm lonely. Lol
Tonight, the Sons of Anarchy are going to take out two of their greatest foes in Mike Quackenbush and Colt Cabana.
baby i shouldve kissed you while i had the chance. </3
Hi all you happy twitters! :D
neat??? Really? Lol.
You better not be one of those "crafty" tweetards that follows a bunch of people & unfollows them to up your follow numbers
FAC Today!! Come enjoy the weather with free beer and pizza!!
Just one at bat, keep it up RT : My first varsity at bat was almost a triple play. #wow. Anyway great win tonight!
We had such an amazing winemaker dinner last night!! Special thanks to and of course Jim Bernau! Picture to come later today!
Ready to get this over with
miss you too labs!☺
Dope performance 2nite, Luke James killed, Joi killed, Dawn killed, Bilal retarded!
good deal, the baby woke up just in time to go and pick up his big brother. Have a great day everyone!
The lack of it these past few days, has made me realize that sleep is the most beautiful experience in life - except drinking.
There's nothing like finding out an old friend has died before sleep. You were one of a kind, Dick Dick. May you find peace, my brother.
Finally starting to not feel hungover anymore!
RT : Poverty or wealth is not whats in your pocket, it is whats in your head.........
it's questionable
How I loved the "I Love Lucy" episodes when they were in Hollywood!
Squad 6 has to be pissed ha
I love Townes!! Maybe Europeans are smarter, but how do we explain David Hasselhoff's music.popularity there. lol.
I was just listening to that song by Selena Gomez. Funny
Who Knows Better Than You !. <3
The person susceptible to "wanderlust" is not so much addicted to movement as committed to transformation. - Pico Iyer
hooray! hope to meet you in person while you're on the left coast
Everything Everywhere Uses Contentious Spectrum In Cumbria 4G Trial - TechWeekEurope UK
#YourBiggestProblem You can never satisfy me.
follow us
RT : Once again provided much needed excellent analysis. Thank you. >>>She needs her own show
The moment when you feed your dog toothpaste because it has dog food breath! #Lmao (:
caballero half cabs w/ the dragon skin finish...
Semantics. I'm not a fan of games from the shooting genre for the most part. =/
making steak stuffed with chorizo and a spicy rub!
Picking up gear from and it's turned into a Weird Al rockout fest.
Josh Hamilton now has 8 home runs in his last 17 at bats!
Well enjoy whatever you got goin' after work:)
Good morning friends. Getting ready for a nice day at a local spa. I need it :(
Do you wonder where April Fools' Day came from? Here are some theories from around the world.....
Take it from me as long as u do not overdo it adam will be fine and no negativity or rumors
waiting on the next project
YES BOTH. AND TUNA. Tunacake.
Glasses all week. Allergies are NO fun.
Subdivisions using septic systems release 10x more nitrogen per household than those on sewer lines.
true. Axe body spray can be noxious.
You didn't miss the call. Plan on getting an email this week! Get Ready!!!
Time to hit the #gym. It's a little later than when I usually go, but hey, I'm here.
RT : welcome to the bears give him a warm welcome fans
why does it take 4 days to get a technician to fix my issues? At&t could switch my service over faster than you getting here.
Happy Friday and thank you to all our new followers ... and !
Do you follow on twitter? You should
Quitting time. Now steeling myself for a long, wet bumper to bumper drive through rainy, #sxsw traffic. Ugh.
The incumbents are garrisoned on google
Just started to follow you
we are still laughing, and she said it to me because I was throwing a tantrum for a popsicle. She wasn't being bad.
Room is packed for offshore wind hearing in Senate.
Havent ate Doritos in a while :o I want somee right about now
"It is better to conquer yourself, than to win a thousand battles" Buddha
I miss you bar mal!
RT : Adorable duet between & tonight on #TheSingOff. Love them both.
I was pretty happy with the decision. Surprised...but happy.
Time to plan a super bowl party woohooo....go Giants baby. .
CNN&#39;s Ratings Are a DIsaster (Except When There&#39;s a Disaster)
It's shaping up to be a gorgeous day in #NOLA! Spring is just around the corner! Sweeten things up with some delicious Magnolia Bay Toffee!
thank you :-) hope you have a great weekend! rest, no work :-)
#PhDStudentPanel. librarian relationship is second only in importance to advisor relationship for grad students.
whats good luda doin a mixtape do u want in ? I rap better then 90% of rappers no BS
What are your best book suggestions for a LONG plane ride (22 hours to South Africa)?
I don't like being cold but I hate being hot
" well your just lucky cause my parents are soo mad :/ it's not even funny" as you're still on twitter XD
Hope they tell you some good news. I'll be going to the doctor as well. But for what I believe is a sprang ankle.
Tauri (my FordTaurus) always decides to temporarily bite the dust in very convenient places. For that, I can't complete dislike her.
Yeah, it started off slow - the rib pain. Just keeps getting worse. Pretty sure she's pushing them apart with her feet. Ow. :(
sure but Google is not letting me get to the shortened URL - can you send me the whole URL
“: HOW ABOUT THAT BULLPEN??” What a relief! Hahahaha
you break me build me up again and repreat :(
Kenneth Nixon <3
I want a milkshake like a fiend right now.
lmao me too...I don't think so but I think crystals spending the night at her house tonight :/
I hate it when people think I'm freaking out when I put this face :/
yeah dude Kenny Horton is a beast
Hahah. It's such a beautiful picture.
hellz yeah it is.
I didn't know you cared. Did u have fun?
It's been a busy day for me. Happiness= #Dodgers sweeping the #Rockies :)
WE ARE BORN WINNERS
damn I thought I wrote back but ....no comment lol
I have been reflecting. It is so sad that the US has no space program anymore. First time in 50+ years...
Ukeycheyma is doing great and how are you mate
Thank You to everyone that came to the show last night! You Guys are Always Appreciated!
Have you helped someone today? Why not?
Prove it :p
The entire circumstances of the case/situation should be considered. It is about the context of the "like" I suppose.
stick to white brotha
Free Towing with repair RT pls
shut up lol. I only tweet when I'm extra bored it excited abouts something :-)
#traderjoes near George Washington is a mad house. The line wraps around the entire store and down one of the aisles. DC needs more TJs!
Why u mad bro ?
Faith, Family, Farm RT : Glowing.Yearning. Nutty. Your #HolidaysIn3Words - Go!
" Marriage... should be a financial contract between consenting adults." It's more than money, it's a mutual corporation.
listening to Adele. Everyone GO NOW and buy any and/or all of her records. You can thank me later. m...m...m...
Heading to tonight for 's "1958" party: all MJ/Madonna/Prince. Can't wait for epic dance party round 2!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when walks into your class thinking its 2nd period...
The Redskins got him as a undrafted FA. Well luckily I get to see him and RG3 play here on local tv. :-)
I kind of want to do a truth is because I'm bored but I don't want to do everyone.
Happy Thanksgiving you guys! Anyone have big plans for the holidays? Do these big plans involve sushi? ;)
Google Teaches Employees To &quot;Search Inside Yourself&quot;
Thanks for the follow and attending #SMBMAD this AM!
Getting ten different poster designs in this week to see which ones I wanna keep to sell ^_^
thank you 4 following us,
Gimme the dates you want and they're yours ;)
Ha ha! Doug emailed me today for the first time in forever!
bring the cash tomorrow
lol so I guess she's mad.
A4: Likely, we won’t be called this “cloud” anymore, because use from anywhere by anyone will be so easy and so transparent.
not very nice. :(
Ah another day in the studio! Love my job, good tones good band! Working on new stuff! New stuff coming soon!
either as long as they govern minus special interest are unbiased and know the power belongs to the people not politicians.
Find someone who knows you're not perfect, and treats you as though you are...BUT knows they aren't perfect either.
I always mess that up. My bad
Wow with all the gimme calls for Philly! Philly can apparently take as long as they like and never get a delay of game call.
A little bit. Kinda. Cousins doesn't seem like a jerk, just lets emotions take over sometimes. Rondo just seems like a prick.
Why kerry wood! Why in the world would you retire?!
What a great photo of you, love your avatar!
isn't it cheerleader Lucy from 13
thanks for your support! It appears this will run into Saturday. G
#AllRelationshipsNeed time for each person to miss the other one. You don't need to be attached at the hip 24/7.
Hi everyone. On May 8th, I will debut two songs by my brand new band, Leda. Get excited! I sure am.
Count me out!
You are mistaken
That's my boo he like a baby drake! Lol
NO YOUR NOT Breann!
"So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed."~Acts 19:20
Mark, have a safe flight tomorrow. Cheers to the 2012 hot air ballooning season!
LOL how was being a loner at track? Did you make friends ?(; lololo
#mau5head your crazy !
#RHONJ Joe Gorga says its Jealousy, I say its Misery loves Company.
Gerzberg said he is gana start being antisocial. This way, he will become smarter Wtf is wrong with him
I followed iconicbelieber
Dont rush it
are you really going to spend $200million dollars a day to visit India? Plz explain why & how?
Right answer - wrong question ;>)
I'm searchin for a real love!!!
I'm moved to see social media being used for good and to see the PEOPLE of the world uniting against evil with the #stopkony ...
:( Maybe next year we'll see you at
Ate at Los Cuates. Read Th Alibi,and My names is in IT!COOL Thanx!
PPL promotes their new telescope that YOU can borrow! Learn about "Exploring the Night Sky" Tuesday 4/17 from 1-2pm in the Rines.
idea for a tv series: "she's a sexy, successful (insert profession) who's breaking all the rules!"
thank you. It was easily one of the hardest stories emotionally I have ever covered.
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down. (Dear old Newton must be rotating in his grave).
The birds outside of Guthridge need to learn that 2AM is not the most appropriate time to break out into full chorus.
just blogged, love this challenge :D
Levi growled when he heard the words "Steelers" and "Bengals." Good dog.
Christianity: Manipulation at it's finest.
Um. One word. Hootie.
Browns had 13 picks to start. Not surprised they gave up a bunch of late picks to lock up their guy.
Good morning world! Keep your head up and shine!
#YouLying like you rich or lyin on ya dick & got a fake chain around ya neck! smh fuck on
so good!
Last one you talk to when you go to bed, and first one when you wake up. I like this.<3(:
are you interested in helping a student org put together a panel on #partnerviolence?
teen wolf looks like one of those shows where they ran out of ideas so they just ripped off something else.
What do you expect? It's chock full of Virginians.
Will do! MT : thx! I can't make this one, wish I could. Let me know when you have a SHARKup! I'm SO there!
Nothing I can't stand more than a gold digger...Onto The Next One
Still need your bio for tech trends...Or I am going to make it up and talk about your kick boxing class.
Oh a RIDE in the Windy City! that would be excellent! It looks like #SanFran might be the next location in the works...
Cross fingers they are delivered before I leave for Seattle. :) Also have to stop by Crocker Park to buy iPad for MIS.
13 more days til Commencement drops !
Got damn Ik the mail lady hot
Follow back & will send a DM. :-)
So far away, I wish you were here.
it's gonna warm up in phoenix too. Wait...it's always warm here lol
Ugh so much homewrk....
Stay with me
How did you know that I was completely blasted on crack when I wrote this song? Are you watching me?!
Last night was super fun & Heidi & Kenn's house concert in Houston! Today is gonna be friend hang out day w them, so it's a bonus for me ...
good game yesterday, I will be there tomorrow conducting the color guard before the game.
meeting with about an upcoming teleseminar on social media marketing
I literally read this as #fartweet instead of #fatweet lol
I get to see in a week!!!
#ThingsMenShouldntTextEachOther Wanna get some brunch?
Stay tuned! 5th Annual #Transportation & #Infrastructure Convention Summary of Proceedings will be out later TODAY!
Ever get that feeling like when you eat to much it feels like your drunk? Yeah that's me lol.
Today was succhhh an amazing day ! couldn't said it any better . . . signed a contract for Beyonce . <<<<<<3333333333333333333333
We're pulling an all nighter and now its #ff time
Good luck at unemployment office! RT : two sources Kevin Stallings yelled "Good luck in the NIT!" to fans while leaving
Well, beat the drum and hold the phone - the sun came out today! We're born again, there's new grass on the field. Go !!!!!!
RT : MT : Tonight we'll have in Jason LaBaw (), CEO of ! We can't wait.
wish i had somethin to do(:
can you follow me say Hi Katelynne :D
Reed between the lines. On BET right now. So refreshing ...funny
Roku was a B-Day gift - love it!
eff it's cold out. winter jacket time :( but my teacher didn't completely shoot down my idea today!
Shout out for shout out?
Anyone get out for a ride over the weekend?
Ill be home next weekend.
Ready to go home &&d take a long shower!
Flammin hots and cheese like the good old days
nice airball Pierce
How do you find yourself when you don't know where you went?.
Something to do with the equinox, I think?
Dripped coffee on my coffee-colored pants. That's all.
launches their new site using #responsivedesign. Feels pretty clunky and slow to come up on my iPhone over 3G. JavaScript heavy
Bout to head dahn PNC Park and watch dem Buccos n'at
Its funny how you can do nice things for someone all the time and they never notice, but if you make one #mistake, it's never
Do you need me to send you an invite???
#CPD2012 outcome document: "there is a need for more systematic studies on sexual & reproductive health of girls age 10 to 14"
Baldenegro: encourages people to get involved thru advocacy, students can share their stories.
Loved this word I saw: "nixtamalization." Refers to process by how corn is ground up to make tamales, etc. Comes from Aztec "nixtamalli."
So my brother is coming home tonight =))
I've had time to think, im not even tryon no more, 2 years of my life wasted, got the rest of my life to make it better
Don't walk on an escalator. This is an opportunity to have the work be done for you. Take advantage.
Don’t tell me how educated you are, tell me how much you have travelled. ~The Prophet Mohammed
Ordering the equipment today for Univ of Tulsa's new gaming lab: consoles, monitors, games--it's like a second holiday!
It's tomorrow, please repost Dark Delicacies 3512 west magnolia, Burbank 2 to 4 pm DVD signing for The Gruesome Death of Tommy Pistol
I'll start working on one if I find a good picture
& presenting right now on #CMAawards !!! Tune in!
I no :( and your lucky day will come trust me
Mrs. Meyer said she'll give us her hangover oh
Can't wait til birthday it's goin 👆👆👆.
Eating lunch and watching the lovely french classic "Le Ballon Rouge."
But even I don't know about all that spice crap
Uneasy realization that in a cavernous room, reading a Twitter feed can feel more personal than listening to people spkg up front.
i aint seen roy yet but i'm going tomorrow, so i'll tweet him and see if he is there and wanna meet up lol
If your company would like to sponsor a #DRFestivus prize, contact .
Apparently. I'll attest--it's highly overrated!
I'm play with your clit as your toes curl then I put the strap on in your gonna feel it on the inside of your belly button
20% of my grade is riding on my completing this paper tonight. 2 letter grades like that.
Don't Tweet and Sheet
People post rap lyrics like the lyrics actually mean something to them... "girl, I love it when ya shake yo booty, yeah, baby boo <33" -__-
Oh, you're a model? What's your agency? Instagram”
Oh wow! When did February sneak up on me?
Now it's time to watch some good hockey, GO CANUCKS GO!!!!!!!!
Nikola Tesla might have been the greatest mind next to Einstein. Google him.
KP is! #thrive RT : #RetweetThisIf you are staying FIT and HEALTHY today! #commitment"
If one more person asks me if I drew the short straw I'm gonna throw straws at them
Haha RT : U can't call urself a real man if u call A just to change a tire -- just sayin!!
Such a cute adorable fool
think the guys doing the ride are amazing
I wanted the bulls to win. Rose going down hurt them but they will be back hungry next season.
That sounds like a blast! Get comfy and enjoy the show!
Post Mortem => After death
Thanks. Tune in this week for the 3rd new episode. More to come later in the year. Glad you like it.
i feel confused by all the people who go out boating & jet ski in the willamette river :/
Was telling a Finnish guy about my love for gymnastics and tennis. His response: "You are very weird." I prefer the term interesting.
Tired of unremarkable Tuesdays? Cheer yourself up with frozen yogurt - it's like the anti-depressant of desserts!
one Saturday we'd love to have you at our farmers market & holistic health experience. We'd love to talk more.
#walkingdead is gonna be good tonight
“ Huh whats up ma, im only here to coach yu ! Yeah im a freak so we do the things that freaks do !” ' My shit!
I saw a bumper sticker the other day it said..."COVER ME!, I'M CHANGING LANES!
He is! The class is super chill, and the concepts are easy to understand - it's just time consuming reading for it. :P
Great day to come have dinner on our patio! Ps We have heaters too in case it gets chilly tonight.
RT I qot no time for frontin .. I know just what im wantinq
:( Yeah- Animals with fur- cat/dog/horse- all bother me too!~
We call it Partying with a Purpose and 365 days of giving 1 deal at a time $1 of each deal bought on our site goes to charity.
craving a buffalo bar-rito right meow
When me and brother jam to Three Cheers For Five Years >>>>
:D RT: Email me for a #Friday #smile!
Sure. What's it for
RT i think you should go follow and tweet me done after you did! if you do i could follow back:) DONE~!
Project Lifesaver is seeking sponsors,ads for the program, or items for the silent auction for the 2011 PL International Conference.
We sure can try :)
I spend too much time at the Vet
Attn “ Peking duck eight course dinner tuesday nov.22 . We start taking reservations tomorrow. 50 bucks.”
Yep I lost control Thank you and for that. It was worth the wait and staying up late Goodnight ttyl
Thanks for the mention! Have a great weekend!
break all bruce smiths records please!
oppaaaaaaaaa~ sorry ne, next time okay? :)
i'm glad you're okay dude!
: BISCUITS rule!! And don't u forget it!! :D
You're my angel without wings... <3
No problem bro, and I appreciate it! Lol❕
Just use discount code hubspot25 to get the reduced rate!
Just got make up on. Ready to beat Holy Angels? :)
Sleeping at home for the 1st time in 3 nights: Fri at my sis' place, Sat at Darcy's after Pub 'n Putt, and Sun at E's...
Guy who fixed my car saw my lanyard and said "I can't touch those I'm a cowboys fan" my response "does my car still work?"
Looking forward to the visit of , author of , to our Chicago offices.
did something happen....I step outside I hear all these sirens and 2 helicopters flying over my head. umm.
I don't know anything about it. Just heard a lot of ppl raving about it
Well I'm not sure that I actually feel better, but we are on our way to the park anyway. We will see!
Welcome to Twitter! Tweeps, follow Great people!
this is my favorite part of 8 mile!
10pm she can call us at the church, 361.579
oh that's awk
Is it wrong that the wife dreads the day #Madden12 releases...she already knows she's not seeing me n the bed for a few nights
nice! What's your baby's name?
Another Big day at the office.
#YouWereCuteUntil you turned to old to throw a tantrum
is gonna be back this weekend with #Kyvan! Florence Walmart Fri, 3/23, at 5PM & Ft Wright Walmart on Sat at 11AM. Stop by!
Big ups to the douchebag who took up 2 parking spots with their Suburban at the gym during the busy time. I hope someone slashes your tires.
where u located
From back of the pack at the start, you battled your way to another top 10. Wild night. Well done sir.
Heading for the Sea Boat Show. Anyone else?
Commercial law sounds interesting. I wanted to design an Internet barter system for android phones but got confused by taxes.
Ha there was also like 3 fights today stupid ppl
Whooooaaa just turned on #Baylor vs the #Jacks and got blinded!
uh. I don't know. it's in my car trunk right now.
2 awesome things in 1 post!
& don't put ur money in the bank!
SO TRUE!
Sigh got 6:1 on Ohio going into overtime but lost
#ItsNotWorking RT : MSM, you're giving Walker a "pass" on jobs. The rest of the nation IS adding jobs.
I won't be at the Mercury's much longer, but I'm leaving you w/ a pretty great Drinking Issue, thx to 's intrepid journalism
I always know when to cum
One of your best one-liners, Ken. 1992. Classic.
Guernsey suggests that it could take as many as 4 years to get Imagine Austin initially in place
claps for JESUS
Did #Roshon just lift Chelsie? The judges better call it.
"I'm Happy For You" The Biggest Lie You Tell Someone That You Love , That Loves Someone Else .
I love his smile.
RT : RT : How many absentee ballots will be found in trunks in Mass?
:-) Not at all. Leg godt!
you're finishing it tonight?!?
I appreciate all followers thank you very much
"Sexually, yes... philosophically, maybe." Young Mick Jagger, when asked (circa 66/67) if he was now "satisfied."
I'm watching but she was pissed that I stopped at Starbucks and flirted with 7:55pm
It's the weekend! Eureka!!!!
I'll pace him :-) RT : No worries that will be part of my weekly ride anyway.
Congrats to SVSP client, participant, and star who's heading to Greece to play ball!
This was the voice but imagen at a BELIEVE concert XD
I'm justin bieber for halloween lmfao!!
I can't fathom my life without you. I wish you'd treat me with respect like the rest of your friends instead of treating me with no respect.
should just walk on stage, grab his stuff and leave
Cinco De Breezy.
Thanks for sharing that link!
home with rents always sound a little like #socialwork too :/
Could happen.
you should!
Did not offend any one last night and had a great breakfast
Do you wake up or open your eyes first?
Are you really allowed to tesity before Congress in character?
« what kind do you have? :3 but I want a cone with it! D:» and she come on a cone.
Thanks for the follow, Luke! Great to be connected.
I'm going to have to miss Pilates today so that I can clean and get the house ready for my mom's visit.
Wow what a rush
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :) 6
About to be a great night with some cool people!
happy birthday john :))
The secret of success is constancy to purpose ~ Benjamin Disraeli"
Balls Of Fury
i want my boyfriend back
“: Still buzzing from last nights club life party !! I had such a great crowd to play for!!” was INSANE!
PS Kid's injury appears to be no big deal, she just needs PT &to use crutches for a bit,but it took many docs, tests & hrs to determine that
The Janoskians are so important to me.
hey Ariana hope you're having a lovely day. Love you :*
#np A$AP Rocky-Brand New Guy...
Finally home!
that background is just too much
Bamboozeled by Slick Rick & my love for all things Jonah Hill!! The Sitter is terrible.
cool. Lol DM I need to tell you something.
I'm seeing 70 and just a slight risk of showers for Saturday. We can work with that!
PARTYY TONIGHT!! ;D
RT : Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and celebrate the journey! ~ Barbara Hoffman
Anything awesome happening?
OMG #Wrestlemania28 our era won't die!!!! This is awesome
you should get that tattoo and prove that dreams can come true.
#FF (follow the birthday girl!) ;D
To my knowledge - not even
(x thanks
" A Snapshot of Digital Scholarship at Liberal Arts Colleges j.mp/uo9bdr"
Our difference is simple. We are not like other classified websites. Users can see your ad right away. Experience the difference today
On March 30, 2012, I will be seeing in Washington, DC. That is all.
Worst night ever.
thx Thomas - I hadn't seen Santiago's work. Good stuff.
I will
Loving hearing positive feedback about NewarkPulse - we do have the best calendar! Thx!!
The girls duet was awful!
True love never dies; it only gets stronger with time.
PickUpLine: Hi. I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
Beautiful morning! Headed to the Folks and Roots Festival at Wells Park Montrose and Lincoln area in the city!
That's darling! I love it!
UC vs Louisville tonight for Big East Championship. Go Cats!
Apparently I'm not humble.
Exchange and ISA servers being crushed right now....GAHHHHHHHHH
Congratulations to the Burlington Red Devil boys hockey team for winning the Division 1 state hockey championships at the Garden yesterday.
sold me hard to find lens for normal price rather than gouge price I found elsewhere. My NYC camera store prejudices = wrong.
I think I finally realized what my man was rapping about on that Hot & Cold track last night. Chicks, man...
I hate my family.
Happy thanksgiving!! Im thankfull for friends, family, happieness, and i love you cody. Have a great day
it's a shame you can't some to #Bamboozle with us. I feel like that's right where you need to be.
Stupid school... Im so exhausted by the end of the week.
yay! Out of curiosity, did you find out via the posters around campus?
I got one at Glenmont this morning.
You live in Wilmington.
Let your past make you BETTER, not bitter
Can you say anything other than No?
Toys &#39;n&#39; Games: Here Now, a $25,000 Frank Gehry-Designed Chess Set
God made Man before Woman because you always make the rough draft before the final masterpiece.
How can i be featured on 1,000 ways to die...
I should be in LI but my friend is just leaving the house. Oh, she can push my buttons but I love her oh so dearly!.
my weekends always get ruined because she wanna go so some where ..I Gotta go to aunt poopoo house for da weekend Smh
This. X 1 Trillion. RT : This. x 1 Billion. RT : Duke is nauseating.
wonders why many of our hispanic/latin brothers and sisters denounce their black heritage...
i can't get him out of my head. <3 woah. ((:
Thanks to Brian McKnight for "taking it slow" with the ladies tonight at the Dakota. See video Thursday morning.
We played Lifeboat, Kung Fu Fighting, Apples to Apples, and Scurvy Musketeers of the Spanish Main.
Zimmerman never said "I am sorry for killing your son!" That's remorse! Not, "I'm sorry for your loss!" WTH!!!
Quick, somebody - are Staples computer warranties worth the money?
What day this week will you be here ??? cause i'm leaving really soon
Dedication: MARTHA ANN ORMORD, I love you grandma thinking of you always. Till we meet again. RIP--Luv u
Does anyone have any hard data re: do bit.ly links provide any link value?
Well, people have strong feelings about it. In better news, see you NEXT WEEK!
say that!!!
Boycott circuses that have animal acts, especially Ringling Bros.
another picture war...?
drop the MTX and upgrade to JL Audio...get an Eclipse head...tv in dash.
RT : #FridayReads Faces of the Gone by Brad Parks...thoroughly enjoying this book!
I don't know what else to do
Sen. Raskin is holding a legal clinic over in the Senate.
I can't stand Onions
am i the only one expieriencing facebook problems anyone else?
this is a thing?
will def check out! Thank you! You like Brett Dennen? How's his Loverboy album?
My dreams have the best soundtracks ever.
Short notice fight?
lmao when he said 2 bell peppers I instantly died...sorry to flood ur TL wit my camel toe antics lol
Why did Barnes&Noble get rid of their comfy chairs?!
oh and BTW for someone who hates Taylor a lot u talk about her an awful lot!
stupid hacker spammers, leave me alone!!!
Good morning! We got more "best kids book of all time" picks yesterday that we didn't share, like: Goodnight Moon. How could we miss that?
tweet tweet tweet :P
Morning all!
Gendered donuts are a thing and I'm still confused about their existence and my complicity w/r/t them 12 hours later. Tasty though!
Mastering the first song for the #Mamba Project
Will You PLEASE Follow Me Back I'm One Of Your 1st Ever Mahomies I Saw Your VERY FIRST YouTube Video 7 Mins. After It Uploaded
Why Are You Moving To Miami? And How Long Are You Gunna Stay There? :(
As soon as they start asking questions, relationship is over! lol
thanks Trish. Enjoying the journey.
thanks. Didnt realize yor tourny was for charity. Great of you to do that. Gonna donate to Children's in support.
Having a beauty night
"Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level." - Joyce Brothers -- (RT )
Congratz u will do amazing!Lol I will be attending the Spirit Awards n spirit!Tweet a picture of your beautiful outfit G.Luck!
Why go and talk behind someone's back?? If you have something to say then grow up and say it to my face. #immature people <<<
don't worry about it if u wanna spell wrong then spell wrong lol
Ah yes.. I had asparagus last night
Halfway done, good lunch, saw a dedication of a brand new home
we better hang out soon! I miss you <3
someone should think long and hard about changing that school name.
Nothing lasts forever at least we got these memories.
so u wearing 57 or do we need to start a new random number?
Hungry for churros
I just want some of what's on the right.
I give the "thank you wave & I also send out a thank you tweet while driving with my elbows". Is that proper driving etiquette?
You Like It Tho ( ;
The girl working next to me is so nice and sweet. I find her incredibly annoying
Blown away by the MS tablet at #fosterly. Very impressive. Would love to have excel on a tablet.
Congrats! Can't wait to read it.
First Georgia Children's Advocacy Network (GA-CAN!) mtg of the yr at the Loudermilk Center. More than 35+ advocates/groups here!
Awesome! RT : My kids refused to get into the bathtub unless I got in, too. Related, I smell like watermelon shampoo.
Show Me the Money (financial wrkshp for sm biz) begins in 15 min. in Rm 10.
I have an earache today. This is stupid.
and it was LAME! so sad.
What'd you pick up?
Cant we all just grab a bong and tag along?
thanks so much!!:)
So bball fans what's up with these guys running to teams abroad...David stern need to work in himself
Pssst!! Hot Heads does the best fades and designs in the city! Bring your man or son in here for one today!
my nigga got body guard status lol
Now you can get Custom Logo Design @ $150
Burlesque came on pandora while I was mopping at work, you best believe I did her broom dance routine!
If someone has a good cure for lactic acid in the quads, let me know...
"But mom... what if i get kidnapped?" 'Trust me, they will bring you back.'
nice! which one?
happy Star Wars day, my friends!!! May the fourth be with you!!! :D👍
to celebrate 1 yr we r offering 1/2 price desserts 2day,Tshirt giveaways-4 the kids,meet Mr. Limeade & balloons. TY all! Sonic
Yes I'm the real Gabriel Antonio. I get that shit err'day! Lol.
can u tell me who ? I ain't even going to the homecoming anyways! Lol :p
Welcome to the Children of Light Official Conference Page! Join on on June 20th - 23rd #Denver and
If Montero swings any harder at a pitch, he'll blow a hole in his bat if he ever makes contact
I thought he was a sophomore (Class of 2014)
Did 3mi on the treadmill. In the sauna now sweating it out. Going to head home and wash my car before breakfast.
Album of covers about the Earth..donate some procedes to enviro org. You'd sound great on Big Yellow Taxi!
swing by 80 Revere
where y'all heading to tonight?
I'm your twitter herbalist! Ask me for help with your health issue! I'll recommend great herbs that really work!
is all over my tl
Can I get Retweet from Mr. Skip Bayless?
Do you happen to know the name of the vendor that supplied mobile whiteboards for classroom NeXT? Looking for similar...
Everyone benefits from improving education
fine then...captain queen it is.
I really don't understand war I just said
