somehow the braves telecast didnt show it how did cm punk do singing take me out to the ball game
So true! RT : Loving your children does not mean giving them everything they ask for. Less can be more!
I like to listen to the Tron soundtrack when I work in the server room
I'm looking to chat with any #librarian out there who is on a selection committee for book awards. It's for my #el12ala project.
how about we're both awesome?
I'm glad you like it!!
*eye roll* i got some of that too.
I was still holding strong at 92k and have yet to check on the info posted. Have you heard?
gale: put school librarian's skills to use in schools to extend the reach of library programs and get the funding we need.
1984- Marvin Gaye was shot to death by his own father in an argument over plans for the singer's 45th birthday party the next day
that is an understatement!
Thanks for the connection Flavio. Have a happy Monday in New York . R
i cant wait til next wknd
No more basketball. Hockey time! After 2, #Cornell 2, #michigan 1. Big Red pk kills 5 on 3. #ncaa #hockey on U
Their delicate cheeks will turn to roting flesh, one day all women will become monsters.
Mornin' to my whole TL may the world be yours today !
The temp has gone up 1 degree every 1/2 hr. The temp has almost taken over the index.
That's great!
I still have not even started to get excited about Spiderman. Am I alone in this?
A Futile Mistake: I always assumed this was given information
Are they going to replay the interview again
Ionisation is awesome. And I'm not talking about physics.
Mike Ness. Cheating at Solitaire.
Is it spring break yet?!? Sheesh.
I want one!! Yum!
I never watched Seinfeld.. it was stupid
USPS goes broke n cannot raise rates more than inflation GOVT does nt allow CPI to show true inflation. gov show none. Govt puts USPS OOB
thank you. You're wonderful!!!
hot mama!
Did you know that we are renovating our Emergency Department? Even better, our door-to-doc time is <20 mins. Short wait times!
text me? x
Stopping in at Taco Time for dinner? Make sure you’re done eating at least three hours before bed to boost weight loss efforts.
Such a lovely couple, but I can't see the flip flops!
Currently in my car: 70lb helium tank, 3 50lb bags of sand, 15 glass vases, 500 gift bags, 5 rolls of stickers.
Everyone be stressing over EOC and I'm just like, " there's a bed, its a nice bed".
Feeling pretty happy these days... :D
Go , bust through any #fridaythe13th bad luck for #openingday! cc
that's so sweet! Happy Mother's Day!
Eating at the cheesecake factory!
God my head has never hurt this effing bad before.
: when did you find out that Criminal Minds was renewed for a sixth season? I am so excited about this. I am one very happy fan
Marietta family sings &#39;Bohemian Rhapsody&#39; on the way to school every day
Like, you ignore all the other hoodrats, just to be with her. Then BAM you get dicked.
Could really use someone to talk to :(
who wants me to drop a new album this summer?!
there is NO chance he returns to the Bucks next season.
Memorial Union is welcoming new students with FREE live music, comedy, a climbing wall, film trivia, crafts, etc. Tonight, 7-11pm.
How would you like to Win a PO$TIVE PU$H T-shirt? Contest Details comming soon! Stay tuned!
lol I will do my best :)
That's 20 years of torture for you. These days, things are a bit more tame.
Watching 2012 - so scary!
Obviously! What gives? Maybe he can't write. :)
so...shouldn't you be MORE happy for me?? Haha. ;)
omg tell her to feel better !!!! :'(
#FF Builder shout out
Lester Holt emailed us 2 hints about his costume on Sunday: 1. Reality show 2. Short shorts. Ideas? He'll call us on Monday.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion... It's just.. yours is stupid.
Sushi and Sake with Ashmaster 3000 and Meyer in a bit. Becoming routine and I love it!
Every good act is charity. A man's true wealth hereafter is the good that he does in this world to his fellows. ~Moliere
what about Flaco Jimenez? I think TX Tornadoes can qualify as rock and roll...
thanks man. How's everything going? I'm training again for a 15k marathon on Dec. 17 @ Central Park.
Thanks You'll have to thank my bro. Cant wait to see ya tomorrow!
I love how your tweets come complete with an exact GPS of your location... as if we didn't know.
Princeton bcuz hes smart confiedent and his personality and i love his smile :)
Welcome to the show Adrian!....Still think he's gonna end up contributing quite well offensively this season - BB
I was able to pick up what u were layin down. We're tailgating @ 8 w Kim's mom and her bf (and others). 1525 Adams. You shd come!
Mommy always said "you gotta knock me for what I got cuz your insecure with you and your situation grow up child and get yours"
is a champion
These niggas actn like bitchs like its a class for it
For National Thank A Teacher Day, I thank Mrs. Hardy, Mrs. Applegate, Mr. Kinzer and Mrs. Ackerman for giving me a love of writing!
Time to get my butt in gear for the second day of school...
happy week-end!!
Frustrating start to the day... Hopefully things will get better! Nats, you owe me one hell of a good time tonight.
Between pitches and working on next release--good stuff!
how come you can't camp?x
Happy hour starting Naz behind the bar. The weather is yucky and the sky is grey. Dr. Pepper says cheap drinks & good food are the remedies
i finally got to be in a webchat with you :)
All brides & groomes to be - follow #KnotCocktails for a twitterview w our mixologist Christy Pope from
Spartan coach Dantonio is a world class sore loser. Have fun at the Outback Bowl.
Take home from : Citizens shouldn't have to have a lawyer to have open government. Wants to launch site to help.
my grandpas still kickin it's his 85th birthday
I would love to see what is on your journey film
haha damn bro I was up till 3
Not cool.
What is your opinion of ?
Forget semantic search, what I want is a semantic spell/grammar check.
awesome thanks for the recommendations!
My mom just asked me what Macy's is -.-
I keep watching, though I don't feel like it's lived up to the promise of the pilot.
Just witnessed a probable Not Top Ten moment at Kauffman. #gofigure #thisisourtime?
No. In the email notification (read in browser) it does not connect. Happens sometimes & just needs a refresh on your end.
Can we just rewind and start all over?
I see how I rate! :)
Oh you're too sweet! (:
lol w.e When I'm on tumblr I start dancin& say "EVERDAY..IIM TUMBLIN" I even gotta theme song,Twitter don't gotz a theme song!!
nope! hacienda is up for sale! :P
Except for sleep.
Let's work! Where/who can I send my material to?
I can't look at you the same anymore
Good point. Those "define" links add more functionality to text.
awhhhh your hair grew so much! It's cute!
Remember, remember always, that all of us, and you and I especially, are descended from immigrations and revolutionists-- FDR.
Goodbye Carl's! Bad music, bad beer, bad bathrooms, good company.
Hope you are feeling better than you did on Wednesday. Hope you can have a relaxing weekend. :)
#DPRK: it's more American if you pronounce it Kim Jong Ugh!, then thrust your hips
#earthday RT : Did you know if everyone in the US used cold H2O 4laundry we could power the Empire State Building 4 444.6 yrs
Getting ready to start classes June 6 and 27! Don't forget we offer all 16 CE online too at www.TuckerSchool.com!
I'm helping to promote the Race4change a major road rally in Kenya in support of the Micro Credit Summit ... pick a car, everyone will win.
lol! ManDee4 No, I just like reading in the bathtub or in the pool. But don't worry, I haven't like, tried it or anything.
time for some sushi! then heading to pint nite in san diego's college area! woo! dranks :D
kick the days ass
Oh! I see a SyFy Saturday night movie in our future! Oilcat vs. Metashark!
Stay tuned. will present the Top Photos of 2011 on Thursday.
Gift Realty NM wishes all a wonderful day.
& it's more important information. in the moment reactions to what's in front of them.
Tis the season for giving and TONITE is Customer Appreciation Night!! EVERYONE 21+ gets in for #FREE ALL NITE LONG!!
amen to that!
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury. - Groucho Marx
Wow !! Ok I really dont like the fact that AustinMahone is like tryin to be ! austin ur mahh cute and talented #BEYOURSELF !!
With hard work, fingers crossed, positive chi, meditative Ohms, witch spells, and WHATEVER, this week WILL end great, even if it kills me!!!
Headed to NJ for some learning and stuff with my ladies and ! New Jersey will never be the same!
I like him<3
participatory classroom...allows students to come to the classroom knowing more than the teacher -- the potential
I wish that when we had all the hoapital things with our kids that we would have had a doctor as blunt as Dr. House
slap who told you that..lol but be gentle, dont want too much karma coming yo way
love problogger. thanks for posting.
That's because you are a small town NFL reporter who couldn't hack it in NY remember? That's why you were wrong.
I miss the old you.
Damn that strap!!
Hudson happily informed me that his brain stayed out of the purple pipe today! I still don't know what that means.
#denverleadership Thiry " the education problem is more solvable here than other places because of scale"
Mass. tribe unveils details of casino plan
Leaving for the airport soon. Im ready for another sexy virgin america flight lol.
Hahah The whole lakers bench is up except for Bynum, he's real Heated and M.Brown
No prob at all! Just want to make sure it went through. Congrats on the wedding! Go anywhere fun?
This is the best winter weather EVER!
Damn i wish i was in #jamaica right now. Love that Island
Tonight after 10, we've got great Nite Owl Specials. Our place is definitely worth checking out late at night!
Don't forget Ashley's wine tasting tomorrow.
ohmygosh, can you please follow me, i love you so much & you're like my biggest inspiration & it would mean the world to me <3
Folk art section at Smithsonian American Art is by far my favorite place in the city.
BTW it smells like burgers in the Kohl center right now
new job is kewl but I have no time for pinterest or online shopping.. what gives?
plzz get Justin to follow me plzz my is tomorrow and I want him to follow me 
RUNDLL32 is my best friend today. VST Instrument Ho!
howd work go lady?
You may hate dubstep, but dubstep will never hate you.
RT : #Virgo is a sincere lover. They cant make love to you if they dont feel love.
- cooly jus making sure the feelings are mutual
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time. Anthony J. D’Angelo
Its gonna be a good day. <3
Ok now I'm seriously going to sleep. Night...
>>>MLM News! Sevarus( New Company Listing )
Merry Christmas!!!!! I appreciate everything..
My mean side is coming out today... So I highly recommend to NOT talk to me unless I like you or you're giving me a drink.
watch out for tornados today. There have been so many down that way.
You should really share it with the rest of the world. I'm sure a lot of people would relate to your pain.
That awkward moment when u wake up in a random hotel with a random guy laying next to you......
I have a huge list of things I need to do in the next 30 hours before I leave for Africa. Challenge accepted.
that's cool, my mom keeps asking haha
Just listened to announce their 20 city tour with #DEAD <3
Yes! English tomorrow, algebra on Friday, then summer!
: clearly that collection is being under utilized. Even wearing 3 diff pairs of shoes/day for a year wouldn't make a major dent!
I know. And at that time all the GRANDerz lived Vicente for his dancing. Not looks. Half of his GRANDerz didn't know him till th
hey beautiful.
It's time to realize that everything you need now has been right in front of your eyes
Is it bad to list "Co-Founder of #WineHuntChat" to our resumes?
Success in the end erases all the mistakes along the way. - Chinese Proverb
The first frame drums appeared in 5600 B.C. and skin-covered ceramic drums in 3500 B.C.
Analogy of the day: as rehab is to drugs, so seminary is to religion. As with rehab, after seminary most people relapse into religion
stop playing are u serious wow I love u lmao
the writing is so sharp and funny and awesome. i fell in love with it head over heels last night.
Jill Cousins #dpla - Announces: Virtual exhibition about emigration Europe to US
Excited for new episode of American horror stories....
Call the Show Promoters before traveling
Please help. I need two RBs to start. M. Barber, B Green-Ellis, P. Thomas, or T. Gehart?
HAIRY MEXICANS and SAKE BOMBS
I like cake
Yossi Benayoun has been absolutely immense for Arsenal. They might have 3rd sealed up if they played him all year.
What partner?
CEO of , Will Allen stands up for real food. The #GoodFoodRevolution is on sale now. #FoodRevolution Day is 5/19!
one time for another UM fan
who said it?
"live each day as if it were your last because tomorrow may never come"
Natives! nice! You should come by our party at today!
Veterans & active service men & women please visit The ABQ Museum FREE on Thursday, Nov 11. Thanx for all you do & have done.
thanks for the shout-out! Good stuff!
Him. Just him. That's all. I swear I'm seeing stuff. Sleeping medicine is getting to me
“: btw, I gave the a 2 hour long highlight montage to show on the bus ride.”. Shhh we only have 46 seats on bus!
NORTH AMERICA IS FIRST. IM IN USA! OMG GUYS NEXT WEEK. AH IM FREAKING OUT HOLY. SOMEONE CATCH ME WHILE I FAINT.
follow back plz
*Eyes flicking up to where ’s is looking* Something wrong?
naw hahah the Blue Devils aint ready for Coach Roy Williams and them TarHeels
I'm looking for delivery. Stat.
#IGoToASchool where my group of friends get called "the sneakerheads"
hm yea I think (I might just walk hme
I'm just kidding BOOBEAR<3
Better yet..."in still prettier AND smarter" than you...😂😂😂😂😂
street fighter 3rd strike is so badass
Believe me, they do.. I come here, try to talk with everyone, and BAM 0 mentions.
This game sucks so hard RT : I think this kicker has to be MVP of the game. Bored.
I hope 2012 is the year in which all your wildest dreams come true.
Ice skating for fun, not to save life
can someone please let me in on what is happening- that would be great!
I have a secret obsession for bald white guys that dress nice 😂😂😂❤ LOL
me either that match is gonna be awesome and Good Mrning to you to how are you today
Madison and crush
only girls who have low self esteem do that! don't fall for it :)
Yeah I'm about to make sure my next drive is a Lacie. Do Lacie's read AND write between Mac & PC?
Thanks for the follow
Jealous of everyone attending HealthCa.mp LA today!
hahaha. too true.
We are opening the offices at 10am today. Safety first.
My Snow Leopard disk still says "Ships: By August 28th". By my count, Apple has 2 hours 7 minutes to ship it.... no hope for tomorrow.
I'd like to think I started at the top and am working my way down
um sounds like WFR getting WACK !
Are you an approved sup and in need of a refresher course? DFI is hosting one on 9/30/11. Email to sign up!
Lafayette or West-Lafayette believe it or not they are different lol.
Not sure about her, but I am on & off the road for the next 4 - 5 weeks... summer is JAM packed!!!
You speak to me with words and I look at you with feelings.
I dare u lol
no! tired of em! just wear sum cute!
I never thought eating habits would drive one insane. try detoxing your body of all sugar and yeast, wait for the die off and try not to die
Abstracts via : We don't put limits. Some sessions ARE guaranteed, though (divisions, allieds, etc). Check w organizer.
keep laughing, you'll find out
it was, but Jen begged 1 more week. I caved. And paying for it now with the traffic
Do you want to be treated like family? We are family owned and operated RT pls
I roll with a band of gypsies
I miss you too!!!!
just look at his face man! #Youknowyouknowyouknow?
A winner makes commitments to a goal, a loser makes promises
Now the snow is sticking. Yay. My first real snow storm of the season.
I have a tumblr but I'm never on it because it is so confusing.
Hello sex
Hailing cabs in Seattle is actually really easy, I never expect this outside of NYC.
what time will your event be starting?
In past 10 daze I had red eye, lost all data on backup HDD, threw rod in van & lacerated tip of pinky cookin. At least I still have my name.
first you despise me now im cute. Quit playin games boy.
Just win baby!!!
That was sarcasm if you couldn't tell. :/
I suspect the Coca Mole is a bit better than the pipeworks.
Just watched #PJ20 documentary!! WOW!
RT : Good ☀ Morning
a day off and I still have a to do list this size of 's arm!
Going to Flyers game tonight? Let's do this. Every time #Briere scores, we chant Oh Danny Boy! Pls RETWEET & use
no moved to Dallas for work. Wish I was in ChiTown.... Enjoy my man!
Omg i cannot wait to get a i love you this is #EPIC thank you
Will do. We can always use a big brother to run the creepy boys off.
Going to #WGI this weekend? Stop by and visit our friends from who will be exhibiting at the event!
u should have snapped some pics to share! Maybe next time
#Casting - Just In! Nancy Nayor is casting several roles for the film "21 and Over." Details on our Facebook page - facebook/actsophia!
Don't tell her to run, that means U have to chase her before u can kick her butt.
The cast of Una Noche are here for their first time in America from Cuba!!!!
Congrats to and for representing at Pitch went great.
President Obama: "I Reject the idea that asking a hedge fund manager to pay the same tax rate as a teacher or a plumber is CLASS WARFARE ! "
aycliffe* and I'll be taking a bag so I'll put them in that :)
RT : #Taxes were a lot more fun when I used to get refunds. #freelancerblues (via )
Hiccups are the worst.
I only caught the last few min, but I was glad Pacers pulled it out. Interesting to see if they can do it 3 more times.
Gracias for the retweet. So word on the interwebs is you won a Nicholl Fellowship! Can you give me your logline?
PLEASE FOLLOW! WERE HUGE FANS FROM NEW YORK!!! WERE NOT NOTICED :( IT WUD BE GREAT
Happy birthday to !!! Xoxox
#Twitter If you know what's good for you...remove #reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend IMMEDIATELY!!
Can you keep a secret? We hope not! Hyatt Regency Albuquerque's 48 hour sale starts tomorrow!
ALL events at HPC are canceled tonight due to the storm. The High Point Christian School Band Program will be rescheduled.
Downloading music for the Summer. This season will sing in Queen, Doobie Brothers, Nicki Minaj, and Beyonce.
ok now he just told me that CB is wack! should i go in or not? nah imma wait until he steps out of line
"Hola !!: "Throw her on the bed and kiss her like You mean it. Bet she"ll be thinking about you all day at work.""
OFFICIALLY A WORKING WOMAN!!!
Thanks for the call out on the board game cafes in Perth, Austraila, Charlotte!
THE BEST GYROS ON EARTH!!!
I don't boo Tex for going to NY, I boo him for years of claiming to be an O's fan, saying he grew up a Yanks fan in the heart of Maryland.
MAN I LOVE HE SO SEXY
#Brewers going for the sweep over the #Cubs here #MillerPark!
Lmao --> RT I seriously wish I had my phone ):
Working on my calendar of events...
q5) When time and distance prohibit in person meetings
Working today! The wind sucks, but we have been busy so far, so come by and keep it up for the rest of the day!
A desire designed to eat away the soul, to leave eyes staring blankly into a world burning with cold, a desire evolved into fire, into fire.
You got it
sup you cant hit noone up...
there is 1!!!!! at the 1 minute mark
On this day in 1965 MLK Jr. and thousands left Selma and marched to Montgomery protesting institutional black voter disenfranchisement.
you and your bf are the cutest and hottest couple ever :) , btw do you have any good workout tips?
if Twitter would let ne follow anybody back I'd follow back! LOL that bullshit! But thx for the follow & support in
Because the history kids will study 75-100 years from now is being created online
It's not like I wanted to sleep with your mother, but I knew that was the one thing that would really piss you off. She sucked anyway.
What's the word on Boris?
I'll take the blooper.
You sampled Etta!!! samples do not equal collaborations.
GM! Making it a great day! Wuz good?
Thanks to all our tweeps that entered our #BkSq twitter contest! We will announce the winner tomorrow.
I got plenty, remember, I pulled you.
we need to give you our fire pit we have no use for it now it's still at the house
Morning blessed to see another day # smile
S/o to the Lakers AMAZING Victory over the OKC Thunder !! Your now watching the New Age of Laker Champions, Sessions, Ebanks, Hill n Blake !
2-for-1 Happy Hour style at Fire right meow. Stick around and you’ll get to meet as they’re playing tonight!
Yeah , people are definitely going to be surprised with the things im yet to accomplish , like I said , this is THE SUMMER , MY summer :D
haha xD OMG YOU MADE MY NIGHT.
Me too. RT : Tuning into #higheredlive now. What did I miss? Looks like everything.
now i have banana bread on the brain :)
I love them! (:
so with apple buying chomp i wonder if the android functionality goes away?
Good morning world!! I feel great today and I only have God to thank for that🙏🙏 everyone have a blessed and happy day
You cant judge me unless you really know me.
= awesome place to work... surrounded by great people on team and working with GREAT customers! Even for a Monday, gets me going.
it's the least I can do!
thanks em it's so I can finish out college
RT : Bicycles are an odd scapegoat for our budget and transportation challenges.
But if this ends with us seeing Michelle's dick, I'm gonna be PISSED.
You have been a bad girl and you should go and study right now or I'm going to punish you or just be mean to you haha ^^ ♥
Working on Chris Corls promo for his #Honda Prelude!
Thank you for the love <3 RT : Really cool band: check them out! I cant stop dancing! :)))
- Lol. Too funny.
We will miss you Thanks for your great work for
Just spoke at #gigabitcity w/ 5 minute notice-eek!
Wow. Tough crowd. Nobody is clapping for any of the dead celebs. They must be serving drinks.
Harris Teeter ranks sixth in Consumer Reports grocery rankings
Ugh Sometime I Wish I Didn't Miss you!
Oh my gawwwwd yes! Love them and if you didnt know who they were i was gonna send you THAT song xD
LMAO RT : You lost me at Microsoft.
Watching The Client List...its pretty good^_^
got giro fever bad.
Blessed Assurance is on my mind...bout to sing my little heart out! :-)
Movies like "Paranormal Activity" have kinda placed demonic possession in the realm of Paranormal...
thanks dood much appreciated im leavin the 19th u beter cut ur butt out there asap
What and watched as a Nielsen Family #ignitedc Arrested Development ain't it!
What are your views on the rise of fees in higher #studies in #India?
We can talk about anything, The luxury about "Us" is, that we don't need to...
Yes, any Windows developer who dealt with VS2008's XAML designers and leaks should know this word.
Hey I love your music and I am from usa :)x sup
As long as we keep on givin. We can take anything that comes our way.
Shyam Das wins the Tyrone Poole award this year.
#casev maximizing online strategies, nice to see that is already pretty on the ball.
I left the envelope on the shelf above your desk
As if you could kill time without injuring eternity. ~ Thoreau
Raining wicked hahd. Not excited for 3 block walk from the bus.
: but they were respectful, right? & related to class material. apparently fear is Random Ppl harassing, stalking students.
Yay! I'm giving quizzes all day and keeping up with grading!
Hi Sabrina, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Fighting is my passion.
When lecturing, I enjoy poking fun at John Adams. It is slightly disturbing to realize he's the President closest to my physical stature.
On the UCLA campus? It's Week 10 study week. Free coffee & donuts all week 10am-2 pm at NCHS office: 6339 Bunche Hall (behind the elevators)
Oh, I had no idea you started a new twitter. Neat!
well i needa go to la then (;
I don't think they are trying to be ironic.
and a natural scrubber for your teeth :)
Every family has those days, that stand out among the rest. Today is going to be one of those days.
Red Cross to use $ from Haiti disaster to build a $10.5 mil 'Hilton Hotel' on 10 acre compound. Cause that'll help Haitians.
The weekend in PHX is going to be insanely beautiful. Cannot wait to have you here!
SO cold outside! No!
Romney would not bully a suspected gay teen now. He would require convincing evidence of his homosexuality first.
Amy Levine: #FCC has long advocated creative uses of #spectrum in health care, other places to drive adoption,
Happy Fourth of July. Safe travels.
seems like he wants
Please & Thank You!
I feel the need to change my icon. Ok brb picture searching time
call me when u get a min , lost ur num ..lol
All i want is a little of the good life all i needs to have a good time
LOL! What do you play Pahi?
yep! And I just dowloadef the twit app too. Getting rid of the other one.
oh nice! great place! I love watching games there
god morning tweeters!!! Im back from my vacation. Time for porn.
Thanks for the follow!
The only time you don't fail is the last time you try anything - and it works
What time is the computer exam.......
those burnt cookies got nothin on us hahahha
I swear I'm not feeling school n e more
REBECCA BLACK IS VERY FALSE!!!
2010 there was the largest decline in women in legislature w/
Website up.. www.tektonicus.com :)
I need more friends
What's the damn move tonight??
no clue what that means….
it was really emotional and I really felt sorry for you and your father. But it looked like he got it, I hope things are good.
me & my mom are discussing dreams. lol we're watching Nightmare On Elm Street 2 c:
This bitch driving next to me is teasing me with her banana, I'm thinking of following her home....
But I prefer to scream about ice cream, figuratively. This has been my summer of ice cream.
I just found a story I started writing 10 years ago. It's much better than I remember.
We all know we get HAPPY when someone Retweets our tweets (: it makes our day haha!
#3 days till St.Louis
#PinkTip Never become to busy that you forget to mentor an aspiring entrepreneur.
what a fantastic name for a fantasic human! Long time no see stranger, hope all is well in NYC!
Dear 5 a.m.: You're a soul sucking bitch.
Why don't you come to Chicago Hilton & Towers for the Chicago Cubs Convention on Friday, January 13th - Call us for tickets: 888-493-0004
I don't know really, but I think a business checking account would be under the EIN of your LLC, not your personal SSN.
If u are feeling a little flat....blowdry your hair opposite of the way it falls and ta-dah!! Gorgeous voluminous hair for everyone:)
my mama won't let me go to your concert :( she said it's too long of a drive from Mississippi. And we're going to Georgia! :(
I think the guy who does Game ops is Mike Schnieders. Not sure if he is on twitter...
Cnt Tell A Grown Man Wat To Do Wit His
I miss work!! I rather work than do school work so late at night
welcome home!clear your roster your team is about to get filled at the
Drive Angry wins Best Wiki Film Synopsis to Read Outloud After Dinner.
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! The ball finds its way through the legs of Phillys' goalie after an attempted pass from Keogh to Accursi.
Name that tune...
This is my 2,000th tweet. I need a life.
awe thanks! You da best!
Doc Rivers finishes 5th in NBA Coach of the Year voting. This is arguably the best job Doc has done.
deal im gonna snuggle my pup right now and get inspiration
Will you be my girlfriend? A. Yes B. A C. B
can't be any more harmful then four loko
where'd y'all play in SB?
awww my favorites <33 I miss you too!! :(
Giants got my fav Qb -eli manning but patriots my fav team so idk??
Happy to get your Tweets!
John Axford's hair is looking very Wayne Campbell like
Thanks for the heads up - I hope to attend!
Miguel Cotto all the way lets go P.R yeah boii
Learning to use "faith's confession of God's Word" to declare how deep in God we can go instead of how many more things we can get.
stop by and comment Please www.letDCknow.com/america
By who? He's the best of all time.
Dear zach brown, please remove the beanie from the top of your head. Its 80 degrees in nashville and you look like a douchebag. That is all.
Last bit of eating before I head home Mon/tues and start walking it all off!
Comfy clothes week 👌
Gettin a nice cut today then gettin my permit tomorrow
Life is not just like...?? [ADD CAPTION]
Ham & Beans for lunch!
Hanging with my mom at the mall. Smh!
How come schools can't wear Broncos clothing on fridays? Oh yeah because it's "gang related" but still...
IT DID IT AGAIN! WTF?
Andy Zodin on today to talk French Open, comedian Ralphie May from Last Comic Standing, and Free Beer Friday! Topic TBD, stay tuned. AM 1510
Thanks! Great presentation!
. Chris Kreider: "I'm at a loss for words. You could feel the full affect of the crowd...it was pretty awesome" >welcome to NY!
Post-turkey day breakfast - possibly the best breakfast of the year?
these folks can blame wade n bron all day, the problem is hibbert
Love that!!! Buses = symbol of community, freedom from parking. :)
Jamar is a perfect example of a praying mama. He has a powerful powerful testimony!
He who laughs last thinks slowest - have a wonderful Fun filled weekend!
Hows school Emma? So cool that your in the states!!!!!
"Single" & "Taken" are just TERMS. Your ACTIONS define your real status .
"Check in" on facebook is not working in Korea... I didn't know that at all. It was sort of my favorite things. I really miss NYC.
LETS GO HAWKS!
Teach how to use twitter when your in GB. That guy needs to tweet more.
Lmao RT : Celtics < me tryin to get full off a happy meal
no he was being smart. Market too high he wasn't going to become a wholesaler. He bring in some buyout beauty or two!
Only if you're afraid of dirt, wind, heat, paleontologists, or you can't do without showers, tv, ice cream..
just sang!! He has the Voice of an angel. I get chills every time I hear him!!
But she won't txt me Bosch
Bank of America successfully pisses me off at LEAST once a month. This is an abusive relationship. Why do I stay? Because it's convenient.
AHAHA I just saw a #1Dfact that said Harry played Coconut Head ? wut.
Yes, I'm going to hell. I just made a Sept 11 dick joke.
I love Newt's constant" "It's increasingly interesting..." bullshit. How professorial.
Glad you liked it! Thanks for reading :)
Vajay Jay z's greatest hits
Don't worry bout us! It won't take us THAT long to get out of our 6-fig student loan debt. We're just 'Soon-to-haves' :)
Im leaving for a while i love u all but today at 8:10 this morn my sister Annabell rose Lizeal died
'Equal opportunity, more than anything, means a great education'-Steve Jobs
My friends and I might have performed it in front of our whole school.
Thanks for the RISE RT's yesterday! :)
LOL! Just don't mess w/ my fountain or garden & we're fine!! (Been going on for a year! Not taking it anymore!)
So awkward in elevators
Volunteers spend day cleaning up mobile home park - YNN Hudson Valley
Having some Nicaragua UCPCO Co-op. Gotta love #LocalCoffee. Love my new v60 too!
Have a pleasant Thursday!
A million people wrapped around 46th street in the rain to see the Kartrashians.
Show tonight at Gilbert's Resort MM 107.9 Key Largo FL 7:30 pm !
Good night...sleep tight...
Forrealll!!! And duh :)
#ricktatorship..hey why not
ONE WORD TUESDAY!!! We haven't done this forever... let's get back on it! What's your word today? My word is: Trusting.
i love you Christian (:
Tease!teaser!teaser!
The rule is that if you get check for exactly $100 you have to buy cocaine with it. There are no exceptions.
Need to check out boredtodeath - punching marshmallows are awesome
aha, yeah I don't like downloading stuff. I'm too lazy. ;/ tinychat's easier.
Travel Postcard: 48 Hours in Bruges
So this girl got in her head phones and doesn't think I can hear her farting
then might slide through to K.O.D. .... TO SEE MY NEW BOO HBreeeziyanna ...
Gahhhh mood killer.
learning how to pod & vod cast at #ccitis2012--oh the possibilities!
Fuck i hurt myself
Hot Brazilian people Drinking cold Mexican Beer!!!! That's what's happening!!
BREAKING: Queen of Disco has died of cancer. She was 63.
First day of Middle School was cool; i guess..
thx so much i love you too! (: and same with you God bless you!
Left my fucking purse on the bus.
Every day is a gift from God. Thank HIm for it and enjoy it to the fullest. www.lindaswift.net
h i
Mr. Singer is at the Nature Museum this Thursday at 1:45! Come wiggle, clap, and sing along in this interactive sing-a-long.
Shoot for #comachocigars today til 8p in downtown Orlando. And the #magic play tonight and I had to turn down box seats, boo!
excited to see more and more guys tweeting <3 where have you been all my life? haha
#ThingsIDislike When people are rude and disrespectful to others.
mom is in such denial of her health&refuses to believe she needs an annual physical even..breaks my heart bc I learn preventive med all day
We are SO EXCITED to unveil our new #bridal suite in the next couple weeks!!! It's amazing. :)
Would love to get a friend involved in this tweetchat so she can see the importance of Twitter!
VOTE.FOR.AUSTIN.♥♥
- Glad you're back Keith...I'm sure Florida enjoyed you but the #ATX & clients missed you :-)
RT : #wmnldrs. Mary Dowell/Johnson Controls talks about networking and building relationships and how constant change is
Viya con Dios, brah ; ) Its a little corny, but yet, good...
Going to bed hmm.. Goodnight.. ?:) would say dave but he doesnt respond anymore :'/ love u david <3 :)
The Girl in the Steel Corset by Kady Cross!
Good Friday :-)
Ill take my sneakers off, and shout aloud your name when I get in.
Want to fall inlove where do I start
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen you tell a story you feel good about. then someone acts sad. you think "is this sad?" then you're confused
GTE is looking for a great, outgoing Female BA at the NHRA Races in Phoenix on Feb. 17th-19th. Email with your pics, info
#jimmyjohns really is
brother: 11 sister: 13 & almost 14... Her b-days in September
I have paper cut my way through the entire stash of bandaids I had in my purse.
u better be gettin your whole team ready for that ass whoopin the G-Men bout to give u!
Put on Pandora! He should be up there with by now.
the story airs on in about 8 mins (also again tomorrow at 4:30)
I'm zooming down this little hill 😂
aw thank you so much! how ya doing!?
Heard it was a great night! See you soon. xoxo
We are building.
The homie is awfully quiet this evening.
#SMSK (Singles Mingle Summer Kick Off) tickets go on sale at 10am at all area Let's hook you up with a hottie :-)
It's going to be more than OK. It's going to rock your socks off, kiss you goodnight, and tuck you safe into bed.
Pretty sure that was just #earthquake number 2. Or moving boxes has broken my body.
never seen him do anything but pure magic I'm jealous!
you welcome hun :)
Want to take refuge in a slanket.
Run your mouth about me, when you don't even go to my school.
or should i have said "Like life on a Tuesday: Not as good as you hoped, but not as bad as you feared."
I was behind on the DVR by like 20 min.
It's funny. Storm coming. Okay, thanks and have a restful sleep. Goodnight, sweet dreams.
better not be seeing that without me, biznatch!
Still doing homework
Your french is on point Marcel!
Morning tweets!! Have a wonderful day
In the process of re-organizaing some music on Last.fm. Certain music may be temporarily unavailable...
Jeni. You know better than to use that inappropriate language on twitter. Your future boss might see this! 😡
#ThatAintCool when your plans get ruined..
Cant wait til i get all this work done!!!!!!
If you don't have an Avatar, Bio, or Tweets. I WON'T FOLLOW YOU BACK...
Meech Loc's new mix-tape "The Underground King" is dropin early Jan 2011 get ya hands ona copy hit me on face book search Meech Loc
Davy Jones took his Last Train to Clarksville. :( RIP Davy. Thanks for the music, the good times, and yes, being my 1st crush.
oh...what kind of shirt?
my grandad passed away yesterday. Not even your music can stop me from crying. :'(♥
go macbook pro, I just did, should have switched years ago.
Scared money dnt make no money
We always LOVE seeing our socks at weddings, although this contest is for the two styles specifically. :)
“Swingers” Arrested After Using Craigslist to Find Dog to Have Sex With
All the stars are out tonight in Mt Horeb, Reedsburg v. Mt Horeb.
Love #automaticsystematichabit Free on itunes now!
Going to greenwood, would anyone care to join me
Boxwire #SmallBiz Tip: It's better to have bad news that's true, then good news that's just made up.
RT want me in WWE13 let know. My colleagues & I have given our bodies to wrestling, not for you to blatantly exploit THQ
please be safe tonight & have fun! happy new year, everyone!
“: Arizona. A good idea what Fox News would look like it were a place.” RT cause it's true. is #Murdoch in drag.
Cheers mate!
Ladies, if you walk like a Clydsdale in heels you defeat the purpose.
I don't get mad...I get apathetic!
I believe in a thing called love...
happy birthday bro. Oh and look it's Kyle  hahahaha
C'mon Pats! Let's do this!
Love never lasts
I thought that was going to be a picture of the park... when I saw it... I was like "how did he get up there?!"
chatting about loans and mortgages acorn programs
regret nothing.
Change means that what was before wasn't perfect. People want things to be better. Esther Dyson
In high school the first time I got suspended/ took of her suspenders and had them legs suspended
No brainer, right? Who doesn't want to laugh hard for 30 minutes at videos of people being hit in the face with a wiffleball bat
Just found out I'll need to have two knee surgeries over the next few months. #blerg!
Crazy long wait at #AT&T store
- Of course! Not even in planning stages yet, so will let you know. :)
Teens are are more likely to re-offend than adults.
You seem like a pussy,But I will let it pass.
what you skip class to do
what time is dance moms tonight?
Dang it Steven Hamner killed it today!!!
Buenos Dias :) Today you should have some Strawberry's.
I've only been gone one day hahah
just woke up from a solid two hour nap....i love sleep
As usual, I went for burn instead of savor. Loved it!
I said this, "I remember when I was a kid watching Holy Vanderfield". typical woman statement.
thanks for following. Good luck with the 500 goal today.
I'm gonna need you to follow me back sir. And maybe we should even hang out sometime.
should I do homework now, or should I wait until tomorrow? hm
lots of nice cars in phx, maserati, cts, lexus but not as much character as my 91 deville!!!
Kendra is my girl. I got your back hon. When you get ready to hire a new assistant, call me...:-)
not sure yet.
If you can't describe what you are doing as a process, you don't know what you're doing.
Such a cute pic! He looks so sweet!
YOUR GOING FOR 100
You need to come to We (well, me) play the heck out of you!
Can't wait to see u tonight in Seattle
#Vegas is hot as hell !!!
Wow, pants from a week ago, that didn't get fully dried, still wet. Must remember to always allow enough room in dryer.
I took my kids to the first Strasburg game (pirates) We may get the Nats new minor league stadium in Winchester. I hate phillies
lmao whatever Sammy haha I'm gonna miss u too though.
aww Mo, I ms yall! I got sm stories 4 u so get yo popcorn ready boo boo, LOL! My hair look lk cotton, this AL heat is no joke!
Everybody watch out for Rick Sant in the south. He owns the Chick Fil A vote.
yes well I'm your fangirl so I have to be supportive haha
I sent you an email saying your resume needs updating boss....
O. M. I love this story so much!!!!!!! Yea buddy I'm dating vinny!!!!!! Lol
Just saw that you are on the Hunger Games soundtrack. Thats so awesome! CONGRATS!!!!!!!!! Can't wait to hear!
another wonderful day in Afghanistan, starting to get a bit cooler and gets darker quicker, winter is coming fast.
Three (3) Virginia Elite players playing in the 2nd Annual Presidential Hoopfest
My Goal is for u cutie to follow mw bck(:
Perfect side for cookouts and picnics!
was it a 10-yr-old with braces, plaid overalls & frizzy hair? if so, it was probably me.
I hate you.
Rascism: when a white blackberry phone is more expensive than a black blackerry phone.
I think i wanna marry you!
After years in Chicago, I'm due for some sunshine and low humidity :)
Happy Monday #Encore friends! In the spirit of Valentine's Day tomorrow, let's share what we LOVE about theater!
: sweet sport for sure! :)
lmao, it must be Monday :0) have a good one
Too funny, I was just thinking the same!
lol shit Real in south beach
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Sun, May 13 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
yeah my Dad & I were talking about that last night. He has a Total Gym that I am tempted to use.
Hi twitter, whatsup?
doesn't make sense for everyone gets a root canal on Tuesday, even if you came for teeth clean. Why do that in class?
Player spots and sponsor opportunities still available for the 5/1 Golf Tournament.
In Ohio with my main bitches ;)
: It shouldn't be hard to understand that calling an idea dumb is different from calling a person a name.
: thanks, I'm following you back. My son's a Musician . Enjoy the weekend :)
National Record Day today!! All vinyl will be 25% off all day (till 5 p.m.)
Mall with ma cuz :*
It is working somewhat but the twitter interface is now strangely different and unfamiliar.
Who's going to river riot?
Kidrauhl Makes Us Wet ;) he really does.
I'm finally eating! I haven't had anything in the past 2 days! #YES (:
One final treat for finals week. Free b/w printing today until 5pm. Helping you
I figured (;
Rock climbing! :-)
how am i slackin ? you make the arrangements & ill be there . duh ! Lol
Lets go
Welcome to the #NFL, Claiborne. NY'ers chanting "Dallas sucks" at RCMH
Awww no can't do :(
I Don't Understand this... I'm sweeter to girls yet they don't notice me whatever lol
Well they made that interesting. Way to fight back but shouldn't have had to. Go #terps!
GOD is strategic! This type of technology allows us all to gleen from your wisdom BEYOND MUSIC, but BECAUSE OF MUSIC!
Okay i just noticed time followed me and I DONT EVER REMEBER ASKING HIM TO FOLLOW ME :O
8 weeks of spinach, albacore tuna and green tea has me craving some serious junk... must... resist...
i dont think thats how it works between you and me lol
I must say that FIFA Street is a great game even though Messi ruined the cover.
dude it's been an hour what gives
'Good habits are as addictive as bad habits, and a lot more rewarding.' - Harvey Mackay
I Fuks Wit But U Never Hit Up But Its Kool Doe : )) I Still Love Yhu
Casette demos in the year 2011 = dumb.
I'll never let you go.
agree! Six plans over the last 22 years, VCU Children's always dropped the ball. It bothered me enough that I moved.
mama taking my phone away till june 8th ... so ima try to go on my laptop everyday.. buhbye .. 😖🔫 .
Move in ready #Homes - - Try it out... Great plans / Communities ...
As far as I know, it's only *political* donations that are disclosed. You can give anonymous charitable donations.
#GOPdrinkinggame Update: When Paul says anything about foreign policy puff once.
The #IRNE for best actress in a musical goes to...Audra McDonald in prod. ! Congrats
It's @%@*(?!* cold!! Give us the temperature now (in celcius). First five correct answers will win a free cup of coffee.
So you're saying that there's hope at USATF & IAAF?
showing in towns tomorrow morning. streeterville and gold coast. my cilents 90 lb american bulldog sure limited our options!
Joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them.
Reading the wrong numbers and wondering why something is taking so long
One of the advantages of having to work on a weekend in Alaska...being able to catch United live!!
I just don't think someone should be bashed for giving rights to women that some very well need.
Thanks! We enjoy working here!
I know it's great. Miss you!
4/21/1778->J. Banister: I do not mean to exclude patriotism...But...a great&lasting War can never be supported on this principle alone
Now I will say that "charge" on Barnes is highly debatable.
What's everyone doing this 3-day weekend? Think I'll take the fam up to Pyramid Lake. Thanks to for all the travel & safety tips!
whoa just saw that pic. How was that load of awesomeness??
I kind of want to buy one share of Facebook just to be "that guy"
Seems awfully fixed, but with that said. I am already in the plus and have 2 months left on my Membership.
Appeareantly I am a "Low life nigga" but that means nothing coming from ah
Bring Back Ringer 22
RIP MCA...Hip-hop has lost a true artist...sad, sad day :-(
Got a phenomenal story idea? Send it to and I may appear in the Chicago Citizen!
congratulations!!! You make us proud!
I Hated That Shit Hole To, I Hate To Leave Asap!!.
RT High Road by the scoop? Yes ma'am. At Brookhaven Farmer's Market all day.
Nah, we just need engineers to find new ways to sell the same cat pictures
Always remember, drunk words are sober thoughts.
S/O to #305 ALL THE WAY LIVE
Sammy Sosa was there too
it's okay to visit memory lane, just don't live there . you seem like you're into quotes so enjoy :)
Touring Ironworks soon? Facebook recently launched a new tool allowing you to tag our page in your photos! Be sure to give it a whirl...
Tapping feet!
#Attention follow launch coming soon... also get a follow back from there twitter.
Blah! :P
Sounds great, Chad! Talk to you then!
The world of achievement has always belonged to the optimist. -- J. Harold Wilkins
coming very soon: the full schedule for this year's Marathon!
aw you say that to am your reviewers :). I have enjoyed your work in the past, I am sure this is no different.
i was happy...
Every Rep. debate is won by Obama. The more they talk, the better I feel about 2012. They should get candidate that literally doesn't speak
Who wants to go get some sushi tonight?
We have some interesting ideas about bringing you music!
Claims the Obama admin has been the same in terms of the war on terror as Bush are just plain wrong.
Just found you your Sunday afternoon activity and the answer to holiday gifts for the ladies....you can thank us later :)....
I saw nicolette!(:
she is the sweetest! I'll get to be on board with her for a week. I'm so excited! Where are you going this time? And how long?
Hours. M-F 11am to 4pm0
oh yeah!
Personal Accountability over sexual health is a choice, safe sex or not information is plentiful
Yeah, you looked pretty cute.. From far.
Article references NFL rule chgs, but how much have they a) been intended to reduce; and b) actually reduced concussions?
bo all your fault
aww well I'm sorry about that
When the hell did Dewey get a twitter? Definately following now!
Phew. I didn't think our age gap was that big. I had my eyes closed and ears covered for half the movie the first time.
the Mktg Mgr. with our partner told us about you so it would be great to have a follow up
coffee/tea or something next week?
schmooze good for the rest of us!
language is fluid and moving anyway, spoken grammar is too static for me!
3rd tweet. #Drew believe. You have talent. Don't give up come back stronger. I loved ur save me song. That & Skyscraper made me cry
now on to a poster on red raven by
I trust him.
congrats! “: I'm so excited to announce I've accepted the newly created Security Outreach Manager position at Facebook!”
Sweatpants day
Paul Gasol with the buzzer beater? lol
that's on Izturis not Taylor...
If u don't support lesbians just unfollow me right now..... WHY? cuz biotch ima lesbian !!
I didn't even realize. Happy Birthday! RT : Happy birthday !! Hope its spectacular.
We're participating in this year's PDPsi/LUL annual cookoff! Look for us in Kogan @ 12 :}
Found 2 bags of unopened okedoke popcorn
Going downtown this week during NATO. Make sure you have your ID, you could be detained.
the department of education's default portfolio is north of 33 billion, last I heard
#know12 Great discussion today with (Brian Lillie): looking forward to his keynote address tomorrow at Knowledge12.
i love it. thank you so much. made me cry (happy tears).xoxo
Deleting evil spam mail>:p
lol yaah , i change my number alot . Nice phone my brother has it (;
good to meet you to. You have a lot of books up there. I've downloaded a sample of Blood Upon the Rose.
*txt* thanks and... I dont think so...
Hi Kara! Gr8t story about ! When u have time, pls check us out, , maybe we could be featured 1 day too :-).
I'm gunna go with SF since I havent been out there. My friend wants 2 do vegas 8/19. Thinking on it.
Ok...as soon as you can execute melismatic runs as well as you can feel free to criticize his clearly nonexistent vocal talent
How sad Veronica! We hope you can visit us soon.
aw, just entirely lost my blog post. WHY, internet, WHY?!
You know what i really dont knoe . im just pressinq buttons . lol
"She gotta pocket bubbler in her purse, but she keep it G n pack the bowl wit weed n let me hit first..." I need a women like that LOL
RT : RT : Dear PRs: When you send emails with my name in a different font than the body, I know you're playing the field.
Good morning :)
you there?
A healthy dog or cat is no accident. It takes a commitment form you to provide your pet a healthy lifestyle & reg. Vet Care.
Let's go Packers. Bring the trophy home. I love you.
godbless to all
Keep em on they toes like a midget at the urinal
Glad to see Ron Paul wiped the floor with the rest on the #answer #scdebate, too bad is trying to blot him out.
I always listen To the subway song, when I am down it always makes me laugh! :)
and when did this become about Adidas?
No problem. I want to hear you sing. You have a youtube channel.
to all 700 of you, what are yall doing att this moment of reading this sentence ? nothing..? so go like Xspo music page
haha nice. But I believe that was an #insidejoke between & not me! Still funny though.
Why do homework when u can slam a Vol? #thewolkenway RT : That play pretty much sums up Trae Golden's career.
Go Kevin!
iphones are amazing.
Nothing like a little Pandora to Pangea :D
How many of you guys actually knew that Mr Mojo Risin actually spells out Jim Morrison's name if you unscramble the letters
The People's Library returns to Liberty Plaza.
In search for a good book.
Librarians should thank god every day for Wikipedia
That just happened Big 12 is overrated.
you can get organic hot dogs. They are low in calories, taste the same, have great nutrition, and you can see eat camping foods
that's only one of their houses! But they're not snobby people by any means. Totally uncharacteristic for DC elite.
Well that tweet just backfired pretty hard.
thinks its strawberries newport :-)
cause they are OLD
Okay, Rubio is for reals. He's impacting the game in so many ways.
thank you for doing that!! :)
Hey ! Thanks for the follow. We heard a rumor was at your place on Saturday ... Any truth to that?
#ThingsIDislike people that follow me on twitter after i blocked you on fb
New blogs on the #Brewers Jerry Hairston, Jr. trade and the shortstop market:
I really wanna go too (:
I don't have Facebook, actually but if you DM me your name and address, I will send you a hard copy of Katelyn's album!
money is everything and nothing
calling the bestie tonight she better answer the phone!!!
If it ain't one thing it's another!
Air conditioning...85 degrees inside...still too early...so hot...utility bills...so hot...
Finally, back on track with my Tuesday assignments. Except my notes but that's my benefits.
The doctor said Clinton was "in good spirits" after the procedure, which went "very smoothly."
The perfect compromise!
My son was willing to sit in his stuff forever. My darling girl squeals like a pig as soon as she's the least bit wet or dirty.
All my niggas animals I just brought a zoo
considering the fact that uuuuhh
"A university education in Chile is proportionally the most expensive in the world: $3,400/year, whereas the average salary is $8,500/year"
looking forward to meeting folks at
RT : Giving my World Civ 2 presentation this morning.
is bored!! katelyn :)
All This Hatin New Generation!! #WhenWillitStop !?!?!?
Who's your fitness/nutrition writer? They should check out: Fitmapped! New Yorkers need a directory resource like this!
. Aw, honey, I don't know. Probably sales related. I met through work. I'll look at it when I get home.
Calvary's Wizard of Oz play was incredible! #greatcast Going again tomorrow with !
"Thinking you know the answer is as dangerous as not thinking about the possibility of no answers." Thank you for sharing!
Autumn, I have not excitedly welcomed you, but the squash tonight may have just changed my tune. How I adore fall fare.
S/O to Brandon Jacobs! Dude 6-4 264 lbs just broke off a DB like Reggie Bush back at USC
4 schools were on lockdown during the search for the robbers, who crashed the getaway car into a pole.
UGLY PIECE OF SHIT!~
When someone calls u up and u just mised their cal but u call right back and they don't answere. what just happened did ya die?
Make sure you blow your shit up...we need a hommie thats a down to earth MAD famous celeb out there
Free Pro Mirror Video Analysis for all baseball + softball campers Sat + Sunday call Kent 617 645 1257 to reserve your spot...just like NYY
I can hear them too ;)
I'm a little slow...but eventually I get it. Foods here...I'll be back.
bet that
So looking forward to seeing you ladies tomorrow! Haute
Pretty sure that's why they invented takeout. (Was going to say GrubHub, but I don't think it's reached your neck of the woods.)
Going to be #TeamiPhone in less than a week. 
Wait I ment #yeahbuddy my bad.
We're a little weird, lifes a little weird, we find some1 whose weirdness is compatible, we join, fall in mutual weirdness & call it love.
MCA dying makes me feel old @ 38.
Where's a brilliant book agent when you need one?
well I missed the story completely. how is sx treatin' you?
What skills do library paraprofessionals wish they knew? What would help you do your job better, especially at a public library?
sweet! I started bike riding over the summer. Lost 60 lbs. I did 2000 miles since June. My new phase will be triathlons
Hope everyone's enjoying a great #SpringBreak2012! We're open today and tomorrow 7:30 a.m. - 9 p.m.; closed Friday for #CesarChavez day.
Following deadly plane crash in Montana. FAA this a.m. confirms 14 people on board. 7 kids. All died in crash. Latest details at 5:30
i don't treat em' i don't love em' i fuck em' with muh vans on.
It 99 degrees in Chi town
We are excited to announce the location of our new bookstore, Indy Reads Books. It will be located at 911 Mass Avenue...
NF ;)) Follow BACK!
Looking fwd to today's Ceremonial & Exhibition at the American Academy of #Arts & Letters. Chuck Close's speech should be legendary!
New addition to the #SOTU #Seattle #wadem drinking game rules: When Obama says "sputnik" drink one sip!
flashbacks of Columbia, SC
Listening to students talk about cooking experiments gone awry.
We are too. #aspergers : I am happy that #Parenthood will be back on Tuesdays at 10 p.m. in the fall. One silver lining.
UNC can't make a shot to save their life! #comeon!
I just realized that I have 666 tweets, so here's my 667th to uncurse my twitter
Fantastico. How about you?
Eh screw it back to bed I go
Tweet dreams!
So glad you liked this! Those posters are the best!
I just want to find my comfort zone...and watch Cable Guy
Some women just amaze me. Did it ever occur to you that some people might find you something less than delightful?
Beautiful Day!
Some niccas don't know where respect starts and bullshit ends!
In Class with Teenah :D
RT : Shout out to & for the continous love and support
Praying for Japan.
read thru for a feature that shoots in 2 weeks
1st gripe of the day: how hypocritical of Dwyane Wade to slyly comment on the Pacers celebrating yesterday. He's one of the worst offenders.
god speed.
Can anyone identify the feet featured in our Facebook masthead? They belong to a Northwest wandering troubadour.
My head cold turned into a chest cold....logic...none
#OneThingILove is a bitch who can suck, fuck & shut the fuck up .
Dear Niners, Please W-I-N today!!! I want to see you guys in the Super Bowl! xx
so don't wait. Be missional today.
I've never done anything to him but he treat me like I'm the enemy ... But u love me right?? Smh!
how long will it take me to accumulate 2000 followers? And what do I do with them when I get them???
It's not too late to sign up for Ballroom Dance Lessons classes start Tues Sept 1st. Salsa lessons now available $70 per person 6 wks class!
no plans yet for saturday?! Come on out to dirty tricks at 9 pm and follow us on our pub crawl!
if you like to wait a hour for a update and play against weak ass players online get a trey hahah
OMG!!! That is definitely a sin against fashion. (They do look comfy, though.)
Neither did Accorsi but even he made moves a few times that worked out ok, example Eli Manning.
Question: Does anyone get their carpets cleaned regularly by a professional service company? Do you tip the guys who actually do the work?
Did she have The Voice?
happy birthday! I hope you have an amazing day! Xx :)
Phins got schooled last night. Next up are the Texans. We haven't beat them yet. Doesn't look too good for us. Got to step it up.
Thanks! April Fool's Day. :) A redheaded boy. Adorable, naturally.
I'm forever yours, faithfully ♪♫
Sure will!!!!
What piercing did you get:-)
It's a quiet little tweet, but someone heard! Yay!
Pandora just played Tupac's Changes and Bone Thugs N Harmony's The Crossroads back to back.
Quarter life crisis is definitely a thing. I am in the middle of mine.
RT : last day in London Welcome back, Brendan!
We're walking chemical factories, the whole idea amazes me. If it becomes a reality, expect hobos to start disappearing.
heard you are going to visit us in #pdx next week! Exciting!
Just came back from my favorite band's show!! Way too excited to go to sleep! :D
That reminds me of the song "I Can't Drive 55". "What used to take 2 hours now takes all day..."
James E. Webb Internship Prgm for Minority Snr Undergrad & Grad Students in Business & Public Admin. Deadline Oct 1! Details on the web!
totally enamored of my Magic Eraser. If that's the apex of tangible nanotechnology in my lifetime, I'm cool with that.
I just love that our driver back to the airport does not understand English and doesn't understand roll down the window. Both it's hot r ...
#3WordsForYou Stop Playing Around !
the only good riverdancer is a legless riverdancer.
- Still finalizing. Will be posted soon. Nice to know you care : )
mixtape wats that?(: but i thinks its gonna be GREARRTT!! :D
There's more lawsuit talking coming from Reno City Hall. City Council saying Washoe withholding require payment to flood authority.
I'd definitely go then!!!(:
Expect a catch up call here this weekend!
hey everyone, very soon, ScanMan will have an #iOS robot brother: "Itchy", the bot behind "#Gamers Itch!"
Thanks for the shout out, guys! See you soon.
really don't understand why some people leave the ugliest and most heinous pictures of themselves tagged on facebook
If you want to be successful, you must surround yourself with people who are where you want to be.
There is no flavor of ice cream better than Rocky Road
Congrats Michael!!
Not getting off that easy.
Chris&tim made me feel betta about everything ^_^
im bout to go to the club while yall fussin on here
Go to contacts; pick your contact; press edit; then scroll down to bottom and delete contact. Viola!
Adobe's Creative Cloud subscription has been pushed back to May 11.
So excited about the work on the FSA-OWI photo collection, looking forward to building off it! Thx for a great event,
Lmfao RT : Dear food, either stop being delicious or stop making me fat. You can no longer continue to do both. - Love, Me.
shout out to she's so dam beautiful!!
i'm here
Advice offered to me tonight: "If you go home with somebody, and they don't have books, don't fuck 'em!" ~ John Waters
u don't look sad to me.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
Woo best game of all tonight, Franklin Cougars vs Coronado birdies, lets go Franklin!
RUT Hockey supports tonight at Promise Ball in San Antonio, TX
Tonight is night 1 of 3 that & join on tour. How's it going ?
whew! a day off to honor Veterans. tomorrow is our happy hour with corporate sponsors -- 5pm @ the Holding Company in Embarcadero 2
I want a German Shepard sobbadly I miss having one :(
Arsenal draws. Barça loses. NEED Rashad Evans to take care of John "Bones" Jones.
speaking of instagram I need more followers people!Better be following me
God is real. Today is His day.
We have had lots of success stories! What test depends on what you are looking for. See our DNA Wizard or call 8888062588
Yolo you obviously lack originality
Wishes I was at the Sav Stopover, and getting all pumped for SXSW. Next year. Next year. Next year.
this made me smile :)
feeling bummed -____-
U had them at "D train" : ) RT : I'm so excited right now I'm crying!!! The Client List just got picked up for season 2!!!
it's okay, I'm in love with that song.... Okay and Adam Levine....
"not silencing kids" - what is the reference on that?
“: Swear I'm finna beat Cortez tall tail , if he don't stop throwing !”
My new life motto: Handle every stressful situation like a dog. If you can't eat it or play with it; just pee on it and walk away.
Loaded Landshark. Best beer/drink!
Thanks! May your Wednesday be as lovely as you are.
I recorded it today
Great weekend - Opening day, The Toys and dancing, tailgating with friends, dinner and the symphony, easter with family!
RT : hi! Can a sick birthday gal get an RT to make her feel better? Please and thank you! (44 yrs young today)
Goodmorning Alex!! I hope you have a wonderful day<3
Ain't no one real anymore. NO ONE 😒
offended half the staff with my "spunky old broads" display. changed broads to gals. any other #librarians have issues like this?
I did! That song is good. Idk why I never got into them, I think it was Jonny Craig...
Finished a love type song. Its only 1 verse & then the beat plays for the rest but it kinda gives a side of me not many ppl have seen b4.
You guys look good on the big screen!
who is she playing for ?
It's a windy day here at the Studios. #fantasmic will be interesting tonight!
Notice Dirk left the court immediatly. No interviews. no handshakes after being disrespected by lebron and wade
i love Saturdays you just get to sit around and do nothing .
you should look down from the booth...ha!
Friday Humor: Always remember, money isn’t everything – but also remember to make a lot of it before talking such fool nonsense.-Earl Wilson
I saw that same thing on Dimond!!!!! Bummed I already bought all the Mothers Day things cause those are pretty!!
yes absolutely.! Willy St when dowtown WF when in SW. RT : Doing all errands under ten miles by foot or bike.
The game, True American, that they play on New Girl looks so funny.
Win a chance to see me live on May 1st, 2012 only on ustream, by emailing me your favorite song that i have done ever!
please follow me i had to make a new twitter
Just told someone I "misplaced" something whilst my inner George Carlin yells "JUST SAY YOU FAKIN LOST IT!"
: So good to see you, hope to see you out and about again soon! :)
#ICantRespectYouIf you DISRESPECT God
I'm long for a swing trade. Seems ripe for breakout
Solo dolo too high
oh okay
me too, assuming I get this slide done :)
#What2ChainzWouldSay "Who'd give a fuck what id say"
Somehow they always ruin a good day.
Going back to sleep
My favorite part of yesterday's City Club of Denver luncheon... Denver City Auditor Dennis Gallagher's singing the Alfred Packer song!
Aw, shucks. Just helped a student via our chat service. Chat ended with: "thank you so much! as usual, the librarians at Langsdale rock!"
That said, I can't be entirely dismissive of the basic question(s) here. on the 3rd hand, I don't eat too many peas anyhow...
Having an amazing week! Worked on #TheOffice & my 1st voiceover gig on Monday & looking forward to what the rest of the week has in store!
Oh, another good one RT A6. Endangered animals
hi David, will take a look in a minute. Thanks.
Although I'm not able to go, I'm going to blow up #Twitter to request that ALL my #Twitterfriends run to see #RedTails this weekend!
Good lol RT : is that good, bad, or sarcastic???
Aw! Don't be nervous!! :D
Family Affair - Chuck Brown
(A)bort, (R)etry, (T)ake down entire network?
before the playoffs started, would you have said Marc is better? Pau had some tough games but delivered last night
If NY had not ponied up on War of 1812 funding: "These communities were facing the possibility of missed opportunities for 1812 tourism."
I though i wasnt going to do this anymore...
When we ride its cool. IM straight on you...BAMBOO
I'm doing very well thanks! And thanks for the stars and compliment.
Facebook users will never click on ads because there is no gossip in them. It's for friends. Always have to ruin a good thing w/greed
lol I know I wish we could have known in advance though sheesh
hm, i suppose that is probably in the "touristy" category. cancel that.
Happy international women's day!
“: im so glad I had boys. :b” boys huh, what are their ages?
bc ur doin so good. ur gonna b gettin a new house. (:
It takes two to make a thing go right. It makes two to make it out of sight.
i always end up unsatisfied ;/
Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into. -Wayne Dyer
On with new Patti Smith, Passion Pit, GBV, Pond, and Joey Ramone. Plus ? Bring it!
i'm happy 4 you. Sad 4 me. I'll have to check my squad out again.
Come try some of our delicious specials that Chef Louie has made just for you tonight!! Big City Tavern.... Best on the Blvd!!!
I really can't make decisions, they're so hard.
YEAH I AM!!
HEAD SCRATCHER! People of African descent allow the n-word to be promoted. Jews don't allow "kike" to be promoted at all. Who has the power?
needs more beak.
"and their white friend is very sarcastic and cool" (me, catching my acting break)
2. Yes to less hierarchy: hierarchy will begin to reinforce its own structure by hiring people to fill subordinate support roles.
ok why is Glee heading into a Lorena Bobbit-y type storyline?
by myself?o.o
oh! That's awesome. Thanks for the education.
#ThingsMyBestFriendsDo make me laugh :)
I'm interested to see what she sings tonight.
Praying so hard for you baby. God has a plan for you I promise. I love you so much. <3
All I Can Say Is PACERS!!! Wow!!
Finally saw #HungerGames and it was
Everything you need is within and around you. Search within!
What's the chance of rain for the concert tonight?
Welcome Everyone and Happy Spurs Day! Today @ 7:30pm the Spurs Play the Milwaukee Bucks at the AT Milwaukee Bucks on Yahoo! Sports - News, S
am fully allocated with $EPD. would consider buying more if price breaks down between $48 - $50.
Good luck ! might not even see this Tweet. ;) How's it shakin' in MN?
thank you :)❤
Please help cheer me after last night's game. Come see me at today at noon and say #ahwoomets! 18 W. 18th St NYC
when was Fuentes' 'Aura' banned in Puerto Rican high schools? Not 15 years ago in my all girls Catholic school. Thank you teachers!
Heavy heavy heart tonight.... Really praying and thinking for and her mom and brothers... Love you nerd!
Oops. Wrong tag! If you want to help me out, #follow !! My bad!
Thanks for the #FF sugar booty
Mine are 3 and 2. They get no say right now. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Accessories, what? RT rofl! My boys wouldn't let me do that...:(
not to be confused with meaningless which is a totally different word!
All my hip hop lovers listen up! This Thursday at 7:30 we will be having a class with the talented !! see you there!
Who is planning on joining us for #Thanksgiving this year? We'd love to have you at Grazie! 305.673.1312
you left at 7 for 'just dinner' but didn't come back till 11:15, that's why
Ugh the way I feel the last thing I wanna read bout is salmonella outbreaks
We only have 4 days left. Seniors - who only have 1 class day next week -are really struggling to focus right now.
even better! See you at the finish!
Thanks! Looks awesome. Going to install and do some testing. If I could persuade admin to pay for #lidar as coll development . .
And Garrison Keillor
Give me the Bells Seasonal Oberon.
Next step: Michigan schools to vote for age waiver for students with disabilities!! Please spread the word to administrators!! LetEmPlay.us
did you take your speaking exam?
going to get my shit to get a license next week. i need that asap
If a player prays after a great play, do they owe residuals to Tebow? Or does God get 10 percent?
"I didn't recognize you with clothes on."
thanks cuz....how you been
We need a #magazine interview our #publicist is slipping smh
