don't lose ya balance
I wish that were my name.
hety everyone, howve u all been, sry i havent been on, things have been crazy so i havent had time:/
Forgot just how good the Sex in the City movie really was...lots of laughter & tears - not just from the characters either :)
my sister, has given my babe, man, Hun .. her approval!! *clapping hands* its only been over half a yr but finally!
told about my joyous experience w/ so she can try some & tell recommend it to clients...spreading the faux meat <3
G.M.N.I.: But I digress. My apologies. Live by the S.M.I.L.E., Die by the S.M.I.L.E. Depth before dishonor.
Are you at #SxSW this year? I'm not (wish I was), but just thought you might be going.
;) just saw your tweet.
you get diarrhea. I don't want one.
#drupalcon on mobile and responsive design. Users/content first, focus, design systems, prototype, iterate early & often.
I'm not
#feedthefish awesome job Lisa and lee
Thank you for the follow, much appreciated :)
i thought that tweet was a joke about the car commercial until i saw your next tweet. twitter is great
Pro athletes have it good. Play sports, huge salaries & get laid all the time
#truth Your right. There IS such thing as a Quarterlifer Crisis! Check out the 4 girls blogging about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com
funny the Germans I meet in Israel (Chaifa/Carmel) are busy doing business with Israelis. Never mentioned anything about ...
When u get dis high cant b afraid of heights
We miss u too!
how are u friend?
I hope nobody catch us, but kinda hope they catch us.
Was happy to conduct music for Sunday service in St. Peter's Abbey, Salzburg, Austria, behind which W.A. #Mozart's sister Nannerl is buried
Game on. You're going down, Caps.
Couldn't agree more!!
We understand :) Let us know what you find out!
if that's the final it's going to be a KU alumni dunk fest.
Shocking only time I have crippling lower backpain? when I am in my private residence #do #you #understand the #implications BelindaJackson
Money talks bullshit run a 1000 miles
Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I dream can I be.
3 more days until the weekend
Hi - thanks for the response - I'll take a look at your site and portfolio :)
i want to love you, feel you, wrap my myself around you
I've been good, just waiting on my new favorite vocalist to get back to the A... How have you been?
I want to win $100 from !
Lexvegas has become Hollywood East!
wide who ?
It feels like hardly anything is working out
Just Lyrics tonight, 7-10. Bands NEURO-SHOCK and WINSTON CUP 1981 tomorrow, doors at 6pm.
AWESOME Day visiting my Mother in Law ♥ Getting Garden ready an Planning Flower Garden!
Got 2 of 's books for Christmas! Can't wait to read & be inspired!
my dad was busy and I didn't feel good anyways
Agh. Whatever. I'm going to sleep.
i miss youu too girly ! its been to longg.
omg COD time.
iCloud may become skynet on July 25th, 2014, but at least you won't lose any contacts, photos, or calendar events.
Walking away from you was the biggest mistake I've ever made
thank you! I love educating the real women of the world about ways to look fabulous on the outside and feel gorgeous on the inside
Lovin this weather #cleveland rocks today:)
Come on Yanks!! Geez a little offense please
My 3.5 year old likes OneDirection and The Wanted. Should I be concerned? (It is catchy...)
I mean, the blog's called STFUParents -- not STFUBabies.
Intel to build $5 billion chip factory, hire 4,000 workers in Arizona
Just rescued a baby kitty
Rookies to get shot at dream during Miami Dolphins minicamp
my favorite mispronunciations were "boudreaux" and "boudoir"
Harrytage or S&W.
we're on to you!
thank you!!!
Perhaps life would be easier if I just became a Twins fan.
Caretakers! Take a break, call a friend, meet for coffee or better yet WINE- connect! Thanks Elaine for a fun girl's night!!!
I'm surrender. They're all not my type, you CAN"T put me in the same room with them!!!! YOU CAN"T
Packing up my office in Burleson has turned out to be a sad experience.
Has a pair of Gopher Hockey tickets available for this Sat (10/8) game. DM if interested and we'll pick a winner!
Waiting outside the arena to meet . Wish they'd hurry up! :')
I know you love her more than me, but I can't take all the cuteness!!
Yeah! You guys are awesome. Good luck with the festival.
Playoff time and all our games are at home, till the super bowl of course.
I absolutely love you! you truly are a gay icon and have an amazing fashion sense .....such a sweetheart =) xo
Today has been a long and productive day for our company.Giving away some free give aways at check it out! Email us!
Is it any good? That's one for my Christmas list... it's not Christmas without Terry P...
This is going to end badly
Luke Scott might be one of my favorite Rays players.
Lap Dance, is the shit my nigga, and Cali love stays playn in my shit. Good look on that tiger bitch in the video WHOA! Keep killn em
I can't help but lovingly gaze out my window at the sunshine! There is just something magical about good sunlight! Bring on summer!
My valentine for the world -- more love and compassion and MUCH less intolerance and violence
Can't be a good sign, right? Unless we needed a (bad) kicker.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) -- Singer Whitney Houston to be laid to rest Saturday in NJ church where she sang as a child
lol are you serious? “: Was at bongos for 5 minutes and someone called my father telling him where I was! Like if I'm five
My pleasure.
DJ ENVY ONE™---Will Be On The 1's And 2's @ McDaniel This Friday ----
That awkward moment when you hit on someone that is someone elses daughter or girlfriend. uh oh.
Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games just in time for playoffs!!!
Good Morning Tweoples!!! Be productive today!!
FF #: one of the most amazing, supportive, hardworking do-gooder type people I have ever met.
I sure wish Ali's flight would move faster!!!
I used the Paris metro app for a trip last fall. It would tell me rail delays, awesome app.
I'm going for United. What about you??
DAMN HE GOT CHU
hes so sexy
MY PRAYERS GO OUT TO WHITNEY HOUSTON FAMILY #RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON
Tell someone if you're not well.
Currently, pre-ingest storage area looks a lot like whatever we have laying in boxes. In other words it's a to-do proj. You?
Thinking about buying some Solar Stocks..they havebeen hot! ESLR looks good right now!
omg!!! Its raining in Inglewood, ca
It's time to take care of YOU...www.hairinthecity.me...simply one of the best salon experiences in
Desean Jackson or Kevin Walter?
RT "Hamels is not the first elderly man who has hit on me" -Bryce Harper
I started straight through, and then I deviated into the section on pets. Brilliant.
End of school...and I have to do a fashion project, research for photography presentation, AND study for this hopeless anatomy final.
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes around San Antonio Texas.
Jim Healy's #vc opening address stresses value proposition for #OrphanDrug development
Excited for you, girl!
I keep having these big paydays..the lord is seriously blessing me
But "Wait!" I hear some of you yell. "I don't use torrents! I want to see the WRP teaser trailer too!"
hahahhaha that's hilarious. We've got a deal then
Feels good to finally not have any homework.
What happen 2 people just trying cigs, pot or alcohol Y R they now trying 2 turn things that aren't drugs into drugs for a 15 sec high
Experts - How To Use Them
Le patron de samsung twitt via Iphone Heuu mdr !
I lovee ur new video!!! It's soo funny!!
Pei Wrinkly with le momma. :)
#super8 was like an amazing remix of E.T. and the Goonies. So much fun!
lol she is an ignorant person she already hit by a bus in the head!!!! Lmao
Latest SMS posted on website. You can or visit website with the link and have QR code. RT Hilarious Jokes to Inspirational quotes
- Finnah eat my hot wings .!
but.. aren't those technically just your work clothes..?
wow! thanks for sharing m coco is so yummi
The winner of the "Corporate" category is Brad Key.
touring Beijing with our Mandarin-speaking son as tour guide.
pretty much failed my spanish final today...
So, states again felt that state law stood over national law?
your not even from miami are you?
OH Hero. Lvl 10 in BLR now and the weapons n stuff are definitely getting better and better
Yeah. Losers. RT : How about those losers that aren't on twitter on Saturday night?
#FF - my incredibly talented friend from college... need a girl with some soul? ask her to sing you something... :)
i love you <3
On second thought trying to stay awake after taking an ambien was not a good idea
Tonight ! Women's History Month Series 7pm in Hoyt Auditorium at University of Rochester "Mother: Caring for 7 Billion"-FREE
Thursday already! The work week is almost over. Need a little energy for the home stretch? How about SPAGHETTI AND MEATBALLS for 5.99!!!
The editorial title is "The case for open computer programs". Open source not required. Diff is important.
Haha i beat you, admit it. We'll have a flex competition to see who is buffer ;D
National Pandering Week has certainly taken root, hasn't it?
thanks ! great grilled cheese today in the scuplture garden. tasty!
Can we please find a way to get on the ? Let's make it happen
Do what u love and love what u do
Bored got my new iPod.
we're interested in discussing what you had in mind for a class. We're in Phoenix. My email is:
for the meeting. Goodmorning everyone!
if any of you care about you need to fucking pray that he starts breathing again </3
Lmao yes, normally Roland (Rampage PA guy) or Chris Duel do it. Idk where they are. Stephen's already marrying her jk(:
Where have you been I miss your tweets :) <3
New Moonrise Kingdom Clip Arrives Online, Featuring Tilda Swinton, Bruce Willis And Edward Norton This cast is phenomenal.
I can't wait to go in my bed once I get off of work!!!
coldstone is better.
see you tonight. love your design, btw.
YOU.ARE.NOT.FAT. Anyone who says that you are = F'N idiots or jealous. FACT.
TF'!!! are they homeless ppl???
You're just the best!! RT : Every time I listen to i fall in love with their music all over again &lt;3
Will be making the trip up from Chicago!!!! RT : July 6th. Summerfest.
I'm not about to go run out and buy a Haynesworth jersey (ever), but I have faith in #Belichick, Patriots that this is a good move.
that damn unemployment check takes a while to deposit!
The CW cancelled #TheSecretCircle and your girl Sarah's show #Ringer let's try together and get them on another network? Miss ya <3
i'm reluctant to name him for fear of getting too attached. and i'm doing great - heading up to lmont this weekend.
o well I guess my Phone sucks lol no biggy I was just wondering
one because im Loyal two u give great updates on all the games makes me feel like im there and three u appreciate your fans
I wanna make a cover for Don't Fall Asleep At The Helm, but I'm scared I sing horrible and everyone will hate me. ;O
Can you DM ?
lol it started for me that Wed before Thanksgiving
get them NOW. i'm like "Are you fucking kidding me?" and then my day is ruined because I would legit take a bullet (c)
I'm gonna get checked all the time. >.<
C:SOTN is the best game in the franchise by far! Good job.
u here hun?
Uh Oh listening to Shai on tv! The very 1st time I saw your brown eyes, your lips said helloa nd I said hi, I knew right then you were the 1
sadly ... is a nice concept, great stores, that has suffered poor planning
Blank confession by Pete Hautman wins in Young People's Lit.
When you know better, you do better... In this case, I'm doing BIGGER AND BETTER....
Off to the Indians game then maybe some jazz at the Chatterbox and catchin up on some game of thrones later. Quite the Tuesday evening.
Giving these Hondas the business lmao
not anymore: #thevoice #iamchrismann WOW is all I can say WOW !!!! Team Xtina and Team Blake are the teams to beat this season
“: If huggie was the coach? How would have that fight ended” I don't think there would have been a fight if he was the coach
Do you know where the other guys from the team will be at?
Why does buds and blossoms have to be so far
Maybe a pair of balls in his face... will wake Turner up!!!
Being 39 has changed my relationship with makeup and vastly increased the amount of time I spend thinking about my facial hair.
RT: Severely doubting Rush's ability to play clean defense. repeatedly sticking someone in the back isn't defense
"Obstacles are what you see when you lose sight of your goal"
In case you haven't heard MT US Supreme Court blocks ruling that overturned #W.Va. redistricting plan...
Thanks for the RT!
If that is not a game misconduct I hate the
I love you all.
Happy International Women's Day! *flexes muscles* ;*
Just saw an ad for some movie about Chernobyl, thought most teens (movie seems to be geared towards them) don't know what Chernobyl is.
Hi Christina! Hey if your still looking for work u can go minorityjobs.net and make your resume FREE! Best to u, Julie
it's for the she-woman man haters club only!
nice game tonight :) you've been doing really well, especially in the past few weeks :D
i miss all my niggaz my ride or dies
I watch the #Rockies take infield during BP.
upward, on ward and far-ward
Thanks! We like purple.
I seriously want the next edition of SPEAK to have your blurb: "Delectably written" - Katie Davis
This week is gonna go by slow
iight na we can fight ! So don't start !
and we love you! 
Your video made me smile. :-)
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay seeing my mama smile:)
Not news: is a total class act
Blessings on your Birthday, Queen!
Makin love faces.
Seems pretty awesome to me. Be sure to keep at it and stay regular.
Lucy Liu - Kendell dope ass song !!!
same issue. Going to visit the iDoc soon.
I tried publix peach tea today for the first time, you have forever changed my life. Thank you.
already watched it. I liked it. :)
OMG I LOVE that song!!!
Jeremy is getting Lin-tensive care, I presume?
After this school year I think I deserve the award for waking up late.
abbiethomas said to me in science "YOU ONLY SMILE WHEN YOUR TALKING ABOUT !" i was like is that a bad thing?:L
Big shout out to both these guys for all their help and support with 's first interview!
glad you got hooked up
From bully boys to wimps: the decline of SA&#39;s military
Thunderbolts and lightning, very very frightening... Our poor old dog Hannah is very unhappy. The kittehs couldn't care less, true to form.
Yo dear tweeters! we are #FAMILY right? xx
Thanks so much for hanging out !!!
There's more #dalailama coming... The entire #SDSU speech TV on May 5th at 8pm.
Free Teleseminar,Thurs.8/19/10, 8PM,EDT,"Do I Really Need to Lose Weight?"Register for call:www,loseweightladies.com.See you there!
I hope to be surprised today :)
That girl just attacked Ryan Seacrest.
It's a beautiful Sunday! What are your plans?
Just mistook singing Cookie Monster for Tom Waits. That's a compliment for both of them.
The Perfect Place to Celebrate Your Birthday this Friday Nite is @ *The NEW VIBE LOUNGE* 3600 N. Pulaski NO COVER 4 ENTIRE GROUP
Wants to follow her<3
I would wear cologne that smelled like Subway.
great first speaker #acrlny11 - should check out the slides
Cain is trying to stay relevant. Sad.
George Karl needs a stiff drink right about now.
why does your new profile pic make you look like Norm?
Just now getting up.
3 more till 500! help me out??
I just need helly motivation behind me
Such a pretty day to take a nap 💤
Looking forward to the Jacqueline Kennedy tapes on ABC tomorrow. Should be interesting.
A baby raccoon was just chased out of a tree in my yard by two mockingbirds, doesn't bode well for their nest, but boy the raccoon was cute.
Up early April 9. Tcash bday bash. Dont b tha one dat hv to hear about it. Be the one to tell da story. Aye lets party!
goodlookin on that RT. pretty excited to see what you guys have for this season. hopefully in the near future we can wrk 2gether
Got it, but thank you. :)
Brighter. Stronger. Smarter. The next generation of Artograph, LightPad Series; A920, A930 - Available April 2010!
thanks, feliz cinco! Not sure, I'm at an event for work. You?
Just cause I want it doesn't mean I need it
Yes they were
Is there like a Black Lesbian party going on in SoBe? LOL.
absolutely! What time?
All AA Males & All Caucasian M&F in Atlanta, let me know if you are available this week for work!
freak on the Dr. phil show??? 
Call Exotic Collision Center for any auto body reairs , Revere , Ma (339) 224-3771
aww thank you guys so much! :)
why do u and every other theo disciple praise him for winning bosox series YEARS ago and not the disaster he created now?
We are about to do an interview with Dr. Anthony Aveni, one of the two founders of the field of Archeoastronomy. So cool!
just recieved a hilarious wrong number sext-message. sender followed-up with an apology.
given our long standing relationship, I was granting you a grace period.
. and I are over here feeling very sad that Penelope didn't want to marry Kevin. Someone cheer us up?
Crazy last week: Started a graduate course on nonprofit marketing, put an offer on a house, went to Badgers game, attended college reunion.
Ima try my hardest to get to my car as fast as I can so I can avoid traffic!
Thank you very much! I have some new stuff coming out very soon. :)
Oil Paintings - Oil Painting Reproductions - Discount Oil Paintings - paintings for sale
"The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder." Alfred Hitchcock
Johnny is a freaking bitch -_-
Watching before work cause bitch dependency is no laughing matter
Awesome! Thanks for the kind words. We really appreciate the support. Shoot me your email and I'll leak you some new tracks.
RAISE YOUR BREAD IF YOU ARE BURNT IN ALL THE RIGHT WAYS. ALL MY OTHER LOAFS.
Mirna is extremely knowledgeable in Social Media and is teaching some rockin courses
People who have a picture of themselves as their background <
I love the lace design! so cute! =)
You cannot tell right now, but I am giving you a scowly face...
any words of wisdom or a favorite quote from one of my favorite artists?
Awe. :(. Then go kidnap Nanda and move to the U.S that way we'll be close and be able to visit each other! ;D
how do ya like tweetdeck so far? Im testing out seesmic , what made u transition from Twhirl?
Wonder why the last day you skipped at the gym magically turned into a month?
Cajuns surge ahead 8-0 off a seven-run second inning.
Tweet me what you think I should do. 1D fan video or Justin Bieber fan videoo? (:
"Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you"
- He'll be out most of next year too...
hope to hear you on the airwaves again soon.
We're partnering with ! Very excited for the new opportunities this will bring.
lol i want to be able to send you direct messages. but i cant unless u follow me.
I should do typing exercises to prepare for tomorrow. omg. Someone get me Mavis Beacon.
Ewwww. I don't wanna go to school tomorrow -.-
are they making it up on quantity (volume)?
Two 10 Year old girls just did the inbetweeners dance.. What did i just witness omg
I really didn't like the way she jokingly blasted all of my business but at least God knows I was honest
feeling a little sheepish for doubting mettle last night?
Not a fan of Salem being a love interest - kinda creepy!
is working on Producing the trailer for the Feature Film "Flipside," with the goal of shooting the Trailer in October.
If I was a dinosaur I would be a flexasaurus
(waving) God morning!!!!
this looks great! must have been the stellar camera man :) hope to see you soon!
Pretty much any chat app can do that, no?Just bustin ur balls :) in all seriousness maybe I dont understand the q
sick new whip
I just want to say I am so proud of everything has done and the things she is embarking in her deployment <3
if you're familiar with the MVC pattern yes. Otherwise no, you have to learn MVC first.
My brother from another mother You look like Bobby in your avatar photo.
OMG!!! My heart srsly just stopped beating. ICONic Bouz are gonna be on ABDC next week!!
I don't trust my mom driving on the freeway
Only team I will accept losing to is okc. Hard to root against em. Die hard laker tho...2nd2none
I needa win the lottery!
It's a beauty!!
Been thinking about this all day ( : — at Panda Express
hey, def come after your rehearsal! we go from 10-12:30. Arepas after? Say hi to Christian for me.
Got the update re PHX. Sad. Why not meet at a park? We have a few parks here that have plenty of parking and hangout space.
#userfocus Potential bio analogy: Content is the receptor, purchasable product or service is the cell. Receptors enable growth & change...
We loved having with us yesterday morning. Tune in on Friday when he comes back to talk with us again on air!
Hey guys. Don't forget; On the third day He rose again!!!!!!!!!! Have a great weekend.
I miss you! Heard 1000 Ships while shopping and felt so happy!
of course ! And yee its cool !
Today looks as if it will be a beautiful day. :)
Family Guy: road to germany is the best fckn episode ever.
awesome sauce :)
Easy money at work tonight!
The sky is spitting snowflakes in Chicago for those interested in weather schadenfreude.
Windy! 37 mph now picking up later to maybe 60. Good kite weather here in New Mexico.
Visit us today at Denver's Earth Day Expo! Lots of great people and organizations here!
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
Love that. Thank you for writing the article. We need to hear those words.
Haha im pretty good at the game, I think youre losing ;D
God morning  spending the day with while is at work!
We're looking forward to our big event tomorrow at Chantilly HS with , #cardinalbank, #fcps , & Superintendent Dale cc
When I'm sad, I sing. But then, I realize that My voice is worse than my problems.
Happy New Year Everyone!!!! [2011] (:
How can East Indian people eat their delish food all the time and not get fat? I would. I love it!
You really need to get your priorities straight.
was #amazing tonight!! The #interventionseries was amazing, and are so inspirational!!
My 1st experience of the Mass pike Friday traffic. Memorable I must say, I left South Boston 2 FUCKIN hour ago. Home now, boots off ,
No problem! Nice to be a part of it. Is 'On Land' an album you're going to keep adding to?
Someone come visit me. I'm bored!
curse you, Linkin Park! i did not want to like "Wretches and Kings" *grumble*
Adrien better not make me miss McDonald's breakfast.
How are your treatments going?
love ya though :)
I'll have you know you're not alone. 3 weeks strong. (not much but it's a start.)
Marshall, both are hard to find.. particularly at a high quality
Use this system to get your business to the front page of Google...www.ow.ly/7Gu9c
Thanks for the RT!
Singler with the kiss at 2sec for the win. Assist deep in the woods court for not having a visible line & causing an unthinkable turnover
Detroit to see one direction but if it's in Columbus I'll still help plan something ;) we need more Ohio Beliebers to help though
95 Tues, 78 today. Yes, please. But I'm still going to hang out at the mall. Yes, yes I am. Williams-Sonoma, are you ready for me?
We would really like to thank the musicians we work with. Without their great talents this would not be possible!!!
I gave it to that guy to give to you, you didn't get it? Better talk to him, it's a really awesome present
I need some Coldstone
Which implies that the buyer doesn't have the time or skill to evaluate higher-level value propositions
Hey cuzo! You're what now? Miss you too.
Never needed a tab so bad in my life #amialbino?
Just saw my homegirl, Audra Jones at private screening of Restless City! She's the EP! ATL Let's Go!
haha you know you miss us!! And yes bree Skype date when are you free?
#nowplaying Nothing Last Forever - c':
Make you sure collect your giant hug from me!
It is nice to meet you, too.
I must admit, I watched many hours of 1st anniversary coverage this weekend. Today's the day!
"read Forever War" : ONLY BON SCOTT AC/DC#standards RT :Does real-life war have an AC/DC soundtrack? #callofdutyad”
The Palms just isn't the same without
yeah, though I will admit I've blocked people just to make a point, not because I care if they see what I'm saying or not.
If u fuck me.... guarantee to be in yo town 2 best sex partners u ever had
Shoulder cat wants to know why you're not working harder to create a better perch.
Rapping to ukulele would be a bit bizarre, don'tcha think? ;)
This work consumes my life. Am I a human being, or just arms connected to a spine?
Can't wait to read it. Come to Nashville or anywhere in the south for a signing!!!
I know you are off on Monday, see you at Wolskis for MMS (Moscow mule sundays)
Go Stanford! This is the year they finally win in the #FinalFour and break the 20-year championship drought.
COME SEE MY SHOW TONIGHT! OR TOMORROW NIGHT! OR SUNDAY! www.plays411.com/prisoner
Baltimore what's good? I'm here......
Check out the new track! "Señorita" Ft. Gorilla Zoe!!!!!
you piece of fuck
I feel like im wasting my time.
:) oh I forgot to ask you, what's YOUR favorite tv show?!
For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Modi
Rocking out with & at their sound check crazy!
I received a mystery large package that I promised my mom I wouldn't open until she gets here on Friday.
Between the random stray cats and flash mob practices, the TK parking lot can be a lot to handle some days.
Washing your face first thing in the AM is unbelievably refreshing.
s/o she hella pretty and tweet that real shit go follow her
Walking pass someone while they watch tv n they didnt even notice lol
Wanted to share one of our fav #brands: Homeboy Tortilla Strips. We luv em for their great taste and crunch and awesome mission
we left at 6:30 sharp from the front door. We were in the lobby until that point. Why didn't you catch us down Belden?
pre-order for city hall zip hoodie going up tonight!
Planning for Fall: Internet Librarian or AASL Fall Forum?
what kind of phone did you get? I want an iPhone but it's probably not happening anytime soon.
thanks for an amazing event. you and the team did a great job. loved the dirt section!
It's not hard to be influential about bacon. Really, all you have to say is "bacon" and people pay attention.
Foil Tote Bag Stamping at NYC Printing 123. Make A statement! Don't forget to ask about their Rush Tote Bag Printing. Call 646.833.8085...
Bubba Watson is the ultimate hacker. Crushes one in the woods says, "killed it though" Can't tell you the number of times ive done the same
Got my bottle of lube and checked my dignity at the door...bio 285, lets get this over with.
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 4
Get your custom; album art, posters original art pieces, emblems or logos by TonyTAT,
Actual charge per MPD was "trespassing." Who would want to charge him with that? I'd think porch owner'd be happy.
#uCantBeToughAndSay You rescue animals.
RHCP encore... Band comes out in black hoodies to honor Trayvon = pretty awesome!
Are you serious they let that CHILD MURDERING BITCH FREE ... WHAT IS THIS WORLD COMING TO .... America please watch your children ...
sounds awfully painful!
Refusing to get the mail out of the mailbox. Their is a huge wolf spider in there! Creepy!!!
Green Shield Carpet Cleaning - Seattle, WA. 100% Green Seal Certified! 206-414-1039 Don't Just Clean, GREEN CLEAN!
u gotta start somewhere y not me
Come to my Show tonight! At Musicians Institute in Hollywood, 7 pm :)
Hope U know that your new gf is changing you...now you are really someone I USED to know
RT ": Miss Universe <3 I would've been on your side and would've gutted Lisa & Clay both. #VerbalBeatDowns #MySpeciality"
": "We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are." - Max Dupree"
not a rumor. left for work this morning and my roommate was still fast asleep.
Welp, interesting weekend to say the least
Need to build a zine rack. Zines, everywhere!
If Dr. Murray gets away scot-free, that will be one smooth criminal.
Made an indoor basketball court**
"It's a good job, but it's a hard job" my new friend, Umbert, from #HaitianRedCross. Seriously, don't know how they do it.
aw have guys please follow me your guys are the most amazing people ever :)
Got a boot cast today for fractured foot I've had for a month. Adapt and overcome. C u in the water at 0500.
Nothing like revisiting an old monologue and at first read, picking up beats I missed when breaking it down in depth 3 yrs ago.
I guess it might be time to take Garcon off my bench... crap.
RT : HISTORY WAS MADE LAST NIGHT ! Q45 is the first DJ to Play for both #1 stations!
gosh i hate people.
dear am I going to cry when I see the hungergames movie?
Wtf its raining.
McDonalds is buying beef from South America that isn't regulated like US beef.
Clickbank Cash Secrets - How to Google Sniper
haha i will;) rah good luck:)
A Privilege Denying White Dude just suggested there is no white privilege w/r/t mobility and cited Toni Morrison's existence as evidence.
Good evening #packernation!
noone! I just want to woop it out and beat tha crap out of someone with it! ;)
if i'm living her situation, i'm probably just gonna BE QUIET!!
Ahahahahaha The videos that we watch xX
showing love from the kueen of krunk of chop shop radio in san antonio texas
Why Can't We Juss' Talk.. u.u
thanks Mike :) how's Asheville these days?
We find only the best of the best, I'm not sure how we do it
That's my jam!
wow i have not been on here in so long.. hello followers =^.^=
Not cool man! Pickle broke it! We can't hear you. Dx
killed the last night.....Still ROTFLMAO
We posted lots of new stuff on Hottest Gay Places of Florida Visit www.hottestgayplaces.com to see
All I wanted was to see him tonight, can't believe we live in the same fucking city and haven't hugged him in years.
Also, what Randy Holden blatantly fails to appreciate is that it's the meek who are the problem.
Zumba was fun... Now time for my workout!
The Home Depot to Host First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call on May 15, 2012
#YouCuteAndAllBut your personality completely ruins everything.
haha aw you're welcome :]] and thanks!!!
So does this mean that Capt. James's Boat will indeed NOT sink?
:) awesome! I'll check now.
If it wasn't work they'd call it skippity-doo.
Nope! Alex, Tyler, and Luis just left my house. So feel free to tell me what's up!
I don't care about your smirk, Fitzie...
The only way to lose is to quit. #letsrun ": “I will not lose, for even in defeat, there’s a valuable lesson learned.
what a good halloween thing to do in boston with kids
I want to be Carrie Underwood.
LeBron James: The best 1st - 2nd -3rd quarter player in the league.
Trying to get through this week
New twitter iPhone app update is a huge improvement.
#Oomf don't fuck wit me cuz my dude put her on #blast lmao. <<<<<
do u eva come out here
Today we are officially 30 weeks!!! #ticktock 10 more to go!!!
Lmfao Alyssia Get Off My Twitter!!!
After a full days work, living room and hall are now "raffia ribbon". Now for my reward! I'm goin out with my boots on!
Lmfao, hugging all night, we aint celibate.
I feel so lonely.. like nobody really cares....
Flipped lecture can be played anywhere and anytime. Slowed down, repeated, etc. Doesn't have to be only used at home.
BIRD ATTACK!!! 45 minutes in we've established that they are dating and can move on to beginning the plot!
TONIGHT Girl Talk But Make No Sense, Glass Muffler, The Price of Fucking Limes $7 Doors 8pm
think I'm having hot flashes...
Y doesnt Hooka ever set off fire alarms, but making an egg does?
Ingesting chocolate & protein in the form of dark chocolate-covered hazelnuts from in Oregon. Waking up now!
RT : I hate the unit circle.
I shall call him Squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my Squishy.
i agree. it would be great to have twitter get togethers in different places!
Reading #Walden on my #Kindle, irony or simplifying?
odd, I went for a run and to the golf course since you've been there.
. Oh no! Thanks for clearing that up, its not true at all!
On the road to kick some ass
what will you be doing at 50?
What'd you think of Planet B-Boy?
di salla's pizza in homestead is the same as the southside shop was. so damn good.
stop. #COFFEE time!
ou're not the boss of me now You're not the boss of me now You're not the boss of me now, and you're not so big - Life is Unfair
Join us for yoga classes tomorrow @ 1 & 2:30pm. Monthly group class membership is $49 a month!!! Take all the classes you want just $49!
Hey Dear, I have to quickly sweat it out at my complex then run to meeting but def putting in time at the LA tomorrow;)
game at 7 . lets goo!
I'll be there! #soexcited RT So,who's coming to the Spring Style Party at our Chicago store tonight? We can't wait!
Red Red Wine - UB40
I just want a second chance with u.
RT : Common. Mundane. Mediocre. Live your life so that these words can NEVER be used to describe you or your journey.
yeah! I should
RT : Congrats to all the teams for Showcase Day... next up, happy hour with the teams/mentors/investors!
“: I'm doing it again. I'll get stop taggin up your timeline. Love yall.” Fuck that, speak the word Ali.
And a good time was had by all! THANK YOU to all who came out for the premiere of Karaoke/Spoken Word Mash-Up. Next wk will be even better!
Pretty sure I got the job :)
“: Nice win by the Eagle hoops team tonight! congrats #edsup” thx Joe!
I'm willingly subjecting myself to Lars Von Trier's new film on a Friday night. Not sure if the mental evaluation comes pre or post film.
Every day, by 5 pm, my phone and Kindle Fire are drained of battery life.
You guys made her year (:
Did you know.... that there are 64.3 million father's in America?! I say "Happy Dad's Day" to you all!
History lovers, computer lovers, come to Hagerty Library tonight for the opening of "Access Everywhere: Computing at Drexel, 1984-present."
The front desk manager, Elly took care us, but I can still email details if you want.
Today's focus: Carpe Diem. How will you seize the day?
RT 'Neck Break Kill' scenes needed! (aka neck snap trope) Tell me in which movie or tv hero kills by twisting neck RTplease
I know is big enough but you should take me as your Au Pair :D You will have more time for you <3
they'll win at least a game, maybe 2 because the zombie sonics midrange jumpers will go cold
I got a lot of contacts that don't get used
I know you don't like it when I say "last" to every last thing we do but suck it up Jose. It's our Last Comm Banquet. Drinks!
Thanks for following! Am happy to
how have ya been?
MT : So... like a Gingrich marriage? RT Gingrich: Gay marriage is a "temporary aberration that will dissipate"
For a second I thought you were quoting SEAN Avery.
I now understand why the Brits love their drink. I'd want to forget I lived here.
I miss being a kid. No one cared how you dressed, we were all friends, and you could be yourself.
Just met with our first artists-Emily Janowiak and Jeff Litsey-to discuss their show, opening Friday, Oct. 7th: Reflections on Guatemala.
thanks for the follow Dan. I hope you find my content valuable. looking forward to hearing more from powertri Doc-T
Just found out today that a #Jealouswoman does better research than and more suicidal than the
Lasagna...jersey shore and a quiet house ;)
happy president's day everyone!
At this hour, I think it's a wash between the Metro and the bus to go from Silver Spring to Wheaton. Therefore, bring on the Breda!
#Nurses, need to ask a favor. Would LUV to reach goal of 4,000 Twitter followers. Only 20 left to go! Plz tell #RN friends to follow. Thanks
That's your fever talking :+D RT : Last call, I know someone has Bon jovi tickets they want to give me.
Watch out other vintage stores in Chicago, went to this one today... is super rad. Awesome vibe! 2 hip owners, 1 white gato..
I shaved clean Friday
Wherever it may take me...
can't wait untill bball season starts I know that you will have a great team welcome home
hahaha. Reggie's always there to be my hype man
It does have an app. I use it all the time.
Checked out your recommendation! Thanks- always love good inspiration.
yeah that's why I stayed home today I did f'n link Crew crap for 8 hours!!!!
Britian discussed plans to exploit Iraq's oil reserves five months before invasion #oil #iraq #colonialism #UK #US tinyurl.com/3j7odc4
#Taurus your honesty is mistaken for rudeness. -- ♉AllAboutTaurus♉ ()
maybe if it was bill gates.....that might've worked
Yes! Gogo Kingos! Beat those damn desert rat dogs!:-) :-)
Written exam in German .. DONE!!!
Just got done with Walk For Hunger Cleveland! Yeah!
Louis Brandeis, Supreme Court Justice from 1916 to 1939
Going to bed. Pool, Movies, and Shopping tomorrow. Then, Gio's party on saturday!
yeah figured $$ would factor in, I don't know of free archiving anymore.
good night
Happy #FoundersDay ! Wishing I was with my sisters to celebrate the occasion.
No you're not! He's a kitten <3
Now looking for artists to perform at Summer Jam on 6/21. You got what it takes to rock the biggest venue in Pittsburgh? Hit me up!
#Mo...we LOVE you!!! But PLEASE go see the docs in NYC!!!
This is Not a Film, review: Jafar Panahi's invigorating directness in his new film cuts to the chase, writes Tim..
Something just feels wrong about being covered in a sheen of sweat while having "Every Breath You Take" by The Police trapped in my head.
Three England firsts for me tonight: wellies, festival and the Stereophonics.
bed before midnight the second day in a row? what is this madness?
hahha no but i said some crazy shit in that class im wouldnt doubt anything! spanish was my shittttt!
Sedaris was fantastic, started w one about leeches from new book. But doesn't compare to taking him to dinner in '02 - insane.
Our lotions and body washes make great Easter Basket gifts! Stop in today.
I'm a Twitter dummy. if you'd like to proofread for $$$ let me know. I have gigs sometimes.
The sound of thunder and the smell of the rain relax me so much 😊
"RT I just want to work with Tyler Ward."
Remember the good ol' days when car alarms were just horses kicking you in the face?
Forever alone. Together.
Hangin out with my best friend
No, but apparently I should... hm morning activity?
It ain't over yet people. A charge is not a conviction.
dont forget. pinky out.
justin is one hott boy
I've just seen pictures. Not sure anyone was allowed to record. Could be wrong.
Aw, Nick Nolte looked a little offended :-(
I hate when dudes make it seem like ALL women are "hoes" Thats just being simple minded, Maybe its SOME but not ALL.
looking forward to it.
Im At Nanny House And Cause Im Bored
I slept really well on SuperMoon
Scat: Improvise lyrics as nonsense syllables. Originated on the "Hot Five" song "Heebie Jeebies" when Louis Armstrong dropped his lyrics.
We just launched our new website www.joborworker.com
Chris Mann. ♥
Hello Uzair. Thank you for the follow. We look forward to sharing information on making properties greener and safer.
Dare to be remarkable. -Jane Gentry
Still up went to sleep for an hour ugh can't stop thinking about my baby #sprung :))
#HappyMothersDay to my mother and mothers everywhere! We love you!!! Thank you!!! 💝💐🌻💝
What does that involve? A do-over if you miss one?
Dear monday pls tell tuesday 2 tell wednesday that thursday wants 2 meet friday on Saturday by sunday
why is Fishtown smelling like a bay at low tide?
I love my little MacBook Air.
I live each day as it's my last... screaming and covered in blood.
I've experienced too many emotions today
I've almost made my limit shorting
I made it up. It is my dream! I don't listen to the radio, ever, or watch reality tv. So: no taylor...but come on, her and Kanye!
Beat my highest cals burned (on the treadmill) by 37 cals! Boo-yeah...KEEP PUSHING!!!!!!!
Also, #oddneighbor's friend has a 4mo old puppy w/ her who looks just like Perhaps I can steal that dog
Need a friend? Text me. Need a laugh? Call me. Need money?! This number is no longer in service...
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. - Mother Teresa
If you have a kik kik me. Please. I'm so bored. And lonely. Haha I'm so pathetic.
- "I have all the motivation I need" - Too funny. I stayed away from downtown today to avoid the mayhem.
he wait 20 hours to text you back
Thanks Tomy RT : A shout out to my friend - hang in there!
Avengers was the best movie freaking loved it n cnt wait for da nxt one woot woot love marvel n will always love it
good afternoon damn baby u even look good when u just wake up M
thanks girl! See you tonight?
Thank you for the follow. :)
Dat Awkward Moment When U Meet Somebody Off FB 4 The 1st Time & Dey Look Nut'n Like There Pics....... #WTF "YOU UGLY PHOTOSHOP'N B*TCH"
I love all of your adorable and great Instagram pics!
Writing my first long-format magazine piece in a while. Looking forward to using new Droid recording app today for background interview
Stop by Zone for the next 10-Minute talk on
I'm starving an all I have is gelato in my fridge.
Debating whether to brave this rain for Quality Meats or go home.
Worst playing calling I've seen in years.
OK, we will be doing 50% Rest dinner on Mon and Tues for one more week - so book now. 434 971 1800 Its on 2/20 & 21
Do you have issues with it displaying the wrong profile pics next to the wrong people? It's so confusing!
Banaji thinks our open society for immigration is what will keep US ahead! India And China don't do this. How we teach about us-them is key.
Big mistake by Brodeur. Looks like the Devils are heading back to Jersey with the series on the line.
Trying to get all my work done so I can spend the day with Oscar!
What set 5Linx apart, I don't have to sell you something you are NOT already using...Internet, TV, Phone, it is just to easy
We are enjoying the offseason.
*scoffs* I need to,see that...
is on every track now lol
Just wait till tomorrow gorgeous.
Just slapped 's as. livin' large.
Alright Rampage...lets go baby!!! GET IT!!!!!
“Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.”—Marilyn Vos Savant
I may get to go to Rice again this summer! :D
Hang with the climbers
RT : Let the #hackathon commence. Nice food for a start. #bigdataweek #dsgh Data Science Hackathon is live now
Had a chance to stop by and check out the NHRA State Champions Quick Series on the way back from Ann Arbor. Awesome time!
I'd love to hear more! We're trying to get our reading apps in more classrooms. How do BYOD programs acquire apps?
Break It down Yo! >:D
“Don't Gain The World & Lose Your Soul, Wisdom Is Better Than Sliver Or Gold.” ― Bob Marley
Had a great show on Sat at Bway Comedy Club and ANOTHER great show Sun morning at Mikvah Yisroel in Springfield NJ!
Cooks wanted to play ska music.... in Spanish, didn't know it existed, and no it doesn't sound any better
Thanks! Me too ;)
lol it wasn't about you sweetie :3 Hehe. I was talking to.this girl who is all, my gf treats me like shit but I can't leave her
I'm glad you joined Twitter to tell me that.
at least my sis surgery went well!
That amazing moment when you're sleeping with your true love. #MYiPhone :D
Goodbye Camp Quantico! Hello Annapolis Naval Academy! Headed to DC
FINALLY setup with Git and giving Tower a try. Requirements for paid projects make the best incentives ;)
Wonderful complement du jour: "Good God you're an excellent wordsmith… right out of a PR textbook."
Thanks so much!!
You don't know him to be able to gauge his emotions. All that matters is he leaves it out on the court.
Charity concert tomorrow night in #dallas brought to you by
lol I am the smartest kid in class
"Understand your social graphics. Understand your audience" Jacqui Chew #digidoy DMIS
"Rite?" Hate to be one of *those* English profs, but can't help it. In paper grading zone.
These I do. But I hear them all the time!
HIV positive
glad i couldnt help make your day a little less bored then!
Take Me To Shogun Mix Master!
Jessica Simpson takes heat for pregnancy weight gain
That works for me! Thinking Farmers Market...to start.
Before Christmas Break.
Loving, Fighting, Cuddling, Screaming, Whispers at night, Running Away, Hugging Tight, My Bestfriend, My Love.. My Everything
thanks for the follow.
Anyone want to do something next Thursday?
im that friend.
ok thx. How'd u do
lmfaooo! I can so hear u saying tht ^.^ when I first wlked in the store I was like holy fuckxx ballz !
I'll be sure to pass the link your way.
"Just put 1 foot in front of the other, and soon you'll be walking out the door!" Corny movie but that's my outlook on life. 1 step @ a time
LOL ": & for all the haters I just woke up! I'm on my schedule not yours..."
RT : Has anyone ever done a poster sale on your campus? Who did you use?
lol, so true!
Haha! I know that feeling...by the way I love your twitpic. It feels so summeryy. Haha!
At least some Dems might win.
My only wish is that i die real.
Thank you for participating in our Twitter chat last week! Please DM us your address. We would like to send you a prize! :-)
#Amtrak security dogs are raised for one year in prison by inmates.
I love background photo. Every time I see it, it makes my day. LMBO
Tell my mother, tell my father I've done the best I canTo make them realize this is my life.
i'm liking this tool, for sure...
wow! Only thing I did on that field was smoke weed....lol & cut school
do u like 1 direction
RT They got us watching "Reality Shows" to distract us from the reality.. (REAL TALK!!)
Lakers look overmatched tonight. Welp, I guess it's time to hit the sack. Nothing to see here.
I love WRTI
However, I remember very fondly that Arnold's love interest was named "RUTH" and not "Lila".
My lil boo said she like random i love you text..when we get there...i fuckn died lol
Agreed. I need y'all back in my life!
I need to find someone to go on a Megabus trip up to NYC to go to a Yankees day game sometime this summer.
Follow back please?
want a new car... JD Byrider your only option.. FIX YA CREDIT with our affordable credit repair services
Quit that Tebow talk or will come looking for you!
what are the gun laws in Philly? Is it still illeagal to shoot yourself in sweatpants?
Nice day for a web site launch?!?
i totally did that when I was little ha :)
He still be givin me butterflies 💓💗💓
I love processed foods.
aren't the "aha! moments" fun? ;-)
New tour dates posted w/ and In Dying Arms. Check our Facebook for the dates. More are coming very soon!!
Just keep it tucked in to your belt loop. RT : Picking up an awesome cangrip for my beer at at #sdmag woot!
I've been waiting for your call r u still out of mass?
Um, I used to go there...
A happy smiley face is all some people need.
RT : I love my team, man. last night was one for the books.
Packing up for tonight's show. Look out Treasure Island.
Great night at Converge21! S.Rodriquez, , , and were used of God. #e21 USA.
is your menu online?
Happy Mother's Day to all of those wonderful Mom's out there- for both children and fur kids!!
haha that too.
Dear mosquitoes, can u just go die or something?
sorry but im not a good singer and i didnt want to embarras myself
:) you sir, have good music taste.
Take Action!! ;)
Yeah! THATCamp HBCU has a university account! now we just need $$$! :)
Good morning brotha!
#ff Thanks for following! Looking forward to your tweets!
Currently considering some impressive new manuscripts.
Racism and homophobia are disgusting & Fence sitters are cowards
“: Dear School, Why aren't more like hogwarts?”
awh, thank u :)
you need to stop!!!
nahh just chilling and packing getting ready to move and shit
chicken burrito bowl with guac or what?
waiting for my slurpee
thanks for RT!
You don't know #schlitz until #schlitz knows you.
Man, Hong Kong is EXPENSIVE!
YAY!! which theater?
"A man should never be measured by his ability to speak, but rather by the message he speaks." ~ Elisha Hale
Thank you, for retweeting our post and helping our friends at Blue Water Baltimore!
#3WordForYou : Shut up bitch
You are now being followed :-)
If you had an unlimited amount of free time this week, what would you be doing?
Did you hook me up or forget like always
Going to c avengers @ 4:25
The kids we neglect to teach #FinancialLiteracy to now will one day be running this country and the world!
#ImHappyWhen the person I like texts me first... and #IADMIT that I stop what I'm doing to read it
prayer after the game. Unless Jesus said otherwise lol. You can hear from God about teamwork,attitude, determination watching
A colleague at #oxy said that Red Hot Chilli Peppers opened for his band in the early 80s
somewat my dude
Enjoyed an afternoon hike, followed by ice cream then window shopping & now xbox kinect. Tonight movies & board games! Love my boys.
Tell the hello and why didn't he stop by to see me? I am crushed.
.Aye, i had Munchies . get off my case .
Four units at Union Hills Square -- ~50k SF #retail #strip @ Loop 101 & Union Hills -- Sold for $3.9m or $73.55/SF by Wells Fargo
you cussed on here. you know what that means
I have WAY too many emails..maybe if I ignore them they will go away?
POPEYES IS OPEN?!?
Big Sean said it best "what's the perfect girl if it's not the perfect time"
Wow, true Retina display; 4GLTE, A5 Quad Core, 1080p video.
Haven't heard of that. My wife grew up RC, and her middle name is *not* Guglielmo.
RT : Eat avocados! They contain potassium, monosaturated fats and are very high in fiber.
a goal now for us will kill City! bc ! attack!!!
YES! Look for the bowtie ": i've made it somewhat of a personal goal to find sunday before the Vikings game"
The more I check-in at Carl's Jr. / Green Burrito® with the Happy Star Rewards™ mobile app, the more premium rewards I can win. Pretty nice.
This movie good as fuck. Called "Cleaner"
Great fireworks show! creamed the Sound! Way 2 go boys!!
- BIB is good for everyday wine. Tetra has to be heat sealed, so the integrity of the wine is compromised. Pouch is ideal!
2001-2007 chrysler pt cruiser is most often in the shop for wheel problems, electrical problems and engine problems
Delayed flight or expanded reading time?
"grapey" is a wine word if you believe it is! :)
#FF for all of your entertainment needs!
Finger surgery tomorrow. Can't have food or drink after midnight or I'll turn into a Gremlin. These two things may or may not be related
If you need something in the short term for your customers feel free to compare our white label DNS (WHMCS plugin in the works).
Alex when will you follow me?:/
What a beautiful day on SE Division Street! Come in tonight for some fried chicken with a semolina waffle and clover honey
i wanna see her lol I love babies
i won't be sorry! ill be at the state championship games doing PA
And we r 4th for bad style & 2nd for worst hygiene... DC has it all!! RT: , thoughts: DC 1 of USA's vainest cities
Politics misses you.
no problemo!!! you still performing in the minneap/st paul area?
"I'm afraid I'm lost" said happily would be interpreted as a fearful phrase, not an unusual declaration of excitement.
Showing up late on the first day of class #BadLuck Be on Time Everyday
I really like Chasing the Sun. rip
“: WHAT UP WIT MY NIGGA ?”What's Up Bro???
I need to catch up when I get home....not good?
Just booked , author of The Skeleton Box () for Authors @ The Teague, June 14, 2 p.m.
hey who would i have to get in contact with to do a photoshoot with you we have some mutual friends as well
your biggest fan loves the whole thing tell her you love her
Cuz She Ratchet
Don't forget to call of you want a reservation to the Offal Beer Dinner on Monday! Time is running out!
I still think Celtics will be in round 2.. well, until Thursday
Early verdict on Miles Morales: race outrage is idiotic. It's the age issue that's worth freaking out about. He's, like,12!
Are you better off now than you were 4 years ago? The topic's been on my mind with politics and all.
you don't like fruit?
If I didn't love you, I would have something very snippy to say to you right now #jealous See you this evening!
Attending or working at the #NRAShow? Take $10 off a Segway tour of Chicago with show pass. Call 312 552-5100 for reservations.
It's feels like weekend :/
now, daughter, have no fear.I will do in your behalf whatever you ask, for all the c-elders of my town-c know what a fine woman #Torah 65/99
Hate being 2 hrs behind!RT:Alright party people-Who do YOU think wins at-home prize?#BiggestLoser#BL13finale #bl13,bl13finale
Band camp, then German camp (u missed out there, Anne!), then U of M PsTL classes..what next?! Can it get better?
u can only choose one...
Do you know how many ounces of water you've had by now? Are you keeping track? Oh by the way, go ahead and drink some more...
I'm goin' all out at #KimColes B-day night. I'm livin' n the fast lane by ordering a 7-up... with ice BABY!
"yolo" is for memorable and once in a lifetime things not weird things that you do everyday
Should I bench Michael Turner to insert both Roy Helu and Beanie Wells into my lineup???
super excited for the #MeekMill after party on the 22nd !!
Pretty Pretty Please with cherries on top
What if a guy got the OLLG ticket?, awkward turtle.
Lookin forward to a great #NFC championship game #49ers hopefully against the
Your Welcome 🎤♫
Frustrating, isn't it?
I am down at the Kentucky Derby this weekend. Shoot me questions if you want the inside scoop
we're having a small issue with the schedule. We're working on it :)
I'm single
Well Vegas It's been fun! Now it's time to catch a flight. I AM LifeVantage! :-)
An amazing Christmas was just topped off with a Laker loss!
BOYS:NEVER EVER HIT HER
haha! I know! I'm gonna get back into a bit when I have free time I think. :)
Up early walking the 🐶
Naked Harry... ^_^
Been going strong since 5am, now it's time for a power nap & breakfast then jumping right back into this write-athon.
Idk what it is about Glee lately, but it's got me all emotional...lol smh
Went to Cannon Beach--Uncle lived in Eugene-we lived in Idaho.spent lots of time watchng whales.My mama was into
take my Burgerville virginity tonight? I'm feelin' ample amounts of fries I think.
I was your friend when no one liked you
We love it! RT : I could get used to this. Watching the Lakers lose to Denver from my #Ritz comfy bed.
Nice pass iggy.
Benefits of Mobile Notary
Just made some chocolate cake with German recipe, non-functioning metric scale and whole lot of gut feeling... Let's see how it turns out!
today was good, honestly. ^___^
Thanks, hun. Let's get another win tonight!
just been looking at our pics from last spring in Highgate... I miss you!x
Love you!
Kg said ugh!
Holy smokes - I'm sweating. It is so hot in this office! (cc: )
totally missed it the first time lol. Clever.
I wanna thank u for the song #MyBrother. I lost my big bro 2/25/12 & that's the first song I play every day.
Tip to Live By: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Miami!
VAMPERIFICA has signed one of the Best in the Biz's Ronna Wallace (Reservoir Dogs, Gun Hill Road/Sundance) as its' Agent 4 domestic sales
I love Mr. Cranky! Happy to keep him alive at :)
": "Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, but about leaning to dance in the rain..." Unknown author"
Audrey, How is your day going?
Why did I buy a house again?
it's not the cholesterol that concerns me. Maybe you should start guard duty with fruit
She likes roller coasters. We.
Portland, I may hate your team, but I love your city...
Come to #PDX and I'll take you fine ladies to the VolksWaffle: A Volkswagen van w/ gourmet waffles + toppings
And once again you have succeeded at pissing me off... congratulations.
Only those who truly believe in you can come close to the passion you truly feel about yourself as an Artist!!!PEACE
i love you(:
how have you been?
Well says if you don't care about the answer, don't ask. Related to a person's actual life = good.
"There is so much money in your data"
Shannon Sharpe got dressed in the dark today.
I LOVE THE INVERTER SLINGSHOT AND CHAOS I ONCE LOST MY GLASSES ON THE ROLLERCOASTER THEY FELL IN THE WATER RIDE LOL
Hope you're feeling better??
Singing with your headphones in & not realizing how loud you are
don't f#$% with K.Jesus Man! He's got a whole bunch of shit going on! .. like all that Korean shit!
My mom said I heard Drakes Breath Stink Gz , lmao .
Hockey players join today and show your skills off for MU in PA there is a coach looking for talented players post your profile and highligh
“When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which...
stopping at Tulsa...on our way to Kansas!
My day was good(: How was yours?
Text Me : p
Its not me its you
So frustrating when you finally have some quantitative data, yet not the quantitative data that you need to make a decision. Moar data!
this made my night! Thankyou so so much <3
Giving away a pair of Features big room passes very soon. Tune in now for a chance to get up close and personal on 5/7!
me too. Let's meet sometime soon!
No I ain't broken, but I, I need a fix, that satisfaction when I, get my kiss, I'm up all night, I'm not in sight, don't turn on the light,
"Michael Jackson Changed Our Lives" really? did he? really? sad! why is this trending?
just had a jacks pizza, really took me back to our childhood, actually a year ago
The season finaly was AWESOME & I'm so excited for Season 2, I just wish that I didn't have to wait almost a year :)
you win big at D&B?
Happy Friday tweeps!!! What does your weekend look like? Anyone going to a concert, skiing, or someting you would like to share?
We're with ya on that one! :) RT Idc the BEST tampico juice ever , is the #MangoPunch <3
What a great day with my baby mama love her with my heart nice wanna go night night
Today's MOCA Specials: Soup of the day is corn chowder. Sugar free lemonade is cucumber mint.
Good morning NYC!! The Wailing Casting this coming Friday.
ripple for iPad coming soon! Plus a whole new look for ripple.
I miss the old me. The me that you were a part of.
You will have to check with the owner on Craigslist
glad you enjoyed them. Thank you!
I Hate argueing with People.
I mean you can come write this speech in Spanish for me if you please...
Hope everyone is enjoying their holiday weekend! It's a beautiful day out on Alamitos Bay! Come enjoy a ride!
If I just stumbled upon the person I think I found on the Internet...time has not been very nice to that person.
S/O to the bro ... Happy 21st bday breh love you uce !!
I wish we could..
im already knowing! keep up the good work pimp, "fellow PAKALITE!!!!" and whatever i can do to help you "get where you're going"
Bored? Put some music on and dance!
sleep alabama
Catering a Party? Save 25% by mentioning this tweet @ www.patrickscatering.com
i am excited,going for soundcheck now w my boys before the big perfomance in a couple of minutes.yipeeeee.Crazy4God.
This is good. We need the Lakers to lose this and the next game. Depending on the matchup, we'll need Artest (Peace) back in the lineup.
go for it! Yiu will make a lot of $.
Everytime I laugh I start having a coughing fit.
Missed talking to you gurl how've you been ? :)
#oomf needs some penis. I think they'd be much happier with life.
And when will you be posting a link? Looking forward to it. RT : When should the magazine be out?
'He's 18' ?? Oh please. Be more creative, come on you're BELIEBERS!
Listening to min wage debate, opponents keep comparing unemployment since previous hike to current rate. Non sequitur argument.
- wow! what happened?
I like the Tuesday happy hour. Cheap wings
Tonight should be all about Dick Clark, Billions respected him, we hope everyone knows just how very special he was in life.
video shoot right fast wit
Kid feel bad, but i'm white. So.
See you soon!
I will be back in a little bit. #WhatIReallyMeantWas ......I am going to the golf course and don't call me. It will be 5 hours.
we design them and had print them.
lol! I know right! It seems that way haha! X) "not without my puppy makeup!" Lol
'Im glad I spent a bit more on these flats, so much comfy than cheap ones I usually buy. (not a #firstworldproblem - a #firstworldsolution )
to Bianca's pool party. I invited y'all last week!
Rubio is amazing
if you want to share it with me use the school cl account .edu. Or stop in today during qrt.
yep//:“: Bottom line: #okstate had greatest, most exciting season in school history and .009 BCS pts doesn't change that.”
read Dracula, now you should too!
And she's a Snowboarder!! I'm running out of Points to add to The Nina Scale!
Google Bets $20000 You Can't Hack Chrome
I Need A Real Girlfriend One To Tell My Life Too Someone Who Gne Understand
What's your thoughts regarding the Martin case not going to the Grand Jury?
You are so welcome! Happy to hear you had an awesome time. We will pass along to the Helix team. Hope to see you soon again!
Good luck! Have you thought about playing #volleyball in college? RT:: Great volleyball practice. Hope I made varsity.
“Have patience with all things, but chiefly have patience with yourself.”
U like #bloodforpoppies ? I love! ...kinda similar
Fuck the Rangers
Ah technology. Thanks to Remote Desktop my work today is spectacularly sedentary.
Just got home from the mall. Hahaha a stupid Chinese guy was staring at mIne and Korbyn's butt. Text us.
#Shoutout to ◄◄◄ GO #FOLLOW HER!! shes a great role model :) RTRT
tangential note: I had a Twitter exchange with the furry organization earlier today. Weird!
Im a dork, i embarress my friends, im funn and crazy and i just dgaf but thats why they love me(: ♥
Just received word our life-size Pat Gillick cutout has resigned from his role as interim GM. We wish it the best in its future endeavors.
A pink sunrise this morning. Magnificent.
Fuckkk this Research Paper
We miss em! RT:How McCoy wasn't taken as top-5 NFL pick, I'll never know? The kid's a flat winner-looking gr8 against my NYJets
“: Amazing feeling ": when the person you miss randomly texts you. >"”
"turn around bright eyes" #thatisall (lovely to see you on here, friend)
Thats why we are here! To help you in this new endeavor. Sign up at www.buybobnow.com. It will be useful to you very soon!
K Falkenberg of the LA Times wins the Prize for Photojournalism for photo essay on lasting toll of recession.
If you like college sports, follow He lives in TN and always has something good to say.
I want to start mixing on tables and I just wanted some advice or something on what to start out on
Check out www.saynplay.com for great speech therapy game
Off to Zepyhrhills to do some stilt walking and juggling!
sweet, get those nucleus accumbens!
I saw u across the room but was bashful:) I might see about sending my FABlab teacher there instead of staying with us-
Thank you! 06!
you still up?
Hey! There you are winter. Fashionably late.
Man, is the TRUTH! He is killing it. #Heat fans, don't buy those finals tickets yet. #Celtics might just sing the East
Omg. Newsies on Broadway. Heidi, age 7, would be psyched.
Why is the one section of this document I can't make out the only section that doesn't show up in the cross-checkable version?
What's the best way to deal with work related #stress? #NeedIdeas, Thanks!
We're celebrating one year of fighting childhood obesity in GA. The Gymanimals Black Tie anniversary bash!
"free market" only contribute to eliminate poverty as an #unintendedconsequence PROFIT/GREED is its value, not a value to build a nation
Looking forward to recording tomorrow. Gonna put em all down and have the fans pick what goes on the EP this summer.
#RejectedPickupLines is that your finger or mine?
Imma try this shit and see how it goes....
Have a #foxy trip back home Alicia! :)
Good Morning Twitter (: I woke up in a awesome mood!!! Yayyy Me ;)
i had mexican....i don't think either of our options are on the plan lol
You just did it! lol
10% OFF meal w/ drink purchase at Po Boys! Only w/ a
Johnny Depp was on Ellen today, and I missed it :(
I was getting really into Game of Thrones until I realized it was really just the new Chronicles of Narnia movie.
May the 6th Be with you. France.
The "Gordita Crunch" is a taco wearing a gordita. Hence the whole Silence of the Lambs reference. I think the taco is new.
Chicago Bulls ya'll lost to Philly?? They only scoring at the most 80 points per game.
lol yeah it sucks when that happens. I wld normally go 2night cause I put.mine off also but think I'm gonna wait.
re: "portraits" - Dear God I hate crappy writing, and that one smells like a month old blue crab from the bay...
Luke Bryan's pelvic thrusting > EVERYTHING
text me.
The Ring of Fire!
Don't care who's injured, Pens-Caps will always get my blood flowing.
Yoga-one of the best overall workouts you can do. Message me and I'll explain why it needs to be in your weekly routine.
going to adopt a pet tomorrow ... not sure what kind yet
Congrats to our friend on her feature for Indiana Female Focus. Look for her next week on
I know but I just honestly don't feel good enough to be able to do all of that "sigh"
dude your twitter name is - hard to believe you were raised w/ any class. Just pardon yourself.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. Hellen Keller
I think one of the local PG Co libraries has a local history room, a good place to start for
While others deal with a Nor'easter, we'll just lounge by the pool. What do you do on a beautiful day?
I mean... How could you not?
M I want a fruit cup now😁
no facebook, no. i DO NOT want to subscribe to #ryanseacrest. NO
The conforming 30-year fixed-rate mortgage declined to 4.181 percent from 4.230 percent
i have prep to do for my first day of teaching tomorrow... but a nap sounds like such a good idea...
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.– Leon Tolstoi
So basically they killed He Is We. Wtf. ._. Downsides of the music industry.
Signing a 100 prints.
Anyone want to float at 1pm? 2 Last minute cancellations! Call the shop if you ant to get in! 503.384.2620
Youtube videos please! :D
I'm babysitting...lol were playing school
it's ok- I'd wait till you don't wait for 45+ minutes in line. If you order online, go in early, have your food made fresh
Hair Color Match Your Outfit Everyday
Looking like The #Dallas Mavericks are going to watch the NBA Final sitting on their sofa. Go OKC #Thunder send them home.
Eww ! There were two pigeons next to me :O
WORD! "gaol" is totes ridick RT : Pronouncing it "wroth" is almost as annoying and pretentious as spelling it "gaol"
Have you seen my Zombie??
good night. I love you. xx
your so fake why are you trying to be someone your not?
Enjoy your day & greetings from Europe!
The new ECMC Farmers Market is getting better each week. 400 visitors last Friday, half from the hospital and half from the neighborhood.
Great stuff!
Well, I'm going to Teen Hoot, and my parents wouldn't pay for a concert AND Teen Hoot, all in one summer.
As long as she brings my shirt we'll be golden. ;)
good tip! Thank you. I'll try some physical activity today. See if that works.
RT : Hebrews 11 verse 6. It is impossible to please God without ducks. (Works best if the duck is crispy & Thai!)
Thank for the RT
The Hallmark commercial that everyone has something they #need to hear is actually life-inspiring rather than sachrine. Kudos!
I HATE when you all don't know the difference between TO and TOO -__-
The Bible is meant to be #bread for daily use, not #cake for special occasions.
Oh! i hadn't realized that Maurice Sendak was gay. How interesting!
not a touchdown call but game changing play under 2 minutes. Should be reviewable from the booth in my mind.
Thank you soo much for following us! plz Help us reach 700 followers at the end of this & month we will send you some drinks!!
my phone is slow (;
I had just been thinking of you! I finished 508! Whoa...if you are free soon - let me know, I will come meet you
Aye(; FollowBack?Please(:
Some of us R on the Come Up that's why people go "Who" then they say "that's the real thing" when they listen...
“: Dear sweatpants & hoodies, thanks for being there for me. Sincerely, I'm sexy & I know it, but too lazy to show it.”
Of course, love that line at the end. Sent post to my girlfriend. Her response: "Ex malo bonum."
What a big change in fuel economy that will be!
Totally going to get an hour of sleep! Awesome!
hey, is your birthday today? Haha
But it's messing with my sense of self all the same.
(D) all of the above!!!
; hey boo thang! i'm just sitting here in class, thinking about giving you a s/o (; hahaa. I love you & can't wait to chill.
Ditto. Great turnout in Indy for Big Tens! good to see you today!
How 'bout adding the East Side Shuttle to NextBus??
DC tomorrow to look for housing!
Still kinda bummed that I missed #smcpbc! It seems like everyone had a blast! I def want to make it to the next tweet up!
This weather is not poppin.. Rain rain go away and never come back!
the 2nd thing is *turns into gushy fan* What a trip 2 actually talk 2 u (ifs its u..lol) I LOVE your work!.evatalk to McNichol?
no, i'm not trying to be sexy...this is a snapshot of me saying 'hi suggie' to my dearly departed feline friend.
Ha! You too?
Then observe what comes forward. What is your experience? What do you feel? See? Hear? Know? Then honor yourself by acting on this wisdom.
Love is so blind it feels right when it's wrong
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. Jim Rohn
WR Rueben Randle showing Giants he's NFL-ready (The Associated Press)
how did we not know?! RT In VA, you are legally considered to be 21 years old on the day before your 21st birthday.
balls deep tho?
I think Billups can slide over for 20 mpg - he's decent guarding 2's and he scores primarily from 3PT + FT.
hey did you get my text? The class is Friday sorry about that aare you going to work tomorrow?
Just a few more days to get your Thors light tee for only 12 $ ! So come on down! www.tshirtcontest.com
