PWA has been experiencing email problems. It's not our fault (or maybe it is). You can still contact us through Twitter/FC.
lol... Yeah you guys did get killed last night.
all this lions hype, for the birds, they might be better, but 2008 lions 4-0 in preseason, 0-16 in regular season. brown grocery bags used.
i was just wondering because i have amacbook pro but it has better specs than what you used to use. (you said em in your vid btw)
Barrel tasting at westry. Many barrels. It was definitely an advanced tasting. And they were definitley fantastic.
I keep hearing shit moving in my room
yeah. heart attack. :(
you're amazing Daphne. I think you're so beautiful and talented...and funny. You and Sophia have such great chemistry!
I have to love , one of my favorite singers, but I am #teamBlake this Year!
Agree. Bookstores don't have accreditors to protect them. MT : Big problem I see w/analogy is gov role in subsidy & regulation
just found out author Maurice Sendak of "Where the Wild Things Are" passed away. RIP :-(
Haha, we moved back to McDonough. How have you been?
"Dude, my bracket is totally f**ked." -everyone I know for the next month.
Knowledge is free at the library. Just bring your own container. - Unknown
#20factsaboutme 12) I listen to music to get away from the world and the pain
you forgot about the back end "exhale"...a little methane, anyone, to help warm the globe?!!
. Agree. It was a foul but a call usually reserved for the regular season. Not 10 sec left in a playoff game
cool man. you around today, i may try to stop by and say hey.
RT : Pastorek: The #federal role should be strong, but #flexibility should be granted
For the record, Ellen has those annoying tutu-wearing Nicki Minaj fan brats on AGAIN. Has she abducted them? Intervention time? /tv off
Bieste and and Puck's song sounded a heck of a lot like Blink 182 xD
baby is so cute
it's privately funded.
my dad's migraines are triggered by the tannins in red wine - you're not alone in that ;-)
Thinking about you, wishing you the best today! Keep us posted!
Wear their pants around their ankles
what you get bro?
Going to see the hunger games tomorrow. We in that b.tch STRAIGHT TWEAKING
I love , even though she never replyed to my email... <3!
On the other hand, you could always create 50,000 accounts and "leak" the passwords. Red faces all around.
Shurefire Records is officially on ! we are always looking for demos and artists to submit!
Does this surprise u @ all? Thot they might go national w/their hire w/as much as they have to offer athletically & financially.
okay!! Yay just text me
Playin' some gran theft auto- balled of gay tony!
also, "angels have to invest before traction."
Just saw my brother from another mother, the great , at SFO.
it is indeed! But not giving up on it. too much fun
A guy in my section tonight yakked in his cup, then put it under his seat & knocked it over. He also left behind a sock.
well from what i'm told, they're having 50 person conference calls about me at like i'm Nazi Germany lol
so i have this groupon for liquor infused cupcakes. i gotta go get them.
Apologies in advanced for filling up everyone's feed for the next few minutes...
Due to the recent allegations at Penn State. I will spell Penis with 2 nn's from now on. Pennis.
There are organizations like to schedule and pay for travel arrangements for families seeking cancer care for children.
Riding around with Miss Mariah(:
I wish I could sleep. But looks like no sleep tonight #damn I wish I could just make It better between us
In my world? Yes.
May The Fourth Be With You. Happy #StarWarsDay!
if i dont have work!!
please write a book! Your advice makes me happy. Love ya Aub!
Q: How many republicans does it take to raise your taxes?A: None. The democrats do that.
hahaha just a classic Parma d-bag car find. Well done.
So you only hit me up when you need something?
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK do you feel my d!&k fu&$king your mind? lol XP
It's a lot of pressure sometimes!
What's your moms name? I'll give her a s/o during my chat this Sunday!
Whitney Houston, RIP. So very tragic.
Wow, that is awesome!
Last day at AAJ for my work BFF and last day in DC for my roommate/life BFF Tis a sad sad day for me.
haha that's f'ed up
do it!!! ..... Change is good and it's just hair, it will always grow back
Lol yep. I had to take it for my speeding ticket :-(
Ok lol o.o
Note to self & MT : New Preservation Week map feature coming soon. Displays PW events in your area.
gotta say this Rangers Caps series has been very entertaining
pancho and lefty, to a party bar.
weird as fauhhh
"I'm the reason why you're always getting faded...take a shot for me..."
Sign at cafeteria sandwich station: "We're sorry: we are out of bacon." Shocked the scene wasn't post-playoff Vancouver in there.
Have y'all seen the girl that was on the back of Petrino's motorcycle???
Good Morning!!!
Great! When you're finished, you can explain it to me. I tend to confuse "work" and "expression". :D
Hey Erica, check out my headshot site www.killerphotography.com and my other stuff www.jordanancel.com. I shoot for everyone.
I think I have a #harrypotterhangover. You surviving, ?
Who the one crying now!!!
#TeamPeeta or #TeamGale? :D not based on looks but on personality and skill!!!
Thanks:) No Problem.!
Love only exist for certain people smh this world is messed up I'm out fuck y'all and your stupidness !
#TheStatusLounge by 6/2 3p-8p l VIP w & + sounds by l Food & cigar specials
Thanks Clay!
test tomorrow she didn't give me nothing
we know that Gorgasm is living in a spec house illegally and has put it on the market, he's jealous it seems
yea I was counting on playing you guys as well I wasn't ready for it to be over
Kill me if the Cardinals or SeaCocks get Peyton. & his shystie 4th surgery scares me in regards 2 my
clean shot then CV was taking shots on ground and not defending, ref called it.
I want shave ice! RT : Haven't had a food truck come to the office in three days. We're living off granola bars and goldfish.
#LTL recording today and tomorrow. Demo should be up by Monday.
maybe it just means I'm loose.
then you've lied to me so many times!!!! Cuz u never told me that your mom died that day u said she died a year after tht day!
When your best friend knows immediately when something is wrong.
I think its time u make him buy a laptop. Lol
when fans are like "i think i'm a harry girl now." i'm like ~welcome to the dark side~
Scarlett Johansson is So Hot [fill in the blank.]
Down in South Side for a little bit then later tonight!! So glad it's the
Brian Gardner of up to introduce Explaining the benefits of mobile health tools.
hell yea,yall in New Chicago right na?
“ love of my life I know you are so mad at me huh? I'm sick Los :( how are you? I miss you”
CONGRATS!!! So happy for you! RT : thanks friend! I was busy with the new baby :) we're both good!
i feel like when i tweet from this account it doesnt even count….. lol like its a fake account or something
yeah, they reunited right?
Somewhere your boss just parked his car near a playground and jerked off on your pension plan.
Of course, couldn't forget that! :)
Cool, thanks! I'm curious if the prices are worth it!
So I just made the best chicken I've ever made in my life!... and that's sayin' alot!
So good! Favorite part was when I you brought that guy over and thought he was for you until he started flexing for me LOL!!
Its #nationalkissingday..Guys kiss your pets and make a promise never to EAT any animal from today itself..Go VEGAN!!!
Please let this dude leave me alone
#iLoveMyMomBecause she's been my mother, father, bestfriend, & my EVERYTHING throughout my entire life.
minor details. But I agree probably would of been a good idea to have him in
Thanks! It's amazing how time off from #editing can feel beneficial and productive!
Watching Pearl Harbor: 24 Hours After on the History Channel.
In San Angelo and Midland TX for a few days :-/
Oh I love blizzards when you're in your bed and its all warm :) haha
you get a bazillion points from me for featuring ! Redeemable in hugs, kisses and stuffed.... animals.
me too. But my bed thinks I'm seeing someone else. I see so little of it. Oh bed, you are my one and only. I love you.
Linda Lavin did some of the greatest schmacting of all time in Arthur Miller's terrible last play, FINISHING THE PICTURE.
Exactly! I pulled my uggs back out!
Big funeral procession getting on freeway soon? Maybe 60th & 43/894
oh, just hoping he's going to steal the Super Bowls thunder. Should realistically know by next Wednesday.
JA Adande got one of the fattest noses in history.
Bought some workout clothes... So now I have to workout, right?
Truth is, I miss talking to you.
very very welcome. I hope it helps. Ill get back on the computer again later and do it again lol
The most awkward things happen to me. 
Sky8 now headed to damascus for a fatal crash. Aerial pictures upcoming.
Job searching gives me butterflies. I just don't know if they're good or bad butterflies.
Just saw The Black Swans and Akron/Family rock the R 'n' R Hall of Fame. Guitar solos soaring into the heights of the glass pyramid...
Happy mothers day mom <3
Ok, got three ok's. That comment just rubbed me the wrong way.
Upon A Burning Body is doing 40% off their merch at indiemerch store? Why don't I just give them my credit card? Must have self control
Hey thanks for the support!!
I have no words.
Dreamed about <666 Blaqk Audio for now.
Coaches, make sure to check out our website for rosters and schedules! Spread the word that the JUCO Showcase is on! We'll see you there.
Yeah right!!
RT : Tonight's hero George Kottaras on LIVE with NOW! Tune in.
Spring break in 2 days!
I love bacon...and guess what tv show im watching? Bacon paradise...what a
“Successful people are masters of the process of their chosen field. Its a PROCESS, so nestle in and have patience.”
someone talk to me
Call on me and I'll be there.
Thanks to everyone that entered the Pitch Count Contest on our FB Page! Over 50 entries! =) Enjoy the game!
I know! But here are just so many targets these days. . . :)
Kenna is a mess
I can't wait until I get off so I can get in bed.
are you and following
Aren't you attending your best friend's baby shower? You should....
is broadcasting live from this morning. Cool - great location!
you follow dog the bounty hunter? hahahahaha you never fail me with your gayness
Excellence is not a destination; it is a continuous journey that never ends.
naw, I played like 2 games tho... My nigga fresh off a injury that had him out 7 games the same day we lost the play offs
the pork loin is incredible, come in today, we're open 10-7, there's a pork loin sandwich with your name on it
You Only Had 1 Drink!
im like in love with now... ♥
You should follow (:
Lol if you're a boy, and you are not british or irish and you name is not zayn, niall, liam, louis, or harry don't show up at my house. k.
all of 's music is FREE at brianjamesmusic.bandcamp.com so check it out!!!!
freelancing! Applying for jobs! Moving to a new apartment cause our lease is up.
what are you using? Most of the stuff isn't ours to lend out.
Me and biddy was singing drake today lmao to funny
I'm in a very good mood
i'm blaming this cold i got at on the crusties. showers are not fascist!
hahaha I love reading these!
Hottest day of the year! Are you staying hydrated? It is absolutely critical to drink your water on days like today!
Brickster I have a feeling that Peyton Manning is going to end up playing your Raiders twice a year.
True. It's almost pointless for me to bike there. Driving takes 5 minutes, biking 12.
Just finished cleanin my CLOSET!
“: we simply need more latinos professionals engaged in the heathcare system to meet population needs #latism”
Some believe that the Vikings would be winning right now, regaurdless of who occupies their head coaching position.
How DiMaggio and Mike Piazza had one thing in common, they both married Playboy Playmates.
How many rellos you got..
Great first night of fashion can't wait for the rest of the week
#springsteen eric church! & Yah ik i wish he was 2!
Our "Spread the Word" challenge is now underway for all members of our ReverbNation Street Team. Winner to receive 20 free Halloween at...
Early June. Hope to set a date soon. Look forward to meeting.
RT From Chambers: Council approves a second 180-day extension of Interim Height Ordinance for the Uptown Community Area
yes, that sucks! I hate people's stupid decisions and how it drags everyone around them down too.
#kids Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series: Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 7:30...
Had a great time last night at #socialgrindatl, thanks again!
Animal style?
Nothing more frustrating than playing your A game and consistently being ass raped by ridiculous online beats!
She's not normal. The dumb remarks & mean spirited approach says it all.
#cil11 still trying to make my way. Stuck on a train for 1.5 hours! Sorry to miss the impromptu keynote!
What are you working out? RT : pretty good. About to head to the gym. And train someone after my workout
UPDATE: Police blocking Cornelius Pass between Hwy 30 and Skyline "for quite a while" due to this crash.
The Bellmen are about to win a #SXSW show. Come see us at Cedar Street Courtyard. 10 p.m.
Just prayed to the Orgo and stats gods Mostly Orgo. Amen
got that shit to keep your girl awake all night call me adderoll
Another year, most likely.
-morning sunshine : )
YEAH!!!! RT : RT : Watch the voice tonight! You never know who might perform...
Im getting a different tuxedo from every day of the week now
Peggy's dress blends right into the sofa.
Condolences to the family of Oregon State football player Fred Thompson, who died Wednesday while playing basketball on campus.
aww thank you ♥ Merry Christmas to you and your family!!
Yes! Has the little one arrived?
Trust me, Kobe Bryant is going to have nightmares about JaVail. I mean... JaVale.
Got my glass of Pinot Grigio and Football.
Smith SHOULD have went down at the 1. You win the game right there.
happy chinese new year
Nashville Cable Network TV-The Nashville Spotlight taping the show this weekend!!
I can build a functional calculator with PPT like tools in #Storyline, I'll guarantee there was more design...
Strand was the first to consciously use in photography the abstract idea that came to us through cubism. Georgia o'keefe
Just enjoying an !
Osama Bin Laden is Dead... killed by U.S!!!
no. a knight in shining armor only really cares about saving the princess. Marines are out there fighting for everyone.
congrats! Cant wait to get our decks and poster!
Thanks for accompanying me on my way home from Orlando 2 Naples. Can't wait till u come back to Florida!! 5th time seeing u :)
wtf when did you tweet? it didnt get sent to my phone!
I just bought a horse today and named him Dinero!
We get our fair share of brutal weather but I love it overall. Stay comfy and warm!
Pretty confident. Most people know better than to date me.
Sure! Yea i have a few other request i just havent done them cuz i lost my voice 2 wks ago due to flu :(
workin on Music Playlists & Community Spotlights. Trying 2 hear what ur dancing 2, and shine light on dancers/ministries n the community
You ripped it the other night. Set off what turned out to be an exceptional 24 hours. So yeah, keep up the strong work.
I'm officially set to go to a volunteer orientation at 826 LA on Friday. I'mma be helpful!
I won't be impressed with technology until I can download food (:
Thanks for the RTs about our very cool House manager from
Discipline oneself to make the necessary TIME to devote to investments. Use what you spend your time on to contrbute to your systems.
Now following , Sike I've been following him for a long time
let's just not have today and say that we did #toomuchtoask?
Off to Indy in a bit to get a new bed! And also moving to our temporary house!
How does a pig feel about wearing a giraffe print?
Glad to see advertisers still pulling ads from Limbaugh's show. Continue pressuring these advertisers to do what's right.
lol it should be! You won't have to wait long second volume should be done this week
why the hell doesn't fort wayne have pita pit? i'm too shitty right now.
2 much negative news this morning - sad & SCARY to think that the political violence these days is because of a mans skin color. R we next?
Got brewing supplies today, can't wait to brew some "Drunk in Dublin" beer!
Come on tony stewart you can pull off another win
Just ignore the cookie crumble frap that's on my desk. I saw a picture of it on my cousin 's instagram. I couldn't resist.
gmail ate something bad
god look danooo
Whoever took my jacket in Cafe Select the other night, enjoy it, wear a big scarf cuz the collar is loose, develop a little aneurism & die.
When I hear that Trumpet sound, i'm gonna rise right outta the ground..... Ain't No Grave can hold my body down....
I would buy that Cologne if the poster comes with. Look great
Charleston baby! Cigars, brews, and new tattoos!
Thanks Justin! Some understand the book, others don't. I had to reveal my screw-ups, be honest. Taking some hits now.
I think my brother is crying himself to sleep right now after Cowboys losing tonight! LOL..
In the new episode of iNickelodeonShow you will meet my new bro James!Don`t forget to watch on March 24th,Saturday!
Enjoying some myself right now....and the e-cig of course hahaha
#Crew96 vs NUFC brought in a little more than 11,000 to Crew Stadium last year. It's not like Stoke will be a significant drop off.
Seeing people cat daddy while walking down the street when ur in the car #funniest thing
seems like it!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU HOPE YOU HAVE WONDERFUL TIME ON YOUR BIRTHDAY YOUR SO AMAZNG <33333
Big difference: the Reds still put a product on the field that can play .500 or better. CBJ can't say that right now
Just got yelled at for tweeting in class im suprised that my teacher knows what twitter is
LOL!!! That stinks :( Why are ya in Altus?
NY Candidate Paladino looks just enough like Alan Alda to make me want to watch MASH and Scientific American Frontiers... at the same time.
Just did two interviews after a three hour class I'm off to sleep. Nighty!
is dead still.
I <3 Julian. One of the best places to ride horses, go apple picking and wine tasking.
Bed time :] School tomorrow; Can't wait to see my boy.
Startin not to trust anything that bleeds for 5 days and doesn't die
Da only thing permanent is death so if u still livin' u still gotta chance ta Love, ta Live, ta give...
their ipad app is not bad! and alleviates that platform's inexplicable lack of a default weather app
I don't wannnnnaaaaaaaaa
sounds serious damn
did that in vegas one time. Excellent time!
I watched a trainwreck happen today!
WTF IS WRONG WITH MIMS!? -__- READ ALL OF THOSE CHAPTERS BY WEDNESDAY!??
Well deserved. Congrats!
Added to my to-do list: "Shoot w/ "
Bacon eggs and coffee for breakfast had 1.5kg to spare so enjoyed that
"it was like a big fat snake staring me in the face...." OMG.... I can't.
can't wait to show you more!! “ I saw that FEROSH pic yesterday! WERQQQQ”
I want to host :3
Start Spangled
FREE LUNCH getting ready to chow down!!! woop woop come and get a free t-shirt & a free meal
Have they found the ex's body yet? If they have, 3 weeks.
“: 49ers left without a QB in NFL Musical Chairs?” maybe Kaepernick or Tolzien can do a Lin and come out of no where!
hey Im good thanks
this guy is in
Morning Like This :)
Any Facebookers going to KICK FOR CASH tonight?!?
Want to see just how loaded w/ iron & minerals volcanic soils are? Here's magnetic proof from Mt. Etna
Bach Choir delighted to announce DOG gifts totaling $7,230. Big THANK YOU to all who were so generous.
So there's the silent killer.. But I'm the loud kind.
RT“: I don't know why but I feel like I am the one”
Just bought a bunch of clothes from hollister online! Now we wait . :(
Taking a much needed break from studying.
and congrats to you on returning to the team!
I'm the type of nigga that..if I have a goal I wanna keep pursuing it until it has been reached
I'll try another time man! Lol. Which kiosk?
"Let me tell you something: When the hips grow old, the lips get younger." -Stanley B. Herman
Guessing the #j202 presentation teams spent a lot of time at #mifflin2012 practicing their presentations for Monday.
I have 2 admit, 8 Flahvas did great this week.
Scratchy throat. Persistent cough. Rising temperature. Fuck.
All set up at the Conductors Guild conference. Stop by our booth for some swag!
Good morning Mr.
Recent studies say that 99.9% of FACBOK users have OCD well the BOOK of DUH
Those Grillade records are looking lovely.
Sullinger, meet Payne.
My Goal Before 2012 Is For To Follow Me ;DD <3
You bet man. "This is such a nice campus!"
At the home or the office, let's put that new HDTV up on the wall! Call New Mexico Satellite Man at 350-6428, today!
Audition Tip: When singing, don’t worry so much about your hands. Motion is generated by emotion.
no problem... I'm in east Atl now & moving downtown next week.
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;)  2
Yup the C's are doing it again. Get our hopes up and don't finish. Please, it's the Hawks. Not a good team, THE HAWKS.
I'm going I say Andy haha
With a great glass of wine is all I ask ;)
"I wanna hear it in your face" - Dr. Galloway.
YES! We did it. The real HU (Howard) beat Hampton (the institute) today final score Howard 10 - Hampton 7! Bison U Know!
aw! YOU GUYS!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet his tweets are awesome :)
Cincinnati should be a blast, Columbus was amazing thanks to everyone for there support and great friendships!!!!
same thanks :B
Job fair for veterans at
i am baking them too!!!! with a little bit of butter on top.
Don't know what I enjoyed more about my free Panda Express tonight- that it was free or that it was only 240 calories!
Funniest thing just happened... and I got the 2 highest grades on our essay in our ethics class!
GREAT NAFC show Fri nite @ Milw's Potawatomi Bingo Casino! Congrats to all who entered the cage! Get ready for major league MMA in Aug!
Saturday Special at ACME is our All American Combo! Add some made-fresh Mac N Cheese & Creamy Cole Slaw! South of 161 off Cleveland Ave.
At a great #txla12 session on social media for business research. Learning how to mine twitter, youtube, facebook and pinterest for info.
kicks off #Anniversary week tomorrow night at 10pmCT on #BTR. Andrew as you've never heard him before!
Today we r setting the spirit lye pipe and the condenser...
Thanks for sharing, and I’d love to chat about Logi Insight in more detail if you have questions
Anyone else notice that unless you are really into following some one most good tweets just get lost or never seen?
Most definitely! Will you be at the Allstar Weekend show in July?
Let's be honest, we all sing at the top of our lungs when Fun - We Are Young comes on
I'm a reformed catholic/unitarian/agnostic who just came from a seder and had too much wine. That makes me drunk. Oy
Imagine how much company Satan would have if God got tired of forgiving the sins you keep repeating and have repented. #Random 
I am rolling out our new dessert menu today. Who wants to try some Sycuan Campfire Smores?
There is a sufficiency in the world for man's need but not for man's greed#Mohandas K. Gandhi
Good work!
follow me? & it was great seeing you on the abdc stage again :') <3
and whos that?
That's rite
CAN I CRY ON YOUR SHOULDER PLEASE :$
Points to the karaoke singer in the bar below me who chose "Great Balls of Fire."
After a long long night at work, I wake up to , " hunnieeee are you going to the laundry now". Got to love her...
remember that weirdo who sat down next to me on the picnictable at the tigers & asked me where I went to highschool? Whata freak!
Just got off the phone with my dad.
How frustrating...IB closed again due to Tijuana River sewage...and the waves are so good...
ok then we wont! thats PERFECT also =D!
Got a knot in my head o_O
2nd State now casting for feature film 'MONONGAHELA' -
Not as of right now but we hope we can start getting more specific soon!
Not sure if it's good or bad that the software I work on has multiple support groups. I'm going to go with good.
Im so heated right now its funny.
I am literally going to make every recipe in the "Brunch Without the Time Crunch" article in this month's this weekend.
Going to MIRAGE on valley hi dr and 410 for Playmate Jens Birthday?
Last three days to see the American Letterpress exhibition. Don't miss these fabulous posters!
You're absolutely right. Won't happen again.
Good morning kids !!! I woke up all exciting I'm going to play to a prom at my school then at #downtown #LA this is life !!!!
I'd do anything to dance again.
Happy Wednesday to you, too!
hope you're ready for an invasion by #RavenNation. See you bright and early tomorrow morning.
Woww! We remember those days...tough! Keep at it :)
Heading to Usury Mountain Park for an afternoon hike.
Hopefully going to see the final version of my film The Silver Key this morning. It's been a long time coming! Soo excited it's almost done!
Its true!
Also, who do I talk to about geting a 25th hour in the day... that would help. Is there an app for that?
Cmon Raiders let's do this!!!!
Quest1: do u use a shared outlook calendar? Quest2: do ur teachers post test/project due dates online?
I still can't get over the fact that Walker spent $20M & front groups spent millions and STILL he can't break 50% in the polls?
That's the impression I got. Oh well, he is in Houston, aka Purple Drankville, USA :)
RIP Dr. Jack Kevorkian
"Better three hours too soon than a minute too late." William Shakespeare
Six (6) strikeout's through three innings. McDonald is off to a good start.
Blessed with another day to progress
When you're ready to give up, remember why you held on for so long and what it meant to you.
Sometimes it`s easier to say hello to the people you hate than to say goodbye to the people you love.
Thank YOU guys for the great support and fun February! We were proud to work with you and hope we helped out a bit!
Either she has some troubled clients, or she's very popular in her local village. :-)
Kickin it at #devlearn booth 225 today, great group from Sharing the love of maestromobile and brainbin a learning community.
dub step is just a trend right now it'll be gone in a couple of years
One thing that was hard to miss in the #LFC game was Suarez staying on his feet, when it would have been easy to go down. I like it.
that's what I played last year, I had 592 all purpose yards and 48 tackles and 2 sacks
If following you is wrong, I don't wanna be right.
I'm so drunk I.need to say how I.feel #fridaynite -- jhoselyne ()
We're so excited for your arrival. Drive safe!
You've gotta be happy so far with the Eagles drafting DT Fletcher Cox and LB Mychal Kendricks.
Looking forward to reading it already!
I'm not sure if I want to pay for Hulu+. But I have Netflix and like other tech channels. I don't have any Mac products.
now you're talkin' :)
Nothin school this year is gunna be epic
Not gonna happen .... I was told Jolie wears the balls. Now I'll be hitting the zoom button on Angie's red carpet pose.
don't drink too hard.
3 TN Congressmen paid salaries to relatives
I'm liking this #NeonHitch stuff :)
anyone ever use mind mapper?
that is super cool! What a memorable and meaningful way to reflect on your KSI experience. I love the images, too!
Check out 's music at www.reverbnation.com/cutlassrichard. What do you guys think!?
I know all the words
Baines is whimpering and pacing restlessly. Either Timmy is in the well or it's about to storm like whoa.
I wanna go to Richmond!!!
you and Emma should date(; You know you love her<33
I'm OK with this. We kept 22 and 37. “: Browns gave up a 4th, 5th and 7th to move up to 3 league source said.”
my stupid account does tht t every new person I follow so sorry
just played new musical instrument made from pvc pipe & electronics, w/smallest keys ever! creative inventions today @
Sittin Hear Writing Lyrics Cant Wait Till I Make It Big
Four days of no work awesome weekend ahead & tomorrow it's time to make another shoe purchase
With all this uncertainty in the world today, one things for sure - we've got your computer problems under control!
Yes! I'm not home yet.
yeah I can't wait to go back to the gym tonight
Free Shipping Coupon sent Bridget. Let me know if you need anything else. Thanks
What time are you going to #TapItSocial? I might attend the HR Whine and Dine for an hour and then meet you there. (phoebe)
Finally a sunny day in Miami! Good morning! Cheers!
thanks Ken... Have a great day!
6-3 on the night as Dodgers win and Mariners fall. 10 picks for Saturday! Email to get in on it!
have a fantastic day also!!!! bless
when you stand 3 feet away from the next person in line at the cafe, how am I to know you're actually in line? People aren't that scary..
Go team! RT : & win a round with their motion for the ocean
I know, right? Ugh.
"Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes u come alive & go do it. Because what the world needs is more people who have come alive."
1 more final; then acting/singing proficiencies with laryngitis, no biggie haha, && juries tomorrow. Oh & a paper and BFA proposal.
what the fuck you say, bitch? fuck you. pornstar.
Finally getting dinner and then it's home to catch up on things there
Thats 3-4 advantage for them, but Tbone is the best pitcher we've ever had and brings the W 3-2 for 2010.
Back at the dentist...but just a cleaning...woo hoo!
its a tough job... but someone has to do it!!
always dreaming about me...
Wanted! RT : I make bacon onigiri at home. :D Not a roll but a rice ball. DELICIOUS.
Anyone know if/when SXSW will upload audio files of this year's panels, like they did last year?
cont. homosexuality now that is gonna get you into hell.
Four former shrines dedicated to musicians
Ninja Mode ✌
So it's 2:30 a.m. I should probably go to bed.
Horrible. RT : This has been a truly horrible season for your boy in sports.
is not impressed with your douchebaggery. He is after all the
what?! Us pacific coast kids dont get spring break until the end of the month!!!!! :(
One hour down, one hour to go on the show. 888-640-9385 on the phone or 2247-640-640 on the text to talk to Troy.
I take it you don't have much personal experience with sheep. LOL
Who doesn't love being at work for 24 hours...
Thanks for all the follows homies!
Yesterday was a bad day!
Down to Earth Acoustic Version ツ
wow thank you! i'll take that as a compliment ;)
I miss you, but I'm trying not to care. I love you, but I'm trying not to show. I want you, but what can I do when you are not even mine?
Many Thanks to our panel of Experience Experts, great lunch with an extra learn thanks to
Hey McNabb, give Jake Plummer a call in Idaho so 2 of you and big Al can start a Shanny Dissed Me self-help group.
cmon with it
Emails already rolling in about North Carolina Amendment 1 loss. Like I said this morning, Minnesota is watching and learning.
Wherever faith has led me, performance is going to validate me!
I have the best boyfriend(:
DeRosario would have gotten a yellow card if DC United were playing Barca in the Camp Nou.
It's nice that I'm not alone. :)
PLEASE GO TO YOUR GYN DOCTOR EVERY YEAR AND MAKE SURE YOU ASK FOR YOUR CA-125 BLOOD TEST. INSIST YOU WANT IT!!
YES I will retweet it, D&D at their best!
#weRatl my favorite song is Can't Wait :D
AH I JUST FELL OUT OF MY CHAIR!!! #saysomthin IS AMAZING!!!!! AH MAJOR FAN GIRLING OVER HERE!!!!! AKLJHCLKXJFL;D
- How i wish you notice this tweet.. Hi Anne! :))
He does not posses wealth that allows it to possess him. -Benjamin Franklin
Why isn't Obama at the game? I heard he's in Miami.
Don't ever apologize for being who you are. RT : Sorry I'm such an introvert.
your soo cute! follow me (:?
“: Great shout out to P-20 vision in Vista Peak campus in on #ednatdenver”
my bad, I didn't let you know my intentions at all. I was just checking out your pic and thought it looked dope
ayo, tell your mommy I said Happy Mother's Day ^_^ hahaha
follow back bro lol
RT : Everyone makes mistakes but what sets successful people apart is that they learn from them.
God does things so well...
awesome man! i'm a huge believer in this
Maybe I can predict whether or not I'll get into schools by looking up where in the dictionary should be in April
God damn. #Martrydod is coming to ATL.
Lovely lunch today at Aria.
Lol. Imma G out here. My homie Vegeta was the truth doe.
RT If all goes as planned, we'll be carefully stuffing 300lbs of fresh-picked hops into 60 barrels of beer some time today.
stop telling me who to follow!!
Join us for our Rochester/Troy Phone Bank at the Obama For America Oakland County Office (4 N. Saginaw, Pontiac) 6-8 pm THU
The Big Swing Local Sponsor Tournament is coming up on July 12th! Tune in for news and photo's from the event!
updating the resume...the job hunt continues!
thankss(: its me and my bf
my email got hacked into so I had to create a new one. Should be working now :-)
yes! we must do coffee!
u no them pretty ones in that dumb claaaaaaassssssss
has the best costumer's thanks for your support on facebook about our in "best men's clothing"!!!
Back to school free hair cuts for men & women @ the league barber shop Aug,8 from 3:00-7:00 with student id, we just won best barbershop&sal
It would only make sense for Aramis to go yard right now.
Maybe its a April Fools Joke ...But He Dis Da Fuk Out Of J Cole
LOL u special..
Or you could just buy a #GEBBIE Directory and save a lot of time and aggravation.
good! so glad it's Friday. and I'm working from home so I can't complain. what are you doing this weekend?
Emerald is one of Los Angeles’ leading legal agencies.
do you believe in your fans?reply if you do pls..
cool story bro tell it again!
Do front like you don't like feeling good. Change the color on your mood ring. You deserve to be happy.
Wtf is taking the red line so long x_x
or any makeup celeb tips for this season #nerdprom and please no referrals to the surgeon.
Shoo, I got so angry earlier tonight.
great no complaints , hows school ?
omg me too I was just randomly watching some lol
Dropped the iPhone in the toilet...it's slowing fading at this point, I'm sure it'll be done for by the morning!
Wow...whatta game...
Typical #Rutgers - every time they get into position for a BCS bid, they promptly go out and lay an egg!
Q.o.t.n.: "I like my coffee like I like my partners - with a lot of whiskey in them and sittin on the counter"
thanks Kevin! Hope u and Marla are well.
Me and cockblocked some people trying to get it on in their car last night.
Do you know if that radio interview with Ed going to be lived streamed or are they just putting a video up after?
u know I got u I'll buy u more when u finish it
whats good everybody, sorry I don't tweet that much, still a facebook junkie
Go suck my dick or summtin.
Bone growth stops at 35 years old. After 50 years old, bone loss occurs unless you work out regularly.
I'll still get a glimpse of them as they walk around.
Proof my life is legit -> One of my college boyfriends has officially joined a boy band.
#FollowFriday All worth the follow.
how did James Neal get to be trending worldwide?
I had to fold qq twice preflop at nugget to tight players making big movex today.. I know the feeling bro
Despite his flaws, I loved the heart and soul of Junior Seau and still in shock at his death. I'm floored.
<3 we need to talk tom ok? long catch up talk....
Just took shot of the crowd and two girls texting during Glen Campbell.
Thanks for being brave. Seemed disjointed from Sue's talk. Makes sense why now.
Cursed alarm clock with hard-wired (old) DST rules....
RSVP's done!
": Skype/oovoo anyone ? Or is it too early ?" too early! lol
#cil11 NIST ISO discussing innovative marketing tools & strategies in Track D
Ready to board a plane for home! EuroTour 2012 was another great Oakbridge experience!
Will they play a completely different set if you were to go tonight? I've never seen them live.
The Burger Joint And Central Park Zoo Are Great Choices. Just Read Our Tweets, Call, Txt, Email.
Off to see my fried Jody from for breakfast.
Cannot measure grit in a maximal test. Grit key to
6 more days, I can handle it.
By the way, I'm living at #Mario's today. Breakfast with #WHAM13, then lunch with for the Digital Peep Show! Glad it's good food
Morgan Spurlock On Why He Stayed Behind The Camera For Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan's Hope
The great thing in this world is not so much where you stand, as in what direction you are moving. Oliver Wendell Holmes (1809 - 1894)
People who have like 10,000 tweet's and 500 follower's... Oh dear :/
One of the many great things that Mr. Jobs has done was adding the capability to track a stolen iPad. #bringitback because u will be caught.
fuggit im happy for the lakers.. i hope yall make it to the finals n lose in game 7.. n i feel for whoever world peace assaults next
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other way-things I had no words for ~ Georgia O'Keeffe
Hope you are having a great week!
China military says Islam does the top Wal-Mart probe could lead to campaign in Pembroke, N.Y.
:'O *puts hands over cheeks*
Dessert as the new side dish.
Ah, didn't realize wife was in the business. Thought she was off selling her wares again. (See? I pay attention!)
Im exited to see aaron rodgers slam a revolving door this weekend!
now i know how important i am .
fingers crossed! :)
We don't, but we can definitely make one. What did you have in mind?
Again God Bless them and may they find health!!
Spray tanning is recommended by the Skin Cancer Foundation. Safe, gentle and gorgeous!
#How2MakeABlackPersonMad take out all dollar menus in fast food resteraunts.
<3 the CA Sunshine!
Don't ever doubt The Coen Brothers
I'm sorry to hear it didn't turn out better for you this time. But your great attitude about it makes you a rockstar!
High in marijuana is next....
No school today we prob will tomorrow though
was playing on the radio at the bank today. It was like a sing-a-long.
Happy New Years Eve! Cheers to one fabulous year. Big things in store for 2012!
Just bought tickets to see Meshell Ndegeocello in NYC in June. One of the best bassists/vocalists ever.
just flew in from Palm Beach. I want to go back :(
That's probably my favorite metaphor ever.
I'll never understand why people fangirl for reality tv stars. So embarrassing.
that's what I wanted to hear was u say I jumped ship
GET BACK AT ME ==>SUNDAY MARCH 11TH
You know, it actually IS fun. I can't believe how much I enjoy learning 3-digit codes and TAC rules. Hey: next ACT? Going?
Massive is making my mind implode
& it sucks 2 be u rite now
On another note, that yogurt didn't taste right. Hm...
Despite sampling folks(bassplayers) like me, I,m still needed to play,there is NOTHING like the "real" thing...ya know?
Increasing predator-friendly land can help farmers reduce costs Having natural habitat in farming areas that supports ladybugs could help
Hey twitters(; first time on twitter in like a month so if you want me to follow you retweet!(:
#SyncUpNola Can we bring coffee in? I'm dying! lol
I am not paying $34.99 even if it is Canadian!
I needa skateboard >=|
thanks for following back.. spread the love
#favouritelyric You only live once, that's the motto, nigga #YOLO, We bout it er day, er day, er day
Registration cost? wow.
Well, yeah, since they'll want 2 marry boys now : If something makes the bishops sad, you know it's the right thing to do
theses piercings make me grind my teeth 
The only limits we really have are the ones we place upon our self. Dream your dreams, and achieve the Impossible..... Lane
The Vegas Airport looks a lot like the inside of an Applebees. Customers and all.
do one in orlando!
Great chevy spot. Highlight of the game.
happy birthday!
im currently looking at the most unattractive women within 60 miles of me
He REALLY owes me after getting free rides from Lake Mary to Apopka and back now every day for the last 2 months!
Mostly I've dropped off the face of the earth though
Tron2 is coming soon! Can't wait to geek out!
looking for a job as off November.
"A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with...a man is what he makes himself."
Hold on to your love..
Thanks Cherice..please do the same! times 10!
Personal Training style workouts for FREE! Promo code "fit" during the sign up process, to get a free year of routines. www.TheGymPro.com
Okay, since yhu cant keep a convo going, im not going to either! Text me when yhu wanna talk..
Fucked up my diet already so I'll start tomorrow.
fitty off?! did they happen to have any black CCM Gretzky jerseys? staples must be rowdy for this game!
“: Such an embarrassing night for Miami.” Very! Props to the #Pacers great game for them
I gotcha
Can't wait to watch it. (Believe it or not I've watched them all)
Rafter k here I come
You can never be honest about your feelings. Its always wrong.
Exquisite Peruvian cuisine , intimate setting, Passion and love for what we do...just Happy Valentines everyone!
Now, people realize that #paleo is much more than just a diet! We do what it takes to get in shape :)
damn that hurt :'(
"None but ourselves can free our minds." - Bob Marley
Dear Mom, Thank you for keeping me and separated tomorrow. Be prepared for the bitch of the world tomorrow xo hate you
BTW: KI GO TO A MAGNET SKOOL AND WE HAVE TO WEAR UNIFORMS!
Y'all know I have a weakness for Caribbean men and Caribbean food. Just let me live. Muahaha.
Thank you, Jason; comments like this make my day!
Confusion at "Between Shades of Gray" signings means BDSM moms show up to hear a YA version of WWII ethnic cleansing in the Baltic. #funny?
I hope you current go all day -.-
I wish.
#GWAS or have a one night stand with Lil B
share the secret stud, please!
Reading 's "Rebel Rules:Daring to Be Yourself in Business" and it ROCKS! Recommend it for anyone seeking full authenticity.
Breaking them or at least thats what it looked like!! Lol. It was freakin me out!
We're not at #smtravel12, but we should definitely meet up while you're here. We owe you drinks!
/// Lol expect the unexpected. Bosh is about to cost Miami the Finals...
love it! :D
Im demnding more. I may have 2 work around negativ people, but Ill be damnd if Im going 2 "hang out" w/ them. #Upgrade urself and environmnt
I told you... I like squares. ;p
But #NewOrleans holding it down
I make them at work every Friday usually, want to come over sometime and eat with babes?
Excited to welcome as a #LMS customer... the nation's largest co-op in the power transmission industry.
I could even insult her and she'll never get mad
When the only people playing the game are the cheaters, there's no one left to cheat. Game over $$
lmfao, i just dropped a tear thinking about that ish.
I want more guitars like people want more tattoos
"Hayden, your goal in life is to shower." -Jennifer
Having fun meeting with our congressional reps in DC and telling them what we're up to in Indiana. Up next: 's office.
So proud of all that you do. You never fail to keep us happy. #follow We love you :) 2
I kno ur not suppose to hit a girl, but is it ok to taze em? lol
what is the purpose of middle school PE.
They have that dance down pack.
Love those wrappers! And those cupcakes look de-lish!
Slippin down the slide I did enjoy the rid don't know what to decide you lied to me! - Avril Lavigne -
thanks for putting us on your favorite list. Full band studio work coming in 2012. Keep your ear open for us! M.E.
you must be so excited. I'm so happy for you.
Listen to our pal and amazing singer/songwriter on today! Simply Folk, 5pm.
interesting #areyousure .... yes I'm sure "smiing", I want to a writeup on you as a music video director.....
That'd be great! Looking forward to talk soon.
: Love and alcohol are a lot alike… under the influence, you can make some pretty messed up decisions.
Toes: sprained 3rd toe
Just saw 's lovely girlfriend in the season finale of #HouseofLies... turn up!
SUPERBOWL SUNDAY!!!!!!! WHO ARE YOU ROOTING FOR?
It's about to get real as prepares to do what he does best
#TheFinder finale made me cry... It felt like a bad ending..
☆ "You may tell that I'm dumb, cause you're the only one that is always inside my mind." ☆
OR HE'LL MAKE HIS OWN COMPANY
you coming to LA for transmission LA at all? Or did I miss you?
#TEABAGGER #MikeLee Forced To Sell 'Dream Home' In #ShortSale. AAwwwww the poor teabagger. Perhaps the #KochBrothers can bail you out.
“: what bar are you at? Starz or Dolphin 2?” lol..funny guy. Golden Valley Brewing
is thankful for the snow day (15+ inches). Back needs a break after clearing the driveway. Just glad we still have power and internet!!
Founder of this song...
I have an extra ticket for the premiere of Act of Valor at the AMC Altamonte Mall 18 tomorrow night at 7:30. Hit me up if you wanna go too
Oh man. That's romantic. I'm using it.
Portable mammography? What an odd profession...
hahaha okay I will! if I meet her:)
I'm sorry--I didn't see any questions. What did you ask?
Looking for a straightforward bonus point win today
I'm in Tiger Beat magazine. Oh yeah.
David Haney: 1880s-1930s social reform/Fabians/Salvation Army, people could become self-sufficient if they were able to grow their own food.
lol... It sucks
Apple pie is callin my name : ) Its like "Sherrena come..come get a piece of me ..Now ! " Haha..sadly but yess it won : p
I'm just hoping the Ghost of BREITBART didn't drop Amy hexes on the way out. Good luck, though! Easy on the fingers.
How does the carpet look in your office or facility entryway after our past storms? We clean commercial carpets! Call for an appt...
Damn, won't be able to watch 's Ustreamm tonight. Could someone record it for me please?
Hates when there are empty seats on the bus and someone sits besides you Blessings
love adventure near and far! Could use some inspiration at the moment please.
HM... just me or did we need body double for POTUS? Hairy chest yuck
that's cool. Who did you plagiarize it from? 
did you make it on in? Lol
that incident was seen on national tv no way of talking ur way out of this one
Thanks! Likewise!
...but I could possibly take time off with my swanky "no keeping score" vacation policy. And my apt welcomes scruffy boys.
FOLLOW and don't forget to floss.
Good article. I saw the documentary when it aired on PBS. Glad you're bringing this case to light again.
You're most welcome!
#sometimesyouhaveto cut off some serious people. Not all that say are "friends" know the real meaning behind that word.
My uncle needs to bring me my debit card! Im hungry
hate being broke when you want something
Line of storms to the west likely won't be in #Madison area until 7 or 8, if it holds together.
This is geeky, but I love my #dictionary.com widget. Word of the day chelonian, pertaining to turtles
How can we send some music?!
Thanks for the RTs today.
Excited to get my tattoo work done next week on my birthday!
i hope we can be look friends izzy u should add me on Facebook
The idea that you can crowd other, better, authors out of the marketplace by writing more books is the promise of the self-pub revolution.
the "Y" word lmao and 17
Looking forward to it homie
And so it is granted. Go forth. Drink grog. Enjoy thy weekend.
Cleveland, Ohio does not have a party yet for #movember! Who is down to organize it this month? #Movember #Cleveland Ohio
RIP Lizzie. i will miss you <3 sad she didnt get to meet its soo sad </3
#pens keep it alive
Really don't appreciate always having to tap the "end" key multiple times before hanging up on #iPhone4S calls
Thanks and welcome to all of our new followers from #FollowFriday!
i want a boyfriend so badly im lonely
At least our intentions were good.
vs Verlander duel would've been a fun to watch, but we'll have Millwood on the mound instead
Hey ! Interesting article on front page of this AM about your new #perfume! Where can u buy it?!
they mean convenient for THEM...
Is it shameful to admit that I liked that joke? And I laughed? Out loud? NO!
followers lost
that new #MaxPayne3 game is EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!
Big thanks for the #FF !!
Power is out at the library. Caught up on some journal reading by light of the window. Now what?
yeah we're playing rockettown this Friday with and going on your with them for the month if June!
This old school 'making crappy opposing pitchers look good' move is so weak.
Now everybody get ready for an entire new group of guys. Last time you'll be seeing these ones
Justin verlander is such a stud Heterosexual man crush
RT : Childcare needs in #Indianapolis? Follow us on Twitter for more info
Won 2 awards tonight at the Colorado Meetings & Event awards!!! I have some pretty good marketing skills ;)
Tired of trying :/
“: I'll finally admit that Julio is highly attractive and yes I did kiss him on the cheek, but its not gay" fag
That's according to the registrar of voters. Point me in the right direction if so?
My personal account (and our business accounts) are all doing OK. Good luck with yours!
#DonCheadle has #SWAG!
The article is specific to the touch, but yes, I know exactly what you're talking about. I understand the counterarguments.
Big kiss hugs to Comedy Central for airing #hotfuzz right now!
U brought that out of me today
Absolutely right, Jeremy! Checking out your website too. I'll subscribe to your blog.
What to wear to tonight's Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie premiere? Tuxedo? Chewbacca costume? Decisions.
this made me frown. Then smile.
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all you Irish loving celebrants! Especially
#Tupac sure was fine. And that #coachella shit was pretty cool but not gonna lie kinda freaky too.
Can you keep up baby boy? Make me lose my breath?
I love <3 he's the greatest dancer in the entire world!!! Looking at your dances, interviews!! Amazing!!!
not perhaps more like damn right!
I just don't wanna say goodbye..
love it! The front runner fans will start making transition from lakers to okc
subscribe me on youtube thanks
The smallest compliments can have the biggest impact.....
i know so annoying
Stay tuned for a big announcement from the editorial board.
I had a #Beast workout this morning w/ my thighs. Always my hardest, but most full filling workout.
What's your take on the new jerseys?
Man mother nature you crazy
Hey there, (ATmaryville), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Lets get #tdwed trending.
Off work bitches
Richard Nixon? Or Geer?
Yummy dark Sumatran and our House Blend brewed this morning!
Class was only 8 min
Twin day tomorrow, can't wait! :)
We need more good terms to express general kinship that aren't so gender-binary as "brother" and "sister." Evolvers-of-language-and-culture?
It's cool as fuck.
I'd rather have an enemy who says that they hate me, than to keep a "FRIEND" whose mission is to put me down secretly
Speaking of favorites, has anyone been to Bay Beach lately? I rode the ponies there when I was a little girl -- bet many of you did too!
cool! why??
Ahha, it is the AUTOCRATS we need to be most concered about, i think anyway; sometimes my 12 fingers get in each others way also
Dont foget to send a direct message to the fan club and tell us why you should win a autograph
no way I had pecans left! Totally great to see u my friend!
Scoreless w/ 13:03 left in the first period
I know y'all got iphones!!!!! follow me on instagram - andrevillegas7
love u austin :)
boo, your no fun tonight :(
Court seemed to consider more than one chapter to be too much for fair use.
Yay! **high-five**
Doubront looks to be a very good addition to the starting rotation. Like today's score. Too bad #RedSox couldn't do that yesterday!
this is absolutely tragic
Congratulations ! We look forward to even better days for ahead.
would love to meet up. The wideopencamera crew are here at the palms if youre game
Nice work! We've caught up since the last time I looked...
RT I think this summer is going to be one of my best ones yet
bandanas for sale
this calls for chocolate-covered strawberries
was so happy to see last night!! U ladies where beautiful!! :)
So ...you think it will be Air Force-Clemson matchup in LA??
I would rather have a belligerent patron than have to endure 1 more cheesy "April" joke.
The weirdest movie to watch with your parents...Love and Other Drugs.
make sure to get live for me!! Love you boo
Excited to have Reason 6 Upgrade showing up at my doorstep today.
NEVER trust a CHICK who can't keep her business to herself
Yourr soo lucky!! Austin always keeps me all stuffy in socks! :/
Word of the night: frontal polymerization. Discuss. ;)
I enjoy the term "nyugga." It's a somehow hilarious exaggeration of a classic racial slur.
TIME TO TRAIN HARD!!!!
hey Jamie, my birthday is coming up soon and I'd love it if you'd follow me
bring in any empty beauty product to Sephora and get a free Origins moisturizer.
Awe son of the year! Will tweet u about it RT : I ll fly in to #miami to bring mom RT : Love #NYC me...
My wife got me a copy of your CD "Hurry Home" for Christmas. got me to your music. Thanks for signing it too!
LOLZ. Love it when you guys talk crazy. What are you saying?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, you mean a Jamaican jerk hut isn't a porn reference?
Geisel featured in article on libraries & landscapes huff.to/kGCoLf
lol...he flames every Oregon player, then shuts down his site when fans respond...
Too many drinks last night...wakin up groggy wit a slight headache UGH
what? why? I didn't like the ending.
In line trying to.get the new j's
I can't believe that doesn't exist yet
“: All i want is to see his murderer behind bars. Fuck your song, new t-shirts, parties, graphics and all that. Thats bullshit.”
I can't wait.. My boyfriend and I are HUGE fans of the show
Man, pop music sucks ass
So I only need to triple or quadruple my yearly income to sleep soundly!
$5,000 does not even put a dent in $12,000, what about preexisting conditions, etc. Not hearing anything that would make me change my mind
Not an option.
On the way to Santa Cruz!
Today Happy Hour 2-7pm. Enjoy Fresh Arugula Salad or Pea & Parmesan Tapenade. Wine tasting all day. Enjoy.
Our music video for "Babyface Nelson" will be available soon! We can't wait to see it!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Breath Remedy Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
With Ashley<3
See you tonight!
C'MON PANTHERS!! LET'S GO!!!
I need to stop cheesing at his messages
ha! Well there is a house for sale on Grace Ave. that I'm tempted to look at. It's a steal!
Masa and Pizzeria Mozza are both good.
Its so akward being the only girl on my team... Most of the guys have a crush on me & today our Captian smacked my ass after the game!
Where is a good place for #karaoke on Friday nights in #DC?
did that guy just instantly pass out? Hahaha
highlighting youth crowdsourcing power of Innovation happening so rapidly these days!
Skating, girls, food, weed, games and cats = life
ya not loving those comments but whatever, its donee
Dang it was a nice try anyways
by the way, your comment is there, so no worries!
Goodbye Seoul. Hello Shanghai. Can't wait to see and the rest of the group soon.
Welcomes Sheryl Robert's Acting Class
thank you darlin!
Save the internet! No censorship!
thank you
You want the moon? Just say the word & I'll throw a lasso around it & pull it down. Hey, that's a pretty good idea. I'll give you the moon.
m spotify....finally!
cause you cant spell like ;)
Tune in to tonight at 7:00pm for Studio 89 with The Western!
Am I a bad bf cuz I twatted I was home before I let Jenny know?
cute is for a puppy , i want respond to that shit .
OMG lmaooooo RT : This dream i had about tho..... This Love is Real. #straightUp 🙆😍😘😖😱
I'm just incredibly grateful they kept me. Period. I love my job & I'd hate to have to look for a new one.
This has been one amazing Friday the 13th with my loves Christina and <3 and we cant forget Quinn(: our new bff lmaoo ahaha
break a leg Brian!
Definitely dig the new look.
I'm bummed I won't be able to watch. Anyone live tweeting? Hashtag?
I should probably pack up my room considering tomorrow is my last day here... shit.
Me too! RT Twitter has been an AMAZING resource and inspiration for me - I am ALWAYS spreading the word with staff!!!
so she eats guys lol? Wtf
Sun Stereo, , , , and and Spearhead...Welcome to the lineup!
u is undo in command (normal) mode. ctrl-r is redo in command (normal) mode.
I'm gonna start calling a #HipsterBrewerFan cuz he cheers for Loe & Yuni ironically. (He still has a man crush on Gomez though).
There are just so many girls who make me want to punch them in the face based on their facebook updates.
gross... Summer school. For why?
Thanks for following Revolver! BrianFiskMusic EROCK
let's be honest, though. Considering how the low seeds have played (save for San Jose), would it really be THAT easy?
Every morning I look forward to seeing your Goodmorning tweet! Great way to start my day! Love you! good luck with the move!<3
GREAT job guys!
Alan Silvestri is a genius. Both the Captain America and the Avengers score are just so beautiful and intense. Four for you, Alan Silvestri
yah like what
hey how are you? Te amo! Latin girls loves you x <3
This man Charles Barkley really said "you want easy shots compared to tough shots" on national television. Really Chuck? Thanks.
Not everyone pretends.
“: Best friends have conversations impossibIe to understand by other people.”
is feeling better about "life." Would probably feel even better about it if I didn't feel the need to put "life" in scare quotes.
Well i'll be spending my sunday night to monday morning at the hospital
saw a story about the virgin galactic on local news. really, it goes 4x the speed of LIGHT? i'm pretty sure it's SOUND.
Civil War relics moved because of floods KOIN Local 6 News picture Jeff Gianola
J, thanks for spending your time & talents in helping me w/ the challenge of casting the best suited actors. You're greatly appreciated! LK
5 hours of sleep is not enough.
About to go visit my friends at FKE for the last time this school year! *sniff* They better come see me at the library this summer!
Seth Thank you for using the hash tag #mrgasn please let us know how we can help promote your market research goals ...
It's Friday my beautiful people!
dude you are the best!!
you guys are amazing !!!!!!!!! :) I like your music and can you plz follow ________ ______he's a great singer :)
No, sorry, but I can do search.
RIP, Junior Seau.
I really want to go see Project X again..
SaddleBrook @ Bobby Rockets tonight ... the shenanigans continue ...
hahaha I remember cracking up at that part
Drink some wine to chill out. You'll also be accepting the blood of Christ! That's how the fairy tale goes, right?
bs about him being a Yanks fan all his life ad fearing for his life cuz he wore Yankees gear in bmore was complete bs
Now I really want to see punked with !!! I wonder if he looks cute when he's angry???
Librarians and Technology Meetup
due to the game none of us can afford to miss, our meeting will be postponed until next tuesday, same place same time. GO LAKERS!!
Like we discussed earlier, this is what they put on gravestones! Adam and Britney's babysitter, sex friend and loving mother
we will be releasing the teaser track under the name Smiley Face MO . Because of legal matters :) We love you all
How do I turn on safesearch for hubot? '"hubot image me "cutoff pants"'
Hi Jeff, hmm. I wonder what I meant too. Sheesh, I'm pretty new to twitter. I'm looking for a good song for current p-cast
Right on bruh--->RT : DO IT BIG IN VEGAS BIG HOMIE!!!
Completing some orders from - their product is amazing!
Say it aint so. RT : I'm slowly becoming a Twitter Quitter.
Yeah, Mila reminds me of Emma Stone from Easy A
Is there anything NOT being released today? Happy
Hope it gets better!
When deciding on a LASIK clinic or surgeon, choose one that is dedicated to patient safety, the best technology, and long-term follow-up.
WHAT IS SWAGGY I'm so confused
Austin was awesome this weekend! Show at the 19th Hole in the Woodlands Friday then New Orleans here we come!
i am!
Sometimes i take a fish out of the aquarium and question it......or as i call it "air boarding"
well, according to my sociologist wife, gender isn't binary, it is a spectrum. so if chrome will make me extra-mannish, I'll try it
can play multiple instruments at one time.. with his beard
Alright I will check them out thanks bro ! Do you know any producers looking for new talent? Tell them to hmu I'll show my music
Woah woah woah! Colored eyes are considered a mutation? So that technically means I'm a mutant!!
Interviewee question #3: What areas does your team need improvement in? (Find out where key gaps are)
haha , its gotta be fun though!ya'll are KILLING it on ABDC!very proud =]
#20factsaboutme 6) My mom died when I was 8...
shanghai red's rocks! So much food.
sorry Rach - I deleted my Twitter app from my phone and didn't ever see this... Until now. Love you still <3
Twitter is so complicated.
my wife likes those ceramic pottery places thought i had no desire to go but propose by painting "marry me"
Thank you to all that have served and are serving. Happy Memorial Day.
If your getting read to be a senior & stil riding the bus !
The houses she's being shown are freaking ridiculous. I mean, this one has a pic of JFK standing in its dining room.
Why are there so many bad drivers? If you can't drive passed 30mph u shouldn't have a fucking license!
OG looking like Eddie from the barbershop, told him: "boy make sure you go to church this sunday, cause u damn sho need jesus"
is it sad I'm so looking forward to the rain? Lol
It is official! Got the office. Salient Success Marketing.
my wife she asked me what was wrong with her eyebrows...awesome
up late again i so cant wait for the day this baby of mine sleeps at night... in need of some sleep
looking forward to seeing you at Legends! Let's get there
brilliant keep dancing
Your students are lucky to have you as their teacher - hope you have a great
I cried when I read a rec letter for me written by Roger Murtie today. Best summer ever. Miss you!
The less you care, the happier you'll be
yes girl?
Wait what?
Hmm… does a shoeshine sound good right about now? The lovely ladies will take care of that!
Aaron Koppel Quartet is playing a gig Friday December 16th from 7-11p in Calumet City. Bring your instrument and sit in with us.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try. - Beverly Sills
You and me, Diamond ring. Sparklin like champagne.
Hey David, thanks for the FF mention. I really appreciate the support!
RT : "You don't drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there." ~Edwin Louis Cole
Thanks for the follow !!
2 of 2... but leaving us when we cross into the shade.” ~ Christian Nevell Bovee |
Kiss The Summer Hello tickets this morning !
what of we each had some kind of party and connected them through video conference? Not like everyone always...
I am having a follow Tuesday. I am so excited about following all of you people!
I think he just needs a hug. His agent says it has a lot to do with personal issues, but they refuse to specify what that means
...regardless, I suggest keeping the handle you have now.
Take Cover Kisses!
I AM UR BIGGEST #MAHOMIE!! I TALK ABOUT U ALL DAY DURING SCHOOL!! I SAY #YEE ALL THE TIME!! I LOVE U!!
I want u to put a braid in my hair!!!!
For #Kindle authors, I highly recommend looking into sponsorships on on Kindle Nation Daily. My ranking certainly shot up, least 4 a while!
What does #Halloween at look like? Blinky, Pinky, Inky and Clyde roamed around our office yesterday trying to catch Pac-Man....
i cant(:
TRUTH IS THE MOST HORRIFYING: The events that took place on July 13, 1966 is what inspired this movie. Rd the full article on RIFT FB page
Not tryna spread feelings or none but. My dad is a worthless piece of shit. I wish he would return the things that aren't his and get out<\3
The Foundation match will be 7% net after all transaction fees and costs
awesome! I think you would like California. You should go there(:
Very nice. Helen looks good in comic form.
That amazing feeling you get when you're sibling tells you you're the BEST brother in the whole wide world lol(:
what team
pls follow me ((: make my wish come true ((;
who done pissed you off
omg I'm going to miss the seniors >_>
Your crazy no it wasn't
Time to get in the laps at the pool. I love swimming laps while I work on a character. It's very meditative. Happy hump day!
Actions declare allegiance.
An #eye doc today compared #Glaucoma to a marathon. It's a long race that will require daily practice and commitment to preserve vision.
Dinner w/ jme m. Then mall and checkin our the new place.
Yeah, maybe if signed in or something. Either way, grr!
what year did u graduate from woodlane hills
I don't need to try to control you Look into my eyes and I'll own you With the moves like Jagger I've got the moves like Jagger moooovvves
dm me where to send beats
When are the good Super Bowl commercials going to start?
Mo Money Mo Problems
Haha I'm pretty sure you would have took care of them if they came around!
Lawn mower ran out of gas just as it started to sprinkle outside. Guess that's God's way of watching out for me. ;)
Devils are one win away from conference finals. 😁
Maybe it's best for me to focus on me & stop looking for love in all the wrong places
I am ready to go
Not quite sure I am ready for The Lighter Side Of The News :-P
me too!!! And they say TV spoils your brain
Yes!! “ Last but not least, thanks for sharing your story! Preciate you! ”
#Promo Let Bill Boy Cutz Big Up Ur Marketing & Maximize Exposure Hit w/ Email 4 Packages | Major Buzz GUARANTEED
Busy day today. Will post results tomorrow.
Some drunk guy just called about your vacant apartment and woke you from your slumber? It's your own fault! Use a 4RentSign!
Thanks for coming out and sharing my bday w me rt : My gal, performing "Why Haven't I Heard From You?"
hell yea RT : You know it's a good night if it ends in a calamityboat. Cc:
Absolutely smokin' deal available on a bus this weekend!!! Don't miss it! Call 405-447-2446 to claim it!! Don't miss out!
Longest ive ever stayed up with New Record!!:D HateLies<3Trust
A woman is on the floor changing a diaper in the computer section at B&N :(
#sacscoc What we assess, inputs, processes, outputs, and outcomes.
Brent, ur no longer in the 21 club pal. Ur old.
#agirldeserves a man or a woman
I consider myself a crayon : I may not be your favorite color but someday you will need me to complete your picture.
my phone ran out of battery and I couldn't call him
Nurture your contacts with wedding coordinators to get good business
nice! I totally could have used that a few months ago!
I just saw your news. I hope you recover quickly!
Hey Jen...Its Joel Kirsh...Holly and I are coming to Miami friday. Cant wait!! I will email/text u this week.
Did I so the worm last night?
fac losing forms is a big problem. I offer to review forms for the profs I am liaison for. Helped get weird lang. deleted
Lol cripple crab a crutch
I ❤ both of u also! What r y'all talking about 👂? Lol!
12am #Midnight Happy Tomorrow and goodnight!
Davis just struck out. Adrian Gonzalez in 3 pitches
Stay safe out there.
RT #prizesonthehoodpriceisright A crave case from White Castle with a 24-pack of Raspberry Lemonade Four Loko
Will see what we can do! MT : any way we can innovate a way to ensure my hands don't get stolen in future?
Lets send Darius out with the 8th Championship!
diving into Wed Anderson's films today. starting off with The Darjeeling Limited's short film 'Hotel Chevalier'
2 tix remain for 10/15's 8:30 show & 7:30's sold out! Thanks to our all-volunteer cast and crew for making the show such an early success!
Anyboy watched BET's #Top10Rappers of the 21's century last night? Congrats to my boy for hitting the number 1 spot.
yeah but I don't get to know what is doing every hour on Facebook.
TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes reopened I-94 WB at MM 254 at the Jefferson/Dane County Line.
I love my cat, but I feel he would be a fan of postmortem predation. Spidey wins!
take that douche bag!
Who's up?
is working on CFPs:
or I Told You So... idk, they're all SO GOOD!! haha I'm just sayin' (pun intended)
I'm free... Until tomorrow night. Aghh
#oomf why can't I stop thinking about you?
God bless you, gin-and-tonic!
It's time for some alone time
Make sure you guys come out to Unity Fest w/ Inhale Exhale, Though She Wrote, Wolves At The Gate, & more this Friday at Club Seven!
I LOVE Stevie Wonder!!! OMG!
I thot u had the better ground game I was wrong
Thanks for the follow (:
Miss you!!
Open Late Tonight! Cause it never too Late to Look GOOD! Come out #Oakland #Uptown 1738 Telegraph 5108321100 #Weave #HairCuts #MakeUp Too!
It was an honor. We're proud to be supporting you as the next governor of
I was there last weekend!
What are you guys' plans for this lovely Saturday?
Wonderful news! Congrats on such a big success.
OMG. How on earth did u do that?
#WTF Kid Next Door still exist o.o
I swear your half blond....
Secret Service went mad crazy 4 that latino columbian pussy
your bitch's back! 😠
We are working more in depth on our resume at mlk library
Yeah - no kidding on the Xmas shopping. I got mine done in a power-shop w/ my daughter. Quality daughter time = productivity :)
has our T22 BLINC INTERSTATES IN STOCK!!!
you ain't gotta dig too deep if you wanna find some dirt on me, but I'm learning who you been ain't who you gotta be.
Thanks for the RT!!
