Katy perry's on replay , she's on replay .
Ladies those good morning texts don't last forever y'all need to put in work too lol.
I LOVE WAH!
Don't tell me you miss me if you're not willing to do anything about it.
Squared RT : Raise you a billion. RT +1000 RT : LinkedIn invitation reminders need to end
#Ravennation that's how you win a game!!!
- what's wrong ?
RT : The library is cold but my feet are WARM in these Cat Shearlings... I gotta thank my internship for this one!
thanks man, definitely appreciated!
ha! What's up, pussycat? Everything okay? =\
Sorry to offend you, saw the article and just trying to help without costing you an arm and a leg. Locally owned, in 3rd Ward.
OH! loved the pics you posted. I was on vacation, so, I wasn't sad, :) but sounds like it was an excellent event.
Anticipation is building while we wait for the winner of Power Pitch. All 12 entrepreneurs truly brought it today. Great job!
We hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! It's Black Friday! Don't forget to download or full-length, "Momentum" for FREE. Spread the word.
Hi there, I produced 2 driving tours for GSM National Park while employed at Antenna Audio a few years back. Still using?
Go! You'll always have what ifs if not & will always have this beautiful city to come back to! Congrats!!
i need 1 more followers for 4250 : )
And the winner of the award for all-time worst iPhone app ever goes to yahoo fantasy football 2011. Pathetically horrible performance.
great show!!!
please do!! :D
hell yes! They lk GD! N I'm in tweet war w/, just clld #codyzeller overrated?! : you watching today?”
in the Library finishing up some papers for grad school
Look at Susan Boyle. You've still got a chance! You are just a spring chicken!
's dress is rainbow sherbet gorgeous!! Love it!
Don't let people think you are copying JB!! They are just Jelly that they are not as cool as you!! #effthose haters
Now THAT was a good service at !
“: I have to be up in 3 hours and I'm wide awake. What show did u say you were on again?"Good Luck Charlie
a year with ? priceless <3
oh true! that's awesome! are you driving out?
; you totally do. only time you stop is when you sleep. :P
Thanks, Jen!
First meeting to plan out next year's festival!! Some changes are coming your way!!
Music for my morning alarm: I will be rising to Crudbump's "Your Life is a Hellscape." Nastyjams is a dope album. nice work.
Your lack of Awareness is what got you where you are at, Now Wake Up!
Gr8~ RT : I'm in! RT #DesignBizChat is TOMORROW! 10 am ET -Collaboration-creating it, making it work, succeed
let me know how it is!
your outfit is killer hun! Love how a woman gets dolled up
My favorite show ever
We are #columbine. 12 years later it still seems like yesterday. Never forget.
I'm up way too early...
Everyone who isn't going home for Easter weekend should hit up the Munchie Express tonight!
i need 2 up grade my phone.. who still got a rumor touch.. nobody bt me... uggggggggggggg i hate my phone.. purple u gotta go
Some of these niggaz gettin the word swag mixed up with fag. IJS
Lovely to meet you this weekend!
Who can supply us with fresh baked croissants for a catering gig? Need 100 ea. pricing too. Thanks
you're welcomee.
Donation Based Polarity on November 17. Tweet for more information.
If you are allergic to REALITY Unfollow
So much shenanigans going on.
We haven't updated our list quite yet...I was just mentioning you folks that got a lot of recommendations. We'll update soon!
excepet im not a skank. i'm definitely a solid 7, at least. all you need to get on your ACT to get in is like a 21.
The site looks great. You are providing a great service to a lot of people
Thurs @ Nan: Special cafe for teen writers w/ award winning YA author Jillian Cantor-tips on writing & getting published. Oct 20 @ 6:30.
The path of spiritual evolution extends from this world into the Real World, from which everything came & to which it will all return ~Okawa
Follow the Phoenix and Surrounding area nightlife in one place!
soak them in your bathtub with COLD water. add baking soda if they're set in.
Born Digital Materials in 2010. There's am & pm class sessions each day; evening programs & time to chat w/ fellow students.
"Proficiency ratings are a floor and not a ceiling-- we need to be pushing our kids much farther."-Henderson
One of the only female characters in that show that does not stay in the kitchen, and actually kicks ass.
Needs to go to sleep! Spanish stuff stuck in my head!
Gonna be in great lakes on the 14th of September!!
Im didnt put it on there i need you to do a hook first
Wea My Ppl From Tally At Doe ?
if i were you, i would consider taking a look at 's icon, it's fantastic
Studying for AP 🔫
All tied up at 7
Swig's first aid kit for a week of humidity includes; peppercorn tuna, watermelon salad and red sangria! Bring on the heat!
The fears you don’t face become your limits. And the doubts you don’t deal with become your walls.
Favorite movie ever! "You mean you wish to surrender to me? Very well, I accept."
bring the heat on KMOX. We need a little controversy.
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
I never ever ever wanna go back to school. Being absent is an addiction.
RT if you are excited for the #SOBEWFF South Beach Food & Wine Festival this weekend. We know we are!
Good Friends are like Stars You don't always C them But you know they're always there!
“: Pride Pride Pride Pride Pride Pride Pride”
This is taking forever ....
Let's go with Mega Piranha, should be interestingly stupid.
FUCK! Let's go rangers
Bully, Graveyard opens at 5.
"If you don't learn something new everyday, you've wasted your life." -client on Magnolia today
Make them write a poem about their fears!!
doing good...keeping busy!
Dang, yeah I haven't heard from them in a min...so I'm on vacation after tomorrow til nxt Thursday so we gotta play 2k
"I love the heft of a double cut pork chop, it makes me feel American". Makes me want to BE American :)
Every Kindle is a children's Kindle if the kid can read!
Going to the tomorrow!!!! inspires such great ideas!!!
You're welcome. How do you feel about it pics being pinned on Interest w/link to ur site?
G'night fb...God Bless You All & To All A G'night...
aw thank you very much that means a lot lol <3 x 234908239042
Wow. That's dope dude. Hardwork pays off.
How do we get #occupy involved in economy? Need to get young people jobs. Hire interns. Train them. Make them more employable
Yeah I just live tweeted a trip to #kohls suck it
follow us? Please ?(:
Thanks, Jon!
Is this building louder when the #Pens get the puck than CEC ?
Eaton Beaver
It's good to have you ! :) ^dr
good luck! Celebratory shots for all when we graduate!
Or maybe I have a slight twinge of jealousy b/c I wish I could not overanalyze my own shit and just put shit out already.
Eh, a few of my coworkers look askance. (But that's HARDLY the only thing they look askance at, so whatever.)
Has it really been 8 years since I learned EAD? What knowledge could I have possibly retained, if any?
I bought 's CD Tuesday I'm lovin' his new stuff too. <3 Season 8 Idols was and always will be the best to me. <3
iknow maybe next weekend?!
Congrats on a great game!
Too bad I was unable to meet with Dewey Markham Jr for lunch next week. Both our schedules conflicted. Maybe next time.
I remember back in the day_______(fill in the rest)!
I hate you Ted!
: all in on defund Said it AGAIN! Give him a Dane County welcome @ 5:00 today.WalkerHQ,2980 Cahill Main,Fitchburg.
you rolled it?
Starting to not feel good :( #thiscan'tbegood
Thanks!! Likewise, hope ya'll are doing well!
“: Law and Order: SVU!❤👍” I second that meggoo
Then gonna finish and give me the stick
also The Tamale Place on the west side is ridiculous!
It's a great photo. We were down there for the free burgers coming on Saturday.
Hello 5 day weekend...I've missed you!
cept for Jesus.. he did alot but made no mistakes(:
RT : Dating & Love Advice
Your straight lieing to my face ..
please send our #salyardsbengals good luck wishes on their STAAR tests next week!
thanks friend!
If anyone has any thoughts about tonight's Veep, let me know. But I guess everyone was watching Mad Men.
1000 words written tonight for our book!! we are hoping to release by Oct 15th, hope all of you are well!!
he just said a MACDONALDS!!
If you can't make it out please just keep sharing it on facebook and twitter. Thanks!
oh orientation? Sounds fancy :)
Do you have shaving bump problems?
Well i couldn't help but try and stifle my #yawn. But there it went! James, you twitter 'performance artist', you!
#Bruins fans, follow for live updates from tonight's B's-Rangers game at the
I wish there was a place for people to post One Tree Hill words of wisdom and have pictures that will fuck up any chance of getting a job.
BUNJEE JUMPING HOLLER
Let's start today off with a freebie! The first person to call (866) 484-4797 and mention 2733 gets a week rental FREE! YES, COMPLETELY FREE
Texting #Oomf Crazy Butt
I'm always thinking "What's next"
China Mieville, the literary critic, is revealed. Makes me think about overlap b/n #mla12 and #yetanotherworld AKA The conf. & the conf.
To all my Florida friends... Reach out to me... I have so many questions
I'll text you it.
WHERE U @ BRUH?
Men are like mascara. They usually run at the first sign of emotion.
omg imma see which one he have and imma get back u 2mrw
Watching the telli
#omg I love
Taking a tweeting break. Brain tired. Turning into Without the drinking.
Heading to to check in... then enjoying a lovely evening out. Let's see Lebanese Taverna or Asia Bistro?
Every athlete needs a cheerleader rooting for him. Draft the perfect PR person who can execute plays off the field.
I still can't decide!!! Convince me to
"Strategic thinking solves problems"
When u get paid for doing what u love, it's not a job, but an adventure every moment!
Boston. Real good times.
I think I'm gonna take another hiatus. See you all.
We're offering $1 signups this month! SAVE $38! And get a FREE Accolade Fitness gym bag when you sign up for personal training!
Where's your favorite Mexican restaurant in Seattle?
hey look, it's patty. <3
too many Djs have played out that track. I refuse to play it but still consider it a good track.
So news is Florida state wants in #big12? Um yes thank you for leaving Missouri and making some room
Pretty Good. I mean the weather is great and people at school were asking about our album and tour today. It was fun.
I surprisingly got a bunch of free food today: protein bar, bagel & peanut butter, chocolate milk, peaches & cream yogurt
Im starting to hate living in a subtropical region
Have to pick that up! Had been hesitant of whether I'd like show before it premiered but became very fast fan.
Trying to decide what to read next. Feeling totally overwhelmed.
#nowwatching Killer of Sheep
TONIGHT! @ o'malleys west 2249 N.Lincoln ave. Malibu & Jim Beam girls will be pouring free shots!!. free beer bar from 10-11
It's so funny how you think I care.
Do you have 2 clown suits?!
It's a two Advil two glasses of water kinda night
i'm stressed the fuck out -____-
it's our pleasure!
Get UR Home ready with MAGIC FRESH carpet this holiday!!!
Thanks! It's great to be following you too! Nice website! Love the catchphrase!
SHUT UP
Kareem on halftime show. he's a legend, but super scary looking!
love the take me away post featuring all of that beautiful and romantic lace...especially that cake!
-- Thank you, sir.
"Just be happy, forget everything else." The wise words of Ricky Williams. Yeah, I know.
Be careful not to mess with the balance of things becuz everything is not wat it seems.
why am I in the office today?
I hate dry ass heat
In other words " You gave your Boss "The SHAFT!"
Served up the #food of champions today at the Pam Am Jiu Jitsu camp !!!
Thanks for the follow! How are you weird? I'm just crazy = 3 dogs, 5 cats and a bird...that's why I love to review animal books!
Purple Rain ? Hm, that's be cool :)
Who won the first battle? Missed it.
“: You'll never take your team higher than where you've been. #selfmastery”
Morning! Thanks Carlos. :)
ugh, I know :c I will seriously spam the shit out of Geo. lol jk, I would tho. haha,
Thank You!
Happy Hour Membership! Only $13 for a month's membership at the Fitness Salon at the Cultural Center. No Contracts!!! No Start Up Fees!!!...
remember the Eddie Murphy scandal we don't need that kind of press for you
I forgot about Michelle Bachmann and Herman Cain until that SNL skit.
Watching blues clues with adri this morning!
this place is completely different with less than 10 people in it! Cc
you need some probiotic for those hershey squirts?
Why is dis whole studio red and black
hell yes i do school in my pajamas in bed but its kinda distratcing wit my family and chores
I love Drakes voice!
what's upside down? I've read recipes breast up & breast down. You're fine!
huge thanks to you Matt!!!
Life's a bitch and so am I,So fuck the world and let's get high <3
Your more than welcome to come out to girlz time! Lol
Hm looks like in addition to #scandal #CommonLaw with will be a new fav of mine also.
We chatted, and instead of giving me a ticket, we discussed our downtown riding philosophies (ANTICIPATE) and even talked about tax returns.
It's double pleasure to deceive the deceiver..
Seeking a Records Manager in Sacramento, CA! The Manager will be responsible for the management of all project records and will advise on …
Great company and a great opportunity for you guys to make money. Reach out and follow him today!!!
going to watch the Potomac Nationals thrash the Lynchburg Hillcats with the office.
Thanks for your partnership! We're thrilled for the first GreenCorps graduates & can't wait to start this year's program!
Bonus baseball in San Fran! Let's go !
Don't forget the #APD crosswalk crackdown; saw motorcycle units covering 2 spots just on way to and from
how you just gonna drop kick me the hump me that's all wrong..*roundhouse to the bee balls*
I'm at work now, but I came here from a brunch where we were all laughing at a little boy having an awesome time playing with a tampon.
You know your in Texas when: asks "Do you smell BBQ...or pig?"
Your not having kids keeps you well for sure :) little boogers!
#california knows how to party!
Not only is our sin foolish in nature, but also irrational. We like to forget who we are so that we can indulge ourselves.
Happy Holiday's to All! from Filmmaker Darren A. Saunders
okay, we're flying over June 14th, we'll have to skype this all out or what not.
If DC puts in another Subway shop,it'll look eerily similar to the blueprint we've mapped out for Jarred's version of hell.
M, we love scrum.
Tonight we will be performing at Saints in the Plaza district for FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE. Show up around 10pm or 10:30pm.
hank and katherine are just A+
In my bed on a friday night all by myself wishing he was here with me. So sick of being lonely!
(I am kind of liking "Girls" but she is very Costanza-esque.)
Just saw a bumper sticker "do you keep hearing crazy voices? Turn off fox news!"
its nice that Smoak has 4 singles in the last 2 games, but he needs to step it up and hit for some power..
Soo I'm kinda glad we didn't decide to make that road trip...hahaha
As your unofficial 'desk opposite' I would be happy to ;) RT Can someone come organize my desk? (It doesn't hurt to ask, right?)
interested in receiving the new #COD #BlackOpps a week in advance??..follow me...and message me for more details
just like being talented and being famous are too different things... U aLREAdy baybay!
Excellent. Look forward to it!
thanks bro.i appreciate that
#VHP collection 7% of total archive is female vet experiences. Of that 65% are women WWII vets
but otherwise, the changes just hang out as isolated changes or "forks"?
Heading home!
That's from the storm 90 miles away. Sweet.
Mos Wanted Crew and RNG...amazing.
i swear to god these kids get a boner for asia....
Well MST3K is fun. Waiting not so much. I'm debating getting a drink where my friend works, but he'll be too busy to hang out.
#911. May all of us gain strength from the courage of those who sacrificed their lives on that day & those who fight for us today.
Kudos to the Americans for the Arts and Kevin Spacey for a great lecture tonight about public funding for the arts!
Wow - Pinterest drives more traffic than Google+, YouTube, AND LinkedIn?!
this time you can draw on my movie:)
almost advanced to 2nd level iron-on kungfu
Ugh. You mean gut-punched.
This tweet and two shoulder brushes are reserved for my big bro and his helacious G-Men.
i might have to get Tank's new CD <3
SUP Ya'll! We have 396 likes... leaving us 4 short from 400! Tell your friends about our bad ass music stylings and help us go up! thanks <3
What are the chances that a sample could be returned to home base for, um, scientific reasons. #coffee #science!
The Cadillacs - Gloria - 01:16 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
them twins are scary they jump people an they some ratchetts
The Red Sox are just teeing off the #Mariners right now.
Marmite on Toast
Don't worry, I'm going to spend some time of it knitting. :)
Hey I just met you, and this crazy. But Gotham needs a savior, so call me Batman.
I Am SO stealing this move in my future!
lol “: If you wanna see if a chick got another nigga... Try to take a picture of her when she cute and see what she do!”
Ahh sorry I missed you today. Will have to get you out there for another run soon!
Just bombed chemistry.
I hear in the new #twilight movie Kristin Stewart is unveiling a new facial expression!
This kid from college hits me up nearly everyday... He doesn't realize we were only friends because he gave me rides
somethings never change. funny thing is at the time hardly anyone knew what even fb was
I got a future!
Love everyone supporting the this year!
Potomac in sight!
Ahh Chicago...always bustling.
Who's ready for the 6:30pm Adult Fitness Class tonight? Coach Andrew has a good one planned for you guys!
What's that? Only 2 tickets available for Friday? Boomshakalaka!
And you can see from the mechanical reproduction of Benjamin's visage, that his aura is still very much intact.
Remember #WhenItWasCoolTo be a #JETS Fan? No, Me Neither! #LMAO! The #GIANTS Run This TOWN! #SuperBowlChamps!
I really want to know though
#GrowCo Looking forward to hearing you speak!
As you all know, The November winner will go on to compete against for New Country Star of the Year 2010! Very Exciting!
My money is on paid leftiest operative. ,)
Make sure to watch & other AMC members tonight 10:30 on MYATL TV for the encore presentation of the 1st episode
Am i suppose to argue back cause i like him? He need to kno that u not a boss stop acting like u run the world..
Just biked thru GG park to Green Apple books. Now, lazing on a sunny afternoon at Mojo bicycle cafe in the richmond.
BIG THINGS POPPIN AT COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT!!!! CRAZY CRUNKNESS
We've heard good news from the #UFL owner meetings. Stay tuned
no , its a packet with our supposed to be data graphs that we didn't use it says data analysis & it has questions in it .
yeah i know right
there's just something about me everyone likes
Man On Earth & Dive tonight at the Hard Rock Cafe Philadelphia! Free All Ages! 9:30pm! (via )
Do you spot clean your car between washes?
Hell yes, tell me when RT : Life goals: Dance in a flash mob in times square
Really Google? 'Congrats on my new little bundle of tax credit?' Ur def STALKIN MY LIFE if u can deduce were havin a baby during tax season!
Please follow me! I follow back always! #ICONIc XD
": If a man smells good.. I can be turned on in seconds.. Lol #truth" good to know
#Follow #FF #Redskins Follow for a shout out :) Also don't forget to like www.facebook.com/RedskinFans !
Thanks! The next one that I didn't happen to snap a photo of was a strawberry mango . . . even better! :D
When one door of closes, another opens but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us
I feel like crying .
Kobe Bryant is pretty good eh?
Reason #5 to join: As a DatingChicagoland member, you automatically have access to discounts with our partners around the Chicagoland area
What? Where are you looking to buy?!?! Regardless, good luck!
No, but I had to check myself.
taho sounds good. Sucks for me since they don't sell it here.
Case study of how the Clark museum is using iPads and custom applications to engage visitors, from Technology in the Arts...
why would you name your son 'moroccan', why?!! smh.
Colonials are about to take the field against the CT Panthers...
Its been a busy week. Sorry we haven't kept up with the current deals. We'll get right on that! Holiday Parties what can I say! :)
mine is 75%
I can't believe I won! Thanks for the great contest! I just missed you on Sunday at Stadium View. Hope to see you in Indy!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing quality homes throughout San Antonio.
we are kinda going thru the samething, its close enough but yeah i feel like shit as if i didnt even matter this whole time
On May 17th I become a braceface :D
Are you alright?“: I'm a freaking whore.”
#SportingKC wins 1-0 on an goal & a clean sheet.
wish i was cool enough to
hey you!
Likewise! Hoping to see more interesting hobbies and less imparting of wise words.
U 4got Beef Jerky RT Cheddar Chz combos,m&m's,milky way and Gartorade lunch today. On my recruiting grind today!
I'm pretty sure I'll be seeing you a lot, now that you're in STSL haha.
“ all i need is a back rub”
No matter how great your triumphs or how tragic your defeats -- approximately one billion Chinese couldn't care less.
I still get disappointed every time I walk through Chinatown because it's missing so many of the things that make a Chinatown great.
Awesome, VPN has decided not to work
I've probably consumed at least 30 pounds of nachos within the past 4 days. But who am I to complain about such a wonderful thing?
The only reason why people feel like they must control you is because they do bad themselves.
launches today with free music-related app downloads for Apple devices and Google Chrome. Please send feedback!
Is it a classroom? Are people working in here? No, it's the Amanda Ross-Ho's Untitled Nothing Factory. Check it out!
I hate english
Let's conspire to ignite. All the souls that would die just to feel alive.
The ghost of Perec will haunt him for the rest of his P-filled days.
I know didn't notice me Coz he didn't see my tweets yet :) #BELIEVE .
Soy excited for the wonderful opportunities the Lord is sending my way!!
we out here talking that
I know! We figured it was a sign, so we named him Lance :)
I'm reminded of grandma every time I meet a smoker.
alright i will.
Kill or be killed
Braun announcement soon?
same here!
Reminder: All girl Guns N Roses cover band @ Walter's this Sunday. Portion of the proceeds will benefit Girls Rock Camp Houston. GO!!!!!!!
EEEPPPPPPP literally bouncing up and down on my computer chair bcuz mindless behavior is about to log on 2 Ustream EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEPPPPP
Flying to Nashville for a connection flight landed us in Louisville KY. That was intense.
I'm probably going to transfer to another one. But it's hard because my co workers are so cool.
He was taken off the DL? RT : Joe Mauer did something tonight he hasn't done since 2010
nope id hav one I ran out yesterday lol
has arrived and is set up in Chicago for the Museum Store Association Expo.
- Already did the Salt Lick experience for lunch - great Austin weather and enjoyable scenery out there - new buildings, etc.
oh man, sorry to hear about that. Are they going to replace it for you? If not, there should be a consumer protection >
apparentley and unfortunately , my braces are NOT off, i missed my last appointment -..- ugh maybe getting them off on jan 9.
Just nosy! :)
who's your favorite band/artist? :)
worst way to end a spring break
I was thinking Arie and Head injury guy...Charlie maybe.
wanna bet i cant hurt u, ur sadly mistaken bot or pedo wateveru r
what the fuck is moobies? is that some type of down syndrome term?
WHAT A GREAT DAY! Signed a contrct with 5 more Clear Channel stations, 4 Cold deals, 9 radio imaging jobs..Gates are open!
It's too bad you can't drive it there. But, I know...sand people.
I've still got cobbling to do, but It.Just.Might.Work!
“It is not only necessary to love, it is necessary to say so.” - Proverb
Happy Mothers Day to the Best Mom I could ever ask for <3
thanks for the RT. Sorry it wouldn't let you comment. Hope that glitch is resolved.
Holy cow, what an exceptional day for me! Not only did I join an awesome artist community, but we just accepted an offer on our house! Woo!
Shutup right quick.
I think I will check that homeaway.com link out to relive my childhood Griswold style.
oh woops :D aha(:
Meetings tonight, tomrrw, and next Wed! Hope to see u there! Check ur email for more deets. Also, check our blog:auambassadors.wordpress.com
Saw this on backend: "While the world try to fight me, pharisees try to stone me. I'm Tebow in the 4th qtr, they can't hold me!"
Wife let me sleep til 9, lunch at Yeah Burger, spent rest of the day fixing my grill and listening to the Braves
Just saw the most interesting people on the Walk of Frame lol The weirdos come out at night
#Iknewitwasoverwhen the whip lashes felt half-hearted and the handcuffs were too loose.
Good point!! ": to many errors to be in MLB if you ask me!"
Some very intelligent people say Bush made their country the economic superpower it is today. Unfortunately, those people are all Chinese.
Gavin DeGraw and Karina Smirnoff sent packing on &#39;Dancing with the Stars&#39;
How was Oklahoma!? I really want to see it
I love how bands follow me, I like listening to new music and hearing new voices.
Here we go, learning about each other and launching our personal brands
I think that timeline is going to be the downfall of facebook....i thought id get used to it....but it literally gives me anxiety
oh it's done! Pain is starting as the numbness fades
is looking for new music. Any suggestions?
girl you know it so well! Lmao
you dont hate me. Dont lie.
The nature of a current state is not the same as ancient ones.
BEP halftime show is so much worse than I thought it would be #brandbowl yow!
see you Tuesday.
I'm really up acting like nothin happened last night....lol
Is there a way to publicly celebrate as the best food on wheels? Heck fire, best food out there? (Was a delight to see you at SoWa!)
up early means early morning tv. karl rove has gotten fatter and somehow even less attractive. yes i'm a democrat.
Spreading some #FF love: So, , , ,
That was fun!
can 19 more people please follow you won't regret it!
If it doesn't get us in any legal trouble, let's make a bet. New name wins, I do a jig; old one stays, you jig!
If you need a good laugh go to www.damnyouautocorrect.com. Tears are streaming down my face right now. Hilarious!!!
That will preach!
what's mashable..?
: WOW!!! Likewise, Well said.
I could waste my time for hours on that page. Which I guess is the point. But maybe they made it *too* well.
Hope you all had a wonderful "Leap day"!
Times like these where you feel like shit! all you think of is the kid from Angels in the outfield....HEY IT COULD HAPPEN lol
never dropped my iPhone in the toilet before.. You should of had an ikeep. You will never drop or lose your phone again.
your welcome....please feel free to retweet it.
Let's go Heat!!!!! I need that big win feeling tonight!
Relation of a bio 2 actual life is 1 question. But 1 can also ask why bios of multiple ppl in 1 vol are so similar 2 each other
thats the man. I just checked out your Xmas song on iTunes. Very very nice!!!
You text me ten times a day, i never respond... Get the hint boy?
Already at Publix!
haha. that literally sounds like my worst nightmare.
Nice. “: Not even 2:30, and it's already Skanko de Mayo with some of these girls on the streets.”
I know bruh, these niggas don't wanna be great
Tomorrow Is Gonna Be Austin's First Ustream WithOut Braces (': -Ally
It's unfollow time... Caution ladies!!! If your weave can tie your sneaker, prepare to be unfollowed.
hahahahahahaha! Oh man. That is rich.
What strikes me is how when I look back I wasn't fat, I was actually sick
Death cometh in the form of the ap environmental exam -___-
I feel turned off by that dude. Heineken can't top Dos XX Most Interesting Man in the World campaign
I kind of like being the last person in the office...
Thanks for the RT looking forward to seeing more tweets from you
Today's affirmation: I always do my best.
I mean, I provided it for law school but I have no idea where my undergrad transcript is. Missed it by a minute.
“ “ I'm just tryna be surrounded by some REAL shit.””
If perhaps i had consumed more salad in my salad days, I would perhaps be slightly farther away from death.
Working on parts with our newest bass player tonight!
RT When I am stressed or overwhelmed, I just: shop, exercise, or lay in a field of green grass leaving my thoughts behind.
we writers certainly have a way with words sometimes. Ha!
no problem! <333
early morning with the junior league, in rosslyn for our mid-year session.
thanks for the invite
what i do charles???
Project EASE sounds fantastic!
I just made and ate a corned beef, sauerkraut, and swiss sandwich on rye with horseradish mustard. I am my father's daughter...
thats funny, i haven't seen a dime of all those tax cuts obama just listed
I was soo close.
New show - "Russian Dolls", aka Jersey Shore Russian style. According to my friend: "Lips - huge. Bling - blinding." I weep for my culture.
I made the reeses brownie cupcakes, as I ate one, I think I slipped into a diabetic coma. Awesome recipe!
I dislike being ignored.
Order sent to Stephanie in OH!
RT : The worst loneliness is to not be comfortable with yourself: Mark Twain.
Winning ticket sold in Baltimore County...helluva lot closer than I imagined. But not quite close enough.
Don't forget: You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
Not embarrassed to have sang Band Perry 'If I Die Young' with Ha. We did horrible.
if you're not following your gonna be sadly less informed on facebook marketing!
Wow, such a great time at Artwalk! Connecting with so many wonderful people + making a huge sale, reuniting with friends, I love my life!
Went to midnight Skyrim release. Trenchcoat and beard saturation at Gamestop has reached 100%.
sounds like a cool bar.
HOLY SMOKES. I haven't been on here in forever. It's been a day but feels like forever.
Advice on how to get my mom to stop saying "I never said that" to anything a mother character says in one of my stories?
Being creative and making music always makes me happy.... : )
#Twitter and #Facebook and now UNlinked.
Yeah I might be young but I ain't on no new shit
and i love you! No one understands us hah
#Mycoustom for halloween is rayray from i already have my wig and goggles... Now all ineed is his mb dog chain....
what up man!!!
It seems possible that the Dow will finish slightly positive. The NASDAQ seems destined to be down 1% or more. We've about 30 minutes left.
Oh, political rumors have always been plentful in times of turmoil since the CR. Both Tiananmen I & II were like that.
Perhaps I got lost in dialogue.I ask you a certain question and, and you said it depends on the lifestyle being spoke about.
you missed my tweet. :/ aha
No heavy carbs for me today...veggies/fruit only!!!!
I'll be on #letitrip tonight at 10:30pm with #Detroit City Council President & Councilwoman
can you please come see me at work later tonight? Maybe even bring friends & play? and also, check your e-mail<3
'ah Friday, my second favorite F word!' :D via
just wanted to f*cking scream out loud to the world to see where u are piece of gold (nekclase) !!!
I'm having a drink all by myself
still watching
You've worked to control your #HIV. Now time to work on your HIV-related excess
Skipped 2 levels right to
Here's wishing everyone a great day today!
This weather is truly ignorant.
@ meggjensen This looks really fun!!
Bless up Fam!!! We still here.....just been MIA....U can Lookout for some new stuff from real soon!!
Wow! is a perfect choice to draw you, !
im quiet at school.
I'm a resident for 19 years!
Yeah...Im up
yeah, that is a tasty choice as well!
Head down, silent sobs for humanity. RT : this chick is literally NOT singing at all...
that would be off to bed very early. Told you I was exhausted.
RT : kids under 15 don't want major league, they want loud, colorful and entertaining. puts on a great show.
Yes! Just like that!!
The Lima family is a cool thing to be around.
I can tell by the constant flow of crazy text messages that my favorite time of year is finally here. Go Tigers!
What a beautiful Grand Slam that was!!!!!!
YOU HEARD IT HERE FIRST. RT : Biedrins > Perkins
That sounds amazing! RT Just made spaghetti and lentil quinoa "meat"balls w/vodka sauce.
after listening to #thedruginmeisyou I will never think about songwriting the same way again. You are a mad genius man!
RT : A protester was shot dead and several people injured in Tunisia after security forces
It's NOT hard at all!!! :-) You deserve it...
It totally is! Great to see this kind of work in our area!
I still got it. Ran sprints on the track today, even at 43 I still have some speed. Sure I'll be sore tomorrow but it was worth it.
Flashback malware could have netted creators $10K daily, says Symantec
You can’t be the ****** 4 Life crew, with a White Jew (Josue Garcia) telling you what to do......
The elf thing is for a friend's themed birthday party, by the way. I don't spontaneously dress as an elf for no reason. Usually.
It's a great night for pasta...all-you-can-eat pasta $6.99 tonight :)
You should make like a collage for an anniversary&give it to her (: ": I have over 200 pictures of just my girlfriend..."
This Foie gras thing is really getting out of control, much bigger more important problems face us right now. its a waste of time.
thanks. We appreciate it. Have a good week.
RT : follow/register with www.phreeps.com to get totally free drinks, food, entertainment, shopping and more
please excuse my sun bachata line
Vegas bound 3 days- good weather, good book and great meeting agenda!
“: ": right after you shave, and you get the goose bumps >>>>" once again <<< this is basic math skills sidney!” LOL!
They wont last long, get yours in advance so you get left out > RT : be sure to get your tix while they last
I did they are beautiful!
Matisyahi new song is pretty good. I enjoy his vocals
Thunder and lightning >__<
Chinese food, movie and cute Nick #ilike ;)
ya okay, Mrs. Rogers.
damn bro i for got all about this but u shuld send me sum to hop on
Anyone have thoughts on electric cars?
HAPPY NEW YEARS EPIC TWEEPS!! Make this year the best yet!!
Thunder need someone other than Westbrook or Durant to hit a basket
humans are a social animal. rationality and language only arise through our intimation with others.
good look on the s/o
congrats my dude
It's not knowing what to do, it's doing what you know. ~Tony Robbins
*Abandoned hope* looks wrong
haha that sounds fun!!!
;) They are so awesome guys! Ready to see a preview of another one we worked on!? RT : whoaa concert weirdos new t-shirts!!! :D
Okay. Wrap it up man.
take a chill pill
“: I want a garden” watch your phone get taken away
stupid :P
I'm so sorry. #foodallergies are no fun. Hope everything is ok!
always happy to share insight. Looking for talent ready to take their acting career seriously. It's never a PT commitment! :)
I know and makes me sad :(
Tonight, we lie awake, remember how the coffee made us shake on those long drives? One more long night.
Happy Leap Year/Day to you Andrea!
Today was crappy and that's the gist of it
is this new Subway commericial for real..?
Crossing my fingers for the ladies of the Help! Good luck!!
...it took me 3 days to figure out what "whats sup" meant. I'm a bit slow in some areas and too fast in others.
hi guys :)
thanks I followed back
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves People who say a lot of bullshit about me.
I made you think, you don't understand All the times you didn't understand, Why you couldn't just be my man.
In need of motivation to start blogtweetemailfacebooking again.
and you girls are beautiful, perfect+inspiring. Love you girlys ☺♥
Your blog is down homie.
sneak in!! Jump the fence!
yeah I hate toyotas -_- haha and damn that's a classic beauty I can see u in that rollen down the road w/ hydrolics haha
I take time today to quiet my mind. As I create a ritual for myself of 5 to 20 minutes a day of quieting my thoughts, I watch my life change
I could never get tired of watching Martin and Jamie Foxx show. They are hilarious.
Chevy all the way
“: how about we getaway? ;)” count me in!
Every1 is jealous bcuz we r funny people :)
if tebow can do it week after week, you can do it once
aww, poor thing! hope he feels better soon!!
promotion on my page. FREE!
After absorbing pressure for the first ten minutes, the HP girls put three away in a matter of minutes.
and no wonder..lol
we speak guaponese
Charl Schwartzel sounds enough like Charlie Schwartz that I have no choice but to root for him.
Never say never, but I don't see it.
Sorry all 5k shirts were gone in min just before game this past Oct. Hoping to do giveaway again for #RITBrickCity 2011!
Thank YOU for the follow. See you next week!
sometimes it's my fault, but other times it isn't.. god BLESSED me with my difficult ass lyfe. ha
Thank you, David!
everything good! After yesterday I am ready to go to Australia
"Scrape. Feel. Dig. Believe. Ask." And from Microserfs "Tell me you feel this fire" I'm so glad I found your books.
Frm Mayor Bill Johnson weighs in on Trayvon Martin killing. Says US can look 2 Roch 4 lessons on police community relations. Talking to...
But wanted to hangout with my boyfriend and Robyn and go swimming!:/ Ugh im going to miss it again!!;/ and shes going!:/
If u have amazing content, tools, resources, how do you most effectively use them in online lessons? Looking for resources.
they are horrible. It worries me that my coworker said I'd like it. She clearly does not think highly of me.
"The Subconscious mind has no sense of humor & people offen joke themselves into unhappy experiences".
you can't pay a maid like a teacher...
that's Right!
the pleasure was mine Billy! Glad I can help.
The two thugs that join High-hats with the Mercedes are the grown up Props and Mayhem.
She's crying because she knows she should have stepped in and didn't! Coward!
If smaller series come out, or really obscure pieces, maybe we will get back in to it. But for the time being, consider us "customizers".
Dude, he was so fine back then. Dave Kendall of course. Matt Pinfield was never hot.
lol.. so did u ever see the wonderbroz???
This same time next year my life will be completely different, i guarantee that.
ugh. sacramento.
World famous illusionist Doug Henning finally made it on to Canad's Walk of Fame a decade after his death. Can you buy his bio here yet?
Are you at #pdxzines? I am!
Do u know English?? :)
okay now..who can update me on Traevon? I heard he losing his case...I am hurt about it. Heard fat ass Rush Limbaugh on the radio
“: love "A Modest Proposal" <3” #thankyou!!!
good song!
Yellow Cake Wit Chocolate Icing
Gotta love norbit.
RT : Congratulations to all the red & silver graduates
have fun girlie. I miss Chi-town like it's my second home since I'm here in the 216 full time.
#kubakuba #obamaRVA RT : OK Richmond ... If President #Obama can stop at one #rva restaurant on Saturday, what should it be?
I dont wanna get off the phone .. !
ok no problem. Message me when you get back home :)
I agree with Kenny Smith, John Wall should be in the dunk contest after that performance in the rising stars game
We brought back the Smoked Sausage Breakfast!!
RT : Good point! my struggle between using event to explore a character vs. using your character to explore history
Hi Elliot, thanks for the follow back. Cheers!
oh, well i just go it like 3 days ago and b4 that i was fine with all the dairy products
Clooney's the new Christie ": Palin says she's not running for president, now George Clooney. The actor says he'll never run for office"
There's a region they call it the Borders. ppl have been hopping it for hundreds of years. Like Scots Beaners.
Deep apologies for missing the #npechat. A late night hospital visit for a family emergency prevented the chat from taking place.
what up?
San Diego is the best city in the world!
: put your resume and portfolio online if you're looking for a job...and be prepared-he'll Google you too!
For those keeping track at home, the picture war results are currently - : 1, : 0
Watching a great high school basketball game when I team goes into 4-corners due to no #shotclock ThatIrritatesMe
": Packing bout ready to be in Allen." Come to mama ;) lol
I'm not gonna lie, the new Justin Bieber song, "Boyfriend" is a pretty sick jam.
Fat people that smell like pee, should be quarantined to their own bus.
lol come get it
Can President Obama's $ win him a reelection?
- irrespective of theories and explanations you can come up with, true believers, like it or not will say its the work of God
I hope Lebron was watching ;)
If you could have one superpower that has to involve a trampoline, what would it be?
Jason Voorhees- All Time Hide-and-Seek Champion of Camp Crystal Lake. I wish I had his ninja skills.
Broadripple is five minutes away from me, if i don't get to see you booty bump bitches i'll be upset.
It took me 2 hours, 3 stores to pick out a camera. I'm pleased over all.
RT - They are huge Cleveland Indians fans. They have this party once a year. They bought all the tickets. I was going but d...
I tip a little less than 10% recommends the same (WaPo food critic)
Thanks to and everyone else who made it out last night!
Just watched Robert de niero in casino #inspired don't get wacked
I can't. Especially the one that knows my name.
I've already told that I will dance in an all-white suit and sing a remixed Police song at your funeral.
It's April fools day!! APRIL FOOLS! No it's not!!... APRIL FOOLS AGAIN!! Yes it is!! ha. I got you.
I could hear the music in the ferry!
I find out if I got into UF tomorrow. Going there would be a dream come true, I have never wanted anything so badly in my entire life.
Bieber or die . <3
US TOO! RT : Must admit, slightly excited for sweaters and boots :)
Awesome! I am praying for you and would like to know how it goes.
hey!! How's it going!
Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot right? But unless they use a strap on then they not dykes.
Plectrum Artist Series feat The Bridgebuilders from Boston, MA will be on Unregular Radio tonight 6-8p www.unregularradio.com
Airports always make me a little sad. I hope this homesick feeling will go away soon. And not get replaced by plane sickness..
lol!! I look forward to 8 hours of solving these problems on Sunday!
You're welcome (for the RT)
Hahahaha I Love You
it's so wierd seeing someone on my timeline with the same name of me o_o
Pls RT #Libya #Feb17 #MermainDawn Isn't it obvious that #Gadhafi is hiding around the hotel where the journos are being held hostage?
I don't like losing people.
Dreamed I was presenting at a conference, got there late, mic was too loud, and a row of vendors clamored for my attention the whole time.
Thanks! Feel free to share any dishes you make with our produce. We'd love to hear about them :)
Booking ticket using points for sister to visit California. Between date & budget restrictions, already been on the phone for 90 minutes.
Go fanny pack! I wish IB would come back to reclaim their title!
I'll DM Cody Simpson for you but you must following
Can somebody get that Indiana Idiot off TV. Is this guy going to screw up the Super Bowl like he did his state?
no he sayin cop it for the low at best buy then return it at walmart... where he paid the difference for max payne 3
RT : Employer brand is owned by everyone, not just marketing.
Thank you for following us.
Not me , but Yale town, thank you thank you !
The camera person for the match needs to zoom the eff out! We're getting dizzy!
usually for halloween i go trick or treating but this year im gonna go to a costume party it's my first one
its true Shannon.. Its an iPhone app.. 8 channels, 7 are music.. You'll like it
Behind someone with a cart full of groceries in the self checkout! RT Checkout line nightmares...What's yours?
Tina Olsen fr combined curators, educators, docents to collaborate on open-ended interpretation. Rare in museums.
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable
Will you bleed for me, when suicide seems so yesterday?
you yelled my name the other day AGAIN
go to basketball pissed = im gunna be pissed all night
Thanks ISBA for bringing women judges and lawyers to wonderful Mt. Vernon program, Women in the Judiciary
Not necessarily :-/ But u can reflect & seek clarity & choose 2 move ahead & go after ur own authentic happiness--Push forward!!
great vision Great energy
Bout to get lost in some music
Check out Dragon Age: Origins for PC...looks pretty sweet. Im getting MW2 but for the 360 :-(
Passed my permit test!
we hope you're having the best day of your life....while checking out www.revosandiego.com
it would have been perfectly great if they hadn't superimposed that girl's face in the trees.
Thirty minutes of the last #80sThursday of the year left! Send us your song requests.
if you get a list of 911 feeds, can you share them? Thanks
Omg I have a hockey game on Thursday!!!! And I'm in net!!!! Yaaaaay!!!
husband is diabetic, been there. Hope yr OK.
I'm gonna innovate all over the place on April 19th/20th, don't you worry.
"THE LACES WERE IN" -Ray Finkle
Well look at Mr. Emoji here.
getting ready for bed. early morning Cardiologist appointment
Golden Globes Nominee Sofia Vergara Bares Butt See-Through Leggings (PHOTOS) Sofia Vergara bared her bum on Wednesday when she stepped ou
you already know... this album is incredible. I feel like you're speaking as Pete and not c-write. Next time ur here lemme know
Day 5 starting out strong with yummy egg breakfast. How you feeling on #whole30 today?
I find it ironic when people take pictures of themselves in mirrors trying to look cool and gangsta with grandmas pic of Jesus hanging ...
slappada bass so hard though! XD you don't understand! Hahaha
Hey, I just realized I was never given my certificate of guarantee that life will not be unfair or difficult. How do I get one?
how'd you manage to do that?!?;D haha. And wasn't that warped tour?(:
RT : Luck o' the Hoyas! Saturday's #StPatricksDay Parade in NYC will be led by alum & NBC exec. Francis X. Comerford (B’77):...
I'm sorry in advance for forgetting your birthday.
Good afternoon!
Lol I needed my trick daddy tweets together RT : where the hell did your tweet just go?! U tweetin' and deletin?!
You must be familiar with research of Caffaro, Vernon Wiehe
Speak with actions not words
omg only if....
Cooking is like love. It should be entered into with abandon or not at all. Harriet van Horn
"Outcasts" is true tale of Atlanta kids' soccer team of refugees, the "Fugees." Fun read.
if they don't, they certainly should. We'll be wishing and hoping.
over 20000 people seeking shelter some by boat. no deaths/missing reported yet. that is an area, media & crews that do it good.
Count your blessings, name them one by one, count your blessings, see what God hath done...and it will surprise you what the Lord hath done!
Don't bring me my phone, just call or to come get me
thanks for the RT...sorry that I had a typo in it.. #VoteAmmer should have been
ABOUT A WEEK - The movie is finished and we have submitted it to Festivals across the world. Now, PATIENCE!
Thank you!!!! Xoxoxoxo
I only try to be nice and call into the birn to request a song :P then I get BANNED FOR CALLING! #leBoooo!!! My friends are so nice, NOT!
got somemore studying to do
awesome! Hope he has an easy recovery!
My left leg can be a real douche bag.
oh, okay. cool. glad 2 hear. haven't been 2 KW yet. need 2 check it out.
YES, the return of Victoria!!! I knew it!
Glad to hear! I bet you're ready to get out there! We're better. Still trying to adjust to my hubby bein' gone.
glad you like the updates!
I didn't buy it. It's at Riverview Antique Market
I just want a nice guy to talk to, is that too much to ask for?
Brazil shot first. RT : ...Hope Solo pulls out her blaster, pulverizes Brazil, and revs up the Millennium Falcon...!
I'm Sara, the Asst. Mgr for this location, but I used to work in Austin. I can DM you my personal Twitter if you'd like.
hhahaha i know. and the first time i just opened the pic(i had no idea what it was) and then ii saw that. i was like woah!
People.. specifically people in positions of power.. have invested a tremendous amount of effort and time to get to where they are.
thank you for your thoughts on Bipolar Disorder. I'm just starting to realize, we can change the way the world sees us.
One of the hardest things about twitter is so many of you are in the UK. For those of us in the states, it makes the day seem SO long...
Safe travels , , , looking forward to a great D2 conference in the
You might be gettin a check...But u still Lame as FUCK ......
Family Science Nights are the best (thanks, parents/various Scouts) but I recommend kick the can ice cream, as it's much more exciting!
"If the dinosaurs had a space program, they'd still be here." - Ron Garan, Astronaut
welcome back! (:
Thank you! What about a resistance if ARTs are needed at some point?
“…civilization and religion you are...the same. A single point of distinction exists–that of racial color.” ‘Abdu’l-Bahá #239DaysLive [2/2]
So blessed!!
we need to go on a hunt for the mountain lion this weekend
why do we have to be such a self destructive species? primal scream therapy is what I need.
thats ok, we completely understand haha
Am I the only person that thinks the earth's oil might be there to lubricate the tectonic plates?
One stated they have never felt anxious on the job as they feel about this weekend
just read a column of yours about Sandusky in which you made "stiffly" "Dick" jokes. You think that is funny Pat? Grow up.
Sorry for the multiple postings. Facebook decided to not play nice!
this is my 20,001st tweet! my feelings of achievement on this are slightly askew, I must say…
this is really gonna piss off the & Guess they'll have to trash Rondo alone tomorrow
any tips for increasing arm strength besides long toss? Comin off broken arm and trying to get back to full strength
Sitting here debating on these 12'z
These guys have you covered for #WineRiot Munchies
Great introduction of Cornel West by Unfortunately he told me I'm not allowed to tweet pictures of him on stage.
My family is like a breath of fresh air. They are my true love.
Check out new single "Stay Fly" on www.reverbnation/youngsiic.com #music #rap #hip hop
Fuller: Years before Lally was indicted, he linked DiMasi's legislative acts to Cognos deals. "It’s right in front of you." he said.
Thank god bauserman is in to march the buckeyes backwards
Time to remind the hubby how lucky he is!
When all u had to do was click on the link 4 the extension of the tweet. #justsayin ps. thx for answering my original question
yeah... i got home from the midnight release and had to update as soon as i popped the disc in.
It's official: Chael / Anderson is NOT happening in Brazil.
ha! Glad U got your phone issues resolved!
As my dad would prob. say - "reading and comprehension is just not a skill people pay enough attention to."
love your site! could not find the criteria that u use to add an app to ur catalog. can u plz help? thnx!
what dya do x
well that proves me wrong haha but still so cute
Want to gain strength, courage, and confidence? Then go do the thing you think you cannot do.
Don't be ruined by someone's statement. As ignorant as it may be, you're just as ignorant for writing of their opinion.
One of the best golf shots i have ever seen! “: Double Eagle Louis!!!! #Masters”
I will agree with u there!
#railfans: Happy National #Train Day from the Elkhorn Inn in Landgraff #WV on the Pocahontas #RR! It's a #railfan day! :-)
oh shit I completely forgot about that! Well I'm free now so ima see wats up
Don't forget about Nathan Dye and Ad2's Happy Hour tonight at 5:45 at Mainstay Rockbar! RSVP now to !
The NUT's General Secretary Christine Blower told BBC Radio 5 live what she made of the new phonics-based readin..
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. ~ Albert Einstein
Thanks to Parma Mayor for endorsing me for Cuyahoga County Prosecutor.
I wish I was there with you! Smoke some for me!
good, glad we got the word out!
Great kickoff for in - finger lickin ribs, brisket sliders, & attentive service! They did it right!
This is fucking dumb as hell
go to my pictures :3 & find the one of harry.
no not really, Skype??
aite word man. we'll add you on the space too.
Now followin wit da fat ass in her avi
The Legendary Earl Scruggs with Family & Friends: Friday, March 11 · 8:00pm / Paramount Theater of Charlottesville. Bluegrass Roots.
it isn't that fantastic... so when can we get you and your kid to do one?
Did you know that your skin can sweat up to 3 gallons on a hot day?! Wow! Have a great weekend! -Prolase Team
6 1/2 hours to east coast episode #7 of ! Tweet-fest countdown!!!
Best social program is a job. #georgeallen jobs help end homelessness, too.
How am I supposed to move on when every time I see you, I fall that much harder?
Even though it's fucked up girl I'm still fucking wit ya damn
Monday morning session at PaLA, Penn State: Rethinking Public Libraries.
If you use the word "Dweeb", you're definitely a dweeb bro.
What should Elliot be for Halloween?!
Damn gays. Stealing our jobs. Hating our freedom.
USF having a great defensive game. But a terrible offensive one
Song - Trey Songz "Love Faces" I'm ready to go cop it & press the play button for the ladies. Ya Feel me?! www.LifesOnTheLine.com
great way to fill production. Not so great sometimes dealing with other people's art work!!
To late to stay up.... it is cold out side were is spring..
Mi only wan him fi him dang a lang Lmfaooooo at this song
:/ thts no bueno ... i hope its switches soon i can sleep wenever.. pero ur always up at night :/
play the Sidney Crosby song please!!!! Let's go
Nerd parties: When the Guy to Girl ratio is Guy to Guy
glad you like it, mug. What's your cats name? He's a Real Fat Cat!
These ads are great!
Please tout.
At the EdTech Karaoke Tweetup. Great turnout!
hahahaha chill btw i miss you
Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast - you also miss the sense of where you are going and why
#CountdownTo26 TREND Little Monsters!
lol Im late .. White lol names
Do you prefer to call or text?
I had Religion and Math finals. So easy... I'm so happy x
#Facebook site down? What?!?!
Worst part of it is - it happened during BP! Why weren't they keeping him in one of those hamster bubbles to keep him safe
7 bucks! we need to go shopping ;)
Ima Try To Sneak You One Lol I Wasnt Spossed To Eat That 1 Nd I Was Like. Oops O.o
Hi Saira, I'm doing well. I hope you're having a refreshing morning. Cheers!
I just really feel like salad dressing shouldn't have calories. Or cheese for that matter.
Going to the carnival :D
Just ate the best food of my life at Supper NYC
thank you katiie :)
Greta Van Susteren says there is no one the can fix the real estate market. That's not true, I am doing it now. Ask me Greta I will tell you
via : "For good-food revolution to have a chance, people have to make finding & preparing fresh food a priority.." wapo.st/eAdHaj
Happy PI DAY to all you mathematicians in the world!! 3.141592653589793... I'll stick to 3.14.
god gave me u for the ups and downs:) god gave me u for the days of doubt:) god gave me u for the rest of my life:)
Look at that
is tired
thinking about taking infinite jest to the beach to read but the sheer weight of it will drain my gas tank before I get there
yeah :) Its so much rewading doing things for God than for urself.
Leading Edge L.C. is looking 4 qualified tutors 2 work in Jurupa, R. Cucamonga, Chino, Ont., Beaumont, Menifee & in other surrounding areas.
I think a good #erl13 pres could explore effects of issues listed on Marshall's 'Issues' slide on licensing - take 3 or 4 out of 10
What do #Muslims do for leisure in your area?
“: I take that back. Drinking this weekend. ;)” be there or be square
well wish me luck! Lol
Looking at family guy on netflix #family guy.
... I thought Google might have that feature through its alerts. I think Yahoo does. Do you know?
I rub u too Rosser. Miss you, homie. Go hard, Ross. Go hard.
AUSTIN I HAVE A QUESTIONN
Watching "Our Family Wedding"
my email program sends it directly to the spam folder. I don't correct the computer.
Come visit us at the spring flea today!
and it's rotting her teeth, her nerves r messed up and her liver is swollen
Harry owns a cookware shop and cooking school that specializes in the finest new and vintage kitchenware
Tonight's Special: Loaded Tots and House Aged Sirloin w/ Fries
I'm saying, if Shaq was mostly healthy + played 300 more games, his per game averages would have been the same.
UT's DeMaio endorsement equals Dead Tree Journalism meets Dead Political ideas. UT to become laughingstock.
IT ALL MAKES SENSE AND HAS CONTEXT
After a week out of town w no technology, it's hard to get back to work.
I couldn't help but think about "I huff propane" all day today..
what you tryna go to school for?
Sounds made up.
Sports Briefs: NFL suspends four in Saints&#39; bounty case
I ate some of the Swedish Meatballs and they were yummy! I'll treat you and next time for lunch. :-)
Hi Shawn, hope you had a kickin birthday.
I don't, unfortunately, but the fellow who wrote that is doing more on tax credits. So, perhaps more to come?
Tonight - Hillel Shabbat is being led by the empowered women of Lambda Chai Mu. Thank you LCM. Shabbat Shalom to everyone.
Heat Miser is having his way in Denver
get off twitter and do work
Just because you are surgin' in the polls doesn't mean you can ignore your LT GOV duties ! Now bring your butt back to work!
so glad it is finally friday
The tech was here and fixed the issue that we had. Thanks for all of the help.
Happy Birthday to my talented fried, Leandro Cano Fan Page ,and to my fan all the way in Poland, Olga Pieróg!
thank you. I appreciate it.
someone kick him off the stage!!!
i really dont have anything to say to anyone on here lol
#allthewaytourmemories making it All The Way to my 20th concert!!! #crazy!
yes we are!! I bet you are too!
Goin' out for ice cream...yum
you know you're a dork when you cry after the american idol eliminations..
separately, but equal, I'm sure.
Our Facebook page is up and running! We'll have lots of exciting news and visuals posted there. www.facebook.com/ukeycheyma
Little iceberg I've brought
rlly excited 2 attend the #PureCatskills conference w/ my family & 2 hear talk abt their buying models!
Take a second today to follow - 's new youth page, for programs & events. FWD to orgs & ppl working with LGBT
haha...we opted for DEMO. ^jv
the point is...I have a lot to save my money for and I don't even have a babysitting job......
When there is drama between two people, the worst thing you can do is get in the middle of it.
Ok. Between the drunk blaring music and the 3 ankle biters upstairs, I'm going to snap. I won't be held responsible for my actions
My grandmas couch >>>>>
am i
this Paranormal State show pretty much sucks. Ghost Hunters, FTW!
Aerosmith's music sales increased 250% the weeks after he Steven Tyler debuted on American Idol. Amazing how many get sucked into "fame."
This has been a beautiful Saturday and tomorrow I look forward to an equally beautiful Sunday.
Or not, I'm pretty confused RT : I'm assuming that's a product of your best writer
just attacked me
Erica Hahn: "you can't KIND OF be a lesbian" -- yes, you can. It's called being pan/bi. Duh!
u have over-tweeted this evening,
New followers! Come say hey! actually, everyone come say hey! :)
i have been waiting since august of last year
Happy Birthday and happy Easter you one of Gods important creations you have inspired many including me :) follow back-?-
LOL.Give me a reason why you hate them and saying they can't sing or they're ugly isn't a reason.
Im gonna marry a mexican, No joke cx
home with headache
Check out this great Non-Profit Organization set out to change lives
Jo Dery presenting her work. Congrats Jo!
Good morning :)
Those days where everything annoys you.
Playing with ConstantContact for scheduled new hire emails.
Thanks for the support!
Marv Albert trying to add some drama: 2:32 left "in regulation." It's 115-82, and the Lakers aren't the comeback Clippers.
And the waiting list is practically full too! Email to get on it!
If i was your boyfriend
Wide awake at 4am. Going to be a long day.
It has been a pretty buzy friday soo far!!... but TGIF!!!=D
Mother my dear how I wish you were here, so I can give you flowers and take you out to dinner and say to you how much I love you.
Clearly that's what ya want and how ya feel so that's how it's gunna be
Be sure to send up photos. I hope you are not going to play for Spain??
We are seeing an increase in funding for MOCSM Programs as outlined in the strategy
Wednesday in Austin tx on 6th!!!
yes, what kind of novels do you like?
Massive bruise on the top of my foot makes wearing shoes the most murderously painful thing in existence
Excuse my French, emotion, and my passion. But I wear my heart on my sleeve like its the new fashion!!
Stop by Dairy Queen today & $1 from from every Blizzard goes to your local Children's Miracle Network Hospital! www.miracletreatday.com
Best coloring sesh(;
Toddler on campus falls on the way to northern lights and starts crying due to overwhelm. Students everywhere sympathize.
Ian talking about nothing but the phone hoe ! See there you go !
National treasure.
“Great things are done when men and mountains meet.” ~William Blake
u keep thinkin that boo boo
Clippers have Joe B calling an audible on his 10pm sportscast.
Cancer of the lungs ? Been smoking for half a century ; 3 months ago i cut a 3 pack a day habit to 10 cigarrettes a day...
when i feel weird i read through Harry's tweets to feel normal(: then i realize I'm stalking him &it's weird.. Haha
Burning, printing disks to hand out :]
or some of the startups you are involved in on the dev side?
that's what i call a no sleep hangover my friend.
I've actually played that game...lol. it's pretty violent.
Despite my inability to remember the details for the podcast description, I *do* remember having some great geek discussion in GWC #322. :)
conditioning tomorrow.
that's discusting
Readers also searching for other major kitchen appliances and design for new state of the art kosher kitchen. Suggestions?
Your really pretty!!!
I've never once been able to get online with a "free public wifi." am I missing something?
I saw Adam Horovitz on the train yesterday!!!!! O:< so mad that I didn't take pictures!!
Happy New Year!
Director of Football or Basketball?
JUST DO IT EDDIE! The rain doesn't matter! Lol
Wahhh I'm so Tired. -o-
Room to myself last night! I actually got to sleep! Yayyy
NIRAH HOE STOP LYING TO HIM!
Lol i'll think about it.
new music for your ears dumb nigga....... tsss... stupid.
Thanks for following and very interesting quest you are on with 'budding.' Good luck!
Loooool better better
I Understand Niggaz Need Guidance Nshit But I'm Not No Counselor
lets get to #1 baby #teenchoice vote vote vote RT??
You Have To Get The New Album Armed N Dangerous Today, Its Awesome!!!!
HI everyone!!
#fairuse is now free in films (in terms of insurance, not manpower).
Yaaaaay! I get to hang out wiff baby tonight ^.^
Grebe's deli for lunch today. I'll have my beef "corned"
I feel like placing my faith in this season is like handing over my 401k to Bernie Madoff... Nah, no good!
I gotta say it...#Patriots need to being back We have no deep threat to take top of opp. defense and Ocho/Price dont cut it.
aye boi wen hitting up jacksonville
too soon?
-- "they" are tweeting about the big $$$ #Walker is saving the state. does anyone Have the real numbers on this?
gr8 story bro. I did a 5 ball too. Still chasing my dream as well. Ur an inspiration fam. Gud luck.
Hahahaa. I don't think she got that it was aimed towards her. oh well.
Mumford & Sons- I Gave You All.
working on a final project... it will be a long night!
The worst thing about how infrequently f(x) releases material is that our little group of gay, alcoholic trolls drifts apart.
RT TQ Ments | Thank you! That's Right, I''ve found u - TQ! The gift of Thank U! W00t
Locked my keys in my car last week. Now I'm locked out of my apartment. FML
Comfort is a cup of a warm pumpkin spice latte on a crisp October morning
Just met with German American school. That is one impressive educational community resource!
I lowkey want to tell him something . But I can't , cause idk how .
you talking bout all the movies Kevin Bacon has ever been in? Lmao
Don't fuckin throw it away griz. The game isn't over. Don't let this be the last one
gives me conidence to wear braces, simply because he looks so flawless in them.
yeaah.. i'm really freaked out now. xD now, i'm scared to face them. 'cos i'm a terrible singer.
Fun fact: I was in play version of The Hobbit in high school...I played Gloin the Dwarf.
Scholars of the Trans-Atlantic slave trade, Muslims in Early America, and identity are speaking at our workshop at Georgetown!
Girls has definitely got something going for it. Veep, not so much.
It's only one year until everything goes away. I can't wait.
#Oomf Boyfriend Is Not Cool
Twitter is so messy today
I can't remember the last time I gave a fuck about an opinion, other than mine.
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs. - Jim Morrison
Really?!? But my nose is huge! Plus, you have the prettiest eyes! And I'm not that smart! I wish I was unawkward like you!
trip to New Zealand/Australia
Missing you more than words...
Making the coffee shop rounds. Peets is fo-sho the best out of the chains. Agree?
#Fridaythe13th Hm anyone feel like going into foreclosure? I thought so. Call us :)
: oh ok i miss undastood miss Lol
Part I: Standard Oil bought $1M of the homes for employees to work in oil wells in Illinois. All but 4 homes still there (via CNBC).
lazy Tuesday was made for this particular Tuesday right?
this. RT : The teenage girl in me can't stop thinking about my urge to see the Hunger Games.
Its all about love and living in this moment, not the past or the future, but here and now. I love ya darlin, hang in there! Your classm ...
I'll work hard to make it interesting and not stupid.
Saturday night I'm Playing at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando Florida 9:30-1:00. But first I play Disney's Animal Kingdom 5:00-8:00.
iTunes is featuring Beach House. They opened for us in 2005 when I was in Ponytail - begged Victoria for a CD but they hadn't recorded yet.
your life sounds so much fun.
Yes. The last place I expected to find a nightmare.
It's #LeylandBall. You win one, you lose one. It's how he has a career .500 record. Never get too high, never too low.
at mesa community college. Hard work setting up for special Olympics. first event starts in 2 hours
Im sleepy bout take a nap
I would love a pile of kitties as blankets. So warm and purry!
Lets talk. You came highly recommended. DM me back.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
Not a huge fan of the lime green on the court
Join us w/ on 4/18 for #Hubapalooza at 11am! Just meet up at Mission Bay Park Visitors' Ctr, right by the playground!
Going to the movies to study more about movies
Sometimes I think I was put in this world for no reason.
Finding a way to develop inclusive vs. exclusive aspects of technology to fight discrimination against young girls.
Busted in a 50k pot where we get it all in on flop. My 33 busted by AT on QT3. Running T A
So happy the OMG Girlz not on the
flyers are in. we'll be seeing you soon, streets of boston
- I've always wanted to check out the series, but at $1 apiece, that's a steal. And I had a $1 Amazon credit, so I only spent $2! :D
Executive decisions.........ketchup or mustard
Tonight is gonna be great I can feel it!
If you're a Libra you're obviously perfect 👌♎
Got a button that says Baton Rouge sucks? Or Piyush is a pussy?
Wakey, wakey eggs and bakey! Here we go with the crazy Miami weather! Gorgeous morning! Hope it stays this nice!
i miss you too girl!
S202 gave great talk. Big ? = how to move scholarship to web. Easy for people. Hard for the 99%
It is not abortion it is a precaution at the earliest stages. It is a woman taking the most basic precaution. Next up outlawing condoms?
Thicke and Levine are about to have a high pitch voice off
- be up and running very soon! so excited for SEASON 2, im such a GLEEK <3
outreach team: geeks brought in the only other dvd drive we had, and was able to play the movie to the end credits! praise God!
thanks for the follow!
About to see The Avengers for the second time.
Amen RT : Loyalty is a must
Is that Ted Turner's "celebrity look-alike" behind Craig Sager on TNT? #NBA #LAKERS #OCK LOL!
I love getting emails from my son Liam with links to his newest creations!
Too funny. That was NH's first idea. We poked holes in it quick. Google it and see how many there are. Cheers.
The Beautiful People - Marilyn Manson tomorrw night at the Fillmore in Silver Spring, Who is going?
u a good look
" If he was religion I'd be the faith. "
T Drew and Pau need to be more consistent. At times they are dominating so they need to do that in Game 2
RT if you're a bieber fan too :D xo
All right! Thought you'd never ask! Same place? I would love a good kraut dog today! Extra mustard for me!! See you there!
Look for Mattrezzz Guy on Fox 7 news tonight!!! I might have snaked my way into some camera time since we were gushing savings!
We are cleared to go. Gonna be a little busy for awhile.
Almost that time of year..Baseball season.
THE PORNO BASED ON THIS YEAR'S PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION WILL BE CALLED *SWING STATE OHIO*
wing ding tomorrow <3
