megan! if this about my house.. it's fine.. you probably don't want to stay with me because that thing i told you..
Wheres she bad I mean super bad follow her she will follow back.
Santa's comin tonight
We remember! We were there, and we are not going back ... to GW Bush3 aka Mitt Romney
No great thing is created suddenly. ~Epictetus
The Hi5 application doesn&#39;t work after I upgraded my Nokia E5-00 to ...
well we goin!
AND WHEN I DO. I'll rape Ian. lolwut.
I ABSOLUTELY HATE when people in a work setting refer to a project as "their baby" or "your baby".
good luck! IT'S FRIDAY THE 13th!
that's I ok. I live under the rock next door to the cave.
we will do our best, and you'll be the first to know
happy bday Von! Make it AMAZING like you =)
RIP Ivan Slain, owner of Ivanhoe's in Upland. You'll be truly missed and never forgotten.
Getting whisked away to the land of Tori right now. Tori Amos that is.
I hope not!
#Expoline crowds not that big, mainly because the train ends at 7. Can't wait to make a night ride tomorrow!
When you say something you dont mean when youre mad <<<
do you hear any privacy concerns from educators about using google apps?
thinking about doing a twitcam here in the studio with all these insanely awesome people! whatchaa think?
thanks (: I love how your name is spelled haha. I know people with your name, but it's spelled differently. (:
watching #thehills on netflix all day sounds like a pretty good plan.
Welcome! MT : Getting excited about #kipcamp Kiplinger Program Agenda looks awesome, hope to become a better tweeter
Its so much easier to be happy then to walk around all angry and mad at the world.
I Be Coolin With My Youngins
My bracket has more red than a Colorado hotel room with Kobe Bryant.
Finally got got home 2 nite very tired because of leaving without me yesterday maybe next Sunday?
Good morning! 9/11 never forget.
Yeah he likes me c:
#std could also be a good thing.. meaning suck the d (;
I miss my church family :'(
The domino effect....
a nice grandson would let him win
Arizona has thee best sunrises and sunsets by far:)
very excited to have you on board!
Damn KG
Very cool!!! Hoping to somehow get to the conference this year to represent the #ChristianComedyChicks ! :)
FAREEEEZING even in the SAHARA DESERT!!! Never just want the "TIP" eva! LOL! #KEEPEMCUMMINI'MALWAYSTREADY2CHILL
Yes, we'll have tickets at the door tonight for The Sea and Cake + Lia Ices - show starts at 8pm!
If no one hears from me or in atleast 10 min, call 911 to proctor. At some field. Thanks.
www.petersparty.com is LIVE! Check it out and tune into tonight at 5:45PT to hear talk tournament details!
Yeah...he shot free throws.
I think you should work out some sort of commission for votes... Lol.
heeheee. happy to help.
lol haha I put whatever I want
Irony: I fast forward through the ads while watching THE PITCH.
Become a fan www.facebook.com/Thegympro. 500 fans by Monday! Thanks for the help.
that so true!
If viewing photos of this on a regular basis is considered a "problem," you're doing pretty well!
I would get a mosquito bite on my nipple -____-
LOVED you on the wrap up show today!!!! Keep goofing on Scott: I can't get enough of it!
Happy Monday everybody! National Championship game is tonight! We open at 4, so come early to make sure you have a table for the game!
RT : this was our 1st First Friday & it rocked! Totally family friendly! Safe, ontime & courteous shuttles!
And here's the email from Lars' producer after the piece: "That was fun. Great radio.". Just so you know what it is all about.
hahaha that's totally fine!
Hi Robert, we do ask that customers carrying vouchers call ahead of time. Thanks for choosing to taxi with us!
Thanks Tony!
Knowledge is hip and cool, AND FREE:
In Jesus Christ's name, i pray 4 this daily bread, this daily drive, n this horible rain tht u may bless it 2 kill all the creepers, Amen.
If I notice your #webdesign related #tweets first, I will add you anyway. ;)
I'm not sure how a mint julep would taste after A margarita.
how about the NFL's 'biggest bust?'
WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON
Thank you for holding a hearing on #NoBudgetNoPay A man of courage! Hang in there!
Nicnos brought us such good luck last night they're coming back tonight! Wahoo!
Great day so far! awesome yoga...headed to costco shortly then a big dinner with a bunch of friends should be a great night! happiness is!!
Made even worse when he licks his finger to turn the page
#Powder day tomorrow but I have to be on call? I'm no doctor & my phone doesn't receive calls right now.
oh snaps, we should collab.
Gawd, I love me some Cher. And glitter eyeshadow. Especially Cher IN glitter eyeshadow. I'm like a gay man in a white girl's body.
best way to go about it!!
YOU annoy me so much -_-
rainy Monday......tough when rains leads one of my toughest work weeks of the year....
Your the only one I trust to do it too.
Are u keeping ur townhome or selling
Martin Fulop, please go away and don't play football anymore. Please.
In retrospect I think taking time on my precious day off to pipe cupcakes would have been better than getting up this early!
They were rolling over in their grave for the last 8 years, now they are smoking cigars and saying go Obama!
I LOVE YOU JUSTIN BIEBER!!!! <3
lol yeh but not all guys are like that but we do need patience shit at least i do
Dear Winterhawks. Your fans are going to #fillthecoliseum for you tomorrow!
Friday is Amurica Fest 2011 . We don't play very many hometown shows so I know you'll make it out and go crazy or this one.
yes. So very much of this. RT : I am so ill-prepared for the stress of upcoming season finales. I NEED A MOMENT.
good!! Neighborly love!!!
I found a ticket to the world
two and a half hours later i can tell you that #avengers is in fact off the chain.
I'm going to start using these for everything I tweet. YAY!!!
I hate that the nicest girl in the world was played by manly leather skinned Shelly!!
"at least 28 instruments: obligatory at least 1 piano (4 hands), 2 percussions (membrano- and metalophonees) and a couple of guitars."
Lowkey this summer gone CRACK!
hope you'll check us out!
wassup nd I see u.made a new account
Good luck!
I tried to pay attention but attention paid me
Screw your bagels. All I want is a damn breakfast burrito.
Buffalo wild wings then going tanning :)
Gaga Lights Up Our Lives -
Meant to my iPhone.
awww poor baby :(
I bless the rains down in Africa: AfrikaBurn Music and Arts Festival
We are so glad you enjoyed it!
where tf is becca? I'm tryna get it to the liquor store
There's just a lot of distraction, a lot of competition for the parent's voice to resonate in the children's ears
The site is down today because it's getting a makeover. *finger guns*
Nothing like a thrice divorced, disgraced lobbyist sponsored by a casino mogul articulating the most deepest held values of all Americans.
I believe so. I don't think I work.
I just hope he's neither a drill sargeant nor a cheerleader. I don't want to get too frustrated or annoyed.
It looks like the Beer Fairy kept one for herself.
you dont live in San antonio?
And... mechanical problems delay my exodus by 24 hours. What to do with my new found day? At least I'm all packed.
why am I so funny ?
Glad you're enjoying Black City Lights, Quinn! Good luck with the screenplay, too... sounds insane / awesome :).
Transylvania Basketball tips off Monday night at 7 pm vs. Thomas More in the Clive M. Beck Center. There are tickets still available.
Chelsea Handler is my favorite celebrity.
SLOW DOWN & UNWIND with your family today, it could be the best thing you've done all weekend!
hey love you :) I need not follow because it is impossible I understand are many..no matter i love you.
those are the wisest words I've ever heard. You sir would make a lucky woman very happy
Glad to hear it
God is not intimidated by impossibility! In fact God laughs at it because He knows there is nothing He cannot do! (Psalm 2)
": Don't compromise yourself. You're all you've got. -Janis Joplin"
still here?
Great work on the tracks that you posted!
What a (NOT) great way to spend a Sunday! Uninsured in an ER with innards in full rebellion. Whatever this is came on during show Friday.
Since it is not true that we live forever, then the statement: "To live is to learn" is not true.
Looks like #floral designing today! :)
US history help please?
indeed, 5:30 would be great. I'll be studying at schwarzman all day, then load me up with caaaarrrrbbbbss!
s/o to my new sexy follower ;)
Sad day for the packers.
Create a culture that Shares best practices and puts clients first. Kristin Coda
okay i'll help u also! hehehhe
done moving! what a feat, and an ugly but successful call with ex-landlord. cutting the cord. now on to actually putting everything away...
I really have to learn how not to bite the inside of my cheek on a daily basis
Thank god I didn't have to present in English, because my freaking group didn't even finish our project!!
Only way will get a ring is if he 1.) goes to college, graduates and gets a class ring 2.) gets married. ✌ #Knicks all day!
extra manish out here today!
Just met some guy named James drunk as a skunk on 3rd St. He told me he just got thrown out of Rain.
Enjoying the Cancer for College event!
you too! X
Spay/neuter complete...they both did great!
i just cannot wait till sumer this year cause i get to swim in my giant pool ha and its to cold here now but i need sleep bye everyone :)
Doing nothing but shooting free throws tomorrow
Olivier Poupeney will be on the main stage at #structurecoface :40 today to announce #dreamface Cloud AD partnership w/ OpSorce
DM it to me, yesterday I put the # in wrong
: yeah, big difference btwn "journal" & "blog"…we all laughed at "blog" term when it emerged. now it's THE txt form.
I wish Cricket would just get iPhones and my world will work better.
what's the occasion? RT: day drinking
Same to you! Let us know if you need any emergency services or a free mold inspection! ;)
right?! He takes Muhney for granted lol~ :p
I feel sorry for your Mother...
Took Samadhi to see , talk about intense... Thanks for your help kim tomasello! Stay tuned for the review.
I think you underestimate my abilities of misplacing my car... LOL
Rick Reilly is such a douche bag! I can't stand it
A night I will always remember with RT Thanks to my dad for taking me to the Grammys a few years ago!!!
Our whore show is tomorrow. Get a babysitter&come 2 our whore show. centerstagechicago says our whore show is a must see.tinyurl.com/3xs4trx
saw you at bookmarks tonight!!! Happy 34th birthday!!!
Worry often gives a small thing a large shadow.
ood Morning everyone :) ( ) ♥
Man. They guy afew dope cats but mostly corny dudes.
Instead of "bouncing back" in practice, perhaps "stopping ball" or "screening out" might be good?
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has. Margaret Mead
is eating the biggest steak I've ever seen. 28 oz. but yes, he has a PBR to wash it down. :)
At Philly PD's 25th district. Wearing a ballistic vest. Psyced to go on this ride along.
Goodnight. <21 Could I possibly get a goodnight back? :)
#Heat forward Bosh could miss Game 3 versus #Knicks:
just signed on to #WellCityMilwaukee - commiting to make #wellness the way of #work in
Its nice leaving work on Friday knowing that I have a #great boss and team to come back to on Monday :) Happy Friday Everyone!
Thank you guys! Great time and great event! Hope to do it again soon!
Bangalore eyes financial businesses - Hindu Business Line
Shame on you! RT : I hate pumpkin everything. cc
He has quite the gimmick going.
print books were all shareable across consortia. ebooks are, in most cases, not shareable
fine. Ill see you next friday though :D
“ I Needa Be At The Gym Hooping!”
Leadership gravitates to the man who can talk. – Lowell Thomas
Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy. -Matthew 5:7
NFL Films just released a revised list of their Top 10 Heisman Winners in the NFL and debuted RG3 at #3. Sorry O.J.
?what is that?
I'm excited for the academic convo. Tomorrow :))
Night of 1000 Stevies was so incredible. Wonderful to see everyone again! Ali & I were thrilled to grace the stage! <3
yes i did. Thanks for asking. :) i hope today is a good day as well. Same to you!
Guys that wear boots<<< ion see a rodeo bro !
how the hell am i going to memorize 40 supreme court cases in one night
More items about to go up on Etsy. The pink peony has already been bought, so act quickly if you see something you like!
Anecdotal stories from DCWEEK panelist: Logging in thru Facebook releases personal info. All about privacy.
Believing is all a child does for a living. - Kurtis Lamkin. How much would "being more like a child" help you reach your goals?
Better Behavior; social, sensory, speech STOP TANTRUMS FOREVER live talk tonight 6pm Coachella Valley Autism Society 760-772-1000 for info
omg I cry so much when I licen to this song couz I love you so much and u and patty mean the word to me I love you :)
steriods do kill. ask my dead friends....wait, you can't! But I am here to tell you, too, steriods do kill.
Bitches talk shit when they a mile away but won't say shit when they face to face! #fuck'em
You got what u wanted and now u regret it
deep thoughts for serious people.
of course :) enjoy the road trip. Where are you headed?
Who was your fav?
Following a leadoff double by Jonah Liebman, Tyler Marshall drives him in with a single to center. Trinity takes early 1-0 lead over St. X.
Thx for listening to customers & partners. The license update anncd today makes it easier to kindle the vSphere 5 excitement.
Groupies I like u let's have mind sex it works
Don't be a "GOMO".... Gomo= A person who goes through the motions. Work your process & celebrate the grind.
Just read your blog post, buttery soft it is! Look forward to working with you again soon.
Many thanks to Towson folks tonight. You know who you are. Great community.
Thanks, Allan. Hope you are well.
not even I got stuck with that! at least I'm being helpful... and counting a lot.
one of these days (or I would guess nights in my case) I will figure out what four square is for
The Bay Area is well known for hipsters and hippies but gypsies?
Triche is slowly taking over this game.
Down #pittsburgh what else is new lol I I'm here 4-5 nights a week
That's how everyone should feel.
Pay with your name? It's happening w/ Dream vendors- - sign up! cc:
So ready for this starbucks half off frappuccino happy hour thing starting tm! I picked a knew frappuccino for everyday AH
The 2011 NFL Combine has come to a close. Congrats to the Dow Lohnes rookies. Great job!
hahahaha not all asians have silky hair :p
GOOD PLAN! 2 MINS THEN ILL SEND A LIST! AND CALL THEM SHOE 1,2 ETC YOU TELL ME WHICH ONES YOU LIKE BEST!xx
STAT!! Best of luck at The U
yea so do you like talking to him:D
x10^23. RT : And I got to tell you if folks think this was vitriolic we've really, really lost sight of history.
ooh. i was hoping you'd move to texas! lol (:
wish me luck on my drama exam today? I'm gonna need it:') xx
Well since the Ravens aren't playing at home (ha), we can open up the lots at the football stadium.
Thanks for following
I am in LOVE with the IAMBIC PENTAMETER !
I am currently re-broadcasting my Panda project in a low-density, tweet-per-day form via another account, ヾ(・㉨・)/
I've got nothing but love for the small presses.
I hope my plan succeeds
It's summer and you are not a hamster. Get off the treadmill and go outside and sprint. Your body will thank you.
Only one day until #HungerGames movie and Twitter is buzzing. Are you going to see it?
yea she's like a soul singer...but look it on rap genius...it explains everything
You know that line in Alanis Morrissette's "Ironic": "it's like the cat hairballing after the carpets are cleaned"? Just happened.
you are my sunshine princess
Near 70 in ATL over the week end and now snow on the radar! Darn you global warming!
Lolol Yeah, I'm really glad I chose to stay in state and go to SUNY Buffalo
cuss ur a ass whole lol
To bem e vs como ta amora?
Congress Members Produce 30% Fewer Tweets After Weinergate And are much nicer to their wives and have deleted 100% of their porno files
Anyone looking to buy a used car? Selling my 94 HOnda Accord for like $1600. 200K miles, runs well. Message me about it.
tech blogging is a zero sum game
So what number will be wearing with the bills next season?
ladies man (;
Yes!!!It comes with K cups!!Can make one cup of coffee at a time,, so many kinds of coffee to choose from!!! A tad pricey!
also playing June 16th for with
preciate the love and support my boy
Some weed, hoes and alcohol.
Watching a local production of Spring Awakening and thinking of Hope you're well, friend!
Hey Jeremy. Thanks for following. I see that you're from CO?
2 spots left in A4C camera classes - Tues night and Sun a/noon. Email us if you would like to be considered or need info....
The nest is in a small Toyon bush that is only about six feet tall in my backyard. Nest itself is only about 4-1/2 ft off ground
iAm Beautiful iN Every Sinqle Way Cus Words Cant Brinq Me Down
Cincinnati is the 7th poorest city in America
someone searched "dry cracking stretch mark penis" and was directed to my blog. I'm concerned.
We love #TravelTuesday! Here's a few of our favorites:
Thanks for the RTs
Ground ball to the left side THROUGH for a base hit! Gantner scores, throw to third and Yount is OUT on a single by Sveum.
just file it with #bmi as a #workforhire for his share and pay him a dollar or two. He'll be good! :-)
a success then. an average of .300 is hall of fame worthy in some disciplines!
Beauty is our weapon against nature; by it we make objects, giving them limit, symmetry, proportion
Hello. Nice to meet you.
so you rub mud on your face?
#glee Oh I love "Mean" by Taylor Swift. One day I'll be big enough that you can't hit me.
Was it a good bday?
That's what my wife and daughter were just sayin
listening to music
RT : RT : TMSpecial nominated for Sony Award for coverage of the 2011 summer in "Best Live Event" category<< bravo
burned 260 calories doing 120 minutes of "Cleaning, light, moderate effort"
What kind of challenges are you facing in your business?
All over city with my dear family then dance in Rasputin. Oh la la.
Our #freefriday offer this week is going to be
I wish Twitter would let me follow all of you back! It's preventing me from doing so-any ideas?
#ThingsIWantTheMost To be a lawyer, business owner, and a world changer.
This girl on here is eating roses and worms...
Babe LaHair again, y'all.
Today is the day kids... makes another trip to Cleveland. Maybe he will stop by OSU and tell them how happy he is for Kentucky.
Happy Birthday...Always stay #Kidrauhl You have helped me in so many ways you don't even know... so thank you <3
lol how do u ppl get so many followerz??
I saw a mahoning ave. Sign when I was goin to mickey D's :)
hahaha howd u guys find out
Pre-research report homework! MT : : Teachers-have students do annotated biblios assessing #webcred of their resources!
Busy couple of weeks ahead... DC (Watch out and ) next week followed by Vancouver the next.
It's perfect outside ☀❤
Two more days then roadtrip to Vegas baby!
": Lol !! "She wants me fool"" Lmfao that's it. Yeah yeah
I received a standing ovation from Director Phillip Noyce for my full couture look 3/28!
Barak Obama is also a few blocks away.
Things are looking great for Muffler Men the documentary. In two days we are almost at $1000! Huge thanks to backers present and future!
#Bova, Leviathans of Jupiter. Great to read some old school SF now and again, exploring Jupiter, contacting ETs, science politics & puzzles.
Having a blast with the gang !!
Evening news is where they tell you "Good Evening" and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Great job way to sweep those sorry Red Sox...0-6! I love it!!! haha
I want to love them because they're so darn practical (if you want the heels look, anyway) but I just can't get behind them.
You never understand me it was ways about you, another guys tells me to go for my stuff and then your sis doesn't you talking to me like :-(
John Dye was warm hearted,smart,sweet,dedicated, and was born with a beautiful soul. RIP John Dye, you'll always be remembered n loved.
LETS.GO.BULLS
See "the golden rule": 'those with the gold make the rules' Would you like unlimited Talk, Text, Web for your phone ?
. "hey girl, the things you own end up owning you."
it's amazing how much happier i am when i actually get a decent amount of sleep
Thanks for the tweet! Any scent in particular catch your eye?
Wait wait wait. So apparently Mandie asked both Madison and Nick to pick her? That's not fair hun.
not el rodeo DUH
of coarse I doo !!
One heck of a game!
The only reason I had kids is because I used up all other excuses to get out of work.
Oscar Wilde basically said Art is useless. I beg to differ......art can bring a new horizon of hope and love in our lives...
In substance, the court holds that the 16th amendment did not empower the federal government to levy a new tax~~NY Times, January 1916
I'm actually laughing out loud in the middle of class!
i hate how when you go to a park, and get on a swing, and some 5 yr old kid decides *that's* when he wants the swing..
: Too public, but . . . I interviewed you for HFR in Borgota in AZ. Long shot, but trying? ?
Off to "The Reel Thing" at the Academy Film Archive.
I love every to a certain extinct I just Barry a lil bit more .. Lol
whatever, it's a choice.
great blog post!
Nobody Beats the Drum... confirmed for the Day Party. Sat 17 @ Barbarella. Let the booty shakin' commence.
its early for u aren't u going out
I have read 7 books, read & highlighted parts of 22 academic articles, & skimmed/taken notes from 8 more books. All in the past week.
Kinsey on #taxonomy: "nature rarely deals with discrete categories... The living world is a continuum in each and every one of its aspects."
Hey #Philly, thirsty for some Bock? is having a Bock Night on 4/6! Come get your goat on!
Great! We'll see you next week!
Tweet me a number and I will say something nice bout u!!
Is the birthday party in LA too?
hahahha damn not the little homie
I don't like this.
Vet-Stem Regenerative Cell Therapy for Small Animals. Learn more & call your Vet!
Frank Lloyd wright often included statements of philosophy on his buildings. From the Larkin Building: "Sincerity, Humility, Courage"
Ha ha! Today, I've been struggling with "your" and "you're". Oh, and it's one of my biggest pet peeves!
it's quite obvious no need 4 explanation. Good luck with date.
Shows the strange intersection of market exchange and quasi-kinship relationships.
Hey !! Let's work!
If you tweet 3 more times, and get three more followers, you'll be 66.66.66
feeling the same way!
I really don't wanna sit through this service, I would much rather be asleep
"So f*ckin sexy, u r a sexy f*ck" LMFAO really makes u LMFAO
REMINDER 1st half of research requirement due tomorrow 03/13
Watched three grown men YouTube and oogle Susana Hoffs for over an hour
I'll keep that in mind. Any other ideas?
cloth is an admirable, nice thought. Go with disposable. You'll have enough to do!
No… Cause what we got is solid gold. Why would I blow all that on some worn out old…
Good morning! Had an audition yesterday for a pilot... Still waiting to hear from my management.
Not wasting any time! RT you're beautiful. Just thought I'd tell you that.
Well it aint Boston in the playoffs without them choking one away...glad it's game 4 and not a game 6 or 7.
just a bit tho. Its cool
Good morning world
These Red Sox are killin' my fantasy team!
it's gonna be so hard to find a bar showing All Dogs Go To Heaven!
haha I told my mom we have to go the the concert of the top ten! I want De'Andre to go home. He's good but his voice gets old..
i dont think it's gonna go farther than just friends with benefits. oddly enough, im kinda ok with that.
i can't deal being in no hot ass room,
Gotta stop reading these stories about people falsely convicted of crimes and sent to death row, keep having nightmares it'll happen to me
playing with TweetDeck. Kinda cool.
Girl you talk to much. Shut up.
The tuna and salmon we got in today look amazing! I know what I'm having for dinner!
happy birthday kiddo, have a great one 😍
better than pulling out a shiv...
Farewell, My Love band is fucking amazing!
Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless! Damn straight :)
Locked out my house at 1 am? Okay. That's cool.
We will be open Friday 2-5 pm and Saturday 5-7pm, hope to see some friendly faces there!
Cards and drinks!! What beats that? :)
Thank you for existing :') ♥
full of wine and pizza. yum.....
Food portion is CRITICAL 2 controlling caloric intake.
Oh trust me, I am. RT : Do it i triple dog dare you (; RT : I'm gonna blow up babes phone.
maybe he parks his cars outside on seven acres. Or bikes to work. Or that's a typo.
yeah that's what I was thinking. haha no big deal if we can't do anything. Just curious.
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1851 Yosemite Valley was discovered in
Thinking about the course description for his large lecture section on "American Apocalypse."
“It’s in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.” ~Tony Robbins Every day. Every minute.
Ugh I'm so grumpy today 😁
Food for thought. This is so true. That's why u r the bomb.com
omg. I am so irritated at my clumsiness right now. And the flip flops are my NEW Auburn flip flops my best friend sent me!
Today: Region 7 APS applications will be reviewed; tomorrow AOSII; Friday AOSI.
Me to“ Im coming over friday RT : Some things people need to regret and got to hell for!!!!”
your really pretty, just thought i would tell you that :D
pbr is actually hipster beer and extremely popular now
omg TLC with the tallest people show ad #my strange adiction had me screaming today......
Move your whole body and lets start the party too much rock for one girl can make her go crazy i need someone to dance with me baby
nothing is worse than wanting to get drunk but having no one to do it with... fucking lame sauce
Not being able to instantly get over things..<<<<<
im ok twitter mum sick of not sleeping tho x
Loving this rapid fire call with & ! So many good questions (and I got to ask, eep!)
Where did you land?
Memphis is like Lebron. They only play three quarters.
Is your new tattoo a feather or?
They were singing in French, but the melody was freedom and any American could understand that. -Audie Murphy
Come back to twitter after some wine and Skyrim to find that is using enough twitter API calls for the whole continent ...
#Indian gaming (casinos, etc) resulted in $30 billion last year.
:D xo
wee bit painful.
Haha! I know, but so cool. Loved your last blog by the way. Gorgeous photos.
I wore ugly jeans today and they ruined my day.
GO RAYS! UN-FREAKING-BELIEVABLE!
Such, such, such a good time on as always!
The only person you should compare yourself to is the person you used to be.
1 request for a secluded island where I can only think nice thoughts and be free from negativity, stress, & gossip.
that's pretty good news for natural blondes. And MEN.
My thoughts and prayers are with our Chilean friends after their 8.8 earth quake. God bless.
well, mr. Negative..
girl that's boring af don't even-_-
#supportlocalmusic Live with doubles. and lots of Status Green a great band that just ended. sadface. listen in to
whoa thats awesome
I love music, it goes well with my high
See you at lunchtime, Tweeple!
Turn down the lights, lite the fire, turn the music down low and enjoy a great dinner brought to your door by
I think I am on tv everyday now. What show did you see?
#VINTAGE #FASHIONISTAS Thank u so much for entering the purse giveaway with , the answers have been so Fashionably Chic ❤❤❤
Ok. I'll take a 24 pt lead at the half. Slackers. #goHeels!
Go Marq! Destroy ND with or without that big goofy bastard
Gala aftermath... tons of follow up...my office needs cleaning...but I'm glad it's over.
Classic Retort ----> RT what are you talking about?
My Maui-bred nieces are watching snow in person for the first time in their lives.
That might make a good Depends commercial
But, it is putting me in the mood for happy hour today.
It's almost May 15th((: #ThroughSInAndSelfDestruction AA<3 !! && Uhmm really stoked for the new MIW album, think it's called "Infamous"
including Alison Brie
Joshua! Follow me back!
#NAFEONATION Make sure to follow
I miss you :( just scared to go along with this again. You've let me down each time and kept doing the same crap. How is this time any diff?
I'm sure it doesn't seem like it to you but that seemed like it went fast. Enjoy your last week and safe travels!
yes! I created a fb page for our staff kickball team and we ended up continuing it post kickball season.
Excited to be singing in Poland @ Krakow JF (Jul 7th) and Katowice JF (Jul 6th) with NDR Big Band and the National Polish Symphony Orchestra
really starting to slip back into the darkness wanting someone to save me b4 its 2 late #fuckyoudepression!
Final #Fridayreads - Gin: The Much_Lamented Death of Madam Geneva by Patrick Dillon (research for new book)
The Cosco-meatball-loving bear is back in Glendale! Guard your meatballs!
I'll let you pay me 20 dollars to fight invasive dandelions.
Thank you O's! I'll take a gift.
ah I got to study for my finals today :/ ...
Bah @ the weather in #DC today
Fuck i'm bored....
Reporters fulfill citizenship duties by being professional observer : Rosentiel
Fuck!!! What the fuck is going on tonight?!
ayyy can I get a check? Nahh, we straight
Do you speak English?
Can I seriously just take all of 's music and her guitar skills and call it my own? They're all so good.
2day was a good day.. I feel madd accomplished, I can't wait 2 tell u abt this week.. but knowing us, i'll prlly tell u next week..
I think all mb fans would be mad If he did something like that :-)
Well Happy Early Birthday Then ! Haha (:
I know it's hard to remember the people we used to be its even harder to picture that you're not here with me
I had a dream last night I kept getting kicked off of different reality shows because I was Muslim.
well shoot...didn't even notice the link didn't work ><
Great Movie, my fav group for karaoke
Democracy Journal editor and special correspondent Michael Tomasky is now on Twitter. Follow him at
it's #iPhone time my friend. So you can wrap that thing up in a
I once got "You will be hungry soon. Order take out now."
The claw of ravens
5 days until KAHATF1HSWK!! :) I can't wait lol
No prob. Just followed again (un-followed when you tweeted that truck driver op-ed 10x) RT Hi Ben. Thanks for the RT.
One of my followers followed you >:D
You are welcome - Save your money, time, energy, etc. #Clear is an absolute nightmare. I'm just trying to help consumers.
Mother's Day is less than 2 weeks away! Make your reservation for our delish annual brunch in the John Eager Howard Ballroom! 410-332-1000
Hey ! I just followed them.... I think ;)
Don’t wish it were easier to wine over, wish you were better.
exactly! “: "Its not the digital divide we need to worry about but a social divide" Joaquin Alvarado, APM #infoneeds”
Consider yourself lucky.
Night One Kisses!
Thinking of how much I admire Oprah, and am honored that I shook her hand at my Spelman graduation in '93! I love and will miss the show!
nice knickers
Does Emma Stone have stilts on under that dress?
thanks! sounds awesome
Funny we #justmet in person this weekend, but always great to keep connection going. Your media session was awesome!
text me?
It's Always Darkest Before Dawn . (:
Wishing and would get the blackout regulations figured out...living 70 miles from stadium in alt TV market and no 4me
Can you help me with presale fan club codes for
RT : artists & community organizers: what are the elements of a good collaboration?
It's now or never. You're not gonna live forever.
are you in NYC for new years?
New live album getting closer to completion all the time, and then I begin work with a fantastic producer on the new release.
Get inside my zone <3
going to the movies. :)
Jags get Blackmon, Rams get Cox>, Bucs get Claiborne
thank you your story is amazing and we had to share it with our youth and the youth in DC who we take our gallery too.
MCM is looking for artists in fashion designing, styling,, to work with our Pop superstar Nia. TF project, .
Great to hear 's shoutout to your upcoming book, "Net Smart: How to Thrive Online," during keynote
PS, Hardcore mode is the only way to experience true bliss.
Don't drive drunk! From 6pm-6am on New Years Eve/Day will take your drunk self & your car home for FREE member or not: 800-222-4357
Another Hemingway haunt: Paris! Who hasn't haunted this town?
so I just seen some of your tweets and I :)'ed lol
I really hope it does!
where? :P
Sp-hers have not won the championship THIS season. #GoLakers :-) RT But...but...THIS season though... #Spurs :)
have you read that book?
Waking up this early<
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul. ~Henry Ward Beecher
I dont have a clue, but imagine it was not done with one shot. usually those are stitched together, prob 50+ images? very nice
emily got 5th row for how to succeed tonight I'm so jealous omg
not yet! its on the to-do list for today haha.. I see you couldnt handle the partying, typical. 8-)
President's #FY13budget AGAIN calls for the consolidation of chronic diseases that share risk factors.
Little confused on how you can get 21 points by losing every race today.
‎"Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one." -Malcolm S. Forbes
if i could get a happy new year or a hi my year would really end ICONic please nick it would be AMAZING!(:
Charlie Brown: Hey Snoopy, im bringing sexii back Snoopy: bitch please xD
RT : We're waiving his fine bec the smiles he gave us are worth more than any fines.
LOL well she changes... she gets better.
do you think the aztecs have a good shot with Skylar Spencer?
Shoot the last 2-3 months of being pregnant with my lil girl I was on bedrest... and also this last month... How you been?
Re: Prezi, if you find one, could you please share? Thanks!
people who subtweet <<<
Now the characters are blaming each other! Hey guys, blame the freaking sharks, they just ate two people.
IS THAT a good or bad thing?
Gah, i just don't get things.
HAPPY Hump DAY people!
shit forgot to do current event and its almost 9:00
I said on the Survey to let me know if you have any holes in your virtual audience and I'll try to oblige(signed up for 2)
Thank you! All we need to complete it is a baby boy now :)
If someone was going to win, I'm glad it was the guy who uses a pink driver.
Good Morning #Baltimore! It seems that days of sunshine have given away to a few days of rain. Be careful and drive with caution!
I love you like I love your sister.
Irrational Vaccination fears.
he doesn't always degen. but when he does, he goes against wesley snipes.
TEAM MARVEL LMFAO
you are too sexy for that kind of comment. :)
When I find myself wanting to code a 1st Edition Dungeons and Dragons module in Visual Basic, I know I'm old.
CityLit Festival 2012 was amazing and inspiring! So many great authors and events!
New learner outcomes: collab readiness; digital literacy; goes to the design of the curriculum not just the course.
so why did they both just try to take it to a national level? I'm still pretty new to political bs lol I start voting this year
I am going to punch in its bloated scummy face.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, want a shoutout?, so follow me maybe!
I've only listened to one black cards song and wasn't into it at all.
I like and
Hope I can get my car situation sorted about by tuesday afternoon. Im hungry for some marvel and dont want to miss The Box Arena!
this team. Need phil Jackson
Thanks for the retweets today!
Producing on location for 12 hours. Starting another 2 hour shoot back at the studio soon. Coffee plz?
A great president and a big stick!
Thank you! Love my #sschat nights...
My mom has never seen Mean Girls?! That is changing tonight
HalfPrice tickets to see Stanley Jordan!valid Thur, March 15th and Sun, March 18th, the 10 PM show only,Get tickets online, use code "SJ12"
Been on Facebook so much... forgot about twitter... gasp!!!!!!!
C.D. Jackson Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
I'm having a double protein shake with frozen peaches. It just sounded necessary this morning.
You can't have a better tomorrow if you're always thinking about yesterday.
I missed the Galley Chat today. And everything interesting all of you said all day.
And the excuse "yeah things are really busy over here" doesn't wash. "Too busy" to perform a simple act = you, finding a diff. occupation
YESS!! Congrats! RT : I'm humbled 2B a part of such an impressive array of superstars n 's
Thank you - yes! RT reverb grew not just b/c of the prompts but because the why & your beliefs deeply resonated :-)
Sea Lions LIVE starring "Clyde" at SeaWorld!
i jus wanna leave.
Miltowntickets will be out and about this weekending marketing our site!! www.miltowntickets.com
Almost as bad? She cheered for #kU in the Final Four. Yeah, remember that, #como voters when she tries to Earn your vote.
Alright City of Praise AAU Basket ball team. They brought home the W!!!
i'll be there. looking forward to it. haven't seen ya'll since bham years ago. hoping to hear Mountain tonight.
yes - still active! can you please re-send the email? terribly sorry about that!
hey did ur twitter get hacked are was it u that just 5.
any managers who actually manage artists?
OK COOL NOW LETS TALK POKEMON
Who do I have to show my boobs to get one direction backstage passes...?
Appreciate those workouts u gave Alexis my daughter.
Vegas is a crazy place!!!
RT : Dear please join Celebrity Cabinet & attend our Aug 4th event email...
Pics from yesterday #MMENights going up later. We appreciate everyone who came out to Notte and partied safe.
4 errors???? come on
I second that! :) RT : Someone needs to make a film of Chess. IT WOULD BE GREAT.
It is interesting to not that the University of Missouri was the first University established west of the z.
is that Duck Tape? lol
YES! YES! YES! YES!
Nice to see you guys last night! :) <3
Best part: Sunday morning when the guy with the strong southside accent reminds you about "Cat'lic Mass" over the loudspeaker
I'm trying to figure out where this hair in my mouth came from  ... I know my face hasn't been near a womb in a long time.
We have Empanadas today! See you for lunch! And don't forget to get a Smoothie...it's hot outside!
RT : Visit CloudConfidence. The way to trust your Cloud.
Solution? Cut taxes RT : Okla. falls to 48th for health due to high smoking & obesity, inadequate prenatal...
Thank you all who came to Stay Warm! and Bartab love our fans!
WOW! ": Girls semifinal hockey action between Kettle Moraine and Onalaska remains tied at 4 as we head into the 4th overtime period."
Maybe we can trade for Kotsay at the deadline to not only pinch hit but also so Roenicke can use him to pitch the 8th inning
better fit "ho ho hopefully" into their setlist on December 10th. :'D
Japanese pm!
are you kidding me? 6-0?! not what i was hoping to wake up and see this morning.
awesome Yesenia! We will be sure to let you know when we are playing again in the area!
what should we name our monkey ;)
Israel better quit. Not joking
in corporate dallas for Amigos! should be a great conference!
Last night couldn't sleep. I am starting to think I'm not fooling anyone anymore.
Was there Monday and Tuesday. Too short of a trip for such great weather. Maybe next year. :)
Hey i wont kiss and tell ;) lmao my friend dared me to say that to u well good luck today!!!! you will do great :)
RT : we always knew it was a world-class venue; now confirmed by awards as venue of the year!
": #AstrologyFacts #Geminis will usually find a way to shine, since anything else is unbearable for their ego."
Haha I do! Who doesn't?!
Indeed a mans man!!
Oh, it's good. Trust me (I know a guy, that knows a guy )
okay. Let me ask her!
The key to success is being able to take shit from shitty people
yeah I saw that tweet. But July 30th is still before the end of July lol See what they did tharrr?? ;)
After all the boys I thought I loved before... I didnt know what love was.. Until you knocked on my door
Good things are happening!!
how quickly the publishing paradigms shift. Yesterday's supposed rapacious villain is tomorrow's mourned departed.
"Retweet" if you put your hope in Jesus!
I'm so doing the snakehead. Tonight or tomorrow!
And papyrus!
RT : Did you know... the #Mississauga #ReStore is an e-waste centre? Drop off your small electronics > free of charge!
this is great for a smaller district. my grandaugher LOVES the student portal she is currently using at her site.
Pilates Plus client finished the San Diego Half in 2:35 wearing her "Vibram 5 Fingers"..nice job Laura
Trips to London, Arizona and Florida all booked. Three more trips planned. Gonna be a fun year.
Great day. Excited for the inspection on the house tomorrow...
took :40s off my pace today! Still nothing compared to how fast the front is getting to Brady tonight!
Pacers win! Pacers win! Game 5 tickets now on sale!
Awesome- I will add that to the list!
“: Stupid Trix!” silly rabbit trix are for kids
thanks for supporting he is another Twitter friend and a cast member of .
thats super cool !
Did you know that embedded in the Baskin Robbins logo is the number 31? The number represents how many flavors they have!...
Follow back please? #OMGOE ♥
There are mangled cars pushed everywhere. Debris litters every parking lot.
Hey, do you ride my bus?
Make sure it's a shiny one! :)
Wow. In learning of 's death yesterday, I turned to twitter to see if she was trending yet. She had 5800 followers. Now? 36,200!
In all seriousness, the site will #BuffAndBlueOut at midnight to protest #SOPA #PIPA. You guys should follow suit.
I'm loving how all the teachers are slamming tests on us with a week left of school. There's a things called finals aka A TEST.
had to go w/ brown. is a fan too:) cc
Then Can You Plz Follow me.?? <3
goodnight everyone, sweet dreams. (:
The site looks great
"H2O" tickets are moving like hot cakes. The Premiere might be sold out by the end of next week.
i laugh when people tell me I tweet too much. Sorry, but there's nothing else to do on TWITTER.
The leaders of the world are the people who are not afraid to walk alone.And achieve what they believe even through slander and ridicule.
ahh lol but that's so not an insult...
Totally killing it at EPA
Who has seen the movie five year engagement & what did you think?
yes they should
I love you<3 will you marry me?(: haha. you're so cute! Btw, when's your birthday? about 22 hours ago
In Milwaukee and drinking a #MillerHighLife. When in Rome, right?
God bless the child that could hold his own.
Great day of gym sessions and had a great Easter dinner! Hope you all had one as well! (: visiting with fam than bed! Gym in the morning!(;
stop cursing.
JOHN L SMITH #Arkansas? Best of the 90s retreads available? I hope he screams something about coaches screwing seasons up at the Presser
iphone keeps erasing the security questions it's forcing me to answer, as i write them. infinite loop. is this happening to anyone else?
Good stuff. Thanks. I might have to check that out. =)
She's the best buzz I'll ever find.. I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime.
Marguerite de Valois~ Tears may be dried up but the heart - never.
NEW!The 9 Worst Ways to Use Facebook for Business
Coffee was once $31 a pound in Nazi-occupied Netherlands.
because they prefer having a large quantity of bad sitcoms than a small quantity of gud sitcoms
Only 16 days until we draw a winner! Where would you spend your $100 Visa card? Maybe at Easton Town Center?
Quick little shoutout to my baby sis who never talks to me, only retweets me lol #loveyoutoo :) best lil sis in the world
Ugly girls shut the fuck up!
"Thank you so much for an unbelievable time. -JC"
I will remember your miracles of long ago. I will meditate on all your works and consider all your mighty deeds. Ps 77:11-12
I'm saying he has arrived. One of these days I'll write an email. You can only do so much w/ 140 characters...love the show
Never again will I watch a movie with
that'd be "demo-ing" not demoning!
That's a major miracle. Too bad you don't have a UPS driver like we do! ;)
Thanks for the shout outs!
The premier league is close to being sent home early in the champions league..
i majorly facebook creeped on you. be afraid.
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Uncommon Ground - Coffee Shop (live updates)
Prediction: The 4 team CFB playoff will give way to an 8 team playoff in 2017/2018, amid complaints over unfair treatment of teams left out.
Miami is up to, so that means Eddie Curry should be DPOY
Pop pop, man u running yo lip?, well pop pop, man there goes my clip!
Oh shit! RT : It's National Grilled Cheese Day? O_O
Kemcial Warfare back in stock today
Art "means nothing if it simply decorates the dinner table of power which holds it hostage."
Take my mind off smokin...lol
I am the q tips biggest fan... Number one
Patient Access Solutions, Inc. $PASO is a healthcare solutions company focused on advancing the healthcare information technology industry.
Driving around Hollywood listening to MUSE on 98.7.
I respect that but listen how he rap tho bro he kinda has a Houston swag on him... And of Course Houston is Mecca in the south
Thanks Phil! We'll let you know as soon as we have our volunteer program in place. Go Ducks!
Brad Kesolowski is listening to the national anthem and thinking to himself "I thought Night Ranger was a video game."
The sad moment when you can feel you & your best friend slowly drifting apart .....
Absolutely AMAZING!! Matt Kemp hits a home run to give the #Dodgers the lead as rain pours down. Now if the game is called LA wins
sidewalk riding not illegal, but you must always yield to pedestrians. And not act like a douchebag.
Just Text Me.
Yes. Or Sh*ttle on most weekday games. Pretty much everywhere but Portland.
I want these 3 weeks to be over with!
Pratibha you've got a deal :>! Will u screen the film in the Pacific NW? We can host the event at PSU if you need a venue
wats good all?
hey beauty, how are you? :-)
guess we should think about picking up the house. kel's work party is @ our house in t-minus 4 hours. time for some teacher fun.
If West Virginia wins, will talk about how WVU won or how Clemson lost?
Back to 0xA0A0A0.
can't wait to find out! Loving this book, Terry.
Had an interesting conversation this morning with my wife, a librarian, discussing WEMI, #FRBR, and venereal disease. What the pho?
Happy Birthday!
It means that I have been in community theatre to long. Looking at my resume with all the shows I have done, looks like I cannot advance
*bows* Thanks, you lovely people, you! :)
Sometimes I feel really uncool when I don't know what a single one of the trending topics are about.
Imma blame how I'm feeling on eve. Gotta be cause no one has done anything to me and I'm snapping.
Every store I go to got 50 pple in line fa lotto
very cool!
He's got the magic touch
Os win, caps lose but all I cam think about is Seau. Life is awesome . Rip #55 you were a monster
that bit is funny, when have i ever lied to you?
Not cool , , waking me up at 9am with an unsolicited push notification. Makes your app seem very untrustworthy. Uninstalling.
i wish i wasn't so awesome! if i wasn't so awesome i could go to mediocre lectures to look at work.
Goodbye #ColtonDixon! Sad to see you go.
or UNM, or the like.
bring me home some beads ;)
already in bed tonight, have to take my mom to dr first thing in morning. Let's check in tomorrow afternoon? Miss u!!
Ducks score!
“ I would of unfollowed me to if I was u and there not my friends
finally polished off the last of my candy corn stash. That will save me about 600 calories a day
RT : Hey, don't hate on Acer! / sorry, didnt mean 2 offend! U know how us Apple fanatics can be obnoxious sometimes!
Still, I want to invite you anyway. Just come one Sunday & hear it out. I would love to hear your thoughts. The offer is there.
Congrats to Santorum. But he's a Huckabee. No shot. Romney should have played up his performance a ton more in speech.
Im getting tired if school wish it my last week
We're setting our sights on a few properties along Bryden and one in particular on 17th between Bryden and Franklin Ave.
will do i might come this weekend if i don't work gotta get my dog from my brother
Know what would be awesome? Angry Conservatives. We launch birds that look like Reagan at pigs that look like democrats
Love it. You guys gonna be able to make it to see those faces tomorrow night?
We hope everyone is enjoying their Easter Sunday!
The Poor People's Campaign began in May of '68. Nine caravans of poor people erected a camp called Resurrection City in DC
just finished it Monday. 100+ hours and I didn't finish all the quests. Amazing game though!
Thanks for the follow, Melanie.
Hey Spurs fans! Do y'all have a Kik?? If so, hit me up! That's where I'll be doing my gametime talking!!
We still need librarians, but we need to revise education and professional standards to keep librarians relevant.
Woke up late and missed all the obvious #LUCK jokes. #timezoneproblems. I would try again but it's time to
Don't get texts in jail. Something urgent call my office... Brb.
Naked skin is beautiful!
' Took another fire Ass nap . . . .well dozed off!!
I just slipped on a condom. Interpret as you will.
My current goal in life: to build up a smell imunity to body odor. But only other people's.
Today's "have you ever..." on the www.knowledgesafari.com blog is about #gfree #glutenfree #GF living! Come share with us.
Today at noon, radio.
The gym feels better in the morning. I feel more alive
its an africian language. my point was that i dunno how many ppl can sign or need to sign as primary language in my area
Listening to WXYT #Tigers intro, and and Jim Price introducing the game. Man I missed this all winter!
i can't stop retweeting least i know im not the only one who is annoyed with 95% of the population
#whatilove VINTAGE, Pin-up, Marilyn Monroe, and Audrey Hepburn ❤
Big ups to Stephen Schott stadium!!
Prayers to the sandwich gods Reuben and Cherise answered: Ba Le Vietnamese Sandwich shop coming to the Loop at Washington and Wells.
I gave up a long time ago, debating closed minded people
Spring is here! I can tell because the cats ran through the house like a herd of elephants!! It was so loud.
LMAO!! We gonna be heading out there to get you in like 5min. I'll hit you when we're close.
Shirley bet not call my phone yo.
Boot Camp Lesson #3: We’re capable of more than we think we are. I can jump rope! www.Career3D.com/Blog via
EYES SET TO KILL w/ Barbarian, Awaken the Empire, For All the Enemies, Beheading Aries & The Story After APRIL 15 $12adv 6pm @ House of Rock
I'd consider any of those other guys "a key piece". They had a few toolsy high schoolers in last year's class. Jack Lopez too.
51 Cupcakes Baked 6 English Terms Completed 12 English Terms Started 12 English Terms Left Untouched
Jogging may add years to life: Study
Bikram yoga on a Friday YEAH YEAH sometimes you have to accept the need for balance!!
I often wonder why businesses treat customers so bad, then complain that they aren't making any money
Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies. -Ann Landers
RT : Hey everyone! & are about to sing together live on #ustream -- I'm in the CAT CHAT here:...
The lady who runs my hair cutting place= the nicest woman I've ever met. I know it's all bullshit and I couldn't care less.
Spent most of the day working outside on the Saffran acre. Just heard #ROC hit 87° today—new record. Do I know how to pick ’em or what?
that costs extra. ;)
I didnt hear you, so I'll just laugh and hope it wasn't a question.
nice! I had both the original RAZR and the Razr V9X and I loved them both. Looks cool man kudos
Exclusive offer here next bid on any auction item gets four free tickets to UP women's soccer tonight. vs. Stanford. Call now: 503-517-6123
Beyond frustrating! Same exact thing happened to me over Thanksgiving. Tweet your flight # + updates/cries for help to
I think I would eat granola bars everyday for lunch if would stop making fun of me for it.
I hope you know your air drumming sound like shit, moron.
please follow me please is my dream
oh tiger, its time to put down the club and pick up the chicken wing.
We <3 #tacos! Tell us about your
Fred Couples in the lead at #themasters There's nothing like working, watching golf and drinking manmosas!
“: Brunet: "Look a dead bird!" Blond: *Looks up* Where!?"”
Join us Friday 1/6 for next installment of our lunch n learn with Dr. Beth Meyerowitz. Noon at #LA #Museum of the
YES! The insight from the directors/actors after the film are definitely a highlight for me too. Makes it more "valuable" for me.
watching THE SHREW at Harman before FREE FOR ALL JAZZ w Sunny Sumter. COME OUT!
Why do *you* love PDX?
im making shirts with my friend this weekend 👍
I wonder if Dick Hughes is still alive? He had helped hundreds of #homeless #children during the #Vietnamwar I want to learn more about him
aww babe I love you <3
Doesn't seem like any one has really laid a glove on Romney - Doesn't seem this debate will move any polls
so what r u doing these days?
Time to sit through another boring class!!!! F.M.L.
Win. I'll snag it from you sat so we can chill it for sun BBQ.
so wonderful to meet you @ Festival! I peaced out on Sunday but looking forward to hanging next time I'm in town!
yeap. We get it tO
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 37
Texture Contemporary Ballet's newest newsletter! Have you signed up?
Well said sister!!
that money anit gunna help if I'm dead lol would u?
TIL Henry XIII's "walking stick" was a handgonne (polearm mini-cannon) dressed up as a godendag (just look it up). Lovely man.
Texting someone all day and night never gets boring when you really like them
So people in Hollywood just lace blunts with crack that's not nice. That's how people become addicts.
RT : I think groundhog day is so over. Let's hear it for Honey Badger day! << Are u sure cuz the Honey Badger don't give a S^$t
Google wave: As of January 31, 2012, all waves will be read-only, and the Wave service will be turned off on April 30, 2012.
All they got is cells, so if you sell they got a spot for ya
Ooh, yummy. I'll have to take a look!
Forget you.
lol hell yea. She was like "You guuuuuyyysss..." *sad voice*
what the hell foggy as hell
. Are you hoping to get your principal reduced?
Don't forget Fitz. If only that guy had a QB...
They say, "Its lonely at the top." So I say "This is good practice."
My cat might be the only cat who wants to play fetch while I'm in the shower. He drops mouse in and expects me to throw it so we can repeat.
: When boys tell you that they can't get you off of their mind. ❤
hi are you still living?
how about 12:30 tomorrow, same place as last time?
Chris's birthday is next week! woot :D
you sound like girl hahaha follow?
just sent song out for treatment to
Can I have a show of hands? Who gives a flying fuck what anyone in Iowa gives a damn about ?
its on monday!
Listen to music on my iPhone till it ring
Tomorrow on KOL, why this disappointment might be a little different.
Go tell the mountain, "Just meditate without me." I'll climb up later.
Woman got on escalator before me this morning, realized it wasn't working, walked DOWN, stood at the bottom confused. I repeat: escalator!
So bummed
Not sure what I want to do...
Drinking at Curra's. I'll be here another hour, if you want to buy the second round.
Too many times in life people try to convert the holy books word to fit their own personal lifestyle.The TRUTH can't be modified!
Hibbert is gonna look like Patrick Ewing vs Pittman
Against all odds, he was actually taken seriously, for a milli-second.
think Biden forced the President to make a commercial in favor of gay marriage before his 'gaffe' too?
I agree 100%.
Anyone have a brilliant idea of keeping squirrels from climbing the fire escape?
I'll be in NY monday/tuesday of next week - staying at - should be an adventure!
My real friends never hearin from me
Interested in checking out some property today? Stop by 2566 Wightman, 92104 today from 10 - 1!
Havin' a good time, tonight??!!
#TwitTip since ur new here... follow he will give you suggestions periodically of relevant ppl to follow . enjoy
ah amazing ep! Can't believe it's almost over this is going to be so sad. I need SAB in my life!
Gay is Okay
Really pacers?
I'm pushing everyone that loves me away, so when I chose to leave they won't be hurt.
ABX sauces transform classic items with sophisticated flavors that will keep YOU coming back for more!
YOUR MARRIED
Really? Well i hate bunions #random RT : #GirlsWithPrettyFeet is trending .. why?
Best night in LA. thus far!
threshold-o-meter: kettle corn guy at farmers market asks, "Do you do social networking?" and asks for Facebook post
please ask your friends to add
bases loaded, no outs. that's it yanks!
Cuz you have a picture with him!!!
": we're almost there! i will follow everyone who follows me from now until 4 million!RT" lets get Diddy to 4mil
49ers are KILLING!!!
“: Divorce yourself from the noise. Focus on the vital few. Play absolutely full out. Professionalism demands no less.”
jack and coke wiopll do.that for you :;0000
Congrats on the #Indy500 pace car announcement! We'd love to do a Skype interview with you about it - DM if you'd be interested!
Max Talbot knows the Penguins Weakness & Tendencies
SXSW is the new xmas for "marketers" RT : 7 #SXSW emails in the last 5 minutes. You're killing me!
A: #Galtung needs to be on Al-Jazeera on April 25, but he will come another day.
win! win!!! Awesome finish.
Getting coffee at my local Starbucks always involves a game of human tetris.
Watching scary movies with is too funny. Lmao
Kenny Lofton remains the only player to be traded and appear in both line-ups of one game.
follow back
I can't! RT : you had to kill one who would it be Downy JR or Johnny Depp?
Me and mii fav Jojo jus beat that ass n it's nothing to do it again baby
I CANNOT WAIT to recommend these people to the next client who wants "wow" or "pop"
Happy Love day :)
3 more dayz till' i get 2 go back 2 america!!!FINALY I get 2 c my friends and TEXT again!!!
I heard you accept the triple dare to go catfish hunting. Looking forward to watching! You are hilarious.
#ThankYouGleeCastandCrew I LOVE THIS SHOW!!(: I cant live without it and i have EVERY SINGLE SONGS FROM YOU GUYS!!! This is sad! :'(
Shout-out to 4 winning the Jacob Javits Fellowship!
So, I just got to wear a cape. Like a real one.
Smoking, for sure, contributes to MAD. What are #smoking habits llike in #Jordan, by the way? Is smoking widespread?
want to go see the Grunyon run tonight?
best husband in the world! On our way to Budakahn!! My fav!!
lol! #Legos rock - welcome to my world with my 6yr old boy!
I dont what's worse. The Red Sox play or the fact they'll play Sweet Caroline today & everyone will sing along like nothing's wrong. Wake up
Come and get 'em... Fresh packzi from Delightful Pastries are selling like hotcakes! Don't miss out. Stock up now !
More 7 evil exes ! With Scott Pilgrim !
RT All players who were on waivers yesterday have cleared.
Well, he's currently beating me up from the inside. :) 11 weeks to go. How are you and Tom?
just sang red solo cup with aunt nancy and lauren. #winning shoulda been here
until your gf gets to DC then i can be her friend amirite?
We delude ourselves into believing that we are a "work in progress" The FACT is that every moment is a NEW BEGINNING!
American Idol's steel guitar player, Jay Leach, played on 3 of Amy's songs so far on her upcoming album. He's excited and coming back for
Even got Dr Knight on twitter follow him
-- I'd call bluemooncamera.com in St. Johns. If they don't do it, they'd know who would. Or Hollywood Camera.
#100thingsilove crack cocaine
oatmeal raisin cookies are sorta healthy, right?
Just can't get behind Marquette, but their size is going to be extremely tough for anyone to defend. #ONWISCONSIN!!!
Expose Exploitation
am good,i don spread your song 4 IB city...
I'm super geeked about this.
when you think, are you here?
Actor's with accents rules!!! Go Sofia Vergara!!!!!!
I am still laughing... I can't stop that is pure gold!!!!!
milky white titties
RT : VEGAS WITH WHOO!!!! Wait a minute.... lol// Yessir! They grow up so fast! Lol
I love #Denver in the Spring!
AFTER HOURS: the Church 606 downtown LA featuring the best in upfront global house served up by resident djs Blackliquid & Mikey Gallagher
Fill up the goblet and reach to me some! Drinking makes wise, but dry fasting makes glum. ~ William R. Alger
The century which we are entering can be and must be the century of the common man.
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 21
Wish me luck for today's football games, if I win this week I'm handed 300, if I lose, I'm handed 40.
Haha I won't. I'm working now on some of the more logistical part of an the award. I'll send soon for feedback
How do you motivate subscribers/members to become donors?
<3 Mac RT : The average PC owner spends 50 hours a year troubleshooting. The average Mac owner spends 5 hours a year.
#Consultant Search Processed: #CableCut / #FiberOptic Repair Claim / Damage during #Construction (Contact re: Cable Cut)
I need you to give me a quick lesson on twitter...seriously can't figure this all out! haha!
TONITE is the ULTIMATE 80s Prom Party!!Get ready to relive your prom all over again!! Come dressed for our 80s prom and get in for #FREE!!
Out of all the other tables in the restaurant you had to sit right by mine.
I here ya
I am a new member as of 5 mins ago!! SO EXCITED to find you!! BIG fan of WABISABI GREEN..so I had to be where she is!
Just wait till districts you bitches. You'll feel the same feeling we have right now except worse. Oh and we will beat you.
A recent study shows that the heart grows weaker everytime we do something opposite of what we feel.
The countdown begins now... Can't wait!
That's terrifying.
Packing makeup with Amanda for Seven Springs!! We are #insanelyeccited!!!!
Happy Friday! Any fun plans this weekend?
Couldn't sleep so I started watching Late to the party but I absolutely love it. I wish I had a dire wolf..
Happy Easter twitter fam!! Have a blessed day
I wish Charlie was here to watch this movie with me. It would be perf for us..
Good morning -_-
aw. Cute!
RT RT Telling someone why you love them, is like explaining what water taste like ...
I always feel so much better about my face after I get my brows did.
cant wait for the baby to be born sweey. Love u lots
Okay... I'll be back later, gotta watch my gay boys on TV & see my husband.xx
Life gives to the giver and takes from the taker -- Marie Forleo
RT : Parents of teenagers: Are your kids employed? Was it hard for them to find jobs? Please DM me.
The instagram thing feeds into Facebook's facial recognition, sure, but most instagrams I see show brunch or dogs so forgive my skepticism.
Everybody is a winner before the start of a competition, but the real winner comes after the competition is over...
"here is the chuch, here is the steeple. open the Double Doors. See all the people at my wedding :)
I like it when you call me big papa. 😂
wow he seems cute ur cat crazy :O
hahaha did He really?
So #TerraNova and #TheRiver are cancelled. First the #Stargate series and now this.
I like im just mothafuckin chillin in my underwear at home and my mom comes thru the front door with her friends wtf!
I'm super excited about my first basketball game. My mom used to teach Dwayne at Marquette! BTW I'm already the size of a truck!
Going to see w/ (if she ever finished getting dressed)
This one year deal crap is nuts...should be locked for at least 3 or 4 more #dumbnetworks&theirspendingrules
you mean he doesn't even get tested? must think he's living on a different planet than the rest of us
have faith niggy. Their lineup ain't shiiiittttt compared to ours. We got it
Egyptians used a form of toothpaste over 5000 years ago.
RT : I'd really like a slice of the roasted potato chicken pizza from It's so yummy and carb-y.
Ah, the Frappuchino ... the drink for trashy people who want to feel less trashy by spending $6 on a milkshake. Oh, and teenage girls.
I'm jealous your in San Fran! I've always wanted to visit. Enjoy your trip!
Never pay for Gas or Groceries Again,, www.gasandfood.video.com www.mpbtoday,com/corkyd I will give 500 leads a month,
Sme Day's I Be Like: Damm!! That was a close 1!! What was i thinking!! That would have been nice!! Dont make me do it!! I missed another 1!!
You know... I don't know! The Weekend Assignment editor is in later this morning. I'll have to ask. Thanks for the FYI.
Like the episode with Adam Baldwin. Not as much Firefly as I expected. Loved the spot after with R. Downey Jr about Avengers
Paper 1: Defining Successful Aging: A Tangible or Elusive Concept ...
Don't shy away from open mike night every Wednesday at 8pm : O'Neill's Irish Pub.
Ideas on good restaurants in shanghai? Hong Kong? Beijing? Help me Tom cruise!
Leaving beach tomorrow!! :-(
Hmm, seemed to have reached my follow limit for now, so sorry if I don't reciprocate for a bit.
“ Not being able to pull off a prank because you're laughing like an idiot the whole time.””
I was Googled 1 times this week! Google me in one click at vizibility.com/bruce - From t.vizibility.com
Ah shit here we go wit these fake ass calls
The #shoebox photo conversation needs to also be about editing, not every memory is precious enough to preserve.
RT : Good Morning #Greatness You have to speak your desire out loud. Voice print the atmosphere right now.
Appreciate the follow Justin.
Badger hockey fans, be sure to tune into for great color on tonight's game. I'm at my daughter's play.
Starting drivers Ed this week :)
I love love love to shop alone....
Going shopping with my boys is one continuous comedy act! Just as well everyone else around is smiling also.
so back to square one....u have no soul.
if you can still buy low on gallardo go for it. If I had to choose between the two I would go with gallardo (better team)
Got a little bruised by the fierce folks at the mother show in Chicago. on their radar, though.
Last night was crazy, made new friends. cant wait for next weekend.
good morning ;)
i'm thinking about it. c:
Thee best Gift I Can Ever Give My Mom Is My Love ;-)
Girl Scout Troop #4304 has chosen TCC as their Hometown Hero! Join the girls on 2/27 at Menchie's 2656 W. 32nd for Thin Mint frozen yogurt!
Ice cream & Cheetos , (:
Irritates me to no end to see the "No Insights til you hit 30 fans" message when I have 22 times that amount!!!
Four straight hours of nothing else to do but play instruments with the occasional hot toddy thrown in the mix.
The first draft of anything is always shit - Ernest Hemingway.
...why must my feet smell? WHY HAVE YOU CURSED THIS WICKED GENETIC TERROR UPON ME!?
u should really come to texas!!:-)
how many cars do you have? that are actually paid off? ive seen lambo, bentley, ferrari.
what's up !
Feliz Día De Las Madres. I love you mom! The only woman I need in my life <3
Going to my moms favorite place todayy,the swapmeet ^.^
Lol! Struggling artists.
San Diego -> LA -> photo shoot -> Public -> Beachers -> and GO!
I love the guy, though. But the cavs needed a high pick. Now just don't use it on Robinson or Barnes.
wont do it
U tried 2 call me??
We can get down with the boogie.
Finished Arcadia. The search for a new book begins.
Time is never on my side
I really miss who you were and what we had.
#ThingsIWantTheMost: to punch you in your suck hole.
Stealing and copying the keys to my high school. I wanted to be a janitor I guess.
What's wrong 'lil bro?
GETTIN READY TO ROCK COCO LOUNGE!!! OH AM I READY TO GET IT IN!!! 2012 BRING IT ON!!!
Finishing up dinner then home for the Laker Game!
Congrats to the 2011 Future 50 winners! Looking forward to celebrating your success tonight! We are a proud four-time sponsor of the event!
DON'T TAKE A SHOWER!
? why does on chrome continually return "Sorry, that page doesn't exits" but no problem with on ? try it!
So good to get to see you today!! Can't wait for Friday!!
Say What U Mean & Mean What U Say!!!
Please answer this question, are you still scared of Nats?(:
oh for sure dude, I assumed you were already there
"May your father and mother rejoice; may she who gave you birth be joyful!" --Proverbs 23:25 (NIV)
future employers love to go back and read your old tweets...
Thanks, Ted! Glad you like it. Tomorrow? Slave revolts!
Well so did you...so...yeah.
Worried. If I tell you how awesome current show is, you might buy my favorite piece.
MY BIRTHDAY IS IN 1 HOUR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D going to the airport at 12:30 with my dad to pick up my brother :D gonna be a good day!
Smh can I get u to follow please lol
Just a chilling cause I got outta school early :3
we got a groupon to a fancy hotel in Midland so two nights here we come!
Nicola, a friend of mine told me about an epi forecasting competition using twitter data.. are you aware of this?
is so great like omfg she's awesome forreal.
reading helps 87% of my problems
Hey everyone! Make sure to check out CRITTERS! It is a great 80's scifi, horror gem. Watch out, They Bite!
These Cruz and Dewhurst ads are funny ... in an unintentional, self-absorbed chest-pounding sort of way.
I MADE THE HIGHSCHOOL CHEER TEAM! CAN I GET A WHAAT WHAT?(: haha
oh yeah???
Looking for virtual assistant services. Any recommendations?
Moving in with an elevator is so much easier!
Adam has been nothing but a total gentleman to me I love him for his heart that and he loves his mom
Dying inside but outside looking fearless ~
Nice Hock by
We are just north of Charlotte. Funny I grew up in Atlanta!
I've got Honolulu, Chicago, Chattanooga, Orlando, and McLean all on the support agenda for today.
Some potato chips with tomato sauce :]
Ive been using your site and it is a very good tool for artists and producers to promote fast and easy.
I think we should get a free for all gametype created, mabe even some 2v2, 1v1 action
Nope. A dive bar.
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: There are at least 2, and up to 5 solar eclipses per year somewhere on the Earth.
okay so now we need to follow us!
There were three good things about the movie Moneyball : Billy Bean's daughter, I ate Oreos during it, and baseball as romantic.
I love this new avatar. Makes me laugh every time.
not down with rude people.
but in the end it's not your company. They do what they see fit. Like it buy it don't well then don't... Pretty simple.
It was so good to see her, but it killed me to walk away from her💔
