Thank you for hosting me this weekend! I had such a blast :)
Aw, geek love! : Nerdiest (and sweetest) proposal: proposes to with an infographic bwo
I love it!! Thanks it's coming! :)
aw:$ well thanks<3 and yay let's do it:')
I got food poisoning twice in 5 weeks from bad Vietnamese takeout (the place was later shut down). It sucks! Feel better.
Got to get Jorts on that Legends team!!!! One last hurrah in Rupp!!
Thx! Can't wait for Portland! See u then!
#thatawkwardmoment when you meant to put a :) face in your conversation and you accidentally put a ;) face and the whole convo turns creepy!
it's me and jada and two of her girlfriends. We need one more girlfriend! Yay!
#IWishYouKnew, how bad I want to be your official girl.
Police station on Cottage Grove rd. voter 444
Has anyone else wondered why in street basketball you HAVE to win by two? Lol since when did 11-10 not count as a win?
You are an awful person with an awful face and an awful personality and an awful life and you support an awful team.
#IKnowThisOneGirl who they call "Two Packs of Tracks" because her hair is BIG... Look like 4 packs of tracks to me.... ;-0
any baseball updates??
no... it just feels Iike one lol and I still haven't used spoons!
you're sneaky
“: The best relationships start off as friendships first.” AMEN
Consumption And Population Control, Key Factors In Sustainable Future - RedOrbit
RIP MCA. It was always on my bucket list to see The Beastie Boys. Sad I didn't get to.
Vacation is going well, looking forward to another Webb's on the 20th!
lol that's kinda the point I'm guessing.. Haha
maybe they're on the east coast
Flipping through the #ASECS2012 program. It looks very exciting, and there sure are a lot of folks scheduled for Thursday . . .
at least it wasn't at KFC
Wtf?!? All of this blood is coming from a little was cut.
Some people just need a kiss...on the side of the head...with a metal bat.
Thanks for coming in the other day. The curriculum will be a great addition to Empty Cradles effort.
My daughter is the best!!
Smile Baby! Life is to Gd to Be Sad tho!
I secretly still love :D #BelieberForever Duh ;D
I think Operation Doppel-Chang-er would've been better.
Read The orlando-non-profit Weekly ▸ today's top stories via ▸...
Break Up To Make Up x Jeremih
A metro sexual BFF is probably the best invention in the world. I never run out of outfit ideas.
Los Angeles, CA- Need females for runway event. No nudity. Pay is 400 dollars. ( Casting Code A1)
Orlando Bound!
Tweet me😉
aw. that looks like something out of a wes anderson movie, actually. hee.
so are we giving up then?
>Quote: Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. Steve Jobs
He will have a chance to make a dream become a reality. It will also give him a chance to visit more cities and fans!!!
Break and recreate established #contentstrategy guidelines to formulate your own unique methodology. RT
Engaging myself in research on rhetoric and competing characterizations of change and status quo in #highered. Seeing many parallels.
We got The Megatome & we are the smartest.
Your twitter background is awful
BITCH, just unblock the damn phone.
listen to this song its called "blind to you" by collie buddz he's Jamaican so it may be hard to understand but look up the lyrics
Okay! Okay! I know I'm Behind! Dang!
Good morning, and in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!
nothing just asking..
ugh... It's illegal to do that here and all the police are on their phones or texting while they drive. Drives me nuts
Sounds good. Maybe Weds? Let's talk Tues.
thanks for the follow! =) <3
“No matter what business you’re in, all the smart people work for someone else.” Joy’s Law
you need to come to hawaii and perform here (;
It's Rodeo time in Tucson! Call us today to reserve your transportation to the Rodeo with Integrity!
dang, u got married already? lol Just did a bbq with the famlies
Its sad when natives look down on other natives when they don't dance, what happen to just respect one another
Thy have the FINESt waiters working at chili's right now
there will be a press conference w/ police and family. Thank you for your concern.
when im really upset, i always remind myself that and Mama mahone loves me
Horror survival tip: if you are able to stab the attacker in the back, at least make an attempt to sever their spine.You'll thank me later.
“: Historic F1 cars will be running Tues at Snetterton. Come watch filming/racing get in spirit dress 70s :-)” Wish I could!
I wanna see what happens with mayweather & larry merchant during the post fight
Considering doing 10 push-ups after each goal in tonight's #pens #flyers game
Winter #music writing day!!!
All rainy :(
Now you can talk to all the girls you want. O, wait... Nothing new.
Ed Reed considering not playing next year. He had 4 INT and 9 PD compared to allowing 19 catches last year
Done teaching for the semester. That is all.
one thing
Wish me a Happy Birthday please! it ended in my coast but oh well ;P
Ion know man f*ckas on ya biscuit
o thats cool well i have no life so i tweet a lot and has no life cause she talkes to much about one direction
Follow Friday! These Bloggers are some of the best around
lol I honestly could see that happening ;)
More than 2 hours of giving tours to prospective #AmericanU students. Exhausting but so awesome. :D
shut the fuuuck up
none of that!
Lol nope not at all
Happy Father's for all those sexy dads!!! My prayers for all the Iranian that going thru this turmoil....God Bless Neda!!!!
*After running across the road* Me:"I feel like we just robbed a bank or something!" Elisha:"I feel like I just ran for the ice cream truck"
Jeezy always had hard beats...2nd2none
To love someone deeply gives you strength. Being loved by someone deeply gives you courage. ~ Lao Tzu ~
At ViceRoy
luckily I'm on spring break...but still made my day none the less :)
That puppy is super cute. And extra derpy! We'll have more on the pup tonight at 5:00 pm.
make sure your door is locked, you have enough food an water for several days & don't worry. zombies arent here yet.
you silly I don't discriminate : Grabs tannin lotion and plots next island trip* july Dominican it is....taxi
Awaiting 6PM so that I can play some Ghost Recon Online. Maybe stream a little now that I know what I'm doing.
Relax by the window with a pot of Jade Oolong with a cup of Casablanca Carrot soup and a Grilled Cheese
Hey! Happy to hear that you're digging Arygle! :)
Learning my lines. There is no other option than being off-book! Studying and Passing the NYC Bar Exam has its benefits :-)
DeJesus did not like monkeys that are different. Neither did Hudson. DeJesus isn't smart though.
kick your week off right with strawberry margarita sorbetto-- yum margaritas!
Is that like Bang Bus only they get you high as shit then kick you out around the corner?
A night of hot steamy passion sounds nice.
gets at for nothing and barnes gets to go off on a defenseless player without consequences
Ahh the opening! I hope I have enough people interested in going to that opening LOL!
you're making me misty. let me know when you're free
because everyone is loose!!
How's everyones day today??
who got the loud
Little indie called Damsels In Distress is showing at The Oriental right now. Absolutely hilarious my favorite film of 2012 so far.
I miss you!
And I loved your phrasing on this one, too, Kelly. Perfect word play.
Giants in the Super Bowl!!!!
A strange man just calmly took the liberty of telling me i was wrong in rushing to catch a morning train. How humerously vindictive!
talk is from the last chapter of /Generations of Postmemory/ coming out this spring
Such a glorious day today!!! =D
How would you label your personality?
it's going swell. just living the plant life! =)
A1 It is definitely about building relationships with conversation!
Somehow O's win thanks to 2 Markakis hits, 3 RBI and some decent pitching. Home plate umpire was terrible, mgr tossed
"Your habits determine your character"
I take the same view with regard to England. It's a good job I enjoy being right.
Done with vocals going to gondolier for dinner and to hang my Annie poster! Nov 11th and 12th. Come see me perform as Annie!
Someone told me I feel off o I needed that!!!!!!
Eyes Wide Open You Could See , I Had My First Kiss By The Age Of 13
I'm actually not the biggest fan of candy (except Gummy Bears), so I'm probably not the best one to ask about chocolate.
So if the devil wear Prada, Adam Eve wear Nada, I'm in between, but way more fresher
I know ! I'm still cute tho ;)
It's a beautiful breezy day in Indy; there go the allergies.
Hitsquad seniors try to find as many tight pictures for tomorrow put them in a flash drive or e mail them to me
What is up in the world of poker? C'mon now lets get real and get it back where it was!!!
not much lovely u
What month is it? #cleveland....feels like winter
2 people who may or may not have dealt with their issues that ended 1st marriage (it takes 2 to tango). cont'd
Elegance For Less !!! Up to 65% off!!! FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Decorated ma whole room , in bed now thinking what else I could do !!!
No further progress on the A's moving to San Jose?! What a shock! It's almost like the man in charge doesn't want any progress to be made!
I was the one who had the balls to get out of that unhealthy relationship
OMG RANDY AIRBALL!
you should switch to Bing instead...
"We get calls of parents in tears from STL County because they can't attend our school." - City Garden's Christie Huck
good afternoon my brotha
#ThoughtsWhileRunning How Do I Look In From The Back
Wukane Road Trip?
is that your stuff #excellent!
Girls with orange skin are the best
choir spring concert tonight. wish us luck guys. :)
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for: it is a thing to be achieved.
I understand that, but tech doesn't throw ball period..& he was behind demaryius Thomas for a while.He was not getting the ball
“A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change.”~James Levine
#Detroit #MFBP :: Is more then a #Lifestyle , It's a
RT.PLEASE RT Im looking for you i need help!can u tell someone to come buy a Honda from me I NEED the #business Amazingdeals
i think i have a concussion....... Note To Self: do NOT hit a ball off your head like a with a BASKETBALL 10 times.....
powerful words
On this eve of destruction baby hollowed be our name this hell is where we hide Drown with a lost soul and maybe
that is so cute!!
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON,DC--> July 1st -July 7th,2012! Stay tuned! Follow back! #RT!
Awake since 3:30am - I see an afternoon nap in my future.
#zachgalifianakis and #willferrell can't go wrong!
Reasonably confident that I won't be liable for teen who got henna tattoo on her lower abdomen that reads "Bitch"
we definitely need a US panel on
I like Elvis. But I also really like your priorities. Well done Chelsea.
So simple and yet so delicious: Flounder with treviso, brown butter and lemon
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back!!!
I love uggie
A once in a lifetime meal at Prado restaurant! Authentic10-course 1st class #Titanic dinner followed by exhibit visit....
Infinite Spirits Inc., distiller of fine spirits and Shakers #Vodka, has filed a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition.
Have you ever seen the sky before a tornado?
I love you.
The only place I ever experienced this was while I lived in NYC many years ago. It is unpleasant and intimidating.
I thought QuikFlix would be a great name for Netflix's other half; too bad there's QuiCkflix in Australia.
hey buddy! long time no talk! how u ben?
Workin on a fractured toe <<<
Yeah, he did...RT Totally just experienced my first earthquake while sitting in the Residence Inn. It was everything I imagined
Does reading The Watchmen and being excited about getting a multimeter make me a nerd fantasy?
but as far as an equivalent for showing off body parts, arms+chest with a well-fitting shirt is think is closest
RT : Good luck to the MS4s tomorrow. It was only a year ago that I was walking across McCombs as Dilbert.
I love it for the Grizzlies because it's shorter and cheaper. Indy may have done it if they lost to Orlando and needed a shakeup.
Getting ready for our trip to Ecuador!
Shit can't follow back i need 2000 followers
check out the video titled "Wrap that junk up"
We're counting on you to be on twitter during the French Open. Don't let us down! ;-)
Lets just get this week over with. Please. I can't take it much longer. #hurryupsummer 😁☀🏊👙
Listen to the Jake and Kyle Show tonight @ 9 pst on www.wolfpackradio.org
YEEEAAAAHHHH OH AND IM PERFORMING JUNE 1 AT PSU!!!
Started great, went to terrible, to fun, to chill! to NOW!
My palms are sweaty. Like a first date. And ive got butterflies
Toledo! It's a great night to see (and buy) art! Gallery Loop runs through 10 pm. I'm at St Clair & Lafayette, swing by for a free kazoo!
@ terroir. Summer of riesling!
One bad teacher does not spoil the whole bunch.
checked out trinos on yelp. Strong drinks. All I need to know.
“: Vaya siesta”a la q vas o de la que vienes ??
about to get my eyes right in about half an hour.. fall through around 1 if your trying to do the same
Insanity=doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results
because music is a part of who we are!
Dr. J. - always keepin&#39; us photo shoot fresh!
Finally got a chance to see the avengers. Very curious to see how they'll plot to the sequel. Also, Tony Stark = Rick Hunter.
...that may be one of the most wonderful things anyone has ever said to me. No joke.
50 SOUNDS SO OLD BUT IT'S NOT - 50 (san francisco) www.haroldmiller4mayor.com
it was the cutest 💙
It's about to be survival of the fittest right now.
Do any of your campuses publish April Fool's Day editions? How do they handle the responsibility of satire?
Love the live tweeting. U r an extraordinary multi-tasker! Sheriff is done w/investigation. RETURN TEACHERS TO #MIRAMONTE!
comics are about fantasies of superiority over sexual insecurity and death, so... there probably aren't any. I'll try to think of 1!
What's your go to food when you are feeling stressed?
#WhatIMissMost my best friend
Finishing up my latest video/ super nintendo & ??? EightysWorld2
New song tonight
hi niall , let's go eat some Chipotle .
WHAT DO YOU MEAN THERE'S NO SANTA CLAUS?!
Chill day.
I haven't known what day of the week it is for quite some time now.
Today we’re celebrating #CommunityAction with Please RT, thanks!
": *kisses*" you working tonight right :)
VNSO CLOSED the pump is broken. They are unsure when they will reopen. We will have an update on Tuesday. Sorry about the short notice.
Seriously great night. Much needed.
else's leadership can amount to lebrons
Katy Perry "the one who got away" i know someone who lived the video soo sad:(mayheRIP
well it's definitely a huge advantage. But you have Jose who speaks perfect español.. Everything in our company is new now.
#ForrestGump with #TomHanks get me crying at the end every time
Great interviews with & more at the event today!
Made 's buttered crouton salad w/avocado &smoked salmon for lunch (but dbled the avocado--bc life is short & needs more avocado.
Watz da use of building somethin wit somebody if u aint tryna make it last!!!....
ah life, im loving it
whats up bro your music is sick man huge fan..cant wait till sept 20
a friend, nosy..... ;) but seriously you'd find out if you wanted to help me get him to follow me. What ya say??
I am finally here time to. Really work.
Getting weird with
I'm so proud of you! :)
since when did Staff Retreats mean 10 hours of meetings?
Trying to negotiate my cable/internet bill today - wish me luck!
Cab driver bitching about mifflin
Knock him out Lebron
just saw the show! Good stuff! Lolled a bunch
I love softball :)
R U ready
Rain sucks
#Brewers improve to 14-18, which means they can lose tomorrow and Sunday and be 14-20, just like last year!! Nah..let's win em both!!
"The Law of Win/Win says, Let's not do it your way or my way; let's do it the best way."- Anderson
thanks for the RT! :)
just stalked you since I saw you added me. random fact - Nora Roberts is my bro-in-law's aunt. I've been to her house lol
What should I eat tonight?
Everyone, just wanted to let you know is the world.
I kind of need pants help.
So I get to rep and at #warpedtour . Get fucking ready!
I hear I hear the Ice Cream Truck... Aaayyyeee!!! Vanilla/hotFudge/sprinkles.... M
don't miss all those meetings. Beer time :)
Glad I didn't let Tali die in ME2 because watching her suicide off a cliff in ME3 really made me laugh a lot, I bet that was Hepler's idea.
In still other news, did I mention I get to direct Kia Corthron's BREATH BOOM this fall? Honored by the opportunity.
thank you all!
Please knicks, let's not break record for longest playoff losing streak.....
The heap of yams you will reap depends upon the number of mounds you have plowed. ~Nigerian Proverb
Wow. Maybe well. Zip my lips.
Ha! GRRM's never further than two degrees if there're multiple lovable characters who die... or alt-spelled slang words.
Worst phone, I can't even send the text I wanna send
I just saw your reply to my rise again and my response is EXACTLY!
I feel like I'm being judged
Thanks for the RT
Here the season that niggas get on ya Nerves... La La La La La La!!!!
Contract work for local publication tonight. Their videos are impossibly dry and painful to watch let alone edit.
The Ghost Inside stepped it up yet again with their new record. Listening through a second time now & I want to go Hulk crazy
#Denver! Come see a screening of our new short film "Cut 83!" on 9/24 at the Oriental Theater! Part of the comedy show!
she's using database $ to cover it, which means no Morningstar for 1 yr (because they're ceasing paper publication)
Greatness usually lies just beyond fatigue.
Oh I fully intend to have them at my wedding!!
oh ok i guess thats a good thing
Cohen family dinner watching videos of the div when she was 4
Rosie where U guys going
“: I feel like Im interested in you. Hm.. ” you're interested in everyone. Hm..
Watching Get Hit ti the Greek.
damn this nigga blockin the whole Chicago with his gay ass
St.John Property's Daniel Thomas is introducing Peter Linneman here at UB. #real estate
House music always puts me in a better mood (:
For saying you are glad we are back. hehehe!
RT : We should totally bring out our FA Cup and do laps around the stadium if we lose this.
Steak on the grill, red wine, family and the #nyrangers game. A good night. (Of course, a win would ensure that it stays a good night.)
where did you go?
I'm willing
Yes. God. Feel the hate coursing through you. Los Angeles grows strong on your hate.
careful don't hit your head falling asleep
if you dont speak english i wont follow you
Great job participants! Kate Smith is the woman pictured. Congratulations , , and , you have won!
this beeping smoke detector is testing my patience.
was a performer a few years ago at the annual Young Artist Awards show and was fantastic.
": Mayweather.. Knock out in the 7th"~We shall see good brother. It may be sooner than that...
Starting a tradition of TRUE Brotherhood at American University. Do you know any students who exemplify our seven core values?
We are headed several places this year.. Israel, Croatia, Dubai, Cuba, Abu Dhabi and more! You must be so excited to travel!
Thank you sir we are looking forward to having you in the gym
What's the surprise? It's a great game.
And we have an A-Team headed to Austin this morning to give the best Travis HS coverage you can find.
i need more than 140 characters to explain how bad the Nets are w no center. poor deron williams. i shouldve gone to the hawks game tomorrow
My Prayers R With Your Family
Awkward moment when someone who hates dancing is a better dancer than you. You know who I'm talking about;)
Saggy boobies make me sick. Lol
Easiest way to lose a good friend.. Knock him out in 3rd place.. Easiest way to make a friend act like a bitch,knock him out 3 times in 3rd!
Sorry about that! You should be able to choose one of the available microphones when you start recording.
Can't wait to delve into the 2nd #HungerGames book.
im trying but in charotte
So Oprah confess that OWN Network was not ready 2 launch #smallbusiness guess we all make mistakes .... learn from it! Never stop dreaming!
Content is what will drive traffic to your website. It's what people search for online.What type of content will you provide?
Jesus I love the paranormal. <3
well never believe you wont go! you will when you're older! :)
Gorgeous baby your gorgeous! <3 [:
!! Use Pick Resistant Locks-because anyone can learn to pick traditional locks - Call us 24/7 @ (503) 241-4922 for a free quote
I like what u had 2 say ....dream....and put your all into it....think outside the box
Can I send Ted Thompson a cookie basket!?
"TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft.DMX,DANI STEVENSON & Produced By 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.ON ITUNES NOW.VIDEO ON YOUTUBE.@ radio now
#ShoutOut to my new followers. I'll give the individual shoutouts when I get to a cpu
babe...I love it!! SWV are back folks!!..Got my copy!!
My phone sucks because it freezes too much.:/
Looking forward to chatting w this wknd about a hot horror collab! Excited about the possibilities!
Johnnie Walker Green and Gold Labels are being phased out for Gold Label Reserve with no age statement and Platinum Label,18-year-old blend.
I can't stand when nobody texts me.
": I got locked inside my house ... Only GloZell" happened to me two days ago...
one rounders are easier to judge, and its unlimited.so they can get the.same amount of material in.
fav quote "First of all we need to move Snoop Dogg to my table"
#raw10 youre Gheto if yor whole Cd/DvD colectin is Bootleg. u cant tell what is what bcause the disc top is blank!
My twitter app sucks
How about Friday?
hey mike, every time you show the game winner from game 1, there's a lady flipping double birds behind the glass. Hilarious!
A good friend will help you plant your tulips. A great friend will help you plant a gun on the unarmed intruder you just shot.
Thanks for attending! See you again son! :)
Who DOESN'T like HP?! :D Are you a fan of the movies, the books, or both?
#SometimesItsEasier as soon as you embrace the fact that anything worth having takes hard work, true grit and perserverence
See you tomorrow for the opening market!
Good morning Fort Wayne. May is finally here! What are you looking forward to this month?
I'll take your second Pottermore account!
So hungry I want to eat EVERYTHING
JUNE AND JULY ARE GONNA BE BANANAS!!! BOOM!BAM!POW!
Using my pint glass right now for a beer! Thanks for handing them out at RubyOnAles... and cheers!
People will talk down on you because you are willing to work harder at your dreams than they will for theirs .......
I suspect a hidden political message with the blue/red salted/unsalted butter conundrum.
Heal the City, City wide march this July to prevent youth violence and promote peace
I like games, but I refuse to ever make one because it is only useful in a limited sense. What major problem did WoW solve?
wait , where are you sitting at ?
appreciates you actually reading the doc to get some tangibles, thanks!
Excited for #iste12 along w/the rest of the team. Who else is going? Great oppty to see in action.
GP. curious what you mean by working? Seeing procees improvements internally or othwerwise?
What has this world come to?
went to lecture at Harvard GSD tonight: "Technology and Serendipity: Stumbling in the City". Moses v Jacobs redux?
What do you have when you have two balls in your hands? A man's undivided attention.
Indian Hindu chanting at the #Oscars... LOL! Just, lol!
she moved because we will have a sub monday and start new lesson thursday :)
There's a nice little line to get in the golf course again tonight. The course's themselves don't look very crowded.
I can't now im on my phone maybe later sorry bye
Foreign buyers scooping up U.S. homes - null
should have your own Under Armor Duck Dynasty clothing line
I hate that I pay a premium to buy healthy food. Dried fruit costs more than donuts.
Mourn the cubs loss with a bowl of soup and a hot sandwich....? We're here til seven
,Hi Followback,You My Inpiration,For Me You Is My Dream Please Followback Me!!!!
Interesting topic. I'm sure the answer lies somewhere in the middle.
I think I'll have to dive in.
fucking hope the website dies you pieces of shit.
yah, I'm partial to the old Brit too:)
Man why is everyone fallin in love wit dese dirty ass niggas..loo
well going to lay down someone text me.. night.. have a blessed sleep
I will announce it
not sure when you wrote this. Of course you can share anything!
so you just go ignore my last tweet to you huh you Disgruntled Heat Fan
Trying really hard to love , but they're making it SUPER difficult. Im tired of your stupid marketing ploy cars :(
#ScottSimmerman heads to Mumbai to present The Search for The Lost Dutchman's Gold Mine and the #SquareWheels cartoons for
I danced, I sang, I drank.
Last night, waiter called me a "f*cking bitch" for asking for a split bill, said not our SERVER'S job to know what we ordered
Been contemplating the importance of personal brand mgmt, especially for new consultants
Watching Ellen!! Justin and Carly are gonna come on!!!
come on.......got some traces for you.
Good luck ameezy.
This thong is really bothering me
Ppl like to keep secrets so in turn I don't listen to shit they have to say,keep all the shit for someone who cares
Think i'll do a little pre-bed reading. Watch out Waldo, you're about to be found!
A big bowl of yummy, creamy Noosa yogurt. Have you tried it? Delish.
Happy birthday :)
gosh!they both feel guilty about the things they've done to each other. I think it's about time to forgive each other
Sometimes using cost per use data is effective when negotiating subscription prices. Especially when you start by cancelling
T4: That's a tough one. More customers = more concerns to account for before making changes.
you have to text. it's a rule.
RT : I have to straighten up the house before the maids come.
yeah but I get distracted easily
no limits
Ooh right! Bet he misses home though! :)
you play online, association, exhibition??
Last visit before Spring Training. Ready. To. Crush.
Eastside - houghton and escalante. More house for the money and better views but longer commute.
will do :)
just pumped the crap out of my pecs. Now what? they went from b cups to c's. why don't i have a webcam?
Block party show this Sunday on 2nd and Bainbridge. Your invited.
Maybe you shouldn't look at me that way...
It's official! #RITHockey Tigers face Umass Lowell River Hawks in season opener for #RITBrickCity @ Blue Cross Arena. Oct 16, 2010!
- Stephen- Been using it for 2 years, but now think user adoption has doubled- they need to increase bandwidth
I honestly don't care anymore...
Your Saturday Night isn't complete without dinner out on the town! Make it a Grazie night: 305.673.1312.
Just heard my waiter ask the manager if I could sub the smoked salmon, for "some yoga girl." smh
thanks for the support!
me too. I don't burn, I get darker.
what you wan t lmao?
Found my gameboy
excellent weather in Pittsburgh.. but I can't fight the urge to ski. Anyone know of any good deals in the Pocono Mts??
Just reactivated my Genbook account, so I can book massage clients online.
que rico
That was some Asik defense Chicago.
but...I didn't think they had legs...more snake-like.
Log on to e2on air Lawman is now interviewing Etana (The Strong One)
Tis a pleasure W. & #Outsider is just that #good. :O)
I'm so sleeepyyyy 😞
I need you to patch your friendship up because there can't be division in the Nation!
I Think This My Song . .
Can't remember the title of the book I use, but there are some great ones that show kid friendly yoga poses
Trent-mania is underway in #Ctown!
You're welcome! :-)
Rest in Peace Maurice Sendak...you have inspired many young readers!
Watch me on KTLA discussing all things Murray. Not near a t.v.? Watch KTLA.com
o. nice soundboard!
good morning Vi! Thank you for coming on the boat. You were awesome.
Be BOLD to Live a life of your own. Be CONFIDENT to pull off anything. Be GRATEFUL for Everything. And Keep Doin YOU!!.
yeah, I like smaller ones too. This will be my first annual. Have to go for emerging leaders stuff.
Define Decent? In N Out? RT : I would quit Facebook for a decent cheeseburger, if anybody wants to make an offer
Thanks I just posted the position.
That thang gorgeous
1 page equals (roughly) 2 minutes. unless you speak really quickly... like me.
Winnipeg has Jets too? What sport? In America, the Jets are a New York City football team. A pretty decent one at that.
that mets/phils game last night, huh?
you cave me butterflies at the mailbox <3
I hate the NBA as much as the next guy but the playoffs are great TV
Cannot believe it's been a year since the disaster in #Japan - have we learned enough from the tragedy?
You have to get your boy Mark Lyons out to Arizona.. #BearDown Show him what AZ life is about..
The last episode had me laughing and crying. I love that show. Except for Dev. He can die.
I was serious! It's hawt 🔥😍
New career goal: Open a wine bar next to a high-end kitchen shop called "Sous la Table".
Let's go Bash!!! At the #MononBell debate and ready to hear our Wabash students defeat DePauw.
Check out our website --> www.skinfolkmovie.com
since everyone is starting to wear TOMS
I shouldn't. I want to. Mac & cheese is so unappealing.
Actually just deleted the app RT Hey, you guys remember Draw Something? That was a fun month.
tweet somethinq fast dont wanna be caught....
After watching : The secret isn't making smart parts smarter. It's about making the dumb parts irrelevant.
watching your video at 1am and your book just summited my must read list. Killin' it!
wants the cute hello kitty spoons from yogurt land :(
5 days left!
Lol! Love you too.
RT Murder of #TrayvonMartin is part of a broader trend of systemic violence against people of color in America <Over 500yrs>
Always amazes me when a best friend stops talking when they get a new bf cus they make him their life.
Females With Dimples :]-}
Zelo is yummy! Go there for a nice dinner while at
Thanks a lot Titans. There goes NFL survivor. squeaked out another week on college survivor with the last minute LSU win
nigga !! if you don't get out ima beat your ass!!! lol jk jk xD but seriously get out so we can take some pics hahahahahahah
The pleasure (and the goose bumps) were all ours! Thank YOU.Much love & light, xo
Research Reveals Five Priorities for Order-to-Cash Performance...
I am new to the whole twitter thing! Thank you for following me! Hopefully I can get many more followers in the future. :o)
Thanks for the Tweetvitation! ;)
Im sorry....did kurt and Blaine just get in a fight? Unacceptable.
Thank you!!! RT : great tweets
Did you know Apple sold more iPhones in the quarter that ended in December than there were babies being born around the world?
Quote from Gramsci achieves quote of the day status on corporate workplace's website.
Wonderful feeling. Wonderful day. “: 💤ippidee-do-da, 💤ippideeay, my-o-my what a Mother's Day.. #zipline”
At least we don't have to look at Jamie Dixon's hair for the rest of the season.
A fucked up childhood Is why the way I am, it's got me in a state where I don't give a damn- MC 8
Now on the edge of my seat for the last 5 laps
Remember when I was married to Lee Taemin? haha neither do I..
When you post a funny status and there’s that one person who ruins it by saying something serious.
Lawd, why do they make airport seats so uncomfortable? Of course, working on 3 hours sleep tends to make everything uncomfortable.
*look RT : You hang around with trash long enough, you begin to talk like it.
Sharing office space w/ someone that listens to death metal -
FRESH BAKED BLUEBERRY SCONES! HAPPY SATURDAY!
You make your own world.
Am I damn lobster? No? Then turn down the heat
*hangs head in shame*
Food Dude asks that everyone keeps #theduranfamily in their prayers. They lost a daughter and their home to a fire in Tahoka last week.
I had a dream about and Steven- it was a fictional version of your love story but it involved swords. Very princess bridey
If you received an email check the subject line. That should have the ticket number there.
In Rwanda, 45% of all girls have lost at least one parent.
Drifting apart.....
One Time then BoyFriend :‘] <3
“A book is proof that humans are capable of working magic.” ~ Carl Sagan
Signed up for Battle of the Books at township library. Looking forward to re-reading Tales of a 4th Grade Nothing by
“The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.” - PAUL VALERY
Isn't life great?
High as shiiiit
Who would you take if you won $100 to one of Boston's best restaurants?
They even play it in-game
Laying poolside, listening to John Mayer, while studying for my anatomy test tonite!
“: Anybody else having their Ed Hochuli show interrupted by a football game?” um, yes!
You two look Awesome and so happy. Have a long life together.
What is the point of trying to paint someone a violent criminal when you have no idea who you're insulting
I have final exams that following week so it would have to be afterwards.
Your sister is "on it", the Sharks are a Puerto Rican gang in Westside Story, and Jay may be afraid of me right now...
oh nah
Dear Twitter, Would you please stop unfollowing my dear followers?! I didn't give you permission to do that. Quit it. Thanks, Anna.
It is truly amazing to understand the impact you can have on someone. I wish everyone an impactful day!
I love your songs! <33
You're not the only one.
I know you will dwell on those words you said to me!
I'll stick w/Grover's Alpine Express coaster! ;-) RT : Glad you liked riding #Verbolten, Tracie!
“: need u to slide by #FirstFriday my birthday bash” I'll be there!!
My player is killing us
I embarrassed myself during gym. It's okay doe.
RT : Union Carbide's Silicone Spray Lubricant? THATS THE WINNER FOLKS, CONGRATULATIONS SLURPEE FAN
So glad to be out of that hell hole!!!
I like the L.A. Jams! Shorts, bad traffic, delicious fruit spread, musical wankery. Oh yeah, and tackling.
WOW something always up with subways food. Get Well
Congratulations on the new TBS gig. You can take the monkey off your back now.
My band family member, George Arnold Passed away this week. Please pray for family healing in this loss. He was very talented and kind.
All of is my FAVORITE! It's hard to choose just one!
Anyone catch the Michael Buble Christmas Duets sketch on SNL this past weekend? If not, go watch! Some really great musician impressions!
I still can't believe that derek died!
haha! Love that song!“: Every time I hear 'Love you like a lovesong' I think of you now haha
My cousin is back from Coachella! I can hear her high heels and shit.
you are very funny , Follow me ?
I Listen To It EveryDaay!!!!!!<3
That's so cute!
Hats off to you for the RT. Glad to see you've accepted the #CovertTU mission. Stay tuned for clues to the password.
Thanks for the RT!
Wikipedia finally got the seasons correct for iCarly. Now what was seasons two and three is now two and the last season was three.
I cant help what I've BECOME...
My dog is purring -__-
I admire going almost 9 months in heels during her pregnancy! I can't even make it 2 hours before my feet start hurting!
I loved the pic of you with the kids. Very brave. You know me.. There's no way I'd sign up for that!!
thank you! :3
WHAT A WIN!!!! Bing bang boom
Only five days! Get excited!
I need a walking and jogging partner. This old lazy heffa
I'm just sayin' you could do better. Tell me have you hear that lately? -Drake<3 Some people should really take this kind of advice....
really?! We definitely didn't watch the same movie jk
says: All women are angels. If our wings get broken, we just fly around on brooms. We are flexible, after all!
Welcome to P-Town. Too bad you missed the good weather by a couple of days.
Curtis anything I can do? Ever need a ear I am here for ya.
Now that we've recovered from our yummy Chocolate party, we're thinking of a Tweetup at our shop this spring. Who's interested? :-)
going to memorize The Gettysburg Address :)
Good Morning ! Hope all is well
Will consider it. Alums get 50% off on online classes, but not more than 1-2 per year and not in cert progs.
Thanks for the follow! 'Adversity breeds growth'
What did you do tonight? We worked right into the weekend. Now, bed.
Yoga has improved my paralegal practice immensely.
Kickin' Hollywood in the D
Also superior. RT see also: Liverpudlian pronunciation of "book."
yes! CJ made a really bad decision and dumped the ball to Asik and should have keep the ball for the foul.
Where have you been
One fish said to another : " "Do you believe in this ocean they talk about?"
Wish Colorado was on your route. Next time?
looking forward to another brainstorming session. BTW I may have a roofer who will do the work if materials are donated.
Wait, John Stewart was in Big Daddy?
Wild Crowd tonight!! Lets Boogie ON, can we get a Song request?! TWEET IT NOW!!!
I am so pumped for this hockey game who & its only preseason. #letsgohawks!
He's got to make sure what he gets is perfect (:
I liked your 'Pulling Tweets with Python' blog post.
Well what can we do lol but your right about the flopping its just embarassing to watch these days. They need to change it
wanna switch? It's mad hot in mines
this why grandma of all ppl
Some days call for the films.
ball hasn't left the infield and two have scored, let's go
thank u for making our point, CRAZY ;)
Missed the LuLu Lemon Team run today, but appreciated having my runnin partners wait up. Good run....3 more days until RnR 1/2.
I couldn't agree more as my wife and I are finding out with our six week old! Three hours of uninterrupted sleep is good
You know what I broke clean from you I'm happy I got my life on track I needed this (: great night not gonna lie!
what's crackin in H-town on a Sunday night?
But no, that's fine with me. I shut him up my damn self.
I still can't get over the fact that Justin bieber says swagey in boyfriend!
is on pace to hit 270 RBI this season, but we'll settle for 200
Living the dream! thx to our new followers: ‏
Please check out to check out the Vegan movement in St. Louis! Looks good!
Not only must I succeed, others must fail.
I wish my mom would let me have a candle but she wants them all to her self #candleswag.!!! ~ <3
hahahaha that happens to me aaaaalllll the time!
O!!!!! Gave One So Sweet To The Jaw! lol Welcome To #Memphis!!! Go Grizzllies!!!
Big mistake.
Great opportunity to lead the content creation that grows our audience. ThomasNet is hiring a Managing Editor for our Content Group...
baby, I shore do miss you. We's got sun poeming to make up fer.
Congrats to Nuzulita B. from Seattle for winning an autographed mini soccer ball & 2 tix to tomorrow's game vs. LA Galaxy!
aww that's sad!
Oh. haha nice!
Do a scribe's abbreviations change depending on the exemplar used? This is the question I'm pondering today...
lmao I know x).. fine ill make her one and why don't I even add a massage relax her. And I know I do but she can make one for me
FOLLOW MY NEW TWITTER !
Fill in the blank and RT: "My favorite tap song is _____________".
I have officially been creeped on by #megusta ;)
"New research set to be released this week." That's just not responsible journalism.
Address of Plano Sports Authority 2 is 601 Seabrook. Don't use Google for directions/map; you will end up at PSA 1. Please RT!
Happiness is where we find it, but rarely where we seek it. J. Petit Senn
I found out that I have a test today. I need to get my mind together or I'm screwed.
J. Valentine
Honestly probably no one is jealous of you
I have TDA does that work well or should I open an acct at ST? my accountis under 10k
amen dude, amen.
Most teenagers go out and party, but i sit home at night and tweet (;
A name makes no matter to me, as long as I can call you my own.
Read Treatment. Lock down dates to Swim it Out + Sing it Up.
Have you had a good conversation this week?
And how did a negative sounding word -- viral -- become a positive thing?
so proud of us. This is my 2nd win so I got the fingers crossed was really pushing for Weiss tho
i die a little inside everytime someone calls me Brandon instead of Brendan
Trying to figure this site out still :)
You deserve every one of those 1,555 followers, too! Congratulations.
Sullinger = Big Dog Robinson.
Boston should be an awesome opera town.
like straight too much booty in the pants?
A sad soul can kill you quicker than a germ.
I hate getting jealous over someone I'm not with:/
thank u! Blessed by chuck E Cheese himself
lol homework lol I join the seattle team of Tunes for Tots for the Make-A-Wish foundation
It's official! #KnowHowToDance is coming to you 8-26-11. Get it on iTunes
Drake, gotta hunch ;-)?
~ All the world’s a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed. ~
I had a bad dream that got photoshopped out of new posters.........
Do women find eating challenges attractive? I'm thinking no........
Thanks for the kitchen tour, Zuni Cafe! Now I'm even hungrier for your famous chicken.
Time for work... Studying a movie right now;)
Resounding "NO" vote on 's pension proposition at tonight's Central Committee meeting
Sum ppl gne be lyin just to get u to follow them
Very cute and your dog is very gentle with those baby geese.
Being held hostage in my own room. Can I come out yet?!
I'm pretty sure I sai that yesterday.. 😂 hahaha
WHATS UP? LONG TIME! I KNOW UR PEN STILL HOT! LETS DO SOME WORK!
Good am every1. We are open now Stop n 4 breakfast, coffe, and/or a panini togo. Next Fri June 4th: our Cust Appreciation Day. We're Excited
Thank you! RT : Happy Centennial, ! Let's hear it for another 100 years of excellence in education!
he he he jst like me i still listen to it.
Never trust what you don't see with own eyes.
RT : So who is waiting on the edge of their seats for #ALIEN ?
I think the will issue a ban for me from the Peake, as I've only been to the Portland game.
#Yankees trade Montero, their projected DH. Does that mean Prince is on the way? If I'm Scott Boras, I'm calling Brian Cashman
Thanks for the great feedback on Guerrilla Usability session! love your bio on #drupalconsf site!
you're talking about the game show scene later in the movie with that line, aren't you?
Everybody complaining but aren't doing anything to help so I'm gone do me
RT : Still a great season #Aztecs! What an amazing year.
It'd be perfect if it was made from swine.
You are honestly the best person ever!Thanks for giving me advice!I love you ricardo!(:
this whole thing, amendment one, is the precedence toward a slippery slope in the state of nc!!!
#TeamFollowback she follow back
I'm coming back towards end of month we can talk more about it than
Looking for a visual web designer in SF Bay Area doing freelance work. Please get in touch.
Want to be our FEATURED wine of the month? Please send samples to 10531 4S Commons dr #512 San Diego, CA 92127
YES!!!! Do it and don't look back.
#WhenIWas13 tweeting was something only birds did
Please do! I have a few more sets on their way, I'll keep you posted. RT your blog is awesome, can I use your photo...
her cuteness overides the attitude! lol
no!!! Thank you for being swole and making Thursday's worth something!!! RT!
what's going on?
BorderSenses volume 18 will be out in June. We are always amazed by the local talent.
I need to find that spare half hour.. I left it somewhere.
Canada, you have been great to us. Now, time to head to Cleveland, OH to record our full length for the whole month of Feb! GET STOKED.
Summer is here! Yay for warm weather. Sydney b. has a great selection of Splashy Swimwear.
We def bailed on our bill last night at chumleys hahah
Salsa Under the Stars with CHARANGA Del Valle THIS FRIDAY!!! See you there!
thank the lord!!
Two years ago, learned what TJ Maxx was. This year, explained to me Cinco de Mayo. What an NYU education.
I haven't heard anything about Lana Del Rey in a while. That's nice.
Husband leaves for six months in a month. Thought for today: perhaps we should make wills before he leaves.
hm.. seems like the same type of epidemiological bullshit at the red meat study to me...
You dont like me? Then dont sit anywhere near me. Fucking idiot -.-
I jus kinda wish I felt more welcome 🏠
Okay, yes, I have brought rayguns to #QUEST2012. I'll be giving them away at my social media talk at 7:45 am 5/4 Fri. While supplies last!
ha. Thanks
With a chance of storms tonight if you have a chip cover it with packing tape to keep it clean & dry. Don't if chip is in front of driver.
Save as.
thx for the follow!
Good to know! How is the race support? Enough water stations and such?
thanks for the #FF shoutout, Happy Friday to you to!! :)
Bullying Prevention Tip # 7- Develop Student Leaders #schools for peers among kids- students
You're better off without me...
have you gotten 's new e.p. With The Wind on iTunes yet???? if the answer is no than what are you waiting for?? go!
good morning!
thanks in advance, it's really appreciated!
RT : Living: Young✔ Wild✔ Free✔
I just want this school year to be OVER
At long last. The content for the update tomorrow has been marked final! We're getting ready for the update tomorrow morning!
About to watch "Maria Full of Drugs" where are you ?
What is implied nudity and why do I keep getting pics killed for it?
It really pisses me off when people cry in the presence of a famous person. Seriously you should be happy :/
Given the hour, what's there to be learned from the bottom of a beer bottle?
Loving it... "relentless on his serves"! #wimbeldon #roddick! Serve Baby Serve!
My Teacher Is Going To Get So Pissed Cuz I Didnt Go To School Oh Well Beauty School Can Wait I Can Have One Day Of Fun Or Mayby More Lol
Leo the Lion is getting drunk tonight! WooHoo!
Tao Lin (): his dry, unpracticed delivery = riveting. "I didn't expect that to feel like that, he said."
Hoho don't make me laugh with your random face. IDLT, u know !
after that game, i'm convinced the sixers can beat the heat and the western conference champion.
I want that!
Coolest kickoff I've ever seen. Hit off the goalpost and landed on the 20.
oops, never mind. sign wrong in my eval function. That's better...
One great year. You're going to have tons of fun and you'll still see all your friends. No worries :)
Creativity, spontaneity and keeping things fresh / or is it A.D.H.D!?!? - Seize the day.
Refresh the page & restart the memories, respark the soul & rebuild the energy.
BOYCOTT - TAMRON LENSES - they do not honor their warranties. Customer service stinks. They just don't care! I've never been so screwed!
Fellow O'Connor, I misread your tweet and just thought #Doc had perished. Phew. To your point: I know, right?
check your DM c:
Spent time with #Family today ^.^ it was fun(: hope to have more days like that in the future :D
is this the first final? The last? somewhere in the middle?
should I stay or should I go now
Take time to get started!
i did send it you add me!!! my name is dskater98
..... What does OCTMS stand for?
I would love it if started following me #Please ? :)
#thevoice AMAZING!!! The performance of a lifetime!!! Thank you!!!
And we're off!
Follow and #pandaAI today (now!) for fascinating tweets on process of artificially inseminating pandas! Wow!
#Facebook is ready to launch its #IPO road show as early as Monday, The stock could start trading as early as May 16 - 17, 2012.
I'm either making money or spending it
Did I mention that those deals start TODAY!!?????
Lies lies lies lies nd more lies !
It Hasn't Came Through. Did U Block Me??
Thanks for the follow. We dig Origami, of course. Hope you're doing well.
Up n ready to get this day started only to go to work n get it over with.....
motorcycle school..just got done with 3 1/2 hrs of riding in a parking lot.. So fun!
If George Bush referred to the Falkland Islands as the "Maldives," I think we'd be hearing more about it.
RT : Love put twitter handle on his glove. Omar Vizquel put mailing address on his.
Watching Man Of The House makes me miss Texas!
"Q-cumbers" that's how cool people spell it..HAHAHA.
#SOTU #Obama says: Not going back to where insurance companies can cancel your insurance policies or treat women differently than men
Need a good #yoga DVD that helps with strength. Any suggestions?
Excited to be your VIP Guest #TrunkShow in Charlotte
Looking forward to seeing you all at #astd2012! Feel free to tweet us any questions about our fine city! You are our guests.
I think this is your best tweet ever. Thank you.
it's all i can do to resist bellowing "wine-dark sea!" and some Whitman right in the middle of class -
Tryna Watch Godfather I, II, & I Tonight Till Morning...🎬
Where are you from ?
please notice me one time (: thanks .
I spent 20 minutes doing Elliptical- 260. 260 calories burned.
Big stuff. Also, lots of stuff. :-D
Haters still think of Cody as the 12 year old with the high voice. That was 2009. It's 2012. He grew up. Maybe you should too
hate to tell you this, but Mufasa still dies
1400 of you are probably wondering who this MealPop character is. You used to know us as Bigstove, now we're Mealpop. Same company, new name
I gotta go pee O.o
The lamby cake has been sacrificed
Thanks for the stat Kay. Jerk.
Oh no! I haven't tried it myself yet, but I keep reading positive things about catnip oil repelling those bitey li'l critters.
Hey anyone who likes chocolate ranks high in my book! LOL
YES Giants. And Eli scrambled!
I like Richard Marshall of Carolina who is a player on the rise and a year younger than Washington
never imagined one could love a phone so much
Ripp'n up an acoustic set live on the radio!
Thanks to all participants in today's Mobile showcase! If you have questions about myCampus Mobile, email
I think I'm living in a state of irony.
U silly!
full. The car is doing great
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist. ~Oscar Wilde
don't forget!! prints & patterns 20% off today!! we open at 10am!! xo
Why do they boy put question marks at the end of their tweet?
thanks so much nina!!! :))
Follow Bro
It's so nice outside.. I can't believe I've wasted most of my day inside today!
#excused #itsatvshow live tweeting in CST. Pick the blonde skaky one!
really?!! I will totally take them--been dying to see new ballpark :)
Last day of school....Yahoo
Rain Rain go away, I want to spank the Yanks today.
Got a link? Would love to hear some new ish from dose nuckle heads.
Taco night isnt the same without
's username >
Nothing pisses me off more than seeing you during this period -_______-
Happy Mothers Day Ladies =)
May your house always be too small to hold all of your friends. Happy St. Patrick's! (I'll be having the Smithwick's)
Yeah my moms still making up her mind. If I don't get to go I'll spend the day crying!!
its cause your to cool walkin with your basketball guys and im just like oh man watch out lol
Don't forget to fill a sturdy bag w/ a few non-perishable food items and leave it out for your letter carrier - is tomorrow!
well just let me know. Your always welcomed.
The work you do "off the job" often times determines how far you will go in your career.
shout out to mee:D♥
well its in the nitherlands and my family owns it. I was just wondering lol
Enjoying the BEST that Indy has to offer !!!
You can't hide from me. I know what you look like...mwahahaha.
You're funny! I enjoyed your humor and insights last night.
Congrats you won a shirt! Follow us and we'll send you a direct message on how to claim your shirt.
off to Amman, Jordan!
Worse. Dance move for Might have blown out my ACL.
Yay for local repair centers! Not only do they have awesome cats, but they can do repairs within estimate, so not totaling of car!
if anyone was drunk it was probably you. And I recall meeting you when I was outside in the lounge area. Plus I drove to Mekka
Nice to meet everyone's acquaintance!
I hate tweeting quotes on here cuz I feel like a stereotypical girl but dammit that's a good one
I can't because of the giant thing between us that some call an ocean. I call it a dream crusher. :( x
Yeah, you should follow me! What other shows do you watch?
Thanks for the recent RT!
...And tomorrow night, we're having another F451 discussion for those interested in getting more outta the book.
LOL. That's a celebrity that said we could get married :P
if your bored right now, come to the channel and hang out! Its to hot to be in my room so I'm just hanging out down here haha
LOL! good luck with that!
can't wait for #BELIEVE I know it's gonna be amazing!
“An experience is much more powerful then a belief. I give people experiences" Love it-exactly how we're teaching music in NYC!
Every saint has a past every sinner has a future
I guess I don't mind the #Packers picking Worthy. Better go DB next round
Idk even what I just retweeted
Here's a link to the Marshmallow Experiment for anyone who's interested. Thx for RT! :)
Take your mind off your troubles.... free jazz (and coffee!) today 1-3PM at the Library with the Tony Costa Trio!
Henderson: #ESEA establishes a floor for accountability and states are welcome to exceed that.
why was i the only one who didnt feel the #earthquake?...that sucks bring another!! lol jk
okay :D
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there. Always cherish the time you have with you Mom. I miss mine every day. Love you Mom!
Word to the wise..never drink a whole monster on an empty stomach 😖 ugh
dammit, you blew my cover.
yellow tulips buffeted white, north bank of the James River leafy tree tops dusted, March snow in Richmond
Thanks so much for the Sweet reTweet!
We do. And apples are veggies...mostly.
Applied Science with a specialization in Physical Therapy!
that should be a Go right??
Party Powders Amsterdam Laughing Gas Brazil | London, Uk » Best ...
- facetime with you >> 
"If two people are meant to be together, eventually they'll find their way back."
good morning! :)
Just to be clear, and I are not related :)
please follow she is you biggest fan!35
We look forward to the Dedication of the Center for Science and the Arts at Brentwood Christian School on October 1st. Will you be there?
Unexpected day off tomorrow. Clients rescheduled for other times and I'm excited! Finally I can get other stuff done!
Check out
Got money? And you know it? Take it out yo pocket and put that shit str8 in the bank cuz lil wayne is irresponsible as fuck!
Really missing my beautiful wife!
I love you mommy more than anything, I honestly couldnt ask for a better family <3
Agreed. It was beautiful this morning!
trying to write some comments on whether historians consider born digital materials to be adequate sources. complicated!
Not in terms of reporters competing to see who's the biggest fan. Just you wait, you'll see I'm right one day.
I surprise myself all the time in my house. And every time I accidentally shoot myself in response.
i still get nerves from the barest hint of interpersonal tension, even when it is abt smthg stupid, I saw it coming, and prepped what to say
In other words, take risk.
No i feel bad. ima just take food
thank you for having us here!
Loving the new #Twitter integration in
How ridiculous is it when people don't look like their names? Gah.
yeah, i was surprised when i found it.lmao
I want to thank my mother for keeping me fed clothed and sheltered as a child.She was overprotective as hell,but now I understand.
Dallas does move the ball well, one of the best to do it in the league
YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH. I'm calling HB.
groupie love is the best kind
aw thanks Danube :)
Hey Nick! I have soccer playoffs tonight, but I'm injured so I might not play:( Wish us luck anyways?<33
Ik I only got 15 days of school left then im free for summer lol:)
RT : Some body text me<---text
Got a 76 on my chemistry final ... Shidd i still passed ! lol
hahah but I bet you really do be smashing I won't go past 90 what's your fastest mph?
In it the reader hears a single voice speaking clearly as a teacher to a disciple.
All links posted today will focus on the home based #smallbiz. All questions and comments are welcomed!
It's not quite that bad. I honestly think this students doesn't realize the implications of what s/he wrote.
Hello to one of our newest followers, ! Thanks for following and we look forward to reading!
Let's go Tigers
I wish you were here to celebrate some #smallvictories with me!v :) Enjoy your day off!
I don't want to study anymore 😭
#IntelWhatAboutMe :D i'm a gamer
Let em follow up
Trapped in this room for the next 3 hours folding t-shirts......
wahh Barbie Diamond Castle is a TT?! I Love this movie *__* <3
Well after Davenport you will be ready for Cedar Rapids, and then on to Des Moines...good luck my friend!
Shout out to my dad in Japan for working so hard to provide for his family. My future husband has got some BIG shoes to fill.
how come ur not in the new g.i joe
oh kniffens my aclab i see that everyday. that sucks ://
What happened?!
Yeah, I wish I could meet them lol and do a song with em :]
What goes around comes around!
“: Anyone want a S/O? (:”why not me cousin
Good luck! RT : Big day! #UMSymposium starts soon... #UMiami (@ Robert And Judi Prokop Newman Alumni Center)...
- let's see how many global RT's we can amass! TY,
well since I'm about 2200 miles away, and won't get to try a TOstick, can you tell me if the feel is like the x60??
My 3 year old niece just called me and said " coming to my party too." She cracks me up♥ she calls him biebers♥
actually, gonna be setting up a band camp too. But yes, YouTube and soundcloud as well.
New Jersey (South)- need females to model swimsuits and lingerie. No nudity. Pay is 50 dollars/hr (Casting Code B3)
going to the mountains for a long weekend in t minus 15 minutes
Desperating can't wait to put my toes in the Pacific Ocean. Too long to be away from my coast. You can't take CA our of the girl!
Go go Sandra! Speak for ALL of us who use or need contraception at some point in our life! Healthy&planned pregnancies!
Jonah Hill is nominated for an Oscar, wow
Playing KZ3 dishing out my own brand of justice
its all about research and development lol
heading off on our big road trip soon, follow for the blow-by-blow
just gone done helping my mom with the garden
#AWESOME! RT : Yep, those r indeed #threewordstoliveby #justdoit. We'll be cheering u all the way to race day!
So what did everyone get??
love black jelly beans.
I was once cruel to a boyfriend by telling him the ending of Moby Dick, which he was currently reading. Writers are weird.
Sadly, yes, no more Seven. But it was totally cool while it lasted. Great memories with new friends, like you guys.
RT : Amazing party today! I am so glad I got some photos that really capture what genius you do:...
MT : - I'd pay money for video of or doing the dougie. [alternate revenue stream?]
Don Draper giving moral advice? What show am I even watching. #madmen... ?
yeah and then I have my own party outside...by myself...until like 4 or 5 in the morning...de pinga -_-
Conform ---> Perform: Before you can live at the edge...you must prove to your world that you can excel in the regular world!
ok I unfollowed, then followed again
Carry your own, hold your own, and stand on your own. 💪
I HATE BEING SICK!
I'll find it. The book is packed away. My dad has his copy though. Almost 80 and still a CAD guy!
Frank Robinson would've strung him up! RT : Lawrie suspended four games and fined undisclosed amount.
Dear Word: Tumblr, Mashable and Googling are all words that use and yes, you can add them to your dictionary.
Wait why am I staying after school tomorrow if he's not coming?
Yum! I hope you have some Viognier in there b/c they both do lovely ones.
": Man I need my hair done.."
I hate when chicks have to wear make -up to look pretty. That suck for them. im glad guys dont have to wear it lol
Close your eyes & create the hologram as perfectly as you can.Fill the holes with light,and change the darkness in the next hologram to lite
Looking forward to meeting this afternoon w/ !
So Santorum gets Iowa, Romney New Hampshire and the nets are calling South Carolina for Gingrich. Just keeps getting more interesting.
yeah this day will turn around for u in just a sec aimes123
Atta boy Dez! You got more to come bro
are in kidding? You need to contact me directly. I'll just let social media take care of
I'm good, thanks. Just becoming flabbergasted at some old files I'm finding on the server. Sorry about the car battery!
u didn't win me over yet but ur still in the fight for my vote.
#yes I am wats my peoples
love ya girl!!!
💢💣💢BOOM *Rihanna Voice*
"I wanna run through the halls of my high school. I wanna scream at the top of my lungs."
Have you been to one of our tailgates? Only 3 left 10/15, 10/22, 10/29 in the Upper Georgia Ave parking lot. Music, Food, Drinks and fun
#1FactAboutMe im super dingy lmao but i love it
I had to leave class early b/c my cough got so bad!! Or was I just overcome by Brown Pride??
sugar free red bull is here
Are you idiot?
hell everyone :)
Together will unite the night with Latin jazz tunes.
rare for a Friday, but will be venturing out...where do I venture out to....
Omigosh you guys I just held the hedgehog (whose name is Dexter, btw) and fed him a mealworm!
wow... Harsh! Lol stay home and watch Bulls.
#oomf did me wrong. It's okay. I forgive you. But your crazy if you think I'm going to let you do it again.
Clipper vs Grizzlies on TNT: This is good basketball!!! S/N: I thought Billups was going to eventually come back this season...guess not!?!
Oh how easily, and completely one forgets the ghettofabulousness redneckishness of Huntsville
Hey, thanks for following my tweets...looking forward to following you too! See you in the morn at LOL!
Space Smokey walks into bar & says "Beer me! I've been in Space!" Bartender misheard & said, Bear you? You're already a bear.
Amazing how that happens. In general, I think work is way over rated. LOL. Cause of much undue stress.
I love your song Marilyn Monroe !(: And #BeezInTheTrapVideo was Amazing !(: You Looked Stunning ! <3
they're also talking about it getting late early already.
Love the fact all questions Starbucks in office get directed 2 me... Wondering if my Starbucks status is getting as godly as 's?
those cases are crazy
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. Winston Churchill
thanks man, I just try to represent my life as accurately as possible through all my tweets
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 18
Thanks for the #ffmuse! Bummer that we didn't end up meeting in MN :(
Dear WWF. You have no idea about what you write. Please take a wine class and a writing class. Your drivel is ridiculous!
another day, another apple.
Guys tears mean much more than a girls tears, but girls words mean much more than a guys word!!
FREE UNITY CONCERT WITH LIVE PERFORMANCE BY ZIG ZAG OF THE NB RIDAZ, DJ SHY AND DJ DARIO FROM POWER 98.3 FM WILL BE IN HE HOUZ MIXIN IT DOWN
Unibroue Terrible (Canadian Dark Ale) at Max's Taproom
srry i couldnt uplaod my wattpad story iamma tell u the truth i am in a friends house and my computer doesnrt work so iamma try to finnish..
I remember this episode
skype with my lil LA shorty it's been a minute
It looks very cool - thanks for sharing Steve
That would be hilarious lol
Last scene of the night...*happy dance* I'm delirious O_o I'm sleeping all the way up to our 3pm call time tomorrow.
Soon jibs, soon!! :)
Going public already?
Omg creeper alert!!! o.O
I just finished listening to Andrei Gavrilov on YouTube play the Prokofiev 3rd piano sonata. Gavrilov captures the music's real voice.
Found out today that I was nominated to be on the YWCA Racial Justice Committee! Super excited to get involved!
people stop bitching about your little senior awards. they're all just fun. just laugh be happy you got one
just had meetings in Newark, Harlem, Yonkers, and then Westchester County...miles away but might as well be a different planet...
HAHA! Yes please!
Relaxing the rest of the day... Why do we have school tomorrow?
I'm still dressing for yesterday's weather.
This is like when Tyson got out of prison to fight McNeely...if Tyson was a slightly retarded white guy.
i think so i remember seeing a commercial with Will Ferrelll saying he's hosting :o
Alright. Who from S. Carolina is paying the refs? A clear block in the back called off and a no way pass interference call. Unbelievable!
what version of I Like That is it you and dance to? Love the song, video and you two.
You bet! [RT]: brunch tomorrow, noon, Benelux?
What a Sunday ahead #MarchMadness and #walkingdead finale.
Is staff gum chewing acceptable in your practice? Fresh breath or ticking off patients... For me gum chewing is not professional.
TODAY at 2:30pm, "Glorifying the American Girl (1929)" the second film in our Hollywood's Rave Revues series!
two first rounders? seems like a lot to move up two spots.
Girls lacrosse: and are dominating offensively for Wilsonville but Sherwood staying close. Wildcats up 7-6 at half.
Wonder if Ags had that dream again last night: It's the 3rd quarter, they're naked, running real slow and get kicked by an orange cleat.
Why me, why??? Sigh (ˇ_ˇ)
So, so great.
The movie "A Serious Man" could just as easily be retitled "Job: The Motion Picture."
I'm out of skool at 12 u b ready by 1
Why do people think Deschanel is a great actress? Is it because she comes from money? Plenty of talented non-famous actresses
New Rush album coming soon. Hm, should I care?
Computer. Using Chrome. Haven't had a chance to suit back down to try something else (responding via phone now)
put me on to a good site yo
Is there a campfire to ircd bridge yet or a bitlbee plugin... seems like there must be.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 33
The only way a conservative can survive is through using social issues as a distraction and means of deception for achieving self gain
What's wrong with the sound???
We usually work 8:30-5 w/ an hour lunch. Summers we work 8-5 with a half hour lunch. So 8.5 hour days instead of 7.5
Not a good night. :'( someone text me I need a distraction.
A unified query in science would require a few major sciences. Physics, Chemistry into the life molecules. Lipids for instance. Structure.
At least I realized I miss cable before the NBA finals.
Anything worth having is worth working for, and you deserve to live fearless and free.”―Terri Cole
Wife got her hairs cut. Looks snazzy.
Almost at 100 followers! Appreciate all the support! Getting set to film #webseries and we cant wait to get it to you!
Finished #thehungergames !such an amazing book!I can say the series will be the best books i will ever read! Going 2 read #catchingfire nxt
just put on the best show i've seen in a while. is the definition of amazing front man.
Thanks for the love!!!!
My bday is june 25 , & I needa plan a vay_Cay trip . A cruise sounds mad good.
So important for #nonprofit leaders to think of not just today, but tomorrow, when it comes to their plans for their orgs.
there are some sketchy people over here for sure. Maybe you should tell her to take that call outside!
You Know, I Hate My Profile Pic! I'll Eliminate It Forever!
gotta get Uecker on the radio
oops forgot to include you!
Try not having a phone for an entire year. Just try it.
Whoa. Life just got even crazier. Hard work pays off, never doubt that.
Awesome and THANK YOU!! RT : #SHOUTOUT Thanks for #following... taken you classes before and loved them!
Pure Inspiration! Now time to hit the gym again. Thanks Buddy!
Stove top mulled wine- sliced Braeburns, pumpkin spice, clove, Vanilla & honey
we both told you we were coming to my apartment hahahah you did this last night
Flirting is more fun with a British accent. "An Ideal Husband" callback complete!
YES! There you go! Monster Princess.
I am back and busy studying and playing the piano...Gmi scale
I can't believe we are opening up on Saturday!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I Hate One Direction
hate how the wind pushes my cupboard door
Love your site :) Nice and clean.
o I like that amen sir :))).
Great lunch with the family for mothers day :) cooked pasta a la corbanoara and made lemon ice cream for desert 😊 successful mothers day💗
You know you accomplished something when her legs don't stop shaking after y'all had sex (;
Running on wet grass to work on balance and increase speed >
#EMAC students! If you are graduating in Fall, please make an appt with Julie to complete your graduation application. Due Sept. 1st!
Want to bring some to Millgate?
I wish I could "like" this tweet.
Welcome to warm Wednesday, Tucson! Biking Catalina +few mi up Mt. Lemmon. Steamy but always endorphin rush! Love these Catalina's.
Cross country skis today, snowshoes tomorrow!
We are excited to announce that we will be playing a show with you on Sep 8th at the Mint in LA :)
haha okay!! XD u know how to TA? do that pls so i know what's yours XD
Funny, that's what we said about the Pru last night. #BelieveRed RT NHL's most docile crowd to host Game 7.
Dammit. Yet again I've discovered my brilliant, revolutionary idea has already been done by someone else. Stupid preemptive copycats.
#FF She's legit the biggest sweetheart ever! 😘
“The important thing is not being afraid to take a chance. Remember, the greatest failure is to not try. Once you find something you love...
de la rosa right now, but chacin is on his heels....we will know by July
People freaking out over Facebook
Packers staying on defense in the 4th taking DT Mike Daniels at 132 and S Jerron McMillian at 133
Out this joint....Work tomorrow in the am too...but idc its saturday
Careful... don't want to be a leaf pinned to a chair.
Forgiveness is our command. Judgement is not.
