Good morning #Austin! How is the #ATX doing? Just wanted our followers know our one year anniversary is fast approaching.
I tried to tag you in my last tweet. You're welcome...
Love you <333
read one page and eat a chocolate covered strawberry and watch 10 minutes of Grey's. My "study" method may take me awhile....
no name, just a number for Eastway CMPD. 704-336-8535. I could not believe they gave him a ride home after what he did.
I KNOW!
See opposing view to balance your point of view. Allow opposing view w/o trying to change it.Change OK if credible/logical reasoning given.
Writing #Rainmaking Book for attorneys; finishing up taxes (yeah, my acct is mad at me), and just work - but all good
I hope they bring me some david wilson and boykins in the draft...
that's over %100 profit so I would think so.
I dreamed I moved to Portland, and it was just like the show, only more so.
back at you.
I hope you feel better soon!
She is a straight clucker
Almost 1.3 mill signatures delivered to the sec of state!
I am dedicating our kickball victory tonight to Dick Clark! RIP U Amazing Bastard!
happy birffday chris brown (;
Who shot ya #ripBIG - Can we just tweet Biggie songs all day?
Booth was fun. I never seem to ready for the shutter to release!
RT : Hues of beige sprinkled over muted yellows, oranges, burgundy and navy. 70s silhouettes and killer fur details on the...
And It's Still Hot Af In This House
Awww that's no fun. Unless you have a sweet job! what do you do?
Living young wild and free
no, you don't, but your abacus, sextant, slide rule and compasses are subject to secondary inspection
Im running the streets! eveyone wants a piece of the blodster! #weet!
If u r n the IB tomorrow, LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN by the Watermill @ 12-1 next to the car wash on 13th & Coronado. C U there!
First a children's book, then a motion picture, now an opera! Come see "Fantastic Mr. Fox" presented by the Microscopic Opera Company...
What did you think of the post credits scene?
ha I can only imagine what you're thinking right now.. #
Even Papa John's pizza tastes gourmet when you're chew your own arm off hungry. Pepperoni and banana peppers. Ice cold Pepsi.
dont give up just stop tryin
whenever im sad i just listen to ! her songs make everything so much better..
"What's your favorite thing about koala bears?" "Their meat tastes delicious."
I dont think I like the drunk feeling that hennessy creates, lol im going to stick to the liquor I know..
Let go but never forget the past. There are many great things that can be learned from what you have been through.
If the #Heat lose tonight, what does that mean? I always think reg season can't be taken too seriously. But this would be bad...
Party? What party? Sam said he was going to work. (Just kidding) .....": Missing at the BPD Christmas party!"
Oh darlin' don't you ever grow up
Clippers game two weeks, spread the word
WHAT IF MI MOM THREW IT AWA Y OMG HALP ME JESUS
Can't wait! RT Who is attending the #CIW2012 Community Partner event tonight at ?
Nope. Journalism. Took poetry for 'fun'. Yeah, right! It's been ridiculously difficult.
Happy Charter Day! bruhs. "A-Phi! Delta Psi! Keep it Real"
Let me hear ur body talk~
oh absolutely you know I will ;)
Expect more speeches if I get a B in Pre-AP English. Four. More. Percent.
thank you Sir! Be sure to come out and visit us at the Sidewalk Sale on July 17th and 18th!
One week until our first show in Vegas!
Alex is Sexy! Is running through my mind (;
I don't know what you're talking about. All DT Austin has is hippies, food trucks, poor, and traffic.
Win a trip to London and Hard Rock Calling with Bon Jovi, Rod Stewart and more. this Wed at 7pm. Free event, live music w/The Hawkeyes 21+.
Cristo Rey Network is a candidate for the Classy Awards, which recognize great contributions in charitable contributions worldwide.
Karma -.- Fuck you
Aww, I always knew you were smart. Yay for #RonPaul love!
Like I said...sore losers.
Seeing photos of National Digital Library of Korea makes me want to go there.
Great meeting with you today! Looking forward to more good talks in the future!
Wishing all a very HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
one day... wwe will hand hug. #bestdayever!
Come party 'til 6am! Vegas' HOTTEST weekend party starts NOW!
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day, trends get weirder and weirder
HAMBONE!!! All bc I'm wearing his jersey.. ;)
. drank a glass of the boukketraube in your honor tonight! Hope #sf is awesome! Cc
ugh im jealous!!! :(
Our lips were made for kissing worthy men.
gosh, dont come near me then :) Must be Falls flu
I would LOVE to. :O)
Dundee Summer Wheat....making patio parties better since 2010.
Awww. No claw machines there? LoL (:
I'm wearing a bright pink t-shirt today on my birthday, just because I can.
Just got 's response on my smartphone. Don't use autocorrect so I still Google if unsure.
Aw thanks love. <333
My boss' boss' boss' boss' boss' boss is coming in to evaluate the store today. Must not defecate in my pants, that'd be a bad impression
have you visited our booth already? Interiors From Spain, booth 1024. We have A LOT of products you'll love. Come to meet us!
I'm pregnant with so many ideas that all I think about is abortion. I've seen so many of my ideas stillborn that all I think of is abortion.
“Ariana Grande is Very Successful. She has been on Broadway,Hit over 28 Million YouTube Views, Been on TV & Sold Out a NYC Concert #Proud ♡”
Samson hall is so random
Home safely...now to get some rest.
Anna, what are doing this summer?! Musically, I mean :P
More & more I ponder the life of Paul & the love he had for every member of the church. I long to love like Jesus loves!
Doesn't seem safe enough for people with serious allergies!
awww you're amazing! We ❤ you!!
If that's the reason, fine. What can anyone do about it? I can't do anything. All I can do is sit back and let it go.
ur welcome sis!! Keep ya CURLS Up!!
can u tell people to follow meh? please :) <3 :p
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 49
Forgive me if I don't come around.
Lisa Berlanga from CA Charter Schools Assoc. says it's about a need for local decision making.
I think you're exaggerating a bit, but it's great that PDX comes out for comedy these days!
local artist, send me your track man...im really looking to work with you first before I have to travel someplace.
at least the tax bill will be lower!
WE SHALL WIN!
Nothing will ruin my day tomorrow
S/O to my new follower ...diggin' his music. Check it out.
Lots of traffic getting out of downtown. Yikes just stay and enjoy the mild evening.
OH "I'm a big deal among tablet PC workers in Shenzhen."
Amy please follow me I'm ur biggest fan
In #t101MediaLife where the professor references like a boss
Draft Hugh!
Yay! Can't wait to see pictures! Have fun!
RT : Maybe it's the sudden change in gay marriage pressure.
for a second i wondered why this new Last Step was so dull and uninspired and then i remembered the last 7 years of VSnares albums
#wheneverimbored I have a little fun ;)
oh yeah carnival time.. Be safe down there ..Rock Out!!! Let's link when u get back
is building a stopword list for 19thC Danish. This is well before the aa -> å spelling reform, so existing ones won't do...
I, do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; RT
ah yes. On the street in the neighborhood behind the the Dowd and behind the church lot. .8 mile to my office.
lol I just spent $300 on a school trip!!! I'm already golden
Did you see JCVD? It's ever so delightful.
Pick me up some Ians!
the same girl telling you its ok for you other women is the same girl who wants to be with other men. They may not tell you that though.
Is there gonna be a happy sons or daughters day?? We got mothers and fathers day!!
Shame on you Dorothy Lucey this is how our system works anything happens to this woman because of your views
Went to Academy with , now we are at Marco's waiting for the beer to get here.
No way! That is crazy. What part of Texas?
I wish it saved progress, though...
Dream Big! If you could live your dream RT and tell us what it would be and why?!
Yes, unless you're doing insane things w/ video or photoshop. I would recommend the 13" w/ maxed out specs for a primary machine.
damn, my dad switched our cable to comcast. & comcast doesn't have boomerang.
Sometimes there are things you have to do, even if you don't want to.
high five! ✋
Home chilling!! How are you doing???
This is different than usual how?
ask for their twitter handle
Penny nickel dime, penny nickel dime niggas *BANG* jerkin songs>>>>
Memorial Day is coming up pretty soon. Be sure to come in for a wax before tanning season starts for real!
ugh,thanks Lisa. Another frog, unfortunately. Prob my fault for thinking he could be trusted and trusting him. Live and learn.
Guess I gotta do this work thing again today . . .
Michael Fassbender appreciation week continues with Shame, tomorrow at NYFF.
As part of our ARTful Writing series, Indy Reads is heading to the IRT tonight for a special production of The Diary of Anne Frank!
you picked at bad time due to conference voting. most of the time code4lib is ok. i make judicious use of my kill-file
Is presenting the Best Picture based on your Theten level this year
Sleep Over To Night At Miah's House
I TRAIN WITH MY TWO SERVICE DOGS EVERY NIGHT
what is up with Hotmail? I can't open messages with Chrome v17, Firefox v8, IE9. maybe I should try Mosaic?
Two can play that game.
I know! And all those gorgeous meals, the fancy hotels, and swanky ships... so much better than reality! :-)
RT : Welcome to the new Viking River Cruises Trade Twitter page!
OH: "I'm so bitter I might be a Republican by Friday."
Happy Birthday!! Hope you have a great one today!! =)
Be sure you order the shrimp cocktail and eat it RIGHT before you take the field Thursday :o)
wow nice win. State bound Zephs
connecting my art websites to collectors
Good old fashion ass whupping!!! On the bright side, it's only game 1. Hard up beat a time shooting over 50% and only hv maybe 5 turnovers.
I'm so excited for with teeth !!! I can't think of a better artist to reopen my fav venue!! Try and hit me!! HEADSHOT
I predict that 75% of all of your tweets this fall will involve college football
Why do I always cut myself shaving when I have somewhere to be?
One month till the #wedding!!!!!
Kendall im taking my placement test at a college can u make may day by a follow me nervous
47? Way too young to go. RIP MCA.
I am the queen of grommets.
Jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
Job market bounty this week! If only Farecast's prognostications about ticket prices from ATL-SEA would pan out.
#IfITellYou You Have A Nice Body , Would You Hold It Against Me ?
hopefully! Although i've been going through hubspot lately
Nice meeting and seeing your presentation
FroYo or Ice Cream?
Going to get my Beats By Dre tomorrow :)
Good night Tweets and FB!!
Haven't even taken off my cost or purse yet and I'm already pouring myself a glass of wine at home.
First Seagull burger at #Northpoint this year. Summer has begun.
depends on where they are located
A monumental discovery has been made! Wings are good!
In Rhode Island for the day. I wonder what glorious little book stores I might find in Providence.
Friday date night a walk around Baltimore Inner Harbor, some hot steamed crabs at BO BROOKS seating out side on a warm summer night! Dreams!
omfg im so happy right now!! u better be in my homeroom again!
Just picked up my brand new immigrant visa for the us at the embassey.. Almost ready to go now!
No, it's not begging the question. Libertarian socialists weren't responsible for the revolution.
Girl you lookin' good, won't you back that ass up?
Thanks for the RT! How's your day going?
OK. Grifters also seem to abound...or is it grippe?
About to get my writing in for tonight.
i just did an hour and a half of cardio dedicated to that freggin' vanilla semifreddo at
Grr, the phrase 'your lack of planning doesn't constitute an emergency on my part'. I do wish some people were better organized :(
#crossfit, let's see if I can get this L sit rope climb today!
Icing after the morning coffee fail - the top of the Whirley Pop just came off during the action. Popcorn. Is. Everywhere.
Best gift? The hubby got us tickets to see at the Wiltern. He's my absolute favorite and I'm so excited.
The article has int'g pts--need to have awareness, meaning, purpose behind #sm engagement, not just empty interactions
I know right???! #BabyBump gave me momentum and it better get me the sympathy vote! HA!
You can do it!!! You'll rock the end of your first year :)
ugh school has been a killer, how are you?
im the innocent .. one will i guess im just not the one growing fast :O
The awkward moment when you realize when you're the only friend/invite who actually went to the church part of the sweet 16
#Brewers press corps is down a couple starters tonight as well, matching up nicely with the team on the field.
While walking at the lake, see cameras and Peter Hermann at the edge of police tape on Druid Hill Lake Drive.
You don't wanna give me a job but you'll hit on me?
bahaha your officially my favorite tweeter
Love comes in spurts.
What's your favorite hot sauce on the market?
Come celebrate your Friday with us here at Coop's and try our homemade sausage!!
Spontaneous serenading to Haley with One Direction songs
lighting?! Guess i'm bringing a sweater!
RT : Think big! Act fast! You will be amazed by the momentum you can quickly develop in your business.
not at all I had one person come to mind instantly when I read that
If you Don't Respect yourself, How can I respect you?
I'm trying to stay within walking distance of violet crown cinema - I'm going to miss the game, I think. Seeing sushi movie @ 4
- you like that flight house stuff don't you. Lol
WARNING: Do not follow too closely.
Our CEO Kathleen Feely "Casebook helps workers enter data in real time."
I have a couple of ideas on my mind as I'm now at Seatac. First, where are airport employees when u need them?
First day shredding Breckenridge with my boy Justin Morgan!! Holla
What city is it in this year? I'm not cleared from work yet for AMS conference this year...but working on it!
The hubby rockin our lil one to sleep :)
Which layer of hell is this
Also, Gloria James makes me wanna barf, eat it, then barf again...
Hey! How are you? Are your exams over yet?
Another day another dollar👊
Shot in the dark: Wontons?
i need to study lol
Newt, the socialist that sells out his family and country.Your dad would puke
MB this singing in my dreams whit: #roc #prodigy #priceton and #rayray lol!!
Aww finally said they love me back lol.That must have been cash that said it "shh but we love you a lil more" YUP sounds like CASH
We are looking, and thinking about creative giving.
is giving away tickets to see this Sunday at ! RT
At Sydney's sixth-grade band concert. It's great.
lol bet pick one!
S/O time --- starting meow
"is that a chair fit for a king or what?" by whom?!?!
I guess it really is #ThirstyThursday 'cause a nigga' be feenin'. *-*
I just want to do work.
Man, I already sent you the image search for "cup of tea." That wasn't enough?
I will lol
If economy continues to improve, Romney's "Obama has failed" message will sound empty & hollow (not to mention desperate).
What am I doing while the boyfriend goes to his bro's house? Absolutely nothing. Fml
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Everybody needs TP! 6 pack of Cottonelle toilet paper, yours free with $20 purchase! (Riverwest)
what fun,,, thanks everyone!
It's official! Rosco, the Geneseo Police dog, keeps his job for at least 1more yr thanks to a generous donation. Details on 13WHAM at 10/11.
What's the deal with the DMs about "things being said"? Clearly spam, but how do you stop them?
and you're going to lbk? I wanna go soon again! Let's go!
Did you fond a new one yet? Im sure you insurance can fond you one. Maybe try fonding it in the yellow pages. Or fond it online
On the bright side, October is suddenly wide open for me.
I use the twisosphere 4 advertising our services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it ineffective.
You Know i Do It For My City Boy, 2 Chainz You Can Call Me Titty Boy
Hey , are you familiar with the TEDxColumbiaEngineering event happening on November 29th?
ok killa! U got a RT from your boy! Definitely #cheesinhard right now!
Why didn't I see that #Whitney #Houston #died yesterday? You have failed me
Dont compare. It leads to misery. U will be either ugly-prideful or more insecure. You are the BEST at being you. #Hotnews!
I'm up taking it all in! heard the one of the homies didn't make it.. #RIH BUD T diggy
Today has been a good day.
We always talk about mileage based systems for gas taxes. What about a percentage of gas purchased instead of a flat tax regardless of price
I find that a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread.
is your new middle name "40?"
Tonight, we are young.
Got my first chance to play with a soft box tonight - pretty amazing.
I see what you did there, #Fiesta2012 video at #NIOSA showed a guy in a shirt! #KCCO !
Heading to Orlando for the Graphics of the Americas trade show in about 90 minutes! Excited to feel some 80 degree weather!
#ThingsIDislike Not getting my way
M Ryan vs SEA or Grossman vs. STL who do I start? I think Grossman what do u think?
Today: gingerbread men and chocolate mint spritzers.
good thanks . I'm in pa right now but ill be back soon ... lets get together soon
Love that pic! Thanks for joining us on this beautiful Mother's Day!
Happy Birthday bella! Wish u all the best!! :) much love
Didn't we #FIB #ncrXwd RT": partied with bro "
you and should make a song together. That would be the cutest yet romantic thing ever! RT if you agree with me!
Instapaper-ing things and then not reading them: It's becoming a problem.
I miss Northern Exposure
oh Jesus. I'm gonna have to do that soon :P
This is why most of our designer clients use your services for their clients!
Went on a sunset hike/shoot tonight.
Awesome video of Man U. Getting the news. Unbelievable.
Thursday's topic: study. A primer on lectio divina. Thanks for hosting the meeting last night!
The clearer to communication is online the more time available in f2f section for interaction.
I'm like the wind baby, I'm everywhere ;)
Looking forward to an amazing 2012!
Thanks 4 the follow
041298 ∞ your number>>> and um i have a lot.. Wet The Bed, I Can't Wait, Like We Used To etc etc IB- Mikey 
Just got a $100 car wash
Calling it a night... Sure wish I had a show this weekend to get my mind off things!! Good night and God bless...
I never said it was a bad thing. And your welcome, Follow back please? & Thanks for the spelling lesson.
Excellent! Thank you!
Franz Wright is in #DC!
playing dogeball with basketballs
#churchplanters God. Wife. Kids. Church - Yes, in that order!
When May 33rd comes, i'll start giving a fuck :)
The Lord is awesome my brother
lol omg is this the one who gave u a prob about the sick note?
RT : RT : "You can't be too kind or too generous." - Patricia Fripp #quote **p.s. Good luck w/job fair
Monster game tonight! Thank you Matt Kemp, and thank you Henry Rodriguez! LOL
Bauer Power 24 Funny T Shirt
love ur tweets! Always make me think! would love a follow back! had u on fb but stalker forced me to shut down for a min
Welcome home residents! Stressed after your first week of school? Come in the office and grab a free movie rental - awesome selection.
Sorry for the loss of your friend.
2 many drinks at my party aye lol
Hey, thanks for the RT!
Believe in yourself :)
They should have played some salsa music too.
Oh, and Friday evening DJs, btwn 5-8 PM, you may have a large audience this week. *hint hint* ;) More details to come.
Trust me, you don't need to be fool. You just need to have food in your system...
This year, fireworks and beer, Hong Kong. Next year, fireworks and beer, LA? Year after that, enormous solar flare caused by Nibiru and beer
really? omg sorry sorry!! (but still I think this is karyn) hey!! :D
I need some morning sex....super horny...
why is it so much easier to act angry than to admit that you are hurting?
Me! #PhillipAllTheWay! Who are you for?? ;)
"If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint', then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced." - Vincent Van Gogh
“: lucky girl.” so excited! first time here. any reccomendations?
Man I have to take a huge shit after these chicken nachos
we love gold!!
Real men eat pussy and like it.
We will update documented material to clear confusion. Apologize for any misleading statements. Thank you for your interest.
Im smiling even doe IM HURTING....
“: I <3 hip hop long time.” Killing it last night at X Bar!
Thanks for tha follow...... We will catch up later........
thanks for the rt!
Watching my kitten chase this fly around the living room. >>>
Based on my timeline, I'm nowhere near as nerdy as I thought compared to a lot of you.
Good morning Jann! Thanks so much for the shout-out. :)
RT : RT : A2: To get noticed, previous experience. Hard to prove ability and skills on the resume
No more charades My heart’s been displayed
Can't wait to visit !
Sunless tanners are a great way to get a bronzy glow without the dangers of tanning beds. What's your favorite kind?
I hate everyone equally :)
Weekend visitor from Cleveland...a very proud Aunt Theresa
Sweet- Amp literally crashed and burned on a Fed Ex truck in NM this week. Still get an awesome Morgan amp- but it'll be a while longer.
I have the worst headache in the world :(
Why don't you wanna fall in love with a guy like me?
well you know. 😏
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." ~ H. D. Thoreau
- Thanks for the mention, hope you're enjoying the app!
awkwardly small teeth... um
#EveryoneHasThatOnePerson they shit talk everyone with.
That Seski's cousin Slothman. He move to LA be big star. We not hear much from him now.
Ginsburg: "I feel bad for you." Don Draper: "I don't think about you at all." That's also the relationship between Philles & Nationals fans.
What can we do to help cure this problem? Is there anything that we each could do? The homeless problem is just that; a problem.
my excitement for Diablo I is palpable. Only 5 more days...
Ok they need to put the air on 50
just whipped up kumquat chutney to serve with savory asiago shortbread biscuits with drinks before dinner.
thank you I will try that! :)
babysitting my brother is probably one of the easiest jobs
I MISS DRAKE AND JOSH!!!
I'll second all of that!
In a night I close my eyes and take a deep breath / In a night I see my life, every day, every step...
Can we say Cardinals suck!!! Thank God I'm a Jets Fan
If you were a WWE wrestler what would your stage name be?
I'im sure i can wait another 22 days till your new music comes out :)
Closer for the Mets reminds me of Ruben Quevedo's bum ass...
Agree with you William. The Mayans have a more detailed report for 2012 than does Filner.
Stupid giants!
10 year old:I can't wait until I'm a teenager, I will wear cool clothes and sneak out to party! Me:Spills cereal on cat
LeRoy native Bill Pangrazzio will join us on the show right after the break
I never have. Have you?
It's my birthday I can get high if I want to
I need a lifecoach today. , help!
Is there a celebrity everyone seems to love -- that you just can't stand?
Victoria was beautiful!! Absolutely wonderful!
Oh That's Cool
Yeah that was pretty embarrassing. I bet your face is like a lobster. (Like, it's red. Like a lobster.)
Happy Birthday to my Dad turning 52 today!!
me usually talk pretty too.
is picking up a prescription at Walgreens that I forgot to get earlier today.
hahah I promise he laughed! let's hang out! how long are you here for?!
Yeah me, either day.
ATTN last weeks Twitter Sweeps winners- We will be emailing you at the email address you provided us w/ to confirm prizing info.
Why does the news broadcast info about shelters opening to help homeless "beat the heat?" Do the homeless have tv's or the internet?
Books 4 teen boys....GEEK FANTASY NOVEL by E. Archer....a quirky mix of adventure and humor. Fun read.
waking up beside yourself..and what you feel inside, is being shared with someone else...nowhere to hide.
Should MLS and other search sites differentiate between virtual tours and video or do consumers not really care?
Who got 2k12 for ps3 retweet this if u do
A Fish Fry and a win for the Brew Crew. Not bad for a Wednesday if I do say so myself.
CHARGE AND ANSWER UR PHONE!
who the f**k wants to be a Hooley????
I think it's for people with low vision. Made me too scared to try the new gmail. Google makes me fear technology!
Watching these D's play, I'm not sure the Pack had as good of a chance as we thought.
Prescription-Drug Overdose: One Victim ’s Mother Makes a Personal Plea via
MAYbe. But don't you have some essays or exams or projects to read and grade?
Agreed. RT I like how while Pan Conrad is speaking, Ashwin Vasavada behind her is nodding his head, "yes, yes"
: Thank you for the support!
: should head back to to reclaim his ankle lock from Actions speak louder than tweets.
When you see most stars, you're essentially looking hundreds or thousands of years into the past.
Morning, sunshine(s) ! Thanks for the follow, yo.
Lets do it! RT : Your welcome.... Im here to help all the kids that need an education,
oh hi we gotta find something to do tonight
DM me bro!
So many guys with tucked in button up shirts and comb overs are going nuts.
says more about you than it does about me.
MDAT proposal: New E-ZPass rates 10% off cash tolls. No decals on Hatem, but $36 annual E-ZPass rates.
Cannot wait to be in Sin City...
There is no way that Michel Foucault did not ghost write Little Men.
how r you baby? <3
Announcing the new members of the iBOT Family today!!! Who do you think it is?
#Christian LIVE preaching on the spirit, soul, and body --- really understand
My hair is too short to have a bad hair day...or at least that's what I thought. If I don't do it as soon as I shower, it looks awful.
Congrats to Anastasia Gentilcore, who won our drawing to Carols & Cocktails on 12/21 at last night's Young Patrons HH. More info to come!
I CANT WAIT. #SAYSOMETHIN or #saysomething WHATEVER LETS TREND IT
Just woke up from a bad dream. Wait... Did that really happen?
juz like i told issac its happened
yess lets go:)
Link to new song tonight humans.
Such a nice day for a family barbecue ! Happy sunday fun day !
Thank you for letting us be a part of it- we are thrilled to help!
stop spamming me!
Retweet if you have ever posted something so raunchy you had to blame it on an undisclosed friend!
Last night I had a dream featuring Rihanna. We were being held hostage by terrorists....How strange!
listening to gospel winner talking about his friendship with Whitney....
My thoughts, prayers and condolences go out to the people of Japan.
thanks for RT. and we have upped our game on tortillas. Can't wait to hear what you think!
Cuz She Made You Move, And Wont Move Back!
": ❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ Too good to have my heart played with like a toy."
OH: I hope people done get sellomenello
Sorry about that alley-oop combo from to me!
I just cut myself some bangs.
Can't believe how beautiful it is out today! So glad we got to go for some meetings and get outside :)
seriously, how many dudes have a 28" waist?
My turkey sandwich sucked cuz I asked for Buffalo chicken ...I get home and its cajun turkey breast ...as if I wouldn't taste the difference
are you still dieting ?!
Thank you so much! :)
ill still treat you the same without the title just making it easy for you...
You will be missed! :)
Good choice! RT : Enjoying a sausage and roasted red pepper slice Oh, and some chili peanut wings as well.
No one got open for Rondo, not really his fault.
My dear, no matter which clown wins Obama will beat any of them. Be sure to get chicken wings (my fav!!) Our best to you!
Lil B called out littering
Oh no. Is that ______ ? OMG! WALK WALK WALK .
Girls fall in love with what they hear, and boys fall in love with what they see. That's why girls wear makeup and boys lie
awww you guys aren't losers! You are just waiting on a hot babe to come around ;)
I love taglines for movies like "everything is connected" whoa newsflash! atoms without enuf electrons in their outer valences form bonds!
just fought my way into chapter 21 of ghost station - 121,268 words and 363 pages and still going strong! the mountaintop is in sight!
": To those ripping #Lakers because a wide-open Steve Blake took last shot: Have you forgotten John Paxson & Steve Kerr?"
OMG I just ate some my self I was craving me some Chipotle #Enjoy ": Chipotle time!"
That's true. I need to rewrite it. But first I need to finish the one I'm writing now.
aww ok cool
its ok
i am taken. Lol.
I THINK I LIKE IT. I THINK I LIKE IT A LOT.~MGK BITCH
so many fights have happened today like omg
LIKE A BOSS.
John Dimick earns the sweet upgrade to Sr. VP of Programming & Ops at Lincoln Financial Media. Guess we have to start treating him nicer...
New edition of IAAY coming soon! Look out for competition to win handmade jewellery courtesy of
I like how Paranormal Activity 3 takes place in 1988 and is shot with like HD cameras
No, angry lady on the street, I will not talk to you. It's 1:30 in the morning and there's a 95% chance you want to do me bodily harm
ok I can do that! Lol
-- It never hurts to float a trade trial balloon to every owner ...
+1000 > “: i enjoy submitting program proposals a little too much.”
I love you KDC
YAY NEW UPDATE PATCH FOR NCAA 2010 ON PS3!!! :) AND I JUST FIXED MY PLAYSTATION!!! :)
I Am Not The Kind Of Girl Who Should Be Rudely Barging In On A White Veil Occasion...
I don't know the difference between hippy and hipster, but is fun to watch either one get beat up.
Ur guy Ron Artest aka Metta was one responsible for shutting lead scorer on Nuggets down n keeping other guys fresh....
I'm guessing cheetos. RT : "I don't know what's in Rush Limbaugh's heart." --President Obama, moments ago
HAHA Never thought I'd say this...but I wish I didn't win this one! LOL
Ima start a riot!!!
rock on!! many thanks.
Visit Crossroads @ SECCA's facebook page for a chance to win two free tickets to tomorrow nights show! Don't wait.
You are so lucky :( #GoodForYou :).
if they ain't rocking flame. Than they resellers
making money my hobbie flippin bags is my passion homegirl in the lobby is you suckin dick im just askin?..
FRIDAY NIGHT SPECIAL! Come in in these last two hours for $2 member upgrades! OR... Purchase any 5 pack of tans and get 3 FREE!
it's a great quote, isn't it?
Perverted play o_o
It's official. I must remain gluten-free for the remainder of my life. Lame.
Ready to see the Grizz to whoop up some LA Clippers!
would like to eat at some point today..
Big difference!!! MJs teams were known for the contributions of role players. Hate Kobe, but he has gotten a lot out of lesser players ....
I'm not excited to go back to school-_- I'm good wit staying at home and not worrying about waking up so early
I think I'm fighting a losing battle with losing my voice.
he'll yeah, game day!! City will be wild all day and night
Wearing a brand new pair of sparkly shape up's. I feel like is judging me
I'm trying to resist the temptation to eat out (badly), but if I peek out the window at work and spy the Nate's Taco cart, the deal is off.
I love you both <3
Hey! Have a speedy recovery!😊 “: Good morning people!!”
lmfao at the dude trying to tweet us <<
Unbelievable! After being down 19, KU beats #Mizzou 87-86 in OT! I don't know about you, but I don't want to see this rivalry end!
Good on ya LB. Must be all the Soccer Tuesday, Tour de France, and For No Apparent Reason content that tipped the scales.
Getting in a couple more games before heading 2 Lebanon. Important to see all guys. is my pick to have a huge breakout 4 us
This will be the 3rd year of Mt Adams Pavilion's DJ Summer Series
The doggie who wandered into our offices yesterday has been reunited with his owner thanks to our designer, Alex!
well shoot you suck. Make up your mind. Me and my twinsy are readddyyyy.
Absolutely!! Would love to go again. I need to call Tom and play calendar tetris again.
Read the newest spotlight on Carla Perlo Founder & Director of Dance Place. danceistheanswer.blogspot.com
“: “Wake up and live” – Bob Marley”
Thank you to all of our dedicated delivery drivers!
Sometimes I think your crazy lol
I think the Hoosiers keep the bucket in Bloomington
will you make my name upside down?
Thank you, too! Hey, my new album's out this Fall. I think some of the songs are even better than "Someday Soon" (Local Scene cd).
Tour Stop is interviewing Bullet for my Valentine in the coming days, send us your questions for the band!
I can totally agree with that
I couldn't understand why it was so quiet on the freeways, and then I got the #springbreak memo listening to the radio. :)
Masturbate! Sex can wait!
Watching Joe Dirt.
the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.
Day of the Dead San Francisco - tonight Tuesday 11/2, 4-10pm at Garfield Square Park, 25th and Harrison. Procession is at 7 PM at 22nd a...
because of you that's all I've been singing since I dropped you off (: lololol!
good one. :) hey, so how's Roger? Did you finally talk to him on atticus' phone?
Not nearly enough time in this day-not even including my gown fitting-which must be completed by morning.
hi-all
The Beastie Boys, now with 1/3 less repetition.
i feel fine sharing my twitter name with my students yet totally opposed to them ever finding my fabebook. why is this?
His Sister Real co Beans : ) She act like a sister in law : ) haa .
The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, & achieves the impossible.
Charles Barkley has to bust Shaq's chops for graduating college? Way to live up to stereotypes....
Bridgeport Ebemezer Ale on now at Lotties!
That's the one!
yeah I know, there's so many impostors
So we playing the reception? I'm sure we can metal out the chicken dance
you surprised me again!
aww<3 I hope you see him again soon. When do you plan on that happening?
I caught a drumstick threw into the crowd in 2003 - one of my most prized possessions.
will you please wish me luck on my exams today? Much love! <AB
Hate and love are almost the same thing. You two are already starting off with a ton of passion. I think he's the one.
Just got our tickets for Puerto Rico :) can't wait to hit the beach
sounds totally awesome!
I've read you're tweets only like a thousand times over again(:
Well, hello there Lawton!
The normal Christian life looks like Jesus in every way!
DO TELL
My 78 y.o. mom has the cell phone manners of a teenager. Just talks wily nily wherever she happens to be. Kind of cute, actually.
RT : I love Ed Shultz " you can't make this stuff up... Come on folks..."
At the age of 18, a young man (college freshman) called me "ma'm" for the 1st time.
call me
Where are you?
"No matter how much money I make,
Okay then I must confess... I have a crush on you(;
Won't make it down tonight, but maybe this/next weekend (weather/bike permitting). Any update on getting music down there?
i hate you<3
#IfIwonthelotterytonight i would make sure all my haters knew
Ready for the weekend...is it here yet??
Snacks? Check. Music? Check. Paint? Check. Let's get it!
ah I see.
Follow my web design company for updates on technology, web design, social media, UX, & SEO
Stop caring, Stop caring, Stop caring, Stop caring!
Love this. RT : Writing lesson of the day-you don't need a lot of words to say a lot.
thanks so much Emma!
New for me "amazon's "mechanical turkers"
Maybe should get a mop.
Hard to believe.... What was the presentation topic?
“: oh hellllls no !! LMAO !” lmao dam someone loves there hair :)))))
TSO's "Christmas Eve Sarajevo" gave my cello fingers a workout this AM. It was fun. Good to play cello more lately.
I cant wait until june 11 at 11:15.
Mine is already public knowledge--state institution and transparency and all that.
Dear Celebrity Crush, I think our relationship is at that point where you should learn about my existence :]
Sympathy. WASPs find the green grating as well.
Good sunday morning to everyone. Happy easter to all. Don't eat too much candy! (If there is such a thing as too much candy!)
we are going to be singing that all day tomorrow. Hey I need aj's #
Kendall Grimm greets reliever Haylie Wagner, the winner for Michigan in the first game, with a double to center field.
WE'RE AT 1000 FOLLOWERS!!! YEE! Let's celebrate with FREE MAHONEWAY SUBS! :D <3 -Kayla
So jealous! Maybe we should start a little quilting bee club, so we can actually get them done ;)
shopping for labels, shopping for love
I had planned on indulging in some retail therapy today, but apparently the weather is going to ruin my plans. Curses.
extremely cool Marc.
Assigned seats?! Boo.
Captain of industry = Paternalistic Figurehead. What does it mean to you, and model that meaning of leadership.
Wish I still lived in DC... RT : Nationals offering a beer & peanuts for $5 total at next Wednesday's game vs Pirates
Each one of our fans are individuals with a face and a name. Together they form force that kicks the music industry's ass
A Palin-drome is a candidacy that makes as much sense forward as backward.
. And that unemployment figures do NOT include those incarcerated.
Yep. Remember Cursor?
Awh, thank you. Love you to :)
Fever and sore throat out of no where 😷👎😢
we went to Fraiche yogurt this morning after a tennis lesson after a sleepover- a big schedule, eh?
Sorry for hanging up! I couldn't hear you. The FSG paperback hotline should be available now if you try again...
Awesome! I think I read every one of them when I was a kid. Searching for it now...
It's popular to go out to eat at the Olive Garden and hang out at the Barnes and Noble cafe, where am I?
ditto. i agree. i just think Cal ... well, you know.
the snow is almost melted, except for the porch of the tiny house next door - no one lives there
Slammed at work, which isn't a bad think when you work in recruitment !!
The only thing cooler than done by hand is done by MOUTH.
Tipton wrote a very very long piece about dropping a game and failed to mention one time the fact that you lose a home game $
lol you're quite unforgettable.
........stfu your voice is making me want to kill myself.
RT NEEDS TO EXERCISE BUT CAN'T THANKS TO FUCKING BOOKS
you do i didnt mean to tweet that
THOUGHT IT WAS OVER WHEN WE ARE JUST GETTING IT TOGETHER TO BE BETTER..STREET SPEAK RADIO WHERE COMEDY MUSIC AND HIP HOP CULTURES COLLIDE
hm true true
Hey just sent you an email. Think you might be interested. :-)
where you at that you be tweetin
totally saw you drive by me today!
i hate judgemental ppl.. give mf's a chance and expand yo horizons. bitch
lol I through it was the one I know bol
loves the way an awesome research day makes her feel. F- yeah thesis research!! #gradschool #archives rock
GoodMorning My Peoples...... Let's Get This Money.... (Freaky Deaky)
Just got some great feedback from a writer friend. Good critique is necessary.
If your #Capper can not spell he probably can. Not #CAP Get on the list
no..LAUREN. OH MY FREAKING GOD, I LOOKED AT MY MOM AND SAID "you see her? yeah, shes the reason people kill themselves!"
WHO WANNA SEE THE ARTWORK FOR HEAD IN THE CLOUDS?????
sup bro...ur still @ broadway on monday?...wat bout tonight?
Tonight, we've picked 2008 Solari for #WineWednesday. Young, yes, but the kick in the mouth I needed today! Fave place 2 taste too
may the 4th be with all of you.
Says CS about their phones:"most schools do not get signal." Would have been good to know when *buying* the phone for my son.
I cannot wait to see #Footloose I will dance in the theater!
Who thinks Parnell should have pitched the eighth? *raises hand*
Hang in there!
So this week feels like it has drug on #FOREVER. I'm so ready for Friday :)
"Is this supposed to make me hungry!?!" -
RT I Love
If you see me on the streets or something, don't hesitate to say hi! i'm actually a nice person.... surprisingly..... kidding. not kidding.
I will be playing at my party y'all not ready to have fun... Caught up in the rapture of love...
RT : Students: Good luck on the #FCAT!
/ You guys need to get to know one another... Ben, meet Todd. Todd, meet Ben. Go forth and be musical...
": The first draft of anything is shit. ERNEST HEMINGWAY #writing" and, in Hemingway case, so was fifth.
Be honest. Did you ever mention my name? Did you get sick of the shame?
Is the tutor a boy or girl?
Actually make that 6 months...
"If you're at a university, you have broadband, access, open your doors!" From Duke libraries need to keep doors open past 7!
DC voltage control - check. RF amp, regen detector, varactor tuning in progress. BTW, a soldering iron can be quite hot to the touch....
Twitter: I need to buy a webcam. Is there really a difference between the $10 one and the $100 one?
Thanks for the follow! We choose skewer! RT : Choose your weapon: sword or bow?
To Be Completely Honest, matches way more with Than Hayley, Thats what I think...
It would seem most of the residents of my home state have forgotten why we got the nickname tar heels. Be immovable in your courageous fight
Haha no!(: ": stop tweeting and pay attention in class :)"
Don't fight.
Like Wise..Enjoy!!
Don't underestimate me. Underapproximate me.
Truly Fascinating! Thanks for sharing!
Jesse James in tha house at the Bucks game
check out FIND ME INC its a non profit organization that helps young woman and men with there issues you can call at any time(954) 797-0634
Turkey Day is right around the corner...What do you do to stay motivated when it cold outside and warm and toasty inside?
Thank you !
Thanks for heads up. Good question. I have 999 followers. The 1000'th follower is going to be someone special...I just know it!
Imma call when I get out of this movie
and here comes thee rain
loll, i dont do anal often...but would def. do it
Reviewing the fantastic submissions we got. Thanks all your DC focused filmmakers!
Yeah buddy RT Going HAM on this political science final!
Randy Huntly sings at the stretch
You need to pick it up!
If anyone was worried, none of us died in the tornado storms :)
wish I could make the #NYLC12 unable to this year. If you happen to make your way to the westside of ATL let's do coffee.
Gambino Is A Call Girl-- Fuck You, Pay Me
Not my fastest, but it'll do. Bring on the Shamrock Shuffle. I just finished a 2.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
follow for follow? :)
US Supreme Court agrees to take case by 26 states that new national health care law unconstitutional. AK joins suit.
Lisa Vieyra states, "It is ironic that the program being emulated is being eliminated."
The show still looks so rough
RT if you're a belieber
Yes, should hit those marks next Tues or Wed by my calculations.
What kind of Tan do you like with your Black? The common Bass Ale or something different?
It's Monday Night Football, Rams vs Seahawks, Come on in and watch the game, drink $2 24oz Tecates or PBR's, and $1 hot wings!
“: The family that tweets together, stays together! Love you G'ma ”china is going to text u
Hey guys check this out!!!! Http://www.YouTube.com/ThatKidMeli
y'all understand cuz you prolly know piranhas, same biters who do the same shit was prolly up on your block
Jeremy Walsh Real Estate has arrived!!
A natural stress reliever= the gym
For what?
Oh poo. I was a day off. He will start heading home tonight though and get here Sunday. Yippee. Maybe I will take the time to make a pie
it's amazing 70 everyday this week :) when are you coming to visit
I hope to meet you at the next one! :)
Watching "Into the Wild" ,,,, just reached the Magic bus.
yea you!
So some girl jus told me this.... Apparently i have a floridian accent... And she found it hot lol
It's really sad when 'Star Hunters' is more interesting than your job.
could be. I feel like upperclassmen might feel more comfortable with the school at that point.
= happy me
": Detroit West"
Strange approach to social...tweeting only about people who unfollowed. Good response!
i love your icon btw <3
sounds like character on Sesame Street.
Don't know yet, trying to determine the ill cinco de mayo spot. I'll keep you posted on my findings lol
exactly!!! any guidance?
Cant' get out of my pj's. Good thing isn't open for lunch...
A message to a friend: "Since it's almost you're birthday, I want to make sure we're not going through something awkward right now?"
yeah never give up on your dream just as hard as you can
If I have spoken to u more than three times, it means that at one point you couldve been a part of this, but instead, u just get to witness
Leuchter: re generating revenues... notes expanding out of student enrollment, exploring whether grad prgm can be self-supporting.
And Miami ElectroPop star Santa Leja has a new mobile site - text getsantaleja to 88704 to check her out
Only 16 days left of school!
you want to meet him too?
And it's not even my birthday
Raining hard in Central Austin.
Well...we're off to start cutting the trees that were downed in last year's hurricane. Should be a fun day.
Follow singer and guitarist
That a boy Rob Wilson! Happy for that dude
This plane is the size of a Pringles can.
Those #morepeople includes and Ryan and Mary and Sam and aj and Chris and Hollie and Karah and all others ❤💜
I just love missing the bus and waiting 40 minutes..
I know someone who might be interested. What kind of app is it?
y'all gonna have to come back next time for sure.
It's loud in here
Tell the children the truth.
Part 2 going into edits this week (at last...) Stay tuned!
ur on the Rox text line again.
u said wat was an avi?
At Hooters eating all you can eat wings
Giants win. Glad the NFL season is over. I'm ready for baseball.
Your body uses up most of it since they die off over multiple weeks.
well i was wrong ha
RT : RT : RT : A2: The power of perception is that what I perceive, I can achieve.
found footage oriental still waiting
ugh the vti didn't pay me this week,usually three weeks is how long it takes fu@^ng
I've never been there! I need to go. Thanks for the pic.
My friends, I am #cataloging issue no. 2 (Autumn 1985) of Jeff Smith's Seattle-based #zine "Feminist Baseball." Yes.
lmao I'll never forget you sitting straight up in bed sayin "who the FUCK are you!?"
bitch betta have my money BITTCCCHHHHHH!
I wish I'd known right from the start, that I was dancing with the dark.
- thanks for connecting!
hey hooka i don't be on every lol Wyd
Comiccon sunscreen sponsor needed, big opp to protect a lot of pale skin out here
Witness tells #9news planes may have collided mid air.
"i am iron, like lion, in zion" xoxoxoxoxoxo (aka fondly)
Shut The Fuck Up About The Kiss..
NaLee2010.com CHECK IT OUT
LOL! I'll stick to the little dogs from now on. Now that Kafka's gone, I'm keeping them small! :o)
what time is it in Manchester, England?
Thank you to everyone who has followed me and get me to 104 followers! Thank you . Thank you <3
Love watching
“: I odviously complete you” And odviously completed me by pointing out this excellent Twitter feed. Thanks, pal!
Ballroom dancing at the Elks - Wareham Week
We usually get asked for pictures only in bike shops /s/ Arnold & Dudley
And I am sick of bullies, bigots, & liars. RT I am sick of Liberals. Lather, rinse, repeat.
not true. Hate you buddy.
for real what did he say
Playing the National Anthem this morning for the Diabetes Walk! :)
Jen, needs a baby goat! MT : I told you, I can assist with the procurement of a pig. We event planners have skillz.
I don't want to be around the time when you get that forecast wrong :
RT FOR A SHOUTOUT! (must be following me!)
that's so true but your slacking
what does that mean en ingles?
At 5:30 I'll be on talking Madison Craft Beer Week with
This has been a BLESSED day! Looking forward to a great week!
Appreciate for being my 300th follower!!!
On the plaza w/
was listening to Irish music playing at Panera at Mayfair. Surprisingly, Seam Ward is not working.
I just get quiet when I feel worse & cling to Jesus in prayer. Continued next tweet
Wish I wasn't so clumsy. Oh well lol
TO MANY HOES NOT ENOUGH WOMEN
I love Leake, but jeez. Something's gotta give.
Watching Justified with Viggle Tue | 10PM | FX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
beginning to get the impression you've not had the best day ;-)
Enforcers are awesome.
Post-rain earthworm gauntlet: I ACCEPT THE CHALLENGE.
I ain't getting no action 2nite so I guess I'll call it a night
it's like riding a bike...balls and strikes!
It would be so much better if youth these days read these edgy titles from Marilyn Irwin's YA/adult fiction crossover session
strange fruit in 2012 some things don't change sad...
Awesome! We love :))
New Strains and Bubble Hash!!! Stop on in and see us! You won't be sorry!!
I might regret this later but come down tonight
When do we get the pleasure of seeing you do weather the old fashioned way? Boqrds, magnets, puppets..
Presently fulfilling a stereotype.
feeling bad i couldnt work with tonight, im sorry i love you.
Cont. PWD in them do packaging for companies yet are not good enough to hire to make true minimum wage? What is wrong with this picture? :(
The greatest happiness in life - confidence that you are loved.
ok pally bethlage is a long walk.
Try some warm saltwater, that's an ol country trick my mum taught me!
lol I will
about the strep test. Plus this use to be my doctor when I got sick he said "I was fine- just unhealthy" :'( I'm scared
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other - Abraham Lincoln.
No follow? :(
You're so right. Learning keeps life fresh and exciting. Thx for your interest in the librotrafficker event!
lol I know :(
“Music is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music” --Sergei Rachmaninov
wht u mean I sent a dm to tht person an they wrote it
Thinking of all my friends at
There are 3 sets of words that can instantly make a girl smile: "You are beautiful" "I miss you" & "I love you."
um I have to think Lol I don't know I'm not shore if they are singers or rappers? Idk! Wat about u?
Gonna miss that guy. I always felt that Martin Bashir used his film to take advantage of MJ.
Its bs! she killed caylee! its not fair to let her out!
what kind of movies do u like? :)
Just got dont muttering "I hate it, I hate it, I hate it..." for entire half hour
time to have give u a back rub. Haha
Movie recommendation is Bill Mahr in "Religulous"
bitter oranges
The OKC National Memorial Event will be a dream-come-true after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Pioli's sweet acquisitions and picks.
Go see the massive kinetic Divine sculpture at AVAM. And is right Lexington Market is Bmore to the max
We appreciate the mention!
Pleasure is all mine. Tell me Vinc, what are you trying to accomplish at the moment?
not too bad! :)
What's your favorite winter album?
Swimming ...With children gear! Lol
First day w my new convertible and it's grey out. Boo
thank you so much! Im so glad you like it!!!
y did u drop me as one of Ur follwers
im right here :) lol
How are you earning points in Pottermore? Are you brewing potions? I suck at that!
enjoy sweetie, have one on me ! LOL
T-T
Presented at "Preservation Matters" event at Nat'l Archives this weekend. Great audience w/lots of questions. Preservation starts at home!
I meant 71 years ago today Citizen Kane had its NYC Premiere.
ayy friend how's u doing less get us a win tuday!!
he thinks he's a young kobe
Tanning outside w/ and she unties my top and it flies up... Oops, kinda just flashed the birds:o
That's probably why I be having that idgaf attitude towards people
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to following your tweets.
thanks for inviting him!
You just told everyone to follow me take your own advice
Its cool outside (in Florida), I've got delicious sushi reminding me of Tokyo, and I'm reading Jenkins on global christianity
dam you fine
I'm loving it
you are my hero. Shit is about to get crazy.
Ode to American Dad, how you make me laugh about typical "american" family's. And how not everyone is as perfect as they seem to be.
Well thanks Stacy! Bzzzzzz!
"...conceived by Franco to embrace and mine the main themes and events in the original film." promotes his show at JF Chen?
there should be little lemmings picking away while that bar fills up. Just sayin'...
Who do you envision sharing the success of your home business in 5 years? Make sure you're working to keep them part of your life now!
That drives me nuts. Anyone who cannot distinguish the difference is an idiot.
So Romina kicked it with my boo & I today & the first thing she said was "daamn micaela, I see those marks on his neck!" Lmao. yup, Allday;*
Damn you & your mastery of the written English word. Have to start tweeting in Navajo. Hope you haven't seen "Windtalkers."
Already thinking about escaping the office for home? Check out where to get a free book on the way - Happy World Book Night!!
I just got in agent! Yay to go along with my manager....:-)
My beautiful wife and I are going to Philly to see my fam and see my bud get married
I forgot how much I like Angelika Houston
I hate bein in the hospital :(
hamburger-fried ground meat, meatloaf-baked ground meat, meatballs-boiled ground meat
don't start nun with that lil girl .. Let him chill out for now
omg i love you<333 ur the best singer ever!<3
Brilliant: RT : I just rubbed a dryer sheet on my stomach so my shirt wouldn't stick to my rolls. I think I've hit a new...
Jael De Pardo omg i'm in love you
Cool! I need a video loop of my music videos done 4 a listenin party Im doin n Vegas. 1 vid from beta & 1 youtube need 2b ripped.
woulda only cost a jewasian like me like 65 because we are cheap and can't see that good, so it coulda been 75
We agree, you must.
#USMNT Did you get a chance to play with while he is back training? And would you like to join him at
Oooohhh! Sounds wonderful! My current novel is set in the desert. SE Arizona. Where's yours?
Ha! Fran Lebowitz said place in New York called 'Bonjour Croissant' would be 'Hello Toast' in Paris.
Having a great time at the lbctweetup at Hard Rock!
just getting home after a full day of #realestate, #bearnecessities and #gtl with :) now to get some rest before #pipedream tech!
You thought you could have me whenever you damn please
#4famouswords Stop drop and roll
just watchd hit 4 bp bombs in a row!
Micros are limited in off site sales RT : Is there an ordinance against beer gardens at farmers markets?
Happy Birthday mom! Muahh. Love you<33
They told me never fall in love It never works out in your favor You way too young
M. Chocolate! :)
I wish I favorited all of these
You messing with the wrong twin!
HDDT audience members for this weekend's performances of Cleopatra, CEO. will be entered to win a free margarita Downtown LA!
Thanks for the good wishes!
TONIGHT- Sol Caribe goes on from 7-11 pm at
yeah, it's pretty cool right?
you're trippin me out bc I went into deep thought about after I saw Rihanna's IG photo w him #youreadmymind 👀
I don't want to login with Google, and I don't have a facebook.
fell asleep&was just abruptly woken up again by a loud buzzing noise in my bed thanx to a certain something.scared the crap out of me!LMAOOO
A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.
and it was Maryland not Wisconsin.
Truth is: That I miss you honey... No matter what could happen I'm always gonna love you..
it's fucking awesome
If you are following us & we're not following you, LET US KNOW! We want to return the favor.
Can you remind me of the name of the online learning course you mentioned - something like "med coop"? thnks
I found Ms. Right ----> My Queen, The woman of my dreams, the future mother of my kids , my future wife ....
We aint gotta sex tonight just give me those slow kisses-
there's just a few things I'm having trouble with. I just hope they don't ask about them on the test hahah
Life is a movie script. Act accordingly
Beer and/or wine 30 Twitpic - Share photos on Twitter
So excited to see in Royal Oak - 1st time seeing an electro show in a smaller venue #headasplode?
i am feeling this ... mazel tov!!
this is total bs. #pussinboots got jobbed
RT : ma'am! Me and are looking for u and later at "Cheers"! <- I missed the memo. What's going on?
Leaving Candlestick Park may take a couple of hours but seeing Cowboys win makes it all worth it.
Scratch that, they're not opening today until 6. Raincheck!
Get your "blue steel" pose warmed up & your action shots ready- cause tomorrow is picture day for WAKA CA Capital Kickballers!
Hey there...happy to have you following. Thank you:
I'll see u tomorrow big bear for sure
This game is making me way too nervous.
and then you bagging those digits lmaoo
so cute
for sure. Doing great and u
Hot links sound so good right now omg
So thankful for those who I truly love
Goodnight! Sleep well!
Hey, what's worse than seeing a Davey Richards match and bitching about it? NOT being able to see a Davey Richards match and bitch about it!
Sigh, just found out my hairstylist is moving to Vegas. Told her it's a mistake. Dont go.Only bcuz I am selfish. No honestly BOL Simone xoxo
Oh...and not one...damn....paid vacation in that time frame! Showed up sick, hobbling...didn't matter. Smh
End 7: King 2, Churchill 2. Going extras. Churchill leads series 1-0. King playing extra to try and force an extra game.
oh ok(: I'll follow anyone who i think has awesome taste in music.
sounds gd!! talk to you Thursday babe!! I wake ^ late so NEtime after noon lol kisses (let me knw party day since its sunday)
I have no lifee so if u wanna lose at horse I turned pro llike two days ago at it B-)
Rossco is out on his construction site south of Dallas... wish him luck
I guess I should start heading to school
I so am w/u, I thought he was the best out of all of them. I know he will get a record deal.
Just tuning in. I see my #Bulls are handling business so far. Let's close it out fellas
Don't ever be afraid to say I love you..if that's how you feel of course!
How can you rip Nantz? Takes me back years and he is a jack of all trades. Dramatic? Yes, he should be! He is wonderful!
Charles Yu recalling Gibson's musing last night about what the future will think of us?
I'm a Knicks fan and I was asking if I can join the
thanks for spreading the word guys!
So basically Brianna just outted Vicky for being a cheater. Brilliant!
2012 film watching! #57. Bonnie and Clyde (Penn, 1967). Rewatched this on blu ray, fantastic transfer to one of the coolest films ever made.
An interesting blind spot. Any reasonable basis for valuing Udoh as a player should undercut Monta's worth entirely.
I should have my share.
Yes, I noticed I wrote thanks goodness, clearly I need a few days off.
RTRTRTRTRT “: Guys have it so much easier than the girls. While you are getting ready I'm playing Xbox. #prom2012”
Perkins with and (hash tag) #LizGlover ;)
I need to develop my fisheye film soon
dude she's in cloverfield.
Next time, I'll consider a vacation destination that's in my spell checker. Man that's annoying. Sorry,
RT Can #oomf help me reach 100 followers by 11:58 pm tongiht... I just need four more
I love that code snippet, I am totally going to use that in a side project I am working!
goodnight love:)
Highly recommend The #Avengers at the #IMAX 3D!
lol so what you up too
Didn't know JT was actually funny. 3-Way (The Golden Rule) (feat. Justin Timberlake & Lady Gaga)...
Thanks Bec! Glad my character was hungover and slept in his car last night. I was so method...
Visiting Fellow Fr. Laurenti Magesa shares progress on his book "What Is Not Sacred? African Spirituality & Its Contribution to World Order"
#thatawkwardmomentwhen someone from high school is on the bike next to you at the gym
Thanks for the follow! My life’s passion is empowering others to build wealth for themselves...and NOT someone else.
so yea...any news with your dad and everything with Atlanta Concert? or totally no...haha
I hope you only wiped your hands with that!
great performance tonight at the Listening Room!
This CD is taking forever to finish but we are almost done. It comes out March 30th!!!
My 14 y/o cousin is trending on Twitter because is following her. congrats
And if you haven't seen #CabinInTheWoods yet, are you going to?
Check out our Facebook page! Please share.
How about I get a night without crazy dreams? I didn't drink jaeger before bed, so I think I held up my end of the bargain.
I'm hungry.
I should have more CD's up in by this weekend. They'll be free.
😊🎉 “: I'm so happy #Dallas #Summer2012 #HYFR”
i feel like she'll keep two on!
I don't care I will always be on Justin's side. 👍
Apparently my Klout score went up again. WTF does that even mean?
I feel like dying. Idk why. I havent felt like this since before I discovered Austin. Im scared. I usually have good thoughts. Wht happened?
Marcus touched on some key facts. Kids are so picky when it comes to food..
With tending and tasting 3 wines today, I'm probably gonna need a nap sometime.
there's a song i wanna learn on guitar & there's no tutorial anywhere for it, and i just figured out the intro by ear! (: (:
#mla12 #s450 started with Pound's last Drafts and Fragments Cantos.
When I had long hair I used to steal shower caps from hotels so I wouldn't have to buy them. Weird, I know!
God's Kitchen tonight....MY FAV!!! CANT WAIT ;)
That final minute in the morning when you need to decide if you make the train or fix those darn hair antlers you woke up with.
Ugh. Dammit. Too bad Providence couldn't just sub in for these three games...
You are so right. Monday's need no box!
Golf cart ride, whuddup doe!
you doing the history novel shit? I already did two, five to go. -.-
Ok I must get off twitter now, man-u match on tape delay in the states. WTF Fox.
Stop reading trollumnists. I stopped years ago. They're the weeping sores of society and won't heal if you keep picking at them.
One of my key COPE questions answered: hybrid journals not eligible. (other ? is how much of $ coming from which budget)
Road tripping with to Spence Farm
Stopping in to check out your place this weekend. Looking forward to those Duck Fat Fries!
With Congress, Every Time They Make A Joke It's A Law; And Every Time They Make A Law It's A Joke.
na it ain't deep it' looks Normal to me now my belly button is deep!
Forgot to put product in my hair today.
:-/! What was the thing about thinking where the ball is going instead of reacting to where it is?
let's collect and compare
187when I leave the parking lot 365when my tires skidded out
Better understated than overstated. Let people be surprised that it was more than you promised and easier than you said. – Jim Rohn
Caven Canem Writer's Retreat. I'm comin' for that ass.
I'm pretty sure that Darren's a bigger supporter of Korean baseball than I am...
#FollowFriday shout out:
Warming Up for some great football
I'll tell you on yahoo email okay :)
Hi John! I'd like to send you a press release. Would you mind DM'ing me your email address?
Every THURS this month: KUAF Fulbright Summer Chamber Music Festival. See music.uark.edu for times and locations.
Tweet your thoughts, then press them to wax.
Who's Liliana?
Happy to show (tv) around the space today!
I know I see you everyday at school and all, but I'm uber excited to hang out tonight
I just ate a Peanut M&M that didn't have a peanut in it. I bet they could market those. Call them Nutless M&M's.
SHOW TIME! Can not wait to see the dancers do their thing this afternoon. 2011 Spring Showcase @ Doherty High School 2 PM.
Just seen a pic of Tevin Campbell tell me y this guy looks the same as he did in 93 lol
Still not a Slurpee. #fail :)
ik its a group disesion they shouldnt leave him out and megan is always yelling at him ugh she is so bossy grrrr
At the AMA Cause Conference today, great keynote about #nonprofit storytelling this morning!
Issa to DOJ: "Documents you shared...were heavily redacted, to the point that the redactions were laughable. Literally."
Had such a good time at nationals! Now NASHVILLE! Going to shop and then to Elliot's cd release!:)
#Tools Engineers wanted for studios all over the country.
Never underestimate the power of the perfect pair of jeans- if you've got those, the rest of your look will fall into place.
for sure!
I've given up on FF a while ago. Chrome is primary. After 1 day using IE9, it looks pretty good.
You can now follow our 1st indie feature from scripting to release! Support independent film & Colorado filmmaking
Christopher Hitchens, why did you have to die before I discovered and met you?
Great play by Ian Stewart.
Grab a Coffee Cake muffin and a iced or hot Coconut Oolong before heading to work
draft plan to transition from MARC by Sept 2011 #cataloging #alcts webinar.
I mean you look really good!
Come on. Please no more cyber-Monday emails.
Re: Uthoff -- is it still April Fool's or is Bo trying to make buddy Phil Martelli look good?
In the #DarkKnight, why does Bruce Wayne disguise his voice when he's talking to Lucius Fox??? He knows Bruce Wayne is Batman....
There are times when I am more than happy to have my bracket busted...this is one of those times. #anyone>duke
Nowhere else, this is our home -- Scott Wing
Going to eggham the m25 is a car park
then put it through the L2
RT : Kegs and eggs has started. Food smells terrific. Chow all you can eat and 2 drinks for $17!! What? You heard me.
We've changed our default skin. Trying out a darker but more professional look.
In case you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a brilliant person you could have been.
Love Family time! :)
I miss you already!
Re: Flash. Flash is occasionally necessary for HTML5 things on non-compliant browsers (Looking at you IE!)
what is this
Class borin azz fux fina vibe n zone out
Watched the balloon fly off Leonard's today then chased it down I-27
Thanks for the follow you hot thing! Give me a shout out to your readers, won't you?
For a free beer party at CRISP: What is the oldest brewery in America? First to answer correctly wins!
Going to paint.
yes he was. Tough loss but at least it was to someone interesting and entertaining
At the beginning of my July 4th vacation in the Pines!
- for real?
Nothing like the open road
If you want to hang with Moose on the Party Deck at the Rhinos game this Sat call us now 222-9800. 1st person to call wins a pair
Welcome back! We missed you!
. just found out you were tweeting... A little heartbroken I wasn't notified personally. Don't worry, I'm over it.
Diyarbakir. Hung out in the middle of the Dicle River and took photos of little Kurdish kids who wanted my money – all of it. Ne guzel.
good morning have a great day and weekend
My RAs will never know how lucky they are--all they have to do is the actual content analysis itself.
johnny in the #tweetgame?
Notable and conspicuous, Beverly
An Olympic love story that sparked a fashion empire
Nope, I don't believe it. I only have a sister.
oh my god my eyes are so shifty. maybe I am a fugitive of the law.
Meet others who enjoy a fit lifestyle at freesweat.com
An old friend invited me fa drinks dis weekend with her friends
Fear Factor..
Learn something amazing every day
IM A HUGE FAN OF UR MUSIC, I SHOWED MY UNCLE TEDDY RILEY UR VIDEOS A FEW MONTHS BACK, LOVE UR SOUND...
#thingsblackpeopletakeseriously talking on the cellphone while driving this is a necessity and preferably in the fast lane
dunkin it is, plus they are cheaper!
One more fookin love song il be seeeeecckkkkk
This all makes perfect sense to me... if you love #RPDR you are allowed to love all sorts of other wonderful things & tweet it out
Working on a plan for the library's facebook page. How do you use your facebook page? Any suggestions?
Um, UR the one that kept replyinq. I didn't take it so hard, Gosh. >_<
•I trip every time I see you or hear your name. I guess I really did fall for you
go eat.
Hope your scribe enjoyed his stay in Portland. Sorry I missed his reading
I'm having mid-week syndrome
