SOMEONE SERIOUSLY NEEDS TO TELL ME WHAT'S HAPPENING OMG
. Wow Really ? Sounds like pain to me.
How is there not yet an epistemological punk band called "Unknown unknowns"? Those songs may or may not write themselves.
whats the first?
"It gets late early out there."
#Yaay... lunch deal it is!! Is beach in the plans??
lol! Should I be scared?? Hehe jk. :) and it's Sunday! :)
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XOXOXOXOX
Good night. I love you...
Holy shit....time to pull #Yovani before this becomes a joke. 4 HRs in 2 innings pitched so far.
Have to take a Tylenol PM because I went to bed too late last night. Hoping I don't wake up and bang on the walls screaming for help again.
bahahaha. That was too funny.
0-4 not a good start for him.
Thanks for following!
hahahahaha!! That's awesome! Well we are gonna have to have meetings for the club. Any ideas?
I see that Jerry Millen has been tweeting about JMMA a lot these days. Please tell me he doesn't have something up his sleeve.
RT Omg I forgot I love sweet potato fries from Louies!!! word
Finally on root to Brooklyn can't believe i over slept and it seems like transpation doesn't want me to leave rockaway.
good luck this weekend! Have fun!
Viewpoint: Broadening marriage definition acquiescing to 'whims of a few' - South Washington County Bulletin
Go Big, Young Friends - GW
#amahouston Brand Extract Winning!
I'd like to think when you start becoming the right man, the right woman will be easier to find.
what's info on the screen printing
How you been fam? It been a long time fam
Ha ha, everyone has been telling me about this. I entered yesterday!
JL.org is still publishing. Thanks to WP's schedule feature. Other events on family blog. (Ping for url.) And some here.
CQ! Whats your pick for the tonight's game?
Did u know u can get our album on Itunes & Amazon? U can even listen 2 it on YouTube before U buy it! www.youtube.com/themattwaynemusic
First bonfire of the year
Nice Trib review for your crew.
“: What an awesome win- not the way we drew it up but I'll take 1-0 no matter how we get there. Great job
haha you don't know that
TMJ SYNDROME NOW BEING TREATED WITH BOTOX® TO PRODUCE IMMEDIATE RELIEF FROM PAIN & DISCOMFORT OF THE JAW AT AZ-TMJ
SKD Audition Finalists will be performing on Fox 40 tomorrow morning at 6am! Make sure u tune in!
Of course. It was a simple oversight on my part.
another adventure in Barbour county, WV :-)
French toast?
LOL could have fooled me
Time is the most valuable thing you can spend.
I'm not listed yet, assuming I qualify (library faculty liaison to the SOC). Up to you!
Congrats of , named Outstanding Sorority President at !
I think you are!
omfg. Alright , thank you (:
We hope you have a happy and meaningful Passover!
Hope everyone is having a great weekend! Off to a Saints game Christmas party. Who dat!?!?!?!
Thanks for the great article about New Nextdoor websites are being started all over the country!!
For immediate release: Cinci pot-core outfit xResinx announces debut 12" LP "YOLO" and pre order packages to go with it.
Excited and ready to make an impact tomorrow, volunteering w/thousands of my Deloitte colleagues! June 10th is #IMPACTday!
You have achieved success if you have lived well, laughed often and loved much. ~ Author Unknown
oh geez. another plus is that no laptops were involved, in which case your keyboard would have meant your whole computer.
did they actually use that phrase...'link juice"?
Off to see a #play at the #Cherry Lane,
I'd like to paint my kitchen, but i'm never in there.
yay! Always wanted to be cool :)
- Mark Leave my friends alone.LOL hi Brad and Kim. Xo
I don't know but he stinks and I don't like him.....
#ff cause I said so. And because you may find it amusing.
Peasant revolutions in #china? Not as much a threat as educated unemployed youth or the cab drivers with English degrees?
Campion wraps up a compelling Music Players season
Even if you don’t like #basketball you can still build relationships during #MarchMadness. Go be #social! SeanLetwat
thanks for the add! where can i find some of your music? i'd love to hear some...
Ah -- another fringe festival....interesting correlation there.
that's awesome! So happy for you!!
FUCK YEA!!!!! #GOBLUE BIG TEN CHAMPS BABY
I told them not to serve you...
Don't let criticism destroy your self-confidence. Keep striving to better yourself
thanks to my newest followers and
you have no idea how excited i just got for the catan app! thx for the link
The first question at today's news conference is about Chen Guangcheng's status.
Hate bein ' sick .
Sometimes the smallest things mean the most!
What was photographic memory called before photographs?
IN A FANTASTIC MOOD! EUROPE IN 2 FRICKIN DAYS!
no laughing!!! can you ask bryant what time are we going to the gym?
Nice when? anything good?
what?! You're going to tell me you didn't have an Abercrombie viser too, aren't you.
Jill Milligan - grandmother/comedian/author - live right now at www.parentingunpluggedradio.com - check it out.
when i good thing goes bad its not the end of the world its just the end of a world - drake
Bounce that ass, it's the roundest.
Yayayaya let's go
give me a number & I'll have my team call u
of cause we will!
you have no idea, how real I thought it was..
#GodOvaMoney make money but don't allow money to make or change who u are as a person God is your number one priority follow me
that's the jam!!!
. FTW RT : I checked it out - super cool. thanks. #bootcamp6 OMG I am tweeting.
Just saw Rising Sun's #StripperLesbians!!!!The show rocks only 4 perf left!!! Tix @ Red Room 85 E4
Watching To Kill a Mockingbird with Viggle Sat | 5PM | USA Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.
cant find u.add me... iDiezel
STAMPED-N-DIVAS TAKING OVER !!! LEGGO!!!
Hey boo:)
Thanks everyone who came to the volunteer meeting. WordCamp is looking to be epic this year :]
"Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the world together."
Just saw CityCenter production of Sondheim's Merrily we roll along. Amazing.
Only the strong survive...
Have you been outside yet?
aight i will bro.
Miley Cyrus just named her new dog Mary Jane...and you guys wonder why she's my fucking role model.
what a dream! it would be so much fun.
Oh btw that cat I took into my room and forgot about was fine. He was just hanging out under the bed. I've named him George Hamilton.
is en route to Stanford for the SLSQ Emerging String Quartet Program!
"Yes of course I remember. How could I forget , how you feel ?"
He's the sweetest thing ever!
Attend our #wawlive session #Compensation, Fix Employee Pay! w/
#musesocial Learning via SM-- I'm really curious to hear ideas or projects about this!
Oops! Sorry about that. It was a mistake.
~who is the awesome guy sporting the Blazers jersey? is it Jamal Crawford?
Jim Harrison: "...at home in the MInneapolis airport, which was filled with thickish, whey-faced citizens of the Great North." Sounds right.
yeah, he went out..i went to look for him and he had tucked himself in...so i put his crate out there in case he wants to get in
I need advice...
I love my city #Boston But I love my home more #WestVirginia /
Register for the Del Valley Fathers & Families Conference - www.DVFFC.org.
The road to success is always under construction.
lol i see you got the memo
Welcome Sonora! Thank you.
Great weather in DC today. What's it like where you are?
#idol - Phillps is so cool and so unique. He should be around for quite a while.
I see how it comes off like that, but that's not what I'm trying to do. Just trying to provide the best coverage I can for all.
love to see the site is SO CLOSE!! thanks for your patience.
hell yeah. (:
This guy that looked EXACTLY like Maika Maile just came in. If I didn't see his ID I seriously would've bet money it was him.
hey thanks for following me i followed you back.:D
Bend Oregon is ready for you! After the concert, come through the Official Afterparty at .
The future isn't something we enter, the future is something we create. - Leonard Sweet
most definitely
great ill check in see if it happens
I like the thesis. You should chat w/ about the project. She's a twitter pro
Basically if you don't talk to me first, i'll never talk to you.
Than then effect affect their there
“: trash and graffiti wax” RT couldn't have said it better.
Serious? Tony's day destroyed.
S/O to gor remebring,my birfffday this weekend and facebook did not help her. (:
yup. Just hit me!
Well. Looks like it doesn't freeze up my Talib Kweli on Pandora. Fine universe I will just listen to music and dance in my room then.
I'll be there for #lecole41 tasting tonight!
once upon a time the world gave birth to a Asian planet and they attacked us and we all died and lived happily ever after!
Fresh legs and a lot of energy
Que paso hermosa ? :/
Long ass day today lets see if I make it to the talent show
feral ponies are poetry
no it's just changing & merging w/ other mediums. It's all about the digital world, but always know the foundation of journalism.
Yep, got it. We'll get back to you shortly! :)
SPRAY CHEESE?!?!?! hahahaha and yeah don't tell her... lol
ACORN.-THE REST OF THE STORY. Fans of Breitbart will not be happy . watch video deposition now part of a 10news report at 5pm EXCLUSIVE
That looks nicer than my own bed...
Steak Night and Coog Football!
It's cloudy with sprinkles in Seattle today so I am studying and practicing my music charts. Time to make a nice cup of green tea.
straight like dat
great considering we got no sleep last night
Tonight's Dear Harvey!
I guess it's bedtime.
Interesting session on SMART tables. Aimed at elementary age, thinking about higher ed applications.
Great! Glad you're enjoying.
I have the most disturbing conversations with miranda.
ugh ugh ugh i need to sleep.
to #OWS: any idea of how many times that NYPD chopper has to buzz #UnionSpare b4 refueling? Thank you everyone!
see u next week???
Looking Good!
RT : Eileen Ivers ticket holders! After tonight's show, show your ticket stub at Patrick O'Shea's, save 10%.
Thanks! RT : Happy Wednesday to my new followers
Welcome. This is my first time as well.
Tonight -- UCI staff free throw shooting contest. Last time I shot a free throw? Last year's contest. This is not a recipe for success.
Great hanging out with last night as always. Buying/selling a house in the DCA? Punch yourself if you're not using him.
www.knowledgesafari.com <-- click blog to join a discussion abt self esteem #specialneeds and more! c u there.
Clark Kent spotted in Jacksonville FL!
one of my fav with the ravens, but go
Tonight Clay Kasdorf set a school record by scoring 48 points.
B.o.B. and Taylor Swift have a song together?
Let me know what ya think about our music PM me
i get mine thursday
Cup of coffee number two.
being copied is the highest form of flattery
New favorite film: The African Queen. An amazing piece of cinema. -And at least they were trying with the green screen.
my eye wont stop twitching
Doing some major content retooling on Ana-themrecords.com. Lots of #cobwebs friends!
aww what happened??
*Chilly fries RT : Waiting for my curly fries (:
- we just experienced our first 2nd line - amazing - felt the love!
Hedo Days Aug. 6&7 - see and Live band Slippery Whenwet, Pig Roast, bouncy house, photo booth, body painting & more!
I wish there wasn't a limit of letters for a tweet, because then I could SUM UP my love for you :)
Watching the M3 festival on HDNet. Waiting for Queensryche!
I have no words, other than 'I need a drink'.
Kristi, I happen to know of a fine place for an engagement party, or a rehearsal dinner.
RT : “: #Seau I will be there Friday. #SanDiego will always miss you.” I can't come... But I will always miss him!
My mommy just forced me to eat my veggies, I feel like im 5 years old ...smh
Come by the tonight to check out MONDAY NITE ESCAPE w and get $30 Virgo Party Tix! #VIRGO2K11 with
Who's ready for Sworn In?
“: Wear black tomorrow, Wisconsin. Pass it on. #wistandoff #NotMyWI #wiunion”
OMG amazing Incredible super bowl halftime show love
what do you need me to do?! Cuz I'm down.
Hey, Rinn! We were never co-followin' before? Thought we was.
I'm really excited that the Journey's at Metropolis has Toms now!
ZUZU has been rocking!! Come and be seen. ZUZU is the place!!!
why do we iclude in all of our tweets ;) haha i thought that was funny
Please Follow Back Thats My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Course!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo
RT : I think you mean "sneak peek"..haha thanks for the correction
CSW is pretty easy. It's only 100 question, multiple choice exam. I read the binder once the weekend before and aced it.
so the new president of Apple is gay...they might need to change the apple logo to the whole fruit basket soon.
haha she's super classy...and totally doesn't dresses like a prostitute to serve middle aged men beer after hockey
Start physical therapy for torn meniscus on Thursday at the Rose Garden. Never been to a Blazers game, but may see one of their therapists.
The Playoffs already lacked superstars and now Rose is gone... :( some of the most horrible match ups in a very long time imo
Making pancakes. Anybody want some?
Thanks! (Seems so long ago now...). You gonna check out this weekend?
Had a great osteoporosis workshop. Time to go home and eat!
thanks dude!
If nobody spoke unless he had something to say, the human race would very soon lose the use of speech. W. Somerset Maugham (1874 - 1965
I think Budget has a car for only $3,457.82. Good luck!
joey can I get your email for press releases
Deal signed for tech backbone. “: #Brocade will play integral role in redefining how #49ersFaithful experience football in stadium”
thanks for the tweet! enjoyed attending
Communication Is Key 🔑
Walking around cp lake. Beautiful morning. Some jogging...priceless.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Literally just started crying because Heejun got voted of Idol. I'm done.
Its funny to find someone you understand so well, and yet find you are absolutely without interest. Oh, I love you... but I ain't going.
..how was it?
Time to get the spoon ready....
RT : So #TheBeach & Casper Ware are trending in the USA. Gotta love #CSULB!
creepy in a good way though. I could have him sit in my office too. Maybe I should knit him myself :)
where can you get lamprey
Wow...it's been a while. back up and running...FINALLY!
Late start to my work day. First Friday ArtWalk in Downtown Phoenix tonight. Come on by to Heritage Square form 6p-10p for art and history!
#Orioles not going down without a fight. two on, two out top of 9th, down 6-4 to A's
Hey, no worries. Part of my interest is in privilege & the legacy of National Lampoon, which has some connection.
Somebody should really text me right about now
no problem and yeahh the video was great
Nope, it's on the list.
You know...it kinda does. Yeah and this so called "Ingles" is my dealer...
Thank you all for your kind follows and retweets! Wishing you make the most of this day in the best way! We're here to contribute our talent
It's almost like NSR's defenders are having the intellectual rigor of ... following pre-circulated talking points! "craven" used 2x thus far
I can get used to this weather.
can we be friends??
#MyLove You took my hand.. gave me your heart.. we shared a dance.. look what you've done to me.
It's the playoff edition of team trivia with tonight at 8:00. Have a feeling things might get chippy.
#SaySomething makes me wanna drop everything im doing and dance<3 #PERFECTION 8
Free pancake day at ihop with
hey thanks for the follow. What's up man?
why haven't replied to my tweet by my i am going to cry if you don reply to me by in the end of my bday (november)
Props to for apparently having *already* reached out w/possible job openings to the reporter Gannett fired b/c of his blog.
Thanks for the retweet. <3 Love you both. :)
Wishing you a speedy recovery!
You are so fun! Glad you enjoyed DorD! xx
suggests targeting the right prospects. If co-op agents produce most of your sales, how do you effectively target this market?
YOLO - you only lose 2 billion once.
Zinga Fraser, NU AfAm graduate student, speaking on Shirley Chisholm & Barbara Jordan and black collective political trauma.
Had an inspirational day thanks connecting with other multi-touch enthusiasts always makes my day
Which, by the way, was a colossal mistake. Team gambled with Yo's future.
aw thanks! I'm sure your burn will be all gone by tomorrow. Glad you had fun! ;)
play doh got robbed! thought for sure they were a 1 seed!
As a society we do need each other. Why else would we have been given those feelings
it's not who I am underneath, it's WHERE I am that defines me.
Gould is often perceived as how Wittgenstein was.
buy a ticket to Chicago and come see me
lol yeah this is why I don't do sports. too much injury for moi
#ThatAwkwardMoment when someone's indirect tweeting crap about you and you just want to indirect punch their face.
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily !?
WOAH... careful out there Madison #blackice and #rain in December?!?!? What is this?
It's too narrow to be habitable space if one can touch both sides of the room at the same time.
To play scoring golf: check your alignment, strengthen your core for stability, Drive/Chip/Putt well, stay away from Db-bogey!
oh wait lol yea she does have a nice ass body but face NO
NOW following...lol. Using tweetcaster & it doesn't show who I'm following. Had 2 get on twitter 2 get it in.
Those people are all at the game today. I know this because they were all in my seating section on Friday.
Awww, I'm sawwy. I don't know when I'll be back in Indy either. I've shifted my attention to Denver. So many resumés submitted...
Climb a ladder into the sky is awesome. Everybody should get it.
ready for spring break ah
thanks for putting that great video together of the event with !
i need that!
oh my goodness! I had no idea! I'm on now!!
bout right
needs to get a fucking phone so we can be friends.
that junt goin in memphis stand up
Thanks for the RTs , , and !
You guys look like one, big happy family on set for Delta Air! Way to go Molly Vlk, Ken O' Conner and the Ketterer twins
Activating my Chase card: 9-minute tedious call with multiple sales pitches. Used to be easy and quick.
coming home by Diddy and Skylar Grey would be even better than homecoming for CJ
I am too! Awesome. RT : I am pumped the #Browns will be wearing their brown jerseys at home this year!
Arguing with #comcast = Showtime + more channels for less than we were paying before jacking up our rates.
I thought he was a man but he was just a little boy.
Finally got my sixth meal in. 6/30
She always in a hurry! What can I say, that's just her
I SAW MIKEY:3 awhehe. my night is complete.
Tired of using people yet?
Just made it to Brussels. Tired but excited to see the city and the gymnastics.
msg me if you're going to #digiday events in LA this week
5 shows left of Curse Of The Starving Class. I have 4 more comps/2-for1s. First come first served! Fri/sat 8pm, sunday 2pm. :)
I been doing that for years! Glad to see your starting! :)
I'd tune in.
How insignificant we are as a species, to have only built one New York.
followed :) thanks for the follow <3
not sure yet...on the way to the restaurant
"It's almost 2012 and we're still abusing the a milli snare drum" - hypothetical opening line of a hip hop public service announcement.
Wow! Thank you for the kind words. Glad you enjoy.
this is adorable!! i'm so beyond excited for you guys & your family :) :)
Also discovered that there are TONS of Jamba Juice's in the area I am serving in in Washington! SCORE!!! :D
lol, me? You not abt that life..
Love is not enough. It must be the foundation, the cornerstone - but not the complete structure. It is much too pliable, too yielding.
You can get the same pay working at Sutherland, which is considered entry-level in the first place. Xerox could do better.
I didn't get to #KissThemGoodbye live, but I'm glad to see Goodbye Wisteria Lane is trending. All good things must come to an end.
Fab Design Tip: Make sure that the general lighting in a room is adjustable.
Gosh, I cannot imagine how you were when Probert was around snorting cocaine before games actualyl started......
You should give the co-host job on your tv show to someone unbiased, so you don't lose credibility for being such a homer!
I had the same meeting with him on Sat.... He's dedicated and his own publicist apparently.
◊ Yeah. For me I don't need any, but absolute proof would B great 4 Ryan 2 end it once &for all. Rest assured they're looking.
Any kid friendly shows in Chicago? :)
"If you can't take the heat, get outta the street." Or just go inside, turn the fan on and play some video games!
#MyCostume - Tinker Bell.:D can't wait !!
It's Humpday & Dinner time...doesn't a burger sound delicious? Pop-in for a some juicy treats!
I should be here everybody coming thursday for my bday
RIPLEY'S BELIEVE IT OR NOT
Getting our Avengers fix with
I can't deal!
awesome can't wait - big fan of - liked ur answers today about the Bulls - be nice to see Rip go to the Bulls
Might as well have been - fabric ballet flats. Breaking out the boots tomorrow.
Never in dialogue tags.
Thanks for the follow!!!
Yeah definitely. I've been running a lot of school related errands today though. The beginning of the new school year is stressful
I. Need. A blueberry. Slushie. Now.
i didnt leave you!! lol u left me!!
Ann Boyer: "Community is Satanic." This is a baroque, lightly romanticized trope, not a refusal.
alot going on this week, cutting v/o demos, signings in hollywood with managers, pr firm, locking down the apt in the north hollywood area
RT : “How people treat you is their karma... How you react is yours.” ~ #LoveLife!
can I get a shoutout boy?(:
Hey!! <3 I love you so much. Everything is going great.. well, except that it's SNOWING in Chicago!!
Yes. Per Newsweek.
This is the type of situation that makes legends! Who will it be?
ur slow. anyways GUESS WHAT
there is some sort of payment going on
it was entertaining
how are you feeling?
We are lovers lost in space, Searching for our Saving Grace.
Happy VETERANS Day "We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude." -Cynthia Ozick
I love their pastrami!
hahah it will be okay.
I was thinking Candice's kids can redeem for 3 books in no time!
I agree!! RT Topps now trying to sell kids baseball cards on apps. Was much better with cardboard & stale gum.
: I'll talk to my dad, and yes.
Right there w/u! Still haven't finalized my plan 4 #mlanet12 yet, there's so much I want 2 do! Maybe I'm subconsciously avoiding
great view Kei. Good luck today, we are all behind you guys!
plz follow me u would make my bday the best ever and everyday be my best day cause you followed me so plz do!!!!!
MT : Excited to discover the hashtag #ShowAndMail! Take a gander at #snailmail other people are sending & receiving! Love it!
haha I just saw this now...& the DD didn't work. Of course. Blah
Kind of hard to focus on shopping for fat booty jeans considering that some child is being abused by their parent right now.
Right, exactly.
I thank God for another year of my life on earth.
Thanks to our new followers:
Done and done. Did I just retweet an @ response? Gosh I am tired but looking forward to the conversations.
Thought for sure Bachmann would come out wearing little Constitution pasties...bo!
she reminds me of a west side story
Kids is irrating me
Dinner inDC with oral history royalty. Don and Anne Ritchie and Terry Birdwhistell. Amazing conversation about importance of oral history!
Beyond the occassional troll forum post, they don't interact with the community directly at all.
Writing my book! So stoked(: Also tryna save money to publish it, know any good(cheap lol) publishers? Lulu perhaps?
Ever been caught smooshing by your mom ? Damn .
and garena still hasnt fix it's servers.. wtf.
LOL. I was meeting a client. I swear.
They change twitter just as much as you change you mood!! #ALOTTTT!!!!!!
SO MUCH WORK. D:
Good morning ! :)
hahha i cannot wait to buy stuff for myself haha
Correction to that last tweet: Tickets for 's workshop go on sale tomorrow (Thursday) at noon.
RT : Happy National Philanthropy Day! Thanks to u & your support more lives are being saved through organ & tissue donation!
Marcus Kidd's new single: "I Worship You" to be released soon.
Really? Just came on? Just like that?
First day of the #EducationUSA conference in KL. Great welcome dinner and traditional dance last night. Wonderful meeting new advisors!
ya? Awesome! Tweet us a pic!
If you are looking for a book to read during an intermission I recommend the epic fantasy WIZARD'S FIRST RULE by Terry Goodkind.
OMG I've stopped abusing Gary Busey and now I'm goin' after Mickey Rourke
Thanks for the follow - looking forward to your sitting on
Couldn't have said it better myself! “RT : Wherever I am in the world, I walk into one and I am home. #WhyILoveMuseums”
We are always interested in working with local farmers but remember we have our own farm as well. Dm me your email please. Thx.
C'mon metta you stronger than that.
Tip for preventing mold: Watch out for compost piles! If you one, keep it far from the house to prevent mold spores from entering the house.
Going to be more Twitter #dedicated :')
lol shut up
I'm tweeting to annoy Alex
Put in a lot of minutes tonight. Predicting sore legs tomorrow.
Cheers! Need get you to London and show Europe
; Will talk with some of ur team ltr today! (and we're proud of Indy for impressing the world)
What's Your Genre? R & B, Pop, Rock, Country??? & Why... Tell Us & we'll send you a $30.00 VISA Gift to the 30th person who responses?
A child's life is like a piece of paper on which every person leaves a mark.
your not replying
If you have aches, pains or old injuries you're going to love tomorrow's deal! We're already psyched about it :)
Strange: When opening the MLB.tv window for the Marlins, the Ian Kinsler is shown on the Marlins scoreboard in the loading screen. Why?
Enjoy those Google search tips and thanks for the RT!
Seeing at tonight!
Working on some cool new things are you guys ready?
How fucked up do you have to be if your waiting, excited, for your younger brother so you can tell him his bunny died?
Lol. How you been
We hope all the #AWP attendees at last night's parties aren't suffering too badly this morning...
Is Doing It Right..Go Babe..I Love You
What is your #recsports league doing manana for Cinco De Mayo?? Derby, bar specials?
just went RT crazy.
I think mine might work for you. Aaron has it.
what's the surprise?
Man who are these orioles ?.
Thanks we're already friends there.
This has to be the longest car ride ever!!
Thanks ! It should be fun. Keep in touch, and if you make it up to Boston, let me know!
If you're afraid to discuss your idea, it's likely too vulnerable to imitation to be worth pursuing.
Man princess wore me out today. First shopping at the Hello Kitty Store then the Disney Store. Then Dada went watch shopping :)
I'm gonna have to get this done, on my own.
Seriously O'Hare 45 minutes to get through security and there is only one security area open?
Glad you liked! Thanks for braving the awesome PDX weather. I know where to eat in Orlando now!
Woman who sources say confessed to killing son and dumping body in Maine has been taken to hospital in Concord, Ma.
Yeah Yeah Yeahs
Nice story, but it never happened. :)
Hey #PDX! What's your favorite way to cool off?
what's good bro
Come on NBC
I think i need a break from drinking for a while
Hit 100k DL's of the Podcast today! Big ups! New Episode up soon!
Pretty-much engrossed in
Cleansing is so important to maintain your health. A clean colon makes it easy for your body 2 absorb nutrients & shed excuses fat in middle
I'm soo sleepy! I am lacking sleep💤💤💤
At Duckworth's in #Mooresville. Lots of supporters in #Iredell so I spent 4 days here this week.
u don't understand... HOME SKITTLY BISQUIT!!!! I loooovvvvveeeee you!
nm but wat bout u guys?
RT I think dinner tomorrow will be USDA Prime steak!!! :D --NO!
I thought he looks more like The Mentalist RT Is it me or does Jamie Dimon look like the Irish cop from Bridesmaids?
#dtc354 tuan contrasted american horizontal to oriental vertical space but the view to the expanse can give hope regardless of direction.
Ok, haven't seen it yet, but sound like it will hate it. What happened to cool stripper girlfriend?
I love America, #thethingis, I just don't.... like it where I live... or, belong here... I don't know lol.
Having BDay lunch with friends form work.
hello twitter how are u all ????? ^_<3
Don't worry, that feeling will come back when you get your first exam grade.
Stuck at a road block with three kids in the car, waiting on the vice president to go by.
Hello Twitter. I'm Steve. Nice to finally meet you!
VACO posters are now up for sale on the Pick-Up online store!
Knicks #nbaplayoffs + Rangers #NHL... doest it get better for a Saturday. Maybe #goblue football?!?
Wow!! It's been a while since my last tweet! Been so busy, just got back from spending the 4th in Wonderful Williamsburg,Va! :D
Contents of comment box for our current exhibition: 3 vulgar anatomical drawings, 1 "I don't care."
Going to start vlogging soon. The only camera I have is a Sony Cyber-Shot DSC-W70. Boo. Any suggestions on what I should vlog about?
kicked off the Rubicon demand side customer roadshow today with VivaKi, Varick Media Management, The Trade Desk - a day of opportunity
people with #nolips honestly scare me !
#tellallyourfriends is trending, how awesome!! :) so proud of and the rest of TBS
Yesterday, rode my FIRST ever real rollercoaster. Yesterday, rode my LAST ever real rollercoaster.
Gym with Kristie just like the old days
Playwright Harold Pinter died... What a sad Christmas.
Happy birthday grandma love you and miss you and grandpa so much
good to finally meet you Friday- glad you enjoyed everything!
Thanks! Differences are inevitable so it's impossible to treat all as if theyre the same but respect is the key in my opinion. :)
Man good luck! I'm a huge fan can't wait till your in Vegas would be honored to meet you! Your training inspires me in rehab.
I think is bored with beating me at Scramble With Friends.
Fam's over.
I offer my most earnest prayers for you and your entire family !
Need a new set of friends. Since I don't have anyone to hang out with anymore.
What screws us up the most in life is the picture in our head of how it is supposed to be.
No one does it better than <3
go get em! Cheetah!
No problem bud, have a good weekend! :)
If you guys ever want to do an interview, we're more than willing! :D
Hitting the for CORMAN'S WORLD..but first Barking Spider!
But he is doing what's best
That's weird. Why?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you realize someone was actually home the whole time you were singing at the top of your lungs.
RT Becoming addicted to 25-calorie diet cocoa. So warm, so filling, so yum yum!
It's about time for HAPPY HOUR!! Who else is sick of work today??
I thought we were already following each other, Mimi. Weird. :-)
thx Ray! RT : Dalton a great person He really know how to get in touch with people's feelings thru his songs=)
so jealous ": Wheels up to Nashville ✈ 😌"
Tonight will be interesting night. Spoken Thursdays meets Acoustic Thursdays at Zella's Pizzeria 1145 Hollins St 21223 (9-12) $5 BAR OPEN!
Happy 13th Birthday Google. Most Useful Site Ever
: Lol my bad. But still that's weird!
Excited I move in my new apartment monday
Would you please give Vincent my best?
I can't wait to follow and creep as hard as possible. Maybe some sexting. Thanks for the suggestion !
Wake up, Shower, Go to school, Tan, Makeout, Repeat.
The duets back then >>>> #Omg Ashanti, Ja Rule, Jennifer Lopez, etc. all of them were perfect.
i have my first day of school tomorrow . wish me luck ?
I don't get it I would hate to think I tricked them They fall victim to my system Guess I sure know how to pick them
2 thank you twitter for letting me rant about stoppid shieet.
You should be in bed sleeping. Now. Right now. Now.
nice! What did you get?
I know how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie roll pop. But no clue whats under Gavin DeGraw's hat?
Bet ..I'mma Get Bck Wit Ya.
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!xoxox:))
RT : If you aren't a little drunk, raise your hand. No, I was just reaching for another beer.
"Juicy lips" or "tatted up"?
With Kush RT : I love orange juice”
I hadn't paid much attention to my bracket, but still in it with 3 of my Final 4 picks still alive. UNC over Kansas, babe!
In the midst of life's storms, a solid relationship with God is your anchor.
It may be COLD outside but it is WARM in my office!! Several appointments to show HUD homes!
Hoes be crying wolf
Doing alright! How about yourself?
I seem to get screwed over in every possible situation there is. FANTASTIC
What'd you drink?
"It's like sherbet......on crack."
thanks for all your responses! good night :)
get CFLs, they are supposedly better in the winter time for seasonal depression, i use them and like the way they look better
Funny that when I was 15 I laid on tin foil in baby oil to get tan. Now I'm swimming in SPF75 & am brown like a cocoa bean.
big fan here in saint Paul MN.
Have you had your "Shake of the Day?" Come in and roll the dice for prizes!! Ask a Roots team member how!
Rapping GWB instead? // RT just confirmed that he does NOT have any rapping Obama vids as part of his talk.
Sleepy had 4 meetings this Mornin its been a Productive Day just Finished a show , People r Lovin Call Of Duty!!! If u dnt got it, u need it
Yeah but that's 4:50 pm here. Which is later than 4:30.
thanks we went down to Independence Hall, hit up Yards brewery trying to checkout grab a bite to eat we shd def meetup sometime
Congrats to Claire for winning a copy of book & iTunes download of album!!!!
Sittin with talking about how we love following 
About to watch this 24/7 on HBO with . Got the DVR set for series recording.
Running a little late because crazy people on the road do dumb things
Word of the semester "drosophila"
you sent the wrong girl home, Lisa had a bad mouth on her in her audition for CSI, trust me she's never gonna be a top model ever
": I want to cuddle" here i come
I love Josh Thole. I really do.
Thick girls >>
Ovechkin to the box? Missed it.
by a whale, bleeding powers, six months in a leaky boat, and woke up near chelsea ft. marissa screamale please u rawk!
sorry for partying (while on a bus).
Meanwhile, Rick has looked terrible. And I've only seen him throw 10 pitches.
Odd News - Edible Art, Hamburglar Surrenders, Urinal Video Game via
Patti deserved better than that. Shame on you BET.
sure Hi'i
Freaking myself out by watching Black Widow Spiders on
Took the whole family to see the #Monumental Movie and it was incredible. Great Job!
Never too much!
who doesn't?
": We're on some Allman Brothers with this riff." Z I dicktease yalllll
We're at 's Enterprise Architecture Forum stop by the booth 505 to enter to win a new iPad
Don't tell me not to take work too serious,I bust my ass cause my ancestors got their asses busted.
Had a great week
Hahah! And there is so much truth to that. You're a great friend to have! :))
about YouTube?
Yes, more of that!
are you a gemini? Our talent is technology :)
OH MY GOD is your pic a semlor?? I never noticed that before! I've got an awesome semlor recipe!
Darling was so excited to tell me about the John Travolta scandal that he used his genitals as puppets.
I'm so excited to go back to work tomorrow. Adios sickness! :)
"I'm not talented like Danielle, or gorgeous like Eleanor. But if One Direction can accept me for who I am, I'll be perfectly fine with it."
It's snowing!!
RT “: If u end ur day having done more than 50% good as opposed to bad, u had a day that u can be proud of. #LifeLessons”
y'all should come to new york, or close to new york:) you have lots of ICONiacz on the east coast!!
Dreamt I remixed Madonnas 'Give Me All Your Luvin' into dancefloor anthem & it went hard. Woke up, realized song still sucks
Bravi! Bravo that my big celeb crush is teaming up w/ my favorite 80s rock star for her
How about that +/- of -20 dude. The game was a Heat blowout when you were out there.
What time do you work??? & how long is your breaks?
yes, it is beautiful. it'd be great to get this in a poster.
okay. thank you!
combo in Spanish >
Chocolate, of course. Is there any other kind of cake? ;o)
It wasn't a porn dream with Olive Oil was it?
There's no better feeling in the world than helping others feel good about themselves
that one rooftop spot on 5th ave that induces lots of memories... o my.. lots of #memories ...
Haha the burning of the E was awesome and we won our football game :p
I did and love it OKC hope they sweep LA out of playoffs.
I'd stick to your witty twitter updates and opinionated articles. What would you do differently? Focus.
sounds like your entire life has been a lie
Everybody deserves a little slice of Happiness.
The show must continue... Are you ready?!?
Cant wait to go to sleep tonight
SWEET.. Thx. Gives the boy somethin to do, PLUS Dad will go home that night and Add Stats, Video Effects etc.
vietnamese food
boy, you really don't get it do you?
oh shut up. Dork.
Yeah, you need to hire me ASAP.
just realized how similar our tweets are, with me thinking long term, you thinking short. HA!
#sschat #edcamp How do I find out about edcamps?
Are we still talking about Teen Wolf? And if not, can we?
Again, why is Hack Greinke out of the game? He needs to take one for the team when he decides to not focus.
Excited to learn that this year's will be #Othello. Shakespeare in the park is such a great Forest Park outing.
Today is also independence day for
All visionaries begin their journeys as children. Meet ours. http:///bit.ly/q64Iud
she is! There's a lot of love and hormones floating around this place!
POUR UP TYME!
Here we go again with all the things you said, & not a minute spent.~
Short, witty, yet bland and generic tweet about a current event.
yes yes yes.
happy birthdya, my darling. c:
lol, rise and shine pumpkin!!!! ;) Glad we're carpooling today!
u r a gemini
Hey ,you wanna play a game?
Where the hell u been?
Love conquers all. Virgil
Night world long day ahead tomm!
Hey, the spice must blow..
Thank you Libby
Heading out for an audition today for a pilot....
All extra credit this quarter, in it's glorious, beautiful splendor will not be wasted!
America we need to get our act together~
RT : At the and with Jamila today on a site visit! Very impressed with the Monticello exhibit.
Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery. ~ Fulton J. Sheen
": Enjoy it #Laker fans, y'all won't get past Durant and the #Thunder" I know I know
I am so proud of our President for his supporting #MarriageEquality I call on all to do the same! End #DOMA now!
"Okay! Where's the rest of the Mexicans?"
pick a day (:
911 is for Emergency Response. JTrek is for Emergency Prevention! Deter crime with Smartphone Surveillance.
It is only to the individual that a soul is given.
"i swear" only thing better "i hope that u feel the same way2, yes i pray that u do love me too"
I'll tell ya what: the only thing that sucks about #fridaynightdinner is the small episode count.
Nice that Tebow will be able to "find his way" in the quiet of New York City.
Anybody want a pass to the H.Y.P.E. Texans Draft Party tonight??? Should be pretty exciting...considering it's a H.Y.P.E. event...
Join us Team Thomas today 4:30pm - 6:30pm at 1ST STREET & RHODE ISLAND AVENUE NW for PM Visibility.
Me too, but I knit. Which gives me two stabby needles. It's an exercise in self-control.
A shit load of people just unfollowed me. THATS JUST SPLENDID.
Bewley fans are waiting. We want to hear from you. The pressure is on. You have the story:).
Going through old childhood books and finding out my favorite book when i was little was a Bible.
Do you like Dragons? Cause in a minute im gonna be Dragon these nuts across your face.
"Wine is bottled poetry." -Robert Louis Stevenson
I love coming home after working all day just to clean up after everyone else who's been here all day.
I so agree with you! I wanted to throw something at the TV. Did you see the singer's face? It was like Gore when he lost to...
Happy Tuesday! #WAYN'sPledgeDrive is in progress, you can donate, at your will- as little or as much as you wish ;)
were you drunk?
Don't ever call a woman a whore, especially if she is a whore because she'll jack up the price. There is some good free financial advise.
well thank you my friend:)
We've recently come to the realization that open outdoor space is #priceless. What are some of #SF's outdoor gems?
He will tell you more than Ican
Slight work!!! Wale a beast
YO! Follow the #firstladyoffieldstone and show her some love! Tell IT!
I'm actually working right now, ha ha. Saw you were on...I work from 10pm-6am! Busting bad guys!!!
Ron Swonson or John Legend? I spend most of my time outside of work on music blogs or watching Parks and Rec.
For my next performance art piece, a dear friend will stab me in the side on the Magnificent Mile in Chicago. The video might go viral.
TRUTH: BY OSCAR
Fact: my coworkers are my best friends <3
"No Frank, I can't spend my life with you, your apathy and indifference would eventually destroy my soul"
Do not miss IOC meeting today. Venue: RBSC 310, from 12pm to 2pm. See you there
Hello Brad, I'm sorry that things did not work out with you and M. Feel and heal. Praying 4 you.
oh I know. He's so sweet & ah he's so adorable & just like idk how to explain it.. (x haha<3
you look no where near 40
I beez in the trap be beez in the trap I beez I the trap be beez in the trap!!
i know dude there will be plenty more, u might have to add another slash after the i rival tho hahah
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. Seneca
Follow and .
I've been wanting a FroYo since it's warmed up. So, I'll run around Stone Mountain and then treat thyself to
So half cap tomorrow >>>>
All great men have mustaches!
Leno had the highest household rating for a Fri. show in its 17-yrs, not the 41M viewers Carson had. Different time slot, show & era of TV
if I own full versions of both can I get the update for free?
Hold on... A half birthday??? Negro what?
We don't agree with the R.E.M. death sentence.
The new is scheduled to release today. They should be available here in time for office happy hour here from 4-6PM.
my cousin is here at home I'll run out of cheeks so she bites me
Truth about Families Families are like fudge - mostly sweet with a few nuts. ~Author Unknown
One take away from #mlearncon - MLearning is more about designing learning experiences than course conversation.
haha sounds like a plan
S/O to my new followers :)
Guess who's smart?? Right after I showered and got ready for bed I went & asked my sister should I shower? Haha -_-
#CodyToWisconsin ... if you live in wisconsin lets get it trending! wisconsin misses you! I LOVE YOU CODYYYY! <3 143
Follow the crowd & you will never be followed by a crowd.
So much for my diet this week- consumed an ENTIRE choc-oatmeal cookie from crazy good...
After 10 hours of work I fall into this thing where I just click around mindlessly on Twitter. Someone get me out of the office. Now.
Listening to Kate Bush's latest, 50 Words for Snow. The eponymous track sounds worryingly like the "Pokérap" to me. #gottacatchemall!
I miss my baby! Just was wit him, but I can't enough of some him.
youtube i will put it on youtube... share it on facebook... well idk
Oh.My.SCIENCE! That dog is so cute. call him Malone. How long have u had him?
yeah, it does that
Interesting... is this the new doc? or the one you started from?
My life since then has nvr been the same. And evry time I go back, I look for it. And evry time I'm unsuccessful finding it.
yes. It was returned safely
we're ready :) yeah!
See u in Feb @ the latest! RT : Great to have , & the folks from back. missed ya
Please follow me(: 13
JB I live in Ferrara (Italy) you will find me one day!
Busch Gardens has released some secrets about Verbolten? Who wants to know what they are?
people saying get back w. her but it aintt easy lol
Check out our live music lineup this weekend! Jim Stevens Trio play Friday and Scott Laytham and Karl Holmes play Saturday. Both 9-12am.
Just received the new issue of Chief Content Officer magazine - another fantastic effort from the #CMI - #CCOmag team! Really proud
seeing you at viper and angels&kings tonight?
RT : News Alert: #Ustream is inaccessible due to a large scale DDOS attack targeting Russian opposition channels on Ustream.
follow back...
No words to describe Robbie Cano
We sometimes want our ex back because we are driven toward familiarity and confuse it for love.
What is the reason for wearing heels to the mall?
Thanks Lian! I would give them 2 you lived nearer lol :( Love you Twin sis
Our friends are here. Hilary Shelton of is speaking and just arrived!!
Im still going to watch...
Unbelievable. Wearing the same thing as Ann Curry. Back to the drawing board, I guess.
congrats to superstar on his recent pilot booking! awesome news for an awesome dude!
How many items do you have in your portfolio? I hear a range.
“: Tune in at 10 to see a photo of from High School Prom #hair #classic” >> man, the 1 wknd I'm out of town!
That awkward moment when a whore calls someone who's not a whore a whore.
theirs two men out their now with yellow tape and cameras?
Congrats and welcome! :) RT : FINALLY got my acceptance letter from FIU. Time to get my MBA on!!!
SPI Early Enrollment Deadlines December 1st! It's time to pick your favorite city and get the ball rollin'!
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 55 to 61.
Not another RRoD : (
“#Power always thinks it has a great soul and vast views beyond the comprehension of the weak.” - John Adams
"finding:students' personal aesthetic values override traditional aesthetic values" & "classroom as source of students' aesthetic values"
SHE A BAD CHIC- she told me she aint no set-up Chic; I don't believe her! YE!
Today is a great day 2 be alive
Harrow gonna help us out at all? Everyone is making a big deal over him!
Disneyland with the kids and my husband
Can't buy love, Can't hide Hate 100% Fact most people Are FAKE.
are you headed for Churchill Downs??
How does it compare to Batman: The Animated Series?
make two dreams come true but following me nd 2
Nice day.<3. bout to go zap zone. ;D happy birthday to kayla. (:
ha! unfortunately, no, but we're still feelin' fancy.
naa i only fuck wit ppl who fuck wit me
Unpacked and intoxicated.
My toe hurts so had from being stepped on so much last night. Wtf.
I would but my phone will go off and I won't be able to stop it. Let's just send emails like
Oil change, car wash, zumba then some fun, game today!
Haven't even started on the TKMB project...my group is so lazy -_-
I'm not saying Metta World Peace shouldn't get some games, but I'm curious to hear what McHale, Parish, Laimbeer and Mahorn think.
The beat is so cool and calm, makes you just wanna chill.
The Best Rebuilding Years of Our Lives
I have an old one but it barley works... hahah if you still want it though?
Discussing the Tigers woes right now. Is there a quick fix out there? 248-848-1130.
Choppa style, chop chop choppa style...
I'm installing a hot HD Digital Antenna all over Albuquerque! Surrounding area, too. John Racette - 350-6428
13 relay. Let me see your legs! Best van names include "wtf thought this was a 5k". Go bananas, sole sistas, and lady legs
I don't like that #eileenbrady always looks like she's smelling something offensive. I don't like #Jeffersonsmith's suspicious accent...
You're welcome! On tumblr there is a huge following of dance. About 200 different blogs solely devoted to dance.
I may consider myself a foodie but nothing says comfort food like a grilled cheese with Kraft singles on Eddies white bread.
Per Vogel, all starters will play tonight except for Granger.
: Supporting 21st century skills is a key part of what children's librarians do.
We can do it for $90 per hr. Shoot me an email. There are ways to make it faster.
This would happen to you... LMAO RT : Literally almost lost my lunch. But really. It was sitting on the top of my car.
Happy birthday to my wonderful grandfather. I love you, Papa!
a good group to follow for local
Anything said ova da world wide web is to b laughed @ not killed over!!!
"The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want. Until later xoxo
Dear I've never heard a show on public radio as pointless and unfunny as Wire Tapped
The History Channel isn't what it used to be.
Awh Justin makes usher feel old becuz he teases about his phone & how slow he types awh poor usher lol Justin is such a teaser lol :D
Ewe willie don't touch his hand #dont knowwhereitbeen": thanks 4 the save Willie #highfive lmao"
Found a T-Shirt at HotTopic today.. there was only one left.. and it wasn't in my size. MOTHERF*CKER!
what's goin down tonight???????
Someone's been screwing with my motion detector light bulbs...literally. Just twisted them back in for the third time this week.
SocialTech 2010: Jeremiah Owyang provides helpful pros/cons of social sign-on for B2B lead capture
OK, lets pick the first topic for the Weird Life Podcast, then it's on to scheduling.
What...is going on...on SNL right now...
Not looking forward to the rain tonight, hopefully it drenches my yard and stays away from the highways
Will be available for call if someone wants to try me anytime after 6 PM CST, not making any promises, but I will discuss.
At Google learning Python on a Friday night. I'm a nerd!
You said "Bullying and harassment is NEVER a solution". You walk away from #PETA & allow animals to be Bullied & Harassed??
It's my Friday! Almost caught up on my DVR, got thru Tosh.0, Practical Jokers, and How I Met Your Mother, let's see what else is on there...
Alright!!! Day two and ahead of schedule! Let the magic begin!
Sweet sunsets rasta muzak funky drums with a fire on the grill n my fam most of all
oh yeah... The one in the car is not done yet.
The BWCA fire keeps getting bigger. Authorities report the fire near Ely is now covering some 60-thousand acres.
bad broad love to FUCK wit her head down and her ass bent
Someone let me out of GameStop.
I've been thinking about growing corn in my backyard
RT : Henny would be clutch right now...
Thanks Mary Jane, so am I! ;-p Have a great week!
If she goes to the salon to get acrylic nails on her toes
Chronos considering having event in Hollywood at MiMoDa Studios! New movie "First Position" was recently screened there... Thoughts?
Sex Before School>>>>
would change the oil every day if I always got free popcorn and cookies whilst I waited.
Best of luck in Minnesota. Will miss watching you play in Providence/Boston.
you guys are crazy. :D
I want to set you up to talk to Rocket Fuel on background. www.rocketfuel.com. There's an interesting story there...
#Pets need great food, exercise, rest, sunshine, friends, a job and a place to go for great information www.wholepetdiet.com
I don't care who it is....showing photos and videos of dead bodies on TV will always disgust me.
Breaking News: Ryan Raburn may miss tonights game suffering with tendinitis in his left arm from swinging & missing frequently
viewing the Dieter Rams exhibit with and
Last big pre- meeting before Only 3 days to go!
Who knew!!!
I just saw this. My phone died that night “: I'll be there shortly, I'd like to hear about it.”
Dinner time! yayy!
Pext me so i know it's real. 😍😘
Are you gonna kiss me or not?
I have to do an extra assignment for contemporary art class. I'd rather
“: TY4MT: #MakeADifferenceMonday” Have a great day!
my wife and i did half of it a few years ago. each city was so vastly different.
At symphony hall waiting for the concert to begin. Great program tonight. Very excited about the Coronation Mass!
Coastal Clean Up Day: SEPT 25th 8am-12pm. Join ARTS at Mission Bay High School for an environmentally themed community mural
I voted<3
memorial day weekend, we hope. any suggestions for new covers?
thanks so much for the follow!!! The Mattrezzz Guys can help you live stronger with a new mattress so keep us in mind!
Certainly hoping I'm picked to host a #KeurigParty featuring the new Keurig Vue with House Party!!! If so, coffee at our house end of April!
Spent my last night's sleep in Chicago dreaming of call time, outstanding money and spreadsheets.
Matt Kemp has gone Full Yunel on the basepaths in this series.
Where was that line in the 2007 ALCS????
RT : Sad to learn of Carl Beane's passing. He was one of my favorite parts of going to a Red Sox game. May he rest in peace.
Ryan Sweeney is reminding me of Mike Lowell, I throw in to a trade that had a resurgent season. Hope he continues this way.
Its clear that #cybersecurity has been framed wrong; 911 style cyberattacks & #IP issues are not the problems
Does think that Cutler won't fold? I'd lay my money on that happening more than with Rodgers
Im trying to get in twitter jail wats the easiest way twitter thugs lol
lol...nobody wants any of this
Don't swallow it c;
Maybe its not mean't to be. </3
"Headlights that are stronger than Daylight." Audi - Truth in Engineering.
I dislike these umps
i'm getting better k...
Awesome! RT points to new website as a game changer. "It's a node rather than an end point."
Really nice of Mayor Carcetti to lend a hand.
The reason I am self-employed is so I can occasionally drop everything and go snowshoeing. Which will be happening tomorrow.
my parents kidnapped me lol I had no say
It's like u said yesterday. Dump Hochevar. We need the to culture change. 600 innings? See ya later. Spend 10 mil on a SP!
This must be new If I had encountered that after they scrambled my seating -- three times in a row ... oh, darkness.
I was asked by the customs if I had anything to declare. I said: Yes, I'd like to declare -- I'm a genius!
A sharp tongue can cut your own throat!
Last night didnt go as planned. Haha
FOLLOW ME PLEASE <<3
Oh, you might be here for the games next month?? Keep me posted!
What is this shit im hearing about jelena breaking up?
alex come save me from school ! D;
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing. Brian Tracy
Shout Out to u
Civility costs nothing and buys everything.
I need these wonderful McFly fans near where I live, so much nicer than some of the mates I have :L x.
Line-up...COP OUT by THE ASST by Julie Cohen/Ted Kupper MS. YOUNG by SPIDERS & SNAKES by
#ImSingleBecause no one has given me the desire to change that.
Where the heck is a big Mega Millions PowerBall billboard in the Seattle area? Feel like I haven't seen one in ages & it would look cool now
Seeing Jay & Silent Bob with
Entertaining spam comment of the day: "Did hip hop create techno? Go to www.*******.com homie!"
Thank you, for playing 's Rosalita just now. Making finals time that much more bearable.
how was the fencing show?
Didn't know you could actually turn your iPhone completely off
Hmm. After consulting mom via phone, my knitting still looks like a bunch of knots.
personal assistant or assistant engineer? or is it both?
": PHONE, Y U NO COME WITH UNLIMITED BATTERY LIFE?"
i bet if u put your problems in a bowl with other strangers u would take yours back!
Happy cinco de mayo! Time to get crazy margaritas :)
tbbbh, i've always wanted to be a red head.. <3
He's dreamy...wonder if I can convince him to get married by Elvis...
Thanks for the follow! Here's to another quality gathering on May 15!
At this moment, I am fueled by coffee and science!
Never gave a fuck, but nothin bout me changed, still roll up those blunts, got diamonds in my chain
Hey Marcus, thanks for the shout out! Let us know if you have any questions.
Not sure who is worse in ISO situations: Rudy Gay or Paul Pierce
haha thanks for the support!
Let's go pacers beat the heat !!!!!!
$160 a blunt come on now lil bros LOL loud my dude im glad i dnt smoke
Grateful every moment for my life, my Love, and all the many blessings I have
I tried to tell my sister that YOYO was the new thing and she got very upset. Shes only young once so I let her get away with it.
We are hanging out soon!! 💜
holy moly to your formal pictures
do it!
The one thing you can give and still keep is your word.
Very cool! I'm extremely interested in tailoring meds & treatments to individuals based on personal genetic codes. Great idea!
can i get some shoutouts please i'm so close to 1300! i'll return them all :)
No duh😜
No date to prom. Forever alone.
wow im ss bored
Not my type of movie.
Those twelve hour shifts tend to get in the way of the #DnD ad Red Wine marathons, don't they? :-)
Think I'm gunna go to bed ....
Oh ladies that would be a dream!
thank u guys 4 your help in finding a dancer! Let me know if you find anyone!u rock!
hey! :) how are you?
Thank you for completely depressing me. Sheesh.
stay gold, pony boy
Damn forgot to ask to sign my shirt all the way from TX. Had a blast at event and hanging out with ya afterwards. Thanks.
Don't find love, let love find you. That's why it's called falling in love, because you don't force yourself to fall, you just fall.
Hey everybody. Watching my
“: Quick question for all the tweeps. How much Open Championship coverage will you watch? About 4 hours or so
Fuck that new girl that you like so bad
#sschat Internet down equaled big headache today.
I'm that one person who refuses to listen to anyone.. Lolol. Go follow that's the new page I run. ^.^
GO DAVID GO
Booking Shows for May, June, and July!!!!!!!
has any1 been askin for autographs???
now that's service!
the sky
I am craving maple glazed donuts....Where did that come from!!
I wish I was there! (: great job tonight I really love you boyz . Be ICONic <333
I'd rather watch the Station Agent (again and again) than any Star Wars episode. Just so you know.
No Bulls love from the ABC pre game team!
i dont even kno how this works :|
New home construction takes a tumble in April, reversing much of the increase reported in March, the government says.
Catch us baby. From da east to downtown baby . This shit don't stop
so... they're still on the island, AND they landed in LA???
First day at Royal Ink!! It's was awesome by the way! Did some awesome tattoos too! Thanks to everybody that's supporting us!!
no I'm not insomniac this is new to me I guess I have a lot of stuff on my mind and keeps me from sleeping.
do you think learning about relationships in school ar at home would help you communicate better?
Be there soon!
TODAYS MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i don't like texting you first, it feels like im bothering you.
youre welcome :-) so which type of music do u like to listen to?
At 44%, the City of Atlanta also boasts one of the nation's lowest graduation rates, landing it in the same pool of Cities in Crisis.
Yes I am and yes you do!!
#CarmineDavisFact , and follow ?
Just bought a watch, i already love it
Not that we are counting but our Famous Happy Hour starts in 2 hours!
I Love You Bby
Deep practice is blt on a paradox: struggling in targeted ways—operating at the edges of ur ability, where u make mistakes—makes u smarter.
Big Baby! Lol RT : *goin to bed* *folds arms, makes face, stomps away and slams door*
awRT : just the passion and love you have for this team. when i see that from fans, i get a little emotional lol
what it do!
I love my business trips to Pac Merc for Hawaiian Sun and li-hing mui gummy bears..."business trips"
October is National Pizza Month! It's your duty to eat all the Pizza you want! Try each one of our unique & delicious Gourmet Pizzas!
" Chubs" RT : What is a better name for a small male dog Gus or Chubs?
the only word i have for after tht text is
Time for beer!
See you guys there!
Country Music Awards were nothing short of awesome last night.. I wonder if any of those stars burn incense. Anybody like country?
I am happy to have found such a terrific org on Twitter! Welcome &I send the best wishes 4 extreme success!
Pub names are like tattoos: they mean the most to the owner.
Then you are so lucky! I am watching my inheritance go down the drain!
But, I have been forever grateful to my parents for giving me the gift of a smile that changed my life.
At Acting school in Ohio now, moving to LA after graduation in 2013 tho!! Then I will :-)
So subject change... Lol What's your favorite song? Hehehe (:
Wisconsin Cheese Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
no problem!
it feels like everything is starting to snap together to bring our game to a new level. Wow, it feels good!
Happy Easter to my friends that celebrate!
Plan discussed to bring younger refs in for early games, older more experienced officials for later more important games, will save mucho $
GroundBreak Presents: SouthBay Swag Party - IAMSU with performances by Brohydez!!! January 14th $20 's Lounge!! Reserve your ticket!
Sorry for the strange messages today! It appears we were hacked and hopefully the problem is fixed now! They were not us!!
Oh god, if I read one quote from Vinny Cerrato on the #redskins draft my head will explode! ....and there it goes! *boom*
Laughed out loud at your #HITsm #ONCchat post to
plz follow me back im your biggest fan plz follow
At AHO meeting in Omaha. Doris Bergen gave excellent talk on relationship between scholars and survivors.
haha, thanks for the support! :D
Time to pick my bracket again! This year I'll base it off of team colors. Last year's bracket (based on mascots) didn't turn out too well.
Just built a fire and now time for a movie.
Thank you for the RT! Hope to see you at the event.
That sucks. We are only going to make Fridays game. Wanted to stay for Saturday but couldn't make it happen.
Why can't I sleep damnt I've taken 2 sleeping pills
I don't understand Bruno mars. if i gave you all i had, and you tossed it in the trash? then bitch you can catch your own fucking grenade
it's finally hitting me that I'm moving out and I'm ecstatic.
Had a great group at my #vctm presentation on strategies and apps for fun math centers, now on to the beach for #vste meeting!
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species.
What You Know About Dat? *T.I Voice*
10-year Treasury rebounded.
Sure. We actually worked with the UW here in Pittsburgh on some texting. Shoot me a DM if you want to chat.
THANKS to all who bought Toot Away and helped us make it such a success this year. Sales are up over 500% and climbing. Thanks so, so much.
“: That was some fucking bullshit.. REPLAY”
final good byes? Where are you ping? Need a mover ;)
I need to be more "de vez en cuando" too! I feel like I miss *mucho* when I'm away from Twitter too long!
no ann…… the mocha cookie crumble loves you
It was ONCE poss. to make pride in nat., relig., race isomorphic. Simple demographics means it is no longer so...
Haha! That's the best!
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen for things to be okay again.
Just killing the nerd look. Sounds a lot like some if my friends. Lol
Dear were yopu at the mall today? Because me and my friend saw either you or an exact look alike. Please follow me :) ILY
Me too RT- : kinda addicted to Chris Brown's dick
I totally agree! They all want to be treated like adults, but can't seem to act like it most of the time.
#SinceImBeingHonest ... ur a dick! And me loves u <3
Thanks for following Nick
It has been a loooonnnngggg day. Praying tomorrow isn't the same way 🙏🙏🙏 Be blessed guys. GN!!!
It's refreshing to see classy girls properly rocking boot cut jeans versus the token skinnys or the tragic ugg / legging combo.
I need to dye the bleached part of my hair to a auburn color.
talking abt blogging as just following your passion - makes no money from blog, but wound up writing for
thanks for the great suggestions, !
They say that if you love someone you should let them go, but they never say what to do when they don’t come back.
Sorry I missed it today!
cause Thor is a stud... Fact.
When all those Wildcats leave for the association after losing to KU, what will ESPN have to talk about?
great to meet you Carol. :) it was an easy ride, actually!
LIght it up in here!!
Haha ok ok. Who was it then? I could've sworn it was you.
we have legacy this week... About to get wrecked AGAIN.
Go HARD in game 7!! .. Much love but i don't wanna see you guys back home till game 3 against the Spurs
THANKS! RT PA's Gettysburg NPS museum, Meadowcroft Rock Shelter, and The Hershey Story, all in fairly rural settings.
just had my interview at tommy hil a couple hours ago! Good luck man! Hope all goes well!
Whats up :p
What a crowd!
#Im4Falk b/c I've never known a stronger champ 4 women, environment, & human services. is the leader #WI needs.
I could really get used to listening to EPs before they're released.
mrkristopherk No idea! Always busy.
my brother won't let me us his laptop so I can't do anything :( HE'S SO FREAKIN ANNOYING.
Great seeing you too--will send some links and questions. Great sketchbook there.
At the dentist: "I always thought I was a good person but now I have a cavity." (Thulani)
You're* ^_^ RT your so weird man-_-
Well then, consider me a hells yes.
RIP Steve Jobs. You have forever changed the world of technology; you created it. Here's to you!
it would be nice to see Fulham FC in the top 4 or 5
Let's see'' the world is going to chit''' Our country has no money'' SO THEY SAY'''SCOTTY BEAM ME UP THIS PLACE SUCK'S'''
sorry didnt mean to make it awkward.
thanks Nicole
Howard Zinn is my dude
Crownn Urban!!!---- launch pad time..
Thanks for the photo. Glad everyone was OK!
Ladies..sometimes the best way to get our attention is by NOT going to the club every weekend. Pace yourself
Really glad I'm not on the double decker bus blasting dubstep slowly driving down 4th.
Is star power the only thing missing from the #occupywallstreet movement? Not a lot of celebrities lining up to support the efforts...
"Cone of Shame" = UNHAPPY Kitty. Warning there will B retribution on those who take advantage. Think the dog is in serious trouble.
Definitely! Wouldn't expect anything else from !
Excited about the next Broadway Series
She tried to give me her number with the small hand. Oh no it touched the paper.
Our 5th annual Ice House Chili Cook Off will Saturday Nov 5. Sign up your Cook Off Team. Entry fee $100
Just seen a teenage girl park her 96 Sunfire, and put a club on the steering wheel O_O
yes splaking kids eggs when they were turned around lol
show was good. I understand the importance of healthy cooking.. the kitchen is so important to family life
yes it's available, and it is due to get marked down today!
it's a regular ellis isle at #sxswi registration check in
yep. actually have seen it before, but with adwords. where the brass wanted higher CTR rather than better Cost / Conversion
haha oh okay :)
both sound great!
Fall in love with -head-over-heals, gaga in love - is the process of helping people get what they need and want. Get Great at Creating Value
I'm hoping Tootsie was on, you didn't watch the VHS right?
Muah! Thank you
oh man, I couldn't live in your house then! LOL
Peace and love to YOU this beautiful night.
Just wrapped my scenes for 'the Locker' - always a little sad to leave the set :(
A Wrench in the Dominique Strauss-Kahn Conspiracy Theory - Daily Beast
I definitely see the misleading nature of tht tweet now that you point it out tho, altho I believe the original posters message
Shit is going down at Meeker.
Even something as simple as showing someone a smile or acknowledgement can change someones day. I know it has for me.
...I don't want this to end.
Take the actions needed to achieve and then let go of the results, knowing that whatever they are they will pass.
on my third can of diet coke lime!!!...tax season is in full swing & life is good!
Get your Hair Did!!!
LOLOLOL RT : Other Fun Series Stats: Jeff Carter has three goals in the series, 'Yotes have two.
The nesting behavior is a clear signal that a pregnant #dog is about to give birth to her
I gotta dirty mind, I got filthy ways, I'm tryna bathe my ape in ya milky way.. Ima legend I'm ireverant I'll be reverend I'm so far up
#cataloging another Time Capsule full of newspaper front pages, this time 1981. Reading all the headlines about violence is pretty daunting.
HAHAHA. I THOUGHT YOU Disliked SOCCER. AND ZP Is definitely an IDIOT FOR BETTING
hope i get to talk to u too sis =] miss txtin u!!! night =[
- well im off this ' taco bell here i come lol :)
Love is not a feeling we have; it’s a decision to treat people the way Jesus would treat them
#Shameless RT : Nice! RT : Looking forward to my birthday :) first as a wifey. Making a wishlist for
Happy hour til 7pm. 2 for 1 burgers all day. Let's start the week off right!
one of my favorite rappers
thank you thank you
