Just laying down looking at the stars. It's warm, clear and quiet. Just one thing is missing.
First day of #p90x and ouch.
Hey, it's Portland. We're all green, aren't we? #I'mcomposting
damn. Mad I missed that!!! I've been waiting for that for years as a BU alum. Hope they play again next year
what can I say? Always thinking ahead. That will be one of the phrases I try in Brazil :) you need to teach me more, though
Your so pretty!!! #Jealous <3 (:
From mouth to mouth, like fish seeking dark places, the mist covers our traces covers our faces
Aye people go and follow for great tweets
hey Alex!!! How are u? (: I'm so bored! I'm writing my research paper-_____-
is that the Arizona Interactive Marketing Association?
can I have 's hair? pretty please?? <3
Don't miss "How to Suceed in Business..." tonight and tomorrow night at SCHS at 7. Great performances by everyone!
#tweetconfession Just like to start the day out by admiting, yes I'm a digital music hoarder. :-(
lol it ok.I remember u
Today in history, Bob Dylan records his first album in a single day at a cost of $400 in 1961.
I'm committed to this dream! I'm not gna stop until I'm playing with the stars!
Just Saw Chrissy She Coming May 5th :)
Angie has developed a world accent.
hhaaha your so dumb... loser
Lots of friends growing up around me lately. Fuck.
Now it's actually the Orange County Register.
I even look good in a broken mirror
hit me up sometime man
Manda saw it loved it as well “: Just saw The Avengers. Greatest movie I've ever seen and yes there's gonna be a sequel :)”
Kudos to gay guys. They don't have to listen to women bitch at them all day
#10favouritebands THE FRAY
Eating a bagel:).
is loveing her new boyfriend to death <3 he makes me feel happy agian =)
Whatever it takes, we walk together...
Did u c my TWEETS about u Starring in FRESH-OUT a Compton Hood Movie with n Mo Known Talent?
I own a flowershop downtown will send misbatum fresh flowers!!
Cleveland! Basketball!
follow me please
Fire in Greenfield, 2700 Block of Supreme CT. Dozen or so fire & rescue vehicles. Police have shut down 3 blks of Layton east of fire.
I know; searching the memory banks for suitable stories + laughing @ the terror of his red pen + old school virtues. Miss that.
Holder: Obama nominees taking "5 times longer" to be confirmed than GWB nominees.
good morning bro!
Wondering if Powe slipped in a workout today at the IPF? Good thinking, Freeze... Getting Boone out of town like that.
#niallhorantheplasticmouth hheheheheh trend if you get it
RT Your music is sounding dope man, keep at it! Send me some acapellas in the future, I would love to remix so...
I want my Kiss FM Back! How much ESPN can you listen to? 2 minutes!
Great wrap
taxes were higher on people and businesses in 1957
waiting for more followers so i can follow all my wonderful followers back. :)
5 days til Dallas. It'd be a lot easier to pack and focus on if I didn't have to move outta my apartment this week too.
Using video to build awareness? Then YouTube is great. If you're interested in driving traffic and conversions, use Fliqz.
HAHAHAHA. Oh God.
fly with me..er, I mean let's fly away cuz errday is like a Saturday night
I'm gonna hug you and squish your faces so hard.
Sell a bunch of records. Buy a bunch more.
Thank you so much I really appreciate that! Can't wait to see yours!
Haha. The ROTC kids always look tough, no matter what... Especially when I was in highschool.
Minimalism FTW! RT : As part of my minimalistic lifestyle I'm getting rid of things I don't need #tv #dvdplayer #401k :P
Follow this girl right here! Shes amazing and beautiful <33
I love adam levine
South Florida tweeps...another FREE FITNESS class at this morning. 10:30, Pembroke Pines. It's #FlirtyGirl and FUN!
if those kids want to bring surface-to-air missiles to class with them to defend themselves, they have every right!!
be,come be,fore
just left the studio bro
Hm yes, it is 9 pm, and you know that awful feeling when the alarm goes off, that familiar 'ugh'.....right? Good luck!
Senior citizen discounts have discrimination written all over them.
We say then then he scores, FINALLY! Lol RT : Yeh he is a waste
#SocialMediaTip Schedule Social Time
last night I had a dream featuring #Estrellita by Manuel Ponce... have you heard #Heifetz play that? Soo beautiful
well those are boring.... except the yellow lol
Won our soccer game!!! 7-0 yeah buddy
hasn't worked out since like last wednesday...
y'all are great! Love you too!
beautiful shot!
#duckdynasty is my new favorite show.
nah, the more real LOL is J. Terry saying he could see himself playing with the Heat next year.
So if your John Terry, do you wait in the locker room and apologize to your teamates or get on the next flight to London?
Share our similarities, celebrate our differences. — M. Scott Peck
#nw - Get Rich or Die Tryin'
why is Utah St. a night game?
Congratulations to the Nashville Symphony on their #Grammy win for Joseph Schwantner's Concerto for Percussion and Orchestra!
Hard to maintain Zen-like calm when someone insists on telling me medical-related horror stories abt leave, benefits, etc. Please. Stop.
#in interesting to see so many companies in GRC and Analytics
I'm planning to move to New Hampshire soon! Anyone willing to give advice?
YOU are TERRIFIC! I am one of YOUR Biggest Fans and Cheerleaders in NYC! Thanks, Always, Bob
We're going to have a House full of people tomorrow.
My friends are so mean to me. Lol
I am getting my hair all beautified for New York.
amen RT : gonna be so busy until regents are over
MY MOM FOUND MY FRUTATA RECIPE!!!!
ugh this person -__-
Thankful for the follow. Come change the world with us!
Cinco de Caucasian
Keep positive, be patient and have faith.
Nicely done Flickr w/ the Ektar love. And my pal was featured!
Should I give this beat????
Exposure to a wide variety of different viewpoints and activities is an essential prerequisite for the social construction of individualism.
Too tired. No time for bullshit today.
#confessionnight a part of me wants to take out my piercings so that people will look at me for my smile and not for how odd my piercings e
Its not a silly little moment, Its not the storm before the calm. This is the deep and dying breath of this love that we've been working on.
Filled with the Holy Ghost thank you Jesus. :D
Always good to hang with the Hendersons! Red Bowl Sushi, Gen Tao Chicken and a lot of Sweet tea.
dude.... Make sure the car chargers arent loose... #batteriesdietoofast :-)
A suggestion to not leave our homes for five days and a swift start to the rainy season=easy going weekend in Oaxaca.
Anti jokes are so funny, lol.
I might be offended if that made any sense
Man, 7 hours of Game of Thrones sure does make a girl horny.
I want to inflict physical and emotional pain on the person who gives the mugar closing announcements.
I remember! You got me into Jane Austen. One that was mentioned is a mystery called The Phantom of Pemberly.
Follow-up: It appears I'm inquiring after the 2nd Street Tunnel. (ht/thx and )
:: The Moment When You Take 45 Seconds To Figure Out What To Text Back ! ;) #True Shit .
Did you know that today is #NationalScrabbleDay? Go ahead, play Words With Friends from your desk today without any guilt.
Right there with you, man.
the mare okay because I love justin ♥
Enjoying an evening out with my bunny So lovely. Wish were here too!
D - Never
There is no easy path to fulfillment and Truth. The work is hard but most rewarding. Those who try shortcuts are condemned to false illusion
Polygamy Commune / oh, wrong candidate - i got nothing.
yeah, but I'm actually going like at 8. I'm going to try & get there much earlier.
oh gosh, we have to swap stories then. i've got one similar.
Fill in the blank: My favorite springtime snack is _________.
thanks for following me.
Looking forward to #lscon! I'll be there all next week if anyone wants to meet up!
Ok I'm off twitter for now but everybody who have my number text me and say who you are cause I have no contacts.
Packers going to destroy the lions on thanksgiving! Cutler out- NFC north is ours
Need to start a blog.
LUCIANA live at WET NIGHTCLUB APRIL 16th as she performs live her hit song I LIKE THAT at WET 915-449-2066
We showed a video of featuring in class when talking about integrated marketing.
<------- still wont @ some of these chicks cuz of some y'all savages lol
looking forward to hearing it!(:
Tryin to do homework while watching The Pacers game..
bigtime civil defense verdict in Alabama!! that's why we do so many mock trials, baby.
I'm not looking forward to that date at all
Lmfaoooo RT : Gary, Indiana RT : If Khloe &amp; I take a city what city should it be???
Good luck to all of those spring sport athletes battling for playoff births today, remember being properly fueled could be the difference!
guess you just lost my vote.
LA fitness on irvington, my friend is the instructor
"WE ONLY SEE EACH OTHER AT WEDDINGS AND FUNERALS" - Apocalypse Suite. The mortal remains of Sir Reginald Hargreeves
Just saw a dude sporting a flat top.
Now following
Any PDX photoshop/GIMP peeps have time to bang me out a quick text & effects logo/header job tonight for a few bucks? Let's get coffee.
how come I didn't get these tweets until now?? But anyways nick we are good girls ;) well sometimes... Lol
Pata: Repubs blocking expansion of Viol Ag Women Act that gives tribes right to prosecute. Native women killed at 10x national rate.
it's been raining a little, but the skies are still nice and blue. Hope your weekend is enjoyable :)
Thank you for correcting my spelling of her name. I just met her for like the 4th time this year. She's amazing. An inspiration
Kik: nicolelynnx Someone talk to me!:D
Everyone have a great day
hi could i get a follow back please? :{)
that's what I was thinkin, the boys will be so happy haha. Which day though ?!
It would have passed and he could have still shown some actual leadership. It's dumb for him to just decline to talk about it.
Totally agree!RT : Its okay to stay young, not immature.
Missouri. Lady Gaga. Red Bull. Winning combination. Also, could be time to stop the Bieber banter. Hm.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I hope you have an amazing birthday!
They offer decent reports too, but I think the Moss Adams/InvestmentNews reports get cited more
Had a root canal yesterday, so I sympathize! Hope you can take care of business Sunday vs. the Ravens -- they beat up the Jets!
New Nissan Altima, to realease in July, to be a hit
there were two places he put us in. One was us being a person in the holocaust. And the other was a German citizen (c)
Check out my man Willie Jones I."Straight Swingin'" CD.
Acoustic rise against? Yes please.
Well since "WE ARE BREAKING ALL THE RULES" a two-way tie would probs be appropriate! I just want Phi Phi to lose. So badly.
you've gotta be kidding me
What are people thinking when creating this situation?
I wish I could dance like Chris Brown, sing like Kelly Clarkson and have Paul McCartney's money...lol!
How is that all holidays fall on my days off anyways...
On my way to work!
Thank god we all spent so much energy being outraged by the Backstrom suspension.
I think not being able to do a cartwheel when I was in elementary school has affected me more than I thought....
More seriously, after being awestruck by the "Lacrimosa" in Tree of Life's cosmological sequence this past summer,
's still got it
I need to start setting reminders for myself
RT : We’re so close! Tell congress 2 pass the healthy skool lunch bill. We need ths 2 combat childhood obesity. Don’t let it...
Cheetahs win again!!! Yaaay!!
We party more, we talk funny, everything is better with music & friends, we eat a lot, and we love life quite a bit... HBD Louisiana!
Girl your Twitter is BORING.
Welcome to Director of Imaging Services, Bill Cunningham, CDIA+. Glad to have you on board!
My pot pie has been in the oven too long. I think its burnt. :(
Oh that's cool. I guess. Lol
New Assassin's Creed Notification Center pushes notifications: "Duck. NOW!"
Dang right I'm still around. Living large. Been working on my Fed stimulus dollar applikation, breath some economy to Oregon.
That old cranky former IU coach on gameday, this should b fun lol
*Mouth setting into a hard line and rolling my eyes* Okay. I have no idea how she found you.
can you picture me on a New Kids on the Block cruise??? Wanna warn about me?
About to go to a few different dates for warped this summer the lineup is amazing
I jus made a crazy hook to the beat i got from Lex Luger. The producer that made tyga lap dance, jayz and kanye Go HAM and rick ross BMF
I am often better in the dialogue in my head! And I ALWAYS win :) LOL
Crashed out hard on the bro's last night lol
i got one
And I can think of about 8000 other things I'd rather be doing than be at this work meeting........
It's 2 o'clock in HR. You know what that means?? It's officially hit the fan. Wildfires everywhere!
More of The Civil Wars Please
Samuel Jackson on Pulp Fiction >>>>
I'm up like I dont have nothing to do in the morning.
Free parking downtown/ pearl today.!!!
Don't forget: Book a Scentsy party w/me in Nov (home party, book party or fundraiser) and receive a FREE plug-in warmer of your choice!
Life long friends made. Reunited with old friends. Met & on the same day! Saw lives changed!!!
Lionell Hollins, who was a solid guard back in the day can't be happy with the Grizzlies 11 turnovers.
We're hiring! RT : Looking for a job in NYC’s booming tech sector? See who’s hiring on the #MadeInNY Digital #Jobs Map
Ah I give up...
if you were to say 'come with me', even now I might go <3
hahah okay so I didn't really look at the picture when you showed it to me, but I know one of your first trick or treaters
Have a great time at the Radio Party in Vegas! Say hi to our devs !
Yum, Apple Jacks <3
Come to find out that it will take billions, gazillons, etc years for it to end or atleast 7000 years. I be dead YEARS when that happen.
Nothing about this weekend is the worst.
damn that's a clean fridge!
*hugs* and takes my ex with him
at dinner. How late is too late for me to walk by?
RT : Interesting question: do you think sound will be used more or less in mobile apps as they evolve? #mmsw more, sound could = brand
I sell dope I fuck hoes and make songs bout da shit
how you liking miami so far?! I live 45 mins away.(:
We love you guys too! RT : Oh yeaah. We love :)
MT : Congratulations to for winning Almont Lindsey Award & to for winning Willie Lee Rose Award
canary can u shout us out? Were getting fanmily to share their TW stories about how and when they met the guys^.^
Dammit! Need more for this trek to Texas!
Young Professionals- Join us for a Miracle Board meeting 6pm TODAY at Arnold Palmer Hospital: 92 W. Miller Street, Orl. ?'s:
Silly, that would make them lumberjacks or yokels, not hillbillies.
Nice! Find that nest!
yeah i thought it had a few too many jokes but whatever. i know all those jokes weren't the part that was for me.
My pants are so much looser. :)
diplo all night
This guy at the bike shop is super smelly .. and annoying
playing a De La Buena version of a tune on = best start to the afternoon.
Table readings on Sat and Monday.
NP "Queens Of The Road" Rita Jones
I hate it when restraunts seat me in the corner cause they think I am crazy
If you have pix of #BnBWed please (a) delete incriminating ones and (b) email me the others
nothing really
My weekend starts at 2pm today.
For some reason Austin looks like Nick Jonas!! (: Lol
Haven't been out for days cuz of illness :(
Not quesioning it, but I'd be interested in seeing a cost analysis on that. Cause that's just the kind of dork I am.
The fog is back. Summer is coming.
While I am pleased for my neighbors that they are remodeling, the clangor of construction noises doesn't exactly make productivity a breeze.
Thank you for the follow
LIKE, IDK MAN BUT PATTIE AND JEREMY HAD GREAT SEX OK. JUSTIN IS FLAWLESS. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
falling asleep to the sound of the rain...
when you first started following me like months ago I thought i would pass out
We love you You are a reformer and redeemer of culture.
D EdWeekTeacher These 2 links you just posted aren't working. FYI.
I will say it for you. We want peace and justice. And we want you to denounce Hamas and refrain from being with terrorists.
I signed up right away when I saw there'd be sushi ;)
MJ? Really that one was stupid easy.
funny! Thanks for the follow.
So proud of our Koinonia Christmas leaders! Awesome event!!! Thank you to all!!!
900 words left to go on this stupid 1,000 word essay project ... YEE-__-
HOMECOMING BABY!!!! That's whats up this weekend!!!!
Is any else getting the ADOBE UPDATE NOTIFICATION email PHISHING SCAM? Delete immediately! Can't believe it begins with <Hello dear>
Jus got done taking mi SOL for biology!
You have a little fucking head. That does not bode well when it comes to debate.
Zusi's ball really was almost Fabregas-esque. Sigh.
Don't mean it at all...I'll believe it when I see it
Stroller 4 baby=toddler can run away and u can't keep up! We used an umbrella stroller occasionally if we'd be walking a lot.
End of season for the wildcats :-(. Now on to the accounting classes :-)...
Hello out there!! What's up sis?
Oh, wow - happy birthday!
bet i got ya
They threw a revolution and nobody came. McPherson square more or less empty at the moment.
WTF! That is a serious offense RT A coworker ruined the end of the Bachelor for me this week. Ugh.
dude, totally. Oh sandwiches... Nice grammar catch btw.
#Did you know the longest possible eclipse of the sun is 7.31 minutes
HANNAH BANANA YOU NOE ILOVEYOU? WELL I DO CHICKEN NUGGET(: lmao
N my brother probly told her whn he saw her
So, Deimos and Huracán. Greek and Spanish names from an Italian company, owned by Germans. Hooray diversity.
I could care less what my mom says anymore.
what up! When we linkin?!
Woooohoooo. I love my husband so much it freaking hurts.
ok I did everything can u do can I follow me and list me
Up early... Goodmornin people
What are ghosts' favorite kind of streets? Dead ends. Happy Halloween!
thanks to all for attending tasting. BTW- anyone leave a ceramic travel coffee mug?
Me too! This is great info! RT Three slides in and I have already learned new things about SM Analytics from
Thanks for Watching!! RT“: Just chose to watch instead of network tv. Inspired...”
4th for sure :)
RT RT Pelosi just went down in American history. And disappeared from Texas history.
What do you think are the top 3 issues likely to be on the table at the UNFCCC COP in Durban?
Thank you to all of the most amazing vendors, awesome musicians and lovely folks who made it out to The Crafty Underdog show yesterday!
If you guys out there in Twitter land could see what I'm watching right now, you would definitely NOT believe in evolution.
I LOVE YOUR FAMILY
What's your favorite European Wax Center product?
yeah well im at barnone with a gin n tonic so take that!
I'm sorry the Holocaust was terrible yes, but tht does not give Israel immunity frm potential human rights issues in Gaza Strip
Feel like getting hood today.
Hi Anissa, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Agreed. sales are made best belly-to-belly
#ifYouBelieveHavoc you'd try to draw a charge from Blake Griffin (while in the restricted circle...lol)
Dustin Hoffman and Jessica Lange at the Golden Globes...Tootsie reunion. I <3 them. What is it with me & people with their AARP cards?
Is this a decrease or an increase?
Death Metal from Costa Rica! Text getaob to 88704 to check out Advent of Bedlam.
me too dude! Dentist waiting room shit
RT : Got a crib mattress from our sweet youth group tonight!:) love our dickson family // That's awesome!!!
Being underweight has totally screwed up my health. I just need to get through the rest of this year without missing school.
I think "Bitchin'" is my favorite use of "bitch."
Been studying so much my head hurts like crazy!!!!😖😔📝📖
FRANKENSTEIN FEST TODAY! Meet Frankenstein and watch a theater performance of "Finding Frankenstein" at 6PM. Open until 8! Bring friends!
John LeClair #10 scored in the Flyers alumni game. Great dude looked like he as having a great time. congratulations!!!
What does Mad Men and Saved by the Bell have in common? Mr. Belding
Woah! Crazy…how's it going?
I'm suspecting you put it online in March just as all of our workloads ballooned out of control... ;)
Haha isn't that the truth! RT : Id read a note if it came that way. #lessnoise RT : T4: Courier pigeon
love that!
Thanks Mark!
I hope comes to san antonio tx on their us tour. They haven't the last 2 times and they promised after what happened at boozle
the round green fox hopped past the boring dog.
i buy them out everytime! Wife is hitting another store tonight..
why don't y'all mix lol? I love the heat
Omfg! If I find out that you are fcking cheating on my mom,I swear I will give you bf. Even my grandma will have the guts to kick you out>:(
yeah I just don't think it is for me... I tried though! Amazon return shipment ahoy!
Hacked by , Your favorite neighbor in the world ;)
I wish she follows me it would make my day shine....
If the #Bruins can break Holtby, the Capitals look like they will fold like a card table. Need more scoring from first two lines!
ha, ironically, this little 36 min concept mix has all 3 of them on here. I have 2 more mixes that should be done asap.
The J Man broha is on Twitter. That deserves a chant.
Harley Quinn T-shirt – Harley Quinn Batman Adult Hot Pink Tee
home with family...sxsw is not even a close second
love is like a rubber band we all pull on one end while the other lets go then we always get hurt at the end
Jennifer Hudson's tribute was so classy and powerful, a perfect sentiment
It's a really bad piece of legislation IMHO. May put European websites at a disadvantage against those operated from the USA.
Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree Grows in Brooklyn
Went thru some bullshit this morning. Can't wait til I leave for CT...
Now this is the we all know and love
Because it's a great rivalry and the Canadiens are the best
Sitting in sun, trying hard to get my skin to adopt a less blue hue, but News Quiz has ended and I'm now terminally bored. Prefer snow.
Meeting with #rob... Makin a hit!
Happy to be (almost) home after great few days in LA. Exhausted but super jazzed about reception of #befearless at #COFLA !
Get rich or die trying ...who's gona come first :)
Sitting at my desk at watching #OO #m1gs go down a few blocks away via livefeed on my computer. Odd world I live in.
u r going to get chonchitos and cellulitis ' 😝
awesome, keep me updated.
It's really boring..
God bless anyone willing to coach this bunch!
I'll never understand how headphones can get so tangled up in such a short amount of time
Tonight for CARE week will be a very exciting event in the Rat at 9 pm. Emancipation ROCKlamation-- sponsored by REACT. Tickets at door.
that might have had something to do with it… you kinda made me tune out
great call!
$25 gift card to goes to...!
R.I.P. Steve McNair. A true football legend!
It's great to see society is acknowledging the terroristic tactics of an ex-spouse. My ex spouses abuse is unrelenting
RT if u like the acoustic version of 'never let you go' better then the studio version
Substance abuse week ends with drug round-up
Just had a client tear up (good) when we explained the wireframe and creative concept of their site. Doesn't get much better than that.
great! how are you? see you at homecoming?
Opting for my fave, Beef Carbonnade from Slow and Easy cookbook (a little different than their Roast book version)
TheOysta killed you and collected your bounty. Your bounty was worth a total of $917.1K and was funded by That's just wrong!
going 2 go watch #Glee!
Kudos to and the rest of the stellar cast of Steel Magnolias on a great performance last night. Catch it 2nite at USF PAC!
#np jack the ripper - 2003 wayne .
good luck tonight! sorry I can't be there!
Yes. Please.
its said i got to tell that bitch stfu lol get off twitter fake ass
#nowplaying Charles Mingus, "Stormy Weather" - off "In a Soulful Mood".
I wrote that from so figured I should clear up from my account. :)
When u try to reach someone and they never answer<<<
haha oh really?? I may have to get that for break
whys that?
good point but he was good...tannehill is not
RT My day to day possessions... I love my life, got out the hood, but never forgot where I came from... <--that don't make u
Today Is the day. We leave for state tournament today. The tournament starts Tuesday! I will keep everyone posted! Let's go!!
Happy Friday Cupcateers! We sold out. We will make more tomorrow. XO
My parents called me gay and Greek in the first 5 minutes I've been up.
GM, Have a Good one.
where do you have a gig?
That's what's up. Let's try and link up at an event on Saturday.
Still love u but im over you
I have originality in my beats - get at me -- dm me your info
That is AWESOME! Thank you! RT : I'm in! will match that $500! for Officer Vrtoshnick
Yup! My life story.... What grade are you in??
He lied
prereq. Arm strgth & acc. Only thing against him was youth and inexp. Top notch intangibles = will reach pot.
Interviewing was exactly the health kick I needed to stay on track the rest of the week!
I cant seem to do anything right today lol
New post: New Delorme Topo USA 8.0 East Region View Cache Descriptons In Full Other Cachers' Log Notes
I think the #lakeshow may have finally found their game or the #nuggets has lost theirs, bc it a 13 pt lead for the home team. smh!!
That be dat 9-5 bull! "Oh brother...make it a double..."😒
How perverse! The past three days ,areas within a one mile radius of my home get showers but hardly a drop of rain at my house.
When don't we know what's best???
Oh hell to the no no!!
Okay getting that extra shot in my mocha was prob not a good idea. Walking around the block to burn off the extra energy before author event
W Hotels Worldwide and Design Miami/ Basel Announce the Winners of the 2012 W Hotels Designers of the Future Award
Sometimes I truly believe people are brain dead idiots and if you think I'm talking about you..you are probably right #stupidpeoplesuck LOL!
EVERTHING MUST GO !!! HUGE MOVE SALE !!!
Something bout love,
I've been thinking of opening the studio back up
I was checking out some pictures from your 15th birthday party. you were looking very classy. oh & how can I forget the cane?
A kiss to build a dream on
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have. Vince Lombardi
you were a beast! Love you to pieces!
you should record something for me to play on The Pansophy Project w/Niki Gee..remind people you a dope poet
Very stoked to see that recent message about Raleigh! Looking forward to talking more with you at Cs, C&W, or in the fall.
yes, you can tweet from twfall, but you have to sign in and ok twfall access to Twitter
Giddy up to Amici's Tonight! After diner crowd enjoy Nashville recording artist Shane Byrant w/Drink specials & $5 martinis starts at 9pm!
#where will #Crawford end up???
I always have 2 get 2 lg bags of ur chips at They are just too good that I have 2 bring extras home.
Going to Flogging Molly tonight. Woo.
It's mutual. April will be even better.
Need jersey shirts printed for your recreation, YMCA, or church team? DM or @ Now and we'll take care of them for you!
good god... Thx for sharing
Sunny ass day. Wasting it by sleeping in bed..... Im soo lazy!!
please may I have some
I feel like I am going to lead you on..
All happiness or unhappiness solely depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love. Spinoza
MT : With current surplus in humanities PhDs, it wld be counterproductive to make PhDs more easily attainable through reforms.
I went to grade school & h.s. w/ Jenny.
Thanks! Bedtime ran long tonight!
as said, "We all work for someone," : (
SAVE $135 when you sign up for High Speed Mobile Internet. FREE SETUP & DELIVERY, call 361-429-4758. #CorpusChristi #WiMAX $ Back guarantee!
That was a crazy fuckin dream!! #murder #sex #Realmafiashit #hammers #crv's
Happy new year! Join us today for happier healthier new year! (214) 827-5239.
you look like a genius
So glad to hear the topic of transgender discrimination being thoughtfully discussed in
Casting new music video for this coming Sunday. Looking for men and women 18-30. Submit headshots and resumes to
Bahahaha oh the thoughts that are running through my mind.
I'm donating! Lol!
I saw this!! Why can't it be on the weekend?!
Oh my! Bob's Burgers is on now! Watch it. Now!
No tickets, collected RSVPs to judge crowd size. Your friend should come... just get there early. See YOU at the VIP thang.
TGIWW, Thank God it's #WineWednesday! $10 off all bottles of wine all night
No better place to live but in Houston!!!!!
Storm, sex &d weed = that deal !
bahahahhaha!! keep the call me maybe parodies coming please!! :)
St Patty's day outfit 75% complete. OH SNAP!
yes its gonna be a lot of Fun iam very excited
ES WS seemed to have a lot of those.
Can't even lie, I really like this kid,. <3
#HardestThingsInLife for you guys seem to be getting me my glasses in less than a month.
2 Fish and 5 loaves... Multiplication ! !
..when lights were turned on discovery found three bottles of lydacane not used by paramedics but by conrad murderer..he killed mj :(
Medical Anthro from Harvard... I guess that counts, sort of...in a way.
Finally home...its a beautiful thing
DLG Engineering, Inc. has just been selected by the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce as one of South Floridas' Top 100 Minority Businesses…
thank you!!! See you tonight!
i will support you till the end!! :D i LOVE u <33 xoxo follow back! ;)
That worked. Thanks!
Previous tweet is a true story or resembles my life pretty accurately, haha!
we really do all of us need a lutheran reunion
50/50 Cent is online twitter right now...would he sign me hire fifty to work for me
Thank you for stopping by!
Good, Stephanie.... Good. Bahahaha
My boyfriend's car won't start.
Dang i feel bad cuz neglected my new followers which are da bruhs
I have to say - It's weird to be hearing 's voice in the background while I watch on a different channel
Tina of ; at Psa jam
"I spring forth from the pages into your arms."
hillsong united is minutes away from stepping on stage!
I believe in
If I know more than I think I know that means that I didn't know that I didn't know
see you tonight I'll harass you then...maybe even beat you in thumb wrestling just to put u in your place!
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
A game is coming your way! Don't be frightened by the horrific drawing.
Thanks so much for the follow=) xoxo
Looks like oil or diesel fuel poured on Monarch Pass descent. #CDOT on it.
for vacations do you like sun and sand or sightseeing?
Our team wishes you a Happy New Year full of chocolate adventures....Ashley, Alexandra and Jerome
YOU'RE GONNA BE SO HOTT!!
Six people on first Dahmer tour in Walker's Point.
"Fucking up takes practice; I feel I'm well rehearsed." ~ Goo Goo Dolls, "Only One"
call me 2104203577
A child makes the same mistake over and over. An adult corrects their mistake by trying something new.
Start your weekend off right!! Stop by !! Over 30 dancers tonight!!!!!!!
we knew it! We're a little psychic :-)
Coffeed-up for a big day today follow for details
THAT is the Aram and Cappy I remember from 2007...
Have you started planning your holiday parties? The more the merrier! We can host your party in our private dining room. Contact us today!
And the Commondorks, I mean Commonwhores, I mean.... You know what, doesn't matter. Cats win!
If you need a shoulder, or if you need a friend, I'll be here standing until the bitter end.
I know ! We haven't even taken the test yet >.< ughh but I'll Hurry hehe <3
Chargiin up my ipod
I think all he needs is a defense, he can put points up without a problem, he needs a defense that can hold teams to 17 points
When you're not watching , turn to for latest in entertainment news! Host is a USC alum!
Duke defector is the front-runner for NBA rookie-of-the-year. Should he have gone pro from H.S.? The NBA doesn't allow it.
my account on fizzyfamily.com got suspended and idky because i have not been on for like 2 or 3 weeks and now i cant get on at all
dude have you really reduced the jungle into the crappy game show Name That Tune I REALLY hope next segment you Step yo game up!
i sure hope so! cause i ate the chinese food like around 5!
Would u rather get a sneak peak of Everything I Do cover or Strangers from my album?
Thanks for the retweet
but the politics are deeply intertwined with who Chick-fil-a is. You can't have one without the other.
you text me.(:
5yrs ago I knew a lot of hiphop heads that wouldn't be caught dead listenin to "techno"
So your mom don't know?
I know I be so fn busy yo..my life speed went from 30 to 100 ever since I left BB. Smh. Lol. I be tired as shit.
it's in Oakland. My Yankees are playing my A's.
THANK YOU :)
Twitter is starting to become boring or it could just be my TL..
i live in Ny lol so start a walkin here
me to and i am ready for it lol
Wow, almost 5 and I've worked the night away! If i fall asleep now it's over--ok, think I'll get ready for today..ill sleep later. GM peeps!
Some of the Dance Mom stars are at the performance at Seton Hill today!
Thanks to everyone who's now following me...need some more!
Dumb question, but do bike pumps need a needle? I have a pump, but it wont fit on the tire.
Good 4th, rest of game was just ok.
#Bring!DtoHawaii !!!!!!! Come on guys !
Congrats to the homies and keeping Houston on the map on the r&b scene!
Happy Friday! Only one more week till Mobile World Congress! We can hardly wait!
Just finished a great night with the Bobby Broom Trio at home base - Pete Miller's in Evanston, IL
but like ... where she put the cell phone e.o
It's the Kobe show at Staples. Not that that's anything new...#watchoutNuggets 29 points, 11 in the third.
It's the last day of our 5 week Euro trip. Plan to wander a bit about Amsterdam, then come back to pack.
same were basically twins!!!
After a manicure and some bushy eyebrow weedwhacking, I almost feel human again.
Hey : do you know approx. when "TV is raising our children!!!" panic began? Peaked? Went into decline? Enquiring minds etc.
Thank you for following us at actinginla.org Were following you too!
We are on our way to 210 Westwood Place in Brentwood!! Sun is shining and great food, why wouldn't you stop by!?
"Police activity" at Wilson. Stay classy, CTA.
This game is in the refrigerator! The doors are lock, the eggs are cool, and the jello is giggling!!! Lakers #1 KB 24 MVP!!! :D
whats good with D.rose tho ?
good stuff so far from excellent dance moves on # 2
Girls say ppl are talking about you when your ears ring; and it's true bc guys are talking about how they ejaculated in your ears.
ALC Boot Camp is underway and going well at Manpower Group!!! Today's program: Career Exploration and College Information!
Looking for something different different in a social network check out THE EROTIC .com
and btw you're a cunt
Evolve or evaporate - Usher Raymond
I speak my mind because it hurts to bite my tongue.
Feel like a school girl when he looks up at me in the stands :))))
I went an created a gamer dna, for second chance game, same name as my first video I made, I am trying to get hip, like my kids...
I let em hide his weed in my titties ~
Yes! RT : Every tweet should have [citation needed] added to it.
Callahan is one heck of a captain! Great win
You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving. - Amy Carmichael.
Watching The Blind Side :)
If you find my deals good. Please retweet it, so that your friends can also get benefit from those deals.
thats not too far from Chicago, not for a foxy zombie
It is 92 days, 23 hours, 10 minutes, 4 seconds until the start of the MLB season
You all rock! RT
Thanks for the RT!
Investors : Reply if interested in a quick 500x return. Deal can be closed w/o paperwork in 30 secs if you can break a $20.
It was you who did you do, You build a maze you cant get though!
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
Trying Yves hot dogs for the first time tonight. Hubby has been raving about them.
#YOLO eat horse tail
Congrats to rock star on election to #angelcapitalassociation board of directors
You is a closet freak, but you is a cute one. :)
Shot Me Out Of The Sky
Welcome! Follow back :)
ha so I dropped a butter knife on my toe and cut it open.... #brilliance!!
I lied. I'm not going to sleep yet
visit www.peakdiscovery.com
Fun facts about teeth: The average amount of money the Tooth Fairy pays per tooth is about $2.
"He grips the chair tensely and speaks hoarsely. His face slowly flushes crimson."- SERVITUDE
I'm trying a new recipe so we'll see how this goes over..lol..
Lmao, IM just saying. No different than Atlanta Lol
I wouldn't mind going on a cruise that only served PopTarts.
omg yes. omg we isz gunna be the next One Direction.
Change and growth take place when a person has risked himself and dares to become involved with experimenting with his own life. - H.Otto
CONGRATULATIONS! Ivy Lies been named Band Of The Week at Sunset Island Music.Theyll be featured on 5POINTSLIVE and The Rock Show on 96.5 FM
that sounds really good!!
ok i wasnt gonna say nothin but DAMN ur abs are amazing!!! ok bye lol
I don't think any of you are ready for this new cover song. Seriously.
Sometimes, its better to be a fool to go after what we want & need, rather than to regret everything in the end because we never even tried.
u r nvr on here punk!!!
Ahaha yes! He looks even sexier!
haha well yeah I love winter rain and snow ..! :)
fuck what the monster said somehow the monster's dead
Um RT : #SecDef welcomes Israeli Minister of Defense Ehud Barak to the Pentagon tomorrow.
very true.
I hate not remembering what I said
Couple of books you're missing: THE WHOLE FREAKING HARRY POTTER SERIES, The Tenth Circle and Nineteen Minutes by Jodi Picoult
Thank you, Good Friend:)
Werrrrrrd.. RT : lol it could be a possibility , i'll be in the area anyway
is she texting u again?!
Well played match by Chelsea today, phenomenal performance.
:) you are nice
Playing a Benefit Show Saturday October 1st at Sonoma State University's Green Music Center...4pm, more details to come...
Going to see in NYC ...... That moment when you have only 4 minutes left and you type your name wrong to hurry up :D
no! When can I come visit?
It's actually a lot like that....
stomach ache -
we should go to the aquarium, i have never been! haha
Dunno. Got any suggestions?
Your face will melt off and your family will explode.
time for work!
Clicking a Facebook link or searching Google for credit card processing is a good way to get a deal right? Want to know how it works?
I can its 10:32 pm good night love you
Niki works Saturday, but we'll convince her. :)
I'm watching.
Clippers game with Chadwick's parents missing 😥
what #40DAYS are you kidding me? You want us to wait for #40Days duh, it's impossible:(
Got that right.
Enjoy one of Summer's few remaining weekends with pizza and ice cold beer on the patio. You won't regret it!
Your Life Is An Even BIGGER Joke If You Think Kobe Suck
haha its all good! Its boring.
Cant wait!! RT : #ppandf2 THIS SATURDAY !!!!!!
Enough with the salsa already, let's see he he does next year
its disappointing that mlg is considering a game which requires little skill (cod) over halo. bad choice.
/ A little #BUZbuz s/o to the ringers from our last BUZhunt #SWAG Round contest. May the best tweets win...
Get on a song wit me for a loww price, naw fuk it.. You make the price! Holla at me. You make the price it's a done deal!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Taylor Gang or Die. Haha
guess they only work half days
Does Bee dubs on the levee have power??
Packing art to show at the Las Vegas Expo...
I meant RT For an honest DM
Zero Dialect this sun at Southport Hall in Nola!!
An affiliate program is where I would get a commission if I refered people to you.
Half off wine by the bottle all day long at Purple Bellevue and Woodinville. Stop on by and sample something you have never tried before :-)
It's like.... Whaaaattt??? How does that even make sense?
LOL. Your two little buddies.
Still feel sick wish i had gone to school! :(
Fair enough!
I'm uncomfortable with the fact that every bartender I encounter will discover my actual age
he's jealous.
Thank you for the follow. Robert
Get'n Fresh!!!
That's our goal -- to make getting a haircut as convenient for you as possible. Glad you find it valuable.
Letting things happen.. really blows up in your face
just be ghetto fabulous, steal her clothes and bf... #problemsolved =]
yeah, we get it, most talented players fall into that category. Such a lazy description.
Scarfing down an AMAZING breakfast sandwich from !
I'll be sure to check it out! Thanks for the head's up!
I need one of those signed!
brett and i are working on "falling still: short answers"! stay tuned..
Thanks for following, , , , !
"Sprinkle of Greatness" mixtape COMING FEB. 2012! Featuring Tex! Release party in the works!
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 9
Anymore heat doubters????
sunset was a success!
Kudos to millennial post-punk pop bands who played @ Comet last night: C'Mon C'Mon, Jaguar Paw, Wheelie, Hollywood 77. Add to Puget Sounds?
It'll be quick. It's only 2 minutes :)
Today I'm gonna buy the all new BlackBerry Curve 9360!!! Ho yeah! ;-)
Having volleyball withdrawals ....
Thx for RT! Check out our website and let us help get ur vacant listings noticed online & sold fast!
I Will Forever Love No Matter What Anybody Says. <33333
Thank you for standing against misogyny!
RT : Most teenagers want drugs, alcohol and parties. I just want twitter and Justin Bieber.... my parents should be proud.
P.S. All of this is tearing me apart. I don't know where us or this start.
Fine! Let him come find me! RT : I think Gronk may have something to say about that.
Rain, a good book, and damn good coffee! :]
LEND ME MONEY FOR CHEETOS!
You are the best thing thats ever been mine!!(:
Rule #1 of today's web development... Do NOT have music auto-playing on your website. Not cool and very 1999ish.
say it ain't so...reports say #cutler has a broken thumb and could miss 6-8 weeks after surgery
I can cook!
Currently Allerent Consulting is one of only a few companies offering social media consultation services focused on small businesses.
"What's wrong with me?" I asked out loud to no one in particular. "It's the dork in me, you," was the reply. What?
is irc down too? Cant connect from phone
I would have never pegged you as a person who watched skins! Which series are you in?
Best ad so far: Audi's "Release the Hounds"
I wish I lived close to you ladies :) You have to come to Chicago soon!
Lamar, follow the new twitter home of WLT radio!
at one of my favorite Starbucks locations in Nashville on 21st Avenue (Vandy campus)!
girl you're just a couple exits and a state away bring yo ass LOL
Life is limited so grow some balls and find the right person for you and stay by their side no matter what. YOLO. XD
finally listened to One Direction
Ugh do the nasty with me bieber
looks like someone trying to jump out the way of 44 and not bringing both his legs.
I feel bad for people that have to keep up a fake persona. Must be a lot of work to keep that up.
Need R&B beats? Contact me at
Probably not, I was just creeping on your twitter
No question. Mere "suggestions of the familiar", not true discovery.
Sitting in the greenroom and I hear someone, on stage, start singing the lyrics from YMCA. Gotta love the theatre!
Hanging with Jenni and the 2 "P's"! Getting ready for Connection Group, it's one of the highlights of my week!
INCOMPLETE PASSES book signing, 4-5 this afternoon Oconto, WI. Come talk #books and #Packers!
Its funny how people keep saying so & so for prom king, queen, prince, and princess. You cant do that or you are disqualified. Hehe.
i follow back just mention me
Congratulations! Hines & Kim are the winners of Dancing With The Stars!
Ok, it's 8pm and I have spent ALL DAY screwing around with TOOLS and not actually getting my project done. So frustrating.
I have just created a new list titled 'University of Virginia' using TweetDeck, follow it here: /university-of-virginia
Baby bite the pillow
want to grab a drink later?
Seven car crash John Nolen EB. Traffic backed up to the far end of Olin Park. Avoid the area.
miss you ladies like crazy!
reread what I wrote. jackass
RT if you're ready for warped tour 2012!!
Guess I should get some sleep before my opens tomorrow. Come look at some houses!
Today, September 5 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Robert Steffen | Actor, Musician, Producer | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
follow back?
why thank you very much.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. -Confucius
sweet, I may have a chance to redeem myself at darts haha
ironman! :D and yours?
Dear ItsMe, thanks for following!
I'd definitely vote for that. Phone calls, too. RT I wish there was a 'spam' button for paper mail.
His father [Earl Woods] prepared him for everything except the celebrity---Lewis Black in Golf Digest
really interested in learning more about Digital Ops Center- i'm located in DC how can i volunteer?
I sure know what it's like to be alone
May the fourth be with you! Happy Star Wars Day!!
how is it?
got a new truck. Awesome. You must come investigate. Paxton (sorry, don't have my own twitter handle yet )
haha me and my cousin have been waiting for it to come back on forever!
Just ordered a 3 month subscription for my Godmother as a Mother's Day gift.
interesting. was writing a review for _Better Then The Best_ about black athlete's cognizance of role in civil rights mvmt
because I'll be the key to unlock the light in your universe!
hey bro what's good??Lets talk tonight to catch up
tough break.. He sure is a back breaking player!
New Mexico just became the 11th state granted a #NCLB waiver, according to Ed Dept. No word yet on whether it's conditional.
Details on how to win tickets from Ward's facebook & twitter coming soon! One week away! Come visit us on the IF grounds.
RT : Social demands transparency. Be it a political campaign or brand, social voice is a powerful fact checker.
Love my CATS now 1-0 on the SEC road !!! GO BIG BLUE !!!!!!
Entrepreneurial Lesson #3: Learn to accept the idea that all ideas don't either get big or go home; some live in the space in between.
the point is to keep leftovers for NEXT week. I don't think that'll last long enough. And even if it does, I'm not trying it.
kinda bored
It's only 7 at night and this place is already a ghost town... someone save me from this misery
doing homework. cool kid right hurrr.
This girl with self snap photos taken with a nintendo ds is tryna talk to me on facebook.....
Hope everyone is doing dandy!
dragon ball z Kai and gt air on nicktoons + wat about naruto, bleach, and fmab that air on adult swim
the Knicks probably should just leave the game with bags over their heads. That team has so much potential, but they are terrible at times.
Attention! My cellphone is not working. If you need to reach me, please email .
#MelloyDodge - We are here to help! Drop by our showroom today at 9621 Coors Blvd. NW Albuquerque, New Mexico.
We're thinking ahead to our May Food & Wine issue, which features our annual Hot Plate awards. What are some of your ABQ food favorites?
can't even tell you how excited we are! “: So who's excited for 8.6? #spop12”
you know you've made it when your music gets played at a down home pool hall.
nice!! I love Hannah. She's so nice!!
Call our Professional Bridal Consultant about our AMAZING Sunday special pricing.(405)879-7015
lol oh shit I didnt even notice it was...i was caught up in the moment
Hope you feel better soon!
Thans for the follow!
Businesses should provide outdoor work space environments, encouraging employees to get some fresh air each day bringing their work outside.
be careful u don't get charged with aggravated assault 😂
sweet avi bro Heyman Guys..lol that's classic!
it's the only bad thing about wearing a jean jacket
GOD IS A DJ, LIFE IS A DANCEFLOOR, LOVE IS THE RHYTHM, YOU ARE THE MUSIC! RT
I'm flattered! It's just a way to ward off boredom. ": your road trip live tweeting is nothing short of inspired, my friend."
It's crazy at the FedEx forum. The grizz are rockin!!!!
so how's Miami man?!?!
Indiana man charged with child sexual exploitation
Bosque bike trail is SO gr8 after resurfacing. Thx 2 city of ABQ 4 putting to good use money saved from other project! On trail tmrw!
MLB At Bat '12 drops today. I think Im disproportionally excited for that, but it means the season is THAT much closer.
Happy Halloween Everyone!!!
Embrace your inner nerd.....
I'd joke about proximity, but it might not travel well. Night-night. Love.
Tonight sara and taylor are going to do a cover of weightless by all time low and if we succeed we will post the video
I don't really even do that...at least this year. I am so uninterested to a point
I miss my girl. Sittin here pretty damn bored right now
I just found a poop stain on my shirt.
I would love that RT great. we going to have a Universal Studio Date coming soon
walking the path of greatness...
Hey, no problem red line "door hugger," I'll just walk through you.
follow back??
Picking up paint for my box..... #
Awww yeah... chilled wit' my girls --- #DaddyTime! No better way to spend the weekend!
#CLIPPERS 71 #Memphis 63 5:58 left in 3rd quarter. DJ headed to FT line.
How do I go to bed at least 2 hours after everyone else, and I'm the first one up... Come on people!
It bugs me how people think they're a mahomie just because they think Austin is cute. no. go away.
familiar w/ the highland park store. That'll be sufficient. I'll leave your chicken and probably get some
Looking for some cheap chalkboards. I think I'll try City Liquidators today.
#Rockies Scutaro starting to pick up his bat. 4 hits last night, gets on with a single and comes around to score in first tonight.
Know any youth (14-18) in BC who might be interested in this awesome (FREE)opportunity?! Spread the word! cpawsbc.org/getoutsidebc
An average of 8,000 Americans are injured by musical instruments every year
#yougetpoints if you can name the first 151 pokemon without cheating.
Thank you for the Pinterest invitation! To share the kindness, if anyone else wants an invite, just let me know!
At smokey bones ( :
Shout out to
Fell asleep while driving... Oops!
well you know now :p and isnt even on the list ;)
I hate when you call a customer service line ready to rip them a new one, but the rep is so nice that you can't.
Stock market down again on European worries. Is that really news after a year?
Going to the game, wearing almost every piece of clothing I own except my Broncos jersey.
oh god what's going on?! Haha I can only imagine
Sarcasm is just one of the many services I offer to people who ask dumb questions.
Transcripts are a great idea, a wonderful community effort. I still wish they'd break up their shows into reasonable chunks.
You've managed to figure Twitter out.
I could really care less about this game lol
Thanks for sharing Neal. I really liked the song.
Thanks for MT!
awesome, congrats. let's catch up sometime.
Nice little post-work reception spent catching up with some familiar faces and gabbing with the fellow Canucks in the room.
Packing up wardrobe for shoot today! So excited!!
This morning my 10-month old grabbed the remote and recorded This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Getting an early start on politics...
Never forget where you came from.....
up and down graduation eve.. fired up right now. Luckily, highlighted the night, and came through like true family
lol i was entertained by the twitter thugs bashing on you these cats are lame fcuk philly! Hhaha i got you P
Survived our final School of Music audition day. Very excited that we have a whole lot of students interested in enrolling at
yes! advanced copies just went out this week.
Will be playing in that area. Wont be going downtown.
Emergency Extractor
Standing in line waiting to FINALLY break the silence!!
your a scene
Haven't bowled and open frame since called me out.
Looks like they're going Phil Donahue style in pro social media forum.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Dear "Popular People," They didn't name candy after you did they? Sincerely Nerds.
it'd be awesome if #SportingKC gets a Cruz Azul player in return. Gerardo Torrado? :D :D
i don't think i'm going to school tomorrow... (:
so... (that's all you need to make an otherwise uneventful statement a joke, right?) so...
Anyone want to OCCUPY Mainstreet Pub w/me this afternoon?
last one there has to set up the outside tables in the rain
At least it show's he can still hit something
takes the stage to talk about why it's hard to get paid for free and how to do it
i dont enjoy watching science movies
MOST People are bitches...
Yesterday 30 mi. & a half day off in Sandpoint, ID. More books! Today 88 mi. to Ione, WA-about time! Camping along Pend Orielle River in ...
thx Brian. #CES is coming-up quickly & we R extremely excited 2 show the world!!! Will U B thr?
then force all of their apps to run on the newest
drove out there almost fell asleep.
From all of us here at the Space Room Lounge, we wish you a huge happy Easter!
ditto RT : Had a great time last night in #SYR with and learning about
This is some funky weather sprinkling with the sun in my face I luv it
Every time I tweet or , 's phone goes off like 3 times.
Sessions start nice to be workin
Unsure, resend to Thanks
This sub is annoying the fuck out of me!
Wish I could speak another language fluently
We're closed until Tuesday, January 10th, for our annual winter hibernation and spruce up at Acme Hotdogs! See you soon!
GAH! Sorry guys, I guess the preview was just a rumor? So upset... Who would do such a thing to our fragile fangirl hearts?! -Caitlin xx
Need to see L.A. kickin the ball out to you and hit that 3. You could be home in SEA. next night for home cookin.
Keep your head, standards, and heels high
Follow me so I can send u a message.
Sitting in the parking lot of the yoga studio, girl next to me just got out the car with a large McDonald's pop.
When was the last time a viciously anti-gay person was feted by the media?
The cops were absolutely unjustified RT : that was some insane shit!!
what show?
Very much looking forward to playing tonight at Cornelia Street Cafe with , , Chris Tordini, and Tommy Crane
These people who decided to get trashed on the train are calling me "rockabilly".
I need a massage.
I'm speechless about the regime & how people are targeted. These issues hit close to home, like your grandmother in disguise.
Are there any local bands in your area that you think are good? Let us know who they are! =)
Block party today 110 Morningside NE. Food, music, car show, and shopping! Hope to see you there!
Wdf Says Yo Momma So Fat Rice Krispe Treats Dont Want Like Smh Dude You Lame Af To Say That.
Honesty Hour: I don't like the movie Caddyshack.
so that you'll never forget
Great first day with the Nortonians at the 2011 SHA conference.
I'm ready to see a kick ass Daytona 500 been waiting all weekend for this
now it's time to come to L.A
I love me being albino it wasn't so pleasant in the beginning but now it's kinda good ... Enjoy your day everyone
Carrots rock.
Mocking bird above Sings: "Repeat!" "Repeat!" "Repeat!" Or is it "Replete!"?
Almost but still need a few more days": Is this you, recharged and ready to head back to the classroom? Battery Full 100% ████████"
You are. Just ignore those people...
I'm at the W hotel right now trying to get a room....
just hauling trash cans out
Work bull shit.
If you are too lazy to walk a few feet to a crosswalk then maybe you deserve to.......just sayin
Laptop is really sluggish lately. Time to defrag. Have to be able to surf through all the good poetry this National Poetry Month.
cool. Also, well done going to sweetwater during your first week in town!
Happy Mothers Day to ur Mom<3
That logic is bulletproof! I can't wait to meet Puppy Pants.
thanks for the retweet!
WILL EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !!! PLEASEE!
What the heck did I do to my neck. I cannot move it at all :(
I'm very sick of fighting it's hurting me
Nia tonight at 6 pm in Campbell. I hope to see you there!
Gym complete 👍
she just did my whole algebra exam study guide to study from while I just chilled there, and then have Neal a talking to
You also have to look at the expectations. The #Ravens were expected to be in super bowl contention, and lost the way they did.
really cool
R.I.P Ryan Dunn:/
I'm an Atlanta copywriter. Let's talk!
RT : Don't forget, Packer and Badger specials during the games. Stop out for a good time and touchdown shots!
Suddenly looking for work. Was just laid off from Dublin and Associates. It was a good job.
Today is da bomb
What can ever stop you from getting money? ? Scared money don't make NO $$$$$$$
Totally but it knows it. Now it's insufferable.
I got my dvr ready to record doug!
#OhioState basketball team leaves Wed. for New Orleans. Will bus from High and Woodruff to High and West 11th on way to airport @ 5:15-5:30
now I can follow you, hope we can talk cowboys and good and bad medicine
Friday night - the Gradylady - a Super Sized PSYCH Premier - and closing in on a month at AxD. Life is good.....
How's that?
Do something wrong? Let's do something cliché to make it better.
Decided to go for a night walk. There's police helicopters circling my neighborhood. Oops.
Electrolytes killed.
And the Bay area loves you. You did the darn thang last night at Yoshi's!!
Surround me in dubstep. #You'reAllINeed
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 21
ATL is so cold and they call it hotlanta - where is the hot in the Atlanta
thanks man, great win. Is that Whiz Khalifa singing about the Steelers and Pens? Haha
Im good and its fine that you have a life outside of twitter. But you might have to make up for being late... ;)
joe I am loving this article. Thanks for sharing :)
Listen at 4:30p as and announce the College Coach of the Year nominees.
I guess it's a no on cutting my layers today...
Gr8 movie bro! RT : Finally sitting here about to watch Mission Impossible. Heard it was great.
Evidently, I have good taste: Natl. Geo. also used Hubble pic of Orion nebula as their bookcover!
Thanks for buying the book and for the tweet!
could you please follow me back....ILY MORE THAN ANY SINGER EVER!!!!! <3
any features
Hey HomeDepot guy,FYI- My hubby is MY assistant not vice versa & I don't have a plumber- I'm DIYing.
Do the editing of the video. The movie you make will get you to Spike Lee.
Everyday should start with some dip and duty!
Please help us share our news by following us and recommending that your followers do the same!
Did stage direction for a new musical in front of amazing writers in the entertainment industry
They're super busy right now- no worries, I'll make sure I see all of the apps!
Thank you for the #FF love. Still happy to be in your Twittersphere! Hope all is well.
will do...most definitely
Waiting for to call me for our annual anthem and coin toss bet.
Salazar won't run - endorses Hickenlooper for Colorado gov. How do you think Hick will play outside Denver?
good look on the new video; still crushin on you BAN.
Off to the tang dead... dead... I want to eat victorias semi annual... slash! Free... pair...pair of guts! -V
Doing an annotated bib on classification and cataloging. Man, I love being a #library science student.
Accurate name-calling can be done by people of all ages, boss. Next time keep your opinion on such a sensitive subject to yourself
Shopping List: Hunger Games shirt and gray Vans.
Have fun out there, Greg! Get the evil eyes ready for those who dare to applaud or cheer during the debate. ;-)
YES! My hubby would be perfect for that job!
A 3:45am wake-up call is surprisingly more bearable when new travel is on the horizon.
Everybody Who Follow's Get "Followed" Right Back', Though I Dont Discriminate,"Follow 4 Follow! {I UNFOLLOW BACK WITH THE QUICKNEST}
What about article level usage factors? That would be interesting.
2010 grand total : 3,843 beer tap t shirts on people I do not know. Sure will be neat to see one someday on a strange person!
You truly make me happy and everytime I hear your name or see you it puts a smile on my face. How do you do it?! I'm a lucky guy :)
I got coffee
Early morning shout out to all you #VCU grads! #vcu2012 Glad to help you launch your career right here!
OMG REALLY!? Ah :D
hmm yeah if it doesn't rain!(:
For new music follow
lol it sounds good to me :)
Aha, we only talked a couple times before on my old account. & you seem pretty chill! :D
love u both and your music
Lunch is on the brain!!!
aww man :( you're missin out!!!
thanks sweet nephew! Please send link to post your music video. Keep "Aiming High!" The best is ahead...xoxo
Its Christmas Time today where I am. Maybe I will be on sometime today before my family comes. I have my special gift to give to my dad
are you going tonight babe?!
cause it's the coolest pop-up space & team ever! RT cause they have the most creative, imaginative lounge furniture
Chillin at BWW's wit my homeboy
Earl the goat Manigault was the best player that never made it and Lebron James look like the best player that will never win!!
That's Why I Chose Yale
Bout to be a real big misunderstanding round this bitch #furnituremovingjack!
& watching Think Like A Man On Bootleg !
I'm drinking 200-year old scotch out of a hollowed-out unicorn horn. How's your Tuesday going?
Happy Friday and Opening Day - Go Brewers!
Babies, get ready for a new #YOUTUBE vid! #Music!
Why is it so hard for me to stay happy?
After a very warm welcome from the Ark Church I visited Southern Baptists church. Met a lot of great people!
I ain't sleeping. I'm just taking a good look at the insides of my eyelids.'
please follow she is you biggest fan!11
Busy Workin extra hard and goin to school my daughters BDay is coming up so I gotta go in
#FF Market favorites!
No idea what this chick said! I couldn't hear her over the sound of how perfect her tits are.
I hope posts tonight <3(:
I don't think I've ever hurt this bad in my life. It keeps getting worse. I just want to go back in time, to when things were perfect.
Happy day off!!
Niggas is lame man, straight up B.A.N.'s.
know you like WWE. but do you follow Nascar , and if so, have a fav driver?
leaving tomorrow afternoon, we're meeting now at The Library on Sixth if you're up for it. Where you be?
In piano class Practicing for our finals nxt month :/ all u ppl tht are almost out of school are some lucky b****** -.- i still gotta month
yes hopefully :)
can you now?!
And that's why you're the woman lol :)
m. but it would be tough not to drink wine in Napa.
#APPL knocks it out of the park. Again. Despite the idiots (and they know who they are) who predicted gloom and doom.
Errands and emails today!!
FOLLOWING THE REAL fuck that police ass nigga WILLIAM ROBERTSON tryna be Rick Ross
Only watching ANTM's All-Stars because they brought back
RT : "A typical American eats 28 pigs in a lifetime." Wondering if that's true. [can you say 'bacon'?
RT : Best way to kill your enemies? SMILE
QoTD: "Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence, is the key to unlocking our potential." (Liane Cardes)
idk y bt i just had 2 tweet u 'cause u are my idol&the girl who inspired me to dance hope u feel good& i hope u see this :D
No prob! What else do you cover? I'm co-hosting an event on Sun. for Southern Fashion Bloggers. It's networking + small biz support.
Bandana Tied, Red Lipstick, & Misfits Shirt :D
oh my god that photo I can't wait for the video any longer asdgjwcld
Chocolate fountain at the Golden Corral is a good idea in theory. Practice gets you a staph infection via people double dipping their ham.
I'll figure you're good for it...
#ThingsWeAllHate not getting your #BlacklightPartyOct22 and being able to go... (hint hint hint)
Guardian of Democracy
Registered for the conference! Park City in June? Definitely scored the best trip in my department.
double eagle.... wow...
Apparently, the REI dividend is in. Looks like I have a night of shopping ahead. :)
": A typical #Gemini pattern is to order a range of drinks through the course of the night."
I will let you know later tonight about the prices & I just emailed you those PDF's!
Thnx 2 Tree Baltimore, the trees have arrived! Tmr is gonna B great. If I get one tree into the sidewalk b4 the monsoon, I've made progress.
congrats to all that graduated today :*
A stoner with a peanut allergy is a sad stoner.
Are colleges really preparing our kids for the workplace??
This Mariner game is a smoking train wreck. Trying to amuse myself while I watch this team combust.
Nope, thanks for the follow-up.
You can keep going long after you think you can't. So GO, Go, GO!!
Playing black opps wit my bro
Here at Petersburg on June 15, 1864, African-American troops recorded their first major success of the war in Virginia.
Yes I am very proud :) They are one of my favorites!
Looking forward to a great 2012!
i know im late but thanks 
yep no problem :) how are things?
Laying at the beach <3
definitely but I have seen him and the btch mess w e.o before we went out, I dont think he's lying
Out of all the times a week i eat at mcdonalds, the one time i crave it .. nope.
I know so dear ;)
possible next step for union would be to add teachers to that list ...
Can we also put a line on how much longer keeps his job at the bank?
Why is 'The Incredibles' trending? Ank' that movie 100 years old... Then we got 'JustinBieberVEVO' trending, he has been hacked.
(And that's where I think pay fences work. Raleigh had one; does it still exist?)
think i might go check the Lakers game at the bar
Ok but haven't we heard that story before - it better be epic!
Let the beauty we love be what we do. ~ RUMI
Spin class! Lets do this!!
==>Kudos 2 All The Women That's Proud 2 **Suck Dick** LOL
Going to be recording some more in the studio tonight! www.3sgiants.com! CD coming soon! Hope all is going well!!! :)
1 more day!!
Spent a great weekend in conversation re: communion understanding & practies with a variety of lay folks across the conference. Was a Hoot!
That's much more sane. Not like having 2 breakfasts and ice cream while solemnly swearing to eat a salad at some point.
BULGARIA BULGARIA BULGARIA! Wish #NKU's Chamber Choir luck as we compete in the European Grand Prix!
#Caps Halpern says he's planning on playing next year
Lovely holiday lunch at Mercer Kitchen (lasted until 4:30) and now must take care of the final few batches of brownie gift orders.
thanks for the love today Brian!
It's been a great 15 years ... headed out of Philly for the last time. By Friday this week, Chicago will be home!
Watched the #brewers win today, now it's time for the #Canucks to take the presidents trophy. Watching free pay per view.....
i was wondering if could follow me back, please?:)
Wish me luck on my Softball Game?(: <3 Cause your just that Amazing!(; & because I love you!!<33
Offensive foul.. KMart. ugh Maybe I need a shower. lol
Next Google bank account....watch your money rise and fall
TIP OFF in 10 minutes!! #CLIPPERS & DEFEND HOME COURT 6 pm (PST). will ROCK!
Pumpkin hunting? Ha!
I'm not gonna do a cosplay this year. I couldn't get my shit together. But like....I DEF wanna try the anime eyes.
I'm gonna make a cover of Frank Ocean's Thinkin' of you. A Video of me singing [;
Really enjoyed talking to and Ben Sturner of about "Lindorsements." Story coming Monday on
Happy Earth Day! Do something to preserve our planet.
way a go Kuroda and
He is the happiest baby I know! :) RT : Q7 - he's still a baby but he would say "fun" bc he's always happy and laughing
thank you for the love bruh...
Thanks for the RT, Kirby. Now what does it take to follow each other? :) I tweet a ton of work stuff, so I get it if you "pass"
i am such a city guy but i miss views from the top of parking garages at malls/apartments
Next #outrageousbiz - fix your #manicure via #ToeTruck, which you could find via
will you pierce mine?!?!!!
Happy mother's day sweetheart! I love you!!!
Now double your money and make a stack
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
"Never let a man persuade you into having an open relationship. A man who loves you won't want to share you."
I love my mommy.
Brookfield plan commission unanimously voted to move ahead with permit for mosque. Goes to full council now for consideration. 2.5 hr hrg
I hate when people see me cry, it makes me feel so weak
We love you Cleveland
