; are you going to this party tonight?
Dramamine, best Modest Mouse song
Got it. Still, how can advisors be more successful & profitable? Get rid of paper account forms!
/// Who walked out??
I've been over you for a long time. You know I don't have the best confidence. So why do you constantly tear me down?
Links are up on www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all your hockey games its free and fun enjoy!!!!
Nice win #caps! We needed that one
. busy tracking rain, storms; live w/ morning weather & live w/ Brookfield mosque meeting
Happy Birthday to the beautiful
“: Thanks! We will probably see you there. Got to get all my favs in before surgery on Monday.” keep us posted!
damn a nicca stuck off the hog leg (phat blunt) eyes real low FLY OR DIE DUH support the move ppl!!!!!!
Busted out My princess blanket for nation princess week. S/O to all my fellow princesses!
Happy Father's Day to all the Father's out there!!
What's it like being a Model, Morgan?
Heard all of that before, & looked into it. That article is very misinformed. Id love to talk to you about it more in depth.
The East is killing the West @ the
#STOPKONY2012 #19Days and we will shock the world
nothing like living in the country and seeing the stars. so peaceful
Omg #puppyseason has come early to Chicago. Don't these people know the dog will want walks in the winter too?
Everyone look up he is great!
Goog thing we have several years to figure it out. LOL
That'd be so awesome, I'd have sex with myself. #needthis! RT : #WhatAWomanNeeds a penis in her vagina.
Way to go
me too.lol.no homo
but where would you fit all that muscle??
I love how im trying to find something to do at school and I cant...
Roy Williams welcome to the Chicago Bears, today we start our defense of the NFC North Division Title
“ Cheap friends are the worst!”
Nothing worst than a ghetto female....TERRIBLE!!!
Headed to The Oriental Theatre for day 9 of #mff2011! Who's going to Close Encounters? The cinematographer will be there.
Thanks to everyone who participated and helped with #SMWLA! Hope to see you at the closing party!
We don't make the rules. : i thought confession was supposed to keep you OUT of hell.
Is it Friday yet?
Thx & Frank Nguyen for a great #astd2012 session. Looking forward to using the tool & initiating dialogue about this.
I passed all my proficiencies.
I remember the days when sent you out your next disc when the one sent to you was damaged. Guess customer service is dead.
“: ugh I cant stop smiling” u need too cuz that smile is ugly!!!! Lol
my mom makes me eat a two spoonfuls of flax seed errday nasty
Looking forward to getting my driver's side door fixed. Pain to get in & out on passenger's. On a positive note: more exercise.
I'm just gonna be bored and write a status every few seconds . ( :
right...those are good times.
Bond-buying Kenya-style: at the tap of a mobile phone
I know she didn't!!!
Happy Easter! I get to celebrate the best of both worlds! :-)
Up thinkin...gm loves
I guess I been complaining about my back enough. He told me to get a heat pad but I was being hardheaded so he went and bought 1 for me ☺!
Did you get to yell "RELEASE THE ART HOUNDS"?
who's your dad? :o
FOOLS! RT : I love how people in our society still think tattoos are "a mental illness" (quote) ha! What a closed minded simpleton
Bet I got some weed. Bet I got your bitch.
If you bet against the Twins every day, you're going to have more money than when you started.
Not everybody else . #SoBetIt !
That's awesome! I had fun trying to guess which industry the questions were coming from. One must have been Neflix or Hulu.
My XMAS tree was too big for the car so I had to cut the top off. It wasn't so bad. I always wanted a convertible anyway. RT
YAY! RT : This Saturday!! RT : Does anyone know when the new issue of comes out?
The #Masters is an amazing tourny. The only thing worth changing is this green jacket ceremony. Do it on the 18th green with the fans.
Justin should've stayed for Sexy and I Know It.
Why is mater academy so fucking cold.
you are just not having any luck with your email
Kids are cute :)) Until they start talking back to you 😒
Turn this ish up !
Besides press releases, how do I get more kids/teachers/classrooms involved with my coloring #contest? Any ideas? Feedback appreciated!
whats up with this pots video?
Set your goals on kroq?
awee i bet its finee. least your in the studio and im stuck at home studying for finals.! lol
Need an #arbitrator in #nevada contact
Please come to Portland! RT : Hey Seattle! You can find Rancho Gordo products at Picnic!
Northern Light were dancing in anchorage this morning. Great show.
I hate my fat ass!!!
so what led you to use steroids?
Not forgotten! But 140 characters is so short! & have some of the best blogs around!
Thanks for the coffee talk, ! Madcap is a great place.
baby I knew it to be true
TEEN TIP 4 Today: Just because you can do it, does not mean that you should do it.
... I'll be watching from the wings for sure, and at every rehearsal.” #Suites bySondheim
So proud of ! Congratulations, you truly deserved it. I've never screamed out load in happiness while watching
and we all knew that all along!!
So I just woke up from a 5 hours nap. no sleep tonight..
Thanks for the shout out !
If I had sex with gaga she probably rape your Dick off!!!
Hearing lil e sing, where is thumbkin?...run away...that is the most adorable thing ever :-)
It seems obvious, but you should always read the guidelines and follow all instructions and deadlines prior to applying
Why is this #SNL with Will Ferrel just pretty dumb
Gym, audition. Its going to be a great day.
Going to the DMV 2ma for a performance. Shout out to dc and maryland
Lots of awesome music coming out of today!
You can fucking kiss my ass, human centipede.
Tomorrow, driving to Las Vegas!!
me too! RT I love seeing the Cincinnati Skyline driving home from vacation. I always know I'm finally home
they probably will, but oh well!
True story: after endlessly writing myself/friends notes reading "please excuse (insert name) from PE today as her menstrual cycle is cau...
Pennybag Paul! HA! That's awesome.
Today's prices have doubled! Get half off all orders!
Chewin this new "root-beer-float" flavored gum for the first time...The verdict: incredible!
We have to curriculum readers and 3 facilitators
i know Im so happy
Ah, I thought you were visiting. Let's not wait until the end of the year for lunch!
S/ O WUZUP WIT A FOLLOWBACK..
What do you do when you know your bf and BFF are fucking, but don't have proof?
Sorry TeuxDeux, Wunderlist just stole my heart.
You can also follow me on your tube or at my website as well. Search misterlatinjazz. Shooting Edgardo Cambon's Candela at Yoshis at 8
that sucks where your new seats? I cant make it tomorrow. Wife and everyone else r going
hi back, and look forward to following you too! got my name from a picture of a friend's grandpa.. on my website check it out
Hi let me look into it for you. Some things are seasonal so it may reappear :)
Mental note: Don't ever fly SAS to Copenhagen again...
Yep. That'll do it.
youre so cute! Mind follow my new, more private account? I'll follow you back there too (: It's :)
thanks! For real though, it was a great show.
Help Progress: ww.change.org/petitions-bring-nhl-hockey-to-key-arena
RT : UFC fight tonight..Me on the video mix and handling the MIC (pause)fiesta shot specials all night!! Meet ...
That's awesome! I'm trying the same to shake off the Monday moodies.
Well, according to you, after three more games, we'll be doing the same. Getting ready for next year! :-)
#gameofthrones time. Go get
You are so funny. For some reason I don't see your Tweets that much on my personal account. Watch out for spiders!;)
I'm hearing buy on pull back in this market. Really? What is cheap when future earnings are at risk.
Wine n rum ❌
Congrats on the news today. That is great. Really exciting for you guys.
Stfu, you don't even call me. RT : Story of my life. ": #TeamICalledMakaylaBigHeadAssAndSheAintAnswer smh."
Does Bobby Convey have a twitter account?
Working out listening to a hodgepodge of music: , 6,Crazy Town,& is wrong with me?!?!?!
To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever
yep. that's why we just help people tell good stories...everyone luvs a good story. Ads? Not so much...
I want to thank everyone following me. It will be well worth it and i will help make your future a brighter one for you and your family :)
can i get a ff for a 25 yr vikes fan here in tn, screw the Titans lol. I stay true
#HelloBrooklyn My Cousin bought me a sick snapback in NYC
If I show up on ya TL . Follow me bck. Thanks :) -- SiptheShitThatKills☠ ()
2010 MLB IS HERE. LET'S GO NY METS!
My dogs breath always smells like ass
Lovin this beautiful day.
I was made for loving you Baby You was made for loving me.. Kiss
Fairway Golf Cart Rentals in West Palm Beach, Florida Adds U-Haul Rentals
Great win for the Indiana Hoosier's tonight!!!
I just noticed the hell my left leg goes through
send in your #TSPARMY pictures now! c:
Come in today and try our Sriracha ketchup with your burger and fries! Guaranteed to spice some things up!
thanks for ff :)
March will be our biggest month in Sales! We are really starting to move product.
Search terms that brought people to my site: akim reinhard jews; chimpanzee pubescence; film crew takes over parking; institutional betrayal
I think must be almost there already Sandra!
excited about sunday for serious!!
the one book that never made it in the series: "Chicken Soup for the Ginger's Soul"
RT : Curl Lashes before Applying #Mascara to avoid Damaging Lashes #MaryKay #Makeup Tip Find More @ www.marykay.com/mistylynn
Dang I can tell you missed me
you are alive this morning
can you make a #paracord #koozie ? If so, sign us up!
We've hired a valet service for lunch & dinner parking! $5 til 9pm, $7 after 9pm. Pull up in front of on the 16th St side.
Beautiful day to be a Saltwater...glad you had a great time!
NO ONE MAN SHOULD HAVE ALL THIS POWER!
Just watched a My Little Pony episode that had an homage to the Star Wars throne room scene. My day is complete.
Went on tilt on fulltilt and lost buy-in never chase when on tilt bad money management should have left the table.
she already interviewed cristina??
3. Share a taxi from where undoubtably u will be featured in for going 2 in osu/hipster gear
Sexy can I?
tried to catch u in person tonite after TV bubble. DM if interested in wearing a 3Bet patch/gear tmrw. have $ for a deal.
Ladies and gentleman, please be aware of pickpockets. In NYC It's considered rude to tip less than 15% of your savings account.
I Dont Need No Phone 2 Do My Do
Thanks! A nice surprise this morning!
Thanks, Ya'all...XONZ
Well, that's true, but a couple of weeks ago things weren't that good.
oh xD i just ate 6 cookies...i think i have a problem o.e
WHAT YOU'RE KIDDING JMAC?!?
Happy Valentine's Day my #SmallFrySoldiers ! <3 oh an I almost forgot my cheer team placed 2nd at our competition Sunday! #GoTerriers! Xoxo
I guess someone at master control realized the mistake. Jay Leno is back on now...
man, why is wordpress so wack?
Why tha fuck u on twitter?
Hey all! I'm super excited to get back to the shooting range this Thurs to continue weapons training - pics to follow :)
DELIGHT IN THE SUCCESS OF OTHERS
I pretend not to hear the alarm clock until I absolutely have to get up.
if you need any incentive, it'd be that much easier for me to make fun of Kyle.
Good morning every one! Since Twitter doesn't give us enough to type, i'll end up doing my post in segments. Here it goes: I know us
Stoked for the “Basic Intelligent Semantic Heuristics Program.” New heights for adaptive social behavioral learning.
Mr. President I have never been so touched and grateful! You have made history today and I thank you sir. You moved me greatly.
I'm ready to throw on my tims and triple goose, lol. Ny it out!
Hoping my daddy will pay for our Be ICONic tickets & momma will buy plane tickets...then we'll pay for the hotel...ya know...easier..
well she just said she wanted to but she wants you to go
Great to see some familiar faces at
Thank you for walking us thru so much of 's goodies!!
“: In school you're taught a lesson, then givin a test. But in life, you're givin a test that teaches you a lesson.”
Get Papelbon up (kidding)
To all the single girls out there asking where the decent guys are : We're here.... In the friend zone..... Right where you left us...
So cold and its florida? Its like 3 degrees -.-
Where are you now? When I need you around
me too what are you doing?
Superb-- where the excellent people live. ;-)
May 7,1942 British troops occupied Madagascar where once again they had to fight French troops.
is wearing her T-shirt right now. SCORE ONE FOR MOM! I'm so damn proud....
Turn Away Reports:Let's librarians know # of ppl who tried to access product but could not when not enough "seats" were available
going to the TIMBERS GAME!!!!
any #Baltimore #interior #designers looking for some experience? Portfolio piece. Let us know.
Reason 6,719 being an adult is awesome: "Because I said so" finally makes sense.
I just want Wyatt on Skype
The next hot $pennystock Picks
I'm affended. Josh is mine. I'd fuck his face off. He would not have a face after I was done. Disturbed yet?
Mock interview w/ Drummer Jimbo Davis posting soon to the bands official website, www.nemesysband.com
It's a spit evaporation kind of day. 100 degrees will do that.
Just signed up to follow you under dihiwi (just met you at the Sisters of Providence). Thanks for the visit!
You look gorgeous today 💘
Agreed! RT : of course; anything from & is worthy of sharing.
I barely speak on the phone. Smh don't know if that's good or bad.
Give a little time to me or burn this out, we'll play hide and seek to turn this around.
Hoye: "not a night goes by that I don't think about that night."
oh well fuck yea u can't expect ne thing less with us two together especially 2 slices of sprite
anyone want to buy me a house? :)
Make up shopping! （＾∇＾）
Try Havana NY. Best Cuban food in
Vegas, here we come.
Today is a big day for Overtones. If all goes well, you will know why soon enough. Wish us luck!
*cough*LOST*cough*
i-i wont stop(;
There's An Expiration Date On Your Struggles! . . . Don't Stay Past Your Expiration Date! PREACH
In Orlando @ a Americorps training and leadership conference listening to Disney exec speak. POWERFUL
Russ I have been working in this #Autism field a longtime and the #breakthroughs make it so exciting!
That's awesome! Major props to you & your company ... Cheers!
haha it was a great episode, yeah? Pretty interesting angle of Don we got to see
4 and half hours of driving makes you so tired.
Charlie Brown Christmas music filling the air..Christmas Cheer everywhere..
nothing will open up till summer. have her get in touch (calhouns at usfca dot edu) and I'll fill in with details.
that was quick. Thanks so much Heidi!
The rest of the world lives to eat, while I eat to live. ~ Socrates
doubletree? Cuz it's a leaf. Get it?
Got drunk before noon and started writing pop punk songs. Come arrest me, cliche police.
shots fired! Mom's not pulling any punches today, eh?
John Mayer He's a cool dude man
No, because that won't make me any better at it; it'll just make me poorer. :-(
truth hurts.. You are still my best friend ....=)
Guess that's what I deserve for filling with t minus one day!
hi y'all, checking in from Pittsburgh
How to be alone by Jonathan Franzen, author of Freedom and The Corrections.
Working on flushing out the #tech #policy web content for and watching a little football. Good sunday for my fantasy team!
I hold my grudges very begrudgingly.. Except not really, so I'll probably hate you forever.
Didn't you see the symphony couple weeks ago? How was it?! I've been away from the twitter world for a while.
#Avengers was awesome
gggrrrr takes one to know one... btw ha learned from you
NOW! 27 YEAR AGE MILLIONAIRE, down to earth with heart of GOLD! Listen to David Imonite's live call and how he built his coffee empire...
I know! When I get home I gotta watch new moon and eclipse
I think we ALL are!! RT : SOO excited for Dining Week June 2-9!
its bs girl...i aint doin nuthin else for my bff..
The best part of your Monday so far has been ...
lucky you didnt get slapped.
both, but give them to me though.
Killed a dragon, then died to a mountain lion on my way back to Whiterun...
What's with the random retweeting of religious platitudes by people claiming other interests? Not relevant, not helpful, not cool.
ha. it is easy to learn to read. i learned on the plane. it's very hard to learn what the hell it means.
Everyone needs to go see abduction
nice try!
go get em! remember: stand out by being yourself. read the paper before you go and ask informed questions...
Nothing like your average Insomnia
True story. “: A day spent with #HRPeeps is a day not wasted. #TCHRA”
RT Rivera blows a save, Mets win a shutout, for one day, baseball season is perfect
WHY ARE YOU SAYING THESE MEAN THINGS!?!...I THOUGHT WE WERE BROS!! D:
Alrighty, M-dawg... Tonight's the night. I'll come get you from Odyssey & we'll go get the shorties. :-)
Grilled Rib Eye with Potato and Cheddar Pierogies. I don't care if it is pouring outside..I am GRILLING!!! Well, the steak, anyway.
RT : Just b/c you're learning in public doesn't mean you lack clear outcomes at the outset.
'....You let me complicate you....You get me closer to God'
he lives super close.
Well a very very hevate ah heavy duh burtation tonight We had a very derrist derrison bite...
With a cloudy day like today, we are dreaming of Summer! What #Minneapolis #Summer event are you MOST excited for this year?
I kno John Cena is hot but god dammit Sandler quit humping my leg!
Would love to check this out, guys. Y'all do press passes?
glad its to your liking homie...pt II on the way
you have an amazing portfolio
RT : Council approves to appoint Javier Perea as mayor
We gon get this money up, no doubt.
can you write me a letter?
just this once but next time I tweet-slap you
I may be in kansas city, but my heart is at ford field.
[Those with] knowledge of the situation say they are “seeing signs of the breach mushroom.” OH GOD BREACH MUSHROOM RUN!
Man you on it. Thanks for keeping us in your tweets. Much love.
We are crazy for Powerpoint over here Not only am I working on a presentation we have major job opportunities!
In line for "The Hunger Games". Heard it's a great book and can't wait to read it. Hope they make a movie someday. Someday...
do you have those days where you look in the mirror and don't know who you are anymore?
Why do you still text me if I don't reply? I don't get it.
Thanks for RT Unisse. Hope all is well. Have a great weekend!
i just want a gloria in my life
SERIOUSLY LOVE THE WAY IZZY SOUNDS!!! In case you missed it, I cleaned up my acoustic-electric & restrung it. Been playing all afternoon. 8D
Done Alteady put 200 miles on the whip today
Do you not understand how to use this yet? You don't talk to yourself...people are actually having conversations with you.
thank you for the follow. I look forward to your tweets and updates.
Back in the FIDI tomorrow in our old hood at Sansome/Pine with 11:30-2pm.
Well I beat Act 1 (Log in) and got to Act 2 (Create character) but I died. Now I'm back to Act 1. I don't want to know what Act 3 is like.
I gotta do something with my hair :/ is weird....lol
whatever he said happened.
Sorry - appears my accounts been hacked.
In Chi-Town supporting on her way to get signed internationally. If you know her wish her luck.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. ~ Mandela
Hi-five! Love that album.
Congrats on getting RT by Justin again! He sure does love his cougars ;) haha
I cannot understand GOD's true perspective on any issue until I allow my own perspective to be challenged.
Lol, i remember that one time in science, you just went all ahoisegidjsdgj out of nowhere O_o
Good morning guys!!! Let's try to get to 300 likes today, tell all of your friends and family to checkout and like our page. :}
Dudes? who the F does that? Call em out here
Oh my. That idea is delicious for me & dangerous.... for others. ;)
Mine would be Little Jerry Seinfeld
Big meeting at office this afternoon. Which means I'll have to shave off my vacation beard. And not wear jeans and Hawaiian shirt.
To celebrate winning best in show for ny, we are bringing a keg of bromigo to tap in 30-45 minutes. $1 Pints.
haha the perfecct combination for a good time!
I really want to talk to you.... Dammit
That's awesome! A friend of mine recently introduced us via email and ironically I discovered you 2 already worked together!
waiting on the new 6.0 drop from is killing me! I can not wait until I get this update.
INSTRAGRAM - my new fav app, follow me at MsBaileyE 😘
Need to see my bestfriend NOW
good meeting you last night at rosebud!
preparing to hear about Lost tomorrow and be very confused
I know I'm behind, but somebody plz SHUT DALE UP!!
merry christmas logan i hope you read this and answer or RT me pleasee !! :(
desktop client install to web embed #dashboard in 2 minutes: holy crap is awesome
Who else is watching the celebrity all star game?!
no time. sorry friend :[
That is one of the most romantic countertops I've ever seeon, Nothing says #love like granite.
it is so well-preserved... Very cool for sure!!
Me and ARE NOT MATCHING ..
That awkward moment when you find a hair in your food....
Slicin' up eyeballs I want you to knoww!
tj Yates new comer of the year award right or wrong
and is looking forward to doing some knitting with
Groves homes have landscaped grounds with porches and walkways.
Definitely -- I love mind mapping
Wow, Winnipeg Jets on the schedule next week for our #MNWild. Weird thing to see, I feel like I'm in a time warp :p
How's the family doing pimpn!!
YANKEES FAN BAR FEST on 3/3 tomorrow 7PM. Yankee fans and great specials. Free admission and open to public. 21 & over.
I'm a straight up daddy's girl. <3
Happy Birthday to a MAJOR messenger, PROLIFIC preacher and a FABULOUS friend!!!
They probably did, but I don't get MLB Network at my house. I hate that I don't.
Aw So Cute!!! <3 Please Follow Me :)
Additionally I like reading good tweets, and check out websites and blogs and as you can see link you your content from time to time.
Lake Front after Work.
they have many new sitcoms next year, they are running out of room
Only thing everyone is disappointed off....
the energy the Mavs Fans have shown during the playoffs is amazing, let's keep it going wherever you're watching the game
CHI-Town! I'm on the decks tonight inside from 9pm-12am! Come out for some crazy cocktails and cool tunes!
Woohoo! got my 31st sale today! I know it's not a lot but so glad I finally got my SEO right n c-ing some results :) #Etsy #handmade seller
Great TD pass by Central to take the lead over Belfry! With 2 minutes left in the game! Great 3A state title game!
You can find me in the club, eatin' Cap'n Crunch. I'm into having snacks, I ain't into making lunch.
Same to you ! Next year is going to be incredible! Merry Christmas!!
Yeah, I figured that was the source of confusion when you mentioned Game 7.
As the #Broncos players did on Tuesday, #Eagles players returning to honor in Philadelphia today.
I cannot resist!!
lol I was seriously about tell you not to be the next "taken" last night when you were telling me about the hottie haha
I just want you to see the final when you get a chance
How are the Lib-Disqual results coming?
Loving the new Ladyhawke video; Eyes of Laura Mars realness.
Flop flop flop madness
Support local music!
We love you...always joy when we swap digital hugs for real ones.
and you know we're not a democracy, right? Only democratic at city council level... we're a corporate-republic
is the cutest!
After a year of going 2 Cozy Corner restaurant in Logan Square. I realize I dont think i've ever had a good meal there. But the ppl are nice
Just give Pettitte the CY Young
lol it unfollowed some of the people i tweet regular and i saw there profiles and said i had the "follow" thing was on
u can tell if kids get disciplined at home by the way act n public. Kids who know they'll get their ass beat know better 2act out n public!
I think the creepiest participant in toddlers and tiaras is the judge- where are they finding these people? And do they not watch TLC?
We are looking for a drummer. If you live around the seacoast area and want to set up an audition send us a message!
Hey guys check out our Drummer Rafe Tangorra's foundation Rock Out Autism! Its a cause near and dear to our hearts
People who practice aimless celebratory gunfire should take an introductory physics course.
Indeed. What a fun time! RT : , and know how to throw *quite* the Mad Men party!
Wouldn't it be so cool if life had notifications like, ONE NEW NOTIFICATION- Your boyfriend is about to cheat on you.
That's an awesome kid you've got there. Can't wait for the book!
Thanks, man! It's been fun. The countdown to New Orleans begins...
excuse me -_-
For pulltab fans, our current 'In it 'til you win it' game has about $1k left in prizes & very few tix. An great investment right now.
I may be staying in Miami until Christmas now...I'll keep you posted.
Smile :D
#RETWEET if you need A SHOUTOUT TO GAIN AND FOLLOWBACK ( Follow and WE WILL SHOUT YOU OUT. ) Reply 'DONE'
your hella pro at skating huh
is recruiting for information management jobs in #DC, #VA, #MD, #NY, #NJ, #PA, #Chicago, #Boston and more! Contact me for more information.
omg finger waves were my most favorite part of beauty school!!!!
Pretty sure Siri is going to tell me to bugger off any day now...
In my spare time I like to make Mahomies mad at me. It's always fun to see them backstab me.
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him. ~ Galileo Galilei
I HAVE NO IDEA?!?!? RT : Why are we still not pressing?
Falling behind on the blog but the training for is going well. A recovery day tom'w followed by a 45 mile wk'd. Woot!
get off twitter and enjoy your day off! Just kidding you are awesome with your fans!
Chapter 2012 Page 103 of 366 I was born on Friday the 13th! The world is Lucky to have me
thanks for the blast. Now if I can only figure out how to tweet .
where is my invite??
NYE just won't be the same anymore. RIP Dick Clark
We proudly announce the release of Lost in LA, a teen novel about a girl with Inattentive ADD dealing with social bullying ... and life
None come to mind. Maybe knows.
What is the proper dimension for the Facebook timeline cover 850 x 315
we face Houston THREE times coming up. Can't do it like this.
i (heart) ira glass
Good point. "Since social media is a people media, why not write about people" -
as in this wednesday? and thats fantastic news!
Ke$ha just gets on a mic and yells the stupidest shit. I could never do that, even for one million dollars like she does.
Quite a few. A puppeteer. A violinist. A fish farmer.
Working in a super duper MCA tribute for tonight. Expect to here lots of Beasties!
Here comes the complaining...RT : This Spurs series is beyond boring....
I'm part German and I can't even speak German :( so sad bur I wish I knew how to
I hope you come to RI soon to visit Pam and me at The Beauty Within! Would love to meet you!
Thanks! Umm... my Twitter followers don't know about the statue... yet.
he used to say his teachers must not be readers bc they didn't understand y he couldn't put book down. (during lessons) Lol
Can't wait to dye my hair next week 😁
Come ON Eagles!!
Where you been, girl? This has been going on for months! (actually, I think it just wasn't getting full media attention)
goldendoodle x 2. Which is another management challenge.
I am following now. Nice to meet you on Twitter.
John D. is piercing all day until 9pm! Come on down for all your piercing needs! Also Aaron Campbell has time for tattoo consultations!
casually ask her "hey, what's your name by the way?"
Kowba: There may be some layoffs, may be school closures
this is our main acct. Nursing isn't on twitter but we can direct you to someone who can help you if you give us your question :)
That sucks too! Random number, out of context message.
Feeling all happy and gleeful at the sunny weather we've been having? Here's a tip: avoid looking at the forecast. A
Let's make it a thing.
Nice!! Watch out, looks like will be hitting the gym!
we need to hit up chillies and hollys real soon girl.
Very kind of you -- THANK YOU!
Thank You and I followed you 😄
So great to hang with friends in Pitt 2nite. Always 2short a stay. Miss u...
I like Antonio Brown with Nicks as a relatlively close 2nd
ALOHA ... I'm sure you are looking forward to the weekend. ^dy
I have mostly boys in Creative Writing. When I told them we'd be starting a love poem today, they cheered. Wasn't expecting that, but cool.
Well, can't speak for you, but I'M going to bed (after I cleanse, moisturize and shellac my skin w/anti-aging products). Nite!
Bored on this Thursday night!
Jersey Shore is making me look like a retard
Nope, I just liked the chili so much yesterday that I will for sure be using/modifying this recipe again during winter
Thanks for sharing!
i knew my NY friends would raise their eyebrows! i don't think you know what it's like to grow up w/o autonomy of travel.
Aint no way around it.
Stephanie Cutter is just as brilliant as she is beautiful,a real no BS kind of a lady.
Is there a code for the discount? I want to buy my very deserving sister a class package for Christmas!
The smell of grilling out is going to force me to get one ASAP
Butters-Fettig. No complaints.
Hey, it's not too late for a Fuji lunch!
One Liter of the Beer of the Week is only $5 at Hi Hat Garage today! 1709 N Arlington Place
When are you guys gonna release the cover EP? I can't wait to hear it :)
I'm sick of people spamming on twitter so damn annoying,"0mg follow me and youll get 100 followers!!!!" -_- SMH
Using 1-800-390-3065w/promo 29055 you could get a better discount because it is a referral program.
“: Al Gore <3 Sean Parker
Remember City's two late goals v. Sunderland...
Hope to see you up here soon..RT : so excited about your new project Pabu in the looking...
RT : I wonder what would happen if we truly believed we were worthy of love?
“: damn i missed show monday night wtf totally forgot. how it go?” #fail it was dope!!!
Eatin and drinkin for a good cause.. with and
did NMSU have a tarp down during the rain?
well okay...I texted you that....
I want to have coffee again soon!
I take it that's what we'll have in the bleachers?
Sweet! Doesn't matter what I think; ask your members :)
Saw your DM & responded. ;)
I really think Carmello would b a great pick up for us( Lakers)
I'm a spa addict and the best one I have found so far has been in Minnesota. Whodathunk it? Going again later this week.
did da world end?
If "Battleship" does well, next year's blockbuster: "See Katy Perry as she fights for her life to... Connect Four."
I think I'm still annoyed that Elise went home on American Idol
It's kind of sweet that Plenty of Fish apparently created a dating site specifically 4 meth addicts, truck-stop prostitutes, & rapey dudes.
like a year.
"Because of our routines we forget that life is an ongoing adventure."--Maya Angelou. Have a MARVELOUS Monday - be adventurous today! :):)
almost 100K users now, cool
finally 4 more days. I love you
we r holding a benefit on April 28 for , would you b able to donate anything to raffle off? thanks!
Oh yeah I forgot..people change.
I see you've been watching HBO: Real Sex.
Getting ready and looking forward to catching up with Harrison Magun over lunch.
yes!!! :) I'm sure I'll take her through nyc at some point, so maybe you'll meet her!
I love big girls with big tits and big asses
I love that ' guitar called 'Hitmaker' played on 's song 'Shady'. No wonder that song hit me as a hit. It's a HIT!
. All the good ones are gay or married -- or bipolar nudist evangelicals with a drinking problem.
#THIS => RT : Tweet me your questions about life and I'll write back! <== great tweets. Check out
can not even explain how much I needed to hear that right now!
Tonight's Dinner Special is Blackened Salmon with Hollandaise Sauce, Mashed Potatoes and Broccoli. Twelve dollars. Enjoy.
I once hit myself in the head for recreational purposes. The thing is, it gave me a good buzz. Yeah, it was stupid. OR WAS IT? (Yeah it was)
Talent is important... Follow thru is irreplaceable.
Softball Was AWESOME! Hit a HomeRun♥ & We won!
Starting a new story on fable while waiting for this downloading to finish
"that guy was gayer than a 3 dollar bill" - Ms.Z
welcome aboard! It's the same as Facebook, yeah, only geekier, and you get 20 fewer characters to express yourself...
Happy birthday Oregon! RT : Happy 153rd, Oregon.
Don't get me wrong, I like skyward sword... I just wish I could use a regular controller sometimes
thank God I wasn't picking my nose!
Thanks man, I appreciate it. Just trying to have some fun with it, we'll see where it goes. But I appreciate the comment.
WWOR! Is that still around? And what show?
You say it's your birthday? #ItsMyBirthday too! :)
don't you worry.. I always bring it
Mission Art Walk time!? Woo hoo! Need to decorate the new place!
Yeah, suspending a starting pitcher five games ain't nuthin'. A start, that's it. Not really hurting a staff featuring Doc
. thanks so much for checking on that and for getting back to me!
I think 1500 is a more realistic goal... And entirely possible. They play awful NFCW secondaries this yr.
dont be a nickel out here lookin for a dime
fuck yeah she was. Haha oh well.
Wesley Johnson
anything involving #prosecco & #duck makes me smile. I'm in!
Okay so I'm done now :3
that tough man. Taking a stand is usually the good thing!
I got Waterboarded the other night 2 get the "Baby crying and coughing up embrionic fluid" sound effect we needed for this Life Stains skit.
"Not loving 90s R&B music is #3 on the Oh No-Nos list." ~ Tom Haverford
between class and Free Comic Book Day, I forgot today was Cinco De Mayo...neighbors are celebrating with booze and country music. smh
let your life speak, until your words can match.
No, but I'd say most of my anxiety-filled nightmares take place in a school setting. Sometimes I'm unprepared AND naked.
talk about a hot flash. ouch
the only issue I have is that you can't surf and talk at same time with Verizon on the 3G network. Had iPhone since day one.
sure am. We plan to eat breakfast there.
what's your email?
If you're an #actor and love laughing, listen to on his podcast #mohrstories. You'll laugh while you learn.
its 11:11 make a wish baby <3 i dont needa make one, cause i already have you :*
are we still working?
Yeah, that's pretty much how it went, but with some Ayn Randian: "THE Q IN LGBTQ ARE WEAK CRYBABIES THAT DESERVE MY DERISION."
ahaha u fish stick, ya that stuff is the worst
Now following
No you didn't cut your hair!! I'm slapping fire out of you
Merry Christmas everyone!! ;)
Sorry for the delay while I was on vacation but thanks for the mention. I appreciate the support. Stay safe!
The sales cycle: awareness, acquisition, conversion, retention. Where are you in the life of your business?
FB app. is a mb hog.
Huge points to who gave me coffee on IOU today bc I was out of cash
Having a horrible week I need my Shaun! <3
What do you think of the new 'timeline' layout for our Citywide Fitness page?
Im pretty sure the sock bun just changed my life!
are we getting our #karaoke on?
Follow back?
When you don't define a clear chain of command-employees don't know where to go for answers. Miscommunication abounds!
Back in Atlanta, still in work mode ... I'll worry about playing later. Gotta make Pops proud & do all I can for my family!! Hit me up!
haha, I've heard that at least a few times in the past few minutes...
My mom told me there was gonna e clown protestors Friday....not funny thought I was gonna cry
Thanks for attending! RT : Looking forward to the next #LuxBride chat with ! cc
Well this was a scary Christmas...
One of my FB friends just "checked in" at the "corner of Vodka and Tonic" - LOVE my friends!
Stop by :)
Because it sounds retarded. I'll reach out to my girlfriend. Someone arbitrarily said "it sounds better" and it stuck.
That would be pretty sweet lol RT : Can we make sure Chuck Pagano takes Billy Cundiff with him....
Musée d’Orsay (one of my very favorite museums in the world) still closed due to strike via
The skin of my brow, stretched so tight, too tight across the softly cracking bone, unequal to the task of holding me here.
& thanks for the concern my little feet were freezing lol!
”Every artist dips his brush in his own soul and paints his own nature into his pictures.” - Henry Ward Beecher. www.itsartnotstuff.com
yoo made a twitter bruh ! :D
brandon. how old are you?
now that is some
oh my, I'm with you! Loved KEEPER OF LOST CAUSES
Download culver's new iPhone app today!
You've got one sprint car and a PR person at your service!!
Any good long weekend plans?
Chillin at my girls house its her b-day
Thank you for the follow. Keep doing good!
WHAT YOU DIED! NOO. I'll bring French fries. LOL!! (=
Sitting on your bed, thinking of someone and remembering all those memories and then realize that they might never happen again..
You're instantly wiser and smarter than most of your colleagues!!
When a girl is like a leach to her boyfriend. . smh..
don't cry buddy we are gonna meet again one day
FYI: Tactical Nuclear Penguin got a mention in Crain's Chicago Business today. CC:
flip it slap it down, its gonna get nasty... love me for my body im original sexy ;)
these streets will make you feel brand new, lights will inspire you.
We are looking to work with some Smart Guys on Long Island with www.longislandnybusiness.com
When someone smells nice, it automatically makes them more attractive.
What time is hipster bowling?
We had Aviations tonight. D's wonderful sister will be with us for a week. I think that means Eastern Standard soon.
Check your swag always
Watch me work!
im pretty sure. As far as I know at least.
Ari does fundraisers for Children hospitals, she helps with Africa and much more. She has a very sweet personality. Ariana Is Angelic.
Visiting with Imprint artists, Susan Brabeau and Ron Flory today!
Food Truck Tracker
I'm a problem child... :-[ in a devilish kinda way
Courts taking dim view of #WalkerFailure-GOP agenda to take rights away from voters & workers these days ...
Totally agree. Hot, but not. I give it a 4/10.
Will do!
#krewlove I promise to have you in my harms again !!
#ItsHardTo listen to things that you don't want to but you have to.
I literally get on Facebook and rush to turn chat off, which doesn't seem to stop peeps from messaging..
It's 5 in the morning and I'm still not asleep.
Bust (Tannehill), Boom (Kuechly), Bust (Gilmore). Mike Harris is better than Gilmore.
dm your number I don't got it in this phone
make me!
RT : "Think about a football coach, do they send players home to practice?" on flipped classroom via
Finalizing plans for the Freedom House Church ground breaking! Getting ready to rock the tent with and !!
you announced on here the other day you saw me, creeper
I'm seriously goddamn tired. And sick. And sick and tired of being sick and tired. And a little chilly.
nice. keepin it classy(:
thanks for the tweet! How do you like the app?
#10ThingsIFindAttracive 1: funny 2: gets along with little kids 3: nice to everyone 4: knows what they want on life 5: nice smile
I feel all of my paintings address my passion for the elevation of the human condition through abstracted expressions of nature and spirit.
DM me your information. For getting the score exactly right you win a ball of your choice!
she was out
You're just one small spec in the universe, we have bigger problems than who ate the last pop tart.
Stop being amazed at my telling you that you must be born again from above! - Yeshua
I like Alonso but this is a lot larger than him. School construction is abt reversing years of neglect of city kids.
Yes, please! Charles Phan of the Slanted Door in SF will release his first cookbook, Vietnamese Home Cooking this Sept via
yup, only 4 seasons, but like 80 some episodes. Everyone has loved it.
Ooh! Which ones?
“ #Oomf , Stay's On ℳy ℳind; 90% Of The Time, & That Other 10% Is Wondering If Im On There's Too. . .”
oh wait..
Trendsetting as always!!! - RT #Buckeyes releases says official OSU page on Facebook has 500k followers.Setting the bar high!
You may need a new idol, Tony...
Haha, opening shift. :P.
Are you a selfish person? .... Are you sure?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE follow me, its the one the this I want
“: yes Donald!!! Loved every minute of it.” Thank you baby!!!!
S/O to the best trainer in America!! Had a busy game today!!
Gary Price idea: Every library should have an "App of the week" program
Car wash flow!!
Ooh! Will get the full scoop + report back
DAT TDKR TRAILER Looks great still not expecting it to be better than TDK though & anyone who does is an idiot setting up for disappointment
Our custom, professional websites start at $80/month. Contact Web Reputation Builders today to get your idea up and running on the Internet
Ah yes, you are mistaking us for the museums TNT event. We just film bands on the trolley all over town. Thanks for digging us!
What does Ryan Leaf suck at more? Being a quarterback or burglary....
This never happened before is online when I'm awake, things like that make me hate being an American.
New model & pageant training workshops start soon! email
Just woke up thinking I'm going to a friends today
I want some icecream.
RT : I love the world. It's awesome.
Asked Adam what he was making for dinner. He answerd in a Julia Child voice, "It's a surprise!" I love him :)
I was actually just Googling sites with good Cyber Monday deals! I need pots and pans.
'nick$ win lol
so amazing and consistent the entire season. Whenever something comes out, I'll be in line to buy.
but necessary if sponsors want to give their money to IMS & Indycar
be careful. Images reminding me of early stages of WTO 1999.
Corey hart with a bomb right there
Mixed some of the EP today...should be done soon :)
I will be so thankful when this semester is over and I can actually attend church on Wednesday nights again! Geesh Louise!
That would be awesome! RT owes more than 2 cases of Seems like can help today
just a lucky guess!
If you were going to propose an item to go into the time capsule, what would it be? And why?
At night I run up the stairs in my house really fast because I think there is someone behind me.
please follow me!!!!!!!
Mark Trumbo's Homerun just landed and hit me in the foot at my house #Ouch #Bomb ⚾💣
Thank U
Starting skeeball tonight
dude I have a raging boner after reading your tweet.
I have to get a blue tooth it is necessary.
I went and read the comments of the video & i couldn't help but laugh at how at first it was "she chews gum like a cow" then "STOP BULLYING"
Laying out by the pool with ! Hurry up and get here so I can get my tan on and hear stories.☺
Im Raw No LATEX .. yall ball but ant eva did it Raw ... SAFE SEX
I have two guns...one for the both of you -Doc Holiday
Check out this crew.. Great tunes!
108.8 mph slapshot, Z, are you kidding me?!
hahaha, thats a good one man
Get some sleep!!! I need some too, ha!
#EITHER YOU RUN THE DAY OR THE DAY RUNS YOU, IT'S ALWAYS TO EARLY TO QUIT.
Did you know... That all tea comes from the same plant called Camellia Sinensis?
With100th #Indy500 this yr should be including teams & drivers. RT : convince to cover us regularly.
Time to shut down and head home. 17 hour day and every minute I'm blessed at what I do. Always important not to loose focus and be thankful.
#crowdfunding we did it! I have tears of joy!!
how's everyone? it's not like you guys are actually gonna reply..
Nicely written. We lost one of the Greats...
Nothin to do but tweet
Hanging with too many children
you can still do it. It's very easy google launch your own radio
Fears of disappointing you reign supreme in my head.
Did every one like my new video????(:
I hate my life right now, I wish things would just be perfect.
Thank you. I'll be waiting for your call.
12th/Horizon: more guns go flying from their racks @ this intersection than any other in town. I just made that up.
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "#MINISTRY...Chose Friendships, Associates, and Mentors Wisely."
Get them while they're hot!
GOOD LOOK!
IS BEING HYPOCRYTICALLLLL *retard voice*
I should have, next time I'm bringing my trench coat.
thank you baby!!
How to make a rape van less sketchy: hang a cross from the rear view mirror and call it a church bus!
Cool meeting your boyfriend last night, he was cool!
Chernobyl Diaries. Who wants to go see it?!?!
that whole day we worked hard its gone show n da. Video
how old r u?? or how old do u think i am??
like enjoying LATB's coverage of Bike WPT. Who isn't a roulette fish?
Feelin the <3 from theBikersDepot.com: I have the most excellent sounding board/designer/advertising maven/idea generator. Thx Mara Lubell!
just arrived at the after party
I just told someone that my parents fed me miracle gro and that's why I'm tall. Also that I grew a third arm as a result.
My cd "Out of the Shadows" being released April 24th. Can buy on Digital release now available on itunes, amazon, etc.
Thank you for the feature ! Feel free to follow us for the latest on all things #mobilemarketing!
#Brady 3rd?? He has 3 Super Bowl Rings!
I miss you<3 I hate how friends can become strangers
That's why I feel like I need to go back to the primary sources and analyze them again.
If I never take a law class again it will still be too soon. WHY AM I NOT A COMM MAJOR, so much more enjoyable.
#NF he is #unchurched with the right idea. Welcome
Erick called me a banana. Wut?
nice footwork Mozgov
Google I cannot stop playing with your zipper! Love it!
So I meant why* not where.
Awesome! It was the 545am flight from DFW to Ohare :)
because some people are just fucking stupid....
Hate it when texts take forever to send because of the signal :/
That would be doing society a favor. No, it was Milwaukee's Best, so, needless to say no one was gathering up the spilled bounty.
What's that? You're hurt? Boo hoo.. Did you expect me to care? You don't deserve my tears.. I guess that's why they ain't there.
S/o to my new ppl
Whatever, no one even cares, peopl just assume that I only spend time w/ Sam when I really don't.
Just screwed up my presentation, from getting nervous-this was a first :(
Q1) Business partners care more about the impact metrics than the ROI
Great to see Lauren Ambrose filming her new TV pilot Weekends at Bellevue in the rain this morning! still a little shy though...
thanks for the RT - hope we'll get to read your story somewhere in the stack of entries
you know it!
Asked and now following
do you think I care? Band is the worst&I'm not here to be friends with you either because I don't like you!
thank you !
are tuning in to CBS' #2BrokeGirls at 8:30/7:30 central to watch alum !
Yep! Bright and Early!
Looks like you are slowly becoming a triathlete!
When people have bad grammar.
Seriously, we're going to sequence DNA at #Smithsonianthirst! That reason alone should be enough to nerdy with us!
Embrace that.
who are you??? Hahah
where are you staying?
atomic power review: San Onofre seismic study - Press release 4/27
haha I'm just playing :) so what's up?
so people will leave me alone man praying i get back into siuc
Coming up on NBC 6: latest developments in case of #Aventura man on trial for wife's bathroom death
Just got reminded from that I have #WWE tickets to give away all week on
#First20SongsOnShuffle 15. Lost In Darkness- Escape The Fate
Hi Dana, San Diego SPJ here. Got a favor to ask... DM me?
50 of our clients, employees and Bosma ambassadors will be at each table for our 3rd annual Dining in the Dark, gala fundraisers
Woke up to a confirmation that I am playing with Placebo's Drummer and Innaway's Guitarist this Thursday. This will be a good jam.
Second video project tomorrow. I'm such a newbie......
I'm happy about it. :)
almost positive. Check put their site.
John Durante of says review contracts, coz Class I RRs & big customers writing them to transfer risk at
Good luck! RT Off to #Kona with and crew from
thanks! Always fun.
Sending email to address Qs but authoring not restricted & users don't need to know XML. Modifying templates does take >skill
"Harvard" of online ed? Faculty committed to #teaching, life-long support, a global cohort. - a new entry in
omg dude i texted u back bro
Looking for dualogue for two woman for my acting class.
Knock KnockWho's there ?Chaz !Chaz who ?Chaz nasty as you wanna be !
Welcome (back) to the newest members of the 2012 season: #15 - Daniel Barber #16 - Aaron Brennan (NEW) Next?
Does everything in Pittsburgh have to be yellow and black...
Your. You're. Your. You're. Your. You're. We can all eventually get it right, right?
Glad to say did contact me. Answered my questions. Kudos to them!
Shutting down the computer and then realizing you need it again..
"left side, strong side"
lmao that kyrie Irving's team now if lebron came back hell def get jumped after games lol
At a packed St. Marks for the Marriage Equality kickoff!
you workout
My fucking Mac Mini goes HAYWIRE every time I plug the GoFlex into it...
Spring Break
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong
#WhenAustin got to look at a red tour bus. RT if you think he's gonna have his own tour bus someday. <3
I'm going to start a series of blurry self portraits so when I'm famous I'll have something to put in gallery.
M! sounds yummy! I'd like those soon.
miss u!! Wish u were here!!
what a great movie! Ravenbusen!! You're up!!
Haha im gunna have fun with this trend.
okay fine with me ;)
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach. We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
It's like sees everyone else's tweets about him, but when he sees mine he ignores me . 😪😣💔😞
That shouldn't be an issue… as long as there is room!
“: Can people not have a guy friend without thinking that you like him?! #immature #comeon” Ohh schnapp she said it!!
Well f!ck me. Season over!
Had a kid last night tell me he was under 21, showed me his ID that said he was under 21, and still expected to be let in...
Ever hear of 'Rent'? No, not the musical.
Where is the bar that you work? Do you have any great St-Germain cocktails to share?
Just have to sit at another table with my iPad. #notcoolenough for their table. Haha
One interesting cab ride...
Damn.... iv been grounded this whole semester... Starting to suck!!
This bitch next to me lolol "nigguh I dont want a girlfriend, bitchess are crazy.." At least thats what I heard he said. xP
haha sweet! but you are the little jimmy :)
RT : Loving Mick Jagger's shawl collared dinner jacket. I want it!!!!!!!
RT it's official! we're now main event sponsors for the first ever Texas Testosterone Festival!! thanks
where is Clay Matthews on the list? Got to think he's rising both overall and with women. The hair does help
I know right
Spring is here!!
wave to me if you can so I can say hello!(:
Do you think the Nuggets can Win Game 7 at "S. Center" if they Contain K. Bryant's Scoring & force someone else to step up?
Congrats my fwend :)
#NowPlaying "Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays" NSYNC
Chris is a great guy! Fun fact: he produced my song What's Inside. Hope you're doing well, Grecia!
My work group (16 people) bought $80 worth of tickets for the MegaMillions. We won! $11. That's 68 cents each for a $5 expenditure.
We love #localmusic.... but can't hide our excitement about this Saturday at !! Best staff party EVER.
I try everyday to get you to notice me!
#Blazers trail the #Suns 66-53 at halftime. 66 pts. the most Portland has allowed in any half this season.
Finally got a smart phone for my wife. Bout time yo. I'm so going to get one next.
Can't wait for this: Free University on May Day at Madison Sq Park!
I remember when me and did the duck face along time ago, and now every girl at mt school does it, like.. no.Stop!
I was thinking I might like to play that piano while wearing the wooden bathing suit and the portable radio hat.
Thank God next quarter I won't have any morning classes to worry about :3
YOU GET TO SEE HIM TOMORROW!!! :3
Thank you again for another mention to follow:) You two are amazing! <3 XOXO Krisondra
yep my guess is he is as bad as the others...keep on making us look bad smh
This is such a weird day. I wanna sleep in ;x
#DoctorsBetterThanConradMurray Dr. J
Currently in New Orleans with the best people in the world <3 RT What are you up to, babe? X
i use to take pills for it when i was little, but now i just sit on Twitter and Tumblr haha
thank u for the follow!! Happy holidays!
Watched MIP with Tom cruise good movie better than the last one for sure
Business hubs caters to niche markets, you don't have to sort through millions of web pages to find the relevant information.
Grammar errors, both written and spoken, get on my last nerve--especially when the culprit is well-educated!
but are you going to Austin first right????
#kids Kids Menu 1/2 Price at Humperdinks Richardson and Dallas Brewery at Humperdink's Restaurant, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Kids Menu Meals...
yes same one
This Means War!!
Jerhemy is gonna be mad at me now :(
RT : nice metric of success for open source projects: "how many people scream when the service goes down." :)
you know what congrats you're going to be a wonderful big sister.
#newyearresolutions #followus on #twitter this year
i love u ...i hope you can follow me back someday...take care..:))
for #dinner #tonight we have goat cheese-mushroom-stuffed handmade ravioli in a brandy cream sauce. Only have a few orders, so snatch 'em!
Just woke up GD afternoon everyone
You did the right thing? Or are you lying to yourself?
you better start proving to me it was worth it
Gimme someone to txt
#10ThingsIWantToHappen to meet , , & & tell them how amusing & amazing their music is.
hell yea
Homecoming game 2morrow&dance on Saturday. it should b pretty ffuunnn.
almost done with three. Gonna win. Carrying the team.
thanks for the tip!
I gotta game you 2 can play. It's called 100m dash.
Hey Richie. Hope all's well in the northwest today!
Write it down. Written goals have a way of transforming wishes into wants; cant's into cans; dreams into plans; and plans into reality. Don'
The whole damn squad #TeamHyperFocused thinks you are so fine BTW. Especially the founder... M.. Bella MUAH ;)
Thanks for all the new LIKES!!!! Welcome!
it shall be done!
Guess what told me today?!? I get to work with next week!!!
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Cat Steven's father to sun Leonard Cohen's a thousand kisses deep
Q: What's green and purple and goes up and down?A: Barney in an elevator.
you've been smoking weed since sixth grade?
I'll be there with 25 setups around 7.
Good point. That link only contains common error messages. I wasn't planning on playing tonight, but BBC did a funny news story.
This season is not in vain!
Good Morning! Quick Question—How long should a kitchen remodel take? Well... getting a new sink area installed?
thx for the follow!
any chance there will be a block party in the Miami/Ft. Lauderdale area anytime soon?!
I thought the Tornado Twins were connected to the first Red Tornado...or was that the Cyclone Kids?
Mary was Jesus's Mother. She taught Him. Today She still teaches love, gentleness, peace, humility, and devotion.
Best Coast Ever
Thanks very much for RT!
Amen, brother!
Did anyone notice how the gas is getting highier and highier it is almost four dollars again!!! Hm
The question arises whether all lawyers are the same. This is like asking whether everything that gets into a sewer is garbage
Discount liquor store? Since when does liquor behave like fashion and goes out of style?
LOL, that cracked me up.
nothing almost goin to sleep haha cuz I live in L.A. & you?:)
thanks for the follow :)
Problem is, w the collective mentality & w Xavi, Iniesta, Messi, it's is easier said than done, unless FCB is off its game.
You're My Better Half On Repeaatt ! <3
This girl is hecka annoying.
True! RT never underestimate the power of a hand written note
Fantasy Draft tonight -- Let's go Michael Vick!
i really liked the interwebs a lot more before *everyone* became an internet marketer.
so many celebs dying. :(
Sounds crazy but it really was a great night to run hills. Never thought I would ever say that.
you're so pretty!
yeah- I didn't have wheat for a week, felt great. Ate wheat today= feel horrible.
A professional, well designed website, with the right content, easy navigation and quickly accessible contact details, greatly increases...
Dear Lord, All I ask is for a chance to prove that winning the lottery won't make me a bad person.
"environment" "milieu" architecture as atmosphere; gossip.
too lazy
following u.. #OKE!!
Thanks everyone!
startups coming out- - give Texas a little Dennis love. Ur NYC fellas gonna be out here 2
too bad hurt his back. We would have on hell of a coed league this summer.
Bill Aramony the former CEO of the United Way of America just passed away.
#libchat #libpitch I blog as Plaid Librarian on WP & Tumblr. Am also on Google+, but mostly stick to Twitter. Thanks everybody.
is following me. Excuse me while I poop.
Last night was the first time "ass juice" was ever used, at a business dinner, by a manager to describe the taste of his wine. #
: 'Sister Citizen' by - a true eye opener! <--Thanks for the recommendation!
J'adore!
hungry hungry hippo.....
ain't nothing but a....
Following spree
I'm folding laundry and Bruce Springsteen comes on. I instantly feel like I'm doing something epic.
I want a take a ride on a disco stick
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 61
I'm not sure about this mustache.
Death by stereo
Would you kindly stop retweeting the bimbo with the big jugs. My Twitter feed feels dirty and stupid.
I WANNA KNOW WHO A IS.
Day is NOT going well. Blech! I need a hug!
if only that was possible in my world. #Women don't poop! Only #men do. You men are so lucky!
Hahaha! Love the hair by the way!
Dang girls scream loud for a guy wit a good voice. Woah. Lol
#Kombucha, #fairtrade coffee, & #organic salad. The urban hippie is alive, well, & burning a hole through her pocket.
a person!
We need a show for Friday, December 17. Let us know if you have something cooking.
I see people all over town taking pics for prom... Super excited for senior year... :D
anybody want to do my bio??!! noo okay!..
"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do."
oh look my account is now being paid for by Lemonjello Fakename's american express, I do hope there are no problems with payment next month
Thanks for the follow Kara. We love do-gooder type people! Hope you're doing well in
she has to approve you 1st!
it was so cute omg I just love them so so much like I want to live with them!!
I know how that is....I lost about the same amount of time on hold with TREC!!! Ugh!
Watching Journey to Fearless on Netflix... I need to see a concert right now!!
best way to beat a "play hard team"... PLAY HARDER!
Can u grab me a pbr?
a bunch of ppl are following me !!!! :P
but i haven't finished the last batch! :-)
Take a look at Traces of the Trade on your journey, and keep rocking the kids!
Quorum Call has started in the Assembly, they've been in caucus since 4:30
Hey, I love you <3
Couldn't agree more; the rest of it...eh
#Saturdaylibrarian waiting for my storytime group to show up.
A cold night of trivia is about to go down.
congratulations!!! Now the fun begins
Found a lost set of keys at this a.m. and gave it to lost & found. Later some dude confronts me to "leave his stuff alone." Wow
Great time hanging out with you Champ! Hit me up when you come out to Vegas.
Happy birthday to you! Hope you enjoyed your celebration Come see us again soon!
I was going to invite for a swim in the Potomac but I guess not. ;)
Is it just me or does Tony Dungy look like Yoda?
AND EXACTLY 3 MONTHS UNTIL WE MEET & HUG BIG TIME RUSH ♥ 😄😍😘
2 more days
MLB At Bat 12 app. Awesome
What did everybody think about tonight?
oh ok then send it in messages
Hi Neesha, thanks for the follow. What's the story about?
I haven't gotten the spirit yet this year!! Maybe I should try the shopping method too...
summer is officially on
White Castle drive-thru guy told me I was hot because I listened to sports talk radio. Didn't even tell him I was on it, too.
The Sam Riggs Band and Chicago go together like peanut butter and jelly! :)
why didn't I know about Warby Parker before I bought my glasses? Addicted.
Thank you Memphis for the killer hospitality!
It seems like you can't trust anyone anymore.
Now tho, we better step our shit up. We're facing the Thunder next.
Great presentation at Lawrence Tech today. Truly hope your message sank into those executives heads. Creativity is essential.
bc we aren't dirtbags; and have jobs
Thanks ! Its been a treat tweeting, I've actually started my own account...addictive ...
Just got a tiny glimpse of the power of using XQuery to manage collections described in EAD, and I think I'm in love.
my mom said what did you do today i said "i surprised a burglar today , I broke into his house so dont worry if you get a call from the cops
you are about to turn 18 yet you still act like your a fucking cat and a stuck up whore
Saw George Zimmerman could face death penalty with possible hate crime charge.Can't comprehend killing someone because they killed someone
"A girl like Reba's got just what I need; with big broad shoulders and a red-assed weave..."
Ahead of its rumored IPO, online music hub Vevo is said to be negotiating a new ad pact with Google's YouTube. Backed by Sony and Universal…
We had two distinctly different movie nights. Mine was psychotic and traumatizing with a twist of nightmare. Trade?
i love you babe
only every time I walk out the door
Make Fit2Go your Valentine! We’d love to have a long-term relationship with you, so sign-up for auto-renew!...
Starting a New Series tom. Don't miss it!! See you at 10:30a. Invite a friend!
Zumba is for those that cannot Mambo
Gotta go with the frozen pizza, or come tailgate at Rice
can someone PLEASE tell me why chicks be posin butt naked on facebook for no compensation..smh.
Yayayay! bring your yearbook so I can sign it and I'll bring mine!
oh really
Legal Tip: its a good idea to sign a durable power of attorney to appoint someone to handle your assets if you become incapacitated.
seriously, unreal.
My point exactly.
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 60s. North winds 10 to 15 mph.
Saw the Bud Light "Here We Go" commercial on TV this morning. Realized its the Super Bowl spot I still constantly see.
CSN and NESN people getting along????
Love. Your. Blog. :)
Pizza Hut sucks
No on the voice, huh? Well at least you have the "tall and Christ-like" thing going for you... so that's good. ;-)
eating some as we speak (:
Only 9 school days left
best wishes on a speedy recovery
Not gonna lie, I'm a fan of Tosh.0 now.
RT : Come hang out today @ relax pool @ the hard rock if you are around. I'm spinning 330-630
I'm totally with you. Since when are passengers required to give turn-by-turn directions, especially outside their home cities?
I wonder what this summer has in store for me.
nothing like making the right choice! I often forget that "me" is the best choice. ;)
is it because your not gonna be here?
Bringing up the politics of workflow, especially when scholars do their own modeling 'in the wild' and then it rots in attics
Thank you!
sweet! i'll be over in about ten minutes
be there in an hour 20
1st science-oriented book I ever read was African Genesis by Robert Ardrey. What was yours?
Consistently let your girlfriend know, face to face, how much she means to you. Don't "just assume" she knows.
well that girl told me she's cwazzyyyy about chuuuuu(; <333
The only way Lin can fuck this up now is taking over the account
"WHY DON'T YA GET A NEW SHIRT?!" #seinfeld,themusical
Chilaxin at the pool at the Madison! Happy 4th of July!
“: I'm getting a few of the Tuesday special at popeyes today” I want sum 
Duh, Kentucky!!!
i can take a hint
Whats goodie sir? and yeah thats a good look Let me know what i need to do to get on that uNDERDAWGS MIXTAPE! WHOOP!!!
Breaking news: raccoon in a cage on the roof. Thump, thump, thump, chaaa-squeeee-irk.
umm yeah am pretty sure I did:D
Thanks for the followback! :) Have a great weekend!
LEO THE LION ENTERTAINMENT LLC
#dramatic night-__-
when times are tough....give ya watch a bandana
you asked the right person. what type of dance? as in what type of music are you looking for? i know absolutely everything
Im hungry :I
Sad about the #Brewers lose but more upset to see that the #Cardinals snuck Budweiser into Miller Park lol
Madam Laveau's House of Voodoo
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!
I picked up 100 ballet slippers today-What will I do with them?
Problem w/ doing all your work in the cloud is 4 hours sitting with no wifi...finished my book two hours ago..so, obviously, I tweet
“: God I love law and order svu”. Me too!
if you've gone through my #grefine #nicar11 tutorial, let me know what other topics you want covered, thx
I should not be at work for this game!
BTW #Apple I need my iCloud NOW!
On my own I generally have very messy hair, wear jeans and sneakers. -Jewel Kilcher
already subscribe to #Mediashift... it's great!
I wanted to write a strongly-worded letter to whoever is the source of that incessant beeping until I realized its the photographer's camera
p what it do?
That #CanadianTransgender is hot. I wish I had a body like that lol
I knew u were going to say something I can't believe this how do u f*^ck the championship up they don't deserve to win.
High a top the Aramark building - great view
Motivation Monday: "People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." ~George Bernard Shaw
Open Forum today on the recommended governance structure for development and implementation of a new curriculum. HRC Auditorium at Noon.
I really hope you win
Thank you so much!!
Happy early President's Day!
Remember this day, where every Dem let a collective sigh & a "Really?" At Thanks Hilary. Thanks..
This made me lol!
We wish you were here too but are happy you are where you are. :) We'll take photos of the view later today!
oh no no no no. Mizzou and Nebraska were the source of all big 12 problems. If u don't believe me ask
I am a world teacher, healer we will meet one day! Keep the faith and know that I believe in you!
The media is so predictable...
it was fun for us also ... wierd questions and interesting answers xP
Rather dress classy than like a ghetto person. I have my own style.
go get me Timmy “: Fireman Ed and the rest of Jets nation, I'm gonna play my heart out for you. J-E-T-S JETS! JETS! JETS!”
Who wants free tickets? We'll give away a pair on 2night at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall!!
HUFF was one of the highlights of the Texas Frightmare Weekend!!
Weekend outdoors plans? Or is it officially too hot to do anything but swim?
Sorcery kicks off new pre-purchase functionality on PSN
Blast in a Glass Bitches <3 <3
I am seeing the movie this weekend. What one was the most fun to make Mr flip off guy?
My child likes to pretend she/he is a _______
tough loss... but, I want to wish you and Baylen a Happy Birthday!
I go to sleep later and later every night ..
welcome to twitter!
In my opinion, Donna Summer not only ignited disco but created all dance music including house. Can you deny this?
hey my buddy! Whats up?!:)
#TGGR The Go-Giver Retreat is a day away! :-)
Just not Pawnee, right?
